Apparent superluminosity:One of those concepts - if U can get some understanding here it unlocks a good bit about light ....
Hey, sharing is caring. ;)
please follow me :D 30
"Be not simply good -- be good for something." ~Henry David Thoreau
...look elsewhere.
I hate when a botched act sneeky n get caught n try to lie about it like a nigga fuckin stupid
can you follow me so I can message my email to you? I don't want to get spammed!! thanks!
Realizing what's actually important in life.
Excited for tomorrow morning's announcement of a relevant, up-and-coming hip hop artist coming to Turner Hall Ballroom this May.
Seriously. There's a livestream if you're interested. Dunno if it's back up though.
We're playing at tonight! $6! All ages! We go on around 11, but get there early and see some cool bands
Decided to stay in a hotel instead of with family.. It was just way to stressful last Nov.. Too much damn drama! (:
all the boys with girlfriends love you
are you still experiencing this error?
I know what my Growler will be doing around Aug 27th or so!
So many frustrations today, my poor hubby has to listen to them all, oh dear!
Please help a new Author out I Promiss u r going to love the book
Precious gifts of friendship... knowing the heart of another, sharing one's heart with another.
Thanks! next time you need sitar hit me up!
when you leaving ??
What was that book you told me I could read to learn more about bipolar?
sweet tv spot... Willie Nelson's vocals on the Scientist -
My Rangers won!! Yeah!
Glad to hear that! Drinking is also helpful if you need an effective (but unhealthy) distraction.
What would you like to talk about this week?
Ron Paul wouldn't submit a balanced budget for 2013? Or is it just kind of implicitly agreed that Ron Paul is excluded
Is it time for the bell to ring yet?
read my would you rather tweet
T minus 2 days till gets to party with at the TeeRex Spring Swing and finally kickoff !
This Sat. at is our Marshal/Driver meeting. Big thanks to all the volunteers who make the a player favorite
Less than 6 inches
cant swim remember... I'm like
Man dang derick rose u need some help
I've been awake for 40 days and 40 nights, and I just can't stop dreaming.
followed me on the other account & i wasnt even following him. FOR THE WIN<3333
“: It's about to get intense to the 18th all tied up go !” woo Hoo :)
was looking for you guys on Google+ but couldn't find you. What's your g+ URL?
Your thoughts are the initial keys to a successful New Year. Dream Big, Think Bigger, Think God-sized Thoughts!
Wait, what? Already? MT : BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING. Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY. Wine Shop open till Friday-50% OFF EVERYTHING
The new S-400 hybrid is taking off. 21 mpg city
Rollin with and enjoying this crazy awesome fl winter weather. Ah
In January there were 6 visits to one of our websites from someone who was using Internet Explorer 2.0. How is that even possible?
Stuck in gym with le twats 8D I hope I dont get hit by a basketball
Hezbollah story on 10news.com getting much web traffic. A/g in Tijuana says he knows of NO Shia enclaves in Baja. My source is solid. jw
sent them tracks couple hrs ago u listen to them
Man, former UL assistant coach and UC head coach Mick Cronin gives UL a 10% of beating UK. WOW
How many bedrooms?
Look at the passing.
A good day turned bad
Research support professionals see opportunity with grad students who may be open to new methods/training.
#iUseToThink that I would be living in Cali by now
It is laughable how people think they understand social strategy just because they have a Facebook account.
well get positive and cheer your happy ass up.
“ #Gemini woman breaks more hearts than the women in any other Zodiac.
One of those days when I am SO EXCITED about SO MANY THINGS!!!!! Or maybe it's just the smell of freshly baked cookies
Why can't we be friends ?
lol ok , carlos is gonna call you ok :P
I assume everyone in tv has weave now. Lol So last time, my mom and I were watching tv and each time a person came on, we were like (c)
Goodnight to you
Haha, basically working with the labor departments to improve their organizations, make sure workers' rights are followed, etc
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
help me get the job done without costly classes, plus something everyone in my family could read and use.-Andrea R., Dallas, TX
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetsOnMyNerves ask me if I'm okay 24/7. i get that i'm fucked up, but you don't have to ask me constantly.
I've got a wonderful bunch of coconuts, dee-da-la-dee-dee...
RT : #Heat fans look as pale as their shirts.
BEVERLY HILLS THAT'S WHERE I AM RIGHT NOWWW
Karma is a bitch just make sure that bitch Is beautiful
#ThingsbetterthanUKfootball Charles Barkley's golf swing
The only time in my life I"ll ever vote for is for the Madden cover so Megaton doesn't get the curse.
spent all day perfecting a final project poster
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
Aye joe what we search on Eventbrite to get tix? Cuz Adriannas bum ass ain't got no website lol
haha well thank you, hope you're doing well!
so where do the pictures come from? did she say?
no kidding!! 27 days from now I'll be in LONDON
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 48
RT Did national columnists rip West Va. for not "winning the Big East" enough when they moved to the Big 12? Did I miss that?
Could you please make clicking to uncheck one's collection automatically open list to allow checking Wishlist? Thanks :)
I just realized it is late by resting my chin on the rim of a cup. I am tired as fuck.
No more "explaining" to you! Go back & read your tweet or have a "young" friend read it to you! Lol!
Thanks for the trophy I hope your March Madness brackets are as good as mine. I got mom Jeans going all the way.
Never stop BELIEVING on your dreams
Baby your a spaghetti.
Love is good and it's decent but if your not with the right one then it's pointless
Happy Birthday man!
Trump endorses Romney. What did Romney ever do to Trump?
Or die because everyone would be in shock
God Mornin Twitter.
luckily his cpu and shits here in case his complex trips
New England Patriots made a surprise roster change releasing wide-receiver Tiquan Underwood!
come to Austin <33333
If I told you this morning not to start shit... That means don't fucking start it!
$157 for used VI's though. Need to put some stuff up. eBay or Nt B/S?
Asthma has been kicking in lately. Hate it.
glad your back on facebook....enjoy reading your posts
Will never centralize. Once it's centralized another one will pop up for "new discovery". All content is in 1 place: the web
Quickie little rehearsal with Lynne amd Melissa
Thanks for the #FF!
Can't wait to go see Taylor Lautner's movie "Abduction" cause it was filmed in Pittsburgh.
niall is a slut! he pulled his pants down in front of fans today
CONGRATS TO YOU AND MR AIMEE. He's gonna kill me if he sees this tweet... Seriously, all the best. So happy for you!
Fun fact:George Washington had only one tooth at his inauguration. He wore dentures made of human teeth, animal teeth, ivory or even lead.
hm wish i was eating french onion soup at Musso and Franks,
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Have a safe blessed day.
Hello everyone :)
respect me enough to admit when you've done me wrong instead of lying about it . . .
According to , slavery is better than the Internet.
had the Deviant tonight and I liked it. Star has one four pack left.
Why #GoT is awesome at suspense: my initial reaction to the last scene was, "It's not them." Then I remembered Ned Stark. No one is safe. :(
first run in about a week. Felt great. I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 10'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
good chat today, like sharing #HR consulting ideas. Look forward to the blog post!
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
": Pretty sure I've watching maybe 10 minutes of hockey since the Pens got eliminated. Its been nice." Nothing for me
Disney Cruise out of NY?? Sign me up!!!
me!!! I saw it so many times in NY I got a job ushering the show so I could see it even more!! \m/ \m/
Many thanks for the resource - I am exploring it now.
ugh. That show sucks. I'm sorry you had to lose 4 minutes that you'll never get back:(
Please follow back if haven't already. Thanks(: thanks for the follows already (:
Unique experiences offered at #MamasDay2012 Super Silent Auction: Private Coastline Flight, New York Theatre Package and more!
Long day, I just wanna sleep wanna sleep wanna sleep
Someone get me to 400? :D And ill love you 5evaaaaa~ Shout me out tho please :c
For anyone at London Online #online10 Alexander Street has QR codes, and we're giving away prizes in booth # 400
RT : Hey girl! #function lol. Hey girl. Function!! Really. A mess
"SO THIS BITCH." -- The start of an amazing story
He's not running for re-election...... so you can't really do that.
chinatown urinal! im forever unclean!
makes a lot of sense. Class is in session.
love u too sir:) thanks that really meant a lot!
Have the day off for #MLKJr's Bday? Spend it w/ us @ #SWIMLounge! We'll be relaxing by day & watching the beautiful sunset in the evening.
i was expecting the birdman
No one fooled me yesterday:)
creating our new home on the web....
This is why women love to shop for shoes. Shoes do not make you feel fat.
Great win for Milwaukee. Two games back now behind the Knicks.
Bout to lean on this big bitch she must not know who I am get you fat ass up and do something bitch!!!
Sheamus Wins the Royal Rumble Match!
Its impossible for to follow me
Only if you knew
3 minutes left in class: "I have 1 tiny question: how do we know what knowledge is?" -
totally started that "O-lay"
IF God be for us...
Sweet !! Enjoy the game
Breakfast in bed. My family's awesome!
WHOA on Horrible Bosses, boss! I liked that movie!
Thanks for the RT!!!!
glukianoff, thanks for following us on Twitter!
So glad I formally met thanks to and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
is it still 7 years?
On my way to #SXSW. Looking forward to an amazing day of panels, mtgs and music tomorrow!
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. - Maya Angelou
Let's get our followers up!
Apple pie & ice cream....
not only that but what message does it send about English bands since 1978? or are they ALL too smart to be associated with it?
Vote taken to hold off on rate increase until next month passes. No increase today, but could be changed at full board tomorrow.
Honestly With the strength of our love We can go nowhere but up <3
Awww what's his name??
Bloody brilliant
yes! When is this on?
I don't know what the big deal is about St. Patties Day. I could get drunk, throw up and cry within the span of a night any other day.
By the way, Where is PAUL RYAN. Has MITT ROMNEY DUMPED him already? Can I catch this on YOUTUBE also? MITT ROMNEY really piled it on.
We're excited for the start of #DBC2012 today! Who else is ready to get started?
haha that was you and your dad? Hilarious.
$80 for an extra bag. No longer a fan, Porter Airlines. No longer a fan.
Best Car Buys of Denver wants to help you find a car with their large inventory of used vehicles.h ttp://goo.gl/jA5sK
and she's right!
Thursday lunch bad. We're talking tomorrow morning (MET102 proj)...coordinate calendars then?
Today is going to be a long ass day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Yeah, I thought about it being odd when it was on the GW2 main site, but didn't really tie it together as being different.
The painter that performed at half time at the Kings game is going to be on AGT! :D
Thanks for the RT. But that position has been closed & not available when you click it.
And u haven't lost ur buddy. Once befriended, I'm pretty much a #friendforlife :)
Animals have no soul. But ppl do. I wonder what thinks of the millions of homeless ppl. Apparently nothing. Fuck ppl, let save animals
OK let's try this breakfast thing again! Mom went out to pull ONE weed and ended up gardening! How rude! Hungry here! I feel fainty.
i am so not preggers.
very good! Thanks for sharing! I'm sure we could all add our own to that list!
Awww life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get one.
Some nigga save hoes, I'm not that heroic
Chris Johnson wallet weight him down all season, now all sudden u think ur bad! U still suck
I hate getting older, it's not as fun as I thought it would be
wth im on mlb's scoreboard page and it says williams. think they'd update both
great seminar yesterday morning about being a "Smart Reader".
kmsl u so silly...
A lot of people forgot to wash their face today.
"Suck harder". "Close up her hidey hole"; overheard director say both in a play rehearsal--I'm seeing that play.
Today's City Bakery Hot Chocolate flavor: Honduran Hot Chocolate!
GOAL FIU in the 29'! Albrecht flips the ball over a defender in the box and Di Croce finishes past a diving keeper.
In da cut barber shop.
I think Taryns gonna punch someone. Or I will.-_-
Got to go to Burger King. Saw a cute guy there. Highlight of my day.
One more drink then i swear that im going home , truth is i dont really have a place to go so pour me. pour me another </3
send me a link to view your team
how to get rid off from lower back pain and neck pain? could anybody helps to me
Thanks to ChivasUSA, L.A. Galaxy & The Home Depot Center, Carson, CA, for their help and support in bringing Pokatok to the L.A. community.
That awkward moment when i dont know what state im in...
*bows in return* Pleasure to make your acquaintance
I hope she breaks your heart , like you broke mine .
z.": So, what'd we make of that first half? #HOUvDC #MLSonNBC"
yes! Thursday was my day but now Friday! Enjoy your day as well!
Ohh that's even better.. how old is your daughter now ?
What does congress want to rid #MLB of? WWW.USSportspages.com
ok thanks, what about live video? Understand the harlingen game will be live video streamed tonight
I get to spend the morning listening to talks by & others from the Remind me who said work was a bad thing. . .?
outside counsel *rules* are replacing the softer *guidelines* for many corporations. this includes rates and staffing.
a bo sorry oh but it was unexpected he was just like you wanna go to Ihop I was like hell yea lol
#how do I accomplish this?
thanks for the follow! I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Im moving to LA next month ! Proud of you and hope to network with you in the near future!
Referee: "when we can't eyeball it we use high tech to get it right. Have you seen our amazing chain?"
If you haven't purchased a "I Hella Heart Sac" T-Shirt yet go get one they are going Quick!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Track people<cheerleading people
no it's the 3rd! :( wah that sucks
so i pretty much just gauged my ears.. cool. lol.
Frank Unanue: Know your customers' tastes then cater and adjust to their nationalities and cultures.
Congratulations to Phil Humber on finishing his perfecto! - BB
The crew rocked today and the performances hit it out of the ballpark. Picture wrapped Danny Glover. Three more days.
I'll still be here when you come back buddy. Everybody needs a little break sometimes. I've considered it myself recently.
Good night. =)
Had A Great Time At The Hawks Vs. 76ers Game Even Know The Hawks Lost
I'm in you Your in me
Do you have a girlfriend?
- Ah, the beloved back-to-school sale! LOL! I need pics. Are the pens Sharpies too?
Due to killing, selling drugs, & subjugating women like most modern rap Ive missed a few days pushin videos. We're back. 4 new vids up now!
I was only kidding. If you would like I will txt you now to make you feel special! :)
Going to Florida tomorrow can't wait for all the amazing theme parks!
Hopefully the weather is a little bit warmer today! :)
Meg: Sex wouldn't be a bad thing. Imani: I'd love that!
APPARENTLY... Red Wine mixed with Sky Vodka is NOT the official drink of Joe Denim... my head really hurts!!
Do you wanna help me clean? We bond over this. This is like friendship stuff!
Third and Long on corner of 35th and Third
aw why? And I'm just helping my moms boyfriend move haha
#Wendy's French fries
#pcampboston take the time to observe your users workflow to understand how to add most value
feeling like crying but not letting myself.!):
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...and I also know that I'm not blonde. - Dolly Parton
that calls for celebration! Ole!
My mother's cruising in the Caribbean. Hadn't yet heard of the earthquake in Haiti. Information is, indeed, power.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 8
attended ME class this week in Norfolk, VA with Doug Sutton. Thank you for your organization.
What do you mean it's not Thursday? Seriously? This week is dragging ass
When people assume your talking about them pshh #fallback mind your own business and stop looking at my fucking Tweets
thanks for the mention!
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
The October issue is officially closed, and my summer vacation days are officially approved. Today is a good day :)
WinAmp is now an Android app that aims to manage music between the smartphone and computer. Watch out, iTunes?
They will say "Sorry," and "Thank You."
Blackberry w/o a keyboard is a desperate move by RIM. People left for iPhone/Android DESPITE no keyboard, NOT for touchscreen.
On weekends, Chocolee expands into a bake shop. Pop in to see what came out of the oven Saturday and Sunday. Warning: get here early.
Thank you our pleasure! Your site is really well designed and easy to use! Your mission is fantastic too!
Thanks for the fabulous photo. Keep on running.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Tweeting from my iPhone hot diggity!
aw, thanks :) glad you liked it!
Thanks for the shout out Mike. Let me know if I can answer any Marketo related questions or show you how it works.
Bored outta my mind......
I know not what u speak of. LOL
tell my boy adam scott hello for me!!
: The emotion layered on top of it all was due to a new element - protester on protester violence (brick thrower)
I finished The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer today. Unforch... It was too good. Don't think I can organize my thoughts enough to write a review.
Our amenities level will include a landscaped sundeck w/ resort style pool,state of the art fitness center & spa w/2 private residences
Never jeopardize a good thing for a new thing
The unexamined life is not woh living. -Socrates
“: Don't sweat the small stuff .” and don't pet the sweaty stuff
You know America has an obesity problem when you're dodging people cruising on their segways as you run in the park...
We are working on an exciting new partnership! Stay tuned! Serious Waffle news coming soon!
how am i going to get all this stuff to DC!!!!
New forum added @ www.myfreegenealogy.com Gardening tips of yester years share your favorite gardening tips from past to present
lol i cant even be there :( cause it was about 3 am here
I hope I can manage it tonight,I iz sleepy,even after taking a 2 hour nap~! (ThatIsVeryRareForMe)~!
I just wish that you had fought harder for me to stay.
can't get Phineas & Ferb theme out of my head
The pattern is full, LAPD helicopters. No permission to buzz the tower!
i knoww:( those were my fav sticks !
.haha x) RT : She prolly was like " look at this bch, she's hotter than me" ;) lol
Jason Aldean & Zac Brown Band lead in 2011 ACA nominations. Both acts earning eight, including Artist of the Year and Album of the Year.
we should
great interview with Mike Leech can we get one with
I don't know which is worse, Community being pulled off or sticking to The Office...
Super important aspect of lobbying is building a relationship with the member's staffers.
I am tech support for my parents...
Kicking off the festival tonight! Come the preparty & mixer from 5-10PM at #RedJacksSaloon in #Arvada!!
I can't believe you saw me from thousands of miles away! You can't eat in the Metro here in DC, incidentally.
Explicit, clear, and demanding, an #Aries will ask for every ounce of commitment and energy a person can muster.
RIP Legendary Singer Etta James. She passed away this morning.
FIn tO GO Jump Into SUm N FUk WIt Yall TOmarrow\ Much Luv Twitters
happy birthday kris , kisses,btw , I love how you handled tote interview at wendy , graciously , like a lady..
#StopBullying it doesn't make you cool it kills dreams and hurts others. I've been bullied many times it isn't fun.
Twitter hacked! Haha.
people who do that really make me mad. poor pups
RT : "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
yeah baby!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
goin bacc to school tomorrow and i diabetic too just now found tis shit but i on my feet still lucky me.
The pilot for Revenge is awesome. Just so ya know.
my roommate Harold gave me herpes if that helps
I listened 2 the new song Unbroken by BVB & some of their olds songs. Now those were real R&R. ;-) that's why I <3 my band. #realrock&roll
We love you too Neko! RT : Sitting in my public library. THIS is love.
you too!!
I'd still take bad advice from my best friends
George Lucas needs to chill out with the rereleasing.
fatty lol :P
...He shook my hand goodbye & I saw the World Series ring. Only one man has hit a World Series-winning home run for Canada...
Thanks for super fun party Good 2 meet and see cc:
Without having a goal, its difficult to score.
So glad we could help!
TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY! "Ice Cube voice"
Follow the to get the latest on new music releases, tour dates, and how you can share the love of Muzik Without Prejudice!
Behold the start of slurpee season! #brainfreeze!!
There are only 3 days left for the 50% off individual cabinets at the Washington Co. ReStore
did you find a dress?
why the Brady Anderson stitching on his glove?
That is so funny. I should have know it was u with that tweet. Lol
Now I'm hungry. I can tell this is going to be a nutritious lunch. ;)
Looks like Jon Snow might be in a wee bit of trouble...
is on that. shes amazing and hilarious! :D
.. a chair is still a chair ..
Love your disposition. ~ RT : Good morning beautiful world! Happy Saturday :)
Thank you Stephan! He donated $10, he's a real Fun Friend!
He's the real life Lord of Tubbington.
we rely on word of mouth so pls help us spread the word click SHARE, LIKE, or post links on your fb or twitter!
Just installed Tweetbot on my iPad... it's like whoa!!
Awesome!!!! Keep it up! You're over 1/2 of the month! : Day 17 of #insanity fired up and ready to go!
def honesty and loyalty bc without those two things youll never have trust
Nothing turns your world upside-down more than realizing you've been singing the wrong lyrics for 20 years.
Is it just me, or does he look a little like George Carlin? Like he's going to trade his crazy talk for ironic insight.
There's multiple ways to interpret that and I like to believe they all apply. :)
So engrossed in #1940census forgot to eat breakfast!
prom being next friday and i still dont know how to do my hair, my make-up, and i still have to buy my accesories :O
Wow! Nice showreel! I especially loved the colored pencil cat!
Yes. I agree. I am taking the blog on the road on Saturday to. #NC mountains
Number of people applying for US unemployment aid dips to 367,000
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last nights radio show on KDVS. The Acidic Swamp Bands maiden voyage went well. We set sail again soon.
Really can't stand people that think #pennstate #football should not accept a bowl bid or to cancel their season. Your mind is 3rd world.
I got my mom one of those giant mothers day cards
any artist(s) that would like a booth for October First Friday, committee is looking to fill up the spaces. ##
Jumping catfish! I can't believe my eyes! There goes Grandma – she's found a pair her size. A-walkin' in her Hot Pants!
#OMG #IfItWasntForFootball the kids at school wouldn't have tackled me when I came out of school.
After listening carefully to P Ryan, I believe he's trying to infuse a spine into Mitt. He senses Mitt needs one.": Paul Ryan says
Miss Austin yet. Cause I doo! :/
When ONE DIRECTION performed! >>>
listen to Let it go... it kinda has a rock feel to it i think
I could go for some Olive Garden right about now
Check the avatar!
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing – that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
New site! New look! www.800-language.com.
COPE strategy - create once, publish everywhere
Too much chocolate ganache! I need to have a balance plate today: tofu n' veggies, miso soup, rice, salad and cali roll. Yes/No?
Nobody ever reads the rules for Monopoly except when an argument breaks out.
i'd like to apply to be the internet's editor.
Norm Bossio sharing how eating with your grandkids is like being an HR professional.
#NW: Wild Hogs
Listening To Up All Night by
#CXP accelerates professional services firms’ capacity to scale & deliver sustainable results that #business leaders expect.
Just got robo called asking who among the GOP I would be most likey to support for president. I said Santorum, just to fuck with them.
Good thing there was nothing on the DVR. Hopefully, #unlv has enough in the tank to win this game.
Baby Got Back
he goes for whichever dick is in at the time...
I've got background on his amendment that focuses on teen safety.
I Got Money, But It Dnt Make Me , Ill Still Be Tyuanna Without It
Running on fumes???
I'm getting a jersey. Steve cishek is the man. Go #marlins. Gnight
oh, you know, mimed fellatio, the usual...but seriously, that.
when dale & brennan do everything they can to not get anybody to buy their house >>>>
Anything for you.<3
That's a good thing.. I hope.. lol
We live in an incredible time...
Good luck, brother! Look for me in the beer garden after!
I love Hitch
There's also CLH - Cry Like Harry. What the actual fuck is that.
Keep those score updates coming! Much appreciated.
Leaving the gym feeling good studio time yeah!
The 'so popular' moment when some asks you for a followback ;D IT'S LIKE, OMG SOCIAL INTERACTION o;
Elements Therapeutic Massage is offering a $22 massage - You can't beat that! Only on www.crowdclick.com!
Check us out on iTunes!
Hope everyone's having a very productive Monday. Brush off those Monday blues, we're that much closer to the weekend. ;)
My mom kindly reminded me when she called to wish me happy birthday that "she was my age when she had me." Pushin' for those grandbabbies...
Either Holy Holy by Wye Oak or New Year's Eve by Tom Waits
Nice catch. That's hilarious.
I wanna have just one day where I can just sit in my sofa all day and pig out all day !!!!!!!
come to florida so we can meet <3333 if you came to suprise me for my birthday I would be like agdjhxeuebd .
just attended the International Gay and Lesbian Human rights commission awards. Article will appear on my blog on wens. What a great cause!
thanks for making me feel horrible about my self. ruined my day.
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
just think u can dress as a snowman for holloween
I had a lot of people ask me how much I got paid for my last project. They have me all wrong.
Thank you, my love!! I need the reassurance sometimes! :)
wow. RE: my friend's client drama. They tried to edit the non-imovie-compatible-footage in imovie...after being told it wouldn't work. SMH!
Off to be The Wizard!
Can't wait to go taste&chat w/ Alana, the owner of Tredici Market in Wayne this am. She's a alum like me
perfect idea. Maybe we can nail polish paint them. What's your favorite color sheeney.
Tells you what I know about Yanni. He hasn't sung yet. Means I bet Lauren Jelencovich will be featured. Soon I hope.
The "goodnight gaywad" text I just got from >
hey bro can you help out a fellow musician and boarder and follow me^^ Have a blast with the show bro
That was the best show yet! Zebs with the cast then back to the school at 9!
Of Course you know peeps there! :) I'm in. RT Oh! Let's visit Taiwan together! I know people there. ;)
Love the colors :D
Noticed that. Is it exhaustion or playing through pain?
Following back ;) RT :
Dinner club with and tonight (and our husbands)!
Chris Paul celebrity bowling invitational on espn. The voice of #mubb is calling the shots at the lanes.
Love the rain! It inspires me to be creative today. Great time to continue writing my screenplay.
I hope its just taking one player at a time not the Player wanting more money.
The militarys next top target should be to seek and destroy of copy of "Rumor has it" recording
#rememberwhen every nig wanted good hair so they got S curls
My mile time improved by two minutes! Never thought I'd run a mile. Next week, maybe I'll run two.
Our daily lives begin and end with gravity and our response to it determines how we will feel each day. Posture makes perfect.
Beautiful day in #atlanta. The possibilities are endless.
you can get around the Wikipedia block by disabling Javascript.
I would put the car in the garage tonight... Some hail is certainly a possibility.
I'm not sure I understand the question
Congrats Trevor, on your graduation!
Bo to disease!!
RT "Take risks. U are a lot better off being scared than being bored. #life #business #success"
#5Words We Must Live Laugh Love
Cattleman's NEW Late Night Burlesque Show, Burlesque 8801 shouted out on
dang it. lol my facebook keeps deleting. so it keeps deleting me as admin.
Avengers is staying on top for a good reason
Guess who beat my grandpa on a bet???
Stay tuned for details on Casting Call for Bonamour National Campaign
I just heard about Grimes last week, what a coincidence. She's got some good stuff going.
I want some of that gas or whatever is making Rob's voice all deep :D
Clarification, iOS 6 *announcement* at WWDC. Launch in the fall with the phone, like last year.
gin, sparkling wine and lemon. so tasty. so unexpectedly powerful.
shut up. He hit me first.
I can only imagine; it must be exciting indeed. I do wish you had won though.
Also, im probably not going to shower today either.
that moment when you go to retweet someone and their tweets are protrcted <<<<
i can see that you know
Interesting - what's your passion now?
Working on this new track it hella slap!! Haven't worked on a slapper in a minute!! Yeah Buddy!!
Let us look at each other at eye level and see that we are one of God's creatures destined to live in his grace and through His mercy.
it's a beautiful place that's where I like to go best Its much better then all the ones around here
At the Auburn Alehouse for lunch w/a new distributor. They serve our Pinot and viognier along with some great beers.
Am I ugly or Gud looking?
`_` not my day
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Million dollar dream for that cream im up all night!!!
yep. When is load in? Get it?
Been awhile since I thought about twitter- on 11/11/11, I signed the and am hoping to make it a part of my life.
Due to starting issues and parking complications we are having a repeat at union station today so if you missed us yesterday nows ur chance
i know but i want out >.> so bad <-Kelsey xoxo>
Art Directors with ad agency experience where are you? Contract assignments in Jax, FL. Get in touch
Did you know.... Today is "MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE" day. What are your dreams? What are you doing to make them come true??
yeah :D haha it's earlier than SMCS . Speaking of SMCS are you going to their graduation ? I heard they're doing HM (copiers)
RT : Good Morning Twitter I Will Have A Wonderful And Productive Day #TeamPositive !
lets fast forward two weeks. then ill be happy.(:
Congratulations to all of our GSBA and GSPA graduates. You did it!
AxeOff USA is Marketing!
I think I'll celebrate the life of Steve Jobs with the purchase of a new MacBook Air. I do believe he'd like that. Miss ya, Steve.
Locked him up fam! Don't act like there wasn't help all series! FOH!
Thanks for the follow! :)
Congratulations to 21st Century Diplomats & on being #83 in 's Top 100 Global Thinkers:...
gteat idea...see you on frday!!!!
RT : "I got to the point where I realized they 'intuitive' just means 'I like it'"
Dave Foxx is giving is a terrific primer on manipulating music at the #Summit 2011.
and how certain are you and that #oddneighbor isn't on the twitter?
Sorry guys no live tweeting tonight...but come on folks...you do not want to miss out.
I'm a rebel bitch , I'm blowin blunts !
#LMS for Kiss/Diss Smash/pass Rate/Date
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mommy and all the other moms <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2728>
Why is Summer the Best Time To Blog just Smell So Good www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
I don't know how to do my hair for prom tomorrow ):
"I never thought 'Sodapop Curtis' would announce my retirement"
that ESPN juggling commercial in the office is hilarious. U guys take classes or just really comfortable in front of cameras?
Learn 2 forgive! 4giveness is not 4 the transgressor, it's 4 u. You can never get 2 God's chosen path without willing 2 4give!
That's a good idea. I'd be much more sensitive to asking recent grads esp. with this economy/job market
ALL BY MYSELF, DON'T WANNA BE ALL BY MYSELF
Melanie Fiona's shoes are bad.
Schedule Change!!!... friday nite "Bunga Bunga Party" will play at nublu instead of Clark Gayton
Fun! Here's the idea. Anyone interested makes a video using LaDida, signs about www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com - we all vote on winner. :)
The new search is awesome. Very intuitive and great for building quick lists. Well done!
Should be studying for finals...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Simple is always better. Why complicate things. Why make something take longer to do in a world that is already pressed for time.
It's Christmas Eve-Eve and I still have shopping to do! Ugh! When do I reach the organized phase of life??
I just love eating 5 tacos... Feel like a fat ass
Thanx, it was great beer.
Jonathan-not sure if you're aware, but FB page for U of M lets you run action alerts to contact officials directly f/page
I hope so lmao
I'm a deputy marshal in the St. Patty's Day Parade tomorrow...pretty exciting!!!
please follow me!
Got family in town son! Gotta be good second weekend of fiesta...this won't be easy. lol
Don't you hate it when the person you're fighting with is your locker partner? :P
Tons of great things going on in #indy tonight; it's going to be a great weekend.
I am counting down the days until their farmer's market starts! Those lunch hours are going to be a lot more fun come June.
Wouldn't happen to want to share that Nike connection?
Curry came back for jr. year at Davidson to play point with Richards gone. McCollum will stay at SG at Lehigh because McKnight's back.
Want a chance to see Silversun Pickups at the Ames hotel? Keep listening...
congrats keep it rolling if ur looking for new talent would love to send u headshot/resume NY based aea/sag/AFTRA
its going to be okay and when you get off grab a drink and relax too
are you rooting for guys on your fantasy baseball team?
I have a headache THIS BIG and I hardly ever get headaches ...
Im sorry Im so far away, I wish I was in your class.
Sitting at a graduation in the same building I graduated from last year. Bittersweet.
Enso is on HGTV! as we speak!
What a shity turnover.
Love that song! Happy Easter!
I don't think this day could be worse
I love s Antoine walker shimmy on his free throws
Babies man, some people need to learn to grow up and be mature
I think I have a pizza hangover from last night.
reading twilight...
The good news: I got to my first Bulls game of the.season. The bad news: It was tonight.
Peace Day 2011 line up continues to grow! Wes Quave - LA Anthem (LA Lakers theme song) knows where he'll be on Saturday, May 14, 2011.
I only had 1st hour today because after I went to the nurse and I got set home sick
Having breakfast for lunch! Yummy!
I really have no idea!:) lol I don't even follow people I don't know so it's weird:p
Tweeting has returned!
Wow, just noticed Gameloft setting up shop in New Orleans. I would LOVE to work for a video game company down there.
There is only one thing i hate more than my unibrow and that is.. Being dropped off and not picked up on time.
Hey ! How come so many people got sodas but the cart never made it to our end of the plane? Can't wait for our return flight!
just got freaked out by a scrabbling sound in my bag, but it was just a piece of paper sliding around, not a rodent.
“HUNK” is a cold, silent, ruthless and devoid of emotion Umbrella Security Service operative.
I can't wait to see & tonight :) love those girls so much <3
Wishes he could 'park' his debt in someone else's account like UW Tech did. :)
Oh dear lord. Stop it. TIME sucks!
She Want Get Wet For You! But For Me She Swimmin' Pool!
Don't understand why won't give me a celebrity "verified" check?! Don't they know who I am??!!!
We may yet see the market manipulators pull the DOW back up above zero.
For the strength of the Pack is a wolf and the strength of the wolf is the pack.
I love dancing haha
Paul McCartney's new wife Nancy Shevell is independently wealthy and can stand on her own two feet
that is what the retweet button does..It's a good thing!! i'll teach u some apps that let u add a comment b4 u RT!!
Lol. Big Show gave Cody a taste of his own medicine :D
july 6 , 2013 : the day ill see my beautiful hubby , harry , in person <3
hey bro! can u plz follow me back!> :)
Thanks for joining our team!
Children's Hospital serving breakfast! What's your favorite breakfast food?!
The field trips keep rolling in! Nice timing, because Spin: The Science of Rotation is only here through Sun 5/15. Check it while you can!
You can feel good about this one !!! Cats will roll out the Tide !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!
you can't win with just 3 players and at that your down to 2 uh oh
it will come. Know you are working hard at it.
the right instagram filter has a way of making even the most heinously colored confections look lovely
yeahh where you from ??
Best acceptance speech of the night goes to Dave Grohl. Dude keeps it real.
Coronation Street star Simon Gregson has dyed his hair pink to help raise money for a cancer charity.
I really loved watching eaton and lane midnites! Wasn't big fan of the originals though..battles with rock n roll were awesome!
Do you backup your data online? If not, I recommend SOS Online solutions. It's a great program and competitively priced....
what type of sick lie are you believing? me? skinny? wrongoooooooooo
me too, mine dates back to the iTools days!
HAPPY BORN DAY!!!!!
Have a great weekend everyone!
its a cool movie though
wise words
Drumline led by Cee Lo Green emerges, and Madge flies into stripped-down "Express Yourself." I wanted more of that!
how do they get shout-outs!!?
The race is about to happen! #anxious I better win!
yeah right! I needed all day to recover.
always a good time in the "funk zone". Can't wait till The Independent comes out on Thursday.
Christian Maundy Thursday vs. Wikipedia's Muslim Administrators
Late lunch on Mass Ave. Loving the Drunken Chicken & Maque Choux!
As soon as your ex sees you smiling, that's the minute they want you back.
Lakers play The Celtics in a few hrs! Hope it's like old times
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :((
cheer up princess<3 theres very few girls like u out there, your special & loved, a lot of people love u I bet, including me(: dw
my bad wrong harry clicked the wrong button sorry
The only thing stopping you from making a film is you! How much time do you have to make your career dreams come true?
I will teach you how to tweet, or else Glen will. :)
loading new songs for the race tomorrow! gonna be cold! I'm having second thoughts now lol!
Must follow the UW Madison board: The Many Moods of Bo Ryan!
happy bday toots!!!!
The Class of 1846:From West point to Appomattox
George Clooney,I must agree was the only one who deserved the award,in that bad list of nominees.Alex Payne makes great movies.
Gasparino on Fox denying $JPM trades were prop trades. Nothing to see poor saps. Quick look over here - Breaking: Car Chase!
Draw something with ahlisa. Hahah, It's so sloppy on the bus.
miss the t town!
Guess what is right around the corner? Sunshine and kickball.
Say What #heat got their a$$ whooped ? Ha
Good Morning Everyone!
I am!!! Rt": Who's watching the fight tonight? #themoneyteam"
am I invited?
Patron: Would an International Harvester 1957 R120 truck be able to haul an elephant? Archivist: African or Asian?
“: Gingrich on his weight: "God wanted me to be a bear and not a gazelle."He says he's fine but knows he should lose weight.
I'm tired and stressing cause my dad has surgery tomorrow so glad this is the last of his surgeries tomorrow
fever, soar throat, throwing up,
Mama Darlene () on the hunt for a disposable grill to feed the family. We still in here y'all.
Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill is very progressive; cld set up buses to Charlotte DNC convention for demo.
Guess what dumbass left their car window open last night? This one!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
City Walk is like a mini version of Vegas c:
Complimentary tickets to Paul Rabinow's Anthropos of Modernity lecture at Schnitzer Concert Hall on May 26, 2011, 7PM for Staff and Students
of course I do! No pain no gain haha
Where do you find these interesting papers?
Hot roller girl nerds? Yes please.
RT : The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Peale
LIES. All jerks, all the time.
What did u think? Wasn't it was odd how great the A's thought Nick Swisher was? Solid player, but not the next big thing...
Hey What was your word of the day on Friday?
can you please email me?
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy *stomps the floor*
Yes, because those things are actually related.
Omg guise~
Can someone please tell me what in the world Cottage Cheese is....?
..and kirsten.
Like 20 songs written for a possible 6 song EP! It's ben a hell of a writing process.
AIM = the original Facebook/Twitter status
It's snowing in Albuquerque!
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Tonight is a ukulele night.
Steven Jo is a damn fool.....
Such a long night. Had fun partying with , , and
Going over Ben Franklin's terms for being drunk! made me laugh but forgot my favorite - halfway to concord.
I don't know are you with gabe?
I didn't say y'all so you sound dumb..I was speaking to everyone who does that..
Remember life before the internet, when we went outside and did stuff?? Oh those were the days :)
I never had such a hot date!!!! You looked beautiful!
I need to buy the DVD!
Thanks Gates to Badger tailgate just opened. Beautiful day in California!
No shaving cream... I guess this means its gonna be a long day at work
Listen to lil wayne
I think it's called Scream... I'm not completely sure.
Deactivated my Facebook for a little bit. Stupid sister. Might reactivate it tonight.
The moment Sophomore Review is over I'll be a happy woman.
beats working anyday!
The Insane Clown Posse have been just a little too quiet lately.
Hey Troy
I also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
yeah because Fox news would report that Bush authorized training a terrorist org. Because that is SUCH a Fox news thing to do!
#pizzatweetup may see the Twitter debut of the tonight.
I'm going to come early in the mornings. Ughh going to be a drag
I've been good trying to live life, how you been
I went to the hard rock last nite if you would saw the custom that I have. Last nite you would crack up so hard and look at me
working on some big projects for our spring/summer line... including our first lookbook and another website overhaul! evolution of a brand.
I wanted to give it another try. 1st word of dialogue in Ep5? Yep, "Jake."
When I was 21, it was a very good year.
RT : A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be somewhere else.
In college, we'd get 40 oz. bottles of Olde English 800, drink down to the top of the label, fill back up w/ OJ and called it Brass Monkey
Omg at the fake taylor kinnys tweets ... LMAO
Is there anyone other than AT&T that offers good cell phone coverage through the Gorge and in Carson?
A survey last year revealed that the 18-34 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising. Are you using both?
He's back ;) x Call me later please.
Tried to make words move up the paper by scrolling with my finger - like on a phone or tablet. You're so dirty.
Find me on Facebook
Haven't read that one. Will give it a try. my favorite was Travels.
Haha whataya think of the finale?
You're right. Peaches are jucier!
hell yeah! : dats deff a CRAFT
But seriously, that news story bandwagon left the station last December. PS I checked for them in a hotel i was at recently.
I thought today was opening day for the Fantasy Focus? I don't know what is going on, but I'm blaming PodVader
imma let you pick something out before Xmas homie I got you!
brings joy to so many people everyday. He has devoted his life to making others happy. Who else can say that?
Could you two take it to a chat room? It's starting to nausiate me...
we prayed for you tonight at church. May God bless you! This is the year of greater things for you!
By the way, one isn't "old": repeat after me: "I am ageless and eternal.".
how yo weak ass know?!
My mom's proud of me for fighting off prescription medicine side effects with natural remedies…
you like Bret Easton Ellis too? You are a man of impeccable taste.
i know i wish yaw could have came to bw3
To the chicks never plan a future with someone who has no future plans for themselves.
Dylan can fill you in on all the details.
the moment wen I revisit why I act the way I do wen u get the fake ass handshakes knowing nothing ever going 2 come from it.
Truck driver delivers third roadside baby
if we told you then we'd have to kill you ;) just keep a look out for our fabulous marketing team
then no reply lol, im really going to bed on that one!
where was my invite! :)
holy fuck ray allen boston down 2
Thanks for the pointer! Curious when more researchers might be able to imagine working w/such imaging
The Weather Channel was just playing Jurassic Park music on their local forecast thing. I should watch the weather at midnight more often...
Testing a YouTube plugin for Adobe Connect this morning... plays great now... inner panic rising about playing it "live"
Congrats! Go you!
MATC student login is down for maintenance...fingers crossed that its because they are posting every1s fafsa award.
Robin, I love to watch Dr. Phil show. Also the way he holds your hand, the love in his eyes for you @ sat the end of the show
awesome! , happy to chat.
The worst partvabout school is waking up early, besides that i dont mind
I got #1 girl and Valentines Girl on my iPod Touch
are you as awesome as I think you are ?
How do girls who all upward inflect their sentences all find each other?
Met two wonderful business men today! Young,black,and on they A game. I love it! Let's get it!
write about that on your blog. She had dumps like a truck truck truck
On my way to the studio and then for a full day with !
Gave a talk abt the City Archives at for their Family and Local History series. Lovely audience with lots of great questions!
bby I'm sure you did great. ;-*
The MGMAT Guide 1 Number Properties really hurts my deeply.
An indoor trampoline world? Yes, please!
you rang?
Favorite Bands:
Will you take me to see breaking dawn this weekend!????! Pretty please!
My mom ohh God wat am i going to do
Bro... I'd give your wife half? Is that straight??
did u follow the people who asked u last night on tinychat???
thanks for checking out my song :) means a lot!
I'm not wanted here. Awk
#hth2012 "a race to acquire and control data assets" (O'Reilyy on Web 2 business models)
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1804 the U.S. Congress ordered the removal of #Indians east of the #Mississippi to
thomas,louis, julian and i need friends gor them and i need four emenies that are girls
seriously none of the guys I went out with ever meant it well yeah long story don't really like talking about it..
What color?
Alex Being A Jackass !!!
You are never bugging me. I am excited for you and proud of you. Glad you were excited about your award.
Bored = eating anything around
I hope that doesn't become a habit. lol
next week.
hi. you're awesome. :3
I guess, but it doesn't break out author in gargantuan way. These bks wur alr sell well & had tons of public.
She in stripclub She doing a handstand
Did you switch your domain provider? Who'd you choose?
great seeing you yesterday. Glad you're back in the states, but you should have kept the "South of the Border" 'stache...
Welcome coach Golden to the UM family!
thank you! Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Score like Peyton Manning! 1st person 2 tell us which Super Bowl P. M. was voted MVP will recieve 96% off any of our tours.
Monroe what's up??
Can't decide whether #Ruffles or #WavyLays are better...it seems like they're basically the same thing...
Love the Crooked Ale's HH!
Today is s quote tweeting day
"Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep" ~Catherine O'Hara
hope friends in TX are ok “: Internet more reliable way to communicate than cell phones/txt msgs in a weather emergency.”
Could be his kid splooging on it.
Jesus Christ Lady GaGa followed me on my old account but refuses to follow me.
Sounds fun. Wish I could have joined you two! :)
we have labels - I meant you might not! ha I played basketball and I was always a great swimmer though I didn't compete you?
No problems yet today gota thank da lord for dat
Tom T. Hall will be at tomorrow night...and so will I.
#NBA biggest fear the hot Spurs reach finals.
I just realized the song stuck in my head is by #onedirection. Fml.
didn't Tara Hunt do that a few years ago? I would buy tickets to the Stacey Hood world tour :D
e a ah ahh
Lovely weather in Sacramento! Feel like getting into some lightweight trouble ;-)
#WhiskerWars was awesome thanks for aiming the public eye at us IFC!!! Btw Austin did not win the 2015 WBMC, but we are looking for 2017!!
= high roller ... No waiting for him at O'Hare like us mere mortals
Unfortunately the "minute" part of CVS minute clinic does not refer to the wait...
and can't wait to see you guys tomorrow!! Going to be amazing...
And keep your fingers crossed...had to check the snare. Almost had to check the cyms too, but I wouldn't let United take 'em.
Hey Oscar. How do you like McLaren chances for tomorrow?
John's Incredible Pizza in Beaverton is INCREDIBLE! Buffet, games, rides and so much to look at. Beer and wine too. Highly recommend. A+
Yup. Same author. Looked into that one too but stuck w/ the personal profiles. Very informative book. Bought a few posters too!
i gotta fuckin work in the morning -_-
I try to be supportive, but you wont let me.
I've been playing this game of checking and unchecking tracks to sync to my 30GB i P h o n e, but it's getting impossible.
of course I care! <3 ^_^
Subway must have introduced a new Genius feature, because they just suggested I might like a drink with my sandwich
No work for me today x)
She Still Loves You Too!
Friday's #Fashiontini benefits the Boys & Girls Club of San Antonio! Congrats to the new Director of Development, Zuani Villarreal!
poor- when you have to much month left at the end of your money
SPN fans love their boys. ;-)
"Every beautiful girl has an ugly friend. If you don't have one than your the ugly friend" your the ugly friend
Why are all the booties I love 4.5 - 5 inches high? That'd put me at 6'4", which is really just unnecessary.
Thankful to have that at least. I'm going to the NCPH conference, which has a digital projects showcase that I'm excited for.
I forget when I've not worn my in a bit, just how comfy it is.
have fun in the chi
There are plant chicks?
On the hunt for a toile print men's sweatshirt….maybe some Kehinde Wiley style new age toile….
Walked out of the house this morning and left my lunch bag sitting on the table. Hello Monday.
You who is reading this YEAH you come and save me from English class >.< PLEASE
Hi Craig. Shoutout from Philly. Follow me
SO TRUE!!! RT : Customers dont have lack of technology problem. Its a lack of sustainable business model problem.
'cunt' is my favorite word!
My grandmother had some pretty cute stories, too, about how all the girls swooned over him in his uniform.
Thank you for all of your help designing our site. You're awesome!!!!
On a field trip to the Tidal Basin with 7 adults for my 20 first graders. That ratio might be enough to ensure my sanity.
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
God! If it wasn't late start I wouldn't of missed the twitcam!
No video/pics. Multiple police headed fast going north on 122nd. But well past Stark. Police/ambulance headed east on Stark.
Watching the waterboy talk about a
It's Dia De Las Madres in Mexico today! Happy Mother's Day to all of my Mexican mothers celebrating today!
Nomads new album "No Magic" is amazing and comes to your favorit label early december!
Love me some pickled okra
not at all cause its not like the smell in my apartment was any different
<U+266C> Re-release of "In The Words of a Song" cdbaby.com/cd/BobJames2 only available as download, also from I-Tunes, Amazon, Last.FM, Rhapsody <U+266C>
Single.. RT if you single
ill go with ya ;)
I hear they'll give you seconds on the house. I'm yet to try. Gotta make another SF trip. Need an excuse.
yeah. exactly. Thanks
I did
Who's having an awesome Tuesday???
Have you ever dated a guy that took out his front teeth at dinner
Miami got this.... the bulls cant handl'em! aha
I'm going to Disneyland today. That's all.
theres hope and dreams and then there's reality. AJ sucks.
RT : We will so be there!!! Love the Carlyle. You must visit me next time you're in town!
Cushing Academy get rid of all their books: replaces them with ereaders. Headmaster likens books to scrolls.
not exactly. You're not promised a tomorrow.
Weekend Pick: 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar from 5pm - 6pm & Comedian John Pinette at The Improv Comedy Club from 8pm - 9pm!
Best deals EVA....Stop by!
RT : RT : Glad to see Councilmember Emerald and Senator Kehoe at breakfast tax measure discussion.
>When falls asleep with the tv on.
how come your not coming to Boston? :/
thanks will keep trying
Im so flattered.
Green Sleeve Ads, Outside The Box Advertising & Promotions that eliminates traditional 3rd Party Publications .
Always love having empowering calls with my fellow artists, they are a blessing!
I don't want people who want to dance; I want people who have to dance. ~George Balanchine
With everything going on in our world, what do you feel are some things the individual can do to best bring about positive change?
Txting in my ear<
@ NullFear Aye aye captain.
Forbes would be a good idea. Has a good financial head.
: can you two help me get the ux chat off the ground? hoping you can join and spread the word. what say? thx
Cheap uniforms for your company, market your business with printed tees and embroidered polos. Call 954-245-8380
i love my car.
just in case..:) lol im not gunna annoy him tho this is the last night ill ask aha but 330 524 8771
Good and how are you dear?
for a second i was like she unfollowed me n followed me again!?!?! Then I realized u made a new one hahaha
can't wait. When is the next show?
writing basically 1,000 words a minute
Actually bro, I feel all that you are saying. There are also some young people 5th graders,
Who are your top 5 in the #KyDerby? Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
wtf lol that makes no sense we dont look alike
met Teodosii Spasov after his performance at Symphony Space. The concert was amazing!
on to our second stop: Klay Oven
Now what?
apparently Giant is the cool place to go on a Saturday night in langhorne
RT if you've earned big #cashback rewards this week!
Invicible with hot Mark Wahlberg was the #1 movie this day in 2006. I love football and I love Mark. Great movie!
Im slowly turning into an alcoholic...
#ThatOnePersonWho knows the right things to say in order to cheer you up.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I look forward to the short week. Besides thingstododc site for the weekend coming up, any other major sites for info for the coming wknd?
Yeah. It remains the principal reason why most of us fall in love.
oh yes it definitely should be!! I lived there for a while and my parents still do. So much to see!
My dad gets to go to pheonix and I just sit here in boring Indiana all springbreak
congrats to your boys. The better team won.
your welcome ;) <3
Brothers home a doing very well.
my dreams can't get any weirder
Surf at Swamis was great. Stay classy San Diego.
Was at wrk had fun whoo!!!!! Im glad God is makn way for me
If ur a threat, u get talked about...if ur a lame, u get ignored.
#Doyouthinkitsweird That people talk so much BS bout you, When they only thing they know bout you is your name??
I have planned on attending next year already...we need to get DJ on board
Circus shot by & an And1
hm........ Already had something sweet from Mcdonalds.....
Miami's bipolar weather <
congrads...Are they still hiring and is it the one over here in Uptown
Really digging Rihanna's new song Where Have You Been (:
Palm Beach Parenting is looking for Palm Beach County MOMtrepreneurs! Tell us about your business www.palmbeachparenting.com
Making moves
Love V...best show ever....
hello there Joey here I would love to hear you sing.
only Natural Light...because it's natural...and it's light.
He was so close to home. :(
modern family. You entered yours in sundance? Didn't know you could enter specs!
If you check out some of the new movies this weekend be sure to share your thoughts. =)
And I shut the game off why? *bangs head *
Im Be Cooling It !
RT "After the Titanic sank, rich people got their revenge by spending the last hundred years melting all the icebergs."
Damn you mass effect!!! I'm just now going to bed!!
Good morning on the first weekend of December 2011! The countdown to 2012 begins.
RT he should tho, bruins love bill wisdom we have confirmed with Bill Walton that he DOES NOT have a twitter account.
Apparently one the Flaming Lips kids goes to my kiddos school. Thought I recognized that guy...
Midlakes Basketball: Very much going to miss this group of seniors...great kids. Hopefully they can go out with one last home win!!
Can we not be together but still like watch movies and kiss and talk and shit?
you welcome
Yeah. And it's true. And it sucks.
have a great day hope everything is great for you
We all have our bad games. We just gotta learn from our mistakes & try to improve on them.
Tonight's WINTER BENJY NIGHT. Hockey! Food! Drinks! Colleagues! More Hockey! We'll see you there.
“: Adding great breweries to #EABF daily. Today's adds: and #craftbeer” Happy to be a part!
you know like... bored by
hell yeah!!!! I like my heart on high! Lol
I agree 100% :(
Ted Eugene!!!
I wonder if Michigan will manage to miss winter this year.
Just wanted to tell you I appreciate your early morning tweets. In many cases its how I "hear" about the news of the day.TY!
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars Rookie WR/PR Cecil Shorts is expected to be the primary punt returner this season.
I heart everyone
Fuck foam soap.
Follow - Amazing Project by / Are you Weird? Check it out and see for Yourself:)
The HP P4000 now has parity based Network RAID that can improve capacity efficiency by 50%
Really can't stand either one
You on the program?
If I knew then, what I know now, I'd fall in love.
we drinking this weekend?
that's fine :)
came across an interesting headline from an issue of The New York Post (TC316) dated 2/15/80: "U.S. Secretly Arming the Afghan Rebels."
No but seriously my phone has been dead besides 1 or 2 people. And I like texting people :3
RT GREAT GAME TORREY..TERPS ALL DAY, PRO BOWL NEXT YEAR Thankful for a safe flight...I still love my team
aww congrats to him!
that's when the NBA trade deadline is so, it is a boy.
can you do me a favor? :)
Might open up my apartment for a Field of Dreams viewing party.
having split personalities would help with being so busy.
can sing REALLY WELL!! RT if you love his beautiful voice
#ThingsIDislike shallow people
Wow! Sorry to hear that! Get better soon. =)
Going to my nieces graduation <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Loving 's graduation cap.
Rough night for the Rangers...we'll get em' tomorrow night!
Is Manu an all time top 10 shooting guard in hoops history? I say yes. What say you? (Taylor)
$15 for Fried Green Tomatoes. The Labyrinth. Patch Adams & What Dreams May Come. SCORE!! I love the $5 bin! :)
Ugh so sick of bullshit i swea....
Straight chillin after a good workout :D
You will get great results in the gym only going once in awhile......
#Bengals lack of running game is killing them. Don't forget Dalton is still a rookie.
Being gay isn't a sin. You love who you love.. You can't control your heart.
I love talking to you
I just noticed that 8th grade kid Ryan Boatright USC basketball and Tim Floyd offerd a scholy to is going to be a frosh in college at Ucon
Today IS going to be a great day! Hope everyone has one too!
Tweet 1 - more to come...
where the fuck is my peporioni
Yes! Lookin' good, sir!
My UK Sales were up 400% last month.
Love the name!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
Once again banging my head against my desk. I should get used to this as this will probably be the routine for a little while longer
Free cookies till the sun goes down! Come into the shop and get some! Start your 4/20 weekend early and get Baked! FOR FREE!
Hard to leave out Cannonball for sure! Maybe I should revise to Top 6.
Long-awaited desk time has been cut short due to a client request for an urgent meeting. Desk, I miss you.
Have not eaten since brunch. Might be catching up w me now. Ugh…
Anecdotally, I think it's right, but I wonder if there's a study.
yeah man you too!
He ain't even got on 2chainz , hypocrite ... Lol
Happy Birthday stranger
Heritage Harbour supervisor suggest selling water pipeline - Chicago Tribune
Proud to be a part of the Houston Shuttlebration team. Big events coming to Space Center Houston June 1 & 3.
Awesome. RT : Hey! We're going the be at this year serving v60 and iced coffees.
Does yours have the new kill switch in it?
She gives me all her lovvveee.but only half the timee
I hate when mothafuckas b around the bush if u have sumthing to say then say it.......
getting off the horror topic, haha... Think Djoke can win the remaining slams this year?... French is gonna be hard!!!
Whatever happen to forever?.
Wow, this night lol
Usage note: The adjective "funky" may be applied to music and odors only.
you should tweer You are her idol and she's one of my best friends. It would make her day. :)
Yhu welcome a promise is a promise :T
I LIKE TURTLES
you have nathan. and why would you do that..?
haha what a coincidence
Lot's of fans are anxiously awaiting the flash back feature to see it for ourselves. Lol.
Gettin on FB every 5 min to see if he's online... Yeah I kinda like this guy a lot. :')
Wondering what to eat today.... Suggestions??
Everyone catch Humans Vs Zombie on Chiller tonight? Thoughts?
goodnight friends
god bless you and may flights of angels guard you while you rest!
O_o RT I wudn't be mad If my 28-Year-Old Teacher Took my Virginity In the closet of the classroom .
I can real late to her 100%
Is there a surgical procedure to help the anal-cranial inverted? I seem to have met a great number of them lately.
I bet half you idiots rt-ing that post about Hank Williams Jr. don't even know who Hank Williams is. Fools.
check out my zombie apocalypse survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
place your vote for you favorite cover for next months issue @ aznightlife.com
Funk U begins 11/11/11 @ the Tonic Tavern in Bay View. Prepare to get schooled!
yes - traditional mysteries rich in food porn and local atmosphere!
#ItsHardTo forget someone that has been your friend for forever
tell Morgan to get Twitter then. And to the milk comment, I can say it how I want since I've milked cows.
can I get a RT? trying to find a place to watch the Bills beat the Pats in London this weekend!
My bus comes in 5 minutes so bye peeps love you guys!! (:
puts me in the same boat!
wanna talk now? :))
I can't spot you with you're new haircut
I'm also "tweeting at the news" again. People are so whiny!
Woo time for #TheVoice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
have fun in the Netherlands! I miss that city
When I feel like this, I just wanna get dolled up and leave this house.
i think Ramone was serious when he said they were married.
Ima need to text me <U+E40B>
speedin' in the lane as if I had a quarter, my bitch ridin shotgun, a pizza and a cola
because its good ass shit bro..and you need to suck up for all this youporn chatter!
thanks Rodney
Friday is an excellent day for pizza.
Who has seen #TheLuckyOne ?
Rain delay yesterday, he didn't come back out last night after, so they let him out of his crib to play again today
Definitely! They fell apart like a deck of cards. I was so annoyed, I couldnt even speak. lol
THIS = STOLEN hahahahahahah i weird like that!!!!!!!!
Ohmygod I love life. I love it so much.
True, true. A person is smart, people are stupid. Group-think will be the end of us all.
Just rolled a phatie na its tyme to ride to Pluto n Mars
excuse me while i cry in a corner.....living aaaaalllllllll the way in HAWAII = NO tickets for me :(
Cloudy days blow because they reveal my sunglasses habit has more to do with puffy eyes than sun glare.
oh yea I forgot! lol
And eating lunch :)
is that a new "lovey"? Poor steffi
your welcome!:D
it ain't you. It ain't you
love you doll
Celebrating Thanksgiving in Nashville and feeling so, very thankful for all the wonderful people in my life.
#whoispaulmccartney That is pathetic. This generation...
Hey Andy! I'm off to Nepal for a trek, back to the US around Nov 1, so we'll do the skype-y thing when I get back! Surely!
Once in a while tight in the middle of an ordinary life it gives us a fairytale u r my fairytale please take me back
Your empathy is appreciated. :)
Need volunteers at Kohl Center tonight for Badger Mens Game. You can just show up. Starting at 6.
My thoughts and prayers are with Mike Tyson with loss of his baby girl!
I'll have to try it. Thanks for sharing.
This issue won't be solved anytime soon.
We were so happy last night :(
and pajama pants
I didn't get to sleep in on my first Saturday off. But, I did get to hit up Bdubs with some brothers :)
Pre-holiday I made task lists and timelines for the new years
think first then tweet
Resisting the urge to stay in bed all morning and heading to the gym
Loving the #Lutherville #Maryland shoutout in this week's #MadMen!
Its one of the girls on my floors bday, so her friends sister is out of town so were using her house keg and Jelloshots!
love Sibelius, use it for all my charts.
I agree about Wiltjer...but he must improve his foot speed. He has great instincts but seems to always be a step behind.
Just because you have made mistakes does not mean you are a mistake.
Still deciding what sports to play for high school & scholarships to sign up for.
Yes it is overrated. I am glad I was able to get a lot of q's in. It was always great to see you in PGH and we really miss you.
Financial well-being is simply not thinking about money you haven<U+0092>t earned, to buy things you don<U+0092>t need, to impress people you don<U+0092>t like
So, I was shaving yesterday morning and I had a muscle spasm. I ended up accidentally pressing too hard on the blade...
Heading to #inaug09. Glenmont Metro had no lines at 7:45, but it's standing room only after Takoma Park.
So glad our presentation is over! Bridges we're built and I'm sure we promoted lots of understanding...
who cares! Shave it all.
Really? That's weird. I don't know what tagged is lol
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted. We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
uf is big and confusing. super nice tho
Mellow boring night in Chicago, what's everyone else up to?
"Have you ever stopped to think how many tears you shed for someone who did not deserve even a smile? (Demi Lovato)
Come on Month.
will u be at Ou/tx sat?
Leftover beer from yesterdays tailgate = sunday funday
It pays over 2/1 Man Utd, Man City, Real Madrid and Blackpool but im not sure
We look forward to seeing you!
You're the dog ;)
Who is buying the HTC One S tonight? How are you obtaining this hot device?
#favmoviequote Everything that was ever said in Mean Girls
oh this is gotta be the good life<3
some solid investments
People say God gave me Reese because I'm special--sucks...BUT I'm starting to really believe God thinks I rock!!!!!
The #OccupyWallStreet movement has come to Michigan. Saw protesters outside my Public Library here. Rock on, guys.
Good Luck
balance and composure shall fix my mood
"People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning."~ Dennis the Menace
I love the way you lie... Haha JUST KIDDING! If you lie to me again, I will throw a brick at your face.
When you go out to eat plz tip your server, they'll probably remember you if you come back ; )
#IDidntTextYouBack because you said we weren't friends earlier.
if you mean the cardinals..they are doing what they do best...not throwing the ball to Larry every play like they should!
In a bad mood with
Evil landlord of the morning: Trying to charge a 75 year old woman $5000 to get rid of bedbugs. Yeah, 1st 15 minutes of the day.
Don't be. That's probably the greatest compliment I've ever given to a woman.
I agree. One of my favorite things about the end of the year is thinking about the next one.
your from La, right? Haha
they'll call b4 the day ends!
KENTUCKY! GO BIG BLUE! Nobody develops Pros like Calipari 5 lottery picks in two seasons at UK. 9 players Drafted in two years
Whats your E mail again?
agreed, #topclass organization!
#Word. RT : Deeply touched by all things spiritual and mystical
I promise to get checked in 2011. Thanks for the inspiration !
Or the slap on the wrist that the #Patriots got for #Spygate !
Maroon 5 would be a great show.... have you ever seen them live?
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 17
looks like you just figured that out.
COCKTAILS you say, say no more ===> we'll have to get a cocktail next time I'm in town! :)
Thanks for the
Thanks for the plug!
Happy New year everyone :)
Congrats ILS 8th Grade basketball teams on your wins!!! AWESOME :)
The kids are watching Scooby Doo and the are investigating a computer virus. Shaggy is wearing a tunic....
So what was/is the translucent gelatin? is it harmful?
I just did (:
I saw. Could not be happier.
high-school
Me, a comedian? You... "can't take me seriously"? Well, I demand a refund, oh wait...I have not paid you for your opinion..... so F**K OFF!
This summer, I'm going to split my wordcount quota. 2k on Technomage books, and 1k on Nimbus. Each day. Will blog in spare time.
#g-ma askd me how my day was ... i said i had a #grape day ....103%
Watchin the "So Random" with Cody Simpson as guest star! Aaahh!
#QNA #ANQA What does the bacon hawk mating call sound like?
winding down after #EMchat tonight, bud. How about you? How are all your girls?
Noticed that GitHub auth tokens are deprecated in v3 API, are you planning on updating defunkt/hub to use v3 soon?
talk to her!
even worse its a swimsuit team of dudes!
This quote is in my head this morning "Knowing who you are keeps changing like it should"
Thank you! I am thrilled for this opportunity to play my part in making wishes come true.
hey my friend! Im great how r u??
Just restarted my computer for the fifth time. I should never have shut down last night. Sigh. (sorry mike)
over break HELL yes
now accepting hanger donations. Please deliver to bedroom
"I'm not telling you it's going to be easy, I'm telling you it's going to be worth it." via | Champion THIS cause,
Should be available to buy wednesday. First come first serve on the first batch. We'll let you know!
I think you are correct. RT : I think we should go clubbing.
Good luck to the best desk neighbor I ever had!
lol ok what about just to hang out
I joined the 25 lb club on Sunday, and with another loss on my weigh in today, I have currently lost 31.2 lbs. So happy right now!
#FF have an amazing weekend
is proud to be fresh meat (a rookie) in the Rocky Mountain Roller Girls league in Denver, CO. What a great community of women!
How to Keep Buyers Happy with Internet Marketing Customer ...
Thanks to our new followers -- Hope to see you all at next week's event
its good
I anticipate more squealing/squeaking laughter!
Physicians are looking to affiliate with hospitals that have adequate capital, among other characteristics.
Happy birthday justinbieber
I dont have a boyfriend, but best believe my wedding is planned
Ha, love how you both thought it was a bike. Alas no, it was a car. I'd much prefer replacing a bike tire.
Come on guys, we are in the PEACE academy.
Thank you:)
Fainting Dragons would be pretty adorable.
Tough subject but I'm glad you covered it! I wonder what the grammatical future holds in store in this regard.:)
It's the only one I can think of!
no your are bro
I got lucky and scored a extra ticket from my boy haha screw finals
Love you J! Hope you had a great NYE! Miss you
It was me! Ryan! hahahahaah
Congrats to Yu Solve cast member for his Award Nomination for Best Sidekick :)
Finally got me a Nook!! Love it!! Also got me Nook cover!!! Awesome
Seeing Hunger Games at The Vista! A charming little film, I hear.
good and you.?(:
:/ RT Reports of men shooting at each other at Alameda/Ramblewood in N Baltimore; Foxtrot confirms suspect w gun fleeing.
Time Tip Tues: It is estimated that 294 billion e-mails are sent each day, with about 75% of that number considered spam. Do you have a...
has a crab benny on a corn biscuit that is AMAZING! Today is going to be a great day! Thanks !!
funny thing is i was thinking the same thing
thanks for the support
No matter who you are, chances are you know at least one person if not more who has been sexually abused & needs to talk.
Ice cold water is weak. Too cold. Slightly chilled or room temperature is the only way to drink it.
x: well as a diploma? x: and what a diploma, everything is much more important problems are solved: how much vodka to take the final ...
Major announcement from Peter West is posted on Western View (www.peterwestonline.com/blog). It will only be up until midnight!
I love staring at hot guys.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle xx
Back from Midtown ATL... Saw some girl fights, some falcons players...ah, this shit cray :)
CU Buffs, enough is enough!!
Porter asks: What if we came together under umbrella of non-profit controlled by libraries to deal with publishers re ebooks?
What do you like about chart-topping phenom 's music?
loved NASA PSA for Arthur Christmas on Boxee
Remember to enter! #DecktheDorms and you could win a copy of FSG just in time for Christmas!
Just happy I woke up this morning and have another day ahead me
#thatmomentwhen someone that you indirectly talk about on twitter follows you so you can't talk about them anymore...
Specials today! Tasty Hungarian Sausage for $5 bones. Oatmeal & Brown Suga Blondies. 2qtr lb Polish Beef or Regular Beef for $6 bones.
"I'm just gonna go ahead and say it okay, 'SHIT!'"
RT : OOC: 'The Dinner Party' Best Episode This Season!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
um are u gonna go all the way up to 90? lol :-)
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!
I really wanna get inked up at this very moment...
Classic game MELO's having 2day...damn!!!
So sick of light rail construction on University Avenue! Hello...one hour commute home 10 miles!
Gotta stop the bleeding early Lakers!
hey girl
At the game with ! Got to chat with my buddies Roberto Kelly and BamBam Meulens during bp
i'm still editing ashes, my neck hurts, my yoga ball is losing air
#MoneyFromStrangers is the funniest thing ever! I would be perfect for this show!
thank you buddy, looking forward to yours too!
The most attractive quality of a guy is when they are up front with girls (:
There are many flavors to try including rum, vodka, spicy beer and most important wine
Hahahaa!! Not my words. They are Freehills words.
VIP supercross tickets >>>>>>>
ohh damn what's it about?
Omg I just found a place that I want to go for my birthday!! It looks so fun!! :D
shares space with and it's buzzing with mock interviews this am. #Jobs end homelessness.
Great to hear your making progress! I would love to get together sometime soon.
Principal just called. One of Vic's assistant teachers was killed this morning on her way to school. So sad. Worried about Vic.
Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day! Awesome way to play with your history and benefit
Who would be interested in being able to purchase another one of our songs on I Tunes for only 99 cents?
waiting for ur slow self!
hah alright. and maybe its just me but nobody will take you seriously if u cant spell.
Pick up shots this coming Friday! The Wailing Team
J. cole doesn't look 100% retarded yet, but that solid unibrow and collapsed teeth make me think his chromosome count is odd.
dumb bitch is coming to my church's festival this weekend.... -_- DIE BITCH DIE
Anyone in #RVA have a drywall lift/hoist I could borrow this weekend?
apparently you haven't been following Geraldo's moronic twitter feed. You'll get it then
Only if by helping one means, "increasing the margin by which he will be defeated."
Congrats, all u first timers! RT felt my first earthquake today! i cheered & my coworkers laughed at me. still stoked about it!
Yup, pond study for the next two weeks. Lots of shrieks and amazement over microorganisms
Throw his ass off the ring LOL
yeah. i hear yah.
BarCamp Boston 6 today - been looking forward to this,...
Can't wait to get on here and see everyone talking crap about West Virginia and Marshall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I need to talk to someone ... But I don't have their number ):
Ms.portela really must not have anything better to do than give us a test before the day of the AP exam
yeah I know what you mean!! My dogs know and LOVE the routine "roll over on your back so I can dry off your belly". Lol
Sales Assistant - Previous telesales, cold calling experience a must. full time permanent. Please call 01636 701702.
Some days you ride the tiger. Other days ...
I think I have an obsession with soup.
Know who has delicious pizza? Classic Slice!
I could see that. Austin is on the list.
can u please wish my friend kayla good travels on her move to hawaii?
Yeah---same error here. I tried switching from chrome to firefox and it magically started working (after a minor panic attack)
Studying is full of negative emotions, starts and ends with anxiety
Because the drugs never work, they're gonna give you a smirk.
So does anyone believe that Braylon Edwards will sign with the Bears give me your thoughts
Hey - any info on the controlled burn going on in the Third Ward?
back from detention.-___-
Kesha just said exactly what she told Susie messy ass and that did not sound like her saying I'm gon go off on Tami.
just walk away they aren't worth the time and trouble
att a BBQ with the cuzs
that is correct breezy
let's work
#Cheers in less than half tweeps...
Quickly sesame tea bobs is the best discovery (non alc) drink wise thus far.
missed this, sorry. It was at the Brown Hotel, a great presentation!
RT : "I believe in kindness. But also in mischief." -Mary Oliver #quote #happy2012 !
RT: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm hungry!! Aha..
WOW. Thats a Huge weekend All depends on my sweat loss. & now that it was cut in 1/2.
I didn't think watching 1 show of the hills would affect you that much.
To each his own fandom, i guess!
CASHER LATER NBA: Atlanta Hawks -3 and Portland/LA Lakers OVER 195.5 Best of luck
not enough theatre companies use trailers to pump their shows. they should. they need to. face the future, people!
i don't have a kindle, but I totally just bought a copy of PA for the kindle app on my phone- and yes i downloaded the app to buy it ;)
Nf Bro follow Back
Question: If there were a site that allowed you to invite friends, challenge them to fitness goals, and keep standings, would you do it?
I'm single your single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here?
I'm all better now, turns out i didn't have a broken neck, it was a stiff neck, i guess there is a difference, according to "webmd"
going to set up a writing suite in one of my spare bedrooms, miss having my system online.
Chelsea Clinton at #Joplinschools today!
Oh yes, Had a Ball!
well now everything is big so. Im going to have to one piece it
there with people idk so it woulda been awkward
super sweet
RT : If you could bottle #yankeewhine, it may be the best selling east coast vintage ever!
no doubt we are playing very good!
we are battling from victory, not for victory. The battle has already been won!
Still waiting for those May flowers following the April showers...it is freezing today!
It's not even 1 am yet
Morning(: Have a Great Day! xx
yeah remind me to talk to you and Karen about that, please.
Expanding your twitter network horizons is really difficult when 90% of the people you know or are friends with don't use it...
Seals are onboard to get their job done better faster
well, rein in blood then, from something something in the sky
Loving some al dente wheat pasta right about now.
RT : people who put pictures of themselves kissing on the internet make me sick
The more I watch SportsCenter, the more I realize some of the anchor either don't know sports or are just trying to sell what's hot. cont.
If u want to try something new change all your clocks to 24 hour or military time its fun!
No more locked doors!! Gracias! Lmao
happy birthday. c:
=> looking for a Montreal-based photography consultant. Specialising in product and lifestyle photography. Help!
We have requests for a moonshine booze camp. You people are crazy.
well you've got time, so that's good.
“: #GoLAKings is currently the #2 worldwide trending topic. Very nicely done for a 10 AM hockey game. #HashtagBattle!”nice work DWs
Reese's peanut butter cups for me. *sigh* Its Wednesday.
The ones that survived enjoyed it
Oh thanks... I Want to be homeschooled.. And i kno it was only the first day but I felt like this last year 2.!
MA Sen. Bill 661 sponsored by Sen. Brewer of Barre, not available for comment on 2day. 2 busy fighting crime in Barre
#schoolmemories Sneaking my phone in every class so i can read One Direction tweets. #ohwait i do that everyday of my life. :o
Whew. I clicked on that link and thought I was going to be taken to an ad for Açai berries or something.
why can't i see my mentions?!
I'll put it on the "ideas for poems" list.
Dude. Admit it. That was a legit shell.
yeah xD it's a shame cause the song is really good
happy birthday!!!
I want the depths of your fridge contents...when I search....I find scary
OMG! FOLLOW ME <3
what?!? Too cool.
I never stop until I get what I want!
Happy Friday Beer Bellies! Where and what are we drinking this weekend?
Aw, that sucks! Sorry you've had bad luck with them. What kind of cheating?
Right back atcha! :)
Anyone looking to buy a great house in chesterfield? Let me know.
Thanks for the follow, Greg!
What to do.?!
The I Pad fye been on sense 10:30
you're going to be on the tonight show tomorrow??
I know we do! What are you doing friday night? :)
The 'New' Infor Keeps Commitment To IBM i Customers - IT Jungle
oh hey
Accept the Challenge.\,So that you may feel the EXHILARATION of VICTORY!!
Get a sneak peak of Incredible Networking Event! MRN - CITYCENTRE at The Tasting Room Wednesday from 11AM to 12:30PM.
My wedding band will be inscribed as such: "Sic Semper Tyrannis" (Thus Always to Tyrants). ought to appreciate it.
your cover is absolutely amazing, great job!! :)
Lol when I listen to music in class I get all my perk done that the only way I can focus
Can you imagine if we'd had to take an oral bar exam?
Duration: 30 minutesWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
You gon' learn today.
should i know sutton foster from something?
CARE about #Poor people. U may be broke AGAIN!
RT": The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing"
lol okay I admit. I'm kinda hungry right now but I can't do it..gotta stay strong
Hey Ben.
I'm touched.
It's been a great night for Round 1 of the #NFLDraft ... We'll be back tomorrow for rounds 2&3 at 7pm!
Just tried cereal with water, not that great
wait what church was this at
Sadly and inexplicably a LOT of Republican women are happy to support these ridiculous laws.
It's a joke, not a dick... Don't take it so hard!!
Iam very happy this morning...Not to be in this mood everyday would really be unpleasant. but..Goodmorning tweetie pies!
Tomorrow indoor Market 10-2pm. Purchase something from an amazing artist and receive $10off ur entry to DW
Thanks for the RT yesterday !
Drew is balling today... Funny how people play better after trade talk
none ! Sabrina 2 , Kim the rest .
we can
#Heineken & presents THURSDAY at SET | Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
lmaooo I know!!!
I tried smoking , but I didn't like it ! Could never hit the blunt more than twice !
Be self-reliant and your success is assured. ~ Unknown
I hate that nasty feeling after laying out in the sun
my big fear for two years has been that Randy Wolf will implode. Always expecting the worst. Hope this hit parade slows down.
Our drink specials: Apple Lemon Smoothie, Apple juice, Lemon Lime soda and Italian Ice. Stop in for something refreshing.
always on the hunt, Never too busy for friends :D !
wish you could've come tonight Ellen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
got an invite for unrolled.me? I'd like to check that out.
A man's home is his castle,you just have to make it a home first.
My puppys dreams just woke me up and now I cant sleep either, you must be overtired from so much dancing, try to relax, night
Do you know why? It might probably because of too much use of computer or cellphones. :-)
Finally a new Desperate Housewives
its your birthday not the academy awards put a sock in it
The ups and downs of getting a start up off the ground are getting the best of me today! Must. Keep. Pushing.
Interview With The Treasurer, Senior VP And CFO: Evans Bancorp, Inc. (EVBN) - David J. Nasca &amp; Gary A. Kajtoch
Twitter passed 500 million users about 2 hours ago
I was expecting to see a flyers hat. Thank goodness I was wrong!
Raven Symone is a lesbian !?!?!?!
GREAT article! Diptyque is my daddy and I just ordered some yummy deodorant cream from Soapwalla.
According to May Day communique addressed to 'plutocrats, their minions, distinguished members of fifth estate': six Philly banks shut down.
very sad!
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal gets his man: John White new state head of schools in La.
you're just jealous, last night you didn't even know who they were! (:
Right now I'm running Parasoul and Cerebella, but when the game comes out I'm going to mess with some others.
Great times with Stacy Wilkes at the Choo Choo in Des Plaines. How many places can you go where your Dad went when he was little?
On basis of head-to-head between the 3 teams.
#newhampshire is like high school. And, turns out is play @ Fury's not
Sharks arent the bad guys. If some stranger entered my house in just a speedo, I would probably attack him too! (:
TAKE MY DAMN ORDER AND LOSE THE ATTITUDE. U CHOSE THIS JOB NOT ME biaaa
Our next highest scorer after wade and lbj was joel anthony with 5 points... Who needs bosh?
It sucks that a person expressing an opinion warrants blocking.What are they afraid of?I agreed with you at any rate
im in envy
today's national steak and blow job day.. any broads want to have a cookout??
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. - George Edward Moore
you know same ol same ol how have you been
Have you ever been so bored that you don't wanna do anything?
Whipping up a few things...
The Prettiest Girls Always Have The Most Valuable Minds ;)
Wrapping up Springtime shoot for Shape mag in Old Greenwich, CT & done being a Scrooge- time to put the Xmas decorations back.
What if the person you're mad at died today? Would the fight even be worth it?
Looking forward to my trip to ATL tomorrow. Should be very productive.
Tip of the cap to
Alright alright I'm up.....
Watched on the voice because he told me to. Made my night, you never disappoint.
A static layout is essential for projecting the organizational nature of the library and inability to think outside said layout.
What does the word "Homework" stand for?
Haha just pointed my home phone at the tv to turn it off.
Why is this emotion so strong? "The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear." - H.P. Lovecraft
Sorry Scott, not familiar with Twitter so didn't notice message.Medieval maps like al-Idrisi's can be confusing w/o background.
will be in west Hollywood tonight are you guys going out?
I had to get a key to use the library's toilet. Not sure what I liked more: having a bathroom to myself of that the key matched my clothes.
This is just ridiculous.
Just saying lil dog got 1 up on you right now lol “: lol, so im not?”
I am so proud of you. I had my fingers crossed for you! lol
hahah okay deal :)
crazy is an understatement!
how's spring training going for u? The superfans are heading down for 10 days.
sometimes i REALLY wish i knew what was going on in your head.
Ugh I hate homework
Nsugxjssnyxhxyskhzyxjsnduanh xD ALEX FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!! I'm so happy that just made my day :DD <3 !!!!
Great to work on "Bobby Gould" with such a hard working cast the production team!
Uber Pro-Tip: Bring some American Flags on your ride today for the back windows. Everyone will think you are super important. ;)
I'm lovin it!!
Needs to hit me up like, when she's free. Cause yeah. Haha.
Introduction to Credit Derivatives - New Session Added AUG 31 in NYC This one day course assumes that participants have no or minimal know…
RT 3-17-2012..happy 3'rd tiwtter-annis 2 us... Cool what shall I do a shot of when I get off work in our honor? Cheers to ya
Amy Franceschini gets native plants for #OCCUPY Gil Tract Farm project.
Marquis Hill @ The Green Mill tonight!
you don't.
Happy Friday to some of my oldest CUfriends
Marines, Sailors help orphanage while at port in Albania
another nice game...thanks and good night.
@ Derlyuk CONGRATS GUYS
Internet connection has been up and down all day. Not getting as much done as otherwise could.
cherry blossom season magical
Money money money BAAAAGGSSS
LOL! You are on fire this morning. I'm scurred...I think I might need to bring a tranquilizer for you tonight!
I'll put up a pic in a while: )
is back to the grind today. If you're not at the Forum, come pay us a visit. We'll be rooting for a comeback!
Oh… comfort level definitely allows! Ha Ha
In honor of Christ I'll enjoy last of Nugget Nectar, along w/ Bigfoot & Aprihop. U?
I'm going to TNT tonight too! Looking fwd to The Howls. Hope to see you guys there.
One less thing to bring to dinner...
Thought the same thing!!
it's been on my list for a few months. But no where to hang it in this house... go big or go home!
There has to be commonalities at school level-w/ time to argue, sculpt, change the curriculum
And left my phone in the car
so bizarre
Have been following church's conferencing in Tampa. Disappointed in actions. Going back to watching playoff BB to improve attitude.
Very cool!
In your fab city , Love.....LA is breezy but gorgeous today! Working, but hope to connect if you're free. :)
Yet another new closer..... RT : Jones to pitch the 9th
I'd correct that to read "mess"osphere, but I can't ruin a perfectly good science-based joke. Consider this merely an aside
"irregular" is a bummer in many ways.
I'm glad I could help, even a little bit. I can't wait to see "Urn".
Wow RT : #BoatNo1 She is gone…The unsinkable ship….Lost in the depths….All around check their watches 2.20a.m. – exactly.
why do i have 2 go 2 school in 8 hours??:??
On my way back to the O!
My throat hurts!!
Marciela You are winner #2....Shirt Size Please?
We'd like to thank Bootycall Review for following us on Twitter...
I'm done with this team, Yankees season has officially commensed
GIFT CARDS ARE ON SALE! $50 for $40, $100 for $60, and $250 for only $110! Perfect for the holidays :)
Have cable, there's nothing to watch.
Hey :) how are you?
Going to take in some Irish food tomorrow at Always great music too!
Houseful of teenagers. I feel my skin breaking out.
Hi how are u ?
Trying to migrate a legacy SVN repot to GIT when it has a lot of modified binary files is a big pile of sad.
It was my first battle EVER. Omg I still can't believe I won! XD
plays the 1st east Nashville underground Eva! Hit us on fb, come out n rock!!!
soon i will be back from holiday,wait for me bitches! i got big surprises for you!
Dr. Benjamin: "Lack of health insurance costs us 44,000 lives a year in this country. We can prevent these deaths."
i kno thats lame af & his pops wasnt even all that u feel me
yikes!!!!! Wtf is that
Seattle Tweeps! Come hang out @ Spitfire in Belltown for 24 Hours of Le Mans. 6/13 1:30 & 9:00 PM. Great group of crazy racers and fans.
“: Obviously got the digits (;” oh Nicolette, what're we gonna do with you ;)
From Mini to Nano : Home Security Informer
The music is going great actually i am the most happy with the band then i ever have been :)
Now I know you don't love me.
Excited to meet the female artist trio #D3 deliver, document, destroy!
"Think like a Man"....some of y'all already do and that's why you're single
Whats next for ?
have u been on instagram?
my 500th tweet goes straight to ...marry me?
Today was a good day!
I'm seeing lots of vibrant colors lately......colors are back!!!
Out busto heading for the barn
Tonight is S.I.N night at The Wicked Hop! 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs! 345 N Broadway
In shortly over a month Las Vegas will reach the greatest artistic milestone any city can wish for. A stage like no other. Stay tuned...
Looks great with the denim jacket!! So fun.
what's so funny?
Haha all I remember was a great shower and some cereal then passing out!
Nice strong offensive move by Thompson. His growth on O has been a fun thing to watch this season.
I'm trying to shake what me and my friends call that "husband body." LOL
The #spinozium may be the greatest late-night, dorm-hallway, philosophical debate to not involve an actual college dorm (or lots of weed).
When my mom freaks me out about the possibility of a stranger in the house because I left the front door open. #HateThis #notcute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
New day in miami fl good morning to all about to grab food an start the day
The Cougar (Puma concolor) is also known as a catamount, mountain cat, mountain lion, panther, and puma.
Will they, will they not cool the city?
Hey everyone! Make sure to pick up your copy of the Santa Monica Daily Press this morning and turn to page 10! ;)
I love how when I sneeze no one says anything but when the prep sneezes...WE MUST SEE IF SHE'S OKAY.
you know this is Sammy..right? LOLOL
+1 RT : so you agree. you think you're really pretty.
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
at least choose gin.
Thanks for the Wednesday afternoon laugh. I needed it!
#IfOnlyICould get someone worth it.
Does the same hold true for your knee? MT : I still miss the speed and accuracy of the keyboard
Hey ! Thanks for the follow.
I saw a few people wearing the sweatshirts we printed for you yesterday :)
feel free to hit me up ya know. :)
It's important to identify a business objective if you want to measure your success. Is it to raise awareness? drive traffic?
Restaurant serves food only from U.S. enemies, Pittsburgh takeout joint called the CONFLICT KITCHEN. Comes with IED for dessert!
Tomorrow is gonna be sick!! We have a video crew coming out so SMILE!
I need some time at the K to clear my mind
Should Come To My House And Be My Present . <3
Red stripe day 2010
meet our crew , , and
Thanks for the follow. Hope you are doing great! :)Lee
And our grandkids. We'll be legends among our neighbors
awesome song. especially played loud! ("Nothing Else Matters")
yep they about to be some sexy ass pancakes
is it silly that I'm crying? I love him. No animal should ever go through pain :((
It seems that most kids in Oregon, south of Portland, have REALLY bad attitude problems. Act like that here, you'd get your ass beat.
Tell them you want Ice Cream and a sponge bath from a hot nurse.
It's almost brunch-time!! is waiting for you at Madison with a new delicious brunch menu!! Open at 10am :1222 Madison St
What's your favorite quote? We'll draw a name Tuesday night to give away another awesome pink bracelet...
Wow! What a smart and creative idea!!
Word up! Where are all the tweets? No one has to go yet? RT : #DCADDYs yay Williams Whittle bathroom tweet up!
my day starts w/ gbf at toast tomorrow...followed by lacma and prob a movie at arclight...and ... excited!
Just add few new products on my site, www.ndpclub.com
1 tweet from 100, who will I give the shout out to.......
I am going to try Latisse myself, be on the lookout for photos of my eyes....
you at MOCA tonight?
I loved Breathe and The Vincent Boys :) Do you follow your fans?
This is our new Twitter page for updates on what is going on in our stores, both online and off. Whats new, promotions and more.
We all know the economy was not the best this past year & will be a slow recovery. Our solution is our own “SEXUAL STIMULUS RECOVERY PLAN.”
My mind is clear when i'm running! It's just me and my music(:
It is too cold to be raining right now
I see you everyday at work homo!
Yes! Last year's twitter garden party was most enjoyable :)
I can't lose you like I've lost everyone else.
because we're not the English department. Better to have better integration/less isolation across curriculum.
I'll bring a Brewer shirt for you to wear tomorrow! :)
you were at SMC yesterday and you didn't come back to see us??? ***tear***!!!
you bet!
This Day in History: Children's author Roald Dahl was born in 1916...what’s your or your child's favorite Roald Dahl story?
No one can top that tweet....probably not all week.
Robert, my name is Robert Parker as well...please email me at:
ok this whole let's get 4hours of sleep a night thing? so not cool.
It's a little late, but Hello to you too! Have you had your #tea today?
not yet....wait until the full default happens
Having a big Halloween party Saturday night sure wish I had a to use
you guys are the illest
innovation cookbook, art of innovation
I hit the wrong preset on the car radio and heard what I can only describe as country rap.
me too!
Are you from Tennessee because you are the only ten I see lol
little boy does your mother know you have a twitter?
we gone keep shinein and counting the Ca$h
The recording studio is my Galaxy the stage is my universe.
im a bad influence when it comes to games
I never start any drama, I just sit back & let it unfold! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
insomnia on-line Christmas shopping mode. Kind of fun when you are half asleep.
I'm in a bad mood today! >:(
Hey Mark Cuban, it's alright man. You can always just buy some replicas of your championship trophy.
That's hard to achieve, don't you think?
come here buddy! *hug*
Beautiful >>> Hot
Watching Oprah's SNL special and loving it. God that show used to be good.
The in East Point across from post office is a mess. Always dirty tables, bad service. Send a supervisor to check in here.
recommends developing 4 or more ads to test with different images and text to see what best performs
one question: he says im like a block up from that pup where we used to blow trees- is that right is it pup? or puck?
Just when u think uve heard all the sweet dreams remixes u find a new dope one
Hmm, well she is.. And she's deciding to start drama with me because I went out with him -.-
is this how depression feels, if so it...
Thanks for the follow Rachel. Have a great Sunday evening! - Bryan
yeah..so when its really cold outside i have to wear two sweaters on .
Related: who guilt trips a person about leaving at 6pm on a 70 degree day in February. Mean people, that's who.
acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart.
At food 4 less.
I was just outside picking up trash blowing around & I'm sure T,O. was talking with my neighbor... If Not he looked & sounded like him?
#PictureoftheDay: The Breathtaking Skogafoss Falls in Iceland:...
I don't even shop there
2011 in Review-2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2 off bway shows, great coach
Its <U+E13D><U+E13D> and <U+E04B> n im off work :) Okc vs Laker game today. I wanna see how okc looks in this series.
I don't get how some people think their dogs are cute.
#YouNotUglyBut the way you treat people is.
I'm in bar at IC waiting 4 niece. Still too much noise, 2 diff music tracks! Ack.
What the hell happened to Google Groups? I am having a seriously bad Get Off My Lawn kind of day.
running low on films on my lovefilm suggestions please.......
Watch Hoaders right now! You will feel so good about your inability to do laundry in a timely fashion!
Advice from a conservative voter's perspective, which, however much politicians dismiss it, is better than advice from aides:
Happy early birthday
get down tonight, epic party.
Reports hv surfaced that my phone has bn recovered. sources say my mom was contacted by whoever has it. Stay tuned as this story develops
Let me help your business be found. We are having a buy one get one deal here in Gloucester/northern neck area. Call me today! 7578700531
The millionares and Nathan Ryan tour. <3
your at the library? me too! haha.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana! We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched. ??Thoughts??
If he ain't gonna treat you the way he should then let it go.
I love my city but the IDGAF level is horrible these days with these strippers lol
I hear ya on that!
Hmm, those papers look familiar. ;)
The awkward moment when you go under the mistletoe and Justin's not there...
Sitting here with robert and caitlin thinking about how much it sucks that we probably wont be able to hang this summer :P
walk-a-thon at the ravine
You tripping nah cuzzo ! RT : Come on La
agreed nice pick up, but he's not what he used to be.
Far from it! Happy NY CJ!!! RT Best DJ in MN - Happy New Year Johnny D #508 RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!
Ben and jerrys is so fucking good.
Don't worry, no offense. :) Not sure what's worse, over-communicating and missing dates or saying only when we have a final date.
"Fools have no interest in understanding; they only want to air their own opinions." Prov. 18:2
#ireallywant to see majority of my followers .........in person. :')
Hi, my name is Zac. I'm addicted to graphic design and it's ruining my eyes.
You're not the person I used to know.
Wtf snooki is gonna be a mom wow I don't even know what too say
Ha. Thank you sir. Kinda hard to tweet and watch at the same time though. Excellent race though, eh?
Here's what u do after a tough call: ensure you're in an awesome house & have your housemate offer u macncheese
A little downtown swing at Smalls Friday & Satrurday at 10pm with the Quartet!
Anywho good morning!!! Happy Friday!!!
Deliver Us From Eva is on TBS at 8. Can't decide whether 2 watch game 6, or u Ms. Union, cuz u were THAT good in that movie.
thanks for tuning in dave-- always like to know when people are on board.. you know, i'm the serious one!!
Are you a front seat driver or a back seat driver?
So which did you choose? ;)
Always a good thing when your performance is used to illustrate the way a scene is supposed to be done in class.
Is Starbucks giving away free coffee this morning or something? What's with all of the lines?
Oh shit my bad lol RT : basketball wives duh
RT : KnowledgeWorks pleased to receive Community Service Award from University of Cincinnati Economics Center.
The BEST kind of meeting!
can't you just go to Sprouts for that..?
Do No Thing. Practice being present. Be at peace with yourself. If only for a moment. And another. There is no thing to do.
These teenagers have started a We Will Rock you clap...
": We used to talk for hours. Look at us now."
alright well i have to go to zumba bye :)
You're in it for the long haul.
How is that even possble??
Ah #MakeEmLaugh was soo good! It really brought home the fact that we really don't have GREAT actors like this anymore
Switching up Taco Tuesday for La Comida tonight.
Happy earth day!! Enjoy nature and keep mama earth clean. Try not to be a littering asshole for just one day.
On this productivity grind
We're in the car on our way to Grandma and Grandpa's house! Mom and Dad said we're getting a NEW car tomorrow with lots of stuff for US!
Thank you for all of the RTs!
thanks for the note, you'll have to stop on by
What ever!!“: Who are you RT ": Naaa!im a goon“: Please. Just. Stop. Talking #kthanks”"”
Can't Wait too see The Hitman vs Verb battle
yes sir it's always wonderful to be around my brothas & sistas. The video is gonna be dope!!
um Idk prob going to my Mamaws house :P
Engine28.com arrives tomorrow around noon! You'd better get your fingers ready.
Last night was an amazing time #lets do it again
": People get so consumed with communication through keyboards, they don't know how to act during in person interactions."
*shakes head* it will cousin, good things come to those who wait :)
Lol yeah, every1 was taller than me...even Micha lbs. RT : Seriously?! OMG. I remember when I was taller than you! <3
haha over it, done (:
thanks doll! NYC won us over! Can't wait to come back!
Thanks for the follow. Please let us know if we can help you in any way.
thanks for watching the show. honored to be the subject of your first tweet!
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming swimming swimming. What do we do we swim.
has the party poppin, get in here and party....
finna hit up Outback..ain't been there in a minute, haven't had fries in a minute either
there's a hundred ways to stop tweeting you but I have million ways to never give up!
to this day i still quite enjoy wilder by the teardrop explodes
Was there a prize for 2nd place?
Dear , I really hope you're okay.
Wearing my belt backwards today omg SO crazy!!!!
"Love you more than those bitches before"-lana del rey
RT : Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One says to the other "I can't believe I just blew forty bucks in there."
If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.
Off to Virginia City for Thunder on the Mountain.
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Texting from across the hall, its pretty funny
I'm contemplating going as well. Jury is still out.
Sure, but that's a great problem to have for your business!
and thank you!
Everybody! go follw ! for every follower they donate 1 penny to red cross for japan! GO FOLLOW THEM!
It's difficult for me to tell (from the plot alone) whether there are really thematic differences between the speeches
yes definitely! sad we missed each other
That bird is mine
Great exercise asking attendees to trade devices with neighbors to see reactions. Good story about a Devil Boss too.
Boom boom clap boom di clap di clap
Isn't this true? “: It breaks the heart of Jesus when we're more passionate about electing politicians than evangelizing people.”
need the info to get the cd dup
To be fair, night terrors aren't fears, it's a whole brain processing thing. He got it from me; I sleptwalked forever.
Is it just me or does UITableViewController behave a little differently every time I implement it? X_x
On my worst behavior
Nice 7 mile run this morning temps in low 90s. Attacked by a dog that jumped from a car window to chase me down. Wha? Like a Tazmanian Devil
I'm good, just enjoying my summer break. How are you and the little lady?
how is that even a comparison
Stayed tuned later TODAY cuz I will be posting a new video on YouTube of my cover of Bruno Mars "Just the Way You Are"-hope u'll watch it :)
what is the show about? :)
I'm in my bed and that's all that matters
We got free breakfast today at work. Very nice.
Happy New Year!
my goodness! I need to back to monitor the floor!!
Haven't seen Tweet lately which makes me sad. #sadtweet #disappointed #summer issues
Not having a good day/night...
Colorado Loves ABP!
Chinese proverb say man who go to bed with itchy bum wake up with smelly finger!
Thanks, fellas!
Keep it going, and if I can help you, let me know.
oh I suppose I can get the kids. :) on my way & almost there actually
I don't hear that often enough RT : I'm going to withhold my full judgement of the Galaxy SIII until I'm holding one in my hands.
Life tends to bite you on the ass a lot... its starting to piss me off!
Spain, but they're both Spanish speaking so it's close!
hahaha I did, I lost it downtown like a month ago tho
Oh Santa Barbara, your temperate weather and ocean breezes are brilliant. Totally needed today.
Ticket to KW, check. Hotel reserved, check. Anyone else want to go to FL 3/2-6???
Me catching feelings..ion know bra <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Don't know about any hip hop festivals.
Surprise! Facebook now owns every picture of you, ever.
An anonymous someone made me smile today: tiny cartoon shrimp sticker on the outside of my classroom door!
If God brings you to it, he'll bring u through it =)
I think that the next #playstation should have sturdier shoulder buttons.
The board is being criticized heavily by Eagle. Being called a political sellout. "You think we're stupid".
Thank you Rachel! You will receive your next single session half off!
Yes! RT : mainstream media screwed the pooch on this 1
RT : Courage is knowing what not to fear. ~Plato
Lol! *twitches* Thanks girl!
Happy Monday!
Using PollEverywhere for cellphone polls in class
Got a phone call from bro/niece to say Roll Tide Roll after #NCAAgymnasticsChampionship....I said 'Go Bruins' & he said 'Boston?' Haha! UCLA
we are just black on the inside <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF> <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Thinking about tiling your back splash, painting or carpeting your family room - well the holidays are growing fast upon us call for a f ...
Way to pull of the win! Great battle #niners!
An email about how GOOD something is (without suggesting improvements)? Some people are just nicer than me.
No problem - its young adult so if its not up your alley and want something else let me know
Starfish might be the next big thing in criminal defense.
tbh, I think old people+my family lies to me. Its heartbreaking.
I must be a little bit insane. Part of my lunch included a Hillel Sandwich. And I enjoyed it.
I forgot too. But I'm still glued
That we need to get a clue!
Amazing video. Thanks for sharing, Michele!
girl yes because my heart couldn't take that LOL
Happy Mother's Day!
I'm that guy in the park with sunglasses and a long black case.
we gone take it to the moon take it to the stars who knew we could take it this far <3
Im really sleepy
haha totally awesome!
Gotta love Easiest pick up from airport ever. Much better than "Buber" ;)
Thank you all to who attended, shouted out, and mentioned my #sociallaw talk -
hahah thanks! I'll stop stressing now #relief :)
King of Queens until 7 and pie. Solid hour and a half.
Can you tell I'm frustrated? I hate nothing more than losing to the Chubbies.
SO good!! Worth the money!! Stay after the credits!!!
k come outside ill be there in a min I would call but yeah -_-
Yep, I am super excited! Thanks!
That's either insane, or brilliant. Either way, you have to appreciate the boldness.
how can ayers get that gig? He allowed a 6 on 5 finish at WKU earlier in the season.
He would need 2 checkins to be mayor.
I wish I could find the source for the idea of art orgs writing their own ciriticism/hosting critics in residence.
Fascinating fact about teaching 5th grade. When you come in with your curly hair straightened, kids will want to pet you like a Pomeranian.
Wow Jim Harbaugh skipped his post-game press conference..
RT No one lives near me .-. Sad for life”
I said and I say it again! We've been had! We've been took.
Donovan and Beckham here in KC on Saturday..I may quit my job to go watch this game!
WHAT! Oh how I wish I could have been there!! haha x
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 :-)
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Is any fish more routinely overcooked in restaurants than salmon?
Hey everyone... just finished recording a new cover song and hope to post it on youtube soon. Anyone want to guess who's song I covered?
mendeley makes science more collaborative and transparent.
I hate how my school's financial aid department is out to screw me.
i know & i have walls built up. but there's always one person who seems to slip through the cracks.
Everyone go and follow <U+25BA><U+25BA><U+25BA><U+25BA> !
The snooze button is my best friend.
Can I get a 40 point deficit please?
It's a job finding a job.
I know, right? My inner surfer girl. ;)
I LOVE THE JEANS IN MY DP SO MUCH .
taking a twitter break from homework :) haha
did not get tricked at all yesterday... not that i know of anyway...
RT : New Mexico Museum of Natural History Foundation Want a unique and romantic way to celebrate Valentine's Day?!......
thanks for the tip earlier I'd like to repay that by showing you this
: aw you are so sweet!! Thank ya muchly....got some new live vids to upload from our gig last night!!
How do i upload a pic to twitter :(? hate using twitpic! xx
cool!! We didn't know that. We'll post some pictures-- thanks!
Marcia Clark is coming to our library today. I'll refrain from any snarky commentary. Pls supply your own.
i hear ya,howz everything?
way too soon to write Tiger's obit... even in Nicklaus' 60's he was still breaking into the final rd of majors
luckily I still have one. But down town and our schools. Everything is gone. So many people lost their homes. I have never
yes. We have tile, carpet and wood. It goes from one to the other -- even up onto area rugs.
at 9 pm. You coming?
So didn't notice what happened to carbonite when they pulled adverts from Rush?
who is gay??
Tebow will have to prove himself in camp next year. So basically, it's over for him. Probably. Actually, for sure. He's getting traded.
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: Be objective. Your audience will know when you're trying to make money from them
SO glad they gave Terry some awesome attention this week!
Good Morning! Start your day with a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee!
"Welcome to the ROCK." -Sean
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
I was suppose to go get my dress fitted or whatever the fuck but my moms not even here fuck.. panicattack
We're called new-b's for a reason! :D
thanks for posting the news. Certainly good news that they can come back home eventually.
Tell me a story :)
I'm a professional foot and leg model.
I see boah
Let's just say there is a lot of love in our friendship! <3
I really don't wanna be in pain anymore
I love you like a love song, babyy(:
Gettin it together for cuzos baby shower
Call of Duty: Zombies HD for iPad....yes.
that kids can be a real pain in the @$$!!!!!
I just made some awesome chocolate chip cookies. Then I ate four of them.
Share! I've been looking for a better one!
When your bestfriend ignores your messages when you need her the most <<<<
Come on out to Plan B tomorrow as I get the night kicked off @ 7:30pm
will you be the key to my heart ? <U+2665>
AWW CLOSE THOUGH RONDO!
sweet tweet! Thanks!
I think its retarded when people pose as celebrities and are all like "If you follow ____, I'll dm you" Dude, your not even effin verified!
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket
would love to see. Congrats
Glad you enjoyed your visit this weekend, Ryan! Sorry you missed the chair massages. You'll have to come back!
I think this bishop needs one of those red laser pointers that cats like to chase.
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. Shine Baby SHINE!
We've gone so far, why turn back now?
I have no idea what you're talking about
I want someone to love, and spend time with, and talk to for hours.
Rangers-Caps Triple Overtime. #NHLPLAYOFFS keep getting more exciting every game. Hope does not lose all his fingernails
Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before. Want to vanish inside your kiss and I love you until the end of time
Is it me or do do da same move every week to win a match?
... last day of high school! Woot Woot :)
#Somewhereinthehood the #WinWinSituation becomes the trend ! So do we ahahah #WinWinSituation the new trend
great work, i look amazing lol
I'm guessing I'd be glad to work for/with anyone whose first instinct is to contact this reporter.
"I hear y'all here know how to party, but what's a party without some good ass weed!" o wiz. c:
love your background
So, maybe Chris Bosh is the 2nd most important guy on the Heat? Maybe, um maybe Wade is the expendable one?
The Office still has new episodes! So cool!!
If you're diligent about fully deflating it & folding properly, you can get it down to the size of a big piece of luggage.
come and save maddie dimes... I hate this class
Nice. Where's your vacation to?
Heading to #Lambeau in #GreenBay with to watch #GMen take down #Packers. Dare I wear Giants blue into the stadium?
IM not even there yet
Who do you think I should start between Palmer and Rivers? And Bills or Jets Defense?
New chant for those wall st protestors: 'this is what dirty hair looks like!'
I think they already did, personally. Maybe when Don first started working under Sterling.
0 days til prom! WHOOP WHOOP
" stand for something or youll fall for anything"
is my favorite actor. I love him. :) Always makes my day better.
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: MIHA (Most Important Household Appliance)
thanks for the RTs
me too Valerie!! :)
alright will hook it up
its great! Love the CS Lewis quote. Would love to see some passing reference to Babe the Blue Ox in next one, right?
I let you know if we open a bureau out there :)
thanks for spreading some love about the Pace Presents concert series !
i need to come see it all! how late are y'all open tonight? xox
*give PEACE a chance*
Thanks for connecting and hanging out guys! Helped one of our future leaders start dreaming big dreams!
When closing business the rational part of the decision must seem plausible that's all. Move on to other issues, like: Where is his pain?
dude pulled out a gun at a snow ball fight..wtf!
Just click on the #EBUS118 link in any of my tweets to follow along.
I hate when someone is about to tell you something, but then says nevermind.
That was crazy! RT : What an episode
Yesterday 4/5 saw Cirque Du Soliel's MJ The Immortal Tour @ Madison Square Garden What a great show& so emotional 2.Hear MJ's voice I cried.
please do me a favor and follow this lady I will be tuned in tonight ;)
in defense of Mitt and the GOP, gays and minorities and women have never contributed anything to society. What a joke.
EVERYONEE: please do me a favor! FOLLOW ! thats my personal and im trying to get 300!!!
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
you go girl!!!
dodgers are great! I'm a Houston boy so Astros are my team!
finally calmed down-Mom is home w/no residual effects from heart attack, I had surgery & it was successful. All is well.
the jets
Hi Monica :-) hope u are having a GREAT time wherever the wx is wonderful. You probably brought the sunshine with you! :-)
---Those who treat one bad those who block one., those who judge one , those who ignore one., those who think they're better
your analysis is fire fuego flames
What's good today?
do you live close to kentucky?! a lot of my friends have 270 as their area code too but they live in kentucky.
Thank you for the support
Want to serve dinner on Sat. from 630-830pm at the shelter? Call 303-294-0157 ex 2105 if you can!
Dust off your playforms & bell bottoms! Disco Party on Sat. 5-14 at to benefit the ATGC. $10 at door, or $5 w/ food item.
Now back to chapter 8 of trapped in the closet, 14 more to go lol.
Getting ready for photoshoot for some doctors in CLT
no offense big people but you guys need to where better clothes, when your so big and your fat rolls hang down it's time to exercise.
Im a Idiot ..... But it was worth it
what?! You know I like shiny things! ! Now I really can't sleep! Must.get.my.precious...
We totally aspire to be as awesome as WarmGun! We even have speaking :-)
Did u see what just keeked? People need to stop hating!!
aw really?! Thanx:)!
all right no problem, can't wait to hear it!
it's because he put it in the wrong hole!
I think they got a chance! I still believe they have outplayed Nash and all it takes is 1 win to plant some doubt in the Preds
Lexington Commons wishes everyone a fun and safe weekend! Get out and enjoy your great city Lexington!
I agree. You must see hangover2. Also don't forget to see #harrypotter next month on my B-day.
Watching- Eat, Pray, Love. So far so good. Lots of inspirational one liners. "want to know how to be HERE, stop waiting for it." EPL
Not sure.. we're just getting a lot of random spam DMs!
Boozer plays well against Heat because he wanted to come here. Lives/fam from here. Riles didn't even talk to him.
Mentions are so dead omg.
(: gotta go cheer on our boys!
The show will begin airing live Sundays, 10AM-11AM CST on #WLAC 1510. Why not advertise your business to my many listeners AND be a guest!
"Fight 'em 'til hell freezes over, then fight 'em on the ice!" --TCU coaching legend Leo R. 'Dutch' Meyer
go into notification settings then messages then turn off "show preview"
Congratulations on your new job! I'll miss hearing the explosions and sound effects that project from your classroom!
Yeah think bodyguard = NFL! So proud!! “: Just got some great news about one of our team members!"
Would love to. Definitely let me know when you guys are in town!
Word! Love that! My hubby has washed my locs. #Score RT : your boyfriend helping you take your braids out. That's love.
Apple Care hold music, like Apple Care itself is "music to my ears" - David Bowie, The Cure and George Harrison so far.
Uh huh! RT Anyone going to the first time attendees orientation at 5?
Its cause your too busy watchin captain stabbin
perfect - look for email! cheers
when did you become a javelin monster?! I saw that stat last week and thought it was a 1x thing. You don't play around!
Hey Geoff! I am sorry you feel that way. Can you email supportseattle at uber dot com? Thanks!
At one point in my childhood I was convinced that "Marky Mark" would be my husband. lol.
~ so true I love all his movies !
Creator God You gave me breath so I could praise
Thank God for 3 day weekends :)
cool... I'll send you a note. Is your personal email still the same one?
What's up TweetDontEaters? What are y'all eating today? Better be some good healthy foods!!!
Holy shit #milwaukee #bucks. What a game
Feliz cinco de mayo! And talk derby to me ;)
yes, everything over 40 hours. Gotta get to 40 first :P
I'm using an interesting combination of methods :) It's unfortunately not easy to configure
Amen, Brother. RT : Kale (which I and love) would not be my last meal. I'm thinking cheeseburger, pecan pie
It's a RBF morning...
URGENT: DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT NUMBER PERRY IS WEARING. I NEED TO ORDER MY JERSEY
so glad you're back!! Haha
the #40YdDash package would get me under 5 in the 40!
Check out "come unity" online. Playing their 6k now. It benefits women in Africa and contributes funds to getting water to villages.
old school mode?
looking for heaven found the devil in me... well what the hell I'm gonna let it happen to me!
My family loves me
I am not hipster enough for this part of San Francisco.
hangin wit ma new friend
Only 4% of National Historic Landmarks reflect the contribution of women. Goal to expand that. from Ken Salazar
Agreed! My 8yo & I were channel surfing earlier. She sees #heatseekers & yells "Stop! Heat Seekers!"
haha don't they always?! ;)
Do you have a crafty book you'd like to share with the people of Detroit? We are gratefully accepting donations to our reference library.
omg you are so lucky I'm basically failing that class right now
It's becoming a port!
Heard what sounded like a 747 fly over my house on Bainbridge Island, followed by at least one F15.
Man this human centipede 2 is one disturbing ass movie...o_O
I'm just saying it's fine by me If you never leave And we can live like this forever
I'm eating a sandwich hoping that today will go by fast lol
It did sound childish. U RIGHT!. .but this is YO SHIT. . .TREAT IT LIKE IT'S YO SHIT.
New version of #virtualbox out (v4.0) and it's sweet! New, sleek UI. 4GB ram support for 32bit clients and lots of fixes/improvements.
I believe it's trust to keep a healthy relationship
i will no doubt
Add Dre too RT : Agreed RT : #Grammys2011 performances I'm most excited for = BrunoMars/BOB/JanelleMonae & Rihanna/Eminem
Yezzzir. Becoming a mountain man.
Has someone solved the problem of voicemails that require followup? They make me crazy.
To educate a man in mind, and not in morals, is to educate a menace to society.
Skipping class and watching the #Tribe beat this carcass that once was the #Twins .... check
Signs you probably should stop stealing: you get thrown out by Kurt Suzuki.
#FF Mutual Admiration
A total of 19,101 existing homes were sold in Texas last month, a 20.4 percent decline from May 2008
Happy Birthday and Maggie Smith :)
All is well. ;o)
Oh damn...RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys
I Can't Breathe. (Don't send help - that's my final "Ghost: The Musical" track title for today.
NO WAY! That's definitely not good advice.
Watching M*A*S*H. I love this show!!
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Starting a project? Document it in pictures & vid: A remodel, a plant growing, a new product design?
Not everything ends. Our love lasts
u always gotta turn it around on me don't cha
That is very generous, but I think I'll pass. :)
See, iv been waitin all day for you to call me baby. <U+2764>
Really exciting news regarding Deuce Deuce coming soon!!!
Oh gosh. I don't remember. I thought it began with a D. I just remember looking in the phonebook.
follow back
Going to heb in my pjs :)
Miss you too!
- my baby sisters- its been a good night ;)
another failed rocket attempt by #northkorea..maybe they should worry about more important things like #freedomofspeech??
iPhone developers, can you recommend some tools for gathering user-feedback from within the app?
Is it bad that the only reason I'm getting up right now is because the Chili Peppers are tomorrow omg
I TWEETED ALOT TODAY SO GOODNIGHT AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
Amazing how far a simple traditional hand written thank you card can go.
Who is the guest for Laptop Chat 5?
When the design process is too easy, you know you haven't thought about it enough.
Feels good to be back home in DC, nice day outside.
RT I'm 291 away from having 3000 followers on Twitter and 8 away from having 10 friends in real life.
-5 for coming in late -_- man
you are Kobe gorgeous!
Hi Brittany! Otis Redding = good stuff!
Start the Weekend Early Tonight Hosted by 2011 DMV Calendars Miss Februarry
the only positive thing about waking up this early is that #boymeetsworld is on!
It was also Mitt's idea to erect the Berlin wall in the first place. He flip flopped and tore it down!
Survivor time
text me when you can. I'm a wreck
iHate when I suggest a movie, Everyone agrees, i turn it on...& No one pays attention to it
My mom thinks i have a mental problem because i stuff my clothes in my closet instead of putting them away. #newsflash Every teen does it.
Don't do it like Vinny!
When I grow up I want to be Zooey Deschanel.
thanks so much Dude!!!! <3 bri
nah lmfao. That's too much juice for me to drink ^.^
Enough with that tag!!! LOL. I was watching the Rays game for a while. But now my teams are on...
At what time is it ruled unacceptable to be woken up from a dead sleep by women partying in the hotel room next door? 2am isn't cool w/ me.
#HonestyNight - I hate it when guys begging on the street have a limp when people are watching but the limp goes away when no one's around
I'm like a train going full throttle, and I'm about to fly off the tracks.
hey i met your wife last month. i just started working at her library. she gave me a great tour of the photo collection! ^_^
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive" - Kanye West (not my favorite, I just really like it)
Follow me I follow back.
we can go ham cam newton in like a week.lol
UGH! I am SO tired I can't see clearly. Eyes are so weak... No fun working all day/night & then coming home to work...
u do know I was joking right.
#Raleigh tweeps - looking for a #restaurant for a nonprofit event that would charge no more than $10/person for a meal. any ideas?
U ROCK X
Getting ready to go sing the anthem and half time show at the game tonight! #comeonout :)
it'll happen someday lol so are you running today or tomorrow now?
": I did. RT Who killed your barber?" That's the kind of toupee' we believe is real or else why
Regal Beloit Beats, Profit Improved
These SVU marathons are so hard to ignore LOL
thanks so much! Very appreciative!
Woot woot! Thank you! Excited to have another workout buddy!
LIGHTS GOT MARRIED WHAT
Today has been a great day at kings island
I'm so in love with my sammich. It's real love. Thanks Fricanos's
dear bloggers, how do you find things to write about, and keep the motivation to write?
i've been sleeping all day
No offense I'm juss saying how I feel!!
I'm done watching American Idol. Y U NO BRING BACK JOHNNY?!
Me against the world so ima fall back and give it some space
Yeah I'm good I guess
O is for the only one i see
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar on Friday November 18 noon to 7 pm
Leggo my eggo ya feel me
email from JetBlue Airways re: Mystery Offer.
"We're going to learn CSS in 13 minutes."
yes!!! And hopefully you've enjoyed the onslaught we been puttin on the hawks ;))
Thursday Night at g/r/a/n/d! I'm spinning 10PM to 1AM! Come out and support DJ Michael Fusco at g/r/a/n/d tonight! 15 Bank st, Stamford, CT
It amazing how immature people are.
In case you hadn't heard: the Prime Minister & Mrs Cameron have arrived in the US for their official visit to the
Dear Earth, Just want to make you a better place with occasional pay while doing it so I can eat relatively well. Is that too much to ask?
mayne! Sitting in a farm I suppose
Administrative assistant- I found out my major I'm graduating 6/12/12 makes at least 3k a month. Great :)
ill just email you the song...
Hope I'm not jerky, but I wonder what an ebook pub brings when a bozo like me can self-publish, make a website, blog & tweet.
We vegetarians get a bad rap, but it seems like meat eaters do most of the evangelizing around here.
great choice!
haha thanks babe :) ill show you end result laterr
come see me? Lol.
Visit the IE Computer Society Booth at Interop Las Vegas
Trying to get used to my glasses. It isn't going particularly well.
Sex is great, but it's not worth losing someone special over.
Interesting, I know of an Olivia Rose born in recent years. Big congrats to Emilia, her family, and Auntie Carolyn :)
After hacking at the solid chocolate easter bunny for days, the human prevails! It is a bittersweet victory...
I hate when the bums at my job be acting like they having important conversations on the phone
It takes 4ever 2 get anywhere in downtown LA!!!!!!
I agree, some good points but not well framed at all. It's like a blender of intellectual stereotypes running on high.
Fina go night night
I need to start following Kanye West. That should be good for some LOL'z.
RT Barrett "This is an historical election" He's right, not many people get a chance to lose 3 times.>>>OFS!!
Show last night went real well. Everything i could have asked for. Talk soon.
Welcome back. We missed u!
AV fest and at the cubby bear this saturday. Never a dull moment.
Does anyone in your home suffer from asthma or allergies? Consider using an air purifier this Spring!
Why don't you ever shoot stuff in Florida. It's beautiful ya know ? Loll.
Yes, sir!!!!!! Looks like me might be playing the Hawks next week, yo!!
What kinda car?
RT Rams pass on next pick--just feel freaked out by Roger Goodell and the hugging thing.
they couldn't have picked a better person to use the save on, Jessica totally deserved it!
“: Yes...what is their screening process? Anyone know?
Congrats to Sounds like we get to see him and his path to the belt in the ufc with a new contract.
RT : Shopping #organic often means shopping at more than one spot
haha what did you get ? lotion? ;D eh it was whatever just wanna go back to school already :l it gets boring sometimes ya know
You aren't as transparent as you may think ;) but as long as you want me to make you believe otherwise I will
There it is... Game on
it is seriously! What the heck!
So what nigga you got a attitude, FUCK you and your demeanor ;)
More teacher's cuts.Send Gov Scott Walker an email. "" Gov Scott Walker email per
seriously can you not get this to fuck !!!!!please <3
What You Do When Love Turn To Hate ?!? Ya' Gotta' Separate From These Fuckin' Fakes !!!
damn your boy looks like a beast next to her. Lol
Daily Report: The Consumer Electronics Show
What does "local copy" mean here?
O almost finish with Highskoo. > smh
What's up man? How's school? Hope everything is good.
so you got to hang with Milton??
Love putting on sweatshirts that are fresh out of the dryer
In Austin, Tex., the Pink Palace Is a Legend The housemates who live at the Pink Palace, in Austin, Tex., share an ethos of “radical in
Three words: Point. Break. Live. . . Which leads me to another word: Whoa. . .
I put it on shuffle, but I still play the songs I want.
Hope e1 who legally gambled over internet on the Kentucky Derby w/ reg US companies had a neat day<<<Legalize online poker!
Check out our company, Ocius on LinkedIn !
Laundry on a Wednesday. Yup, that kind of weekend.
Sharon and Jimmy will be on Spokane, Washington's KXLY News with Robyn Nance on March 23 at 5:50 am and 6:20 am talking about the new book!
You are correct, , the song Deep Red Bells by is amazing...
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar - Mobile Operators Leading the Charge on CEM.
We can check for you. You can visit our gallery on our website as well;)
Holy hell the KPOP sectional on On Demand is so damn awesome right now <U+2665>
RT: Majority of Americans: Please raise taxes on billionaires. Congress: Herp derp screw the middle class! Majority
I kno he played in a fewNBA playoffs... Does that count?
in San Diego w/The Pheromones
lol all you have to do is put "(sp?)" in ur tweet after the word and it will respond.
Jimmy Johns? I think yes
Side Bitches Stay Behind The Scene !
Zogenix Submits New Drug Application (NDA) to U.S. Food and Drug ... - MarketWatch (press release)
you forgot to add the girl at the end of that sentence
RT : 43% say social media ROI is exceeding expectations
Yo! Thanks man! We recorded an E.P. last semester but are still waiting to release it... I'll holler at you when we do, soon!
So's Your Mom sandwich
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
aaaawwwwww!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I want it!
Just had a much needed breakthrough with the lil sis. We all needed it, n I'm glad she did it.
"My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four; unless there are three other people."-Orson Wells BTW, our dinners for 4 ROCK!
What DeLaran said: I need to put my web address on my business card... What Lova heard: I need to put my rugby dress on my business card.
As of now, I am at 175 and still dropping
I wear my heart soon my sleeve.
It's about time you made an honest living....
If today ended now, I'd be cool with that
Go Big Blue!
Rangers Force Game 7 in New York Three second-period goals gave the Rangers a win in Game 6 over the Ottawa Senators.
everybody go follow this dude is funny he is my bestie
Teens drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk. Why? Cause it has a shot of alcohol in it. Guess what else does. A shot of alcohol.
": You can't help someone who dosent wanna help themselves it's impossible. !"
210664 srsly. i sit back and think of the money i could make so fast and easy if i just were loose
worth the wait! Thanks for the great food!
I really hope I made the right choice last night
Rock vs Cena at Wrestlemania? This is a joke right?
Seriously I kinda just want to move to Cali!!!!!!
RT : Dick Kelly is on Time's top 100 most influential people candidate list..because of Smart Grid City.
i dont have class 2day but im going 2 school to get help studying for this final…
Bought one of those huge pillows for dogs U see all the time a Costco, but 4 our cat. He's looking like the Hugh Hefner of cats right now.
b dazzle
Rose, Arenas, -, Boozer, Howard? #how? lol
nervous to see rory tonight
Tested out the mead today.. not too shabby. It will do its job well I think.
O would some power the giftie gie us to see ourselves as others see us.
More mentoring in the classroom as part of the college curriculum could prove effective
Join us for dinner/starters: PAN-SEARED FOIE GRAS, fresh strawberries, toasted brioche, truffle, lime zest
TILL THE SWEAT DRIPS OF MY BALLS
Thank you! We're so excited!
the and the general thought of make me EXTREMELY excited. #fourthyear #ready #folkon (cc: )
Added three new machines to the Shanghai Tunnel tonight. The Getaway, Addams Family and World Cup Soccer.
i should have held out! i just bought batteries, its a slippery slope...
Great, Patti! Thanks.
Did a day search on my computer and guess what it was... day 11 to day 11. #Ha!
Have to admit that I'm rather pumped for Animal Man this Wednesday!
is just starting out tweeting. Stay tuned for more updates from us!
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, "try not to act like a criminal, try not to act like a criminal.""
“: Going to see The Grateful Dead tonight. Show number 17. Fuck yeah.” Just Grateful (~);}
Just got home an got my new phone. I may not have your number so message it to me.
BROCK LESNAR IS BACK! WELP, HERE COMES THE PAIN!
Glad to hear it Greg! My Red Ale turned out great - and I've got a Double Oatmeal Stout almost ready to be bottled.
Makin music
Naomi's in
Excited for "Full on Oregon"! Thank you for including us!!
redesigned 36 icons today...
Joyce Manor and The Wonder Years in the morning <3
Both Of Us Remix <21 (:
I h8 how ppl be getting high 2 try and "solve" their problems
getting sick of this city.
I rented "God Bless America" ondemand the other week and had my mom watch it. Even my 60yr old mother loved the message.
we're you guys playing sabotage as a tribute to MCA who died today from #beastieboys? If so great call!!
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you. <3
Should I be worried?
Just got rid of dining table to neighbors and made the dining room a new kids play area!
Technology is amazing! Sitting at the lake and doing business with a company in China... Lovin my new iPhone!
I have all my assignments for the rest of the semester. Part of me wants to just get it done and over with.
Better be LOVE you're coming to see. :) :)
I wonder where 28 points in one half stands as far as playoff lows
Yep! I do!
I can't believe I haven't Tweeted about what's going on tomorrow. So Excited fot
Merry Christmas everyone... to all my TwitterFam.. LOVE, RESPECT AND PEACE!
sucks to suck
I was going to tell you a joke about my pecker here...but it's too long
...think it always best to be the WIND BENEATH THEIR WINGS*... ...Not the ANCHOR underneath their TUCKUS!!! Ijs Smh LoL
I'm thinking some people get confused with the social website called facebook with TwoFacedBook.
TELL ME ABOUT IT
Stands as one minus china.
thanks for follow
If you weren't so strong you would have let go a long time ago.
thanks for the follow...
I don't think we REALLY need the oversized rodent to tell us tomorrow that we won't have more "winter." Pfft.
HALF PRICE TIX for smash hit "Confessions of a Mormon Boy" at Denver's Dangerous Theatre Thurs.! Provocative, inspiring....
cool cool I guess lol
GO FOLLOW !!! SHE'S BELIEBER AND HER TWEETS ARE AWESOME! :)
and B.O.B. on #Leno last night was a winning combo.
you are probably right. Looks like I was too optimistic!
The Bebop Cafe presents Fever First Fridays with DJ Celo spinning 80s and 90s all night Free before 10pm, $10 after.
Dear Candidates, How would you champion modifications to or expansion of the City's current funding stream for local arts and culture?
There was someone selling them at the PSU farmer's market on Saturday.
“: Los Angeles’ full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.”” oh jeez :O
where u from
Going home to drink a Lakefront Bock and giving Schnitzel a bath.
Brady made Gronk and Hernandez Pro Bowlers last year.
Came home early to sleep and Donald wants me to go run errands.
No way dude! For real?
Sad abt North Carolina. When u find love, no matter who with, u need to hold onto it tightly 4ever. Everyone deserves to marry their love.
when will you be able to text me?
Nigga I Still Bugg Off That Shit To This Day. That Nigga A Damn Fool!
I've been walking aroundmy house with my sunglasses on my head for three hours and nobody thought to mention it until I was about to lea ...
You're in NOLA, I'm in Panem with Katniss. Started reading tonight and I'm hooked! Thanks for the loan. Have fun at
it's 1:55pm here. Where are you?
After hearing Mickelson's hall of fame speech, I'm starting to like him.
TONIGHT! 8 PM! FREE! UVA CHAPEL! WTJU PRESENTS + + ENJOY WITH US!
Who's feeling some hookah and BudLight tonight? Don't forget to use your app for some free drinks (;
me too what movie?
Join us for HAPPY HOUR this Friday and enter to WIN a pair of tickets to see VAN HALEN!!!!
well it is a common letter - though not as common as in Spanish, where the e precedes most S words
Tha world y'all live in hate 100 niggas
vegan Mac, vegan lasagna, vegan tri-veggie and other options. We have and ingredients!
ok i guess i believe #jeghan but at the teen choice awards we will now 4 sure
i hid all my shit under daves bed
thought of you when I saw this, you could enter!
(to watch)
If the Heat are going to win today, they have to make their 3 pointers. Chalmers has to step up, same with Miller and Battier
LoL...they sure did. We'll work on that Boston gig.
You are the epitome of compassion and tact, ha ha
IM FUXKING CRYIN. SJDBJFNNK I MISSED MY BABES ON MY TV SCREEN SO MUCH
thats actually on my list lol.....sure thing ms lady
Im Getting A Tattoo on my 18th.... How am I gunna break it to my #habesha Mother? lmaoo
Last day of highschool. I'm a fighting knight now.
"I'm not like most girls." --Most girls
Wish I'd been able to make it to #BASHH today!
met my first #roc twit-ebrity tonight:
Read rap rock!!!!
This is what you tweeted???
On Friday, May 4, President Obama will welcome the University of Kentucky men’s basketball team to the White House
working on my masterpiece.
happy birthday!!!<3
We want to know! Do you get BBQ sauce all over your face while eating ribs or do you eat them with a fork?
Thanks love!!!!!
Awh, why is it suspended?
Thank you for the advice!
is an inspiration of mine.
my favorite memories of 2011 were when I met u at Cort Theater in the spring & this summer when i saw u 'sSummerBlowout <U+2665>
So i want to get to know you all better feel free to shoot me a message on here or simply post on the wall whatever you want to do !
Anyone doing anything tonight that doesn't involve getting drunk?
I'm a strict creationist when it comes to the theory of language evolution. Don't teach #ginormous in schools!
What! But Michelle put on weight to play Marilyn! I heard it was like, 10 pounds! That's the rule, right?
Who is your favorite artist and what do they do? Post a link or image and earn good Karma for sharing the love!
Thank god he made one!
Country Joe & The Fish's Feel Like I'm Fixing To Die Rag is fun and perfect for a Vietnam discussion. Or Bob Dylan.
My car always smells like food. Today: Chinese.
If each of the four umps make a bad call during a game, is that a "Golden Sombrero"? RT M's get a "make up" call from umps
twitches...Twitter Bitches?
Why is Spotify saying Pretty Hate Machine is from 2011?
I swear my feet hurt worse than anyone at bdubs! hahaha but seriously!
sale is still on! $1.99 for a mix1?! Oh my!
Only if the second wrong is righting the first one. How do Castro's crimes right the wrongs of western exploitation?
Somehow missed feeling the earthquake that all my coworkers felt. Guess we're more sensitive to movement in the new 10th floor digs.
Bronson's voice rises, takes on insistent tone as asked if remembers. "No! Nothing. I remember going to bed...God as my witness, I don't."
#MyMomRocks Because she shows me all the right things to do
do we have those in pdx?
Only dif' is that I can back my claim. ;p Keep commercializing and buying hi$tory. #Obey, and all that Jazz..
Kobe passed that end of 3rd quarter shot to Blake so he wouldn't ruin his stats
Hello everyone, I'm looking forward to growing with you.
why haven't you been on formspring in for like ever? Lol(:
Any links to letters to give to ADM to use mobile devices in the classroom? thanks
A wise girl leaves before she is left
Make sure to add content from student-created events like Harvard's Thinks Big 2.
Watched the Preds play, now I'm watching the ex-Preds play. You're welcome for your team Philly.
Deep down inside, I am a #swagged out goldfish. In a circle bowl with a mermaid.
Do you ever follow back?
WHO CRASHED WARPED UK SITE!?!?!?!?
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
I actually took some time to stop and smell the roses today....They dont really smell very good at all...and now I cant stop sneezing.
The SC Dalmatian mix is now officially "Pajamas" & is in NC. Has gained wt but needs more. Sweety!
thats whats up. throw something on there if you want. or send us something new?
Weekend please come faster. Like now.
#3wordstodescribeme undocumented, determined, proud
I was spending too much time on it & there was so much drama. Was going to try to stay away for a week, but it's been 4 months.
Updated MacBook Pro Slated For March Arrival | eWEEK Europe UK eweekeurope.co.uk/news/updated-m…
Counting >35 employees on the floor @ Lincoln Park Apple Store. Other retailers should take note - #efficiency #humanvalue #tech!
Post grad: working 40 hours a week and trying to pen at least 3 articles a month. Feels like vacation compared to the last few years.
has drunkenly realized that she has been hung up on the same guy for a few years now.......f.m.l. ::sigh::
Haha, not yet, but that's the goal! As always, we appreciate the support.
i did! didyou get it!?
Students to take ownership?
I'M TOO GROWNN.
THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE WAS FOR H-TOWN SO STAND-UP ARE THANK ME LATER MUCH LOVE
I had a dream that Justin Bieber wrote the lyrics to Motivation and then he started singing them. And then said he loves that song. O.-
Saturday morning cartoons replaced by Saturday morning premiere league.
Yes we did briefly.
Sometimes I feel sad for girls that have ugly asses...I'm just sayin
it's going to the Unions and Banks what GE don"t get
Want your opinions: Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students - do I leave up the notes, etc. from this year or start fresh?
It was terrific meeting you, too! I love meeting more Orlando writers. Good luck with your MS!
"you're stupider than me" Really? Stupider isn't a word!
Thanks for the follow, and yes - health is KEY to everything!! :)
Preventative Care: Lung Cancer kills more than cervical, breast, colon and prostate cancer each year. Ask your doctor to get screened...
RT Proud of my squad looking forward to celebrating with next thurs
Give this cover girl some love? ;)
I think the vote is worth at least an appetizer or two.
Don't give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.
west side/hudson river trail that runs down manhattan! It's the bomb!
Yeah Boy!! Represent for the underground #tsunamibrothers rip shit up...
Indy would be up at least 10 if refs aren't shitty...
I have seen 34 more concerts this year compared to 2000. I must have been in a music Y2K bunker. www.theconcertstage.com/lists.html
I think Kreider is really good too. Think he's going to be great. Seems to be a speed skater.
Tell me what sport is more exciting than this? Doesn't get any better than playoff hockey.
" sinqinq my life with his words!" #lauryn hill
Anyone else really enjoying the new Blonde roast at Starbucks? I'm normally an Americano person, but I'm mixing it up.
That's exactly my confusion, ! You obviously do original reporting, yet didn't mention that as a role for journos!
syracuse game has to be fixed
It's amazing how life can change in the blink of an eye. If its going bad, it changes, if it's going good it changes.
I think I'm finally back into the swing of school or maybe I just have my head towards the top of the water.
Is there EVER easy parking in Beverly Hills? Grrrr.
then gtfo of it -.-
IM PISS TO THE MAX!!!!!! RIGHT NOW *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?
I'm so bored. Don't know what to tweet :(
so wrong. lol!
I'm doing a #Twitter class w/my smarter than me colleagues. Becoming such a techie #technology or #trekkie or
Outdoor Wedding Tips With Regard To Summer » Sophie Pad
All that twitters isn't told.
the jet engine has taken off at least 3 times! These are brand new too so they much be coming back from the dead!
citibank is hiring. put my name on the app we will split the referral
I've got the moves like Jagger. Really. I do.
I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
Rangers/Devils is going to be a nasty series someone may get killed
And now the tire watches tv..
Looking 4ward to #Newlyweds screening 2nite. Shot on 5d, our primary cam for LiteraryLA. Get to see it in action on big screen
Done. Thanks man, I appreciate it! How's training going?
bring my ipod tomorrow its in the garage
will do, DM an email address
Thanks for coming in on St. Paddy's Day Weekend!
i wish could see my tweets :'(
I have a bball game 2night during ur Austream.so can u record it an put it on keek so i can watch it when my games over? ilysm
No problem! we are staying plenty warm
Glad to ring in 1st #ThirstyThursday 2012 with cheers to
Piers is just a boisterous defanged snake.
M, mini candy bars.
Aw thanks!
lol there are a lot of random things I miss about basketball season <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
#NP in the mashup office.. "What Makes You Beautiful" by
Everybody follow!
Hey Gaslamp Killer and Daedalus...Is there a DC show Sunday Nov. 7? Where?
i love sushi
Im EZ tag like Peter Pan.
last minute request for 3-4 writers to join me in an #AWP panel on writing and fragments.
Well that was a very informative and very metal session with HELLYEAH on live. Haha!!
"Casper"?! Where's your creativity?
Ladies, when a man opens doors for you, pulls out your chair, he's being polite. He's not insulting you. Say thank you, don't cuss him out.
im ready
where are you at now?
This year I promise to start my obnoxiously loud new years countdown at 300 seconds as opposed to the traditional final 60 seconds.
Thanks for tweeting my profile of Fabio Luisi!
": will you be at musicfest?"debating which day r u going
I love mine! One of the best products I own.
So the old episodes of The Office decided not to work. Or any video, for that matter. Oh well, I'm just gonna go to bed. G'night twitter<3
thanks man!
I dream my paintings and then I paint my dreams. *Vincent Van Gogh*
Our Open House is TODAY! From 3-6. Beer tasting from Custom BrewCrafters and air soft shooting gallery from Crosman. Come by!
Got to work late, and I'm ready to leave early. Lol.
RT : are we able to access via iPad? >>ipad doesn't support flash :( so you won't be able to see slides
I am of course, when is it a good time 4 me 2 poke u? :)
Caught a DVR Real Time episode...Kennedy the former MTV VJ is obnoxious and needs to have her mouth shut via horsecock or a good thunderslap
no that's your nickname assface
health insurance companies can, and will, continue to charge the consumer whatever they want.
is it bad that i feel single even though I'm in a relationship?
On set for Res-Life, great day!
longest drink quiz.
When are you getting in tomorrow? Also the hotel lobby is super-swank.
Love is what you make it
I need to stop thinking my man is talkn to other females..
RT : RT : at #smss12, thank you for your passionate presentation about #CustomerService and...
had my girlfriend for the test c; lol
Rick also prefer that a man should marry a manly man
If a turtle loses his shell is he homeless or naked? Neither. He's dead.
#100thingsilove my man
We're dreamers....we're bitter Jet fans.
Murray to miss Davis Cup tie World No.4 Andy Murray will miss Great Britain's Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone second round match with Belgiu
Come and work off that dinner in Stan's Lounge!
just got home & my drunk ass neighbor just asked me to spin at his house party next door. Shits pretty crackin. Bout to grab the cpu.
Incredible. They'll replace it, so that's good.
Prayers and best wishes for Clark Terry and his family. CT is one of the giants of blues idiom music, a master of trumpet and flugelhorn.
not happy at all may not go to semi people ditch me when we planned this is when i wish i just have a great boyfriend who can comfort me
We had an Internet outage in our Library and Dept. of Imaging Services but we are now back online! Sorry for any delay in emails.
Ah, but Missouri lacks the awesome-yet-terrifying roma driver-lady and her village-pants-wearing child
Awkward moment #Mileyismyparadise is trending and she's here..
Break a leg on your opening of ANNIE tonight!
haha! It is left wide open for interpretation isn't it??
Happy Birthday to me and my sis<U+2665>!!!!!!!
Yep shoulda skipped my classes this morning
So sad to hear of the passing of Dick Clark. What a long, wonderful life he had.
what are you watching?
I got a Q for the #SPN fam, why is it that they still call the demon that infected Meg, Meg? Why don't we know her name yet? We knew Ruby's.
My work email isn't responding this morning. Maybe that's a sign I should call it a holiday weekend early?
k what time
Man...my big brother killed it onstage tonight. I'm proud of you man!
It's a beautiful day in #Ballard! Don't let your #Allergies ruin your fun in the sun!
Meek mill mixtape
Two wrinkles & a stretch mark, and she's "marked down" like last season's merchandise that's sold at half price, LoL!
Recent survey shows 72% of patients bleed during a dental cleaning, signaling an open wound & pathway to infection. l www.closys.com
Couldn't decide what listen to so I'm going through all the songs on my iPod alphabetically beginning with Tracey Thorn's A-Z.
We will be working on these Ryan Braun shirt designs all tomorrow! Congrads to him and the Brewers !
I will never pay for pussy. Anyone can get pussy.
hahaha yeh but not my body's favor!!!! unless i start triple workouts!!
"54% of women use social networking sites daily compared with only 43% of men" says
Coach Hue Jackson is planning to launch the Oakland Chapter of Learning is Cool! Check it out soon and get involved!
Your a dirty boy
What was your original opinion?
Social media upends spin cycle: "can change the nat'l conversation in head-snapping speed." re Susan G. Komen
Ex: 10 min wait for train at Foggy Bttm. Arrives, boards, & offloads. No announcements in our car. Now waiting (again) & late for work.
S/O to my new follower
I see you have the same profession as me
It all boils down to something. Gotta figure out what that something is.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
o i wont! i only talk to gentlemen and he is one so far. I have a real good feeling bout him but i still got the guard up!
Ha I laugh even harder now. You + fave word to use. Even though he's from Cali.
We grow by remaining fully conscious of the gifts we are given
yep. This year confirmed its rigged. Donald deserved better scores all season.
I'm pretty sure Habitat for Humanity started as a way for Jimmy to build houses for all his baby mommas on the down low.
thanks for all the fun and great discussion at last week's meetings! Always a good day to be with JB...esp live @ in-person!
At church we watched a part of an Adam sandler movie & in the middle of church the pastor starts singing Best I Ever Had. (:
Having a GREAT time at CIEE in #neworleans with and keep the #jazz coming!
Authorities: Body of missing NJ teen found in green acres park in burlington twp
The extended #NIKE commercial that aired during #Idol....classic. Hilarious.
figured out to make Word do dot leaders.
“: Now taking applications to be me girlfriend.”
May have to stay up late for this one!
I finished our project
If you're single, make the best of it. It's not because you're not good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
My only requirement to help- be genuine
Here at Portland City Hall for
about to streak through the streets if it is actually over 70 and sunny here 4 days in a row
How did I not know about WP-Snippets??
BUT that mom should be ashamed of herself for allowing this. She is still the mom. Disgusting.
what an adorable pup!
omg YES!!! haha best day ever.
Don't live in fear expecting the worst, live in faith and expect the best!
it's one of the big mysteries of this whole disaster
RT to win a #SweetJack voucher for a one month membership! A winner will be chosen April 6th at 5 pm EST
don't you say that i've gone crazy, because i haven't gone crazy yet. no i haven't gone crazy yet.
#followmedylan please folloe me!!! I would be so happy!!!!!!!!!!
Louis Tomlinson drunk called me because I like eating carrots and after that we ate carrots all night :D perfect together!
That's funny! I'm so glad you were able to make it, man.
AUSTIN NEEDS TO COME TO THE UK!:D
Thanks Kachet! I think it went really well...maybe your turn next?
we are all pulling for you, got a bigtime year in front of you, bills #1 D baby!
Big Beat Bachata
Some guys look really hot all dressed up
#winning duh
Going going, back back, to Cali, Cali.
What are you up to? Scala, Rails, Spring?
Why u still up sexy x
Yes it is totally worth everything.
Thank you for the follow, John, the poet!
S/O for following MhMusic follow
“I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.” ~ Bill Cosby (thank you, )
yes, ms has signed up for the service
No life.
- sure there is. I can add a link there. you're the copywriter. Can you think of a creative spin?
Cody Temple excited about the move from OL to Defensive Tackle.
Somewhere in North Korea, millions of people are secretly celebrating in silence, the human rights that they've just earned.
I have a new SearchMe link for Google. Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/kyliehansen - From t.vizibility.com
Doing a little research and would like to get my FB and Twitter Fam input. Why do you think most people are not fulfilling their purpose in
"Gotta take an hour nap before T2" is not something I ever imagined myself thinking.
#3WordsForYou Please Follow Me!?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Check out tonight's news at 5:30 to see me and other student leaders talk about the new food pantry!
Aaaahhh!!!! Such a weird thought! I'm not ready for it!
Friday... everyone have a great weekend
We should "not sleep well" when people are suffering--"you don't sleep well"
Nothing like a nice rain shower to remind you you're not waterproof.
Kazan: ex-police chief Safarov (quit after the recent torture scandal) becomes the republic's new deputy prime minister. thoughts?
Every wrong decision is in fact a correct decision but taken at a wrong time so my friends don't regret..don't stop..keep walking ahead.
U WILL PAY ATTENTION TO ME!!!
"Social media is a low level discourse." DISCUSS
yum city!
nobody cares
Hiked el yunque with hubby on hump day
please follow she is you biggest fan!46
HelloJackie, I recommend for you and your mom Healthy Cofee USA, iNC. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity..
Lol I havnt heard handlebars in forever! Cause I can lead the nation with a microphone.
hell yeah Kadlac!!!!
but I see what he's saying, it is true for some but definitely not all...
Do you think you would be able to work at the same job as your significant other? Have you before?
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one. ~Jane Howard
Help me get my followers to 1000 before !!!!
We are heading to China next week to source new loose leaf teas. Any requests?
I think almost everyone I know gets stressed out by moving. It's high on the list of Life Change Events, or whatever they call 'em.
- commitment...a key word.
Starting a daily running and exercise schedule tomorrow(:
We will share your suggestion-Thanks! #Monicals RT : you need a cheeseburger pizza.
I would appreciate if somebody preferably "him" would text back plz plz plz
Our boy Broxton just became the first pitcher in 46 years to end a game with back to back hit batsmen
OMG GO TO BED
We Love that you Love music
I am looking for the contact to pitch information about a NP in Atlanta. Beat: ATL local news. Can you help? Thx
: On the internet, no one knows you’re seedless.
send me a picture! I wanna see your dress! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hahaha I love that you remember that! It's so unforgettable and would be an overnight YouTube sensation!!
Well that was a weird event that just happened
New details in the case of a 5 year old ABQ boy who police say was abused. We are live on scene with all the details at 10 on
The 2nd most popular baby boy name in Texas is José. You just gotta love demographics - coming soon to a legislature near you!
Happy Easter! My niece keeps feeding me chocolates.
Vacation with in 22 days. #thankgod <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><U+270C><U+2600>
WOW.. THESE RACERS ARE GIVING THEM ALL THEY WANT.. LETSGO!!
let's not say that, cause idk shxt they bee talkin bout! I bee zoned out
Felt a bit like Spring finally today. Sun was out. Hot dog stand was ready. Let's keep this up! :)
BUILD YOUR SELF WORTH for REALS.... EVEN in our present ECONOMY...Invest in U....REALLY :-))))))
Hatch is hiring! Give us a call at (414) 272-4544 to see if we have the position you've been looking for!
Understanding your own personal cause help you deliver a more precise and clear message to your customers.
I'm convinced GDOT has no clue what it's doing. Emergency lanes open for rush hour traffic?
Travolta done pissed someone off & they're spilling his tea. It's cute how people are pretending to be shocked..hmm
. no. i was joking. They have standards.
If the flyers focused more on getting the puck then hitting they might actually have a chance in this game
Which I guess supports what I was trying to explain to students about 1970s malaise, rise of conservatism, Reagan's appeal, etc...
Can the #Bucks just cut Bogut loose? The guy is a fucking fortune cookie, just crumbles quickly.
My ankle just went pop. Owww :/
We are off to NAMM tomorrow, check out NOTION3 at booth #7019 or go online at www.notionmusic.com
Those late night talks where we talk to each other about everything.. > >
“: them heat fans looking like us lakers fans lol”
some ice cream sounds good right now...:)
I found my first sponsor for the MS CALIFORNIA pageant!!! IGIGI, a plus size designer is giving me a GOWN!!!!!
we play life hard.
SHOUT OUT TO
CONSTRUCTION: I-5 northbound on-ramp @ 134th in Salmon Creek, closed tonight, tomorrow, and Friday from 11pm-5am
I'm guessing that this has caused you some heartache in the pass.
somebody come get this homemade pimento cheese away from me. its so good.
There's nothing like the feeling of knowing you've accomplished something in spite of the Pain!
Follow back!! >_<
Love makes asses of us all. -- Shakespeare
What the hell is this 50 cent and jason staten movie. This game of russian roulette they playing is SICK!
I give up. "My Futuristic Nonfiction Novel about the Transformation of Religion is a combination of religion and science fiction"
- very short memories 'round these parts
Wishing wasn't starting so early this morning!!! yargh.
i think im getting sick
Because you have been running around in my head all day
hahaha hey now, I think that's just New York style. If we like u, we bust your chops a little bit! But it's all love there!!! :-)
great review of can't wait to take it in.
Im hungry..spaghetti anyone
TONIGHTS THE NIGHT!!! 7PM at the Gate w/ The New Post, When Lambs Became Lions, Corsair (Fresno), and Streetside Vinyl! COME SEE US!!
we miss you too Dx watch you come back next year & I leave :o
I am watching at the Hollywood Bowl and loving it! He ran all the way to the back--a treat for us in the cheap seats!
the countdown begins!!!! :D
ay boss. if you foreal, we got you!
I don't know , heard Gamel doesn't have the best work ethic, has been out of shape etc. Hope that's not true - pulling 4 him.
The stock market may go up again next week.
Bum-mer! MT : Madison, your chance to eat loose meat sandwiches ends May 26. The proprietors of Nifty 50's will be retiring.
Oh my firemen!!!!
i would need to fast-forward the video
Top 10: Drive/ The Artist/ The Descendants/ The Tree of Life/ A Separation/ Hugo/ 50/50/ Cave of Forgotten Dreams/ Midnight in Paris/ Rango
well done! That's fantastic!
RT : Don't assume you're the customer. You're not. They are. Show early, Show often. Test your content
when you're checking yourself out in the window of a car, only to realize someone is inside. :l
Well I sure hope your bro gets to 10 Million Followers , #hacked (:
So happy for #Octavia Spencer! She was awesome, but I love the line #"Minnie don't burn no chicken!" She said that just like my Aunt Louise
Beta testing for the new Propellerheads Recycle 2.2. Gonna see what's new under the hood.
$8 for a banh-mi is appalling.
Weakest #BGC EVER. What kind of lames have to jump people? Don't be mad at the twins cuz they ran it, you followers! Ha!
Next few days will decide my future. #untilfriday!
haha I'm so far outta the commercial media loop it's not even funny. Is it a show worth watching?
Just talking about the verified Twitter account.
See with eagle glance through conventionalisms, Ella
same here bc our convos r always <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
A Good Appetite: See You Later, Pizza, This Dough Is for Calzones
This is the problem with focusing on appropriation as an explanatory framework: a technique rather than a history.
SUCK IT, TWITTER for Deleting my Toronto TwitVid...last time I looked, we've still got that first amendment thing on our side, right? FUCK U
Hi! I just saw your tweet at me on my personal I was gonna tweet you back but since I'm on here it's easier, whats up?! :)
last night at pure was awesome!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that be musty as fuuuucckk...
is there an email address I can contact you at regarding movie quality music videos?
Signing this TE from Dallas might cost the team too.
.NET Software Architect job in Boston, MA - Development: .NET / C# ...
Gonna get some tanks at Hot Topic up there in the process since GIRLS LOVE THE TANKS. :D
in #generalhospital James Franco has a ton of paintings and pictures of himself naked in his apartment Lolz
Steve Harvey is the most entertaining tv show host.
Having a heart and being afraid to love someone, is like having wings and being afraid of heights.
no problem and you can either tweet the pic to here or to my personal
. <U+2764> RT : My Little Sister Is SO Awesome
So now Stanza e-reader is dead, the only book app halfway useful to me. Not that I've ever actually read an ebook.
Haven't gotten a chance to play any of the new DLC. All my friends are playing Masa Effect and Battlefield. Hate playing randoms.
Stomach a' rumblin this morning? Try our new Orange Citrus Bread! It would go great with a White Mocha!
Thanks to all my students who came up with some very creative tweets on the #roaring20s today.
SOON TO BE PUBLISHING BOOK BASED ON MY TWEETS THEN WILL TWEET BOOK ON TWEETER THEN POOP ANOTHER BOOK
Lost on those myself. Doesn't make me want to watch football though. ;)
Everybody in the club getting tipsy!!!!
RT Coyote Ugly. I only know it because.. well come on, there's hot women in few clothes! (Don't forget the drinks!)
Have a Cadillac Repair question? Ask for help on the forum
Awesome seeing you! And I really enjoyed it, now I just need to work on my patience because I'm eager to get married haha
I can listen to Brian Dawkins speak any day of the week. All truth, no BS.
Where I'm suppose to be lol hbu RT : we're u been stranger
Just about to start! Tune in now so you don't miss a thing! Http://massiverocketradio.com
#walmart protest today in #sandiego get the latest next
Cool whip, strawberries, Nutella. Anything with Nutella is bomb.
That sounds like a wonderful trip, Kate! Tweet us if you need any help planning your visit.
Logic fail RT : Gov Walker says his "divide and conquer" statement referred to him "standing up for hardworking taxpayers"
PENALTY, Stephan Deroux gets his 2nd of the game. on the power play
Thank you for playing your heart out, staggering everyone breaking records&most of all inspiring so many by being a stand up guy
For a while there was a police car in Waldport, strategically parked to deter speeders. Someone stuck a *for sale* sign on the windshield.
just watched someone take out an ipass gate at the 94/80 interchange. On purpose. Hilarious.
u drew that?.
#FF for our friend Jillian Congratulations on your grand opening of The Dog House
The living things van got stolen in Philly! Total nightmare I hope the thief gets cancer. Thanks to for filling in-1hr to doors!
thank God she isnt.
He just snapped tho.
awesome way to mix it up have you ever tried a #BeerFloat best mix of desert and
How did Costas get back for the highlights so fast? Did he take the NBC helicopter (Emmy 1) back to 30 Rock?!
that's awesome! I'm glad you had a good time. I've never been out there.
RT : #Lastminute #valentine day #gift #deals are live on screens now around
Oh, heck. Give him one for me too.
Happy MayDay(Parade)!
As a parent, you should never guilt trip your own children.
Except that it doesn't taste good and fills you up too fast. And moral? Really?
heading to Dermalogica for the day....
Percy must be feeling well.
OH YOU LUCKY DUCK. My exams aren't until later like... Friday haha
People also are turned off by descriptors used when talking abt MI or MH: psycho, nutso, deranged, etc.
i feel like you're not suppose to "appreciate" the tutors by eating the food that's there to "appreciate" them.
idkw but today is one of those day that i get thru w forced smile and fake laugh. i feel bad.
Happy Monday! Cake Fetish will be hiring for the summer! Personable, hard-working, flexibility wanted! Email resumes!
i really dont feel like going through my itunes and changing all the tracks to actual song titles
Just bought guitar :-)
To, 2, Too nice outside to be stuck at work, in a building in NYC. arghhhh
I wish. you have a bbm ?
wow, u are 100% right. we like the challenge. so maybe the winning outcome would be challenge us, be a dick, then be nice?!
#teamfollowback #film #indy ..five campers on a reunion camping trip whom, after visiting the legendary Paulding Light, begin to fall...
Im very conscientious about my aging process. Therefore, in order to avoid laugh lines I will start saying LOL instead of actually laughing
Green thumbs up for GREEN TEAm
“The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.”~ Irving Berlin
Speed queen too, they have a one lane drive thru so you gotta order something and they only take cash.
thank you for the RT, those are very powerful words!
You know u r a #belieber when ever u see a range rover u think of Justin bieber.
#NBA i do a blog the day after any games that come on National TV so make sure u check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 ***SUBSCRIBE***
The zombies in the park they're looking for my heart<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><U+270C>
Expreses Sadnes @ Death of Legendary DC Go-go Musician #ChuckBrown -the “Godfather of Go-go,” has died RIP Chuck, we love u!
yeah man how you doing still singing? You sounded great that night.
My Mistake
I've never heard, I think I'll do tomorrow, my favorite band is Disturbed!!
#BecauseOfNicki mental illness is socially acceptable.
Talking to #oomf all day. She's a true character.
Greatly appreciated. When did it go out? RT Hope our email to all of #dctech Meetup helped :)
Oh so THIS is why I don't drink rum
Correct, it's highly awesome ;) RT : Just realized someone named was following me. I think this is awesome..?!
This is all assuming of course that when the Bat-Wedding happened we would have a child... then we would HAVE to die.
I got beat in my player
the somgs name is the ruler and the killer. Its on itunes
“: Fans already protest Kraft's poor stewardship of the team by dressing up as empty seats.” That a great idea.
"Target the right journal." Seek advice from #AmericanU editors about placement.
The news today mentioned its important to self check to make sure you do not have breast cancer, Please DO! Also, Make it fun, ask for help!
Some people complain that roses have thorns. I am grateful that thorns have roses. ~Alphonse Karr
so many people are saying such terrible things about snooki. i'm so shitty.
Come on by! We're open till 3am Wed-Sat! Also, & are right around the corner for drinks!!!
can i get a ticket at the door?
Sittin at the crib watch a show on vh1
You can't hold a grudge against all niggas cuz u been hurt once or twice
Baltimore pals: best restaurant in the city to try to get into softshell crab?
All I want in life is Vince's for dinner. I feel you're the only person who would understand
lol I see u
Hosted my first jam with today. And man was it fun! Can't get over how hype the crowd was.
YAY FOR ME!
wish me happy birthday? :)
saturday in gaithersburg?
working at the CSCC ERC now, definitely more populated today.
Yeah, cuz Americans pumping millions of dollars into our own economy is so bad. ;)
Daytime karaoke today at the wicked hop 2-6
I run a indie music blog, I wrote about you guys a year ago. Time for an update. Up for a email interview?
fall down seven times, stand up eight.
RT : I have falling in love with this 4th and Forever show...
almost forgot to say thx to for comin thru! and i didn't even send out a text blast ;)
blue eyeshadow is bad ass wear it all the time.. especially ,
No matter how FedEx tried to confuse people - everyone still calls it Kinko's.
Let's see which happens FIRST. Joe Arpaio convicted of doing ANYTHING wrong, or ERIC HOLDER admitted to SHERIFF JOE's TENT-CITY
Carlos Boozer is the biggest person on the court like really he need to be checked for that side betting shit
you are on my mind and iyiyi think you da one(:
I just want to sleeeppp.
Heading to Gainseville tonight to play Lounge! Come on out and join us!
Does he mean-mug across the table like KG? #gottaseeit RT Everything said about KG last week is 100x more true about Paul Allen
When guys try to make you jealous .
I was not blessed to be a Mom. But its okay. Cuz Im still blessed. <3
I Miss You Too!!! How have you been? :)
Beware the ides of March.
thank you :)
Headed home to DC after a great 2 days teaching Italy at International Culinary Center NYC.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 29
Don't like Ankiels face
I like your hair color :)
Appreciate the love, man!
hey, check us out! we're new to vegas from florida. Let us know what you think! our EP is up on our page for free download:]
lets get close and personal
I Wanna Go To The Hookah Bar In A Couple Of Weeks.
My first tweet.
Parent's anniversary tonight.
“: Hope ur tune in to VH1 right now!” Eyes glued to the TV!
that the drinking made me real sick. I should have known better!
Thats sweet so am i i'm in love with his voice and i really wanna meet him :)
#BayArea #Restaurants and #venues: Reach the Facebook and Mobile community with the click of one button. Try www.shastic.com!
Me and a guy was at work talking about playing "crate ball"back in the day... Need I say more of a description? Lol
It's better to say I'm glad I did than I wish I had.......
Just saw yesterday, 141 minutes of dudes kicking the crap out of each other.
good morning! Still not sure how I feel about Apple using celebs. Commercial has same feel but plays diff w/ SLJ or Zooey D.
spends way too much time on twitter.
It's raining bar tape and gearsets here at the shop!
Late night banana and nutella ftw! But a doritos locos taco sounds good. Drop me one off? :)
If anyone wants to come to dinner with me shoot me a text! Going to
With 100% of precincts reporting, Wausau Mayor has received 70% of the vote, unofficially defeating Ed Gale in the Mayoral Race.
no not sad fucking anoying is wut it is
Thanks so much!
Happy birthday ! I love you!
Thanks Greg! Hope you have a great weekend also!
the gf has Florida State in the finals.
“ Right here .” Non textin ass.
Yes! “: Padres announce former #Brewers RHP Jeff Suppan will start Wednesday vs. #Brewers .”
I got 2 elephants and a giraffe as pets
We understand that you are getting a new #Costco in the Silver Spring area??? Is that true?
That awkward moment when someone is watching you eat.
Thanks !!! As always appreciate the help
'Do bears ride unicycles?'
Very cool!
Good Morning!!!!<U+2665><U+2665>
When you're with someone you like, you're silent. Then later you think of everything you could have said to them.
Happy St. Patricks Day:-) Who's going to drink green beer tonight?
Something that caffeine, worry and a to-do list gets in the way of RT : ...sleep? What's that...
Oh no! Tebow! We got a ball game...
how is she a whore?
she was de-"FLOUR"-Ed lol hahaha
Hey everybody
this only happens bc you can't have anymore beer & pizza!
Kanye cough cough best cough in the game cough
Awesome closing session by
Smart group! “: Thanks for taking time to indulge with insight into the industry & landing jobs!”
I think I'm ready now
“: When someone says to me "I hate you." I automatically respond "I love you too." .”
if you a top notch b*tch lemmme hear you holllla
Just about 72 hours until i get to hear 's voice. ugh
Ha ha, awesome.
Part of running a good campaign is knowing when to get out. Well done, Bless you and your family.
where THE FUCK are you?!
when I ask a question, I want an answer..not another question!! Dangit!
Safe travels and Great win. I have NONE voice from screaming on top of a Sinus Cold, but had to represent at the watch party.
Most of the problems in life comes because of 2 reasons . First, we act without thinking second,We keep thinking without acting
Thrilled to see my friend on Twitter. And she's even hit the #lrnchat circuit!
Laying on the floor
I know you meant "think", but there's something magical about "thing Pippi Longstocking w/snot." Children's horror book?
Am loving everything about class...except the fact that I only have 3 left :(
i could probably sleep for an entire 24 hours right now and still yawn when I wake up...
Absolutely. Thank you again!
NO I WILL NOT SHUT UP XD
Check out whyzz' site for answers to all your kid's questions. Thanks for the shout out!
What if there was no Google?" ... "I don't know, Google it.
great talk at #iwny . Loved that you mentioned health of the ball players.
YOU KNOW =]
Maybe I don't want to hear "We Are The Champions" directly after "We Will Rock You". Maybe I prefer them as two separate radio songs.
Aww you are so adorable!!!
o yes that was funny!
you should let people know that they can listen live with iPhone on the espnradio app
I got off work at 11 and have to go right back at 9 and I need to study for my pharm test monday.
(ehem) my official excuse is bad slide technology on my phone.
Time to start thinking about gettng your boat ready for the season! Recharge your batteries with endless power with the PowerHotSpot!
Is that what the starving kids in Africa say too? Which god are you referring to? There are SO many these days
yw monica... NY ts girl here now fully sub in training with Mistress Susan now to become her pet kitti kathy
Hi TWITTER!!!! HAVENT BEEN ON HERE FOR A WHILE!!!^^
Today: Black History Month Film: 10am Mighty Times: Children's March-FREE, discussion by Kit Miller
Hi Joey - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
ahaha ill walk n get it with an umbrella, or i might have my moms car either way
Randy's Shirt: love it or over the top?
Labor Day??? Yep, we're open from 9am-2pm. Last minute grilling accessories and more available for your convenience!!!
Disney should make a princess with no hair so that little girls with cancer can still feel beautiful & relate to her. <U+266A> <U+2764>
If being Facebook friends with a clothing store gets me discounts, does that make us "friends with benefits"?
RT anybody else lovin the way tweets? VEVO in the Navi tbh “: love this sh*t! Congrats to you and the Navi!”
I'm so tired of care what people think and judge about me. Do they think they are good enough
Thanks, you also!
Travis & his students from LYDIA will also be sharing their story at tonight's Launch Party! Come and meet them yourself....
Hope you are feeling better by now!
Grass roots = something created by Fox News advertising
There was a greater service need at Lakeview Cemetery to help clean/preserve the Garfield Monument. Headed over...
are you writing chapter 3 and chapter 10? :D
i'll go to the end of the rainbow and bring niall back to you all
“: Reed starts our little presentation with his signature magic routine. Don't be late to #IDEA10. (Start time: 9:15)”
Awe just said " busy bee"
My Prays got out the Martin Family, brother Zimmerman and his family IN JESUS NAME AMEN.........
Life guidance lessons from Everyday.
I hope my old stomping grounds in the district are still rockin' - way to represent on #dcinmiami mission!!
Wednesday $1.00 Breakfast Taco 8:00am - 11:30am Made fresh to your order. We do not hold premade tacos in a warmer!! Real Food!!
#zap follows me:)
Not sure what you mean. Sorry! ^BPS
Today, Somali and Latino immigrants are ralling. They plan on closing bank accounts with Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank
I can do freelance, yes. I checked out your site. Let's talk specifics. Want me to email your booking address?
#allrelationshipsneed a Man and a Woman..no lil boy/girl mess
we got 9 scores recorded for you (Pxmv-50)
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 8
Due to a traffic accident West Market St between Pleasant Ridge Rd & Landmark Dr is closed in both directions. Look for alt. routes.
why not be happy Because if you're sad. You are sad all the time you will be crying all the time.
We're having a Talent Showcase throughout the summer on the third Friday of each month, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Second time at Eclectic Cafe, and the service was 100x's better than the first time.
watching Clipper highlights Blake Griffin-got it-& my mija has a crush on him
is seriously so pretty..i wish i was exactly like her
Films edited with commentary in 2000 by Barstow. #orphans8 describes experiences not always evident in films
so like check this out my mom read my tweets and now she mad lol
Lol that's more like it
Could be an icy commute this morning as temperatures drop. Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS and we'll keep you updated on traffic.
Good resource: RT “: Tomorrow 10-2 Free Legal Clinic-open to all Legal Aid 500 E. Lexington St.21202 meet w/ a volunteer lawyer”
I'll miss twittering with you during meetings!
Volim Te to my BFF. Tonight is the night of celebration for us Minaa; Maybach Crew!
:O CLassified? Blackjack? VIP? :D Of course!!! xD lol
game is on KTTV channel 11. You should go ahead and order another drink now tho. COL 4 LAD 0
Okay, so feel like I climbed Everest at work today. Now, back to work on mimba...got some meta & RESTness to plug in...
I still can. :p
Not So Secret Sale Anymore (whoops)!! 15% off jewelry & bags this week with any service!
am returning your tweet
That's normally when temperature starts to drop. That may have something to do with it.
hey ms Judi (: I have to say you are one of the craziest girls on bad girls club and love games!!!! Are you still with Matt?
Now all we need is love stickam
i luv it
wat to do
I wish my dorm room came equipped with a fireplace... That would be nice... :-)
Thanks for the RT! Lookin' forward to hanging at your blog next week for the Men of Omnific contest. ;-)
MY YEAR DIDN'T START OFF RIGHT BUT IT SHOLL WILL END RIGHT
Sorry to hear about your experience. Anything we can do to help?
Trying to psych myself up to start shoveling.
Good morning Denver! 6:45 and it's already a gorgeous, sunny day. 81 degrees today, beautiful mountains & day 3 of camp
It's been real, broken finger, but I'd really like to write again
Ok, we just made a brand new fresh batch of Gluten Free cookies....you have GOT to try these things, even if you arent Gluten free...amazing
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow Don't come into my life unless you plan on staying in it 'cause I tend to get attached easily.
she was looking for food xD and she was hot!
Breaking news: Summit County Sweet Skunk is back on the shelves!
happy late Easter <3
they are cuz I'm pms-y and hungry. Lethal combo which leads to nonsensical tweets around feeding times. My apologies
#GOP #potus #Debate It's the #economy not #Religion {- - What #Independents are saying tonight for $500
Mint M&Ms make Trish feel better too. Offerings accepted any time. :-)
I hate it when I have to decamp to the bathroom every wk bc of tornadic storms. So not used to this
See you soon!
I am gonna be celebrating my freedom tonight at THE TICKET on pat booker rd at 7pm, come watch the SPURS and have a drink with me!
I must de-acquisition my collection of paper-based books. 753 is too many.
Attention Charlotte's Web Cast and Crew! Bios are due today at 5 p.m! -Encore Staff
The way Peyton Manning handled free agency should be a blueprint for athletes everywhere.
yo momma teeth so bad...when she smiles it looks like her tongue is in jail....
I need more #abq business owners to join the I found a wrinkle this morning.
our Feb is real busy - i will be here every weekend working. & we have 3 events for the next 2 weeks in january. how is everything at rupp?
Tayra !! hey i'll be back later !
I'm addicted to #popcorn, anybody wanna try an intervention with me?
Book giveaway! Who wants a copy of James Cone's "The Cross and the Lynching Tree"? 1st to email:
Does this mean haute sweatshirts have officially reached critical mass now that #NicolasGhesquiere has given his blessing?
no problem!
That classic 666-6666 taxi ad on with the song and snapping fingers is reclaiming the devil's digits
stupid crazy.
Thanks dood. Especially for taking a pic of my fatty cheeks! ;)
We'll try to sell you out of the HopSconsin Imper Red via Open House 4/19 - 6pm at your downtown Mad brewpub
It's more probable (not much more, but more) that Kobe, Pau, Bynum, and Ron dominate, than OKC just destroys us in 4.
Brought extra pair of pants and shoes due to the torrential rains on my walk to work. But no extra socks . . .
penny sales tax strictly for education
You like good music and manga. That's pretty cool! :)
Can someone please help me reach 3,700 followers? PLEASE MONSTERS <33
If you are in the construction business looking for a software management solution from a great company, check them out.
I wanna skate like old times with my old friends.
No Rest. Headed to the StudiO. [goin in.] 24 hours away from the LAUNCH...
I'm back
hey so what is the buzz! now out in the media www.sendittomeokay.com
Have a great weekend! Come visit and say hello. :)
hey you!!
#WonderCon, wait for me!!!
Kris Kringle really lives in the North Pole. But he drives a 1984 Ford Tempo & he delivers Pizza instead of working in a mgiacal toy shop
Congrats on the Dove Award!!!!
haha probably. The 9:30 was pretty empty though!
The lady at Kohls today said as I was checking out, these dresses are gorgeous, do you work in an office? HAHAHAHA! (I don't). ;)
What do I have to do to be rich? Dayum, this work shit is for the birds....smh
aha I Busted Out Laughing!!!
it was useful! I joined the pilot team for my library's digital project lab, and I work with tech and youth services
haha I can tell. Go to sleep! x)
Thanks for the thanks!
Unintentionally watching #NewGirl. It is very not good.
For the next 7 hours swing by Wahoo's Fish Taco and get the deal shown here: Free Meal @ Wahoo's TODAY!
knowing "0" it is very informative. I just found a number of friends/groups using it. U? RT : #mojowebinar is...
hey wanna go out and get some pizza?
This just in ... #PresidentObama will address the Jorge Posada crisis at 8pm during a televised address to the nation.
RT , the Center for Victims of torture advocates to end torture and helps victims and survivors. Great group.
I'm about to drag Justin on that stage.
Now I aint judging, Im just saying, quit putting on a fake look.It's a problem if people only know you’re a Christian through your Facebook.
havent been online for three days coz i have so much to study but it looks like i've missed out some #BIEBER stuff.
I'm going back in an hour for Zumba lol
Alright, Sox.. ya done good...
I love how you make us smile with every tweet, especially this one :) #Swaggy ••Believer For Ever••
Well, gonna leave with Ivonne soon. I think I look ugly, but then again, I can't just make myself look pretty if I can't find my contacts.
not cool yo.
The Cavs will need how many lottery picks it takes to get the right players. Don't have many trade assets.
Thx for creating this. We're compiling 9/11 reflections. to "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Throw your arms around the world at Christmas time!
Nice one bubba.... (what a silly name)
we can't throw them a party cuz they r too antisocial but we must take them to the park :) and make them a cake #MommasBoys<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Braised Beef, Turnip Greens, Roasted Carrots, Salad & Cookie...our new TV diner, starts today! Get @ it! 404.681.4434
Dr. Dietz showed great photos of what a typical American eats or ate now, and a half century ago.
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
Im Thanking God for favor!
many thanks for the +K yesterday. Have a great weekend!
ooohhh how is it!? I've been wanting to read it but Barnes and Noble was sold out!
Oh LoL Ok, Damn Technology Has Come A Long Way.. #Salute Fam Thankz For Answering My Question!
Curse you agencies for not having one complete 50 states delimited text file of data, forcing me to download 50 states individually
I don't speak it fluently D; I know how to say little things though lol
Apparently we are having a pre party..... 8 cars pulled up... I love my peeps
Druck as hell, no throwing up
sounds perfect. Interested in the overall event, a pdf, or a page/web with all info?
Ed Hardy's new tagline - "A sea of douche." Everybody walking around like a multicolor Massengill nightmare.
haha yeah man. You're on the right track
bo! Happy Halloween! ... I'm going as a GIRAFFE!
Lol! Agree! My ears bleed when she comes on the radio.
Talent-laden Bellator 60 Card Invades The Venue at Horseshoe Hammond on Friday, March 9
There's still time to get yourself, brother, sister, parents and/or relative a tee at allWIdoiswin.com
I Hear A Baby Crying O.o
SamBangs Lost all respect for tonight. Wow. Super bitch nonsense behind the scenes of
I've really been trying to win this contest! Haha
shhh! That can't be good for business.
16 die in attack on Nigeria church
oh bro!
Apparently the dude that was singing off-key just found & commented on my blog, or someone else who is just overly paranoid.
Hey! If you out here in AZ, come visit me! :) I'll buy 1st round!
ahhahhaah ok night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
Even guys want that even if some of us act to hard to admit it
Print is sustainable, Print is effective & print CAN BE enviro friendly. As an industry we're ahead of the pack
Black swan<3
2Chainz is killing the game.
And God said "Let there be coffee.". This stuff is Fucking amazing though right!?
L!VE Recording Tonight || Summer Breeze Concert Series || Takoma Station || Tweet For Complimentary admission
lol. Well I wouldnt call it messing with
aw, you do not want to hear, lay out on beach, have sunburn, bike ride to city, now working on projects, the perfect day ;)
Can you create video replies to reviews? Thus creating a pseudo-interactive dialogue
Excited for the Hooshot and After the Fall showcase tonight at Lava Jay's at 8. Then ours tomorrow night!
Sad That I Gotta Sit Here And Worry Bout My Personal Stuff Will Get Broke Or Not! Can't Live Like This!
woah. Your gorgeous!(:
haha, hope that mystery didn't come w/ a headache this morning!
hahahaha. Yea rite. Did u listen to the song?? Wat u think about it..
Yes ...ready to go to bed lol ....wayne some better ...I just ignore ....u ok?
HE'S NOT REAL!! RT : Screw this Sarah Phillips BS, I want to know who @ RHancock19 really is.
What she didn't offer to "Lend a Hand"? i know i would of ..
I just listened to your voicemail. You're awesome and I thought I'd share that with the world of Twitter. #
I saw that! Thanks! Sad you can't be at the event :(
In other news, my sister notified me of a meth-lab literally on my street
Road closings are from 7:00 am- 2:00 pm. Enjoy your weekend!
Were my niggaz at
Next release #calgary will focus on #bigdata #paas #mobile and #BI /analytics.
alright, go ahead! :D
Damn! Awake in the middle of the nite! I knew I should have taken my full dose of sleep meds!
You're welcome!
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music?
@ hopy guys had a great show! Hope to see you guys play before your tour!
i love your music and your style... You are my favorite female vocalist...
oh freaking hell i feel dumb now..
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 Three groups of faculty learners: Discovers, explores, innovators
I think I am addicted now too
Whats the weather like everywhere else?? It's sunny and 75 degrees here in LA!
I'm doing great, how are you? Hope you have a nice weekend coming up. :)
#NamesForMyChildren Hey, Hey You, Hey You Little Dude.....
Thank you...hopefully it won't be too bad, especially as it's close.
Lmao! RT : Sometimes I look at what someone is wearing and I can't help but think, "bitch did you give up on life?"
Happy Birthday Ian.. You are an amazing guy and thank you for creating ISF <3 Hope you have a wonderful day
#Browns You just got bitch slapped. You didn't see the 300lbs purple jersey?
wtf are you serious?????
that had to be the cutest thing i've seen today.
Thanks for your support and for joining us at the show.
Who else owns a large record collection? I have over 3500 dance and hip-hop records from 70's til now.
has now joined twitter!!!!
Now I wish that I could have this Moment 4 Life, 4 life.
Saying Wassup Is Like Martin Payne. Choose Your Friends Wisr. Cause if you dont hanging with them is the most dangerest thing. Be wise.
I just got told to rectify everything.psssh...ive been drinkin all day, id rather wreck everything
Brightened my day :) Thank you! Have a beautiful day, BOSS!
I would sell my first born for that opportunity. Haha!
First trip to last night for Valentines Day, and have to say it was definitely all it's cracked up to be. Top notch!
Have you tried our Jimmy Burger? It has Pimento Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, and Jalapeno Jelly. It leaves some speechless.
Pretty Woman.....Willy Wonka! LMBO How am I doing?!?
The honor is mine!
well i would consider it! (:
Reading about very cool things going on with - event management software solutions.
This fact or faked show just got real.
here there everywhere, running late, early and not running at all. Should have time to catch up tomorrow
Just saw a rainbow! Awesome.
yep, it's fixed....for now. Did I just say I was excitedhappy? That's kinda awesome.
LGBT Civil Rights March/Rally DC. Check facebook messages. Thx Wanda! Woot!
and still have Archie Bradley who is probably gonna be the best of all them a couple years away
I think if the Heat don't win this year I'm going to cry for LeBron.
LMAO! smokin good ish? “: You, sir, are insane. RT : The Jets may have the best receiving corps in football.”
well im the “therapist” so i say how much an hour >:D
one day!
Hell yea yu had me on hold for a while lol
Lots of work this week designing/ bidding green roof & living wall projects. Xtra long Memorial weeknd white water rafting on the Kern River
hoping its not to late to prepare for the worst...
Today Show finds the important stories covering local CO HS yearbook editorial review process.
You have a girlfriend. I don't know why that is so hard to get through my head.
Easter Sunday Mother's receive complementary unlimited mimosas, kids under 10 enjoy a free entree off the kids menu! Easter Bunny at Brunch!
oh LAWD. how long is that gonna go on for?
Be nice and smile to everyone you meet. You don't know what they are going through, and they may need that smile. And treasure it.
this is totally going to be me next week. Except I'll be staring wondering why the urinals are in the women's room.
What?! Maybe u should stop drinking
alright then.
At the skylines new album. <3 sex to my ears.
na he nice, that's my dude
mchale Rockets! Now he/they just need some players.
@ AlexisNiki See you at this weekend!
I am not a sifi chic! Oh lordy! These next 2 hrs are gonna be harsh!
a few days late but, bitc does indeed look awesome, either way I'm happy to see systems programming move forward!
We have bubblers, or corner water markets in the hood. Take your pick.
Going to a funeral today. Ugh it's supposed to be cold and rainy. ;(
ONE MORE DAY OF HELL !
I here about the new pitcher for the Nationals is really great- Strasburg , maybe I should paint a ball of their new field.
Happy Easter
The Sept/Oct edition of 's VOICE: An Immigration Dialogue is out. Please read #immigration stories: bit.ly/rrUyPz
I asked about global question...let's talk next break.
No, but the mac & cheese at is delicious.
thanks for the follow :)
When we have 1000 followers on twitter, we're going to pick ONE lucky follower to win a new Ipod Touch! Better RT this!
Got my seafood fix awesome! Would you expect anything else
Beware of these PMs... "I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this?" It hacks your twitter acct. I clicked on it earlier today. Sorry.
Occupy protesters say they're going to take over bank-owned property in NE Portland tomorrow & will stay indefinitely.
and all the boys and most of the girls pushed me and tamia away before we hit her ...
My 3-for-1 blockbuster in the 'Sports Illustrated & Friends' league is complete: I gave up Jose Reyes/Gio Gonzalez/Ricky Romero for CarGo
Move Confident, Hit Hard, Celebrate with Class and real Champions give back and hold it down for the streets and the poor people
SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take any 3 or more workshops over $49 in April and save $20.
Just got a 3TB hard drive :):) SO NEEDED!! My other six are full lol...
All work and no play makes arod a dull boy - and I am really feeling like a dull boy right now - I need a break!
how'd the callback go???? Sexy mama :)
I think that and both compile those.
haha... Sorry... Yeah we were but I was sort of half yelling half giggling... And then we were all gasping for air and laughing
And that's the difference between a man and a boy
You have to be a fuck to girls these days to make them want you. Maybe it's about that time.
Ditto! I always look forward to your inspiring tweets! You rock!
We're at the Moksha Festival all day today at the Broad Stage in Santa Monica (11TH & Santa Monica Blvd.). Swing by for an ice cold !
Make it a wonderful Friday anna weekend!
up like i aint got work at 9am. smh
read receipts dont lie
you guys are the real a past unknown or your are fake.
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
WOW. Unreal finish in Philly!!!
U just ruined the surprise everyone was excited for!
Like anarchism? Like science fiction? You'll probably like us!
any update on the server issues? I can't get to my reading plan on iOS!
THIS IS BRINGING BACK SO MANY MEMORIES IM DYING GUISE
Conner Smith is a punk.
great tips.. thanks
Four hours later...still in the #atl airport waiting on our plane to show...need a bed or a dj....what's up?!
Oh. well they only have
Daily GTKY question: What’s the best comic book movie to date?
oh ok awesome.
Just text me when you get there so I can meet you :) I'll probably be by the merch table anyway lol.
who called you that?
If you should come here? Yes.
haha i try n it seems to always fall back to me -__-
Hell yeah!
Got All That Remains stuck in my head.
Nah. Then what bait would we use to get people to follow us on social media or join our email list? Bwah-ha-ha. ; )
Courageous is an absolutely amazing film. Go see it.
may i ask you something
Hcg Side Effects Wiki
Wow, 0 following and followers. Something is wrong with Twitter.
can you #DoIt like i #DoIt ?
...every breath they take seems like a gift from Santa Claus.
They say, "Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you."
I wish I knew the ratio to which Arizona tea mixed Tea and lemonade in their Arnie Palmies :'(
Smith broke a heel let's take a timeout!
oh, we got yer wet rub!
SOMEONE HaCKED MY ACCOUNt!!!
Forgettingnsarah marshall in so I should be able to gets some Z's . That movie puts me to sleep everytime
Getting bored of da ordinary quotes? Den u shud follow now 4more unique quotes.
My tires have an odd attraction to potholes.
: lunch time Fort Wayne - what are you eating today? Anything out of the ordinary? //Picnic with the family today
i was actually thinking about getting shrooms this weekend
No where at my school do they turn on the AC, now it's being too Eco friendly.
Realization: I've gotten to the age where, when I'm in a crowd, everyone looks kind of familiar.
wow shouldn't have been fired!!
You're just embarrassing yourself.
I missed it D: uh I'm so mad
shall we??
It means that this round of #ArtPlace grant apps was extremely competitive. More ppl want to do this work than AP can fund
so jealous! sounds like it'll be a great time! have fun!!
Now comes the Frankenstein scene. Only it's more like the book than the movie.
Kameron Lowe being sent into a thankless shitstorm? I'm shocked...
lol you prolly have something to funny to say lol i know the only funny thing on you cant be your head lol jk ..
Haha teachers don't tell me to get off my phone as you text lol.
Hey San Diego! I'm playing on Monday, 2/20/2012 pm. See Y'all. Just like Michael, "I'll be there."
Happy Fat Tuesday. :)
its going 2b so good! RT another literary/music night w/ help of featuring fav author Joe Meno.
nah man, its cuz he is in New York
The Webinars that are free could have a PayPal donation button.
there's a storage space below the stairwell for you to live in.
Stupid bus stopped running
sent to u text.. i was like o oh
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 87
Time to head to Louisville
Am I gudd girl
Hey, I like the new blue you.
happy birthday!
I just walked by #OccupyDC and I must say that they are AWESOME!
I just really wanna unload all my feelings on here but I don't want everybody at school to know what's going on in my brain.
yes: ...no no, no need to take off your uniforms :) let us buy you a drink for saving our lives :)
I'm developing a plan of attack, the objective is 2 get people 2 spend money for a tix 2 a summer sequel, on a comedy show instead. Get me?
Oh Yeah!! - Boston takes Best Chef Northeast - Congrats Tim Cushman from o ya -
hop off my dick inspector davis
#CanIBeHonestWithYou you probably think I like you but chances are I don't.
The sad moment when the sign says leaving from milltown lol. I love milltown.
yeah. Terminal cancer...
Mark Zuckerberg? Although I'd need to get a green hoodie :S
If Darrell Waltrip makes one more Ricky Bobby comment, I'm afraid Will Ferrell will quit acting and Talladega will stop hosting races.
Great way to close #The AMA's. killed it!
so I should stop coding my mobile sites in the WAP protocol?
Yes, only if she can really put it behind her. He's human. Forgiving is possible, but forgetting is hard as hell.
Aguirre is the last hope for the Panthers in the 9th, down 3.
Insurance said that we can stay somewhere , hotel and submit receipts...
In freakishly good mood considering I'm starting a detox tomorrow. Looking forward to powdered wood chips & Dino kale sludge!
Now within the city limits, but what the heck is going on on the Bay Bridge today?!
Up early
not happening!
We should be able to text 911. You know, just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.
thanks for the shout!
Knowing there's a "NO!!!" doesn't help.
Happiness is in your hands. But what if ur hands been tied..
Childish gambino is being streamed live on youtube
Scotty since you are under 18 do your parents go with you on tour?
it's brunch, duh
Another day another dollar....
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
#20thingsaboutme is polo!!!!
Great teamwork and team unity makes things happen more than anything else in organizations, More than skills, processes, policies, more tha…
we're playing again "Trio Faze" may 26th i think Hills Cafe.. i thought we were on cinco de mayo too at diff club i let u know
you guys were in Ap & R section YEAH!!!!!!
for sure man! It was good seeing you..maybe see you at battle royale?
RT : I watch Hoarders to feel better about myself that no one has been in my place and seen how cluttered and insane it is.
Fete for long-time curator Clark Center today! BBQ and everything that goes with it. And Lincoln Logs! And cake!
embarrassing myself on omegle. all day, all night
taped to the light pole
Haha, I got a 2nd channel just upload videos that don't even belong on my 1st channel. I will never create more than 2.
news just in...cannon and ball launching the panto - Aladdin.
CW Richmond () is here!
Hazards of playing Words with (Actual) Friends: they will all discover what they suspected all along: that you are a bit of an idiot.
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Love it! RT : Thanks for the follow! I'm a proud supporter of the Project.
Sunset Sessions Rock. Who's in?
You too man!!
Mike Mullin telling VP Biden to keep it up with the Rosary...Classic
I wonder if I have love & basketball on DVD lol
me to i love my friends how weird they are and funny i wish austin would come here though
Happy Valentine's Day Everybody
i thought it went well, i fixed the leak, but i just noticed one in a bolt i replaced, need to tighten..hopefully that's all..
Come on #CSURams! So excited to see local teams in the tourney, can't wait for tonights game as well!
Not drunk jay
I think the goal is to post zeroes. No?
SR said it was a regular cast member, right?
Our friendship won't ever be the same again...
Dallas,TX- Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 500 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I was in high-school when Columbine happened.
Man im salty my lil cuz took his own life... #rip lil cuz
Dude, me too.
your to good of a man to get on that level leave that for the birds
So happy the reached their goal of 3,450 donors this week! The total goal of 5,000 doesn't seem so far away!
sweet! Ru on tour for the summer?
my all-time favorite comic #superhero is Magik - maybe because she could teleport and has a sword. next are Batman and Marshal Law, tied.
So apparently Skype has been sitting hung at 100% CPU usage for the last hour, and I've missed some messages. Fantastic.
have fun!! You'll do great I know it :)
*GASP* blasphemy!
Hope one of these stations call me...ill go any where
Yes! RT : #Agree!!! RT : I feel so lucky to live in a city that has a lake &amp; a beautiful (cont) http://...
Fun time at #ompf. Lots of people I dig. Always forget how damn much I love the space.
never trust a chick the second time around u bond to get kick in the nu
Take a risk and enjoy the fall.
helps to improve alertness and
Follow back hun?:)<U+2665>
interview! #loveher miss that concert. <U+2764>
People eat what they can afford, there's no "yuck" in that.
Your line?
If you are coming to auditions tomorrow, retweet this message.
Dork/small world factor re: ? Her husband/business partner sold me my new iMac. (#itisglorious #applelove)
Since they can't get volunteers to drive to Indy for a project, the society can't get volunteers. Uggg!
ohh did ya find it on YouTube??
o i c. Lol
Don't - it's THAT bad.
Check out this show! Black in Latin America -Haiti & Dominican Republic: An Island Divided,
Wildavsky key to innovation and economic growth free flow of people and ideas
If your parents call you a liar, remind them about the Tooth Fairy & Santa Claus .... Then walk away like a boss
young money is on riding Kobe dick cuz drake said the same shit
Watching the #bachelor from last night, and cannot handle how awkward Jamie was. I can't even watch.
RT: "To b yourself in a world constantly trying to make u something else is the greatest accomplishment." RalphWaldoEmerson
Hahahah how does you tweeting that make me a stalker? Lmao Brady your crazzyyyyy
Finally back in the A!
Want vegetarian meals but didn't reserve when you registered? Stop by registration before the end of the day to request.
And that's why I can't ask you.
Really really really great movie
so did Atticus and Zane. They were singing along to the old songs.
Niggas ain't loyal, niggas ain't loyal & these voices in my head saying these niggas ain't for you
Nothing good ever trends. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I give it 1 more year before it's gone. :) I say this as a non-user, though!
Who loves orange soda.? #kel loves orange soda!
Sitting in detention...
who's that?
Recruiters (not MLM!) check out www.theladders.com now allow recruiters free search and postings! Woo Hoo! Thx Ladders!
:) couldn't have asked for a better group of people to spend the night with
aw but I like the gay you lol
Pioneer Introduces Its Most Powerful Internal BDXL/BD/DVD/CD Recordable Drive
Free carwash day!
I think the local sourcing movement started in CA b/c the growing season there is longer. Year-round strawberries! Luxury.
yep, they're all back. You'll notice the music is a little more pop-leaning again too.
13 hour days are best closed out with good music and a glass of wine.
In a bar and woman just asked bartender if there was a pay phone around. I just landed in 1974.
Wonder if #Idaho politicians knew if the fetus they wanted to save is gay, would they still fight for its rights?
Testing with students, writing ETRs, and parent meetings. Oh, my! It must be a Monday. :)
ready for the movies
That was DANK.
loved it! Second half was super fun!
i mite slide Want some more ink
Oh, mom. "I enjoyed today even though you all made me feel horrible at midday."
Our happy hour just ended, but our sister bar has it going on until 8:00PM
Moneybags McGee
Life's to short to even care at all. Woah oh.
no NBA ON THANKGIVING DAY I SAY THESE NIGGAS IS GREEDY
my dream consisted of zombies&werewolves. I was also dreaming about the lion king scene where mufasa was going to die but I saved him :,)
Chicken Parmesan Is My Favorite
keep eating!
What are you going to do to stay fit this week?
Hah, just put on the #nyr vs #wsh game & the rangers immediately score.
Thanks Susan
Dex: If Cinderella's shoe fit perfectly then how did it fall off in the first place? Me: Good Question....
#MikeLupica is so full of shit. On sports reporters in Dec., he said Braun's camp leaked the positive test result. Where's the proof?
Wait -- totally random: How much longer are you in Chicago?
Happy Easter! Or Passover, or whatever you believe in... Embrace that you need to be back to life again. :)
what is the perfect location?
thanks for the retweet. Would really love to have the chance to chat again. We're working really, really hard.
I Followed Please Follow mee!! [:
wait, are you at my house? And why are my kids calling you 'mama'?
What she said -> excited for who is going to kick some 5k booty tomorrow. Can't wait to hear about your PR girl!
once you follow me too HAHA XD don't worry i'll follow you, just tweet me xx
Happy Birthday!! :) xx
I'm all set up and ready or business at the Indy Christmas Gift and Hobby Show today-Sun. Save $50 on your ezWalker Performance Insole!...
Finally visited new American wing at only to be technologically owned by a little girl. Still love the period room touch screens!
#blocSTAR RT : It still trips me out that people ask for my autograph.
Every time I get a new follower on Instagram, I be like "who this, how they even, seriously?"...
Welcome and to #AlliClass!
Follow along tonight #JCSwithBAO #SUinNYCTheater for tweets during talk back w/ cast of Jesus Christ Superstar starring a alum!
hey punk I miss you! Why am I cutt off again???
Rise & Grind! That is all.
Rise and grind....you know i am on it
xD I'm sorry lol, you'll get food eventually
RT : ! RT : Zeng Jinyan just told me Chen called her asking outsiders' help, said he wanted whole family to leave PRC
lol Are u tryin to say on twitter that you let me win???
Things I want to do tonight: Go see The Maine. Things I won't do tonight: Go see The Maine.
Hey hope all of you had a wonderful weekend
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger <3
waldo is
Black out. My laptop and my phone need charging.
Has anyone ever eaten at "Boutique Eat Shop" in Manhattan? is it expensive?
Good Morning all, its dark and wet, but it still has the potential to be a beautiful day!
I seriously can't wait for #TurnToYou !!!!!! ;) it WILL be #1 on iTunes :) <3 RT
lol go to sleep
U know the truth, when u have a pit in your stomach. That just won't go away.
We go on around 8 everybody! Be there :)
we should be open within a couple weeks!
Be ashamed of yourself Brian Kelly your a complete joke take your so called talents back to Cincinnati
Physical training is good, but training for godliness is much better, promising benefits in this life and in the life to come. ~Timothy 4;8~
My grandma died tonight. I will always miss you, oma :/ you were the best grandma in the world.
I thought was him!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Tht #Heat game affected my whole mood
Why am I surprised every time my bf said he did something athletic?
Looking forward to some great auditions.
get money
iPod on random means sets of 1960's one-hits, Ke$ha bubblepop, DJ Shadow in the 90's...and easily the Animaniacs soundtrack next.
Congrats to for becoming our 250th follower! <3
oh I'm sure he NOTICES. I mean, CMON. LBJ's HAIRLINE has it's own twitter LOL
ML: Evangelicals don't see themselves as a conserving influence. They see themselves as reformers
Alright, , I was wondering if this was a subject, today
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
#Giants reliever Guillermo Mota is suspended 100 games for violating MLB's drug policy.
I'm here for the weekend but I go back to GA today. ill be moving here on the 15th
All I need is for these next few weeks to go by quickly. I'm ready to start the new chapter in my life.
hahaha:) i think ur the only person who noticed that tweet!
#BestLeapEver is seeing my tweet on espn2, haha, love the channel and your show is fantastic!!!
congrats Rob, I have really enjoyed following your training. Enjoy those cookies, I only get to eat carrots the whole week
Listening to Gabe Zichermann at Winning Strategies
luckily for my head, I'm on the shady side of the hotel!
Do you share your signature meal with Ava?
yeah they have some fuckin problems!
Great seeing tonight ! Get ready Denver for #DrinkLocal!
thanks so much! I hope the room is in Paris.
hi out there I'm Bord i need someone to talk to. anybody talk to me.
No, but it is a bit tricky to overlay task management on top of data entry
R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys
/40 yrs go by with someone laying in your bed...40 yrs of things you say you wished you'd never said/
I'm getting a true Dose of Disneyland in one week! WILL MAKE NEXT WEEK EPIC!
Jut got my copy of #chopsticks in the mail, yes! So far I'm loving it!
Rain is the best cuddle weather C(^_^C)
crunch time.. will i make it? #don'tknow
kind of a bummer of a day...our womens hockey team lost in national championship game...to the Gophers. Still a great season!!
is gross! talking about dropping her nasty farts and shits!
O! We want to hear: Submit your language love stories to !
thx to the motivation of every season of the biggest loser and you I've lost 27lbs
": #nowplaying Payphone - Maroon 5" I LOVE THAT SONG :D I love you guys too :D
We're recruiting candidates for an Accounting position in the Downtown area. For details, call us @ 414-272-4544 or apply !
hey #chicago go check out the moon... it's orange!
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
It is true though. He really just isn't real.
You're in the mood for a burger, aren't you? Come by and have one of our scrumptious creations. McDonald's ain't got nothin' on us...
Was talking to a neighbor at the front of my house and Kimi came up to get rubs and give head butts.
I got a castle in County Steve you can use whenever you want.
compared to how you normally talk.
#np Drake ft. Rick Ross-Lord Knows
planning my move into the new place. where will I put all my books and stuff without any furniture?
The last reason to buy a Ford is now dead. RIP Carroll Shelby.
RT : #Cancers love to be naked or half naked in their homes.
NICE. took a growler of the pale on Tuesday. Bestplace in
Sweet Frog for lunch..peach and strawberry was good
PR lesson of the week, #mombloggers are the nicest!
It was good! I love it here! Bummed I missed the earthquake on the east coast though.
Twitter definitely makes it more interesting!
Looking to start reading #Google book "zero moment of truth". Good or bad read?
i'm in wal-mart
you are blaming the victim. I am a college graduate and if I follow your logic by wearing my school hoodie makes me a target
yeah twitter is pretty awesome
you really need to turn up the bass and turn down the hype man
RT RACO 2010 will be held Wednesday May 12, 2010 at the Ronald Reagan building in Washington, DC. Save the date!
No one kill me anytime soon because I don't want to die as a coward.
I can't wait to see your adorable face on my tv! It's recorded :D
No joke! She'll probably LOOK at a cinnamon roll and gain the 20lbs. back. Pfffft.
Cool man! We should have one coming out soon - will definitely keep you posted!
youl if I can get on both of those spots
How Many Storage Vendors Should You Have?
People who complain over stupid stuff <<<
Gonna be a beautiful day (and evening) in Houston...come out this evening and have some fun. Zuma Fun Center is open from 4-8p.m.
. watching #TheWay on Netflix! Everyone should see this film!
: Thanks for checking brunch out, what did you think of the sandwich?
Thanks! #gratitude ": Hey girlie girl, congrats on your new job, that's so exciting!"
Mormon Church announces plans to posthumously baptize Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.
Get 50% off your custom nutrition plan plus a discount on AMAZING muscle gain and weight loss supplements. LeonFitness.com for more info!!
Become a great producer/engineer. Thank you for your inspiration!
RT : Sunday – Service Industry Night •%30 off for all service industry workers
11 RT : What time does the gala end on Saturday?
Oh my I have a 100 followers now. Yay for me.
Terry Porter RT : 15 secs left in the game and tied at 91. Which Blazer you want with the ball?
Think I might watch Re-Animator today in celebration of Easter. What, too soon?
I don't remember giving a fuck.
Feelin like a proud mama! My three year old just picked a plum over fruit snacks!!!
I don't understand how people can have sex with someone just to have sex, not because they love them. It boggles my mind
Don't forget the stickers and temporary tattoos
Guessing Manning and Tebow were supposed to be there. Two high profile departures in the last couple weeks.
How does Chris Brown have a career? Ugh, I don't get 'pop'.
We are so close to turning the corner. We just need to correct a few little details. My kids play hard and compete!
BSF class starts tonight--studying Gospel of John.
Noel, Poythress, Goodwin, and Cauley are all great additions but people are forgetting about Ryan Harrow being eligible next year too!
#DontCare If u hate me
Never say goodbye because, saying goodbye means going away , and going away means forgetting. ~ Peter Pan <3
FB RT: Tamara Evans is now the offical owner of a Masters in Library & Information Studies. HOORAY & congrats Tamara!
hey man wuts up
Come visit the Main Library every Thursday in February at 10:10am or 11am for Whistlestop Storytime. For more information call 282-4607.
my brother did just pee off the balcony ..
First time at the shake shack. Inhaled my burger in 2 minutes.
I'm like a bird is the ultimate anthem.
GOOD MORNING MY TWEETY PIES MWAH!!!
There is no sight on earth more appealing than the sight of a woman making dinner for someone she loves.
I need to go to the mall
I know. Text me back fool :)
Seahawks just became my 2nd favorite NFL team.
Hung out with everyday this break and it still hasnt seemed like enough!
that's well put: but the thing is that even in OWS I get very little sense of that except from a minority of people
Thanks for the connection.
The sandwiches have looked home/hotel-made! #Archives: Where hunger for history & lunchtime frugality go hand in hand.
Do not dwell in the past. Do not dream of the future. Concentrate the mind on the present moment - Siddhartha Buddha
I hope my westlake buddies are coming to the meet on saturday lol...i hope they bring me food too
Quiet, non-talkative baristas make me sad. You work in coffee, damnit, be perky! I like my baristas like my twee-pop: overwhelmingly happy!
yep im ready :-)
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :(
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo follow your first thought.
im so cold ehhh
Big Fan Much #RESPECT!!!!
You've had so many cute profile pic changes lately. Like you're a spring bud, blooming a bit more daily.
25% off your whole order for those who want to grab gear tonight or tomorrow. RT and I'll DM you the code.
I could do this forever...
I'm not quite sure how that would turn out but it'll probably keep you entertained any way it goes haha
Jade's 1st Birthday party is today ! Aww my baby is growing up so fast
Yeah. Well, I got it at midnight on the 17th. Then the next day I convinced my mom to let me stay home from school so
Happy #Easter to all!
your welcome! love you too:)
Love you 2
Turkey RIP
We'll be taking questions by tweet all day! Tell us about your opinions, predictions, and ideas in regards to the
Been told "Don't worry about [est. $25 billion] Texas budget shortfall".
At #nielsenduke is suggesting that senior researchers should do the more risky things because younger scholars can't take risks.
you said that after the FG
send me some waffles, bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
awesome thanks!
Good Morning! It's Friday! What a Fantastic week! What are your plans for the weekend? We have the Werst Halloween Party tomorrow!
is everyone ready for tebow time today Go broncos!!!!
Are you watching it? I think it's hilarious! I'm down to go take a visit haha
Greensboro , NC!! We are performing tonight at the Greene Street Club!! Doors at 5!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people are constantly tweeting about how high they are
haha. I like your office!
And Diaz severely misplayed a ball in right, where Heyward should be.
May god judge you harshly for your bigotry
As a teacher, Rob has used #Evernote to document and assess student learning and progress. Then he discusses with student.
Thanks for the follow Can I have your Twitter handle?
Gaaaah, why are some guys so Damn thirsty!
A white person told me she couldn't understand what I was saying becuz I had a "black accent"...wtf!!???0_o
just wanted to make sure we were hearing the same rumors
Deus Ex Machina => Literally God from a machine, describes a miraculous or fortuitous turn of events in a work of fiction
Goldsmith's First Contact score was pretty awesome too. Insurrection and especially Nemesis by contrast blew chunks.
between hurricane and harbor as both claim to save her.
was it Lawrie or Gamel? Or both?
"You got people that's around you, they gone try they best to down you. Keep them squares up out your circle!"
Wheels down for A final #B1G road record of 6-3 is a great accomplishment. Huge team effort today against OSU!
Tequila shot howdy Slange ladies!
Damn. Can't see SUPERMOON from balcony in Coconut Grove. Could someone come over and rotate my condo!?!?
How the hell am I supposed to fit this family size lasagna into my kid's easy bake oven?
Thanks for the love, all! Didn't make it this time but had such a blast! :)
Thanks for the shoutout!
cool, thanks! a few people recommended them...made an apt for Friday :)
I just saw someone using a pay phone. That's weird, right?
I like it like that
nope :( have you ?
Couldn't do it without awesomeness of and RT : I think the branding on is beautiful!
Q5 Pinterest is the visual story teller! It's a #socialPR #branding and #SEO opportunity
going to the doctor. again. damn i hate being sick.
You're a daisy if you do!
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook
Tyler The Creator is perfect for Punkd
People still wait to go out on friday nights?
I do what I want
How to make it a GREAT day ~ "To be successful, you have to be able to relate to people; they have to be satisfied with your personality to…
wait. What. You're joking.
lmaooooo this is why we get along, your so random,
yeah my brother buildt me a pc
attention all real (street) niggas be at erotic tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Playing draw something(:
Considering NL pitchers bat all the time, inter league play, and the WS for that matter, only favors #A (aka NL).
I'll join the chorus: "The Band" (the album) changed my view of music forever. God bless you, Levon Helm.
Tomorrow it may change
I know I should go and see 1900 at the New Beverly, but I just don't know if I'm up for a 5-hour movie.
It's okay. Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend... finals and Encore! on Friday.
SCORE. No Leia-buns for me!
What a nice day! Spend it with the gf maybe?
worst nap of my life..
Never. We love when people talk to us hahaha
- Would you be interested in speaking at the 2009 Engagement and Experience Expo, it seems to be a good fit for u?
I would have said influx but technically I think that's golden hill.
that's what my neighbors keep telling me.
Have to respect what he's done RT : Rick Pitino is the best coach in college basketball hands down ..
My wife is leaving for a business trip on Sunday. She has, coincidentally, increased our renters' insurance.
All that was missing was some hot tea to get me going. The coffee just didn't do it. ;)
Twitter suggests people follow me, so they do. They read my tweets. When the butler wakes them with smelling salts, they unfollow
I'm using Everybody Needs a Rock - Byrd Baylor
Lol Im Bout To Carry This Cause Im Mad .
Time for a little Saturday early afternoon Mozart. Followed by an afternoon run to new tunes. And then live
Good grief! That's crazy. Glad you guys are okay.
I'm honored
yummy! Extra spicy please
Is there a hip-hop spoken word show tonight at 8?
Me asking you to leave wasn't telling you how angry I am.. Are you sure you wanna explanation!? Anything good isn't coming out of this!!
There is a lot going on in just the synopsis of your book. You should add some cow bell though.
Is that what geniuses do? I just carry them around in my head until they're ready to come out. It's how I've always worked.
O a birthday tweet I love it
you are the nicest person I know so you deserve it (:
Great call today with & ; forming a power-packed group of entrepreneurs and process folks. Watch for this to build
“: Shout out to my man for helping me out today. #rivercitiesfinest”. BEER-LEIVE IT!!!
I know n it sux!
The Pacer's suck smfh lol
Rolen had made Votto a much better 1st baseman
your really ganna go there with me right now ?! SaNanay hold my shit ! c;
Thanks for the RT! If only all teachers were more like cartoon characters.
YES! My day has been made! c:
Waiting for the other shoe to drop with this weather thjng. I have a feeling it's still coming.
Subtle of Google to put a "Disable Buzz" link right underneath their copyright and Terms & Privacy in Gmail's footer. Don't mind if I do.
#ohyoudidntknow If yu can't change the people around you, change the people around you..
That's a worthwhile motto for life and hot chocolate. RT : It never hurts to stop & enjoy.
Harry Potter soundtrack pandora & a cup of British Tea imported by now time to tackle some math homework.
Her gimmick is AWESOME!!! And she's freakin GREAT as a heel.
lol i'm good
Officially quit my job <U+E401>
Neva knew tracey beaker was in the film alien lol omg its just like her but, old
I've met with Lynn a few times. I'll have it fully ready for you by the end of the month :)
#NW Dead Presidents
Our local shelters are & haven't been taking in cats.In turn,people are dropping them off everywhere
Happy Mothers Day!<3
sexy picture.
my friend wants to do a song with you, doesn't know where to start in the 1st place.. Got any tips?
Good lunch. I should have warned you about getting me going on the tech meet up or API's. :)
I hope you appreciated these shoulders last night....today ive been in constant pain :) had a freaking blast though!!!
" Powerful...Detailed and revelatory investigative reporting." Booklist says of #SILENCEOFMOCKINGBIRDS A memoir of a murder.
: xoxoxo. See you at Art Bar later (probably).
200 pounds of live crawfish! Time to get our boil on!
just ok ??
Like our first-born??
no but Kemp on the DL let me activate Morneau. Not that it helps in the OF lol
yes I'm in the entertainment industry and have been for 35 years. Are you looking for a label?
The little asshole on the street sold me an ice cold, uncooked hot dog. I went back and threw it in his face & demanded a new one
Eating fresh right now
I'm sold!
Hope everyone enjoyed the holiday weekend!
any idea why US achievements aren't showing up? I'm still at 0% after completing Act 1 last night! Thought it was slow, but no..
The tongue has the power of life and death
Happy Memorial Day!
fuck this shit adam damn mathai was my favorite
Uuuuughh this morning came much too soon.
Very sad to learn that #Pete Fornatale has died. He will be missed-especially on Saturday evenings. Thank you for all of the years of music
tweeting while i pee, what's up?
Ok weather lets get this show on the road
Congrats ! Would love 2 invite U 2 #BabyBashBling w/mommy fashionista in #DC 5/19!
that's great! may i introduce you to my slushpile of psych ed research projects in various stages of completion??
So... It is October 28th. Where the Hell is #iTunes Match, ?
Marry me, today and everyday.
Goodnight . Can't stay awake .
Looks awesome! Sadly I'm at Stanford :( But I've signed up for the group now! Have a good one!
: Sweet! Cannot wait to see all the fun and shenanigans next week!
best of best worlds! choice numba two ;)
Megan Fox sexy. Lol.
Obama Signs NDAA Martial Law....WTF?
Who has red nails for #valentinesday ?
I have been drummer number two next to the great since highschool. This man can fucking PLAY
follow me bro
[Woops. Sorry for the lack of updates, but I had 3 hour long midterm!] SFR's Twitter is back, starting... NOW.
Don worry, it will work soon! At least you tried and I am REALLY Appreciated!
No :( I'm Doing English Hw
I'm a long-haired/big-bearded/vegan musician/comedy podcaster/writer in L.A. working in TV. Don't be shocked my politics lean left.
Looking forward to playing a round sometime
that movie was really say <U+E023>
Simply Sergio was simply hysterical!
Politians suck..so tired of all of them..
When I opened my eyes again my soul was happy to see this revolution of young women taking pride in the uniqueness of their curly hair.
Alright treat me good today monday
Fitbit has changed my life: no joke. Down nearly 20 since New Years. I walk daily and hike at least once a week.
So sad to hear the news about Whitney Houston. "I wanna dance with somebody" was rockin in my house for years.
Just spent about 4 hours straight playing Tribes Ascend... damn, I love this game...
haha that's what I was thinking! I found it in my house and my mom let me keep it because she knows I don't drink.
yea no more sucky Time Warner!!!!
if it works let me know
Getting excited for IBS next month... will I see you there?
Thank you! :)
I love yall, but I'm gonna start putting folks on the clock and start charging a fee for my services! LOL But it's done out of love!
how have you been?
why not?
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friend and to the teachers of Chardon High School.
<U+25CA> OK 1 comment. If Braun was guilty I'd forgive him & move on.
People don't change.. they either become more.. or less.. of who they always were!
Good morning world
congrats on the new walker.org, very fresh, exciting!
ah temptations! thats gotta be tough. i live with the bf, who is also paleo, so it helps a lot + i love to cook!
You aint ready sis....call me after bible study
Reminds me of kids pooing in the bath. Must be something cozy about dropping a deuce in warm water.
Have i not taught you anything. Walmart=Evil!
I still haven't heard shooting mentioned @ 7 mile & 94. But did hear about 5 vehicles & semi involved
but of course!
LOL! You're a mess
Galatians 5:24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
yes we do. We are the best!
it's a song!!! Haha
LOL used to do that all the time.
I will be in Chicago in July!! :) Ava we both know how much you want to come to FL ;) xx
Mike Kerr has a trusty calendar on his computer!
Have you ever tried using antengo to post horses for sale? Could be interesting...
I am a loyal customer for 10 years plus, can you PLEASE take the filter off my service that slows me down?? Please!!
Prince Royce wishes to do a duet with shakira and he prefers hamburgers than salad :-) true fact
I'm on your level with that one
haha. Just dinner. A movie actually would've made it better lol
: Definitely the The Goonies and Back To The Future.
aw haha its okay
yeah I didn't mean you(: your an exception haha!
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport.
idk what to wear
Looking for your next BIG challenge? Are you a Dev. Manager, Sr. Dev. Manager, Dir. of Dev.? Then I have that next BIG challenge for you. …
I would've started watching Boardwalk Empire sooner if I knew Michael Pitt was on it. I've had a crush on him since I was 11.
Pretty fly for a white guy. Offspring. I'm going harder than the opposite of soft things. Holla once the hook for TC is done!
Bout to go in the heat and cut some grazz
so good!
Im good, and yourself?
I'm in the market for a digital camera - good quality w/out breaking the bank. Any suggestions?
You the boss, you you you the boss babe. (;
I don't give my address to civilians. Sorry sweetie.
Yes you do. Get on it homie. :)
I just played a 118 point word in Words With Friends. It's a good day.
that's insane. I thought she was like, an 8.
So local Red Cross has Twitter, and uses it to say things like "Deploying supplies for 75 to disaster scene, lulz!" Good use of funds, dudes
Adam Jones
nope. I don't. Don't believe in them. ;-)
To my beautiful pug Otis up in heaven now...Mommy loves you forever and ever. Have fun up there...tear it up. I miss you so much already.
I want that prize.
Very true, there is! Best wishes in your future. If you ever want to discuss networking I'm happy to share also.
A windy #FF for our beloved and his tweeps:
That's awesome. Happy Holidays fellow jingle elf!
:) just rebathed my son cuz he decided he was going to do #2 twice.lol
Regina Police looking for BB gun perpetrator - News Talk 980 CJME
Blade runner is the most overrated film of all time
Early voting today for voters with religious concerns Call 202 714-3368. RT :
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
It's always darkest before the dawn
ALL W$R FANS&FRIENDS SHOULD GO LIKE The Kymatica
- what shoes?
I have internet after 21 days without it!
Lol I was thinking that.
Woodall Rodgers Park Project thinking outside the box (above the freeway.) A touch of modern europe...cafes that make regulars out of us
I thought it was epic. Will go down with Madonna's VMA "Like a Virgin"
I can quit anytime I want!
The older I get, I'm either becoming more of a blatant asshole or my friends & family are since they're blatantly calling me one now.
Great child acting, right? Definitely a GOONIES feel to it. RT : "SUPER 8 was ok... 1950s by way of 1980s by way of 2011?"
Welcome to my Fenway old-people nightmare, haters.
"Offbeat types" audition today. Was next to a guy with 2 foot long scraggly hair & cooties. He looked like Cousin It from the Addams Family.
Tired of actors with music hobbies insisting they are serious musicians. I'm looking at you BillyDudeRobbins.
today is gunna suck!
Already at 40,000 ft before I discovered chilis too made me a quesadilla with no cheese
I've never been more proud of anyone as I am of They're so incredibly talented & hardworking.. they deserve the entire world.
The sweet spot is where success and satisfaction merge. #CurefortheCommonLIfe = great read for small biz owners/entrepreneurs.
I still get down to Someday Came Suddenly.
That awkward moment when you go to the full bathroom in school, and it's so quiet you can hear EVERYTHING
I love running pick and pops for Monta. Brandon is also really good at getting to the rim if you run picks with Gooden.
I loved the Wizarding World, but we didn't get a mug! What was I thinking....
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Tweet me numbers :)
- "Man arrested trying to solicit a woman and child for sex." This is further evidence of the deterioration of Western Civilization.
Had to buy halloween candy again, even though we've had no trick or treaters yet. I was talked out of giving Sriracha.
Fuck the #ChicagoBears Organization for reporting that they have their QB and sticking with Caleb Hennie when in #playoff position
started this playoff beard, but gotta tell ya, five days in and not sure I want to go the distance.
oh well, now I gotta go get everything for today.. gonna be a long day
The previous Twitter home for #kiddori was - the home of tech tweets.
Wow! thanks to all my followers! I will do the same for you. I love to talk music, success, be sure to give you guys lots of tips!!
Although I do regret how incredibly unhealthy it must be
Any good jokes anyone?
RT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
#bayarea #talent #agencies: Shastic's got the talent! check it out! www.shastic.com
1st-Mcgahee>Bush.MIA has no shut down CB. DEN WR corps kills MIA. DEN has better Oline. U go 2 MIA to play at beach not win SBs
Austin Mahone... #SaySomething awkward moment when the songs playing on the beach and we're looking into each others eyes... yippie.
Yes, "smart people" talk about pig snouts in hot dogs.
hey go girl lol girls day to get pretty?????
who's fucking with you?
no problem at all! Good luck! #earthday 2012
I hate everything. I hate emotions.
By holding onto the past, you're damaging your future
We play in Midland , TX tomorrow w/ Such Gold and No Bragging Rights @ The Pine Box! Doors at 7:30!
Week 8: BYE
Burying your cat is not a fun way to start the day...
Suprisingly very few! Maybe I should make the questions easier next time... lol :-P
In the car wit@ jolanajordan nd the gf bout to spark it up
has 12,509 followers now!!!. video chat soon!!:)
am I the only one who hasn't seen "Weapons"? This movie playing all the H-town classics
Would like to thank my roommate for dressing me like a prostitute before this date tonight. You're welcome dc.
If karma doesn't knock you out soon, I f*ckin will!!
thanks for the follow back! Happy new year as well!!
What's strange is that reminds me so much of the Xbox Live version of Uno. Uh, with slightly more tentacles. Just slightly.
mission accomplished! Thanks!
The data diffs alone will expose the mutability of "factual" assertions. Also, dat API.
Besides, they get absorbed so rapidly by your body, that you quickly end up feeling hungry again, and at the end of the day, you overeat
And I can't find food. Bleh
My prayer for you today; that you would live to know Him better.
aww, thanks! want to try and hang out sometime in June?
thanks, lee! When is ur next gig??
On my way to church then going to a basketball game.. yee Oh Happy Birthday to my friend Kayla!!!&& nd ill see yall laterz. Dueces! :P
For #NorwegianBachelorComicBookOwners? >RT Of course the comic book shop in St Paul, MN is named Uncle Sven's.
Don't Forget Check Out My Fan Page And Click LIKE - BAM!!!!!
ugh, no. don't say hi then not reply.
Scanner Monitor: Alameda and Sable Injury Accident.
But really My <U+2665> beats for ME!
haha hell yea
Me :) RT : Who else is excited about the Tweetup at #mlanet12?
Wishing some team had hired Mangini this season so #Browns could trade all his mediocre players to his new team a la New York
I need active street team members for Tweet me - include your state.
Hm...That's where we're at (looking around sheepishly...)
Some people just don't get it
Do not underestimate the power of a business referral!
so with it. U guys got the kkb spot out there?
I have written a letter haha, but as this in Spanish, not would understand :(. I love u so much Christian<U+2665> .
the problem is espn has no problem sitting on child molestation. Thatrs the problem. I hate the the media can't take scrutiny
hahahaha that is awesome!
he's going to 100 percent be a part..he named it ha..elan is thee dude
SEEN YOUR PERFORMANCE SHOW YOU ROCKED IT GOOD JOB
what's the project?
Wow. Didn't realize #Raiders 3rd rounder was literally the last pick of the 3rd round
Men are more insecure than women these days! Fellas please get your ego up. Grown men do not wear insecurity well it's just not sexy.
Your neighbors have no respect for property. Or your garbage man is incompetent.
is making me get no sleep waiting for this questionn
Leak that shut down #SanOnofre in Jan has developed into a big problem for So. Cal. Edison. We'll speak to reps from the utility and NRC.
it's always good to hear the other view in a demographic society, right?
just banged mu leg up in the accident, had to wall with a cane for a couple of weeks
And when they think we are assholes for not taking their BS anymore, the get upset!
so true
thanks for the awesome comment and retweet, buddy!
Drama. Lies. Tears. Cheers to the teenage years.
Congratulations to you, ! You've already made an impact on #AmericanIdol & on all who are supporting you. Bravo!
At the Thurs., & were defeated. Next week, , & Leander Paes return
Do you plan to find yourself or create yourself? -PT
I ordered a deck of playing cards and the bellboy made fifty-two trips to my room
#VinylHunter is on the prowl
Me too! I am real and run my companies stream :)
Immersive environments - at what point do visitors give feedback? Is immersion mean only the physical? What does the visitor feel?
I got one the other day that only follows hugh's Bizarre
People too weak to follow their dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Great idea! RT HIMSS What about a campaign for #healthIT pros to share their greatest accomplishments via #NHITWeek?
your world will never be the same now! ;)
She gotta pretty Smile... She look real good..... Only time she need a Man... Is for that Good Good
another day, another buck....
"WHAT'S UP DUDE?" the way justin say this ahh.
Keepin on restin kobe, looks to be back his old self
such a cool concept!
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
I have now moved to headphones. Still working!
#grammys host LL Cool J and I share the same birthday (january 14, in case you want to send me a gift--I figure LL has all he needs)
cmon rhodes just one more time..it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
One week until The Rose Cup Races... Are you planning on attending?
sounds like an opportunity for a guest blog post.
trust me, i'm pushing for a supermoon cover, but old man is resisting.
Passed several sprinklers on the way home. Was SO tempted to run through them
they're totally not noticeable though so it's fine <U+E00E>
tackle the day!
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
Am trying to get a return call from Jim re: a defective toner cartridge. Please contact me.
Friday Dec 23rd. save the date. Guys press your suits, ladies get your dresses ready. We'll be raising money for in style!
Happy birthday Suzanne!
I like when people have funny names on Twitter so when I get emails from them it's like "Gretchen Wieners favorited one of your tweets!"
Are we supposed to dress nice for graduation..
is my favorite girl ever. Love you.
so nice to meet you! Hopefully I'll see you at one of my shows!
Due to safety reasons, we rock out with our index fingers at
sorry buddy, say hi to for me
Now supporter Bob Filner has the floor. He and Scott working on expanding biz
Amazing(: what about yours?
Okay well my bracket is screwed. Thanks
Uh, the #BudLightGirls just showed up... #HOT!
&& that's where i need to be.
School board's Falk asks about a public referendum on K3 funding
did you check out yet?!?
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Ain't another nigga as smart as me, I'm bout as smart as a Harvard degree
Nah not too bad. I'm going to take Spanish one next year tho and double up on languages.
please don't tell anyone about where you got your picture. i know you prob won't be just making sure. thanks xx
Weekend! You came just in time for our Pitcher Party! Torch Cherry Lemonade and Cooler de Carnival $19/pitcher-serves 4. |4-7pm
Turned on a rerun of the #Westminster dog show and immediately see the #pug AND #ShihTzu, my 2 faves
My marginal return to research is slowly declining to zero.
If these teachers don't put in the damn grades ima gonna HAM!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> lol it's fuckin up my plans.
sure. Send me your email address and I'll send you the mp3 files. (I've got several I made from key moments last year)
Keep making me jealous why don't you?
lol... Sounds just about right
then how did u know he was tweetn about u?
We're going to the Bahamas. Leesa's buying. RT : what are you doing for and I on our birthday?
Buss it wide open!
Jonny, can u recommend a good sports nutrition book?
because RTs are awesome. Its nice to know when other find info you share interesting enough to share themselves.
Grand opening of the Yolo Project. Someone has to chaperon Wes!
i'm in nyc
thats whats good, just hit me up...
#Facebook confirmed #LinkedData is mainstream. #Google (via #KnowledgeGraph) is basically doing the same for the #SemanticWeb :-) Awesome!
Godspeed, is that how fast NU b-ball goes from bad to mid-major mediocre?
Great to see you again this weekend! I hope you are enjoying our beautiful city!
Had cross country today was horrible :(
Check out our FB page for some new milestone events. Educational and amusing!
Just discovered by my 4 year old: Classic Tom & Jerry. Verdict: funniest thing EVAR!!!!111one
Not sure yet, why what's up!? =]
Wishes would shut his gloating pie hole about getting to see The Hunger Games tonight.
7 hours left of the drive to st louis
Only 30 minutes until Napa Hour!
It's the worst to be working on this beautiful day :/
It feels great outside. <3
Love when I get out of work early :) Working on my new website!!!!
Glad I could be of assistance, good luck this week!
Thai abdominal work invigorates organs, reduces stagnation, harmonizes flow of energy, balances menstrual cycles & relieves low back pain.
Trying to format a doc in Microsoft Word. More like Microsoft Worst.
Is the Genesee Donkey on Twitter yet?
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a new house :)
Happy St Patrick's Day dance, drink and feast on the traditional meal of Irish bacon and cabbage - don't forget to wash it down with Stinky!
If u want it pray have faith and #GoGetIt by any means!
Steve in a denim jacket? Who does think he is Jay Leno?
#Patriots fans should never leave #SuperIndy in a good mood
I met you yesterday and had no idea it was you you! -Daniel from bag stuffing line
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you is so fun!
S/O to the dudes at some biker bar in Nitro. Lames.
Rodeo is the official state sport of Texas, though High School Football is more popular.
yes, DJ Griggs has offers. I detailed that info in VIP News today!
ew I don't like casserole! Such a fatty! Hahahaha
Off work tomorrow but I'm trying to save money so I'm just gonna watch The Dark Knight with no pants on and get drunk tonight
when people are grieving
Just come on, I want your naked love so don't you dress it up tonight.
One Time Ms.SweetCheeks She Got TL Going Stooooopid!!!
Cop- Do you know why I pulled you over? Me- Because I fucked your mom? Cop- Get out of the car! Me- Wait! Don't I get another guess?
Surlys are so... trendy. :)
I love Columbus Day. Kids have school, I do not have work. Who cares if he really discovered Cuba? Not me.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. - John Wooden
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go. - Natalie Goldberg
Good morning MKE! Get ready for Tuesday Tips. That is a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99.
RT : There is so much to New Mexico that it is unrealistic to think it could be captured in 60 seconds. But that......
man those were the days!
yeeeeeeeeeeaaahhh y not ??
Anybody want to celebrate a bellarmine victory in Louisville tonight?
Going to sleep . Sore thraot . Choir should be interesting tomorrow . Hope I can hit those high notes ! (:
expect updates on homelessness in #rva today from #Homewardva and we're releasing data from the July
Horrible images from the Pacific Rim.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 88
The Lost finale made me cry as well, thought they were tears of disappointment.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad Tweetiquette to shout. “: DOESN'T #SHEP KNOW MAJORITY OF YOUR VIEWERS REJECT #SSM.. #etc #freedomfever #obama”
road trip michael scott style
shit I'm going too lol
Store your documents with the professionals...WCA !
It seems to good to be true but yes we do have mounted TVs and sound bars in every unit. Now leasing!
Though I'm warning people in advance the second YouTube network show is completely batshit crazy in a potentially awesome way.
Nice. Good to see you calling Wurzelbacher exactly what he is. Hope he is foolish enough to come on your show.
One of my favorite things about being at my mom's house is being able to hang my clothes on the line.
I feel summer creeping in and I'm tired of this town again
Read your book and confirmed suspicion you are great. Buying all the extras jamba on the last days of your show also helped
An Aurora, Colorado favorite for locals and travelers.
All because I dnt wanna go with her!
Bought a necklace for my gf at Kays and 10 minutes later a dude stole it from me :(
my dress is quite simple again so i can wear it again, instead of paying a lot and wearing it once same with my shoes
Actually love the smell of charcoal when people are barbecuing. Reminds me of the festivals in Croatia :)
we're celebrating the lords day at Disneyland.
If ever bump into eachother... We'll Serenade ya! =)
sleepover in room 417...
Wow, what a game at Turner Field, Braves trailed 6-0, tied it (against Halladay), then trailed 12-8, now have tied it again in the 8th
whaddup wit the battle wit u & head ice is it ever gonna drop
dogs in mentor meetings??.. never a dull moment
American Airlines and Hilton Hotels, both stars in the movie, paid nothing.
Love my Never Summer Raptor - Awesome board.
hey everybody, remember Ross Perot? #DonaldTrump doesn't.
See you in St. Louis on Sunday night. Hopefully, the Mets will have won a couple of games on this road trip before then.
A2 - Employer Brand should be the company collective "inside story" - not a personal one
A good Futurist helps you steer around techno-hype by focusing on all elements, good & bad, of a range of possible futures.
Kick-starting an AV #Archives Inventory Project tomorrow... "I'm going to Jackson..."
Getting fitted today for the RUE 21 fashion runway show <3
I just had my 4th tuna sandwich in 5 days. Is that weird?
congrats on the TC article! Random ques - who printed your business cards?
good luck maybe we'll see you around soon
white if wrong 9 out of 10 times. #manifestdestiny was fucked up!
Queen's Flash Gordon score. Homage or accident? #DoIHearThatRight?
Which nail color are you wearing? So spring! :)
thanks girly :) can't wait to see you!!
haha nice dude! thats a great movie
Golf leagues, it is time to sign up for a 2011 golf league, openings on Thursday and monday Nights. 608-244-1822
one team that will not contend for the B1G crown is IU. Cinderella the clock is striking midnight. Enjoy it.
Life's far too important a thing ever to speak seriously about.
had an awesome birthday weekend.. happy halloween :)
lay off the cigs, lady (no, sorry, actually I have no idea what you're talking about, so forgive me if i'm being an idiot!) :S
I just found out something funny my cuzzo got on the chat line last nite and she pulled some dude ..he thinks she from new orleans lmao
hope it leads to a good conversation!
ARGGH this is the second time I've managed to drop my headphones into my coffee. Seriously??!!
Wanna be the coolest dude ever? For my 25th bday tomorrow, I want to sing the stretch at #Wrigley with you and
The Athletic Department Donor Celebration will be luxurious after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
we did a webinar with him. it was somewhat helpful (after we went back and forth with feedback)
We will miss you, Maurice Sendak.
play to much!
thanks Logan!
Guess who's playing singles for the JV tennis team at the tournament!!! Me!!!!! :)
disappointed to find my alma mater sharing the views of this disgusting bigot.
Hello beautiful Sunday! I'm gonna kiss you right on the mouth.
I Think Should Be On The Tonight
You know all the yinzers are hating because you weren't watching the game...lol.
I need a #job #Chicago!! HIRE ME.
Hey, thanks for the follow.
RT : rehearsal was everything tonight...
Damn Grey's Anatomy always makes me cry.
Oracle Accelerates Business Intelligence App Deployment
Bon voyage brother.
im craving schoops ! but i know my dad is gonna make me finish this pizza from yesterday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks to my amazing friend I'm waking up in Milbrae sunshine today.
not a fan of the shades but i love the captian #IllAllowIt Mills Lane V.
RT : Live music, drink specials, and giveaways #happyhour is back today. Free pizza w/RSVP of 3+
I dont need negative energy in my life. Go somewhere else with that bullshit.
Irene in my pocket
we are trying to get to Europe next year... That's a bit of a stretch for us but sounds like a good time. meantime ST Louis Nov 14th
could move as high as 6th in the world golf rankings with a win today at Bay Hill.
ARE YOU ALL FUCKING STANDING UP?
much appreciated. New pastas coming this week! Maybe we can trump the ramp fettucini!
which undrafted horn's more likely to land on a team next year? Tucker, Gideon, Snow or Whittaker?
Our lives r defined by opportunities...even the 1s we miss-from a movie!
Your 5-Day #CureForMonotony [Mon= preseason game 730p] [Tues='Red' Center Stage] [Wed=free concert ]
smmfh idk son.....i was like wtf?! this is what's here?! man......jtfo
What is a shelter pub?
Went to Lake Cushman this past weekend,the lowest I have ever seen the lake. No jumping off the bridge this year.
Kane wins this one
HA! lazy? Who knows..
Maine! For 24 hours.
Nigga Like Me, Be Smokin While I'm Driving, Where They Do That At? #brewCity(Mary3x)
True #foodie is measured by how many types of oils and vinegars they have at home!
my grandma's funeral ._.
He's knockin on the door don't let the devil in.
Hells yeah!!! Haha that was a perfect warning!
happy Sunday backatcha.
Same here. I get a lot of weird looks after I speak.
Just stay & hold me...just stay & hold me....
Everyone lives their life according to WHO they Believe is Really “Buttering their Bread”….. Lane
Wasn't aware that Puma went to Oklahoma State with that orange...
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
you might enjoy our in-house brews which are typically more exotic concepts like coconut porter and chocolate stout
omg wolf girl? Was that meant for me? ;)
"Sorry I'm late; stuck in traffic! Story sounds really wonderful!
Over 60 followers. I feel like a baronet.
boo you whores :)
Tomorrow is our "EYP Open House". Today is the last day to RSVP. If you'd like to attend & learn more, email .
KLRU-TV's Arts in Context features the VAC's Artist-in-Residence program! Tune in tonight at 7:30 on local channel 9!
I can't imagine you 'bowling over' anyone. Unless you are walking on a route that's frequented by pedestrian toddlers.
got an email from amazon that an order of viagria has been cancelled and will not charge my account who has my debit card and email
09 Justin Focus (revisited). Inky dark, thick, intense opening up. Rhone Justin-style. Very forward, finish just keeps on going 94 pts
Getting ready to make money for all of yall!
Indeed. It is quite frustrating when media color it as "an affair", "relationship", or "had sex." ugh.
Driving in hail is scary.
Paul's letter is calling the people of Philippi to the fact that Jesus is Lord, not Caesar.
well take an xtra cheese please!
sorry. I don't smoke drugs.
I have never met someone like you who is so sensitive. Not what I want, but if it's how u want it, fine. I'm out of here.
Goodmornin!!!hope u have a nice day....
Happy #March!
I KNOW that I have REALLY let my followers DOWN by NOT KEEPING promises.I'll make it up to you! It's only the best thing that I could do.
If? Haha mine will be whether they like it or not...but I have a feeling they will love it and thank me later in life
they played "hold me now!" :)
When love turns into hate<<<<
I love Austin because he is talented, cool, sexy, cute, awesome, kind *after 2 hours* and amazing! (: he is perfect to me.
On tap today: Load/Save program banks and some exploratory sound design. VST Instrument alpha soon!
Hoping to get some great shots of the ever-so-talented tonight!
Occupy Baltimore: small and a bit messy, but also serious and inspiring
yeah buddy! Excited!
#lagirlproblems RT : Awkward moment when you get kicked out of yoga class for texting....
RT :Chris Polk is the type of sustaining RB any tm could use.Can wear down defenses late in games 4 #Packers.Soft hands/vision
not yet
You know what goes great with a snow day?? A large pizza with up to 3 toppings for just $10! Call 442-4242 to order yours now!
I need to use twitter more. #slackin'
Ill see what I can do
Oh man, that means my score goes down now. I must be less important than I was yesterday!
Sometimes, you just gotta junk out. “: Those french fries are gonna get'cha!”
Had to get gas this morning and was nearly blown over. Then, a stop downtown. The wind blown hair look is "in" today.
excellent post game coverage! Good to have you back
I seriously am so tired of everything. Just want it to end.
we do have giftcards this holiday season! Proceeds even fund a great cause!
off to take a sick kitty to the vet :(
Ha yes that was us!
Do not know how I went to grad school in Wisconsin. It's 57 degrees in Vegas and I just described that as "freezing."
later people
I am the editor at , testing out a new startup called InboxQ. My Q: Know any good b-fast spots in SF? via
learning about OS manual pages, i'm coming across some nice commands: "Specify an alternate list of files and directories containing magic."
Just dapped up someone 10 times before they let me go.
Ours is a love hate relationship. Right now? I hate you.
We're talking about sex conversations in the home today on on now!
Just heard what I thought was Mary Mary's The God In Me and was ready to sing, but alas it was really The Dream's I Love Your Girl
heard about it but have not tried it, thx. Have u checked 123d make?
your hawt ;) & I love you new single
Too bad KG's going to dominate. “: Strong performance against Kevin Garnett could pay off for 76ers big man ... - Boston Herald
Thanks, Adam--great to know. Things could get crazy after this appears in print tomorrow.
Good Morning Blessed People! Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. Spend it wisely and waste on no one!
wow #obama is going to make me cry
you will love it! Gotta start from the beginning, so many twists and turns
Party got rated, now at South Beach
Sounds about right. RT : $240 at Whole Foods...what did I buy!???
I'm Blessed Just To Be Alive Nd In My Right Mind!!!
Pfeiffer is now a partner org. Kouzes & Posner, Lencioni, great assessment tools, top notch training & consulting material, phenomenal books
OMG! Who gives a shit bout fast pitch softball? They both SUCK!
#ThingsToDoOnYourPeriod tease the hell out of the boo. Maybe a lap dance or bite the crotch of his pants. Lol
Why do people look at you like your so different...
hey boy
I was curious what Jessy Katsopolis was up to these days. Selling yogurt apparently...
YES! For realsies??You've got the morales clan behind you!
I cannot wait for the trade show next week. So excited!
don't let it hurt you. please.
: Yup. Just make sure you are using one of the four that are on the same table as the printer!
Rip Adam Yauch.........Beastie for life
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit. James Allen
HAHAHAHA I feel like I look dumb... But Stephanie!!!! I miss you!! (:
The one about Vanessa!!:)
I wanna play tennis :-/
“Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it.” — Danny Kaye
What no Kool-Aid
yes! wooooohoooo hahaha. I dunno about sharing basketball after a bar, that scares the shit out I'd me, but totally is Susie lol
LOL RT : Been babysitting the Grandkids for 4 hours. Ready for wine in... 3 hours ago.
carolyn? Or other people lol
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER !
216% is a very specific number. :-)
I have no doubts that plenty of Dems simply didn't care who the nominee is and are more concerned with the general election
Wine and food event open to public at Riveria Club, 5640 N Illinois. No admission. Offering along with 5 others. 6-10pm.
Who do you have in the 49ers Saints game?
right! I heard there is some kinky shit in that book...
okay so, if austin were an animal, he would be a/an...
On The Road Again...
Need snacks for the play off games! go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
@ #womenwisdomwine w Good crowd
Ha and that is in addition of course to a lot of greens and root veggies. They include recipes for the unfamiliar veg, good blog.
We can't wait! RT : 3 Floyds night Tues 1/31. Tapping more than 10 of our beers. See you there.
Well, anyways, I'm going to go take a hot shower. It's a like regular shower, but with me in it. ~*~*
Come visit your Alaskan Angels! Please? *Puppy Dog Face*
Sometimes people just point blank don't deserve your attention.. i tried to be nice. now i'm
Oreos are a given. I need a movie suggestion please. Netflix and red lobster kinda night
need a follow
Recording tonight: Dick Clark counted out, Secret serviced, My foreskin please, R&R Hall of Fame. Tonight on Starcrestlounge Radio!
they were messing around because it's the last day before the exam & wanted to break everyone's stress :)
yeah check out star studios, I've done alot of work with them.
Lisa had the same dress as me just in different colors and that's what sucked about that and I got dresses this weekend!(:
What do you think is the biggest danger of police work?
Crashing parties is what we do best! Fantastic time! Thanks for welcoming us. You're the best!
you know we're bros and you know bros must follow bros haha <3
I don't thiink anyone knows what the hell is going on, but I think we will find out soon
LOL! I was there!
We are looking for the best freestyler in Houston. battle against the best !! MAY 20th text BATTLE to 72727 for more info
So Im in the car wit my mama and she blasting Woman to Woman :/ Really Mama???
Hey Joe Joe!! Congrats on graduating! You never call me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>...Did you have your party?
haha you're welcome
Shoot!! :) have a great afternoon/evening
going to bed. soo tired, goodnighht:*
But his 73, along with former UW golfer Patrick Duffy and former La Follette golfer Andrew Steinhofer, was good enough to advance.
Tnx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours! Looking forward to being your neighbors at Navy Pier!
•While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
almost that time!
New Councilman Danny Valenzuela: "this city works."
Just started following you. Looking forward to hearing what you have to say!
Let's keep talking on twitter using #libmade for the next hour. and I will be here!
I want it! tweet to all muscle car guys and they will see it! or tell you're looking to buy and they'll see it! powerful
m....edamame and veg sushi with brown rice. de-lish!
+1 RT We've talked about bottling that smell- it could be a cologne: "Launch Complex No. 5" :)
Tweeting successful in and out of SL for the IDMAA 2009 conference
This bitch really said "she has became" twice! And used "" fingers...
,I dream of a better tomorrow.... where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
2 more days and will be 15. Me and were just talkin' about that today. #ThingsWeTalkAboutDuringSchool Love ya!
There's a rowdy pre-party going on here before A Prairie Home Companion. Currently playing beer pong with some ophthalmologists.
Wait, no it doesn't-it's just Coltszilla. That's not a real website.
I ate there last week. Greatness. RT : Getting to hit up the new Smashburger in Uptown for the 1st time. This is a good day!
u did a great job! I am so happy I stayed u to listen 2 u guys u never disappoint! Love u Harry! Please follow!
Just put any pic of ur as ur background...u r so beautiful....ur own pic will rock the background
Of the Stegner Fellowship, Jesmyn Ward said it was a dream of hers to get one, but "the odds were not in her favor."
For all intents and purposes, I should never allow myself to be photographed next to someone who wears a size 0.
Plz help me to get to 2000 followers:)
Hey #DrupalCon, what's up? We hang out for a week and when I get home I get a 100.6F fever. That's not cool.
Yea you do. put on one of the best concerts I've seen.
This week, our nation has come so much closer to equality.
June 4th at the White Rabbit!!! Be sure to come party with us guys!!!!!
Its like 78 degrees outside... but it will be a thunderstorm... I new the weather was too good to be true..
“: lol it's hard to be a a virgin when I'm your daddy. Check your birth certificate son” are we 5?
Like booty calls at 3am?
IPB6 internet enabled light bulbs and a surfboard
Huntsman: Met Kissinger right before he went to China in 1972 at 11 years old. Relationship has changed a lot since then.
Legal spend mgmt model - 1) Know Your Data 2) Benchmark 3) Know Your Business 4) Create Efficiencies and 5) Review/Improve
vintage hipster ken, these newbies have nothing on you!
lol yankees all the way!!!
Save your #Titanic receipt at theNAT to get student price at UltraStar theaters’ #Titanic 3D movie.
Dr. Oz says,"Get your z's or pack on pounds. Non-sleepers eat 300 extra cal a day."
That's me the night i was conceived.
The environment’s getting worse, yet humanity’s doing better than ever. What gives?
aw thanks!!! Having a blast :))) xoxo
The Hobbit is fun but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a picture
I love when a person can know intricate details about me after being around me...it turns me on.What color looks good on me and such...
Thank you. “: Thanks for your excellent podcast. I'll miss it.”
#ted2012 #introverts Important institutions in society; schools, hospitals, banks etc. are built for extroverts.
#Thanks for the jazzy RT! How's your week goin'?
Drink deal 2day=Route 44 Ocean Water for .99c>Its delicious &50%+off>come get it@ 8212 Liberty Rd,Balto& Edgewater stores only> no ot promos
Oh yea you were just vague enough. I'm trying to be purist, but not unrealistically so.
Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him
The reality of a big move is hitting me...so excited, but so much to miss about #Riverside. Here we come #Madison!
me neither. Maybe hes sticking around so that he qualifies for the NBA version of AARP
Coolest middle name of all time... Wait for it....
I was saying the same thing!! I'm glad I wasn't the only one..thanks JO lol RT : Doesn't alvarez kinda look like blake griffin
You two are nothing near alone, all your followers are here for you(:
who is your idol? :)
Think they'd salt a few glass rims too?
Who's up for a drink with me today or
!!! You win a free jar of our Ear Cleansing Cloths cause every dog needs clean ears!
I'm Gonna Change Your Tweet Up A Little To Real Life She's Only 14 But The Dream Of Millions Of Dudes Shes
#IfYouOnlyKnew then maybe you would truly understand!
can't wait to drink your creations!
aw look at em go ^_^
the moment came & went..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Join the conversation and let us know what you think of our new rotating food pop-up and test kitchen: #BetaKitchen !
memphis soul 55 years.
how big is the new one??? I am so excited for you guys! xoxo
RT All the things that truly matter- beauty, love, creativity, joy, inner peace - arise from beyond the mind~ Eckhart Tolle
oh, is that what that is?
watching "Pool Boys"
What side of the Border War are you on- KU or MU?
sure looks pretty painted on an airplane.
Enjoying this day for what it is...beautiful!
chatting with Liz Herrera. The awards aren't announced prior but Liz can hold your award, if u win.
thanks for the shoutie!:)
:-) That's great! Happy Friday.
Simply make the best of your life for you, & you will truly be happy at the end. I promise.
Happy Monday All! Getting ready for a kick ass workout, good breakfast, then yes, I'll be in my art room making it rain stained glass!
We trippy man
Proud to serve
Feels good to feel.
This is amazing music, by a wonderful musician !! www.ishwish.net
Ouch! Someone needs a lie down.
It's 58 in my room because my window is stuck open. Also, raccoons. This is going to be a great night, I can feel it.
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest! Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
Proud to be an Aggie. Softly call the muster
yes indeed they can! Just need to click the link and there is a page for donations. Thabk you for your support!
next you need to collab with and
Middle Eastern literature known as "Daastan*-e-Amir Hamza" it is of Persio-Turkic origin.
No matter how great LeBron is, he isn't beating those big 3 in the west with a big man rotation of Joel-Turiaf-UD
-- Hi stranger. Sure hope you and family are doing well. Has been a long time.
Am I fool?why do I love her?I Believe in God,and I know thats Love is Blind..
tres groovy tunes daily. reminds me of THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS' ploy in the 80s.
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( poor me! :(
Downtown #Detroit is partying all ready. #MNF fever all day long.
#CTFxC If you could transform into any animal in the world. what would it be?
for sure, dm me your info and ill have our rep contact ya. Talk to you soon!
im suppost to be doing work in skool but i rather be on Twitter : )
no this far in his career is crazy to ask of him. To be sole responsible for shutting down Westbrook.
I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today featuring Veggie Baked Zitti!
SO THERE “: Obama: "Ask Osama bin Laden & the 22-out-of-30 top al Qaeda leaders ... whether I engage in appeasement."
In light of my feelings about the RIAA, I can only take their disapproval of me for opposing SOPA as very high praise indeed.
My App is up - check it out - All About Sounds - Iphone 3GS, 4, or IPAD. Ratings appreciated!!!
cereal in the home is to johna as meth at a corn field rave is to jerked over amish.
Want real tweets? follow
Here I am<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Yeay! I new the sun would come back!
you're fucking beautiful and amazing though.
Gone are the B's - now Let's Go C's - that's how we roll in
#myteamhaslost retard! You don't own any sports teams, unless you're talking about your field hockey team, sorry.
Actually at the gym on a bike right now!!! Yay for me!
Leaning Your Direction! Thanks for The Advice!!
#pcampboston don't scold users for making mistake in the process! Truly aid them.
Eli looks like a huge dork. I'm into it
thank you!,
Fuck you two times too
skip you are getting worse than anyone. Sick of the tebow talk. I used to be indifferent about him, now not sure thanks 2 u
Thank you Harry for giving us a generation of imagination and making it fun to read again. It has been a pleasure.
I just woke up from a 12-hour slumber. I guess my body was trying to catch up with the sleep I had missed during the week. I feel refreshed!
the danger
Who liked the pictures from Jetblue Park?
_.~+!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
turns out those haircut dopplegangers know each other and appear to be friends!!
make it or break it omg.
Happy July 4th!!!
Lmao! Oh okay! I just barely noticed. XD <3
If the #Packers can figure out the Center position prior to the #NFLdraft, I'd select either or in round 1.
In order to build a new you have to get rid of the old dont be scared to do something out of the normal follow your dreams... a.harris
Its not a big deal , I just wanna know the truth ... ( :
Heavy metal lover (;
Pool rage. I'm ready to go home
Happy new year:)
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there <3
You know how much Bag Sauce is at the bottom of that ladder?
Decided to take a musical trip down memory lane this afternoon. Starting with the Cypress Hill Black Sunday album.
Quilcene is still closed.
Students who want to tweet about being on Adderall while writing their papers should probably make their Twitter accounts PRIVATE, eh?
Who is going to win
Apps that can only export images with the filename "image" are almost as handy as address books that can only save entries as "person."
and the extra ~$100k is part of a convertible note that could be worth a variable amount of equity. cc:
Depression Symptoms
Elena Padilla of Lemon Grove wins $50 Lido's gift certificate for coming up with new name of LG Senior Center's banquet hall
I laugh at mofo's who talk behind my back, knowing they will be kissing my ass later.
Tons of highly leveraged CRE loans are maturing. Their values are so low they can't refinance. Remington's DPR program can help.
It also makes me LOL also:D
Basketball Sunday?
OUCH!!! Eikmeyer just took that dude's nose off!!!
Oh god I forgot how much I dislike Vegas....and aviator shades..and bro dudes...cesspool
Hey, Marvel, next time you waste four years ruining five movies in order to set up a sixth one, make the sixth one a better movie.
If I had a band Id Call it nine inch Heels! LOL
MoNdaY ... wish it was Saturday but life goes on lol Lets make it a Z....
I was freezing too!
RT: Writers Hall of Fame plaque spotted prominently displayed in lobby
Boyfriend: I wasn't that drunk. friend: Dude you asked your girlfriend if she was single. O.o
No shame at all. Streep was my prediction, but I really would have loved to see Williams upset. No major upsets this year...
I was wondering what you were eating in here.
Idk why everybody stay hatin on Justin Bieber, Boyfriend is the shit so deal with it.
Congratulations on the hiring of JD Sherman as your new #President & #COO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
Hello from Havana! Internet here = brutal, basically non existent. We'll have full coverage of the Pope's arrival at 4:30p on
It is not already noon.
This season of #Bachelorette is shocking. A Black guy!
is COMPLETELY SOLD OUT for tonight's Bruschetta! Will we see YOU at the theatre?
I want to have your ass framed and mounted above my fireplace
Nothing like the moment you forget to cancel a waiver and it goes through in fantasy... Damn you poor memory!!
Meeting today to discuss mustache4cash and the big bowl events.
You killed it on #FillyBrown, E-Dub! Thanks for helping the film find it's groove!
Wait walkin ca im travelin far distace on feet
#KanyeChristmasSongs "I'm dreaming of a white woman".
Present it ;)
We're glad to have you back, Aaron!
Casuall hoping for to follow/notice me someday
#Women'sissues are naturally addressed by the policies #Republicans enact #2012GOP not by the punitive regs from Liberals!
Go follow , lady gaga has more followers ? are you freakin' kidding me ?! x3
I thought it would be a Dear Jong letter. Just sayin'...
Am I the only one with a shirt on right now?
and his little Elf too!
She was facing the door and her head got stuck :( doors closed way too fast
9 innings, 9 chants. More if there's mid-inning pitching change
Jealousy works the opposite way that you want it to.
At least I didn't say 'cat wee-wee'.
I'm eating one now! Nom
Some are so very studious of learning what was done by the ancients that they know not how to live with the moderns - William Penn
haha what happened
OMG!! College level math makes you need a drink... BAD!!!
“I want to extend my deepest appreciation to everyone who has and will support my campaign for change in DISTRICT 2. All of your...
Had the messiest, smelliest and YUMMIEST lunch meeting today, thanks to coming downtown. Thank you!
I'm listening to crew love by drake and it reminds me about the crew<U+2665> so its on replay :)
sounds good!! rock on Zoe!
School Tomorrow <<<<<<<
With or Without You ~ U2 #classics <3
lots of work to do, but the Bill Clinton Presidential biography on American Experience is starting!!! What do I do?!
I think it's about time for an run.
decent size. everyone just waiting for more results to come in now.
Sharing some of my new to me people on Twitter & Funny, loving, connected & nerdy. All a girl could ask for.
Wtf this boy watching
So many global influences around dc!
it's why I stopped watching the NBA. That, and the bucks have been horrible.
yes please!
Thanks for helping us reach 1,700 Twitter followers!
Congratulations on your Emmy Nominee!!!!
Do you have an online PR strategy?
working with the man himself... Brandon Goldstein... makin the EP sound like gold :)
My fiancé is an IT Director. He says yes and can tell you how if you need help. :)
great - we are outside waiting for a table. Will say hi when we get in!
Mike Brown is here so let's all (including myself) stop complaining and give him the support he will need for a tough job.
It's only Tuesday, but we're already excited for a big weekend on campus! 250 young alumni in town for Spring Young Alumni Wkd & O/W Game!
I hate school, you're all dramatic, ugly, people that talk bad about everyone.
ResearchChannel's online streaming functions are completely restored! Thanks for hanging in there during our brief outage.
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen you, And you are enough <U+E04E>
Finished 5K Dexter-Ann Arbor MI run/jog/walk Sun w Carol Elizabeth & Andy. Then on to Taste of Ann Arbor. Fletcher family farm = MI beauty.
long day -__-
I still can't open the.pictures you sent me lol
so just STOP IT!
it must have been our Quizzo win last night because I'm also in a fantastic mood!
so sad I am missing you at #mw2012 <3
meh...don't call me a bitch unless your a bringing some coco puffs...amateur
Got a busy Friday night planned. Leadership Henderson Reception. PT's Lady's Night and then Tao.....again. Just can't sit still.
naa just speak Spanish and your good haha
She sure does! :-) “: Thanks for a great #9NewsMornings! You look fab momma!”
holy cow that's awesome! And how long have you been there? :)
then get off twitter dummy
Can't See The At BeatStock :( I Hope They're Good. Rock That Stage Boyz!
No worries. Life is good, even when I'm swimming in misery.
pretty sure everyone ive ever met named lenny was a fuckin dummy
Que(e)ry tomorrow night! See you a Stonewall people!
If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right
but....what if the professional tells me nothing is wrong???
RFT!“: People: 'How is your life so drama free?' Me: 'It isn't hard... I CHOOSE to stay outta it. ;)”
He sound like aaqib!
Mulan is the best movie ever!
Being single on Valentine's Day >>>
you might be lol I haven't decided yet ;)
did it work?
nope. Nothing. Haha.
Andd this is that part of the thunderstorm were i go sleep with my parents :)
Shantz gets his first test in left and passes. 1 down in the 1st for ASU
I wasn't going to work tonight but decided just to log in...I think I deserve a Summetime!!!
you wanna leave
whenever you guys can do it.
Looking for a great place to celebrate #SaintPatricksDay? Try Our indoor seating & outdoor patio make us a premier #hotspot!
i like my women oppressed
Wonder if there will be a push to do more interpretive projects/histories of urban slavery?
We're getting a lot of rain in Austin. Hopefully it's enough to bust the drought that we've been in for so long.
Glad to be of help
Oh, that’s so bad… RT “: For all we know, that pregnant woman in Seattle had a weird craving for ice cream and pepper spray.”
Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think. ~ Tim Ferriss
It is National Volunteer Week! PCAK is grateful for all those who give of their time & effort towards the mission of preventing child abuse!
Beginning to form a proper eschatology? &quot;We should get all our Left Behind books together &amp; have a book burning.&quot;
I miss you!!! Hopefully I'll be visiting sometime soon so I can see you!
Haha some girl is mad at me cause I blocked her, I told her 1) your my friends friend idk u 2) twitter nd facebook are different so keep it
RT : On NFL Network tonight, Ian Rapoport of Boston Herald said Tom Brady is whispering this week that he owns Dick LeBeau. Wow!
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch I ran outta socks
I have calamine lotion on them. It's helping... but not enough! Yikes!
That is exactly why lol #hidesfaceinshame RT Why? So you can revel in your A's? Get out of here. :-)
Cant wait for you new Album, Ah its gonna be amazing ! #believe (:
It's snowing right now. Big fluffy snow.
What's your Favorite musical artist?
galleys arrive from & well for my decompressing farm weekend in Wisconsin for New Year's!
Hi, fun to find you on here.. I don't tweet enough. We have the same DJ that Saige had. He was great at your party.
Its cold then a mf out side
new haircut.. new haircut ..new haircut....can't wait....haha!
Sounds great. I might have to try something similar if im capable... Im thinking add some peanutbutter to the icing!
": So what number was mb on the countdown?"
I'm so serious. This nigga really just pissed me off. And he wonders why I won't date him
You guys are truly soul mates.
Wanted to let everyone know that the Open Jam orig. scheduled for Nov. 12 has been moved to Nov. 19. Time is the same, 7pm-11pm. C-U There!
Twitter is just like saying Any shit that comes to your head...
all I see on my feed is "me too" -_-
Kim Kilmer I think! I have a hard time finding people on there
ugghhh but you go to the mall...i only get to go on the metro rail and harrass stragers lol
tks Nick! Yes, we are so proud of our Fighters -- so glad you guys had a great experience! Tks for representing!
Bulldogs crush Idaho State! Go Dawgs!
just left there. Call me tomorrow.
If you ordered "causes" shirts, stop by the church office tomorrow to pick them up, or you can get them Sunday.
how ever so lovely to play with you the other night can't wait to catch you on the blood sides :)
10,000 without power in the Battle Ground area. Careful driving as intersections may be affected.
watching lifetime movies always wanted me to start breast feeding
Hi Alan! How are you?
Glad he sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Early mothers day dinner with the fam since I wont be home tommorow
I still haven't made my lunch and I have futsol in the morning
I agree. Fall ROCKS.
Don't you wanna dance with some body who loves you 8
Boise! Fire your PR department!
Good seems good enough until you've experienced greatness.
The link you posted re: Mayoral Sustainable Housing and Transportation Summit campus is from last year -- new link pls?
and if they stay together it's not because they forget, it's because they forgive :)
Great conversation right now with ... "Bo got bad advice...and so many rules in NCAA need to be amended." listen
Hi, Brinda. Thanks, you too!
PEOPLE OF THE WORLD SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!
.Net development has exploded in the Philly/S Jersey area. My team has many direct hire roles. Anyone wanna chat?
lazy much?
well im going to logg of talk to you all tommrow bye bye and goodnight :-)
Thanks to me.. RT : Oh, and got into the zoo for free.
Mj's version of Dirty Diana >>>
Guinea Woman is the first poem
Morrow.. Jen .. sad morning for the #trifector loss for our teams... #Yankees #Rangers #Lakers.... #SMH still unbelievable
A hairy ass pussy <<<<
I need to stop giving out my number to every female I meet on Twitter. These late night conversations are killing me.
"The bottom line is: If it's important, you'll find time for it."
Me too.
Balloon boy reference from on #OPrint panel. Didn't see that coming. I wonder what's happening upstairs?
now thats real talk..him and his crew decided 2 "blackout" lol
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. League of Legends continues to be the game of choice for many but there's always the Wii if you prefer it!
Begin to weave and God will give you thread. ~German Proverb
YAY!! But if you think about it...it technically wasn't me. It was. Yeah. Lol. I just helpppeedd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My mother is so in love w/the new baby she talkin she ready for me to pop some out...HA, she crazy!!!!
can i join? lol
...What kinds of ramen do you have? xD I might be making you share wif da room.
Happy Mothers Day to three amazing mamas, the person gave me life and both my sissys.
The Beek baby joke should have lasted all of 1 day on Twitter. Instead we still have dipshits tweeting him about it.
Why do I keep getting paragon points!?
Beliebers Will Never Leave Justin.
communicated w one student, Robbie, via Twitter
You should come check out some of our models!
Run injury-free
ya welcome!
Are you in it now?
Psst, you're an egg again!
so i couldnt take it back lol so now i got lol almost the same thing lol
potential ??? :) #ccid2012 setting the bar for educators! And I can't get ONE TO TWEET???????
Hostmonster RT Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy? Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Coming from that man, it says A LOT. RT : Nuggets coach George Karl: "This is the most nervous I've been in a long time."
who is going to close
Westbury Christian grad Anthony Collins (South Florida) makes a nice runner against Villanova for his sixth point. Watch now on ESPN.
I hate that the people in this class are so loud.
Don't tell me no1 can't change, I made 8yrs sober 2nite...no more liquor for the Kid!!!
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise
Fuck you. You're mean.
President has given Navy Seal Team 6 the green light to take the stage...
Pay it forward... Now!
When I wear pink, I'm being ironic.
Thanks for the tweet! Let me know if there's anything I can do to help with
is that an ear ring in your ear or just a light reflection?
#cowx Rain snow mix in Aurora
Still in shock about this #Patriots loss, Bills look like the real deal
Twitter advertising is projected to grow to $259.9 million in 2012.
hey amy! you still in san diego? you going to be around for &now maybe at ucsd?
“: Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?” if you're watching wrestling I'm #Smh lol
Q: Where's Spiderman's home page? A: On the world wide web.
Honestly, my hobbies include having a good time & chilling. If you're not with that,
I guess I'll read that book for that book review. :/
How you don't care <
Wow who put a quarter in you Aaron - you've gone tweet crazy ;)
You need to call shotgun not changing that diaper RIGHT NOW.
Think you're right. Alternative: Get 'em buzzed on moscato or champagne, stuff 'em w/hamentashen & sober w/coffee.
Congrats Adele! Each grammy was truly deserved. Such a beautiful soul & fantastic role model for young women all over
Getting a pedicure and wondering how on earth these vietnamese ladies could have so much to talk about!
to see u! Lol....no i havent decided yet
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Amarillo! When they come through drop in say Hello!
So funny, at dinner says to W "Do you want to go in time out for saying No to Mommy?" Poor kid said "No?!"
you serious????
I'll be answering phones for the St Jude Radio-a-thon till 7PM tonight. Call me at 800-411-9898 to make a donation and to say hi :)
I crashed Chrome using Google Art Project... I would think the two would work together quite well.
yep! we didn't do all the parities, which worked out for the better so we could last through closing party :)
": I can't wake up on time anymore."
don't forget that gadget I told you about
Thanks broham RT : good luck bruh #beastmode : PMP exam tomorrow..this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
Obama in Afghanistan today signing a "pact". For one, US troops will be there basically forever. Then there are pipelines...
And thats how it should be <3 :D
I like all of your pics and my friend does to lol!<U+E405>
I can tell I'm gettin older smh
Earlier I asked myself "and why am I not happy again?"
you randomly followed me one day!(:
If you a two faced bitch
#uppers The great thing is that this show is a refreshing bit of rationality and conversation each weekend. Thank you.
The poor dope ... he always wanted a pool. Well, in the end, he got himself a pool.
S/O to my girl shes so pretty and really nice:) follow her:)
thanks so much for the blog link. :)
Thanks stud for defending me. Suck it
Step #1 - begin the IRB process....
.. It's 2:10 in the morning
love the pictures looking at your cat make me miss mine. He ran away! sad
I like a big baby
lol whats the name of it ?
That's too bad, but you did the right thing. Good for you.
Just seen on campus - something you don't see every day - a guy in a Maroon 5 hoodie.
hell yeah bebe acting ratchet.
And now those in need of organs will start putting hits out on donors...
Where's my mama i need to vent
I'm more of a consumer.
better still be on blog like he promised me he would(:
new icon :)
Shooting B-Roll for Life Tracker all over LA today.
#Remede is in the studio to tonight #dowork Album is gonna be awesome!
thats like a 3rd world country problem
“ "Never expect, never assume, never ask & never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen."”
AH cabin in the woods! joss whedon! the avengers!!!!!!!
No limits! I can sing ANTYTHING! But Lucky Star is a pretty awesome jam. You should see me and the guys perform it live!
hahahahaha love her
word is he pours heavy. Drink up.
Is the best restaurant in Manhattan. C'est tout. Thank you for the rec!
Lol! I'm not built for prison life.
Strong, methodical drive. Look out.
happy birthday Em<3 I miss you:( come see me son!
direct message her lol
lemme hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna pls
You > Her
i didn't even know i could run over 3 miles still until tonight! so proud of myself lol
Batter Batter Blast from Sonic....
Asian bitch on another degree; omg you got me addicted!
Is it too early to start the Jim Tressel to #ASU petition
RT good ex of 's commitment to #energy security & how they are making it a operational imperative nyti.ms/nZvbBG
I'm scared to go look at the news in NM. I feel terrible for the people in Los Alamos.
valid point & 1 that i can't argue. i just take issue w/ calling the owners 'stupid' when you've got drivers acting 'stupid' 2.
We were happy to inspire in 2011 - here's to 2012~
At El Tenampa, with ice cold beer listening to friends "llorar, llorar..." Sad this place is closing soon.
Sunshine and rugby. Happy Sunday!
I can't wait to fall asleep.
Thanks for following! I love your website :) We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks. Excited to connect!
Your Business is your Thought, NOT a Building, a Person or a Product.
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building.
Whether you need help finding your dream home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help! phone:317-979-5700
LAST DAY: Your Beauty System () anti-aging skin care systems (essentials $49 or Ultimate $70)
There is a reasonable argument to be made for not wearing headphones during take-off and landing.
Np. Just heard your verse on rider it was nice. Keep creating and keep doing you. Good Job.
I thee. Sarrah and I are going tonight (I think) but I really just want to take a nap <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
football sunday :) go steelers!!!!!
No problem! Figured you have plenty of mojo in "tourism" already :)
Boston is really into its charitable walks
Sitting St. Patrick's Day out this year. Just not in the mood today. Also, not Irish
Is there a forum for finding roommates for #AALL12?
So this summer im not gonna have another boyfriend. Last year i lost al focus on what i needed to focus on. #ToSingleSummer&BeingAHottMess
#SOURHOUR With & !!!! how long u gon be there
Hello twitter family, it's a beautiful day to inspire another!
The difference between a successful person & others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.VLombardi
ya'll played lights out D last night, well done gentlemen
We appreciate you following Poised Creation El Paso!
Back to sleep
Haha you are gonna get lit up. The way she looks she probably has armies if internet fan boys.
He always tryna hog shit he be pissin me off mann
Oh (The)Sehun is kind of... I don't know. I love him but I hate him. Yeah.
watching #Titanic ohh ya. i'm cool. :)
Carl Schmditmann, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
vivian greens golf course up north
"Wifi is hard to get." Amen, brother.
Thanks Sue! RT : Awesome job guys!
Just online checked in on that fuckin cruise how about you
Baby, take your anger out on me ;)
great day of shopping lol
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” -Martin Luther King, Jr.
RT : Can Weight Loss Help African American Breast Cancer Survivors?: Newswise — Researchers at the University of Illi......
No Prob! They're great over there! Let me know if you check it out.
I take my fist back!!!! <U+263A>
You fuck wit me you's a ambulance nigga WHOOP WHOOP
You have to dream before your dreams can come true
We can't…Be.I mean…it would b unfair for us… long distance's something but a relationship by BBM… would be hurtful… a simple kiss=impossible
I'm going to AL Wed 5/11 Will have rm for 1 more- need diapers meds batteries tents underwear sanitizer trashbags -rtn Sun
I am following now thanks to you
Things you never want to hear. "For our fristime having sex that was awesome, I'm so glad my herpes didn't bother you.
To steal an idea from one person is #plagiarism but to #steal from many is
only a year and a half till i possibly move! getting the fuck out of NY, thank godd!!
where u at ?“: Dj quikk, needs to hurry up and get on stage, -_-”
You are so Stupid! You Can't be a Anti Semite to yourself Semite are Africans, Muslims and Jews
Ladies it doesn't matter how good yo neck game and p**** is if you can't cook you will be single for awhile
get back to work collecting shopping carts ;)
Standing room only to hear surf master photog Jeff Devine.
yep yep
Imagine if an agent or agency sent out unsolicited multi-page RFPs to potential clients ... what a poor first impression these things make.
lmao "Brown Events"
Who has time to write a check for everything. Bills get paid instantly when you set up automatic payments. (Just keep enough in accout)
Watching Tim Tebow play QB is like watching a blind person play darts. Sooner or later some one is gonna get hurt with a bad throw.
I got mine“: “: EVERY WOMAN NEEDS A POOKIE IN THEIR LIFE #FOLLOW ” #onelove”
I love my boyfriend so much. <3
Games will be played, hearts will be broken, tears will fall, people will change & rumors will be spread. But life always goes on.
Going to see tomorrow in NYC. They played our xmas show and killed it. I had to see the whole show! Plus they're such nice guys!
I'm looking forward to the creative Chicago expo today at the Chicago cultural center
The Adamouski institution is extremely excited for this years art work. If you would like to submit your work to the art competition -follow
MT Muve Music is coming to ! Stop by the Muve Music Media Lounge to download & listen to your fav. music!
Dang the penguins flyers game has a lot of fighting
it actually cracked me up
i can install it for 80.00 , if it don't work i don't charge , this is not spam
Just had ihop with my girls :)
Today this kid joked about suicide. My dad commited suicide when I was 3. Don't mess around with that shit. It hits home real hard.
im listen to massive attack o yeah
#FridayReads The Great Hunt by Robert Jordan - hmm, this might take me more than a week.
Curses! Summer cold in full effect.
I'm playing scrabble online with a friend - he keeps whooping my butt! I'll beat him one of these days - I am very competitive!
I can't live on the edge like that unfortunately. Ha!
Sophia Grace and Rosie on are kind of like Penn & Teller, if P&T were 2 little girls who always wore tutus.
Oh lord...only 7 more hours til Black Friday starts. As much as I'd love to people watch...pretty sure I'll be passed out from over-eating.
It certainly works the other way for me. If the author is an ass, I will avoid them.
We have Book and #Media Banks, they hold from 80 titles up to 3100 pieces of media. Want more info contact us 800-240-1850
3rd floor of #LloydCenter mall evacuated as #hazmat team investigates powdery contents of suspicious envelope in mail room.
Tune into Eyes on the Future tmrw 10am on for recruiting trends, interview tips from
*clears throat* Ahem...taps Twitter. Hello all my lovely freaks and freakettes. I would like you to #FF Not a Requests!!!
When Twitter has a list of people to follow and one of them is your ex.
Can't make it home tonight after work due to the snow? Don't want to be late to work tomorrow? Call the Warwick and use the rate code SNOW
I saw the Hit the Floor Broadway ballroom hit at Pantages. Not so great actually....I give it a 6/10.
I also get to write about Mad Men and Nazi interrogators, so tonight rules.
#thatfeelingwhen your eyes are gonna fall out from staring at the computer screen for too long
i wonder what that wiley little devil is doin...
Average Facebook user has 130 friends but the average Facebook "fan" superuser has 310. Are you a user or a fan?
I'm already following you :)
I feel like a lot of the things I say are listed in the Twitter feed of
I loved that hit. #OldSchool Harper needs to
So your 13 and he's 18 and yall dating? That aint dating, thats babysitting!
sleeping weather for me.
RT : Great meeting with & of today-- what a fun team, doing great things for...
haha cosmos I remember him
is valued at $1.5B. You gotta be kidding me.
The guys are bottling Polish Moon on this beautiful Milwaukee day!
Here's to the kids that don't know what a #hashtag is or
Hes got the next round but he always drinks for free. Theres one in every crowd its usually me
": People who work for Walmart, die 7 years younger than the average person."haha I hate wal mart
yea, you going
I am concerned for is the Roger Sterling of the culinary world....minus the boozing and philandering. Probably.
Arizona. You?
Clever, unexpected detective work: Jackson Brody in Started Early Took My Dog and Richard Drury in Dust, ruminating on Schrödinger's cat.
"Show me some respect!" "Earn it."
18th anniversary of the death Ayrton Senna Greatest Race Car Driver of All-Time
BUMPIN that new !
Brett Lawrie Walk Off Home Run. Mariner GM Jack Z. offered M. Pineda for Blue Jays third baseman. Jays said no, and Montero deal w. Yankees.
pancakes made, no syrup! #gpp soo i made my own
100,000 are estimated to be in DC for the NtlEqMarch, will one of them be you? Come out on the 10th for the YOUTH event!!!!!!!!!
Cute cat in your profile pic!
Don't start the Fall Semester with a slow computer. Get a standard computer tune up for $60 or a premium computer tune up for $80. Call...
I can't, I just sent my robot into the shop and my cardboard is all wet, i'll try it with the sequins
Thank you! Glad to follow :)
oh no! I hope he's better now. Silly dog :)
Couldn't do it without folks like you! Thanks for helping.
you're magic number is down to 160. We better get it going.
Ok, you've seen the pictures. Get here early tomorrow.
If tomorrow never comes will you know how much I loved you 8
Too much good acting stuff to read up on today! I'm like a kid in a candy store.
COOL GUESS I'M JUST THE FAGGOT THEN :(
Yes. I require a distribution of stories across the mitten that is our state.
ugh bring me one asap!!!
Two more full days in Reno. Then a long drive home :)
Nope, thats pretty insane. I assume they are ranked first on google? What does #2 look like?
living social knows how to sweet-talk this girl. today's deal? tickets to an LA Galaxy game and ... a "camo hat." sexxxxaaaaay.
Hello! Email us at and we can discuss your options. :)
when are you coming to Portland?? <3
oh, I'd rather be a loser face than a giant beard face any day of the year! I think you got some birds in your beard! Beardo!
its my first time :-)
it better be green
The hysterical stars & hosting #BroadwayBares tonight! This should be interesting :)
Yeah, thankfully. Sorry about yours.
Making a Smarthistory video about great portal sculptures at Autun Catherdral from the 12th c of Last Judgment. St Michael weighting souls…
If the game against Philly still matters by the time it happens, I think I'm gonna miss soccer and try to get tickets.
Your performance is gonna rock tonight! You've got all of America's eyes watching you! Go out and kill it!
Smart is the new rich....
what happen?
that's about as strange as my sports favs lol
American Idol Top 5 Song Spoilers – British and 60's Theme ...
I don't know if it's wrong to wish death on another human being, but it certainly is redundant.
You just wrote down what probably the majority of us think.
I Need A Vacation On An Low Key Island Somewhere..
gary howell's talk was AWESOME: key people needed early otherwise common understanding happens too late & pull-based planning
capers on pizza sounds yummy - and what kind of wine goes with that?
going shopping with !
#Touch is on.
Thanks honey
Need to shop..
Thanks for all the #FF shouts out! If I listed everyone, we'd be starting all over again. Have a fantastic weekend #AVTweeps!
You Have Major Swag ! <3
done! i just followed them!
Ranting to Eamonn about my life because #yolo. I Wish he had a twitter ): lets make him get one
Who's badmouthing? I'm in awe.
sometimes all you need to say is, "THANK YOU LORD!" Be grateful. It could always be worse.
"I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. " ~ A. Einstein
U think it was given to him? Hm...Illegal benefits???
Some 25 years ago, a doc told me, "We'll have AIDS cured in a few years." The world's still waiting.
Romney opens 21 point lead in South Carolina according to Reuters poll....
I need peace.
Psyched soon airs on daytime with his new talk show
Covering Region 4-2A Boys Soccer Semis: American Heriage (Delray) 1, University School 0 midway through the first half.
Breaking News: Colts and Peyton Manning to Part Ways
haha, I love it!
I only watch the Masters for the commercials.
You need any advice cause I can really help when people are going crazy to make sure it is at least a fun kind of crazy:)
Am I finally using the Twitter account I created for LIS 2000? Time will tell, but I thought following would be a good start!
rosie flores is such a badass. also: kentucky!
racist seaweed
no kidding right? :)
I can't wait for the heat to win the championship so I can rub it in face #heatnation <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
I swear i'm an insominac because i never sleep.
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? Proceeds will go to charity. Can you help with a RT?
follow back please?
Damn proud of my team. Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
This class will be the death of me I swear
thanks for the #metsmonday shoutouts! how have you been? its been a while!
And you know im talking bout King James...and not that clown Durant
A marine stabbed to death on Barracks Row here in DC. Police believe they know who the killer is. reports live on News4
If you think your twitter account has been hacked, I would encourage you to change your password; especially if you received a bogus link!
Whenever you get to it...no biggie! Love your haircut by the way!
Not specifically, but a lot of what we do could easily translate to that genre. Would be happy to chat with you about it! :)
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win. – Zig Ziglar
Same here! Um, except now only 1 hour!
what are you telling to bring? Ur tweeting is very bizarro..dont u agree ?
What was that lady's name who won that poll?
I'm not the type of brother who likes to waste my time.
Thanks for sharing! Hope you are having a great Valentine's Day!
Bing is a great example!
Tomorrow is the big day...!!!!!
& two pairs of yoga pants..
When we linking up
reading all the replies, EVERYONE is right to a degree. Very cool debate indeed. :)
Stop being a fool your betta den that
most city and county websites can refer you to the provider agency; then check the urban regional water mgt. Plan 4 sources.
I wonder if this is the first step to google giving you an answer "on behalf of the web"
Dudes - There is already a line at the port-a-potties in Grand Circus Park!
That moment when you realize is following you <3 I feel special!
I know your super busy but I was wondering if I could ask a BIG question?
FYI. If you are a fan of Mike #Vick or any other dog murderer, don't bring it up around me. Shit gets heated real QUICK!!!
ain't shit homey check out some of the music and videos that I've posted
Did you know the Bypass Lane is available at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington? See you there Friday night!
Okay, ready for another trivia question? What is the highest grossing arcade game ever? Bonus: What year did the game make it's debut?
Somebody take these Do-si-dos away from me. My mom loves feeding me horrible things.
I already know I won't get to talk to any of them at either show sigh and not because of people
See you there
any chance donovan stays in england past the initial two month loan
Would love to speak sometime regarding Detroit's music scene. Hope we can come in April!
Word. RT For follow Friday you should follow all my fake twitter accounts.
RT : A few hours of resting on the couch, and then I can begin serious napping.
What are the sections for HUSH homework??
At rehearsal for fine, funny & female. These girls are raw!! Loves it :)
Wow, well that is GOOD info. RT : . Yep! The guy in the house I posted had a stroke from eating too much...
Trenton is telling Me and Lindsey the best bed time story ever.
I love airports!!
boutta go to Soho real quick.
Just Announced!! South Region Elite Slamfest - Travel Sports Super State Event, Austin Tx, 5/19-20,2012
WHEN DID EAST LA BECOME EAST LA? BATTLE RAGES.
you got the best #fans in the world, do not forget ;)
tripped 2 times in a row while walking into the Y...and didn't fall! HA!
hm that poster looks familiar
I'll join you!
that's why I think Instagram acq makes sense. Keeping both as is gives unique social networks to ppl.
Exciting news regarding possible Common Council action on student loans. Information TBA.
love it! “: Overheard - the truffle popcorn at is CRACK”
is there a link to watch it live for the west coast peeps?
I love those days!
Hi Wade, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Good morning Houston!
We New Yorkers regularly question the charm too.
Crying to in spotlight <<<<<
Today I'm 37, and I'm the best I've ever been, and I have everything a man can want in life!!!
Whoever build the Newseum knew how to spoil a spectacular view.
I Have The Body Of A God... Buddha.
will u guys be sending the update for the galaxy tab over WiFi any time
Hey guys please follow our new page because this one keeps getting hacked. Thanks
I wonder....hm chocolate fix maybe???
#burritobabes loves the !!!!
you should ask maybe he'll give you a #snoutkiss as well
oh god I'm stupid. Haha
#SuperSmackDown Mean Gene & Howard Finkel should of knocked the lights out of then comes n stone cold stun him
atleast I know what to not be when I grow up
Chefs Pyles & Gilbert are special guests April 20-22 at the Buffalo Gap Food & Wine Summit in Buffalo Gap, TX!
*BIG SQUEEZY HUG!*
Glad you could wait for just a bit! Thanks for coming!
googling "the tweet heard 'round the world." 721 results.
Choose your domain name and get a website host. A bit of keyword research will help you come up with a good domain name.
::sigh:: so very familiar with the non-apology apologies when it comes to issues surrounding race. smh.
I figure out which one I want and let the other one go.
Dear Haters, I couldn't help but notice that Awesome ends in "Me" and Ugly starts with "U".
thank you so much :)
follow for music,latest news, internet marketing programs, online earning methods, twitter tweets and to grow followers.
"If you fill in the Foxy Grandpa pictures with color, you can get a pin with Foxy Grandpa's picture on it!" Fun was different in 1901.
"Without music, life would be a mistake."
We're so proud to be part of our local scene. We fully support our scene and everyone involved. Tucson rules.
i got a whole new sound for the mixtape if you wanna collab ima have a bunch diff types of ppl on it.
Ok, this isn't so bad...brownies and Toddlers & Tiaras with my 16 y.o. cousin.
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
RT : I know that "Drive (For Daddy Gene)" by Alan Jackson mentions Legend!
Very excited to see you fight! All the best!
Loving the show...
I love my life! If u Dnt change it!
Watching Conan and wanting bacon. -_-
Mindfulness techniques, like deep breathing, have been shown to boost the immune system.
Anyone know whether it's common for twitter users in oppressed countries to not have any followers or friends?
you back in DC? would be great to catch-up. geobeerz with and and others soon?
Does the entire city know about my early morning stupidity? Holy crap. Stop telling me... Or I'll call the cops on you
I have big dreams and no one is going to stop me from trying to make them a reality
On instagram cracking up at pictures!
Rise and shine
I had to beat others to it. Self defense :-)
I think Kisame Hoshigaki just earned his place as my favorite Akatsuki member. Sorry, Hidan!
At Travel Portland breakfast: 4.5 to 5 percent growth in lodging projected for 2012.
Izakaya Den. Delicious! 1518 S. Pearl
#FF to some folks sharing great info about
follow back ?
I wanna love the way you've shown. <U+2764>
I know if I put on my rainboots to go out in the rain into the city as soon as I get off the train it's going to be sunshiney and clear!
Kort Springs street party
Woohoo! Go Ted! RT : Congrats voted weathercaster again by the Review Journal readers!! Always my Best!
A little blue bird is exploiting your personal lives. Careful what you tweet ;)
Munch like captain church!
Anyone have a link to that post #SOTU commercial that shows Obama's failings compared to promises made in previous speeches?
Definitely. It could have easily been made for an older audience, even if it meant making the books longer.
Last night was PHENOMINAL <3 1 year and you guys have made it so far!
Congrats on your skinnygirl deal w fortune brands! A working girl always succeeds!
Lag B'omer parties this weekend in Atlanta. Save your spot at the bonfire - www.chabadga.com
Yes. Terminology matters. RT : QUESTION: Is it valid to ask audiences versus communities? Are they separate?
I have had a very unexciting weekend of sleep so far. After 6 days of production craziness I needed it!
My dream last nite: going on a trip to Vegas and getting banged out by Chris Humphries!?!
Good evening everyone. Hope everybody is doing well!
Looking forward to my one day weekend. I have to drive to Columbus for class tomorrow.
Fortenberry: What about engineering students? We need to teach them to be "meta engineers" who have skills beyond the purely technical.
You're welcome(: and aw, thank you so much<3
Sometimes u wanna be loved
Midterm grades are available
that's the point, why make a comment when you don't know what you're talking about
Take your time, glad you had a great vacation! Did you go to Carroll's Creek?
just wrapped up a photo shoot with
My day IS what I make it!! :)
Good morning everybody <3
that's my favorite show on Disney lol
#Let'sBeReal, I call girls Bitches cause they'll roll over and beg, but turn yo back and they'll Bite you in tha ass!
Job well done
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
I really like
So at my new job im working with people who are in London, and they say my name the same way you do... It makes me smile :)
I guess hates me:(
I have to get a reality check I just noticed I am never gunna go out with an iconic boy I am not wasting my live on them anymore
Um i was still watching that -.-
Good morning Nashville! Come see us tonight at the muse!!
thanks for the follow... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights... 24/7
Ron Paul has zero chance of either becoming the GOP nominee or beating a billion dollar Barack Obama campaign
FORREALS!! RT: WOW, people need to take the higher road and be more mature in their lives!
I've been bitten by python yo!!
The only better song is "gone daddy gone".
RT : Just heard the soundcheck -this show is going to be awesome tonight! -concert is FREE and starts at 9p.
I've said it before, but sometimes old school mountain or delta gospel makes me wish I loved Jesus.
I should be on another cover. We should vote on it. It's been too long. Lol...
DON'T DO IT!! What is it you're craving?
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” <U+2015> Kurt Vonnegut
which kind did you try? I never liked it before I tried NessAlla.
haha... chester needs to in NO
I'm so wired right now.
probably nvr follow me but i will #neversaynever <33
you don't have to go bye let's hear more
Going to the gym. Long overdue
: Stitch-n-Bitch as black(?) cyberfeminist group that acts locally but connects globally
I did it on accident lol
okay, let's clarify. I don't do it on purpose! I'm saying I improvise when 2% or whole is unavailable ; )
turns out i was wrong: only 3 hearings, but they occurred over 8 hours, and a 2 hr fac mtg happened in there too.
Thales~ A multitude of words is no proof of a prudent mind.
Disappointed to be missing book signing w/ the First daughter is 5 weeks old, so mothers day trumps all else!
u had to think about speaking
I understand that they greatly enjoy their music, but I enjoy my sleep more.
It's an Indescribable feeling when you close one chapter and you open one more amazing than you ever could have imagined.
#FF Snarky reviewer extraordinaire and finder of sleazy things
Just remembered a Dark Shadows game in the '70s we had with glowinthedark skeletons. Wish we still had it!
never stink up my new office with your nose.
Don't fret. The 3/19 opener will also be on Root Sports. Local broadcasters, local flavor = better for Timbers fans. IMHO
Almost lunchtime. Lets see what I can power through
I did recently play through FF9 I thought it was cool but itseened like I dunno geared for kids maybe? Maybe it was just the
Thank you John for the shout out. Thank u for always supporting me. You are very awesome.
Check out my friends music page on facebook /KIT303
there's nothing like a homegrown tomato! for serious!
uw baby...and Ty the kids r fine
RT I'm sprung.. Dawg, she got me. Got me doing things I'll never do. If you ain't been, I'm telling you.. I'm sprung! < lolololol
your welcome...lol
#fridayreads Finished Storm Front by Butcher - better than expected; started Merry Misogynist by Cotterill - love Dr.Siri!
So hurt
why that? lol
TOP OF THE MORNING MY BOY! Yo thanks for the love & the shout out my Brother! 1 Love & have Blessed Day!
Funny how others try to insult Yanks fans by insulting ARod. Most of us don't like him either. Go ahead and insult him.
If you are a service provider or homeowner, follow us!
You are a thief of joy.
well it depends on what u do to them.
I have a similar rule if I were to ever play 'hams again. Marines are fun fluff wise but soo commonplace.
New Orleans has to go for this. Statement.
John call me
Boardwalk Empire of course
#operationfindnextgf She gotta love sports
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
is it because I know your life...
but we didnt embarrass ourselves in front of, or confuse any other stars of the new Thursday night lineup.
..consider it done....
I'm able to open digital files from a century ago.. should be just as easy next century ;)
No Problem. (: AND I love your music. When I first heard "I Could Lose The Night" I knew I was going to love the rest. :D
sum1 shud check fbook "the gloved one" records..a message went out early on June 25 ...saying he was in trouble..
iya pal:p
I miss you carmen!!!!
Great idea, but it looks like The Long Recall wasn't sustainable, hang it all: bit.ly/nYEjls
"Wanna know why you don't see no smile... prolly the same reason you don't see a child" lito ultimate warrior
Love how is bringing me slutty brownies today :D
a slut is just a woman with the morals of a man
Been listening to you guys all night, simply beautiful and
I'd go between 7-8 depending on current season and if your cheeks are rosey red too..
Love it when I move my head or back a certain way & hear a crunch.
Some people aren't meant to be a part of your life no matter how much you want them to be
"Politics has no place in health care," Michael Bloomberg.
/ meet you there after 8? I'm serious.
is having a 2-day Crash Course MBA in LA on the Business of Acting. Fundamentals in action to find YOUR missing link.
Matt you're a beast!
For me I guess it's more about the music I could see there for the cost. I am not a big camper heh heh.
Happy Mothers Day!!!! :)) I really respect u 4 being a great mother 2 Vaughn'ya....u r truly a great parent #Kizzie :))
just watched 's Red State again...kevin, "have i told u lately that i love u? have i told u theres...."
Poor girl; she struggles with the parking and directions and such
:-) that is awesome
So glad it's Friday(:
Mine too.
Be one of the first to receive Woodfish's long awaited new album slated to be released in Spring 2011. More info here www.woodfishmusic.com
is a FAKE do not follow and please report!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 58
I probably won't be (in any way) "too cool for first names," but I'll give it a shot anyway.
Like saying you you "have won" past tense, is like saying you brought a gun to a fight and still got beat tf up. Yeah. You look stupid.
Our board members are mechanical bullriding @ The Trophy Club in
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Floss and most oral care products.
haha. Why's that?
Looks pretty healthy Damian. Here's to #healthy #living! (:
I'm just bored :/
just wait the next two seasons are twice as good. Brilliant show
It's fantastic to be able to talk to you guys like this. I'm kind of in a fight with my best friend.
oh yea I'm in memphis too lol
30 minutes, let's do this thing #Brewers!
Thanks for following, Ray! We love your video of the Coke Happiness Plane--congrats on founding the Magical Mile High Club!
get at it. you rule.
Thank god... BATS!
It's too quiet. I have a feeling there's going to be a big trade made soon.
i hate when your in a serious convo with someone and they reply with YOLO.....bro you fuckin kiddin me ill shove my 2inch down your throat!
Favorire NBA PLAYER. WILT!!!
no no.. Thank You!!!
is looking for a Records Technician in Pittsburgh! Experience with Doc Star software is ideal.
Where have all the [naked] cowboys gone? (pause)
The average bank teller loses $250 a year.
The days of the front runner appear to be over. Final round collapses are the new normal on the #PGA TOUR.
Marrying next week means I will now legally have to share half the covers with him. #dang!
Eat your fucking heart out.
hey, how are you? Btw I like the confidence in your bio.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Here at Candle 79, celebrating my baby's birthday
It was an amazing day at #TEDxUSC. You were missed. I was standing next to some students who said, 'We wish Josh Kun was here!'
Just van tagged Stand Your Ground AND Seeker!! You're it!!
Makes me think of the 8th grade.
and are incredible people. please treat them with respect. They are very greatful to have all of you.
twitter pics that make me cry. stop it.
make that booty bounce to the bass when it goes boom boom!
tonight, we are young.
These southern girls don't have no shame in their game!
are you actually reading any?
Hi Liz, quick question, does it need to be insured? I have no idea, typical ignorant male ! Niall
A great quote! Everyone is in the mood to change the world, but in no mood to change themselves.
why you tweetin at work fool lol
I'm putting in my vote I think The Bad Girls Club should be on once a week every week
You're too kind! Great stuff. Thank you for sharing. (P.S. You'd better claim your gift from us!)
Portlandia makes me want to move to Portland
Our editor told me the video just finished transcoding. Try it now.
are u grounded?
I've said it for a month. If everyone returns next year to Bloomington than IU will be a #1 seed and in the Final Four next year
Boston & East ave Maryland visionary art museum kinetic race. Very awesome !
The Mariners now have a Suzuki and a Kawasaki. When are they calling up Honda and Yamaha?
OH in your house? If so, RUN!
Thanks for the FF!
Thumb is healing nicely, though Gears of War 3 is gonna cause a lot of setbacks this offseason.
Justin Bieber is here @@@@@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Tomorrow is my birthday & my present to myself are the 15lbs I lost in 6 weeks. Thank you V3! Ask me about it! #VoyagerHealthTechnologies!
Hello, Nashville! Excited to experience the country music capital for the first time.
First fight of the night and I already feel like some stress is off me :)
hey its me mary from youtube, please follow me back. =)
i miss you too little black square! i hope you can make it!
#Shedidntcallbecause its you i mean come on
JFG students Dove Academy will be partnering together with the Wright Foundation for community service activities.
i was twatching like a m'f!
The must must got meskins working in the back cuz they blasting the shit out of some norteno music lmao
Thanks everyone for coming out last night to , it was definitely a packed house!
Chris Davis throws his 2nd strikeout
RT : Granite:(v) gra-ni-te: what you don't take your Mom for.- you going in lmaoooo
he was done for years then came back through the dleague. Did the same double take.
Braun just made one of the sickest plays
week 2 but I night actually go both lol
Note to #NFL. Please relegate people spoiling picks next year. It's killing the fun...
I'm suddenly craving a Grand Slam.
#leakycruise to and have a Happy New year
every thing that comes out your mouth is fiction, not fact , so plz stop with your lies .
Of course there are delays when I leave work early. What a way to start my weekend...
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love. ~George Eliot
that was my house
Nice win for the O's. Another win they probably would have blown last year. #whynot?
I am at black sheep austin tx watch a match and downing lone stars for a dollar!!!
RT : HR jobs would be so much better if there were no employees
It's exactly what most "civilized" debates are - it's like when kid's sports don't keep score so no one feels badly ugh
I have a song on replay in my head -.-
same pretty bored.
I come home and the first thing I do is sit on the patio and enjoy an iced coffee with momma bear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
niggas who tweet other peoples song lyrics tryin to be deep stop it right now
Makes it clear why he didnt have much incentive to release/flesh out his plan.The Plan is already written
I wanna go home
The most unrealistic thing about TV cop shows is that these great looking cops would never be cops… they would be models or actors.
I saw Stackhouse on the floor and thought to myself...I hope Josh Smith has broad sholders to carry the whole team.
ahah...im doing well...just been extremely busy for like the past few weeks with school and all tht stuff...hbu??:)
Heading home after a great time at USC
yeah the alternatives can be so expensive! Hope you find something you like!
“: as in you are chowing on what chia pets grow from?? P.S. come visit” hah no no and I'm hoping to really soon!
The Internet here is slower than hell. It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone
Man, your shorter than I am, easily. Ha
Going at my current rate, I will reach 50,000 followers in 80 years. Congratulations, !
happy birthday JR!
woot! #ripcity“: Good team win. Let's get back on track.”
that is awesome. thank you so much. we really appreciate you supporting us! :) you gotta see us live now!
and Friday whaats up!?
Time flys by when your having fun <3 #talkingonthephone(:.
yum what flavor? #carbs also, buying my ticket for the leprechaun lap today
Local: Idaho receives $23 million undergraduate program grant Idaho was awarded $23 million in federal grant funding to help more Idaho...
Happy Birthday makin things much easier for the struggling artist. If u havent seen my BT themed twitter page check it out. 100
My dog just took a #Honeybaked dump. Now it feels like the hjolidays.
Thanks for the RT, doll!
follow miss mimipink and she will gladly follow back!
#Edit all day? I think so..
Scentsy Party tonight!! Need to make my goal for this month! :)
Why does the school on #Glee have chalkboards? Schools now have whiteboards and SmartBoards.
Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book. - Stéphane Mallarmé
We were stupid and didn't take any pictures. Wish we'd immortalized that one! (Link just goes to FB post.)
Thanks for the mention
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll Die tomorrow ;)
Tiger Woods just trumped NCAA tournament on ESPN
Be the Love you wish to feel in the world... FMHY <3
Rain on December 30th in Milwaukee? #theinconvenienttruth?
what are you back??
She's special.
These Pringles Heat!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
always a invite
isn't it crazy how that happens? I thought I was "huge" in college...if only.....
just watched 's keeks with rob: uhh yeah im apart of the varsity fight club frankie: oh yeah uh me to...lmao.
It's Afghanistanimation!
Congrats to my friends Tasha and Thomas Runyon who got married yesterday at chapel dulcinea in Austin Tx..Gorgeous venue and its FREE to use
cold chillin, what's for lunch esa?
RT : what say you about the Holiday Bowl this year? please include commentary. /
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
am I looking at the correct score. 3 runs through four inninngs?!?
Thanks so much for the #FF shout-out! Made my day. :)
Thank you for an awesome experience!“: has National Guard Youth Challenge cadets as guests today."
totally! Cannot think of other big Baez written songs besides Diamonds & rust & Sir Galahad, but I'm sure I'm missing stuff
I BE HORNY ALL I THINK ABOUT IS FREAKY SHIT AT NITE
o yea ..ur from maryland..
can't believe your already 18! It feels like yesturday you were in canada singing on youtube <3
Really hope the custom night guard works fore so I can stop being in excruciating pain. :(
I just unfollwed you but will follow you back in a few minutes x
Beware of opportunist!...They tend to do whatever it takes to get whatever they want not caring who they hurt in the process!!!
he got me so you know I got him
Check your emails soon. Zenzei Skincare Products are going on sale.
Tmr is gonna be so much fun. Running against one of the bwst in the state. Can't wait!
Getting ready to start our 7 pm #phametour show at East Portland Community Center! The crowd is assembling...
I am watching grandkids while parents left for movies. I think I have more fan.
Done with Relief Society stuff at least for tonight. I'll do the ongoing reassignment of visiting teaching after my script study in the morn
When life gives you lemons...... What the hell do you really do?
Amazing how seductive the rational mind is in convincing the self it has all the answers
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they secretly have feeling for.
I'm not surprised at all.
Home and Family Articles » Blog Archive » Mounting A Granite ...
RT : "No member of a crew is praised for the rugged individuality of his rowing. " ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
GET THE FRESHEST GEAR FROM 3612-A SPRING GARDEN ST.
HoeLies #31: I'm being real.
Rec #2: Consolidate and simplify programs to make them easier for prospective students and families to understand and navigate.
from gettin something to eat Mike have his car!!
Twitter is like that one person you keep going back to even though they already broke your heart. I gotta get away from this addictive shit.
good points! just feeling overwhelmed this week.
Hoping the sea salt air oceanside blew away all the obnoxious germs from the guy sitting near me and his cough attack
jp's visitation. rest in peace <3
I finished Mockingjay. I have nothing to live for anymore
Work was more than overwhelming for me :(
Fu Man Joe could work. Guests (and your boss) might even like it.
we are taking a look at it
Geez mexican parents. im telling you. haha :D
"we have an obesity problem in this country.. too many fat asses in this country." - Charles Barkley LMAO
Happy friday everyone!
*rolls eyes* since yu don't have your iPhone and can't see my emoji Lolz
#SamePerson RT : What happens when Chuck Norris meets The Most Interesting Man In The World?
these developers are just invisible to me. I don't even know what to think.
Ugh i hate sneezing!
that man could lead blind cats through a carwash.
once road a wild stallion across Oklahoma because he was to drunk to drive. Fact!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU P-Fote AC would never work so I moved in with in Diamond..temporarily lol
RT : loved seeing the sheared sheep! cool! Lots of schools today, still plenty of places to roam! We love it here!
ill be in down on friday and saturday night. Whatever works best for yous guys.
Engineers keep doing it until they get it right.
now there's 4 of us, was up to about 8, plus 1 baby!
When you say it like that: eww.
#BecauseOfAustinMahone I"ve learned to chase my dreams and never give up on anything!!<3
What a beautiful morning - reminds me of soccer weather in '76!
#np A$AP ROCKY palace
Enjoy! What sauces are you getting?
Preparing for our AAP Book Buzz during TLA #TXLA12!!
!!! ROY. Next Iverson? I think/hope so. Give me Harrison Barnes in the draft and we'll be fucking errbody up.
What's been going on?
Sittin on my porch smokin that GOOD thankin GOD for a new day :) [FOLLOW] !! if u feel me
We're excited for you to attend too! Come say hi. ;)
All these potheads in coral park are getting out of control.
Audience member/conference organizer: "A machine can't love you or care for you...or resent you." Couldn't they someday though?
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman
Fuck soccer in the morning, gah damn
To match ur theme check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com I am SURE u will connect w/ their stories!
The plus side to the world ending in 2012 is not having to hear about the world ending in 2012 anymore.
What's everyone doing today?
Switched over to the Sugar Bowl during a commercial break. Looks like Va Tech and Michigan will play a good one.
I super miss you.
I wish I could get filthy fucking rich off pitching the idea of a single mom dating show called "Baggage Claim".
Nothing like GHOSTBUSTERS (edited for tv, of course) to round out the week. "OK, who brought the dog?"
I'm back at the studio editing something for listening to Yeah that's right! You going to come over and turn it off?
can't let you down bro!
Dude I hate anatomy fucking tit balls
oh do you? Is it a good surprise?
My little sister will be the first of our Pritzker clan to get a master's degree. So proud Syd!
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset! Thanks Seattle
So I check my twitter today and it says is following ME!!! That is the cherry on top of a perfect weekend :D thank you fran ...
Oops. Usability more useful THAN oil
you seem like the sweetest guy even though i dont know you have a great night :)
thanks for the hug! For more NYC-specific donation help, I'm your gal!
#FF my wifey, my rock, she holds me down!
Your hair? I don't recommend it :c its ruined mine
Your promo materials mention "keyboard shortcuts" but I can't find a list anywhere. Even just to save a transaction.
I don't wanna be around people today
Ghetto's trending! ;)
this is the first i've been up before noon in... ever.... so i can officially say good morning back! lol
Figure Spurs give Kings whatever they want if Jonas Valanciuas is available at No 7. Cavs reportedly like Jonas at No 4.
Tonight will be down af.
I'm still here @ Firestone Auto Center in Gardena waiting for my car to get done ! -_-
Ready to get “carried away”? How about 2 free tickets to the International Balloon Fiesta? “Like” our fan page and enter to win today!
#chatfield Denver Botanic Gardens at Chatfield Opens New Visitors Center Named in Honor of Past Swingle President Earl J. Sinnamon
This dang bug buzzin around my room <<<
About to run a Magic: the Gathering launch party
*cough* iPhone *cough*
To the qualifications list for my future ex-husband,whiskey drinker,eats meat,taller than me,nice hands, I now add "must never say mommy"...
The Noise Unreleased
OCLC tech support has THE BEST 80s action movie hold music. And they're helpful too.
We're at the comedy tour. If you're here come say hi and sign the petition to reform the
Thanks MaitlanMusic! Peace :)
Bane! The football field scene! The action! The epicness! Good gawd!
Beautiful afternoon in Malibu despite the forecast for straight rain...off to the Getty!
did her thang on the finales tonight. Gonna blame the insomnia on her as I mourn
yeah. Gomez belongs in right.
that was lucky. I got into town late. Still gray and cool but no rain.
I go to the ALAs I think our electronic resources or systems librarians may be going.
just really easy for direct communication to anyone you want (to usually hard yo access personnel) in an informal manner.
one man needed help with his Carry on, one of the attendants told him no. That if she did she would have to help everyone else
Crying my eyes out, RIP Sammy
Parts of my brain are 100 years old and other parts are 10 years old... #YoungAtHeart and got an #OldSoul at the same damn time
Hey can all my amazing followers please look at and join twitlonger tl.gd/ca91a3
Happy Birthday Have A Good One <21
CORRECTION This is a reminder for our Zumba Class tonight with Jennifer Pearl Studios ROOM 1206 519 8th Ave 12th FLOOR look for
the one and only wagon wheel. You know me too well. Hope you got in a swing dance or two with those wyo cowboys.
sorry pal. Ill be in Flo-rida tanning my skin and flexing abs.
what neighborhood are you living in?
I just said damn it to my dad and he didn't even say anything about it! Wtffff. We're almost to Earthborn. c:
#ACMtakesover2012 !! TREND IT!!!!!!!!!
Sitting out dances on the wall, trying to forget everything that isn't you. I'm not going home alone, cause I don't do too well on my own.
I had no idea. :P RT Did I mention I can't stand Joe Buck?
Life imitates art far more than art imitates life =) Thanks for the follows, 200% increase in 1 day you guys are awesome!!
"Online subs grew 29 percent to 267,000 and registered users were up 33 percent to more than 4 million." continues to...
If I don't tweet that often, does that mean I have a boring life? Not at all. I just forget to share it with the world
To receive what you want, you must be free *not* to have it. The longer you're willing to wait, the sooner it will come. –Scott Noelle
"Coral is the new grey" -
Sat doing nowt great
so the beach shouldn't be busy then
Good morning
sorry. You'll find someone who will do that for ya :)
To every season turn turn turn... happy sukkot & full moon!
presale tomorrow.. be ready ;)
Dolly Madison has already swooped in to make a counter bid.
not pretty, but my Pack is preevailing...
Yeah, and the #Athletics suck. #Tigers should've swept them! :)
just so you know, all #nafsa12 attendees receive a complimentary tote bag.
“He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.” - Psalms 78:16
What is your favorite #rap song?
Most snow will come to an end from NW to SE after midnight. Just a few flurries are expected on Friday.
This is what Christmas shouldve looked like.
- tweet back to with your rave reviews of our soon-to-be-released product
Following you now for DM.
Hollie was AMAZING!
yes I'm at the shore! Beach bound too!! Have a great day Tina !
Thanks to everyone who came out to the wedding show today. :). They are playing the game on a projector tomorrow so come on down!
“Declare yourself to be a contribution... accepting that you may not understand how or why.” ~Rosamund Stone Zander & Benjamin Zander
cantBeFriendly2PeepsSo this dude really stand out my class &watchd me then tried 2flag me down when I was driving out the parkinglot
Enjoyed my interview with at Social Media Masters Summit today. Top notch.
I just lost respect for Obama. Thanks a lot
i know right? good buds of mine :)
check ya dm
Just created my first wiki. I think I'm gonna like this!
WTH JUST STOP BLAMING
TeAmo (i love you)
#friendlychevorlet lives up to their name! Just took my Tahoe in to rotate tires and they had me in a loaner & out in 15 minutes!
is NUTS & it's not even summer yet
Material mind is the arena in which human personalities live, are self-conscious, make decisions, eternalize or destroy themselves."
Will do! RT : say hello to saxman Jim Hoke with nrbq. He's one of Nashville's gems
Ken, Kebbi Williams is trying to reach you. He's on FB. Message him yr contact info.
The sounds of dubstep... RT : #90sproblems somebody in the house picking up the phone when ur on the Internet
No, this is most definitely spam crap. RT @ [redacted] u can go here and win stuff for being good at angry birds, this isnt spam crap [link]
thanks for sharing..
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
Just killed 3 billion people on pandemic 2.5 with bird shit disease
we'll see, cause you know my weight is up
Thanks fot the RT, including my typo :)
We're ecstatic! “: was a great discovery this wknd @ Little E's featuring the amazing voice of !”
Mirror mirror on the wall... who is the fairest of them all? Haha... cruisin through this mornin.
that's not good at all :( and I know we barely know each other but I'm here if you ever need someone to talk to.
Next group up - #17, EP13s. Audience= WalMart. Lotsa food deserts. In Atlanta, only 8% of African Americans hae access to a supermarket.
One Thing by 1D is stuck in my head. No complaints tho
added to my workout playlist: check.
Ethics: 9 yr daughter wants my Jeff Mangum ticket. Only one can go. Me because I'm old/deserve it? Or Violet because it'll shape her future?
SpaceX! Love it. I hope the launch isn't delayed.
My babes need to get his culo up ! Ugh. . . . But Good morning handsome.
J'ai chié le dernier c'est un six pack...
Slip her a shot Laura :P
You did a good job but it doesn't mean you need to "reward" yourself w a new car. Bad investment, depreciates fast. Buy used.
First tennis spaghetti supper #word #dyinglaughing #yummy!
thanks for the follow, hope to learn a lot from your tweets.
thx for tip--the economics befuddle me. w/o external checks, why wouldn't pay-per-use rates be futzed to = exactly what we pay now?
Thanks For Showing Mee Some LOVE And Retweeting Mee..
I'm Back!!
Writing session
Gotta go my homies, make it a great day. I gotta do wut I gotta do, Unity, peace and love to all of you.
watching the boyz advance each week in ABDC #ICONicMemories <U+2665>
WONDERFUL!!! I will tell him. :) he's one of our best.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 2012 AFC CHAMPIONS!!
Westbrook dunks a lot like me.. except he dunks the shit out of it and looks good doing it. I got the scream down tho.
twitter for #special people!!!
the fat lady is sangin' RIP Mavs.
SO awesome!! U still have your ring from '04? “: Go Oregon Tech! National Championship game tomorrow at 4pm on TV!”
Tim O'Brien gave a great reading at Grossmont but set the stage with a powerful performance of her "Rainbow"
#FF BOSS & the ENTIRE TEAM! If you need event planning, artist development, &/or promo services you need
Can you really evaluate a draft (whether it be NBA, NFL, MLB) until 3-4 years later?
Oh yes I know , it's gonna be to sexy !!
Funny how you only wanna talk to me after school
wow still havent gotten over the bronco loss i woke up still upset!
Me too
Dinner chez with students from for #hackingedu - a wonderful way to learn and spend an evening
WhooHoo! I'm ready for it!
Eventually, I mean. The student services job now, then the masters degree, then making things better for teachers.
Looking forward to seeing what cloud services Apple has cooked up. If baked into iOS & OS X, it could be great, and very hard to match.
in '69, MS was East of "The" Mississippi so... "no". I DID pass out cold during burlesque in Las Vegas - Does that count?
Japans marching band is the only band or float which had dedicated photographers... just sayin
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010. Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST. Looking into hotel pricing.
did a lot today and it feels good!
Thanks for the follows! Visit the McMurray location this week and receive %50 off 1 large 1 topping pizza. One per visit per follower.
It's a pretty good teaser tactic!
"When I wake up in the morning, I ask myself: whose ass can I kick?" Ben Huh at #tedxsea (via )
The NCAA has placed the California men's basketball program on two years probation as a result of 365 impermissible recruiting phone calls .
Just because you have a mouth, doesn't give you the right to make rumors.
Seattleites, whats your favorite thing to do in the winter?
todays not just any other day... its been #1year since followed me
Nope it was not in Puerto Rico!! It was an award that was being discussed at the Hispanic Advertising Assoc Conference.
Team TCD wants to know your favorite #Milwaukee #foodtruck for an upcoming feature. Please reply here, with tags if possible. Thanks.
internal bliss = Empty gym
At an asian bday party
YOU CANT EXCEPT MEH TO BE THERE FOR YOU..i FUCK W/ THOSE WHO FUCK W/ MEH..BUT KAYLA &&ND THiS POLO HAT THOUGH...
Wheat Beer anyone?
D.c vs. Dallas soccer , tied game. #whosGonnaWin? (:
Ahh you're in L.A.? That's cool. Have a good time. :-)
what about community, the office, its always sunny?
Nailing down more series details this afternoon! Can't wait to share next week. Until then, don't forget to sign up - you can win tomorrow!
Tonight, I was a volunteer photographer for the Austin Children Museum's Fundraiser, Imaginarium 6 hours of shooting=exhausting & rewarding.
Think I'll pick up a #7 Norichika Aoki jersey. Go Crew!
#ThingsIveRealized life is short!!
Walking to the bus and watch it just drive past. shiiiit, gonna be late now :(
It bugs me when writers try to use the "other left" joke when everybody is facing the same direction.
He had occasional flashes of silence, that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
One of the few rounds in Mayweather's career that he got hit hard, and kept getting.hit thru the round. Cotto takes 8. 5-3 Mayweather leads.
hey hannah:) i love you soo much. sexy steve is miinee;) hahahahaha:) love you bunches. love your bestfriend,
i miss you <21
I'd love that. You could also give me some latte art pointers :)
alright I'll have to do that then! Thanks for telling me what I already figured. Haha :P
Firehook Bakey & Coffee House has its niche in the bakery market!
Be a WARRIOR...not a worrier. - Karen Salmansohn
Ooh this would be fun RT Tonight: we & present 7pm Doors, 8pm Music, $8 at door only, 18+. BE THERE!
: cant watch b/c of presidential address
Thanks for the ReTweet!
Hello and happy St Patricks day everybody. Let's get outside and have a great day in this awesome weather. Don't forget to talk us up today
no problem Tabitha! Like us on facebook for a chance to win a FLIPCAM! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Tewksbury residents: don't forget to #voteyes of question one today for a stadium, track, field, and tennis courts we can be proud of
"Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway."
Stopped at Culvers for dinner and is working tonight. He up sold me on the cheese curds. Great recommendation!
let's make this a HAPPY Friday ...deal?
youu should totally come to relay for life Friday. (:
or the person you only saw as a friend for so long, then all of a sudden things just change between you and you don't know why
RT if u will stay mindless no matter what changes
Haircut in a salon: $50 plus tip. Haircut in my bathroom by my own hand: priceless.:) See ya split ends. For free!
I'll b on the Late Late Show w Craig Ferguson on CBS this Fri. at 12:30 am. Set ur DVR's. Please.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know im weird and still stay friends with me
How do you join your organization? What are the dues for trade members? We'd be interested to join.
I had some red spots (but not bad blisters) from my Sperrys at first. Break 'em in they really are the comfiest!
Summer is coming - better Disco! 8am Wednesdays
If you are going to be at Block Party, or game give me a shout. Great day for #Nats baseball.
I wish I would have bought Apple stock years ago.
hail to the redskins! are going to beat the cowboys!
Yup. Time for something new.
ha no prob. im not stingy...i need smokin buddies...
making Chex mix like a 1950s housewife
Just realized we should have got tickets to the Sweet Life festival tomorrow since the R&B lover is out of town.
Trying to break into a building, Rene cracks,"Doubt your dental floss will work here, Aimee." Great characters!
Playing ball at the illest backyard courts. These courts are official.
RT Cheat On Your FEARS. Break Up With Your DOUBTS. Get Engaged To Your FAITH & Marry Your DREAMS.
Congratulations! You'll love Indy. RT : Exhausting day! But a very good one :-) still overjoyed josh got the job in Indianapolis!
One rotten apple can spoil a whole barrel, one energy drainer can spoil your whole life! Detoxify yourself of people that zap your energy
Miracles happen in those moments when we forget to remember our limitations ;) x
70 percent of black women are unmarried, and they are more than twice as likely as white women to remain that way.- Kate Bolick
Custom Toy Story Dresser Knobs 6Flickr - Photo Sharing - toys story
lol so basically I should keep doing what I'm doing lol
MT #SOTU: "Think about the America within our reach - a country that leads the world in educating its people"
How is every one today? Waiting to do jiu jitsu and MMA class
Did you get the recipe from ? She's got one that it spot on.
Fellow GSO'ers kick off your weekend at Murphy's Irish Pub with free pizza! We'll be starting at 5:00pm. See you there!
If your work is well integrated with your life, balance is redundant.
i want one:D
bo! Next time I guess
its 11:08 ..3 more minutes untill i make my last wish for the day <3
my mothers the reason I haven't gotten married, she bitches at me enough it makes me want to stay single just to not her anyone else bitch
ARD ADZ FT MIKE L - US AGAINST THE WORLD
Grossman is Mr. Persistent: "If you're going to make a big deal about it, I'll stick to it. We are going to win the East" (via )
At night, #RobGronkowski dreams that he is
Trying To Touch A Million Dollars And I Feel Like I'm A Dime Away.
If the #Celtics can pull a W out here that would be huge going back to Bean Town. What was that KG? Oh yeah. "Anything is possible!"
OLIVE GARDEN
the school?
Everytime I see a korean smoking a cigarette I look for the cameras bc it looks like a moving ad .
maybe there was another incident with the creepy guy who robbed someone? I hope not, but maybe they caught him...
Seems like every day lately has been national something or other day, right? We're happy Thursday didn't disappoint!
It may be cold outside but we have just what you need to stay warm and fuzzy! Come in and see us open till 9!! :)
YES, yes you do! Come on Kurtis!
“: The baseball bloopers were better in the Naked Gun.” -- the guy getting mauled by a tiger gets me every time.
What are you doing on your day off? Don't forget to invite your friends to #partyrock Wednesday, Feb 22! Doors open at 6. Free Blue Man Tix!
i got shorty be mine by pretty ricky stuck in my head
Didn't even think of that. Yeah. Have him punch Manu in the nose 3 or 4 times. How great would that be?
Is your thesis work on online dating available/shareable?
I want to touch her hair 0.0
now who done pissed u off ma.......
Finally finished Tropic of Cancer, spread out over seven months
Beautiful day here. I appreciate you following me:
I'm glad I'm not the only one. We couldn't wait for part 1 to end. Then part 2 was lame.
I agree
#ThingsIAlwaysAvoid girls that are hot and funny, but say they like Gross!
See my problem is I care too much
Austin is Our world :D
Life is so funny, haters dislike beautiful ppl because they are so critical of everyone elses success.. n wonder why they appear UGLY!!
this is true. Lol. But it will be epic when Chicken comes to the bucket.
Ya tequila makes her clothes fall off..
thanks! All credit due to KSW staff, Lisa and Claire. I just smiled and ate.
call me when you get a sec
I always get mad when people do dumb things while driving but then realize I sometimes do the exact same thing.
Thanks! Still hashing out the fine print, but will definitely put the final info out on twitter soon!
Attending a 9/11 tribute at my daughters school. Giving honor to public servants including myself. So thankful, honored, & emotional. <U+E022>
bngrips to amber ice
Thanks to #aca NYState Exchange will insure. 1.68 million New Yorkers will get health insurance.
Amen Fashion On The Runway, Work It Black Jesus!
Would love to collaborate on some album artwork with you if you're interested!
IM BAK!x“: istill cant believe deleted her twitter -________-”
I want some right now. What's the special for the month??
That please is SO Good!
If You Follow The Crowed, You Might Get Lost In It...#BeYourSelf ((:
We just received an 'Exceptional' rating on our Choice Hotels inspection!
Andrew WK's drummer: 3 kick drums. Best ever probably.
You haven't Changed. Lol!
Off to Chicago for more CCTV site surveys.
aw I didn't get it :(
day off! :D
: 1,000s of people showed up for pep rally including #RVA mayor
doing well, how about you?
We're back at TONIGHT @ 11PM, with , Topher Bousquet and ! Get ready!
Not 2 bad. Taking some suppliments and drinking water. This old man can't handle the booze like I used to.
Hiking Tips For You And Your Dog - Global Animal
that was michael Lewis James
LOL Great response! (Does anyone eat fish sticks anymore?)
Anybody want to go the mall with me to see the Princess Diana exhibit?
Hah, no meds this time, just a filling. Hoping for a good day tomorrow regardless.
From Zachary and Natalie: Dear Emma, We have seen lots of castles and mountains in Germany. Lots of ice cream too!
Sad to see such talent wasted. A reminder that drugs only dig graves. So sad for her daughter whom is now a "motherless daughter"
My mind made up, grind game up, thank the Lord I'm so blessed....
Hello followers of mine go follow her tweets are awesome u wont regret it
now don't be mean andrew. i know you're gonna be working on ie6 all weekend so just relax and enjoy 2001 :-p
Super psyched for at the tomorrow! He's kind of totally amazing, so don't miss it!
I didn't know. How are you tonight?
I started sweating. What did I do?! Tonight was good b/c of ravioli, but what about tomorrow? And the day after that?!
Banana price from G.E. -> $.49/lb last month; $.55/lb this month
#Holiday Season is approaching, wouldn't it be nice to #christmas shop and not have to fight the crowds,check us out
Hotlinks are tremendously use in mass marketing to lead web users to the website
can u stay out my dm? I don't even understand what ur saying. Thank u!
I need a iPhone.. huh!!!
Why worry when Thee Turk is in my corner? RT : BOOM BOOM!! Attentions you!! Where is my helpers!! Be redy. Pleas. Time comes.
You guys seriously have no clue how much I miss you :(
oh man! Heartbreaking :( he's working his mojo on me now
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
I guess you haven't hit maximum geekdom...until today! Congrats! :)
Another set for
Thanks for the
Absorb wet spills as quickly as possible by blotting with white paper or cloth towels. #Atlanta $GA
Twitter mania!
LMAO! That is correct!
FREDDIE MERCURY :3
Going to sleep. I love you . Today and everyday <3
When Dave accepts your friend request ! ;)
Free Gift ! Age Intervention Gentle Cleanser with purchase of Age Intervention Dark Circle Eye Defense. $ 23.00 Value
Today just isnt my day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
killer mercy show! See you at bonnaroo hopefully!
Jealous person of the owner of an eMac. (I don't care how old it is I WANT ONE)
Building capacity of #AU missions and support of #UN, #EU. For now these issues need to be addressed for #AMISOM say panelists.
Yeah, I don't claim that side of the family for good reason. Lol.
they have to hook up! Also Shmidt & CeCe!! Do u watch 2 Broke Girls??
getting there!
exams graded and now a full 22 hours grading-free before the next round of assignments--research paper rough drafts--comes in. Yippee!
We won our scrimmage game 48 - 34 !
i'm confused by it too
GREAT STUFF Michelle Thank you!
lol pretty warm 80 degrees or so.
Tom can't drive the boat and ski @ the same time.... He has to have a team around him!!! #let'sgotothelake
My city dont support they own people.
lmao hahahah hilarious..it be like that sometimes
you got it.
Join us starting around 6pm tonight, hanging out in casual Tweetup form at Not long now!
The site looks great btw :-)
I just am. It
any night at Kendall Pike's
I WANTT TOO BUT HOLY GOD WHEN SHE FOUND OUT I MADE A TWITTER WITHOUT HER KNOWING SHE GROUNDED ME FOR 7 MONTHS.
I want to put "Josh follows" in my bio just to see how many people I can trick.
11,250 — The projected number of new business licenses in Chicago in 2011.
Haha. Yup, new app. Get into it.
U did! “: Hats off to & on big wins vs RHIT. It was a pleasure 2 rock the PA at the Beck center 4 u both”
let's touch on friday?
Red Space Gallery's second opening was a magical night!
Sitting around is my favorite thing to do! People get your shit together! I protest part place!
“: Anyone wanna see Trevor from interview ?????” yes I'm in love with -Zach :)
When all hope is lost. What do you do?
3 Weeks until the due date to see my newborn baby girl
so bored, god i hate today. it looks fresh outside tho. i wish it was tuesday already so i could work
My mom also started to friend my friends on FB. That pissed me off to no end.
Not against lib arts but infusing reality and workplace issues into the curriculum is the next step -JOates
At least they dn't break yr guitar MT : What is it w/United losing our fn' bags all the time?! Boycott is in order. Patience depleted.
Tough round to call. I'll say Mayweather takes the 1st for landing more punches.
RT : “The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now.” ~ African Proverb
I get that a lot. : Well then, please don't be offended when I say you have an ass to die for. An ass to kill for.
Gasp!!! It won't be the same without you. Good luck with the move!!!
Omg I just turned to the gem shopping network. It is EXACTLY like the South Park episode.
Looks like that tshirt will be getting some use this March.
love the name! Coqui is a puerto rican frog :)
I wish that was me :(
AUSTIN! YOU SHOULD COME TO MIAMI INSTEAD OF TAMPA ;p
It was the Sony phalanx taking revenge for our potshots at it yesterday
"Save us from making those choices that harm us and other people"-beautifully prayed.
Getting in the elevator after a chain smoker is not fun.
what u was finna say Eddie? Haha
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
The parking shuttles run 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. They typically run approx. every 10 minutes.
its my birthday (:
Setting up my first iPhone
you smart donkey gurl, well in that case, HAI
Id rather not watch a holocaust documentary in history. It's too early and it's too sad.
I'll give you that semi-professional feedback any day... oh, as a service, right...
Deleting my social networking sites. Peace
It sucks waiting for him to text you first because you don't want to be
I suck at the internet, JayMohr.com, Facebook, Google, none of it's telling me, where do I get tickets for 9/6/11
thanks for the follow!
No. Way. Where did you find this treasure?
you signed off on me!!! I was about to explain how to fix your Pages issue!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
: not going to miss #endgen2011. It just takes some mental prep to prepare...
Want the most money for you books? Bring them to BookHolders! We are open until 10pm Sun-Thurs!
ings been going?
BearShare is AMAZING! :D I can download Austin's covers he did!
Ugh, yup. Hell be 2 for 8 with six turnovers then preen after finally making a wide open three.
happy early bday just incase i forget
Clear path foul there tho
Sex aint better than love....
is Beer 40 a really fancy version of Beer 30? I definitely think we would spring for that on a fancy occasion like this
Helping the speech team out with their carwarsh :]
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 51
"Less rancid than his last" You needn't be so generous JC! Now I'm *really* excited to see PARIS.
looking forward to it!!
OVER 150 RSVP's for ICSC RECON Net Lease. Let us know if you're coming to this FREE event on May 20, 2012 in Las Vegas. See link below.
sorry I was at Broadway and Kilbourn today...should be down to Marquette on Monday
Very soon!!!
New drink I invented that's better than booze. Large ice water with lemon and a spash or six of pomegranate 5hr energy.
Lunch(: wiff steph maddy eric olivia david &some guy i dnt know;p.
10 days til we launch on our mobile app! RT this for a chance to win a $25 gc @ any bripp bar!
i ain't gon be no crazy fangirl and send death threats but
#MyChildhoodHeroes Scooby & Shaggy. Why? Because everybody isn't a tough guy.
Obsessing over what I still need to figure out and how to do my job....
met you at #warehouse and #roxy on your bday reminding you about my event #MAY27th #PARTYRIOT, #AYVACENTER look foward to working with you.
you should seriously tell him to follow mee cuz i freakin love him and i will love you forever as a friend lol datsounweird
Gotta go with the pimp suit and a wad of cash to blow on the early races. I'd be with the peasants by Derby post time.
you are very sympathetic! <3
A wise brand once said... Just Do It.
Merry Christmas Mahomies(:
we miss you too! I miss all of our trips to the TN games! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
#ShoutOut to pursuing that dream . Wish the best of luck for you !
Jealous! RT It's a tough job, but somebody's got to do it.
cant listen 2 it all, dang he had me xcited
Too true
Gumer & Co. Jewelry is finally on Twitter! Please "follow" us!
no love for me :( hahaha
Derek!! I miss tweeting you D: haha
Tiz a day of post-production, glorious post-production. It's indie film related - but still can't wait to be working on another feature.
put me down <3
feelin it hard tonight... that sounds much dirtier than intended ;) mimis taim!
re: Cap and Trade Hearings. Never before have so many people been so willing to publicly demonstrate how little they know about a policy.
Got my first Pink Martini CD ("Splendor In The Grass") for Xmas, now I'm addicted. I've already listened to it 3 or 4 times today. =D
First Taco Cabana ran out of shells and now Amayas is out of Spanish rice...wtf?
probably not the best way to find out! eek!
I have now! Thanks very much.
Even Our Hero can't split hairs that thin, sir.
#AlexaFact She just finished rapping up on "Royal Pains." I cannot wait to see the episode! Stay tuned! RT
delivered a Nintendo 3DS to Jimmy Fallon this morning + he tweeted about it!
#thatawkwardmoment when tells you what happened on Jersey Shore. o_0
Wait...is the ice cream and churros diet bad? Thought those were both dad staples.
just finished up a great day walking around the beach and whatnot with Chloe, my legs hurt like hell, but it was worth it!
another great issue of !
Wish I was there. Cured beef heart on menu, too?
Watching the procession of Teddy Kennedy..may he find peace joining hs siblings he lost so young...
#fridayreads OPEN CITY by Teju Cole. And #ff too. He may be the only person here who tweets in complete sentences.
Huge #Shoutout to the #Crew of 226 Stadium Suites.
Apparently this just isn't going to workout.
the question is what neighborhoods do we all live in?
That's it, my child's middle name WILL be "Waitforit." :)
Salmon with bulgur, hollandaise sauce and a salad! perfect way to end this lovely friday :)
feeds my romanticised vision of my favorite city in the world.
I love watching the Kardashians but come on... Leave Kim have her day in peace!
Konya to be connected to Istanbul via high speed rail.
Glad yer ok. Next time your CC says light em up, he doesn't mean the jet dryer though! ; )
Yeah, the deadline was January 1st.
ugh I can't believe you.
There is still time for me to rock a pink evernote shirt
hmmph I should of stayed longer... oh well
ok . I will let her know .. me and my bestie was just talking about you this morning
My mom said happy mothers day to me. What is she trying to say...
keep up the great work look forward to talking with you more tomorrow coach.
S/o to da niggas who rock dat fake ass glassy ass big baby shackle around dey wrist. Witta matching chain . O_o
Ash Wednesday everybody, so that means shrimp baskets or grouper sandwiches for lunch. Time to pay for all that fun on Fat Tuesday.
Wale is on espn
I ordered my Vans March 25, and they JUST arrived at my door. Happy tho. :-) Happy first day of May!
The only thing sleazier than a casting couch is a casting couch shaped like a race car. Watch out.
Thanks to our fellow panelists for a great discussion on the #API economy here at
awesome. How long will you be there? We will come visit
Peace is underrated. Thanking God for another day. Goodnight.
Another Leap Year, another excuse to watch that AYOTD classic, THE TALE OF THE WHISPERING WALLS.
i just saved a bunch of money by switching to
Photogs get paid quicker by new clients. Send a W9 with your invoice.
Center of the field goal!
What an amazing turn out we had so far for our
That's totally fine by us. We'll treat you right. : )
editing is going great...@ the TRIANGLE
LOL. I thought of that alternative option once I hit "Tweet".
I hope his helmet is horned for the occasion
how old r u?
Happy Mothers Day
thank goodness i dont live with her anymore. Hehe. Your really pretty btw
Good Morning Bullets Fans!!!
My brother lives in OAHU im so worry
nothing wrong with a wierd mood buddy!! lol
Brrrr...where did that sunshine go?
XBOX LIVE!
need an idea for a album cover help! lol
Dog, the Packer game is one of two Milwaukee games this year. Ticket holders from when Packers played in Milwaukee.
Thankful that there were no fatalities from yesterday's storms.
" Checked the schedule, no class on Friday"
Justin & Khalil have been hanging out lately???
This is a good strategy.
I know! Are u gonna go?
The first comment below the story is classic: "Too bad he did edit out the column Location of Body."
sexy sexy... Nice pic<U+E106>
You haven't watch Seinfeld, have you?
Aww, I rather be you though!
#2ThingsIAppreciate Family and Friends.
I got work... and Bahahahah!!! :) miss youuss!!!
Good Morning!
umm I was thinking a bar
At Southeast Venture Conference #SEVC with 60 presenting companies and Chuck Templeton founder of keynote
make sure you bring a REALLY big suitcase so I can fit
This Friday the 13th, join us at Cowley's in Farmington. Check your hockey mask at the door.
Yo give a shot out to tonight in Nashville & we'll luv u forever!!!
good guess... we shall see! haha
lists and hashtags... Stream management!
for grasso - semis: a sector of stocks not all with same valuation. selling the whole group makes no sense.
I feel a #Draft. <Closes window> There...that's better.
How refreshing it is just to sit down and shed a few tunes.
not, leaving to key west in 3 hours! :)
Yes, very much so LOL :) Anytime Suzan..
I just dont fux with mayo..lol.. No one goes to KC on purpose..
I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic!! Fuck me this way!!!
fest is July 13-15. Big lineup this year, but I think they're still adding acts. Try to get on there!
Worship Pat Kiernan! Also, was thinking wow this piece is so well written...It's by the 's !
mashed potatoes at 11 is defiantly the best <3
good morning!!!
just to many things goin on lately...you goin?
About 100 steps backwards for Ron Ron. Haven't been this disappointed in a player for a while
filling it out right now
RT : We're announcing Gun Bounty program at 10 a.m. today. It'll pay tipsters $1000 who can give info leading to felony gun charges
Everytime I grow my nails long and get ready to have a mani I break a nail. Yesterday about to have a pedi & a whole toenail breaks off Smdh
Studio Trilogy clients Patrick Landeza, Kronos Quartet and Joan Jeanrenaud will be playing Carnegie Hall tonight and next week.
RT Recreation in refuges, natl parks & public lands led to nearly $55 billion in economic contribution and 440k jobs in '09.
nothing new.
I'm happy to Beta (and you know I love you AND I'm unflinchingly honest).
Just got back from school. Have to study the fuck out of science to get a A on this test.
Committee on Post-War World determined that the liberal arts would still be relevant after the war
Woohoo! Thanks! RT Bingo winners! and come to the raffle table! You are a winner!!!
Salty Bowls Of Rice???
Dreaming-System of a Down :)))
More than half of America lives on less than $50,000 a year (the entire family). People forget that.
Shit if I ever saw on the streets, you best be knowing I would not hesitate to say hi ^.^
When you try 2 please everyone at the exclusion of self & God—U will find urself walking a lonely, tired & frustrated life. Learn 2 say NO.
Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
#WhyDoIAlways loose all my bobby pins
Help! We need more Sponsors for our B2B Event. If interested, call us today at 828-0574
#Hater, as usual...
Shideler better be at the academy.
Home on the 25th again!!!
it's going well! It's always a good day learning Chinese! Thanks for asking!
License Plate Imager operates in challenging conditions.
Murder by Death (1976)
I just feel like losing it.. Its been 5days but it feels like a million years..
It's not easy being green. So, why not be red?! Rubicon Irish Red, that is. We've got bottles here! All your last minute gifts are waiting..
You're welcome. Looking forward to a successful "Explore Fulton Market"
Immediate Casting! Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
Sex right now will be great ! "Tony tiger voice
aye bro thats dope
just got back from the apple store with my brother to just got a Thunderbolt MacBook Pro!
Really??? That sucks!!! I like aptain Morgan's Spiced Rum in my egg nog :)
good bubba, you?
Seattle can suck it! And stuff.
We definitely have to check that out.
Enough of everyone else's words. It's just a sign that nothing makes sense to me.
haha it gets better (:
TV. If kids are entertained by 2 letters, imagine the fun they'll have with 26. Open your child's imagination. Open a book. ~Author Unknown
Filming began on this day in 1938 on The Wizard of Oz. I love when she opens the door to color.
My scene partners completly canceled on me. Now I have to learn a new scene in 5 days at home bymself. Bye sociallife.
They are jealous of the Driver. That is why they are so bad scoring him
If the Bulls keep playin like this they r not goina win a ship
: Hmm. Tough call. How about THE LIFEBOAT by I've heard great things about it from lots of Tweeps.
Please welcome Cara_Gershen to the Max life
keep grinding in LA don't let nobody get you down
Just announced: New Years Eve at Blue Nile upstairs!!! Khris Royal and Dark Matter and Mia Borders will also be playing w/us!!!!
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. ~John D. Rockefeller
#ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: How did we fight WWII but take so long to fix our own civil rights issues?
Thanks Billy for checking out the site!
I'm sad I only had a moment of flyby hostility.
RT : How great is great
Thxs 4 the follow and for the mention. Hope you're enjoying ur friday
LOL.You can't do that, I do the same to you and everyone on the board.
The Gibson 3 was waived off
I should show you pictures from steeplechase three years ago in a white dress, hat, and mud up to everyone's knees haha!
- What type of lock are you looking for? Let us know how we can help!
looking gorgeous on the red carpet and talking up the SAG/AFTRA merger! Go Kate!!!
- And, more to come, right?
Okayy night for real(; I lovee y'all:D
Favorite Idol moment last night....that drummer during "Stairway" wow
We need to make sure that we manage resources at CFSA better.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. Frank Tyger
Hip is messed up ...going to ONE tomorrow
Fkg love Google voice navigation and how it pops up street view when "arriving at destination"
If you get good at waking the dead, shoot some of that mojo my way. I can barely keep my eyes open.
thank you kindly!
you're a senior already?!? I must have a senior pic. Baby Jaleno.
=o wait i want all parts but i have no way there =/ lol
Just voted for for #PMOY2012 Who do u think should win?
Leaving at 11. Going to the Hands on Museum for the kids, then the fountains, then swimming. I'm really happy today. <U+2665>
Burn ban lifted in Madison after weekend rain
how was the pink Floyd
Iowa Fun Fact: The winner of the straw poll gets put in the Wicker Man.
Mama said You need to stop rapping...
Left my Fitbit at home today, and I keep losing count of my steps.
I no
Some James Neal "fans" are so creepy. Get the hell off of him and both his dad and his brothers.
KU is down, but not out.
Absolutely. Send your contact information to . Looking forward to hearing from you!
if we end up getting stuck again, I'll let you know!
Ok it's official..my new favorite show us The B in apt 23. Freaken hysterical!!!
Dwight Howard confirming on he has lady parts
NOW AT Jamba Juice PEACH MANGO OR GRAPE PASSION... IM DOING HIS PEACH MANGO...ITS DOING #Onething U KIDDIN ME?
our social networking site is still up & we are in the proces of streaming ive Polynesian concerts/events directly to our site via ustream
Am mad for Wavy Gravy. A great flick!
Fellow #spartan alum, Coach Izzo and the Michigan State B-ball team at the Phoenix Sheraton tonight 7pm #sweet16 #ncaa RSVP
You're very welcome! Let us know how it turns out for you!
Hope everyone had a great week and is planning an even better weekend! Happy Friday, everyone!!
I am on board. Been a huge fan since his days at Barca. I'd donate to the cause
Last week of real tv. Moving to Madrona and decided not to sign up for cable. Kind of bittersweet, but I'll save money and braincells.
FOOD BATTLE 2012?
bah aha "placement".
Thanks for the shout out What did you think of the trailer/Lightshow Bob?
These are the type of fucktards that will start a riot/race war..
"Brainstorming-some ideas will succeed, others will fail. Either way, at least you tried, dreamed, & aimed for success."- K. Whatley
YEAH I'M TWEETIN SO STAY TUNED....
Taking advice on love and how to make it.
hi jeremy
I wish Microsoft would stop making PowerPoint. Nobody knows how to use it correctly but yet they want to use it for everything!
When 3pm hit, I thought I would get a call or a notification that its DA WITCHIN HOUR!
Just yelled "HEY SLUT" to my friend at school the other day and watched about 15 girls turn around. Awkward.
The site is officially up for Paperthin the Movie! Im excited!
First 10K ever was a wild success!
wait your gonna sleep while chandlers there!? *Confused!*
I swag to my own standards. Clothes don't make or break a person. If women realized this, I think they would realize their self worth also
I'm REALLY tired from #wzpljinglejam. Mama needs a nap.
About to be on time for Day 3, and oh lovely--a train decides to come right before I go through the light!
Now where did I leave that apple? Well I can always borrow one from the Queen. 'SNOW WHITE' opens this weekend! 412.243.5201 for tickets!
I'm following you already! lol
; you will see some results when you put that ass on papers & it will make you feel better .. don't let it get to you though
So glad you are tweeting for the 100th show from backstage! We are glad to be here!
I used to live in the Caribbean (on an island). I stupidly got a short haircut. I ended up looking like a poodle!
Don't miss out! Enter to win a great book "Overwhelmed No More" by on r site www.knowledgesafari.com
Not many things in life are better than drinking a beer you made
love when fastfood places say "pull up and we will bring food out" Y U NO have my food ready?!
Love gettin' some dick.
just want to say have a nice meal and hope to see you in the premire soon #dying jussssstttttinnn!!
He confuses me with the time change
I wonder what its like being so god damn stupid, why don't you please explain
yo, just tried to end the universe with a dunk! dios mio!
Do you think there is anyone at the other end of the phone when someone has to say "Hello..HEllo....HELlo....HELLo.....HELLO"?
It's sum shit of ppl out here...
I did. Will send you contact info soon.
Hermanas early registration for convention ends on Friday. Make sure you register!!!
Where do you live I'm interested in the mother plant
#SFers - the boy is dying to go to the I Love This City Festival coming up. Have you been? Is it worth the high-price tix?
anywhere basta big hotels. . and if u find that hotel go ask for the new person who checked in that hotel
It may be early to tell, but I'm really liking this HTC phone. Sense makes Android tolerable.
Happy Leap Day! Anyone celebrating a birthday? First person to tweet me proof they are a Leap baby gets a $5 DD card. Pic of license will do
They are currently playing us on 107.5 right now! :D
chip count?
Participating in a training on the OECD iLibrary.
Don't even look back and say "if only" or dont worry about what "could've been". God didnt let it happen for a reason. MOVE ON.
Haha right after i visit w.americasmostwant.?.com
nice...thanks!
sorting out 600k + of emails this gonna b a b
Yo, do you only mix and club in local areas near you or do you go every where? Cus id love to see you tear it up, im in illinois:(
so its mii bday im in vegas gonna hit tha palms
Can I produce "Anger Management" or at least guard the catering table from unwanted hands?
this is boring football!!!!
Awesome quote! Going to write this down and put up in several places for my daughter on Austism Spectrum and rest of family!
r u srs?! she is absolutely a mess r.r a bad teacher D: YAY!!!! well at least thats a good high grade congrats sweetheart!! :DD
Thanks for the follow
it's 10 already?? I'll be so happy when school is over and I can get all the time I need out of my day.
Why are they showing old episodes of #psych :l
Centipeding is when you have sex with a hundred women
Who off that team was a whore member? BCG maybe?
oh wow, La Jolla, nice!
ridiculous! If hits were illegal hits and flags thrown then maybe, but that didn't happen did it?
email me ur events for april and we will promote them!
I HAVE THE PRINTED CONFIRMATION.
I made the mistake of telling 's mother he hates Quickbooks. She loves it, so now he's getting an earful.
C'Mon, 9 more Followers til' I hit my 50 Mark!! :) Follow me Tweeters :)
Frenchie hitting the spot. Where are joel & tina?!
It's too early.
I don't think either one of them is going to die, it's someone else. If I'm wrong I will cry for days. lol
you can visit www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Tomorrow is going to be depressing.
Backbay somwhere.. please come!! I need you in my life!! xx
Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it.-Noam Chomsky
I kinda wanna go blonde o_0
Things I have to say: No I am not a surfer! No I am not high! No I am not "The Situation" My hair was cool like this way before DJ Pauly!...
when u coming o Miami?
damn nigga take off one day
Lots of info about subcontracting scams ... and by a state university :(
There needs to be a place for people to donate to people in love to fly them where ever they need to go.
Saw 's goodnight moon video in kohls earlier :)
yep... Keep up the good work! Hopefully I'll see you drawing Backlash again!
buck up buckeroo
Grey's Anatomy is going to be so good tonight!
Of course you're a top influencer Ms. Byrne! You #SM rock star :) RT : DCs top social media influencers. Congrats to
Instead of sleeping I was being nosey and reading about that drama
THANK YOU for all the new follows! If you haven't yet, go to www.myspace.com/fevershot and check out the new song POP BOOM POW!
I'm tweeting to get sleepy!
I Guess Hiring “Gang Bangers” To Pass Out Free Samples Wasn’t The Greatest Idea.”Here Take This… Otherwise I’ll Punch You In The Face.”
Last quote from Joseph Campbell's editorial 'Game Theory' in Sept. 1955 edition of 'Astounding Science Fiction'. Insightful read.
hit my email fam
rt "It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always." ~ Oprah Winfrey
Headed to Denver, CO to play with the Alex Brown Quartet at Dazzle Jazz Club.
WOW I go to FWHS!..this is soo cool. So who is ure bias???
but this lady has like triple d's they're down to her knees
Wow...there were some great young speakers at the #YMCA MLK Breakfast this morning!
For I was born beside your waters, & since very young I knew, that my soul had hidden currents, that my soul resembled you. -Américo Paredes
So now like I'm stuck in Chinese talking peoples!!!
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout a work out
I LOVE ur hair color:) <3
The one and only season of Terriers, LOST s1, Breaking Bad s4.
Pete Peterson invited Paul Ryan to his deficit meeting next week despite him voting for the Bush tax cuts, Iraq war, Medicare Part D & TARP
RT if you put Austin's name in all the songs you sing about love <3
My feet are killing me
Last night I spent several anxious moments looking for my eyeglasses while I was WEARING THEM. On my FACE.
Man I never thought I would be budgeting on weed
don't overthink it. I think she'll cave if we just throw in some mac'n'cheese and chocolate.
I don't think ive had this much spanish homework in my life urggggg
#valentinesday You realize what it's like to be a vampire? Live forever, love some mortal till they die, then move on?
i know, im excited lol
we love your bedazzler!! Even though I bad-mouthed you making it. :P
Stole nicoles Idea
A very famous quotation says cry and you will cry alone, but #smile and the world will smile with you.
You smell like Fish.
Quick is a phenomenal goaltender
Awesome!! I'm trying hard to resist the urge to say,"told u so!" Kick ass, Paul
u too :) ps- loving #juliettehasagun-- the bottle is rad! thank u :) RT Thanks girl! Hope you are good! Xoxo
Tuesday- do no work, learn about Buddhism, help children with cancer. Nice and productive :)
no worries if you can't think of it, my description is pretty vague :P
Fresh Prince never gets old!
I loved Beauty & the Geek!!!! :) I agree!
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Cheers ladies. <=Yes+to U+Yours :D
do you have a plan to come back in the philippInes?
and if justin goes and performs on aw he'll flirt
I aspire to inspire! Your welcome to join me.
wait! the nuggets took the lakers to.seven games? seriously? where have i been?
follow me cus i'm a fucking nice person.
Library 2.012 Conference is virtual, but 3 days long - I'll include it in an upcoming MLA News calendar (I'm editor), thanks
I felt like RT-ing some of :)
Glad you liked it. We appreciate your support.
Thank you, Shoe Fairy! RT : That's a lot of boxes! Let us know if you need any labels or help!
anyone that would act like that is a jerk, unworthy of a favor.
Yes I was the first one there and the only one and he gave me a kiss and a hug
49ers @ Packers and Ravens @ Patriots for conference finals!
Thanks for the #glutenfree rec to and !
Just got out the tub now about to lay down..
When n where does one draw the line between work n family responsibilities?? If u spend too much time with one, the other suffers......
RT : Very clever of Braun to simply clear the fence with his 3rd homer. Don't want to antagonize folks by showing off.
good guess - it's a Rails night! But *so far I haven't gotten stuck. *SO FAR
hahaha. if i were him i would be creeped out. hahah.
Q Where did ur inspiration 4 Top 200 Wines: An Expert's Guide 2 Max Enjoyment come from & any plans 4 a 2nd book?
Hiya killer. Where you been?
If i have the moneys i will!! defo <3
<U+2605>HARRY STYLES<U+2605> we love you! FOLLOW ME AND (:
I accidentally got to church early this morning and had to talk to people. I'll have to plan better next time.
Here's hoping Bobby Valentine has at least moderate success with the #RedSox this season so he doesn't return to the #ESPN broadcast booth.
I choose to believe these are accidents b/c of lack of awareness, not intended to upset & marginalize.
No, the 12:15 taping. We give the best high fives in all the land! And we're just generally awesome. See you soon!
What you no bout GMB live!
where u at brah
It's funny how much energy people spend focusing on how hard something will be instead of using that energy to just do it..
U.S. Added Only 115,000 Jobs in April; Rate Is 8.1%
Aww well whatever it is, I hope you get through it and feel better :(
U donated a bottle of sloop betty last year 2 our benefit & we r having another one April 28th, could you donate another bottle?
It's like a fainting couch, but you use it after a long day of hard pimpin'
Suggs ripping his achilles is terrible news for that Ravens D, especially with an aging Ray Ray.
yeah in the end I think how he handled Ovechkin was best for the team as a whole
i was thinking that, too. AS SOON as you "open the channel" to him, it rushes in.
Thx for the RT!! See y'all soon :-)
Completely agree, Cam.
Also a fan of Robinson. Heard him speak last year at a conference.
hey hooker I found your purse
No matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know.....
The Avett Brothers, "January Wedding"
@ the Lounge is ready to rock! Still seats at the bar...
word ; iwant BANANA MUFFINS DOE -_-
I askd my husband how liked the new toilet paper we recently bought. His response, "Yeah! It feels like an angel's licking my ass." Awesome.
Zayn disappeared off the face of the earth again haha.
What? You didn't iron things onto tortillas tonight? You must not be a librarian...
tiny logo on front. Back has pic of stadium. Says "the ballpark that forever changed baseball." It's not great.
I love basketball so much. So hyped for the Pacers game
Oh the power of love. Had the great honor of profiling Al and Grace Byrne, married 56 years. She has Alzheimers. He visits every day.
Congratulations to you both and The Foot!
Text me(;
somebody didn't text me back today.
Typing with one hand, baking with the other. Kinda awkward, actually.
My brother is a Taurus. No wonder we barely get along.
gosh so thankful for my boyfriend dont know where id be without him!(: <3
It's scary though like what of someone has my same dress
follow you
Happy Monday all. Was out this weekend and heard that people are making their Valentine's Day plans early this year. Better get cracking.
Unsaid feelings.
eggs and eggos for brunch
are harrisburgh trip is going to go right
Long term, we need to keep working to improve our understanding of policy and cost impacts of our development patterns.
Re-arranging my room, this is a lot of work lol.
drshow: Tendency is all these ?s is to attribute all recent social probs as if history is stopped offline.
Calling all the Thots where y'all be cause a nigga like me trying to get in them panties then leaving you on sum.
Many drugs accumulate in tissues at higher concentrations
Wanna see a case of "Bad Butch Syndrome?" Hang an airbrushed curtain anywhere in a club, stand behind a camera and observe the madness. IJS.
: Bette Boxer is 10, a grand dame. Yours?
Hooray for spring break, spring cleaning and spring planting
playing with my dog and you? :D hahaha
follow the law! I don't get why anyone opposes something that makes everything more fair
IF YOU DRIVE A CHALLENGER, CAMARO OR CHARGER, JOIN THE MOVEMENT IS TAKIN OVER!!!!
Thanks for the RTs and happy friday! We hope you have an amazing day!
yeah but it just makes you a badass cuz biggie was a Thug!
can't wait for baby snooks ^__^ talk about having a #LikeABaws Mom :p HURRY!! :)
“: How were the crowds?” Didn't go...had a final tonight.
baby you light up my world like nobody elsee
New body chains in the works!
One more follower till I am at 400 followers thanks guys : D
Thanks for the shout out!
I hate those people that just don't get the silent treatment. Ever think I'm not replying to you for a reason?
damn son whered ya find this one?
I just want to see you one last time
“: If I could sing, it would have to be like dino from h-town...jeez”
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Start there and the culture will shift itself. Cars are too expensive to drive and maintain for working poor, so public transit...
thank you for the tweet! Calling tomorrow to make an apt with u:-)
aww love you too! I'm so excited for this summer :D
delicate situation...
do u need someone to put a bandaid on it lol
#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Tonight the Hennessy's on me
Sitting in in the #beuplifted chat... Getting excited about the upcoming conference!
You must be following many people from Utah if you're reading those tweets! Jazz probably good enough to get 1 at home, though
OK, so yesterday was an emotional disaster. Today I'm going to be HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY! :)
I love reuniting with old friends. Such a great feeling. :-)
Awh, Jen will take of you, I promise! She's wonderful :)
anyone know an Amazon ubuntu/centos AMI with only JDK on it ? ditto with an AMI with chef client?
Hey I see you're sporting a new "Fedora Friday" avi. Very nice.
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either. ~ Leo Burnett ~
I own a small restaurant/catering Co. Looking 2 grow, got the book, can't wait 2 read it. U R my inspiration & idol
I know how you feel!!:/
happy saturday.grateful for the follow!
Easily make girls fall in love. Tell her she's different from other girls and you believe in her dreams
How was the show yesterday??
I'm going to start hash tagging random words to get attention, because that's what they're there for
what's up good twitter land? just shouting out that we are looking for events (private or public) to be hired for :))...let us know
10x for the hospitality & the great coffee/food. Have not opened the pack I got on my way back but will report how it brewed
exactly. i could never hate my blonde leprechaun
answer ma direct message
The suspender industry is mourning the retirement of Larry King.....
imma go do some research
Lots of great solutions with #SAPGateway - HTML5, Adobe Flex and Asp.net
Congratulations to the brothers that graduated from Georgia State University today!
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.. Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
He makes me sick man!
"If in the pursuit of preserving the law, the heart becomes hardened, then the law is not preserved." ~ Elisha Hale
New collaborative digital Beckett project features archived material from First module is live: www.beckettarchive.org
Surround yourself with people that resemble the image of the person you wish to become!
yea but i didnt want to make you walk... That would be rude.
I should get an award for how many times Ive lost my ID
had a dream I used a bums rear end as a wallet. My subconscious is letting me know I should pinch more pennies. . . Or I have a bum fetish
Paintball league is about to start can't wait
And we should duplicate all the work done by Amazon, Project Gutenberg, et al. Great use of taxpayer money!
hell yeah
great minds think alike! Thanks for the complement.
yep yo momma taught You that to use Profanity... Smh.. u must be really proud of urself!! *_^
Foster the Ravens.
i see you are rockin out to the music!!!
Happy Monday to you!
Bragging about your alcoholism on facebook makes me want to kick a puppy. No one cares.
HAPPY International WOMAN'S Day!!!
I will. Good luck being silent for the rest of the day!
Yum, a margarita would make my hellish commute home from the airport so much better.
Ok, on to the next basketball game I care about that's not on TV: let's go Harvard!!
Dresses , Dresses and More Dresses arriving daily along with fabulous Casual wear and the STRIPE LONG MAXI SKIRT ARRIVES TODAY!
no babee I didn't, don't have my phone, remember?
Boston for the bruins game
Tomorrow looks to be another busy day. However I got to get my hands on the new Ipod nano. It's so cool.
have fun tonight. So exciting. I will be there on Friday :)
Returning from Richmond and a Board of Medicine meeting.
Nite all and thanks! MT : Have a great night & thanks everyone for joining in. I'll post the transcript tomorrow.
Our 1st fine art print will be on sale VERY SOON. Stay tuned for details and an exclusive invite/reveal at theWAIREHOUSE. So excited!!!
TY our pleasure! #SocialChicas RT : Great to meet at the tweet up!
is wellwood benched?
Our thoughts exactly! RT : Happy Monday!! Beautiful day but brrr....need that temp to rise a little!
Who will win this week's #Phillyhunt? Question comes at noon and will be from the could win a giftcard
“: gimme 20min to do my hair” . . . What is there to say?
Third, Kemp is a great buy @+650
Tuck you da man, how you like Tempe? So many hortons..
So ready for #sxswi. Be sure to find the "iTriage Man" if you're going! You could win big!
Oh? RT : &lt;---- Not gonna be worth a damn 2morrow...
You know I'm new to this twitter shit. Now I see what people talking bout! 2 Finga's In The Air to You & Them Tats NICE!!!
Oh yeah, me too. But at least he'll be back, right?<3
his agent played the Jets. Jax probably didn't have much interest and neither did most nfl teams.
of course! Good stuff.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston :(
amazing! Can you send me more. Our kids would live this in January.
Loved the fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, soup and veggie sides! Too full for more than a spoonful of dessert
#SustUnbound Jefferson observed that once an idea is released, it is impossible to "possess"
Cool will send you some!
my fault. I misunderstood. I thought you were wanting the server to prompt you for something after a push.
How do you know when to stop with a song and move on?
hi cutie pa-tootie :)
Thanks Lacy. Saw your blog post. Great stuff!
// he is a little though...any man that wears that tight of jeans must be confident.
hey, we woudl love you to make a fundraiser post about the walk on the LFA DMV FB page. wud you be interested in doing this?
I love my last tweet!
I love soccer ; I love open wheel racing ; I love college basketball. Truly this week, my cup runneth over.
He was incredible last night! “: Still can't get over channeling his inner Allen Rossum #Packers”
I know I'm back home in the valley when I can't find Shiner OR Zig at a gas station....
Today's gift card winner is KELSEY DILE! Congratulations!
Last win in the Rose Bowl for the ducks was 1917! Gotta feel for their fans.
John Carter was an awesome movie! Definitely worth seeing again :)
Hey why has your baggage service in Albuquerque gotten so slow? Used to be fast. Had to wait 20 min for bag fr SAN flight.
Now riffing on idea of free love as a sound, a "musicalized ideal" - realizes potential of pop music's unified flow
just uploaded pictures from on Friday night!
..for FREE!
wow looks like an interesting way to introduce #IE9, especially with a mac user's endorsement! X-)
you are so worth a taco get it big boy
Say it again. My good friend and I do this. We tell each other the truth!
Any updates? This transaction is going to fall through if we don't get some good movement today.
Awesomeness you deserve and awesomeness you shall have.
Paul You're going a little tweet happy today, huh?
YEA B*TCH YEA B*TCH CALL ME T.Y.C.O.!!!
bruno mars was back stage clowinng cause he didnt win that grammy...we fux with him he real lol
War Horse: Amazing stage play; good book; OK movie...
Donald sounds so excited through his texts.... kind of funny.
I will do that
same here!!
Lester the #parrotlet tried to talk to a persistently-calling starling today. He tried various whistles and even sang "salt peanuts."
lmaooooo! When you coming to USA Janey?
Maybe Joey Votto.
Not a question but my dog Alex has a grey BONER shirt. :) haha
ya ok
You've never been truly drunk until you've had to use a barstool as a walker to get home
Call Servpro of Milwaukee North to get your quote for carpet cleaning today! 262-250-1101 or 414-354-7566 Have a great day!
D2Kill thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
yessir still DJing! Learning to produce this summer!
ADR Session til the wee hours on #thelounge film with and and the gang.
Delighted to have you! Thanks for coming to talk to us!
nick diaz is the truth, great fight tonite def best fight of the night bring on GSP!!!
Heading for the barn - last hand of the day flop 2 pair, guy goes all in I call, he sucks out - 300,000 chip pot! Playng Day 1b
HAHAHA. She's a bit tall for that. Maybe the shins.
The Louisville Cardinals want a #refolution. Can't play D when refs want tv time.
I hope you know that nobody likes you
My geek meter has peeked today in finding a most beautiful Doctor Who standee (AND it was in the U.S!)
She was actually fired & Andy hired her back. Wanted to punch him in the face, So damn annoying.
i saw that this weekend. There was a line out the door when i drove by!
"Its a small world because its a small world" best quote of the night its going to be a fun one.
#EBUS118 Class is on twitter tonight. It's awesome to do your homework online. I'd be here anyway W00T!
Thanks for the shout out!
Going for a fresh cup of coffee..I need it bad!
"The world needs more joy and whimsy, joy and play." --David Pogue at
We just posted a special holiday greeting to our Facebook! Wishing you and your loved ones all the best. Stay safe, and keep warm!
hope you are hitting hard! fighting crime.. go batman! :D
4 a phierce winner. She a CUNT but that's what you want. Creativity. Uniqueness. Nerve. Talent.
gets my Tell It Award nomination for the day for his q's from the back row in pro #musesocial session
Presentation of the class of 2011 graduates with their degrees. Congratulations graduates!!
Being sick is boring
thanks for the follow, back atcha. haven't written much lately, a bit blocked rt now
DO IT!
Gore does have very generous 93ish speed.I like categories tho (height DMC) Speed (Charles) Ovr (AP) Cuts (Shady) Catch (Sproles)
STOP FRIGGING TALKING ABOUT WRESTLING
waving signs busy day
Go off alone to gild
isn't she great? love her story and that she's local!
DBN ->JHB to meet up w the hosted US consumer media I'll be working with for the next 2 weeks. Get ready for a #VisitSouthAfrica adventure!
This is definitely a summer track. it got me grooovin
open that store in Little Rock???? Seriously, just keep cooking :-)
omg lol keep tweeting him this xD
me too, how are things?
Both. Tebow at fullback (Slash 2)
. Fantastic & inspirational talk to #2012CA today -you need to be on a Ted Talk if you haven't already! (or come speak to )
Kittens don't have their full vocabulary of sounds until 3 months... then it's over 100! (a dog makes about 10 different sounds)
Stupidity isn't a disability. U think
no its not
NW - Stomp the Yard
My life is taking a turn for the ridiculous.
Hogg: If doc format is being converted, capture enough metadata to put the doc in context.
unless u choose 2 do gr8 things with it, it makes no difference how much ur rewarded, or how much power u have (oprah)
JJ Abrams new show about a world where all electronics stop working, Solar Flares maybe?
Incredible, NPR is discussing whether there are problems with a female household bread winner.
Thanks for RT. Please consider following us
romantic. Can i come over?
I want panera in and around my mouth.
And Claire Huxtable is/was/always will be right.
he was! Haha julia and I got pics with him. Him and danny were in the front
just rented studio 4 entire day 4 video shoot 2 sweet n professional Jennava!
Keep 'em coming! From a fellow #mizzou alum, class of '05.
just chillin at work being lazy!
how is Kevin doing?
I may have an extra ticket to Nats/pirates if you're interested. I went to grad school with Ashley Rittenhouse by the way.
what a delightful place the Coffee Lab is, plus I got to pay with Square for the first time ever.
Richter: "Spring makes everything young again except man." -- Happy Easter!
no not this year, unfortunately. Have a super time JK and please report back any amazing ideas when you return to SF
W-S City Council is deciding tonight whether to change a city law to prevent #Occupy from camping on City Hall lawn. Should be a doozy.
and thats how ppls opinions are screwed up, too busy not listening to the truth
We need jones
how was the movie
Leon Kalus internationally collected throughout the United States, Europe, Morocco, Canada now at www.geezergallery.com
RT: #Capricorn's are great listeners.
Wish we were doing this RT : Tomorrow is National Chili Day, and it's celebrated with a faculty/staff chili cookoff.
from Bloomingdales in the city! Where did you go? :) and are you feeling better?
#Cheers BH Homebrew Judges! Chief justice Marty Nachel ,Mike Miller , Bob McDermott
Who needs tickets to the You Me At Six show this Saturday at the Smiling Moose in Pittsburgh? Message one of us!
Staunton/Harrisonburg - Our coaches are looking for a new sales specialist -- call 877-570-6393 for more information!
Coltrane took such long solos because he had lockjaw, which is how he got the nickname Eddie "Lockjaw" Coltrane.
You gotta focus on wats important in your life, if things are bad fix them, if things are good make them better...
Hey Sis!!! If it wasn't for my Grese show I'd be there to support!! I know you're going to have an AWESOME show!! Love u!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Discipline is just choosing between what U want now & what U want most
According to Andrea Mitchell NBC News Washington, Santorum, others "not White, Rural or Evangelical enough" to take Iowa.
Congrats on your literary debut, #SouthernCharm, "a pink Laduree macaron of a novel."
NOW CASTING ACTOR/ACTRESS/ROCK BAND/BOOTY CLAP DANCERS
Take into context what would happen if Westbrook/Paul/Williams were on the Bulls. Take into context the division
The mind sets more limits than the body.
Yes! Whenever you want me there! :) RT : still hustlin bro!! Wazup with u? You wanna come to manila sometime?
It's getting hot in here, so take all your clothes!
This has just changed my life for the better. Times a million. Team Miliana 4 EVA!
I love when something makes me laugh out loud! Laughter is so.good for the heart & soul! Something I definitely want & need more of.... :-)
AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes
Now why would u beat me up ???
I always text you back unless you one word answer? So no.
My ass speaks 3 languages: English, Diarrhea, AND Klingon.
Band, Five6 at 7pm ...I just had to put it that way.
What better way to celebrate our 2nd year of existence then to play our favorite bowling alley bar!! C'mon out yall were gonna drop a...
That's good to know good brother. I know you are excited...!
Yay! Glad you found me :) Hope your having an awesome week!
FCTOA is on the move up solid buys keep coming in
Great practice tonight. Lots of numbers out. Looking forward to a great weekend of Rugby!
Next Friday.
dead island ps3? RT": Bored playing zombie games, dead island, deadrising, left 4 dead, etc."
This year's favorites: Everything Matters, A Visit from the Goon Squad, Room. All-time: Me Talk Pretty Someday & The Namesake.
Come join me at the bar for great happy hour special. U know the #sun make u wanna
Our CEO and a panel of fashion insiders discuss ways to launch your brand. Get a "Behind the Seams" look at launching a line!
Follow the 2 millionth follower?
oh man!! I been meaning to call/txt u and have yet to do so! :( ill call u when I get off :) XO
Damn, Gina. It's popping in Nash Vegas!
The only media attending 's game on Sunday hopefully paid their way in, and going to watch a game. Not looking for quotes.
LA Lakers v.s. NJ Shores 2nite! Farmar n sasha back in town!
To see the side menu, you might have to click the two little triangles with the line between them. (2/2)
Awesome, thanks Evan!
I just want school to be over so I can go see the guys^-^
New song! I promise recordings are coming soon... EP? Maybe?
Doing me can include a lot of things tho. Doesnt always have to relate to me having bitches.
Beautiful day in the river city. We r less thn 25 followers frm our next free ice cream prize. RT & u or ur friends can win & visit old sac!
All the best Michael! :)
I am happy to say we are back in WI. , not so much.
I am so impressed! Awesome job, guys!!
yeah we haven't done much studying yet...
#MISTLETOE comes out on my bros bday
Awesome have fun ...:) Hi to all the iCarly's
To what a degree the same past can leave different marks-and especially admit of different interpretations
“: Hm...17 gallon tank, $3.99 gallon. Might be time to go Mini.” Nope. Time to buy stock in ExxonMobil.
RT : For someone who almost didn't graduate high school it is a true miracle
#Spring is on its way!! Loving #Boston #weather :)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because we're twins.
Didn't you sing that last time IN jorts?? You're on.
I'm tired
It's almost lunch! Come down and see us!
RT : When curling off pindowns, players need to set their man up, come shoulder-to-shoulder w/ screener ..[prefer shoulder-to-hip]
All love shifts and changes. I don’t know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Wrong, but very funny.
I will be back around the end of the month! Lots of projects happening while I'm down. :)
As usual, I don't remember if there were anyone else other than on that stage. Couldn't take my eyes off from him.
I want to go shopping so bad!! But I refuse to buy new clothes until I reach my goal body.
Semi-warm weather & a busy weekend here at the hotel! How about you?
#NowPlaying "Motto" by Drake ft. Lil Wayne and Tyga
Don't fool yourself that important things can be put off till tomorrow; they can be put off forever, or not at all. :) hehe
Is my dad home yet? Or
Lots of people ask me for advice. I've realized that my answer is nearly always some derivative of "Fuck it, do your thing"
I'm just not even sure why hasn't been made a regular on SNL yet.
<U+0093>Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.<U+0094> - Albert Sch
I am constantly surprised by the level of conversations one can have with kids of that age. (& that is a classic book)
i miss you to! i havent hung out witchu in forevaaaaaa
LOLOL ;d what are u doing flori (can i say that?) ;p
"if I were to have sex tonight... I would leave my shirt on."
Check again.
1st registered user to come down and see us we will receive a $20.00 credit
oh it deffinantly does. The view is awsome. Seeing drivers cruising in it is waay different,ha. Not too used to it.
Cannot wait for the Hunger Games
When you're MOTM is 18 yr old Wilshere you are in serious trouble. NOT GOOD ENOUGH
If I want Chicago entertainment, I'll go to Wrigley and people watch. If I want to read it, probably
Blinded by the light.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday John!. Happy birthday to youu!! :) God Bless You!
Y'all I'm going to comb the vertical files for some vintage Saints ephemera at the archives today. Watch our blog for more!
Hooray for pie!
I'm the only person in the sushi restaurant...
Thank You<3
thanx fer the shout out on the show! Cheers
And we are up EARLY! Merry Christmas. Have a fabulous day.
Ladies is pimps too. Gone brush your shoulders off!
Now I promise I will go through my old bags, throw stuff out from them, and toss the bags.
Yo there's a girl from Mexico in my class and she has 5 names.....I don't remember any of them
Milton mane. We are getting a one story so my g ma won't have to walk up as many steps.
Watching America Got Talent (:
love watching your show
Message of Naral-Pro-Choice Wisconsin to Mitt Romney at Fitchburg campaign stop: "Keep your mitts off our birth control"
While I love that quote, it's so NOT true! haha Take it from a mom of 2. That junk is learned!
Get the fuck outta here griffin
each and every song on the album is just so wonderful, makes you feel like Christmas is tomorrow. <3
Seeking a Regional Records Manager in DC to manage two offices. Strong electronic records experience is needed.
I need to go to bed before my mom has a cow.
the question remains, how do brand like coke capitalize upon international athletes social media success? Question of the '10s
Please show some Twitter love for our video team ! They just decided to join the Twitterverse this week! #Welcome!
Just Got high as fuck with Tiarra funny ass>>>>>>>
Spring is a great time for a body cleanse! Circulatory, digestive, lymphatic systems need to release toxins. Can aid in weight loss
Yeah! we are having another low cost vaccine clinic this Saturday! Keep your beloved pet healthy! :D
ok thanks! =) I actually signed up for but haven't played around with it as much as I'd like to.
Top of the twitter feed: RT The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case,
#Np One Direction - one thing <3
Life is just one damned thing after another
You make some compelling arguments (re: half days and gin and tonics). I'll keep you posted.
Still waiting for that other shoe...
. and more power to them...but damn they are creepy! The Hello Kitty one made a kid burst into tears today!
Jesus kills more people than smoking
of serious acting? It be cool to see. Bet Ori could do it
Are you Tired of Waking up early to go to work? Choose your own schedule from the comfort of your own home www.sendoutcards.com/132465
Silly of me to fall in love with a trick.
We're super excited to have Fiddler on the Roof this weekend!
HAPPY B-DAY, soon you'll be as old as me... oh, wait a minute, I guess you'll never catch up LOL Don't work too hard
Promote us niggg(:
these girls are having a conversation like right by me... like 5 inches away from me...
Soda Run at work!
Lmfaoo my mom put it on She thinks it's the funniest thing ever&it is! Hahaha imagine them puttin it in like one of those
This is my first time, I guess I hate it... But I'm thinking, and I liked it c:
Marvelous Mondays!! Walkins are Welcomed for #weaves #flatirons #braids #colorspecialist 1738 Telegraph #Oakland 5108321100 Full Barber ser
-- Not sure what firing a first-year manager on May 9 does for a team ... Valentine has little effect on Boston pitching
Warm up with a bowl of Asparagus Rice soup with a Grilled Cheese and a pot of Darjeeling tea
Monte Carlo "Vegas Spring Break 2012": Monte Carlo "Vegas Spring Break 2012" *Six Resorts. One Big Spring Break P...
You're playing yourself. They know you ain't no good - you tryna cash in when they make it big, but they will drop you before they hit!
Ok! You are number 2, email me at and it is yours. WOOT!
I didn't know. From the trailer, it looks like Abe could use a little Tim.
I'd like to return this tweet but I don't have a receipt. Sorry love ya
What new thing?
thanks girl!! nice to talk to you!!!:)
The only thing I have to look forward to is warped
Hey Ry, I'm gonna be in LA on the 19th for a week. It would be awesome to meet up!
haha. Thanks. I'm just visiting. :)
great job man ! Congrats
too many to keep track.
Those "value" questions always frustrate me. Can it be quantified? Should it?
unicorns are creepy.
hell yeah
actually it's in Anderson.... And it's I'm only 20minutes from you
dass wassup same here i'm ozzie by da way nice 2 meet u
Fire up those engines!
So #Avengers made a billion dollars. Hey Joss Whedon, would you please buy me a car? Nothing fancy...
4a Min I will Tweet like when it was Me .. V.. , B, C, Dee ... IsisP, Mental O, B4 4 Hella folks went Cray, turned into Twitter Thugs & such
Don't be afraid to experiment with publishing press releases on the weekends
Jackie Mason When I was young I used to think that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old, I know it is
Lmfao ! That wasn't planned either ! Good tho u have to admit ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>comes out naturally for me
The critically acclaimed documentary's R-rating by the Motion Picture Association of America was downgraded in a version that contains le
in these streets & skyways this weekend... TONIGHT live in East St.Louis, SATURDAY live at Alcorn State University!
really missing but
I'm in for $20 on this ... RT : Serenity 2
thanks for helping out “: Want the Twitter Handels and bios of speakers. Go here! hive.aigaseattle.org #hive11 Thx ”
you be on point!!
Fuck H town and them ugly ass rims y'all so call swangers! Lol
U don't have 2 prove your ignorance,V already established that.Attacking Islam doesn't make u a Liberal but n intolerant bigot;)
hit 2 birds with one stone. steelers and family lol
Going out to get some swag clothes!
I am very sad, a family I have been working with in AZ found their 32yo daughter dead this morning.
Skys are NASTY here in E-ton as well!! We have rain and loads of wind! Not really my favorite kind of day! :)
Just got done with another awesome Life Night with the St. Ignatius youth group!
you going to any Internet Week events?
Thanks for the RT Hope to see you there!
We offer the most unique, vibrant, and beautiful resort wear in the industry.
oh what was inside the omlet??
and -- w/ anonymous submission?
Didn't see that one coming.
Females Always Say Fuck Niggas , & Try To Find Other Guys Who Will Prolly Treat Them Better @ The Moment ; But Miss What They Had !
What goes around comes around
Facebook is down. What will I do?
ur life is so hard.
I was across from you thinking "I bet that's baratunde, but if I'm wrong, it'll look like I think all black ppl look the same."
Buckle up it's #pothole season in
Every time I come to this class and he tries to tell a joke I think to myself, "For a clown fish he isn't very funny."
This is why college football will never equal basketball.
yea..when u goin back
lmao Memories indeed.
our pleasure! great pic!
Or watch Khloe & Lamar. Something I can't believe anyone does, but it makes sense because it's on E!, which is short for "Embarrassing".
I've been driving for 2 years. I double park my car anyway because it's exoensive
I'm sure you know but you were hacked...
Wolf to jury: Keep an open mind about unanimity principle.
Texans build momentum in final rounds of NFL draft « NewsFix
This laptop has called my bluff. FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU
Large men are going to break into our house, but don't worry kids! Run down the hall. I will stab them!
Amen!!! I feel the same way haha
work, work, work.....i never have a break!! guess that's just how it is for workaholic me! =\
sheesh i been at work 6 hours already feels like i just got here
I loovvveee my baby but if said he wanted me, I'd give my baby da deuces real quick like lol!!
2 weeks and 1 day left!!! yeah!!!!!
": Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction "our boys", "my boys", or "the boys"."
coming up at 11...hear from 911 dispatcher who tried to calm girl
“: Happy birthday to my best friend, my other half! I love you ” I love you to
The New South Student Center Committee has chosen Ikon.5 architects to design the NSSC, which is slated to be finished by Aug. 2014
Time to go to the bookstore! I get so much work done there!
Sometimes I miss having red meat in my fridge.
sorry I was too busy fighting.
Chances make Champions
I doubt he would fall all the way to the Jets
Today in Music History -04 Jimmy Buffett forces hamburger stand owner to change name "Cheeseburgers 'n' Paradise" to "BeefnBuns n Paradise."
I have lost interest in the #nyknicks since MSG is trying rip fans off at the ticket office and with TWCable_NYC. Hey guys please settle
I lost a friend because of you . Thanks for the lies
THE DECISION: YALE (I HAD MY MONEY ON UTA).
No NO NO!! signs of a life well lived and loved.
I suck at bowling!!
why is olive from ant farm scared of curly fries
who is clutcher? i mean really?
u r so lucky to work in the city.
A warm start today but if you'll be near the lake later this morning and afternoon, watchout temps fall into the upper 40's
Thanks to for a great event itch Senator Dan Coats this morning!
lmao good looks dude, you can thank my mans for that one
Padres RP Cashner hit 101 MPH three times. Otherwise, his fastball was only 100 MPH. Every scout here took note.
thanks I'm checking them out now
He's too cool for anything I could get him. lol
RISE & SHINE
Listening to some old school Ernie Halter and going to job interviews...wish me luck and LISTEN to him:)! Later ya'll, C
np. Hope u are well!
Thanks to all of my new followers! Paws up!
"Self-belief is the most powerful attitude lesson."
Maane chillin today has been auhh bad day fa me !
i'm so excited about new ways to destroy underground water sources through fracking
cool what school?
Looks like a good night for shepherd's pie, and a nice hand-crafted beer to go with, of course!
I did the same thing. I guess I need to get my high heels out!!! ;)
- you they ish baby.
Halfway houses suck but better than prison!! Time to lay tracks down!!!
dont be mad that is the face off the wwe!
Best thing bout twitter is even people seem to hate u....twitter doesnt and still sends me info on all my fav. Peeps!! :-)
i know right :)
Braving the mall. Goal is to remain holly jolly and not holly ragey.
#ThingsThatDontMakeSense When People Hate Tyler The Creator
Thrive Thursday is here! BB Jacks at 11:30 Hope to see you there!
Waking up & feeling so relieved it was all a nightmare.
Shout out to Split personality!!!!
RT : I've had it & lost it but I'm here to tell you... a relationship isn't everything.
Normally I'd be angry at the amount of spam in my inbox, but today I'm just happy #iCloud is working again.
Had a ki$$ 2day on da bus, it was like a fairy tale !!!!!!
My definition of balance is being able to obsess equally in all areas of my life.
one week of school... then fun begins :-) summer work! (really though, super pumped!) Hoping everyone is appreciating their awesome Tuesday!
Edna Collins = scary.
living in a house is so much better than an apartment. the only thing that i miss is easier maintenance. lottery would fix that.
hate not having a keyboard on my phone.. after a whole year i'm still not used to touchscreen texting
With the rain in OKC, we see now the dewpoint at 55 degrees & temperature of 59 that will make drying out a chip impossible.
RT Today is bday! Happy birthday gul!! THANKS SAM!
“: (in my voice) I dont see how you can hate from outside the playoffs u didnt even get it in ” *DEAD*
#ThingsIwantTheMost A million dollars. Who's willing to donate?
set up a meeting
My students and I love it! & a senior vp there assured me they can use the images in online multimedia projects!
Plenty you Memphis fans. Its the NBA
Order a dozen tamales for your freezer. They’re filling and portable, making them perfect for eating quickly or on the go.
Tonite is the night #DancinWithTheStars :D
i want to ride my bicycle, i want to ride my bike. bicycle, bicycle, bicycle!
I am not a hater. But Justin Bieber should have given Carly voice lessons along with her record deal.
spring 2010. die verse city is coming out with some apparel for your closet. make some room.
My favorite was when he blew a kiss to that pitcher after taking him deep in AA
They put the GREAT in Great Value for a reason.
My co-workers know me well! Early bday party theme of Cinco de Gato, 80's music pumping, Chipotle & a sixer of Sam Adams for a gift!
Hey crack kills!
There is no reason why, with an iPhone & living in a major urban area, I should have trouble TEXTING some days! Time for a new provider!
hey Mr. Hulk, nice to meet you at reg!
G Keillor: Repubs say cutting taxes raises revenue. That's like Mayan's throwing a virgin off a cliff so corn crops will grow taller.
However flawed FB is, no other platform positioned to supplant it. Seriously, wWhere else will investors put money--MySpace?
will do thx
how many good shots are you hitting in a 44?
hope you like slushy's from stalking horse when your bocce team win everyone on your team gets a coupon
yea i might put a pic of me up btw u look good in your pic :{)
i fucking know. I fucking know... *cries forever*
just missed my own plays! Had 1 in Clump 6 (Interruptions of Famous Speeches) & 1 in Clump 7 (Jim Will Be in the Shower...)
yep sure did good to get together. who knew I could eat unhealthy mac and cheese at whole foods outside?
that's what I was leaning toward, too. How're you liking the #nikefuel band?
Thank ya thank ya!
Give It 2 Me
Please show it to me when You finish,!
Did you turn me into a hashtag or is there another Joe in your life?
i love you too(:
Hi again~ We're waiting to hear from you! Hope we will connect : )
hahaha I love you
Boiling in the Valley- on my way to "Canon" set. Ay dios!
been messin' about on blogspot... :) need to go to sleep...
$10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects & infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
Cash is not the problem, the problem is that this money is not being lent, on net, for commercial real estate
Hello! Twitters
Shout out to interesting followers!
hahaha I love you too. And that sounds like a bladder problem. Get checked?
Ever owned a pair of ? No? Come by Jeantherapy this afternoon and try a pair - we promise it's life changing!
maybe u shud shut up and go fuck urself...
Lol me and Harry are going to be doing the same for the consolation playoffs lol.
#BrooklynPark teens learn confidence on the catwalk from a cop! Meet the models at 9:20.
Free Dole Whips! Book a Disney World Package for 2011 or 2012 and get free Dole Whips for the family, as our gift to you! Call us at...
Chris Brown - Yoko feat. Berner, Wiz Khalifa & Big K.R.I.T. [Boy In Detention] 2011.
Caught you on the flip side muthaafuuckkass lol
do you do it at venues or on tour or what?
Back in the twitter game, what's everyone up to?
Woo hoo! Got called off of work... that means I can keep cleaning!
11:23 2nd half. VCU 56 George Mason 44. Mason keeps creeping closer. Second half may take a while. Lots of fouls called.
Can't wait til my new phone get here
Play horror survival game, have nightmares during daylight.
Haha, I'm mentioned in this weeks Yelp Portland email, talking about my beloved Sweet Hereafter. Woo!
you are so weird
that ball has Bryan Li and Kieran Malone written all over it!
Do you have a Facebook fan page to like it ?
Fuhhhk I still have math homework.
go to see a nigga then
Fighting the urge to sing out loud, 'Precious', by Depeche Mode. Such a sad song to be happy to. ^_^
hahaha I miss you TO!!!! How is everything?! How'd your first semester go?!
As others enjoy spring break and the hunger games, I slave away on my third +15 page paper of the week.
Good Morning everyone! I LOVE YOU
My best friend in the entire world is graduating today and I've never been prouder!! =D #MuchLove to my Hanna!! <3
Farm-Mart Supercenter... a "big-box" to facilitate a healthier relationship with food. Education, supplies, food, entertainment...
Good choice. #Scottsdale is a nice place to live and play! :)
With Briana Cynthia the Emilys and Lizzie :)
Tweet Tweet! C'mon on down for vino at Urban Enoteca...get your tweet on!
thanks man you catch the Khaled interview? My team goes hard!
No problem, we are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to having you back again soon Michael!
oh wow! Refuge changed my life, I'd love to hear her talk. Are there still seats available?
Makin choco chip cookies...yum mama's receipe, super yum!!
Love this quote: "Gratitude is due to the simple truth that everything we have and are comes from God." John Fischer
#OscarWilde 's tomb has been blocked off. I am all for preservation but this seems more like destruction to me. XOXO from here, Oscar.
So proud of my mom and all the hard work she's put into getting her highest degree! Best nurse manager ever ;)
I'm reading Whole Latte Life by Joanne Demaio
We on the movement FWM ya
moscato friday is tonight free moscato all night long all ladies $5 before 1am
the Trayvon Martin case is annoying... It was a month ago, who cares. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Online tools can help restructure expert attention
I think posted this yesterday so it's good today!!
Pop down to the M town... Love!
This office is getting Hot
You are stronger than you know
RT : Quote from : "Huggers thrive in an agency environment." True statement?
Cyber Monday is attacking my inbox.
Great show fam, went in with all the classic darts!
It shouldn't be this difficult. Moving on.
I think tweeting is cool too. I like to tweet informative information to help tweeters build their follow base.
If your earrings are also a necklace, you're doing it wrong. Stop looking like trash, people of Boulder.
The hilarious is reading today at Barnes and Noble in Metairie at 3pm. Her new book, Love at First Bark, includes NOLA adventures
There are hidden gems in every mistake. Take the time to learn and build upon them.
#FF inspirational design:
I just wrote "Buy a box of dong bags in case you knock boots" in my daily planner 365 times.
My friends are so fucking obsessed with their damn boyfriends.
Enjoying Firefly marathon on Blu-ray with on this fine xmas day.
It's like wallpaper. Shitty, shitty wallpaper.
Thank U Dr. Marin Luther King Jr. Born Michael King Jr on Jan. 15, 1929
Happy Birthday to my little sister, love youu! c:
;) hehehe hey im just very mature & have a sexy gym teacher ugh *dies* lol
I love all of the random stuff they put on the walls at cracker barrel.
I really enjoyed The Avengers
Looks like your O's have the number this year. Welcome back from that 15 year dry spell.
Secret: I'm dating a 19 year old dominican an his sex is #cray!!! Lol shhh don't tell anyone. :x
working, well almost. Ready for another Sunday.
RT : “: Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend? ~ VEGAS BABY!! >>> which hotel is best?
If he gets out in front of the story with a reasonable message, the damage isn't nearly as bad.
2 more days till CAMP ROCK auditions don't forget mark your calender!Fri6-8 and Sat 12-3 at Academy of Dance Arts Pleasantville NY ages 8-21
Favorite thing I learned at Greeting Committee yesterday—too uncomfortable to look someone in the eyes? Just look between their eyebrows.
"With hard work and determination, anything is possible"
we are booking a week long tour in early november to the midwest and back from texas. any hot connections you want to share?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "When will SHINee come back to Vegas?"
Apricot Ale curd.... oh yea it's happening right now!
Photography; night session,san jose!
Once it starts, you will be filled with so much awe, that you will forget food. Yes, even cheese. Yes, even cupcakes.
ha, I have one of those. Maybe she was what scared them away?
I followed ! :D
6 mile run, speedwork today, under a waning moon
we want Justin in our bed
Very nice! Enjoy! Who is getting married?
Well its official Packers left there defense at Dallas last seasons SB.This is a great team hopefully they fix the D in the off season.
"ohh hey!" stfu we ain't even cool like that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
STOOP KID'S AFRAID TO LEAVE (HER) STOOP
books, custom t-shirts, handmade crafts...
I HATE GETTING ON TWITTER HOPING YOU WILL FOLLOW ME KNOWING YOU DIDNT
#IRememberWhen the old cartoons like Betty Boop use to come on
Thanks for #FF love and
oh I am. While we at the doctor tomorrow.
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Hey! Good Morning, everyone! Have a great time, wherever you are!
this Jason falkner shit is fantastic!
Cold in California!
Going to the CANNES INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL :)
- email me that press kit homie,
I say LinkedIn is the viable winner /success in 3-5 years. Buster claims Pinterest. He loses.
you mean there was a time that you liked it??
At rehersal. Worked on a new song and now making the set list for next Fridays show at the Showbox Market!!
The force is not with today :-/ lol!
Bro... I might be moving down to STL... :)
RT : HEY GUSTAVO..... I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!
David Minnen (Oblong Industries) says that Oblong has actually patented a few gestures themselves.
haha how did you know I was talking about you =]
Yes! Nice to officially meet you!
Good news at the ortho today. Cleared to bike. 2 weeks away from jogging! Came home & gave my Kinvaras a big hug & a kiss.
Details aren't clear but my guess is some kind of debris flow deposit - maybe a turbidite?
Following the game via from Pittsburgh!
Ya : thanks man “: - Alright, let me check what we have tomorrow. This could be arranged”
Thanks for the great conversation tonight
What's a safe but simple to use website to acquire the specifics concerning paid parental leave ?
“: I bet if Briggs had a dollar for every time someone did that he'd be rich”
too much time and I think the amount of data they have is creepy.
": So Do You Plan On Jss Having Kids Or Marriage Also ?" Marriage the whole nine yards
Finally left an audition & felt good it's been over 6 wks of not feeling great, yeah!!
lol! At least you can see that he does that with everybody that interviews him.
thanks man!!
Thought is useful when it motivates for action, and a hindrance when it substitutes for action.
I will not change it again.
Haha, no. More like online dating service eharmony:)
- so The Avengers is really good
All moved into our new office in North Beach! It's a few blocks away from Linden Labs.
I need to know. Did #michichip help you get the job?
hopefully i'll see you soon.unfortunately I'm having issues with my propane, so i won't be out thursday...not sure yet about friday
Not a hater, just sad.
Im so glad the model call and final listing of the models is finalized for style 49... Those decisions were tough to make!
TEAM (Hootie and the Ballfish) signed up for: Summer Co-Ed Softball at Montavilla Park. Mon/Wed.
Clemson taking it to Virginia! , the tigers need to finish really strong this year to make the tourney
Watching He-Man on Yeah, it's still pretty sweet
2 weeks till the World Cup starts. I'm so bummed I wasn't able to make the trip.
Ok, ok. There will be more 30 Rock in the world. Life isn't over!
enough of this foolishness... must get work done.
what's good bro? Is the cinco de mayo event today a free event?
My kingdom for a kingdom<---I am pretty sure Muammar Gaddafi said that
I already put it in there
Ha merciless! RT Being ancient is no reason not to take on board some dramatically basic, overdue realisations about oneself.
Our menu offers other selections including turkey burgers, veggie burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches.
Would you work there if you got an office position?
hm nick? Lol
nothing to worry about here
I'd love to think of it that way but it takes two to tango. :)
Maybe a lil more sleep before work? Hope so
S/o to for being my 90th follower can I get 100 before tonight's over???
I love your sounds yay for the uk happy valentines day tinie tempah if i ever see u i might jus hav 2 pass out : )!!!
merp I might be busy:((( ill try
Its almost sad when Ur out n u realize u had more fun getting ready with ur friends lol #Makeup #Party lol
Acquired a large collection of books on El Salvador, as well as books by Che Guevara, Dorothy Day, and Richard Wright.
Straight to the no#1 , What I Love About America gaining ground you must hear it ! it will bring tears to America www.rickeyleewatson.com
Finished interviews at Batavia Access TV for PSAs and educational pieces. Cried through every interview. The stories are heart breaking!
I'm happy to answer any questions you have about our printers. What kind of printer are you looking for?
We're glad you liked the tour. Make sure to come back again! -ZK
What are some of your favorite artists?
Don't delete Baby or risk having your eardrums stabbed in your sleep by the prepubescent cries of zit-faced tweens.
So I woke up in the East Village...
did u watch the super bowl? Man, you're always working!
30 years ago today I married the most incredible girl in the world. I am the luckiest guy in the world. Thank you Tammy, I love you<U+2764>
oh my god?! really! what are you ordering them ?
true....all right, I'll share. Lol
what r u doing in Dallas
you need to be trained on the signs of Lyme disease and on what to do if you find something explosive
I'm really not hearing Christmas music on the radio already, am I ?
Thanks for the RTs & mentions today: , , , , and
People of Twitter: Justin Bieber Fans Hoodlums Mexicans
Who wants tours?!
heh, did not. had been powered off for months, no idea what happened before that.
If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes
Make fun of me if you want but the Blue Collar Comedy Tour is hilarious
6am is gonna come around real fast
Who sends someone a happy 420 text....
It is not pleasure that makes life worth living. It is life that makes pleasure worth having.
Java/J2EE Developer needed in Atlanta for direct hire role. So far, one resume sent in, one interview scheduled.
yea nxt thursday
Every Friday ~ Fish and Chips- Beer Battered Cod, deep fried to a golden brown, served w/ Herb dressed Fries & Homemade Tartar Sauce
Once again sending me off to sleep #sickasshit hopefully I'll feel better in the A.M.
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
Need to start spacing my tweets out lol
I can't wait for April opening day April 6 :) #dbacks :)
i hate it when i give people so much stuff but when they got stuff and i ask for something they dont give me none
yeah i feel you. i think he just wants attention
Dark Shadows arrives at the Indiana Mall theater today. You can catch it first at 4:20. Also showing: The Avengers, The Lucky One...
lol yeah I did!! X P
Doctors of Chiropractic focus on the health of the whole person, and have particular expertise in neuro-musculo-skeletal injuries.
the midgets name is bag man!!! Haha
maybe your just not a morning person.
and he has never been excited or followed any singing competition before! ...that's saying a lot!!!
I feel like total shit, I can't believe I came to school for 3 periods :/ why bother!
doesn't seem to know enough to hold PG County Exec ...
Thanks!! I love you!!!
should be a great game tonight - go eagles!
FYI, you guys are all wrong. I am not in the commercial (nor is Phil Rivers!)
Yes we need to get together soon, on another note why are you using tweetdeck? when we both know you should be using Sprout:)
I think you should answer your DMs :)
I'm tryna cake
Getting married for sex is like buying a 747 for the free peanuts.
I love alicia keys but wth is up with her hair...??
Now, if they would just downsize the ingredients!
That's awesome :) Keep painting!
Your opinion is irrelevant come talk to me when you're more mature to understand what i'm saying.
:D I didn't watch the show when it was in-season but I spent a whole summer watching all the seasons haha
Finishing content for our new designed website, then it's over to for a little SEO love. Can't wait for Monday!
Homework time damn I miss her smh owell gotta get this hw done :-)
I am in touch with and hopefully they can help me resolve this before I waste more time on the phone starting at 3pm EST.
I rolling with you this one too man RT : #TeamFuckMayweather !!!!!
Having someone ask me what I'm doing for my 21st birthday and having to reply with "nothing." <<<<<<
wait apparently they are "ale inspired"...... f_f
We are! We are!
that song is actually so perfect the temper trap has some a+ music
I have to go with LSU tonight. LSU 28 Alabama 17 Go SEC!
So tired, but have muscle spasm in eye lid keeping me awake.
RT Gallardo gives up solo homers to Furcal and Pujols, strikes out two in the 1st. Not just today, but on August 11.
Hope you didn't missed our live streaming video of molecular drinks with our Sommelier and Mixologist
BRICK PIZZA NOW
I'm down..u thinking this Friday? Or next?
Excited for the to be in March 23-25!
Packing + Milton Nascimento = Beautiful near-death experience
L O L really? xD
The beds at the Waldorf-Astoria are fabulous. I brought the set home to Memphis 4 years ago and have enjoyed it ever since then!
Think I saw it at the bookseller's table. Gonna pick it up t'morro
We're on our way to Fukuoka, Japan.
I am so proud of and his work on !! Like I've been saying ALL season long,
That animal never reached the food supply & BSE (its official name) is not transferred into a cows milk supply. #Don'tFreakOut
one day… we won't be: Kate and Louis the bff's we'll be Mrs. Katherine Sykes and Mr. L.a. Swift the BFFs!! :')
Antes kicked in last level... FINALLY! I've been all over the place, down to 12k, up to 25. I'm around 23k on break going to 150/300!
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you dont come to the #BlacklightPartyOct22 with NAPALM in DALLAS
Bulls are trash without Rose lol. Sixers take homecourt advantage
What's n yo encouragement file? Instead of catchin yourself doing something wrong, get n a habit of catching yourself doing somethin right
It's embarrassing how much of a geek I can be. Lol. The first GB one I got was a gift. I'm searching online for the rest. :-)
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. Pablo Picasso
just sent you some tracks
And you can still walk?
Have a safe and happy New Year! What are your resolutions for 2012?
Spread The word.....
Huh, I didn't realize that Halloween is Walter's last night on Washington. What does this portend for the Why? show on 11/7?
thks for letting me come hang out with some great Okc musicians tonight! Matt stansberry, Aaron squirrel and chase kirby RAWK!
Happy Mothers Day<3
I probably use it a couple of times a month and I actually find myself using it more so than Skype. I like the mobility
I'm a guy and I'm gay
Man the funniest ish happened today.
Well eating some Asian cafe. Just enjoying the snow not really
headache coming on so late .. :(
I RLY wanna go shopping!
You're like a hard candy with a surprise center.
Yes, I agree lol
You know... Thi Sort Hat kind of stuff
Its Gone Be Live At Push TONIGHT BAM In The Building - DAMN!!!
is covered in mnt dew now. thank you, taco bell, for making today suck even more.
it's ok to deny things I understand you guys haven't come out about it yet
Prom is TOMORROW ! I'm excited .<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
A close look at national GOP darling Marco Rubio later today at TPH.
yea I know you did & I figured as much since I was really hoping you don't dream of brad Pitt but I thought Id still answerXD
No, won't believe it.
.... And if their moms with them say " in 20 years, she won't give a shit!!"
The dads on 16 & Pregnant and Teen Mom are so unattractive and stupid. Seriously, what were these girls thinking.
The news of the More than this music video made my entire life.
I will keep you posted as to the truth of those rumors. :D
to be fair it's probably more exuberance than condescension. Still, one must resist the urge to footnote
& leading worship today at - Bellevue. Join us at 9 or 11 AM or at 5:30PM!
how is that different that any other day?
my favorite #AUSTREAM moment is whenever you start dancing :)
Can we just pretend the Midwest region doesn't count?
Great discussion in #ccom2000 about issues and crisis management this morning
RT : RT 25% of online consumers said they would try a competitor if the mobile website was not working vi…...
#Iwant Everyone to check out my artwork and become a fan please @ facebook.com/thewilliamjames
me too “: The #alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for #ala12. I'm pretty stoked about it.”
#Badgers are trending!
research query giving me a good reason to immerse myself in the Reconstruction era accounts of the city fire department. Win.
I'm always.clapping...you know this...but god damn they suck at hitting.
I'm bout to give the baggage to my chick to carry... I can't do this shit no more
TY for mention! :)
"Each moment is a place you've never been." ~Mark Strand... Let the moment happen, let it be... let go of the sense that you "already know."
"New furniture, a flat-screen television, decorative light fixtures, interactive white boards,,," Must be real cushy on North Avenue.
S/O to 4 the great company last night & keeping the drinks flowing while I kept the music in rotation last night !
When people are sitting on a high horse it is over because their personality and attitudes are the turds the horse dumps out of its ass
Most people are all the same.
To achieve a work-life balance, you must plan your days ahead of time, so keep a planner. Stay flexible & be productive.
all good now. Thanks and keep up the good work
Praying for all the volunteers and also the speakers - Excited to watch some of the live stream the next couple of days
i want my mom to wake up and make me some food.
“Death is not the opposite of life. Life has no opposite. The opposite of death is birth. Life is eternal.” ~Eckhart Tolle
Accepting books all year round!! dont let books pile up at home, let us be your book"holders" !!
Very important for this one account to be able to do this. Integrating with display is better than current solution, I have
Gave myself a little food poisoning - in bed all day. Had a car accident last week. What's next? You know they come in threes.
Everyone should be tweeting about Kobe Bryant's effort right now, he is a BEAST!
RT The shortest distance between two people is a sweet smile
Q4: I train alone, or sometimes with my son(s). Part of the allure to cycling for me is enjoying the solitude.
Had really a good game ~
I've seen teenage girls that look like that who are scarier <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
bobbing for ice!! Has he eaten any of your gear lately!? Lol
Happy Birthday <3.
:California Coast Credit Union: your best interest in mind! Join us today-everyday is Bank Transfer Day! www.calcoastcu.org
Orange Tags are now on sale! That means any media with an orange tag on it is 50% OFF! WOW-WEE! Come on in to STUFF!
U2 madness. Not going, but at campus for the party.
100+ People in line for taxis at the airport...#SXSW hasn't even started yet and I'm already over it.
BFA Review went well. The ADDY Awards are tonight! It's going to be a good
lol. So what's that mean?
Sen Kenley - unlawful meant a severe behavior warranting severe punishment
"With the 75th pick in the 2012 #NFLDraft, the Seattle Seahawks select … Russell Wilson, QB, Wisconsin.
Gotta love a bit of Take That :D
Yay I'm going to go see the lucky one tomorrow! Tell me if it's good or not! , WANNA SEE IT WITH ME? ;D
Hey, Hey, listen to your heart now. Hey, Hey, don't you feel the rush?.
COME TO CHICAGO
Never blame yourself for someone else's mistakes.
My prediction is that HealthCare will be declared unconstitutional 5-4, as if there was ever any doubt otherwise
Chocolate chip simas<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
but on that note, i'm out <U+270C>nighty night
"Thousands of GENUISes live and die undiscovered - either by themselves or by others." ~ Mark Twain... Now go face a mirror... & RECOGNIZE.
TRUE!": #Scorpio gets irritated by stupidity."
I will live...but does it vibrate?!
Mayor Rahm, Make Chicago The Greenest City In The Country. That Will Bring the City Jobs!!!
Really beautiful artwork!
I'm probably not going to talk to anyone that I go to school with during summer... o;
No way dude. I ran down to Radio Shack to get as many CueCats as I could. I still have one in the drawer in my office.
When not a tech lawyer I am a real estate lawyer. Get to tromp around 2500 acre ranch today under sunny skies
If you could travel anywhere. Where would it be?
Think you might be doing it wrong if that is the case buddy. =) Sorry had to say it. Hope all is well. Enjoy the weekend. V/BTFU
#TRADhome same to u! Can't wait to meet next week!
just finished the first two hunger games books. Would have been my first choice for peeta. So stoked for Thursday night!
Wet dream Wednesday!!!!!(:
we've hit hour 2 of the Uverse install. I hope it's worth it.
Eh, wash the sake down with some nice collard greens. Wait, there's always BEER!
Staying in pj's all day. Getting hair braided for summer vaca. Reading all ur emails. Watched Gayle K. Show with Stedman. On at 4-6 on OWN.
Fantastic meeting you too! : SO great meeting with you ! Smarty Ladies meetup soon. :)
&& come out tonight! westside pie!!!! #wastedattire!
You are AWESOME. Have a super day. God bless you friend
there will be a day where you will tweet me back (;
also, in this case, RAID.
He does great work! ;-)
amber rose doing music...
Somebody UN-followed me
And one of those shutouts was pitched by the worst pitcher in the history of baseball... Jeff Fucking Suppan!
Besides I can save All my Chedda 4 an Ipad
Nashville today lots of drinking, wearing stupid hats,hitting every bar in town. some call it St. Paddy's day.. I call it Saturday!
hows the baby?
def over messaging u but I have an extra ticket to the bulls game sunday I assume ur prob working but if not its yours if u want
getting ready for the summer in Thailand! Want to learn about conservation? Get out there and see what's happening on the ground!
- nice. chat later then.
appreciate it!
lmao i feel you, on a hot ass day them shits go down.
When I hear your voice than I have butterflies in my stomach ! You have amazing singing skills! <U+2665> Keep going Ariana! <3
Seriously...stereo, double-tracked drums?? Jon Brion freaking out on vintage keyboards all over the place?? F.A.'s incredible soul?
#NorthCarolina Jesus could have condemned slavery. He might have done so.
Gordon of WKU says he hopes MKG goes on to win national title
This made me laugh out loud. Awe. Some.
it was so much fun. Loads of new contacts and great things coming in the future.
hahahaha just saw the nastiest thing ever!
I had so much fun last night!
It's really amazing how much LESS trash you have when u
Me too. I was a huge fan is his and his bad boy style. Hopefully it's not what defines his future!
I think a clear vision of what you want to accomplish is key as a social bz to then create a plan to present to investors/funders
Asm Block opening with ACR 4 to officially proclaim May 1-8 as CA Holocaust Memorial Week
Good luck to the CSU VB team in the tourney this weekend. GO RAMS!
thanks for mention!!
Love|Lockdown-Kw
Just used my parents' cable account to snag HBO GO (because Time Warner sucks). It could be a dangerous drain on my productivity.
RT : Remember when you had to choose whether or not to be friends with someone just one time? I want that back.
In other words, we use 1400 person hours on one day
Game 7.... Who's it going to be? The #Rangers or the #cardinals ????
funny - sort of thought fed would be US downfall... Diplomatic of him to bow out and leave it to Pico, eh?
Laali Aapki dost hai? Thts cool! But She is nt on FB. If She was, She would see wht effect Her show has had on You! :)
True & that is after they get the edu. Most of these fellas are highly educated.
": Never make choices when your mad."
man I feel like that a lot
Manufacturing of runs!
Nice to see Scutaro remember to put the tag on the would-be base stealer this time.
i love having friday's off!
did you do fredonia?
That's amazing! Jealous!
Ninjas living ratchet but acting like they got it on twitter!
see you guys are based out of Canada - let us know when you are ready to infiltrate the US via DMV area 410.513.9199
hey, pretty! I miss you!! We need to get together soon! Love you :)
Anything I can help test iPhone? My ID on the site is 'pl212'.
CC's not sharp so far, but effin' umpires, man. I can tell I'm gonna be yelling at the TV all night.
did you get my text? :)
#BuckeyeNation Let's go bucks!
I missed the show cause I was arguing with some boy I was dating. I have no clue what happened.
Why does dancing with the stars get me all worried and nervous, man :(
When's the last time the Brownies ever made a mistake on draft day?
#TheVoice "Bringing Opera Back" wow bold stuff HUh Opera Never Left just to get exploited to the masses in the US... SMH
Will be there": (100) days until countdown begins - kickoff event in Times Square today! #NYC #sportsbiz"
its been two years since "one time"happy anniversary baby<U+2665>
yikes. Someone was probably fired. Heads are rolling. :)
Mission Accomplished.
RT : If you can't make it to the show, you can donate a few bucks via PayPal to help out Timmy P at
I watch it every so often, but I might just actually start watching it even more. Thanks for the suggestion!
Bohemian love
ya no prob! it was seriously cool :D
Why everyone i call is eating are just ate chipotle
I know! It's funny how that worked out. You're on the west coast, and I'm midwest. Then you move midwest, and I go west coast.
Time for some shut eye. one is already shut.
I don't work for nothin.
Our very own is speaking today w/ some friends! Go get 'em girl!
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE UPCOMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
Thanks, Ruth. Have fun with ur pops!
": Miss Teen International 2011, Jurnee Carr attended a special tour event featuring the cast of The Hunger Games..."
How's your weekend going so far?
good lookin on the shout out homie.
good luck brother. Take it down
I'll do anything to be happy.
I bet you're just as hot as Chris Evans though!
Well, today's gotten off to a weird start. Its not Wednesday, is it?
Once,twice it's ok, I'm ok if u still want to try to break my heart, I'm still in love with you.
I hate sleeping alone :(
The big homie @ #IBIZA was crankin last night!!! Even the other big homie came out!!!
Hope it's going well for you Jonathan.
Wale Got a lot of ways with words in the song "Sabotage"
Flag on the play, dude kicked other dude in the balls. 15 yards.
See the great in the new teaser! Watch! RT! Comment!
for the follow and support Robyn keep cheering for your favs and check out
damn! I had no idea..I would have been 1st on line had I known. ;-) Drinks soon PLEASE
Williamsburg, Brooklyn bike shadows...
what was up with the Mizzou branded shake weight on the draft set this morning?
hope is feeling better. ):
definitely blur!
disappointed by how much or how little?
When girls go off saying they're ugly af when clearly they're all pretty nshit.
Lol don't matter
oh...what he do so special...proactiv commercial
WE CAN TAKE OVER TWITTER! Retweet
#DiMasi tax returns admitted into evidence.
Tired watching
wow thats crazy
The O's Win. The Oriole's Win!
Wine & spa flow..this avenger need the RR
Ya that card from is rad.
#youknowyoughetto when u run an extension cord to ur neighbors apartment cause ur electricity got cut off!
thank you kindly sir
sleeping I hope...lol
you better have him get on that lol before someone else try
Happy happy joy joy, my Cavs won over the Heat!!
Well, that didnt go as expected.
BILLY WAS MAKING FUN OF TRS& CASEY SAID"how would you feel if someone insulted your favorite band? the wigges are pretty terrible"
felt like i was back in north carolina today! love this heat.
Just checked in at Heaven.
where u been
so the story ends, "Mrs. Graves charged that her husband deserted her in Los Angeles in August 1932, leaving her with 3 small children."
Ah!!!! My ears won't stop ringing :(
LOL- Yes, you are correct ;) Thanks Steve!
aww..made it to my dorm and now im in bed. tonight was AWESOME and I can't wait till tomorrow ;) happy first day of halloween college park!
when players are id'd then pressure on them to succeed & transition to #USWNT increases...
Notion has had a great year with site licenses at schools...including the entire Canadian city of Winnipeg. Go Jets!!!
Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
Maybe we'll start filming sketches soon. Who knows. The world is crazy! -C
So sleepy
Now in bloom in Jack and Wise Counties: redbuds, peach trees, wild plums, daffodils, irises, and lilac.
I would say that you are the man!
This dude designs so good and he is (capital) H.O.T Sexy
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to.
Whoa. is officially 5'8 & I'm only 4'7 & can't grow anymore...I wonder what it will be like if we ever meet eachother
I kind of want to... Trying to validate spending the $$
WOW...I mean, WOW.
Do not overload extension cords, “power strips” and electrical outlets.
def serious I still love you thank you! It's like I'm all grow'ds up n junk.
I miss you too Kenn! We'll hang out soon. :)
your shot with about a min left was clutch. Keep it going!
what it do what it do
is at work in the studio of Estereo Latino 102.9!
yeah man that's crazy
I gotta go.. See you tomorrow :) Goodnight sweethearts.
Either you like bacon, or you're wrong.
Glad to see you're using our new Facebook registration & login tool! More Facebook features to come soon!!
Would you feel any better if he tweeted it from Opera Mini or iCab on iPhone? :-)
Casting male/female fighters/boxers that can act.. for up coming film
Awhhh no fair
Amazing amazing board meeting with my amazing amazing board! So excited at what's coming down the pipeline!
Spent all day promoting w/ for the reading Sept.27th Art Gallery in
that's right, alexandra. it's on. on like zaxxon!
Would love to hear more about that.
problems when too many cooks are involved in designing projects - questions of ownership, outcome THATcamp session 2
I agree!
saw a guy driving today... with racing gloves. it was a Nissan Altima.
Join us as we show support for and educate our community about heart disease in women
Get in there, Singhy. Shred them. RT : 80' SportingKC substitution: Shawn Singh on for Kevin Ellis.
Wtf yuh mean im broke , You need a whooping
I do not remember a time since I have been capable of loving books that I have not loved Shakespeare. ~ Helen Keller
cheer up dude! Let's FaceTime her later!
i dnt evn know she doesnt answer me imma txt u k
It's impossible to loose you because I never had you, although I'd be glad to.
Why don't I strap on my job helmet, squeeze down into a job cannon and fire off to Jobland, where jobs grow on jobbie jobs!
All these kids have a license to drive? B-town is effed up, yo.
I'm pumped to be up 3-0 on Pittsburgh but the Flyers of all teams should know about coming back from that
it's more to it than that. He made this shit personal..
Mavs and cowboys always seem to disappoint me
Sort of agree. There's a longer discussion there :)
In man, the things which are not measurable are more important than those which are measurable.
Jeez...how many commercials can you shove into one Walking Dead episode. This is ridiculous. How much money do these people need to make?
Back in production. Time for walkie ear again.
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Do you think you have what it take to start a Nonprofit Org? We think you do! Register for Orientation to Starting a Nonprofit;May 3;$20.
My whole life had changed since you came in , I knew back then . . .
World Meningitis Day is coming to America on April 30. Angels will be in Colorado. Meningitis Kills, Get Vaccinated.
Minding your business creates less problems. If it doesn't concern you, it shouldn't involve you!!.
no matter what page I go to I get "Sorry! We did something wrong...." message. I've now tried 2 different computers and 3 browsers
Deb: Look for grant funding and grant-funded positions
Well at least you are not one of the hipsters, right?
Thank you for a great season #iubb Tell all the seniors thank you for all their work.
Did the #CinnamonChallenge today..... It was awesome!!!!
#TeaPartyII in just four days. here I come.
Advertising is the principal reason why the business man has come to inherit the earth. - James Randolph Adams
I downloaded the email client for my mac and iPhone ... I'll never look back! It's so elegant.
Happy hour with my #xocai. Yum
legendary karaoke freestyling
Austin your amazing and u r my world it would mean the world to me if you could follow plz and thank u
I'm hungry!! Time to go cook something:-)
Hey Eric, how are you? Thanks for the add. Hope you're well.
Hurry the fuck up and text me!! I miss you... ):
"iPads in the Science Classroom: What's Worked and What Hasn't" by is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
Dear Fr. Steven J. Kelly The new Photo's looks great, I look forward to bring you the final work sometime next week. God Bless H.Q.
Our Social Media Marketing prices and descriptions are now online, but don't forget, we also offer complete, customized #marketing mixes
I'm going to be hearing ringing for a long time after this. Boudreau actually challenged this fan base for not being loud?!
where in the world did you see Darren's penis, though?
that was , THE BEST<3 I almost peed myself . Lmaoo and then ms. Zinty(;
Jeeze you sure do know how to make my whole day :)
Are you in the Medical Industry? Have a patient who suffers from alzheimer's disease? The MT90 Personal Trackers is your solution.
Mentioning The Hunger Games results in Twitter "job offers" and links to "one night stand" sites. I guess reading=unemployed sexless loser
- It's A New Day
Come check out Scarlot and the Harlots tonight w Dave Hammer's Power Supply and Antelur. Stone Tavern in Kent, OH.
Yep, I'm a confident guy though so I'll be good no matter what
#MoreFemalesShould Learn to depend on themselves not anyone else.
I'm not gonna be ashamed of singing that song in my car with the windows down
Studio tomorrow!!!
"Cute as a button" Is that supposed to be a compliment? Since when are buttons cute?
follow back? :) xo imma big fan of
thanks for the follow... Following back immediately!!!
Ugh! Still haven't gotten mileys album. Cant you take a hint mom?
so glad you made it to Detroit...you're a sick man and I love it!
enjoys peeps in all stages of staleness.
Yes, it is very big!
un i wish i could go on a tour hope u follow and maybe reply?
shout out please!!???(;
I vote yes.
"ima fish." "Me>You"
ginger spice, ginger spice. hustle hard since fisher price. you offer up a couple lines, I just hit the swisher twice.
An early lunch and working at after three days off. Feels a bit odd, but tweeting with about was an adequate substitute.
#WeAllNeed god in our lives<3
it could be worse!
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
Drinking a barrel aged gonzo - super delicious brew.
tragic loss but note the reference to #digitization as tool in ensuring content isn't lost
lol ... too damn funny.
Woman's head got stuck in door of Shady Grove Metro. Passengers forced door open to save her.
Anybody ever hear of The Venus Project? Wonderful ideas, hope for the future, fabulous technology-www.thevenusproject.com
Yes baby!
This conversation about the merits of twitter is underwhelming.
If history is doomed to repeat itself. I want a dinosaur.
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals. #odd facts
Steroids. Clearly. RT big hands ... Big head?
Biking with a cigar?
Have a Great Day Too Barbie! xo
Found my new obsession THE Xx
dope show! MTV need to give yall a FULL HOUR! Get the new contract out, renegotiate! LOL
A great end to 2011 (otherwise a rough freaking year): happy and excited to be the new Sunday Editor at !
Life Is Good! Thank You All! Lets Try To Get To 100 Likes So Share My Page With Your Friends! Thanks Again!
Yo, here's some you'd like - and
Because I am righteous, I will see you, O Lord. When I awake, I will see you face to face and be satisfied. (Psalm 17:15 NLT)
Good morning! It's time to get busy, the day is at it's Peak! How is your day going? I hope you have a Wonderful day! :)
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that no-one sees or appreciates before you accomplish anything worth it.
great advice!
you should follow bringing up U.S. Debt made me a RACIST.
yea you?
WORD!!! Hope you stay this time :-) RT hehehehe iv joined the 21st century lol
I don't get why Obama would come to FAU.
Word then looks we're gonna have a motion filled video on Saturday!!! Looking forward to it
are you sure? I thought it was but she walked right past Dogtown...
Today's international kissing day... WHERE ARE YOU? lol
Happy Happy Birthday Love Ya Hope Its The Best!!!!!
:) RT Thanks to for hosting the brewing basics class night. Spent half the time daydreaming about recipes.
Today about three or four people asked me "Did it hurt?" Go die.
Hilarious! Reminds me of that Seinfeld episode where Newman flirts with the farmers daughter!
FREE LUNCH!!!! Mexican deliciamose!!!!
my heart jumped
You have a girlfriend.....but youre just so freaking hot. Why. #uglygirlprobz lmao.
Did you know that you can check out cool TV series from College Library including "Breaking Bad," "True Blood," and more?...
Awww :( my crush "Chris Brent" just hung up on me:'(
RT : A little scary how much this game resembles the first 30 minutes of last week's UND-#Gophers match-up
Glad the weather cooperated this morn for all my peeps doing the Y-Me breast cancer walk
Sitting in this boring barber shop
Good job and my
Thanks bud! We all knew she secretly loved me! RT : I still cant believe proposed to Congrats you two!
Loving the cool (70) and rainy in Austin weather today, fearful of the summer assault just around the corner - last year was brutal
I've been trying 2 empower women & myself & I forgot we also have to empower our spouses! How can we do that? #LoveLanguages. Ck out my site
Oh, don't know it but cool haha
Getting ready for a busy day. M-F 8:30a-11a our doors are open to serve the #hungry and #homeless of #CoHi #DC. See some1 in need? Tell them
I hate when bands have pretty merch but make terrible music.
It had been 16 years since I last saw Bush. They only got better. Place was sold out.
y? I bet it's better than mine
It's called Race For The Cure week & switching over to GSelector week.
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #8 The Power of Productivity - this is a relentless pursuit of achieving more by controlling your schedule
Playing all day and forgetting to put sunscreen on.
: startups in reality go from failure to failure. Failure is a natural part of the learning process in a startup. Learn how to fail.
Home from work to see they showing Saving the last dance
#FF writers who rock!
idk who that is but I'm guessing the guy playing spiderman haha. I will steal him from you jk my man is Captain America (;
Today was exhausting. So glad it's over, but not looking forward to studying for my final tomorrow! Thank jebus it's my last one!!
If Kane has good trade value then the Hawks should strongly consider it. Too small. Not enough production.
I'm just seeing this. Great photo!
you are horrible maybe u shoud stop trying to stoke flames and learn how to be an unbiast reporter!
Everyone in Bridesmaids was off the charts funny but McCarthy gurl you SMASHED it!!! wish I could find you on Twitter!!
thanks a lot!
How was it? what did you have?!?
Amazing how challenging has made sharing Picasa photos without G+ participation #coercion ?
They'll both require daily blow drying and flat irons...
If they wanna get it in tell em im ready to go
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet & on their FB page to comment.
Love that you love Benjamint Crunch Bars from ! Have you tried our cookies yet?
Only one week til #bloodybrunch & #mkeholidaytu! See ya next Sunday at to benefit Toys for Tots & ! :)
I hate shady people..
Y dont I ever learn no matter how nice she is to me to start she will always ask for money & not talk to me till she needs more
do me do me. i wanna look as pretty as I feel
I chilled with them after a show and we talked and told them next time they come to town if they need anything let me know
What would you be studying? If you like the school then you should go. Vancouver has a great rep for filmmaking.
I'd help you if I could dude, but so far it's just the one. Let me know if you're making it out that night though
we would do this on our regular packages, but not our special offerings. I think this is also normal for any industry
I'm on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen. It's not available. If you try it once, you will die.
So many sagittarians and capricorns in my life. Blessings to us!
You Welcome.
That does sound like a pretty good tip
Paratroopers landing in DKR carrying the American, Texas, POW/MIA, and Longhorn flags and the game ball = awesome!
Called the Gossip Girl ending a few weeks back. Immensely proud of myself.
The ACT had a bunch of questions about the difference between there, their and they're. Half the people on the internet would have failed.
stray from boston, , just not jean claude.
#MATTWEITERS. THE Best catcher in basball, bar-none! O's Fans...."STRONG"! Were almost there baby!
Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much. But at least I won't give up until I've tried, and I won't regret anything.”
What's there to do in WM? Nothing? Okay... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
WOW, this has been a long day. But I guess any day with a closing is a good one.
so many ideas!!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my favorite Mexican!
Pollo tropical went down
I didn't :) at Least it doesn't show that I did
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to ME!
Come on Timbers!
Does not feel like Thursday -_-
what about them
Ugh weezy behind me needs to stop breathing or lose weight
. Blake Shelton is very handsome. u have great taste so I'm following u!
#INDABA2012 is at the #Durban ICC; weather is beautiful rt now as well. :)
Today is Pride's first show since 2008! Hope to see you at Campbell County! Peace!
umw did it in one fell swoop. Canvas admin can be found at She can tell our story of Instructure success.
"Words have to be crafted, not sprayed. They need to be fitted together with infinite care." - Norman Cousins
man that to much! Haha
oh joy take pics
I only do what I can...little by little we will get this thing figured out
I dont have to feel like that. So I won't "" from that song anymore. Lol. Maybe next it'll be from The Layover or the New Album.
Oh hell no - Titans TD but not Jimmy Graham?
I watched it, when he started swearing and yelling about badge numbers, things didn't go well for him...
Are you a "morning only" coffee drinker or "I'll drink coffee whenever I can!"
Time to buy the new books for the new term college is so good dam expensive
RT “: Hey everyone, fill your gas tank when it's half empty and enjoy the illusion that you're spending less on gas”
indeed x 2.
u are followed
pulling out all my weird election day superstitious rituals, praying wins tonight at the awards. big love, chef
Devils&#39; penalty-killing is much improved against Flyers
I like food<3
I know. I could always sneak out tho ( :
I'm so happy to have met
I'm going to get in your face about water today. I'll just tell you now.
- This Bitch Said Come Smoke Some . . Hoe Know Ion Smoke .
I might as well have stayed awake all night. Pretty sure I woke up every 2 hours...
Besides you..
Little girl on street showed me her painting.I said-VERY NICE! Her mom was shocked-her other daughter was holding up her skirt &no underwear
You cant force the gospel , if people dont want it , then they dont . Cruel reality..
Up and dressed and off to church, then brunch, then grocery shopping.
RT Confessions is penciled in for some show dates! Dates, time, and location will be announced very soon!
Supreme hat, buttoned flannel, tiny plugs. Lemme guess you like bitches and rap music?
Just picked up some awesome accessories & met some nice folks Thanks for organizing it, !
RT : Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton. , Excellent motivator!
I know… Im devastated… ugh!!!
Firebug should integrate a high quality color picker. I leave Photoshop open all day just so I can pop in and grab hex values.
Having some fun in the fashion district with :)
America remains in mourning for Meow, once its fattest cat. He loved to be brushed. He loved to be brushed. He also enjoyed tuna.
Preview of Gwyneth Paltrow’s Return to "Glee" Includes Full Performance of "Do You Wanna Touch Me"
that's typical laker fans right there lol im sitting next to one. I'm biting my tongue that's why I'm ventin to you haha
Congrats win at NYY! See ya Sat. 4/9 at home.
I HATE living with slobs! Get your shit together people!!!-@!/!!/
Cant wait to see him!!!
Don't buy goat meat ;) RT : Went to the farmers market and bought goat meat......any suggestions?
and flattery gets even better answers ;) ... srsly, tho. Thanks :) ... the database is a bit inside ball, but a powerful tool
we are here and starting to pour... come on in to THE CASK and try some great wines !!!
Badgers stun buckeyes in Columbus. Great big ten battle
You know ppl are talking about sonic too damn much when your mother let's you know. "Yah that's totez the 1st time I've heard that today"
So true! RT : A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. Bob Hope
Awesome-- it looks like he's collaborated with Meng too.. (who is awesome)
Studio Paris here we come! Studio Session begins now! ChiIL Productions at the door!
lol i hate my life. isnt that awesome.
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
It's Life. Lol
What is the greater good of non-profits if they continue to help the same people every year?
am I seeing you tomorrow? Say yes or we fight.
Down to 5. is there enough time for Kansas?
So the Whole Foods in Mt. Washington has these things called "chocolate chewies" in the bakery section...
last one was true!
Satan was defeated 2,000 years ago when Christ was raised from the dead let's claim that victory in boldness the battle is already won!
Baseball senior night is tonight. I will do my best to pronounce all names currently.
Thanks for the ToTD.
is it actually cold in AZ?? How was BP?
Wanna see me draw terrible pics & try to guess them? My username on Draw Something is DamonDylan Play if you dare
There is though.
isnt that cool? I wanted to do something like that at one point. very well done.
Huntsman: Political parties die out because they lose momentum
We are so happy to have you!
Use promo code STEAK for a 60 percent discount on gift certificates Good for locations all over the city
I'll be taste testing a few of those Yard House taps this weekend. We can see the place from our condo; new hangout maybe.
hey! Met you last night ! Would love to DM you some more info about the benefit (:
Thank you for the invite. I find it kind of interesting. More cool than Facebook, but not quite as useful.
#FF Funny and always interesting, a great follow. And so far, the ONLY Two-Time
follow because I love her music and because I said so ;-)
Joyeux anniversaire, ! You don't look a day over 215.
"To see your future tomorrow, look at your friends today!"
do u choose the 'featured' name or is it auto-selected?
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
I really liked it, thought it was very well done.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
#Codeforoakland attendee: "Make sure that we connect to established infrastructure/networks in Oakland. There's already a lot here."
Thanks, Gonna be a long one! Studying for an exam!
"We are stupid with twizzlers, that's the candy of romance if you didn't know"
I don't have time for this.
it will be out on august 20th at kellieluvella.tv !!!!
!@#$%^&*(*&^%$#@! the universe hates me because I still have an old man's cough -___-
it's just improper to call another human old. Never ask a lady her age and please understand Betty is a broadway star.
$ROVI to report to day after hours? No action so far.
“: No Doubt is going to release a new album?! Middle-school-me is doing a happy dance.” aren't they a lesbian??
winning bin laden tweet goes to
Thanks for the shouts you two!
It was revealed by an MRI, and It will be treated non-surgically.
Lmao, I have zero respect for you <U+270B>
you'd be surprised
Last day of classes! #woo! :)
On Feb. 18 @ 1pm in the Lilly Auditorium, come and listen to Anthropology prof. Paul Mullins discuss IUPUI: The Creation of an Urban Univ.
Word. Btk 2009. Everybody get some sleep.
Very happy.
get like me ok ;)
There's a reason why I keep to myself.
#Shoutout to ! Thanks for the follow!
I pray everynight to move there so I can dance at icon!! ):
Myspace has less than 20 million users, bought for $580 million in 2005, can't even sell it for $100 mil. Facebk has over 700 mil people
Gave last quiz today. Certainly won't be doing THAT in my next 3 semesters.
RT : A random act of kindness goes a long way. Watch for the ripples.
We are cast! Rehearsals begin this weekend..Let the games begin!!!
College boys:) maybe ill find the one
Go F Yourself Chicago, sweep em Crew
Clippers and Grizzlies might not be champ level teams, but they sure are playing some exciting ball.
if I were u I would hate me too! wanna hug MOFO? aight then!
We are interested
My fav person is back!! *bust 2 shots in air*
It's a matter of preference. The tech's way better, and is utilized much differently. Either way, looks awesome.
CLUTCH is here to give you an experience that will have you coming back for more :)
uhmmm,you know,twitter have lotsaa quote boy quote girl quote page kinda thing and he's just one of them? Lol
Conviction- standing for what's right even when others don't. Teaching kids that this AM.
OMFG!! I've been trying since 5:00 P.M. to get those V.I.P. tickets....sadly , I have no luck :'(
Solid day on the baseball diamond
Happy Holidays! I have been neglecting my Tweeps bad this season... But I'm back! Anyone have big plans for New Years?
my old fallout 3 disc saves work on game of the year edition on steam
Watching the blind side!
they're apparently not accepting any more cell phones according to the link.
Order sent to Jennifer in WI!
the sun spit morning in my face :-]
my dad knew a guy from radio disney!
Wotste couple of the week goes to
It came from Dog The Hawaiian bounty hunter from Colorado
Why am I at work?!
lmfaoo. i seriously didnt even think of that.
i scream you scream we all scream we all scream for icecream
“: Uh oh. The guy I was thinking about fucking had a really funny set tonight. #chucklefucker” Potluck Pussy
Can we go home now
Thanks for retweeting about our avaiable graduate assistantship. Hope you will apply.
There are some songs you just want to hear today...doesn't seem right without them...lol...: )
Emily? I mean Emilie? Em-uh-lee! Ok ok! Emilee! Love the spelling! :)
WTF is up w in a tv ad looking like a #BollyWood Indian. Do you think it was a racist statement? USA NEWS
always nice to wake up and know what the weather will be like. Thanks
THE Lakers losing!
If you,come to my mama house no matter who u is u gone laugh lbs they be tweaking#they crazy
Just witnessed eat two donut holes whole. Awkward.
ComedyChicago ~ He Gained Nearly 2 Inches
Seen at texas road house .
Lets go Watt
I like how Buck Showalter says Jim Johnson will pitch the ninth inning and Troy Patton comes out. Guess he didn't mean today's ninth inning
I'm halfway through the 4 hour lay-over. And I've already explored the entire airport.
Thanks! it was quite production
please follow me!! It would make my day!
Nicola Batum went through shoot-around. Game time decision with sore quad.
Very possible. You? Who are you excited to see?? RT: Makin a presence both weekends?
and you aren't funny.
yep I'm gone be really tanned!!
No problem! :)
Another gorgeous day in America's Finest City! What's your family doing this weekend to enjoy our San Diego sunshine?
Niggas be straight making Adidas track suits look weak as fuck ....
<U+2605> is everyone loving this beautiful #Cleveland fall morning!?!? <U+2605>
oh man, that sounds tempting but I'm really tired - I did get the Eddie Money trivia answer right (Ronnie Spector) after the race;)
About to go to river riot alone unless someone wants to join me!
I'm feeling the need for a dubstep concert.
it wasnt bad it was weird tho bc it was crunchy ice cream it freaked me out lol
love that you have used oxi clean #parenting! I would frequently forget deodorant
I had to hit him; he said his Nanny cld beat up my Nanny. What's a Nanny? Buffy
Why can't she just be here
Ok, I'll ckeck them out too. Excellent.
ooohh...darn I missed it! My family is from Staffordshire England!!
TA would whoop his ass so would ZBO
Didn't have time for a shower so this SF rain will have to do.
So excited for you and Liam to be reunited! Of course not as excited as you are, but yano :) x
“: Think it's safe to say the #Devils just advanced! Yes!” RT I had no doubt in my mind! The lone good news of the day.
Listening to Kendrick all day today
i know but call my phone or txt me tho its 612-275-7120
Check out Mr.D's tips of the day and become a fan on facebook. Great tips and ideas for project around your home.
"The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose"
Mel Kiper doesn't know shit. I miss Joe Theismann telling him he sucks.
Hey I just addressed mailing envelopes like you
Executive Office Furniture: Alera Fraze Executive High-Back Swivel ...
The only stupid question is the one that is not asked.
okay love. :) gooodnightttt gorgeous ! (:
Follow me on Instagram I'll follow back automatically...
Volleyball tournament. FML
"Guys, we're home!" *blue lights*
Thanks for the RT!
if I sleep next class it won't take as long(:
You bet, lady. I need to get involved and contribute! My uncle is the Sr. Interface designer on #D3, I can interview him!
This. RT : Happy 2 yr anniversary to - best 2 years I could ask for. Love you!
RT : #directionsnv2011 we're borrowing from the future. Same ol', same ol'. This is not the way to fix NV
Think I'll go to bed and fake sleep. Probably have to fake productivity tomorrow.
No doubt... Mother Nature can be biotch that way :)
I thought I was the only one who felt that way.. lol
RT : I was the 1st. born inUS of my family & I may get to meet #TopBlogueras Imagínate!Thanks to
The comm dept. cannot get organized if our life depended on it
Still giving out free dick I see lol RT : Um alright I guess “: somebody needs to rub they dick on me”
Always a good day to play the Astros
It pops up on occasion. (I answered her call in class around day 8.) Moral: don't forget to call - and avoid Verizon.
I'm sure you did well. Now you can relax a bit!
sorry about your loss man. i'll send a prayer up for you
Note to self: Add Beatles Anthology 3 to iTunes Match & Anyone know the licensing fee AMC paid for "Tomorrow Never Knows" on Mad Men?
Thanks Luke. Planning a trip home in June. Plan on mtg with Twins! #triplewhitereunion?
La La
our developers are working on this issue. Be assured that if you entered your team we have it in our database. Update soon
it flies by!
oh lol I was reading ya post on my tl & was like ok someone need a hug or a kiss yo lml
thinking about dinner? try on n western
And the second game of the doubleheader was 22-0?
Thanks . I hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
I think you are forgetting Santa baby
so yeah. Back to our convo, this summer i'm going to start running, get ready for volleyball
YEAH.... Except oh wait. They changed their minds and are back on. Yay! They're tugging on my sanity strings.
Be careful running in the rain at this time. Dress in layers and stay safe!
your killing me Petey!
Check out our FREE Crown moulding offer @ www.mrdspainting.com Call a contractor you can trust. "We Love to Paint" and much much more !
If u r John Stockton & your son shoots an air ball FT is that grounds for punishment?
RE: Hippodrome. I only ever see the occasional notice for rush tickets (not every show). Possible opening comps. Msg me.
We pride ourselves in our ability to create nonsense. Bring it on good friends, our kegs our inconfiscatable!
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 2-2. Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
What I learned in school today: when you put an iPad in the hands of teachers & students amazing things happen.
Running time ! #round 2
Just one of those days
Impractical jokers >>>
wait for the good karma to roll in!
Thanks for following, Kacey!
mussel <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> not gonna lie didn't get it at first hehe
probably just hit up Uc
Hey guys! Haven't tweeted in a while, go follow and check out their music!
It's slaughter day! Wish me luck!! PS, it's just a pig, don't worry. I like bacon.
Diane Reeves - "Do Nothin' Till You Hear From Me"...yup yup
I don't believe I didn't notice it until yesterday!!! I've been here six years, and in this building for nearly four.
Yeah, but when will the heart be released?
A weird brainstorm- was looking for one for my dad for b-day, there were none, had an "aha" moment. Just launched last month
No problem! Hope you had a great one!
I mean I have been watching these chicks from the beginning and she has really changed
The show is almost over...get into the fold now!
Love the Warrior Dash Mud Run promo coming up in June at Poconos!!
sorry my team had to ball on y'all today
All right, finally... The Avengers tonight!! Happy weekend everybody!
I could care less who wins the Stanley Cup. I'm just glad it's not gonna be the
awe!! that's awesome. you rock!
Bill Benjamin is back with us! EQ is essential to success in business, whether our own or our employees. Tune in now to hear more!
Good Morning and Happy Thanksgiving I hope you have a wonderful day!!!<3;D
you should marry Rusty. Just saying.. Lol
oak alcohol additives, it all tastes the same - welcome to the golden state
Today is the beginning of a new chapter. We are excited and can not wait to share this music with you all. May God be glorified!
9-6. So glad i didnt watch the game
if there was a SantaClaus I'm pretty sure you'd smash him too lol
same ole same ole--good to see u here
Friday $4 Sake Night at Teak!!! AND Check out this out....... ~MIXAHOLICS ANNONYMOUS~ -A collective mix of DJ mixings of electronic music..
niaaaaa im looking at camping places and such! :) we need to talk about our plans!
I can't stand supa judgemental ass ppl everybody can't b u! Respect a persons individuality!!!!
I feel like you dont like Twitter that much lol
#darkcircles under my eyes, #exhausted & #sore I'm thinking today may be my rest day from working out.
now I have to find something productive to do. just my luck.
Bogost: "The mere existence of Wisconsin-style frozen custard should, in itself, be enough to get us to stop reading a book."
I thought you knew that... Oh wait. Maybe it's Pete. Pete knew. LoL. And Jerm.
Hockey is an acquired taste. You really kinda have to grow up with it to appreciate it. Has a rich/storied history like baseball.
Preparing a beautiful trip across the peruvian high jungle
The freedom I feel when I leave work is absolutely amazing.
Don't forget is releasing "Like I Do" at 1PM at www.facebook.com/goodluckjane !! Please RT!!
Somehow #AsiaTrinity Tour scored dinner w/ Mayor of Tainan. Thanks to TU friends for making this prestigious appt. possible.
THE SHORTEST MATCH IN DANIEL BRYAN'S CAREER!!!
I see that you just added my page! Do you mean a personal facebook account or a Get In My Hood account?
I'm mad I can't watch this fight
I hate the feeling of a full stomach, why did i eat so much?, i probably just gained like 546688 pounds!
Found you twitter way... you folowd someone, n I followed you :) Checked out your creativesage.com, what you do basically?
lol but yo mama and brother love it lmbo....trick what u look like
I Made A Fiye Ass Dinner Today. It Was Da Bomb !
Their account is funny. So I guess I will root for them.
You know, I've had that 'borrow money' conversation with my parents. I could pay them half the rate I pay on student loans... (1/2)
I swear, I can be having the shittiest day or feel the worst I've ever felt, and when I see Noah talk and smile, he makes my whole day <3
will you ever do a song with ?
yes, see you there? I'm working Playaway booth and competing(?) in BCDT.
I like Mondays now. I'm old enough to embrace them with humility and awe. Like a sunrise I'm just grateful for 1 more chance..Carpe Diem.
Who likes cheesecake?
do you have a tumblr?
That's awesome! \m/
is wondering, "where my bitches at?" The internet is a lonely place when you're the only one on it!
(: Feeling extra happy
At the company xmas party at the natural history museum.
What the hell should I cook for dinner??
if I make it to 7th it'll be an act of god.
My grandmas cookin >>>>
What was the web award for?
Teleworking tip of the day: use to find your teleworking position & use Visimeet (discounted with membership) to stay connected.
thanks Sequoia, I have submitted my stellar CL and resume through - looking forward to hearing from you!
Thinking about Hosting a Group party? Check out these amazing Photos from our Recent Baby Shower Celebration!
s'ite mate :)
Catching up on Mad Men.,.Obsessed! Like The Wire obsession. Last episode I saw Don strangle a women 2 death, now fist fights in the office!
ahahaha love it!!!!
That's my chicken noodle soup y! RT : I'm performing at the #AMAA Nomination Party tonight! Wooohooo!! *dancing*
Avengers for the second time <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
how's jsps look?
Homework on a bus with wifi
actually two lol
there now you can stop bitching bout not seeing me cuz I'll have my car and drive my ass to come see you lol
I reported on the National Council conference--#TNC10--and a coworker said I had laid out the case for why we're headed for socialism. Huh?
Well this one is over
hump day ladies make it count
I don't think she knew what it was. it was disappointing.
Judge says unfair insight is "troublesome" but rules defense witness will be able to testify "in part".
pulling for Lovey! At least it looks like Chicago showed up at this point
Getting mentally prepared for tomorrow myself.
A night to myself, Portillo's Poppyseed Fruit with Chicken Salad, lovely poppyseed muffin on the side, yummy dinner.
where did you have dinner?
GREAT point. so well-put.
We created 123GoTV as a unique method for kids to keep moving while watching TV. Kids pedal and the TV plays
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com David & Melina Montelongo! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Offer accepted! Let's just hope FHA doesn't screw this up[ with the appraisal!
HELLO prom weekend!
Nublu 10 Years is approaching!!! We will announce the June festivities soon!
Would It Be Awesome If I Made A Lyrics Video For Your Song "Even If It Kills Me" I'm Guessing It Would ;)
: Believes region needs to work together to solve issue. Esp. chronic
Your that boy in my dreams<3
I might check with departments on that. Some are more transparent than others.
Party all day, party all night !
Shit I do for friends... jump over desks put paper in the teachers face to block their view... smh
Cummings: "Taxpayers deserve to know how their money is being spent." #DATA Act
David Hume~ Art may make a suit of clothes but nature must produce a man.
Thanks again for your support of Beema! Enjoy www.beema.com, where our clients are #1!
I need to get a better phone greeting. "Who's jockin'?" is so 1995.
Because of my cuz & I have memories to last a lifetime.
Shark sightings yesterday at Tiburon. What a great tournament he has put on here for fans of all ages. Final round today
sleeping at night just isn't for me
Kickoff time suckas...good luck to whoever. Go Trojans!
Hey guys can you please follow me and i promise i will follow back ? <3
I've just had a call from the left side of a patron's brain. Not the right, only the left.
A light is on at the Marino's house. Shoot, I was going to break in and steal stuff.
So what happens when #SCOTUS overturns Obamacare and the big for profit Healthcare Corps come looking for their Obamacare subsidies?
nope have you ?
you are welcome thanks for the follow back
We vote for #Vegas! :)
It looks very cool. I need to check it out.
C B. 4ever and ever
if you can convince bibi to ask for it I totally will haha
God is on the move on the Eastside
I don't just do mixtape covers, I do all marketing materials. Done work for companies like Caleb Bret to Hyundai.
Staring problems.
We're actually pleased with the development. Just trying to improve. Snark not needed.
I absolutely hate when people ask for attention, just stfu
#USWNT - Pia is right... Can't explain missing the penalty kicks. Small difference between winning and losing.
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the love. The pirate love. Arrrrr.
I love me some #TLM but and I'm stoked to be on the metro tonight.
VERY peaceful :) back on the road with my homie tomorrow!! Off I the ATL!!
it's not looking good for me, then. Hopefully I'm just a supporting player.
ME: "OMG I have to tell you this story about-" *starts laughing* *deep breath* "Ok there was this-" *starts laughing*
I know it was the blood for me. It was my savior's blood.
My fingertips are too big to pretend I am a witch while eating Bugles. Is this growing-up?
If Seager is available in your ESPN then grab him
I'm sry girl): stay strong! Here if you need to talk! ~Sophie
That's not a dastardly drink. Go for the Kentucky Ale.
#mythoughtsduringschool ... plz no pop quizzes today
RT Today's women's basketball is changing because they have changed pace of the game & yes high school needs a shot clock ....
ohh. Did you have like spring break yet?
One of my good friends in Madison just saw Avengers and says it was better than Iron Man, on par w/ Batman Begins.
HE LOVES ME!
#GoTribe anyone wanna go to the tribe game tomorrow with me and everyones favorite dad chad?
Well, you just totally made my evening by the mention of my Tweet on air w/ Such fun! Thanks so much!
Love those panda feet!
'Impotent' Steven Limpy
GET ONE!
Not sure what all the buzz has been about....but intend to find out. Episode One of DOWNTON ABBEY tonight.
did she follow you back
Well I NEVER sit still!
how is it that im losing an average of one to two followers per day? what am i doing wrong? i follow back immediately...hm....
Finishing presentation on social media measurement today for #UNT grad students. Thanks for asking me to share and explore with you!
Off to NY for job interview at Pfizer, hope this goes well!
Hey! I've been doing #Insanity for about 6 weeks now and was wondering what ur opinion is? Keep posting the workouts. Thanks.
The TSA stopped me on the way to the subway at Penn Station to check my bag. I didn't mind. I am glad to see them thwart terrorism
I dont even feel like im alike after this weekend
I felt awful to think it, too. But when I agreed, I never thought they'd put me inside the devil.
Jack McKeon is back!! :D
BLake made his santa list.he made me cry.he says "NeeNee, i want a bed of my own, 2live in your house.oh yea i want a tractor 2 ride on"
thanks a lot for the s/o
Chocolate Chip muffins rule
Promotin' it like a boss!
I really could care less if anyone unfollowed me because of my excessive tweeting about the Rangers. Completely worth it.
#FlagShip... Hope it's good. Will be hard to top #Mars , but you got this...
my nigga! Can you and Ja Rule make a hot record for the ladies when he get out produced by
I speak of awareness/compliance to improve interaction. decrease discrimination, & reach a market worth $8T that includes 3B.
in opposite land lol
Imagine how fast church would be if Busta Rhymes where the preacher... Weekend Wednesdays @ Long Bar Tonight No Cover and 1/2 price drin ...
i don't like him! He needs to go home
always play to win...
Any suggestions on a Happy Hour venue in the Valley??
Grrrr. Not looking good.
I guess it wasn't ment to be any waysit's sad
Well what I learned tonight is that Cotto is the best boxer Floyd has fought on a while...but Mayweathet is on a different level
If a snow boot falls out of your closet and hits you on the head and no one is home to laugh at me.... Do I wipper in pain or ice it wit ...
Here we go RT : I just voted for Robert Griffin I. Cast your official vote for the
Always LOVE listening to speak and here she comes! #CAPRSA with an awesome movie montage first.
Whew! Not time to quit and I'm outta energy! Where's my coffee mug?
Save the date: evening of April 14, 2012, for KCAI gala in the grand ballroom of the Downtown Convention Center in KCMO. A big bash!
What could've Max done today with both La'Rod and Demarco? Offensive playcalling looks promising, but it is still just spring
Omg I don't wanna work at all :(
lmao Pal says this about me all the time..."ur still gonna do what you want shan"
thx for following edu_marketing is a feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital marketing agency in the .edu space.
Follow , she need some followers !
why do people hate on other peoples idols? its only because they're jelous how far they've become. Stop Greyson Haters
Fuck you misdemeanor. Cuz of you I didn't get the jobb
if I ever see you in those, I am making fun of you
Don't you hate after painting your nails you get a text and you want to text back so bad but your nails are wet! :\
I've been left completely awestruck by the new Windsor Airlift record. You're a huge inspiration.
In the song Free Fallin, I always thought that the second line said "She loves cheez-its" instead of "She loves Jesus"
Today's tip: Try high intensity interval training once or twice per week. It can be very beneficial for pushing you through a plataeu.
only if you come along...
yep yep
If you didn't tweet it, it didn't happen. :)
Happy mothers day to all mommas our there hope you all have an amazing day today RT if you love your mom
We'll be looking for you in Indy next week at Consona Connect. Find us just down the street from the JW. 301 W. Washington St.
lol that pic is too creepy
Don't complain about things you can't change. It's a waste of time. Don't complain about things you can change. Change them. -me
This season has been stellar. The best part is seeing the maturing/maturation of Neal and big steps taken by Geno. Grew a lot as a leader.
Low Budget Drinking 101: Swing in for #HappyHour for 2-for-1’s on anything ‘til 7, and stay for our $10 tap beer special tonight!
Someone must know RT do you know when the fish fry places does free fries? What week in the month is that?
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
why, oh, why did I make a 7:30am appt? think I got about 2 hrs of sleep *yawn*
#arcadefire - thoughts on The Suburbs?
that's convenient! We'll see you back soon then.
RT : I love body pump!! The teachers/music are the best & a full body workout in 1 hour! Whats not to like?
Congrats Padres! Keep up the gr8 work - UR making all of SD proud :)
Yo mamma is so hairy you almost died at birth.
watching Mommy Dearest for the first time. the mom is waayy beyond a bitch -_______- #sadmovie <l3
Everyday is mothers day for my mom. We enjoy each other company. Lunch, Dinner, shopping, travel, spa are not once a year, it's the norm :-)
haha! Poor #JohnStewart, this song is not in his key!
We have that and it is AWESOME.
I wonder If I could do 100 home without gettin a ticket?! Cuz I'm sleepy as fuck
you love Emma! And denying it just proves your drunk.
Twilight 3am is also a good time. You get up feeling really healthy.
Success and happiness are not matters of chance but choice.-- Zig Ziglar
Thanks! Have a great weekend as well.
Nude Madonna photo from Steven Meisel's Sex sessions up for sale - Fox News
Watching J Lin for the first time. #Beast!
6 years later, & i are still going out for pancakes in the middle of the night together.
It's finally here!! Can't wait to watch the game tonight! Already have my purple sparkly ugg boots on in support! #GeauxTigers ;)
You had better get busy it looks like and quit tweeting to about the dog show.
I think it is awesome that so many of the Microsoft team innately understand the need for Citations in Govt like
just popped over to with a chipload of snacks for the party tomorrow... is excited to attend!
Same could be said for "sleep" :) RT "irrelevant, sometimes confusing" re: the internet effect on time zones
lol its crazy! "I can fly-- oh crap!" xD
So after about 20min of rockn and the last song ends he closes his door starts the engine and drives off! He wasnt waiting for anyone! haha
should be, I'll show you how to use hashtags at
Fuck taxes I just just boss'd up and put the whip on big rims and 4 tens in the trunk
What happens when narrative fragments charged with game-play is the best path? What does the book offer then?
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs. ~Bill Gates
Thanks for visiting and for checking in on . How was everything?
Thank u! Tues, 11/8 u can vote 4 me 4 the new Mayor of The Smiley Morning Show on Facebook! Don't vote 4
Five days 'till in the #Miltown with and Whoot whoot!
Amazing! RT : Just realized the 1st time I saw Henry Taylor's work was same day I met in LA.
RV Dinettes = the worlds most uncomfortable seating!
RT : Folks- read Ira Katznelson's book "When Affirmative Action was White" then talk about "fairness" & "meritocracy."
Happy Mother's Day ! You're an amazing wife & awesome mother 2 our kids! You're my best friend & I'm so thankful for you!
The song Some Nights by the band Fun. is a great study tune.
Natural Health Magazine Annual Subscription Just $3.99 » Coupon ...: If you are looking to get in to more organic eating and natural ...
I know I'm in the South b/c I can see the giant Waffle House sign from my motel room window.
#iThankGod that I'm blessed enough to be healthy and Alive !
": Zimmerman's wife says she doesn't agree striking a police officer in 2005 is an "incident of prior violence."" Really?
#PLEASE #PLEASE #PLEASE #PLEASE reply to me. I need to ask u somethingzz...
who are you talking about?
Flying Dog @ Camden Yards this season
The Timex Sinclair 1000 was the most successful computer ever, that cost less than $100, that is.
dl a task killer too my dude.
Anyone else getting direct messages from people saying someone is posting nasty things about you?
all this sht is new to me im learnin to behave
Tonight I'm on my bay shit. Bout to be on this silly shit. Find a yung cutie and maybe toy with his feeling a bit.
White people come in all shapes and sizes.
Kid Sister - Right Hand Hi - 05:55 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
We'll have to do a duet sometime.
If you have time, I recommend a side trip to Valparaiso. It's beautiful, and as I remember only a couple hours away.
Thank you... you are so kind :)
ha I think it'll be fine
Thanks to all participants in Tuesday's CampusCloud iSem! If you have more questions about CampusCloud please email
whenever u put them pictures on twitter tag me in there
We have $2 tall boys of Bud & Labatt + $5 Bloody Mary's during the game!
Girl u got me on statue reading that.
oh my goodness can you imagine haha
It's rude not to acknowledge a tweet to you
hey yo we should double date some time -- and i miss you terribly!
Dusty Sunshine's new CD is featured in our locals only "Must Haves" section. No kooks! JK. I just love a surfing reference in the desert.
Don't ignore video games, study them. Alan November
And I'm trying to eat a bag of chips with no water at the same time!
Pretty sure I just saw the ending of a homeless guy turf war!
nothing AT ALL im so boredd lolol
RT:: Don't u love it when a cable company makes u wait ALL DAY & never shows up? Thanks, Verizon!>>sounds like comcast
And I haven't rode the the bus in nearly a month.
Mike Holmgren's joining the Brown. This is a good move for the franchise, as it rebuilds the organization from the ground up.
Rule 8 - evolve and adapt to thrive. Nothing stands still - best of the best always change. Cardinal Rule from ,
Aww , you need a phone . What if you Get kidnapped or something ?
if anyone knows of a meeting space avalable to a #nonprofit for free that is open around 8 AM in #roc, let me know pls (tall order, right?)
Da next big thing in Hip Hop, Get at me....
Cleaned like never before. Mr. Clean, move on over!
It's nice to have some chops but it's never good to over play when all the instruments are vibing together...
Medium. I'm 5'8" but it might be gone by 8pm
Heading to Vegas on Saturday. I don't know if I'm excited yet. My favorite part of traveling is taking off on the plane <U+2708>
so we can get a beer tomorrow night is what you're really saying?
is too kind:)
No worries about location. Belltown folks know how to hail a cab. We'll keep an eye out for a gig that works and check it out.
Forgot how late games come on here. Sheesh!
Enjoying my lunch hour outside!
jbsbarbie is back
Agreed : Keller, of doing a fantastic job moderating/conversing with
u up
Hell yeah!!
So the bulls got out in the first round by the 76ers
With one year of film on him, is anyone else excited for Cam Newton to take a few steps back?
Thanks for pulling your Rush advertising dollars!
70% sure I saw at the Albertina Kerr 5k this morning. #fitness!
My paycheck is already spent before I even get it
I hate when Austin does a good afternoon tweet... I want a good morning tweet to make my mornings. Better
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up. ~ Ogden Nash
Ewww, I found spray paint on my arm. And it's the textured kind...
I BET I LOVE HER MORE THN YOU!!(: #followme? <33
Totally hilarious and somehow, not surprising...
Truly Mad Doctor #DoubleFeature This #THURSDAY at 9:30pm ! Feat. Dr. Phibes Rises Again & U.S. Premiere of Dr. Gore!
is loving this weather.
please check out our promotional music video for our upcoming FEATURE FILM 'THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG' PLEASE SUBSCRIBE AND LIKE
Adam Yauch Died :(
of course. just put something in the subject to remind me this conversation started on Twitter
Blazers have international lineup on floor: france, new zealand, spain, australia & Luke Babbit.
Do one thing. Do it well. Do it better than anyone else. Do it for less.
I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could just be yourself. When did we turn so judgmental?
is coming for you! Pinning in
Just finished submitting to I have a good feeling about this one
oh wow this is my 900th tweet im officially a loser lol xD <3
RT if you are Gemini
When I'm depressed... I look at old pictures of you and I and remember how we used to be.... I miss those times....
gotta love that! I went to a near-vacant Home Depot at 6 pm before heading to our Super bowl shindig myself.
Dont forget that this upcoming Tuesday is Feb 14th.....also known as Valentine's Day! We will be open all day (Happy Hour starts at 330) :)
follow me!!! tweet tweet!
The day I wear a silk shirt and heels to work, I'm assigned an outdoor liveshot about the stormy weather.. just got pun'k by the news gods
Of course.. I will have a lonely valentine's day:(
we've been snacking on your leftovers all day! thanks so much again for coming
Watching "Sucker Punch" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hi Kelly-- Great to meet you and to follow you as StarWrit in the Tweet forest; I am at
“: I love 's new car commercial!!! Hahaha #housearrest” haha me too love!!
cooking for days
;) miss you brotha. Let's go to a Dallas game<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I agree! The 8's are sick
NEW IN FEBRUARY .......COUPLES MASSAGE ROOM! SCHEDULE YOUR COUPLES MASSAGE TODAY!
"Religion is pervasive in politics that it inhibits progress; should we reconcile or destroy dogma in 21st Century?
Also, new Regina Spektor!
I am READY, let's run!! Go Trojans, FIGHT ON!
Austin fundraiser for includes attorney described having "larger impact on the 78th Legislature than many representatives did."
Nah, I had a great day, just irony in life . . . makes me want to bang my head
Heat lead at the half 55-44. Every successful team needs and has a leader; I'm not sure the Knicks have a leader.
God Morning!
hahaha yeah I just gave up on homework. The internet won. haha
#imissyouwhen I find myself in an awkward situation, that you would "get"..
You can nominate a photographer or request your portfolio to be considered for the APA Memberships being awarded. DM us or .
please please follow me please please please
Mine is singing tenor on that song. RT : "Is it lunch time yet?" —My stomach, daily, ever four minutes, starting around 10:30am.
follow back???
“ Why be an unfriendly bartender? You are only screwing yourself.”
ESPN went from sucking off the Yankees and Red Sox in the past to the Rangers and Angels this season.
Tks for the props! I keep RTing Let me just suggest you follow them for great info on #Indiana properties...
Just got home from vegas!!!
Here's to heartache and turning it to art.
Good thing they covered that this session. It's had a drastic effect on the state budget. Texans can breath easy.
the milwaukee dancing grannies - best. thing. ever.
good and you ?
Nope, was able to log even more miles #running outside. Sorry winter, no hard feelings?
Love all my followers :)
Anyone use NetGalley for the Kindle? Can anyone tell me why my docs may not have been delivered, despite following all the rules?
goin to dinner with my older sister, her family and parents... <3 glad we're going to a Mexican place, been cravin it forever! =)
hahahaha! I better fix that
Chips, Salsa, and TV.
Sean Hannity is a diehard democrat speaking the truth about the DNC and Democrats. I'm sure it's true. Why wouldn't it be?
Just dropped my #MacBookPro :( Still kickin' though!!!!!! :)
Thanks for folowing
I have a few with you doing gymnastics
WHY are my customers not getting shipping options!?
Avoid processed fats such as found in most salad dressings and sweets
i love you ! #BeliebingUntilMy<U+2665>StopsBeating ! Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much !!
Excited to be here! Lots of good convos happening, don't wanna miss this!
Busta Rhymes performs tonight at Marquee
what mailer doesn't? Mine does (evolution)
i was trying to say you make other peoples day lol
Come to Houston, Patrick. Lot's of great places for bbq.
think getting kicked early affected him?
Dang! POPO be all up in NONO! Maybe is listening!
I liked it.
Brett Keisel's beard and 'stache are pretty impressive. He looks like Ernest Shackleton when he came back from the South Pole.
I can promise you one thing, we're all gonna die.
Attention aspiring DJs: please start mixing Dubstep with Booty-House and call it "BootyStep." Thank me later.
In the 222. You know what that means
I'm glad you came...
agreed. I'm not surprised she made that decision. and I agree-- Brooks creeps me out
#DerrickRose see you in 2013. Rehab summer.
Amazing conference turn of events: Terry Eagleton performs self-authored comic ballads about Yeats and Joyce
#bourbon slushies are most certainly in heaven... but sounds like you're close! ;)
I'm quite happy that there are so many grammar nerds forcing the trend of I Dnt Need A Lot, but If I Had a Gun is freaking me out
Haha! Reese hasn't gotten anything yet--just mommy!
": My youth director >>" has waaaayyyy yonder to much energy
you forgot you can also get a quote for a bathtub fitter, a dry basement, and put multicolored sand in a bottle.
still trying to figure this thing out...
My internet keeps going out...and I cant talk to my babe...Dumb >.<
And Here He Go Flirting! Let Me Get Off Before I Go TF Off On Him! He'll Just Never Learn
Fire Andy. Is Tom Coughlin on the chopping block too? Its looking more and more like the Cowboys are taking over this division.
Life's too short, gotta live it long ~
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "What's for you is for YOU! And NO ONE or NOTHING can take it away from you"
<------ the best in Houston or mo city...lol
Ha Ha came at my neck! RT " yo this chick going in homie #AintGotNoRespect"
What happened with Rondo?
Just out of couriosity has a girl ever beat you at a video game?
Then so will I, and no one will care about either : Donald Trump will make an announcement tomorrow pertaining to the Presidential race
Consider my mind blown. Where is this place?
(Via ) What you may not be aware of is that within every idol in Grodd's image is a mind control device. -Word
morning samuel(;
Come see us at HT! We want to help you get your #rockofagesmovie pre-shoot tan!!!
luckily a can away with mock relaxers which I do with conditioner and it takes 1/3 of the time!! Haha, cheater
Everyone please check out Xavier T- Musgrove October 29,2011 at Evangelistic C.O.G.I.C 442 EL SEGUNDO BLVD. LOS ANGELES CA, @ 6:00 P.M.
#ThingsIHate: girls that take photos at certain angles to make themselves look thin..
From there people will just magically love their clothing name so much they will spend heavily on the clothing collection
the books as decor thing struck me as so ridiculous that it didn't register as provocative. It just felt too obvious somehow.
What ever happened to apologies?
Thank you Daniel. Have a great day.
Never wait on someone that has no intentions on doing the same for you.
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 4 Hall of Fame members made up the group "The Highway...
Good morning yall!
Nice!! Who done it?
the accoustic version of one time is amazing(: your great
Just downloaded the action movie FX app from creator an filmmaker J.J. Abrams an his production team bad robot. I'm going to enjoy this app
Aw that looks like what's her name. Chances are it's what's her name.
Guys, pray for Luwana...this girl needs our blessings.
My doc is old school, so no church with the baby for 6 wks. Hubby went. And I hope he's bringing me donuts...
High Top Fades
RT : They may forget what you SAID, but they will not forget how you made them FEEL. Carl Buechner
Teacher's pets <<<
Looks like Christmas is coming early this year... GWB will be in the studio tomorrow to record a NEW song! Stay tuned...
I know, I'm so excited. And I'm going the 7/6 since is only an hr away! :)
You are what you eat...
Watching #10 Wisconsin vs. Indiana (Wildcard Game) on
Ahead of you could really start establishing financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
I get jealous super fast -___-
SO glad the rain is over! Looks like a beautiful day for my #photography class !
Sometimes, no matter how much you love someone or something, it's healthier to just let them go, so you can survive.. Just sayin'...
Happy Friday tweethears....all my fellow Cowboys and Bowling fans!
History is the human story; tell it like it's a story. Adora Svitak at
I cant take my eyes off of you :D # LOVE
Looking for additional art instructors in SF. Dancers, painters, theater teachers, musicians...etc.
u prob r not
Registration opens March 23rd. Yargh! Too soon!
Maybe I can lure you into Android in Ed believer? :)
At least you are now on the bus.
Notice it says MY Steelers BUT not MY Ravens n hashtagged Steelers n not Ravens..discussion on relev of Bengals to BOTH teams...
#BooksChangeMe #Copia LOTR as a kid. The Road (McCarthy) Journey To The Edge of Night (Celine) (via ). Amen. Blood Meridian too.
Up and ready for a powerful day/week of service in Lil Haiti Miami Florida.
imma make you my bitch.
So shut up shut up shut up
#FortMyers, If you feel as though you are being mistreated at work, call the Law Office of Geralyn Noonan!
Psyched to have an iPod again
You guys never fail to put a smile on my face:)
The most shocking thing about seeing what my federal clients make is correlating that w/what they wear to work.
Sweet potato
-- Happens every year ... at least since 2010.
Breaking Entertainment News, RT: Merger of SAG-AFTRA approved, AFTRA: 86% yes; SAG: 82% yes. Proud to be a member of both SAG and AFTRA!
And you never wanna leave my side, as long as I don't break these promises.
Doug Collins on KG: "We tried to put some strength on him. ... We tried to take away his rhythm shots."
That's ok! I'm here to chat about books anytime.
You have more dick in your personality than in your pants.
Whoever said wearing non prescription nerd glasses was cool LIED - they make you look like a fool #stopit people
Where is hotel restaurant lunch buffet, please?
It's only 6:30am and Dropbox has been pissing me off for over two hours now
Hoping to see my fellow #Pittsburgh marketers at 's Digital Marketing Summit tomorrow evening with and
aye bro you ratchet
This nation is run by the citizens that are concerned enough to cast their vote.
First thunderstorm of the year
Oh no. Keep going. You look smarter by the second.
Slept practically all day & I'm still sleepy. Oh gosh..
sounds good! I'll be right over! Lol :-P
We will get them next game keep your heads up!
Youth Anti-violence town hall meeting tonight for parents. Silver Spring Neighborhood Center 6pm.
Hello, Hypomania? It's Me, Newt: politipsych.com/?p=273
Yes I'm 15. Yes I plan on getting a tattoo that says strength. Don't judge me.
Pizza for breakfast was AWESOME!
fell down the steps last night and im in extreme amounts of pain :( i wish i had a nice caring bf to help me..but no im single cause fml :(
Stop screaming desperate and attention.You're not three.It's not cute.
Keep playing with me KEEP PLAYING.
How are either of these more "confessional" than their male corollaries? That feels like a sexist category to begin with
I'm in the studio off the early..... dnt 4get the show on the 24th. Check ur events
if you can figure that one out you could make a lot of $. Then again nobody's done it for any form of advertising though.
true dat my dude
I'm just up watching Romeo and Juliet.
"infinite possibilities"-Ricky Williams has a very imaginative mind, he reminds me of Ricky Henderson.
Hi William. Things are good. Can't complain! Come by the studio sometime!
Wasn't the feature nice? Totally enjoyed the whole Cuisine Issue!
The Academy Awards deliver much more than Oscar statues to the celebrities that attend the event.
Thanks for letting me know--should be fixed now.
My goal was to eat & drink everything by Sunday. Now I may have to spread it out to next week.
thanks Jim! We're really looking forward to some feedback!
I didn't notice lmao I just liked it soo now we have 2 matching charms :D
total package
I talked to Patti earlier. Sorry you had such a bad day! Tom will be better
Rx bandits tomorrow night at granada. Have a feeling I will be alone.
Loving the new Pearl Jam & David Gray - looking forward to DG next month in Boston & NYC
Yeaahh i would be doing stupid sheet around this time lol
awwwe. Great. I was telling him I have family in Melbourne and I have to get down there sometime soon
corned beef an cabbage , and reuben sandwiches will be at Billys for the whole week . we are doing st patty's day right !
Want to create change in your life? then finish this sentence I Will... and do it! Join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
always good to see you!
Hopefully soon! But pointed out the "coincidence" of you moving to the same city as Tim Tebow.
L A L A L A FRIDAY July 29 LiVe performances @ Varsity Lounge 6311 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90048
I'm not gonna find out. People going crazy over free cake and balloons. Old guy was yelling at meat cutter.
I'm listening to "Pretty Wings" by MAXWELL
Thank you for the follow!
Behavioral economics in action, check out
Much closer to Harold and Maude or maybe you can find two more and be like Sex in the City
NOAA - National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Im at jumping the hurdles of lib tchers collaboration. Where r u?
that wikipedia is almost always the first hit for learning about a math or stat concept is one of the internet's subtler cruelties
Congress is taking action to ensure the backcountry of Pennsylvania and Virginia are protected during the duration of the war.
Downtown, with an appalling number of overalls? #fratfit or #halloweencostume?
allergies are especially bad today...
Austin cracked 90 degrees for the first time today... Joy.
Rehearsal tomorrow!! Super amped!!!!
You are very welcome :)
nope. Did we miss something?
Check out coverage of Tour de France on Versus Some of the best sports coverage (and scenery) you will ever see.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> nombre girl that's not good at all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> that's what happened to me too well I had to drop! This semester we have to get on the
And that's no bueno! :o
Tweet me if you decide to try , I'll try it with you
That thunder lasted 30-40 seconds easily. This is incredible.
It's Walker and the Fat Man live from Wisconsin... LOSERS!!!
Dear stomach, you're bored, not hungry ...shut up.
Hey Muffins. D Swan heads to Utah in a day or so, so if you wanna hang before then, shoot the Swan a message and let's hang.
make sure to follow our director, on twitter!
great new video!!!!
Ain't nothing sexier den a chick getting her cake up especially when she already got a mean shoe game
imma cubs fan, but i love you and dusty. whats it like to play for him? also, whats it like to arrive at the ballpark every day?
Many thanks to for the traveler profile! It looks great.
Oops! Apologies.
seriously?! MSI?! Awesome.
Thanks for reading, !
Where you going aapl
Playing tomorrow night at the Texas All Star Big Band Bash in Fredericksburg, TX!
RT : prepare to be blown up, I hope you like cats. HAHAHA!!! >> Bring em on! :P
u were great tonight and was great to meet u and get pics w/u i'll post them in a min wish i made it to the after party <3
I wish debates were really like this.
I have been working on this papeer for like 2 and a half hours and I've only managed to write 3 paragraphs. well at least I'm half way done!
Up watching on "A Day in the Life". Dude is and has been a HUGE inspiration in my life and career thus far.
and im home....alone
Oh my. What's that thing in the sky shining light and warmth on everything?
are you going to be an angel?
i view it as being precisely about misogyny rather than being misogynistic
They got money for the war but can't feed the poor
cheering on my Kentucky Wildcats today!!!
so flipping sick of this shit
I mean no, if ur reading this why aren't u at watching a show right now??
I keep reading about this greek yogurt I might have to have it for a bed time snack-lol
ecology definition
#Orioles going with 7:15 start
I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap. Bob Hope
Good luck! Teaching RM to employees was one of my favorite things to do...also one of the scariest. :)
But not before I answer these 2148 emails.....le sigh
Greed, aversion, delusion.
I love big long black dicks in my mouth
Gonna be on Fox 13 news tomorrow mornin(:
lol yeah I grew up in TX. I live what these ny niglets want to be. Lmfao.
Dear Parents, its time to realise that One Direction isn't just a band. They're your future son-in-laws, so start respecting them :)
wow i feel like i haven't been on twitter in FOREVER!!! meanwhile i was only gone from it 1 day haha
Next week, Improv class!!!
I did! I recommended you to be in one of the magazines<3
You can use the feedback link on the page to get the ball rolling. But I'll email you.
Yay! Passed last exam for #EMC Velocity Systems Engineer. Had to complete it by today.
Today's mostly cloudy, breezy w/ rain & #snow showers and a high of 54°F. Love it!
Oh God, I am 44, and I must have aged beyond my years. LOVED her stuff as a kid. LOL I
well thank you :)
Celebrating my 10 year anniversary with the love of my life, ;)
Just started myself. Lots of singing tonight, finally!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf - Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf (live updates)
You must be taking the flavor train to flavor town.
rogue video? i don't know anything about that. and i definitely will not be putting it on youtube soon. nope.
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME<U+2755>
I'm doing my own investigation into these supposed "Thamel friends"
in the lab with fare
Wow. Just got the meanest letter from a #smps member about my writing. Point taken, I'm done contributing.
I look for them to loosen it up some this half.
: Brick thrower happened. 200 super edgy (especially after bricks) riot cops. All I asked for was a medic and streamer or two.
thnx for replying, will definitely go thru the qtr. Appreciate it.
Thanks for following i followed back :-)
Louisville can't survive on circus shots.
We offer top notch legal work at a reasonable rate. Stand up for your rights! Call us today for a free consultation ~ 619-338-9500
Just condensed my email down from 793 to 50. Next stop: my post-spring training/opening homestand desk clutter.
I had a feeling the giants would win =P
i cannot believe I am actually out of that van. my best to all my #thatcamproadtrip peeps. Will we ever hear from DHZombie420 again?
I heard darkness comes before dawn. I googled it and your picture came up
should have grabbed some lunch today!
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or jump out of the way!
At Cental Library we have every issue of JS, in print and microfilm. Yes, you can make copies of film for 25cents each.
I voted=) Q~is this a one time only vote, or once a day vote?
Dude, it's christmas! Merry Christmas! I can't wait to see my gift!
#cougartown tonight, #happyendings tomorrow, and my new favorite show #community on thurs (<-- that's for you ). Life is good
not really sure what this means... but OK!!! ;p
& all the other boys. They're all so... Normal. <3
You're going to have so much fun! RT : Yes from July onward RT Well you'll be in nyc right?
Oh my #BOYFRIENDvideo was #perfection :) good job definitely a different side of you... That I love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
trying to study...but designed personal business cards instead...
Oh that sucks... I figured if the us will let me play anyplace could lol
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> I've been working on a few paintings for a couple shows I'm in during the summer, but will get back to drawing soon!
- Just for the record, and I are not... happy.
all new kardashian season tomorrow! :)
even tho the bounce back seeming like magic...
you need to have kids. its the greatest thing in the world.
Shout out to my bro 3rd place in his race. Lol what the fuck have y'all done so far today
This is random I didn't mean to start a tweet to you...well yeah...um bye love x
#fridaylistens This Charming Man by Keyes - a fun read and I love the Irish setting
Missing grandson found--OK. Thanks for the prayers.
I'm very happy with how my NIT bracket is shaping up.
That's a lot of barrels. Nice find!
#BraxtonFamilyValues oh boy they need a hair stylist and to let them wigs go! FB which sister has the worse hair/wig?
Are you looking to buy/sell a home???
lol well I guess ur pocket no fun den ;)
Just thought of something fuck lol I still havent been by the lab
returns from Denver Saturday, & we get to work rehearsing. We'll be posting new dates this week in WA, OR, CA, & Europe!
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
HEY, he's my ride! #justsaying haha.
I love AP classes.
I wanna watch hunger games already <U+2639>
how do you distinguish feelings from thoughts?
thanks for RTing! How are you doing?
yes ryan is extremely good looking and got a great peronality too shame is is taken ;)
Ultima IV probably inspired me more than anything else to become a programmer
Gotta keep my bible, why o why must I just keep on sinnin
Thanks! And Me Too!(:
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <U+263A>
"My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward."
Lori is a twat
Are you riding Reach the Beach on May 19? What are you most looking forward to?
Wish I could come! RT : At book signing at Barnes & Noble in Round Rock. Come see us!!
you guys are winning but aren't being overpaid as much as others have been. It could be a lot worse.
..with those Nike descriptions of the jerseys. As DD said so rightly, the best advertising creates a nostalgic calamine..
She don't have all her crayons in a box. Out of a pack of 24 she only has 4 and non of them are primary colors.
I feel the same way, even though I was upset we passed on quizz on draft day. ATL should be a great fit for him though
hey wuts up! ;)
About Me - Maxyphotologo
Easy--our collections are awesome! Also, back in October we were one of just a few institutions on
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Home (Silverlake) - American (live updates)
I feel like 'stereotypical New Orleans girl' tonight.
How many more students were there in 2011 than a decade before?
Aw she text me with a Goodmoring text #howcute :)
I agree
resolving some technical issues website. please stand by.
All my friends always worrying bout boys and I say you dumb. Live life say f them and do your own thing. So much better.
Hope your flight was good and you're having fun!
see this, if he hasn't deleted it yet
Went outside for lunch to enjoy this gorgeous DC day and got empanadas for free at Farragut Square. Winning!
When I grow up.. I wanna ride around in limos,I want to fill up the stadiums,I want 2 pound them in2 submission..I want to be a RockVillain!
Oh, forgot Mad Men is back tonight! Unfortunately, there is no way I'll be able to stay up for it. Thank goodness for the DVR.
Chances of me doing anything at work today are about hahahahahahahahahahaha%.
The things I agree to do...I should have brought beer :-)
good morning
How is everyone on this lovely Friday? Going to see any concerts this weekend?
Really confused but not
so, you are saying that it's awesome...
It's not a grammy but we can make U a trophy out of aluminum foil? Get back to Wisconsin soon! More roof top BBQ's! Congrats!
When We Boldly Declare Our Rights, Demons And All Satanic Forces Must Flee!!!!!! www.nickywooten.com
Okay, gotta admit, that Philip Phillips' cover of "U Got It Bad" was pretty damn sexy.
my morning is shot to hell! Tunein app not working. Can't blast your show in San Diego and lmao!
Next 2 days off work
Coupons via text
#wecanttalk if u don't put out. I have homies to talk too.
$3.50 all milwaukee brewing co taps and great lakes distillery cocktails at lo-cash tonight for the carpetbaggers/alcoholmanac party!
“The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.” - Rollo May
Theres a history between, guys like him & girls like me. Cowboys & Angels. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
So everybody know it... RT “: Laff you too <U+263A>”
dancin in Negril. just listen like it.thanks for sharing.
Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out. ~Italian Proverb
Headed back to the Nati for one of my favorite conferences & visit w family. And #Graeters ice cream.
Renton weather station doesn't have available records & the COOP station is missing info too!
Room # 76 just freed up for tonight and tomorrow. Call 773.276. 7110 to book!
Welcome to the good life! MT : Grabbed my first growler of your beer this weekend
You already know what im doing .! Ahyo
ha ha...just promoting man
This spring I am committed to throwing away any underwear that pre-date my 9th grade perm - starting today with my order
Stop by today at 4pm and see Steve James, director of The Interrupters, speak ! RSVP here: on.fb.me/zdHJHj
Long story short we ended up with 5 candles, cologne and Christmas decorations.
nicki minaj fan base is ridiculous on some justin bieber shyt the uk called her licki minaj and that shyt trending smh wow lol
Thanks for posting!
#IfItWasUpToMe weed would be legalized right now
Hey jacked magician... Please practice your bowling pin juggling somewhere other than the only available raquetball court. We'd like to play
thanks for RT, Justin! That arena was rockin, eh? GO WINGS!
Looking forward to watching do his thing tonight at "Show your Roots Comedy Show" at St Marks Theatre.at 10:30pm!
Representing on my new fancy internets phone
A show of your choice...check our FB page for more info!
Awkward scene . . .
You can't escape judgement.
moneys tight ): but i should be starting this again in a few years (: xoxoxo i love you emileee~
"pursue on purpose" -- I like it. Will have to steal that one from you!
What's with the butterflies today? I hit a million of them driving home. Why don't they just fly over the top of my car? There not smart
QFT “: The best part about being in advertising now is that we can truly prove what we do, works. Chris Weil #transformLA”
LOL--nope. I know nothing about that at all. I've heard the buzz, of course, but that type of lit doesn't interest me.
RT : Get WET @ Bourbon Street TONIGHT! Fashion Show presented by MANKIND
“: That's home run No. 10 for , #Athletics and #Rangers tied 4-4 in the 7th.”
Burn the corsets! No, nor do you save the whalebones. You will never need whalebones again. ~Elizabeth Phelps, 1873, in What to Wear
I love ALL my followers , because I know they're beliebers like I am <U+2665>
Right, if I did that? Only 5 miles this AM
Tio. Are you using this or not? How do you spell Montreal? C-O-L-D.
Off to school -.-
Today til 8pm - 4x6 flyer design (double sided) - only $65!! - (Normal price is $85) - order at MWWDesigns.com & mention this post!
There was 8 million collective action to stop SOPA just yesterday on Wikipedia alone!
Just got the new emoji<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00BC><U+2620><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0093>
I noticed u wear the same shirt in every Believe show. In fact u wore it when i went in March 2010. Is it lucky or something?Bri
Hi how you bee! I watch your family's show and you all are hilarious!
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
You faggots are so indirect w/ each other, SHUT UP AND DATE ALREADY! Fuck yall irritate me w/ ur constant tweeting
ok just call me.!
Mitt Romney go away with your rich self!
Hi can someone tweet me because in bored and i dont know what to do:)
It's too bad that everyone who has a solution for everything is at home commenting on the internet.
Are you listening to folks talk about Lena or watching the American Masters movie? Tweet and tell us your thoughts.
I'm the luckiest bibliographer in the world.
I've been in the lab cooking like Walter F'ing White.
haha. i'll see what i can do. do you remember ricktalifeonahorse.com though?
Me? Oh nothing, just watching The Room, THE WORST/MOST AWESOME MOVIE EVER MADE. C'mon , we need a blu-ray of this!
sneezing and driving. now, that shit should be illegal!
NSNRT has externships for vet students and continuing ed opps for practing vets to share s/n techniques and tips.
you wish you could quit me.
words from a wise one:)
love the YouTube vids fellas..
Join Glen Hunt on May 9th - 1:00 at booth 5672 to discuss Mobile backhaul and the mobile packet core.
As a longtime reader/follower/fan of SS's, I'm glad he chimed in.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident. -
Twitter site tells me all. It's my favorite twitter client.
Oh NO. will win the 2/3 falls match.And be come 2time World Champ.
Well Deserved! RT : US radio update on #Breathing WE ARE #1 MOST ADDED @ Top 40! Thx 2 all the stations that picked it up!
Thanks for the follow!!!
I haven't texted anyone in like 3 days #whydoihavesomanyfriends?
hahahahaha no :P
Feels like an O'Malley/Cuomo/Biden race from here. MT : Who is going to be the 2016 Democratic nominee? cc:
Hey! You should check out ! www.myspace.com/goodluckjane then let me kow what you think! Thanks!:)
Whats Good, Where u Watching the game tonight
If you're mom ever heals you by saying, "sana sana colita de rana", you're definetly a Mexican
Perhaps not strictly for personal (like connecting with family on FB) but for career/professional visibility - yes
Hey it doesn't seem like you use this account. We would love to get it from you...
To the No. 1 Overall Pick in the #2012NFLDraft, Andrew Luck, WELCOME HOME! #Congratulations! We are sure you will make #Colts fans proud!
they wouldn't pass it so fast. It'd take awhile.
No lights, nuff said
haha. party in milwaukee!!
I gotta try those.
your niece.
Ugh me. LOL
RT : Still confused about what went wrong. Thought Diet Coke and Mentos was foolproof.
All these 1D tweets keep getting RT on my TL.... *pulls out gun* time to kill some bitches :)
Thanks for all the great memories Kirk. Will enjoy seeing u play on sundays!
is putting makeup on her FOUR YEAR OLDS!!!!! WTF?! She is such a CF.
Recreation Notes
well we have no choice, shop :) lol
Life is not meant to be lived waiting, life is meant to be lived Living.
Think I'm staying clear of all the #BlackFriday crowds today, they can get brutal
Stressing about the college process? Come to #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and sponsor will help you out!
shea is giving halvo the stink eye
Same here. I'm more concerned about the #Rays series after.
i wonder if my friends find me annoying
Jurors find rapper Torence "Lil Boosie" Hatch not guilty of first-degree murder in man's death.
Looking forward to meeting you!
Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring.
by the way, I know your real age....
Gosh tomorrow is going to be soo fun! Cant wait(:
STOKED! Getting my tax return money tomorrow!
very true!
HAPPY BIRTH DAY!!!!!! You black and you made it another year.....
Fall Conference today!Very excited about featured speaker Steve Walfish on Business of Practice & APA Public Relation's doing Media Training
Let's go Heels!!!
is super fucking awesome, though I've never talked to him before. He seems like a bad ass person to know.. That is all :)
Greetings from New Orleans, and thanks for the follow. Your mag looks super-cool! Csaba (CSCNOLO publisher)
Designing Omnidirectional Bifilar Helix Antenna for Circular ...
We walk in den we turnup......
Yeah... the "do something productive before doing some useless' rule is one to which I need to follow more faithfully...
don't forget to suck a random dude's cock
Like he calls gauges "gators". It's so cute!!
Shifman: Hundreds of 1000s of kids, mostly girls, are being prostituted every day in U.S.
Daam baby tone it down on the snoring lol u wurked hard as fuk huh??
Yes! Particularly lately for some reason.
hahahaha.... definitely. google searches for it probably went through the roof during that episode.
Elite Fashion Academy LA is getting ready to welcome new students to the academy!
you are crazyy, lady
A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher awakens your own expectations. ~Patricia Neal.
Church, preach.
3 weeks in the hospital not fun
Eating toast and cereal trying to not mess up my lip gloss..
Thanks for spoiling the season finale of Bones for me Mom.
It was a great TRX class at Sierra Fitness tonight!
is it true? is reporting that MCA died?
As someone turning 40 this year I hate you...
Are we related? In Spirit maybe?
Just entered to win tickets to #Kraftwerk at !
Don't miss out on seeing country singer tonight, 7p at Newport!
RT : Spandex should not be sold in plus sizes.
I'm spotting lots of baby cucumbers, eggplants and tomatos...summer should be tasty at !!
Are you suggesting we just let him die then? Christians should be on the leading of of human rights issues.
I so want to do a story on that! LOL.
Camarillo , California! We are performing tonight at Rock City Studios! Doors at 6!
•Marry for money, my little sonny, a rich man’s joke is always funny.~
#hiphoped just heard an argument that failed responsibility could not lie 100% on teachers
are siginificant others and drupalgangers welcome tonight at Fairfield Halls?
dont drop your blackberry in the bathtub
Is Courtney on Twitter?
laying in bed. Wanna text?
From now on, when the Red Sox come to town, they'll have to get dressed in Parking Lot A. They've lost locker room privileges.
Duke Realty Reports In Line
So start a new job officially on friday, wonder if That means I will have a new mic in two weeks <3
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. :')
Nothing is better then a night on the town in #Vegas !
Already misses The Bee and my amazing cast. I will miss being Olive, I so loved her. So bittersweet. But so proud of the work!
That is SWEET! Love it. Hey, late happy birthday, by the way.
Kicking off our #VIPSpring12 Networking Event with some opening remarks from Clare Leinweber & Chris Laing
Truth finds no asylum. - German Proverb
its when you put off doing things till the last minute.
There are good yarn shops in ABQ! (Not that I'm a knitter, just that I've been known to associate with knitters)
Follow us on Twitter
u should luv all of them
It no longer makes sense to be "second" in her life when you're good enough to be "first" in mine. Know what you're worth.
thanks girl!! I'm obsessed with cupcakes seriously...
Still love Rum Runners
Printers Ball was tremendous last night! We had a ton of fun, we hope y'all enjoyed the zines! Mad thanks to the organizers, you're heroes!
First you take a Jumbo jack then you take two tacos, whaddya get ... a serious earworm, Oh Man!
Penalties like this make me believe professional games are fixed.
This don't be an alcoholic talk every Friday is gettin old fastt -_-
I knew a girl that majored in business & psychology in college. For $100 she'd blow your mind.
Bout to talk the dog on a nature stroll through Fairmount Park...its a beautiful day!
had a fantastic session with yesterday, a great trainer. To steal one of her phrases... Go brain go!
Thanks a ton for the RT
:D where are you from?
Boxing has become America's tragic theater. Joyce Carol Oates
another #Toyota recall? Seriously?? has the answer for you! See my husband, Davian Robinson, and tell him I sent you ;-)
So sad to see this happen to MO I wish him a speedy return.
Guys I have some really bad news. I'll anounce at 10:30
hahahaha @ me! Ok i got it. I so thought u meant u cooked em to clear ur sinuses.
If you would create something, you must be something. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I think I had that same expression every time we scored a goal in FIFA.
Make sure to tweet! We want to know how you're solving the mission!
hi jasmine! :)
150 cupcakes baked, frosted and decorated...going to bed...
Have an amazing day !
My baby's coming over today <U+2764>
Tomorrow is an extra special TWOSday! Two for one piercings on the same person...OR TWO separate piercings on TWO different people! YEAH SON
This! RT : better treat her nice tomorrow Matt. Make up for ruining my day!
Ohh yess I tumbl like a champion. SO. EXCITED. FOR. COUG. WEEKEND. Sammers & I might go skydiving Friday morning lol
Good morning family! Today the Father's decree for you is to walk out destiny and execute purpose! Praying for you all!
I thought you weren't gonna tweet anymore
I'm not on staff, but I vote Chewwy....being that we're both big, brown and hairy
being in my 90's i play marbles daily still
this is #13. Pitt ENS: A bomb threat has been received for Thackeray Hall. The building is being evacuated.
i am following him now i tried a 2nd time u gomer
Best thing all day.
My fucking toe nail is falling off. LMFAO.
It's hard to be mad at Monday when the weather is like this. Especially towards the end of the day.
Millions of thanks to everyone for a beautiful birthday. You all mean the world to me. <3
I was thinking about having some QR Codes up at the exhibition. Mistake?
damn, hate depending or waiting on people. This is 2 days in a row my buddy forgot the disc I need -_-
You know you have a good relationship with a photographer when he already knows where you want to eat.
R Howard, Torii Hunter, and Prince Fielder
we partied too hard fml
“Style is the image of character.” -Edward Gibbon
my friday: a.m. swim, lobster rolls, hilar run-in w/jill zarin's mom, drinks hotel, steinbecks house, sunset beach
remarkably i was just about to tweet pedagogy of hope to you! alignment. perfect.
I would like to thank in Mobile, AL for #1 being a great station for many years and thanks for supporting The
The Boy With The Weenie Dog Tattoo
For as much as I loved the season by #Lions Matthew Stafford, I think #49ers QB Alex Smith deserved the AP's comeback player of the yr award
If I were a career zombie, I think my life would be fulfilling.
about to have an expensive burger at Bru. Good beer selection if I was imbibing.
Looking forward to spending my Gift catd! Big fan! Love a follow!
friday........happy friday
Somewhere over Pennsylvania on the way to NYC to find new looks for with
send me a brief bio for the intro letter, plz.
two followers for 1340 -- HELP
At a speed reading class. If I read more quickly, then I will have more time to play with my four kitties.
RT And of course the punch line: will he bring a horse on top of his car?
I should what? xD
I've got a few more grandparents alive, but they're getting older and I want them to live forever... sort of.
*dad runs to the store to buy gun* lmao
Several My Sweet Fall shows coming up, also be on the look out for some merch and new tunes soon!
Somebody??? Hello?? Talk to me??
Fantastic! RT : the project really deserves a nace award IMO
well, T is usually standing room only, so maybe we'll get overflow =)
There isn't even anybody here!!! What on Earth is going on in Midtown that is causing this?
you guys are all awesome and then there's me.. lol
it would seem so ;-)
Danze & Davis #Architects website to launch this weekend, we're getting pretty excited!
stitcher radio is a great app.
says #LPC is committed to having an open, dynamic, and transparent leadership contest.
I am getting a bit worried about the back line with the fouls and unbalanced play minus Seth
saw u on today, nice pic of u gettin loose against UL in the background!
well grouchy, what time are you picking me up in the morning?
Thanks to all who came to celebrate our 1st year! And thanks to all our fans and followers - keep reading!
thank u!!<33
honestly hating my life
I lurveee you!! you are awesome! ;) just saying lol. :D follow? xx
interview on in 5 min. Tune in!
Creating the #GuestList for our Miami Launch...are you on it?
I'm sure.
Highly recommend who rocked it for the HDS social media ambassadors club today! Many thanks Jay!
Whoa, I actually had completely forgotten your complex backstory! That's awesome
I'm blessed to coach our 4 seniors one last time tonight at 7:30 at Lebanon High School in the IN Elite North/South All Star game.
I'm seriously considering the Chicago Marathon after last week. Buying new shoes tomorrow!
I just finished teaching a class tonight on story and character development at Leasure Learning Unlimited.
Great time at Cal Poly Pomona earlier today! Genghis Cohen on Thursday!
haha. Purdue Calumet, extreme Northwest, right on the IN/IL boarder.
I'll see you in about 14 min
If that's the case then yes, tricks it is. I'll practice new ones for more entertainment.
Aww :-) RT : Happy mothers day all. I love you mum &lt;3
About to embark on this 6 hour drive to fresno, ca
Happy Birthday Kyle!
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'
where is mine?
Playing some #sc2 to clear my mind.
One of my cousins has cute friends <U+E415><U+E105> me likey
Yo bro what's up whould u be able to do a interview for my YouTube series In Focus With MJR I am a huge eagles fan
RT if you are excited to see us at Jonny Craig's comeback show!
QotD: "Can I have black peppers? 'you mean olives?' Yeah, those." - Johnathan Buell
Google Penguin Update: 5 Types of Link Issues Harming Some Affected Websites
Laziness is passable-to a certain point.
Idk if all my #FF's went through,
Go Weezer! They rock my socks off! lol
Thank you!!
Again, I'm sure you meant *when* we do anything awesome! We have in the studio tomorrow, come on by ;)
Great! Saw you on my tl so I felt compelled to say hello...
Enjoy your holiday, it's been a crazy year for you.
M.. Hungry for breakfast tacos already! Pick up some up on your way to work in the am from The Screaming Goat and be the office hero!
Doing the mall model thing again! #Stokedmuch :-)
Just caught Elephant Room last night! Wildly entertaining. Definitely my kind o' weird.
I wouldn't want it any other way, then with you by my side ,<U+2665>
#MyNextRelationship will result in marriage..not settling for less...No Rush though.
Ah, I just got the new twitter!
#WhoToldYou everytime girls are not in the mood, they are on PMS?
Dear You, Don't worry. Your grind and my grind aren't the same. You can like me...we aren't comp. Trust.
RT : , , , hosting "Neighborhood Beat", a free basic CPR and AED training on Janu...
That was an incomplete post. I accidentally hit publish and then took it down. The full post will be up sometime soon.
Yay Caps. Great goal, I think, because Comcast decided to cut out in the middle of that power play.
Oh look...there's a Criminal Minds rerun on A&E!
Just finished "The Divine Commodity" by after hearing him speak a month ago at #qportland. Highly recommend!
are going to take it to the Yankees tonight #justinverlander is just too much,
Jesus turned water into 5 Hour Energy, but it was edited in the bible because he got an alcohol endorsement
Frank Ocean is just a sappy ass nigga to me now ...
Emily is a crazy bitch!
hey ;o<3
Pancakes are really just an excuse to get as much butter and syrup into my mouth as possible.
We booked the venue and date for our launch of "Samples of Delirium". Stay tuned for more information in the following days. Its gonna be___
i think they had a fire alarm during exams last semester too. bad luck indeed.
Cross Fertilization: #AltDotNetMKE – full time Senior Developer position for a small Milwaukee company (ASP.NET MVC) for details
Niggas try to be so slick...
i'm about to go take my first test in Speech class. i hope it's as easy as the professor says!
LT feels weird being home
Excellent. Thank you.
Please check out pureobliteration.com join the conversation,... let me know what you think
Not yet, but I'd like to. Have you any recommendations?
Where did you go, to the actual audition address? doooooohhhhhh.......... #whyguapo?
I wonder when we'll get a #SOTU rebuttal from the sentient robot party.
(That thing where a book review is so good that you can't believe how lucky you are that the book that inspired it is on queue)
Turn up the music.
Low water crossings, school closures, delays, swift water rescues and powers outages. We have you covered with storm updates all morning.
In college, called crimestoppers to try to be in the reinactments on the news.They didn't need 20 yr old caucasians.
Did a little night training.
I'm going to lull myself to sleep listening to the
it really doesn't make sense to me...
yeah it stunk but I'm going back one day !
Yes, we have a new Chipotle sauce. DM me your address and I'll send you a sample.
“: Pussys on the pavement” Superbad!!!!! :D
Ok last one because I have to go to Yuri's flute concert
“ Hope it don't rain”
Thank you! It is my ultimate favorite picture of him!! :D How was your day? :)
except your calves “: Hey they eat Ham, we train H.A.M. #happyeaster”
yes. Do it
Levon Helm, drummer and singer for The Band, has died at age 71 >> Time to throw in "The Last Waltz", right ?
love your wall!!
how great is the sum of them! God' thinking of you and wants to bless you as many as the stars you can count in the sky! The key is to obey!
Energy Expo just ended at Two Rivers Conv. Center in Discover the emerging technology I learned about on News @ 5:30
Congrats to for a great game! Keep 'em coming!
Great beers & more drink options tonight as part of our deal. 3 for $12 buy in advance no sales at the door! .com
You have Jake for that ;) sorry Ally, blowin' up yo twittah d;
Thanks for the RT, Jeremy!
1st love and only love...
We support it fully and we Retweeted it. Did we tell you about our new program - Social Starts?
me me me to!
RT heading to Nashville this Wednesday to record 3 new songs and shoot another music video! so #excited !!!! :D
High school English and K-12 ESL.
You're welcome. Cheers.
i would be honored to escort you to glow in the dark mini golf, lmao
You keep me away from the tv for a day and this is what happens...Wow unbelievable upsets
hey I'm a fan
Ohmygod. Why are you guys in the same toilet? That's SO weird. But I still love you. Hahahah.
Belly shirt and shorts in school? Slut. Like outside of school, fine. But not in school.
I figured not but you get the point...
Fuck you bitch
Who's moving?
RT : I had more personal/intimate and engaging conversations with Flash devs at than any other conference. I like that
Make BFF's with them why don't cha! Haha
I wish there were more coffee / beer / wine cafes.
The #anchorauditions continue on News. Next up... !!!
#musetech experts: what are some examples of the best online museum exhibits? Thanks!
Oh that tricky JayPa!
are things going well with the paywall?
If you're westbound on 635 it may be more convenient to simply move to wherever your car is currently stopped.
thank you
has been invited to the semifinals for the Bucharest International Jazz Competition in Romania with Jon Massey, Jon Ludwig, and Juan Montoya
why cant a fine girl keep a man? poor #KimKardashian! money, good looks & a big ole booty do not guarantee success!
AH MY BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW! :D
bummer ... couldn't get the coupon to print :(
I love it when guys are open about things
what is up twitter?
I'm going to tweet 4 of my AMAZINGG followers today, just to see how you are all doing and to send some love <3
What does the aardvark call his dog?Aard-bark!
Coming from the #2SocialMediaConsultantInTheUS, your compliment about our social media means a lot, thanks!
There's a point in life when you get tired of chasing everyone and trying to fix everything.
Today my BodyBugg confirmed what I already knew but needed to see the numbers. Running gives you the best calorie burn per minute. Period.
I'm starving!
Stay out of this, #Mondovi Mark!
You're right, I'm so windows-tarded app-wise it's not even funny.
#thevoice good promo spot! I need a snickers now ....
If it came down to Batum or Wallace for Nash, who'd u pick?
im saying can u jus mention me lololol
We Got 2 New Co-Owners ! Expect More Tweets (; -Ally
Ugh, I hate mondays. -__-
It was so good! I want to watch more of the Cohen Brothers stuff.
its not that late pretty face
I think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays...
Booklist praises The Bolero of Andi Rowe: “Plummer’s...poignant stories bring alive one multicultural family yet speak universally."
Drummerfest at Cascio.....great turnout for some great artists.
Renew materials by phone? 24/7? Yes, you can! Renew your items by phone, check your account, holds & much more! Call anytime: 1-715-261-7209
Go follow him!
:D i'm to happy. That pinky promise made my entire night. :)
says it might rain tomorrow. But that's alright - we have a roof over our heads :) So stop by & shop around.
Can you plz plz plz do a concert here in San Antonio i cant really go out of town lol plz mention it to :) <3
I swear every time I walk past one of these space appliances in my house, it beeps at me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Bears need David Decastro from Stanford top lineman in the draft!
I just got to work 2 hours ago and I already feel like Punchin people in the face .
MarkC Morning..the time is 6.30-_- I have red eyes ! So tired Ezell.
won't have to! They just dropped him. Thanks Netflix!
Do you need hairspray that keep you looking good all day? Herbal Essences Body Envy Volumizing Hairspray is for YOU!!
go get 'em #37..... your turn for the big pick off Matt Ryan!
what is the call in # tonight ? Love to ask about selling Hercules' rights to someone for allocation $
Haha im so pumped!
Man every where you go I run in to people on probation
It's the weekend, lets do opposite of other cities and go from a big city to a small city to party. Madison, bitches.
Highlight of the night. How are you so good?
you guys are going to gradbash today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
¡Hola Hooliganita! Beautiful pics. Thank you for following me <U+2665>
Ugh. I can't fight with this anymore.
I'll need a nap today. Did fall asleep again though. 15 minutes before the alarm went off.
Follow my tweets! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
Not defending Vilma, but to find through Sportscenter... so wrong! smh
The Feeling you get when you get a new pair of shoes aow
The truth is... I really don't care about how you fucked your life up, don't come to me with that bull shit
send some of your work
Although I will miss our Cold Brew Iced Coffee when it's gone, I am so looking forward to fall and the yummy things associated with it!
Action Central !
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there :)
good for you
most beautiful sound in the world... Besides an A10 warthog blazing it's 30mm cannon
Slight computer issue yesterday...end result: upgraded to Windows 7. Needless to say I'm stumbling around a bit this morning!
ill follow yo uonce i know for sure who you are
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 pm. in office (MGC 252)!
First menu planning meeting today for #kettlehill and I woke up thinking about venison
second trip to Richmond, second time my luggage doesn't arrive. Seriously?
If youre a chain restaurant DO NOT FORCE ONLINE ORDERS THROUGH A 3RD PARTY APP THAT NEEDS SILVERLIGHT TO RUN
My pleasure! I am working with , she recommended you :)
She will do her best to screw up the recall in Waukesha county. She SHOULD BE IN JAIL FOR SURE!
Deeze ratchet ass kids
nice shirt on your default, Bitch -.-t
Now that the Packers schedule is out, I can finally work on my weekends home this fall ;-) time it also for broncos away weekends ?
Is amazed how great Chicago public transportation is and continues to become better.
Omg. On this young bus 2 the gig and somebody on here smell like a bag of must. Like he packed shit in his lunchbox...
Fuck me good fuck me long fuck me numb .
#halloween is tomorrow not really excited but whatever.. -.-
Ignore the last. IND wins common game record with a win and Jax loss.
At the point where no amount of makeup or coffee can cover my exhaustion...
Trafuck. I405 south.. Just want to be home.
Forgot how funny rio was
But you played great throughout the weekend.
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW they follow back!!!
ref was aware he dove, just called cooke to make up for malkin one earlier.
I've always liked it!
Don't wanna go 2 school !! #Tired #Where AreYouSummer !?!?
$10.95 per domain name divided by 365 days = 3 cents a day
ashbrook-- ok lets cut to the chase: society or media driving in
We provide toiletries, bathing suits, & more 4 kids living in poverty who want to go to camp.
is there a copy of the guidelines somewhere?
I remember when Three's Company ended, I nearly sobbed out loud.
good luck gf!
All I want to do is read about vampires, not the relationship between high visibility companies and company morale.
Tonight I play the role of Glory in Oberon Theatre's reading of Home Fires Burning by Chris Ceraso. Free at The Lamb's Club, 3 W 51st, NYC.
I'M NOT READY FOR THE HANDSHAKE WITH DEATH
Wait, there's a #drinkingsig shirt?! I want one! #mlanet12 cc:
Being very busy feels good.
THEY'RE LIKE 10 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME SHUT YOUR MOUTH
The Thieving Fish is the name of our next band.
If I text you, its not because I wanted my day ruined.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe People who don't practice what they preach!
Of course Olsen wouldn't care about the schools in his district. There aren't any good talking points about those.
I feel like ima regret the choice I just made but oh well
For me, #flowers represent natural beauty, purity, and love. What do they represent to YOU?
Heat are too good, not looking forward to playing them next round
please follow me it would make my day <3
as always great show! Love all the new Spanish stuff! Can't wait for the album! Happy thanksgiving :)
Toledo , Ohio! We are performing tonight at Frankies! Doors at 5!
Enemies: Today is the day to challenge me to anything because I am not putting forth much effort and I will fail. Love, Steve
Only 24 hours left! Check it out and get in on the action! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Today's gon be a good day!
lmfao...tell him he better go watch nickeloden or something
What's the occasion for the bouncy house? How late will it be there?
omg i just spoke to her :')
I'm developing a stutter. Sweet Jesus -______-
YES!!! I been waiting all my life for this!!!!!
Gasol has got to go!!!!!
Pre launch of website tomorrow at Florida Society of Plastic Surgeons meeting in Orlando February 11-14, 2010.
ha you better not even have to ask that question
We're thrilled to announce the opening of a new store in #Omaha's Old Market! The address is 1118 Howard St! Watch for Grand opening info!
at #databq #aerotropolis "it's all about the network which is why the city of Portland subsidizes a flight to Tokyo"
RT : 'Heart is on the floor.... Why don't you step on it?
i dont have one of those here. i need one.
The male Elizabeth still looks like Elizabeth
Lmfao I'm so lame
that's awesome. Alright, upgrade 2 might come sooner than I thought lol
Just found my dad playing on the scooter again.. Definitely a
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> WE LOVE ZENDAYA AND BELLA <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
i had fun doe .
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Check out exclusive photographs from the past couple weeks... Ntertania (n-ter-tain-ee-uh) Nights!
wow. Thankfully we've been lucky in that department.
My daughter is coming to Manhattan, NY next week. Any recommendations for inexpensive, good food restaurants? Thanks.
katelyn is now his hills to his Beverly
it has been a long time but every things good. I miss you guys though
Colt Cabana vs. Nathan Arnold Charging.
Or trying on all of your jeans u havent worn since winter & strugglimg to get them on <<<<<<<<<<<
Enjoyable & productive City Club of Buckhead brd mtg this morning...#executive coaching the rest of the day.
Music videos, 2K, Fresh Prince season 2 in its entirety, and writing? Life of a bum
thanks for your leadership and suggestions. Your hopeful witness was very inspiring.
YOU ARE DREAMING AS EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS!!!!!
!!!!!!!! RT You are such a rapist, he's like 9. RT : I'll cheer Princeton up :)
For more video news visit www.tncnews.com
I wish I could stay on my bed and sleep all day <3
Thanks so much! Thanks for coming out. Jordan does. Jordanbrooke9 I believe.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder and Botox always helps. :)
i need plans.
how dare you forget. How dare you...
Somehow that doesn't surprise me, but what a crock of shit all the same.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
mhm, you wana just do it after school. Don't matter where. But i needa talk to you before i mention anything to them.
Tami is a bully!!! I can't believe she's acting like this.. But then again I can't believe I'm watching this either.. Lol
For those that aren't aware, is not coming to Idaho. Apperently they want to suck&piss people off this year. Thanks kevin lyman.
why is this room always so damn cold when i wake up
Question as old as time itself...Is it chaser or tracer????
Love is a stupid thing. Give your all to someone and get your heart ripped out. Every single fucking time.
who do you like more?
I was wondering about that...
'Tis Thursday ain't it? Shit if i'm not doin' anything by then i'm down
That's ridiculous, you better take a nap soon!
Last night = me: "hey dad are you gonna eat in the kitchen?" My Dad: "nah i wanna watch the Pauly D Project"
I've never read Fan Fic so IDK what it's all about (like these books I'm guessing?).
Sumbody turn on the AC!!
Re: Museums being everywhere. How to know what will last? Worth it to go there, spend time in dev and then ditch?
Well, here I am. I keep hearing all kinds of neat things about Twitter, so here I am, finally!
#Diablo3 is out at 3am, my time. If you don't want to read superfluous video game tweets, unfollow me now. You've been warned.
wha u know about mall cops??? netflix it up... remember who put u on! lol RT I dislike cops but lovee cop shows...the irony
#MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia question & you could in a School Guide to Berkeley Haas! (Players can only win once.)
Oh, goodness. Who does think she is?...Yosemite Sam? Thanks for makin' me laugh, girl. Miss all of you!
Your welcome :)
why are you stunning. IT MAKES LIFE SO HARD TO KNOW THAT YOU ARE ACROSS THE WORLD
great meeting you today at #cdmd12 thanks for the ribbons!
RT : For fulfilling #relationships, seek harmony, not control.
what about everyone else?! i see how it is
FOLLOW THE KID SO I CAN FOLLOW U BACK!
She ratchet!
Happy birthday to & Quiana(RIP)! Have a good one!
Sometimes I stumble on ideas and I wish they had been mine... today I discovered Jumping In Art Museums: Well done. Well. Done.
Thanks! Always great to hear from RIF Alum.
hi princess-all
Mm I have to google that RT : sorry Leno you still hold the record for worst whcd
are you home?
Im too pissed
Timing is everything.
The fact Justin had a beer before doesn't bother me. I'm so used to it because The Wanted are big partiers.
#Louisville ...great city!
Two more days until CATCHING JORDAN by ! Check out my blog for some fun CJ stuff!!
Chicken overtakes pepperoni as most popular pizza topping on restaurant menus
i would if i werent already =[ im sorry
we'll be waiting for you! let us know when you're ready to buy.
midday chats with my dad are my favorite
Appreciation. Nice SHARED vibrations. No exact words for it. But thank YOU!
Wow, this just in, Michael Francis leaving UNF for USF! No!
#NYTims #Trayvon story "specific intent" #zimmerrman left his Car w/a loaded weapon and used it to kill; his intent was
Be careful how you word it, if you haven't actually heard it... & don't be so fast to believe, if you didn't actually see... #quote me
I finished shooting for astorgos. I had so much fun. I can't wait for everyone to see it
you won't Wing tho lol RT “: I feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> someone .”
There are ~14 million college students in the US, if ALL of them received stafford loans the int. rate hike would raise ~14billion $
~ what's up bruh. When you get a chance call me.
I don't want to fail. :)
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
Great, thank you for the reply. Feel free to email me at to start a conversation or send me your email/ph
Maybe clean shaven with a dirty wrinkled "lucky" suit?!
lemme get a shout out for Jack Howkins, that boy turned 6!
Just found the long lost videos of me and cross country adventure lmao
"An author values a compliment even when it comes from a source of doubtful competency." Mark Twain, who died on this day in 1910.
Being Involved blows...
Got 9/11 on your mind? (Not hard to believe, what with all the media coverage.) Then don't forget to check out the CHNM 9/11 Digital Archive
Yes..And...Who is #Santorum? He's for the Blue team right?
Wilkinson: Went with a publisher after self-publishing because, well, "What did I have to lose?" Ironic reversal that.
Thanks to the Pike Prep Academy students - especially Mr. Stout & Principal Dobbs - for the warm yVote! welcome. Enjoyed our visit today.
#SomewhereInMilwaukee a Nigga is Ironing some Hard Stiff Creases in his Levi Jeans..
sounds like a rain check #timeout is in order. Feel better Rodney!
Add your favorite indie bookstore to #bkstoreluv and will add it to the list "Best Indie Bookstores" on Twitter!
That makes me happy to hear!! :)
Get wide awake peepers by concentrating your mascara just above the pupils and the outer corners of your eyes! 8-)
Happy 13th Birthday to my sister Erika (:
thanks babe :)
Oh so now is competing? e__e arre *puts sleeve up*
haven't heard back on lcd panel #fail on 2.6 y.o. tv. trans no. 3000619548. Was due response on Friday.
hey , i just ment you , this is crazy , but here's my number Call me Maybe (:
Watching The Shining.
MNL will be closed on Sat and reopen on Sun 1 pm- 11 pm. Take a day off and enjoy your Spring Break!!
Ah...Saturday night...how are you?
I try not to get my hopes up too much that way it won't be too much of a let down when it doesn't happen... I'm use to it by now :/
the problem for us is this case. If our transaction was with you, we can't invent an invoice for someone else.
When was the time when history could be captured?
haha u remember when u made Alex's toenail Bleed!!
Simply amazing
I miss you more:(
pretty cool, hunh? thanks!
Client testimonials & case studies are great sources for Social Media videos to post on Youtube, facebook, dailymotion, flickr & pthers.
God is Good remember Christmas is not about what u get its about Jesus Christ!!
Overslept. Looks like ima take a day off from school.
Walked into my band gig tonight and the DJ started the party with Kenny G...sigh
Beyond annoyed .
Please honor Mothers everywhere.
I agree w/ you make me giggle :)
Thank you to everyone who applied to the focus groups!! If you didn't get a call don't be discouraged... just keep trying
At the point where "whatever" can apply to everything.
I wonder how long I can keep this 4am wake-up time?
Tip off the day: if you are in pain then try painkillers. If you are not in pain then try not painkillers.
If you want to get your car looking its absolute best, then you should consider auto plastic headlight restoration along with a full detail.
At t-ball game in Fresno. Not sure any of these kids want to really be here. Brings back memories of my own parents forcing me to play.
Oh yeah, I forgot, you're the only person I know who says that.
thank you for the reality check.
why didnt you tell me you had a tumblr?! omg
Need Promotional Models for Events & Performances text or call 678.835.7625 for detail.
Watching the Bachelorette, and I am SO jealous!!!!!!
the zoo and the childrens museum this week? Why you so lucky?!
Awakening from my allergic, sinus clogged stupor to some really interesting news (I've RT'd). Among them, Prop 8 in CA is overturned! Yay!!!
Guess I'll go to the gym since sleep is not an option.
don't worry I'm gunna celebrate but not to hard cause it is a school night lmfao
Sally Draper, SNAP!
I'm proud that I only had to google two of the aforementioned four things.
Marry me?
answer the phone !!!!
Meeting the locals.
i dont like new twitter
have you hit someone like that? Seeing blood is disturbing
We got plenty liquor
I just finished a 376 km run with Nike+ GPS.
Bummer, man. Looks like you've been hacked.
RT“: Ali to Joe Frazier: "Don't you know I'm God?" Frazier: "God, you're gonna get your ass kicked tonight." #RIPSmokinJoe”
Only god can judge me.....? Why would he judge something he created?
I'm tired of you telling me that I'm special to you . Cuz clearly I'm not , if you say it to 20 other girls . Douche
He's Still Handsome !
no my friend tonight will be fun! If they sleep all day they will have to be up sometime :)
Why not do it here in MKE?
M gotta love it when food poisoning is on the menu!
hey Ken my friend how r u? CB new song is so cool! i love it!
So excited to watch UCLA take down USC at the laugh bowl tonight at the Laugh Factory!
Playing 10-20 with the and the Need to find an easier game!
So proud of our hermanas! RT : Congrats to for winning the King Cobra recognition award for diverse Greek org."
Need to wrestle up some food.
im quite forgetful. lol. sorry
Jigsaw vs Low Ki up next!
Me too.
Olive Garden with my twin/NFL! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Was your avi taken on the roof?
8653638714 text me :)
How to Get Over Your Fear of Sales Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show #SmallBizChat. T
U can create a culture for those types of controls.How uniform you want it depends on what level you implement it @, i.e. Gov't,PTA,etc
#celticschat At least the Sixers lost. :) Look on the bright side
First ROYRIOLES series starts tonight! Time for my young son to learn about cognitive dissonance through baseball.
i wish he would text me :(
#HowToGetRejected ask me to hit it on the First Night.... After I hit it, I'm gone Bitch!
If Draymond Green keeps this up, he may have to take anger management classes.
will be there in a min or two. Black jacket, black shirt & jeans... so I probably look like almost everyone else, haha.
Big up to to the giants.
Aside from aholes who steal vans from our friends, dustys hate cancer. Tag yr posts with #beatcancer today and miler/eBay makes a donation
Make up is so expensive.....I just thank God I am naturally good looking
Remember the movie where Jim Carrey saw the number 23 everywhere? The same thing is happening with me and Angus T. Jones...
totally! DM me and I'll send you my contact info.
thanks for following!!!!
Anyone know of a Java Developer? I need one.
Theatre trivia! Who's most likely to be working on the catwalk? Hint - it's not a kitty... do you know?
Thanking God today for one more beautiful year of life! Every day is another miracle and I'm so thankful.
The shark has a heart! you saved his entire career because you helped redirect the path
How many junk drawers is too many? Whatever the limit... I think we've reached it.
ABA resolution calls for same-sex marriage in US
lol I already put it on twitter.....
Caught in traffic in poulsbo
In my way out the door but wanted to ask if anyone has an opinion about redgage.com????
Can u follow me? thanks :)
Anyone in the DC area been to the party on bbrt called CockParties? Looking to be an even bigger slut while I'm there later this month.
yes mom, i know i will never marry the boyz', god.
at least your trying :p. And um...I think the test is Tuesday and the paper is Thursday
Quin Snyder looks like he's stuck in the middle seat of an airplane between Kobe and Chuck Person on the bench. Little Guy!
she tries to put the I'm a female spin on why people hate her. If anybody acted like that, female or male they would be hated
Hot nutella!?! Is that a drink? I am intrigued!
Says who...
for ultimate VIP for one direction will you guys be putting more on today? cause you took it down from the seattle date.
Just dressing my Massie-kin for tomorrow. Wanna go shopping? I'm in a mood for it... :D
what do you mean loco
Shout out to all my monkeys.... Blodwyn is not a weather pig!
Great account executive? I'm going to have to read this!
Front-end developers: show us something you've done where you took a brilliant designer's UI and brought it to life.
WHERE in ATL???
The town I live in is on Richard Hammond's new show... What are they featuring? The dump. Nice.
I think it says "takin out my freak tonight"
love that buldge
No, he hasn't forgotten, but he will LIE about all of it & more if he thinks he can win one more vote.He thinks WE are stupid
If you have the day off, consider checking out at N. End Ave & Vesey St 11a-3p. Stroll along river & eat from 5 great trucks!
didnt you work with him ? “: Drew Brees is on fire and Wow Jimmy Graham is Better then Good”
It's my birthday... I luff you and Ghost Adventures. RT?
S/o to the whole 'cuse!
the juice revolution lives on!! in #milwaukee #organicjuice #juicing easiest way to feel good, always :)
wow school it's night time here lol night
listening to mac miller just reminds me of being in europe last summer
Sneak a bottle of Ango in with your pocket square The only reason to wear a tuxedo on a week night. #MCC2012 <2 weeks away.
Love ya !
Cliff Lee is killin' it.
i sure fucking do
Appreciate the post share. Enjoy your Monday!
Had that recently, one of their best, Enjoy!
Got the clothes in the washer now too -.-
RT I feel hood as shit whenever I listen to Gucci
Keep forgetting my window don't work....
Just like new year's eve...
I'm watchin!!
Really?! I'm going to check it out. I like watching dark films now and then
The sun goes down, the stars come out; and all that counts, is here and now...
They canceled England's football match tomorrow. Shit is about to get real.
Just uploaded a new track "Hot Pursuit"let me know what you think
It's going to be something when Wood strikes out 20 people in this game.
Ard. It's like 4 people on my TL now.
We got one lens donated that shoul be great for videos and maybe ok for video. Awesome
Couldn't smoke this morning# Shit fuck'd up
Getting ready to watch Grubby vs. Thorzain in #winterarena. Going to be a great game.
yay! and i could use some live pictures :) love u.
Went on major pot bust with Lincoln County Sheriff's and DEA - $55 million. Exlcusive story tonight at 10.
I want to do something to involve all my followers in the "Night Shades" release on 04/13/2012. What would y'all like to see happen?
you are welcome, glad you found it useful.
very cool. do you use a stylus as well?
Why you doin this to me -_-
Up too damn early!
you have a hermit crab?
Thank you to all who recently followed!
LMFAO you stupid! What you doing for memorial day weekend?
Doc: "I'm a Celtic and I love our guys." Who else is with him? Tweet if you're a Celtic with hashtag
Wow the Sixers called me and I gave them my honest opinion, No Star means no ring!
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, perhaps it's time to stop standing and start walking..
Team IPhone Sike!! Team android over here
#WeWontWork if you a broke ass nigga widd no money .
My mother - "You had me at the Help so many People, then lost me at the free beer"
My own belief in lack and limitation is the only thing limiting me
Nothing but Chris cross apple sauce!!! The damn best!!! Lmfao
"Learning engages the entire being- mind, body, and spirit." -Anne Conzemius ()
Writing New Songs For The Next CD
fans WE DID IT! #SB46 Champions! Following back all fans tonight!
Bucknell for a track meet this weekend!
how could you get tired of me? I will never get tired of you bby. (;
i have missed so many episodes of glee
I may addicted to iPad and somebody do something....wait just don't do anything that I'd want to repin! lols
I hate resisting unhealthy food after i finish my workouts, runs, or swims.. lol i want to demolish some carne asada fries right now D:
3 places to get one document....
he is a nice man, don't hate! (:
I think it was so sweet that every single Brewer hugged Ryan Braun after his press conference. Go Brewers!!!
RT : Good eats = good recruiting? ...and the dominance of BBQ for the #SEC? (Enjoyed this read and u will too)...
who's going to austin's concert on feb. 14? have fun :) wish i could be able to go
#listen to 103.3 the edge! and are being played!
your likes lamp, anyone can turn you on
awesome jen! Hope I see u soon :)
Let's paint the town gay.
hope you're hiring some support personnel. I've been waiting for a response to a support request for a week now.
Can we get the log in info of a YT profile if the pg hasn't been updated in yrs& the prsn who made the pg doesn't work here NEmore?
WHEN football starts I think the Title Belt should be replaced by the Diamond Cutter. Thoughts?
Paying for a storage unit full of things you don’t need but no time to babysit an ad on Craigslist? Try the ServiceBox Market Place!...
who are you again? And why do you tweet at me?
McGhee: We are great at issues and constituencies. We are not great at talking about the system itself.
welcome back! THUNDERSTRUCK!
Watching the last waltz in memory of levon!
To honor those who serve our country, we are offering free admission to theNAT today for veterans and active-duty military.
Sometimes the bricks to the forehead really do help!
The firm foundation of God stands, having this seal, "The Lord know those who are His." -2 Timothy 2:19
Someone entertain me :(
Happy shopping!! Just stopped by in Little Italy they have the cutest spring clothes and accessories.
Cilantro, I believe..
Listening to panelists regarding , and
#ImHappy because God's plan of salvation was completed 2000 years ago. It's accessible to all! Its a
I think people thoroughly enjoy making fun of the fact that I literally cant go anywhere without running into someone I know
Good weekend , wish it didn't have to end thoughh .
Three abstracts done this week and a slot secured for ESA. I love my job!
found your replacement today! This chic I met looked exactly like you. Same makeup and style! I asked do u like bacon?
Invited to do a guest blog post, carte blanche on topic. That's the philosophical equivalent of the blank page. Where to begin?
Golf in Schools - one more day of putting at Virginia Court, next week short swing.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Up to 41% of colonial NYC households owned a slave. Check out www.slaveryinnewyork.org for more on #slavery in New York.
What have you pledged to do this year to save our earth? wants to know. I have pledged to conserve more water. Wish me luck!
Just watched a documentary on 9-11 that blew my mind
come visit me later
Now I know what the nail filing and mud mask was all about.
i bought your book online last week, any idea when they might be sending them out?
Bacon & avocado? Reasonable. MT Caught daydreaming in public. Sad part: was thinking about Corner Bakery's Anaheim Scrambler.
Some days taste like lemonade Some days feel like razor blades
YOOOOOO. I AM DETERMINED TO GET A TWEET FROM YOU, BRO
#dsoc #sal2010 we are in the cloud says Anne Caputo. vol and variety of info grows
she's doing awesome!!!! Yes we must get together soon!
and kick some serious butt! Thanks for supporting Initiate!
Okay! It's decided! I'm skipping the beginning altogether! >->
\ but then she wouldn't get to do the cool projects, she'd have to go to more meetings
I forgot that I have a wedding to go to today :/
like Sabrina and nikki
god any would be happy with you
aw not cool
seems like i always had crushes on chicks i couldn't have then end up fucken wit sumbody i shouldn't have
Attn bicycle riders, I'm all for sharing the road, but the same rules apply. Driving all over, skipping lights and such make me lose respect
Good to be back in Philly! We miss you Seattle! Great time at the Nat'l HS Journalism Convention.
Time for #Touch , I've missed the last few episodes but had no time to catch up oh well
Run and Own ebook membership site niche markets 27.00 a month , first 50 get in...
you know what else is fantastic? when someone else makes you late for doctor who
Watching Sarah, our Site Coordinator, try to get magnetic tape to work - the MOST entertaining way to pass the time EVER.
DJ Lucy Wrubel will be taking care of the music for #TXScotRiteAccessLux. So excited!
Cannot wait to see it! RT ": Watching Jules rehearse her ROA performance tonight ... So proud ! Superstar"
Got homecoming tonight, hope it will be a good night and not a disaster :P
Sex weirdos unfollow me because unless you play for the NBA or the NFL I don't want what your sellin.
Writing the screenplay for my novel 'The Faithful'. Does anybody else write both the book and the screenplay? Does it make you crazy??
CONGRATULATIONS! On to Atlanta!!
I may've not survived school if we had Twttr and FBook. Back in the day! My first intraction w/ 'puters involved IBM punch cards!
Got through that with only one hold, at Wheaton.
Can you feel the love tonight? -TheLionKing
Concrete jungle March 21 dinero dynasty mixtape straight fire
ozzy had a huge dog panic attack in a beautiful yard of my friend. figured out i am the security, not the yard.
I wish! Instead I will be tending to a house full of 8-year-old girls for a birthday slumber party ... (help!)
-__- you dont know what its like... #unless?
Dreams from My Father's Advisers
This is so much more caterpillar!
Coming your way end of this week, I am at The Metropolitan Room on the 28th, but seeing Nellie McKay on the 23rd.
Hilltop Hoods - The Underground Feat Classified amp Solo Drinking From The Sun - trolleys old
My 15-yr-old daughter is using an on-line algebra tutoring company called tutorvista.com while she travels/studies abroad.
Honestly, I can't wait to go to college.
It says "COBRA" on the right head cover, so probably a Mustang, aber sicher bin ich nicht.
Regardless, it needs a book! Are you going to illustrate it? Or all prose? Both?
Just starts Twitter Today! :DD
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
Watch for Schweikart's next book coming in July: 7 Events that Made America America
#happinessis finding a blanket. Seeing the sun rise.
No, thank you!
What is classmate research?!
Just caught a cramp in both of my calve muscles!!!! GIVE ME PICKLE JUICE!!!
Griffin - social protests in Israel an example of how people have more hope and believe they can make change.
Idl if i'm even going to youth group tonight.
IK JEZUZ I MISS YOU GUYS
check out leaguesafe.com, good way to handle fantasy finances...
You mentioned that your Dad's side of the family has members stationed there? Would they be willing to do a phone intv?
Take 15-30 minutes each Sunday to review your goals, set priorities & evaluate action plan for upcoming week.
I'm planning a Disney World vacation w/ my wife and 2 small children - Should we stay at Wilderness Lodge or Animal Kingdom Lodge?
awww no..I am sorry to hear that my friend. :(
Great to be back on the bike... Cycled to the office today...
Ooh. My time out in the sun today made my freckles connect.
. Haha, have never been to Fry's but it sounds like a certain Best Buy location I try to avoid.
thanks, kb!
Go broke on clothes bitch I cash out
Watching Robot Chicken. Have u seen the one about ?
Did you know June 6 will be five years since you were drafted to Raw.Don't know weather to give congrats or get mad.
yeah, I agree.
Happy "Tornado" Day!
McGahee's a must start. I don't trust PT or RG. PPR Helu is a solid bet, even not PPR maybe.
Expletive expletive expletive.
#WeWantLesnar has been answered
Captain Tees was an awesome venue!
Live off of whats in your pocket, dont count on money your getting in the near future.
The Amanda Knox railroad has come to a complete stop. Thank you for visiting Perugia, Italy.
Love the team leader role. Let me know if you need anything, and I will try to make it happen!
Session in E172 all the way at the end! Looking forward to hearing some new ideas on social education.
Tiato is good, on Colorado Ave. Thyme is also really good for sandwiches, or Fritto Misto for great pasta.
ill be sure to remember this when i do something to my hair again: /
Happy New Year, Long Beach! If we could see you through the fog, we'd give you a big Hearty hug! Be safe!
miss ya dog
I love this type of weather ^.^
- Thanx for rockin' on the Heckler episode U-ROCK! Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!! see ya in 2012!
#FF to our new followers, looking forward to tweeting with you! , , , , ,
MARS makes a coconut Twix. The delicious coconut is ground into the chocolate and then the same caramel and cookie. IT'S GOOD
loving Chinese landlady. Never heard better. So funny!!!!
Games are goin, beer is flowin, beautiful weather. Tell your boss your sick, this day is too good to be sitting at work.
HAHAHA!! That is stunning. Now we can watch trends in design, just like fashion. That was the 80's of web design!
just blocked her RTs. am thinking its vodka induced; given some of my decisions made under the influence, i'll cut her some slack!
Please look at the bicycle lanes in Holland. They use a divided bike/car lane system with curbed bike lanes for safety. Good 4 ATX!
WALMART has been making donations to community groups and repeating the message that it will bring jobs & stimulate the local economy.
Gotta feel a little better now!
Anyone in the Albuquerque area free around 3pm to drive me to the airport?
Yay! RT today I walked across the Chicago Thtr stage, my mom's 20 hrs in town are complete & now I go to work for 1 hour
I want too hurt that skank so bad! Lolol & I love you too!!:)
Been on holiday and now back to it! Dedicated to looking younger!
Umm 31. RT : I kept hearing my mom in my head "Well you are 30 NOW!" smh
But I'm still staying inside! It's too dangerous to party with African Americans
Thank you<3
like i said, i don't need to listen to covers.
I loved Cross my Heart. Do you follow your fans?
Just heard Prof. Loconte articulate the King's Mission thru a story abt Cal Ripken's love 4 baseball that bred excellence in baseball.
nice, where do u live these days?
#SPEEDF1 Cheaper and more effective than therapy.
Oh man
Nothing WORSE than a San Antonio FAKER LAKER FAN!! GET OUTTA MY ARENA!!
- Thanks for the mention!
Staying home today, all the crazies are out today. Sad that material things are more important than someones life.
Indy Reads is at the Coovering Kids and Families event at the health department. Come see us and learn about IndyReads!
Yo Cena what the hell was dat green stuff he spit in your eyes?
Shout out to my dude for this opening vid mix, came in real handy last night.
Reheated Ginza is still delicious GInza
Hello thanks for checking us out. Would you ever be interested in guest blogging for The Advocator?
taking a season series doesnt mean jackshit trust me i know that. We beat the heat last 3-0 remember?
Awake is waiting on my DVR. Is it worth watching knowing it won't get renewed?
You just like being a quality person. And it shows! I always love what you make, even if I haven't read the story/comic...
Real question. What would you name your race horse?
Ep3 Remake Preview Plus Updates in Description - japanese hand saws
Thanks! Her name is Lennox Evangeline.
Best. Idea. Ever.
let's go buy sum
#stpoem:The sky is the color of a battleship./ Raindrops wait with heavy breath/ tense soldiers listening / for a general's barked command/
The Grizzlies only had one player in double figures in last night's game against the
Shhhh. Hear that? It's the sound of jr's sand volleyball exploding in Georgia! We've got some exciting news coming soon!
your video made me cry.. cause it showed how much u cared about audio.i seriously have repesct for u.
Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers
If you're in Austin, look to the east. It's a spectacular lightning show right now! So soothing (cc )
I will let you know by tomorrow, not sure I will be able to make it...
your style is terrific. I pinned your "ten ways to have a good day" told my office it is our new motto!
Free 6:00 concert in Scripps Ranch tonight (Hoyt Park), Gary Seiler & the Coast Riders (Jimmy Buffet tribute band)
how was it meeting your nose last month? (;
I loved your winery. Thanks for a great time!
RT : FINALLY 2POSITIVE AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN/FAMILY IN A POSITIVE ROLE
This has been one of my best days in a while : )
Drink too much last night? Go to and keep drinking with a Hi-C and eggs benedict for breakfast. You'll feel much better!
Thanks for the follow, Anum! You seem to enjoy some of the same things we do!
my body is slowly getting back to normal....I needed that sleep!
Don't EVER make a #PromiseYouCan'tDeliver
Roger Goodell, Art Rooney: Today's meeting was productive.
Learn to Appreciate the ppl who always good to you ! #Silently I appreciate you!
"The farmer stares at his two worthless children. Both of them are adopted, and today he is convinced that’s the explanation."
thanks for the kind words!
Never knew my mom could be so mad on mothers day haha
hey brother, if your not busy April 27 we are opening for Mickey Avalon at Trees, can you spin?
Great speech (& intro) by I look forward to working w/ him on issues including managed comp and economic development # SDSOC
Totally! I think I'll end up switching back and forth between FF4 & Chrome a lot. What's your fave browser?
But since I'm talking about it, I might as well thank you for fucking me up.
girrrlllll! This is my ish LOL.... I literally just hollered.
Alpha three is looking good.
Did you pick up any souvenirs in Abbotabad?
“: I'm the type of person that will try to make everyone smile, but when i need a smile, no one is there for me.”
Why is Chidi taking her sweet time to open this door.
Opposite day. RT ": I expect LeBron to play PG and have double-digit asts, Wade to close, Heat to make 8 3s and Heat to win"
Once again, snippets are not expanding (iOS) Very frustrating. Do I need to delete and reinstall app again???
hello!:) can I ask you something?:)
After all is said and done there'll still be something left to say and do.
too much!
My little round face isnt as round!
my personal is no i dont follow back on my personal but im already following you on it so yeaah:)
people are just so fucking stupid
Maybe not
OMG they are so soft too @ i pet one once xD it was a baby penguin and was ADORABLE!!:3
I'm craving Starbucks & Chipotle, odd combination but whatever <3
I've been zonked out in bed on NyQuil for the last 27 hours. Sweet, delicious NyQuil.
Patricia Wettig. Enough said.
they didn't mention him at all?
Philly fans pelt Santa with snow balls. I'm not surprised
yes Sam !!! Lol don't hate
Cheese and almond biscotti for breakfast. What a life!
themiltonjones I drank the entire contents of my drinks cabinet one night, oh how I love a first class upgrade.....
It was great catching up with you today!! Hugs!!
thanks for telling your friends about Baby Time!
One of the best dining experiences Brandon and I have ever had. Tonight. Not an exaggeration.
Between university and state, so much narchy.
we have the weirdest youth pastor ever. Lol gotta love Eric
watching you :)
Fishing with my daddy and my boyfriend!
Great result to see for SKC! 15 Points and undefeated
Zumba is my stress reliever. :)
when girls tell you you have big tits <<<<<
shin splints <<<<<
we also have a cool sporty race car for an espresso machine. Gelato to boot!
Having And Awesome Time At Barbizon
Tequila shots were a bad idea last night.
I am so excited to hear him sing Gentle On My Mind and Galveston. Not even that bummed there won't be any alcohol.
today was the 1st time I heard #saysomething lemme tell you...very impressive! Sounds like a summer song.
thanks hay did you find out if the 15th is.cool for the movie?
#smmmQ In order to master social media does your content have to all be original or does retweeting and promoting others also work?
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
not sure why but we're following her now :)
THE ADULT DANCE CLASSES FOR TONIGHT ARE ADULT ZUMBA , & MODERN ! THERES A $15 CLASS DROP IN FEE
Money flowin like a slit wrist, no bandage
Sister watching TV me in my Laptop...
Figures (: im a sophmore
The World Is Not Against Me! We are one and the same, fighting the maddness!
I may have to stop using twitter in regards to my academic life. It's prolly the most unacademic thing abt me...which is maybe not good? Eh.
Do you do early mornings? I've got a 6AM flight out of O'Hare on 4/23.
that's
Just got this statement from Jan Goldsmith: “I do not have a position on whether being gay is a choice or not."
So thankful for the new follows! Always #TeamFollowBack <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
I like what the Falcons have done thus far in Free Agency. I do think we will miss Michael Jenkins. We also need Antonio Cromartie!
Last fucking straw
TRAFFIC - Car vs Motorcycle crash - Williamson Street @ Brearly Street - Blockage
wonder if indiana can upset kentucky tonight??
when strength training, do your ab exercises last. you don't want to use up all your core energy before getting to other muscles
I fell off track with la savings because i went to jail recently and my car was towed!
Kill no more pigeons than you can eat.
After a wicked tritip roast on the grill last night, looking forward to Amy's pasta tonight :)
So yeah...when can I move?
This album will be recorded in front of a live studio audience.
Lebron Can't Close out Games either I see With his Choking Ass
Yeah I mean I'm going to school next year for journalism and I plan on making a career out of it.
I wish I could be the host of Punk'd !
Comply with These Excellent Hints On Health and fitness | Welcome ...
Going to find it hard to concentrate on Malay on this beautiful Friday. I'd rather go for a run.
The ones you least expect come thru in a time of need.
The weather at #ftknox has been crazy this week. However, so far today is a beautiful day to be in the
Oh, you breathe oxygen too? Cool, we already have a lot in common!
Gloating: Been chosen as 1 of 4 journalists in US to interview Tuesday in DC & cover soccer clinic
RT : Have you guys seen yet? Cool website for $20 classes in Milwaukee
I thought it was going to literally shoot up the charts.
Game of Thrones time...everybody hush.
Used to be a small world, now it's the size of a freaking grapefruit
hey if you wanna loose weight make sure you work out. Build muscle. It will help keep your boobs bigger!
Landing at a modern airport only to disembark via bus a mile from the terminal makes me unnecessarily cranky
Just booked multiple photo projects in San Diego and Los Angeles. February 5-15. I do still have a few open dates in anyone is interested.
Those cobblestones are as beautiful and treacherous as the sea.
#DASER Borgia "Runaway sexual selection is unlikely to explain bower evolution because...no clear supporting evidence after 30 years."
U can go your own way
#stm2012 PubMed experimenting with showing how many articles on specific topics are being published by journals as right side graph
If you enjoy Golf turn on the Zurich Classic now!!!
# of pieces of gum my co-worker chews in a day = # of times i want to chuck norris this cubicle wall & hope it crushes her face.
whats up when the sensitivity....come on jessie..lighten up! u dont look so hot//stop hattin...VOTE FOR JEFF!!! A REAL MAN!!
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final. ~ Roger Babson
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. New allegations of officer misconduct at SDPD.. This time the accuser is a fellow cop.
Book-marathon is my idea to spend a Saturday afternoon :)
Layed up w. Him , shit qets worse before it gets better <3 &; said iLoveee him w/o my heart :*
I meant 10...
no lie! There are bad ass documentaries too.
not much to do tonight
June 2nd cannot come fast enough.
I thank you.
I just won't do my homework.
Waiting for the snow to start in SE Denver. No flakes yet.
it costs $99 to replace my ipod screen.... guess i'm stuck with a broken ipod.
Miley cyrus curls. All I assk for.
RB James went 49ers not Denver; but they got Ariz St. QB.
Yu best believe the NY vs MIA game is about go DOWN!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice)
6 Castleville requests in Facebook. Stop it.
Who's needs a significant other to cuddle with if you have a cat
hey there.. I'm not trying to bug you.. However being new in Chi Town n working weekends don't u get bored during the week..
The only thing worse than boring banter is dead air. We can confidently say that our shows will be better than dead air...
i mean i've been in the club ;)
SISTER I NEED YOU :(
Morning twitter let's make this a good monday.
Loves surprises from her fiance
Justin we love u with everything we have.<3 ;)
so soon!
Out. Wont bother you with the beat story. It was a bit brutal
"our entire generation is unemployable"
I hope they do something as godlike as the Suicide Mission score from ME2. That's no doubt one of the best songs in any game.
A woman's favorite position is...CEO!!!!!! ;-)
Thanks I do too. I went to get it and they didn't have cotton candy so I panicked and ran out
Bruh TMac might be the most clutch player they have.
The concert business is a horrible business of you like money.
hiya, interesting tweet, follow me & I'll follow you back
I knew it... Damn.
Could be worse, right? 8-)
I need to take a shower. But I don't want to go ask if anyone needs in the bathroom. Wah.
some of yall still living in the past.
Yay...ACT at plantation high
it does go faster!! Just like the crosswalk button ;)
Visit us this evening for our Chicken Pot Pie. It is the perfect comfort food for a chilly fall day.
Inspiring work mate! Can't wait for the re-imagined Dear Esther
It's not really an accent, it's just a different pronunciation, like, it's not how someone says adam, it's more like adem
If a company's research has not been scrutinized by peer-reviewed journals or objective peers then it is just marketing material.
u is stupid , Tf ever
Glad you got the confirm. What a waste of a morning. Bring back old system!
Great Jewish Deli & Cocktail Hour: 1 pm w/ Henry Hong & John Shields;
Ahh ... that Springsteen ... and that Church!! :)
I know UNLV beat LMU by 30 in '90 regional final. Not sure if that's the record but if it is I feel that record may be in jeopardy today
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A multitude of laws in a country is like a great number of physicians a sign of weakness and malady.
Nvm my ppls on they way. (:
Chiddy bang>>>>Sam Adams>>> Mac miller>>> everything else
It is better to be driven to drink than be drinking and driving.
Ugh!!!!!!! Can't sleep cause I keep calling the county closure line! Please close!!!! #waiting&waiting
Shout out to all the women wearing shape ups in public.
DMV is cool. DC itself isn't my fav :)
An #Arcade Fire note: Sprawl II is probably the best song on The Suburbs even though it's the least like their old stuff. It's very new wave
Never think you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. People will take you very much at your own reckoning. -- Anthony
Apparently not - , you have a great employee in Pittsburgh: Donna
Hey Frank, follow me so I can DM u
"Year of the Open Map" has enabled development community that will change things...
Yes, I received a message saying that stupid "someone is saying..."
freaking loves you!!
I'm behind on everything. How do I explain to that we're behind with that, too? *sigh*
He said, "sorry, man" you dont have to look at hi. Like he was dirt. You're not Jesus you ignorant mf.
Wow what a great game last night great win san jose state now off to the gym for some running.
no I'm new.at this just trying it out
where is this one from?
YAY!! are currently chatting with an awesome !
All star volleyball on Sunday , so excited ,(:
Have gotten a few requests to perform on the Friday Night Talent show... (by a few I mean a total of 1) any1 else requesting?
When we buy from farmers’ markets, and don’t spend money on unhealthy foods, corporations get the message loud and clear.
thanks so much! =] glad ya like em!
your too smart to give up. ppl will come back to wanting live original ROCK music.
"Do one thing everyday that scares you." ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Beautiful day
Duly noted!
Yikes! Yeah, 2013 for the next copy is about right! Our library isn't even carrying 50 Shades yet.
Also worth a follow: ! Meet us there for the opening of their latest reception, this Friday.
I'm opting for leftover cookies. (Told you I'd come back for round 2!)
I think you actually have to pay for that option now, too. My parents did that for a long time.
this thing called work is keeping me from doing so
I did detox a long time ago. It was so hard the first week or so, then it got better. But why would YOU diet? LOL. flawless.
Spirit World Just Got The New Skinny Girl Sangria In!!
bring me back a tshirt from sunny Miami! I wish I was there!
yeah I got you
It must be awkward when GPS navigation tells gay people to go straight.
Total bummer. I wish Ralph the best.
no worries hun! and yh sure :) x
I've never been late to work, but I still like to think that my punctuality award is in recognition of my clever wordplay.
shout out for all the power moves yall making and have made.
"i swear to drunk I'm not god"
For all the Dallas mav doubters. Think back to last year. They are never out of any series.
u don't seem excited at all...smfh.. Have a great day
The next person to use the term "brogrammer" is getting punched in the face. You've been warned.
Sorry - Shiraz and Sexy Beast Cabernet Sauvignon Very good wines from stellar winery Two Hands
mybad hah I ain't caller her creepy she chill I'm sayin the pic do
You should do a profile like that! Super slick.
im following =D
Girl in disgust working your stuff. Until he thinks about mine now he's feeling real high,you ask why cause he mine.
A over the counter will do it everytime frist (mj) and now (WH) fame got theses mother fuckers tripping watch I bet bobby going O/D crack
draw me back :P
hey, it was a great article -- thanks for posting it!
": Temple Run , boring AF now" I know how you feel!!! Temple Run be my last resort.
I just feel like you have no feelings for me what so ever,your just playing me.
Nice. Sometimes you just need to vent.
no one yet. I haven't even started looking yet.
THINKIN LIKE A MAN....
my dads gonna get in an accident like that.. he needs to stopbeing a bitch.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. – Mark Twain
yippee it's Deano!! Yes will check it out I def need all the $ tips I can get!!
#Truth RT I am tired of ppl wanting religious ppl to change their way of thinking
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(: Okay, okay(:
I don't know why, but I just randomly miss MASC State.
If they said wardrobe was track suit I don't know why people wouldn't be wearing them unless they don't own them...
Omg! *jimi jam please fuk my bitches friends!!
Watching Shake It Up makes me happy. Seeing Rocky and CeCe makes me smile.
Good bro just werking!!!!!
quite asking me to click on you spam a*holes!!!
Our PM, Will Anderson, giving a great presentation at #AgileUX event in
Brain Floss: 20% percentage of patients wear braces between the ages of twenty and sixty.
wanna ride on cee lo's broomstick, you know I got that harry potter on my mind
What Arabs you know make pizza.!?
good morning
I'm not surprised ya Smarty pants!
It certainly is not too soon!
Congrats - big news.
that was the doing of but great!
I would put money on it.
I know I'll be super productive tomorrow because the rum and coke told me so...:-/
Hey fellow student filmmakers! Who's going to this year? Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Never underestimate a girls ability to find out things..
Bleh. Bad sunburn.
Chilling watching the hustle
Dance is an art, paint your dream and follow it. -Steven Thompson
#thoughtsduringschool Cheating? Bitch please. If I was cheating I wouldn't be failing this class. Ha!
I can't loose bitch I'm so used to winning
Depends on source RE: #Q5: rate or value an art critique differently online than print? #ArtHour cc
. I know plenty of celebrities, like Red Skelton. Everyone loves the creatives. But it's the salesmen that make things happen.
Thats why I suggested sending to AD's Mailboxes and Emailboxes...but you are right MD's and Boards as well!
Idk what to say...
At least on one side. :)
I'm confused- never thought you did!
yes if I can still keep what little pride I have left afterwards
Great opportunity today to shoot a PSA on safe driving: Be smarter than your smart phone! *Buckle up - Phone away - Focus on...Driving!
But, you know, hurricanes. And 90+ degree weather plus humidity. Things I don't miss.
We're having a beautiful weekend in Seattle!
Letter from organizers of Carolina Rebellion will be read at 8:15 thurs morn with Woody&Wilcox. www.1065.com
Can't wait to watch fox tomorrow live? I think so! :)
Sometimes all it takes is a phone call - interviewing a National Geographic Librarian on Tuesday.
Think I have an ear infection. Ears are killing me. Def taking something tonight to sleep :/
Exhausted. Good night, Milwaukee.
In honor of the Kentucky Derby and Oreo's 100th Birthday- I'm eating an Oreo in a big floppy hat.
It's due preferably tomorrow at class time, but I'll take them up to 4pm at my office. MB hope for rogue asteroid? ;-)
“: I wish I had the opportunity to open for summerjam. hopefully by next year I will b on that level”keep
you are ridiculous. Happy Thanksgiving.
Sang Josh
we goin for a run
thanks will do!
Edit it down to about half and call it a short story.
$2.00 BEERS Tonight..Bottles & Drafts! Go Yankees!!
Thanks for following, Joel!
It's a good #hair Day!!!
#Marco's tonight!!! Then #GoBuckdGo! I like my boring life :-)
happened to catch a piece of a "hoarding" show. the common characteristics among these people is that they are all fat and stupid.
Thank you! Looking forward to seeing you next week!
Take a Chance, Lose Your Pants <-- I think this should be our new slogan :)
which game soccer or basket ball ?
im bored!
Shockra! no way #Everybodysgotapistol back in Portland ME when I was coming up. I see you're in Philly this wknd, how long?
Love our city : Good Morning, Sunshine :) Today will be 56°F and mostly sunny. Yeah. This weather rocks.
- Its Gorgeous<3
omg im so bored! can someone tell me what to do?! #help!
Dear puppy..... www.boydavid.net The Dear Abby of kink
All day in Eastern Market and almost 7 miles walked... Now we're trekking to Georgetown. Love days like this.
I have a few friends that are the best!
Time to snooze0;)
no ATL shows
haha! Hey its my off season. Give me a minute and I can get it ripped ;)
S/O to Cleveland! Am I wrong?
Well I am getting paid $2 dollars an hour to shop! I am on call tonight!
have you heard about that food that makes women not want to have sex anymore? It's called wedding cake
LOL that song doe
IT WAS A FIREFIGHT!
damn right.
Three biggest winners tonight: 1) Richard Murdouck, 2) Scott Walker, 3) federal prisoner
(Frank McKinney) Look out for the fellow who lets you do all the talking.
Lewin offers a model of change: unfreeze, movement, and "refreeze" - this concept seems applicable to both individuals and organizations.
: There are A LOT of things that make a BOSS a BOSS a lot of which can't be explained....(can't tell the unexplainable)
This week, Congressman Ed Perlmutter will join us to answer your questions. What should we ask him?
thinking of how I could have done it differently...and wondering if it hit the mark. You?
how's the processing speed on the Droid? Any freezes?
I heard what happened with Ur account. I feel so bad, I'm sorry that had to happened to u :(
Busy busy day today! Happy Friday!
i know:)
That is really awesome! So much for that million dollar idea - on to the next one. I will do this with Baby Reding for sure.
Of course: pinstagram.co
I feel a cold coming on strong Not good!
Now I'm hungry. MT Tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw, potato salad; seared duck w/ fruit couscous; sausage penne bake
I wanna go to the movies tonight
It was at the Wool Warehouse. They were shooting some TV show there And we got to see them and some other bands, I was on TV!
!Es un placer!
Solid. You added a #skill or #hired someone?
loves November sunshine! Winner Winner ! Vitamin D anyone?
Pick flowers, not baby names.
It's happened to me, too. Sucks. Possible to find a replacement at a junkyard instead of buying new? Might save $$$.
I am hyped too man, follow me and earn a free doggy treat.
Allergies please go.
César Chavez Festival. Happening right now on 24thSt, btw Harrison & Bryant. Charros, music stages, food, arts & crafts. Mission. SF
I am lost ? what onlune exclusive show got picked up by broadcast tv ?
Breaking: #sabres commit to never winning a stanley cup by giving vote of confidence to a coach who is a proven loser.
Does Manu's ear injury count as a "west coast Willie"
Noah miller no he doesn't have facebook but I might have a pic of him hold on a min
Beyond Irritated :/
Kevin Gregg pitching in a tie ball-game. God help us.
with my boy vee and alex make sure to check out the site www.platinumposts.com
I've been looking for months man lol
hey.. Ricky is muhhh BFF. We're like spaghetti and syrup <3
Nf you back
We can extract the Cannabinoid that either makes you hungry, relieves stress, pain, And take away "negative" effects some don't like
Today, mostly, I will be doing a huge amount of nothing... Pass the remote honey...
didn't mean to unfollow you. Twitter is stoping folks off my list again.
how about we... read to each other from that new 'lost' Octavia Butler while we listen to some sweet jams from Fungus?
no it's just healing from the surgery
Yeahh keep sleepin on the Pacers
Scenes from travel, pt. II: Still metro: women from part I stops singing, pauses, loudly asks "Anyone here a Christian?" No one reacts.
I'm thankful for family, food, and...wait, what? It's CHRISTMAS?
Want to know where leads come from? Then change the client intake process to ask the question!
Taking 4 college classes in one day on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Oh boy.
Haha really?! lol what's her name?
Good morning world s/o
ok so the bulls lost......but i see fear in miami's play.....the upcoming final game will set the tone for the playoffs.......#paybacktime!!
I *curtsy* in your direction. Tis the only time I'll be lady-like. I promise. ;) Thanks for the follow.
you have twitter on fire tonight!
I miss good music man. I honestly don't vibe with much of anything that comes out nowadays... and damn sure don't dare buy an album.
Yeah, just lost my business, too. I'll be moving my sites as soon as they're back up.
Honestly, who the hell is Donna Summer?! I have never heard of her in my entire life.
Stretched, 50 push-ups, 50 sit-ups, and jogged for 30mins. Ready to bike later on #getfit >
I can't lose hre
I wonder what software Derek Blanks use. Dude is a Photography genius!
Come out to Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011 today. We're playing a free all ages show this afternoon at 12:15.
I can't WAIT for Memorial day with and two other losers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
and Please meet? :D
That shower >
Online tonight? @ reply me with Beth Week in your tweet for a bonus to be tweeted back to you! :)
Yep I know Christy. I think we met through
OH YEA - #BeerFriday time....
I find it amusing that there's a Kony 2012 poster on the corner where the guy had a naked freakout.
Did yall kno its legal to sell children in mississippi?
still don't understand why I've never heard "Love Never Dies" in the club or at festivals. Nice track!
#UpAllNightHP My mom signed up
i would but im on follow limit...its so dumb but when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:)
“: I just dropped $2,200+ in lenses. Tough.” Doing it right. Props buddy.
awww thank you so much! We saw a huge boost in entries after you posted!
good choice.
It's ski day!!
Laser print, a toner dust used instead of ink has become very popular
Said it once, twice, 3 times a lady lol But really, The Harp has one of the best jukeboxes in town, as well as cheap Lone Star every night.
wtf is this demon child D:
Thanks, guys! I work at The Sound Emporium on Belmont Blvd, maybe we could grab some PM one afternoon?
Thanks, Melanie! Great to meet you, too. Will be fun to keep posted on each others careers. All good things in 2012!
Rain on your way to work this morning? Tune in now to NBC 6 and find out
I'm using the Blackberry ex. ROI and Social Media. Does your company measure the ROI on giving you a smart phone? Thanks
I really thought he might get it done!
that's deep. respect. <U+E011>
Just curious...Who is this Briggs woman? Why is she being tweeted about?
Where will you be watching game? If not at the Forum tonite, swing by Bleu,enjoy a little bit of uptown while you're downtown.
Today in jazz: 1898 Drummer Zutty Singleton born in Bunkie, LA.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???....?
I remember one time in 7th grade when some kid snorted beer salt and his nose started bleeding. LOL
MAKE KONY FAMOUS! the worst.
Treading lightly...
yeahh that's the plan I think.
wonderous valentines day drama has begun near my stoop with weeping woman & drunken man fights...love, lust & votka is in the air.
but is it?
One way or another my dream is gong to come true!
That akward moment when I don't feel like shit !!
Bandits & Warped tickets this morning !
Need a little praise and worship music to prepare for the Word :) Glad we could be of assistance
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world? #idareyou to try this #badpickupline at the club tonight.
Just found my moms stash I solos This is gonna be a busy night..
#Poet, #SpokenWordArtist Host of The Lyrical Sublime Follow
Can't wait to get in the studio.
We catered the #AAJA Sacramento Media Access Workshop and missing you
I didn't hear that and I'm watching too haha
Amen! Perhaps Obama could wise up hearing such wisdom.
Love me some DEGA! #NASCAR #88 all the way
Breathe easy... today is another opportunity to mastermind how i'm going to win.
2 years ago today, our founder sketched first N100 drawing. 2 short years later, we have made a huge impact. Thank you for your efforts!
I spent the entire day at Lincolnwood mall. I had a lot of fun and ran into some old friends.
If i had a dollar for every time a country song says blue jeans or truck.
oh no! Are you ok? Your car?
Marcus Washington defends his 155 pound title!
Spent Cinco de Mayo at Cracker Barrel with no regrets and not a drunk in sight. May just make it an annual thing.
I was born in Beverly and grew up in Rose Hill so a niqqa better recognize. I grew up but I'm still a G at heart! Who gone check me niqqa!
Have a dose of a day to keep your mojo saying hey.
CONFESSIONS OF A DOG: 3+ hour scathing condemnation of Japanese police corruption and complacent journalism. Shun Sugata's a powerful actor.
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will be performing on Friday at 6:45 p.m. Great kids! Awesome talent!
it's ok
Our fee is based on a percentage of the first year's annual salary for each candidate upon commencement of employment.
Does Coach Leech have Twitter? Someone tell him they dropped the charges against Kaufusi so its all good now. Now let him play.
Chris Rix: Bobby Bowden was told if he would have been FSU HC next yr he would have to be in booth and not on sidelines.
In honor of our 3rd anniversary on Twitter, can you guess our top 3 most distributed fresh produce items from the past year?
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are sitting in the passenger seat.
Back to sleep I go
Hey! mind me asking where you and your bridesmaids got ready? :)
U.Va. rowing team and men’s soccer team honored for NCAA championships today at White House.
If you got an empty spot on your fantasy team, Fantasy Einstein says pick up Emmanuel Sanders, WR for the Steelers and stash him for a while
S/o to all my new followers....
Brek Shea&#39;s Blog: Trying to ignore the transfer rumors
40 pairs of boots just went out to the Front Range to help keep a bunch of 7th graders toes nice and cozy!
is that in phoenix?
when 's puppy is my background on my phone >>>>
Definitely! RT : All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson.
You're allowed to marry your fucking cousins in certain states, some of which still have yet to legalize gay marriage lmao
just made this up well with the help of the real version:D Hope u guys like itill send this in the next one tweet
watching Nathan
YouTube is down. What? -_-
you win!
lol when have you ever texted me ? I don't even have your number !
Who is Boy Howdy on the Brock and Salk show? I think u and Boy Howdy are much better than Brock and Salk.
That's it. You're out of the club.
It will be so awkward if I'm asked to join the war on women. Especially if the opposition has strap-on dildos.
We hope you can join us today at noon for Charlotte Silver's book talk on, Charlotte Au Chocolat: Memories of a Restaurant Girlhood.
CP3 won't allow a game 7. Too good.
already on it! Lol
Off to dinner with my wonderful wife!
Thanks for the encouragement!!
maybe they are Brewer's announcers. Hm! :-)
OMG i know! i'm chewing her ass out on facebook though
what? lol no u didn't I hit u back the last time. My b but Im comin to cuthbert to vision next Friday.
I WISH I WAS AS SUCCESSFUL AS YOU
I'm going to spend all day listening to the listing of OPB affiliates on repeat.
2 Finals tomorrow & I feel like it's already break...not good.
Filner says he says no to "further extortion" of taxpayers to build a stadium.
RT : runs errands all over #SF to prepare for the #Cotillion on March 31st! Couldn't have done it w/o awesome support from...
Osama bin Laden dead.
They're searching for someone who may have been part of a chase that ended behind Calvary in a self storage place.
“: RT too many people are morons today - anyone know which of my tweets this morning was an attack on Christians?” none!
New phone! Bout time
New #Sheen shirts at gotbaals.com :-)
Thanks for the follow bro!
Scrabble night returns from a hiatus TOMORROW at 7pm. Will we see you there?
should I stay or should I go?
Can anyone recall a more unlikable Boston team -- from management right down to the players -- than this Sox team? I can't.
Let a great opportunity slip right through my hands!!
If life had a reset button like games did.. I'd eventually get away with robbing a bank
5am wake up is much nicer than a 5am bedtime. It's nice to finally have a life again and be back on my daily regimen!
AAPT - WILL SEE DOLLAR LAND - Watch and learn :). Big accumulation happening in the .03's - about to pop. Called by me first at .0013!
Russell Westbrook actually looks like a grown up Russy from Runs House...
Use tools often? Try this: avoid rusting tools by placing mothballs or silica packets in the toolbox to absorb moisture.
next up: Gopaldhara Wonder Tea from India. The Ceylon OP left my mouth with a tannic residue. Wonder Tea promises a cleaner finish.
you so cute! Xo
Wyd": Followed :)": follow me boo""
Agreed. She is the Paula Abdul of the Academy Awards. Could they not get Rachel Zoe?!
I dun like it when older people come to me for relationship advice... Um, you're 27... I'm 20 0.0
Come see diary of a catholic school dropout sunday @ 6pm at the whitmore lindley theatre in north hollywood! Last show!!!
Thank you. will be requesting a meeting early next week to discuss all the new things we added in the past week.
At chocolate bar in cleveland. They are out of mint...so no mojitos and no chocolate candy bars...The chocolate bar with no candy bars...IDK
#FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
Welcome to Packer Nation! Ted couldn't have made a better pick.
i mean was he serious? too funny that was RT : #Cowboys' Tashard Choice gets Philadelphia Eagles' Michael Vick autograph
My suggestion would be to walk away from the 90% who don't and join the 10% who do. -Jim Rohn...
I can't wait for your music video to come out :)
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Gonna try that tomorrow am! Thanks hun!
well technically, does anyone ever say it out loud? It's mostly webspeak. I myself have eschewed nada for the holiday.
to get followers tell them what they want to hear.
#fannight ITS A GAME AGAIN!!!! ROSE! DENG!
what's a receiver? Like what do they do?
It's so... Every one in their last yr summer fits.. lmao
"It just won't fit." - Waitress to me, when putting the to-go top on my salad.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Yes, a Great artist...and so talented! Love her beautiful voice!
Can't believe The guys on Mike and Mike are rationalizing the bounty system the Saints had and they think it's part of the game
Already did, follow back
as a really (I mean really!) amateur photographer who doesn't use photoshop etc, I set it to JPEG. Learning as I go..
No one is a virgin life screws us all.
This is not a good message - don't open it! We were hacked today! So sorry.
What is the source of your quote about jurisdictional aspects of #domain name regulation?
Looking for the best IDX solution for a real estate client website. Prefer PHP.
thanks big man
The greatest challenge in life is to decide what's important and to disregard everything else.
Gone with the Chocolate
what's your WWF name? I'm silver_sparrow
Cant wait to take my pictures next week
What do you think we'll be serving after the Deer Run?! Dr. Thunder, of course!
I see u boah
see iCare Family Health Services posting apply for provider positions in AZ to help consumers with disabilities.
early holiday shopping - every year this same weekend
I hope this means a San Francisco tour date coming soon!
You have got to go. Great food. Great bars. And the people are so nice and interesting. LOVE IT!
Thank you! Drinking good coffee every day is success in our book! Will you be in town for #SXSW?
yw! have a great weekend too!
caroline!! i know, i feel we are kindred spirits!! how is 1L? do you feel more lawyer-ly since the last time i saw you?
I'm sure a nice, long massage would calm you down! So if you just start on my shoulders
Houses specifically or apartments? My complex is pretty safe. . . but some people have said otherwise. I like it. =P
RT : Get your money up . Then y'all can beef by playing big bank take lil bank
Awww...I miss you friend! How are you?!
"and I know there's so much more to find, just in looking through myself and not at them..."
Long day of work, work, work again, and then a work meting...trip to california please hurry
Everything, gone.. cause of that one person, cant even tell her i love you anymore ? she doesnt know how hard that is too do
We're happy to welcome new #PENCILPartner Levi Eichenstein of Congrats on your partnership at P. 811 K in BK!
& Thank you for a wonderful event last night at The Palace Grocery in Santa Fe.
"no ill drop it off" can't you just bring it to school and give it to me?
Heard Netflix is losing the DVD portion of the company and just going streaming video. This will be the end of netflix. Better believe it
too bad, too b/c I might go meet Chi #OMPF alum at a famous gay show tunes bar: Marie's Crisis.
#Germany. General Hooker like to drink, gamble & womanize. Read all in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
#LetsGoOs Jake is balling. GO ORIOLES.
Miami Fade County
#highschoolmemories dipping a tampon in dr.pepper and throwing it at the white board.. it stuck!! ; D
lots of food!!
Agreed. Really enjoyed it. (Congrats on Stitches, by the way!)
Another confirmed T&I Member to speak! Thrilled to have Congresswoman Jean Schmidt speak again this year!
what do you play?!?!
Camp might have actually done that girl some good.
I'd give anything just to be by your side.
yeah. Always!
If you like our backpacks, you'll definitely love Hound Comics! Like their page on facebook, it would mean a lot to them and us.
1st day @ my new job after not working 4 over 20 years I have a management job doin wat I luv 2 do God is good
Uhhmm...apparently this dance is the Derek show...
Preschool daughter's favorite road trip game: Mama, guess if I'm looking at you!
how's the baby doing? Finding time to workout?
...meant learn *more* PHP and become better at it than chuck it and focus on Ruby from the ground up.
WTF! Tami come on man you gotta do better lol
not yet, not exactly, but def losing that client.
Lightening up business people's day by singing TSwift to them in the lobby. I am so going to heaven.
What was your most memorable part of Market Days and if you have outrageous pics, send them hehe.
The feeling you get when you understand something in math class..
Lizbeth, was that a hint?
Thanks! “: can collaborate as view only, edit & add only, & edit, add, & delete modes. found under "create".”
Fathers day is coming up, ties are the perfect gift! thesilktie.com
#whitepeople s #Lameassnigga tweets are funny.
#Apple = genius, right? So why cant I add a photo to an email I'm composing? We have #Siri but no in-email photo additions?
hahaha we thought you'd like that!!
Congrats to the Gotham All Stars!
yeah it was pretty much snow free January so can't complain.
I don't find the NFL draft boring.
opportunity is a given in life.
so tired :(
can you send me the pictures?
The Pigs At The Trough.....who NEVER get enough!
Midden family is hilarious
yes. Apes was great.
I got that same thing from the same number!
1) I see nothing wrong with pressuring Obama from left & expecting him to act like a Democrat in 2012 cc
1976, my bad.
You know it girl! I'm too excited! It's gonna be the best one yet! *happy dance*
Bravo and Congratulations on opening a your art gallery. Good luck at the opening tonight in Marina Del Rey, CA!
Looks like I've been hacked. Sorry.
Aaauuuggghhh my sinuses!
IBM analytics technology helps with MS research - Health Imaging
Burma! why'd you say Burma for? I panicked.
that is the most amazing thing I've seen omg I'm so jelly!!!! Ah
Happy bday to the most amazing awesomest coolest girl in the world
DAMN IT!! I am still on Twitter follow limit. Those bitches are doing this to me specifically, I mean come right, WTF here? THOSE BASTARDS!
Just discovered #Chocolove Cherries & Almonds in Dark Chocolate!!!!! Simply Amazing!
my puppy :o
Excellent post! Hourly rates tend to affect culture as well.. another harmful effect. Hope you are doing great.
& some chocolate <3
Traffic will be sumtin to look forward to when all cars r selfdriving. Til then Ill continue regretting owning a manual transmission
So good to see the great driving the #98 car at Daytona. It is going to be a big season!!
Aw, thanks. You might want to follow too—fellow NC'an (albeit in Asheville), writes about culture and politics.
Hey just too say change your password the dm is a hacker. Dont click on it hun!
OMG. How big is that burger? I feel sick just looking at it!
Tonight 6pm @ Culbreth Theater: Engaging the Mind features 3 UVa professors discussing Civil Rights, Women’s Rights and Human Rights.
thanks Harvey DM me real quick
If it feels good, your not doing it right.
Quicker path to the majors is Vitters. To me Flores has to hit double digit HR this season & not sure he can. I roll Vitters pal
I almost had a heart attack because I thought you followed me.,. It wasn't you... :(
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday..............Spread Love
This is gonna be good..
what flowers do you have tattooed on your arm??
I'm just throwing this out there, but is or is not "the crow's nest" an over-used codename for clandestine or secretive locations?
so what if Biden says... smartass...good for him..just keeping it real and real people can't handle it!!! Whatever
Which circle of hell is reserved for people who have the headsets and play video games online?
Don't invent in people what is not there.
lol I kno how he feels. But when ever u wanna get better hit me up hopefu;;y u got ps3
We will be open on Sunday,regular hours.
I miss my puppy.
howdy y'all!
Just finished d of e - oww my feet
Thinking of starting a band called The Fat Bettys.
Brr. Many fails today. No umbrella. Borrow someone else's. Wind turned it inside out. I'm very very wet anyway. No more short walks in rain.
I try to block out time each week to spend away from work, even if it is during normal "working hours".
oh no! Why?
Dinner and drinks at AND no work tomorrow?! Life is so good! A perfect way to start my weekend!
yeah. For the Zappos Vibram video.
I truly think Marshall and Lilly are one of the cutest couples ever...
Enjoyed my baby 2nite
the smaller your thumbs the better your hands are for 10-fingered typing. I rarely use only my thumbs to type.
#Dance History Fact|American #Dance & Screen LEGEND~Fred Astaire was born as Frederick Austerlitz on 5/10/1899 in Omaha #Neb~Via
One day you'll realize you miss me But just remember you left me and I never said Bye. <|3 Follow.? RT.?(:
bad karma
: looks like your talk was spectacular. Wish I'd been there to meet you!
At the Villa Merced Valentine's Event.
Kick Up Season
Out to walk before the snow descends.
Awesome girls night "out"! Mizzou wins! Kids quiet in bed, on the couch w/Hermione watching "A Fine Romance" w/Judi Dench life is good.
On a quest for sushi.... non non (hopefully)
Umm I'm hungry...and I wANT SOMETHING GREESY
KEEP TRYING!
: official sponsor of AA
"where the dmca was surgical, pipa and sopa are nuclear"
follow me please thk :)
If you're ever looking for a registered investment advisor to manage your 401(k), let us know. Happy to refer you to a proven firm we trust.
Ugh today is going to be a long as fuck day!!
This game is frustrating me. >:O
my favs r I love u death, ghostride the whip and whatcha gonna do with it. :D U?
the message! my secret? i adopted this thing pretty early. and sometimes I say clever things to celebrities.
Snuggling with my puppy! Time for some sleep!
just wait and see!
Me and my bestfrenn conversation right now >>
You are rubbing in the "i'm in NOLA and you are not"
it's gonna be so freakin' hot for pants and boots tho, thank god there isn't a dress code. Make it werk!!
To the people who have hired me, and not flaked, I wholeheartedly thank you.
I also have potato soup. SOUP SOLIDARITY!
Going to be in the 80's next week!
OKC Balln on dem bitches,,,,, K.D fa M.V.P!
well, I'll stay in Long Beach, from there it takes only 40mins to the inner-city of LA :)
#NYTM ...in the clever words of the CartoDB founder himself "SQL API is a real man's API"
awkward moment when your dog is staring at you when your eatting o.0
Google "yellow cake"
was going to write my commitment to the next book, but felt compelled to do 4 rewrites of the commitment. OMG, OCD? Nah, just picky.
The puppies & kitties are whining Happy Mother's Day at me. LOL
Anybody know anything about , the Association of California Insurance Companies? Want to do better with my money.
If you're white and don't know your privilege, then damn son. Open your eyes son.
Limiting access to advance study in the humanities is not the way to improve the job market in the humanities, says Berman.
I love S.A. so much I wish you were here! Training's still underconstruction lol...
-- QUESTION: How many times have you been sued? Or threatened to be sued? It's for a paper..
Having a drink at M Bar followed by a birthday dinner at Asana
now if someone could sell patience in a box they would b on to something! ~ek
yes yes yes :)
kill it on Soundcheck tonight. Hug for me.
My friend Kevin's her guitar tech...
My mouth is semi-numb after going to Jamba Juice. I'm slurring all my speech now.
Every day I network to begin the launch of homelessdogmusic.com Please submit new music.
Elton John claims that today's music is "uninspiring" and "boring." Do you agree?
Since it looks like the post got cutoff. The saws are discounted to $900. email: for details.
thanx! It was exciting!!!
dj its "lying" not lieing learn to spell
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Undeclared Milk in Certain RED SQUARE brand ENERGY COOKIES
you're at dade??
1of2: Just curious if anyone knows if I enter invention ideas into a Search box to find out if there is already something made by someone,
Anyone with twitter follow us /arvrclothing DEF need to beef up followers! lol
what r u doin on Twitter in class
Good morning everyone!
Jason Bay is a good guy...but Kirk N., Scott I have no Hairston, and Lucas Duda are productive OF! oh and Torres!
I wanna meet some new people, I'm getting sick of seeing the same ones all the time
Join us and make a rainbow hat with a pot of gold for St. Patrick's Day at the River Park Branch on March 15th at 6pm. For ages 4 and up.
": I dont even knoe wdf a demerit actually means !?" A step in a discipline plan. Lol!
~ Yo Mark! It's been a long time! Lets catch up Bro!
Our next #NOLA swap will be in March or April. I'll be sure to share the exact date once it's confirmed!
Well, the NFL playoffs will occupy a January Saturday. I'll settle for 740 on a Thursday or Friday. ;-)
OMG KEKE ALWAYS SMELL LIKE BABYPOWERD >>>>
Wuzup chick!! #Thunder .. lol j/k
suuuuppperrrrrr proud of myself though ^.^
to be fair, I started following you last summer at Kei's suggestion :)
Chi town traffic is insane today!
Top Dunks of the Week
just heard Sidney Crosby was finally cleared for full contact, Congrats Sid, you're one step closer to being back
It's pho time. Indubitably.
--have one on me. how often do you smoke cigars?
Free Hands-on Kids activity Thursday 4 - 5 p.m. at the Brevard Art Museum. No registration required. Ages 3 and up.
Try beating it in total silence sometime...
congratulations! So proud! Best of luck to you ! :D <U+2764>
Hoping to have a torrid love affair with the sun today...
Looking forward to #TheVoice Live shows tonight
Hey, could you tweet your fans about joining your street team? Starting fresh- deleting inactive members, making new group.
Is repression necessary?
what's the MGM invitational challenge thing the winner gets ?
you've got a picture! Love it!
Had to wait a long time. Hope it's worth it.
RT RT #BHG okay, wow. s'mores shut up the whole table. all you can hear is 'nom nom nom'.
Heading to the #ms50 start in a cool light drizzle
I don't think folks realize how big a hit that was for the #Nats, Sammy. The #staff could miss him. Big time.
#luminariasa Fun! Great people & art. Only complaint is the less than artistic beer selection
- that was awesome man, thanks for posting it
today seems like a perfect day for a massage and pedicure....:-)
I'm hungry and Bored
If you want to know what you are committed to, take a look at the results in your life.
My legs hurt like a bitch.
sureal art is pretty cool XD
hahah I don't know if im good enough to be giving out pointers but ill be happy to help if I can...and drink some beers w/you!
Trying to eat as much pasta as humanly possible before the rooster weight loss challenge. Pasta, I will miss you
“: what is that in your twitcon? It's beautiful o____o” a Hoyes Oil Rig! Comes with nail, dome, dish, & dabber.
We do those too. Send us an email at or . Or send us your email and we'll follow up
tomorrow im gonna try and aim for getting 10000 points on App Trailers! I WANT THAT ITUNES CARDD!!!
is loving #SXSW! One more day left... #rockinyourhealth Come see us in booth 1339!!
We are praying for you tonight at our service. Blessings man of God!
that moment in the conversation where u realize "oh wait, ok. i'm never going to ever talk to you again. like this is our last conversation"
Seminar with Susanne Lundin talking about the commodification of bodies and body parts as an extension of the global economy.
#yes let's do it. i live right up the street from your office.
what do you want to study?
#TwitterCypher "im the hottest up and comin, hundred miles and runnin, kid bright like the smart guy, but still go the dumbest"
Thanks! Green tea could be the best energy drink. A quick yoga session really helped me today.
Agree RT : He deserved it. I want to punch Marc Davis in the face, but Rondo deserved it.
Anyone ever notice how awkwardly spelled 'awkward' is? I love it when words perfectly represent their concept.
This IS a good day! Do it more often. “: Here's what I did today: Slept in. Ate a pop tart. Read fashion, gossip and cooking
Maybe this world is another planet's hell. ~ Aldous Huxley
come back to chicago =/ i remember the first time i saw you at the House of Blues :D
Enjoying this coffee to the fullest before a long day of work!
Johnny Damon. Please help extend this Indians winning streak.
is editing video, and combing through some audio..putting together stuff for our #loyal listeners/fan base
I do not want to be at work right now. And Im working a double fml
that's what we're having @ my house!
omg i shit myself i was like WHAT how do you know what top im wearing! im wearing a justin one right now ahha but what top ?
Hey Jon Just checking in - how did you like the Designing for Reusability 2.0 webinar?
You are lucky maybe that is why you have such a good view of life! I bet you help them as well!
So... what are you doing tonight? ;)
Pdx winterhawks are our only hope
Thanks Roger for sharing Amy's blog with your followers! Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday :-)
RT : Suicide isn't cowardly, wanna know what's cowardly? Treating someone so bad that they want to end their life.
yes, I believe it does!
Anyone know of any ASL interpreters? DM me if you know of any leads, I need one tonight.
Haha nah. Just some heroine. No big deal.
Opening this weekend!! Make your reservations! 414-502-7368 80 degrees! New servers, New huts, New cocktails, New food options!
For a second I thought that was directed at me and I was all "WHAT??REALLY??" then I was all "Oh..not me D="
Ready to go
I wld pay my boss $100 to let me sleep for the rest of my shift right now I swear
Thanks for the A CITY OF BROKEN GLASS giveaway RTs!
good one!
This stupid bipolar Florida weather....
now I want cake too :(
Come pick up your free Grizz headband all day today @ FedExForum. Gettin down to Grizzness
I'm not gonna.. its alright. No naggy customers.. get payd more. I can actually do overtime. Lol its prettt chilld.
I love this!!
What would you guys do if I told you I was one of the boys? Just wondering.. (:
It's raining
Atty Gen Jim Hood is not a fan of Barbour. Said he ran the state like Boss Hog.
: elderly Indian woman sitting next to me at the Marriot bar says "Wade is very good. I think Miami wins tonight." And how, lady.
I hate having to start conversations first.
#RAGE RT RT : On 4/12, Twins scored 10 vs the Angels. Today is their second highest scoring game this year.
No distrust made him waver concerning the promise of God...fully convinced that God was able to do what he had promised. Rom 4:20-21
Damn! Barton of QPR is a thug and a half!
There's just one life to live and there's no time to waste.
jealous lol have fun bro
Hey Rocio! Next time you're near 4th/Boyle or #MariachiPlaza, stop by for a tour!
#Bookzilla was exhausting yesterday... but of course I'm back for more today. Heading out to see Edward Hirsch.
gosh, that's a tour made in heaven. Come to NASHVILLE!
Great piece tonight on All Access at 10:35 on (ch4) w about &
Three more finals to go #summer is approaching:)
WI Wear Clothing company Will be here soon!!!!!
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
this is getting absurd. the holidays have broken and i apart. we need to get back to where we were two months ago.
very welcome. Holla anytime.
totally in love with #Walter. Have rescued three strays myself and they add nothing but <3 <3 <3 to my life. What an angel!
Packaging makes a difference in family activities: fancier packages = more perceived importance.
Hi, I'm a Wantit.
Wish me luck guys<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> I'm home...
you act like you are doing so much for the troops when you are just giving them nothing but undercard fights
only a thought - my brother's firm went from full IT Dept to one part-timer. Depend on his model of course
Wisdom out the ass
Already exhausted! And this weekend with guests at home is officially starting today! Thank god I bought some wine!
I'm talking with a chauffeur
lol I saw it !
#WorstFeeling= forgetting any symbol included with a # makes it non-searching ;)
Jesus paid the price for us, But you have to pay your tickets lol
women who make the money > women who spend the money
I hate when ur friends post all over thier profile how much they love ur bf
I'm still waiting for this game to turn into a Yankees Classic.
Chicago friends, check out Chi-town transit inspired tees!
Happy to help
Listening to David Sedaris live in #Rochester. Hilarious!
Played hip hop and top 40s garbage a few years ago, opens for house legends today, that's the epitome of local politics gone wrong.
so far my classes suck but I'm hoping they get better
But im back doe
but what did POTUS order? Callowhill, right?
we have dc weather. 70 and little/no humidity.
The sincerity of this family is so pure. True happiness is so apperent and it fills the air with love and everlasting hope.
What group-friendly attraction do you like in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
The single greatest World Series game I have ever seen in my life..
Seriously NBA Playoffs just need to start
I'm so sorry, but now I have to steam clean the coffee I split out while laughing so hard at that tweet.
come to Miami c'mon son
It is good to see #JamesHarden playing again.
Morning all its friday lets have a great n blessed day
I can tell : I'm bored
Off to school now, guys! :\.
Nuggets making mincemeat of the Lakers. Go Denver!
I'm talking about Amile Jefferson committing to Kentucky
You too, again thank you!
Pinterest users say they're afraid to pin products b/c they're afraid they'll sell out before they're able to buy them.
New Jersey tomorrow.
I have a friend that says "Arthur-itis" instead of arthritis. It makes me giggle.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Church went great!!!!
am learning to embrace Halloween; does not come naturally!
Awesome song \m/
Would be happy for him? I don't wanna.
The team keeps getting stronger everybody welcome to Tuesday nights 7pm-9pm
RT : that's why internal SoMe space is needed. #realwplearn <--Absolutely. Just meant where you go is defined by what you need
i'm too much of a perfectionist for life.
Thats awesome! “: Someone told me they started reading books again because of me. That made my day.”
I am a content deliverable
so I forgot to put nail polish on both hands. carefully applied three coats. looks bomb. just one hand though.
on Fox has been awesome so far! Another TKO! Belcher is a beast
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)xoxooxxoxoxo
Keep an eye on your inboxes. Details of our next events will be there soon.
Revenge of the Inge
: The U.S. involvement in Libya as a precursor for future involvement in M.E. nations, such as Yemen and Syria.
Take a pledge to stop rape in conflict. Upload a photo or video with your pledge and include the hashtag
may your pampering go well :)
ice on our street...we are in 38119 by Hutchison and Lausanne. What about Lausanne??? Open? Closed? Thanks!
don't thank me I love u give me 1 reason why I won't follow my Idol ..!!!
Going grocery shopping! <3
The Artist's dudes wife with the camera phone realizes this is being filmed right.
Doing new headshots today with my friend Envelopes- looking like some good shots.
yeah I'm thinking of the blanket or a water bottle humidifier...thinking about it, blanket's probably better
RT : Q5)What activities could you design or structure to ensure that learning is more of a stream than an event? #lrnchat <Godd ? Hm
promo me 30x amd i will 30x
like I'm God here we go lol.
The best memories come from bad ideas!.
thanks for the kind words, come drink some riesling!
talkin about how u need a woman...lol.. silly... no one needs.. they want
That was over-confidence or sheer ignorance. We had never even held a Commonwealth or Pan-Amercan Games, We were behind other (next)
. and I are creating "Fridays after 5" bingo cards for silly fun. What are you likely to spot on the DT Mall?
I'm back and want to share some of the crazy dating adventures I've had via Craigslist.
NEW email..make a note ...thx
Great Wall of Mars, Grafenwalder's Bestiary, Weather, A Spy in Europa
your commercials tonight are comparably louder than the tv show I was watching.
haha. noo. your taking my last tweet wrong. I thought it was funny how y'all already knew he was about to start something. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
How many miles is the monorail system at Disney World? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of...
Looking to network with Modeling Agencies and Record Labels for our Organization. Hit me up!
just so confused about our relationship .
Nice flop, Steve Blake. Somewhere Anderson Varajeo is golf-clapping. Poor can't BUY a call.
at the hospital with my grandpa ... hoping today won't be his last day... :'(
Just a heads up: Henderson Libraries will be closed this coming Saturday, Sunday and Monday in observance of the Christmas holiday.
Oh this Man City game is unrral
The type-oriented contents pages organize material with similar characteristics and formats, usually by topic
so Magan Fox is out of Transformer 3
I feel like absolute shit, have a drs appointment in 10 minutes.....I fear I will have to sit there foreva.
I just miss what I had, I'd rather go threw hard times with than without. My heart is full and I just wanna spill out what its full of.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results. George S. Patton
it's a well known hazard of outdoor nightie-wearing. not that i'm trying to dissuade you
Every great opportunity is not a God opportunity!
Thank you for #militarymon mention!
##FF who is strangely obsessed with Horses and eBooks judging from his post but must be a decent dude.
It appears it has been. We'll be sure to keep you updated on new postings from !
One good thing about Sharia...Metal thieves would lose a hand!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
rocks. Now going home. See you at Tap by one. First round is on me.
Quick Hits: Usability Problems Hurt ‘Do Not Track ’ Technology In today's Quick Hits, we talk about the effectiveness of Int
Many THANKS to all the volunteers from and and for coming out to our Dog Days event!
RT : Need some more followers from the hood....#TeamHillDistrict where tf yall at?
I can understand that
Every Woman has a Breaking Point yall
Math SMH why do we even have math?!?!!! -_____-
TweetDeck on the iPhone or Desktop?
when are you going to crickets? Via
Whew, I'm back at school and working on my prospectus after a long hiatus.
Working on my rhetoric, techne, and DH paper, I got an idea for a paper about Twitter where Twitter is considered a category of thought.
reaching in isn't a foul, it's just good defense
Rep. Ted Poe (R-Texas) says on House floor that EPA should be renamed "The War Dept." Probably not going to happen.
#SXSWi is right around the corner! is gearing up for a good time in Austin. Come see us, booth 1339!
New website up and invites your presence, now: www.sullivanstpress.com
You guys want to go see Book of Mormon with us?
Early Monday morning dabs of Cotton Candy Kush Wax. Irie!!!
Make sure to drink some tonight to avoid being hungover for reading day tomorrow...
did you survive carmageddon? :)
no. Just giving folks who follow areas by the District number. He is at his home in frankfort this weekend!
But when you're a nervous wreck, you can drink, so I'M jealous.
4.) OKAY to shout mean things at the opposing team. NOT OKAY to be mean to anyone else.
Good morning. Had a heck of a weekend...back to life back to reality...
Camera's face recognition detected the faces on some of our prints. Can't decide if that's impressive software or amazing print work...
Devil's Playground- decent movie, though they tried to drive it with a plot, not a bad thing, just was expecting a more typical zombie flick
Alright tweeps need ur help. Want to buy a horse farm in the Clinton/ New Franklin area
Feeling lonely? Know that your best friend is with you..... God! x
- insert Obama's name where Cains is and see how that sounds
Have an ART-tastic weekend in #PGH, everyone!
Access, PowerPoint, Word & Excel: you use them every day, but are you an expert? A 1-day course could change your work life!
Great article.
I think that is the 1st time we've ever heard Vin Scully personally align himself with the home team, referring to Ethier as "our" hitter
Follow me?<3
I was saying at work
Hey there! Let's see your tweets!
Ready to hear Jason Griffey speak about the Future of Tech.
Tried to, to many moving parts and it's about horse racing which is a lull most of the year anyway. Got into House of Lies.
When adding media, thinking about if it will help the learner (not just cool to have)
Interior/Exterior painting experts. Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's painting Con. Lic #630616 www.mrdspainting.com
Probably should have bought life insurance instead! ;)
Yes mam' I did.
we hope you feel better
#FF His and her shopping
your the only acception !
just as long as he doesn't poke you in person you're ok
Been there so I know how you feel. Never did receive that email though.
Are we REALLY chillin at 399? 1 person go sub! You could win mass effect 2 for the 360! youtube.com/michaelandnatetv
I just realized, I have no one to tell corny jokes to anymore :O
Walking around in my cap. Shit.
that's right....and yes it was amazing
I have been surprisingly productive today! Happy Friday!
Going to see Tower Heist this evening for dinner and a movie friday with Tom.
Thanks for the Retweet!
"i kissed a 7th grader on the neck tonight"
You without me is like cornflakes without the MILK!
I think so too! I hope it turns out the way I think it should. :)
Goodbye, hero.
did you end up resolving your Fusion Tables KML to GeoCommons issue? sorry we didn't see it before
you are welcome; have a great weekend
We would love to come on your show. Talking about the most advance Gps unit in the world..
thanks for following. I noticed that you have 3 locations. Would you like to find out how to make 200 extra sales per month?
Whatever..hey are you ignoring me?
#uknowubrokewhen u ask sumbody to borrow bus fare to go ask for a loan lol
many people have called me very bad names because my Twitter account is i only got it becuz they didn't want it!
It's amazing how my simple smile can hide all of my confusing questions,.
it was also nice seeing you:-)
you need a pic of some kind! Get rid of the egg.
oh you know, trevor got zach to grind on me..
your words of advice to ladies is bad advice. Leave before looking elsewhere if she is not giving u what u need & vice versa.
Get too close and you can be burned.
Asian Carp for dinner? Just finished a meal of Asian carp spaghetti, tacos, chili and even hot dogs. It was surprisingly good.
she all trying to get me looking a mess, and then she going to put it on instagram.
Hm what toy aisle category would a Slinky be on?
the brownies actually tasted amazing.
#ImThatPersonWho won't give two fucks about you unless your with me..
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. ~Pablo Picasso
thanks for the follow - interesting stuff on your timeline! Will watch out for your tweets :-)
Will there ever be another band as awesome as Subtle?
Docs are so afraid of malpractice and are coerced to prescribe drugs...
i really enjoy finances-the whole budgeting, saving, earning something after you saved-its rewarding to have discipline in that area
leavin in tha mornin to go to myrtle les get it
an online course in ruby, hosted on a site written in php. hm...
she's the one asleep on a toilet seat with the end of her tail dangling in the water
The library opens at 7:30am.
Awesome! I loved it! :)
Thank you to all the moms and dads who came over to work on the crafts!!!! The girls are gonna LOVE them!!
I've changed my handle! Living dangerously...using my first and last name :)
#techtuesday How do we begin to support this information selection in kids, without taking away their curiosity?
How can you be tired? One Direction's on SNL!
Trying to hold my composure
Mind keeps running endlessly like centipede
Thanks Daniel
Miller: worldView identify collections & build new views-personal collection management. Eg display on timelines and embed into apps
this is sha'meek president of FLE and 2originals manager..having an hard time contacting u on FB, are u locked off?
Yes! Please send them! I should be working on it tomorrow afternoon.
the say 'people lear from mistakes' soo put my in as the mistake :)
My portfolio looks so good :)
hey it's my sisters () b-day, can you PLEASE wish her a happy b-day?
Great to see while I'm back in Omaha!
I think we're seeing the last of Ron Paul
where are you??
yeah! maybe
I love big daddy!! ;) haha
and see there you have 5200+ and you responded. Thank you and thank your dad for me. Great show and awesome cast.
I can't wait to clean the bathroom tomorrow. It's going to be awesome.
Khaleej Times Sport - tennis
RT : It's the last day of Super Double coupons Go use them! I saved $33 and I'm not even a dedicated couponer!
Don't tell me no.
What would your view of #love be like without the influence of society and media??? Hm..... I bet u would recognize them when u saw them
At the Green Bay Polar Plunge 2day.Ready 2 jump (again) 4 Team
where's Tanner?
they don't actually engage better then reg schools on a whole. Some are good, but "choice" is silver bullet that harms kids.
but im still
I have to remind myself that really good people can be blinded by lack of knowledge and personal experience.
i felt that guy got a raw deal. i hope he is released.
I don't mind driving on toll roads, but I don't think I should have to see billboards every 500 feet when doing it.
Hey do you remember insulting at Sundance? What a wanker, lol. But Judd is bloody awesome. Good times! Cheers!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza!!! Any 14in pizza, any toppings just $12 ! Saturday Only
I wanted to get my master's, it was in my plans! No longer...
Why does Trimet dispatch 1-car trains at rush hour?!
Public Safety mtg 10 a.m. Council will discuss recent findings of fire dept audit.
Do you happen to have a web site that I could check out?
Yeah, I'm leaving at 2am. Got accepted to school there, job pays better, and closer to Ty
There should be a minimum glitter requirement for Broadway productions ~ (learning ab't union contracts/minimums)
gonna go to my boyfriends baseball game :D excited
wow lol how are you
I learned some important life lessons tonight I can play guitar with stitches, life isn't as bad as I make it out to be
"Once you get on the Cain Train, you never get off." Horror movie tagline or presidential campaign slogan?
We're still watching a movie in geometry so I don't have to go to tutoring <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
lol seriously!? Wish I was there to see "Crazy for You"! Love you.
Also, LARDY PARTY
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
Ryan Braun's suspension was overturned, and Woody Allen is nominated for 2 Oscars. Take that Hitler.
"I'm not a businessman. I'm a business, man." Jay-Z
The John Edwards sex tape is being destroyed. Ah man, I was just looking forward to never watching it
Yay! We're a winner at ! Voted Best of Remodeling in the Design category! Thanks ya'll!
I saw your letter from a college in Wyoming! Hahah
craigslist man. Good deals on there
crying i wish i was at right now :(
Can we get #3on34Niebs trending. Can you give a shout out to your followers? We've got money to raise! :) Thanks so much
in your dreams sharpening guru? Seriously? Have not seen a single scissor that even gets close to mine new website coming
i want to recapture the surrealness of the dream i had last night where solid mass became liquid and cactus flowers danced and shared wisdom
aye brah phone died but just park in the front of the complex , were headed there now
Butt In The Meantime
We need to get her flipping tires too SE!
that was mean! #freakishlytall gotta love being small! Right, ?
We are working on my new website today! Is anyone interested in a sneak peak!?
6. Studies suggest there may be a link between gum disease & cardiovascular disease. Brushing & flossing teeth helps ward off gum disease.
...not to mention time riding your new bike!
I just said the same thing to my husband! He obviously drank some crazy juice!
I wonder how ERB would take this anthology. How do authors usually react when someone else writes their characters?
none of the above?
This medium is very facilitative of misreads
- Love the artwork on your site!
I will make you tap.
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb wax from Green Dove. irie!!!
The reason the grass looks greener on the other side is bc u cant c the poop from where u r!
Anyone know a good resource for online book groups? I'd like to start a private one for long distance family.
yeah, there are a few highlights, but I think it's better to take advantage of the empty restaurants this weekend
Danger Danger
Anyone going to spac DMB on Saturday the 9th from #roc? That I can #carpool with?
we had a lil BBQ today, and chillin safely on the couch now. I'm old.
Awesome...Mike is great!
Dammit! Brewers, you got um next game!!
That's what you're all about! Congratulations! I'll try not to ask you too many questions for your next column.
omfg, is this the icecream truck or am i dreaming....
yea den we can go on our piercing date lol
Drew puts Lakers up 7. Get 1 of 2 on the road then handle business at home.
I agree MLB legends are born in October
Final four games today!! NCAA Championship Monday. Basketball fans unite!! Watch all the games with us.
Me too! lol Come by sometime when you get a break from work!
But I still can't SEE you....
it's fun haha
who was your favorite diva or superstar growing up who inspired you to be a wwe diva
shit idc he can bring some dayum chinesse food for all care shoot he not gonna get far imma be like this my girl bruh!
what it do!!!
Q-sex? with me? A-tahahahahaa. not no. HELL no.
Lol RT : ": Huge show that day , whats going on man? How u been RT : may 24th"damn Donnie you ...
The diabolical violin teacher has figured out a way to make the child practice everyday. Oh goody. So cute a screechy at the same time.
So salt, no more Mo for my Yanks.. They'll still reach the AL Championship atleast.
"If you wont say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets. That's how e-thugs get introduced to beef."
Just finished a new ring design. Pics soon.
buttons? Gumdrops?
woke up early !
At a Secret Panda Society concert, not sure about the music (dubstep) but they got panda hats on so they get my approval
I have reached the point where all my edits are in and it's time to forge ahead with the actual
Santorum - worse debate performance possible. Terrible.
All i care about is money and the city i wish i was from.
I can't even act like I didn't just spend $10 at
in what manner? I moved here in1995...
I want a Unicorn towel and pillow pet. Is there something wrong with me?
Rain, Rain, Rain....which means you are in need of new Rain Cosmetics stop in today!
A 5k on my lunch hour. Suck it, cold virus.
i feel like im in a oldies kinda mood :)
See you at the Hyatt in 20!
Coffee is NOT included with the mug! Developers didn't say this anywhere. 1 star
Celebrating another anniversary today--2nd anniversary of ACA passage-preventative and affordable healthcare for women!
I believe it's true that today a large percentage of people just want to be a victim.
Thanks, really would appreciate that!
I want you but don't need you
Definelty tanning when I get home
I wonder if we didnt have music, what would the world be like...hm, i think boring as f*$&*
Back at Atsides today 11-2:30 stop by mention Twitter or Facebook and get $1 off Konezee is King
KFC sounds good right now.(:
RT : Men are so effin retarded and get on my nerves!
all nighters with , part two!
Thanks for the follow! Did you get Samantha's entry for your photo contest?
Meeting NOW in Middleton, 4th floor presentation room.
chillin with my friends what bout u
Who is at Passion???
time to do part 2 !
same just watchn the celtics game .
welcome to BMORE. You'll see me at M&T rocking Crimson Tide & Mt Cody jersey!
occasionally on a work-from-home-day I catch fire and write until exhausted. today was not one of those days. i blame the twitter.
Ugh..work is SO boring today.. :-/
US Ed reform is confusing many. is developing #ondemand ED.Great insight & project.is this the future?
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
The clave will never go out of style. From The Band to , it's so good!
but may have got eaten by cats this week, i haven't talked to him.
Not sure if this is news but heard that Kathleen Falk likely will be running for Governor..not happy about it.
What a performance from Driver on #DWTS! Who agrees that he should have received a 30?!
we shall soon find out lol, will be making my way to SD the end of the month for a weekend! I'll hit u up!
that's actually kind of tempting...hm...
Yup, I read that last night. Good!
Time to download every country song possible for summer car rides & concerts? yep.
same here...bout to go ham watchout
Where's your man at now?
good!! how r you?
Thanks Eileen! We appreciate the feedback. If you get the chance, show us to some of your friends :)
“: 4 students AND TEACHERS: "The righteous person faces many troubles,but the LORD comes 2 the rescue each time."Psalm 34:19”
There are lots of potential upsets this week. I think Arizona State could easily beat Missouri at home on Monday
": Studies suggest that girls/women are more attracted to someone who can make them laugh. #AGirlJustWants" so true <3
Over time again...
Gabon, Botswana, Tunisia, and Kenya lead the way in mobile penetration in Africa
Brewski's then ferrell's on a Sunday in #fayetteville_ar, there is nothing better! Both places:great booze, great prices!
Victim of #surrogacy scheme calls defendant, Carla Chambers, a "greedy con artist who shopped babies to highest bidder"
#Romance tip of the week :The next time you are at a store your mate likes, pick up something for him or her for absolutely no reason.
Today is the big day! Wake up and time to root for the & ! sunshine
Dog like. I cant even understand why u jus came at me like that..
Are you going on an expedition? I flew in one of those from Boston to Bangor, but without the clear blue skies. Enjoy ;)
It's the worst!
RT : I dont go shopping. I go buying. If you have to try it on, then you dont want it
I'm exhausted from all that burning and shooting people I did last night.
Thanks for having Dr. Dave speak on energy efficiency/being green at the breakfast yesterday morning! What a fantastic group!
i want fried chicken /:
glad yous alive.
Well, you have certainly peaked my interest. Really looking forward to tomorrow. See you then.
Watch out march madness here come the Jugadores!
2012 features Shalaw on the cover!!
fcc allowed cable cos to strangle it
hm I can't wait to watch the game!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from all of us at SHDC!
thank you <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#WRESTLEMANIA28 was epic but is still running the show
I'm seeing The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk at SXSW 2012.
Hey Matt, any thoughts on Doyels column proclaiming UK will dominate every year.
Seth hid my frappe. Dick.
I know #Vegas #blackjack players want some cameraderie but lady, I'm not rooting for your $15 #doubledown to win.
BostBizBootcamp thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
When the fuck did Adam LaRoche start hitting in the months of April and May?
wishes you an amazing weekend as well!
Haha do you say eh at the end of all your sentences? Lol and I have a friend from canada.
Well imma go.. I have surgery in tha morning
Itz No Such Thing As Part Time Hustlin.....Get Yo Mind Right!!
When it rains it pours.
Gotta get the rest of my stuff up out this apartment then no more drama
You should be able to store your things w/out worrying about damage or security. Your stuff is safe with us.
don't wanna kick it with you Justin! Haha
Being heartless is the only option left
I haven't emailed my CSE lab partner with an email address linked to my Facebook account, so I can't imagine how they suggested him!
THINGS THAT I REALLY DO: Flush toilets with motion sensors on them by waving my arms like a wizard.
Josh smith's gettin traded for such a weak shot
": I has the exact change in my pocket, but I was too high to speak. #stonerjewproblems"
I never thought I'd be the household without toilet paper. Looks like I'm holding it :/
Broasted Chicken has been very popular this week, so let's do it again. $1 off buckets today.
thanks! We can't wait to wear them for Pride.
You got me lifted shifted higher than a ceiling And ooh wee it's the ultimate feeling You got me lifted feeling so gifted ... <U+2764>
ReEntry is an opportunity for us to come together, discuss plans for moving program goals fwd & prepping stdnts to adjust to life at home.
life to short to be sad for so long
I'm scaring people because I'm so angry.
Me equivoque, dos.
RT : I can speak 2; English and Spanish…a little French, Italian, and Na’vi. LOL. - ZS
#MacBook Ultrabooks to MacBook Air: Time to step up your game
Update: The court has "temporarily lost" the case file. No big deal.
Yes! Discover ur TRUE self! Ur right! RT: "...you are not who you think you are...you are actually more and better..." (via )
Thank you for following me! I will follow you as soon as i get off of following limit. xox
Beary Basic hooded towel sets make wonderful baby gifts. Wash mitt and rubbery ducky included! Splish Splash!!
A kik message saying "Hey Beautiful. (:" is a wonderful thing to wake up to! :)
Any chance Carmelo Anthony is traded?
thanks so much for your RT today!
Happy Thursday! This morning is going to be a morning on my way to the Chocolate Blues Fest.
Drinking free* RedBull all day keeps the mind sharp and receptive to innovative ideas
Missed you at SXSW! Maybe next time!
Philippe Hersant has a couple of great pieces - "Niggun" and "Hopi."
Can you run for office and effectively do your job as a congressman's top aide? Steve Danon's opponents don't think so. Story soon.
RIP Facebook ? What is this even all about anyways..
Bfast, lunch, nd dinner consist of these cough drops.
Great, thanks for the tip!
if you can donate an instrument please send to : Music Team SF- MofT Attn: Seth Mausner 791 Myra Way San Francisco, CA 94127
Well you'll just have to come back! We have our HomaGrown showcase going on tonight.
Watching "Andrea Mitchell Reports" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Waking up in time for the House retirement speeches, one of my favorite parts - the awkward man hugs among #mnleg colleagues
Did you guys invite the drivers to the game?
Designer Diamond Engagement Rings
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind....
This is one of those moments I miss the Minneapolis skyway. Where are all the takeaway options in downtown san diego?
likewise...bout to call it a night. got work early In morning
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future. Interesting.....
It was, but John being so hilarious is what makes it so great. Never gets old.
Hey followers watchin south park but was wondering
Its supposed to be gorgeous today. its gonna be 69 degrees later(; yay!
Let's go #UK #Wildcats! Beat #LSU !
when I tell you how I felt, I expected way diffrent. yeah im special to ya now. smfh!
Media discussions coming to mobile apps. Hooray!
WeBeGreater.com T-Shirt sales party @ Aventine aventinesf.com today from 5pm. Buy a t & you could win tix to Sunday's game
Gah so early. Well good morning anyway! Hope you all have a great day!
Uniqlo has not called me back. Hopefully the other 2 places I applied to, hire me soon. ^_^
New followers
i agree.
#975 is the number tonight on
RT : Great persons aren't accidents! They are results!!! Make It Your Moment!
I just gave the maintenance guy a Reese's. It's called selflessness. Or disgust with peanut butter, whichever way you want to look at it.
Thanks Katy!! Much appreciated!
u got too much joy to grill!!!
Comon saints hold on only 1min 30seconds your can win!!!!
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:3
its cool love but goodmornin (:
Myrtle Lawrence of Wellsville just qualified for #FroggyFlyaway to
Greinke on-deck.
Where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right, is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong? ~ Jane Austen
RT : It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
awesome! I just want to make quality movies that are remembered
Is Twitter messed up? Won't let me add anyone! <U+E421><U+E421>
Congrats to all the Grammy winners! www.gailboyd.com
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in a visible & tangible fashion. ~Honore de Balzac
I love that! Good job
lo idk its been a while since i been on and i come to a mention that i never text u back..??
#iusedtothink showing up late to class was cool.
Hope you are doing great! I just saw some old pics when you came to WGCI in Chicago like 15 years ago!
And you with yours! Yes! My parents were married in Logan, UT, and my grandma grew up there.
So you're pointing to the Galaxy reserve team guys who are rarely in the 18 to prove a point that LA are getting younger?
Certainly! Enjoyed conversing. Maybe Mr. Weber will lend his interpretation as well.
ha rlly:p are you trying 2 get him to follow u??and honestly all i did was follow and next think you kno he followed back haha
Holy shit you guys, I feel SO HAPPY right now. It's weird, and awesome.
I hope you have a great weekend! It's always nice to see you online!
Let me see that tootsie roll!
Anything that Rihanna touches turns to gold...
Lost Dog Name Not Given - $500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI.
If you have musical talent, does it need to be shared, or can it be used solely for personal comfort?
Lets go
yes from Chicago and love Justin!
not fly if ur wrestling another guy....they go hard a little to hard.
I swear is the sweetest,funniest new amazingly beautiful person ever <33 I love you
I wanna be FOREVER YOUNG!!
hollywood undead was amazing! cant wait for ffdp and hatebreed.
Seems like everybody is breakin up, new years resolutions? Lol
como a las 8:30. Ok bye
thanks! re "Congratulations to the #Zepheira team on Recollection progress and the LC keynote at #SemTech"
there is only out of 10 25 does not exist what did you give her -25 i think you did ha im just kiddin but really
Ha! You aren't alone RT : I think my smart phone is broken.... I pressed my home button but I'm still at work.
3rd Saturday in October...enough said.
"so the people started to sing / and that's how the surf gave birth, I'm told / to California Soul"
blah blah blah Drew!
This book I'm reading: I love it but I'll be damned if I understand a word of it.
Remember when you used to be funny & not constantly pushing your products on twitter?
I cant choose a favorite lyric! :s Te Amo please notice me! #20millionsofbeliebers :(
Does it make ME weird that I need to rationalize a taco's construction by comparing it to a serial killer?
First ever boot shine. Thoroughly enjoyed.
Friday Night PARTY!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST! Open 'til 6am! Call for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
Are you going?(:
who's better
My birthday is in 3 minutes. I'm turning 14! Will you wish me a happy birthday, and follow me?! Please. <33 It would be GRAND
Did some shooting for the first timee!
Where's the good looking guys at? Eyyy
RT : #shoutout to my newest followers and :)
All day been feeling like it's Friday
I never ask fer favors , but when yu ask me I'm fucking kind enough too do it . Grimmie ass bitch .
for 3 out of the 4 of us, this will be our first time on the road entirely. Bring your friends and let's get loud.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have. -Marge Piercy
FYI Sadat was killed for 3 reasons: 1-made peace with the Jews2- protected Copts and now be ready for the 3rd reason.
And the Boras secret team appears. Not a bad spot for Prince. RT : fielder gets 9 yrs, $200_plus mil. said close
Missing #thevoicefinale tonight. Worth it? Possibly....
Strapping the sick kid's mother into the right seat....mostly for weight and balance. Nice lady, scared shitless. LMAO. (On the inside.)
I'm tired af.
haha congratulations! yeah is there a way you can see when you got your twitter?
First night of musical auditions for WORKING!
Where the hell has been??? Are you alive!
Good Lord, I look good today.
yellow is looking pretty bad... I'd say that they got the week off
omg tidal wave of RFQ & leads.
Great tequila tasting tonight at with tequila guru & enthusiast
Ugh, I'm nervous right now.
Yeah, and you look forward to the day when she can actually sing the four questions :)
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ANSWER YOUR PHONE WHILE SHE IS CLIMAXING
I hear you. I just think the NFL will be a 2-hand-touch league soon...
You aren't wrong. It is an all-too common practice, I think. #opt-in-is-best!
Praying for Drew's family and friends.
Watching the #Devils play is like viewing a hockey museum exhibit from 1999. I'd like to see Brodeur reach the semis one more time.
Gonna be a cripple tomorrow, no matter how much I try to stretch out tonight. This is the price I gladly pay to play my sport.
Steady songwriting discussion with Kevin Fox and John Kays over the past few days. Known these guys for years, but band = vital as ever.
Just got scolded by the cabbie for having a sandwich in the cab. I wasn't eating the sandwich, but the mere presence bugs him. "No Food!"
#youreatool RT Having a #productiveday, might go to bed bath and beyond, don't know if I'll have time
Well we'll all have a blast! I'll start planning the vitamin water recipies now ;)
You can always count on one of the Daves to save you.
SEPTEMBER 25 - NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION DAY!!!!!!!!
after telling her "I am, but I can lend you an ear and you don't have to worry about me judging you. Afterall, you might not see me again."
Agreed! And we should absolutely love what we do - I just don't believe it 's THE trait to look for. .. :)
RT : Nine out of ten people who change their minds are wrong the second time too. ~Unknown
It is fantastic! I don't follow her on Twitter...but I will in about 5 seconds!
Im sexy and I know it!
RT : understanding someone does not mean you necessarily agree with them.
Nicki Minaj In The By My Side Video Tho !
Thanks for helping me today. You saved me from a lot of work tonight.
That could be an interesting episode. I'll consider.
Two weeks from today men's basketball has it's first official practice.The journey to be champions begins.
Posting of employees rights notice now required on Jan. 31; Board postpones deadline to allow for further education and outreach.
anyone walking across today.. just so you know a simple SKC hoody is not near enough clothing.
Good Point. BT Hoagies and adjacent DQ are awesome. Discounts available there and as well.
“: Tornado emergency being declared for the city of Wichita.”
Exciting things in the works for Ex Libris coming up...details soon :)
And we will meet later to finalize the details...
oh my god, you are on a roll!!
you should. lol.
Oops! We will be shooting today with who is AMAZING! Excited to get in the studio with her today! :)
welcome #WillieRandolph to Baltimore
I just finished "The Daughters" by J. Philbin for YA and still working on the third book of the dragon tattoo...you? Xo
Ah, yes. Two of the other things I hit "Going" on. This Friday is out of control.
I LOVE ! A nicer guy does not exist in the biz. Please tell me you've seen his improv. Its ridiculous.
Currently seeking representation from a management company and a good agency
absolutely! Great words.
Fellas don't try to get a females attention by grabbing her, that can get u cut, stuck, tazed or mased. Besides
The other has been a stellar volunteer photographer photographer for us #Astra ;)
I'm sure your left handed counterparts would disagree.
mine either. It's Monday :/
“: AND I LIKE YOUR HAIR. lol” -- thank you.
on the Voice = -Dead- He did PHONOMENAL!<U+2665> That's my boy.c:
Good morning, Iowa City. We're all set up and waiting for you.
“: haa! i can hear the click of his platform glitter heels now...” truth
YES! RT : YES! #UWsocial RT : Don't you think a liberal arts education is perfect training for social media?
We're glad to be "emerging" in Cleveland--join us on the journey.
your last tweet made you sound gay, which then made me think of the Eminem poster. ;p
Just woke up from a dream involving the Duggar family.
Threw my support behind on Americans Elect. You should too, Twitterverse.
Good Morning. How was your weekend?
thanks for the retweet! #health #innovation and #health #engagement is the answer!
You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you"
Pizza in the newsroom? Must be election night
you're on my radio!! #fangirlmoment <3
It is not necessary to return to the past, it still will never be the way you remember him
thank you!! you did to girl :)
Certain words don't sound write coming out of certain people mouth..
re: scream vs. scary movie. I gotta say, I missed the black people
My heart goes out to all of the people suffering in japan from the hurricane.
I've been WAY too busy this weekend :/ i can't even focus on my homework right now...
Now THAT is a quesadilla!
This was a really good chapter :)
Profound: "Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted."
Initial release of app in iTunes store. Not final yet. Some confusion over free vs fee. App download is free. Annual Service fee to use.
#1017bricksquad took over the industry
concert was the best thing ever tonight dahvie Im the 1 tht gave u the rubber bracelet&gave u a pic of me&u at warped Plz reply!
durant im ur biggest fan bro i watched every game since super sonics man
burning the midnight oil before I leave for MARAC in the morning
#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this.
A little spendy, but well worth it.
Happy New Yr to all! I hope every1 ate their beans or 12 grapes, which I just learned about, or whatever u do for luck & a good new yr start
dishes and then brownie ice cream sandwich
24 hours till you're only worry will be your hand hurting from banging on the walls“: on a greyhound bus to mount laurel #again”
#awkwardfinale equals not what i thought was going to happen.
First time in 7 some years that I'm not working in Retail during hols. Almost miss twice daily calls at 7a and 6p.
Awesome. I didn't know you taught yoga!
Usually 1 day a week my team meets &poets to work. It's a great way 2 get us out of the office& collaborate on cool stuff
btw that picture you tweeted me it won't show on my ipod can you tweet me something else to post?
Oh demetria, you are always fashionably late...ALWAYS
Bout to go straighten my ratcher hair
Let's Talk: What's your favorite exercise? Could it be walking? How about cycling?
thanks man. Pretty excited
"At least we know what needs to be done to stop Skip Bayless from talking about Tebow for an episode"
Are you on Twitter? Do you consistently tweet?
“: I Love to eat. All day, any day. No matter what.”
Girls have periods, but guys have question marks????
6PM they are pretty awesome! They have nice shoes! :)))
Going to #Pittsburgh for Easter weekend -- looking forward to being there, seeing the sights, and having a great time!
17 days until sanctuary tour/ma date wkfoqmjfw ehehehe
Very nice.
#WRESTLEMANIA28 wins #TeamBringIt Great ass match
haha i can picture ur face kid... fix it
My phone is gonna die :( sucks but I have my boo to look forward to soo everything is ok :) love u babe
how are the fans out in phx these days
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll."
I'm so nervous again
Goal 1: find uniform. Goal 2: get out of bed. Goal 3: stay out of bed. Goal 4: go to my game.
Why do they call it taking a dump? Shouldn't it be leaving a dump?
today is my birthday, can you guys please tweet me?
“: Whataburger :)” Grab me a #4 or is it a #5 Whatever the bacon one is... ;)
since I didn't win I am going to ask Obama to send another drone. what was the winning line?
im serious.. i need yur company
What chapters need to be read? I have to read them..lol
3 tests tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Marcus Camby aspires to be an elementary school principal following his #NBA playing career.
is a cutie :)
Make it a reality! #possible RT #Dreams Going to Hawaii in a boat, trying new exotic food, scuba diving, swim, surf, volcanoes
RT : RT RT if you stand w/ Pres. Obama in support of millionaires paying their fair share in taxes.
OMG I WENT TO JUSTIN TIMBERLAKES CONCERT TOO! Yay! Can't wait to see you soon!
Those nurses who put in IVs, and then they are all like "I can't find you vein" and start cramming the needle around in your hand.
1. Josh, you are dead wrong on "Taken"; 2. What about "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Thank you! It was a very nice (if rarely repeated!) feeling.
All the good shows used to go to St. Andrews, but I think I've been to only one in the past five years.
no, where did you put the damned things? Guess I'll have to slip on my Nikes...
is summer vacation really over? just when the weather changes (cool down)..... hey there Mavs fans, what did you do this summer?
RT #TheWalkingDead i'm sick of Shane.
well then.
Enjoy! RT : moved our bday dinner for tonight for my daughter's 17th - heading downtown to - fun!
thanks for the question! is now confirmed.
just finishing off my last duties as NY-area rebbetizin
TWC is trying to compete with AT&T.
All this talk about #leapday is making me do double-takes, thinking folks are getting hyped up for Sam & Al. Perhaps a marathon is in order?
Eric Clapton is going to take a look at our trailer. Woop woop
“: If you live in Chicago, go to at some point. Flavor tripping courtesy of Homaro Cantu.” it's makING life sweet
well normal people are asleep right now on a thursday
Keep your new Spring Rolls special on the menu. Those are delicious
The Mexican national anthem. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ha ha mi grito!!!
You know whose music I dig? Powell Beats. Bout to cheque out his new one
No. Did you see Tom Blair's column yesterday ?
never better! On my way to teach boot camp. Looking forward to seeing you next Saturday!
Grog Shop tonight in Cleveland! Come check us out with and more!
i just love restricted calls t(-_-t
LETS GO LAKERS! about to go off.
Gettin a Hawaii quarter. fuck yeah.
Great time! Makes sense
I see a ghostbuster!
Localization involves translating and localizing the front end of your website into different languages.
blacklatern says that my signal service has been poor lately
": The most successful people are mavericks who aren’t afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks it’s obvious."
RT : Thanks for running an article on our very own in this past Sunday's !
Meade Personal Solar Telescope with Case Package error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
road grindin two more hours
Night crawlers vs night bawlerzz
I am powered by
yay! spring break(:
Waiting on 18 for the first group. Here comes Fuzzy, Crenshaw, and Arnold!
i love wrapping xmas presents
Just heard that one of my mentors passed away on Tues. I will forever be grateful to pianist and B-3 organist, William 'Big Daddy' Sailes.
After chat with girlfriend, she didn't know if she's had an orgasm. How many ladies out there don't know if they've had an orgasm?
Great time with the youth from Highpoint in Memphis. Talked on Gods heart for the nations, poor, hungry, homeless, naked & justice.
judging the life I live I'm not perfect and I don't live to be but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean
you can normally get REAL Cadbury at a Cost Plus World Market if you can find one! And tons of other imported food
that hasn't been the case so far, seems Dems having a hard time raising $ for Super PACs b/c they ideologically oppose them
Oh please
"for some reason blowing my nose reminds me of swim team" - Henry Was ()
In the new place...Loving it...The cold sucks however. HoHoHo
Somebody decided to put me in the captain's chair tonight. I've got the conn in about an hour. Warp 7 Mr Sulu!
#HTH2012 Ritter ends with need to have a strategy for digital vis a vis memory institutions. Yep!
NFLX stock moving all over the place. Buy the strangle or straddle options.
I hate having to walk on egg shells. Either I'm doing something right or wrong. There is no neutral in my life =\
follow me TwitchTV
- This is the official Casting page for your MTV Catfish Casting Team! Can you pllease RT? :) Thnxs!
I wanna be your it girl
I love Pubcats!
2 days till the #R5WestCoastTour concert im going to starts!!
Get it right ESPN! Fantasycast frequently shows a team's in the red zone when they're not, ie during kickoff
Enjoying the #RISD KC meetup. Who knew we had so many alumni here!
": Playing the penis game during church #YOLO" bahaha i've so done this.
I'm ready when you are...let me know.....
Watching Modern Fam is so different now that I know that Obama is cool with Mitchell and Cam.
Smart way to sell some issues...I guess. But yes, highly recommended article.
": It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. - Vince Lombardi"
PLEASE RETURN items taken out of truck at Barrel LA. REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Turn on ! Wolf Blitzer is about to interview Alan Gross via phone from Cuba
Well, this is the MA. I come back in the fall to start PhD work in my new department. So "done" is not the word
Just got back from az gave away a bunch of stuff I had hope they all enjoy
farmers daughter :)
The only person in the stadium size theater. Score!
Really enjoyed the awesomely endless parade of ugly prom dresses at Spaghetti Warehouse tonight. I wish I had my camera!
When I get older. I will be stronger. They'll call me freedom just like a waving flag... K'Naan on repeat today.
Happy to help!
OMG. Golden birthday = forever ruined in my head.
so chacin had a pretty good night
If I'm Hammels..I'd hit Harper again!!!
No murder weapon, no DNA, 7 eyewitnesses recanted their testimony, and Troy Davis still died. Something is horribly wrong here.
oh ok. Thanks!
April is Child Abuse Awareness Month. Be part of the solution
<--------Still no one has correctly guessed who this guy is.
love love love this!!!
"don't kid ourselves w/ one entrepreneur in garage starting a new industry" deep gov't involvement started tech.
Just a little over a week away from the Heartland Worship Institute. If you're not coming you're missing out...but it's not too late!
very true!
what were you doing?
add me on face bock .. maria morales
In the office before 7. Suck.
AMAZING specials tonight!!! Amberjack fish and papaya corn relish, grilled shrimp and mango salsa on corncakes and a Coa ice cream sundae!!!
Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
What is he then?
give that pooch a contract !!!
I don't want to know how many hours...days...weeks I've spent looking for images.
you look like Shaggy!! :)
Taking part in the virtual free 21 Day Meditation at The Chopra Center.
#BelieveItOrNot I'm walking on air.
Or another biggie: How do we change the cultural values so that history IS important? How do we make it heard in the cacophony?
+RT : Most #Virgos don’t trust easily and do not like intrusion into their private life.
Fuck around get ya ass checked! No deposit Lmao
not yet!! It's part of my plan for 2012!!
Hi Twitter! Where ya been these four months I've been circumnavigating? What's that? Found something interesting while I was gone? Pray tell
Most companies dont want us to know this is how they f lease us w/reconnect fees, deposits etc. To keep us paying and poor.
Dear kiosk man: insulting people is not the way to get them to but things from you FYI
I feel u on this shit! ": New year on tha rise.... Bout to start moving around some of this dead weight"
Polson is adorable!! But seriously. Putting in your bench would be a total slap in the face to Baylor. It might happen.
shorewood? I was thinkin about heading there in a bit to be productive.
I smell a lot of things when I'm shopping.
- wow so that's what pencils look like in Budapest!
I love Twitter because I can vent without people complaining about it, unlike Facebook. I hate people on Facebook.
I think I want a new phone, I wanted an iPhone but I've come to the conclusion I love my Droid <3
This year cinco de mayo , has been great. Lol now Time to meet up with these chicks to drink margaritas
love is not real
It's GREAT!
Cody Simpson shirt and some rockin pastry kicks :) <3
im at an,easter party and they have this huge fruit salad with strawberries in it and this is like my 3rd serving!!! :)
I have to keep reminding my self "everything happens for a reason" :-/
1 hour left until I can tell you my big announcement....#ICantWait!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What links us? Can you remember JFK? Not me. Can you remember moon landing? Not me. Can you remember when Elvis died? Me, too.
At first I thought it was Kimi wanting to go outside but it was his mother Cleo. She just jumped up on the bed for some rubs.
“: Paul McCartney: I want to call my new album "Kisses On the Bottom". Record Exec: Um, please dont. Paul: Fuck Off.”
"The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list."
Then it must have been someone else (more smart tweeting). Wink wink.
Was just handed a five hour energy sample on the street. How did you know?
you just showed the location of the Portsmouth brewery and not the redhook brewery. Two different locations
No...I'm editing the drinking issue now, and I'll have a few more reviews while they wade through resumes.
Digital infrared thermal imaging for radiation-free cancer detection & mammogram alternative. 4/14/11 at 3pm-7pm
hey you!
to make you you stronger! An wont get annoyed by others anymore!
i know right so just dm your address to me and I will send you a letter if I can.
in the south :) skåne ^^
Making my summer reading list. Any suggestions? :)
can our card shop get a follow Best of luck!!
So many things on my mind. First how awesome is #glee going to be tonight. Second why don't I have anyone that calls me
I was literally working on my iPad, talking on my iPhone and listening to music on iTunes when I heard about Jobs' passing.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. ~Henry David Thoreau
gettin their asses handed to them might teach them to STFU
I'm from St. Pete, but if you think the #Rays wouldn't pull better attendance here in Buffalo (even w/ #BlueJays across border), think again
Always expect bad things to happen because wen something gud happens it makes it so much better
": tweet me lol" tweetle me this tweetle me that
locked up :(
Tickets for non ticket holders go on sale tomorrow for the event: live at Dont miss out!!!
just realized she pulled an all nighter on a saturday..studying... there is something wrong here... subconsciously preparing for lawschool?
awesome! thanks!
T-1 hour!! Flying House is a go!
absolutely believe it! RT A sleep-deprived person may be more prone to depression, heart disease and hypertension.
Omg! I'm having withdrawals :O
Great way to spend a birthday :)
Perfect soccer weather <U+E022><U+E00E>
At least I get lots of free beer haha... Too much really... #myfreebeerbringsalltheboystotheyard!
Fair enough. Maybe my Luddite mother is getting to me -__-
I hate being super hot! :(
when?! Where?!
can a FLY FLY=Hm
I agree completely!
hmm I watch the news, and sometimes disney channel but not usually lol, and glee and stuff like that :) you?
I am twatting at 11:23. I mention it so I can say twat.
just woke up, starting to get ready for work
meet me at the locker right ?
I do enjoy the tweets. Lol
didn't mean to make you jealous!!
Bad idea to take a walk....
Wow. Are they the TMZ of politics or something?
your to cool I'm just decent lol
Aha. Damn.
I can't wait to hear the new album! Love you guys so much :)
"A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing."
Like a road trip with a fun-crazy hitchhiker who won't stop talking. #Fridaylistens with ' LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
that's wonderful to hear! What kind of farm does your family have?
We have a great cast on board for our reading of Best Ever Creation Story Contest by Eoin Carney for
City spaces seem to crossover with physics- 'nothing' is unstable, it will always produce something.
What the hell? I finally join twitter, tweet joe scarborough once about his MSNBC Obama love & he blocks me. Is this the way twitter works?
im really happy u came out to the show btw
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments
.. I heard you may be in Birmingham this weeken. If so, come see MWM at The Nick saturday night. www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Its whatevs lol ": the worst feeling"
my laptop sounds like a weed whacker.
just finished the winnie the pooh book in kingdom hearts, every time i see it show the cover of sora holding pooh's hand i want to cry
That's one of our tenants- I LOVE that place. I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
That's good to hear.
Just had a pulled pork sandwich, could go for a smoke*
thank you for all of your help! Hope WA is great.
What a productive day of real estate! Showed the most beautiful condos on the ocean today
It's messy and slick on that field... The boys started a little slow, but picked it up and dominated after the first 12 or so.
RT : RT: "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." ~Joseph Chilton Pearce
"The only films that make a difference are films that make people uncomfortable"- Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy. What films have impacted you?
oh ard making sure u wasn't cheating lol
okay maybe because Jade started the Kitten thing and all the middle schoolers copied her
well in that your way negative about whatever you subject yourself to, I'm gonna guess you hated them both. Am I close?
boom. you rock! thanks!
yeah ik!! O: thts so scary!!!
I cheated my ass off last time when we got to the Eagles. I can hang if I can cheat.
Just chillen with my mom.. ya know. just a little insanely excited.
3?! U go girl! I didn't work out today. :-(
"Clap on. Clap off. The clapper." - Gerald R. Ford
Good Thursday morning! It looks like rain today! Stay dry and take cover, but make sure that you enjoy your day as well!
Summer is making a comeback this week, but it will not last! Stop by for all of your winterizing needs.
Life is true! Life is earnest!
my work is closed on Christmas eve <U+263A>
how bout no
#Avengers as advertised...Awesome!
let us face it: It is hard to collect debt in a tough economy.”
My winter-bread-blues days are almost over! Lyon Bakery is returning to the outdoor market at DC's Union station in May.
Guy remains in tree while police consider what to do. One last structure remains in park.
just played monkey in the middle with my boyfriend & my brother.. what is wrong with us?
My ex sent me a sweet text early this morninq I wish my damn boyfriend did that shit :(
Happy #FollowFriday! Science Enthusiasts
Moneys what I'm bout tryna get so much that I can't keep count
husky right? Love those dogs! Mine is shiba inu
The Crew will be up at beach house in 2 weeks... Our #YearlyTradition for Memorial Day Weekend...
Thank you, John Cook, for your time putting this article together. Much appreciated!
Late Night 5k and I'm still not tired
:( you will soon <3
Oh ok. I like when texts me back.
#AFS11 why has folklore declined? Bc its called folklore (hootenannies, hippies)
Overcrowded bus but field trip to nassau county police headquarters than nathans
The LBI Foundation has sent out their new catalogs- don't forget to sign up for some Glass classes with moi!!
no not yet bf
Not wearing any makeup is the best feeling ever.
Topics: Make us all Google Analytics geniuses.
hanging out with the family tonight:)
I will tell some guys to follow okay
im not ufollow u
big news! finery, our journalof art + literature, will now be an online publication w/rolling submissions, which we are accepting NOW!
true. How do the kids feel about it?
Love using photovoice! Wish I was there to hear!
I already knew you were cool. This just confirms it!
Fire at Riata apartments. If the only Dunkin Donuts in Austin burns down, I am moving.
Snow is on the way- it's the doc's bday- my childhood wouldn't have been the same without his pithy rhymes guiding the way
You beauties on a plane? Or did u land already?
when your so high you feel like a rusty robot that needs to be oiled.
“ “ I like food more than people.””
lame...wish I had thought of that one.
BREAKING: John Elway trades his daughter to JAX for a piece of pie.
Yay I get to see my boyfriend later. <3
People of Los Angeles...what channel can I watch the Blazers vs. Clips game on? Any chance of getting the game in my hotel room?
There are frosted Pop Tart people and Unfrosted Pop Tart people. I am definitely in the minority.
Yes! I think that Kate's gap is from 2:30 for an hour? I can even be there a few minutes early and put in the order so it's ready.
Lets go punk let's go punk
congregation interacts. It's history is rooted in the tradition of "passing the peace"..it's good
Its a #StrangeClouds type of day! love the album
i will buy u another one if tht helps plz tweet me back shank u
Google Chrome logo and the Beach Ball of Time are Evil siblings working against me.
I lost my drake shirt!!
I think I just saw Lyle cutting random grass in a random field in Chippewa
Show some physical archives love! They're the means by which we've come to understand present day methods :)
Two months away from the official release of our book, FELON FITNESS.
that's so nice you give nurses a place to sleep!
Watching the Naudet 9/11 documentary for a class. It still makes me cry every time I watch it.
swag doesn't pay the bills lol RT i don't need a life......i have SWAG :)
Scottie the genius!
You've read it once but not like this. Get new Scags app and read Scags at 7 all over again but as a Living Book. Please.
Cedrik Dubbs is the winner of an incentive we ran at The Ellis Hotel. He won a two night stay!
Thanks for the RT
wow... this has made my day. Thank you for being beautiful inside and out! :) Happy Friday!
yes. Thank god!!
Applesauce or berry-based syrups. Couldn't be easier.
Tired, waiting up for teenage son to come home from movies, I'm feeling my age at the moment,ugh!
I think your science teacher forgot to tell you that the Earth doesn't revolve around you, it revolves around the sun.
For right now, I don't care where I end up, because I feel like being anywhere but here.
Wiz, new mixtape is better than ever, I swear.
My iPad is all smudgy. It looks like the iPad of a 4 year old.
We all have that one stalker guy... Named david.
Thanks for all the memories, Carl. RT : Fenway Park will never be the same again. Goodbye, Carl Beane.
you attending or working?? I'll be there. X
Good morning ! On my way to work, got such a busy day/weekend ahead of me ! Motivated & focused though. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Haven't seen it yet, but so great that you referenced that concept. I love that that idea has a name!
We are just about to get started here !
Lol no ... He will be by mid-season. In my opinion.
It's amazing how many people don't know two of the votes were from MLB rep and PA exec. Only vote that mattered was Das.
the amount of ridiculous memories that flood back when you listen to it is insane.
Also, GCB reminds me a little too much of family reunions in Texas. Perhaps this is all a sign that I need to visit.
Raggedy Ann could NEVER be a barbie BITCH
ENJOY!!!! Nice long weekend....I'm off till....God only knows, I can't wait to go back to work!
Taking a moment to honor those who have served and the Survivors. Several liberators, POWs, and Survivors here. Many veterans.
Phewhhh finally out of NJ, reloaded & heading back to AR. Drop there tomorrow nite & turn in bills on another good week, 3800 miles ;)
Peyton Manning to the O's.
Twilight Zone scripts and master sound recordings are at UCLA Library Special Collections!
hoping library has Inet access today. yesterday was long and unproductive. webworkers do not work so well w/ out web.
thanks for the mention! Yes we are based in SF with global programs and peace exchanges
As the dawn is breaking up the darkness, the morning star will fade, but never die.
What a beautiful day & our patio is open! come in for $4 You Call-its and $6 Pizzas!
Haven't been on in awhile but I'm bak ((:
#Bulls are looking great! Gotta love the
yaaaay what's your username ?
do you think you'd use something like skej? would love to hear your thoughts skejnow.com
The bunny is not as nice as santa
I love my #Daddy:)
"so what I got a #yellow bitch"
Badmotorfinger mode is *ON* at today.
Watchin disturbia the beginning is good
Have fun and tell them hello
- ouch. But so true, sad to say.
It feels good to wake up and look forward to the day! Life is so much better when you enjoy your work.
i wanna take a iconiac to see titanic3D.
everyone who has ever contributed to Lucky Peach. Bye Bye.
I have spilled a cup of water and a cup of soda today, maybe I need a sippy cup
me and the other dude on the track haha my bad we always rap together
crazy ass! LOL
Hey , does the spit or swallow?
Awesome day making some connections and talking about the future!
Listening to Pink Friday: roman reloaded for the first time... Love it!
I thought you already had one (;
HA! You have no idea how much loves
thank you!
lol great comment!
I was not trying to shade Rih, I actually felt that WHYB was going to be bigger than WFL. Excuse me for liking the song.
Finals are a pain I've been getting prepared all day
congrats on your win! Please follor us so we may DM you with further information on your FREE bag of tea :)
More editing and more writing kind of day. A not thinking of results kind of day.
Today in 1966, Dr. Martin Luther King visited Miami.
40 minutes into THE KING's SPEECH and Colin Firth just went from zero to hero in my book!
Need your restaurant patio power washed? vegaspressurewashing.com
end of villain phase Zero down, Ra at 5, Fanatic down, Legacy down, Tachyon at 2, Citizen Dawn at 40.
the song i would pick would be jessie j price tag
<3 you're so sweet :)
Support of family or friends is a great help to keep you on track with weight loss.
I've seen people who think hope is a strategy & don't plan. He did a great job!
' Oomf just too good for the ppl , gets on my damn nerves!!
could be worse, but it'll still probably cost way more than it should. Glad you're ok.
Sometimes I feel like taking a trip down to homestead by myself just to drive... And think....
What *are* the books on the reading room shelves for?
CHRIS BROWN
I like the way you think!
Excited to check out for the first time this Sunday.
Its just another moment When one stupid reply can lead to the walk of shame Its just a drunk text This is the last time I ever drink & text
I prefer Ode To Joy, but I've been a little constipated lately, so.
"these grapes are squishy..i'm committing suicide"
Preparing for Hurricane Irene's fury... Philly area might not get the ocean issues, but we'll get the storm and floods... UGH... Here we go!
Thanks for RT on our contest!! Can't wait for Thursday! Vanity Insanity!!
Back in the lab with Daiyon who flew in from Chicago to record here in Denver I may be a small studio but quality I can guarantee.
same number?
fiddling on my iPod while waiting,where the fck are ya.
Lmao why am I not surprised, we think bout same things same times.
Our Resveratrol contains NO animal, fish, egg or dairy products. There’s no reason for vegans to steer clear.
yes sir! Are you jumping this weekend?
Earth hour people! What about #MM2011?
Anyone want to grab lunch on campus?!
Can't stop now =)
Building stronger walls this time.
Gearing up for the big Raw Deal Prod. Anniversary at Red Eyed Fly on Sat! We hit at 11:30 PM. Prepare for the Rockness!
Whoa!! I was literally just talking about that with my friend a half hour ago.
Swayze's dead, Jennifer Grey's like 90 years old, and they've 'remade' Dirty Dancing dozens of times since, anyway!
haha I got you soon homie just got some stuff to get out the way
Did you know that there is a real-estate specific mobile check-in app? Neybor.com/Footprints lets you check in to listings and neyborhoods!
Dressed right, for a beach fight.
“: RT me some good luck got my last final of the semester bright and early this morning” I hope you fail
gross dude
Lax ===>Chicago... can't wait... its been way too long ...
Mobile Apps for your biz or organization. Works with iPhone/Android, Blackberry & over 900 other handsets. Contact us today to get started!!
I'm going mountain bike rideing this weekend. Can anyone suggest a nice trail in the ABQ area?
Bedtime! Got my exit interview tomorrow for graduation <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
RT : 500 FANS ON TWITTER! WE DID IT! Congratulations!
Where at kiddo?
These cats are shit/puke machines.
Only 179 more days until the 2012 Maritime Ghost Conference... but who's counting?
Restaurant Week Now thru September 3rd. Come feast on Kat Smith's amazing dishes!
RT : RT : The #Packers have FOUR touchdown drives of 75+ yards tonight. Three of 80+ yards.
I did not just set my eyes on 10,000 dollar shoes....
Now I'm just waiting to see how long it takes him to notice my tweet ...... oh, now he's noticed! ;)
Duh. I reread my post and saw you could tke it taht way. Sorry not to see you in London...
my number one favorite from young and the restless
Happy #leap day! isnt that so #interesting! PS stop changing your handle.
Will there be a consumer social network for #SmartGrid enthusiasts? People are building it, will consumers adopt?
Come on new york, we're about to release the exact location of the prize...
Finally ate today
Took a header off a ramp. Will quite possibly have a black eye. It was so much fun. To quote Tony Wilson: I'll definitely be doing it again.
Any #APteachers or #teachers in general know where I can find the College Board's statistics for what age of students take different tests?
#TheStatusLounge at Saturday 6/2 3p-8p sounds by l 2 VIP cigar rooms l Food specials l complimentary
I'm not a bad person
My mom and me been through some struggles since my mom and dad seprated that I don't want my kids to go through that .
RT : Many people don't set goals because they can't actually see themselves attaining them.
Yo I'm TOO tired ):
Thank you for the retweet, sad to hear of Murice Sendak's passing, -Mark
or for customer identification and authorization in high security systems. Example: 23N7 (General Motors)
There just isn't enough tar and feathering going in these days.
yep- it&#39;s listed as a chat site so the filter got it. If I fill out a form and make a good case I may get it unblocked.
louis cagami. follow me.
My mother is starting a road trip, I meant to text her "drive safe" and accidentally sent "drive sad".
thanks so much for your help today, it came in handy, but then the conference wifi crapped out on us.
Happening now: Packed for the game. If u r off tomorrow stop by tonight for food, fun and the best staff!!
and there was a roll call and the bots crashed the party
We rockin this Monday morning!
I did not receive an invite.
Watching Friends With Benifits :D
I feel like #kevinmitchell 's number 7 should not be worn by the likes of Gregor Blanco...
I think today I will drown my sorrows in some goat curry from savoy. It's the halal thing to do.
Hendrick Motorsports joins Petty Enterprises as the only teams with at least 200 wins. Petty Enterprises has 268 total wins.
Juniors: Labyrinth – Anniversary
I swear when Josh Smith bring the ball from one end to the other, my heart stops. Smh
Why don't we play something these hoes will like?
please call 311 - thanks
Dani, do YOU assume a man is gay if he eats one of those items listed?
Homemade Pizza for dinner? #IThinkSo ;)
Wow! Editing your promo for Friday night story. Scary stuff. More to come.
hey , why did get all weird? And where is my diploma from Viral Video Film School?
undisclosed location. check your email.
Diablo I is now available for preorder... You can put it on your V Card.
Up late listening 2 Bringing me back to great times. Can't wait to hear and Schematic!
"There's nothing, but NOTHING in this WORLD, stupider than a LIBERAL" - 17th Century Naturalist.
good job.... fight for your own happiness. You earned it !
he's so stupid but I guess he's getting it in and that's all that matters, she's probably a beast in bed too hahaha
CMON MAN!! “: Touchdown Chargers. It took just 4 minutes, 22 seconds. Malcom Floyd is about to put Chargers up, 24-7”
Hey u watch Falling Skies?
Thanks to Endeca for the chance to talk SEO to your NYC user group last week!
Thank you! We're glad you like it!
Tell us somthing good about
gym at the moment
Agreed! I missed you this week BFF!!!!!!
perhaps it's just that dry sense of humor? (ba du pah)
wow. I don't even know what to say! makes our lives seem so easy! bless her!!!
Friday! We made it to the end of the week! Treat yourself to some tasty toffee! Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Chocolate Peanut Butter, anyone?
(Mr. Brown voice) Bar! Shut your mouth! lol
AWWHHH HOW SWEET!!!! Lezzbehonest, we all know this is about, your truly! Hhaha :)
It's very dismissive, as though your point couldn't possibly be valid. It's insulting.
Sometimes when I am drinking at the airport bar I forget to add my pics to my tweets ; ) OOOPSIE! XO J
can i be a mod or a on your beta
there's not one day i cant spend in guitar class without laughing.
That 16-month-old Las Cruces girl had been left in the yard with just the dog—something someone will always remember, that will always hurt.
Love your Avatar!
alright but just wanted to let you know I miss your crazy ass x)
I'm going to stand on water not float or sink, just stand and play the holy keytar!
That awkward moment when you trip infront of the guy you like.
Can anyone recommend a good food processor? Needs 2 slice, shred, mince, & whip. Variable slicing thickness would be nice.
can you tell me when you will be in Joliet again? I'm dying to meet you, you are my inspiration! Xoxo
Season 5 episode 24 of desperate housewives yay ending<3 & amazing episode.
please prove to me and everyone you read your mentions x
sitting in the Atlanta airport waiting to go to Philly on a delayed 2hr flight.
Playing at the High Dive in Fremont tonight. 8:30.
I wont be able to see justins video premiere tonight. <U+E408><U+E113>
maybe I'll come back once in awhile to pay them (and you) a visit. ;)
Come to Portland!
the pentagon city location on fern st
Power/control over another human being is biggest illusion of all
Crazy the iPhone now has an app that scans ur face & indicates ugliness by submitting u a score...
As more sites offload eyeballs to APIs and apps, their at-domain redesigns become increasingly irrelevant.
Finally leaving and shit
Just another day in paradise.
In 1983 a single parent and 2 children received 63 percent of what they required for basic needs. Today, 27 percent is covered.
2 Mtg. weekend. Look for us at #OAH2012 American History Association and #SAA2012 Society for American Archaeology. Maybe you'll win a book.
gravity, fairytale, one sweet love, and a fun cover would be nice :) See you Saturday!
Looking to buy tickets for Coachella weekend 3. Anyone selling?
tacobell for dinner.
I wish I knew how to dance like these beautiful people here. Make your way down to Embargo in Ft Worth. No Cover charge all night!
"Praying For Him" The Hell Happened To You?
I wanna go to Italy!
Well then maybe he's worth it lol“: lol he will work a count.”
CB Merrill, the one-time Badger out of Cleveland Glenville (tr. to Ill. St. like so many ex-Badgers). Nice to see.
You can't love nobody until you love you so when you do love somebody you know what to do
said that her team is going to take home the championship this Winter season! Who is going to challenge her?
Boxing is not a hugging sport but of course people are gonna find a reason to hate on Money Mayweather. Get with it people.
Nothing like falling asleep to a thunderstorm... Maybe this will cure my insomnia? Let's hope so. <U+2614>
What If I Need To Access My Stored Items? We are able to provide you complete access of all your stored items. We request a 24 hour notice
I hope it doesn't come to that. Same goes for your school's awesome newspaper!
": Lmao!! I definitely have to agree with that."*is that true lol*
it takes a special kind of person to be a publicist - - - i really don't have the stomach for it...
first tweet in months. guess that's what being locked away in a basement will do!
I'll let you off bro
Thank you so much, Logan! I am so excited. And you're internship will be awesome too!!! So proud of YOU!!!
Pressure has been turned up because I'm close to my victory!
Time to workout, feed the kids & get this day going. #occupygym #scriptchat #writing #screenwriting TVWriterchat
uhoh, you're about to get a knock on your door from Kojima demanding money
75% of the Country says #pop not #soda #justsayin lol
really??? Wow!
Sounds good Patti, the weather is looking good as well; was a little worried earlier in the week!
Great meeting with Matti McCormick of Indy's The McCormick Group. Inspired by all the on-the-ball women businesses owners I get to meet.
poem accepted for a Polish-American anthology. Finally, this Polish thing is paying off in more than good looks.
Ugh tomorrows school well at least we start in the middle of the week(:
hahahaha. i knew that ;)
Drunk dialing mom. Its mothers day right?!
And no NL team is even over .280 as a team!
To this day, I have to ask people to date what they are doing. Sam.
So fucking hot in my room.
": Bitch, you're just like Monday, nobody likes you."
: It isn't too late!!! Join #RelayForLife and sign up at the field tonight!!! Doors open at 6:30 pm on Harbin Field.
I'm so sorry, Morgan. I was looking forward to visiting. Love,
I want to call her jane!
It's not over until the clock runs out...Go San Diego Chargers!
I SPENT MANY NIGHTS DOWNTOWN PHILLY BUT I DO LIKE THE BURBS LIFE NOW.NEVER FORGET MY CITY ROOTS
When people tell me I look just like my mama.>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
If you have an event or promoting something & need me to send out a tweet 4 u. Let me help, send me an email
RT : "You are the absolute pulse of what TV is not..." --
I hate morning radio....
For a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the #NFLDraft RETWEET this & follow by NOON!
Watching my favorite movie of all time
Shawty wanna ride with me.. :)
I wish there was a second leaf pick up day in Rochester for slackers - will need a million bags for this.
I thought today was the final.
Good Evening:)
Wait no, poopeeing.
I'm always on so you can catch me
My Newest track will be released TONIGHT!
I do love me some surprises! Thx babe.
Great camera work
The wind is blowing hard at Wrigley. Get ready for some long balls!
Friendship w/ the angels is similar to other friendships. Listen, communicate your needs and take thoughtful action. Gratitude always helps.
+ mary anne doane deliver a quite awesome panel: theory not dead at
I like zippers… Just don't chip your tooth on one.
good test tonite in h town
"Once you have direction, it is essential to take action and do all the things necessary to make your plan a reality." Michael Podolny - S…
Fighting my temptation to spend money right now.
IT WONT LET ME FOLLOW ANYONE ELSE!!!!!!
no I didn't I just pretty much hung out in thornton the whole time
Thanks Jenn!! Right back at ya!! :)
Did you get the DM I sent you? :)
See you at 6, yo. Just walk outside and follow the sound of and you'll find in no time.
thanks for following
Actually in a pretty good mood for a monday
S/o she the shit
I am always in the right place at the right time. Today, I am exactly where I need to be in my life and my career. Nothing is missing.
um Idk...that's never happened to me.
RT oh yeaaahh(: #fail lol (: I remember when I went to the wrong class and & Priscilla where all making fun of me ..
no way ? Wow she bein bougish for that! Like she accepts things she did wrong and u forgave her ! She should forgive u ! :/
In the lab with Crypts. Scary beauty.
great seeing you today!
Make Monday memorable.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
the hunger game rocked <3
Man, I wish I could get frequent flier miles for emailing and using FaceTime™.
Oh never mind its in May ...
Alex's tweet is going to be the saddest out of all of them.
i love your family!
Fake bitch
You still gonna go to Orhs ?
is realizing after all this time the corperate life may not be for her.
#whatitis im not living a good life but i make the best of it so i love my lil life i have going on
I believe your rite
The third does have more weight, but Katniss was rather out of character for much of the start-to-middle, to my perception.
"Don't get married for 'Better or Worse' Get Married for 'Better and Better'..... 'Dare to Win' (Book')
He's in Greece with all of Dickie's money.
"Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose." "I wish, it's a nickel."
O she just "K." you then called you a ratchet ass bitch who streaks. FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
we agree! Mr. pointed out the parody nature of our account on our very 1st day! Observant like a reporter should be.
I hate drama, good day with my two babies and then their Daddy has too start shit....That's why you aren't in my life mf!!!!!
IT'S ALL GOOD BABY, TIME 2 RE-GROUP, GET HEALTHY & COME BK STRONG 4 NEXT SEASON.
corn dog!!
I managed to get fun dip all over me today. Still finding it
Excited that my original song "Lost" received an honorable mention award from West Coast Songwriters International Song Contest 2012
are u down here?
So.... all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right? I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming.
These allergies are really kicking my butt ;(
We are pounding the table on stocks here, with the DOW now down to 11,200. Buy quality stocks now! We are buying call options on MOS, CF,…
If you're local to NOLA you should check out French Quarter Fest and come back in May for the Birdfoot Festival --good stuff!
Thanks for meeting! Looking forward to partnering.
Morning... Why must you come so early?
RT : "looks aren't everything" says the tan fucker with a 20 pac and brute chest. Theres a special place in hell for you.
Celebrating the year that was with a trip to the DMV. Don't be jealous.
The celebrities ruin the dorky joy.
A BIG THANK YOU to Forrest Roan for becoming a Sponsor for our 2012 Fight for Air Climbight For Air Climb on May 19th.
Kelly Peloza talks about newly published book The Vegan Cookie Connoisseur which was released this month. www.cbrdb.com
Putting together DVDs for the last two
*fingers crossed*
Nobody Perfect...
I'm down!
Good morning! I'm at the Ladies Day Out Expo TODAY at the Odeum Expo Center in Villa Park. 1033 N. Villa Ave I'll be here from 10-6!
My phone dry A'F doe
please follow ? please please please <21?
Who knew willy wonka could be so condescending?
I never really used the sharing w/in GReader features. More about RSS aggregation, accessible anywhere I am.
Great interview w/ tonight. Thanks guys, You tweet like a 13 year old girl
RT RT : Every time you don't put an apostrophe in Hallowe'en, a zombie kitten dies again
project seems an attempt to impose peer review (by librarians) on web info so will teachers use it?
no problem! #Haiti holds a special place in my heart. Good luck and thank you for remembering What's gone on there.
This was my favorite glee episode yet! Arties dive into the pool? amazing.
Thanks for the follow, guys. I followed back. Are you guys playing on the Adrenaline Mob show in Pittsburgh?
I sure would RT : and you stating that you wouldn't trash talk the Vikes right now - Sure.
Happy Friday Damon, thanks! RT :
Welcome! Our new night breaking news reporter. MT Changed my handle to reflect that as of today, I'm working for
Treat History like a trusted Advisor.
thank u
I left Crytek almost a year after we were finished with Crysis 2 for a new job in NYC. I have no idea what updates are planned:D
Spoiler alert #WhiteCollar posts. Just got in from a birthday binge and not ready to cuddle up with Tivo.
Off to Golden Gate park for a company picnic. Hello taco truck!
Dang. Well thats a bummer.
Nice. Sounds tasty. I got some porter, of the robust variety, going right now.
Why do men chase, catch, release? lol
Help is requested
BELLAS GOT FIRED :(
I want to repeat the American Red Cross call to women doing private luxury nursing to join the Armed Forces. [1944]
Not as much as we love you!
Do they have a weight room for bball players at #unc? Soft, soft, soft.
#STAY STRONG!
well he says he'll leave in 2min but I doubt it'll be that quick
I love you Mom!
just surprised me with a room at the Oread tonight heeeeellll ya best bday ever already love ya bitch
Btw...I wanted to put you in contact with my good friend, , director of multicultural center at Whittier college, CA
Sloppy challenge. Can't dispute the yellow.
Gross and cloudy Monday. I have a feeling I'll be slightly grumpy today.
Thunder up!
That's super exciting. Good luck!
Right back atcha, darlin! Just read your relocation blog post -LOVE!! I want to see you keep your blog up! We'll def KIT! :D
Lets discuss at happy hour tomorrow
Today's guest is John Patterson, expert in helping organizations effectively deliver great customer experiences and driving results!
sure we can do a collaboration! Can u msg me with your info?
Give me an Effin' Break! Verlander whining 'bush league' because Aybar bunted? Sorry Verlander, make the play and quit crying.
Melky and Pablo
Happy New Year from all of us at Castle Group! We love you all and hope to have another great year! Stay tuned for 2012 we have big plans!
i am like so freaking scared
Some brie & pesto fries would literally change my entire life around right now =(
Aw man. Elias is bleeding al over the place. Ouch
Hello Friday. Glad you finally got here.
The K-train!
Organize Your Photos Like a Professional! Your site will look just beautiful!
hahaha, something to look forward to!
If you are wrong, then accept your mistake quickly
If your gonna make a status about someone at least make sure you don't do it either...
start saving!!!
follow me :)
lolz I didn't know that was a saying
uh huh, uh huh, i feel yu
#themostcommonlies how my hair look good
Game Of Thrones: Rose Leslie On Joining The Series &amp; Playing Ygritte
Sniff it.
Thanks in advance for Chairing the Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force w/ & me as members!
My parents like don't understand that I'm a teenager and I use my laptop. Like EVERY OTHER FREAKING TEENAGER. UGH
Im watching "hello dolly" - striesand, matthau , frank spencer - what's not to like ?
I have no idea how to do this
I'm disappointed my iPhone did not understand I meant 7 am when I set alarm for 7 pm last night...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR! SHE IS REALLY COOL AND PRETTY!! FOLLOW HER IF U WANT FOLLOWERS!
thanks man
CRY ANDY CARROLL, CRY. MWAHAHAH.
I left this boring computer class just to come to the library to get on the computer #smdh lmao
Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl
That must be why our UPS's blipped.
haha I was startin to think the same thing.. Speaking of drunk we gotta hit the bars soon!
can anybody really be afraid of Irv Gotti
Between my iPhone sucking and my Macbook not cooperating, I have a feeling I will be at Best Buy before the weekend is over :(
tell me you did that....
"young at heart" <3 best song ever
Sorry Bro , Acting Like A Dick Doesn't Make Yours Any Bigger . #BeAGentlemen .
Reddick says "fuck you" to Diaz and the Rangers with a homer.
Attention New Customers!!! Receive $10 OFF your first Full Service Oil Change when you follow
VAN lesser of two evils.
Listening to music Lala at work & crying inside that it's soon to be taken from me. Even if Apple brings iTunes to the cloud there's DRM BS.
hahaha! love it!
"Hardest of all is to practice the Way at home, second in the crowd, and third in the pagoda." - Vietnamese folk song.
Almost 50K words for Skin Deep? Hoorah!
I bet skype comes in handy RT : That "I will run to you" video kind of applies to my fiance and I.
words 2 live by!!
The Bachelor's girl talk episode is slowly killing my brain cells..but sadly i like it...WHY
understand. No more from me on the topic.
Your twitter acct is hacked dude. Also are u coming over
after seeing my cousins son dance, my mother in law said "do they have a pole in their house?"
Painting at mom's house today. #90210 rerun on the TV. Good! But it's a Ray Pruit (with one T) episode. Ugh.
Someone hijacked - Don't click anything, its a trap!
HOLLA!!! Welcome to twitter you twatter!!!!
1/2 price bottle night! Drop by today and try any of our reserve bottles for half the price. Summer is here to stay, so drink away #whynot?
's in the Night sounded great ABC's superbowl ad for "Awake"
do you know if there will be one kit for everyone to use or should we bring our own?
you should always be ready. ;-) yours look good though. They should last at least another month.
Have you discovered Screen Import on the Edit Menu? You CAN import easily from other sites...
In Omeka session
You'll never be happy pretending to be what others want you to be (on Twitter or off).
ugh fuck man ;
You saw that eh, Yes I honestly would if I had the chance, but I want to focus on my Charity Foundation.
Got my nails done. Ah feels good to be a girl! So relaxing.
I may or may not be working from home while wearing my shark hoodie....
when are we gonna hang out come black friday shopping wid me <3
Morning, Twitter! My last day in Hilton Head, boo hoo. Happily tomorrow is another vacation day before I head back to work on Friday.
Cant count on nobody.. Swear I'm in my own little world!
": The U.S. is a trillion dollars in debt so if they aint paying they bills I'm not either. It's the american way <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>" ha I wish
Time to enjoy these last few moments of FUNEMPLOYMENT
": play at 2:30pm on Friday? Looks like a long lunch Friday at is in order. What say you, ?"
People think the rules apply to everybody but them.
well good luck to both of yall
Excited to be speaking tonight at the Dallas County Young Democrats! 6:30pm at Zubar, 2012 Greenville Ave in Dallas. Hope to see you there!
Attn all crafter who love animals and want to help over populated resuces and Orgs. visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org
Mine too :(
yeah fenn tower. I think its cheaper off campus but you can't use student loans off campus and I didn't have the money for an apt
Live free, die hard
Garcia draws a 2-out walk.
i haven't had the urge until i seen her tonight and she said what she said #who lol
Yeah, Angelina Jolie is frighteningly skinny, but she carries all of her weight in her lips....
Next Wednesday?!?!?? U gotta be shittin me!
Happy Monday! What is everyone up to?
After watching a music artist on the Ellen show I start to like and become obsessed with that artist.
Sounds good to me
we need you to fight Anderson next cause you would have make it exciting I hope Dana gives us fans what we want
Just completed my brother's college graduation present: his resume.
mitus and this other dude ra shawn
good look nigga where you been lol
How come the time of day with the slowest traffic is called RUSH HOUR??
Once again, Rebecca Black, you cloud my thoughts this morning with your incessant singing.
if that comment was a reference to me,... Your welcome, muah!
seeing you both as well as baby Bodhi made my day! Food was aces too, but just time to catch up-the best!
Yep! New series (Project Paper Doll) starts with THE RULES in May or June next year! :)
In a few mins will be here for the Yards Saison Pint nite! $5 gets you the beer and the glass! Our new spring menu is here too!
It a tounament at rio rancho high, gyms from all states .. grapple mma style , look on web grapplfest 2012
I hope it's a sunny day!
Watkins, Hopkins, Ellington, Allen and Boyd.. Pretty tough
Oh. Hello Um. I really really like you.
that you destroyed <U+E412><U+E411>
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a baguette with a cup of soup.....$6.95
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER.
He can fit a square peg in a round hole ... Stay thirsty my friends.
ACLS Fellows Speak on Emerging Themes and Methods of Humanities Research #ACLS2012 (1/4)
RT Global Entrepreneurship Week starts tomorrow! bit.ly/vnT7Q3
If the Cherry trees are blossoming then the Salmon are running in the Willamette...get your fish on! Lots of boats out there...
I will be on with in the morning. Tune in @ 8am www.kpfa.org 94.1FM
Haven't heard that one--that is awesomely terrible. Is it in some sort of TV context?
A study from Penton Media shows that 49% of respondents were worried about the economy down from 78% in 2009.
I fucking LOVE how Bring Me The Horizon makes me happy
#sfgiants 7th inning is party time
I'd like to give a shoutout to ! :)
“: Alright time for Justin Roberts to deep throat Cena dick...”lol
Less than 2 hrs left! Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
My hands hurt soo bad!!=((
Family picnic today! :)
Overjoyed that liked the drawing I did for him!!! He is just the best!!!
Hope all my friends & Family are safe in NC. Heard about the hail storm. Stay safe!!! XOXO
because you analyze things (I.e. the game of baseball) in a manner that reminds me of myself. Just sayin.
ahaha, that was funny :P
Aw, thanks sweetie!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. Dutch Proverb
omg i love u!! im going to meet u on sat.(:
It's hard to truly enjoy something when the clock is constantly reminding you it's going to end soon.
Its gonna be HOT today! Mention twitter or facebook and get $1.00 off ANY frozen drink today!
LA/PHX/NSH/WSH have never won Cup, PHI not since '75, NYR since '94, and NJD was worst team in league last year, looking for PHI/LA Final...
FREE: Join us at Legacy Church on Friday, April 13 at 6:00 pm as KKIM celebrates 40 Years of Service! Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smoth
I seriously thought she was going to stab somebody ._.
AP Mobile SXSW Interactive Booth Drives Massive Foot and Web Traffic
This year’s Super Bowl could mark the true arrival of social TV — or show just how far it needs to go before becoming a reality.
WAS being the operative word here. What a piece of trash. Fits in nicely with former IU coaches.
RT : We are having too much fun on the show!
hahahaha I know everytime I see that he puts up pictures most of the stuff he wears is for us (: yay lol
Thanks ! It's a great article from We're proud of Chad!
Stefan Demos with 32-yard field goal with no time remaining gives 26-26 tie against Pittsburgh Power at the half.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 13
Well at least I feel good about the exam I just took.
The answer to our previous tweet: 30,000 eggs!
Crazy how after all this time when the lights go out and the sounds grow quiet you still creep into my mind and dreams... #what undertone
oh my goodness!! Katie showed me his audition a while ago and oh my geez so freaking cute! Why am I not mystery girl?!
Lolol is it sad that I often have to validate happiness with "I'm not even drunk!" too??
I would like candidates to make more specific action promises like this one. Going on the record.
I blame you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> but yes, I am quite ill. So ill that I watched the Martha Stewart Show without complaining about it.
WHERE THE UNDISCOVERED TALENT AT?! Ppl get at me and tell me where they are cause i wanna find 'em.
Tired of ear phones failing me everytime
I hope you and can stop in for a mimosa on Thanksgiving around 11. Take care.
but you can take the new stuff out of the bowl?"
aww you're so sweet :)
I couldn't have said it better myself.
It still amazes me to see tens of people in public suddenly stop, look up to the sky with a smile and say "wow!" when the sun appears. Nice!
We got a mouse in the house!
so did McGhee and you loved him temporarily
Jersey trains packed with fans. Heading to
Quick Fact: The Fleetwood Mac song, "Oh Well", does in fact contain the lyric "Oh well". Several times. #mind=blown
Dan Pasqua, a personal favorite of mine.
Lots of performances coming up in December. Stay tuned.
lol Canadian for garbage disposal
Anyone online???
ok I'm a call you in a minute
Created a Chris Hass cons group. Now a full list send.
And another loss to #BU RT This game is out of hand ~ #BC is just too strong. Looks like another #Beanpot final for the Eagles.
We still have units left in both FloCo Fusion and Historic Florence Court! Call before they're gone 612-703-RENT
Thanks for sharing! RT : RT : Interviews CEO & Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
Vanessa Whitmire, welcome to the team! Great to have you to the home office today!
if you go viral and your server crashes, you've wasted your time. hosting is imperative.
Working out and laying out in the sun makes me happy! What is everybody up to today?
TO Clarify: We are looking for people who already have a bodymedia fit and would like us to waterproof it for FREE! We will guarantee it
I wonder what people think the income of the 1% are?
Nice work! RT : need to make goal today!
there's gotta be some way outta here.....said the joker to the thief
Time to bed. Sweet dream for coding.
...Also, Ibanez not bad for a 39/40 year old...(they couldnt decide on PG)...LOL!..Wish he didnt "chew" though...
Happy 75th Birthday to the Golden Gate Bridge!
lmao that was the funniest but as actual beef, Pippen and Ewing was great
nice wine. Lees work? Tasting side by side with ELV Bourgogne
The American dream can become your worst nightmare if you strive to achieve it. Seek first the kingdom of God and everything else will .....
I like how my hair looks right now,
How big his feet are.
Almost there and flying first class home!!
Most marketers and agencies don’t focus enough on the principal method a brand is presented to the marketplace…via the company’s employees.
Hey I want to DM u my contact info
It's not denial. I'm just very selective about the reality I accept.
holy fuck, i'm the most jealous person ever.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 65
Not as much as 70% but I did sth similar. Trick is 'gradually & not openly' no one noticed either
Shoulda thought of that!!
everyday i wake up got bunch of different haters tryna get this paper....
oh chess hehe
Needs more ctb and pixel, but yes MT: St. Patty's is so much like Slope Day it makes my heart happy. Am I right, ?
I'm very down to earth.
#apple get down with flash will ya!
There Is No Limit
Started eating #paleo yesterday. Im suffering from #sugar and # carb withdraw. When will the headache and sugar cravings end?
Had a great time at my class. Yay! feel Blessed
Q: Shouldn't universities re-look at how they fund their university presses?
yeah, Raelert's coming for Crowie. Will Chrissie make up all that time???
Love Mint, thanks for the heads up on this Pat...
- sorry, working tonight
I wish I'd grabbed my geocities before they wiped it!
yeah gurl! so great to hang with you. enjoy the road trip; glad you'll be bringing a little bit of SX on the road.
Well done , great establishment and exceptional beers. We will be back!
Have you seen any #WILDPITCHOFFENSE shirts? No? Well it's your fault for not buying one.
Lots of calls about a BOOM. It was a sonic boom. White Sands Missile Range says it was a mission near ABQ in support of the Navy.
So nice to be back at the gym. Next goals: rockin' abs and a pull up
Tina Fey and Wyatt Earp should do a movie together where she protests mustache rides in a small town.Guess what he does?
Russian history is leaking out of my head. If I sneeze, serfdom will get all over everything.
Thanks to Sen Boxer for advocating reauthorization of #VAWA with provisions to protect ALL women, not just some.
DM Not sure what your interest is but looks like this one is going to swamp us. Considering selling. DM if we should talk.
So #annoyed nothing to eat in my house but eggs can my father go to publix like now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
“Life is not about discovering our talents; it is about pushing our talents to the limit and discovering our genius.” - Robert Brault
A MN family is asking for prayers for their 3rd son as they mourn the loss of two other boys in a boating accident. More details on Fox @ 9
Trying to get to follow me is kind of a joke but kind of serious & it's all Dadaism in real life
When you're in a bad mood and that special someone puts a smile on your face!
I wish I was a super hero <3
Sounds Good!
take me! Lol
no babe just a quickie, going back on the 26th!actually looking forward to the warm weather!
Know any great sites to post infographics?
I'm still mad at the way those games went earlier today. QPR is on my eternal shitlist now alongside Chelsea just by default.
shower time !
In other news, I get to leave early today! I hope the snowstorm doesn't hit before I have a chance to go stock up at Fred Meyer...
RT : She wants a lover that respects, appreciates, and desires her and make passionate love to her.
our bullpen isn't as strong as we thought it was
Need an Apple expert click here now!! www.appletekguru.com
Bubble baths and Back rubs >>>
I miss my baby <3
Good thing he didn't just sign a monster contract. Oh wait........
Thanks for your support! We appreciate it. Have a great day!
What first got you interested in sports #physical #therapy?
Or how about Austin, Tx? Where is the cheap flight to London from Manchester, NH?
hey girl!! Where have u been? How r u?
Locke vs. jack
Ur da best. Just saw this. Slacking on my "tweet game", been working on my "creep game". S/O to and
Come meet us at the AFP Expo! Jossey-Bass authors will be speaking Sunday, Monday and Tuesday! More details to come
The HCG Diet tricks the body into burning the excess fat, leaving behind the necessary that your body really needs.
NO I AM! And now let's screw this shit! lol :'D
I should of stayed home an cooked like da basedgod
I'll be saying "shiiiiiiiieeeeet" often as I inevitably mess up time and time again
Good lord, the Bucks beat the Heat or did I take too many Nyquil's?
Our long awaited debut album is going to be available soon!
When you limit your dreams to what you *think you can do*, you miss out on all you're really capable of doing. — -()
The Alliance of Galactic Federations/the AGF/the GF also always prevents Earth from straying out of its proper course/path around the Sun.
do you have your iOS software up-to-date? You'll need 5.0 or 5.1. Update in Settings > General > Software Update.
and to NY to be a Knick!
Bay had dinner ready for me when I arrived ...gotta love him <3
#Bachelorette etiquette: "A real man wouldn't shoplift the pootie from a single mom" (Cuba Gooding Jr. in "Jerry Maguire")
Lol is so over!
Just photoed a beautiful bungalow in the mt Baker neighborhood. What a nice part of Seattle this is,
Studio on wednesday
I would say getting a hashtag going... #NominateBuyog :)
The cubs are in town....they play the crew at 7:10. Come show your support and enjoy $2 dogs and $3 cans of Louies and Damsel!
Just be I have long legs doesn't mean my shorts are to short!
Here's an "alternative" to #redevelopment. It's called the free market. Ending RDAs allows a fair & level playing field for all businesses.
I think those two feelings go together way too often in this job...!
I hope I can finish. I just lost my job and this is my boss's computer.
asklfjakslfdjlg i wish i had brown eyes...
Ready to take it on!
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” Albert Einstein
that is an odd rememberence. You sure that wasn't a dream? Beasties booed off stage? SMH?
you got to nap? Between thunder & a bunch of unhappy cats I'm lucky to have closed my eyes!
chicago tomrrowww... going to be the bomb .!! haha (:
To be Good you have to be bad first?
Hope you enjoy the show!
Oh snap my boss said go home
Bummer. Looks as if Web site is down. What to do? They are 1 of our main sources of what's going on in world of #poker!!
watching the office scene in Death of a Salesman, so great, so sad.
Off to spar @ the gym. Need to vent.
Talking to this girl <3
Stop by for some pre-spring break stocking up.
A musical Grey's Anatomy is just weird as hell lol
like who? Give me an example!(; & it's black? Dayumm.. You need to get that checked out.
Oomf's so cute!
two and a half men rofl rofl.....hahaha i love lol
Yup, just got mine, derp, thanks!
Lol. I'm afraid I have bad news for you - she's married.
I just can't believe it!Henry was shot!And why is the next season of #psych in the Fall?That's like...after summer.Why God Why!?
OMG #SaySomethin IS PLAYING AGAIN, OMG OMG OMG OMG
Being sober when u r an addict is so extremely hard, I'm so freaking proud of you. Keep it going!!
ima pretend I didn't see that.
Full house for ! RT : If you're not at the tonight, you be missin' out!
Rams bounce back and win big in New Mexico 102-71. We are now 22-6 with 2 regular season games left.
You're not mature, you're just boring
What are you looking forward to nabbing for this year?
hey!!!!! Are yall outta school yet?
my daughter & her friends have me additcted to 'Words with Friends'...wanna play? let me know!
I lowkey want a pair or two of those black YMCMB socks, pleighboi.
Jose Veras just isn't working out as the #Brewers 7th-inning guy.
It's hawt in Texas. Round3 going outside. Sorry no livestream :(
One of the best sayings ever. Also, "Even an old barn looks better w a fresh coat of paint." I know lots of saying for old people heh
Special mother's day gift from my family... 1 day off! Daddy and girls planned the whole day and executed it...priceless.
You start to see your life change when you stop fuckin with broke people.
New Era #Streetlit. Introducing the #author Cole Hart.
Counting down 60 days left to get an accepted offer to take advantage of the tax credits
Just wrote a Sidewiki entry on "Online Shopping Superstore - www.kandizone.com
Sotomayor isn’t just a powerful woman in a black robe—she’s a stellar ex of exercising authority over every aspect of your personal life.
when people get into other people's lives and they think its okay.
Thank you for the FF!
"What kind of car do you drive, a short bus?"
i actually miss school.I wanna ride the bus.
Chicken wrap for lunch.
Work we meet again lol
Feeling nostalgic 4 Barnstead Media. Working with #lucyliu. Love her!!!
so what lost game one last series.
they aren't homeless by the way. this is actually not that uncommon in Miami ... people are weird.
We did it for old time sake
Pardon me? I have no idea why I was supposed to be trying to impress you....(I am #3stepsback) in the first place?
buy me a diamond ring so I know it's real !
what is this medieval times?
You know it!!“: Now we can get to the important stuff: One Shining Moment!”
Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought. by Pope John Paul II
They are becoming pros! And as handsome as ever. RT Another pic, Cutest ring bearers. #paulesboonewedding twitpic.com/5nrx6n
You know if somebody slashed my tires I would just buy new ones and put 22s on them the next day!! Hi hater ( wave )!!
Stick with us as we become the number one online source for specials & shows 's bar scene.
"When Love and Skill work Together, expect a Masterpiece" --John Ruskin .....This Dynamic Combination will Create an Environment of 'HOPE'
where would the QR Codes be? On a power point? Poster?
Don't miss Sade w/ John Legend TONIGHT Scope. Tickets are still available @ Norfolk Scope Box Office & at any Ticketmaster outlet.
By the way, you may spot some Symbolicons in our overview video...
"Make a gift of your life and lift all mankind by being kind, considerate,
: Great, we'll look for your tweets. We'll be tweeting as well and using #seamayor. ^ec
a warm sales call, then
When was the last time the sun didn't come out? SOLAR IS HOT!
Hm..... idet i should go to sleep to just wake up in 1.5 hr
My puppets keep me up all night. Too much sewing needed, no time for beloved followers
Thank you! :)
please follow me?(:<U+2665>
Fellas, givin oral. First start w/ neck,lips,neck,chest,stomach back up to the chest , back down to the hips then hit thee clit
Cool site. There's got to be a way for us to do business together. How about making commemorative bottles 4 your customers.
Well, they're not the Nats. I will watch them play the Nats later this month though. I'll report back ...
Whenever I used 2 play "Mista Grimm-Indo smoke" my uncle wud barge into the rm, stop the tape n put on "RbL Posse-Bammer weed"
REMEMBER: Nothing worthwhile will ever be very *easy*
A true moral dilemma. I'm gonna go with COD.
Glad this day is over.
Why would you guys think Rose would be 100% back in shape?
hey have you noticed that the flash goes into strobe mode upon receipt of a text message? I think it's new with 5.0.1...
May The Fourth Be With You!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..- Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
QoTD: "I will study and prepare myself... and someday my chance will come." (Abraham Lincoln)
Power is out, must be Sunday.
This kid bet me $100 that he would find my personal twitter by tonight. Lmao looks like imma be $100 richer(;
Loving the humor of Rabbi Irwin Kula at #ideaseconomy & irony of him talking about the confession app. The Haggadah App was approved today.
Wait, are you suggesting 'designer arrogance' is not a thing?
Happy Mother's Day!
going to try the loop again tomorrow see if I can make it around. I'll keep you posted.
wow! that's all I'm saying.
So will this amendment ensure that the state gives me free ESPN?
yeah i wanna be like you
its true that a high cute quotient helps ease the pain (but not the bleeding).
#RIPBoyBelieberJamie I wouldnt are if he wasnt a Belieber, he had cancer which is hard to deal with he is Strong & now is in a better place
. "it will be a relatively quiet end of session."
Back in LA. Look at that mountain! Look at those trees!
FUN gift for the moms in your life. FREE shipping on 2 bottles or more. Use coupon code MOM010. www.giftedvine.com
1/14/2011 Win a Copy of The Facebook Marketing Book! Marketing Pilgrim
Watching freaky eaters:addicted to cheesy potatoes. This show grosses me out.
oh Lord what happined?
The answer to their questions -ALL OF THEIR QUESTIONS- is Charles Johnson is my lawyer: 713-222-7577
whats good bro
Still single ?
[New Slide] UC campus graduation rates correlate to that school's funding profile.
One thing a absolutely hate is homework on the weekend!
S/O to for being there for me for the past couple of days! Thanks for everything! (:
What a poor asian boy living his dream through twitter......
Bitter Sweet emotions about Grubb & Ellis bankruptcy / sale to BGC Partners. I spent 4 years there and worked with some amazing people.
Fa sho... and younger. RT : u got that right... OKC is hungrier
I'm so sleepy & it's only 10pm
big to fail especially if they don't stay innovative
trying to skype with my grandpa is such a struggle. lol
I haven't talked to in a long time. <U+2754><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
if unlive in town shud try rolling bones on Edgewood--has Caribbean influence on it. Brisket is awesome
word, you quitting too?
Dnt knw why I waited till da last minute 2 get my mother something
Hey no problem buddy! I'm glad you got that awesome noteRT :
Phoenix here I come!!!! Jay jay the jet plane get me there.
I. Need. Sugar. NEED. NEED. NEED. It
Pretty cool that my favorite PGA golfer who's ever tweeted me (twice even) is now a Masters champion! Congrats !!!
Forget not that the earth delights to sense your naked feet and the winds long to play with your tresses.
Yes, I can use Google Maps, but it's much much slower and provides less info than just entering a stop # would be. Please consider.
do have any idea how FICKEN AMAZING it would be if u followed me? i think we should fin out :)
Kobe couldnt get open. And my daddy is salty too.
I love you,
Join OVS this Thursday, November 18, at 7:30 PM, when Rabbi Efraim Davidson will discuss the 3M's of Judaism. Cost: $5, includes ice cream.
My hair grows faster than a god damn chia pet
yeah or the Stones.
there's little i'm as afraid of as worms... and they're everywhere.
im sorry for your loss <3
It's day break it's def time for me to go to sleep, def enjoyed my night though.......
"Much ado about nothing," Shakespeare was right about so many things...
Thank you! :) RT : congrats on the temp job!
We work with venues that already have screens and digital OOH networks. We do not charge the venues and networks. We bring interactivity...
Watching Tom and Jerry ... Hmm, JERRY. Do they actually looked alike, somehow? :P
A few more days until the Cetona building opens up!
Fascinated by the vastly different presentations for #TwistedTitus #DigitalBard final projects. Vids, Prezis, boardgames, performance art.+
I'm gonna find a way to make it w/o you tonight.
yes absolutely
Aw thanks!!! I'm just gonna blame it on Uncle Floyd.
'RT : RT : We are born with nothing and we die with nothing but our student loans.
When are you and the team coming back from the Left coast?
Impossible is not a fact it's an opinion.What's impossible only remains so until someone finds a way2do what others are sure can't be done.
Its real cold up here this morning...
Beginning to learn that Foursquare has better reviewers than Yelp if you dig a bit.
Hes seems so upset, sad and lonley.....I hate this....
- And I didn't even have time to perform my exegeses! Just wait for my epic-poem-spread-across-a-huge-python-class.
I Got A Big Ego. B*tch Dont Touch Me.
Everywhere! School, malls, home, etc.!
just when i think you cant do anything dumber, you go and do something like this...and TOTALLY redeem yourself; great play by Arias 2 end it
Okay y'all this is it!!!
ooh good one
I love you, you love me, worlds apart, but I'm still me
Writing social media guidelines w/out stifling free speech, a new #UMBCsocial session from Look forward to meeting you, Lindsay!
Quote of the Day: All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers, is contained in the dog- Franz Kafka via
HEY!!! Just busy with a few photoshoots and DJing at a few places, what about you!?!
God there are a lot of hillbillies here
If u see this education connection commercial one more time with that hideous chic blowing a corndog.. i may die
we all miss you too :) hope everythings still going great out there!
Running on two hours of sleep making double-doubles all day and I've sill got a smile on my face :D
I talked to her and she said she has to get 12 hours before she can get a free ticket and doesn't have that many yet but she
There's nothing like a shot of whiskey with a pickle juice chaser. Try it.
What version are you on? Should be fixed in 1.2.1.
well the show was a soap opera...and the movie seems generic. If it was called something else it wouldn't be a big deal.
I heard that song the other day. I think that guy has the lowest voice ever! Crazy.
Sorry Chris Davis played like poop today. Give him a week and he'll hit a few dingers for you.
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
The way he kissed me
SOMEONE BUY A BOAT FOR ME
#RT if you love your boyfriend/girlfriend. (:
Did I say something?
It's Catalina Island Jazzfest time. Second weekend coming up. Who's there? Give us an update!
We look forward to seeing you again!
I've been testing some new moves in the lab. Saturday seems like the right time for their public release.
Setting up for success!
we should change that together.
ok, i'll try to pull this together real quick.
there's a flight to gboro boarding in the gate next to me and leaving right now ..potential switcharoo?? thoughts??
aka the preggie munchies! Xo beauty! Miss u!
RT Very cool : under the lights at YSC!
Beautiful morning, but the studio is so cold! Taking my coffee back to bed.
An tech rep just said "18 seconds is an acceptable page load time." Are they crazy?
Actual conversation w/: "Does service include calls to Spain?" "I am not in Spain. I'm in the Philippines. My name is Sarah."
Keep a roll of painters tape handy in the kitchen; great to seal bags and such, re-sticks over &over (even stays sticky in the freezer).
Are you seeing any #Snow where you are?
I still have a bedtime...but mom's letting me stay up tonight...
never said I didnt
It was my pleasure!
I heard once that some countries give new entrants a vertical integration grace period to help them recoup startup costs.
you got science all over your apples!
Yes! Looking forward to it. See you there.
have you ever dated a girl?
where my 50 bro
I have lots of extra time this week for #voiceover work. Need a professional read? I'm your guy!
#itsbadenough i gotta live with yo a$$ :)
I think the link is no good Kent
I think everyone should come to my birthday dinner tomorrow, that'd make me one happy girl!(:
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book. How about you?
WHICH circumstances?
were the weed at
"The Mirror Has Two Hartmut's Faces"
DAMN bye david that was cold trump
Driving is a spectacular form of amnesia. Everything is to be discovered, everything to be obliterated. -Jean Baudrillard
Play me some #mountaingoat music, like grandma and grandpa used to play.
RT : 10 June / consider me there. Over 15 years as a fan and their music never gets old to me.
but they don't open till 6
S/O to for staying strong
Please follow me too Vera :)!!!!!!! you're my Fav #Tennis player!!!!! & i think you're an Awesome person :) always u'r fan :)
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2011 Oakland #Athletics defense.
Oh no Mrs. Donohue isn't going to be happy.....
what the heck happened to ur shoulder
On my way home from long work day!!
yeah! 6th grade was awesome!
B-Days AND Dolla Burgs? HOLY!
A twisted knee isn't serious. Hopefully the MRI will be negative.
lol my names actually Naomi, but I'm great lol wbu!?
Is Aroldis Chapman healthy?
Had a dream that Abby went bald!
RT got mine yesterday! already watched it twice! I know, I'm that lame... but it's that good! nice work!/ NOT LAME!
Mark that down on your calendar- that'll be a good one, folks.
Trufax RT i wish i had that
Good Saturday morning to you. Thank you for following me:
I'm officially a soccer mom. Yelling "spread out" the whole game.
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
This damn Path be packed like sardines idk how ppl can do this everyday
New nickname: Turd. How appropriate since I float and I'm getting nice and brown in the sun right now. Blodwyn accepts this!
I agree great job, I am jealous...I can't do that
Duhh RT : You got to watch 'Braveheart' love this movie!
my moma workin on my nerves man!
So some dude kills an unarmed black child and the Sanford, FL police chief has refused to arrest the dude who did it. Why? And no outrage?
I signed the petition although I haven't eaten Domino's in about 15 years.
Saw Iron Man last night -- loved it! Downey was perfect in the role. It's a little goofy but totally true to the book.
Love is love's reward.
What a game last night! We had a great crowd come out and watch on our new flatscreens.
we was young we was dumb...
Carolina is too scared to kick to Sproles.
At Denver Jazz in the Park
omg dude ha it didnt start until 5th period ;o
I now feel that a picture of a smashed keyboard should be posted with the caption #ChrisBrown's Keyboard.
#Loex2012 A GREAT presentation on a survey of the importance of teaching #ControlledVocabulary and #Boolean search operators AND, OR, NOT.
no balls, when !? I'm literally 4 hours from Vegas when I'm home
hooded, fluffed and graduated... now why does that sound so dirty?
Backstrom is getting raped in the face off circle. Good god.
my inspiration has run dry, thats what goin on!
Can Facebook Get You Fired? Not Any More
I thought that was just me!!
u need to tweet
ELEMENTS opens tonight in Power & Light! Salsa dancing outside! Just next to the H & R Block building.
Happy Mother's day to my amazing godmother who I miss so much, ! I love you!
Congrats to the winner of the #NFLDraft Sweepstakes ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets. See you Thursday!
Super Wet call it SLOPPY JOE!...lol
if life is sacred than it is sacred accross the board, if killing animals is wrong, killing babies is wrong.
We're looking forward to seeing you!
that's my plan...we just need to become DJ's.
Is it ever not Lobsterfest?
Responded to FIRE @ 187 Highland Blvd, Brooklyn, NY 11207. Red Cross auto update.
Did Penelope Cruz cut her hair to run in a Natalie Portman lookalike contest?
My hair takes foreveeerrr to blow dry
When Denis ask you when's Christmas omg are you stupid or are you stupid?
OMG ...WE can't wait! This SATURDAY is FRUIT OF THE SOUL !!!!! Amazing Food, Drinks, Live Music and MUCHO ART. www.fruitofthesoul.org
Here is one of the greatest secrets. Recognize that u do not need 2 go outside of yourself 2 create what u want. ~Alana (via )
Getting closer....Cleared to record.
hahahahahaha I like that one!! Mr. and Mrs. Yum Clinton
Thanks Alex. Happy Friday!
should follow me :) <333
New email protocol: read, respond/take action/ignore, delete. No more marking unread & pretending I'll read them later!
I'd love to see an enterprising hacker insert that caveat in a few major editorials.
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
why dont u stop tweeting n come by already
You can hate on all you want, but she has the boy and you don't so you just look stupid! True fans love Eleanor!
How ironic that #ThomasKincade died on Good Friday...let us all pray that his paintings do not rise again. Amen.
If you received any addressed to , let me know! I'm sure I didn't get all of mine....
- did I just get thrown into a freezer? It is ice cold out.
How was you turkey hill ice cream? Or Did Paul finished it off for you?
2012 Global CEO Study...Top Human Capital Strategies...Grow #talent internally; improve #leadership dev.; provide emply T&D
I checked my videos from Sat game. I have all of Collin's goal on video. You will not believe it.
contemplating suicide
Pumped for UFC tonight. My predictions: Lesner loses, St.Pierre wins, Bisping/Henderson is the best fight and DH wins, loves it.
A strong core equals a strong body. Soon you’ll be thanking our Core Resolutions class for getting you there.
UGGGHH IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE FIXED my dad called the place and they said itd work now
About time Simon!! Thanks for following, see you soon.
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed. :) Hopefully you're learning a lot at the conference - the lineup looks great!
Now I really need to go to bed
I guess thats why ive outgrown ALOT of ppl...i got bigger and better things coming...small positive circle is all I need!
Lol :P RT : We would almost get ran over! :P
Lake Norman, and Charlotte are beautiful places to visit in the Tar Heel State of North Carolina!
Love that film!
I need to watch THE FRENCH CONNECTION again soon.
actual fire?
Worship was bananas!!! Had a soul train line down the center aisle that went all around the sanctuary!
Battle Bots was pretty awesome. Many styles of robot could win. Remember when robot fighting was popular? Wtf was that?
but we gone hafta change shoes on this costume thoughh :O
In the weeds
lol! Your post inspired me :)
running to ohio with my boy , long day.
bahahahahaha all the time... jene & i both got told tht one time while we were walking together by some friends
Led the wobble at red brick woo
what! that "previously seen on..." told me NOTHING.
if you are open to everything around you, the ideas will come: | On keeping momentum
Merry CHRISTmas everyone! Have a safe New Year! Thanks for following me, thanks for sharing the new video, and thanks for your support!
#Madmen is like a car wreck... you don't really understand what happened but you keep staring at it trying to figure it out.
youre fine as you are :)
And cream puffs. I was able to resist the cheesecake. I know people love it but me, meh.
Is it a pho day?
Leaving tomorrow to France to mix the album!
hey Carly follow so I can dm you. Thanks!
which one ? theres three>.<
It's funny how when One Direction sings…they sound American, but when they are not…they sound british+irish.
I am done with my retreat and headed back home. A long drive awaits.
For real really
RT : RT Quiet win for NCAA. Plaintiffs in Keller/O'Bannon hit w/sanctions for overbroad & unduly burdensome discovery
I feel so sick :x this better go away soon! >:/
They got my foot in a boot
yea I only get it when I'm with the rents
Exactly: time. You can build yr own "come play in our sandbox" site, or you can spend incalculable hours playing in others.
haha thats what i think(: x
Interpol was better than I'd remembered. But to be fair, I don't think they played a thing off of their last.
Buffett is one of my favorites, Buffy! Enjoy!
this is why we're behind the scenes, there's a little less of that going on.
Cannot WAIT for the Project to being Tuesday, September 6th!
in South America on set and ready to watch the Thanksgiving parade thanks to
Hi Kathleen, do you know if tomorrow's genomics forum will be recorded?
#AdaptedScreenplay goes to #TheDescendants #Oscars Daniel, this one was for you! :)
thanks for coming!“: Great show today. Lots of great art and good advice for my daughter heading to art school.”
The campus is buzzing! Love the first day of classes!
She chose to persue fame. The risks were hers to face. It's a shame she was not up to the relentless attention.
What can I do for you today?
A tip jar in an airport bathroom...only in North Carolina?
Just lined up doby for the first Friday Night Live of the season on May 6. That should put spring in the air!
yep, I'll be there for about 5 days, though some time in Uppsala, where my sister lives and a short trip to Amsterdam
performoing at the sweet auburn fest today...
wow. You make me hungry..
thanks for the thoughts John. I look forward to finding out more about his thoughts on education...
for sure email next time your in SF!you still talk to G-man?
I'm gonna drop you like 3rd period French !
I will bring an ice chest full of
oh and thanks for not punching me in the throat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I think I'll just be sappy and sit here listening to three Norah Jones' songs on repeat and star at this book, and hope I retain something.
I was wrong about the distance thing. I guess it was the angle that made Uranus (7th) look bigger than Jupiter (5th & largest local planet).
aww hell yeah man, if were not out in colorado enjoying the powder
Moss to Ravens do you think it is a good fit for both sides?
Anne Selleck, and Pat, Vince and the Time Jumpers, Pomeroy's Christmas Benifit, Wonderful Night!
I think Hootsuite is probably your best bet at the moment.
Thanks for coming out Jacob!
Reading steven tylers book and bret michaels is on tv in the background
ill Tweet Ya Laterr Ight I'm Doing Community Service :P
Good morning. It's 6 a.m and I have JUST FINISHED tattooing. Going to sleep and then start my appointments at 10:30 am,
PLAY TIME!
thanks for the retweet!
Not to mention casting stuff...finish writing stuff..webstuff..approving stuff...How do I sleep? Or when? Heck, I date my TV...
Come to NYC and we'll test this out
At the AT&T Center with Ready for the game to start.
Too bad Knaus Berry Farm is closed for summer. Ugh.
I'll make a big announcement!
Every time they say "viral video," a kitten gets kicked.
lol, why you say that? I been knew ur email, I just forgot if it was gmail or yahoo
Who think tiger is gonna hang on to win?
Love your tumblr dude! Couldn't sleep so you successfully made me go through all 40+ pages of it. haha
USC Dean of Law, Elyn Saks to receive Inspirational Person of the Year Award at the NAMI San Diego dinner on Oct 2nd, www.namisandiego.org
I CAN'T FOLLOW PEOPLE
Friday is Funday for me chillin at home and networking making money on the phone.. cool I love my job
It's a pretty good video.
Haha awesome. I'm pretty sure Day 1,2, and 3 will consist of soaking in the Blue Lagoon
you have a higher threshold for audatory pollution than I do. They really just have no clue what is going on during games.
Thanks for looking into it. I did a lot of reading in the forum and a lot of troubleshooting on the site, but it seems like a bug
RT : Why does traditional university procurement process need to be so cumbersome? How many innovations get killed by this?
hi I love mindless behavior
Yay!!! He is always gracious and wonderful! And yay for Lego Curiosity and kids everywhere!
Is the podcast on iTunes? I couldn't find it.
no days off for the team while we're getting our newest nutrition club ready to open in a week!
This is the best Diablo 3 joke of the night.
The politics of snark vs. the earnest spirit of Zuccotti park
They have to put a Play All option on this disks? #AmazingMilwaukeeRace research Season 2
One of my all time favorites!
email us:
are you sad that Hollie went home ;-;?
thx for spreading the word! :)
Pls check your DMs here. D
why you hatin so hard mane?
Woke up voice gone, drink me some hot tea & a teaspoon of some holy oil should work. THANKFUL 4 this day GOD let us see
Yeah I can't either haha.
Walked in the Susan G Koman Race for the Cure in Indianapolis today! Cold and windy, but still a great walk!
Thanks Miss Silvia! Great work too!!!
batting cages here I comee. :) time to keep it in
. Have just had the privilege to read #11 of the 1000 copies of Nin's "On Writing" could you blog on how this book came about?
Idk how people can stand me.... I cant even stand myself
If Nebraska is undefeated, they'll play in title game for sure. 1 loss will get them in over many, many others as well.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 43
Wow. More work than its worth.
Motion carried.
I Am Following (:
They say I'm just a kid I told them go figure. Is that even right? lol
Oh my God. What happened in your life that made you so needy that you’ve got to fill every waking second by babbling on?
My maxim for life: I<U+FFFD>m responsible for my happiness and you yours
Multitasking is less productive. Let technology make your life easier, not harder.
Who's interested in another Craft Swap for the month of May?
Notice: I'm not drinking a MGD.
"charlie was engaged in a coke and hooker rampage..." Entertainment Tonight -- Nice!
- The does not apply age limits to applicants. Contact to join!
Wish me luck
Paranormal state it is!
Orchid Fest opens Sat. Nov 5! Don't miss this amazing collection of flowering orchids! Nov5-13, $3.
great to meet you last night! I want to get more involved in PR functions... sending you an email to pick your brain. :)
"There's a Canadian consulate in Chicago?"
Just got through eating Ihop and I got the itus like a biyiyotch hahaha
Beliebers Are Very Sexy , ;)
HEY! What about Freedom of Disinformation?
I hope it's not another place that doesn't allow people with kids. RT : Welcome to the neighborhood Raglan Public House -
Seriously! I am pretty amazing.
I love jazz!!!!
Bored out of my mind! (+<U+FE4F>+)~
would be great to see you too!
Funny...Mark Sanchez is trending because of Tim Tebow
ohh, well she might be Bi? lol y ea h? Ill.get you the dankiest.edible ever when you do :p
Season cut up chicken w/ 1/2 tsp each of cumin, chili powder & garlic salt & drizzle w/ olive oil. Bake 25ish mins at 375.
That awkward moment when girls pictures on twitter arent really them, but they have guys telling them their gorgeous. LOL, gtfo.
This sums it up well. RT : Yo, watch idol tonight. Someone gonna win, people gonna sing, stuff gonna happen.
I like to think that Jon Glaser is really you guys.
Yes, that elephant in the fridge reference is from an anecdote told by (zoos, books: we got 'em both)
Justin Bieber sounds sexy in his new song.
b glad 2 show u sights, if I'm not evicted first :-)
": I seriously wished I lived like rob dydrek." If I could hangout with any celeb for a day, it'd be him. I'd do so much shit.
Life is one big road with a lots of sign! Good morning ppl..:-)
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that...Martin Luther King
Respect is the first step
Jaidie usual retweets all of Tyga's lyrics that people / myself tweet.
Totally there dude. Opeth and Mastadon are cool, but Ghost is were you'll get the most bang for your buck...
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.
Thanks Mark!
Lol imagine 7 guys yelling because we finally found an open fitness center after 1h of searching!!
if you didn't live lightyears away id find some really cute way to ask you to prom
instagram is very, very promising...
It totally isn't! Both my mom and I get them. Carbonated drinks, too, but that one seems obvious.
"What if going to sleep was actually waking up" :-O
If you're as real as you say you are the. You shouldn't have to tell people... People will KNOW IT!!
All of this #levilowrey talk is freezing my computer!
your dog is so cute! I'm ridiculously jealous!:)
The sun has managed to squeeze its way out after 5 days straight of rain here in NY.
Dad Impossible!!
only good song...
Alive today? you are in the mix. Make sure your flavour is mentioned in the tomorrow of those who tasted today. # Create:Activate:Inspire
I love music!! I cant wait to get over this endless stupid flu and get my voice back so I can start singing again! I miss singing :/
OMFG! New house gets Bravo. My life is made and I'm totally set now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> missing the Internet though.. Oh wellZ! YAY for my channels.
Oh Sister, I just saw a Nun get patted down by the TSA! (who can come up with the best related pun?)
Killed it today. Much needed stress reliever as well. Stay ready so you never have to get ready <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Man my iPod is on fire right now!!! Just good song after another!!! I'm diggin it :))
Marina talks about training herself for endurance and focus.
Nowak: I'm glad he's going to be going home and play for coaches he knows.
Taco Tuesday <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Wausau is a known for what again?... Why the pitty?
Hospitals suck!
will always keep a smile on my face no matter what:))RT if you think the same<3 us mahomies cant explain how much we love you
RT : If you have a cock for me this morning ~ retweet!
#SEOChat how is it?
Heads up.Not at the Ritz in Chicago this Fri. I'll be in the studio recording w/ Kate Quinby. At the Ritz on Sat. though.7-11p 160 E Pearson
#egypt #libya #iran you are in our hearts every moment! We see you! We hear you!
I'm just wrapping up. Have a good show! RT : I'm well. Waiting to go on air at 11:20.
So...cold taco bell is much nastier than you'd think. GEESH
i know this crush ain't going away
LA needs a Waffle House out here!! I still haven't found a good breakfast spot yet!!
i just returned from an edit session that involved home video footage of a famous person naked in a bath. i have seen the soapy boobs of...
Andre says hi. Come to DC.
hush yourself
Glad to have an Option #5!
u already kno im gon be there
Going to watch a movie...Goodnight!
whats the bathroom situation in there, do you have enough food?
"planet pigs will evade and slay your meat friends and sex kill your jelly bugs"
This is a test of WP to Twitter. (1523264)
Good morning babycakes!! <U+E328>
The dollar store needs to open some gas stations. $3.79 in Charlotte yo! Crazy!
Everyone is leaving, i'm still with you c:
“Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants” - Jack Handey
My pleasure. Thank you! ;-)
I have no problem doing my civic duty; I just think I've done more than my fair share at this point. ;-)
And we look forward to having you in our house! Thanks for supporting - #PorterSupporter (trying to coin that right up...).
Today is the Alberta Street Teahouse's 5th Anniversary!! Thanks so much for all of your support over the past five years!
Need math tutoring? middle school through university courses -- tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com
no problem :) neighborly love
Haven't been tweeting as much....hmm I have no idea why
Thanks, Heather. Glad you enjoyed it!
Hahah Austin drew a smiley face on my toe. :)
Need an extra dosage of cafeine for this shitty weather
My girlfriend is at a party and I'm on tumblr...... I need a fucking car .-.
yes, it is most definitely dress weather!
lmfaoooo im wit it
You too ! ": Everytime "Father Can You Hear Me" Come on Madea , i Get Chills"
Great information on mobile marketing for nonprofits today 's #NPO SIG workshop!
yeah I love it when Joe does that- thanks for listening
” tackling high that's a great way to miss tackles” Simms on Pats D. Petros dad could not agree less.
To much pressure & I'm nervous
I've mentioned 39 -- now 40 -- times in the past week. You should feel loved, young'un. :D
My arch enemy is trying to stop my empire building again. Probably antagonized him by standing in front of the mirror yelling at him.
Every SUNDAY! RT : hosts RITMO : Free Dance lessons, Ladies Free before 10:30pm.
Our pleasure! Have a great day.
i can't say the same
I don't think anyone's tweets today are going to be anything other than mentioning....PACKERS, PACKERS!!!!!!! Celebrate with a vacation!
I was wedged between a woman in a full polyester suit and another who kept intentionally shoving me this AM on the train.
where are you and Alex? I tried texting him!
Prairie dogs are not kosher--things I learned at
Nothing like a mid-day workout w .. Couple of sets, a whole lot of chit-chat
I chose Rice, because it was a place that seemed to value things like the arts and student engagement.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
really has me thinking about issues surrounding social media. He's asking some tough questions. Check him
as a Central NY native, I recommend you grab lunch at Dinosaur BBQ. #1 BBQ in America
ah.. Jersey Shore cast? can anything in italy be terrible? :) RT 4th of July in Arezzo.
": See ya at Wesy A then!!!">>okay...see you then.....its going to be a good time!
HELD OVER! Thanks to popular demand, we’re extending Restaurant Week through 9/30. Hurry in for $10 lunch or $20 dinner.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do to get where you need to be.
I hate losing
I think it`s safe to say the Giants have this one in the bag. Once again the Pats D lets them down.
RT“ SEE ITS MEN LIKE YOU MAKE IT HARD FOR MEN LIKE ME TO GET A GOOD WOMAN”
Searching for internships In the Chi
Who wants a knight in shining armor? I'll take a sparkly vampire in a silver Volvo over a dork in tinfoil on a smelly animal any day!
There's always Curling, Canada.
yes, they're okay. luckily escaped with only bumps and bruises.
god, shut the fuck up. im putting in my headphones to drown out this chaos.
That txt i just got << :(
That's a shame. RT : Just heard Ryan Seacrest will join NBC's Summer Olympics coverage.
We love when the students pop in even when they're on break! Looking forward to a great semester with everyone and many guest artists.
I feel like I'm moving in slow motion I know ima regret these in the morning
The glory is all yours RT : Thank u Major Gauge
about to fall asleep lol :) how was your day hun? :)
If you could be the best at anything, what would it be?
Catching up with old friends >
Well... I'm gonna do it know. "How is your jaws, Thom?"
1,192 followers!! Having a good day today!
"Thanks for your quiet competence. You are a thinker. You be da bomb." Thank you card from my chief medical officer made my night. :)
Money is happiness, but you can't pay hookers with smiles so.... who knows.
I don't suppose you would enjoy being fact checked publicly...
Love; without it, life just wouldn't be LIFE.<3
New cat bed only partial success. Apparently I produce more heat than the heating pad. Still, Cocoas accomplished.
Not enough time in the day. Not even close.
You can teach yourself anything by reading.
And game theory has weighed in on whether the Joker is the true savior of Gotham.
WHEN I SAY JUSTIN Y'ALL SAY BIEBER... JUSTIN!<3
I'm fine thank you.
I got my baked goods!...well their bought goods. But still!
same here, and it's like only 9! cuuuh-razyyyy.
It owes us lol. 11 more inches and we can have what we were originally told.
The Suns dancers should really post their dances somewhere because people want to learn that sh*t.
I think "taco" is another word for "drugs" ahahahahaha #Victorious #TheBreakfastBunch. The cast is so high right now hehehe
Follow us?
Rumor - July another round of CC cuts coming....
hell i dnt kno. Im doing this from my phone. But ill chk into how to do it.
we're doing a new year's eve story on a bunch of places for you to go to for new year's eve. do you have any ideas?
Love love love
hi twitter tweets :)
Participants not users.
What a great year at the #MAL can't wait for August when it's football/maggot season
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :) I GIVE YOU A SOLO SHOUTOUT :)
I know!! I'm just so attached to them. Haha
#revisioningnagel museumbox....can take video, pic, attach doc, sound and words on the cubes
Yo ghetto ppl. If u wanna make fun of Chinese ppl for saying "fly lice", u better not say words like "bof" and "sang witch"
I'm pretty sure I'll be the only one not leaving after honors day tomorrow...
some rich kids did that to my aunt once in the '70s. they were like, 'wait here, we'll be right back' and returned w/bucket
will you tweet me a heart plz...i would like XD
Can somebody bring me a BUD ICE?
somebody give me some new words to replace sick and chill
Obama Gets Sneaky and Sigs Executive Order To BAN DRIVING and TEXTING as of NOW. It is now illegal to text and drive a car in United States
Well it's today or never. The last paper of grad school is due at midnight!
Feel like today gone be a good day..... Hope so
My favorite happy hour spot in the neighborhood is _________________?
We think you guys should form a super-hero team. Jes sayin.
LOL THANK U :-)
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Good morning all!
You'll never need two, cause I will be your number one <3
Tired as hell,heading to bed.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
thank you for supporting us on this rainy evening, V!! See you a Tues soon!
I suck so bad at streak for cash
Yeah RT : We just listened to your new single "Are You Happy Now." Sounding good!
At the same damn Time !
Welp wheels up back to Findlay!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Oh, how true..
I just read the reviews on Amazon. Mostly amazing. I'm looking forward to reading.
no. just following people aha
I will really miss my Pops too! But the jungle calls. You can do it V.J.! The Spirit will come...it always does!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! xx
Can you define "applied play" for us?
working hard to get back on track with the new line up! can't wait to see you guys are shows! :D
I really hate dealing with self-important assholes.
bahahah I'm so funny!
Finished her second year NLM Associate Fellowship colloquium presentation. It went well. Thank for for all the support.
A friend suffered a stroke yesterday. 39 yrs old. He was a recreational cocaine user. Is there a relationship? You bet
I'm intercontinental when I eat french toast.
math class kinda makes my day haha all the boys make those 40 minutes not so bad
same. We can learn from each other. We are both students of love. Wow so deep my n-word
Packer twitter injury curse?
Thank you Serbia Girl, I am following you.
I just realized something a bit scary & sad. If you were born on the day the #Bucks won their (only) NBA Championship you'd be 41 years old!
#Leos are known to be very charismatic
sure what's your Skype?
I don't know but it is def gross!
So at i held hand... my life is made<3 he was like you know... superhot(:
Tip#148: Please read my column on coachingtokens.com to learn about the who, what, why, and how of coaching.
On my to my college TWU WOO!!!!!!!
Where will the music go next?!
Students unlock their creative potential as they "translate" Jewish texts into visual stories. Check it out on our Facebook page!
Need someone to tlk to
as confirmed yesterday, my posts are not interesting.
Don't want to reinvent the wheel if I don't have to: Any librarians out there have posters comparing titles I can borrow? If you like...try
2- were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :( hopefully one Day we can be as close as we use to be or the way (c)
Thank God its Friday, once again!!!!!!!!!!!
Cities seem 2 b building more skate parks than bball & soccer fields in public parks. Can't be cost effective. Corporate sponsorships?
In bham at the movies bout to watch think like a man
Is rehearsing after taking Alex Paraskevas 7:30 yoga class. Join us! www.YogaChai.com.
Great show. Might have to see if I can dig up some old episodes and see what I am in for.
Explain what a tweegram is? <U+2754><U+2754>
do you know of tweetadder pro unlimited profile user
Insomnia is my best friend... -Nate
#SoTellMeWhy we thank God for every smile, but blame him for every tear?
That's the total released by MDA.
It just feels wrong to listen to "Hard Day's Night" on the way to work in the late morning.
its 2 early 2 go negative lets be nice 4 say 24hrs? Only because I gave Filner a reprieve 4 Harvey Milk
thank you mama !!!!!
And now my computer has gone stupid, perhaps a sign to go to bed?...
have to spend money to make money...Get it done already.
Good Morning y'all!
RT Every choice you make establishes your own identity as you will see it and believe it is~ACIM
Im literally in tears looking at all these tweets to chris brown. Omg.
I've heard the city is really cool. I'm hoping I get to explore a little bit outside of the conference while I'm there.
In basketball, the Pac 12 is our little sister.
Would it be mean to RT w/comment someone's tweet where they tried to be funny but bombed instead?
I'm with u! If I can inspire 1 person 2 be better then I'm happy #Desire2Inspire :) RT : I just want to make a change...
Happy Mother's day!
much warmer since the power came back on. Are you still w. Fuze?
proves in older english meant "to test" like in spanish "probar". So it's more "the exception tests the rule".
Jan Brewer and the GOP is a disgrace to women in America! Period.
The beauty of Virgin America is in the details. Wifi, free Absynth, free Movies, TV, games, chatroom, seat-to-seat chat...did I say absynth?
She kiss u with the mouth she gave me head with... smh
- Celebrating the birthday of George Gershwin!
and generational diversity which my colleague and I will be discussing....
This is just for my own god.
Less to shave. Be grateful.
*tosses you a pudding shot*
hey :) i know me too :p
are you on virgin and tweeting live in the air?
COME OUT TO #ColumbiasGotTalent APRIL 23RD!! STAGE 2!! (618 S. MICHIGAN) 7PM!! DON'T MISS IT!!!!
Its hot af !
One day, the stars will align
I wanna wink at you drunk LOL I for some reason can't wink. My whole face moves its hilarious
13 hours in studio for is dedication but how much time was spent doing actual work? Love the show guys!!
Commission votes to move forward draft BOE districts for next round of public comment
RT is that YOU in your icon ?? -yup.
Come by my lecture on Latin Jazz next Tuesday at 7pm in San Jose. More info at www.sanjosejazz.org
Evacuated from office...actual firemen and trucks....blah
This kitty is obsessed with my hair.
Good luck to the wrestling team tonight as they make statement vs a D1 program! #showemthelights!
How old was he?
Brownies, although I'm thinking of subsituting nutella for the butter - extra chocolate-fudgy goodness!
do you realize has 2 "From"'s in headline of CEO to CFO article?
that was the cutest text i've ever gotten.
Join us & , , Realistic Dino Damage & (1st show!) End Trading Co. -Sanford FL. May 19th $5
oh, I'm drinking bourbon homie.
Hola from one Mamacita to another! So nice to meet you :)
R.I.P Biggie!!
Our showroom will be fully stocked soon. Will be working all weekend to get the inside done.
What would you do if said "i love you" to you?
S.O.S
Haha im way more classy than a hillbilly
Thanks for the support!
Ive falling in love with this city.
can i have a shoutout please?! i love you!
just finished singing karaoke at some restaurant to baby by Justin bieber it was funny ;P
A magazine once accidentally published a photo of Victoria Justice thinking she was Nina *Dies*
Happy birthday!
Headed to this weekend! Hopefully the wet stuff stays away!
Sometimes great things happen to those that wait. All will be revealed soon. Love to my followers
I'm gonna sit on his little ass.
God morning world! <3
just a sleep.aid.
Yeah Im gonna have a hard time not thinking about Juan at work..
Life is full of things that let us down or up, but put God first and you will always be on the right path.
Another long day and 9 days into my 21 day Daniel fast...craving, but hanging in there.
Seriously question here. Is Darryl Sutter disabled?
Hot cocoa after skiing some black runs for the first time makes the hauling worth it. Not doing too bad for an old lady who just had baby.
On our way to The Neenah Eagles Club
That one allergen in the Memphis air today is lethal....and I don't have
hey hey sitting here with my bff about to go to the football game and see nick to !!! yeah :):)
sweet roasted corn at #westseattleummerfestival for the win
No idea. It looks awesome though.
#lis483 Great connection! WGwg could be VERY popular w/ Glee fans, but most of my friends stopped watching. Still popular w/teens?
rarity != greatness... although it *is* impressive. I cannot believe I'm tweeting...
Want to throw a quick TY to for always drawing my attn to cool stuff on the twitter. I'd miss a lot if not for her!
Hopefully they get a deal done b4 training camp.Going 2 plan a cheer section at latrobe. People have been asking
man... i dont want to give up this hour tommrow
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met.” #indeed”
Why does only my left foot hurt? I walked on both of them all day. There was zero skipping or hopping today.
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW!!!! 143
BREAKING: Lois Lowry is describing how her new release, BLESS THIS MOUSE, was inspired by a REAL mouse!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
diets are unhealthy. cycles of weight loss followed by weight gain make you lose calcium from bones & lean tissue from the body
Safe travels and good luck!
Thanks you guys!!
Lights go out and it's just the three of us. You, me and all that stuff we're so scared of.
thanks man! Now record another album so I can do yours again! Haha
just had my civic religion: pledge of alliegance & star-spangled banner
BEACH IN ONE FREAKING MONTH. I CAN'T WAIT. GET ME OUT OF HERE.
My pastor just said..Kroger got steaks on sale today..thank you Jesus
I also enjoyed talking at intermission w/actors & Duane Leatherman, both in "12 Angry Men" at #Noblesville 's Belfry Theatre.
finally lol": Can we skip the "getting to know each other" part and just get on with fuckin ???"
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankee’s tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
. Guess we know what her priorities are..."things." But "things" before her child is scary.
thanks for the article. very helpful info.
I'll be patient today and wait until tonight for you to drop it.
RT Nightclub bouncers find me so attractive that they ask me to stand next to them while they make everyone else go inside.
#Caps Laich said he asked Hunter if there was anything he could do to convince him to stay
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an open marriage but the husband and wife are ugly, a dentist and his asst/wife who love bad teeth.
Counting Crows about to play to an awful lot of people Filming for HD Net
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
I did.
HAPPY VALENTINE's DAY TO ALL THE ZOMBIES BUT FIRST LOVE YOURSELVES BEFORE GIVING LOVE TO OTHERS
oh no how will you survive!?!?
Watching best of bollywood on AVS TV and making tracks on my resume...
Shirtless man lying down in the park = Sunbather. Shirtless man lying down on Civic Center Plaza = Homeless.
Well besides the dinner, this birthday was just like any regular day in Henry county.
She is more to me than just an image or painting...she's everything that I've always wanted #MyMoniLisa Germania and UK you are my focus.
:D yup. Can't wait for that either
Thanks for the kind mention, following you.
I'm not even kidding... I am breathing cologne out here on TI. I'm outdoors and the smell is so thick it's sickening. And confusing.
until that kobe 3!
I sincerely hope the three of you will hang out at Confab *raises a glass in absentia*
In the booth, you learn the truth. Our mic sounds nice, but it will not lie on you
Great- Losing Dad reminded him how much he loves you, misses you, and never wants to lose you...:)
50 My Little Pony episodes in 5 minutes? Yup.
the whole Bernard tapie thing is an 8 month long April Fools joke IMO
I feel like saying the same thing to my friends!
Where's everybody at
I fell asleep on #oomf twice last night in the middle of our conversation, lol, i hope he doesnt think i was ignoring him, i was just tired.
Thanks for the
If i had access to milk crates & phone books, you could have expected to see that mysteriously appear at your desk tomorrow
Sure, u got your hope's up. Then came crashing down. I can totally see how that would be crushing. I'm so sorry!
Stormy weekend in south Florida. Not letting it stop me from getting out.
LOL!! - Have the Democrats pulled their convention out of North Carolina yet?? Obama losing there in poll to Romney 51% - 43%.
Hurry up and end play rehearsal!! I wanna go home already!!! ^_^
Don't believe the "Pat Sajak and Vanna White" rumors... No one can be that dull and drunk at the same time...
Bogo with bitches
ugh! Never fake that, take all the help in life you can get. That is how you grow as a person and gain sanity. Been there...
nah man. You wanna go let's go
It's time to stop "shoulding" all over ourselves and live the lives we are meant to be living. No more "I Should" - let's "I Will"..
There's nothing I've looked forward to more today than watching the Frank Warren () Ted Talk on my lunch break.
Why do people keep assuming that I suck dick.. ? tf ¬____¬
Note to my family, the bathroom is NOT a gathering place
Steelers cut farrior
Thank God for giving me life and another chance to be great today! I Love You Lord God Almighty ! Bless Your Holy Name!
AH awesome season this year! Can't wait RT : It's so awesome to see two tap dancers on So You Think You Can Dance. Miss it so much!
back from the rivanna trail with sore feet and happy dog
i been followin you bro
LETS GET ANOTHER TITLE BRO!
i love how corny can be. he makes me laugh all the time(: i wish he would notice me just once <33
Robert H. Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
Three bridges
near Hyde park, space with character...
fat, a person has to burn
O_o guess my invite got lost in the mail... no hard feeling, just dont forget next time ;P
Finishing up today's Party Guide feat. , & Super Bowl madness!
Haha that's a big statement! Thanks Mandi!
Tell your Mom i say Happy Mothers Day ! <U+2665>
this looks awesome!!! Count me in for #redbullchallenge fun
yup:/ but your hella lucky nick follows u(:
be safe! make sure to pack some jackets
Avoided a sunburn, except for my hands...
Heading to my twinnys house <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#artpolitics phase one: ghost army. Sonic deception tactics.
You know ur official if you have anchors on ABC saying "BOSS"D UP" lol .Go NIkki!
Because of one person. And we had to move so far an guess what? I never get to see brad or tanner anymore so fuck you all of u. Why would
NPR:What is the best part about being a musician? Franchesco Manchini:Playing with other musicians
Chili in the crock-pot. Smelling good already! Gonna be a cozy Kessler evening!
Happy 4th of July!!! Stay safe & get
I've used this form for a proposal that will produce software as a "digital product" & believe it covers data also
I really like where I'm at in this life and I would not change one thing about the way I have learned how to deal with people
Hello Hoyas! We're excited to be a part of the Twitter world. Don't forget to follow us to keep up with our products and services!
Gross! She needs to stop whining so much in all her songs. And stop being fat.
I'm going to get a back piece tat of Chris Paul shooting over both Gasols.
Who wants to drink at the #mifflinmansion with me and !?!
To my twitter friends, please feel free to share the "STAY THE F*** AT HOME! video from YouTube. Its the only way to survive Carmageddon!
Waldo very much disagrees with this assessment. See also: shoes.
Merry Christmas Everyone - Enjoy every moment of it and have a blessed holiday!
HEY ALL! Follow us on Twitter!
Pups woke me up at 4:45 and 6:20 to go to the bathroom. I'm glad she woke me but I'm so.tired.
": i know my boy has me on these #centennialfees" was you with me shooting in the gym?
BIG Q is whether SCOTUS will limit its eventual review to Romer analysis or reach the broader DP/EP args.
he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!
15 minutes till closing time!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs
it's called
I will try.. Thank you for being here for me : I love you best friend
#Trivia What year did Miller Park open?
I started taking an iron supplement & noticed huge improvements with general fatigue.
At 7 tonight on Performance in Pittsburgh, Juilliard Baroque (a 2011 P-G Top 10), cellist Adam Liu, plus Shadyside organist Mark Anderson.
I am always looking for good mortgage lenders email me your info at
THANKS! and if we're the yardstick then my penis is 3-feet long
lol. But u do such a swell job at it.
Thanks for the RT =]
You know what I'm tired of your complaining about what I do-__-
it turns out that it's just the onset of arthritis.
Thanks for the mention!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 28
When i was in high school i use to hustle off burning cds
The Wabash 44th Annual Christmas Festival of Music and Readings was fantastic! Thanks to all who helped make it so very wonderful.
Heavenly Father, Upon Me To The Coronation! I Deserve It Brought Music For Clarification
It always comes a moment of hopelessness. Then you just have to wait for returns. She always comes back, though sometimes wait years for it.
awesome. is a badass!
After i have been in a car for 4 hours i have to pee and am really pissed off.
New/old icon with my fav and her brown hair #love :) What do u think about this new icon on Twitter account?
I wonder if my still being drunk will affect my eye exam...?
Only if they pay...
Italian. *outstanding* Italian. semi-dressy.
. SEE! You can't even watch the SUPERBOWL without thinking about emacs! it has infected ur brane! REPENT! BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
sorry for the delay, I was busy. I'll visit to Chicago when I do.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Greg from everybody hates Chris
Car battery is super dead... Ugh
Attn #SMM pros: the conversation starts w/YOU! Create a great elevator pitch with me tonight #MyBookClub 8PM EST #epitch RT
08 Linne Calodo Nemesis (Mag) 1of2. Deep, dark, rich GSM from the LC blending wizards. Blackberry, cherry, cedar nose. Incredible heft
": It's time to remember the ones we've lost. We love you and we'll never forget you." R.I.P great Grandma I love you <3
Life is too short to hold resentment.... That's y I curse u out now so I can get this little person off my back
Change your baby's diaper lady
FOLLOW OUR MASCOT & FAVORITE 21XL MEMBER ON INSTAGRAM <3
This kid is very over the top. Can't wait to see what she does at 30!
I wish that were the case.
why am i even in flex mode, you ask? because one of my songs *really wanted* to be sped up 5 bpm. and most everything has been recorded
<U+E057>Hey what's up Twitter World. Hope all is Blessed <U+E41D> Yesterday was Great, we shot another Episode for Guidance Web Series. So much Fun. <U+E00E>
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME143 <3
Is that definite?
Very true. I'm a Mizzou fan and even I can't stand The Antlers.
Remembering a good friend and great teacher today. RIP, Mr. G.
"Bitch I'm talking ca-ca-ca-ca-ca, Then more ca-ca-ca-ca, Hit your Roof until I Pop your top up, Then more ca-ca-ca-ca til I know I Gotcha"
“: I want to go to Vegas or Miami pretty bad right now for some reason.. Not sure why” there doesn't need to be a reason
thanks. You always care so much for me.
its actually in SF! its a specialized art direction program in advertising, the best of its kind. where do you live?
Q. Why is a pap smear called a pap smear? A. Because women wouldn't do them if they were called cunt scrapes.
still can believe it
Someone tweets a quote. Someone retweets that quote. The world slowly loses the ability to appreciate an original thought.
then it will be time to switch to google voice.
How Chichester's theatre is getting its groove back: Chichester Festival Theatre has been solidly flourishing an..
I'm so so so proud of my mom <3
Chicago field trip next Mon or Tuesday?
I know I love it
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. – Michael Gerber
Stay classy #BBN RT : UCLA for Shabazz Muhammad. Enjoy irrelevance!
Lol nobody is.
dont break it bcz i dont want you to become a stranger :(
Friday night lights>>>>>>
Awaiting Philly Election Results online. Remember good ole days of collecting the numbers myself.
I don't like #acting things I like feeling things
How to entertain a 5-year-old who can't go to camp because of pink eye?
This year went by so fast!. It's Dec 1st already!
Damn i shouldve went to the game today.....
Dear followers, I LOVE YOU!
Great night at Pier 60. Traveling to Tallahassee to play with some fire and be in a movie! Love my job!
RT : Glass of wine and a bubble bath. Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Good morning you guys: the people you push away from your life may be the ones that could change your life for the better!
thanks! it is like a new start and it's a lot of fun!
!!RT Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Ask them is they want to hold one - we can still add it in for this summer's programs.
thank you guys for coming out from Delano!! Excited to see more Delano folks coming out to #fpac20!
I need a back massage omg lol
ctrl+shift+i (or N, can't check now) something similar on the mac.
Hows the weather in Seattle? Beautiful day here in Carmel New York.
thanks for letting me know! have you considered a lower-sugar option for those of us trying to kick sugar habits? i LOVE Chobani
UGpjVzWsf5 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Good morning twitter only 13 more school days!!!
We really did. She loves yard sales n shopping at TJMAXX. PAIN!!!
RT : Nominate someone you know for the SMBinfluencer Award
astounded by the generosity of others today.
Just put up a couple new classes- more coming!
I had a Good day Today.
you're a tease.
TOP STRAINS all $35 an 8th: Durban Bubble, Sour Diesel, Bob Marley, Silver Pearl, Boston Bling, Alaskan Thunder Fuck, and Strawberry Cough
WAKE UP OR IM GUNNA SEND MAMA MAHONE AND ROMO IN TO WAKE YOU UP!!!!
Who will be spending #newyears eve w/ 's sold out Private Reserve Club dinner at the Seattle Space Needle?
The fact that I have tan lines from laying out today makes me want summer even more !!(:
- Thanks for the RT doll! Email me, might be able to use looks for hot new music video next wk! Xox
hey willie. Wassup? Sorry my phone wasn't working last night.
RT!": Man, stop thinking so much. Be a kid and make mistakes. Just have fun this summer."
I didn't get much done this weekend, which is probably good and bad.
Bayern vs Barca for the final! Who agrees?
Wow Wolf, what the heck was that?! PLEASE tell me Roenicke didn't order him to take off. Woulda had 2nd anyway after Weeks's walk.
Good luck to all the fighters competing in Akron tonight!
hahah the whole video in general was absolutely hilarious!
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
So many emails about the Dictator today.
Unbelievable final day of soccer
good luck and go for the gold tonight. i love listening to you during the race. you are great at what you do.
I just had a similar conversation here at work, but I prefer s-bombs.
Verde terrace it is then
Avengers or Dark Knight?
After twenty minutes and three phone transfers, "This is just a problem we've been having." Why couldn't someone just say that right away??
Cardio ABS is no joke. But I'm loving this Insanity.
Right back at you! <3
Flaming Lips in the Cemetery was one of the best concert experiences I've ever had. and are insanely BADASS.
Show me my fade then RT : ayye both of yall PUSSY
I hope I got the app !!! Crosses fingers
Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you!
RT EARTHMONTH ECO-TIP Using a dishwasher instead of washing by hand saves 5000gals of water $40 elect. & 230 hrs of time annually
Reciprocal follows! Glad to make your virtual acquaintance, partner.
Missions survive when plans fail, and plans almost always fail. -Seth Godin
Now moving
HAPPY MONDAY MY FRIENDS!..."Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.";)
1D >>> The wanted
man we ain't doin nothing. Maintaining as usual. How is OK going??
Thanks for the #ESS :-)
Good Morning All.....Be Great, Be Wise, #BeBleu ....RT
It's almost the weekend and we're ready to head up north to Red River to play and record some live tracks at The Lifthouse!
I can't wait to get home so I can listen to #TurnToYou!!!!
Thank You For following Us. Keep In Touch! 2012 Is The Year For Permanent Change... <3
thank you for the great online class! So excited for my first Alt!
You say my name my heart beats faster
Awesome day ahead meeting with some heavy weights in the music industry for distribution & Management deal of Vanelis & Miguelito LaMorte.
I cannot believe iCarly is actually ending. There goes all the shows, out the window! tbh I stopped watching them, i regret that though
i thought it was supose to be 80 degrees, im sitting outside and freezing my ass off !
For #spring zing, an amazing Jade & Ginseng Detoxifying Pedicure special, with herbal soak & shea butter quench. 303-389-3020
In 08 cycle, Univ. of CA System was larger contributor to #obama. Goldman Sachs was 2nd.
Finna get my d rose on at the gym selling my impala today tho :(
: Thanks for following us. We enjoy your home improvement & Old Town adventures.
What I was thinking.
did i meet here last year at the phone store?
Don't pray for a bushel and carry only a cup!
Learn to master the blank stare! ;)
Thanks Brita. Two days late, I know, but I gave myself a present and stayed away from Twitter for a weekend.
ha! Both. Hello! Welcome to Twitter.
Griffin I Runs 4.41 In 40-Yard Dash. He is the only QB other than Michael Vick to run faster than 4.4 at the combine.
Guys at BBR bedazzle their ears.
Hilarious! So true...
Great Friday it is. Eat well. #CWS will be here before we know it. What's your favorite breakfast in Omaha?
I love food
fag? Thanks dick :(
What is your favorite place to go in Florida besides home? :)
no dont go to sleep u about to hear sum twitter late night
We're prepping for another event this afternoon. "Rural Girls and Urban Migration: the Role of C4D in Bridging the Divide" for #CSW56 HQ
so bummed
Its only one thing I need in life & thats to succed
They found a 500 year old computer underground :o that shit crazy and creepy :o
Looks like you are living it up, keep having a good time. We are following back.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. - Margare…
Thanks to everyone that made it to our speed networking event last night, it was great to meet you all!
heard you caught a case tonight bro lmao
And what would make you think that?! Totally uncalled for! Get to know me trust me it can get bad! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"Those who can't do....always want to criticize those who can"
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people compare me to Arthur Mervyn.
I'm totally renaming Digi to Tomer's Love Affair with Open Access or TLAWOA, for short.
Whenever low-budget TV makes me ponder physics, I grow uneasy.
I'll miss skipping track and watching Law and Order.
Hopy you feel better soon, Mon.
sorry guise. :3 i havent been on lately. but its not like you guys missed me or anything..
RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,
& god bless Japan
- Mark- you're work transforms the mind and the heart instantly and brings a higher awareness to leadership.
Teachers are making us do a field sobriety and drug test
that's cool. i didn't need my ovaries anyways.
Two stores that are always packed #publix and
Going to a crash durby today! #winner!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: How to manage your social media workload? FOCUS. Use an audibly ticking timer to help you not get distracted.
Tonight we find out who takes the crown. and must be dying of antici...pation
have fun, but too much. You don't want to spend All Saint's Day 2012 in New Orleans jail.
exploring a possible #healthcare communications project with Kaiser today!
Should I close my twitter account?? I don't know how to stop this!
Thank you for the shoutout! RT : Please Shoutout my Twitter profile .. Thank you very much !..
- that would explain your mom's confusion ;-) when is li'l jefferey's bday, maybe ashleigh is deleting everyone who HBD's him
I got a life size cutout for Christmas. She's too pretty :)
I want to laugh, someone should try and make that happen<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I can't wait for school to be over!
let's get a big game of kickball together. With beer.
Someone please follow me fast~! My follow number is at the bad Juu-Juu,I am in a slight panic,so act fast.I'm not a nut,#WellNotMuchOfOne!
i feel so bad about what hugh son did to claire sinclair how can anyone do such a thing to a another scares me.
Obv hitting every red light cause I'm not trying to get somewhere or anything..
I just got home yesterday and have already had 2 nights of only smiles.
*blistering barnacles* its sacrilege to even consider it :) *lol*
I think it makes sense because most people would not see the girls as very threatening compared to the guys
Just accidently sleep all day since i got home from school #whoops ...
is currently inquiring about a Bills jersey...
- I know but I'm just not ... I'm frustrated .
[Book 6/100] Onward, Howard Schultz. Amazed at the emotions and candor shared in that book. Makes me want to open a coffee shop of my own!
Win a 7 Day Stat To Puerto Rico! Visit www.onqnites.com for more information. #chicago #salsa #bachata RT
I Need A Sign On My Dick That Say Exotic Stallions Apply Here #ImJustSaying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I've gained about 10 followers and twitter still saying i got 279
Congrats on the review!
The Key to Butterfly: Keep your head down and hump the hell out of the water!
Time to go home. And yes, I do mean my bed.
Swag , Woo , Wonton soup
Oh god, I hate the one where Mrs. Landingham dies.
I feel for you - #oneday - Or just move away. Easy fix -
Shit's about to get weird!! #cantwait NYC in less than 24 hours. Probably won't get much done at work today
Despite the need to close firehouses and rec centers it is nice to know that #baltimore can afford to send residents sanitation calendars
I FOUND YOU !!
Another week of rain in store? I would really like to enjoy the next few weeks of decent weather... and Mother Nature is not making it easy.
aw shit im there!!!!
follow me please :)
Why kids get up before the sun when comes up when there's no school and on school days they can't move in the morning
So excited can't wait for Friday with And cara(;
Hey is it possible to have a meet up sometime next week? Rather interested in what you do and would like to learn more. Coffee?
I'm pretty kind to SM's - the cues seem to fall at obvious beats in the show.
Having easter dinner at comfort zone bar b que restaurant in aurora il 37 w. New york st. All I have to say is... Oh.. My... Goodness!!
he had a little weiner
Congrats!!! RT: Pls vote for our film Unsinkable on site! Awarded special mention by at
im so aggravated now. omfg.
Having a great day! WNL later! Its going to be so awesome!
Before i die i want to kiss John O'Callaghan.
Kicking it with my sons
Follow back
enjoyed seeing the Original Vandellas and The Contours last night at the Ren!
Tonight!! All teens need to be a club fuego!! Huge teen night!! Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!! $10 get you inside!!
thanks, boo. i'm pretty pissed.
I know, right? Clearly, I'm a monster that must be stopped.
We would love to hear your feedback on this question: What do you think your power animal is?
What? Lol RT : I don't like seeing skinny men with titties!
Welcome to Favata-104.. This morning its and tomorrow morning its in morning drive. Italians keep it in the family.
Existential angst: identity issues are just as subject to the paradox of choice as are consumer decisions.
rumor is your coming to our Iowa show
Would love someone on the ground snapping some pics!
yeah, we're waiting til 2012 to even consider restarting things - at this point, regrouping and re-strategizing.
I took the short cut...read your tweet only (didn't have time for the whole blog)
jst ate vintage candy :D
Quite the USITT Odyssey. Image what happens when you finally get there!
Timothy Dolan's attitudes are "deeply saddening." He should just shut up and go back to 12th century as we move into 21st.
Well this is boring .
these kids are non-stop entertainment, I tell ya!! ;)
TYSM! < RT : #FF Las Vegas, Nevada We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, &...
LOL aw thats sweet! even though she denied youu
At Staples...pete gillen is here making self service copies. Resumes perhaps?
Give us Freedom~!
Yay for story completion!
The Papa John's spot w/Peyton is pretty dang funny.
thanks for the follow!
Fuck the taste, it gets you drunk faster.
I'm having a hard time believing I'm in #Baltimore right now given the crowd's reaction.
RT : Chinese person says actfu may help win some victories but they mainly do it in an effort to pacify workers
The Patriots are gonna need life support, Cause the Lombardi Trophy is on its way to New York! Super Bowl next week!! Come see us today!
#UCSD students: We are looking for Marketing #interns for Spring Quarter! Send your resume to (CC )
I like how you think!
VCig Employ Staff To Handle Growing Electronic Cigarette Company
Someone loves everything that you hate about yourself.
TJ weak ass need to leave me alone.
#PastorsWords .. Tha best is yet to come!
We placed the 3rd of 4 machines into The Standard tonight. A full restored Black Knight 2000 with enhanced lights.
I love waking up to MY music!!!
But seriously.
3 more till 100! Someone help me please!
It had me until "on a dinner plate, Hangers-On would be the spinach"…Movers + Shakers & spinach are not mutually exclusive!
Mike Hargrove!!!! Definitely.
Sometimes #actors are effing brilliant... and it usually has something to do with being prepared.
you'd be surprised-its not always cheaper
GM Everyone! If you're celebrating be sure to check-in at our locations! 1st Timers, $1 Burrito, Loyals, Free Guac and Chips!
I read Nikky Finney's "Head Off & Split" to kick off National #Poetry Month: "Careful to the very end what you deny, dismiss & cut away."
We have our first playoff game today with my little baseball player!!!! Good luck to all my kids!!! Let's go little Angles!!!
I have time to review your website and give feedback if you pay me...
: YOU'RE ALL TALK!!!
There apparently is a naked bike ride every year :P
Happy you're here!
Our pleasure really! Hope you like your new swag! :)
Listen to the DeWitt Law Review radio show today at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO
So mid-terms for social studies cba's for science nd w.e else i gotta do tuesday and wednesday.... FML
no I don't think so
i need and want leopard pony hair but I CANT find them.. HELP
good morning eddie
we will def be in touch w/u! and thank you very much. spreading the word as much as possible will be a BIG help right now :)
An #ethnographer 's essential toolkit. Besides the intangible knowledge and skills, what would it include?
I appreciate the support!
Boys who tell you "I love you" out of nowhere. <U+E022><U+E414>
#TheAdvocatesasFair Grandstand is open - stop by The Advocates' booth to be part of the I am an ADVOCATE for HUMAN RIGHTS campaign!
no one but im bout to roast ya ass lol
do what!?
" You match too you f'n schmuck" to 's heckling.
as a man, we are like lion. We just want to be the king of the jungle.
Arrived in DC Sat. PM; excited about life as a public servant; making peace with our too-cozy new apt. Now where are those cherry blossoms?
Honesty; a prescription for self growth.
well you cant expect me to remember everything!
yay!!!! I'm not alone
if so - they may need to delete all the stripes!
Wow, just flat out got told that if I move he isn't going to make any effort to come see me.. thanks love you too bf! :/
can it be june 8th already?!
Come as you are. Happy birthday Kurt.
Hi Nancy, can u DM me please, I have a question pertaining to a PA position. Thank You :)
Music bridges the gap between human beings.....
“: Felt he didn't fit at UW, but wants to visit Marq.? Good luck Uthoff may also visit Florida and/or Marquette 'seriously?'
that's nice!
The vizier Nizam al-Mulk, using the state's wealth to found a free university in 1091 in Baghdad.
Understanding data is a customer issue - small barrier to entry and will give results says of
I KNOW RIGHT! THE TWEETS INSPIRE ME
gives me chills every time! <3
Good morning Miss D :) .. Hope you have a awesome memorial day weekend .. Eat a bunch of good BBQ.
the gold heart mountaintop queen directory.
On this Veteran's Day take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Now the question is what am I going to wear..
Hahahahahah, there's a "hot dog hooker"
Enjoying the first #Dodgers home game of the GBM/ era! Dodgers leading the Gints 3-1!
and Happy Birthday!!!! Here's to #trending and #realness in the coming year!!!! Xoxo
You better! :) RT : hi I need to come visit!!
2/23 check my last tweet :)
has nothing to do with neutrality, and everything to do with hard to watch football.
Mojito. That's it.
If you're looking for studio quality lights, then Alien Bees are a popular and reliable entry point.
Yes he built a studio in his house and produces, engineers many talents. Thanks for the retweet.
Congrats on your "Trippin With Perk" #Emmy!!!! You deserve it!!!
Go Fallow He's Awesome ! [:
The #Oscars are so much more fun with Twitter.
Never get comfortable in your relationship, each year you must work harder to keep that person there with you. If not, they will leave.
to sign it.
ah i want to go with you!!!
Fuck rock nation
he did indeed! How many pings did you get? :P
click the button to start recording environment.
Super Hoopla @ www.kandizone.com
Vacations are great.
time to go back to school...
didn't realize you were a gemini. Lol, right on!
So happy that #Maryland passed the #samesexmarraigebill!!
Saturday Shaketail: THE EVIL EMPIRE - Smirnoff Vanilla Bean Vodka, Red Wing Coffee Liqueur, Vanilla Ice Cream.
everyone should follow thanks(:
Thank You! RT Council confirms Mayoral appointments to the Consolidated Plan Advisory Board: A. Friberg, W. Moore, J. Litwak
I swear people are so funny
"Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final." - Roger W. Babson
I attended a week-long preserving photographs workshop by the Image Permanence Institute that was held there. It was great
that explains ALOT.....
So. Cal. Gas performing pipeline integrity work at Grand &amp; Chestnut ...
.: until you pay penance for foisting on america, STFU about "pathetic, political acts." got it? good.
what the hell, I thought your bags were made in SF? why did I just get a bag that says "made in China?"
If you drive by us you'll hear Sinatra, on loud. It's a day that calls for Frank. Closing. Back tomorrow at 11am.
yes sir. And I like the one he did with Al Pacino
iv'e got that in purple (:
thank you so much for the shoutout! :) x
esse i like to be...
I wanna go to kings island.
Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Media Lieracy Education endorsed by ACRL, NCTE, others
Babies can snore....loudly. FYI
Hope I can go my neighbor pegs Easter din not lookn forward her mean dog buddy. My weapon. A bouncy ball.
"No wonder he turned to a life of crime.”
Move on. He's just a chapter in the past. Don't close the book, just turn the page
If you have NOT SEEN #HowIMetYourMother tonight, IGNORE MY NEXT TWEET
They're pathetic, brother! Absolutely embarrassing. Gotta get it done ASAP.
Every one ready for #blackfriday??
#CheckItOut #Money killing me, within 5 seconds. Dying!!!!!!
": Working diligently on 1853 map of the rest of SF Bay, including the South Bay and West Oakland.
“: Meeting so many #Catholic folk filled with hate for gays. I am so glad my Catholic fam is so supportive #civilunions #coleg”
Fun indeed! Good find!
Beautiful! Haunting!
12 mile morning run following by raw sandwich with fresh coconut water at farmer's market. Nice healthy Saturday!
#thingssomepeopledonthave ANY Muthafukin Sense....Damn Shame...
Watching WWE DVD easter egg xtras.
Yes, a groovy sick weird metal band. Think Tim Burton mix with metal? xD amazing writer, vocalist.
Hey, if you want to come back to the GE Committee, we will welcome you with open arms! (cue Journey..)
Brain: There are other guys in this world. Heart: But he is the one. </3
April isn't in Side by Side (suckers)....and how DARE you bring up <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> choreo.
Great comparison RT : 50% of marketers to invest in #SM monitoring tools. Not monitoring #SM is like not watching game film.
Aren't you just a cutie and all. I am glad to have met you. I would be lost without you Mike
you stating to the true :) love you too with all my heart <3
Just thought Id inform you all that there is, in fact, a double rainbow outside my house.
oh yea her name is Tutti
Marlins. Their 1st round pick Jose Fernandez is on the team. Great kid.
so tired, I guess I could take my dog to my mom's tomorrow now but I should just do it tonight and get it over with
Hey , where the hell are you?!?
love lightning-greatest natural spectacle
I personally love memoirs! 's Smile is a great graphic novel choice. Born on a Blue Day about autistic young man. 1/2
Any time you or your employees are faced with a decision, a simple review of your core values should be enough to make the right decision.
No matter your faith, religion or personal beliefs...God made a special day so that we can share this time with our Creator.
RT Shoutout To My New Followers TYSM for including me in the list!
Seriously, saying Harry's even bi can ruin his career. Even if he was, I'd support him through everything, but don't start rumors.
Hdmsjsjshaahaibs somebody text me or something! I'm so freaking bored!
Defense lawyer suggest it's preposterous that #Huguely took Love's laptop, "her email machine" to steal threatening email.
i just wanna leave here. :/
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated.
& #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet I love you guys<3
Any theories on who the Knick player was he was talking about?
Might be! He on everything else!! RT : Is Hamilton on roids?
Fight hard...not for whats in front of you, but for whats inside of you <3 unleash your best~
Things get worse for the Saints...
That's what's up!
Gonna Go To Sleep Now. Goodnight :/
Money brings problems,but it also solves problems
FINALLY saw The Avengers, and now I want to Kick. Some. Ass. Feel good movie of the decade.
Things need to change,I cant live like this
awesome! i bet you're excited about that! i know i was :) not too much here, just working on a new ep
Hi Gary
Like gravitates toward like and association breeds assimilation. Play up vs. Play down in who you associate with.
RT : God, I love more every week on #DWTS such a wonderful guy all around!
Awesome :D did you guys have fun?
moving into my apartment Saturday...cant wait...who wants to help me move:)
Post Amy Winehouse: If you know that a habbit is bad 4u do not start it. Once you start it is going to be difficult to stop. DO NOT START!
Finna carry the weight for my city like cargo ship
The fakest thing you can do is talk about how real you are.
which cheek
Thank you Ingrid! Your healing continues to inspire me. RT : #FF and inspire me.
Keeping at it for #natgas! It is such a great story... trying to keep on telling it!
The Wall Street protesters are the 99% angry Americans fighting for the future of the country; they are neither Democrats nor Republicans.
RT : User: "So I can listen to Pandora in #Salesforce?" Me: "No, that's my bookmarks bar." #Facepalm <--LOL!
it is, but I don't think I've ever used it. I'm all about the 2 day shipping and no minimum. If you buy a lot it's a no brainer
I love #apple they have the best customer service ever! :)
perhaps the solution there is to rotate at least two global chairs after each conference.
We're seeing Freddie Garcia's last start for the Yankees today hopefully. Give the ball to some rookie and we would get a better result.
Watching this thing on gay marriage, I like hearing the different arguments. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Canada has chefs?
haha good for him! you have a smart kid there
Thanks for the new followers today, You Rock!!
oh my fault that was an hour ago lol
I didnt know Alexis daughter name is Melania
Jonah Congrats to your Detroit Tigers for beating the Evil Empire! Good Luck with the Rangers!
Alright fine. I GUESS fleet foxes are a good band
": RT : I hate HATE when guys ask for nudes. I hate it."
Darius and Eloy are picking up diplomas today.
RT : - Watch me on and learn about how I #reducebellyfat !
If there's a hundred reason to quit, I'm sure there's also a thousand reasons not to give up. <U+2665>
Min of 15 for a private tour. I'll check on the price, but regular tours range from $6-$11 per person.
DOE source: all #LANL air rad monitors active/fnctng and mobile rad mon crews being deployed
Also, apparently you didn't need a passport to go to Malaysia in 1897.
Remember me? Posting a new song soon. ;-)
Thank you
#collegeragin keep it up!
Yeah I'll just make some thrift store runs to fill in I guess.
I can not stand when a persons breath over powers their nice smelling cologne, that really pisses me off.
have a good time over there for new years
- Will you be at the Baltimore Comic Con in Sept?
Hurricane Earl on track to swipe the East Coast and bring winds and coastal flooding... and cause delays to our construction schedule!
Thanks to twitter I always know the current temperature of random cities.
Siri Assistant- Now we can have a dialogue without even requiring a person on the other end- Just our phone- Amazing and crazy right?
#WhyYouMadThough idk why you mad, you always gone be mad lol
first DMB show super stoked! Everytime I get a ticket I end up not being able to go!
i was just at the gym! :D 30 mins on the treadmill(:
peanut butter?
Is it? I thought it was almost done.
Jon Ippolito introduces Variable Media strategy, emulation: reach into the past and bring back content
I'm watching it! You should follow me babe.
Honestly here for Daniel Radcliffe.
You want it all? Start with a
Yaaay buddy time for go Travis & Wes, give me laughter, action & sex appeal.
People get in my head to easy
Your Awesome!!!
Did you un-follow a ton of people on the site twitter account?
We've still got a little delirium Noel left..... Stop by before it's gone!
R.I.P Paul Baran. You will live on through your work.
meg and I got chased down the road by big bad John a few days ago... Very few people will appreciate this like you will ;)
to think I gave ya a chance
Just found in my new neighborhood! Won't have to ditch my gardening addiction in '12 after all.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!12
Game over!
Tomorrow! Wednesday! 5/2/12 BE WATCHING for freebies & HUGE announcement!
#Follow: 23 to go! RT : When #NSMN reaches 1700 followers, two lucky #sportsbiz tweeps will win FREE one-year memberships.(Rt)
Since nobody is joining our little online "OHANA" we are going to make changes to the site. IC will be up for the next 6 months.
dipshit? Live and let live man. Don't shit on someone for honoring someone they were a fan of.
RT : I gave them my heart. They gave me a notebook.
oh kill me now, eng paper is kickin my ass
Would it drop this year?
can I come
This is why Austin is home..I went for a run this morning and discovered a race in my neighborhood, and a live band :)
Will do! Same for you guys
I MISS YOUR FACE!
He doesn't work for Joe : How does Julian Green not resign from the #Cubs over this?
Holy fuck Britney Spears never seizes to amaze me!
lol, and i see u liking that shit, lol...
#notmyfault the fucker wouldn't go out.so then I blew it harder and splattered wax everywhere...including my face.
#FF Always enjoy Kimberly's unique & refreshing perspective on things, excellent follow.
I've always much preferred Family Guy to American Dad
LEED certified building. Next to it: three truck sized dumpsters full of undergrad detritus on its way to the landfill.
Is there anyone at this BC-USC game, it is silent in that place... May be the closest but also the most boring game.
North Carolina is mean.
RT Days like today are important because they remind you who's really important in your life.
#nyy #yankees The entire league is watching Joe. We are a line up built on HOME RUN POWER (and that's ok). You don't want to alter the swing
RT the boyz are the reason why there are younger crews on the show right now tbh. the boyz made history.
If you want to experience love, you have to take the risk. Love's always worth the risk. ~ Author Unknown
Thank you! :)
If video games make you violent, does monopoly make you a millionaire?
With so many bands looking for drummers and so many drummers looking for vans, you wonder why both don't scour used car lots.
dm We are looking for advisors willing to be called on to solicit input. Avg expected time per quarter = 1 hr. Would you consider?
What band member ex is the song "Honestly" about? is ready to reveal all with Tommy after 3pm!
Yes it was! RT : Omg "Predator or Potter" on ... Hilarious!!!!
thank you
"We don't usually get lines." -
thanks for a great event! #success!
lol, Not gonna do one?
:) this might be the stupidest question ever!! but how do i know if someone tweets me! lol
Hey most of twitter, does all your food taste like poop? Cause you sure do a lot of ass-kissing.
Feeling like I need to play a round of golf. Anyone want to send me a jet?
i dont blame you it was boring but ok i will
I have a face that looks like I'm constantly donating blood.
You know your shit. (O_O)-b
try a kareoke style with PowerPoint playing music across the slides.It will be easier.
work bball p90x sleep drink repeat
Whats ur fav hair product that u cant live without???
you're welcome! The store is incredible!
Interested to hear this interview with
Ok, Twitter. It's 3:30 AM. I'm still awake, and working, and miserable. Redeem me.
So does the out of tune guy yelling "here we go Marty, here we go!" between every point help you, or do you want to strangle him?
#LTNY IT must market itself to users and ask questions. I think this should include library, BD, KM, CI too - not just attys, secretaries.
For those who are wanting a britney follow... you better be prepared for X factor because that's your best chance! I got mine when HIAM came
Photo Shoot Crazy . Everything HD
You too!! Happy Birthday!!
We are going to pick and carve pumpkins tonight with good friends <3
A Rally squirrel just b/c it ran on the field?? Good thing teams haven't adopted a rally streaker!
liking Slacker Radio. first selection "Get Down To Night" K.C. and the Sunshine Band...showing my age, but they don't make em like that now!
omg i love smoothies
imma come back juneteenth or if some more parties come up. and damn im not suprised.
I can't fall asleep but I'm tired!!!! Ugh
Line for starbucks is out the door.
New cover coming out soon!! Thinking about makin a music video but who knows
hahah yeah I do, I miss that! Those kids were crazy..
I need more followers,!
Hi Rebecca - Great speaking with you today. I hope we can get started soon on the photography web site. Cheers!
Packing up to drive an hour west to seal a deal...be back laterz...peace
Don't worry, you can't miss my truck. She's the sweet, cherry red ride, packing longboards, out back.
Congratulations Old Dominion University for making the big dance!
Hey #Belltown, need an oasis from the crazy St. Pat's Day crowd? We're here for you! Happy hour 5-8pm.
#BlackParentsQuotes Yo Ass Always On Facebook & Twitter.. U NEED A JOB! lol
Hate seeing girls with huge racks, but their face looks like mine =( donate that shit to your cute flat chested friend!
If you would have a good wife, marry one who has been a good daughter. Thomas Fuller
I think Kelleigh will be mad
On Conference call with Freeway
Happy Independence Day, South Sudan! July 9, 2011 We are praying for you.
thanks. Is there also a way for me to be added to next CityGuide guide training?
I go there on Saturdays because I was pretty much raised there..
I was thinking about you today. I hope all is well. (:
Dear spellcheck development dept, I'd like to service you for messing up my texture. I'm sexing your manhood to comply as well.
Alyssia >>>>>>>>>>>> YOU(Whoever Gets Offended)
follow me
Visit the Hirshberg Traning Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband!
I don't luv no material things but I'm in luv feelings they bring
I'd rather be running.
needs to go to jail
As the number of conversations increase the volume exponentially increases as well.
Rise and shine!
thanks! I can't seem to leave it alone...
Following for content and not for numbers.
Great 8-bit share!!
A figure skater just made Nater-Tater look like a wuss.
your welcome enjoy your day
its always up north dudes recording gay shit for worldstar.
You know you're not a good friend when you realize that your best Rusher friend of 3 years is also a Directioner...
especially for future dog food
base.com let me win the who set I am a great customer
fuck this game
I need some army fatigue cargo shorts. Anyone know where I can get some from???
Pre-Conference for #NLANEMA2011 at the Nebraska State Capitol Building was fun! Got to see some of the secret doors and passageways!
As an "anxious", I can say I'm WAY too sensitive between hypervigilance and worries about others. New meds FINALLY helping, tho
HEY Nick! This account is totally inactive. If you're interested in following my tweets for real I'm
Aww shucks, I'm blushing!
Maybe they'll book three into two seasons. There's so much ground to cover.
- feel better soon! :)
Florida is best "win sloppy" team in the country!!
my few words of chinese - hello, thank you and go usa - aren't sufficient for this negotiation. thank god for my translator (and witness).
oh where yhu from and i school in chicago x lol wat ya favourite color
Responsive Design, I love you but I'm not in love with you.
*bends over n mini skirt to pic up wrap*
I feel like a dumb beast. Even more sad haha
When I hear Bush "Machine Head" I think of a big 3rd down for the #Badgers defense. Those ath mkt guys are geniuses! Right ?
is going to be on with and with a vegan fast food thanksgiving! 9:45am on Ch. 9!
People would get way more fired up about a four team 7-on-7 tournament full of uber-athleticism.
From : "The Main Street Program is working, downtown Milford and Holly are 100% occupied...but there's still work to do"
I feel y a - are you going to the + Kanon Vodka party tonight?
May 26 - Beacon Theatre, New York NY (2 SHOWS) () is opening for us!
#student Bland County schools get grant funding » Local News » Bluefield Daily Telegraph, Bluefield, WV
Delta Force in Black Hawk Down>>>>>
Good news: we are winning. Bad news: our defensemen are dropping like flies. Not you too, Andre!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you cant find your purse/wallet
Well, Wolf's been bad all year, but yeah, I get that.
RT : I watched Schindler's List today and it wasn't as sad as the Sabres powerplay
So many events happening this week for NABJ_INDY! Hope you can come out to some of them!
Okay, I think I need to get out of here, head home, and have dinner and watch more Italian westerns. Back to work tomorrow. C-u b-4 then!
*you're
Equinox here I come
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Simpsons-Bowles: If I remember House reps n Paul Ryan killed it, and now blame Obama.
yes, works fine now thx
#THATSHOULDBEME in you're dreams
If you ever want to be overwhelmed with apple products, try in Austin, TX. Nuts.
Looks like it's still an issue. If you drop your vpn connection, you should be able to simulate it. Added a note to the GH issue
“: Congratulations to Coach Popovich of the San Antonio Spurs. He won the "Coach of the Year" award!”
soo.. What are you up to?
2 years down the drain.....
you know we were kidding! Love you more!!
try this google search.. LET IT SNOW
Finally done with the sats
Do u know any good article abt how to define a cohesive style of work? Or your own tips?
well there was a story about me and him having a lil fight
& are best rappers under 25
It's election day in Baltimore City! Get out and vote!
Oh my god, I'm so dumb! I #just realized that the little house on twitter is a bird house...I wondered why there were holes in it.
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario. Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
#ff my cute dork of a husband <U+2665>
I wonder if the nicest family in the world would consider checking out my blog? I'm sure you get asked this all the time. Please
don't you think they r ganna get pissed if we have a group of 6?
We love #food. we invaded hundreds #restaurants for you. Wanna get hooked up all year long? Follow us and become an invader today
Those drones help save American lives by lessening the number of boots-on-the-ground folks we have 2 deploy into harm's way
that said--it has some basis in truth. and while not necessarily a problem in itself, maybe indicative of a lack of innovation?
I could probably write a funny post about "denying thyself" as I haven't had carbs for almost a month now. Killing me!
Thank you. have fun in NY
I will be doing nothing when the New Year rolls in.
Quite frankly stoned and riveted by the Puppy Bowl.
we heard! :) RT “ and ... did you know Portland cellist was referenced in Avengers flick ? Keep on pluckin'”
I don't know how u tweet so early. thanks buddy! :)
They wearing slippers in the dayroom
THOSE WHOM LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES. SHOULD NOT THROW STONES. OR MASTURBATE DURING THE DAYTIME! a haiku for you.
moving to NYC?
Our service is totally FREE for our clients with NO RISK!
Driving through LA this morning with snow sighted in the hills?
#WHITEHOUSE Imagine a congress working together to achieve the great things said tonite. Its possible, if we take money out of politics.
is it on? Is so what network !!!
nigga who always tryna be down irk my dick !.
But I wish I was cruisin some back roads instead of working <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Join us for a stand against racism! Come to the causeway this Friday at 12:30!
60 days until opening day for the Boston Red Sox
ur a gorgeous girl!!
Ok give me your email address..... I'll send u something ......
could have kept miller too....
cookie explosion
the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
is that from the book of the raptor jesus?
So whoever say JL hungry is lying/ I’m starving, I’m famine, man I act like I never eat sonny...
Stuck at the mall once again. You'd thin that when someone messes up your car they'd be more apologetic..
She act like she's super tough; but never had a fight
Remembering today. Thanks to all the first responders and soldiers who fight to keep us safe.
Dude, it's Uruguay. RT #TechCamp Montevideo planning certainly has its roadbumps, but we ironing things out.
I finally finished my room!
on his way to large fire in Newport. He'll be live at 9 & 10 on Fox 9.
"Negrophobia": Today's new D-Film. Watch on the Website or Youtube. Dig.
Sitting next to the engine. Please, please no birds or explosions. #IHateFlying, have I mentioned that?!
We have an instagram everyone go follow us! Creator_hxc
Thanks lady! Wish you could be there!
disagree, love the way t-shirts look.
“: #greatplayers Get fouled! To win the big games, you must get to the free throw line and then you must make them.”
7 Blue Skies would like to state for the record that Cassadaga IS a boys trip. No further questions.
It’s time to get silly and fancy for our Fancy Pantsie #SillySaturday at GCM! Grab your bowtie and ball gown and join us for a...
Thanks! Excited to part of a great cause!
Crazy how so many girls out there are two faced
that's awesome
Justin! I wished you were here today... Missing you<3
dope mixtape man , glad to see somebody come out the hometown to..keep doing your thing
MCM Oct. 28. Semper Fi, Do or Die! Ahyawht! 26.2 miles. No pain, no gain. Might run it in my boot cast.
Want to find out more about NAIOP Wisconsin? Join our NAIOP Wisconsin Linked In Group, Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 33
Time for jacob's daily sunday night call.
#Like #MarkStuartDanceTheatre #FB page and check our latest album.
No, sorry. What, bragging rights aren't enough?
will you please follow me please please please :) I would legit start crying if you noticed me!!!
How's everyone been ??
Gabe Pincus (SFS '14) asks about beautifying campus (empty walls and green areas by Leavey), Leo's composting, and gardens.
When I said that you are like a stream of bat's piss, I only meant that you shine out like a shaft of gold when all around it is dark...
Me:AH My Conscious:What? Me: Followed Me!!!!
Hey Besto, what do u have going on this weekend? I close all weekend but Im off monday we should do something
hi. after watching 's playing lessons, id like to see him as ' swing guru. thoughts?
very true! RT : Don't waste our time trying to get people to love us. Spend our time with those who already do.. ~
Classes have started and everything is in full swing. Smiling faces - both familiar and new. It's sunny. Life is good at Randolph!
I am pretty sure I am fond of the people who speak parables, but I am discovering that I think in juxtapositions.
Oh, I know. Just trying to get under your skin.
All will be forgiven!
It seems to hang and not let me add in the activities area. I can never add anything in there. Do what you suggested did not work
u r silly
Yea! Love me some Cougar Town! ": New episodes starting this Tuesday, Feb 14th, 8:30pm. SPREAD. THE. WORD. Word."
last night of going out to house/electronic music for a while. just as it was growing on me
I really wanted to see ProjectX tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Had a great dinner w great friends tonight.
thanks for following us!
Last trip to SFO for awhile.
We belong together (Mariah Carey voice)
I just pissed all over the Pizza toilet seat. I ain't got
Bush jinxes Rangers. Again.
Welcome. The Twitterverse needs you here.
YEE! (: Please I would love to be apart of this
Look at you Politically active Vermonsters!!
Twitter's messing with me
Put god first and everything thing else will come into place.
Minimum or maximum age?
An awesome week of phone calls, texts, emails and international Skype calls, signifying...time will tell.
lol it's good; I'm straight. Thanks :)
Only 4 days until we start the adventure... 8 different countries with backpacks, railpasses, and cameras in tow... Europe here we come!
DC bound to see my suessical !
Getting ready to do a final grading push. Soundtrack suggestions?
It's only a "bad" thing because: 1) they push the idea that friends are important in buying decisions when often it's not.
I heard it it's beat
You're a real mcasshole
I'm trapped in a Wendy's while it's monsooning outside. Awesome.
The opposite of happiness is not sadness, I believe the opposite of happiness is BOREDOM!
The more you try to deny your feelings the more they show. The more you try to deny then the more they grow.
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
#livin Oh Yeah baby!
Heading out to the Tournament, #FF ,
Took down exhibit of Haitian metal art @ SPSfG. So happy it appealed to students, parents, teachers, & maintenance staff. Thx !
I'd be proud to say I was from #Nashville -- cool place
Feeling grateful to live in an age of powerful antibiotics. Pneumonia sucks.
Imagine you are in a hot wet sauna, have a hot hair dryer blowing on you, & you are sitting on a heating pad. That's today in Raleigh.
give it up for nick cuz now heez wunadem "college graduate"
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." - St. Francis of Assisi
Just by talking 2 u I know ur stronger :-) ur Totally Rite.
One more to 2600 followers! RT to interested persons, b/c even the twitterverse deserves unbiased facts.
oh cool! where at? i'm from right outside of denver, excited for my annual summer trip home in july :)
Thanks dude!
do the hawks have the chance to sign Ilgauskas?
ha oops! Read that wrong. But I feel that! He been telling me about that. If y'all good file or whatever to videos hit me
I'm not surprised. buddy doesn't trade. he doesn't draft wrs or ol early. and they need an upgrade.
My mom is the bees knees, please pray that she'll have a safe surgery!
": “: daayyyyuuummm” It be like that sometimes." I understand that
Learning how to navigate the Galaxy
25 more follows too 700, bring it on twitter!
Went to The Wilderness Resort in Wisconsin Dells over the weekend with familyy. Jeez, was that a crazyy trip!!
Damn, you were full. :(
thank you for the RT! :)
I'm creeping you
prepared to give two speeches today and I wake up with laryngitis
Last Build Day this Saturday. Sign Ups will be very limited!!!!!!! Only 60 spots available!!! Sign Up today at the meeting!!!
screen casting is hard work!
loving the incremental design+feature updates on flow. defaulting the due date to today for items in day view? awesome. nice work !
...Hilary's name is in the news now but only related to certain policy issues, this would give her time to put herself back in the game..
time to add more servers (wish wish)
Attention male singers. OCB has a couple of open spots for tonight & tomorrow. Email . Spread word to your friends.
Moonstruck Halloween truffles- Frankenstein, eyeballs, pumpkins and more! See you soon
Everyone asks me what I'm going to do. Am I leaving? Am I staying? When? Which do you like better?
Purchase tivo! Great TV is born from great opportunity
Thanks! deserves all the credit; we're just happy we got to work with them.
I need to jumstart this website so please help! I will help you and you can help me. I am offering FREE Advertising for the 1st4 grub joints
re-job and all systems go.
we need to hang out soon! during the week maybe. i feel like were losing touch :(
THEY DELIVER AND CATERING AVAILABLE FOR ALL YOUR SPECIAL OCCASIONS 585- 340- 6100 MUST TRY IT!!!!!!! ALL FOODS GO C 4 YOURSELF!!
Recommended: Rich Hawk's oil and patina on copper at L Street. Striking.
Us too!
I was starting to give you the benefit of the doubt , smh!
#3WordsForYou... you have problems
"Suh is a weird guy. You ever listen to his interviews? He sounds like Marv if he was a football player."
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I better get this call--it's my husband."
Thanks so much for the RT! By the way, your Twitter background is the best I've seen.
“ I can't stand no #deadbeat ass father ... Take care of your kids!!!”
: Interesting thing is each URL will have it's own mobile region so you can set a block for responsive, mobile view.
#BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING OMBBBBBBB!!!!! AH I HAVE IT FOREVER ON REPLAY! <3
"arrogate". Hm. Interesting. I like the word "jidiot". Cross between a jackass & and idiot . . . mwah. Bev
Round two at Cathedral Square today for the Farmer's Market. Chorizo or veggie breakfast burritos until 11:00am. Yummy!
Check us out this june at the Orlando beauty show!
Something unlocked tonight... Ready or Not, Here I AM...
They did more than that. :) Book is in the works.
It’s so funny how i just don’t care
I didn't listen today, my bad if you already said something similar. It's hard to tweet w/ you radio guys- you cover so much.
#whosgonnalose - Super Bowl 44 - Fricke: Saints will lose / Landry: Colts will lose / Team vote: 3-2 Colts will lose
you are welcome!
I've literally spent every night in London shaking bc of the cold
Don't you just love when you're recording numbers in Google Analytics for different metrics, and forget to change the date range...... yay!
Govt keeps US military close, China's closer - Bangkok Post
and I can't tell u how much I rly appreciate ur constant support!! I'm happy we keep helping each other! :)
Isn't everyone a journalist, now? ;-)
Have we really not progressed beyond the vuvuzela? Really?
Registries: the lower the barriers, the more bad information can get in; YouTube a good example (take downs for no reason)
CES is still going on this weekend. Any last thoughts or insights to share? What would your ideal Swiss Army-esque mobile device be doing?
I'm sorry. But I absolutely hate north Milwaukee.
good but now someone's mad at me and I feel really really really really bad ='(
Yep. Dixon was working out for the Ravens recently. SMH
Vegas Luck - Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit. ~ just a thought
Jeff is a good dude. Have a great time in Dynamics and if you're ever in Chamblee stop by for a WOD at the BTB there!
agreed. Been thinking that's what he meant..all about distraction after distraction but never facing things perhaps
Hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy.. but here's my penis.. so suck it baby ;)
Shit's finally improving, a coworker is meeting me at the bar so now I can use the company card!! Shots for all... except the prude.
how is this possible! Go people go to our promo partners' awesomeness!
Wondering if we can use the hashtag #LLO for Library Leadership Ohio.
Oscars, zombies, little people, douchebags, gangsters oh my.
Thanks for the retweet and thanks for following
haha love you justin :)
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new
God will never stand with you IN sin... But he will usher you THROUGH sin!!
but I'm not ground.. but I brought my extra casing for your phone!
that may scare him...but then again if he's scared of that then he may be scared of you...
that wad funny as fuck lmao
I wish I felt okay.
S/O to my Tim for being such a cool chick! #Workhard #Playhard #beautybondin'
Ha. An 'exercise ball' thankyouvermuch. (But one that, yes, I hope will get me through the birthing process). Helps the hips!
Happy Holidays from Pink Banana Theatre!
About to take Business Majors into a 5 week journey on the knowledge of God. 3-5 sec. prayers appreciated. Marketplace impact for Jesus.
at this rate grienke would have been at 168 in the 6th.
is alarmed by how much Dexter (a serial killer on a Showtime TV show for those unaware) reminds her of a guy she briefly dated.
Writing my first book proposal (for an edited collection of essays). Eek! Any tips out there?
Thanks for sharing. How was your food?
« had fun today. If you ever need another pa just let me know :p» aw thnx Funkbear Lol And you know I will xox(:
The final special #CD101DaySideB lounge tip coming your way at 3:35p for a chance to win box seats!!!!
. that was my twin gravey, im ravey!
It may be better as a book for some of your corporate clients but it was a great read nonetheless.
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm
Library of the Future session is packed. So fun.
- kick the servers again - the web site is still broken!
yes I'm sorry " my fingers are to fat "
So much happening in Madison tonight for No idea how you choose just one. Also: Taxis!
Tues. Photo Flashback: The Elders at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2007 - www.theconcertstage.com/elders2007.html
Jasper has the same think brilliant diamond supply shirt as me. Except hes black
I need a swisher right about now
#1 reason why baseball is better then football:
Sometimes it's good to really look back at everything.
Good news for chocaholics! Chocolate can be a super food--but only dark, not milk or white, with a 60-80 cocoa content. And tiny pieces!
Skech Fabric Flipper or maybe an Otterbox.
Oh thank goodness my son & I in nice guestroom in a real bed under real covers.. Laughing silly together. Best mothers day!
Anybody Wanna Join?
Conditioning needs music. Hmm
Life is a Rat Race we all want the cheese..
goo goo ga ga
Tribune wine club #winetips 56: As a general rule, when serving multiple bottles of wine, pour less costly bottles before expensive ones.
You've given me reasons to smile, & good times to laugh about, but most of all you've given me memories I could never forget..:)
You need to tweet ALOT more often then you do now cause I miss your adorbale tweets! :3
Today is National Bring a Friend to FREE LUNCH at the Wesley
Make something better than before you were there<3
no kids just me and Alex. I think its the best show I've ever seen.
She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.
rumors, rumors, rumors.
My apartment is soo clean thanks Elise.
I'd love to put my cake in your oven. And let it sit there. For hours..
THAT'S SO GODDAMN FAR.
I like the girl fights!!!
Catching up w/ those crazy Lannisters :)
yes disappointed. Saw those billboards two weeks ago and thought the same.
Who's playing fantasy NCAA?
Full to the brim, and I like it.
Fingers: sprained index finger
Jimmy Cabrera & Dr A ready 2 motivate students @ J.O. Kelly, Helen Tyson Middle schools & George JR HS in final round in Springdale
What NFL position would you want to play? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
W/ all the hoopla in the media re: our troops, you'd think they had dragged the Taliban through the streets & suspended them from a bridge.
Time to go Study the word of God before bed time. Goodnight Twitter God bless.
:) I'm hoping to take some of the online classes until I can get myself set up out there again! That's my plan anyways. Haha
I know better recap this Lakers win with me.
Thanks for the mention
Scientific Agency to Drop BlackBerry for iPhone
sorry man, i didnt get it....
Nice win by the Pacers, now let's go Spurs!
followed him
Watching GCB has inspired me - in light of continued unemployment - to seek out fantastic new opportunities in Juarez, MX, the place to be.
also Friday Jason Derulo coming to the fair
Post more as I'd love to see them.
speaking at #SVBCEO event. "Hiring our first VP of HR...that's always traumatic for a company."
happy birthday
Girl you know you got the lime light the good stuff to get my mind right ~ jaywill
One of Sugarland's attorneys now accusing Allen of making inappropriate comments about the case
MEE TO!!! RT so pumped for grand opening tomorrow!
I know we are too short for basketball but El Team Peruano (don't hit the block button)
RT : My Brickell peeps - bring a cork into tonight to get 10% off!
Great Q&A today!
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I wish was banned. It's the most corrupt company around.
I'm taking the same route to the city that I did to see :') I miss it so much:(
Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills.
and So You Think You Can Dance.
I need to go back to bucas
I am pretty persuasive when it comes to #qdoba! What did you get?
fuck psychology courses and the assignments they bring on me
Indiana House Democrats end boycott over right-to-work and return to work, but make no promises they won't walk again.
Oh course I relate that to coaching. Every coach is a project manager! Manage people, manage how you speak with them and be willing to adapt
oh it's not about making money to me. It's about experience! Lol I just want to be happy. Money can't buy happiness for me.
Its non specific but consistently buffering. Thinking of dropping this part of subscription.
that's exactly right!
are you sure they weren't describing some of the politicians and "ed-deformers"? It would fit them.
Celebrations have already started in my neighborhood. Will be lucky to get any sleep this weekend.
there's another in PV shops with grand ceilings! I grew up between them and think Corinth is LESS snooty haha.
Would you rather be underpaid or overrated
Great watching former Broncos QB Jake Plummer run passing routes with NFLers & draft class out at Camp
Keep messing with Lucretia and you will soon find out what that bad bitch is really about, Ashur! #2ndviewingdone #Spartacus 8
Exhausted. I'm out.
trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
you guys are so lucky! Ahh good luck man! We will be watching!
I'm to done with school!
Live in El Paso? Don't get stuck in another traffic jam! Follow to get instant traffic updates.
Its just not the same with a different laptop..</3
what language are you speaking?
I have made 19 field day contacts! All on 10m 28.400
YOU'RE UP ALREADY?!?!? Good Morning Sunshine(: .
You never know how strong you are until bring strong is the only choice u have :)
how bout this, the bombers that builds a better snowman wins? Decided by public votes.
At the rate your trip is progressing, I might run into you at Detroit Metro on Saturday! Good luck.
I think they are Dior
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ? It's mean ALOT & I love your videos!
Recovering from what? Don't drink too much, it will kill your liver, DUH!
yea! I came home too over my spring break and you weren't there, I was crushed!
ok baekhyun and chanyeol are so cute.
Should I cut bangs in my hair probably not right
Did you know... Studies show organic food to be more nutritious. It is!
Well the kitten really looked like a rat! Sorry neighbor didnt mean to hurt your feelings.
Pen perhaps?
thank you:)
BtoBSocialMedia: 89 percent of companies note that social media will become a useful cog in their marketing mix moving forwa
U r free boi!
Our television networks practice self-censorship in avoiding the consequences of war, which makes war coverage fraudulent.
Someone teach me about hockey!!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
m, you run 500 miles??
You have such an awesome fashion sense!! <3 I love you in House of Anubis! You are so amazing and adorable! :)
I became a Spam eater when I was there...you could get it at McDonalds!
It's a beautiful sunny afternoon to stop along Avenue of the Fountains this afternoon for the Art on the Avenue and Farmers Market...
yes but make the title Don Peyote
What is your favorite TV show from your childhood?
Everyone is always thirsty for followers, if it matters that much to you, you should get out more.
Would love more pointers to example "intro to DH" workshops for grad students. Any thoughts?
I love when anyone tells me I am going to have to go to Bloomington. Uhm, yes please!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there.
I hate that I read our old messages, it makes me #RememberHow things used to be
Jus tryin 2 live in the now. I think sometimes we get so caught up in the future that we forget 2 just live. No 1 knos what the future hold
Awww... Cute. And C looks ok too
Give the gift that doesn't get "re-gifted" - handmade olive oil soap!
well fire is pretty ! You've never had the urge to burn something ?!
Back in the office after a surprisingly good Graph Expo show
and #natgas is hiring in the great state of MI as well!
We're sad to announce that Sweetwater Restaurant and Bar has closed. Let's support our local businesses and stop them from all closing!
Seriously. Someone text me.
haha! yes, exactly. so, by extension, studies show that you should always complain about the refs unless you want kids in therapy
Omg 4 minutes!!!
Limited room for criticl engagement and hard to challenge everyone on the bandwagon. Too distributed for a lone voice to stop?
But he might need a curling iron
How about them #USF Bulls! first half was slow, but they picked it up, they are looking good. Perhaps
omg i can't wait for the tour dates! 3rd time seeing you:)
Finally Setting up a website with bob Curtin for our production team. Stoked
can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D<3
Catch Special Guests & at 6:30pm today on 106.3FM Royal Radio New York - www.royalradio1063fm.com
got the phone back. no facebook for awhile,
u already kno..keep posted on any performances u got comin too
Not sure the context here, but what a powerful, inspiring thought. RT : Hugs for everyone
Probably not gonna tweet much on here tbh, I normally just use , so if you're actually bothered, follow me there lol
Those wearing t-shirts (and why not in this wonderful weather) seem about evenly divided between inages of MLK and Obama.
Happy birthday sweet cheeks :)
That one earned a follow. RT : Thank you vikings for taking an OL instead of a DT.
Getting into the studio this Friday to get some new tracks out for you guys! :D
don't know! Followed TK's stock recipe to the letter. Smells like feet, tastes like carrots :( Next time I'll use Cook's.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a result of repeated concussions and brain trauma-and can only be diagnosed post mortem.
I live near Pittsburgh and felt the earthquake! It shook my chair a bit and moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
This diet wouldn't be hard if I could figure out how in the hell to eat 450g of carbs a day
Do you know any good hip-hop clubs in Frisco? Preferably ones that have local talent?
On my way to CBS for a meeting with , lunch, work, and then more work.
oohh well i dont think i know u
Oh John Stewart I love you. RT Tonight: Are Mormons weird, or is it weird that people think Mormons are weird?
hopefully in a bit. checking w/ studio
Paleo pumpkin bread. RT What was the best thing you ate this Thanksgiving?
Made the cauliflower soup with panchetta today. LOVE IT, girl you awesome!!!!
I my self wish it was last Oct. 4th again...
Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Oh man, just reminded me how much I could go for a Patachou breakfast right now! Or anytime, really. Or all the time.
RT Anyone who says he wants to be a writer and isn’t writing, doesn’t. ERNEST HEMINGWAY
I think not! I dont think he should be given any airtime whatsoever..........
But if you live in DC, your entire life is forever thrown off by POTUS getting to know the peeps...I'd love/hate it I think
Brother-in-law always hates on A. Smith. Texted him: If you don't profess your love for #AlexSmith I will fly to Salt Lake and fight you
Subtlety might just be overrated.
Just trying to watch the Allstate game
Happy Friday everyone! The first snow is a great time to stay indoors with a good book. What are you planning to read this weekend?
On bulldog food: “[it] also boasts ‘highly digestible proteins,’ because bulldogs are the most relentless farters in the canine world.”
#TuesdayTrivia did you know hosts 2 of the largest fundraisers for AIDS in NV? Last month’s #AIDSWalk &August’s
thanks for the RT!
I know noone is going to believe this...but i asked the whole pirate or ninja question on formspring...kinda sad noone believes me
I Followed :)
hell yeah and them burgers i made
talk about running for 2 hours with a 15 second break and 120 sit ups
I thought #Twitter 101 session at #ASTDTK12 demystified the blue bird! YAY! I can tweet away!
save him!
Realignment. Some need a Chiropractor. I just need Coachella.
here for #smsportschat multi-tasking watching
movie theatre would be fun job, I worked for a while at Camelot music in concord pushing new wave bands during the mid 80's
Na Na Na Gonna Have A Goodtime Hey Hey Hey it's Fat Albert I luv that show Thanks
Attn speedy runners & shoe fanatics! The top 3 men & women finishers of the ASK 5k will win a $100 gift card to Saxon Shoes! www.askwalk.org
Highly recommend the spicy tomato chicken soup. Made for a cold rainy day.
Lmao looks like a rapist in his AVI
get the duck pizza...it's awesome.
Grades from came today. Sorry I won't need my ticket for the stress boat anymore!
She Bop is now carrying "Your Brain on Sex"! Just another reason to stop into this awesome local women-run business!
On my way to school -.
"I think he`s using the dice thing too much." -Jonah Hill "It`s really all he`s got." -Jay Baruchel
All my thoughts and prayers go out to the Anderson family for kyles recovery. I love you all.
Just Announced: Boyz II Men; The Polish Ambassador; Concha Buika; Raul Midon; Kid Ink; and Johnny Clegg. On-sale March 5th at Ticketmaster.
What about how they do things in Georgia?
my baby sister graduated high school tonight. crazy! so proud of her!!
I am going to the METRO Science Librarians SIG meeting later today
Nice. More corporate than the prototyping tool stencils. I wonder if Vision format can be converted...
#gmats, mountain biking in queens, driving Philly/NJ to start new jig with the Titans and reuniting with some friends, pretty awesome bday!
#FF Thanks for helping The Actors Fund help comedians in need! Tune in Sunday!
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
totally normal.....
Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!
About to facilitate my second live webinar on Conducting Compensation Study's at UIS sponsored by Rogers HR Consulting - 2 HRCI credits
it's a sorority thing.
I'm not sleep. Why?
Healing virtue flows from your sacred wounds again.
“ I just want to find someone who would actually love me back & treat me right.”
The nutrients found in milk, meat, and eggs vary based on what the animal ate and how it lived. Choose wisely.
My dad and step mom are so funny
What's goodie Ms.
Don't miss one of our headliners, Cloud Nothings coming up at 8:30 p.m. on the stage!
Wow! The Tix price went up from last year of only $15 for each day. Does the extra price mean we can medicate there?
Q: Will evangelicals seek to unite with the Tea Party? JG: There's already an overlap between the two.
Understandable given some of their recent success. I'll forgive them their loyalty but history supports me and the Big 10:-)
I miss it a lot!
I love mini vacations. Breakfast in Solvang then back to LA to start my new unemployed life!
missed you! hopefully next year you join us again!
African-American English
"Loose Angles they call me / Lost Angels are what we're supposed to be / Language Adversity our Street University/ ... Where is Los Angeles"
I have 3 & 3 rescues. 6 = full time poop scoop & trying to stay ahead of Oz snacking on it :o ya hear me, ?
Every fucking day
wow! Good job!
Did the news just say that Kincade was with his girlfriend when he died?
"GESUNDHEIT" doesn't literally mean "God bless you,” in German, but simply means "health."
"Focus" is a necessity for accomplishing any goal, Planning for the long haul in this Music Ministry"Business"
The world has always been full of disappointments; it's how we deal with them that makes us worthwhile.
My glasses are bugging me but for some reason one of my contacts is tinted purple so I'm giving it a break =/
dont hate on my swag
Beautiful new tile introductions at Ann Sacks at
Baby come back!
Phone lost all contacts when updating to iOS5. :( Text me with your name do I can build the library back up!
awe shucks. There's def some comp out there. Big ups to Niles and Heidi from the north. And don't cut yourself out of day loop
Leading our newscast with a sweet story and good news tonight. Ahem...
Welcome Greg..
I tried using FlexBond to line inside covers. Not recommended - it's too thick!
Is it true that there are over 500 Pre-Reg'ed for Summer Slam next week?
this is just an excuse for f#*#ING before two weeks
Bitch you ain't right, I'll cut you tf off!
Slowly getting back to a regular routine. Baby steps. Hope sxsw was wonderful! Any yoga out there??
nickelback is the most overrated band EVER
Mane tonight was that night
I been Lied To, I been Neglected!!!
In general, I'm saying. Sit and watch a council meeting. I think they deal w/too much minutiae given size of council vs. pop.
what are some of your favorite marketing books? guerilla?
that's romanesco cauliflower. Very similar to reg cauliflower.
Today's tweets are sponsored by Gretzler's Fish Skins. Gretzler's: All the skin, none of the fish!
Excellent book. It will make you want to refactor everything: your code, your closets, you name it. :)
X-ing my fingers! This is so important for the state of MD which was founded on the basis of religious freedom!
RT : "Most kids hate Nings - we have FB to do our social networking, why on earth would we use Nings?" - students
Congratulations! : I am happy to announce that I'll be joining the (fantastic) faculty at in the fall.
as the office is singularly obsessed with cake and coffee it always helps!
Thank you for visiting our #JMS481 class today!
SMAP is a japanese band. Stop spreading rumours :l.
“: The heat let chalmers shoot lakers let Blake shoot smh” << like wtf is going on
alredy ASAP rocky one of the next best things out...
I always wondered.. were you a bulls fan before meeting or after? lol or is that what brought u guys together? =)
FACEBOOK SPECIAL!! $20.00 BUCKS DELIVERS ANYTHING TILL THE 29TH (january 2011) Tell a friend!
Every Sunday night I pray that there can be more time before Monday, but it never works. What's your religion?
Hockey & sushi at the same time. Two of my favorite things.
open hardware.
Now that makes sense! It will be interesting to see how they manage w/each other
unreal man, as a fellow artist that is beauty
Sustainable and eco-sensitive businesses, like urban agriculture, will bring the city to the future today and help create hundreds of jobs.
ah I hope so<3 and sure(:
Just went paddle boarding. Yay California!
Plaid sweatpants. A double dose of cool.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 31:56 with Nike+ GPS.
Does Tweeting work? Just did!
Me too! Obsessed with stylish spectacles. Glad you liked the post!
RT : We're setting up another lounge to talk to folks which opens tonight.
Eat with Emily. Eat for free.
lol I didn't fall I threw myself
Support is magical from you, Thank You
Howard has the most beautiful canvas to work with!!!!!
thanks so much! I adore ur icon too! It's so flawless! An ur BG is amazing and cute! Oh my grande thanks so much!(c)
Someone should text me til I fall asleep
Just saw a tweet analogy go by in the feed about "cutting water with a sword"... makes me think of reputation repair work in social media.
i need good HEAD on the daily !
Just came home from a party
lol I aint know. I never seen her fight 4real
Cooking me some chilli chese fries tonight
I have a question...Why do the pandas form a circle when you enter a place?? Its really weird...
Happy Birthday!
Thank you. RT new diane kensington coming real soon
So glad to have my roomies when he going gets tough. Love you and
Woo! That ab workout is havin' me feel like Freddy Kruegerr is just stabbin' tf out my stomach!
Hey Jessie thanks for follow, I seem to meet a lot of people from Michigan
Lecturer says genetics community is ready to start using whole genome and whole exome sequencing in the clinic- already there
mann i love hot bath water
EVERYONE go follow like NOW!!!!!!!!1you wont regret it.. GO GO GO GO
when I go on my computer next, ill hook it up
"In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running; if you stand still, they will swallow you." William Knudsen Jr
Professors: if you don't want sick students around you, don't penalize their grades for being sick.
Staff called animal control to report a badger loose in the clubhouse. False alarm: Dustin Pedroia was wearing his mink stole.
yes! I'll always use them! Let me know where I can pickup, I'm down at cake this afternoon and tomorrow in mission hills.
#UKalltheway #AllCatsEverything What a beat down!
Agreed. I got goosebumps. Great tribute.
This is nuts! Calling security for the fans now! Throwin shit onthe ice.
Someone on ROHWorld said they heard from LAW that it was going to be on ROH's site. Why is it taking so long to announce?!
"Hello, Im Jealous In VA & you are? *clicking my heals wishing I culd b transported 2NYC 4 Toni Morrison reading @ B&N*
meeting with talking about with
Do you have any idea how hard it is to look for your glasses?
My Twitter is finally working!1
I hate the way James Shields throws from the stretch. It's so annoying to watch.
i'm SHOCKED that such a progressive county like UGANDA would do this. SHOCKED and DISMAYED. They still eat bugs right?
Great idea, but we can't reseal /reuse an opened box. Still trying to work around this one. Thanks for the tweet.
is a famous Latina chef! :) she is here today
New English vocab word =
hahaha Love it!
#FF Cheers to a great weekend
Heard you were in Tampa today. Wish I could have been there, heard it was great!
The weather is unfortunately delaying construction today (insert sad face)
I spent al night tossing and turning.
if you have the sniffles stay home.. i dont buy its just allergies shit.
You shoulda looked me up, Duane! Next time, I hope.
u make us happy ;)
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Mundane Tweet of the day: I am drinking Diet Cherry Coke
I love you in a heterosexual waaaayy
Never had so much fun reviewing post-conference tweets. Great conf, great people, great speakers. Thanks and
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. ~Steve Jobs: the reason apple is awezum
Continuing to keep the entire Vandeven family in my prayers. Reminds you to Live Jesus every day and to not take it for granted
no comment lol good night Kass have a great Tuesday
hahahaha thanks for taking my call
I stay on Garden Walk
so glad you think so too. It's crazy to me that it's 2012 and we're having these discussions.
thats what i wanna know, im just gonna wear a purple shirt
Taking action may seem risky, but doing nothing is a bigger risk! --John G. Miller (Question Behind the Question)
big brother fan......lovin it
North coast acme California ipa now on draft.
and yeah! he is very respectful :p but its because hes shy and not so used to everything !
thanks for the retweet -- i worked w ken in the 90s when i was at WWF & am a Farmers Union junior grown-up
I think it will be ok
Very close to start filming.
Todays a lazy day
I need a new song for the day
last morning session featured Julie Miller on post office records, a #genealogy resource I knew little about.
Come on chris bosh
good :) & I'm on the way there right now :)
next year ;)
RT : Seriously though I unfriended you and it's taking forever to get to 200
yeah, maybe I'll spice it up a little sometime this week.
If you wanna have a bad habit, fine. But pay your bills! Ugh!! That is all.
I am sore as I don't know what
Cleveland already has a similar feature on their main site / Mayor's Action Center
only with my camera.
Ima listen to some loudass music.
thanks! we just saw your page on a RT... recipes look awesome!!
my background deserves a gasp.
Clarity is essential to success. Are you crystal clear on the actions you need to take today to get you closer to your goals?
Congrats to my neighbor on her syndicated talk radio show. She may have been syndicated for a while but I just found out!
A science is any discipline in which the fool of this generation can go beyond the point reached by the genius of the last generation.
My kids don't even watch TV on a television set but catch their shows later online. I say definitely flatscreen.
that's how I feel when I do the Jillian Michaels videos
- What said, but Mississippi Records is king.
I made my genome public w/o asking siblings/parents/children. Risk of harm is so vanishingly small. This needs a blog post!
I mean its
WAY TO GO you TWEETER extraordinar!!
Does size matter?
You've got two more hours to get down to and sample some delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew!
u wathchin raw tonight?
Took us over an hour to put that 20 second piece together, not counting planning & preparation. Video takes time.
How come it's always Cat *Ladies*? Not many shows about Cat Men.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. – Vincent van Gogh
Just realized I liked Marketing & Business Development better than doing the legal stuff; found I was good at teaching it. :)
I'm not saying like it but don't just write it off.. It's a struggle my family has to live with
#FortLauderdale book a limo for tonight, get 20% off
Darren Collison doing a great job for Pacers off the bench...picking up where he left off vs Orlando.
Chase Hackett... One Round At A Time!
sounds like a future Red Bull commercial. Red Bull: It gives you wings so you can OWN Monday mornings!
Join the conversation with us tonight during the Diana Ross show! Tweet at with hash tag #PalaceLegends!
Link mentions mobile learning seen by L&D mgr as the way forward; most can't know if preferred yet- haven't tried it.
I don't think any of us realize the greatness we see watching him.
Thanks <3. Will look into it.
you guys seriously suck. A female jock wins the Kentucky Oaks for the first time ever and nothing about it?!
Must also learn big program for Koblenz, Germany (May 28) (different stuff entirely!) Keeps me going!
My advocacy teacher is so fucking annoying...
I actually heard that too! They need to install a teleporter next
Follow me, i will follow back.
Oh, yes. Ratty, Mole, and Badger. They would be top notch for a party!
"I have to get out of bed and shower, life is hard."
Rainy day. I just wanna watch movies & snuggle <U+E00E>
Seriously. REGULAR movie tickets in LA are $14 a piece. Add an extra $3 for 3D and an extra $4 for new releases!
Dr. Oz's Tip of the Day: Use spices to boost your metabolism. Add mustard or cayenne pepper to a meal to help you burn up to 50 calories.
Only God Can Judge Me, I Don't Need A Jury .
good night to u to :)
no sorry he did not like it he gave it to Rayj he loves Gucci in the blue bottle & True religion
"it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." ~General Douglas MacArthur
That sounds great!!!
I did the journal questions because i thought it was defff easier
$5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Hey did I say he was a good player u idiot? Try reading. Harbaugh is your hero?? why not kyle Williams?? Oo wait.. haha #
even when everything around me is falling apart, you keep a smile on my face.
That's cool, maybe we'll make it out you're way on tour sometime and we can play a show
Usually i smile during our conversations because im thinking about what ima make for lunch
I wanna slap the shit outta her!!
Lets get this day started, tacos! Spurs game last night made me sick :(
haha! I saw those guys too!
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? S Club 7 Lil Kim
He would have a brewers related name...
great problem. Looking forward to sleep tonight!
True Story. (Listen to "Nigga Please" for verification) RT Wayne took Gillie swag. Jay took Chris swag
I'm sorry, we don't.
Got it! Thanks so much. Just signed up. I'll send you an email in a few.
Of course. We not only provide people trailers and wardrobe, we let people keep them at the end of the shoot.
I probs would have passed out
,Thanks for your support for 50 Legs golf Tourny on Sun April 15
thanks! Not sure why they need it, but I wont complain.
use semen
Mark cuban will sell his soul for million dollars
Our youth is starting to change
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
HAHAHA oh, pedigo. i miss you and your crazy antics!
#Lakers win Ok I want #Spurs 2 face #Clippers cuz I wanna see #TonyParker & #ChrisPaul go toe to toe. West needs 2 be #Spurs if not
I just heard the worst pick-up line ever!! LOL "are those astronaut pants you're wearing, kuz ur lookn hot." I luv the attempt!
*barfs uncontrollably at Madonna being the Superbowl halftime show* WHY GOD WHY?
hey sis clean out your cob webbs and get back on twitter!!!!!
PUSSY runs the world and soon as u guys understand that the world will be a better place
Good job, Mr. President. Although I wish you'd been this decisive on single-payer health care as well. #4moreyears?
also cmng up Sun for game hvnt been up yet this yr but heard tailgtng times changed can u fill me in?
If you haven't heard it yet Listen to Ms. Frankie Rose's - Interstellar! One of the best albums i've heard in awhile :)
Most amazing last long run before next wkend!
The only subway ads that make me cringe more than "BAM, and then it hits you"? The "thank you, doctor Zizmor!" ones.
Need to go shopping ... /:
Hilton Head airport's motto: "Just because we're small doesn't mean we don't take our security processes seriously!" or something like that
Straight Up Hustler 02
LOVE AFTER WAR !!! - Zaona
Ah, once again, the Government steals another hour from us...when will we get it back this year? Time to move to Arizona...
such a great night! Next time..
I've decided on bike rides for now. the old knees can't always take the running. but yeah. i should get back "on track" (get it?)
wow, that shit's crazy
Get any projects done over this weekend? Maybe some cleaning? Spending great time with family and/or friends?
Sometimes I miss certain people who use to be a part of my life.
Many happy returns of the day! (A mimosa is a good way to start!)
RT : Happy Birthday to a near and dear friend I'm so grateful for friends like her in my life!
your twitter has been hacked. BTW, people are always saying horrible things about me.
"do what thou wilt" Paul said "everything is permissable, but not beneficial or good for you"
Kick off the long weekend with one of our $3 craft beers and our NEW summer menu! (I highly recommend the Southwestern Chicken Salad)
If John is there, tell him I said "yo."
what is YouTube? #jk :-P
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THOSE BORN ON THIS DAY! For someones birthday only being celebrated every 4 years, it's the best we can do...
Gonna live-tweet tomorrow's Super Bowl game! So pumped for all the antics!
forbidden to follow you :c but it was great hanging out with you tonight! Cam, Zach, and Brent are bisexuals! Remember that!
that sounds lovely! We're so happy to hear that you are enjoying your time.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/10/2012 and was under her calorie goal
How's it going? welcome to twitter
Do people know who he is? More than The Daily Show guys?
Now will have to really hide ;) 2 compliments will be too much!!!
tell me more. is there a link?
At least it's a healthy addiction. ;)
if this facebook IPO pops tomorrow more than 10%, i'm going to kick myself for not buying these 100 shares :-/
Enjoying the sun, but not the cold
Can't publish it till tomorrow hopefully. We also still have to do your about page.
We are starting to plan our tour, we need you guys to give us locations you want us to come! Tweet us or Facebook us!
no kings island for me today...tired of this shit
Happy New Year to you too!
That's why I started painting baseballs, to hold this perfect little replica in your hand
Thanks for the follow! I'm following you too. :) Have a great night
Sauli took his sunglasses off and we got to see his beautiful eyes
i def will! hows the other nicole been? do you guys still talk!
Energized my batteries on Monster & Rudy's breakfast tacos to start day 3 of #SXSW film Fest. Movie #8 will be "Eden" at the State Theater.
Congrats to on the Expo Line opening today. Plenty of folks said rail transit in LA wouldn't work, but here we are!
Ontuitive - formerly LearningGuide - is following #performancesupport so follow us!
Going hard I see. lOl!
Exactly what I was going for.
The Regular Show >>
She shoots, she SCORES! RT : Picking up a pair of sweet Bucks Tickets today for the raffle!
Supercool ! Happy belated Mother's Day !
i know - im excited and scared for 's opening :) are you gonna go soon or wait it out?
Paul Cezanne-A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
still waiting for u to come and get me so we can go antique shopping LOL!!!
The previous tweet
Having a bit of a panic attack right now. Not sure how to deal with this.
Impress the pants off me, u know.
#FavoriteNBAMoments when realized he didn't have a fourth quarter to lead the #Cavs to victory.
Palin was wrong! Newt is not the front-runner! Romney is by a 5 delegate count! Palin should do her homework!
we're tweeting. I always wanted to find my long lost twin! :-)
Oh Loe, I know you didn't like that we traded for K-Rod, but come on....
On the can, then of to eat with Geoff then some bowling what?
hope all is well sweetie :)
aw ok, it all makes sense now...
yes mommy xD
infinitum est aeternum
it's going ok im chillin at work now tired as hell....u about to move out the dorms...when we going to kick it
Talk that talk too me yeah ! ;p
I hear they rehired Coach K
thanks much! have you heard of Nextdoor before? I love AI
passing the blunts around with , watching some movies
Stuck in flight delay loop. 4:30 flight now 6:15... Something about a mechanic and broken solenoid on the thingamajig-crossScript-actuator.
Smoke Session with the SBro ~_~
there so much promise and optimism 2 years ago..wth happened. ?
Am I really about to watch the season finale of SMASH? Yes, yes, indeed I am.
Happy birthday Kenny
I want to play<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I appreciate the valiant effort my battery powered toothbrush makes as it's dying.
finds the best stuff.
wheatgrass shot in boca tastes really sweet in comparison 2 nyc... what is that about? more sun?
My Mom and I got to choose what we do this afternoon before the party and we chose the Market downtown! Our fav :)
Like REALLY light golden brown maybe. :D. and DO IT.
I'm running out of fingers though! RT : it sure does! PLUS, I live for the nail biters! :)
I'm not supposed to like The Avengers. I'm totally gay.
o that's wassup missed me I know lol Jk
You're your problem, but you're also your solution.
Fck all you cheap ass black people that go out to eat at restaurants and tip only $5 or less than 18% on any amount over $30. Bastards.
you know what happen with Lila and Ziggy accounts?
it sure should
i cant see it my internet isnt working but im so nervous you make this sound so scary!
Gotta love that radical Yahshua!
That song hot problems just get stuck in your head. Hot girls we have problems to we're just like you except we're hot.
Painting to santana only way to be productive
don't do it. Fare hike on July 1.
ever get into punkska? Check out from Eugene and Goddam dig it.
I feel special though
Looks like it's gonna be Romney . . or, to put it another way, "And then there were None."
Good luck! We are going to give away furniture once a month or 1nce every 2 weeks. We have quite a few people signed up for this!
Definitely going back on a diet, idc anymore .. I'm too stressed so I eat like crazy o_O
you guys are obsessed with bdubs. Losers. You don't even eat the food! I do.
Good morning everyone I have not been on for a long time WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW ?!?!?!?!?
Good question
": Upon A Burning Body :>" ohh look who likes them now c;
Following the workshop happenings--barely started and already exciting convo. Everyone say hi to !
Good morning! "Talent is never enough"! From a New Balance T-shirt at the gym! Have a successful day!
Lol, that's really awkward!!!!
Kohls shopping without my bestie just isn't the same!
“: Aiight Marquette, I see y'all supporting in the MU News! :)” look for us in the Tribune on Thursday!
[Repost] THEATRE HISTORY: April 26, 1970: Which Stephen Sondheim musical premiered at the Alvin Theatre, New York? (Hope to get replies.)
better hurry!
on that AZONTO tip
Doin a song for Balcony TV today. Gonna be a fun time!
Six of Air Force's 12 games are listed on this TV schedule, but the announcement promises an announcement of more telecasts.
This Rangers vs Capitals game is insane
Shakespeare's Schoolroom: Rhetoric, Discipline, Emotion by Lynn E. Enterline F'03 now available from
The WFA would like to congratulate L'Arc~en~Ciel for their 20th anniversary world tour! Welcome to NYC!!! Live at the MSG!
& get a haircut.
What Funnygal Is Making Us Laugh (Just a Little) At Her Leggies? In the fashion world, much hay is made about the so-called "pop of color
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked. #getonmynerves. Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
Lol no credit walk man
Warped tour '11 was amazing! Got to go backstage with the best fucking band ever THANKS A MILLION for doing that!
if you like than you should of put a ring on it!(:
#thanks for your #logo #design for us, Lia. We're glad to be working on Mark Beyer's #book cover for WHAT BEAUTY
Thanks for the RT
hey buddy
"I feel like if your name is Giselle, you better be beautiful"
Anteaters trying to make babies....
Men's Clothier Sets Its Sights On Sales Of Wedding Attire
awww thanks sparky!! U are too kind:) nice to meet ya Kristine:)
I would like to talk with you about offering my #acting and #modeling #blog for Girl's Life. The info will be loved
also, i know this sounds really shocking but her reality tv engagement didn't even last 2 years. hope the tradeoff was worth it
+ + me = epic craziness
I'm listening to it right now RT“: Whose listening to right now?!?!”
Loved pretending to be a cashier tonight with
Im wide awake o.o
I just want to sleep. I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
-- He'd have been as close to being off-camera as they could get away with!
I'm sorry I couldn't get to meet you tonight at #techinmotionphilly! We'd love to see you at the next one in June!
On my way to Who's there?
" Just got a tattoo of a goat" nbd.
np I'm a little early
Shout-out to Healthy Melrose and The Autism Project for putting together such awesome and important events.
I finally did it. Glad I did.
Follow me on Instagram:
yw! Keep up the good work.
I hope that LSU's game last night is one that helps the team get stronger and realize where to improve. Jefferson looks good. Geaux Tigers!
Am I the only one who had no idea that "highfalutin" is one word, not two? Crazy English language!
This dude is a character Lmao
Ben and jerry with cur girl
#Nw #BGC8 reunion When does the ratchetness begin? Oh yea twins aren't out yet. Lol
relatively quite trade deadline deals
had a great evening with good drinks and an enjoyable atmosphere!
Still not out of this car ... Never the fuck again ugh
As they should be. LeBron is gotta be sick of hearing all the shit they dish out on him. He's good
Must-sees for SXSW? Thoughts?
I have to wake up at 430am. bleh :/
#nationalbestfriendday & :D... To bad Brittany doesn't have a twitter
Did a project with in 1 week. #Bam!
Happy to say that everyone on my team is of the latter kind :)
Listening to music that fits my mood >>
Alarms on Tide due to thefts? Next we'll have to show an ID to buy laundry detergent, that's just downright crazy.
Come on SEC football is always exciting #not : Me to RT: “: i'm bored.””
The Lord will watch over your coming and going both now and forever more. -Psalm 121:8
I spent too long today reading government documents about cervical cancer basically
I am so ready for something new!
could definitely be in Tucker's car <U+261D>
On my level before prom >>>>>>>
your show is my inspiration that the American dream is not dead. I have worked too hard at my dream to have a bank fail me.
Get well soon!
thought you folks might be able to help. Thanks! will check in tomorrow.
#Liverpool v.
first sandhill cranes flew overhead yesterday - winter *is* coming, apparently
you took about 4 years to reply, SAAN !
I'll make sure that when I go to the concert that I bring Lou a treat to bring you back! (:
"Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you"
I'm suspecting more and more that only musicians use, or even know what reverbnation is...
The #AugustWilson #MonologueCompetition in Pittsburgh is FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC! Save the Date April 2nd!
enjoy the show!
We do but don't care, winning allows obliviousness RT : I wonder if people from Wisconsin realize how obnoxious they are
Weekly chance to win FREE pizza! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. (Normal messaging rates apply.)
It was the Sunday afternoons he couldn't cope with, & that terrible listlessness which starts to set in at about 2:55... D Adams. (1/2)
Haha. Thanks for reminding me to fold. Spaced for a while. I need a maid.
This shirt I have on is too big smh lol. I remember when it fit perfectly.
what you order??
John has officially confirmed that Jelaney Exists so
yes, but does it come in hologram form? cc:
Chris Brown seems to be quite the class act. A real quality guy.
Great news-www.datingchicagoland.com is now officially LIVE! We are offering free membership for the first 500 members...So go there now! :)
doing good. just coming off vacation.
looking great for the morning! A chance for thunderstorms this afternoon, but a ton of golf to see before!
RT : I'm just saying lmaooo I'm not even gone be live right now I'd say the WRONG shit lmaoo >>> true! I feel ya
Edleys bbq is the place to be!!
that was a successful party. Now it's time for Dave and I to get our redemption.
You got that body
Another day in houston! I need to go out of town again!
thinking of seeing your face tomorrow is makeing me feel sick legit
Giving away WWE Raw tickets on The Zone @ 94.1 at 4:07 tune in now to grab them.
RT : "Leaders aren't born they're made. They're made just like anything else - through hard work"
I'm glad pistachios aren't pink anymore.
ok babe
did you know about the data design diabetes innovation challenge?
Dear North Carolina, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!!!
yea I am
Thinking I might pull a last night and turn in early...
charles bradley at the rex. why ain't all yinz here?
"If you desire a bright tomorrow, you must build a brighter dream. Dare to let your dreams reach beyond you."
people who move slowly really piss me off
QoTD: "Without continuous personal development, you are now all that you will ever become, and hell starts when the person you are meet ...
#PizzaHuts bread sticks <<<<<< they hella dont look like the ones in the commercial
Come to think of it, don't I ask that question at least once a week?
Dear retailers, make more money: put sticky tape next to gift paper. Make an extra buck or two that way.
Coming soon A NEGRO LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN: All American Girls. OCT 5th - 7PM - Off-Broadway Actors Temple Theatre
About to meet with Meteor to discuss social media sharing and tracking
Here's to the kids who try so hard at something and forget what's important in life.
Two thirds of the world's lawyers live in the United States
If you worship Jesus the way He wants you to, you will obey Him the way you ought to.
RT : Come back for our next #pregnancychat with special guest on May 17 at 1pm EDT.
How have I lived before
is this my cousin?
Life is unfair....
what? you don't like a shadow effect??
#FF and director and writer Charles Thomas ()
Yeah, chiptune, dance, rock stuff - should be interesting - I'll be there.
Remember, if you have a good idea for a place for good food or music, let me know so I can go check it out.
It's cool guys, Ryan Braun just has a case of the herps.
Hello just had a surprise visit from my cousin aunt and uncle
let's all get face tattoos!!!!!
May have tripped and spilled groceries all over the sidewalk. ..its fine
I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are from families who are less fortunate and we're cooking them meals on X-mas
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
You are so right. We are all awesome! That means you too!
Oh, it was!
Excited to see today!
Text from Sec'y Clinton: "GET READY! Mama's on her way home!"
haha it's true :P lol
then why u go
big birthday s/o to my girlfriend, best friend n all dat stuff!! Lol safe travels boo boo!!
thanks, I'm glad you liked it :)
I TOOK A SHIT AT 11:59 REPRESENTING THAT THE CRAP I TOOK FROM 2011 IS BEING FLUSHED
And we look forward to having you!
Topic was called Moral case for Capitalism but learned more about presentation. Was pretty good - Thanks Arthur
#seenoncampustoday a guy riding a skateboard wearing a Pepto Bismol pink suit! I wish I had the foresight to take a picture!
thinking about you guys - stay safe!
Getting a no-hitter game with 6 walks is like bowling a 200-game with the bumpers up.
. Uh, thanks. Just going back in my office now.
Happy Birthday Mr. Ratner. Best
Nice! For all those who need a #developer ASAP... RT : ...Cody's officially in the house.
happy day of birth sis
I love your icon(:
goin to the brewer game again tonight. hopefully with more positive results.
Lol yeah skype's conncetion an be really sucky sometimes, and I LOVE Family Guy and Icecream xD I'm just...
The current state of the US government is disgusting & it's sad that majority of America is too blind or stupid to realize it.
Avengers at 4. YES!
Found down jacket....cold! 22f Hopefully this will warm me up. Wish I could find down blanket. I'd buy 2, and make 1 a sheet.
Nat'l Pig Day calls for Roasted Pork Belly! Ours is served w/ Cheddar-Mash, Spiced Peanuts, Apple/Fennel Salad, & Apple Cider-Brandy Sauce.
Thank you!
Listning to nickleback in history :) what are you up to ????
Headed to the bottom of 6th. #Brewers down 7-2. Braun, Ramirez and Hart due up next.
The pure cure ... www.curemypc.com
Yeah. Just removed broken part of tooth and bored out nerve today. Root canal in a month. *throb, throb, throb* Fun times.
Happy Birthday! And Go Bears!
proximity is best - I wander the room. It also helps to reduce the apps that can cause distraction.
Well, really, lots of people. He'd be out of the race already if not!
yo pussy look so delicious
Cant wait for & #TuffGongWorldwide to touchdown in #L.A. 7/15/12
New Monday, another day of Rehab , one day closer to my goal ! To create more Art! I love
Can we get a shout from Simon? ;) RT : First on-air Twitter shout-out of the night! Who else do you guys want to hear from?
We could just make out. You'd probably forget about how sad you are because I'm an awesome kisser. Need references? :)
Havnt been to sleep yet and leaving for #catlanta in less than 2 hours. 1st stop-->5hr energys!!
RT , IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD 3:)
thanks for the great info, looking forward to working with you!
Weeks HBP for second time tonight. That one looked quite painful. Right on the hand.
hoping it's gonna last a handful of games!
cheerio! RT greetings to my new tweeps , , , & !
Feelin good. Started putting weight and semi-walking on my foot this week. Thanks for checking in! How are you?!
I'll be writing about a Luxembourg Auxerrois soon...I'm also not familiar with NL wines and am curious
You know, you should join Facebook too. I hear they're getting traction.
I was n the grocery store & they really changing the dates on ppl foodstamps, some gona get there's on the 21st of each mth, crazy
RT : #it'stimeoutfor Black people using the word "nigger" as if it's a normal greeting for some one. < AMEN!
Me too!! RT : In our next life, we want Sofia Vergara's body and Elle Macpherson's hair.
Picking up a bottle of that Jose Cuervo Tropina
Don't forget that EVERY tweet during this chat should include the #SommChat hashtag in order for everyone to see it!
Make sure to check out these exhibitors at ISE Denver!
thought u were going with me?! Fail!
tired sleep need
Judging by all the references to sweet tea in country songs, diabetes must run rampant in Nashville.
Love the tweet!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 13
Too bad you're on vaca? Bahaha. Enjoy that - plenty of city left for you next week!
maybe I'll watch it, but I gotta check with my buddy first. He's an expert in pawn shop reality shows. (muttley laugh)
If you don't have a killer instinct, then you're NOT the best player. It's hard for people to accept, but it's true.
Naples, FL-Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
More important to one's success than a to-do list is their stop-doing list. I need to watch less TV when I'm tired.
what's your favorite part about skyping with fans?
I pray your mother gets better...:)
My hair looks amazing
Midnight ticket sales ($19.7M) may throw off our estimates. Neither JohnCarter or Lorax had big Thurs night screenings
My family is starting to get annoyed of me because all I'm "obsessed" with the Boyz. Hey, at least I'm not out selling dope.
Malik, I haven't had my cycle in forever. I'm having your kid. His name will be Trévon. #YaDigg? :)
Synchronicity coordinates everything in creation- and if you are open to it- it can coordinate the creation of your vision.
We scream " america " after every Honcho moment manifests. Give a reason why you would yell " America "
:) The Chunky Salad was okay, but my mom's Salmon Salad rocked
My wife and I prefer riding the bus or subway together simply because we get an automatic partner + can watch out for each other. Not today.
If I could take a big shit for every dick thing you said, they'd have to bring in a bulldozer to take that shit away.
You have 24 hours left to live. What flavored vodka would you want to have before you kick the bucket?
heritage days tomorrow? #MAYBE. (:
i cant wait! Its gonna be a rockin good time for sure!
A belated thank you sir! “: : "i dipped it." laughed so hard, pooped pants #onlyaslightexaggeration”
are you part mexican?
please please please sign with Anaheim
"<U+FFFD>The common reputation of Twitter is that it<U+FFFD>s frivolous, which isn<U+FFFD>t the case"
hahahah you guys are insane. i still have no idea what over half of that conversation is even about.
So much to do...
We NEED 3B, and pitching prospects more than anything.
I'm about to!
Was just accepted to go to this year! Will I see you there?!
Only 3 weeks left! Have you registered for the Institute? www.southeastinstitute.org
#TimeCheckSongs No Time Left for Food
I need to get use to working third shift. I fell asleep twice tonight. Not good.
agree that starting small is the way. Think it should be facebook.
omgeeee!! I'm writing three articles in the same hour?! I can't believe it's actually working out :D
What is something that I totally forgot about? The app....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM ME AND BEST BUY. <3 ;)
I said hi and I waived
meh I like bobby just cant stand hogan & eric bitchoff lol
no, the first one over Roy Hibbert was awesome!
“: Don't worry buddy, just checked the radar. Rain looks to be out within the hour!” -- thank the Lord!
Happy Valentine's Day from RUT Hockey and make sure to send
BREAKING: Manning just picked his nose and wiped it on Elway's pants.
Armchair quarterback. RT : What position do you play Greg?
Nassau County Police are searching for a man who allegedly abducted a woman from a bus stop near the Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point.
why dosn't the whale have a glittery glove? the birds should be waiting in bed for him.
It's the Dennis Eckersley look!
you guys sounded KILLER! tonight
Book descriptions that consist of nothing but a question anger me.
Just don't quack up!
i love you
exactly! That's EXACTLY how I feel! Like yeah fanny packs really good and all but the other crews are just better. And -
the opportunity to AUDITION for THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST is about to go WORLDWIDE www.pdonmega.com
Now I know why so cheap!
I'm fine with that. I still have my $150 upgrade available. Still off contract. Helped a friend out. Phone in perfect condition
Anyone want to go to thailand?
xP thanks. I have to wait till we get settled in the house though.
don't be nervous, you're in good hands ;) cc
sweaty balls...
Follow Me Please! :D
was this with the 70-200L?
How much did that cost you? What did it taste like? Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
I put milestone 5 on my first gen galaxy S a couple days ago and it is TOTALLY SWEET. thanks for the awesome work!
Luv U , can u please follow me, & want to show my supporty 4 u girl. Know that u have two little angels that truly luv u.
May is going to mark the start of a personal fitness revolution.
ALL LA TAN 123 W. MADISON CUSTOMERS--TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY ONLY!! 30 min massage--$28 (regularly $45) Schedule your appointment today!
looking forward to it! Hope we can connect before/after. It's been a minute.
Listening to the Adobe team share their social media best practices. Fascinating! Time for some case studies
UNTIL IT RESURRECTS! INSTALLMENT THREE!!
Next years home/away team is still TBD. The stadium is just how it was determined this year.
lol that is awesome.
that day has long since come and gone.
This school year is never going to end
my fav too
Please visit us on the web @ www.rx2you.com We are a Prescription Assistance Program. We look forward to connecting with you
idk, he usually goes to the library on Friday, but i guess he asked, but he left early anyways! So yeah...
I need aomwthin to watch on tv
Omg Tbffl. Im right here, and ive missed you! ):
If I ever get the chance to meet Austin, I would tell him how much he means to me and how much he's changed my life.
Thanks for the RT tonight. Great chat
Don't know offhand but maybe your local federal depositary library has 1978 vsn of the Foreign Affairs Manual (on microfiche!)
Every time I walk for miles the city kindly shrinks.
HOW IS THE SOUND QUALITY LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE
I have the IPAD and not sure how I got along without it.
Samsung work in NC with the awesome ppl at Ignite Media ...and yes, Parkchester rocks socks
I would be proud of how many Marquette students are in the library right now..but all of the computer screens are on Facebook or ESPN.
I'm definitely getting sick. No!
"Beat the Devils! #AZisWildcatCountry "
I forgot about that post. Also didn't get a notice about your contribution. Wish I had though... thanks
absolutely beautiful here. I love Nashville!
I'm tired of this arguing.
So true! Poor Chandler. :)
Happy to hear you enjoyed your experience with us recently! If you have a moment, share your experience with us on TripAdvisor.
Saw you on Good luck tonight!
It is good; sure a little disappointment there it wasn't 3 for 3 on CBS RT Glad to see these CIC games get picked up by networks
So, so close Cally
It's one of the things that make VU (and the Rivals site) unique. I'm sure you'll hear from reporters now that you're home.
Listen, the next revolution is going to be a revolution of ideas. - Bill Hicks
MKG goes to the rim hard and I love it.
soo I randomly read your info on here and wtf is V Pillars like what does the V stand for vagina?
RT : tweets about Peyton before SportsCenter does. Is he the new #1 source for sports news?
In auditorium eagerly awaiting a presentation from the Post Typography folks.
The ONLY reason I'll b watching tonight's predictable awards show is because of A true showman and creative genious!
I'm already tired of these nailss, I don't know how girls can put up with them
can you follow i can't respond back to you.
can't wait to hear about your presentationKC! I know you dropped knowledge!
yay! Your here bff luv us girl
omg put the @ first.
2day we celebrate the barer of the gate between worlds, the nurturer of civilization, the cryptanite ofmen. Happy Mothers Day Ladies!
prove to me that you're not like the rest.
Beware of checkpoints.Don't respond to an office asking you what you had to drink. Do not GIVE evidence.
One great thing about being an student is access to the #AmericanSong database & adding Booker T. & the MGs to my education.
it was really sweet and awesome! i think the dance was a heavily modified shag. during blue mtn thistle.
Top Gear has nothing on
Cry me a river..
u aren't the only person I thought I was the only one having that problem is yours even letting the page pull up or no?
This feeling I'm getting, ready to pour my heart and soul into this audition Tuesday, so people can finally see.. The real me.
i miss that was my baby!!!!
You a stupid hoe! You a , you a stupid hoe!
The freshman from Iowa...he killed Uw today
So true!!
I was right. Beer consumed yesterday = 40+ min 5 miler. Shit.....It was worth it!
Football Factory > Green Street Hooligans. Hands down.
There is nary a cloud in the sky :)
Go Titans . Woo-hoo . Fun nighT . Now to go home and watch reruns of .(:
on my laptop and watching old viva la bam shows
do u just sit n ur room all day&tweet?How's da weather there?Gooutside hve sum fun go wtch ballgme wit sum friends or somethin!
Don't "conform" to the world... Half of the world is in darkness anyway
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!51
"They say I'll be OK, but I'm not going to ever get over you."
hope you're having a good night dear! <3 (:
Thanks for your perspective today. Loved your post about setting personal goals for achievable results.
youre incredible too!! *cyber hug* I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and can't imagine my life without you
Off to the gym
Who invited the Druid?
Last performance on #xfactor was not poppin!
it's for both lol :)
Literal Lewis says this tweet was made on Friday...
Definitely think cultural has shifted away from pseudonyms (in this country).
wish the nursery was open, I prefer 8a. But my little one is at an age where 1 hour is it so 6p or 11a it is for now.
yes, that's good :)
Running campaigns are about raising money. How you raise money is not the root of evil. DC politicians are not Obama.
Grr. They got me too! I'm on the horn with the death star now.
nevermind...found the story. Holy shit
I really shouldn't listen to Phantom of the Opera while working. I get the overwhelming urge to cry at the finale every time!
Last G+ Hangout Class of the year! In other news, I spent about 2 hours in video chat today. Just call me Zenon, Girl of the 21st century
Shout out to our new follower of KIRO 7! Thanks for the support! #HatsForHope www.sperantsa.com
sure :D
Yes! It's working! My novel is finally working! It's alive, do you hear me? ALIVE.
Family is a place where you can find love!
Lolololol it's okay, I trust her!
welcome aw- sucks day. This day needs to be observed every year.
xox for the
I swear I would love to come home from and have someone rub my feet...
Very true. Great advice.
Yep! Personally, I'll miss y'all, but I know you have bigger and better things to do. =) But f'real: you killed it today.
does anyone promote their business through Google #Adwords? If so does it work for you? Give me a shout!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
(still going to the bodega armed with the 98-99 man u roster and shirt number assignments)
Im not gonna preach to anybody tonight..people can do what they want
DPT? diptheria? Yikes!~I don't know what he still needs for vac.s
STOP TWEETING ME or ill call the twat police!
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today! 105 degrees
not everyone makes that argument. the article comes off incredibly condescending.
I'm guessing you? Lol, luuuckkkkyyyy!
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +2 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82% SHORT
: RT : u ain't notarize the letter though <--- that wat I forgot yes slow bus<--- lol
. and I will take our Blazers GM speculation to the radio airwaves today at 2pm PT on
If you post half naked pictures on facebook & or twitter. kill yourself
well, i can't send his name out into the twitterverse, that wouldn't be very nice! He was very nice - hoping to see him again
way to go! I'm a runner too and it's always good to find buckeye runners on here!
Never satisfied with a nice calm evening...
True story: Today's workout has been canceled because my running partner is teaching robots to play the drums.
Heading to #vbos today. Hopefully we won't have to wait forever to get in like last year!
"I know there’s other places that you could go , But I just really love it if you made it home to me "
too advanced for u..
Need tracks and videos for your artist? New packages available for the low! Get your artist seen with incredible turn around on vid edits!
A family just mashed up the tribal chant in Lion King with We Are the Champions, acapella style, on the metro.
I'm working sister! #Grassroots!
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
Gladly! RT : Happy #AlbarinoDay! How about something a little different to celebrate: Albarino perhaps?
thanks for the RT!
There are often opportunities for beta game testing that are unpaid
In Lockhart this weekend? Grand Opening at our newest location in the Chisholm Trail Vet Clinic. Sat 6/18 10-2pm. Food, Drinks, and...
We have a whole new redesigned website (thank you Szeto). Check it out. If you need a web designer, email him @
A Great Natural Hair Vision for 2012----->Chop it. Nurture it. Style it. Love it! <3
Napkin of lap, place on chair, leave, resume part in conversation for restaurant break #DID2012 etiquette training
I was born to
You're talking about classics? What does that have to do with indy vs big6 pubs? Big6 re-publishes more classics than indys.
“: you need to get south east Michigan like Adrian and Detroit in there to maybe toledo Ohio :)” Sounds fun!=)
each NBA player is his OWN business but its the Olympics and its for USA and they have the right to NOT play stay home shut up
NOLO #Now Only Live Once.
I'm glad you liked the #Social27 UI developed for the #DellWorld Live Online. Seeing more demand for similair UI
RT : Thanks to the amazing teams of and 4 making #GRAMMYnoms a success!!
Nothing like dating a Cult-leader type of boyfriend at the time-made me HATE Music after breaking up. Soured me on so much. Wasted 7long yrs
YES. Cee Lo and his puppets rock my world. Its like Fraggle Rock up in this b*tch and I LOVE it! Add in some Gwneyth? F'in Amazing
Just got home from a PTA meeting and saw the results of the NC vote. Sad that discrimination won tonight. Love to all affected.
“ "somebody gon come and snatch my good ol' ass up" - <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>”
Tune in for #HPLive coverage of the #Illinois primary at 7:45 pm! We'll have the traditional Natty Light, plus fancy Illinois beer.
Good Luck to all students doing their capstones this weekend
If conference/seminar is a local association (not State or Regional) activity of a HR professional chapter (e.g. SHRM, IHRIM) = FREE LISTING
#dumptruck you had was the shit had velour seats
i watch ur videos, i see your picture, i see your tweets, i see your posts and all i do is cry.. i miss our friendship greyson..
I Vote for #8 - Amy Lynn to win the
well u need da right guy
Zombie Strippers!!!
wow letter u meen
#AskConstancio can you follow me?(:
And of course continue to spoil my baby girl she gne be spoiled rotten just like her momma but she won't be selfish like her dad
Tell EVERYONE you know to listen to Pastor/Messianic Rabbi & Author of the National Best Seller, The Harbinger, WORLDWIDE Today 11am-12noon
RG3 > Honey Badger
i don't lift weights, i just rep my city
“: #ASTDSCWC Learn Inspired, Live Inspired--It's Here!” so excited!
Nothing planned this weekend? Catch #CaryHoffman performing live at #Sofias!
Watching Never Back Down 2 for the first time in the van! So cool to hear our song in the film!
3 Girl Scout Caramel deLites + Steep & Brew Breakfast Blend = Breakfast between #liveatdaybreak shows
same excuse, different day
Thx very much!
i wished greyson would get on....i miss him :(
Meh... boo him. You probably weren't booing him yesterday, but whatever
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is chicken nuggets
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.” -
HAHA! poor leo is used to the rejection id say. i look forward to binning chris ashton for "being an arsehole."
RT : If we are not following you @ us and we will follow back.
I wish I was in Brooklyn right now ringing in my aunty debbie birthday!!!
Fadi's and friends is the perfect combo!
sorry! my fone died! but do u wana come over? and then mabet later we can go surfing?!?!?!?? <3 :)
Really? Mr. Let-bosses-deny-their-employees-ANY-kind-of-treatment? Really?
That's cool... except that it'll likely be the Rangers/Kings: 2 giant markets that Bettman will horribly market for fans.
thanks for the follow! followed ya back.
OMG its so awesome.
Yes! Full episode of Upper West Side branch. Well worth listening. Ended well, oddly.
I was in Virginia on assignment, suh.
Are Lakers fans finally realizing your team has no chance to win? ;) you should start haha
I bet it was u who told brett I left Supperclub & went to Playhouse! Gettin me in trouble!
just finished sewing the glitter shorts we made Aaron Axelsen with a secret pocket of "rock-n-roll bribbery"
LOO!!! Hey there my friend. How ya been?
I noticed more graduate students than ever. That's a good sign, I think.
- Great to see you too!
I wish things were back to the way it used to be.
Have u ever seen the video 2 girls one cup??? So nasty imagine if 2 dudes do that....
Hey gorgeous! Taking a little study break? I'm going to miss you when you go back to NY :(
Was not expecting this to turn out like it did, wow. This is upsetting..
new year, new money, new friends
Church time...omg i am 2 tired 4 this bt blessed im here
where do you stay?
We aren't Rhee. Who are you?
Win a $25 Chili's GC & a $25 Fandango GC. Follow & RT this & Like us on Facebook for a chance to win! Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8
i know he acts his ass off but other then that i guess the rest is to be seen :p
Hi, it's your old friend & author of BY THE BALLS, Jim Pascoe! I sent you a message on facebook. Would love to chat.
I use that kind of negativity to fuel my drive.
it was confusing until halfway through, but worth it. It's a bit like reading a fractal.
Where are u
you and tie so two VIP each!!! Congrats!!!! Plus tshirts for all of you
Its quite funny how your implying I'm the self fish one right now.
S/O to my boy back on the town!
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out. call us at 718-378-2610
Not only did some bitch fuck up my sales wit a return, the bag she gave me had her dirty ass underwear in it. Im gettin drunk.
IIght yall BE on the look out for the return of DEM SWAGGA BOYZ this time sexier then ever.
Happy holiday to all on twitter world:)
Sparkes and freeway can dance to the beach boys at their wedding!
#Bbn getting on plane to head to new Orleans
Hi Lauren, how goes the recovery?
You can now text us all ur hair extension needs! Visit our website for more details!!
hello and okay (:
In my elem library, I deeply weeded ref. a couple of yrs ago & no one has missed it!
awe, come on. That place isn't that bad anymore, I promise! Haha
I'm fucking done!? I'm just gonna be homeless or just live in my ride either way I can manage...
we should probably send Obama out there to investigate
i can run really fast as well
best vocal of the season for you! Just beautiful! You and were top 2 tonight for sure!
i just left mine ! the roller tables are the shit <3
Thank YOU Big Bruh..from DOCTA FUNKKNU..I needed those kind words you shared
haha :') are you staying on ?
I'm not serious! In just being polite!
can you dm your contact info please? Thanks
I love my Sat. Morning Breakfast Group! Everyone should have a group of friends/peers to meet with regularly. It helps at any career level.
Dont Take The Things You Have For Granted. Be Happy With What You Have.
I am. What exactly do you need? I'd be glad to help with whatever I can. If anything, shoot me a message if you like.
#nercomp12 connectyard adopted by univ texas panamerican.wanted to integrate social media aspects of student lives
Is the President going to use political capital to allow DC to spend its own local tax dollars w/o Cong. appropriations?
#explore Sioure Streaming media servers. Setup your online #television or #radio station
At the dentist getting a cleaning and an eztraction! pray its not a tramatic event.
I see your point, but that part didn't sink in for me, the creative shots did.
is hungry now. very
add AC on MySpace ( www.myspace.com/aaa_classic ) and on Facebook!!
Let's catch a fucking break here.
i want a Romeo in my life.
you ain't lyin. Kobe's fg% is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
girl you better follow me...lls and call me asap
class 2014 bringing back the real PG MARSHALL ACADEMY NY
Director Thomas Jones of Macon: talk to your staff members, from the bottom up, as a new director
no! That only happened last time with you there because I was wasted.
hope the tour is going great. I'm sure it is. Can't wait to see you guys in San Francisco, oh yeah, and in Portland.
I'll be your crying shoulder, I'll be love's suicide I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life.<3
Rod Paulette RT : What was the gents name who went on before Veira last night? Funny dude.
Yeah, I know I'm ugly, no one has to tell me it twice!
I do too! Got it from Ms Framers!
": Steve Fromeyer named HS Football Official of the Year by The Northern Kentucky Officials Association "
": u guys was amazing at fan fest" Thank u so much! We had a blast!
And today's soup is hearty white bean, sweet potato, and kale. Who says it's too hot out?!
Grindin and Shining
you are incredibly welcome!;) I was sitting in mine and was like... IDEA!:D<U+2665>
“: Down to 269 followers again!!” still got me!!!
So... Why were the early days of history called the dark ages? Because there were so many knights! Corny right? :)
Improv shows are hilarious!!!
Home Opener this afternoon. Hopefully the start of something good. Looks like a beautiful day in Beantown.
ha! 'cause we just started Aging in Place in The #Aughts!
AMAZON MP3 - and - MediaNet has our matrial too! take a listen!
Please follow me !? [:
SO EXCITED FOR ALL THE EVENTS THAT ARE ABOUTTO OCCUR. GAGA&MANAJ. NYC
welcome to my city. How long are you going to be in buffalo?
Just typed mysterday instead of mystery. What would one do on a mysterday?
about to go shopping see ya later guyss.
AlbuqTravelBuy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
too bad its the maple leafs..
I hate fake bitches *voice cracks*
Hungry come on over to our Stewart location to try our new taco stand!
I was going to tweet from my TV, but that experience was so bad that I decided to use my phone, which is an utter piece of shit in itself.
Physically & Emotionally Exhausted. Gn
#Np grizzly bear- two weeks
who loves orange soda #kel!!
Golly, thanks!
On stage at #w2s is launching cool novel idea and with his huge fan-boy following of course it has a chance....
how long did it take?
“: If you eat out, choose healthier options. Compare information about the foods you are eating to make better choices”
-he dropped 1200 in my lap.. &expected me to be happy.. i swear time is far more important than money, smdh :(
#whenitwascoolto have pencil boxes
Not as good as Sweet Caroline #myfav RT Why do ya build me up? Buttercup, baby just to let me down & mess me arrrrrrrounddddd
No PvP Mode in Diablo 3 at Launch, Says Blizzard.....am I the ONLY one that can give a shit less about this?
u kno its a blowout when juwan howard in the game
sorry for all my rts..
: when getting started in social media, pick a platform & stick with it. SM is really like junior high until you establish yourself.
Easter baskets demolished. Time to head out in my pajamas for Easter lattes. Jesus would totally want me to have a latte right now.
Learning not to settle for anything but the best. :)
Welcome new followers: and !
Tf is this bull shit they tryna pay me.
Let's party
FoodLion cashier asked if I wanted to donate a pack of LittleDebbies to the food bank; is this a new movement to kill off food bank patrons?
happy birthday!! i love you!!
Here is a quick acronym for Emotional Eating Cues: FLAB! frustration, loneliness, anger and boredom
you didn't hear :o he has a seperated shoulder
yep just turned 6... I forgot to wish him a happy birthday :)
K goodie well I will try to get tickets for the game then meet yall there afterwards! Cant wait i need another nice break!
you always are, i love it
it's ok. You're only doing what's natural.
Hey ! Thanks for following me I really appreciate it!
Starting to get emails responding to things I did earlier today. So THAT's where email comes from.
I bet his password was Vikings. RT It appears that Brett Favre's Twitter account was hacked.
RIP Steve Jobs... Your countless new devices will certainly be admired for a long time...
Finally time to take it easy: Harry Potter movies and bread-making, yes!
Ted Sohier will be ur host. Jim Cunningham with interviews backstage during intermission
We need to respect the office of the President. Don't have to respect the man
Just bought SnapRuler, looks like Xscope does a lot more.
sorry so long responding:)i need to tweet more
So excited for next semester. 19 hours never again.
Finished the ING Miami half marathon in 1 hour, 53 minutes, and 59 seconds. A personal best for me!
a #perfectday of many more to come!
#Excused is on with 2 Seths. Unbelievable.
GET THAT ASS TAKER GET THEM ASSES
Fingers crossed.
Slc here I come.
Sec. Vilsack says conserving America's forests isn't a luxury but a neccesity.
So bored
Oh-la-la. Yum. I'm presently drinking some Pinot Grigio
can you email me made 4 tv? I can't seem to download it...could be because I'm at work....smh
Working on the site
Excited about LiveWorkDetroit today: Kickoff @ Noon at the Rattlesnake!
#Brewers let Frankie K pitch!
why couldn't i be in chicago today??
RT : RT : RT if you got you some bathing apes
to get updates on the latest professional triathletes and the biggest races
We go down 1 n a series n they jus talkin crazy
You get on my nerves
How is everybodddyy?!
Books are a uniquely portable magic. Stephen King
you are the Man!
I haven't tweeted in a while so ill say this: I'm tired of hearing Metallica on the radio.
"I'm really not sure if I am your father, but we will find out after I let my mother take a look at you."
Good morning! The sun is shining so bright, come on and get happy with me!
On a fairly big day up, noticed AMR was down most of the day.
You know you're digging it! RT This lady's cycle music is the worst... on my way to sleep... sheesh!
- So excited to have you!
Europeana Data Model (EDM) is "a model for making statements about digital representations of cultural heritage objects"
naa he was a champ.. tried getting cus he didnt make it past pregame again. but he woke up for once it was craz
the one I went to was in February
#allshewants is you to prove that no matter what the circumstance...you will always be there.
That is great! You need to come up with a sweater pattern for my boys!
No lie no lie
Getting ready to take Alicia to work. Wish I had a job:/
The best things in life are not things! Happy Mother's Day!
lol there is a reason we r giving them out free at the bar! For people to come out and party with us. Maybe in a few years for u
Why does this hurt so much.!!! :(
hells yeah, Britney
k! and STOP
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! :)
With their penis jokes & alcohol, those bridesmaids are having a good time at the
Copps: ...If advertising no longer sustains investigative journalism, where should we look to sustain it?...
Thankss boo(: i like you to(; lol but yeah it's pretty funny.!
Lasagna got my stomach Fucked up
not sure, wasn't hungry when I got here but now! Thankfully my layover allows time for Coreys
Let everyone know we are great for Golf Tournaments! We did the Audi Quattro cup and St Jude's Golf Tourney!
You're the cool kid.:3
Thank you for meeting with today to discuss the importance of
TONITE is #NEON Nite!! Wear neon and get in for #FREE!!!! Got your plans for #NewYearsEve Yet?! Save the date and stay tuned for details!!
~~>“: #BestThingAboutBeingSingle You can do whatever you darn well please”
Thanks for hosting!
Our GameOn Podcast now has its own Twitter Account! Be sure to Follow
Success isnt permanent, and failure isnt fatal. Mike Ditka
I need these deets in person....this sound serious to bloodc&$
All packed for hair appointments Now another cup of coffee! Have a fab Monday my tweeps!
LOL where do you find these?!? this is RAD!
great interview with Bilas,I wished you asked him who he would give P.O.Y.but I think the way he spoke of Davis it's apparent
“ “ it's simple be real with me ..ima be real with you.””
Some #messages are #good enough to wake up the dormant masses. Are you #awake?
#DASER Ellen Levy describes Raymond Loewy's evolution charts.
So proud to be a #Hilltopper Great job #WKU and coach Ray Harper. What an exciting win to open the #NCAA tournament.
Play it at start & finish but not during the show it's to much!
yea today and wen I called she was selling some dirt
RT : Q2) curate what is great, create what is better
I will just keep re-enforcing your next study while enjoying your posts.
I LOVE the view from the roof bar there!
ha ha I do love PaulDeen too. :)
thanks for doing The Golf Affect show. Tiz spoke highly of you after, inc HOF rec. Believe me, that is not lightly given!
:( I'm sorry I don't know what's wrong! :(
talking about kettlebell training! Glad to see it out in the public with such a popular person
Care about others and want them to be the best they can be!
What can you do about it if you're in this kind of dynamic?
Ok my dude keep me post u see that Citi Movement it's bout to get crazy
#obama, "work together to create long term economic growth" would be great to have some hope for economic growth!!
Every day 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are created... Think about...
I've had to pick Zach up frm the airport lots of times, so u can just imagine gettin that feelin every time :) it's awesome
Every person in the world knew Tebow was going to run on the 2 pt conversion. And he did. And he scored. And nobody was surprised.
Excited to see that Nothing Bundt Cakes just opened in Mission Valley. Yum!
Cool. Let me know how long the battery lasts as a watch.
It is very bad to drink Jobus rum! Very bad!
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!
You way too beautiful, girl. oh
haha me too
I love WKYC midday news live stream.
Wishing all Bandit teams luck today!
Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
Ugh, I really need to work on my patience with things.
Congratulations to Matt Vinc & Stephen Keogh! Vinc named #NLL Defensive Player of the Week. earns Rookie of the Week honors.
have a good night V! I'm at work now ;) Tweet ya laters!
Congrats to the "Little Big Country" for beating #hockey powerhouse #Canada today at the #WHC Dobre
check out my blog salsa-in-mykitchen.com for some simple dinner ideas
mmmhmm out of macomb. Time for a new sea of fish
doing my best to be productive. Hard today for some reason!
RT Our neighborhood pet store, Howlistic, opens their self serve #dog wash this Saturday! [#92103]
Domino's now has gluten free crust (but not a dedicated GF kitchen). Going to try it out anyway.
awww I miss you too :(
Just discovering Downton Abbey for myself. Perfect follow up to reading Bill Bryson's AT HOME.
Add me on facebook. Dijon Spicy Pierre Derrick!
Thank you!
>>> Hello My Greetings to you as well....
RT : Connect with other independent school educators using #isedchat. We have a weekly chat each week- Thurs at 9pm EST!
oops, nevermind. just saw that painful injury Rose just suffered. Sixers has a chance still!
I will!
"FERRIS BUELLER, YOU'RE MY HERO."
i dont think i can go to sawgrass friday :/
The SCOTUS decision will frame the fall election. Activist court? We shall see. Peace out.
when do ya suppose UVM will figure out how to build new hoops & ice arenas? need major updates, eh
Blue Like Jazz was a great comic drama about spiritual maturity w/ laughs, revelations, & a transcendent ending. It Rocked!
Your followers have come to expect the best.
he rode low and used kotsay at questionable time. Other than that RR was pretty solid.
Walk off Grand Slam by Travis Hafner!!! 2nd walk off slam of year. What a season!
Amen! RT : so glad it's a three-day work week.
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
We supported Miracle Treat Day. Blizzards for the whole family!!
THAT THA SHIT I DON'T LIKE
There have been some funny videos on WorldStarHipHop.com lately lolz
lmao. Let him live, man! Maybe this year.
Goodnight! :) Sleep, my favorite method of staying healthy
hahahaha!! That so funny my mom think they r sexy and have a great music my dad hates them :D lolc
Relaxin on the porch at my mommas place w/ my cuz. always good to see
Cory was pretty amazing too...
Have fun! Jealous, but I should be there in April!!
thank you <33 :)
Sleep is weakness leaving the body.
*talking about Stiles* Mr. Martin: "He's been there all night?" Melissa McCall: "He's been there all weekend." #teenwolfseason2 Aww! <33
I don't know if you have BU-UVM hockey on NBCSN, but a Vermont player just slipped on the ice and fell on his own.
I didn't have state ID because I wasn't old enough to drive.
#hth2012 Crossing past/future streams... "RT Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary. #OccupyMars"
Jamba juice at lloyd center.....yes o how I've missed u
Mike played the song 10 consecutive on the ride home. What a dumb amazing song
All the beer truffles seemed to go over very well at the WH BrewFest... Pictures soon to come
I need a link to the OI
it shows that no good Hoagie shops in NY if you'd choose the meatball
#nowwatching 1000 Ways To Die (thanks to )
I loved that movie too!!!
M....wonderful, restful weekend :)
for spring break florida :D ah summer moving too jersey :/
HOES = Happily Offering Everybody Sex
Painting a chest of drawers to spruce it up. Spring cleaning has begun.
MRD!: So there is a bout, a bout,& a show all tomorrow evening. How do u choose?
You will get a packet of information in the mail after you confirm your admission. It will explain everything!
well I can't tomorrow because my family from out of towns here- and I think there staying till Thursday. How bout Friday?
I'm convinced Gladys has found the Fountain of Youth. Very inspirational and classy.
Masterfully done Whedon... as always
Lets get this girl a date! ": July 21st... at who wants to be my date?!"
Yay! Can't wait to go to tonight with the ladies!
Who's going shopping??
I'm on it now bro bro! btw how would we get there lmao
We will be attending the AAJ conference in Las Vegas at the Aria Hotel & Casino. Hope to see some of you come by our table.
Found a charger bitches.
Best thing about the NCAA National Championship Game? #OneShiningMoment. Can't wait. Fingers crossed for #UVA, Texas, and #VCU clips!
Todaii is my bday if u follow me and my 2 friends and I will follow u back
THANKS MAMAZ.. JUST TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC.. APPRECIATE IT
which they have not been head/shoulders above the elite teams. Let's just go easy on the hyperbole (98 yank comps from olney)
"Tell her you want the jumbo. She’ll ask you for your mailing address where you can receive packages, and you’ll give it to her.”
Have I mentioned that I truly hate at&t with all my ass.
lmfao this is funny >>
Up by two TDs--would've liked to see them go for it there. Probably a bad call, but seemed like a good place to do it...
He did. West Chester University
haha well that's ok!! So then do you work the whole week or just weekdays?
What a funny and cute post. Very nice. Daniel
nice one :) me<we
take off your cool
I switched from BoA and I love it. Had issues w/ bill pay, but it's good now. AND many free ATMs. And iPhone check deposit.
Good thing Jess is answering her phone.
Tek did it. And I mean really, what choice does he have? Who's going to give him the chance to start with his health and contract?
Golf is so boring.
crazy to think #whitney was only 48!!!!! it felt like she'd been 48 since the early 90's. #whatwouldbobbydo?
Congratulations to my former home state of Maryland in becoming the 8th state (plus DC) to approve marriage equality.
Happus_ABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hate how close you live.
He'd rather have bad times with you than good times with someone else.
Thts what's up
Looking forward to checking out España Tapas House with my chicas before heading over to Zen Den for another #ypweek event with bocce ball!
probably, it's disgraceful I guess
please if u already do make new twitter accounts if u luv justin help us get him the 100000 twitter followers
Still haven't found a coffee granita in Italy, though Illy's frozen crema was a relative of sorts.
"I AM EMOTIONALLY DISTRESSED AND AM THINKING ABOUT ALL THE MONEY I'M SPENDING AS I RIDE UP MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE!"
really getting tired of this constant up and down of emotions.. one day everything is great, and the next, no good news.
You're missing out
Going to see in Sun Sisters this Sunday...can't wait!
Anyone can quit when the going is hard, but a thoroughbred NEVER quits until he
Try our breakfast #groupon Now deal at cafe41! One of breakfast wrap/sandwich & coffee for $3!
JUST BOUGHT A NEW CAMERA.. I GOT DEALS ON VIDEO AND PHOTO SHOOTS HIT ME ......
I want sommmeeee!! :(
That's not what I mean. I'm asking if your self-identified sexual orientation is only a loose description of your sexual feelings.
MSU seems more content and comfy with tempo right now. Cards pressing. Still down only two despite 1-13 FG
Hey , be my sweetheart
Heey Zoe !! I Miss talking to you! <U+10E6>
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I had some kind of bug thing that has finally passed. Feel so much better today!
4 am and I can't sleep I really #miss my #baby. #always and
is back from Uppsala.
#artpolitics non-interest in the melodramatic
The perfect mother's day for my mom would've been a win yesterday. Nice job #Caps!
For instance, be saving me from myself all the time.
What is everyone having for lunch, today?
Does anyone know when the next gen of mac book pros are coming out?
I love Mac Miller. <3 #MarryMe?
Tweet me a number and a picture of you. And I'll ship you with one of the boys
Idk what to do about you though. I can't figure you out.
Sat working for 2hrs in hotel room empty bath so not to disturb my sleeping wife. Oh the glamour & reality of international mobile working?
I just got out of cheer! Come on overr.
Doin' Time-Through the Visiting Glass Last performance tonight 7pm Blackbox Theater Tickets on sale 6pm First come first serve
Hi (: How Are You
Check out Communities In Schools Dallas Region and the upcoming "Dream Big" Gala. cisdallas.org
haha omg remember when I was blonde?
long sleeve?
imagine laying under the stars with austin and he turns and looks at you and says i love you babe <3 those 4 words <3
Conan, see you soon, hopefully. Late night TV is going to suck for a while. The peacock's colors fade ever so shamefully.
What is there to do on the weekends anymore...?
Sounds like fun!! I'm jealous
Re-reading a favorite book is like visiting an old friend. You know just what to expect and enjoy it all the same.
Is this conference aimed more at teachers, tech integration specialists, administrators or others?
Hey, I didn't realize that you were behind that Luise Rainer site. Very impressive!
Our old cat loved the neighbor's girl and Andrew and bit everyone else. Seems normal to me. How could she not like C?
I seriously don't have any idea what city this is
Where exactly *IS* shopping heaven?
Late night work snack: TJ's Speculoos straight from the jar. To make up for that salad I had for dinner.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to obtain more opportunities easier.
showing his love for jesus and the dying wish to be hispanic! ;)
New app available in the Apple Store for iPhones, iPads & iPods! To get the app, search "Berkeley College"in Apple store and click install
They are handing out free empanadas on line at the Apple store!
The Mizzou loss keeps my Marquette pick in that region looking stronger.
RT : Had a fantastic time calling voters today with and Polls close in MA at 8. Get out and vote!
It's great having the NFL back.
Happy Easter to you too.
GREAT JOB, LOVE YOUR VOICE!
Instructors: What can you do when you are not teaching in a touch-panel room? Find out Monday! 2-3pm rm. 254
i see my couzin got them streetz on lock
Let me know when
Apple says would like to get iBooks2 Authoring tool in the hands of every author. And Ofcourse makes it free.
#rememberwhen tommy hilfiger and fat albert was the shit
i agree with you whole-heartedly and appreciate you calling bullshit.
unreal movie. Knowing you you'll probably cry at the end.
#HKC Thursday Night NFL 5***** MAX PLAY !!!!!!!! Get it #Guaranteed @ BPOSport.com
Had an energetic and thought-provoking class session with my ENG101 students this morning. Really excited about the rest of the semester.
good deal, Raul-time
You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web & on-site visitors?...
Eric Young: From Cutter to US Pro champion
Haha! You have penis goggles!
Danny Hurley takes Rhode Island Head Coach job.
why does that sound so good right now????
I thought my tent would fly away wizard of oz style
I Like To Cuddle. That Cant Possibly Make Me A Whore.
can you draw me somthing please :)?
Game time
I left a voicemail n everything
3 weeks without Miami parties
JoshFact: I am actually an ordained minister. Can't wait to marry one of my fav couples this year!
"Nothing is so difficult as doing justice to the facts." ~Ludwig Wittgenstein, Remarks on Frazer's Golden Bough, 1931
shut up nigga u n Manteca
There's a cute mexican at the nail salon,but he's too young for me.lol.
So my gf wants me to change my last name to gets.
Christopher Columbus- IndiaorBust
Idk what brunch is but I'm going to it haha
Palm Beach International Equestrian Center for the last time Saturday, then Sunday juggling for a church in Clearwater!
RT : Walking my dog is like flying a retarded kite.
Predictions for next season?
me either! Took 1.5hr w/MJ Curly Pudding. I'll make bigger twists next time..hair is getting 2 long & it takes longer :/
we need a bunch of paying projects, that "like" us, then we'll travel north for the Big Like.
I'm counting down the days till I go back !!!
I am really hoping the "Loin Cloth" makes a come back! Men, this look is timeless.....go for it I support u all the way!!!
I ran out of characters!
Pie for breakfast. Then, breakfast for second breakfast.
#decoded is a great show to chill out, blow your mind, and learn some cool stuff...Houdini as a spy ? That's a new one.
- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets :D
Cant wait for these people to finish working on my car so i can hit the road and get back to Louisville
My World Lit professor wrote "This is above average work" on my paper.. this is a 1st!!
You can complain all you want about life, but that won't make it any better
Wait, what? In March? How often is Opening Day in March?
Had a dream about the other day .....
yo y'all ready
#ibcrootbeer maKes me #happy, Happy Weekend Everyone. Enjoy!
did you want to exchange people or beer?
My mom is taking too long
Well, if you insist! …Oh, you were answering my previous question. How awkward.
Fun Fact from the Elmwood Park Zoo: A group of porcupines is called a "prickle".
watchin a movie wit my BFFLAA!!!!
Oh..we got paid huh? YAY! that always helps. hahaha.
You call me a slut. Too bad it isn't true. Sorry bitch, I'm not you.
See how you can get your OWN fingerprint on shirts and watches - YouTube
Ann Coulter compares the Prez to Flav O Flav. "The Blonde Scarecrow" strikes again.
So jealous of my little sister and her themed prom !
Twelve The Expendables 2 Character Posters
The world: "Boo-friggin-hoo, Simmons. Get over it. No one liked that ill-conceived, poorly executed sham."
haga nice one nice one! o_O
If I made any open ended promises to you over the weekend, please stop me during lunch today and I'll honor em. Look for the red shirt.
muahhhhhhhhhhhhh gotta love her
CURE AUTISM
way to go Gauguin!!!
Would create some buzz for them. By some, I mean moderate to little.
indeed it does! Won myself a bottle of the real thing - thanks and cheers!
Elizebeth Taylor Funeral is Happining Today -------Closed TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS ONLY
Well you're a Catholic (as am I!!!! whee) so it's acceptable because it's our holiday YAY EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE AND BUNNIES
Yes, dusted my bike & pumped my tires RT : Are you going to bike on Thursday for the bike ride in Carmel?
Bad. Ass. Lunch today. XD
come on lets hit 100 likes today pass the word get everyone to give us a like thank you form PURP MUZIC Ent.
Smoking kills. If youre killed, youve lost a very important part of your life.
(And of course it's really easy for me to suggest because all I could be is a matron of honor...).
Hey :) Coming out with some new show dates for the summer soon... will let you know!
It's so funny when someone asks me "who do you like?" & I stare right at the person I like & say "no one".
At $112M, safe to say he's not "Raising Cain" MT Cain 5 yr deal has $112.5M of new guaranteed money
So I'm directing a feature documentary, acting in another movie, my friends are pretty awesome and this nicotine headache sucks but whatever
Just passed a sign that said "Welcome to Northern New Jersey - Embroidery Capital of the World since 1872." Learn something new every day...
All I can think about is next weekend
“Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn’t even think about us for a second.”-Wiz Khalifa
dear gatorade, y u no make me sweat colors?
I just want to graduate & shave my head.
5 year engagement comes out this week! So excited, we should watch in our respective countries and dish!
Fired up to announce our first ever MLS Timbers players tomorrow. A special day indeed....
YEES! on now
All work & no play might make me dull for now but, it's also gonna make me rich forever.
On to seatac. Right on time and so much better than taking a cab! Thx guys!
Lake Show at my right hand man's hizzzouse... in an Artest throwback jersey
Good morning!
thanks dude!! “: already signed up. They look sweet!!!”
I just died when I saw that followed me it didn't even tell me!
How is this my fault!?!
Instantly perplexed why Twitter is emulating Myspace? A TOTAL reliance on 3rd party aps and hacks...twinkle --> tweetdeck--> Bit.ly ...
Enjoy those lovely fall leaves! FUN is in the air!
Nice little round of golf being put together by at
where do you live? We have touring plans this summer!
TY for choosing us for your guests! On the phone with 800 res booking a 5 nt stay for my clients with YOU!
I changed my last name to my middle name so those creepers can't find me. Take that, former popular girls I vaguely knew!
come to paris and hellfest with me and toni!
Beautiful people.
idk. but i wanna delete my tumblr act.
Contractors needing CEUs for license renewal can visit the booth at
ad spending in the U.S. to grow 1.8% this year to $144 billion- Kantar Media
even as a non-meat eater? I'm picturing myself eating the parsley off of everyone elses steak.
First night of High School Basketball Summer League underway!
Pop it for a
Beautiful day in Nashville with !!!! tonight, what could be better?
great meeting you today - looking forward to some #PlanetFest awesomeness! :)
Good morning it's me Mason guest tweeting for the we really need for the run and lots of it
your work check-in sounds way cooler than almost everyone else's
No, that's a great thing! :)
Don't do me like that! lol I miss your face!
CONFIDENCE is good COCKINESS is a turn off.
The New Shottas TV Series Starring Kymani Marley Is Now In Production: Big Up Cess Silvera
Before you fall in love, realize if the feeling isn't mutual you will hit the ground.
So apparently Better Homes & Gardens is coming out with a new magazine soon and wants to feature one of my projects! How cool!
Keep doing dives, imma do main events.
Look forward to it! We're presenting at School for Cong. Development in August, if you're going to be there.
#Artist learn to prioritize work 1st play 2nd
New York or Milan?
Thanks for the answer :)
First trip back to Bronx doesn't pose extra danger for Rangers - Texas Rangers Fan Forum - Ranger's Fan Zone
A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them. Carl Jung
Hot Dogs, bowl of Chili with beans, chips, soft drink, and a Big Cinnamon Bun for lunch..."you can't beat that"...hope to see you soon...
Have you noticed that companies are now taking almost a month to pay for #voiceover sessions?
Hard nipples. >>>>> On guys that is...fit ones.
dude, I will refollow when ur account gets returned, you've bewn dming hack messages over a month now
Thx so much. You're the best! PS. Figured out the school sitch. I knew something was up (guess whose fault it was...USF's)
Give Your Heart A Break by for Music Choice:Single <3
Cool! Have a safe trip, everyone! RT Keep your eyes out for channel 13! Coming to see the band off
Someone buy me some chocolate
LOVE that! Wish I were that adventurous, sigh. Go for it!
That's why I'm wearing a scoop neck vs a hoodie RT If you get nervous think,"what would McDaniels do?" then do the opposite.
DWYANE WADE!! That's all I have to say
Ginobili makes it look too easy.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
We must support our Community and i need a cup of Coffee .justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
no prob T!
that sounds messy. Also, it would attract birds. And raccoons.
I'm mindless 4 Prodigy -143
Most def gotta find something to do tomorrow
nice! iTunes= instant satisfaction.
what kind was it?
Liked what kb Yancey says about the marginalia becoming the writing. The meta narrative carries the message on writing and objects.
You don't know you're beautiful
That is an excellent quote, one borne out in his decision to retain my services.
Cant wait for the weekend to be here! I want to do absolutely NOTHING! that sounds superb :)
just finished season 1 of game of thrones. it should be called "underestimate your women at your peril"
Sucks when two of your favorite shows come on at same time.
Would you guys be down for going to the Milwaukee Bavarians US Open Cup match in May?
Yay "good discipline they do a lot of things well got a good team concept going up to the plate" give the #Indians some love
Between trying to type & trying to listen, I think this is the first time I have really looked at 's Prezi.
Hahaha! From the desk of : "So sad to hear that JET broke up..Gonna miss their one song….."
No #SXonSPEED last night?!! But glad to see your good result in Salt Lake. 6th place = excellent.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet...
one better be for me!
Vote NO on cloture and protect NY Tech, jobs , the internet, and the future of a 21st century NY
Overheard: "You are the thin, beige line between order and chaos."
what about Gothberg?
watching Divine Secrets if the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
followed :D
Our Halloween Party is Monday from 7pm-2am...make sure you dress up and we will provide everything else!
Generate views by commenting on related blogs.
I already know ima change the world. I'm just taking my time.
Sorry meant to say 10 pm, now t mobile says midnight.
See I didnt even think it was epic , I wanted to cry ! Lol - Zaona
Ryan reminds of an older version of Robert.
Two shows down three more to go. Sylvia Heisel
A marriage of true minds, perhaps, but I've been wrong before and it's so hard to tell
Wearing only ur panties &shirt to bed
thanks for the follow back bro!
Went back a step on my quest for the WSOP Main Event
Tradin mouth shots here in the 4th great do or die
HAPPY FRIDAY! Fly on in for a cold bevy! Happy Hour til 7pm!
okay. Just got like a 6 inch cut on my stomach.
Keisha is scary!!!!!
one of these temp services has to find something for me.. i'm so desperate i'd probably work at some fast food joint.
i guess ill eat dounuts now(:
Bleachers make my butt hurt.
Happy 45th birthday "It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown."
let's play hooky today!
I don't see life no other way but lovely fuck the stress god got me
: Hanging at the booth with #nn11lgbt #nn11 // great to see you! We are booth 706
Reports that a Delta flight in Chicago is in quarantine on the runway. Emergency crews & the CDC are on the scene.
decides to not pursue reelection.
If you need me to schedule anything, pay anything, or print more things today, I might lunge out of my chair. Just FYI.
Great menu at my buddy Jeff Petrone's house for the packers game
Recording a new track for the winner of our kickstarter "get a song written about you". Its sounding mighty tasty!
Refrigerators WhirlpoolRefrigeration Cooking Dishwashers- whirlpool refrigerators
happy birthday sweetie
Follow me Rihallah
ah ok , I took it yesterday & passed finally . What branch you tryna join?
follow he is an amazing singer look him up on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde see his cover ofBOYFRIEND
What you seek is seeking you. ~Rumi
Basically. RT “: ": I have to parent-proof my apartment before.." hide the booze. Stock on the veg. Mop under the sofa.”
i was on the phone w/ one of my friends and she said logan's new icon is ugly so i hung up on her LOLOLOLOL
Ok, what sucks and swallows.
thanks for the hospitality last night. Dinner was amazing.
I'll call in 30 minutes, and see if either the wine or the movie were finished.
lol thanks, and why is that ?
well big week an head copies of song pack sites project website mgr starting, much going on i keep you all posted
yes...yes I would. Tyson is a boxer and I'd rather be in the octagon but I never turn down a fight...
that show seems too good to be true how can they get hot guys to go on the show who actually want love
thanks for the live tweets. I'm watching 48 hrs!
- the more I watch, the more I'm glad he's the 'skins QB, even before he throws a pass in a game!
GoodMorning!Hope your day goes good.I love you!(:
Just finished my final MBA assignment! The PhD is next, but I think I'm ready for a little break after 5 years of studying.
Responded to FIRE @ 482 West 150th St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I just emailed you my sweet dear
I was apart of a benefit tonight for Angels of Hope Family Cancer Foundation. I met the best people. Tonight I'm thankful for so much.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PUT COREY HART AT FIRST
Got my first Pinterest spam! They want to help me get a larger erection. Awww, you guys!
purple argyle?
RT : RT : Florida Commerce Gen. Counsel Andy Price with a great rebuttal piece to Florida Bankers' attack on CUs:...
Horoscope: "take up yoga or stop eating stuff you know isn't all that great for you." even my horoscope knows I'm fat!!!
RIGHT? I know. Ah. Die.
no I don't! With this kids look he'll be having sex in less than 10 years!!! I'm scared! LOL
Thurs peeps: Be sure to check in at Antrim via Foursquare, Gowalla, or whatev u use to tell ur stalker where to find you. Rewards!
This Wed @ Central Market Westgate in Austin. 6:30-9p. Ed Friedland on upright bass & Kullen Fuchs on trumpet & piano. It's gonna be groovy!
direct message
The best place to hide something in the fridge is always the vegetable drawer.
You special child. :) I still love you.
Seriously, fuck playoffs. Fuck playoffs hard.
Thanks for signing my husbands jersey!
Great stories, aren't they?! Greenhow is one of my favorites.
psn ones are gone in a sec again
It's not.
I miss the feeling of being in a relationship
Awesome night! Mr. Mountain Lion was amazing! Congrats ! :)
Today's #Fact: The large, mysterious stone statues on Easter Island are called moai. Most of them were carved from solidified volcanic ash.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come most alive, because what the world needs is people who have come alive. --H.Thurman
Let's go Brewers tonight!!! Off the Schnide!!
thanks so much!!!!!
headed back north for a lil
what a bunch of boring unexciting uninspired songs on #idol tonight
Bob Jones University is called BJU. Seriously.
Julien just now: "MOM my hair is NOT dirty. I'll take a bath, but I am NOT washing my hair!" Me: "Yes you are." Guess who won?
well i really haven't seen my dad much since mid march, but yeah if he found out i still had the account he'd probably kill me.
Bikinis should have an age limit and a WEIGHT limit ;D! #As,Soon,As,Possible;o!!!
Historic moment... Black girl getting "relaxed " on t.v.
that's fuckin right! That was nothin!
Just noticed that I wasn't following Big mistake.
Commercial audition monday!!!! #sograteful for my friends!
Dr. Hamm offers specific farm bill goals. Preserve gains of last two farm bills. GIPSA rules. Maintain SNAP, HFFI and plan future.
Oh good, thanks for the update!
I really love my job and the people I work with and for
Nah bro I ain't even mad. Bahaha.
I am not huge on him either. However, he would be the Pirates' best power hitter...if he were a Pirate.
We're broke as fuck, but we can't complain.
16 hours of sleep. I finally recovered from my wknd w
I'm calling the cops!!!
Liam Do you want your home clean? We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE....
I got 2 white peach green teas from Chatime for the price of 1.
Thanks for #FF!!!!
#BCHS Baltimore Neighborhoods/Baltimore History Conference is starting in 15 minutes at MdHS!
Thanks!!! See you there!!!“: can't wait to see you guys this year our guard is pumped! "
Diane Wakoski~ Learning to live what youre born with is the process the involvement the making of a life.
Morning Cartoons
You speak the truth.
might check out some scott westerfeld, uglies or leviathan
Really interested in what Ezra Kucharz has to say at the Borrell Conference. You should be too.
cheer this girl up.
Whaa? There is now a t coast in Logan circle??
Since FB is being a joke: I won't be going to IDfest today. I'll have my ticket on me if anyone wants it.
To be beautiful means to be yourself!
congratulations on the engagement mrs x
How would one go about presenting a talented 7yr old?
I really wish my company had a internal irc server... and Foosball in breakbreak rooms.
think u.
shut up
Metta World War
Could be 80 in Mpls tday. Wonder if anyone came here for
It's so cool not to care abt anybody these days . . . guess I'm a nerd
Thanks to the Woodcock family for donating Brown Bag Lunches today for children and families in the hospital. This lunch was appreciated.
Obama is expanding war, killing many innocent with drones, signing all this bush like legislation (ACTA, HR347, NDAA, ect)
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Lmbo so it was like a 1 year notice pending type thing? gottcha
If you think it will be fun, it probably will be! Life is what you make it!
Oh yeah! Have fun! I might be downtown tonight at some point so if i am ill try to stop by the show
Getting tweets about bad blogs about .We dont care.We are on a mission to save lives. B A PART OF THE PROB OR SOLUT. UR CHOICE
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Telemarketing has lost its individuality. Getting solicitated by "anonymous" and "unknown". What next? bigger words like SESQUIPEDALIAN
Great MOH day at FCF. Thankful for a great church of kingdom servers! Ready to go to another level. FCF helpers u r awesome.
Exercising is key, when it comes to one of the ways on how to prevent diabetes
THAT SONG.
just tell me what , I need to do....
OMG! please could the Lakers win ? !
Can you PM me your email and we can look into it? Sometimes these things get caught up in filters.
Finish Line Be Bullshittin !!
So happy RT : Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!
still off air.
perks is my shit. Love that book #:)
IMPORTANT QUESTION: DOES YOUR HOME LOOK LIKE A LAURA ASHLEY SHOWROOM?
are you going to finish opening your Bday gifts from your Mahomies before you leave?!?! :) <3
that sounds like a good idea to me!
The Simmons Radio crew will have to stop by the truck this semester...This looks too good to pass up!
I can't get the link to work to read it
Lmfao its funny af tho aww RT : That moment when makes fun of me because I'm not familiar with slang.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“I’ve been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.” Russell Simmons
I missed her! I'll have go catch it online!
do you date a girl named Drew?
RT : Q3: Don't put anything really important as an image. I send HTML, but I make sure the key info is in text.
just saw the #newgirl from tonight. freakin' loved it. bless my fangirl heart. c:
trying out google wave-SO COOL!
make sure and share your map so we can highlight it!
PB & B (Peanut butter & banana) YUM!! Except I put too much PB & Not enough B.....choking..... ;-)
Thanks for the Co-teaching Approaches!
I am more than out of the loop with...everything! Someone give me an update. What's going on out in this crazy world?
next week. You, me, and Bailee. The lucky one! <U+2764>
“: And we are proud of every recipient! ...Gold Award is the highest honor a Girl Scout can achieve. #girlscouts100” -- Absolutely!
This is on the subject of men/women that get into screaming matches in a grocery store or parking lot with little provocation
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. ~Dr. Alexis Carrel
..when does a location-based game involving narrative elements, puzzles, and collective intelligence become an ARG? etc
Finally is home. Time to rock this bitch.
reading "Is American culture 'American'?" very exciting
RT : When we were younger, The Falls was where it all went down though
Looked at the stat sheet for game 1 of OKC vs. DAL and wow 4 people scoring all your points smh
- I want Eric & Alcide all summer, too.
tv tweet
how does "News Shouting Freakout" hit your branding centers?
central valley !
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
my grandma is on my phone with my dad. Dm me you number amd i will call you on her phone!
fyi, voting will be live around 9pm...
Good morning! It feels so good outside. Take time in your day and let weather revitalized your spirit. Have a blessed day :)
ahahaha that is really funny. doin it right....
OMG. I'm in CA too.. -___- I'd rather live in like Colorado or whatever. I want snow.
Thanks! It was announced at the WRLC Annual Meeting last week and is slowly going live across all platforms.
lol it was a pain in my ass but yeah.! All I have left is my bio-chem final and I'm done done.!
Them kicks should be on a build a bear..
she's awesome that's my homie till the day I die
And the final art piece for my apt arrived today! Excited to go home to a place I can proudly call "home"
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU<3 I LOVE ITT <U+E106><U+E418>
Aretha freeway of love, duh ;) ever hear that george michael/areths duet, 'knew u were waitin'? same time.
hi Susan!!
I'm writing out a list of everything I accomplished today so that I can feel something other than being run over by a work truck.
:D Well, we'll be there for the public health fair if you do swing by.
I always know what kind of day I'm going to have by the time I leave my first account. Thursday's are always good cause I call TGIFridays
so is incest
Dogsitting until almost the end of the month.
Dougie fresh slick rick, special ed, big daddy kane , cool c, kool g rap , mc lyte, de la soul, epmd, mc shan, are just some of the LEGENDS!
real recognize real but sometimes you cum across phonies..its life
Lol I might have the pregnant swag juming for the summer
RT : Watching The Interrupters, crying like a lil bitch. Chicago is a war zone. There's another America people don't know about
Here's the word: the Q Café is now open WEEKDAYS at 7:00 AM! Help us spread the word by retweeting this msg, or liking this post!!!
hahaa ikr i almost bought the whole store tho!
The second Chen award goes to & for , bringing information mgmt tools to coffee growers. Congrats!
hope to see & And I love you. You're brightening lives daily. Keep shining.
: Mindmeister vs. Freemind - I've used & like both, but it's annoying not to have a standard interchange format for mindmaps
Do you offer promo codes for samples?
Where are all the positive thinkers?
what's she there for?!
Can this story line lead to Megan getting hit by a truck?
legit. What do you have left from the spring line? We're taking some new promos so if you wanna get in on that let me know!
thanks for the shoutout
yo what are some other bands that have crazy harmonies and grooves like dirty loops?
What's the password to yo twittuh?
Where it isn't peaceful until it's crazy wild... The Grand Central Terminal :)
Omg just two more hours till my weekend!!! I can do this!!
Ark trio crazy good. Same w/ Bush & White. Spiller & Davis were special. As were Cady Williams & Ronnie Brown. Ark prob best
I was worried till the tailspin ref. The fact u got it may mean u guys are perfect together.
The schedule thing is key. VA is geared for a retired generation. Not working early life folks. not enough evening hours.
bring it on..
Alright ! Thanks for the great tech support on the Wilson transition. Excellent customer service.
Iona has got to be SICK ... how do you blow a 25-point lead?!
Dude's voice is out of this world...just pray that he gets good producers for his album!
At looking for staging pieces.
I am interested in the way U characterize this feelin… & your career path. Feeling/being "worth" loving are central to self-esteem
Feeling a bit anxious this morning & now drinking coffee...does not help
Agreed. Wait until you see Jessica's last performance!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak solid 3/4" x 4" in-stock.
QoTD: "If you cut too many corners, you'll be going in circles." (Unknown)
I am super excited that you were thinking of me.....
its ok!!:) thats your picture in your icon right ?? Cause i like your hair!
Girl what have you been up to??
gave him personality, life beyond Hulk without letting Banner get lost in Hulk's shadow.
i can't make 3 I will hit u a Lil l8ter and meet u... Check n box sent u a Lil sumptin
You're never too old to try something new! And keep learning as much as possible. Keeps you young and spunky!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I use Hootsuite on the iPhone 4. Works well.
That suck exams are boring
If I had a dollar for every dollar I didn't have, I'd have $46.153 trillion.
you outtapocket you never hit me back
One Direction Stole Our Hearts <U+2665> #MORETHANTHIS ! :'D
me too.of course leftovers are a fav in our house...logans asked for 6 different pies lol
worthington hilld getting slammed. High.winds, hesvy rain
Thank you for the follow - I am following you back. Happy Easter!
I know it's so crazy!
hell yea man
RJ says that have the best shoe collections. Who's shoes are better tonight? Yall willing to settle the debate?
Guys who hit girls are PUSSYS !
Don’t spend another day not seeing your hidden potential. HE always had a plan and a purpose for u. R u aware of the greatness inside u?
Dinner with my brother tonight :)
So cool. Would be cooler if 30 yr olds were in MTL...
I have applied and would love to contribute at GM.
Community Impact Arts Educator #Fusion2012 presented by Dan King Sec of Exec Bd..winner is Robert Andrews #GCPS & hon mention Debi West NGHS
Good Morning!! Have a great day :)))))
Ephraim, great to e-meet you… thx for connecting. glad you're a B's fan!
Nor, I suspect, the last.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM!!!! hope you have an amazing day and year!
Any fun plans for #Springbreak?
I don't need a second wind today. A first one would be nice, actually.
it's alright man. All of You played hard.
Please help keep Midtown clean as our staff takes 2 days to give thanks and enjoy their families. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
3.00 a.m if you can
Oh, age is just a number? Well jail must just be a room.
French bread is gonna cause my downfall.
Ravens trade pick to Vikings. Won't pick at 29
Just had a very exciting meeting with other professional services deliverers in the Charlotte area about networking on steroids; what works.
I often do things and think, That's So Raven.
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call out VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book
on what subject?
if you smoke crack, then you'll totally get Britney Spears' new video!
did i just tweet that wrong ? Lol idk im trippy ..
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be. -- Fannie Brice
Missing you. Jed is failing. Would love to connect. Doing acupuncture. Cooking everything in my limited repertoire. Wisdom?
Rocking my xtra small shirt cuz school messed up my order. Time for
RT: : It's a short week. We are making adjustments. We're playing for the championship, and we need to be prepared.
- It's not "1 or 2" cases. Digital self-pub (web or e-book) of "out-of-print" personal backlists is the new normal for authors.
Tell your friends about us, even though we suck.
Hanging out with my sister and nephew I love them so much!!! <U+2665>
Todays gonna be sickk. Like Moths To Flames and Texas in July tonight :D gonna get down!
I love loving you
where you watching the game at tonight boo thang?
Double cupped up and a j of that wiz khalifa
Good morning, Anderson! We're leading at Eastside Church of God this morning and sharing about India. Praying!
I'm sitting next to a man who looks like Zubin Mehta!
Taking part in New Media roundtable at Folk Hall Auditorium tonight at 7pm. Get the thinking behind ! PLUS COOKIES AND PUNCH.
where else do you advertise your beats besides twitter?
I love how the computers in this school don't work... Can't search up things to kill time..
Lol I need to , you must actually be home ?
Can't even count on the #Magic to score 80 points
RT Mr. President, why can we have fifty state policies on marriage but one Washington-managed national health care system?
playing with Josh's band, won the first round, now onto semi-finals. Might do an Eli Cash show too, still up in the air tho...
Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington?
Also, BENJY NIGHT puts away its baseball glove and pulls on some hockey skates. 2/24, Northeastern, $24/ticket, food, drinks, FUN.
hey do you have adrian's number :o
whats up im soo board im budding into everybodys tweets
Definitely! You should catch us in Boston on April 1st:)
nice myh friend :)
thanks for following.
I can never get tired of watching Community's A Fistful of Paintballs episode. Its epic.
i love u Christian ur just too hot,scumdelliumshoish, and sexy;) and i really didn't know how to spell that lol;)
I had lunch with Amy K at the Wauwatosa location!
fa la la
is that what desserts look like on the moo???
watching #deathnote alone in my room.
I'm in editor mode and bad writing is making me see red. Okay, yes, we Wisconsinites have been known to...engage.
~if people dont like what you say who cares; they dont have 2 follow u. they r ur views & no one elses.
Because of you, I try my hardest to forget everything. Because of you, I don't know how to let anyone else in..
when you get #WhiteFolkWasted you get real friendly.
Get off your high horse, sit the fuck down & shut the fuck up like the rest of us.
so whats #OYB stand for? All i got is own yo bitch?
You can tell this is an Aspen...because of the way it is. Right and ?
thanks for the random visit to chat with me and you'll hafta drop by after all the #sxsw craziness to cowork! ^dw
So... Your girlfriend sent me a facebook message. When you get home your stuff will be on the porch. Ohh and lose my number
Now People Are Rallying to See Justice. And thats good. But Too bad we can't trust into Government to do that, but when have we ever? Lol
Right on “: Astonishing performance by Doc Emrick. Nearly 5 hours into 3 OT game he doesn't sound ragged at all. What a job!”
Can't wait for the new season. Come on January.
my family is crazy, i think it's time to move out
I find it ironic people are watching #Basketballwives at the same time real basketball is on. You'd rather watch Hoopz instead of hoops.
aww! mines all crushed barely connected haha.
sending out tremendous love for , and their family.
Ouch! Are you heading for the DL?
If you're impatient like I am & love to eat Krunchers like I do, then try opening the bag from the bottom. Gets you right to the good stuff.
Too bad there's not an #Oscars Award to make your film profitable... Sorry, Hugo!
What was the best show you ever attended? We're talking hardcore/deathcore here. Let us know
Teacher curious about integrated curriculums. CAPE has curriculums on website.
Come to think of it, it doesn't get hot enough here for seersucker. Gotta rethink those layers :)
*HAPPY NEW YEAR BELLA!!* *XOXO*
nigga I'm far from nice!!!
Viktor Blom shipped SCOOP Mid. 248K to him is like running bad for 45 mins.
I love you more<U+2665>
How does the transformation of the printing industry/culture in the 19th C manifest itself in the very fiction it produced?
The Patriots REALLY need to get it together ASAP!
Kony 2012, what's with all the talk about hotdogs?
i went to high school with glasper! what a small world :)
I think I just found my new love!!! Baby you the truth...
I didn't even cry yesterday but today I just wanna cry it all out..
It's almost Friday. That joke is still alive?
It’s an evolutionary mating warning sign.
“: How did I miss the #erl12 bag swag?” I did too. They look nice.
hey! Come party with us this Friday for our launch party! Can you make it?!
its about that time, summers about to be here in a couple of weeks ;) ... u know what that means
#Bring1DtoMaine #wildcard I'm not gonna stop into you come here.
Nothing spectacular. Sounds fairly underwhelming for all of the recent hype.
the stunt show is best thing here in my opinion. Also? Don't want to brag but I once starred in the Indiana show:::bowing:::
we are hoping for an early summer release....but i will probably have a couple track for download in about a month
I Could Go Thru A Whole List Of "I Shouldves" Right Now . .
Flip is possible - incredibly easy to use, such good quality. I was trying to remember the StoryKiosk software.
relationships are like assholes everyone has tried to be in one.
praying for you and your family. May God's goodness be seen in a new way!
The Website Is Almost Finished!
Where my bro
Welcome to my age group man! I'm 35 and 4 months old.
quite often lol
ok thanks...much love for all the support....
must be nice
“: Just performed at a wedding reception for black lesbians. Livin' the dream!!!” or as I like to call them "blesbians"
Thank you for fun times tonight at the launch party!
: and are both in the Dominican<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>Can't wait to join the #playmate sisters tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2708>
Watching the kardashian wedding.. I hate Kim so much.
:) good bye
The Law Offices of James M. Powell is a full-service law firm committed to achieving positive results for our clients. Call 909-890-0105
miss you too lady!
Ali Fedotowsky: Why Bachelorette's Jef Is a Perfect Match for Emily Maynard
A9. If it's regrettable, why would I want to tweet it out again? ;) That would be #NUTS!
AP testing today
There's wifi on the plane but we need to use bottled water to flush the toilet...
Up before the sun comes up tomorrow, early to bed tonight, night everyone!
crazy busy here. we have a son arriving sometime in early dec. and getting ready for hockey. what are you up to?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mothers out there <3
I'm compiling a list of salons to visit with my resume. Please pray for me!
Ah, telemarketers: "May I ask who's calling?" "Yes." "I said, may I ask who's calling?" "Yes, you CAN. Whatever. I'll just call back later."
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter... he won't come to you anyway!
Ditto! Rain rain go away. RT : I am so over this rain in #NYC. Who's with me?
Heads up to everyone coming on Saturday. Parking will be limited so we suggest parking on 28th st!
Donate $150 or more and receive not only a $25 gift card from Hamilton Tavern, but also a $50 gift card from Woodberry Kitchen.
DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND! Sales at Diversity on Sherwood and DT2 on W. Main!!!! Come check it out. Today and tomorrow only!!!
what's going on Boss. Trying to connect with you and get you some music for Nicki. Lmk what's up.
I hate hanging out with someone & it's really awkward. Like the kind you want to apologize for bc it's soo baad.
“the enemies of #freedom” are here – not in #Iraq, #Afghanistan or #Iran. Saddam Hussein did not take away my 4th and 5th Amendment rights."
thanx chic!! hope u like it!! its hilarious!!
Bad ass lil kid snatched my hat off my head, so I snatched his mom wig off her head.
and just a season :)
I cannot wait to get on that plane! one more week, but vaycay starts on friday! woohoo
We're celebrating our co-founder's Bridal Party today! Sending love to all the YUMs tying the knot this year!
Snuck in 9 holes tonight after work; didn't realize how great that can be for reducing stress. I sucked, but fresh air was fantastic
*hugs* Wish I could do more.
Deb! Deb! she's the woman! if she can't do it, no one can!
Found out Chicken McBites are just smaller Chicken McNuggets. Are we as a nation so lazy we can't be bothered to bite a McNugget in half?
Proud of our client, , and our team for being named a REGGIE finalist in the sponsorship category for our program.
Looks like the perfect day to ride!
Want to know the truth about how someone feels about you, never forget what they say to you when their angry.
FYI - changed my twitter name from DMoe_PromoV to DMoe_77
Instagram :) follow me I follow back luvz it! :)
/ Hey, thanks! (And sorry about dinner...)
Thanks for joining us Friday!
Pinson and Wiener's text on Objective-C begins: "This book has three primary goals." 'primary' implies one.
You ran track??? Can i hit that?
Don't think it was deliberate, but definitely essential to the whole plan haha
RT : Are you pumped about a Friday full of 11s? That includes 11 glasses of wine for Dr. H!
Confidence Not to Be Mistaken For Arrogance!!! Lets Rock People!!! COME CHECK US OUT SEPTEMBER 30TH WITH FLATFOOT 56 @ THE GEAR IN FRANKLIN!
RT : Senators who voted against mine should go to places I went & explain to people I saw why there will not be mining-related...
we only want that. We don't need it for shit !
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 5
I think we have been waiting for an hour for erykah badu to come on...
#pitstudio - Look at the replay of first caution the sun was a factor entering the turn!
yeah be here at 4 :-)
indiana on top of in the central standings. 1-0
My brother troy fryin himself
Things learned today: Coffee does not make me function any better, just makes my eyes less squinty.
I know!! Legitimate anxiety over looking like a sausage or that I'm wearing dad's clothes in my singlet.
Ladies and gentleman. and I are doing laundry together. We are officially married.
excited about adding many new brands to our website! we can furnish all of the rooms in your home and send it to you with #FreeShipping!
but yet she lets us call the german kidd in our class a nazi
Just enjoyed pepper jack smothered beer battered cod with a honey mustard tarter sauce... NOM NOM NOM NOM
It's an activity book
omg I know!!! And did you see Andrews and Ryan Vlog yesterday?
we look forward to touring soon too!
tweet limit sucks ass.
I'm gonna make you an offer ya can't refuse.....
Trying to finish #Skyrim for me is like trying to get to the end of a Mobius strip. Not gonna happen.
#BackWhenIWasAKid I wanted to be a Power Ranger!
UGH, creepy ex-boyfriend Google ad. UGH.
interviewing piano players, if you play and read hit me up like Yesterday!!
dropping off car at shop..like i have $ to fix it now
"Hurry always empties a soul." - One Thousand Gifts - Ann Voskamp
hope you all had a wonderful day!
Where can I download the 10 or 12% coupon?? Do you guys still do that?
#Santorum: Only difference between fetus and u is time! God to Santorum: Only difference between u and a dead corpse is time.
thanks again for the mention. Peace
In the pub ready for the rugby! #come on Wales!
Nap, 2mile run and 30min Shred executed. The reward? Hot shower. Yes.
Thx & for another yr of great radio! Here's to 2012!
Smoking one cigarette a day increases the threat of heart attack by 63% and smoking 20 or more cigarettes a day more than quadruples it.
What's the plan for tonight? Im tempted to take a quick trip lol
Wait what is this show about? Personal lives of co-founders of ad agencies? Leave that to #MadMen. Give us creative & !
Good luck!! You'll do great.
SMH. I know!!!! Wish someone would just give me like 10000 to spend on camera stuff.
lol that pretty much speaks truth to my neighborhood.
Oops! I forgot to say goodmorning 2 hours ago :/ well, goodmorningg! :D
Love to all affected by the events of 9/11. Ten years ago today. In my thoughts and prayers forever.
Seems like ballplayers are dropping all over MLB. Injuries rampant.
Dumb and even dumber out here tryna race in traffic.
yo is ur school going to the colleg fair?
Soo the question is will we be able to walk tom?lol
I will use it you muppet! Get use to change :P x
Glad the toin coss on that award went the right way.
Singing my little heart out to Tegan and Sara
the Conservatory will be closed Thursday-Sunday for the holiday weekend - Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! <U+266B> <U+266B>
Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away ! :/
love that guy, did you see his face when he almost hit that home run last night?
We are SO close to having an accepted offer on the house!
yippee it's fridayfridayfridayfridayfridayfriday!
best sprite i've ever had
Yes we do!!! Things are good man! Have a lot to catch up on! I'm off on Monday evenings if you wanna kick it!
fat ass!
no problem. go steelers and
Please don't go to# LA without, meeting me in person ok Bobby Howard
Learning about new tools for digital history at #THATcamp session 1.
I'm not obsessed with it, I just don't really like reading, but I liked that series, I just hate how it's hated on by potter fans
Old retired guys should stay home instead of "helping" their spouses. The gals don't need help & that's their escape time..away from you...
U make me feel like I'm livin' a teenage dream:)
Thanks Stephanie! I'm glad to hear someone else out there appreciates beautiful libraries, especially Michigan ones.
#Creative #stuck? Try book #Unstuck get a Creative Whack Pack or peruse Thinkertoys. Jog your brain! Bail on the computer 4 2day
"Did you have asparagus last night?"
Only two more weeks until I touch down in the dale!
Does anyone have any knowledge regarding the former Open Philanthropy Exchange initiative to launch a philanthropy-focused XML language?
Few people have the light that carries with her.
I'll wear that one blue shirt I have with the ruffles I wore a couple weeks ago? That's similar kind of
haha yeah I don't know what made me put tallahassee
yes, still the same, but I'm not waiting for you. You're worse than a man, I tell you!
Looks great! Can't wait to dig in!
I hate school!!! :/ at least its Friday..
A few more hours & my anniversary weekend begins. Dinners, drinks, maybe Gallery Night. Really just looking forward to being w/ my husband.
Don't be disheartened by the upheaval that's in your life right now. Sometimes demolition has to occur before there can be renovation!
"Barbershop Punk" supports occupy! Believe in yourself,stay strong, push back.Hands up :) and even when it all sucks. you cheer-Pride!
My 3-year-old son's favorite song right now "the waiting room" by Genesis
I hate orchestra...
All rhymers, forget it, like Alzheimers...small-timers...I said it, I'm addressin all the drama!
Haha we used to get Trance… Perhaps you'll be revisiting that memory soon!
I'm going to the heat game tomorrow, and i really wanna meet him <3
lovin it! Especially love the weather LOL
Good Luck this weekend! I wish I could be in Coldville USA!
Win it 4 Christ!!
yeah i call that section "headphones and cold stares"
Great ending that was the best thing that could have happened
Im doing a little better & i already read itt (:
I love me some drum and bass..
next time you are in the city come by and say
Only 17% of women planned their first sexual encounter.
awesome! Do you write once a day or multiple times a day? Content is king right?
#celticschat Can we still make it to the playoffs??? I am wondering because i just came back from a camp out ;D
So does Montana in kareem Jamar...
continuing to kick butt! Way to go lady.
SPY's going to bottom out pretty soon here
so, to make it clear the winner needs to be a follower, and DM me the answer to the clues from my last tweets. #scavengerhunt #freebie GL!
It is interesting only in that it portrays PTSD-type flashbacks and delusional psychosis quite well.
Am plotting an amendment to the SAA constitution so I can serve one more year on Council with the stellar group of incoming members.
The guys won another and are now 4 - 2.
For having a barely part time job and not being in school anymore, I feel exceptionally busy still...
Sleep well fellow Gator! :)
We were glad to do it Nat. Let us know how the events turn out. Some video of an event would be good also.
A5: If you want to push social micro-conversions do it on the thank you page and track them as a goal/conversion
Yeah I still don't trust him, and his lame-o alibi. And now he has a gun in his desk?! Shady.
oh yes-it was horrendous-no power for 24 hours and trees down all over!
ah weird-- I just replied to your email-- could you do tomorrow at noon?
The Mexican is coming.out of me. Fucking Shakira
Add me pin:32E817B3
thanks for the RT!
Kite? Lol You coming Friday?!?RT : Higher Than A Motherfucker !
I felt like I deserved a medal- or at least a party- when I finished Anna Karenina
awhh!!! I MISS YOU TOO!! When will I see your face again?! And I think it was Rachel I think. Idkmybffjill
Beyond words.
RT : Here's all the information you need to #Vote4ChrisMann on
My girl says that I have no consideration for her sexual needs. Well, she can go fuck herself.
rallying with Daft Punk.
phoner? Is that like a nooner? Do you secretly run a 900 number business?!
Hey where can slide deck be found?
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "DANO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
We have plenty of shows coming up such as Orlando, Gainesville, and St. Pete! We have pre sale tickets for Orlando on 3/1 and St Pete on 3/4
Yes. Yes I like ice cream.
thank u!~
I-Team investigation reveals millions missing from San Diego's colleges...tonight at 5.
just another monday..... mondays suck.
Did you ever try to lasso cats? It's nearly impossible.
Thanks, that hard work pays off eventually :)
I forgot about BInge tonight! Oh I am rooting HARD for a 5-5 night. Reading Twitter will be so worth it.
They know ...
have you heard of the Alias game that came out a few years back?
Bodhi - We Change Lives in Chandler, AZ is now using the platform for electronic health records.
Question: How many of our fans are gamers?
Que lo Que EH!!!
NO HARM? Did you speak to my cardiologist??
Trucks are sexy.
Design Tip of the Day: A web designers accumulated knowledge is not free!
Girls who earn the Girl Scout Gold Award dedicate at least 80 hours to improving an issue in their community.
when r u comin to Florida vinny
Drinking game: take a shot every time Butch Vig calls something "mournful" during Classic Albums: Nirvana - Nevermind.
thank you for shedding light on breast cancer in young women!! Wanted you to know you made a difference!
We have another 9 wk eve class starting Aug 11, T&TH from 6-9pm! Lots of space so check out our website at www.tuckerschool.com!
Haha you have more rap skills in your pinky finger than I do in my entire body I bet.
yes. And it is damn delicious.
": She look good only on twitter...."She only look good in the virtual internet world
Any body see GAME CHANGE on HBO? I thought it was really good. Interesting to see the inside story. What did you think?
happy birthday, chica!! Talk soon.
GAB meeting now, discussing challenges from senators.
Drake-a-thon so far so good..
I was told working out gives you energy but instead I think it gave me narcolepsy
Drose and Ldeng get better soon. Go #Bulls!!!!
Both champs, right?
You're a teacher and book lover! Now that's my kind of gal.
overturning cars and setting them ablaze.
Daylight donuts time
hey my twitter ppl i just want to say i luv all my followers
o'course, but twitter doesn't seem to think you've changed it ;)
Extremely picturesque, Joann
Sad part of curatorial work - packing and returning the artwork. Going to LA for and
3/4/1793->B Bassett:I expect to be at Mount Vernon about the 1st week in April& will make a point of it..if public duties does not forbid it
How have I gone this long without hearing Balkan Beat Box?!? (And why do I like it so much?)
people piss me off i be ready to fight!!!
Well my day is starting out beautifully
My hands are at your throat and I think I hate you...
That was supposed to say "drunker". Autocorrect is weak.
A friend sent me a link... Sheesh, they could have asked and gotten a hi-res image dirt cheap. I mean, come on. Thieves suck.
Okay, I'm about to get all girly on you guys and play some Katy Perry.
Love Crow! Crow still terrifies. Will never forget first reading "God went on sleeping. Crow went on laughing." Thank you, Ted.
thanks for following
Perfect on my bracket today
Tim McGraw Beats...YES, PLEASE?
TGIF &THANK GOODNESS FOR THE SUN! Enjoy this beautiful day with a warm, juicy beef burger or one of our delectable veggie burgers! Opentil8!
Gaborik gets it!!
Have you signed up for our model search yet?? If you or anyone you know is having a baby in July and are interested or have any...
I was more worried I wouldn't be invited to join in with the #GenX compassion circle
whats wrong with lil juice juice
haha hi George! Man it's been ages! I was just around here..
Vivienne is the bestest friend ! Happy i tweeted ? :)
I'm at Dick's Den tonight on N. High St. In Columbus 10-2. Killer joint w/ a great hang! W/ Brett Burleson, Andy Woodson, & Max Button.
that doesnt look scary at all!
Just read your movement building piece on blog. Loved it! I'm your counterpart at can we chat? I'll buy!
ONE MONTH UNTIL THE CHICAGO ZINE FEST! RT if you're excited!
I hate to say I'm in love with a beer, but the 1811 Lager is awesome. Great packaging too!
ha--you should be proud!
RT : RT : Mark A, Boeing: Can cut airline carbon emissions 12% thru modern air traffic control; one of many measures...
Intelligent doesn't have to mean educated. And Creative doesn't have to mean talented. ~
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 2
Pool party at therese's house was fun :)
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
What a great #SuperBowl. #Pats lose and #Madonna crushed it.
True Is They Shuttin It Down.!
This has been fixed in Unify 1.3.11, so go ahead and update and let us know if you have any further trouble. Thanks!
Can't decide who I want to win
Being lead on to think there will be something more <
omg. im gunna kill <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Rant Sports is looking for a #DallasMavericks blogger, it's a paid position
Also, The Rake was a HORRIBLE story. Don't waste your time on that one either.
We do not know why doing in this world people do not get job and people need work for the family but that can get job looking
Ugh, fuck school and waking up early.
I'll take Kobe & the Lakers in the finals, but its OKC Thunder All the way
#PARTY-ON Going to be a blast. 4pm -? UC
You cannot teach the creativity that #Crosby showed on that goal. Laviolette doesn't have any more timeouts to use.
Amazing day with my teddybear.(: even though I was sick he made me better.(: I love him so much.(: happy four months babe.!!!(: <3(11/1 ...
I love writing, but when I write in the morning, it energizes me for the day. When I write at night, like I'm doing now, it wears me down.
Aww man when I'm out of town! RT : surprise of the day: baked goodies from Brooklyn, courtesy of erika !
HAU'OLI MAKAHIKI HOU to all of our followers!! Let's make 2012 our year!!!!
Shout out 2 they gitin me plays @ www.thorobreadentertainment.com free music to download g3t yours 2day
Man people that started following me forever ago, are starting to unfollow me. WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS?? D: lol
My wife and I took out life insurance policies on each other -- so now it's just a waiting game.
RT : I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name.
how hard is it to mind your own business? seriously, we aren't in high school anymore.
JD is a hitter & hitters hit. Young & in midst of a HORRID slump (robbed of a few in that span too). He'll get back to being JD!
I can't believe no colonial turkey made it to the finals
Don't worry about it, We just had a similar idea & I wasn't the first person to use the Seven Stages. Great minds think alike
Reminder to #Florida universities - the collegiate business plan competition is 5-10. Contact for info.
& nice high-5 in the e-news. nerds.
Oh the Madness! Hawaii Trip for winning brackets. Open at 9AM 14-15th $10 all-u-can-eat bfast buffet $10 pitchers BL
Omg that story was touching
So many superhero movies this summer, but NO Latinos representing? We wonder... what would a Latino superhero's special powers BE??
Thnx for having us participate in this weekend's Citizen Watchdog event!
I'll get mines, before you get yours
Watching gymnastics, dreaming of an ice cold margarita. Why don't they serve parents?
Hard to believe I have been using a web browser for over 18 years.
unfortunately we aren't able to expand our causes at this point, hopefully in the future though.
I hope you're having a blast!!!! Have a drink for me!
OK: I’m a grumpy old man. And I don’t know much about iOS nitty gritties, but can we at least have badge #’s decremented via push?
"Take Ten" is a go! We may be bringing on one more director. Life is about to get really busy!!!
Navigate #leadership with a compass of integrity.
Travel Deal: Wkd flights out of Cleveland, NYC, Philly, DC & more -- all $161 on United. Leave Fri or Sat, return Mon or Tues.
Thanks J :) RT : This #FF is brought to you by one of the most talented news reporters in the game - check out
About to hit with Bobby Floyd, The CCM Jazz Ensemble, and CCM's Chamber Choir! PCT, sold out show!
home bored thinkin bout gettin back together maybe
Congrats to you were turly amazing!!! Best of luck to you in your future!!
Well, I guess we know who will be the newest Colt Come April. It's a no brainier to take LUCK!!!
Oh, yeah, Diablo I comes out this week! That's right, almost forgot. I don't care.
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE
We need to have dinner then. This will be a VERY lonely month up here before I head down to NYC.
In 2001, there were 175 licensed #portland #foodcarts. Now, it's close to 700! Have a favorite #pdxfoodcart?
Rt : ESPN #MLB #Yankees option INF-OF Eduardo #Nunez to Triple-A, 1 day after he committed 2 errors playing 3B
just left the fair
What a spectacular day in Seattle. Must enjoy the outdoors.
you too!
most def missed twitter but im back in action lol happy to see my new followers #HOLLAH #lol oh yeah i
The bed is calling my name. Unfortunately, now that I'm over 50, we even seem to be able to finish each others sentences.
Do I really need to remind you all that Alf ate cats? HE ATE CATS! How is it that we still find him charming?
No worries...you conquered Algebra just fine :)
MOVING TO #DC #REDSKIN COUNTRY? MOVE IT MOVE IT, LIKE TO MOVE IT WITH WWW.RENTALSGONEWILD.COM
Silence is consent...#Lacey had better speak up and speak out now about closure of Fire Station 35 or its going to become permanent...
omg i just died at that lmaaao XD
Happy Halloween! 10% off all torker bikes! Deal is good through October 31!
Find out Michael's favorite flavor profile
'the de-nationalizing of urban space...'
Love it, although Eddie played in 1996 with a realistic bird.
Compatibility will likely be a problem for millions of customers...
But then I'd have to actually go to Klout!
firing up conference room computer for meeting, it said 'no input signal-going to sleep' ah yes, i felt JUST like that after lunch yesterday
Those are beautiful. Once you get started, right? :)
have you guys ever thought about declaring bankruptcy?
gangster right here but no for real this girl has strong shin muscles if that means anything
ah I understand...I feel it's bad luck if I tell people...
On the metro on my way to Magnetic Fields! yay!
And just like that, I have spent the last 58 minutes tweeting about tweeting.
I get a free I phone because mine cracks in an otter box!!!!!
CST is also available as individual #modules to analyze functional areas & improve systems & output
isn't that the truth!
60 min till auditions from galveston Texas. Tunnel into fox for a great night.
Goodmorning!! Didnt go to school on my way to the doctor cus of my eye :/
Volunteers needed for the Stamp Out Hunger May 12th Food Drive. Call 505.349.8825 to volunteer!
Best tweeting tonight at #provercoffee by . Want to know what was said? Read her tweets!
Great book is Programming Collective Intelligence, and a great open source toolset is the Apache Mahout project.
Its the candy show were putting it on the school website its going to be funny :-)
Where the eff is my order
Bleh , trying to braid .
Girls it's funny, when you hit 17 and 11 mths all the older guys find your jokes a little more funnier and you a lot more interesting
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Easter. He is risen!
You're welcome. :)
I dislike everyone
Nice! "Levi's, already proven popular in France, will open a three-story flagship on the Avenue des Champs-Elysées in #Paris this week."
Wo0t! #smclt and cocktails here I come!
Speaking of #FoodNews will be on tomorrow
I'm a screenwriter and I need an agent. Do you want to rep me?
Wait until you see what is wearing in a few minutes! Hint hint: it's #NFL draft day!!!
mine said "how did you know I was awake?" when I called.
Goodluck husband<3 you'll do great! #TeamJaymie all the way you'll make it! If I was there is be ur personal cheerleader(x <3
Coming tomorrow in Work It: What people hate the most about meetings, and how to fix them.
Just Got In Hell <U+2639>
Wishing I was on the set of Alcatraz today!! Aw man!! :(
That awesome moment when your stomach decides to have its own thunder storm in the middle of your class taking a test -__-
Good luck! RT : Filming a segment tom for Animal Planet-Underdog to Wonderdog- I volunteer for a dog rescue group and am ...
Don't we all desire luxe, lovely lashes? Try 's new Cry Baby, a semi-permanent mascara that lasts two weeks! Ooh la lashes!
I spy with my very own eye a cute Mexican guy at fresh and easy with long hair :)
Damn #kevinlove putting up #videogame stats tonight. 30/30 in one game that's crazy!
#NAMETUESDAY AND HTTP://www.resortbailout will keep our #cybermonday #deals going all week long
I've taught you and a lot of things, hahaha.
I think that might make it worse, no? It's too hard, so let someone else do it...
We got you covered with the latest news as soon as it breaks on Westview Dr.
Who r u)
Hooray! How far do you deliver..meaning would you deliver to Dupont?
Preparing to teach a class to 18 6 year-olds this afternoon. Despite teaching grad school for 10 years, I am terrified!
Boomerang lost my product key, says my trial is over. Help!
hulk iron man 1and 2 Thor then captain america
I am in some serious pain.-.
You would think the widows & survivors solution presented to the owners by is a no brainer 2 support by other groups
Let's get those follows up you guys, tweet to your friends to follow Goodbye Blue Skies!
Hi!! I miss yaa. Do you have betos # hehehe I'm gonna spam him
The night before the #Brewers opener is more exciting than Christmas Eve. Can't wait to get my tailgating on.
Glad to hear it Darcy!
And honestly...if you weren't at the conference...or the Showcases...you missed out. Big time.
Go Pro
Cody Holyoke was with signature checking volunteers in Waukesha last night. Is that where you're headed?
Get excited - Our #SwapDay event is ON for January 22 at The Beach House in Mandeville! Many thanks to Alice and her team for all the help!
howdy! How are ya?
Good Morning Beautiful People,How Yall Doing?
If you dont have anything nice to say, dont say it at all or you will be banned
ClevelandClinic Dr. Mike Roizen talks about cutting costs in healthcare through wellness initiatives
": I didn't find James Bond in London... spy/assassin skills training will have to wait..." hahaha stick to yo dayjob
Maybe Brendan Eich is on to something...
death by bacon and waffles ain't so bad
Choice Hotels Promotes Stephanie Lykins to Vice President, Talent Development
Too much going on on the homepage. Content written at a college level. Q1
Wtg Bethlehem, PA! Gas is $3.49! Also, I managed to route to DC from CT spending only $1.95 for tolls and 6 1/2 hours to drive. Awesome!
LOL. this guy should be a cartoon character.
I am counting on your participation to assist in moving Ward 5 and DC forward!
You leave my Jerusalem Cruisers alone! RT : Jesus sandles have never been cool. Not for over 2000 years.
Welcome British Pundit!
Dage said earlier that he was the Drone who sprayed the camera, so I'm sure he knows about Nulgath's betrayal.
Since 1973 when the Boss bought the #Yankees they are 22-14 on 5/1
Grilling with
Really #idol - wasn't that good...actually...he sucked. The judges are clueless
#thatawakardmoment when you take your bestfriend back to her old work and she hides in the car.
And here we are again de ja vu
Good Morning!!! Time to get the day started!! Let's Go!!!
It's just that a real sub would never address a domme that way. I certainly wouldn't.
I told Lisa I wanted one but didn't know there was an official waiting list. Guess I should email!
Agreed! ShakeO def changed my opinion though bc recipe options are endless. Good luck w BBL! Look forward to updates!
Awake! UGH! What's on TV at this hour?
RT : Hey have i mentioned I love my job!!!! // so glad it has worked out well!
Is it funny or dated and lame to hang my signed Showgirls movie poster in my office?
I need to tweet more. I hate when I just retweet . :S
Find Juilliard Jazz on foursquare on your mobile device and check out the new special that has been announced!
Such shitty weather today
I dug that one.
Out of work for 13 days due to surgery.
Time to consider The Market Street Run. IBX "crosses" the city, etc. Sat before Broad Street.
#ThingsYouMightSayInAChildren'sMovie "I... WANT... THE COOKIE!!!!!!"
I take some pleasure in knowing your bed is just as empty.
Audience: what is meant by real world
right on "Global Challenges need Entrepreneurial Solutions" read his book!
About my money like Mr. Krabs
They say don't cry over spilt milk but it just spilled all over my drawings. .. im so upset
We will be starting giveaways soon for our followers!!!! Who wants to win an ipad2 ? RT and Follow!
The music you listen to is a collaboration of who YOU are.
that crazy guy who hosts it scares me even more lol
u gonna bring my money
Wild Rice paired with butternut squash-a winning combination
Only 1 more week until Menopause the Musical. Don’t miss the performance that will have you dancing in the aisles!
New Jersey just took over this game and made my night
I need your Help right now ! I can't follow anymore because I need more followers ! PLZ Help me ! Tell to your followers to follow me PLZ !
pffft, she wouldn't do that. She loves me too much <3
What is the best soccer league in the world?
Flight delayed. Imagine that. C'mon I'm gonna miss my connection.
As a tiger fan , have you forgiven delmon young?
I'm trying to find a Baltimore Bandits jersey, can I get a retweet, in case any of your followers can help? Thanks!
the police usually just taze me.
You have a sick twisted mind, do you wanna be my friend?
Insanely gorgeous orange perfectly round moon in Ohio right now. There is a higher power - but c'mon, you don't really believe these fables.
Per Procurationem => By Proxy or Deputy
Parents arguing about salad at a restaurant tonight. Good times.
I have a fun story about that class for you. If you guys ever want to meet up again for coffee just let me know
Hey we cannot wait to see Part of Me the Movie in 3D
my friend has a private jet and yacht...and im just chillin with my bike
heading down to the shortly... who is down there waiting in line already? I know our are there...
Jim Hoffa, General President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters will be visiting the Reuther Library today.
#Unchurched weekend is here.
If I learned one thing from it was "just have the best"
you light up my world; yeah your a star<3
Inspired by the great turnout and incredible message at #walkforchoice today! Great job, Chicago!
oh Hell Yeah
that game is this Sat right. The Hobby Globetrotters vs. Channel 2
Leave me and I kill you so we'll be together forever! (Insider between me and Sydney!)issues!
Districts for track at Putnam:D #Whooah(:
Still shopping? Botanica has great stocking stuffers, gift cards & memberships are always nice too! Open til 9pm tonight!...
NBA Fines Mavs Guard for 'Wet Willy' The NBA fined Mavericks shooting guard Delonte West $25,000 Wednesday for giving Jazz guard Gordon H
Everyone have a blessed Friday
What do you think of Josh? :o
Regardless of Idiots "out there" FLOTUS has TREMENDOUS gravitas among poor & disadvantaged where pregnancy rates are HIGH!
im sorry OK!!!
i've been playing for about 8 months now. Started to play after my major accident and cant put it down.
playing around with Thinking Sphinx. Great ride so far.
Pretty awesome stuff. Thanks for sharing.
Amen Girl!
Nice talking to you !
Wine and convo with
lob city getting killed by fundamentals
dude, don't discriminate ;)
surprised I was wearing pants, maybe.
RT : ???? introduced me to Fellinis pizza like a year ago// Awww thanks lol
Peaceful solidarity with Oakland.
Authors biggest factor in making agile publishing model work
Im like in love with my dress :D
I agree RT : We believe in #SXSW serendipity. The accidental interactions we have here always meant more than panels & parties
Very excited for New Year's Eve at ! Got a reservation, phew...Dinner, drinks, and good friends? Can't wait!
I mean it really is nice out
Libraries are doing great things on mobile web, no apps needed. Easy access, no commitment.
Rainy day in Florida, but still managed to have a good day.
Never wanted to be in England more than I do when I read your concert updates! Feel better!
That still works -- just let me know where and what time, and I'll be there!
True test: was there a reference interview? "Could you tell me a little more about what you need at the library?"
Join us Friday for Hopkins: A World inside a City @ Turner Auditorium. Lauri Reamer, MD, an anesthesiologist, will share her story.
You are too sweet! Thank you for that great post. I promise answers to your really provocative interview questions soon.
Hope 2012 will be a good year :) !!
3 more hours till Spring! I want to the off all my cloths and run down Madison Avenue singing Spring-Time in New York
were stoked too man :)
Hopefully I can stay up for it!
Halftime over; breaking out the chips and dip.
RT Romeo is AWESOME!
haha yeah I don't think it is either. His song "the baddest" is also pretty good. Got a nice boogie hanging out of his nose.
haha cool, where you from?
Blue Monday. No more spring break.
So happy to be spending this 4th of July in the USA!!!
Late night edition #FF:
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
ah i miss my friendss :/
Very happy not to be getting 'An error as occurred' error message on every embedded YouTube video. Thanks G!
it's about as clever as I feel right now being trapped inside at work with gorgeous weather outside. But proud of WHU for big win
"people look busy, but they want to tell you their stories." jan chipchase of Frog
In honor of the #Masters, I'm enjoying a nice John Daly.
That screen in the hall in the Engineering building that says "Let it snow" is relevant again.
Sunday Night TV without The Good Wife is like an amazing dinner without dessert.
Let them judge from afar
wow. Even more random lol. So what are you doing this weekend? Aside from playing your accordion, obviously.
I didn't know you had season tix! No I'm not going...I wish I was though. Big game! Have fun
I love that you're giving a voice to an hitherto unnamed phenomenon which is all around us. Collop pride!
Date: Sunday Place: HYATT Time:9-11am What: Power of Multicul. Exhibits featuring Haiti after the Earthquake and Textile Mus.
my forehead looks huge in my icon lololol
JVR looks as shocked as I am
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
It's official...I'm now a licensed driver in California! That test was really hard!
Halftime show. Strong production. She can still move like Jagger
41% polled viewers agree with UNM's decision to hire Bob Davie, what do you think? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
That Keche && Andrea Fight Doe'
Jamie Dixon is totally going to be a full-on, stone cold silver fox some day soon.
RT : Use #43rddems as twitter tag. Spread the word! (via )
I had oomfs moaning real loud lol
wokr work work work work!
because they're extinct?
#RIP Maurice Sendak
i cant wait to see my doll when he comes back home to #NYC .. I miss our stealin guacamole nights :/
happy mothers day to my nigga who's steadily grinding and providing.
according to Twitter: OMG! HOLY CRAP! *SOB FEST*
I support not stan...aren't you to old to be sittin around stanning ur damn self #GROWUP its time!
u already kno
Doesnt even phase me, keep trying
I'm going to give you a country #banger lol lee Brice- beer
“: Happy Mothers Day to some of my favorite moms on Twitter ”/ty
RT : The Promise of #CommunityAction is we make America a better place to live.
come get these puppies....and no $50 is out of the Question!
If I could id be in a relationship with myself, id be tapping this all the time !
": A plane is flying to Durham from Denver. Peyton Manning is in Durham. Broncos coming from Denver.". Last pitch? Or done deal
i'm starting to feel like the girl in my song Dear Child right now...minus the last two chorus' & the last two pre-chorus' ...
MERRY CHRISTMAS! <333
thank you sir!! Feels good :)
Do you know Billy Vera has a new album coming out in the summer?
Nope, not at all... Besides, I'm already high on your music!
Sorry to hear, but glad all is OK.. Let me know if you need anything
It's Friday night!!!! What are you guys getting down too?
I think they are already committed to at least one more season. Otherwise, yeah I'd say cancel it.
90 minutes until takes the national stage!!! #BMORE take pride!!!!
let's think of something
Can't wait to c bgc who win tonight? nikki or wilma
I keep a very positive attitude but I'm also a realist.
he's gonna get burned too
Ladies if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back, MARRY HIM!
Hell yea GQ
My phone battery is dead! Go to for pictures.
If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level. - Rita Dove
Hi, my name's Marissa and I enjoy getting my heart ripped off of my sleeve and stomped on by numerous guys. :)
Happy birthday sir charles. I love you
Thanks for this event! Great to meet the local community! Great ideas too!
Reject the people who always look for ways to tell you that you cant do something rather than helping you find a way to actually do it.
I think it works well with the water stained coffee table.
I think should pick me up a McGriddle and make two wishes come true.
Thank You God for blessing us with another beautiful day... I'm so grateful for it....
Someone just ate the top off a choc chip muffin....oh that was me.
You're hearing it first! We have bought a fantastic new building - we're moving. Official announcement will be released on 5/15/09.
The World is Dieing,
dude those bubbles made me sick
Oh yeah - that is one of my favorites! RT : Agreed. I love "Gold on the Ceiling."
Brothel sisters on the loose
RT“: If you're taking a #Leo out to eat for a date, don't even think about fast food. #fail”
Love watching #friends at night alone while all are sleeping
Watermelons and picturesque Scarface floor rugs for sale HERE!
I heard the Bobcats were looking for someone RT : No surprise Isiah Thomas is out at FIU. He wants back in NBA.
Go GIANTS!
I was talking about y'all
What am I learning in Linguistic Science today? How bees dance to communicate with eachother. Imagine humans doing the same!
Thanks Tommy - wish you were here ;-) great conference this year!
• Well that's something anyway. <U+30C4> I just get so tired of the world & how people treat each other. I just want to watch baseball.
If driving in #Bellevue today, be careful of icy road conditions
My students are so engaged they don't even know I'm in the room.
and the second part was: 'paint me your nose so i can breathe your air. paint me your lips so i can kiss them' ;)
Where the food at
RT!!!!!!": All I need is one really good friend. Not a thousand fake ones."
Heading to good ol' Valpo.
“: Just bought my tickets for the ! Can't wait. Maybe I'll finally get to see win in person!” See you soon!
Family activities in the art museum: looking is more popular among families than playing.
you are a good man Mark. Kevin will be thrilled. Can't wait to see you.
You know shit just got real when your parents call you by your whole name."
Ahh jeez. That's brutal. I'm sorry.
Y erbody i meet new say wuz u born in memhis cuz u dnt rap lik it....so is dat good or bad??? Got my owb style no duplications
YES! Sexy for summer...
All about that Firefox
Goodmorning my ray of sunshine on a cloudy day. #Tired :P
rather than redress probs, R ldrs 'Sadism in search of a story' gives someone 2 blame. Not enuf 2 B spectator or critic, must take action
Wow!!! Do NOT miss the opening of the services this Sunday!!! Let's just say you will experience something UNBELIEVABLE !!!
kk i understand
your voice is literally perfection. no flaws whatsoever. i cannot wait til
RT : FINALLY, back in the kitchen. Making a garlic tomato sauce with some of the extra tomatoes leftover from canning.
There is a dude passed out and handcuffed in front of the copier I need. I wonder if I can step over him.
Props to Fosters The People. They killed it on that Beach Boys tribute.
your roomies are sneaky.
:) RT : Just set my 82 year old dad up w/ a Pretty awesome.
Build the team around Rondo.. Why is he in trade talk. Trading Rondo brings us back to square 1
thank you for being such a committed performer and talented dancer! Enjoyed every minute of this weekend!! U r awesome! :)
My other twitter account is being stupid so i'm gonna use this one! (: -Jesseca
Doctoring on my computer then getting needed programs.
who got a tikl walkie talkie
thanks! Happy Aloha Friday to you! :)
.: patent debate isn't binary, unlike lots of big political debates.
was reading: "He admired the rise of the clerk's breast as she bent over to make change. It then dawned upon him he hadn't seen a woman ...
Coffee in travel mug .. Im not doing my makeup today. Hopefully I dont scare too many people lol check ya later
yup july 17th, but they're re-recording Michael's vocals.
I went to the rec center today only to hear black & yellow on the radio. I improvised and sang
RT : Thank you for the RT, as always. You're welcome! BizEngine always posts good info!
Woot Woot!! Hope ya like it!! Oh, and what name do you like best for the male lead...Carter, Nathan, or Tucker?
Watching up in the air, up in the air.
Thanks for sharing this. At some point, I want to interview you for my TCW mag "Getting Social" blog.
You are bringing it lady!
We are excited to announce the 2nd ever SBC Challenge in only 2 days! Stay tuned for the contest on May 1st
anytime for a fellow Pittsburgher!
curious how your g+ office hours hangouts turnout. thinking about library applications for this too...
The Guy Who Brought Whiskey to Japan &amp; Entrepreneurial Haiku
;) THANKS FOR FOLLING ME BABY
16 campers, can invite 7th-12th.. They must be flexible with dates as we have over 140 camps on our schedule
thanks and alrightttyy(:
Nippy from the block. Cover up please
Don't forget to get your Terrible People fix today. Episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
have a good show, can't wait to see you again in Idaho
Interactive media/film is 2-way communication.
When I'm alone and I start thinking. I think about EVERYTHING and then it messes my head up.
Happy St Patricks day U are my good luck Shamrock 2 day and always I pray the luck of the Irish continues to rain down on u !
ok girl....maybe I wouldnt ..but you gotta admit I would know if you told me here. Im pretty good about staying in touch :/
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed. Check out the 2011 Vault soon for something totally different 8-).
Did anybody catch any good photos of the awesome sunset we had tonight?!
no they wont shut facebook...bcos many ppl use facebook for flirting
I'm still awake... Just.
Follow back please <U+E057> would mean alot <U+E328>
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Today! Today! Today! Today! Today! let's rock it out!!!
I feel guilty for following on Twitter because my mom had such a big crush on back in the day.
Alcohol - the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. ~ Homer Simpson
& you was just a swagg
- you have to get it out! You'll feel much better after some serious venting
OK! Give your videophone number!
Santa claus is following meh, ! ;D this just made my day, !
All those horrible rumors about me on the internets are true. Just so you know.
I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Gonna be hard to continue to use the iphone and be happy with iOS 4 now that I know what will be coming in #iOS5...Good thing Im jailbroken!
Helping Abused and Neglected Children Gives me the Utmost in Purpose and the Reason for Life and Living...Help us...help them "Barefoot'in..
Congratulations, Scott!
#ESEA passes out of committee!!!
#PCA I love Ellen I would go lesbian if she was on the market
Why is Schimming talking about a non partisan race?
Working w/ New Era right now, takes time to make tho RT : I can't wait for it Mike! There going to be new hats?
Oh cool! Thank you. That would be awesome!
I followed them;)!
Heading out to in a few minutes for MJ thriller dance. Hosted by
do u think u can just lie to me and it will be ok..
Buy a #Valentine's Box and proceeds benefit the 2nd Harvest food Bank!
#fb not actin retarded for once...now I can actually add people again
hobson went later than expected for me too but at 37 the bucks won't go wrong. although the bucks have sf delfino, magette, & CDR.
HELLO MY LOVE
Cannot wait for the William+Kate: One Year Later special tonight on TLC! cc
Not better, but it'd be quite a pairing. I'd spend most of my time criticizing the early 90s Knicks.
One time for me & my sistahs of #PphiH we some phi ass females dat cn blow it down
Mo's for dinner downtown with my old boss. This meal was delicious!
REMEMBER UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE we may be in the running this year again!
'If she’s amazing,she wont be easy If she’s easy,she wont be amazing If she’s worth it,You wont give up If you give up,you’re not worth it'
"Good blow this is"
didn't wanna interrupt ur speech
I love Nigerians!!!!!
Looking for jazz on the Eastside? Try now open in downtown Bellevue. Great upcoming line ups
do u know them?
to stop them from killing, raping and plundering the people of the DRC. Search YouTube for mining DRC, you will cry.
Which American declared "I am going to democratize the automobile. When I'm through, everybody will be able to afford one."
Received a 'We Miss You, 25% off' email from What do I need?! Cant let it go to waste!
these birds be out here like they humans or something
music ,music
Skype with Ms. !
Maria LaCalle's case study of archives into DAM is the best I've seen on the process of converting trad. archives into digital.
Working on my application. Made sure to include "I want to explore the intersection of. . ."
Great folks
all day i've been thinking it's wednesday already.
Mazel tov! RT : I am pregnant with a burrito baby.
I am so happy right now! Kal hakavod President Obama!
So...who wants to start a variety club with me? With Burlesque, side show, drag, all the fun stuff!
What happened to ?! I still had a month left in my subscription and hadn't gotten thru all the vids. Help please?
.. And I of course have no pics because I went with 1 camera & 2 dead batteries
Thanks. Will do
Your faith in GOD should be stronger than the doubt you have in yourself!
Thanks goes out to Governor Quinn, Mayor Morrissey & Rockford City, Winnebago County for their support and Wanxiang America for hosting!
Watching high flyers on wweondemand. RVD vs Jerry Lynn for the hardcore title. From Sunday night heat, I think it was from 2001.
so is it ok to have a class with ZERO talking but you can tweet your brains out?
Today is the day I get to see the new Lmu Salon location! Can't wait!!
I think Cascade should be trending, that is one of the best high school pranks I have seen.
Can someone tell me why I can't follow no one it keep sayin forbidden
also i'll mention that I appreciate 2days unofficial theme @ bayshore as "dirty strippers bring yo kids 2 the mall" - family time=important
Faith > Fear
Good start to the morning, reuniting with and from our days! :)
"Coast to Coast" exhibition closing soon! Stop by before the end of February to see Carol Lopatin's large paintings!
I'm a " Hood General " ! What about YOU ?
So glad my God open my eyes . He made me wiser he's alright. :-)
LOL...I wish I could use that as an excuse. The buttons are too small for my thumbs. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Thanking you for wanting to "like" my tweet. The fact that I can sit and talk to my hubby for hours is awesome. ;-)
Shouting out Mark (N.I.Beats) on the assist for the" CBS SPORTS" placement. Thx Bro
The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid? Psalm 27:1
#indians let's get #WINDIANS trending.
At #GCHarvard, Alcoa CEO said, "Facts matter." With all the facts, 99% of the people will agree. What about mindsets? Do they play a role?
who is this boyfriend you refer to? Any new boys must be properly vested before getting the coveted title of boyfriend
#twitter is better than #facebook :p
Christmas in New York on 3/4" tape from this week for the American Archive Inventory. 144 shopping days left!
hey blame kittens. It's their fault! Boston loves me so much I've been on the cover of the Phoenix.
Way to go Ny Rangers!!!
more like epic summer! I'm going to date you so hard :)
hey thanks for the add! Please please check us on facebook, and tell us what u think!
six months gone, i'm still reaching even though, i know you're not there;
YAY! I have faith in you so I'm sending calming thoughts your way. Congrats, hon!
Want to be on field? Bid on the package to help now: 1-888-579-4950
Oh yes. xD Extremely.
Try our oh so tasty Mushroom Brie Bisque or delicious Tomato Florentine. All our soups are served with a garlic mini loaf.
awe thanks girl !!! Me to ! Love you <333
Are you coming to Chicago soon?
I do that all the time
Good morning! We are a beauty-bar boutique that specializes in natural beautycare.Plz #supportstartups and follow us! THX!
my sister loves you and my grandma described you as "an actor whose impact is bigger than he knows" how do you feel about that?
Tune in to www.electrolouis.com from 6-8pm for PROPER THURSDAYS presented by DOUBLE HELIX!! Starts at 6PM on 6-11-09!!
haha no just my belly pierced
Of course, my point exactly. Happy to see poet activists in the news.
Good Morning World!!!!!!!! God has blessed us with another Friday. Enjoy today and have a safe Labor Day Weekend!!!!
other viewing option is LOTR: Two Towers. Dakota could definitely take on a bunch of orcs.
Working on some big headliners for March 2012. We can't wait to make these announcements!!!
LOL RT : Jetsam is so underrated. I blame East Coast sports writers.
As long as you`ve got passion, faith and are willing to work hard, you can do anything you want in this life.
There has been at least one serious car crash every single day this week in Wichita. Somehow not really surprised.
thanks John! Take care of yourself “: hey chaiky, good luck with the move! Here's comes Motown!”
Last time I had sex, just before the I climaxed I shouted, "WHERE DO YOU WANT IT?!" She answered, "PUERTO VALLARTA!" ...Lmao
#IfIhadonewish I would want us to last forever<3
thank you for spreading the word - I appreciate it. See you tomorrow! :)
when is the next time that we'll actually be f2f at the same event?
Let's Go Bucks!!
Judging with & at MBA's 5th Annual Talent show. Go #Youth! Good luck to everyone tonight!!
Oh My God, what if we tell people we paid for the Mariachi!
So, the weekend is the new "just more days of the work week," huh?
i look mentally retarded
The lockout is putting a lot of hoop events/tours on hold as investors & players can't commit w/out knowing when season will start
My 78 yr old mother says we can't possibly have a pres named Mitt short for "Mitten" Now THAT made me laugh out loud.
#TigersWinGame2 - Tigers weather New York, return home even. Or "avoid slipping to 0-2..."
I rather like "mattock" which doubles-up as a term of abuse :)
Will be Performing on Disney Magic cruise ship :)
jenelle on teen mom poor excuse for a mother
As an Orioles fan, I'm going to take a nap. :)
Summer ICA applications are due on Friday! Bring them into OIS!
stupid lol pay attention!
You're going to see the movie. Aren't you?
My friends are life savers<3
So glad my friends are succeeding in music!!!!
Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business
cool. Haha. I didn't know grace liked manga. Cool
Thanks for the RT! Keep in touch!
Chilis for dinner. Thanks Honey!
thanks for the new tunes!!! At last!!
Have ya'll checked out yet?
sweet jesus here comes the anger. MAZZY STAR blows! Except for a few headliners there is a lot of amateur musicianship on all 3 stages.
DAILY POKER TIP: Make sure your poker bankroll is separate from your daily living roll. Poker money should never be needed to pay a bill.
why are you still staring at my stock
No one understands a role better than Our Hero. You should know that.
CNBC: Social Security insolvency pushed up a year to 2036 and US Medicare insolvency expected by 2024. Every man for himself, apparently
mind games <
There is so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you gotta do is turn around and say "watch me."
tell me youve got a finger up someone booty. And you r eating slushies.
HOLY SHIT!! #BELIEVEtour comes out this month!!!!!! Ah can't believe it's finally here :) I'll be meeting you this time <3
Happy Valentines Day to All.....
Feels awesome to have my phone reset. Kinda like that feeling after u shower after it spring cleaning ya know?
Saw another spider today, screamed like a girl, then had to change my panties
Great day of football but I personally can't wait to see the Ravens dominate next weekend! Purple Friday every day this week!
Live out of your imagination, not your history. ~Stephen Covey
S/o and all the true indie artist who working hard
RT #Leaders become great, not because of their power, but because of their ability to empower others -John Maxwell
thank you for the mention Emily. Appreciated it.
My feet are sallow and bruised .
Help trend #BecauseOfAustin because Mahomies can control the TT's :)
Not at all. If you're going to talk about wasted money, the wars are the biggest offenders. That's a fact.
We'll keep our fingers crossed.
you haven't been through that many security checkpoints! Staring at you is what passes for flirting by the TSA.
“Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.” Zig Ziglar
We sent you a direct message.
How was the movie yesterday?
Hu Honua members went down to Hakalau to clean up left over metal from the mill. We're happy to keep our children safe and our beaches clean
Rhi. Turn it off. Turn it off now. Or drink some wine.
I'm going to venture a guess that Davey Nelson had nothing to do with Ishikawa's catch.
thats pretty cheep
If you bring a friend we'll do your taxes FREE and we'll give your friend or family member 25% OFF.
Whenever I come here the elderly ppl always stare at me... And I have to explain I'm a dancer and have to take care of my feet.
Dollar Bin Legacy
Tough loss for the #Flyers last night, but that's the way playoff hockey can go sometimes -- still feeling good about the series though.
Can't imagine how different #Perugia must be since I was there 7 years ago. Anxiously awaiting the #AmandaKnox decision.
On my 6th coffee today. This does not bode well....
Yes...I will be definitely drinking during the upcoming 7 p.m. game.
thanks Rob
I use kindle on the PC (amazon kindle for pc)
Thank YOU for doing the story. Please let us know if/when the ashes are found so we can update. Thanks!
I can't see that emoji thing #teamandroid -___-
Thank you!
Oh no! I was thinking as I packed this morning "if I lose my luggage, I'm done for." Hope it works out!
Blind submission threatens the survival of the free man.
ATTN: Project-Captured OFFICIAL LAUNCH PARTY guests. Did any ladies lose a rigid silver ring at the event!? Let us know!
I am still angry fourteen years later that my generation allowed "Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)" to happen
i wanna be part of the family. my name is renae. =)
Headed home from the show... On one!!!
your show tonight was a great mix of joy & face melting & flashybluelights - thank you! Sorry about the Seattle weather!
I finish #Soccer for the month of April 57-27 68% as I swept the board today with #Sporting and #Rosario both winning. Get on the list
#youknowyourespecialif I miss Younow to hang out with you!(; Verryy special!
Bad news for me and other stars mix games grinders, Alex L (biatchpeople) finally got his account reinstated.
super funny
The taiko drumming show at the Meyerhoff is like Cirque cranked up to 10.
Sup -B
i got a feeling in my funny bone that we are not the same just antonyms of a different age;
RT if you want a virtual Christmas Card from me! <U+2665>
BET just needs to go ahead & let The Game go. That show is dying a very slow death & ain't no saving it.
"What's a weekend?"
They also suck all of your good energy away. Good tip!
epic things just happened in my kitchen tonight.. epic. tbc tomorrow ;)
The customers have moved on without us. Via
Love to know how to recession proof by business
With realizing I might be dyslexic. Would be sad but Theo got through it.
i'll try my best, thanks for the advice (:
It's nice to see Sean Young's name in the papers again.
#ThingsThatINeed I NEED YA GIRLS TO GET YA SHIT TOGETHER YA DNT NEED A MAN TO DO FOR U
Thanks for helping PACE with their event! You guys are so awesome! I'll be donating a dress for next time.
nice to meet you! What's up?
No snow!!!
good luck!! <3
wyd this weekend
I wish I had a friend like that.
Shut the hell up
I'm Groovy
"I thought it was in!"
Wonders if this grey skirt, embroidered Icelandic cardigan and leather riding boots make me look too much like a reindeer herder?
our website is being revamped. now is the time to invite all your friends to join our page. good things are starting!!!
Bow wow wow yippie yo, yippie yay. I'm in pain, but I'll soon feel OK. Listenin' to my fav DJ, as I run laps around the cafe. Yippie yay!
LOVE that too!
Thank you for the RT!
Sending out a Big Fat Thank You 2 the Twitterverse 4 helping us exceed our goal! We did it with your help! So happy! Can't thank you enough!
You look awesome! Lol (Well, If I could see!) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
im addicted
Songs by Dudes old band on myspace- Cape Coral Sundogs No video though, coming soon
oh good! its like every show i watch!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
": m not Lil ms no meat"/yup now she is team
#LoveBites was surprisingly cute and full of heart was cute, funny and charming as always & JLH made the perfect guest star!
feeling like.... -____-
Thanks for the #FF, Brian! Have a great weekend! Go CATS!
#NSMN panel: #NFL player endorsement deals have lockout and "tolling" provisions
I hate when the guy you like finally texts you, then doesn't reply after that one message. #likeWTF?
OH: #Newt reminds me of the weird friends who would randomly show up at my father's parties.
February 28th is my birthday!
yeah! My first time in Minneapolis. I've got some free time if you wanna get together for coffee or something.
22 points in a half...go home
Do this California Golden Bears
the boys & girls in the clique, the awful names that they stick, you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
Yeah, authorities aren't so hopeful right now...things are looking really bad. My other fear is that we never find her.
Great rehearsal tonight! Still working on lyrics for our new song, "The Scarecrow", but it's rockin' so far. Should be done this week!
I'm using both RT : I've had horrible lag issues with tweet deck for the last month #socialchat #hostsmackdown :(
My hair is an important form of self-expression--all the time. I like simple and chemical free.
omg thank you so much for following me i<U+E328>u
Earthquake weather anyone?
what's up u should. D following
Going to Oklahoma. I'm starving and tired.
Yes, I grew up in Connecticut. No, I could not be less excited for a Giants/Patriots Super Bowl.
I feel terrible. -____-'
Contrary to what you might believe from recent mentions, I am not an Australian pastor speaking at a church in NC this weekend.
Wish I was different sometimes
and I were going to hang out and be bros. Now we can't because Kansas.
Ro 15:13 says He will do this "AS you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope..." Not emotion.I pray He will.GRACE!
I manually clear my cache and delete temporary files from time to time. That helps too usually.
RT : A&Rs ain't in the streets. I'm forced to follow them on Twitter.
Ya know how the Boyz “have” to stay in California for another day? What if they surprised us & showed up at the VMA’s!!
I am a terrible, terrible person.
oh, what would a day be without installing an update from Adobe?
thanks for sharing the article!
I will be so happy if the Lakers win :D
Benzo, batman, Big hoe, butt pads. Ass so flat she need sum butt pads
"Failure is not final." -- Aaron Bryant ()
Ever feel so overwhelmed that you get stuck moving forward? Walk away, clear your head, close your eyes, and breathe.
FRUIT SNACKS !
Frank ocean >>>>
Kim Jung Peep?
#dealbreaker RT I'm a fan of good dental hygiene.
its about 70° right now, cloudy, beautiful day
Looking for a buyer position in the Northwest
Standard will call you to embrace this, and abandon that.
Farmer's Market February 02, 2011 4:00 pm - 8:00 pm Location Ocean Beach (4900 block of Newport Avenue between Bacon St. & Cable St.)
Congrats! Love your products & proud to be a reseller :)
Is higher education tuition and loans the next bubble to burst? Student Loan debt has exceeded $1 trillion. Tuition is through the roof too!
#oii10 anecdote1: : for scholars who don't know what Justin Bieber looks like, just look at
Joss's episode of Glee was the first in a long tme where the characters felt like real people. Not sure that was good.
It's Mother's Day weekend, going to try not to work and relax! I'll be mad at myself for having more to do on Mon so I may not stick to it!
Blake Griffin need to quit trying to dunk on Duncan and worry about his weak ass team winning the game.
Back in the RSJ building, back in the classroom, hello new semester! If you haven't seen it, come check out our new labs and work space.
stl thinkn bout lastnight! :) lmao, I can check that off my to do list..
Sometimes I feel like giving up but I know thats never there answer. accept for who's going to be there and tell me I shouldn't.
Bitches im faded...
You go girl!! Totally proud of a woman who stands for right!
RT : #TapinTuesday All Stars - You know how to Tap In to your community
I'm looking forward to A response & to hearing from you.
Come on CBS LA make things right and switch to the Raiders game.
If ur #girl is stuntin on em when ur not around and a #bum when u are, treat her like one, toss her a lil change and tell her to get lost!!
make room for bigger and better experiences...
<U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>Happy Independence Day!!<U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>
Where do birds go when it rains?
excuse me ''Hm''
Pissed the f**k and tired, with no one to blame but myself. UHG!
he just likes my hair lmao
RT : well the evening arrives & after 7 hrs, of clamped nipples, less the 5 mins respite each hour, they R sore, squashe ...
oh gosh..what she do?
*nods* Also, the way that most of the Japanese people (in Japan) studying modern Japanese society are sociologists--no surprise.
For shits and giggles? Seriously? I don't remember the last time I tried getting someone to shit and giggle!
Re: Gore - the backup QB is always the fan fav. Easier to see mistakes that are made than mistakes that are never made.
not if we get the king out in 2012
production on begins today!
thanks for all the #m&s <3! Y'all complete me.
Just submitted something for your new Tumblr (the first petrified baked good, I think ...) :-)
We're also gonna have a few CDs of an unreleased EP for sale tonight, so bring all your money!
Just downloaded Vlingo. Cool voice assistant and free app.
I need ice
Nick Johnson might have the best over-all "look" in #MLB, but isn't it a prerequisite that u have to actually get "hits" to play "baseball"
Fall Release Party: Nov 5th! James Allen Hall (who we adore) is reading, as well as some other contributors! THIS PARTY IS GOING TO ROCK!
“ YES !! RT occupy the tea party!”
Our guest today is Derek Daly, Hall of Fame race car driver and voice of motor sports. Correlation to business success? You bet!!
welcome to my Life
Headed to Gainesville in the morning... ANY GATOR FANS?!
called "the queen of accidental businesses", most key achievements emerged as side projects
What a week we had @ surrender so far lil jon and to end the weekend tonight the hottest nightclub! Only!
my mom told me that my migranes will go away if i have a baby wtf no mom
we would love to support NO BULLYING! A dove release in respect of all who support would send a powerful message!
you guy's are a bunch of thugs and rub-wranglers. The only city worse than yours is Cleveland. Go away.
hello from team Tortoises & Hares! We just left the exchange parking lot.
And btw I'm at fuel and futtle
Republican voters' passion uneven for Romney, Santorum - USA Today
Endless fabulous ensembles and wonderful commentary by !
Best wishes for a most excellent recovery. Two weeks to rest and heal...and let your friends pull for you. =)
Just another reminder for last minute #Milwaukee Christmas shoppers, Lost World of Wonders is open until 5 pm tonight.
that's awesome man. He will have fun
Last home game of the year and Fan Appreciation Night. Some great prizes to be given away.
I see it now I got yu! Yu at work or what???
Fuck. I'm going to have "pocket full of sunshine" stuck in my head all day.
thank you for making us all look gorgeous!!! Always a pleasure to kick it with you :)
Yay Brian! RT : Brian Markinson '83 appeared on AMC's The Killing Sunday night. It repeats during the week.
If you give your all to plan A, you really don't need plan B. Thoughts?
May we all be Beautiful! Formidable! and Exceptional!
Hi point: Opening act for the Boston Symphony at Tanglewood with my New York Virtuoso Singers
#Warof1812 created a sense of nationalism in USA and suggested need for internal improvements
Probably couldn't afford to buy the iPad but I'm glad I did cause I love it..
Heyy! How have you been?? When are you going to dedicate another song to me on youtube? :P hehe
Hope its this gorgeous out for next week's Thursday spring season opener!
I'm breaking up wit chuuuu. You owe me half rings half fries with a butterfingers milkshake. And a Smiley face on my plate.
RIP Montana May Lauritsen, 2012-2012. He were a fine fish. He had just reached sexual maturity!
Guy in front of us at #LAX security just took a big whiff of inside of his shoes. Kid you not.
Let's go take charge Indy! Haha I have no idea behind that but I love Indy so I love horses with Indy names
no sorry not with chippendales anymore 2busy with my acting right now
When I clear my calculator, I press the button at least ten times just to be sure.
Thx for the follow! I'm a Phi Mu (nice profile colors!)... and going to Boston in April. Hope you enjoy my tweets!
#thestreakcontinues: When is 57 in the schedule? I want to set my TIVO. Go Heels! #UNC Admit it - BBall not as much FUN w/o Clemson!
One Tree Hill tonight!! :)
“: helo”Same to you! Have a beautiful day!
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. - Plato
1 year as a lion is better than a 100 years as a lamb ...
I texted u yesterday for some advice. Text me back. :-)
Oh okay.... I'm gonna make this week for me.
love the pink dress you wore on C.A. Where is it from?
When things are going wrong and getting worse, just remember they could be going a whole lot wrong'er and getting way worser!
RT : Woot. Just sold a reprint off my blog for Real Money. Again I say, WOOT.
Drinkin some red while going blond...
Your coverage of the Uthoff transfer case is so very uniformed. Sad to hear these things from a great journalist like you
I love that the Scissor Sisters are trending in the UK!
RT Ha woman should be loved,respected and honor 365 days of the year and 366 in a leap year””
no kidding!!!! Facebook won't let me login to twitter. Stupid. :(
Drink your puberty away, basically. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>!
Cannot recommend 5 year engagement because of unevenness. It's 2 movies: a 45 min awesome one & a 45 min terrible mess.
are you sick? Lol
RT : The value that you put into life attracts the value that you experience from life.
Man I can't find my remote
TeamBreezy Till The Very End!
tweet tweet!
how could you have taken AP spanish? Isn't that spanish 5? Yeah I can't take adv.comp. until senior year. chem acc- good luck!
how did it go? were the awesome
One more book on the beach and <U+CC1C><U+C9C8><U+BC29> soak and scrub. I need to work on getting back to the ROK.
Happy birthday to Pritzker Prize winner James Sterling who was "considered by many as the premier architect of his generation"
My thoughts exactly.
RT : ....strongest impression ...of Office Depot ...is that it doesn't trust its employees & customers. - No, that's Best Buy
Get well soon, Guru!
Yeah I'm so graceful and elegant that I just fell out of my chair. Almost but not quite as good when the couch bruised my left butt cheek.
can't wait till tomorrows show it will be one of the best from the week, we love those boys!
you are such a nit
I would just go to bed if I was you cuz it is probably draining to go thru stuff like that.
now ur comparing apples and oranges... This is hockey. You prob think every highstick should be a suspension.
oh huh bruh...tootie told me u ben doin ya thing
I know... He is such a wild man!!! Just like to be showing off for you
RT : Most of the shows on MTV should really be called "Why you should go to college."
Does ROH need any Designers? I think I could make these better. PS, welcome back from Japan.
Shoutout to all my Jeff soccer boys that beat West again! #districts #heckyeah!
says "The best investment we can make as a nation is in early childhood education."
"WOHO. BIG ANNOUNCEMENT. WOHO I LOVE YOU ALL." ...... "lol actually, it's not that big ..." "ok.. so...i love you all <U+2665> thats it!"
I know it's wishful thinking as the original didn't do so hot on [adult swim], but it would be sweet seeing
Mine too!! That's why I mentioned it :). Hope all is great with you. I'm still waiting for you!
shut up
Is that new Worlds of Fun/Oceans of Fun commercial driving anyone else crazy? I'm talking boycott!!!
American Heritage scores a run on a bases loaded wild pitch. Pompano Beach still lead 3-1 after three innings of play.
hello precious
Can #socialmedia do that? RT : Q2) I too think courses have a role in learning - they help filter too much information.
just spent the last thirty minutes of my internship looking at website and Texts from Hilary blog.
Why are many medias now saying the same thing as Fox?
you're right, both of them were out of line in a debate, but appropriate to ask of the candidates, maybe in interviews
well ill c u soon. Ima come down soon.
It's like summer in Birmingham today, sunny and warm <U+E04A>
Have a resv. inquiry or what to confirm a booking text us at:646 643 0798 (text only) or call us at: 347 587 8667
Actually the tea party folk aren't owned by the plutocracy, but they don't realize that's who's funding their movement.
Happy Monday!! Who has some amazing game stories for us from this past weekend?
Nice! Thanks for sharing.
Ugly feeling; took a nap once I got back and woke up feeling sick.
Portland is too warm for me.
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on by tomorrow and check out the new flavors!! Yummy!!
Yea sorry if my account sent you a message sorry sorry sorry sorry
but think : you already met him, and the place you met him isn't a normal place, i bet when he thinks about the mahomies +
i did that b4 the game started <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thank you for the game of the year
NM Supreme Court will hear motion by Gary Smith (R) to get back on the ballot for CD-1 Race on Monday at 9a
"I thought if I attempted to kill someone
[Teamakers] "I feel like a tea addict and you are the dealer. Seriously. So Good."
rite but thank god Lamar came 2 rescue us n ways on his face??? Lmao
At schools, every student gets a bookmark whether they bought a book or not. I never want a child to feel left out.
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” - Jim Rohn
Happy Wednesday. Hope you are enjoying the day.
I know is waitin for that call! First Sville alum to get drafted let's go!! SOMEONE MAKE A MOVE AND GRAB DJ!!
RT : Why dont you tell your bitch ass sister to FOLLOW ME!!!! (I need 6,000 followers)
on side kick let's go boilers! #ford field
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER with the #app. #onemoreweek!
Watching Peter Pan. Definatley the best Disney movie.
I want to go to those hot springs!!!!
yup.. irritated but I'm good.
Achievement seems to be connected with action.
The Golden Rule that was pounded into our brains time after time throughout our childhood: "Treat others the way you want to be treated."
Going commando tonite, lest I'm tempted to throw my chones at the stage! #pachanga5 thanks !
OH: If you drink half a 5 Hour Energy, do you get half the energy for 5 hours, or the full energy for 2.5 hours? (Thanks )
Chairman Mao: A [website] that does not have any [analytics] may be superior to one that puts its faith completely in [analytics]
Been slackin on Twitter lately!
she's not going to give you the money
after all the korean bbq last night, there was so much pork belly in my own belly. thank god 4 weekly bonus pts. -lisa
I'm sorry to hear that your client is having problems. Could you please follow and DM us the domain? ^CB
hmm.. i'm not sure, but i think that i took that pic last weekend. was not this. maybe on 28/29 april
Chicago next weekend yea I get to see my Lil angel we finna have so much fun lol
Wow.. best decision ever to lay out in the sun for a bit before class. I miss the sunshine state.
I think your note to self is how much you love haha xoxoxo : )
#YouKnowYouFromDallas if you fuck with Bruton bazaar or Big T bazaar ; )
shut the hell up! lol
will be doing a seminar tomorrow evening, Monday, March 22, from 7-9 pm at the Stone in the LES focusing on "Making Records." U dig?
400th tweet. That's not good XD Night again guys!
Arrived home last night from a great trip to Clearwater, FL w/ to see spring training
just got a great #bcbg banded skirt on loveeeeit
Now that I am on the last week of school I think it is time to get my mind of of things and hang out with some church friends <3
Yay! I get to go to #iug2012 in April. Looking forward to connecting with other Innovative Users.
DUCK-tastic Rose Bowl!
Precious gifts of friendship... knowing the heart of another, sharing one's heart with another.
": Oh my. I just realized the implications of the Castle doctrine for Santa..."Lol-Easter bunny, tooth fairy, & Santa's reindeer 2!
pretty sure all three haven't happened in the same summer ever, horsepower heaven!
"what if she has been covertly hypnotizing you for years?"
they have no room to complain if they've been cheated on multiple times by the same person. HELLO?! How dumb are you??
Shutters sales are down as low as they can be, so take advantage 305-232-3344
Have you seen www.debtinfocus.com or www.brightleaffinancial.com? They're not quite the same, but credit union built!
20yrs ago the ability to listen to your customers' conversations would've been priceless. Today it's pretty much FREE
No problem:) how's your day? mine is good so far
Ughh -__-. i bought oreos nd hid them, i went for them shits and they gone!! Who ate my shit???!!!!!
What do I get?? “: As a #Virgo, In relationships you are affectionate, caring, devoted loyal and loving making a good partner.”
Make sure you tell him not to be a Yetman.
I'm on a panel tomorrow morning about violence in our region. Time to brush up on "Bowling Alone."
The knicks. Suddenly look scary
Do you like Soul music? Arthur Conley - Im Living Good 1964-1974 will be released on 9/6 on Kent Records (UK) Atlanta's own getting his due.
DOIN THE RITE THINGS TO MAKE A NIGGA SMILE :-).
Thanks, Ivan!! Best of luck to you as well!!
good question, haven't heard a recent update, but recount is expected after canvass nxt wk, SBOE still showing 54 vote diff
Good morning :-)
These celebrities do not need to play the lottery lol
I'm not tired but I'm tired of being up this late with the other one or two people I know on this shit.
follow back
Seriously... who looks good in tea length?
thanks! *fist pump*
Protip: never come home, eat a lot of potato salad, then take a nap....
he wants that mubajumba!
that was a damning of Jonathan Quick in general. It wasn't Canuck-specific.
Michael? Great pastor. Brady? Not so much. Haha.
RT : A true love of God must begin with a delight in his holiness. - Edwards
Approx. conversion 1 ml ink = 50 pages? Text, Double spaced, no bolding....many variables to contend with but, still 9ml=3000????
Wat do youu mean by "when?"
Bye bye BofA.
We'll be in booth 1341 during exhibits from 9 A - 4 P Thursday at #TXLA11! See you there.
RT : RT : #Phorum12 another great session and great conversations in between faith in #Philly tech restored again
I wish! Too funny.
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Saturday, May 5, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset...
Journalism has changed -- Who, what, where, when, why, and how is not enough anymore.
I'm praying they put a casino in at the Harbor
If you know anyone that has a contact that is connected with the NFL Players Union, PLEASE contact me ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are so many fun things to do in #Dallas. Does anyone have some crazy #DFW stories?
Baseball Tonight = Baseball Porn
Buy a house & you won't need to worry about that
Thanks for all the new follows! If you have any questions about DNS, we're here to help.
“: Ugh i feel sick now. Please just let me sleep. ><”
SOME cheering news is welcome this weekend, at any rate.
Boosie free doe.
"How You Like Me Now?" by The Heavy. Who cares if it makes me feel a little like a car commercial?
JOE JONAS <3
Agreed - Makes life much easier MT : I appreciate all #apple products - theyre so powerful.
SNEEZY, STUFFY, RUNNY? Any natural remedies you'd like to share for symptoms that sometimes come with spring?
Funny, that's exactly what I'm doing! It's all about the tricking factor (esp. on a Friday when I'm sick & unmotivated...)
To all the #Mahomies who are meeting Congratulations <U+2665>
They're not stupid. They're just rich and powerful. They know regular Joes like you and me have no real political power.
thank you so much for this.
You got mad squabbles dawg!
If Yuhh Hate Me Or What Im Reppin Then Be Thee X And Get Tuu Steppin.
wow..the colors are stunning!! great oputfit Ms B!
big star. Be here
Rudy Gay is playing himself into the amnesty clause
Will be stopping by around 6-6:30 for research on Constructivism. See you there?
Congrats World Champs India!
IF distance weren't the issue in relationships. SO many people would be happy.
haha on me lol we both think smart <U+E404> I said it to many times <U+E056> cute as relationship huh
Hey #SanDiego peeps...what cool stuff is going on around town this weekend??
Talking to old friends from elementary >
done yeah :D RT
Congrats!! RT Stoked to be a part of this crew! “: We are very excited to present our 2012 Brand Ambassadors!!
Thank you for follwoing and supporting the Milwaukee Brewers!
Greatest tweet of my day.
Please all, and you will please none. - Aesop
yeap..tell me about it :) :) we're working on it...
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress. Mahatma Ghandi
Just because everything happens for a reason, it doesn't mean that you can't make things happen!
hey i love the omg girlz and i wish i can be like yall
0mg can someone tweet me
I have no idea but, I love turtles too.
$8M guaranteed for Cotto, based on pay-per-view sales projections, prob closer to $10M.
Can you check to see if my follow button is broken? All you have to do is click on it(":
plus the other 3
Bout to beast it up on some mw3. Hmu
Hey! It's International Fanny Pack Day! Let's rock this!!!
M i think my ex thinks i still give a fuck about anything he has to say. I promise i don't mf.
(-) If you do, you will a) Have 2 projects instead of 1 to show for your work, and b) You will unburden your digital project.
Drew Brees is unnaturally cool. What a touch!
you could have fixed my tweet before you rt it
#InCollege Rapist wear Frat T-Shirts
RT : Sport drinks have nothin’ on green veggies. Spinach = vitamins A & C & iron. Kale = potassium. Broccoli = fiber. Green it up!
no, I've done 1 para and wrote a few lines in the 2nd, how much have you done? X
Released on Hoob label, which has some excellent albums lately. Also, free PopMotion track on AllAboutJazz, courtesy of Berg.
Trying to remember the last time I was as inebriated as I am and not home. Pretty sure I wasn't supposed to drive.
yes!! It's easy and fast to make and it's delicious!!!
I appreciated it before. I ate my words.
burts bees fluoridefree natural whitening toothpaste
Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm just not anybody
Yes. Telling Lies. You can find it on Amazon, paperback or ebook.
Im in the studio cooking so my team can be on the half time show. Was good
Mexico gets header on net, but straight at the keeper...
is almost done hanging his art ! We are very excited and you should be, too! Come by and check it out!
Courageous move by the Saints pays off after half.
#Giro 41.4-41.0 Some nice aerial views of the compact little town of Montecchio
and last pro rant, I swear. I feel like I can't even watch #okcthunder games anymore cause I hate derek fisher. Like since 2001.
$405 and 2 days later and I have my laptop back. What do they do to folks who start these viruses? It's not enough!
speak the truth but don't leave out the toothfairy and true love
She came <3
I was more interested in the Windows notification in the picture ;-)
Nice! I've def had weekends like that. Enjoy!
haha of course it is. I get that a lot.
i really like this picture idk.
what if I'm moving to NYC this weekend? Should I practice my tandem umbrella/box holding now?
just pisses me off sometimes
Any donkey is a piñata if you like donkey meat enough.
Echo RT : Hey Not a bad week young fella! Looking forward to watching you in a couple of weeks in New York.
#livemusic Watching our friends My Other Friend at the Knitting Factory in Williamsburg. Art rock. Amazing.
Congrats to for finding a new home with Original Cleveland music Sunday and Wednesday nights.
you know #15 would say is going to hell!
PK sisterhood! :) And I have a feeling they will. She wants to be a Bubbe too badly. ;)
I'm out cub scouts.. i'll be in the studio writing g-rated rap songs if anyone needs me..
It's real aggravating to me when he acts this way, i think its really stupid actually.
AWESOME!! :) Still waiting for the snow to come. Did you have a good Xmas and NYs?
Put a smile on yo face cause it's a beautiful day!! Btw just had a fantastic workout!!
Fuck my life, my hair is so short now -.-
Knowing me as the person i truly am, is the fist step in becoming my fam
Seriously. What was his last even remotely passable film? TRAUMA... in '93? Even if you argue STENDHAL (which was tepid), that was '96.
Ironic that you tweeted 8s before me....
thank you so much for your help
u post your session notes anywhere?
Lost All My Contacts . Again -.-
WHO WANTS TO HERE SOME MUSIC? (;
Thanks again to everyone that came down to the Food Truck Smashup!!
is now on hiatus. Please follow for the latest in EG's mayoral campaign and volunteer opportunities.
“: Homebound today. What a blessing to be able to watch your message online! #centralkingman”
I think my multivitamin is missing irony.
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Yup. I did copy paste so I guess it's the same
surprised to hear a Jerry Harrison cover on #HeartofDixie and happy to see the song getting some love.
I've been lucky, only had to visit the doctor once since 2006. I should probably have a physical once I have real insurance.
Americans prefer Paris to London, unless they remain sufficiently long there to get over the fogs, which are stumbling-blocks to them.(1855)
Funny RT : Remember my role / in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"? / That wasn't acting.
Thanks for the follow--how's GR?
all bad smh
really? A.hug!
Yo Mac your the best white Raper I know! Good shit with all those freestyles
Happy Pepero Day!!!
Rumor has it may be headed to your crib Sat nite. U gonna be around? Am I allowed to punch anyone wearing red & blue?
And drinking to excess with and
I like 's authentic, humorous voice, asking me to talk back & being a hardcore nerd.
Read 's full tweet. Labor Day + Obama backer Jay-Z + Philly = not about the music.
1st basketball game today:)
I tried to think of a tweet, but I was to busy thinking about food!
That's good. How's exposure going.? & I'm doing good I got a modeling gig sometime this month. :)
You good? RT : OH MY. I need to cool the fuck off right now.
Headed up north with my pops
let me get out first!
Partner David Cutshaw has recently shared several recent cases involving medical malpractice. Check out these hot topics...
I am very confident And excited, I hope to get a portfolio out soon. #yeeeee I got
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they $315<---add some change I'm getting some pradas
If it wasn't obvious before, it's official now: #Coldplay has NO imagination for rhythm.
#dilemma! RT : fuck my lube at???
Thanks for RT!
DO WORK SON!
School tomorrow:/
That look like some Brooklyn chicks!! Lol
15 yrs, 32 weeks & 5 days ago I was rolling bagels at Bab's next to a very cute boy. 9 yrs ago today I married him. Today I am still smitten
Want to know more about aviation in ABQ? Come to our Departures Salon Series on 4/27 @ 5pm! Drinks, music and fun!
Opened my #WI property tax bill today. 10% increase. All the more reason to collect #recall signatures.
I love being a creative director but disdain being chief administrator. As CD I can partake more in business development. But, I'm blessed.
#GCB is definitely getting better. It's smart and funny. I should have never doubted the creators of Sex and the City. Shame on me.
Great! Will you have your presentations on Slideshare? Good luck 2morrow.
why is your bands name called Extreme Unicorns¿? Lol jw :]
look in sections 110, 126, 212, 225. In the craft beer kiosks! Cheers and enjoy the game!
Forbes Earnings Preview: Comcast - Forbes
Okay, where did Buck That come from and why have I never even heard of them before? This show is so good!
Sponsored by RT : Congrats to one of our players, Justin Chandler on making the TABC All-State basketball team!
I'm in need of some new friends!
Check us out at Facebook
LL Cool J looks absolutely sexy speaking different languages!!
great burger! It was as good a way to spend my dinner stipend as possible, for under $20.
I am over this.
If comes to MKE one more time and we dnt kick it... I swear I'm gonna bootleg his music.
Reply lol well fuck! I'm new :)
I love Talking to him(:
Thank you for adding me to your Klout list - nice to be part of your tribe! Have a great Easter!
Thank you!
Its 7 o'clock and I'm at my son's school
listening to "Who u pose to be" by lol u wildn on this one J!!
hey lil red
UCLA made it past the first round last night and co-director Nikos can't wait for the showdown with Villanova. Tonight we will see if Th ...
Hey Jeremy, thanks for following!
Watching Cow & Chicken.
hmm, my sister did a commercial with him for Peter Piper Pizza. BEFORE I was born, like a long time ago.
What is a good beginning resource to introduce online professional development communities?
Yea I can :D
u can't be something u already are lol
Just not considering now. Maybe a new superintendent would RT flat "no"...? i assume they think will get a better TV deal?
I hate the shit you do.. * voice*
You be surprised how many dark skin brothers and sisters who hate themselves and take it out on you. I know two of them, pathetic humans.
so lucky I wanna see again so bad
by Justin Bieber xD
#holyfuck I just realized what I want to do !
My mom said 12:45! And yooooo, tell the boys so we can go tmrw!!!!!! Lmao
you will always be the us champ :)
aw thanks! have you "liked" us on fbook yet?!
Today's the day that you are going to come in and try a new flavor, we can feel it!
Jennifer Garner's mouth bothers me
Jumping in the shower getting ready for work
it's exactly what i wanted! how did she knowww??
Flying Premier on Wed. First time with 180° flat beds :)
Better for you??????? RT : No, you call her! Better for me :p RT : Ohp. Nevermind :p
#Failedtwitcon --------> fake ass verified account lmaoooo!!!!
Put the bumpers down P! RT 125 first game. 102 second. I gotta pick that up !!
same im sick affff.
Pea green pesto = a reminder of spring on a chilly fall night.
shower, los loros, cubby...it's gonna be a night
GSHL 2A softball: Mark Morris 12, Hockinson 3. Amber Gilbert twirled a five-hitter and struck out four.
Starting to have a headache and feeling pretty sleepy. shall be glad when this commute is over with..
With 's first appearance this week, the next tweets are a list of first appearances on the
M, Zaxby's Wings, Rt if you know wats ^up^ !
Have you heard about ? Cool shop. RT I'm thankful for my bike.
The Bachelorette tonight. To watch or not to watch. That is the question.
Dominated my thermo test last week. 29 out of 30!
u already know!!!! gotta stay bobby fresh
Yes I'm in L.A. most of the time, sometimes I'm in Idyllwild.
birthday weekend<3
A good list, but very City-heavy, and just Rooney for Utd, who are the likely champions.
#dodgers need to bring in their outfield like the #Mets #morehomers for
“: up working on this crack! i will return like never b4”-- Blue Friday da shit....
her whole career is one, big, body touch
Getting prepared for in NYC September 22 - 23! Great to talk with
Good times with new people :)
You're unrecognizable, my friend! You wear the 'stache well!
At the house or at the office?! Didn't see any lightening in our neck of the woods.
If u Need Someone To Help I'll help u ,, If You Are Sad I'll Make u HaPPY ,, If u Are Boring I'll Make u Crazy ,,
Jus wakin up, bout to get ready for work. Still feel like crap
yeah lol :P
Who? Your Doctor?
Thank you so much Wendy!
I see, I think you accomodate both basic and power users though. Why not select if clicked, but active if using arrows?
great seeing you to.
Good morning (:
get ya game up assassin! Ya better than regular!! #extra-ordinary lol
Yeah, is he happy and all?
You guys sure know how to make a library feel good on a Monday.
I knew it...but I can't see into your in box. Hollaback a go!
are there gonna be any celebertys ?
I found my beach! and and #Corona... nice spot, guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
RT : GOOD MORNING! Can't wait for tryouts tonight @ Rollercade! Who's brave enough to come out? C'mon, it'll be fun! 7PM!
I didn't know they had one; done and done! Also done.
Katy Perry, here we come!
Are the 2012 cards in retail yet ? If not when will they be for sale ?
I'm officaly up for today, good morning world!
Having a busy but fun day off with my sweet hubbie!
oh i will enjoy the show. thank you SO much!
yup we have a Russian at work now(:
Who the fuck stole my hat
just hope she's ok. They r STILL there, just talked to the ron
Afternoon fun | 1 - Open Google Maps (directions), 2 - Type China as starting point 3 - Type Taiwan as destination, 4 - Read step 48
you are totally going to bring me an issue of when you visit, right?
cool, ty sir. which do you plan on buying
You too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : Goodnight loves stay cute
I don't wanna spread a rumour.. but maybe a good friend? like I don't think they are dating.. but on the verge..? yah know?
when everybody said i'd never be any good again, it just made me push on (evonne goolagong)
With the weather changing, I'm not sure how many days I have left to ride my bike to work, but today was spectacular!
You're beautiful -Tyler (:
Schools can be dangerous places in that certain intelligences are promulgated and others are neglected. In my experience the whole person
i dont comprehend your tweet
yes, voluntary agreements between a buyer and seller. i'm saying right to work is reaction to previous, intrusive legislation.
Happy Birthday:)!
stupid people in my life
Do you think the holodeck (like in star trek) is a realistic possibility??
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard. Voltaire
That moment you become the model during the shoot you were hired as MUA for ..
April sun really helps.
You are so beautiful!! I wish I was as pretty as you!(: Please don't ever change. #StayClassy <U+E420>
CAN I JOIN IN THIS CONVO?! Hows the recording going!xx
Lol!!! That's hilarious!!!
"be the master of your field"
Subway for Dinner! #yee :D
OMG. sounds amazing :)
seeing it in person is such a tease.
I hope y'all got pics!
so a sugarless birthday cake on Tuesday? Yuck.
What does do when she's been banned from e-mail? Produces twice the Twitter output
rent! Not even thinking about buying right now.
That was a tough puck to block. That series made history and was crazy! There's always next season.
Are the leftovers calling your name? RT : Well the pizza in the fridge might make me go get it
Pour some sugar on it. It'll hide the tang.
At Opening night of Clybourne Park on Broadway! Freaking amazing!!!
If they could only purge the trolls too. RT : New York State Attorney General Announces Purge of Sex Offenders From Online...
Been letting my cauliflower plant mature this winter. Ive never grown this plant for seed before. Its now almost 1 year old!
#Np <U+261E><U+261E> Pandora ...bout to fall asleep!
you hittin up any Soulive shows this week?
Morning though! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I haven't listened to #Zappa for years. I like in Joe's Garage that the actual song they are playing is a kind of audio cartoon.
HAPPY EASTER AND HAPPY PASSOVER!!!
Pat Casey on NW Sports Tonight talking about his 2012 squad
I don't get it. First Vlad now this? These are overpriced vets past their prime. Where's Lou Brown?
Almost finished up comping vocals. Nashville to Atlanta again...paying the bills to pay the bills.
so happy you're out there being fabulous!!! can't wait to hear all about it!!
Don't you know that coconut oil is like a Pacman for cancer?
Bert Fischer: "You're like one of those clipper ship captains. You're married to the sea."
Why don't you have an Avatar? get a logo on your Twitter, son!
@ the Monte Carlo Buffet
#CodyIs my future husband ;)
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! :)
I think the Columbine baseball score shocked Neil. RT : Yo: Holy you-know-what!!!!!!!
Time to see if I can dodge the raindrops. Back later.
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam.
4wheelin for the first time
Tell me!
Follow this list to see all the latest happenings of all teams and the league /echl
Agreed. I want the people to vote on divorce laws now, too.
I have a potential new member for the Clan & MW3 he's getting ready to go to premium status and is truly awful LOL
What do you think the punishment should be? Anything less than 10, wout pay, isn't enough IMO.
Q4 What mobile marketing trends are the most exciting to you?
Ah Urlacher! how I love you! Looking like it could be a good effin game!
Please, no one tell us what day it is today or tomorrow. Not even what day comes afterwards.
Twins' hitters OPS in May: .346.
Flatbread Feature: Blackened Chicken, caramelized onion, grape tomato & provel Soups: Creamy Tomato & Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
Hi there, I just checked and don't see that email. Perhaps it was filtered as spam. So sorry. Could you resend?
I can feel that bruh
No holds barred. I'll make sure to come back and clown with you guys.
#SteelerNation praying for complete recovery of Steelers RB Coach Kirby Wilson after a house fire. Join us in prayer!
Breakfast, workout then work..... Bawse
Gotta run to the store after work
Watching extremely loud And incredibly close---- this was nominated for best picture ??!!!???? Wtf
Well, clarinets and flutes...but I hate flutes...so annoying lol
ive never talked to you and you hate me? HAHA OKAY.
Hope Solo. Siiiiiiiiiiiiii.
cannot link my other rewards accounts to my AE rewards account...pls help. TY
My biggest takeaway from 2nite: Would I use it? Have I used it? interview
waz good bro
I'll take Richardson vs SEC run defenses over Blackmon vs BIG12 secondaries. Plus WR steeper learning curve.
Birds flying high u know how I feel!
I have Bieber Fever! Do you? ;)
Hi, Stacy, A buddy of mine has a media analytics startup in Detroit-ish area. Any tips on attracting local angel investors ?
are you serious?! I would have taken him !
Oh, and shout 2 all the promoters, producers, so-called record labels, managers, agents & others who get over on artists, DJs & producers.
It's Friday on the East Coast so #FF It's twitter gold!
i hope you learned the first time and wont do it again .
Oh God, that's horrible.
. Here's an example: THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN just showed up as a quiz yesterday. WONDER is not available.
What a beautiful day in VancouverUSA! What sports will you be participating in today?
*buss back in* nigga you don't run nothing!! *exits*
#bitchin Northern Honey Brown Lager is now available at Target Field! (via Northern Beer)
. Sunday she's all ribbons & curls
Wondering what it is about Det. Madsen that Neill wants? Will we get some hints?
I poke my head in every once in a while recently. By "every once in a while recently" I mean about twice in the past month.
Started reading / listening to 'What the dog saw'. If you like Malcolm, you got to listen to him narrate. It's riveting.
Making final preparations to go live with the site, our adventure begins in the morning!!
Marry me?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! x..
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. Napoleon Bonaparte
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fired" and his bio/publicity photo.
I am missing and the kids. I'm going to clean the house as I am really bored without them.
Really an earthquake? I thought I was dreaming!
lol Sure but I'd never have a chance with Madison!
Dear Twitter: Why do you include people who haven't tweeted in a year in my "who to follow" box?
love you too
You said goodbye to your penny? It has been proposed here but without success. It would seem strange. TeresaY
Thanks San Marcos for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
RT : Kobe probably thinking like "damn, these niggas really bustin our ass!?"
Also, needed your language skills in France. I was only able to ask how old someone was and whether they liked grapefruit.
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
#scms12 Mark Sample up on JFK Reloaded
T.G.I.F BITCHZ
teaching accounting at a religious college is not an expression of faith! Not protected by 1st amendment free exercise clause
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same.
I may be a Republican Candidate but I stand for everyone. Take an idea from each and every perception combine them and result is America
That day when I can say I don't wanna go to work but still make money!!
Last show of 's #BeautifulFreaksTour tonite! Congrats guys! Be sure to follow & ! :)
Uh oh. RT : St. Louis Athletica of WPS women's soccer league shuts down in mid-season. 2nd WPS team to fold this year.
Horse racing is more exciting when is around.1
Happy 167th Birthday Fritz!
call me when Netflix adds Captain Simian and the Space Monkeys.
thanks for the RT... GO NUGGS
hey you, did you get my past two tweets? If not I here until Sunday morning.
any live stream for the #spurs game?
#AJFEVER! #retweet ~> : I know this kid that has a new video coming out soon (: #Woot Woot !! #iknowhimTOO!:D
Harry Potter Samples and Drops are new this week, and more! Up now on #productionvault!
I'm not home right now, but this evening
Consider following Butler University senior
I'd take that.
View more than forty works by Vincent van Gogh—never before seen together—during Van Gogh Up Close at the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Writing pooky stuff or otherwise, we hope you're inspired somehow!
Gingrich watch 2012: Newt is speaking at #FIU. Follow for live tweets.
Who do you think were the doers of the past ?
#FollowMeAlexConstancio never hurts to try.. right??
Congrats to - she's pregnant!
Not free ones through the membership program, no. <Will there be member tix available for the Chivas game?>
Make sure you do it legally! Panthers don't abide your torrent ways.
Nice Golden Globes call back Bridesmaids!
yes and it bothers so lol
Just launched our 4 courses for $40 for 40 days to celebrate the opening of Highway! Come downtown and enjoy a great deal at Mike Shannon's.
“: It seems like when you're a big man at Notre Dame, they ration you two buzz cuts per season.” harangody effect
everything that happens is only because it is meant to...
RT Killed this mix with singin' his heart out:)! I love it!!! <--- You guys killed it as well!!!
I'm so going to call you Thaddeus from now on..
Beautiful day to get out! Proud media partner of The San Diego Latino Film Festival which opens tonight.
I bet it smells like sex in there.
Hey 1ce again thanks 4 making 2day such a great day 4 me | Over all 2day was absolutely one hundred percent great #Loveya :) !*)
No, it was on TV and I was just reminded of all that was wrong.
How are things with you?! We would still like to continue to have Emeri's ad in Boss Lady,
If you are looking at getting an RSS feeder for your iPad, look no further than Feeddler. It's a great addition. Find it in the App store.
You'll see why soon. Mwahaha.
NYCC 2010 during the M. Night Shyamalan panel Q&A. Not a press conference but it's same idea of spin and control.
how was Teen Choice!!!
Movie night with and
Gahh that Raven Test started to make my head hurt after the like 25th question.
My favorite line? "She's not some crazy conservative." Guess her brother had to say that b/c she really SOUNDS like one.
How lucky am I that I get to see THIS week?
Leadership and accountability at every level is key, not just for teachers. Via Wendy Kopp
We r about 1/2 way 2 next random follower winners Only need abt 25 more followers & we will give away more free ice cream. RT & help us out!
you going to see dryque while you are there?
RT Blades could try an try he like he can't hear I ain leffin my fuckin house to go an stan up listen to music an get kill b...
I will say that while Laker Trolls were bad it was NOTHING compared to the Rocket fans when we were battling for
Welcome to One of the greatest Country Bands ever!!!
Mugs funny as hell
RT Just introduced Mukta Bahl of Genentech..speaking about Secure Data Management in the Cloud. #EDW12 ---> what a great topic!
What's going on in Buffalo?
Same reason I don't listen every day like I used to.
hahaha, damn straight that's how you research art hum
Looking good!
I think I've just invented something...and it's pre-drinking yoga.
It's very rapidly becoming more trouble than it's worth.
#someonehelp i had my piss test and as soon as i pull up my pants i have to salute the flag i wish there was a picture
We had to do notes for 25 damn minutes, fuck that!!
We think fast food is equivalent to pornography, nutritionally speaking.
hahahahahahahahahaha love you both
What's Love got 2 do w/ it? #Everything damn it Jenolo 4life baby
yup. Just a lot of screaming along with CDs in the car hahaha.
what am i doing tonight? actually eating at home for once in 2 weeks.
Anyone else think it's funny that they photoshopped muscles on Renner's arm in the Hawkeye banner?
Mayor Richards to cut funding for public art in 2012-13 budget - second straight year w/o allocation
lucky them!
get a locked photo album app!!!
A poem is an incantation with bite.
Just a few more days until the Future of Reading Conference. Prepping & Planning. Can't wait!
have you seen Tiny Furniture?
THANKS for the RTs! Appreciate it tons!
something is better than nada
Anything that builds awareness has to be good 4 them!..doubt they would have made Price is Right otherwise.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
This class is really boring .
Friendly live receptionists, prime office locations, and guess what? Now with reduced conference rates in New York. Call for details.
HAVE FUN DUDES! SEE YOU WEDNESDAY!
baby James is too funny :p haha.
no i wanna make my own money and by it myself
": Why's he so scared all the time!??" Because he's not a closer hes a choker
Helps me with my impatience at online browsing for clothing for sure: www.shopittome.com/
I'm all for having a picnic at the park & playing your music but why would u blast a song with only word are "bounce that pu**y"???
If this medicine could kick in NOW, that'd be great.
I beez in the trap bee beez in the trap!
whoop whoop
How fucked up I am right now >>
Just saw a guy in a Prius try to show off to a guy in a Ferrari... I hope that guy went home and shot himself
WISH YOU WERE HERE by INCUBUS
I am the intention version of Older Stewie!
Thanks! :D
I can forgive but I can't forget
A smart idea! RT Memo to Apple & GM: Collaborate on building the iVolt from the ground up. You can thank me later.
Might be the best Marvel yet.
Yeah im livin right dese niggas dead wrong, she suck my d*** while im on a call now i jus call dat head phone - Big Sean
Must be cause I'm showin up to school there today!
Why is there traffic on 495 at 10:30?
At least once a day.
Salute! follow back fam
Are you wondering if the newly announced HARP program (Home Affordable Refinance Program) will benefit you? Many lenders will be announcing
Hawks are winning=]
vegan nachos at Busboys are legit!
"It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down."
4 hours of sleep - going to try to work through the day then Lair of the Minotaur and Pack of Wolves tonight at Red 7!
witnessed near riot in Little Italy around 1:30 am last night. Only 2 police officers, crowd came out of a club.
Mob rule is not the way. Gandi and MLK got it right. It frustrates uber rich is you are peaceful in protesting.
top twitter tips: follow more, tweet often, be generous, pay attention & be consistent
like always, you are dead right, Bradley will be all defensive team throughout his career, he'll show his potential in this series
Have you visited our Facebook page? Like us :)
Emotional moment in Phoenix as the fans chant for Nash to return. Really feels like this could be the end of a fantastic era.
What a shit show, amateur night
:) just let me know when.
Zack Greinke with a home start tonight - do I even need to tune in?
“: Having sex 3 times a week for 1 year = running 75 miles.” imagine how many miles you run <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I can't wait to get away for awhile&just be able to think
Whos a fan of
There is no posting limit on Twitter. I think Tumblr needs to adopt that trait.
just watch the video. 30min of your life.. That's all.
LOL WOW! Ok, I'll stop complaining now :) Hugs to you dear! xoxo
and does it make ya poop like crazy? Lol
Audience says they have board and long-time donor resistance to new #musetech. Buy in comes from being mission driven with tech.
Finally dealing with the disaster that is my closet!
"I can cope with the despair – it's the hope that's killing me."
Just got to work. Good thing I work in an office I'm off at noon : )
I love talking to you, but i hate when you're sad. brighten your day girl, i love you!<3
just had a nice conversation with my sister c:
yeah I say go for it! It's good to be proactive in meeting user needs and showing the library is supportive
Took a listing and sold it in one day....who is next??
& We can't wait either (& can't believe it's almost here already! x 2!)
Stand up show right now... So not hyperventilating.
have you been their before? I went twice, I love it! It's no NYC though.
Ben Bruce is sexy. Yes I would write that all over the white board. & idgaf
Offer something you genuinely believe is worthwhile even if it's not the Grand Canyon.
Can't wait to see it!
awww, your welcome...thanks for the follow back(:
God I don't have to see you, I know that you're there :)
Act like a woman think like a man
LOVE it-ELIminated Ha HA HA Did Giselle see it?
I really don't like expressing myself.
. And these employees are the most powerless - non-unionized women (housekeepers in hotels, jeez)
That sad moment when dosent love you anymore....
TOP 10 TOXIC FOOD INGREDIENTS According to Jillian Michaels, many ingredients in refined & processed foods are hazardous to your health & …
Wtf are you wearing <U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
We got the 7 we needed. Three and out please and thanks
Amen sister. Denver all the way!!
... and PowerPoint crashes for the 6th time today.
Bitch you ain't Barbie I seen you work at Arby's.
really if a guy ever sang Lovebug- Jonas Brothers to me i'd die.
I wish they sold gas at the dollar store.
NEW MUSIC WILL BE UP THIS WEEKEND.
dear lord!
Also interesting to have a cap on loan repayments if income stays low over time. Clearly #HE didn't pay off for those students.
thanks man, I'll put down the phone and try that. Catch ya!
so if your a red head, a blond, a brunette! Just take my advice and you might just get! the only better than hairspray, is me
oh I , I swear, the world better prepare, for when I'm a billionaire!! <3
THX for the follow! 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30. Share with your followers!
It's my birthday! Sweet 16! Haha... Tune-in and hang out with me on my Bday, live on HOT 1035!
ticket acquired. Should be an interesting St. Patrick’s day...
Let me know if we can set you up with witnesses supporting Planned Parenthood for interviews today.
I have successfully found 10,000 ways that will not work
. LOL I suppose most #Griz fans own HUNTING gear.. but FISHING works, too!
Hey V! Happy New Year to you, too! oh, just sitting here ADDing - hence, the "focus" water better kick-in, soon. SCBWI?
I hope everything goes as plan on friday, >_> I'm really trying to skate with ahemahem.
taking the summer of school and just working now lol
Were glad you dig it! Personal favorite song so far? Keep on the look out for new music, we're writing our new EP as we speak
Heap 60+ yd td week 12 knocked me out of the play off's - brutal!
i NEED TO GO SEE Mi GRANNY...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Back to DFW on 885 - looking forward to two weeks at home
I'm hungry as shit
'Customer' turns robber, holds up dry cleaners - Pleasanton Weekly
thought I missed out on an opportunity to find info abt my 2nd Grt Gpa. Well talked to my deceased Grt Aunt's daughter today...jackpot!
yo kast name is styles to?
Let's go racing! At NASCAR K&N Pro Series and SRL. Mini cups among the mix tonight. Go 27.
RT : I know it! She needs a spanking! // do I need to let u use the paddle my dad used on me growing up?
No we really dont hv 2 leav O.O bout 2 order another cute lil coconut drink wit da umbrella n it u want 1
may the 4th be with you
I had a great idea, though-maybe the Waltrips need to lose a little weight!
Sports in Vancouver just keep getting better. Check out the new Paradise Point Disc Golf Course in La Center.
we looked that up. Thanks!!
Just remembered I have a research paper due in a week. Ah.
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” ~ Maya Angelou
We don't speak enough you and I...
Just interviewed by local Hicksville paper!
Beliebers and Directioners is trending? Okay.
RT this if you absolutely positively most sincerely love your fans!!!<3
I know he won't, but if follows me RT this it would make my LIFE <333
Is it just me or is Full Throttle really vile? I know the energy drink bar is low, but still...
Your a beast!! I'm a huge fan! Keep it up.
my sister was looking at your twitter picture & didn't know who you were. Then she asked who you were standing with & I....
I hate staying up all night just waiting for a text from that person...
I'll be on the 8:30 am public bus if you need me. First stop. Club. To collect my tips from wagon wheel duets w munn.
Im doing good chica. Still teaching and running around with my daughter. You? I havent seen you in forever!
It's all here and my heart's pleading, "Let me be your star!" ... Loved the #SMASH finale. Who in NYC can't relate?! One day... :)
#NYC can't wait to see Luisa my love !!
Tomorrow we'll be hitting Lemoyne, PA w/ @ The Champ. Who's coming out?! RT THIS SHIT!
That's a great attitude to have! You go girl! RT Late nights, early mornings. Making every moment count!
thanks for thinking I'm weird because I laugh out loud at my phone!
RT : 8th Cir--adverse employment action taken under affirm action plan may be direct evidence of unlawful discrimination ...
The game set the stage for many other comic
omg yes , let's do it ! I really need to start going more -.-
Best band in the world, The Black Eyed Keys
About to eat some organic oranges and clementines with in COM 3300.
I didn't change I grew up, you should try sometime.
Don't let the rain keep you away.. Come in for Tia's Fish Fry and Chowder special.... $12.95 served until 6pm!
naw, I just think this guy probably doesn't get it
Give yourself permission to succeed. -Kim Kiyosaki
Exactly! : surprised the JOLIE-PITTS went for DIAMONDS. just saying.
yes he is my case gona get dismissed 2day, we need him n raleigh
is it going down tomorrow?!
I WISH.
Feel free to come by! We'll be here!
Yeah, I should probably do some work but it's spring break and I don't wanna!
thanks, just got to our hotel & its a good wifi connection so I'll take a look
It's been a long week yall. If I don't win the Mega Millions, I'm gonna need a few glasses of wine to wind down
True. But this whole "Being Responsible" thing? I don't know if I like it. Lol
Thanks to all who have fought for & served our great country! We owe endless thanks 4 what they've done & continue to do 4 us!
Rehearsal time.....
thanks for the feedback
Best #broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected "he's" to "h2s" ....wow.
My boy caught his girl slippin...dumb chick dropped her hotel key in they house
I just texted ya back ;)
I can't c my Bd to day
Hey everyone; please follow ! ONE MORE PERSON, PLEASE(:
<3 <3 Looking forward to the next few days of adult time. Let the hot plans begin . . . tomorrow night. HeHe. What to do, what to do. <3 <3
Massage soothes the muscles and calms the soul.
RIP Mitchell Guist
Off for the next 17 days
I did not know about the miscellany site. Thanks.
NENE! WUDD UPP WOMAN I AHVNT TALKED TO U ON HERE IN A MIN!
I did a talk last night on Accelerate, and since it's so boring, I started it off by playing Wat. Best video I've ever seen. :)
Who can't wait until Saturday!?
she's beautiful!!
thank you I appreciate that
Yo, , all but one of my "Recent images" just disappeared. What gives?
: Are you back? Hope all's well!
Hey MCDMers - Remember to make time for an alumni (or soon to be) discussion on Sunday 3/20 in Com 126. 1:00pm - 3:00pm
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
we hope you like it mizz Famous!
Sarah is reading tonight with ' Martha Rhodes. 7:30 Be there, Louisville!
your music is amazing! <3
of IndyStar thinks of Twitter as "capillaries" that feed traffic to the content on the website. Calls it "invaluable."
- great article.
Will you be out with us tomorrow? By the way, nice profile pic. Love those little ladies!
My staff meeting postponed until 10 and my boss is a motherfucking asshole.
I just pretend I'm skiing. Works every time.
Me & Obama gonna shoot some hoops one day
Dense Fog common for Long Island & NJ. Burns off by mid to late AM. HIGH: 71. Record warmth on the way Thu. & possibly Fri. HIGHS: 75-80.
you welcome
no way, i have no idea who that is, but it sounds
My phone is trippin
RT : What happened today to Roadrunner is one of the biggest reasons I never sold to a major
Where are my wings!?
marching band?
had so much fun at my first ever game!! Will have to go again soon :)
Suggestion –Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
lol it coo
man I remember that whole night lol
Cant wait to hit the studio 2mor with
Muhammad Ali To Attend Frazier's Funeral
BTW, Milwaukee opted to not show the kickoff to the 3:15 #Packers / #Bears game. I think that's telling of the 35 yd line rule.
Gm loves! Its a new day and Im blessed to be wise and mature enough to let irrelevance go. Back to the paperflow....
ABSOLUTELY !! Would vote for him in a HEARTBEAT !! Allen West is a NO-NONSENSE, brilliant fighter !
how are you??
Just cut my hair a tad bit shorter
Yes! Phillip Phillips singing ! Nice rendition.
i just eanted to tell u that ur an amazing beautiful woman and I wish u nothing but the best
Preeti! You're too kind. I'm alright, I promise! Just a rough start to the day. You're such a good friend.
#Crew96 stream died
we are just behind the bathrooms at the picnic tables. Hooray for #coworkingday!
Agree! Gr8t site for gov't agencies. #custserv RT : This is a great resource. Thanks for posting it.
HappY Birthday! I love u, have a gr8 day :-)
Life is Wonderful!!!!!
hahaha! Nicee(: & I would do the same :P lolol (:
Looking forward to the YWC at Brentwood School --- great job everyone!
Eat this and sniff this rag
cool. I'm from Philippines, a very far country. :D
Just found an old cheer leading picture in my old coach's class room...
How to know you care about #twitter too much: when losing followers makes you very angry.
YUP but when you mention those black men who aren't into black pussy they want to jump down your throat. Damn Shame! Speak on IT!
The more you praise and celebrate you life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~ Oprah Winfrey
That's it!! A&M scores on 5th kick. A&M wins the game!
thanks man !
RT OCCUPY THE PUMPKIN PATCH, CHARLIE BROWN
Half off Mojo just for saying 'resolution'...even though this breaks my healthy eating promise!
Thank you for including me in the
austin who knows where he's gone Mahon is k
yup. You didnt see my mentions last night
Today has been a good day!
Is there always red tape when trying to get reimbursed thousands of dollars from Anthem Blue Cross vs. $100? I've been trying for 10 months
Weird because Ryan Pickett doesn't know the first thing about saving candy.
you bet!
!!!im not facebook im not hur for u to like!.com
I want an Arduino lilypad based sensor gauntlet now
Got a #national #commercial #callback!!!!! WOO
I'm about to just do it myseld
Thanks a million, Tye!! :)
I'm not your second choice nor your backup plan. So don't text me when you're bored.
"We have only won due to our wickedness" -- German soldier writing home after the defeat of France, but methinks a good description of war.
I watched you change, now watch me.
Today is going to be a long and stressful day..
Iced caramel latte from Dunkin Donuts <U+2764>
What I don't get is how can someone call someone else ugly? Everyone is beautiful in their own way, inside and out.
Only Fuck With Real Gz No Fake Ones Cuz When You Getting Money That's Where All The Hate Comes
naw y are they cutting people?
I be trying to lay the knowledge to em easy. Lol
Stay out my mustard if u can't ketchup! Looking at end of May 4 Jenolo launch #winning #bulls #heat game lets go
lol so he didnt pretige at all? Omg i had a frend like that lol but i prestiged n was like STOP BEING LAZY! work ur way up
RT Becoming unstuck - balancing continuous learning versus specialization. Managing up session
just trying to stay culturally literate. Don't worry about me slipping into teen mode.
RT : #428 You'll never live happily if you always care about what others think about you.
In Fitchburg City Council District 2 Seat 4 race, Patrick Stern and Darren Stucker advance.
Note to #OutrageousBiz applicants who are filming with us in Warren Hall tomorrow (5-6pm): feel free to bring props, costumes, signs, etc!
2k for your services seem way to cheap ;)
Jackie Pata of on says tribal governments can't prosecute non-Native rapists & the Feds won't do it.
Thanks nephew I think you just gave it to me...lol
Not sure how that relates to violence in the UK as Wilders is a Dutch MP, not a UK MP, and also not sure that is true about him
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't curse that much!
Whole Foods TriBeCa SWARMING with men who've clearly just come off vigorous jogs. It literally smells of sweat.
Got my hair done, moma says its burgundy but its red. Then went to Belk and bought a pink sundress and a Lily Bloom purse. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
hm lets do em both!
Had to look. You're tip said crab cakes and that was all I needed to know. Lol. Too bad though.
the burger is loved by both me and baby! How's that? :)
who ya bby
if they know u at the clinic by ur nickname
they need to just say NO
Great episode last night. One of the best ever actually. Say it aint so!-- No more Robert?
My bad... Hahahaha! (I was there for three nights in a row and I think I still have mud in my ears from that weekend!)
the 9:30 club thing, wow looks great!
no problem anytime!!!! U just enjoy!!!
Terrible roughing the QB calls against Packers and Saints. Tackler head down and tackles QB as passing, terrible!
we play it in the gym once in awhile, people are like "wtf are we listening to?!"...but it makes everyone work hard!
have fun in Dallas
of course I'm sure hahaha
I bet... At least you have insurance, right?
9/11 Never forget...May God bless us all
If I don't sponsor a compassion kid I missed God's call for my life...really? That's weak & cheapens the whole thing.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie - MyFox Phoenix
My mommy may drive me insane but u couldn't ask for a better mother her love is unconditional! Happy mothers day mommy :).
Willie Nelson gets behind Occupy Wall Street movem
Good Morning morning! Anyone doing anything fun with their pets this week?
#bmorefail was a #bmoresuccess. Added at least three books to my reading list.
"True Born Records"
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll show you a good time. Last time I listen to a clown driving a rickety van
#INCS Looking forward to the second full day of the conference! Yesterday was great.
layin in bed with my gorgeous puppy(: phone died &im to lazy to go look for my charger.c: skype?
Open for Brunch at 8:30
no.. I have to go back down... That's what I was trying to avoid.. But it's coolio! I get to feel the rain again :)
Questions about #transdermal compounds created in compressed field magnetic reactors? Microbial Antagonists?? Biodefense??
Crony capitalism provided by the U.S. Congress.
Meant them :)
Left the mall with nothing. Just called my mom and said "yo what do you want!!?!, don worry about the price"
where have you been I havnt seen your tweets anymore!!!!
exagerrated princess version
Free tours today at 4pm and don't forget about our 6pm tour!!
In case anyone wonders, that last tweet was assuredly NOT about Amendment One. Very sad to see that pass, but not surprised.
Dear teachers, emailing my parents does not do anything. Sincerely, were not five.
I really hope Frankie wants to play the trumpet.
Oh that is quite tempting....
Based on what virtually all of my friends say, I think I will love it. xox
Being a working daddy means changing diapers while cramming lines. Boy you sure don't want to mix the two though.
Getting up in four hours <<< having one week of high school left
at my Grandma's listening to <3 //
It's nice to know what the big kids are doing, but small businesses have different challenges than large companies
Exhausted! Just want tomorrow to be over!
Her and her sister will both OD in a gutter something before they're 25
I just recently went through the same thing. It was devastating. I'm really sorry about that, Cody. <3
HOW CAN YOU SMELL ME THROUGH THE COMPUTER?!
Pet peeve: why don't people pay for apps & mobile games? Ticket to Ride entertained me for hours past MW3, and one was $7, one $40
WHOA. science test today.
Night Miss Kristen! Sweet dreams :)
I'm so proud of you, Frankie. The way you've come back from this car accident is amazing. Don't ever forget it. ;) x
You may not see God's hand at work today..but when you look back you'll see his finger prints everywhere!!!
i can never sleep :/
When people dress up all out for concerts. I'm just like lol I go to concerts like its mt freakin job not some special ballroom gala
Wondering if there are any free career coaches out there.
feels good! Thanks for asking.
what happened to #Austream? are we geeting the 6pm one?
I have to go now. Good night America and Canada! Love you all guys!
and Wayne Hill still owes us dinner for our phenomenal special teams Play. Lol.
Welcome back, Number 46!
great party all day and night yesterday! Thanks so much!
For what???
First 100 pg's of book "Defending Gary" is amazing. Must read for true crime fans.
Just got my official New Look code name: Planeteer. What do you think?
Bachman's revoking her Swiss citizenship b/c she doesn't want to answer #TeaBagger questions about free healthcare in Stockholm
Powerful message today...its still resonating!
thanks for the RT! sorry I've been so out of the loop! lots going on, almost all positive stuff - hope you are well!
Trying to get my son to study for math is like asking cows to fly. Any suggestions?
what's the longest text you ever sent ?
miss you dudes come back and hang yes?
I hate to say this but jail is just a room.
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my Wi-Fi really doesn't reach very far
Thank you for the #FF!
I really admire Tumblr for taking a stand on this Internet censorship bill. Anybody else find their stint awesome?
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead. Well said :
Happy Cinco de Mayo from all of us at Girls on the Go! Remember to balance out festivities with some fitness over the weekend.
Where is she...
Cleveland Park. Have you been to Guapos? I think we're going to try that.
HA! Yes. Reminds me of
havnt talked to you in a while!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Impressed, awed, and excessively humbled by fellow #Dewey award nominees at
So what does BF3Nation.com have to do to get some info out of you? :)
Am I the only one a tad uncomfortable watching the Commish hugging it out with each draft pick he may later punish?
LeBron clutching it up for the mothers
from the league...well gee whiz....I feel better already...total propagandized b.s.
I should be at the gym or doing may day stuff, but I'm in the backyard drinking.
Thanks! I will likely need celebratory pastries if all goes well :)
v. We're looking for a restaurant food sponsor for our 4/10 Social Media & Travel forum at you help out?
1945: German troops in Italy surrender to the Allies, while Berlin surrenders to Russia's Zhukov. (World War II)
I love fantasy baseball, but I was ecstatic to see my fantasy football league renewal e-mail in my inbox this morning.
"I still live at the crib, sorry I had to make that cool"
nice at bat by aj
Why do 90% of people fail to achieve their goals in life? Do you want to be in the 90% or the 10%? www.IamINC.biz
Practice perpetual beta. Kip Voytek.
about to call jordyn so got to get off sorry everyone!!!!!:)(:
Thanks Vicente "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
The Renault-Nissan And Avtovaz Strategic Partnership Takes A New Step With The ... - Autochannel (press release)
What's your favorite email newsletter?
5 ppl in a king size bed
I stand corrected. Ahead of schedule! In-tunnel service by then too or just remaining stations?
#HappyBirthdayJoshPorter .:))) love you! EVERYBODY TREND IT!
Will definitely be asking for licenses to start with definitions in the future. Good idea!
bitch please
An article with additional details and the form to send are available on our website @ www.wawild.org
1st off, a coach isn't worried about any criticisms. It comes with the job.
Levi Benton has great hair
I can not go on twitter anymore in the morning cause u am late to school.
Thank u :) ur the only One who said happy birthday to me on twitter how sad is that :(
This Leine's Summer Shandy tastes AMAZING after sitting in the sun for 2 innings at #MillerPark! Let's Go
It just opened. 6822 W North Ave, across from Rosebud Cinema. Worth the trip. :)
thanks for the retweet!
oh really, not sure then. Still have couple more days. Hope Tareq gets to see them. Good luck!
. you can kiss my pale white nutsack! Fuck outta here... seriously! No one steps to the Commish!
love the youtube video! it'll be on repeat until next season!!!!
I'm sleepy ass sht tryin too stay up until she get home :) it's hard
And yet it's been in Jump since like 2004? Sometimes the rankings can be quite baffling.
Not a day goes by without you on my mind.
"I love You completely - Each morning You greet me with the sunrise on my face." ::evan wickham::nobody else::
Funny RT : If they ever give African Americans $ 4 #reparations 4 #slavery wud mixed people get half the money or the full amount?
guys maybe if we all tweet she can work out some sort of free event while she'll be here in NY!
I have to constantly remind myself to have patience - <U+51B0><U+51BB><U+4E09><U+5C3A>,<U+975E><U+4E00><U+65E5><U+4E4B><U+5BD2> - 3 yards thick ice did not form after just one cold day.
y.a.k sis yah book is my first pic .. and i want everybody to experience the realness and power of your book .. i got yah back
Yes! That sort of reminds me of Mother Teresa saying: "We serve life not because it is broken but because it is Holy."
New album made for a perfect morning listen, start to finish
I asked the same thing the other day. Thanks Drake. Thanks for nothing.
I am going to see Project X. I fear I may regret this. Or wish I was a teenager partying.
u funny
Travel week coming up again. Racking up the airmiles this year.
no the bread??
To forgive someone does not mean you trust them.
Let us know what you think! Remeber if you have any problems or if issues arise please contact ! Enjoy!
how about a Facebook? :o
Taylor gone be my YN, since everybody at mhs hate lightskinns
hope your golf games are in shape. Wasn't a pretty round 2day 4 me.
My sister Dolly is a retired educator who taught developmentally challenged kids, paving the way for their bright futures. #ThankATeacher BA
This doctor taking forever!!!!!!
everyday i try to make you my girl cause i be missing you.
Do it at ! RT : coders! come up w/a cool app & submit to #appsforenergy - here's a quick list.....
Tomorrow is our first photo shoot! Can't wait for some super creative shots! Stay tuned!
glad to hear that : )
did i tell you that i just found our i had to go to a work meeting at 8am on sunday? gonna be rough to say the least!!
Thank God 4 I'm so excited that there wil be a 2nd Season of #scandal Congratulations I love you
Every scene is going to be about horse rave, FYI.
Paul Duguid: If we need a lawyer or engineer, how do we know if they're any good? If we know we don't need them. We use brands.
nice to know my typos havent changed 1 bit
I've been so busy lately. But I'll get you in The morning! Lol
are u neighbor? Come chat!
Good. I'm going to re-record my vocals tomorrow and work on the mix. what have you been up to?
Don't ever take weight loss advice from people who are fatter than you.
Oh yeah. Of course. I get in late Tuesday night.
What the hell just happened? :(
Worst. Call ever!!!
I'm always well my dear :) How you doin??
Currently listening to: Swallow The Dawg - The Plan on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
President #George W Bush says "I'm for Romney" enuf said.
It was at a gas station near our apt on Slaughter Lane. SO GROSS. :-)
Guess what I'm going to watch at 9!?
I was trying to engage Bot Lebowski and Apocalypse Bot in a duel to the death. Looks like Twitter beat me to it
they close early cause of the rain!
aw next time one of these days our timing will be right.. :-) We should call to come out too!
I trained at the Fight House when it was on West 27th Street.
Luv this frm abt ppl who jump n2 wine w/$400 btls: “If u helicopter to the base of Everest, u miss a lot of the climb.”
It's Called Prostate Cancer, Charlie Brown!
appreciate your perspective!
new icon.what you think?(:
I'm heartbroken over this. I need a hug. :(
YOU GOT IT!! Lol
don't go into a maze, cedric diggory died in a maze!
... thinking about how perfect everything would be, if i were to date seriously Austin, move to England now. :(
Anyone else leave the theater feeling really bad about erections after seeing The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo?
It's Chevy Truck Month. To celebrate, I will accept any and all trucks that you might want to give me. New or used. No neon colors please.
love you too dear. Thanks for the date!
It irks me when people assume I have an attitude while we textin We're TEXTIN you have no idea what mood I'm in you not here with me lol
thanks so much for the promos! :)
Tyler Marz: "I've added about 45 pounds and feel more explosive than ever."
I have learned not to worry about love
just now seeing this post lol shows how much I've been on Twitter lately
super jealous of your amazing adventures ;) greetings from cold NYC :(
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE.
Im lookin for a new weed man. 1.must have own car 2. Good shit and a scale 3. open 24 hrs a day 4. And on time
Hey Will, how about helping to build 8 new Hospitals over in the Philippines?, any chance?..thought I would ask..take care Lee
Trying to decide what to watch now that bsg is over...
Special thanks to the fans who came down to dance after the show tonight.
watch who u puffin after
True Blood season finale, you're not helping me concentrate on these two quizzes tomorrow.
I love how many people support IDA that arent even on the team <3 thanks guys!
Thanks for the #FF shoutout. Hope you're doing well : )
Are you voting in the #Missouri GOP primary today, ??
Got accepted into the Oxford program! Might not be able to go, but it was nice to be accepted :)
Holler if you're ready for some Summer nights :)
Hey I'm a reporter in Seattle - looking to talk to Koreans. Want to talk to me before you go?
Hehehe. songs play in my life constantly :D
Oh how we need that hour of sleep back! Good news though, more daylight! = More patio time.
Reading your tweets is sure inspiring. How do you stay in such great shape?
If Mitt Romney were to tell a lie in the woods would the "liberal" #msm news report it? No, they never do!
Alright, time to... "Get it done and make it happen!!"
In "Drive" Ryan Gosling reinvents the Man With No Name. It is a hip modern update on the Spaghetti Western, made for the drag McQueen set.
Rick Santorum calling it quits. Good thing he dropped out before he embarrassed himself and stayed in too long!
Good job! Next step is the half! RT : Just ran the 5k under your name... Don't worry you had a strong finishing time of 44mins!
usually because they are so drenched in sweat and what not, that when you score you just want it off!
Just hit the Chi. Catch me at the station
Dear school. Feel free to close whenever you want.
That's true - I was able to come up with something last time. Just don't have anything currently in progress that'd work.
Excellent Leg Workout today in the Hollywood Hills! You and have fun tonight!
Nothing. Baby sitting the cutest baby cousin ever. ;) #You?
i understand, we dont know how life started, only thing that can be credible is the Big Bang aside from religion
heading upstate right now :/
Following you now :)
Thanks for informing me of his passing.
Not as long as my kids still like it RT : Star Wars came out 35 years ago today. Gentlemen, start your midlife crises.
It's superb. Had a great series of screenings of it
I miss that show Making the Video!
Well Now Carlos Zambrano can Win this game if he continues to pitch great #GoMarlins
nothing, waiting on Alec. What about you?
i love brianna she so diffrent from these othaa girls she want real love
Its FRIDAY! Party at the Pier Tonight!
The farther we go, the more the ultimate explanation recedes from us, and all we have left is faith. --Vaclav Hlavaty
“: bumpin to a little Shania Twain with and !! what you know about that!!”
Yo Big Homie we keep saying it but we need to put it in motion, lets get that Collabo homie
Jus realized my mom never called me back smh lol
I want some <U+E33A>
Que rico el airecito afuera! Let's hope this weather lasts a while.
HE'S SO STINKIN CUTE.
Hey buddy! How's it going? :)
Oh and btw ur really cute(:
Didn't i let you borrow that?....
" hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning. just a little later on. regardless of warnings, the future doesnt scare me at all. nothing's..
Barbie, according to my 4th grade writing club girls, has an arsenal of weapons. A handbag, earrings, necklace - to whap, pierce or choke.
"A procession of gaudy marionettes, w/ the relentless horror of Frankenstein in thedetached mechanical unawareness." -THE HAIRY APE
Depends where you're going. Or is it just me that likes to tailor reading to destination?
I just learned Maxwell will be at the Staples center in July... Now that's a show I would like to attend. Who wants to buy my ticket?
stop stalking me....
The things i see my tl...RT : To be honest, if I ever go to a 1D concert and sit front row, I'm going to flash the boys my boobs.
Austin's move is gonna be hard for Alex...But I KNOW he will understand.........
It's "loaded question hour!"
come on. You love that song!
can I #GiveObamaCreditfor... killing it tonight?
“JosephPrince: Involve Jesus in everything & allow His provision of favor, wisdom & power to multiply & grow the little things in your hands
thanks Steve!
Sounds like the perfect day. RT Used and today. Who needs their own car?
TGIF! Celebrate the weekend with your friends, some Vitamin D and Dundee's Spring Variety Pack.
are you in Pit? I wanna see your stuff
The only way I'll be up is if I STAY up lol RT take yo ass to bed! u gotta be up at 730 am to watch serena play azarenka
Edgar isn't the brightest crayon in the box so just leave it Sadie
So true. Is there a rift at all between Elway and Bowlen on the Tebow issue? This success could create polarizing sides in org
like always
she can love you good but i can love you better.
everybody's like he's no item plz don't like him he don't wife em he one nights em!
This is so good.
Ever think of coming back and visiting?
I'm sure not, but what does that have to do with what I said?
What movie is it?
Can we do that?? Like I wouldn't be against it...
you must be so proud
RT : Join and us this Sunday for the Young Writers Reading Sunday!
if I was a good singer my life would be complete....
Right on cue rickie!
After all the things we've been through..
Its cuddle weather :-) And all business is taken care of, so guess what I'm fina do today
40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies
you think alshon is regretting going pro at the moment?
hey buying ads to let me know you are cleaning up the gulf and redirect that $$ towards restoration efforts
The Top Three Metropolitan Areas Within Florida For Commercial Real Estate Investments
Part of me is missinq youu part of me wnt.
How long does it take to score a placement test? Geez...I'm almost as anxious as I was while waiting for my acceptance letter...
Hello, Happy Tuesday.
Heading to tonight to get down with the Trio with 8pm tonight its gonna be sweet! 5303 Lankersham Blvd.
dreading the dentist's drill
Because they want little things to play with, just like their dolly children.
Steady which is good. It's a roller coaster though:)).
i that i meant guy we got i realize that after i sent the message . chatting with 2many ppl hahaha
Exactly bro. Sad ass Friday right now LOL
Drama is pointless.
- Would you kindly slap Sir Charles in his albeit smaller bald head for dissing #BeMilwaukee ! Feel better
New friends for you:
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
Now serving between 6th and Kitlwood.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Dallas & Lowndes Counties until 07:15 PM
Forecast for Today: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Bullied and now sad. The only thing that will probably make me happy if talks to me about it.
#ifihadanickelforeverytime i saw a girl as beautiful as you id have one nickel(;
The black swan is the best book on epistemology you'll ever read. If you're sane, it will be the only one you ever read.
#BlacklightPartyOct22 NaPalm comes to Dallas for a concert party, be sure to get your tickets before they're sold out
Anyone wake up even more brilliant today after last night's sage advice? :)
Chillin watching Boondocks
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who thought they knew everything about this world!
Goodnight everyone!
Our Fresh Face KAELA has her first booking. Brigitte Magazine Germany. Lovely!
I AGREE
Good morning.
California VIP Cards are the best gift for a 21st Birthday. Surprise them today and call 619.226.1121 to receive it.
How was everyone's weekend?
Haha that's so cool :)
Would you spend it on things that won’t last?
it means the recipent of the text is not on iPhone, or has iMessage turned off..
I think Grace was asking when she can take it for a drive. :)
that's REAL music!(:
I LOVE WILLIAM LEVY he is so hot =)
we have a roadmap...and working on a budget. Getting there!
": Places fo1st show tonight in Chicago. Victor Garber and Harold Ramis in the house!" Let me know when Harold Baines is there.
NAME GAME. GIMME THAT NAME! WHAT WHAT??
The lady I just delivered to was nice as Hell ^.^
Shooting and play in this #grizzlies #clippers game might as we be Arlington vs Germantown
Just arrived in Philly for
Busy busy day. Ready to pass out!
I like the dress, and I like the sweater too :-)!
Money Is Da Root Of All Evil... So Im Sum Like A GodFather
Scratch that even if you have an exam
Can't wait!!!! Just did a webinar with Lujure...vey helpful!
Bringing my own sunshine!
Your ass :)
...a call of "ball" on night he recieved 'Mr. Enthusiasm Award'. IN THE TOP OF THE FIRST. "YOUR'E OUTO HERE"
wanted2do1nice thing4my mom bake her a cake for her bday&clean the house my cake fell apart&i didnt have time2clean I cant do anything right
#CantSleep but I have to get up early!!-.- fuck!!
Finally got my password back. (:
#Remix Neon Hitch- Fuck U Betta (Chuckie Club Remix)
Every #business needs a Virtual Administrative Assistant! Check out our #rates and #retain one today!
"Never let success get to your head, and failure get to your heart.."
Yep, those aren't reviews from , and I. They're from the corporate guys. Shame.
Of course there's a #bloomsday hashtag!!! Love it!
Print1Media is having a Spooky Sale, take 35% off our Graphic Design pricing when you print with us!! Contact us today-Offer ends 10-27-10
While NYers have to deal with a sidelined Jeremy Lin, alas, we can celebrate a year of no state sales tax on shoes and clothing under $110
Love that. Needing some inspiration. Thanks.
Another GREAT win by the CLIPPERS over Denver tonight. On to Phoenix tomorrow night. Way to go guys.
Kelly Clarkson, Happy Birthday. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Well okay then...
follow my friend lol its how u shout people out to your followers every friday so they get more followers
I admit it, I am Monochromous.
100 kids from the Hollywood Boys and Girls Club have been invited for FREE ADMISSION to the Hollywood Jammers game on Tuesday 4-28-09
Hunh? How often do you listen to a new album 40 times in 8 days? from beginning to end? And be moved each time.
oh, refresh my memory - which one are you writing right now?
If u <3 the sun,try mixing spf's on ur face 2 give dimension! Higher spf around the eyes will let u keep a natural highlight and young skin!
I definitely thought your response to your mother's hair color change was "#justkillme"
Most enangered listing continues, Ashland Theater,
I kno it's bathing suit time too :(... When u free
It's clearly too late for you to be studying lol. I hope you do well on your finals though!
also, we dont use myspace too much anymore. add us on facebook! we always got it updated! www.facebook.com/wearesocontagious
A slight station battle in the #Valpak office today - it's been bouncing between and Q95 all afternoon!
I still can't tell when to stop reading and start writing.
that's a good question with no logical answer. It needs to be legalized and Congress is finally starting to see why.
If you left your coat here tonight, we have it! Just stop by tomorrow between 10:30am and 6:30pm and tell us what it looks like.
there's a stadium a half a mile from me, and I'm sure there is an afternoon game. Let's go day drink in the sun ;)
Finally sleep
Another great presentation from ! Thanks !
My absolute favorite ": Take a shot for me."
Saw the Beastie Boys a few years back w/ Opened w/ 'Body Movin' closed w/'Sabotage', truly an experience.
it is a really awesome cul de sac you should check it out!
She In Love With What I Say Cause I Really Live The Life You Speak Bout!
Loving it A++++++++ Your dancing in the woods at the beginning is too cute.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
we're always happy to take on new challenges for some friendly competition
Just heard a Message & I know today will be a BLESSED DAY!! #Liberated#
Substitute amendment to senate Voter ID bill tabled. Debate continues in Madison. Details tonight at 10 on 12 News.
Balotelli!!! Crazy ass Italian! Only way that would have been more fitting is if he found Tevez instead
Best line of the day compliments of AU brand presentation: wonk the wonk.
Dust off those disco duds! Disco Night coming Oct; 14 -- '70s music & prizes for best outfit!
Met Kyle of Nardo Naturals last night. Loved hearing their story. We'd love to help your businesses grow here in Tampa Bay.
RT : RIP Bobby Probert....Prayers go out to the biggest tough guy the NHL has ever seen....
good morning everyone. have a great day today!
Do you have any idea if the team Ford Escape also transferred with Bravo to Cruz Azul?
Why Do Some People Tweet Like This?
"Look you fuck, I gotta get laid!"
I can't wait for the next few months.
Let me show you, at the expenseof a slight going aside
I will have to repack much that was in DiningRoom as it is wet. Insurance Called.Claim Filed.
Goodnight Twitter.
LOL I put pics on fb with no description and I get like 3 likes
I said it last weekend buddy
did I really just put spoonfulls of sugar into my cheerios at midnight !? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
just the stands
we'll be at the LA street food festival tomorrow, come join us and buy some tshirts!
watching movies that have including Cheaper by the dozen 2 and Shark boy & Lava girl.
It's swell!
I just want to skip tomorrow 3-|
Random guy gave me a thumbs down on the freeway today. It took everything in me not to ram my car into his.
yes she said she will give me a app on Monday for u
I know we're stacked at forward, but I sure miss Bravo lurking about...
Does walking by the bookcase in my office count as doing a book tour?
I just sent an e-mail to a make-up artist in which I used the word "juggalo." A lot.
Pay Arian Foster. This guy is from another planet.
your cupcake was amazing I must say ! :)
Dennis Traecy, Smithfield VP says supply chain is true food regulator today - superseding USDA and EPA. Are you cool with that?
ya it's really stupid :P
that was a great show. Thanks for the pic afterwords. You and the crew are some humble funny ass dudes. Great night.
White and Black blazers just in!!!!!!!
RT : I am getting excited to see if the can win first place ! The summer of fundraising is about to begin!!
I just cracked my window so I could hear the thunderstorm outside... bring on the rain! :)
same goes with me! I'm not always with him.. I'm always at work is what it is!
Tweeting is lame xD
If there were actually decent guys at my school i would try to build a relationship! But for now the only guys in my life are
"if I had a penny for every time I think of you, I would be a millionaire!"
through my window while driving on 183 yesterday
At Sundara celebrating one year wedding anniversary
I really don't want to report on that guy...
seriously! The rain an people were crazy
Learn about the history and excitement the MKE Braves had here and the world of baseball. "Braves New World" airs tonight at 11 on MPTV 10.
I went yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow!
So on fire and so in love that look in your eyes that i miss SO much . Remind me (: Remind me (:
I Hate my Face. Yup. that's accurate.
too many randos in my dream last night.
Apologies don't always work.
Why thank you :)
When is it?
Glad we could help! :)
Fox news never talks about foxes.
#Starbucks French Roast is definitely tasting like a Guinness this morning.
We hear ya! - The B Side RT : Would that all musical theatre was so transformative for so many.
probably outside on the stepss. x
Marquette looking good. Beat Georgetown at home then win 2 in New York. I smell a 2 seed!
School 3 sundays in a row...smh!! 2 more weeks!!
Sumtimes I think Less ppl den i thought give a fuck about me...
“When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I’d be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life" Whitney Houston
Members Card Heat over 185 (50 units)
I think I just spent over half my week working on a spine label printer problem. Anyway, new printer in place.
Thanks to Mayor Michael Byrne of Parma Heights for his endorsement for me to be the next CC Prosecutor
My capacity and propensity for procrastination is immense and fueled by social media as well as the weather.
So weird to see Arrowhead set up for a concert. I'm so excited for Kenny Chesney concert!!
sure why not
yeah I'm fine. Thanks! Tell your mom I said Happy Moher's Day :)
just resent
For the love of God, can't my life just be good already...oh of course not. Cuz my life is supposed to be a living hell.
Me and are good bed partners. #isthatwerid? (:
Stop on your right DONT FORGET ITT.!!!!!!!!!
No worries :P
congrats just saw you backstage, shaking haha. :) party at your house.
I Just Told A Friend Madonna Died. He FREAKED Out Bad. I Think He Almost Cried.
“: #NowFollowing Let's make some moves someday!!!” CHURCH!
I just seen that damn tweet that nigga sent that shit u no he got this password with his
RT RT : US rank 4 #women in national legislatures tied with that democracy, Turkmenistan/We can do better.
This weather makes me so happy.
I think most crimes of murder are some kind of hate; even the media has to teach hate before wars, to drum up some kind of hatred for enemy?
Awesome. I love Sherlock too, just not with the fire of a thousand suns like Doctor Who. Thanks!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. ~ Thomas Edison
No vote will create uncertainty - Bruton. Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future?
About to go outside and enjoy the sun that seems to be inconsistent lately. Think I'll listen to some Eastern influenced music. Sounds great
Q; Best Friend? A; AUBREY MARIE!<3 SHE'S A BABE YES YOU.
Barrel aged beer night amongst friends. Sours, stouts, yum. Magic beer spells were thrust into gullets + admired with writhing tongues.
someone to sacrifice on a friendly clunk on Ryan Braun!!!!
Who knew that i would get 70 more followers just by talking to Geno?
Just got dirty look for ordering in english.
Pool party bound
're all booked up for volunteers today. thanks for asking though!
How can the league namesake have the worst football broadcasts?
i love that you always give your honest opinion. And i would love if you would give my friend a listen
Trip to FL = booked. See you June 1st cuz!!!!
i have never seen a police pickup truck--until today. some places don't play about their trucks, good lawd...
fox fantasy football rankings
Don't miss that #milliondollaragent on #milliondollarlisting tonight!!
yes,of course ;)
obviously he was confused
Thanks for RT. Folks will have to sign up for free to read it but interesting new social media site
Similar pointers for new indie game studios? Anybody? Anybody? Anybody? *in the tone of "Bueller... Bueller... Bueller..."*
am also following
Love your #CodeIgniter book. Minor typo on page 66 for your errata page: strotolower instead of strtolower
listening to this #IWG3 by shawn chrystopher and i have to say i'm
peanut butter cruch doe
I'm really listening to this jb song
Damn I wish I could have taken some home.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there.
Love ya all
OK, Rush, just checked. has 28,500+ tweets. Now that you're here...it's time to play catch-up!! :)
Still recovering from The Actors Network's amazing holiday bash last night. Good people, good music, good time.
Dallas and Texas won, waiting on the Lakers and Giants to do their thang, for another perfect night.
"WILL PUBLISH FOR ICE CREAM!" That's what I would scream for ice cream... Cool off and grab a treat in the Expo Hall! #pbc12 Enjoy!
Watching Royals/Chargers match online. Looks like the Chargers are taking this one.
In Philz coffee, next to one person talking on their cell, and another watching loud videos. I'm talking about you,
When I heard your music I jumped out of my chair. Welcome back.
improve your network security and accessibility with Lithium Networks today!
Scared for 3 Regents coming up... English Regents: I dont read books so im totally fucked History: not good with dates and names Science:D
every day is a great day to wear jeans:)
well good, in an effort to be less boring we're going to Italy for 3 weeks and leaving Davis with you and Harms... enjoy!
I know, right?!? I hope you enjoyed at least one dinner/lunch during the week.
"I may not always love you, but long as there are stars above you - You never need to doubt it." ::the beach boys::god only knows::
I hope I fall in love with someone I can grow old with <3
little rock, AR. Pretty close to Dallas
“: Damn Mater Glee for taking Jenny away from me this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>”
dam, some ihop would go down right now
Home again, getting lots of kitty love. NYC was super fun, but I'm glad to be home. Bring on the week!
Ready for tomorrowww :)
thanks for the follow
Shirts and Skins? Lol
i could lend you half... ;)
It's April 5th in Uganda & our Ladies will be spending the day without shoes! a #daywithoutshoes Excited for photos!!
Thanks for the mention! Have a terrific Tuesday!
RT : Guess What? #TRIPLECOUPONS Are Back – Starting 5/16/12, we will triple your #coupons up to 99¢. Limit 20 coupons per day
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? #Redeye ????
you were there too? We missed each other! lol
please share
you think you can text me and expect everything to be okay?
Our Las Vegas students are the best. Check us out for Guitar & Piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com Big fall push is on!
Your Time is Now! Happy Friday ;-)
being a man of balance, I usually go for both.
Thanks for the shout out. Share the video with your friends.
Headed over to Las Vegas Lamborghini to get some new pads on the ride. Should be fun in this weather........
Goodnight beautiful people ;)
We've worked out the kinks in your DNA; sayonara, kid, have a nice day... -Warren Zevon
where in ab are you? and dont worry, you live in the best city on the planet haha
Shouts out to RT
Yess, best song to sing along to also lol
Thanks for the mentions and support!
Boy boy boy sound check!!!!!
I know. I am with you
The Goat is hosting a benefit for Paige Haas, a close friend w/ Leukemia Sun Oct 25 3-9! $10 entry gets you food, drink, music, & more!
Mornin' Friday,I've been waiting for ya'! Big story today:students in big trouble after posting gang initiation on web. We have live reports
He'll always be Mr. Irrelevant to me ...
We're out at 14th and U with rhubarb pie, kale quiche and asparagus quiche. Come on down!
just finished my 2nd bottle of
At this time of day? On a Friday? Damn the #Enterprise could orbit the earth before it gets a gate at JFK.
future personal assistant queen of RnB and best singer of all time ... he is my idol
im holdin my niggas down son.
The day i had today like omg is all I can say
So, has been popping up in my dreams very frequently lately. Does this mean I'm going to meet him soon????
She was a seasoned activist. Did you see her LinkedIn page?
Come follow us on FB for coupons, info & more. If you need cell phone/pager repairs, we have in-house repairs. 10% off to Twitter fans.
no you just made me think of him. How he claims to love socks. Haha
Don't use that as an excuse but I feel you! Lol!
dude...I would never do that. I'm staying, I just need more money.
Music can bring back so many memories....good or bad.
Fuck I'm so hungry
Friend is like a pencile colour. May b i am not ur favriout colour. But I hope u will need me somewhere to complete ur drawing.
Officially booked for the Mad Love music fest at Sawyer point on Sat, May 26th. We'll have tickets for sale, let us know if you need one!
To make a mountain of your life is just a choice- Nada Surf :)
Everytime I get a strep test.. "you're really good at not gagging!" lolol
oh my goodness Marci, these Hirschberg interviews are incredible. Thank you for sharing!
good to see you! Why aren't we political consultants?
When My Legs Falls Asleep. <<<
RT Happy Good Friday. we will be delivering with our same schedule this holiday weekend. Don't forget when you want food fast & hot. Call Us
not jealous jus glad it's not me
We hope everyone has a very nice holiday weekend!
That is really really good!
Have you ever asked yourself how come you're so quick to believe in the Devil but hesitate to believe in God?
Show yourself in all respects to be a model of good works. Show integrity, dignity, and sound speech that cannot be condemned.
Respiratory infections in childhood may increase the risk of chronic bronchitis in adult life.
thank you!!
happy mothers day TINA!! #POW! LMAO
After one glance at this planet, any visitor from outer space would say "I Want to Meet THE MANAGER."
Yeap! Right on! :)
"fearless is back with a vengeance" NOgoodDEED is an "intellectually stimulating ride" -
I made upi this one dance called the grampa dance hahahaha ITS TO FUNNY XD! I SHALL POST A VID OF ME DANCEING LOL WHILE HANNAH IS RECORDING
Dude you're 12 stop acting like you're the shit. Act you're age, why grow up so fast? There's no rush.. -.-
The guy who carded me was young enough to be my kid... :)
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen so... :c
ROCK CHALK!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pulled it off, saving brackets across the country!
Another Friday, another afternoon spent playing with the Chipotle calorie calculator...
Just woke up feeling great ! Love having no exams today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
so that's why ur finally posting instagram pics to instagram and not twitter only..yay welcome to the iPhone club.. Boo Wessy-Poo!
I just got one last month. LOVE IT!!
Right? Ugh. I read AFTER I ordered & paid that they'll make them with 1/2 sugar. Too late for me... (No next time, either.)
Those who say "Fuck Bitches, Get Money" usually don't have either
Is it weird that I like reading about serial killers? Doing research for my next novel.
ii do to,to keep my self busy ; && den im tired askinqq ppl for money.. smhh lol
What bands/artists are you guys digging right now? We're always looking for some new music! (We like to have office dance parties)
TFN President Kathy Miller will be live on CNN during the noon hour (central time) to discuss the "One State Under God" license plate.
Nope, but that's an EXCELLENT IDEA. -_-
That is an adorable profile pic. I am being serious...it really is.
« I've mistaken love for lust before, but I won't make that same error twice.»
rebooting our website
P.S. always looking for feedback on it, so would love your thoughts!
thanks so much! It was a lot of fun! Nick and Ashley's tables were beautiful!
#12 what is your favorite ABDC7 crew so far? If you have one(:
DAMN!!! That's hot!
#SOCAPsoul finding meaning in work, money and life
Are you sure? That's not what he told me.
A customer just asked for At Day's Close: Night in Times Past by A Roger Ekirch. Sounds absolutely fascinating!
yep me too
Thanks! And I'll take whatever blessing I can get! :)
Three finals down, last one in two hours!
please RT follow if u love Nsn And U are A fanss <3 make it 1000 followerss please guy!!:)
Taking it one day at a time, one hour at a time
She asked me the weirdest question ever o.o
#Iwannagiveashoutoutto (She's an amazing singer <3 :) )
#aslachat don't forget to share age of nonfiction with admin, they are listening right now
happy birthday!
RT :hate when they do that without asking!!! Just registered with Twellow, the Twitter yellow pages.
So I've decide that is my only option to marry right now
Re-member, there is nothing in the world that does not speak to us
err bummer
#Meetup Hangout +? Never done that before. Thanks
: you never know which interview will lead you to your next manager and who will be motivating you once you are hired
Did you receive the song??
Love your new photo!!!
I just love being at my new house lol!!!!
look forward to working with y'all on another great event and checking out the new
is that a snapback on yo profile picture
Thanks for RTs, Dan!
I know it's sounds ridiculous, but any chance we'll ever see Spartacus outtakes?
New York beat Miami, so torn!
wishing i had lady gaga tix. i'm so missing out tonight and tmw night
"Jazz is a music made by and for people who have chosen to feel good in spite of conditions." ~Johnny Griffin
Suggs, on ESPN, on if he likes opening with Cincy and ending with Cincy: "Nah. I would rather not start w/ them nor go on the rd in wk 17."
Telecommuters are made of words that start with 'self' ...motivated, organized, etc. #erl12 per
Just created a 4 gallons of "Split Pea Soup" colored paint! We are selling it for $20.00 If interested in purchasing call us 404-997-8011 RT
Some great saves tonight Mr. Puma!
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys dies at 47
Oomf laughed at me one day for listening to Justin Bieber , i was like BITCH .
good for you sounds like a bad habit
So excited about this study! I love acupunture and really think it helps :) Thank you Cary from for helping me out
#AskAlexConstancio Will you and EVER make Cool Morning 3??? <33
nice video g
Is having first Entwine rehearsal tonight. If you are interested in joining the project come join us tonight at Hot Yoga DC at 6pm.
if so can i have all your money and your bitches?
Superbowl tomorrow! Who's your pick this year?
I think I'm missing the basic premise of this whole #MendotaBlue thing. Are the blue chairs appearing/reappearing tied to donations?
would you since I live so close to you
Yeah I am wearing a sweater when it's 70 degrees, what's it to ya?
Changing my name...BRB
Whoa! You're moving?!
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
I wonder if I'll witness a Republican using facts in my lifetime...
“: RT : My problem is I don’t like working out in front of people or when I’m alone.” that is so me! Lol
La Mega los vemos el Domingo !!!
I just want to be happy '!
There is something extra special about you. Something extraordinary. Now all you have to do is believe it, and watch what happens next! ~RM
Congratulations to Floyd Mayweather. He won a good fight..but most of all we love you even more Cotto! U r still our champion!
i need beats for my new album...
I heard! I wish there were streams, the blue clay looks sick!
Nadav-Manes- rely on the history with your vendor when setting up #pdaebook profiles
your welcome! But im from philly!
Anybody else used to ride in the way back little compartment of a VW bug when you were a kid?
If you spell come, cum, I will not take you serious.
Need motivation? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club Membership
Proud to be the new San Diego Populist Examiner! Check me out :)
Was inspired to start Bags for Bliss upon hearing about a Pakistani girl who pretended to be a boy in order to go to school. >
Ah...bookings, logistics, it is like having your attention spread all over time!
Really glad instagram isn't twitter because "dogs sleeping on the couch" would be a pretty boring top trending topic after a while.
Hey :) We have very affordable web leads for design and marketing. Email me Risa [@] econsultingnetwork.net.
I fuckin love me
I DID IT!! It felt amazing!! Proficiencies are OVER!! Now just feedback tonight :) So proud of myself <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
well let me know where you are headed!
I've been asleep!
Which is a lot since I got a smart phone
yo whats good bro? I'm just on tour bout to play a show tonight in Santa Rosa.
Thanks for the RT!
Katherine, thank you for writing about the Global Internet Speedup effort.
RT : There is no justice in this world, fortunately however, there IS
RT : Focus on effort, not winning. #NAPFA2012 Process can be controlled. Outcome cannot. Focus on what you can control.
Here is my wish list...# Citrix, #Cisco, #VMWare,# Exchange, #ActiveDirectory, #.Net, #PHP, #Oracle,# ETL.... these are all basic skills I …
we all knew except for tyler!
I am here.... Waiting. for the party lol
St. Patty's day on a Saturday? Chaos. Be safe Madison.
wanna check out some good music?!
and increasing the levels of Omega 3 with Rejuvenis Krill Oil has positive effects against memory loss
Agreed. MMA isn't a fad. Low PPV buys don't signal a return to the pre-TUF era. Only that Brock Lesnar didn't fight this year.
The good news is that students can use pseudonyms on Twitter, so you can require its use.
oh hush. :) You've grown up if anything!
Been on Constitution for hour and a half
hope you got an A parking pass, which by the way isn't a permit so much as a license to hunt for a parking spot! Where is your office?
OMG!!! I'm so excited that you are on here!!! who hooo!!!! hey sissy!
Already switched over to the Miss America Pageant..
I would imagine that it's all in how you spin it.
It's a good day for Mexican food with the media team.
God Bless Them
Don't complain that they dont treat you like number 1 if you always smell like number 2 >.<
. he looks freakishly and hilariously like a sort of gone to seed Dieter. remember Sprockets?
Dear everyone: Happy Cinco De Mayo !!
They do have a Twitter that hasn't be updated since 2010.
Respect has a value. It's worth more then the little bit of money you might make losing it.
Just saw man with crucifix tie and Broncos '98 Super Bowl champs jacket. Guy was blending Jesus and Denver football before it was trendy.
RT : Designing for Happiness! RT : Most important metric in family tech - HAPPINESS. CC
Right back Attcha Girly!!! XD Someday we shall meet in the flesh and go stalking for real!!! ;p
ok fine with me!
Hi Mia! Thanks, great to hear! :) I agree, Geocoded Art is a nifty idea
The final concert for stunningly successful duo Brooks & Dunn is set for 7:30 tonight at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn.
When it seems like that creepy guy is following you and you realize he lives next door
Who will you see at #SportsExposDen ? and more!
Anyone? RT : anyone need a ticket to The Weeknd tonight? or 4?
hahah your right ! But sleeping sounds so good right now.
That's your babe?
haha I meant your friend along with Luis :p
haha It's supposed to be in the high 70's all weekend here in New Hampshire 90 degree weather on Monday. No hoodies here!
Um I just remembered I was chosen to be a Purple People Eater in grade school. My outfit was fab.
Just checked them out, love what they did for "The Birds"
Happy Thanksgiving! What is your favorite (or least favorite) Thanksgiving food?
to further prove your point, please see She would agree with you!
I'm what you want, I'm what you need
nope.just daves.
Learn to drive its just snow
RIP Jim Marshall..he made such a contribution. thx Jim! I hve an Artist 4203-tubed tht kicks some ass 4 a lil one ;)
i like somehow swallowed my burp.... and then I like burped internally..... it was weird........
would vote #LouisCKforPresident yes?
what do you guys think... google+ just launched brand pages; is it just another thing to manage or something we should get in on?
Who do you want to see featured on Empiresteals.com? If you're an entrepreneur or internet marketer, tell us which deals you'd like to see
Hey how are you doing??
oh no...your brother was probably the most interesting part of that town...
brrruuuhhhh im broke as fuck. I didnt get my mom anything :/
RT : My kids will be humble, yet aware of their beauty. On the inside and out.
if Obama cared about food he would not have appointed a monsanto lawyer for his cabinet!
EVERYONE HAVE A HAPPY HOILDAY AND BE SAFE!!!
Applying the final touches for #exciting ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?
#dh folk - what would you recommend as examples of DH projects that are interdisciplinary with a field outside of the humanities?
OMG - He is doing too much. I'm with you...quiet commute. Hope it gets better.
Yes we ship to Canada send us an email to with your address so we can give you a quote Thanks
What R the privacy implications of online tracking of consumer behavior?
Thank you!
No. DO IT!
Great day to be outside! Sunny and 70's forecasted!
good idea!!
Sitting with some twits, so thought i'd tweet...
for sure ;-) bff
Welcome To My Life love that Simple Plan songg
He said, You're really agreeable. I said, Yeah. She said, You're contrarian. I said, No I'm not. ("I contain multitudes")
I am determined to go to Priscilla and get a picture with you before it closes!! xo
lemon cucumbers?! They are so awesome!
"We are fortunate to live in interesting times... We are fortunate to live in interesting times..." Repeat! Stay positive tweeters.
Just located our missing toddler blankie thanks to my "Find It" labels from THANK YOU Oliver's Labels!!!
Will you be doing 5th Sunday in May? (Memorial Day weekend) Maybe I can get my fam up early enough doc come down while on sabb
True. Alex is our best friend w/ IBS! RT : I love you. You're my favorite place to pee AND poop in the city.
I've not zip lined since the army and I loved it.
Allright.. I'm on here. Excited yet? ;O)
Thanks for the RT's !
What you need to understand is I will always be right and you will always be wrong dont fight it there is notning you can do #whachugondo?
Takes about 7 years to get a 7 ft tree. Hit the stump against the ground a couple of times and rinse it. Removes pollen,bugs,eggs and more!
did not see that coming on #idol!
hiya:) Follow back?:-)<3
Much appreciation for the follwow :-)) Have a great Friiday!!
We love music!
No, Not trading any Cavs own future picks.
Just found our building, and any donations can help. Please email me at . Thanks again.
Getting ready for Thursday nights show at Club Bart in ferndale,mi
Just watched J. William Worden, Ph.D, get a lifetime achievement award at #ADEC association of death education and counseling conf Atlanta.
Whoot whoot --) ": Got awarded a grant I worked my butt off to write."
everything was reduced to work, his work
Then the world needs more folks like you! :)
So excited for bed. Holiday party weekend number 1 down. Only a few more to go!
OF COURSE NOT!!! Just kidding I followed you(;
South of downtown, southeast of Ghadafi's compound.
Had a great time at Taste Washington today--hundreds of wineries and restaurants exhibiting. Big crowds, lots of fun.
Happy Passover, Happy Easter, and 3 cheers for the weekend!
going to a concert and hopefully stay up all night.
Just thinking I don't encounter the same kind of glitching/hacking in Madden as in CoD multiplayer.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites!
I'm honored that you are following me.
Chun: the "On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog" version of web is passe. Now it's all abt authentic FB-verified identity
Yeah, cause its always my fault. -__- fucccccck doing anything for you.
#youknowyoughettowhen you get a box of Swishers for Christmas!
Off to PA to celebrate our wonderful volunteers , these wonderful people give their time and talents, they are a treasure.
RT if you dig PUNK ROCK!
Man that sounds amazing!
Rainy days make my mood go bleh. Taking a test for 3 hours, sounds fun!!!
One of my friends passed away last night and i was wondering if you could retweet this to show your love. #RIPadrian Thanks.
How do you think I feel when I see the video??? SO HOT
happy easter!!! i love yu! i wish yu would follow me on here please
last night they said u can use any pics. Those given were examples. :) Good luck <3
real shit if I can't get out of here I might come to volleyball but I dnt have any clothes
Do I need to buy an tshirt to wear instead of my ? It would probably look good next to my shirt.
Very nice! Im sure you could do a better job than they are doing.
the sexy sax man was on america's got talent
Just made chocolate raspberry hangover crepes. I don't know if they actually helped, but they were delicious.
i haven't had a Facebook in so long .. which is a good thing lol
Insane game .. Finished #OT strong ..hops they come out fresh in #2ndOT ..let's go #BlueShirts #NYR!
Well I'm not going to school today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
These images of #1940census are great!
Gonna check out my bud's indoor drumline today. It's been a while since I stood in front of one, pretty excited to help his talented group!
Hi Kelli Ever have a pt. with a wish look UNITY up we are here in SW PA too. I just wrote a new hospice book interested in reading
My parents are seriously useless human beings anything I say they don't give a shit now I have decided I'm leaving for school
The weather is just right this morning
Austin is sad. He needs a girlfriend. I'm single, Austin?(':
: Thanks so much for the #FF shout-out!
Sounds like DVD's rule with you and hey that works just fine. Love movies and more movies.
Good luck on your interview.
she has a twin? who is that & ya know its not nice to ignore ppl...but im not sayin that i would like really care..
Thanks & for the RT and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
Learned about the latest updates on the APA/ASPPB/APAIT Telepsychology Taskforce.Great to hear that guidelines are being developed.
- come to - Oct 15 - Halloween Costume Dance Party at the Backbar
I have alot of absences and I haven't finished compass
then you have me -the dope- who listens to TRS, BC, ATL, NSN, and everyone at your school looks at you like an alien
Coco Chanel said "A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future." - what's your favorite summertime scent?
We're open till 9! Come on by!
I'm gonna miss my dvr when I'm in Norway. Just sayin'.
Montana photographer Peter Kearns' 'people' image been chosen by Fox Networks to advertise TV show 'True Blood'
Some people's immaturity level is pre-school. And wonder why they alwaya havin problems
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand
Saw Kevin on the metro ^.^
no sir, its a good thing!
IMHO "It comes with data" will be slogan for physical objects with metadata that automatically enters your PDS. Thx
Do you think Bob Gibson would have thrown into the Met dugout in order to plunk David Wright?
4 day weekend!!!
Chinese and movie night
idk just a normal convo I guess haha, she's super nice though :)
#LeePelton - we must have the moral courage to respect each other
me please!(:
last year at this time, i was counting down the year long wait to europe. now it's just 4 days away. jddjfjsjdjjdjsjdjd <3
"So wait, Tyler Durden was the bad guy, or the good guy?" "Well, yes and no." - Bynum and Gasol, just now, on the bench.
We still have some bulbs for sale today! Stop in and buy some spring color!
If you want to know how much your #book is worth, tweet us the ISBN and we will let you know!
: Thanks for the shout out! Wait. Is that one or two words? Anybody? Bueller?
Since Justin Bieber got #16millionbeliebers you KNOW he's about to get high..hahaa ;D withit.
Would love to have been in locker room during halftime...completely different Badger team in 2nd half.
Glenn Close makes a better Yentl
dance moms <3 i love brooke
When my boyfriend remembers things that i said weeks ago >>>>
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.-- Ralph Blum
RT if you going to
burned 303 calories doing 45 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
how'd our thing come out? Just wondering!
hey guys, I've been super busy this week w/ sxsw, #facesinthefloor cd relase + Let's talk SCENE STAND asap tho
I've said it before and I'll say it again... Best part about being a meth addict - only one sleep until Christmas
Sources tell CCTV America that there is no official word yet from DPRK regarding the launch.
where's ?
I know the answer to everything: Weed.
Bad accident on northbound Edens just north of Old Orchard. Back up building.
They should have awards for people who never change their avi and one for someone who changes their avi everyday.
I'm thinking and are going to have SICK games this week. Just a hunch!
love it!
One of the best pests exterminators in Atlanta - - tinyurl.com/3yc2on4
pretty sure i said that first
I started throwing things & I scared folks half to death I got up in his face smelled whiskey on his breath, 3 days
Hey I heard u were a wild one....
That's disappointing. RT The #Blackhawks have relieved Assistant Coach Mike Haviland of his coaching duties. Super nice guy.
I feel so stupid!! Idk what happens! :( I feel sad and depressed
Not having money is the root of all evil
official date Miserable End September 30, 2011 The Whiskey A Go Go. Need confirmations!
Patriots game with so many people I love!
She makes me want to do better......
Afternoon sexy :)
important side note. do you have a preference for a working term? or is it a set of terms that suggest development?
You're the best - hope you enjoyed Episode 2!
Ooh, I'm seeing "Cabin in the Woods" tonight! Cannot wait.
MAKE YOUR FREE THORWS!!!
But i kept smoking through it and am feeling much better today(:
stop your tears!! :) and kill em with kindness!! :) #yougotthis!!
Thanks for spreading the word Claudine!
This week&#39;s new film events
yeah don't go there, people steal iphones.
Todays pizza is... Mozzarella, Pancetta, Pepperoni, Salami, Fresh Black Pepper, Red Sauce. Enjoy it for $12 plus free ravioli!
"Partner" and "lover" used to be perfectly good words. Today, you need to watch how you use them.
It's nice to experience the practical and professional applications for twitter first hand. I think I may have caught
I miss him...
Darwin Barney with a web gem!
scary that the guys with depression didnt play in the era of lineman built like mack trucks, the future is scary
Great tribute! RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
dang my friend u have a lot of tweets! ;)
I think this might be ur best song yet! Just cause theres so much meaning as love behind it!
Better living through denial.
In my opinion, today's short squeeze in the US equities was evidence that Friday's lows are a major support level. I like BIDU and REV here.
is conducting a live town hall meeting via phone line right now. I listening in with 13000+ other people in our new district 24
teehee What's your grade in math?
...I dont like hearing what I "should" do, especially before my coffee. , teach this infidel proper manners.
You still in Australia? I always have found that I react to news from home with more passion when I'm away. Love/hate.
I don't know if that's a reason to move your startup. Especially when the NYPD lost because of tech improvements.
Am digging #RFF with the family. Gergeous weather. Cool Tibetan monks singing. Next is Persian percussion, I think.
Practicing good business - The Decatur Daily
Just went to an ice cream social at lunch...I love my job!!! Happy Friday!
If it was a particularly tasty cat toy, sure :-)
Have you seen those girls with the tic from Le Roy HS on #Today Show? I have a feeling they read THE CRUCIBLE in 10th grade...
Sailing by San Quentin. How did a prison get some of the best waterfront property in the bay area?
Thanks for the retweet! Glad you enjoyed it!
The White Sox are wearing red not black today. Guess we should be happy they're wearing sox at all.
Looking at the program... My great nephew is graduating with honors...: ) #McKinley SH 97th commencement exercises
RT : "Text mining promises huge economic and research benefit, but... barriers are limiting its use, says JISC report."...
Nice "Summertime" video!
Warren- I'm cooking up a new play with you involved. How good are your streaking abilities? Need a decoy for Ngata going deep.
This might be the year i look for my QUEEN TO BE
me: i have to pee. parents: why didn't you go before we left!? me: i didn't have to before we left...
Can't believe its been 9 months since and I began dating. He's so lucky to have me ;) lolzjk. I'm so f'n lucky. Love you darlin'
1 PERSON FOLLOW HURRY IM CHECKING!!
Thanks for the RTs =)
What helps you clear your mind?
oh i see.. u shud visit Mangalore/Udupi at least once in ur lifetime. It is a life changing experience..
haha:) san diego you?
Hey i didn't know that. Congrats!!!!! Let me know if you need any help with your planning.
lol. You are wild.
the 1,400th tweets goes to <3 amazing people, follow them.
you were the best and dirtiest dunker of all time!
good morning
figure out a new plan 2 get sympathy biscuits.
April Fools Today!!
Grass cut!
The movie?
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
ten for dudes ladies free
Our teachers have individual prof learning goals. We've seen HUGE growth; my goal is to provide more support
Watching Tough Love: New Orleans
“ Hey, Jared Allen ... scoreboard.”
How much is too much coffee in one day? Wake up, Wake up!
Thanks a million! feedback noted :)
always great chatting with my bro.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust8728
It's just a photo app.
Auto-shorten fail.
#NowDrinking: Batch 19, a Wisconsin smooth lager. Damn good beer
. ok...you're really making me want to buy that jean jacket!:) Looks great on you!
love u babe miss u mwah
Hey LA, thinking about doing a screening in you. Thoughts on good places to show it?
Hitting my wall at work. Too bad I have 3.5 more hours. Hoping my boy bands playlist will help increase energy.
oh my goshh ! He's just so pretty bruhh !
we're too miserable
She tweets!
I have that problem when sexting #moodkiller RT Dude, if you're gonna IM me, type faster that 5 wpm.
all I need is a couple more weeks and I'll be gone.
"Your former teen-age crush." Yup. is now on Twitter. #rarebooksforcelebrities?
pretty soon he will be chasing pacha around the yard
Ooh! This is my favorite commercial! :P
when?where can I hear it?
Today I'm designing websites!
HAHA , i have something real funny to tell you lol(; <3
who's filming?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 17 6:43 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
I am so tired.
my fantasy baseball bench/disabled list keeps growing every day. welcome, torii hunter & matt kemp.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there! May today and everyday be special and filled with love :)
"Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the #welfare of his fellow #men."
Belafonte cites the legacy of Guthrie, Robeson & Seeger to introduce Tom Morello.
I can't find my West Side Story Playbill and it's not in my binder guys it's missing
yeah she made out with miles for his t shirt when we played Springwater.
I'd cuss out a squirrel for eating his nuts too close to me.
ITS GONA BE CRAZY MARCH 31 IN THE MIXX EMPIRE get at me 4 info
Don't have much & never ask for anything. All I have are memories & few ppl in my heart.
--- Thanks for the RT!
On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave & administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable.
I can't imagine being tackled by any of them!
Living in Austin = never having to use the sock drawer.
that awesome Lucia! You too!
All my followers can yall follow plz!!:))
Mowing Grass = Just Got Darker. Lmao ;p
We may not like it, but sometimes we have to get out side of our comfort zone & see the bigger picture.
Reconsider lol RT Nope still wide awake lol ": looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck"
Who gets stoned and jumps in the pool ay 8:30 in the morning!?! That's right! I do!!!!! yayayayay
Fuck I'm tired
OMG SOA IS PLAYING NOAH GUNDERSON FOR THE 2ND TIME IN SEASON FOUR. YES
A friend in AL has lost her home and most of her pets to the awful tornadoes. Her husband managed to find 1 guinea pig alive in the debris.
We're super excited for Dracula as well! It'll be a 2 week run right around Halloween... kind of perfect timing~
Hunger Games!!!
Geez ... the feathers on that turkey look strangely similar to the feathers on that Falcon on your avatar!
Feeling honored to have been asked by to present our #mobile strategy at their web & mobile summit in April!
Hey idiots... Its favre not farve... And yes, as a die hard packers fan, he is an asshole... But he's the greatest one ever... Let it go!!!
Awesome. I'm going to try one soon!
Sometimes texting is like talking to a brick wall...
I think you have been hacked; change your password.
I will always work on the next big internet idea, but I was actually thinking of opening a mexican restaurant with pops in MD.
today is a once in a 4 year day. what I do will be burried in time for the next 4 years.
I've ran into burning buildings with shot collapsing to TAKE lives.
The cupcake winner will be announced within the hour. There's still a chance to win by RTing our previous tweet.
Follow the BlueMonster Staff on Twitter, and
How cute were BIG TIME RUSH boys on ? YAY !
What are you thankful for today?
Please tell me the Matthew Timberlake illustration was shown…the frog-splayed man drawing.
I love the hard rock!
Damn I can't sleep mind running a 100
Mothers day shopping with my dad. It would be so much easier if my mom wasnt the biggest tom-boy ever.
Check your messages
I second that idea RT : ": please convince Howie to have an all day marathon of your prank phone calls.
OUR PARADE!!!! Buahahaha
One of my favorite stories of the year airs tonight. We call it "An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel." So inspiring. 9 pm on FOX9.
They're playing #SaySomethin omg
I'm so jealous, your really pretty lol. (not in a creeper way ! )
Is just the most adorable thing ever. Now all the other little babies are ugly. I feel sorry for my cousins baby...oh well...
At Archives on the go session #saa11 using mobile technologies
Valencia is staying I guess?
And eating actual fruit.. Is way better and healthier than drinking fruit juices.
And you thought we were done! New updates and the second installment of SNN coming in January!
Jew better not get rid of it
About to show "The Godfather" with Kimberly Peirce at The Music Box for The Film That Changed My Life.
I know :/ Text me and I'll explain
agreed... Not good in terms of Marta's opinion
I'm 6 yrs old and on Fri (taping thurs) Im Avail for yr show-could b yr first 6 yr old to get a standingO-let me know
I am actually NOT as excited for school starting as I thought/hoped I'd be....bummer
I'll give it my best but that could be a tad bit tough. Can we settle for watching the rest of the games for the season?
is game central Sunday. Come by Friday to win tickets for Sunday's game. Ask for Kylie as your server!
Alonso saying he asked Greater Baltimore committee to ask for their financial support. Request was 6 mo. ago
Congrats to my Toronto Blue Jays' Jose Bautista hits his 50th Home Run! First to do it this year and first since '07.
Booked the AALEC Conference in Dallas, TX at SMU Feb. 19-20th. If any other Texas school wants a show contact us!
Champagne is so fun
watching vids from OK.I gotta tell ya love that little step u were doing while ridin with the radio! rock on.!!!
Why don't you guys offer custom designed codes on your products? I see potential....
I just voted for in the 2011 Veggie Awards for Favorite Celebrity!
Participants form specific story topics: water usage/resources around Great Lakes, foreclosed homes owned by overseas banks, etc.
we see u at
preview tomorrow!
I wish this never happen
be with someone who makes you happy....
Delta finally picked up and told me they can't give me a flight until 5pm on Christmas because I was on hold so long I missed other openings
Up early and I have no idea why <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
The Beard. I think he should win MIP and 6th man.
I am partial to the Chart Room, but I have space in my heart for many bars.
Lady Gaga is HOT!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Wednesday, May 9, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
The good news is, Livan can pitch forever and is definitely a better hitter than Jack Wilson.
I think I am on the way to hell.
OMFG WMYB CAME ON IN MY ART CLASS!!! FJWIHDJSHSWKSJWHDHJW
In the lab with ! #WeWorking!
Need a great litigation support firm? None better than Digital Evidence Group,
!! I CANT WAITT.
So what's the good looking couple doing tonight.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
That makes sense, hate to think he was dissed. Love his game!
Oh, how good is that sandwich?! Maybe this summer...
Best to everyone in Charlotte this weekend!
Support the IRISH. Salad is green...use your Gourme Mist on your salad today in honor of St. Patricks Day.
RT Congrats to on election as WA State Dem Party Secretary! Youngest Officer of State Party! (cc & )
What happens if BHO picks 4 more Justices?...
so stressed! i need a job asap :(
I can see why so many relationships happen on set, it is damn near impossible not to become smitten.
Just because we socialize medicine, doesnt mean we socialize our government, or that we become socialists.
Persistence takes care of that.
My 8-yr-old: Can I eat coconuts? Me: Sure, why wouldn't you? Her: They're tree nuts! (to which she's allergic).
Just saw my neighbor drive there car into the side of the garage. To funny!
Hokies with 4 runs thus far in the 1st inning on 4 hits and 3 Virginia errors. We are in a rain delay with 2 outs.
It was great meeting you there to share ideas sparked by See you next month?
for me its past tense. I'm not correcting you.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
yes yes & umm.. yes! Im off mon & Tues and rest off the week im off at 5p. Lets do it
if you want to hear a REAL rapper check out Young Bravo.He's a lyrical monster. www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
New sections are ready for users, Atlases, City Maps, Historical Maps
": Twitter is all about community. The 140 only works when you connect and build relationships. #MakeMagic" It works! Try it.
Need Alterations? Come in anytime. For men and women www.leodys.com
Prefer a gluten free meal in #Albuquerque? We prepare all of our sauces from scratch daily, using only corn oil, vegetable oil, & olive oil
RT: Well it's very evident the refs at tonight's game aren't getting paid by the call.
We are all pink.Northwest Paddle Festival, spring soccer, park outings.
I BARELY KNOW THE FELLOW, HAVEN'T SPOKEN IN MONTHS
Oh but of course ^.^ they are the best! :D P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
That new track #outtamymind track is raw!!
How was it consummated? Is Tebow no longer a virgin?
Elate’s Steak and Eggs ~ Braised short rib/ potato cake/ béarnaise
2 years from now there will be a movie that centers around Whitney's funeral Eddie Murphy as Bobby Brown & Aretha. Kevin Hart as Ray J
Wow that's cool. :)
RT : I heard it last night actually lol - good good... I hope u left a comment ..on here or on 99 JAMZ ?
Hot coco
good morning beautiful! :)
I got a setup for a wireless connex, but can't connect.
Vintage game at Consol tonight. statement made by the fans. Keep swinging Pittsburgh. We got them on the ropes.
LA fitness got the hoes going wild
From McCain to Cain - how exactly did that happen? Obamanos!
Lovely birthday/mothers day lunch with Bassey and hewitt
No you goofball.LOL It's not marriage that's the issue. RT : With divorce rates at almost 50%, shouldn't we ban ALL marriages?
what its doing?
Is there a serial killer prowling #NV highways? George Knapp reports at 5pm
and today, i am archiving airsickness bags and peanuts. <3 who said that archiving was dull??
God's heart is the most sensitive and tender of all. No act goes unnoticed, no matter how insignificant or small. -Richard J. Foster
Lost an old, amazing, wonderfully talented friend yesterday. Hug your loved one and friends everyone. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
hey give us a call! Your wish is our command!
Was reading Claude McKay earlier . . ."Am I not Afric's son?/ Black of that black land where black deeds are done?" What an awesome line!
theres only one thing to say these three words for you,
Wow ! Are you kidding ? I thought Obama was at least 10 - 15 years younger than Romney. Obama reminds me of Camelot - JFK years.
Hofni Samuel~ When in doubt do without.
Brian Wilson out for the season, stick a fork in the
I'm so happy IDK why (;
Follow me! :D <3
um WE are one stamp away, dear.
Never be afraid to ask questions, the more curious you are the more knowledge you get.
my head is physically very large.
I'll second that! RT : This month's #bread issue is incredible! Amazing recipes and photos by RT...
Those family parties where you gotta say hi to everybody and their mothers -__- <
I try to make it a rule not to leave the house when it's under 25. I'm not an Eskimo!
is attempting to squeeze 3 cases of make-up and hair products into 1 airline friendly piece of luggage. Hm.....
Went muddin and swimming today in bainbridge fishin tomorrow then fishin again the next day : ) love my friends
We have a problem. Andy Pettitte isn't trending yet
Amen, sister! RT No drama mama!
were u offended to be included on the email thread david sent this morning? are we his best buds or his cheap ass friends?
First tornado warnings of the day in western Ohio, for Darke and Preble counties. We're looking out for you
that is freaky. I get why they want to do it, but I like my privacy...
oh you shut up.
Well I better start training to run with the bulls now so I don't let my Aztecs down!
Q2: I like the Oh Joy
You've been drunk fro a week!!!
I meant come ver this weekend. Let's go to Jakes t-ball game in alum creek and then fish!!!!!!!!! And vent. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
give a specific location and I'll ask haha
Izzy what's good I ain't seen u in a minute
take notice of how your clothes are fitting or measure inches
No one ever listens to Sedar's stop signals. Poor guy
I feel so bad for Austin): but I will always have his BACK<3
hi trey :)
Uggh I'm so hungry. I want food so bad.
~ I like glazed lol!
yes it was ! And I love your bio. I just now noticed it :)
i'd love to join:)
im listening to No Phone by Cake. This is great. Haha
Insanity is getting projected onto rationality
Good morning, all! Hope things are going well for you.
rock on!
WTF My roommates friend stays at our apartment (even though my roommate is not here) and her friends bumps her music. Rude AF
All ninja turtle fans should come out to the britton pub tonight for some beers and a good time.
So jealous! I want some Dubya Burger!
Why are boys so confusing?
Good jump for the Canucks in the first 10 minutes against the Kings.
If time travel was real and you went to the future, would that mean that a 'present day' doesn't exist? And what about free will?
Someone just get me on a plane to LA or NYC already!! I'm ready to be out there!!
Design Tip: Display your summer flowers in a row of teacups. Roses and daisies work really beautifully. www.cliointeriordesign.com
We like snow in Seattle!
text me now
even if you aren't a soccer (football) fan, you should watch the FA Cup Final today at noon. Liverpool v Chelsea!
LOL I was watching your video on the bus and I was laughing so much everyone thought I was crazy! Haha
Plan floated by Europe has earmarks of a "buy the rumor, sell the news" ruse. Risk is that it will unravel before making news.
Data Shows: On Twitter, Women Are More Social
(Sorry it's taken so long...) I'd say $700 is my absolute max...obviously would rather be below that if I can manage it.
gloomy weather =
Passion and compassion first, then: project planning/management; communications; facilitation; follow-thru; & more!
it seriously is...
It is for sure the old fashions...will make you and charlie some tomorrow for our afternoon festivities
man if only they had those in bright yellow. you getting a pair of those chinos Biggs?
I was on her show today! Haha
There was a Joseph Gordon-Levitt look alike being interviewed. Eye candy, hay. More boys, more boys!
Concept of a child soldier is upsetting when I think of my boys.
How could you FAIL to report more than 40 counts of child abuse?? Oh #PennState ...shits getting real for you guys...
I need sugar
My mom says I'm a catch
Any chance we can shoehorn that dreadful "How Ya Like Me Now" song into a few more commercials?
Happy #TAPtuesday folks
Most of them once elected they are already planning for the next election.
Public transport quest continues. This time San Diego to Pasadena to audit an SAA workshop. Easy peasy.
Both! :) RT Some say"The World's such a big place" others say"The world keeps getting smaller." Which rings true to you?
I do agree with you lol look at my tweets
Hopefully getting a white Christmas this year...
Trent looks a little older and beefier than I remember, but then again I hear that's what quitting an addiction to smack does to you.
Finally getting my on. Cheers!
Thank you both for the mentions, etc. Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu items, and 2-4-1 bottles of 's New Grist beer. M... good!
I hope this Fox 25th Anniversary special mentions the short-lived program M.A.N.T.I.S.
Hey guys! I stumbed on your podcast and I love the wonderful advise!
*grinning* Oh....you're good. *I got a keeper*
Usher-confessions >
Seeing that and hang out makes me happy. cc
Omg, I am so stupid -.- I plugged in the charger to my phone last night, & I went to check it this morning, it wasn't even charging! ;(
A1: Not sure it has necessarily changed. The message is usually the same regardless of the target.
Thanks! It was that or learn to play our instruments properly
I love this season -- all the cookies, candy, and treats. My little taste buds just jump with joy during this time of year. Happy Holidays
Its wierd gettin trippy wit out twin s/o to
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
: So are you planning on coming with for Elimination Chamber?
Eastlake North High Boosters fundraiser is Saturday
Sad when we have to look to strikers from Stoke or Norwich for England really.
Win game Three---3-1--I'll have your Highlights will have your post game
And a big THANKS to Bonnie Berry for an awesome job serving #UCF grad students!
I swear to god... Twitter better say your following me...
: Are you a #SouthFlorida local? Born in Miami! Love #ArtBasel #TribalArtMiami Thanks,
Tomorrow im about to go shopping with my bets friend jennifer.I have lot of stuff to do,photoshoot && a music videoo!
Again with another win. 3 & 0.
Without Facebook I probably wouldn't have wished you a happy birthday.
True, obviously. RT : #Wisconsin and are going to repeat as Big Ten Champs in 2012... TRUE or FALSE
did you just leave?
Yum! I made some amazing #glutenfree banana bread using almond meal and coconut flour!
I've updated the Threat Level to orange.
so you know why they put astro turf on Razorback Stadium? So the homecoming queen won't eat the grass. Hahaha
Less than an hour away until complimentary New Belgium Dig Pale Ale at !
Life isn't fair sometimes...lol
according to Daisy Gonzalez, yeah.
I didn't choose to make you my world, it just happened.
there was a gloryhole
never said I wanted one lol, just the thought.
how you fall asleep with that movie it got me all inspired like I could do anything lol
what a faggot
Business is slowly picking up again. New and exciting products are in the works. 2012 is shaping up to be a great year. Stay tuned!
Have to keep the streets plowed :P
That is actually true. RT Is being a nerd not my best quality? :)
Too busy to function! >:(
and i need to ask you a question and i never get nothing back you are such a nice person and i want to be your friend (:
I have to listen to #macadelic in order to fall asleep
Can u just gtfo? You ruined my life enough and I can't take it anymore. Let me live the rest of my life without pain.
If your out.. We'll be keeping a close view on what to add your outfit / gear up.
come over here to America.. I miss you (:
hommie come tru club u tonitt ..hit me up I'll get u at the door
*slow clap
Welp, that's a first. Public protest in the middle of the Surviving Technology session at
Making small progress towards my goals...just keep swimming *in my Dori voice*
we will run that place you forgot
I also received great chat help when I ran into an issue. Wish I could remember her name! Think she was in ME.
no he had a commercial about It Gets Better
": Also and finally. Manning has been wearing out the broncos facilities rehabbing. Pm is at work!" That's why Elway got him!!
yes it does and so do I most of the times
You really did that shit.... You idiot.
season 8 of curb...so funny!
Air France is back.
Everything was very entertaining! Enjoy :)
#biddie invasion in the library.
have to go with pee over hitler upon further thought
Thank you so very much for sharing !!! I had so much fun on the set! So many talented ppl! Xo J
A WIN on our announcement night. Yeah... we planned that.
What a tough loss for the blue shirts just not a good season with all the talent.
So when I get my braces on Tuesday, anyone wanna take me out to icecream? Thanks. Love ya.
On that
Great suggestion : Food4thought: when choosing #massageschool, get massage from student clinic, to see quality of program.
Trade in Traffic. One photo of me for one pair of sun glasses. I think I got the better end of the deal.
Question 12 or 13 is locking me out...
I like when you smile but I like it better when I'm the reason.
makes sense- how do you record the interests that you find? how is that info used?
Did I tell you? I'm opening my first museum solo show at the Vincent Price Art Museum at ELAC on May 21st. Working on a huge installation!
Must be budget time. Baker & Taylor is loading like molasses.
Challenging & rewarding. No two days are the same! As a Badger alum, I have to say you might just have the coolest job around! :)
If #ESPN can fire a reporter for a headline, #ClearChannel can fire #Limbaugh for repeated derogatory anti-woman statements
Sometimes you just have to give yourself a chance to rest and reenergize!
Had a great social media training session with our team in Australia. It’s going to be great to work with the folks Down Under!
I know. It hurt my wanna be wine snub heart
i wonder how the Castronovo's are taking all of this...
Getting some very interesting looks for wearing my shirt I won at #140cuse. Best comment, "its the Mr. T starter kit."
“: Sux.” rude... Go get your bike helmet.
wow, that is genius!
Do not miss 100 Voices: A Journey Home playing November 11th nationwide! www.100voicesmovie.com
Rise n shine
#20ThingsAboutMe life scares me.
then you will just want to gnaw on your arm with hunger
Peace&Happiness to all my twitter frnds
MTSU ROTC students to be commissioned into armed forces Friday - The Daily News Journal
At work soon to get off and hit up the church for the final confirmation 2 class text me if u got the digits
Golden Holocaust: Origins of the Cigarette Catastrophe and the Case for Abolition by Robert N. Proctor G'89 now available from
Killing me... Come on Dawgs! You should have this...
Hmm i haven't. it does sounds good though! RT : ever gone with pure sugar on the 'cado?
Can't sleep can't sleep .
FUCK YOU TOO, BITCH.
Hey it's BK, please finish the sentence, My favorite part about St.Patricks Day is_______!
The MyYahoo magnifying glass, which opens a window and then makes u open a new browser sucks. Hello... user experience group r u listening?
There's a new book coming out about President William Henry Harrison. While not born in Ohio, he played a large part in the early...
um i didnt know if u wer nd um lol ok why in a mention?
kind of an inside joke, I know
Suggestions for IT-band syndrome? Starting to effect my
Had half a turkey sandwhich for lunch and a salad for dinner.
Personal day in KC Plaza bound
I have to see he never met you so if anything I'll go.
1. Make a resolution to meet at least 1 new person each day for your first two months at John Jay
celebrating birthday today! happy birthday miss shelli!!! & you can bbq!
Anyone need a ticket for Saturday?
I find it very easy to refrain from Columbian stripper jokes around the Secret Service guys.
#slingbox you have failed me.
with its tweets so short and so many friends, oh where oh where can it be?
No disrespect to those who have em but fuck that shit !
It's going fine,had some personal matters this friday but It should be done by the end of the weekend :D Family Birthdays FTL
c'mon Y'all got better ones!!
This chili meat must cooking' up right- there is suddenly a beagle in my kitchen.
I don't know if I should go tonight!
idk dude, I'm just trying to meet new people in michigan... So maybe will you follow back?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Royal Wedding Hub-bubb. Got a hankering for fig newtons now.
Wow Baker, just wow.
Good Morning everyone Happy Friday
will be serving up a hot meal around noon today. See someone in need? Tell them they are welcome at
FUCK THIS SHIT TOO MUCH POWER OR FIRE SO MUCH CEASE OR HELP
shut up hahaha.
Yeah, it wasn't bad. Didn't need all the time travel malarkey, but otherwise not bad.
First dates are fun but would love to have one with a #SFGiants fan. Deal breaker? I'm okay with being choosy for now.
okay i will follow her back! :) x
you here fa show @ the victor
- Nigguhs These Days So Messy!
okay then i guess i will leave have to practice dancing anyway oh and my drumming :D
"There's no emoticon for regret"
Actually, I think it's kids who have the definition of mother and slave mixed up/ Just sayin'...
Is it REALLY that important to elect Romney?
DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP
According to the docs, 10.8 has exactly what we need. According to the docs.
way to reply to her haha
Give water to the weary by purchasing Faithful Fish apparel which gives to Compassion’s Water for Life fund!
yea man I know how that goes. Just hit me up whenever, check out the place. It's not too shabby.
Groove Inc. holds &#39;Drums and Dogs&#39; event
SQUAWK! tickets are only $11, come check it out
If I lost 2 billion dollars of someone elses money would that make me a bigtime Wall Street player?
Homuncululs Nebula looks like to giant colliding cauliflower! What's big becomes small, what's small becomes big.
Here comes the sleep deprivation headache. And we still have at least a 30 min wait...
Thanks for the shout! Great seeing you at the party!
I HATE THE FLU!!! I wanna just die right now!!
Just completed a 66 min workout...1 workout to go! with
Guess what? I only have 2 more weeks left of radiation!!!!! 20 treatments down 10 to go. So happy about that. TGIF
thanks I'll check it out in a bit!
Chillen, drinking and partying it up with the bff Leo & other peeps!
Welcome ! We're discussing tools we have a need for..
I put a year into chasing my dream and furthering my education to have it ripped from me and you gonna ask me how I'm doing,
Men, do i have to see your boxers?
We really wanna play for yall! It would be a dream to come to europe!
Got commitment issues? Try our cupcakes or minis! Once you've tried one, we guarantee you'll ask for more.
okay if you seriously think that i don't discuss this shit with him in the first place then you don't know our relationship but (c)
Re-vamped the ol' resume. It's pretty tight!
I wish i could come :/
I got an email from Klout telling me my score is 52. I have no idea what that means. Is it good? Bad? Neither?
great cover!
Is this what it's come to, Brian McKnight???
everyone please follow my Austin & Ally Buddies
#IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt be so dumb
I swear it always rains when my hair is straight!
easy or medium?
Thank you [: #squeak !
Thanks for the tip! I was behind the registration desk at the time, so I missed it in person. :) Also a nice name-check for
I ate it this morning! Greek yogurt (super healthy) with fruit! :)
Game on.
Ron Paul in it for the win!
Why do you even trust Ricky with your phone? lol
I played witness to it! And stood by w/ flame retardant material- I have further to journey into insanity before playing myself
dick clark what are a legend rest in peace
Just a thought... is twitter an echo chamber?
Just returned from watching marathon runners at mile 18 in
LOL! Lyndz! That's funny stuff!!!! ;-)
good so i'm not the only one lolol. why was it crap?
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
there not a lot of people on hear lol.
lmao! I'm crying from laughing
She's performing tonight? Why didn't I get the memo? :(
it's still your birthday in the us.......we may have something up our sleeve (;
you going back to.Chicago?
The best part of koren BBQ is how you can smell yourself three days later and reminisce on how great everything tastes.
Funny that she doesn't think Carl's throwing punches either. Maybe she's not getting those emails.
Best thing about admin mini retreat? Realizing that bananas and potato chips make an excellent combo...
is it really on twilight level?
News Donald shares early lead at Disney event Luke Donald got off to a strong start in his pursuit of Webb Simpson and the t
25 away from the next BIG zoom! Keep those #repeatreceipt tweets coming!
what's up bro?
okay :D
Yo if u need some studio time hit us up for rates.!
Not sure I deserve that much praise but always enjoy our talks.
Seems like a good day to just drink....
Finally getting something done with my hair. I'm sure we are all sick of hearing me complain about it.
I've been thinking what's most important is what goes without saying; what/how something is said (or not) is also about that
There are plenty of things you can do guarantee you fail on IOS, but nothing you can do to guarantee success.
S/o to the new follower
everyone please follow my lil sis > she is very sweet, nice, and cool
Playing a good or bad guy? Hm
Washed and vacuumed the car for tomorrow ^.* I'm ready to take my test so me and Steven can go everywhere together.<U+E106>
Do You Think About Me Still?
Lovely meeting everyone at 90 minutes networking this morning - thanks for making Zoe & I so welcome
if ppl slander tht they just evil. I laugh so hard cause u like the 5th dude tht got a pic like tht lmaoo
Put sliced cucumbers over your eyes to treat dark circles.
there's another difference between us. I like florida
I'm only having one.
Life is god.
Watch, tonite, the kiss cam will pan to me & sure enough I'll be sitting right next to !
If you bought jewelry for today don't do what Allen Iverson did! Just had his bank account seized for not paying ATL's Aydin & Co jewelers
thanks Poo! Happy Mothers Day to u! Been thinking bout u guys! How's Johnny's recovery?
Love? Forget that. Heart breaks? I had that. Chances? I gave that. Going back? Im past that. Moved on? Believe that.
Using Windows 8 on a tablet is the first time that I've been excited about using one. It'll be rock solid and sexay.
Thanks for sharing our article about your anniversary show!
Few things disgust me more than politicians (R) who had the best education IN THE WORLD and pretend they didn't.
morning twitter people!!! ;D
Wish I had someone kick with cause I'm bored I have no friends lol
Lake Bluff's Annual Holiday Party is approaching. Be sure to visit us on the web and sign up for details! www.lakebluffcondos.com
'imagination feeds on images': TRANSFORMATIONS '68 film made by Ralph Sargent for IBM. 1 more reason to love Ralph.
“How you manage to do that every single day without fail? It looks absolutely exhausting, darling."
I REFUSE TO CONTINUE & WASTE MY TIME & BREATH!!! I'm constantly trying but not getting no where...i will get BACK UP
Little Noni, Happy at Last At least Black Swan redeemed her.
Everybody likes me :) nobody likes yo ugly ass though lmao dumb boy
U can find me over ther by archer road. Its off secor road. Its the left after agor. Yellow house. Long driveway. Soup everywhere
From our loom project we are changing the way we see gloves and giving it some men glamour. See it at our Fall/Winter Preview
This is why you should never wordsmith from the floor and submit amendments in some printed form.
Nice start from Lackey for the #RedSox and Ellsbury and Pedroia continue to be on a tear. Bard and Papelbon close out win against Seattle.
Watching #bigtimemovie for the second time :). i love this movie<3
I KNEW Emily would do this the minute she broke up with Brad..
agreed! “: #Browns have to at least kick tires on Flynn. If they could resolve QB while leaving their draft picks intact
looks like its time to find a team that appreciates you and your amazing talent
If she liked one direction and she was like I'm not aloud my mom says they're all homosexual and she's a homophobe . It was literally A++++
I barely know this chick but shes been on ma mind, like I swear her smile is enough to make ma day bra.
See you all there! ;-) RT : :D woo!! RT : Field Day! GO SEN11ORS <3
Mimosas for breakfast... Sure why not! ...who cares! It's Friday <U+2764><U+2764>
just gotta get through 2day then 2 days off in the 610...cant wait to meet our puppy & see best fraaand <3
Ps-I'm trying to concoct something where I have speakers attached to my top. Can u imagine me bumping I'm A Boss like that :)
THAT'S STRIKE THREE!
How in-touch is the Green Party of California? Their form letters are in Comic Sans! THAT's how in-touch. (I would have gone with Papyrus.)
u damn sure right about that
in second
imagine You: gosh i have so many flaws i hate it Austin : . baby it's what makes you beautiful
#askmike - Is there any way someone in your administration can intervene in the Time Warner MSG Dispute?
It seriously feels like this week has been going on forever...
It shouldn't be a secret.
awesome awesome- how bout u?
Finished Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff.com great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Delayed in Philly. Swell.
The one and only on 's 5 p.m. news! Don't miss him around 5:40 p.m. talking holiday job search tips.
ill teach you for a pack of chew
I don't care what people say, I will always be a belieber<3
HI FOLLOWERS :D
Ima make all about you
You know you've been there lol
This kid screaming at the dentist needs to chill out
RT : wish i could attend, but I will be at work : / Miss you and wish you could too.
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
has the most epic awesomeness tweets around x3
Mitt The Ripper?
you can do it!!!! It's been almost 2 years since I haven't try a soda.
normally, all photography is prohibited in contemp. art museums due to usage rights. On some occasions we have permission.
Hahaha. Won and Done. Love it.
I bought "my heart will go on" ... Aka the sad song in titanic... And it's my fave song ATM. Lmao
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottles/Burgers!
Ive been in an airport since 7am. Nothing else to do.
nevermind, every team I have in the office pool MUST be eliminated before the weekend!
dear kimberly, thank you! Happy Friday night and weekend! xxxxxx0
": lol at the little nuggets fan bitch that is mocking my tweets" U mad bro?
I have been good working crazy hard trying to balance. What about you whats thing on in bmore?
calls Henry Jenkins one of the godfathers of participatory culture
It is not wanting to win that makes you a winner; it is refusing to fail.
thanks ladybug!!
your face >
backstreet boys are better.
i cant breath the wrongway without blake telling me gotta sit in the badboy chair..LOL..kids...but its alright for him 2say it
George Wallace!
I read it last week! Thought it was SUPER cute. I'll be reviewing it soon. :)
Ne-Yo Seeing R.E.D. Amidst Accusations Of Thieving From The Game
Did you finish your taxes?
Watching cheaters
Whoa..... That "Autumn" FinancialBreeze hits in... 4 weeks...!
Bright pink!
Did you see the special interest group leading that fundraiser?
Is the Dolph in town? He seems super cool, and according to 70's Kung Fu movies, eunuchs are the most powerful.
Join Amateur Millionaire on her quest to encourage young African-American woman to get routine breast exams ttp://ow.ly/7ZeXO
Had a drug test today which led to me drinking mass amounts of water & drowning my body..threw up a gallon of straight water
Hello! Nice to meet you
Both me and my dog at home are extremely frightened.
Got blue dream in my blunt...wanna smoke
Playing at Fazzler hall in Tulsa with Fiawna Forte , Dec 10th. Come say high .
it was amazing to hear her story!
Damn its hot in TEXAS
Anyhwhoo isn't it funny that if u have an iPhone u are a cool kid BUT without one you are not normal! Even the colors on the texts
I just cannot believe Donna Summer died. I didn't like most of her songs, but they were still worth listening to...
Follow me please :D
Motionless in White
OH in my house: "The Workplace StackExchange is so much nicer than the Cooking StackExchange." // who knew?
is this suppose to be funny b/c Bob Bach is a man?
np. Also, the astars collab is sick. Keep up the great work.
I don't want to jinx anything.. but overall I'm really impressed with Mat Gamel's game so far this season. RBI ties it at 1 in the 2nd
matts grad was today goof. I told u that lol
obama has a twitter?
I need to quit pop my sister just got a fizzy water I need to start drinking those instead!
Note to self: pick up some Schweddy Balls from Ben & Jerry's on the way home.
Great to hear about your good progress. Stay strong. We need ya back. Safe travels
If your child takes piano lessons, he or she may enjoy seeing a baby grand piano made entirely of fabric. Bring the family to SECCA.
From the bottom to the top: Is Evan Gattis the next Josh Hamilton? - Through The Fence Baseball
It's hot outside & I do not like it one bit. No I do not.
Hello Dr Norman. Thanks for the connection. I look forward to hearing from you often.
love you bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I want a tattoo on my neck ASAP
Rewatching the season premiere of Mad Men in anticipation of tonight's episode.
Aldridge the All-Star.
Love is so blind; it feels right, when it's wrong
Our flag by Betty Brinn is half mast. Anybody know why?
Matt Morgan has used up all his TNA dates. After being beaten down by Bully Ray last week, I wouldn't be surprised to see him back in WWE.
I want to get a tattoo today ! not sure what to get tho
Teaching people and organizations how to overcome adversity with my "Key Steps to Success" I learned growing up in an orphanage.
if it's nice this week lets sail!
You're welcome! Congrats on an amazing accomplishment! I'm so impressed!
“: CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER!!!” TO SEE AUSTINS SHIRTLESS PICS
lol no bro. I see your tweeting, but when I'm on sometimes you're not haha.
Yea man Let Go get it this Summer
I love she is so beautIful
I like my steak so rare that when you poke it, it still says moo.
“ “ The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming <U+2665>”
What a beautiful fall day, leaves everywhere and extremely windy, once again, leaves everywhere :D
": Shout out to thanks for following"Your Welcome #TeamFollowBack.!! <3 :)
Check out my pecs though
i've been playing with jeenodes and the awesome jeerev/jeemon framework all day. blogpost forthcoming!
damn dude you're a machine. Love the 2.0 tee btw. Nice job on the whole line!
#instantClassic RT : Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows.
lol have a party
carrot cake for my mom's birthday
What a tragic start to Sporting Lisbon season. Many pundits picked them to finish 2nd behind Porto.
Vampire Weekend, Walcott
It's official: #CIFF for the 36th I always like to have my hash in order
I just received my iKlip in the mail. It's an adapter to attach my iPad to a mic stand. Might be time to start a podcast!
Can everyday have this weather???
Heard the Cello Street Quartet in Montgomery Station, made my morning. "Nothing Else Matters."
you just want someone to mention yo ass
Hey, check out Emily Lacy's 99 Times at the Long Center on April 25 and 26th, 8pm, $15 #W&TW
#MessageToAllGirls - chill out.
girls like that?
Was just informed that 40k visitors came by the museum yesterday. Hiding out today.
just taking some time out to say #THANKYOUGOD for blessing me, my family, and friends .. :-)
Happy New Year 2012! May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
Isn't that a remarkable saying that says it all? Makes your heart zing! Thanks for mention. :0 Have a great day!
Congress has unanimously elected Henry Knox, Esq. Colonel of the Regiment of Artillery for the Continental Army.
RT : In case you missed it, you've got to see #Badgers coach Bo Ryan in the locker room after the win at OSU. Video:...
wanna talk about it?
Wedding Planning..
Good Show today
when you going to do the video drop for the AZ show?
The last two songs after the climax in a musical always bore me. Come on, The Producers. I don't want to snuggle.
I need some book suggestions to read over the break. Difficulty: I read FAST, so need 4-8 books. What's your fav recent read?
Unfortunately no, I'm playing pit crew for my husband who is in a bike race that weekend.
Chillin at annas house, finally got wayde to sleep so we can relax
Just for fun:Did you know Elvis's favorite sandwich was Peanut Butter and Banana on White Bread, and the whole thing fried in butter!
Loved "Come Fly Away" tonight. Energy + Style! Fabulous show! #sinatra #twylatharp. Reminded me of Sophisticated Ladies
Had to make my own dinner
Barfly comes to mind 1st, when it comes to booze, film, great acting & a tragic story.
good morning! tonight is the real show!! oh man im so hyped! 40 thousand people?! crazy!! -Dumbo
Ah my baby is the best I tell em I want this and this for a breakfast his really coming out his way to bring it to me :)
great song. Love Paul Simon
good time tonight!!
try me
Revel United blown away by awesome presentations at #brandmanagecamp, even talking about our favorite topic
Totally not watching the rest of the game. Thank me later Packer fans.
loved your new post--definitely got my day off to a good start
Between their fish'n and Shep (non-lamb) pie, I've never had anything else there.
Dr. Ernest Suarez to host - Four Forms of Contemporary Verse: Confessional, Deep Image, Blues, and Southern Narrative
We've ended our first day of the grants panel. We start up again tomorrow at 9 at Indiana Landmarks. Follow for more info.
Rick Santorum is on. excuse me while i *BLECHHHHHH*
Aren't they terrible? I'm going to switch my client to a local bank with awesome customer service.
1800 playoff games and only 7 times a home team shot under 10 free throws.......can you tell I'm a Celtics fan?
Glad to follow!
Is my one and only best friend even thoe she be acting funny :)
Looking for 120 men in San Diego to put on a dog suit. July 22. 5'10" to 6'2". Caucasian, outgoing and fun. with contact
it's always fun to dream... Kegs of boulevard would definitely hit the spot!
"If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play." John Cleese Actor, Comedian, Writer, and Film Producer
Good idea...going to Ojo in May...can swing by there RT Puye Cliffs!
RT Sign me up! invited to perform at the Maybe consider a show for too? bit.ly/spRkpZ
haha well... I mean maybe a neighbor will go with you bc I won't be home.
next time u should invite ;)
thanks, but showing peeps around is too much fun to be work!
Thanks for all the press lately w/
Not to worry, we'll have a lot of BEA Live Streamed & updated via our social channels & more.
Any word on the job David Bell's doing as Mgr. here in Louisville? Been to a few games, team seems lost....
Make us your No. 1 source for all your social media and online marketing needs.
thank you, thank you, thank you; feeling deep appreciation for all the many gifts the moment offers.
I've got a bad case of the I'm so fucking tired's.
Very excited to be going to Burns Harbor for the next test for \m/
Nice way to end the week! RT : Class was beautiful. So inspiring! :)
The way you look should be a sin you my sensation
The Big Bill Heywood trial about the Steuneberg assassination. Darrow for the defense, Borah for the prosecution.
Hate when young GIRLS!! Be all in other WOMEN business like they don't have anything else to do... I take care of me, you don't so stop it!!
Thanks. You too
my doc still uses a typewriter (he is 70). Hmm maybe that is not a good thing
6 boxes of brownies were just delivered to the office. You really pick great days to miss work...
At tesuque village market with lovely and Mo. Sun blasting on patio. Beer is cold. Tequila is interesting. Guacamole fresh.
Happy Monday! We are here and ready to help you relax during the busy holiday season!
Couldnt agree more! RT your camera shots SUCK at the BE tourney!
Lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides. A party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party.
You're my favorite as well love! d:
Roadtrip! Destination: Richmond VA — with at James Madison University.
Getting group texts on an android<
I'm going to go ahead and make a lil highlight mix from the game and a half we recorded last weekend.
Thank you, DeAnn! Maybe our paths will cross down your way ... never know!!
When the fox cannot reach the grapes he says they are not ripe. ~ Greek Proverb
When a MAN LOVES A WOMAN!SO refreshing!
So I was surfin the interNATE and I decided that I should tweet you.. Love you bro! :D
that's why we drink lol
Let me help you clearly identify areas to be targeted for improvement and reinforcement.
are you moving to California for the show!!?
oh my that's funny!!
4th day n a row u've walked by the studio & I haven't recognized u. What's w/ the lookin' all pretty?
Herring with Immigrant song teases during Henry Parsons
your exhibit should visit the ww2 museum in Nola!
gunnin' for the threepeat!!! GO SOUNDERS GO!
ya know he told the locals here in Seatown to check out profile.
Any idea what I can open a .cr2 file with? Raw photo file sent by a client. PS CS4 doesn't seem to like it.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
Why did iWait the last couple days before prom to make up all this time ??
Perfect morning in #dc!
sad but true
self discipline training: having leg covered in 2day old itchy fireant bites, & not only not scratching, but observing how difficult that is
who wants to hang out after the show and share story's...
Kristen Stewart Gets Sexy With Garrett Hedlund On ‘Jalouse’ Magazine Cover
ah yes... don't tell anyone, but it happens to the best of us! ;)
naa its we have the most haters. Heat fans even talking shit , like I understand okc fans but everybody else can take a seat. Lol
Good game right here
Downside? 71% of your tweets are ignored. 1 hr after msg: it's ancient history. Can be time suck.
Thanks so much for the support! Glad the food was up to par....come and check us out again!
Dear hawk auto. If all you had in your budget was that you should have paid someone to make a pop on the competitions site
We hope you feel and look amazing on this special day!
I try to be! ;) But I will be there Wednesday!
Thanks for the RT!
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
lol it could be worse. Typically, we have on the Hits 1 station, which plays the same songs every damn hour. I can't stand it.
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q10/last one: True or False: KeyMark key blanks are only available to contracted dealers and end users.
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CIBOLA, NORTHWESTERN BERNALILLO, NORTHWESTERN VALENCIA AND SOUTH CENTRAL SANDOVAL COUNTIES ,,,
The worst part of surgery is the recovery. First session of physical therapy tomorrow is gonna hurt! super excited....
I do miss Dion's Thursdays...
North Dakota!!
Whom Rush claimed was paid with his ducat This proved such a lie There arose an outcry And his sponsors were moved to just chukit
Hello Booze!
Kipnis will do it.
A little concerned after reading the #voxnight thread. Who was the
Try beer, always brightens up my workday.
ATTENTION WORLD: Is no longer a twitter virgin! #FOLLOWHIM FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW!!
MMA FIGHTS USA vs BRAZIL AND MEXICO vs KAZAKHSTAN JAN 29TH 2011 LOCATION VEGAS BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW CHOOSE FROM 8 DIFFERENT HOTELS
like who decided to make madonna the halftime show......FUCKIN KILL YOURSELF
what i never see you
We got a new segmant that we do every other day. "Shout Out" segment. When you give us a shout out, we give you an audio call out!!
I swear I think they try to find the dumbest people in America to be on Wife Swap.
Brady is the only nfl player I excuse for UM ties. Everyone has faults. UM is his. Giselle is a Buckeye fan.
Jenny you got the spam!
very interesting. I have ADD and take strateta.which seems to invoke my filtering capability. This seems to do the opposite
Cool! Looking forward to your thoughts! Please be as honest as you can! Also - if you found any typos let me know..
Awesome day!!! So far!!
I alwaays knew u were a CHEATER!
where is your mom
At strategy meeting w nat'l repro rts orgs, , GOP must be dragged into 21st century kicking & screaming
Does anyone know a telstra tech? Urgent job will be well looked after. Melb cbd area
RT : Don't miss 10 Connects Morning Show anchor Keith Jones filling in for Reggie tonight at 11:00.
Love don't live here anymore
sitting down after work is the most amazing feeling ever
chloe come with me and hugo this 500 days of summer sneak in the amityville horror of the texas killing fields and let me in.
What a fun day!
"It pays to be a winner" -SEALs
i love john cena too he's my favorite superstar :)
Morning workouts throw your eating patterns off? Try a snack or liquid meal before and follow the workout up with a well balanced breakfast
just hopped on the train. So ready for day drinking, mani/pedis, and a night on the town Mili style <3
I heard about it :(
Yikes! CB
Let's go boys!
Heading to for a night that will go down in rock history!
Shots shots shots! Oh wait we're at the vet. Sorry Banchi
Early morn meeting on main campus, hooding in evening, and commencement Saturday - sigh, too busy to tweet, catch up later
apparently my 5 year old cousin has a boyfriend named jello lmao
I think I can actually be an evil person
stop by the UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR; I'm swingin hard w/ my favorite daddy, Rob Block on guitar & piano 8pm-10:30! 10 East Walton St.
your blog posts get better and better. I thought a lot about this subject after watching "Midnight in Paris" then visiting AICN.
man i REALLY do be on time for shit, but i swear MARTA dont wanna see a nigga succeed
I keep hoping. In the way one does when all hope is gone.
had a dream i lived in Carnegie hall w/ Bill Cunningham and his file cabinets.
He doesn't even need acting classes. He's perfect :3
Gave my mom her gift, the expression was less than i expected. :/
still no FIOS for you?
first thing I heard on the radio this morning: #whiteybulger captured in Cali. they were playing Jack Nicholson clip "I smell a rat"
Want to see a kid smile? Let them have chocolate milk with their kid’s meal.
Wow! What are the ingredients?
don't worry! Our classic Pumpkin Pie flavor I'm sure will be coming back to all 4 shops between now and Thanksgiving!
I can't wait to smoke a fat cigar and sit by the bonfire.
Bravery is not the absence of fear, it's courage in the face of fear. Quote from celebrityapprentice
7389. do it.
uhh my roommate was on the team lol but whatever..i guess God will find u athletic girl when ur ready i guess :)
ProLogis CEO on Fox: "Momentum is moving in the right direction. Sales growth, consumption growth = inventory growth."
Whiskey Tango is food, fun and entertainment. Downtown Hollywood is blowing up with free parking!!
..........damn I need to be downtown right now lmao
My teacher filmed jeopardy? Hahaha.
The best person to talk to about the problems in your relationship is the person you're in a relationship with..
CASTING! Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email your story at
thanks for the follow.
lmao you only want love on vday como everyother girl ya only hit me up today cause is vday smh
Hello sir, wishing you all the best in your future endeavors. God Bless you from the DAMG ENT. LLC Fam!
Current OOH Outlook for 2012: Q1 was slow to ramp up however is achieving numbers greater than 2011. Q2 is seeing very high activity
Yes! RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Not going to share. Promise :).
very true.. People unknowingly contribute to your success with their ignorance..
Thanks! RT: “: I've heard good things about Happy Hour doings ! #hh everyday from 5-7pm!
All I Need Is Mary Mary Mary Ain't Fuckin Wit No Other Drug-
STOP, in the name of love, before you break my heart! You're following the wrong Fluid - were just now not Fluid_Inc Pls switch over!
hahaha. People still wear grills?
I don't need a perfect relationship; I just need someone who won't give up on me. <3
So exists once again -- mostly as a dumping ground for TMI Tuesday. Follow it now. Or not. DO WHAT YOU WANT, MANG.
There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true. - Byron Katie
Sorry that's
Billy V: May 15, 2012 (HawaiiNewsNow) - Billy V has all the latest entertainment news including who will be the new X Factor judges!
no..and i dont think i never will be okay </3
So many pretty girls, awesome dresses at #NuestraBellezaLatina in Most of the contestant are of Native American roots, real sexy.
That is hilarious! That is the type of thing that i worry will happen to me...because they do.
Thanks for the RTs and for favoriting our tweet :)
we both love your music<3
thats how i feel with greyson. thats y i love him so.
So we might differ on some policies, but we agree on the nature of civil discourse. That's a victory we can share, right?
omg!! is following me, my life is now complete. <3
If someone could explain why editing a page in wordpress kicks out the youtube code for an embedded link and how to avoid it I'd be grateful
PLEASE tell to follow me, it would mean everything!<3
Seems a little wasteful
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Friday night fights @ Harrahs in AC with ESPN
Love the song "true affection" by the blow.
Is paw paw available for purchase?
Hate fake people, and they're only girls!! I've never met a fake guy.
up big at half. Still need to ease up on the turnovers
I'm pretty sure we decide on June 16 and we might meet up next weekend cuz some ppl couldnt come
Just left the gym. Thursday is the new Friday
Making the world a more beautiful place 1 face at a time : )
when are we gonna track Gotye together? That song's been my head all day :D
Thank God for shoe cleaner
How was dinner last night? What was your favorite dish and where?
word count deflated my argument.
Game 7 OT... This is where men are made
I still love "killer bod" :]
no, keep tweeting, keep playing! #tgif420 indeed!
well, what fuels dreams, like the core message? Subconcious? Daily events? Things that are bothering oneself?
hail in Brooklyn..
Its got 7 game potential it David West can return to all star form and Hibbert shows up.
In the A.J. Burnett deal the Yankees will also give the Pirates $20 million
I'd flip that. The Ravens are lucky to have a Top 5 OC that lacks an offense who knows how to use me. #IMadeFlacco/Rice
I feel like there's a weight off my shoulders
no. Do it
happy bday! Sweet hat!
may I have it?
LeBron hogs the ball, and the team loses. What a surprise. Selfishness
thats all i been saying
yeah it's amazing. I want to know how many teams have a plan in place for their victory in social before the game...
LOL, All of the sb talk is making you nauseous eh? I feel your pain! I will send you some names in the next tweet.
So, how was The Weeknd at Coachella? Any reviews of the live performance?
You are most welcome and thanks for the RT, Anita...I really really appreciate it!
Next show in Tulsa is May 4th at Downtown Lounge! We will have all the juicy details in just a few days!!!! -J
I'm gonna slap u twice backhand/forehand.... From Maggie and I
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING, I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHEART! RT! RT
Can someone please make a catch?
Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch. - Ivern Ball
I might need a cupcake. Stat.
in all actuallity i want to say spank you to all my followers, you really spanked me hard baby, oh wait i got carried away. O_o
"Ask Him Where He Got Them From, Because They Dope A'F.!
Surviving this massive amount of family time by pretending they are mental patients and I'm their case manager.
I will stand with you!
Quote of the Day: Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror
Vortex 2 fourth dimension...go go go
I am so pleased to be working toward a new career in voice overs today.
its a would we can only dream of. Then....derby w yoyos!
Smart Water Tip: Set your #irrigation system at three, 5-min. intervals to let the soil absorb more water, reducing runoff.
yo gap so big i can kick a field goal thew it "IT'S GOOD "!
Hoping a trip to Tampa in July works out! Too excited
hey pete. I changed my twitter name. Fyi John
There will be another round of the MDA Boot Drive on May 3, 5 and 12.
They'll say what they say, but they'll never say enough.<3
O Branch of Jesse, come to deliver us!
anyone have any questions that you want me to ask the members of X today? we're interviewing them for the Punk Show @ noon!
Using the same method as I travel slowly up to the thighs trailing soft kisses on that golden flesh as I go along my way. :-)
Finally went to see Safe House.. VERY good!!
not to be eavesdropping but ... this is some next-level 4sq addiction. well done to all parties.
Hahaha, yeah, I'm THAT girl. It wouldn't have been so bad if he had cleaned it up right away. But nope. He left it there.
Oh, man. Did I learn some hard lessons on CakePHP and ACLs today. Horrible documentation. Well, time to start blogging and documenting, then
He insists that while he was filling a rat hole last week, three came running out - but he was only able to nail one.
We'll be at the show next month to showcase our banners and #mascots. Will you be there too?
Can't fall asleep... So I decided to study more. That will definitely make me fall asleep.
I will tell you that Elance is a great avenue to explore if you need assistance. is also a wonderful option.
#Aries ... Be ready to start the next part of your journey because there's no going back.
I think I'm dangerously close to not believing in college.
I know exactly how you feel : I think I am a little too multi-talented LOL”
RT : Mike Brown should have a seat.
they are top five...Michigan is gonna be sick with burke, hardaway, and their recruits coming in
Zoo be zoo be zoo...
It would be cool as hell to have Aaron do work for your band, pretty hard to get in touch with him.
now just abruptly got up and left, so confused
Instead of telling god about your big problems, tell your problems about your big god. ~Ralph Emerson
good morning!
Exhausted and happy-so many warm wonderful guests at #MamasDay2012. See u next year!
Exactly why we love you.
i would have flipped my shit
It is NOT cool to text your dearest friend and say you are pregnant KNOWING she will totally fall for it. APRIL 1st is NOT COOL!
i know. I was just messing with u lol. Have a goodnight.
This is gonna sound racist,but ya be naming your babies after cars,skin creams,colors,color crayon brands & now music albums!?
I myself am entirely made of flaws, stitched together by good intentions ;) x
Wondering why I even bother with all of this work doing a Web site. Nothing but drama, stress and slandering.
looking for a java team lead based here in austin!
= BEST IN THE WORLD
I love you with a passion<3
I hate it when tall people wear heels. Way to make me feel like an ant
Have you gotten your $10 off coupon for a massage today? Go to www.massagedc.com to get yours!
Finally beautiful weather in NY. There may be a drought this summer but who cares, isn't the world supposed to end anyway?
haha you know it!
ha. No. The city I live in just outside of Boston :)
Have been busy with travel and producing , fascinating documentary about journey to raw food & health, featured
i love your background :) its sexy ^_^
those fucking bastards!
": You know yur in the city when yu can't find a parking."iWillPark will solve that!
I say cool a lot
When ur a wrestler, acne is a real biatch!!!
Ahah yea :] I was gonna give you a ride! But my mom said no! O.o
And last time was your last time
Going to see Trev in his Karate class!!
My son was completely garbled at two... and the speech therapist smoothed it all out. His progress was staggering.
I'm addicted to Machinarium.
got u yo
I think I'm going to Rvc
Love Dont Cost Ah Thing So Ah Nigga Want Change!
Start a record label?
So my job called this morning to ask if I can come in...
lol you wish
One hour til game time!
Am I the only one that finds massages intimate even when not sexual? Can't let a stranger do it, feels weird.
Gm! I'm up too early. Going to read, shower, back to bed.
That's how my room was my first year in college. Friday morning class? Forgetaboutit.
Good energy to all those living in New York City and particularly
can't deal with the smell of the cows outside.. Never tried it. Bet it's fresh meat though
sounds like you're not using haml...
Is your idea that the more robust circumventions of SOPA will yield a decentralized de facto replacement for the DNS?
yo you have my number so call me maybe
“A ship in the harbor is safe. But that’s not what ships are built for.”
I would rather be going to school than work right now.
Oh....The Wedding Planner...not The Wedding Singer...changing the channel.
I don't want you, that ship sailed. I just want something other than this.
#ihurt we fight. I with it could stop but it doesn't I'm sorry for making mistakes I really am. I'm also sorry if you think I'm the mistake
-That sad moment when you wanna wear a dress tonight but you have a bruise from Brian -__-
thanks so much for the support. I appreciate the retweet. Hugs, kisses, and high fives for everyone!
Might not have laughed @ what #SashaBaronCohen did to #Seacrest UNTIL #Trump complained. Now remembering hilarity of how #AliG nailed Trump.
Delivery Fridays in the rain. Oh summer where art thou?!
I think that's the winner.
painting a portrait of cherry blossoms! taking to a day to relax till i push forward with #detroitangel next week!
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
Any travel towards IA, NW and NC IL will be impacted by ice event Weds PM and Thurs. Travel will be difficult.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously stealing other kid's tickets at chuck e cheese
Seeing Kobe high-five Justin Timberlake on the way down the court was hilarious. 2 of my favorites.
where have you been in my life double?
When covering a story where someone DIED maybe you don't start a tweet w "good morning everyone" or something similar. Families are watching
Not takin anyones side btw, just sayin that we can disagree, discuss and still be cool.
Leadership styles: captain, coach, collaborator, conceiver.
wondering about that RT Is it safe to assume that #CreativeCloud is not for video professionals?
Hi Tanya, running a team meeting about creativity for my EMBA. Any suggestions on activities or sources of creative exercises?
Who doesn't like a massage for free? is giving away $100 spa certificates today! Check out their twitter!
Riding 'round the city with my bo
swear boi ! Go look one t
Oh boy today is just great....yea right
thanks for the follow
Love the subject line "ACA Party e-blast." It's so funky fresh!
Can't pray for a speedy recovery. Did I say he was dying??? Lighten up. Have a great day.
AR tech should retain strife. People cannot experience transcendence without strife to overcome. Everyone in heaven is prob pretty bored
Thanks!!!! I'm loving Seattle.
#. Buying Pearl iZUMi Men&#39;s Race MTB Mountain Biking Shoe ...
Crunch of the day: Skinny Pop popcorn only 39 calories per cup!! Zero transfat, cholesterol free. Indulge guilt free!!
if you co-own the infinite would you have any say in Kirkman bringing in a new artist?
Snubbed by Hitler? A wonderful confirmation of your humanity, I suppose.
I love penny stocks...So I think " APRO.PK " will hit the top WOOHOO..
How is everyone doing this weekend?? Be safe, be friendly and most importantly, BE LOVING :)
My week has been completed. I easily embarrassed my 14 year old son again, he even threatened to "unfriend" me from fb. PSSHT..
any chance they call this at half and let us get this game finished by midnight.
No, the games will not be blacked out in Seattle. Any word on whether Timbers matches will be blacked out in Seattle?
At Daley Plaza with 3000 positive and optimistic individuals working for social change.
Translation: #Catholic media must remain biased | RT : Catholic communicators must obey church teaching, US cardinal says
At least with online retail the store can stay open while we sleep! Happy holidays to you too John.
There are secret off-menu items that are amazing
Query: When Ke$a talks about boys who look like Mick Jagger, is she talking about Jagger now or Jagger 30 years ago? Asking for a friend
suntan, short dress, bare feet, i dont care.
I try to find out how and what do women think about
Ugh this time goin fast gon Piss me off....I hate gettn up early...:-(
Running lines for Dancing with my Demons at Pan Pacific park.
Why does it say my total # of tweets is more than 100 what it really is?
#wizards with a little 5 game win streak at the end of the season. I like Whitman. Like the youth. Don't like less ping pong balls 4 Davis
I miss you! i need to come up soon so you can possibly color my hair! :D
Britney's dumb ass<<<
librarians are more like bartenders: we listen but don't pass judgment
Just back from 3-days Pain & Headache Seminar. Was very informative and busy. Was nice to talk to colleagues at Academy of Pain Management.
Ew it's Sunday.
cool....keep pursuing it!
it's fucking cool as ice haha and fun
Do the things that give glory to God
In #Las Vegas for #NYE2012, check out the FINAL NYE PARTY hosted by 4 tbl resos call
Want some lovey pussy
Protecting a Business From the Adverse Effects of Divorce:...
Ugh stupid brothers hate it when they prank me .-. (x
See Phillip Baker Hall & I in I Never Sang For My Father w/Circus Theatricals, now New American Theatre. Tkts @: www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
The kind of weather day that gives Charlottesville an inflated ego
dude, you are always keeping it real! Much swag!
After eight seasons with Georgetown, women's basketball coach Terri Williams-Flournoy has accepted the head coaching position at Auburn.
My son thinks that it is funny to throw himself on the couch head first, hoping I will catch him. He does it even if I don't.
S/O to my new teammates in this industry I love so much. I am honored to be apart of such a powerful network. That will show in my work! 1
Tune in to hear discuss his plan to reduce crime on the Ron Smith Show 1090 am WBAL
Wish they would look past Clooney and focus on the causes he supports. Media follows the celebrity, more attention needed for the cause.
I'm at a Michael Jackson Tribute show
I just smoked a bird w my truck and I feel awful but I tried honking
Post Edited: What to Charge Your First Client
Always blame the tweeter. LOL!
okay thn mail me..through this
“There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.” —
Gotta take time to count my blessings!!
So the big guy dont like menswearhouse cuz his tux was too tight
thanks for followinng :) followed back ;)
Nice! Sounds like you're half crazy! :-)
Having a blog that continually undermines hard work is a GREAT representation of the profession! Who kenw!
This pretty bitch was licking my pee hole, stopped, and pulled a butterfinger from her purse and ate it.
RT when some1 annoys u it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
I just realized I've been following an 'unofficial' twitter account. That's gay.
YEAAAAAHHH look at chu go. Good choice, I approve ;)
I Wish Would Tweet Or Follow Me Soon.. I Kinda Feel Like I Bother Him Way Too Much... :(
as you should!
You're welcome! :)
Make my voice brand new, I'll give it all for you, and I'll never speak again.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I like mirrors, U like mirrors? Lol
#wewontwork if all you talk about is lady gaga, nicki minaj and getting drunk. Sorry, I don't like my flings transparent.
- no prob! Have you noticed you're our "go to" on 14th??? Many great nights - some we don't remember :)
Similar to my philosophy "If you wouldn't say it to your grandma, don't tweet it" RT : Tweet only what you'd be proud of
inside of you live version >
Yes, your "Happy Hour" should definitely be in quotations.
So Stricker plays with Rickie Fowler. For once Steve could wear his blaze orange hunting gear on the course & not look out of place
This ===> lmaoRT : Real bitches lick sacks, that sounds gross but it's true
Famous musicians, a high school band expected to perform at Levon Helm&#39;s funeral
Had a great day working on #crashingbroadway LP and writing for new she can't breathe record... <U+E00E>
Really glad I got to the metro 15 minutes earlier than necessary only to sit in the station for 15 minutes
Just spent $50 at street side pretty much all on energy drinks and junk food
So. exceeded all expectations tonight. Funk. Soul. He owned the air in the room.
we're on the way home now. We'll stop by in about 20 mins.
Awesome to hear! Thank you for joining us today!! Have a great day!
S/O LIL BOOSIE THE REAL COMEING BACK FINALLY
people tweet me im bored
Having a little meeting with my bud, Shodekeh.
Who.s ready for some #Brewers playoff baseball? # Beat AZ
haven't had a chance to try again yet. Will let you know. Thanks.
Luv ones...Don't accept half the truth from anyone; verifying facts or wait it out! Because HALF the truth is still a WHOLE lie.
Apparently the weather channel has a pollen forecast. Unfortunately, my nose can sense pollen all too well on its own.
Yep. Now I'm famous.
summer = hot weather hot weather = shirtless pictures of austin shirtless pictures of austin = happy mahomies (;
South Bend Civic Theatre Sneak Peek: Flat Stanley Jr. at the Main Library at 2pm on March 10th. For ages 5 and up. Call 282-4607 for info.
The basics of cybersecurity don't change over time. SP 800-53 re-frames how to apply security controls for new threats.
women on fertility messageboards are probably the most open
i do to! thanks again:)
How bad is it being a 49er fan right now. Having a great defense is nothing when the offense cant score. See you next season.
Yeah...total bummer! RT Space shuttle flying right over US Cap now. I may cry. #Titusville #Brevard pride.
Thanks for the heads up.
Class. Class. Class. Class. Meeting. Home. it's a Long day-
ohh ill try! Haha I have to sit next to josh :(
Everywhere we go. People wanna know. Who we are. So we tell them. We are the Titans. The mighty mighty Titans.
I'm always up for a friendly debate. Especially when I get to defend my school. What were you thinking?
Sheamus wins with a brutal Brouge Kick
“: im getting a headache now..” smoke some #tree then
Just got out of school soo happy!!! but I have to go back tomorrow!!!!:|
With out a doubt the best part of going to my dads house is having eggs bacon and waffles ready for me in the morning when I wake up
it was good and I had my victory beer and my victory vodka and my victory wine :^D now time for a victory detox
A little throwback feel.
stop being annoying
My tattoo is almost done scabbing!
Good afternoon! RT : Good afternoon from Spain...:)))
Everybody with the function tonight , we'll see how it turns out.. ; )!
That "anti aging medicine" exists
Anyone like making cash at home?
#midem Did anyone on the #copyright panel actually argue for extending terms post-Golan?
Ah shit i cant stop laughing
If only!
Agreed! There's definitely some local history focus in schools. And WNY Heritage has done some school programs as well!
It's going to be a long night.
RT : Mess right?! LOL<< dont hate pops like him some Adam..lol
You're very nice. Your company will thank you for that :) They're lucky to have you.
wait, all these years I've been humoring YOU!! Lol
House of a 1000 corpses is on!!! Woohoo
I CANN read your comic. GET IT?!?!?!?!
For social media "Learn from others" @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
what's good bro !
I JUS BANNED THE WORD "WHORE" FROM MY VOCAB "WHORE" IS NOW KNOWN AS "FRIENDLY PUSSY":-) #SPILL #FRIENDLY PUSSY
Aw, thanks. Those all seem very geeky to me..& I didn't even mention my dictionary obsession. :-)
On my way to after-school hangout for dinner
Nothing really matters anymore
Long walks yesterday, then made stuffed shells, cinnamon rolls from scratch, and strawberry chocolate chunk ice cream. Now for the laziness.
Cricket is launching Muve Music. includes unlimited downloadable music in the $55 mthly phone plan
my guess Kentucky school will go all the way. Maybe Louisville.Wish we had the Beavs in there Gary, to hope for.
same same same! so tired right now, and I've got my fitness class thing, ergh!
What country should I vote for Austin next concert? Tweet Me
This caramel is taking forever.
RT - Miami Dolphins are not out of this just yet. They still can come back from 2 TD deficit.
#Rams pick of Isaiah Pead makes sense. They need young, quick back with speedy, fresh legs to spell Steven Jackson.
ok the Thunder game won for a while but the creepy responsible part of me chose studying for finals in the end. Besides....
I don't see nothin wrong
"I'm a koala, she's a tree"
. trade to for #Tebow Now they have #GOD on their side against
why is this a question?
Good morning!! Back at ya :)
Finding our song....im liking this:)
Got it!
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
The day after: power still out, stores closed, traffic backed up... yah, the wind sure was a-howlin' & a-blowin' last night...
#dblsocial about to get started at 2 pm MC for event Social media for local campaign
ur next sidney arthur cmon over !!!
NSYNC party in the car? Hell yes.
Do you agree with Lunardi if Kansas loses UK goes St. Louis & UNC to Atlanta ?
"This porn is infinitely excellent."
RT Interesting article on #librarians & #InfoPros in 21st Century world of Abundance bit.ly/o4hZfP vi
Thanks ! and adding my own MD wishes to
www.menuofmenus.com. check it and be there on tuesday!
You are very welcome:-) Good pic.
I imagine wendymaddy has a Suh shrine in her home and all these people are destroying his image!!
GOOD LUCK READING IT MA FRIEND you wont do work for the next week<3<3
Late to a dinner date because I got lost in my Etsy shop stats
hey. Whats up?(:
rain rain go away!
I'd expect better from them. They're probably just grumpy because they miss Houston so much.
Will you be at the Tickle me Tuesdays?! I got a free sample on the house saved just for you!
Posted stuff on Foursquare, Instagram, Flickr, Path and Twitter.
theres a 1 in a million chance that would notice me
LOL - that is awesome :D
"Treatment changed my mother's life and changed the course of the treatment of #alcoholism." Steven Ford
What if Storm is secretly stalking us on twitter? XD
Coke or Sprite? Diet Coke all the way!
Yeah funny how whenever I come over you make me clean your apartment...let's impact that concept. BRING ON THE REPARATIONS!!
i bet i can mention u (again) n u wont say nothing back!!
This is off the beat and path, but this is Twitter... I couldn't sit through 15 minutes of NBK.
i love you (:
Learning to write an elevator speech for a marketing class. Could you sell your program ideas in less than a minute?
tonight at The Magic Stick wsg: The Prime Ministers! 8 PM party people!
I say Pillowman is Garrett...Because we saved him...right?
Asparagus and steak on the grill. Tall glass of red. Well earned this week.
Awful. I removed the pepperoni from my pizza to make it healthier. Half hour later, I ate the pepperoni.
Eyewitness report: Athens Mayday 2012 | International Socialist Group
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Killeen: to come, a 21st Century NSF Data Strategic Plan. Watch for it.
Thank for looking at www.signatureart - This is one of many celebrity paintings to come
The fellows who groan and sweat under the weary load of toil that they bear never can hope to do anything great
Look back, to look forward. Is a company survey in your future?
Dear John
And that was just doing a random search, could be others
We are playing with MSTRKRFT + BIRD P on friday in AZ @ Myst! you dont wanna miss this show!! ohh no...
just sent you an email :)
Pussy will get you killed my nigga don't think its funny
I did enjoy that one...
Thanks for following! We have an office in phx & are looking to expand in that region. Looking forward to connecting this yr
This is why I rock the noise-canceling headphones at work.
truthfully I'm a moron and got tricked by uberfacts and spent a dollar for an app I have to copy and paste from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanjs for the follow!
and apparently I would have to shoot myself because I'm the "biggest hoe in the world"
best channel ever. Soo under rated!!!!
#shoutoutto Straight out of the FL.
#HappyMothersDay to all the awesome moms out there!!!!!!!! Look at how beautiful it is outside!
Rick Perry says there should be a gong sound when Ron Paul blabbers on.
josh's gf is yuck she came over today to see if he was back yet air head
Yes I am listening to o-town right now what about it?
Who's coming to watch the Blackhawks take on the Arizona Coyotes tomorrow? Game starts @ 9pm & as always, we'll have great specials for u!
Thanks so much for the follow.
Wrapping and capping the Wings season up next. How much different will the roster look in 2012-13? 248-848-1130.
You guys need to stop whining and concentrate on next year. The Giants won, its over!
The ppl are crazy ctfu
I hear Texas won by default. New York never showed up.
yep just waiting for this day to be over...I need my family right now...
First long day in big girl shoes. Pretty much Birks with a platform wedge, but still - 3.5 inches off the ground, baby!
RT #FuckYouWashington For Being Too Afraid Of Corporations to Govern.
Tomorrow, Fri Feb 11 - The Desert Gun, Pluto Revolts, and Atlantis Becoming. This is one hell of a great local rock show! $5 cover, 18+ 10pm
#18 will never be worn again by a Colt. A good move by
Thinking about my walk tonight. The outside temp just dropped to 45 degrees. I guess I will put a hat on plus a jacket.
That sounds great! We are actually planning on beginning our Journey in Boston. That will work out great. DM us to chat further
Will take a break from studying for finals to watch back on my tv tonight!
I remember one time at Microsoft hearing a frustrated coworker scream out, "The entire IE Team should be killed".
I drop it off. That way I'm sure it's been delivered.
I don't know what to do with my feelings.
Maybe instead of making a movie you think everyone else would love, you make a movie you'll love. Might find an audience with similar taste.
that's one way to make a list!
sweet! I'm totally cutting to the head of the line
please cone to san antonio texas(:
TODAY! RT : Happy Thursday! Selected wraps are $1 dollar off!
i just need you one more time, i cant get what we had out of my mind
Execution double 9 style...
Thank you, Miriam! It's been astonishingly smooth; now the trick is to stick w/all the structures I've put in place for myself.
It's very nice to meet you. How are you?
ok! Thanks!
Me too :) RT I so thoroughly enjoy eavesdropping on Just saying.
Albert Is Like......Super Chatty.
Its a must! You will be addicted immediately! RT : I've never had indian food either. I want to try chicken tikka.
I like how I can use as a universal solution to loneliness for anyone.
Lol thanks but I meant on tumblr haha :P
The 4th qtr should be exciting. PACKERS are still in it.
Which featured #AlvinAiley dancer is originally from New Jersey? Reply for a chance to win NJPAC #AlvinAiley tix 5/11-13 in
Thanks, Will!
oh yes, the david lee roth love will be in full effect again soon enough!
Where ya keeping the hot girls at, unc?
Yeah, Lol...You Were.
I lvove Goapele, had the pleasure of working with her on Sparkle.
If someone has black ops on PS3 add me at LarryStylinson LOL
might hit the studio tonight
thanks for the follow!
Once you start controlling DNS, you have to start passing laws about playing shenanigans w/ DNS.
I feel for young ladies with lack of attention and are mislead who need guidance, my sister being one of thm!
amen!!!! You said it!
with who? has them for free every day! :)
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.
If you are going to #pitch and #idea with a #powerpoint make sure it is clear, simple and direct. I can't stand reading
Just read your last 2 blogs. They were both very good and spot on. Keep up the good work and good fight.
Pres. announces new initiatives to boost US tourism. Why is your town a great place to visit? Share pics & tell w/
man i might jump Miami on some yolo shit last minute. Check out our video from last year lmao im gonna RT it ..
but yeah I am, you knew this
oh the douche that kissed tori too
They choose another article, of course!
And that's a wrap on THE PICKLE shoot day 3!
No internships in sales? :)
Trimet says Beaverton TC having trouble. Will be delays on Red and Blue lines.
It's alright, no need to reply. I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.
no problem kiddo!
Woohoo!! You guys rock!! Congrats!!!
Finally a trade lit reference query I can get excited about - asking about jewelry, not boilers, oil separators, or can openers!
"You Just got Broke B*TCH !
An it's usually the ones that's rite by you....
Calculus? Not happening. I need my schedule changed NOW
I know that's right! We can be just as strong alone chica!
RT : shut up j wat happened n Lafayette stays n lafayette hoeffa
No one ever went broke by saying no too often. -Harvey Mckay
Really would love to maintain 3 twitter accounts, but can't keep up! Come find me at main and side project :) xoxo
By Rob Markman The new Kanye West remix; that’s the sh-- Young Chops don’t like. The producer of Cheif Keef’s original v
Perfecting my ice-waddle this afternoon :3
Ignorance is bliss
ps3 ?! What's your name?
I cannot sleep . Why are you up Ricardo ? Lol .
Hello hello remember me , I'm everything you can't control
Dang, forgot about not starting with @ while tweeting.
Nah I don't remember this!
Waiting again for that spot.
Really! I wondered how blue his eyes r! Girl, okay. Keep it coming re: Michael Early. I need 2 know!
'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark dead at 82 - Victorville Daily Press
We say "surviving" the end of the yr; can we thrive?
Wow, that jerk still won't unfollow me
Try editing photos with a 2 year old and a 4-month old.. both crying!
Tweeting from set! is killin it and is barefoot.
rad ! RT : We are having a Solar Eclipse Viewing Party w/ free solar safe eye ware- Sunday, 4-8!
If you love golf and you love to travel please check out a new company that is part of skylight group called www.golftours.com. Trips to Sc…
According to nfl draft report.. versatile guy, can run, catch, return, throw, and block. He has value outside of WR numbers.
Being microsmotheredmanaged at work is annoying.
I promise we didn't disappear! Actually, the new date for the premiere is JAN 29th! Tickets go on sale soon, so pay attention! Best- PLT
People of #Greece, if you get fed up with #Europe, why not come to Florida and enjoy our beaches and islands for a while?
our nonprof design shop does responsive design for nonprof, how do nfp determine if responsive site or app right platform?
"Love me, love me. Say that you love me... Pretend that you love me". Thank you, Cardigans.
#send flowers this Christmas? Please tell your florist it is ok to leave on porch if no one home - many people are out shopping / visiting
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Just did a real time video yoga workout at the #zenden #sxswi with wello.co Really fun concept! Good luck #wello !
#farming is coming closer to reality, and closer each page of the 30 books I have on it now.
If you need HVAC installation in your home, business or enterprise we are proud to offer you the best service on this area
My lil cousin has never ever seen a movie so i spent the night at her house & i bought every single movie movie
With my car stuck in a parking garage until late tonight, I'm left to wander the city, watching the clouds move in. It's strangely soothing.
me too! I'm seriously so nervous to get on a plane. I'll need to be heavily drugged up <U+E30F><U+E01D><U+E107>
Will gladly trade studio time if someone can teach me how to build fireworks.
ugh awful. I'm sorry. Been there recently myself :-( you are welcome here anytime. I'll take you out! *hugs*
Playoff hockey means 2 televisions set up in the basement...1 to please Red Wings Fans and the other to please the lone Flyers fan.
Y ME
Everybody go follow my bud and beat him at words with friends!
Man I know Dr. Oz is a good guy but I swear if he told people that drinking motor oil daily was healthy they'd do it lol
Kobe should be ejected for that foul on Faried.
Chicago police nab suspect in minutes of robbery
Oh boy, lazy day filled work workouts, sleeping, and reading. I really have quite a boring life.
and you do it so well!!
Buffalo Wild Wings or bust, bia!
thats how I feel about polish!
I need food in my stomach NOW
You know you're working too much when you walk 5 blocks to your car, only to realize you parked 50 yards from the office.
Must still be on Cali time to be up this early...or maybe its the birds that won't stop chirping out our window?
Love this life!
Forgot I had a mango.
Tony, your link does not work. where on FHTM Central is the info on Xoom located? Thank you for the help!!!
And at what point in his career was Andre Miller among the 20 or so best players in the #NBA in any given year?
I prefer a cigar. I think it's just because it's raining and I can't go out on the deck and have one.
sorry about that, I though I was following you already. :)
She worked in a hospital, cleaning up after operations.
: a little Bell told me you are a "God" at C. I've got a project I could use some advice on.
Easy Lover.
guys I'm watching my stories pleeeze keep the tweetyz to the most essential bits of info
Follow me on instagram if you feel like it Its_Insane
Deliveries to Alchemy, Old Fasioned, Maduro, Coopers, and The Mason today. Otherwise, cleaning tanks.
hehehe RT : Pretty sure I just OD'd... on Cuban coffee. Uffda! Feel like paddling to the Bahamas now.
Trying to wrap my head around variable costing on income statements, it seemed so easy at first, but now has my head spinning
Dear , We don't owe you money, so you can stop sending bill collectors after us. Thanks.
Another great lunch from in Annapolis. Nicole and her crew are the best!!
Ha okay, I see. I don't knit -btdubs. (but I did try. Did not work out.)
Lmao RT : these girls really think they the real mean girls of cuyahoga county
R.I.P. Junior Seau. He was a great football player. I loved watching this guy play. :(
a lot of game left #Brewers fans. Hang in there!
You're not unattractive or ugly. You're just pretty in a way I can't appreciate.
Lets Note violent political rhetoric on the heels of the violence in Arizona. Thanks for bringing the battlefield home.
Yep! It's one of the few times I am, so I have to enjoy it.
Good night, all!!
Ordered 4 iPhone cases and they are seriously so pimp! Theyre not boring normal ones, one is made out of wood (;
Tell your sistaaas if they wanna hang out later :D <3
So true!!
oh yes! Are you in dc?
Carlsbad Music Festival and ArtPower commission new work by composer Andy Akiko
At the Marietta Diner, when a hummer roles up. Out pops out to butch chiks and a midget. The midget was thick:) lol
WHY IS THERE NO BASEBALL TODAY!!?? :( BEN IS SAD!!
the pornstar herokee is a force
Picked her up big guy
i don't even know.
yeh I think that hook will glitch into another melody nicely! Look forward to hearing it done!
God took the Cross, which represented guilt, punishment and pain, and He turned it into a symbol of freedom, healing and victory.
they should eat at / Sweet Tomatoes. Great place for kids!!
RT Is there someone who works or has worked who can explain the consistently horrible service?! Is it a union thing?
I miss tall guy, funny hat guy and peter pan :(
Premium or free? Did you get sponsored group accounts?
I second that emotion!
“: The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat" / See, even God dislikes cats.
wow, this debugging and playing with installs and apps is taking too much time. Worse part? I am enjoying it.
Just so you know .. I don't follow people who say "F4F?" or people that say "please follow me, I need more followers."flw me I flw you.easy.
just to let ya know #wurz committed to oswegoooo!
Hoping for a good day tomorrow.
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
FFL constantly reminds me that Magic cards do a lot of different things, and there are a million cards which is like a million things to try
GO BULLS!
What’s your favorite wine bar in Milwaukee?
Malibu #Triathlon tomorrow! Who's going? Should be a good time with lots of super fit athletes competing. Go T2!
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt..
Career transitions & career advancement are supported by coaching. Email me.
We're do you work at ?
Spent last night w at LA Forum. What an unbelievable show. Perfect.
I hope you enjoyed the podcast! We had a great time doing it.
How's the photography going? Get started yet?
How did I know andyf would chime in?
Mom and I do NOT belong in the kitchen... We were making stuffed shells and the tomato sauce exploded! No joke our lid on it broke!!! LMFAO!
Aaron Ross and Sanya Richards-Ross are the honorary co-captains of today's Orange/White game.
Wow im ^
Hahaha! Who styled her? Better question, who let her go out in public wearing that? BEST question, why would she want to?!
Finished with day one at the UX immersion Conference in Portland, OR. great class on Mobile UX
Right! And then it's like super quiet&people start to stare at you..
Looking forward to the 21st. Flying to 5R4 in the SR22 to pick up Grady! Anyone been to Foley, AL?
nah bro... u r going to want to see this place...
Story of inspirational Janesville girl and her surgeon to air tonight at 10pm on Reporter is
Anyone read Fifty Shades of Grey? I hear it has some cool purple prose!
Aww! Cool! :) I'm a Cadette. Our group is a really small, homeschool only group, but I love it. :)
Cummings on #bay: I want to be able to see young boys go crabbing with their fathers, like I was able.
cool, sounds fun!
The boats still sinks and Jack dies. You would think that this could be remedied in the 3D remake.
Great game! Keep it up boys!
Healthy news and information from Dr. Allen Ashforth. Published monthly by Ashforth Chiropractic Family Wellness Center. April 2012 issue.
Hey so do they call Spanish nerds Spanerds?
#NP 5 on the KUSH BOB AT IGNORANT LEVELS
gonna refilm this shit another time i guess...
I ride for my nigga dawg <U+266C>
Wow, we are LIVE. Hi! It's Charlotte. Nervous. Or maybe it's the four shots of espresso kicking in.
Great post. A lot of executives don't understand strategy behind conversational writing in ad copy either.
there's probably a lot of crazies out there that worship you like a saint... :D
I always give it my all....that's how peanut butter and jelly do <3
I've been reading up on the library porn debacle in Seattle, the latest of many, and I wonder why librarians would do this to themselves.
Thanks for the RT!
I wish I was a little bit taller....I wish I was a baller....
Hey are you a fan of gypsy jazz?
Now that we learned the new bed is perfect for maps, we should work on that finals paper
it just thrown away really sucks . but in all reality thank you for being selfish and light heartd enough to teach me a life changing lesson
Health Insurance of Florida is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe onli
Not sure why I Tweet all of EAS' posts but I do love her blog. We can't figure it out but glad you like it too!
Man, I am just straight up kickin' the crap of my To-Do list today.
Damn I missed Karaoke :( Damn Work:(
Dont delete! Shows you're keeping em on their toes
RT : This crying mother-daughter Razr commercial makes me want to throw something at the TV. // ME TOO!
so exciting! Congrats to your alums!
: text per se is not data
Selling &#39;Act of Valor&#39;: How a Targeted Marketing Campaign Led to a Big Opening Weekend
I guess I should really re-watch BOTTLE ROCKET. I've seen it once and it didn't click for me. I have it on Blu. Must see it before MOONRISE.
So excited to meet tomorrow in Orlando for PRSA event. I'm so excited I'm driving over from Tampa to see her speak!
i'm done
just saw that trailer... Shit looks so good
Nice. Sounds like a good idea.
Dear Mom, Happy Birthday and Happy Mothers day. Your birthday, My birthday and Mothers day, <333 I love you
Steven Cherundolo (USA) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
happy birthday my fellow Capricorn! My birthday is Thursday! Have a great day!
I always smell like chlorine and Icey-Hot. Chick magnet.
How's everyone doing? We've been recording this acoustic EP, and it's coming out great. We're excited for Everyone to hear it! :)
TONY T "MR. BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE" WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM @ 5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD "START YA COUNTDOWN"
I will eat your children - Mike mother fuckin Tyson
Only do things you want people to see.
It's just another source for what I saw yesterday. Make of it what you will.
where the fuck did you get RV?
this is exactly what i mean
omg austin looks so fucking cute omfg
How many more must die until Hamas stops trying to murder Israeli Civilians.Or I guess you don't mind Jews being killed now right
Thank you to Sarah for your donation!
Cant wait to see Yall in Milwaukee WI #Nba2k12 Love your Music Guys
I do dis 4 REAL...bc I neva been FAKE
Yeah, outside of tennis, it's my favorite sport to watch. Grand slams and NBA playoffs...great times.
why r u and adam lambert having a twitter war?
Thank you for a delightful Saturday at Scottsville Farmers Market. See you next week!
it's sad to see other people's tweets about #UnderTheMistletoe because my don't won't tell me where he hid it. <U+E058>
I'm in Ireland(: #YEE Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mother. I wouldn't be anywhere with my dreams if it wasn't for you(: i love you.
Gay kids have crushes too! I would have had one on you if I was 15 & watching Smash. But I'm 23 now & yes, I'm crushing on you.
"When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective." -- George C. Marshall
Maybe it's the angst in me, but I love waking up to the sound of rain.
like cotton candy! Cute (:
and where would someone find one of those?
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere Americans don't know what America stands for any more.
Unusually active on Facebook and Twitter today yet still productive. Do feel a bit more aware of what's going on in the world at least.
Massage flushes muscles of built-up waste products that can make you sore after vigorous exercise.
Injecting fun RT : a talking chicken, , from NASA, mission mascot 4 solar dynamics obsrvtory.
I got a taste for goat
Yes it is! Was last in town at the end of January.
#india585 blown out by the bells at the Hanuman temple in Delhi
Deregulation of the energy markets (Consumer Choice) allows consumers to shop for energy but most black dont understand the concepts.
Shew I'm relieved. Glad he's okay.
- I heard it on Bainbridge Island. I have no idea what it was.
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ...you are the helper of the fatherless."
12 Contracts signed at Fifth On The Park in the past week. knows how to turn a building around! Great work team!
Haha, your tweets...
Straight up, now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?.
I should have sang "will you light my candle?" Ala mimi from rent.
Big game tomorrow! Let's get this win fairview!
Just like #2010, has taken over my stereo in
Creating a photo memory book on Pixable is super simple - don't let our deal pass you by! 61% off a Pixable book on www.crowdclick.com!
Dear coworkers: I think you've misunderstood the purpose of the red exclamation point on emails. They are only for URGENT EMERGENCIES!
Did schoolwork on a Saturday for once, though I can't say it was enjoyable
A good leader hires the right people to do the job. Don't you agree?
everyone please follow my personal twitter i'll be tweeting about my life daily / etc
this just demonstrates one if the reasons why things are not getting done in Washington. The do nothing GOP!!!
Ray Liotta in 'Something Wild' has one of the great character entrances, courtesy of Jonathan Demme and the Feelies.
Hi Caroline,I cracked up when he did that drag skit.Too funny! The Little Brother one was awesome.
just watch tape, all you doubters real. His story is a great inspiration to youth as well!! Good choice !!
Finally quiet! I think they caught the bad guy.
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Wait for haters to have a good trend for once?
But hey, we got an official state gun!
May the fourth be with you.
Having a #FrankOcean kind of day. The kind if day you listen to F.O. and let reality set in.
Great time to move to Dallas! (What I am not thinking)
Whoa! We just felt the earthquake in Ohio pass it on
Yes. #dreamumc sorry to blow up your feed!
Thanks Josh! : If/when I ever get married, I will be using !
I'm with To whatever end.
thanks, I am a huge fan or Foursquare integration in sports, got me hooked!
OMFG... I'm bored at man
its kind of like a guys urban legend ... Shit doesn't exist ,if so there would be hella fat ass'es everywhere lol
RT : What a good night
haha I didnt. I totally called her out.
Hey #Scoutmob #Seattle users: what's a place in your 'hood you want to see covered? Let know & he'll check it out!
I like to look at different lofts and try to imagine myself living there.
Don't worry we'll be there on Thursday with plenty of Newmans
You bet! Great organization and great people. RT: Thanks for being the emcee for today's luncheon!
RT : When venturing into business, have a business meeting with God! Jennifer
Why is he bent over like that? Does he miss the cows that much?!
are u saying u got a new tattoo?
Virgin America announces it will bring its service to Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) this year.
Congratulations, I love you!! ;D
mann Mizzou hurt me, Duke did not. I had them losing next round anyways... We need to set up a Masters pool
can you talk to us ?
seriously? You don't even know what the situation is. If you don't want to see it, stop following and block me.
The guy sounds befuddled, but they're going to reprint them for me. Who knows if I'll receive it in time.
Life requires thorough preparation -- veneer isn't worth anything
yes no response
what did u mean of "they" ??
Clayton Kershaw is recovering from the flu, Vin Scully has a cold and 56,000 fans have DODGER FEVER!
Cool toolkit for data visualization
Ive been running the streets enjoying this weather now I need to head home and get some sleep for work tonight!
I'm so done with school. Like, so done. I have so much on my mind and school's on the other end becoming a distraction.
so cute! Sorry I missed you event. They never called the game in spite of the rain.
"The only limit to our dreams of tomorrow will be our doubts of today" ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt~
I wanna see your peacock!
#followfriday as heard on and - request their hit song "Daylight" TODAY!!! RT
You tryna come to the house party tomorrow ?
Ikr I wish he would follow me!(:
the love month is here! <3 time to design the town RED! :D
Step 1: Drink.
Haters going to hate lmao
In Europe they use A series paper; different size than US paper.
thanks for bringing your step momma in! Ways glad to have visitors at #PrideConditioning! Hope she "enjoyed" it! Haha!
You've moved on. So it's clearly time for me to.
you know it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
UGH. This whole not having a phone thing is really screwing me over
kickball, royals game, cinco de sporting this weekend!
“: Hey I don't fly much but these planes can be used without wings, correct?” I don't think so lol.
thank you for today's info-rich program on the 1940 Census
What doesn't kill you might give you diarrhea.
What do you think of it? I'm dying to get my hands on it.
Just got completely man-handled by my final #nobiggie smh
Just finished Catching Fire. Not gonna lie. I was a bit disappointed. Hopefully the last one will make up for it.
Switchmen is 91.3 in the Lexington area for a full hour and we didn't know it! Rock n Roll! Get down to Lynagh's.
Johnny Depp on Ellen for the first time :-)
Great day to be born. Congrats to the Dunn family!!
don't down ya mans to make you feel good or better about the feces you call life. No gangster that's lame.
I encourage all my followers to follow and check out his show, Injustice Files, fridays, DiscoveryID @ 9pm est.
Thanks. I will be okay:) iloveyou too! And i know you are! Thanks for that!
Really wish Coda from had a "Confirm before Quitting" option. CMD-Q is SO close to CMD-W.
Infographics may appear "remedial" at first, but they can quickly lead to very sophisticated conversations.
Not sure. Noisy though! You're in the hood?
When chayse askes if i wanna have hand sex with him <
On my way to Cincinnati!!!
it is right. Between all the signings and their wages.
We're looking for something a little more "substantial"... ;-)
Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents to Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. PLZ RT!
Playing United Way charity poker tournament TC900. Avg is 1125. 35 players left. 10 make the money.
“A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams.”
Retweet my last tweet if it got you
Morning wonderful fucked up world ^_^
okay you now must send these to me & Mena xD
Thanks for the greetings. lets me have a real account :)
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
I sort of feel the same way #20something RT : Gonna be like 30+ before I have kids..b/c my world is all about me!!
Them dudes in jail have nothing to lose!
No one can be specially not Lebron butt he the modern day M. J.
Yea! Guess tornado season decided to start early this year! How are ya? :)
Sorry for the delay, thanks so much for the RT about the campaign!
So very cool! And much deserved.
Thank you ;)
stay tuned for contest details:)
and we outt.
This idiot really said bed bugs come from dead skin cells from dirty people.... confidently. Im no expert, but wtf...
Anyone wanna talk.
Can't watch #rhobh because I'm too busy picking through the garbage in my limo. Ew poop!
Yea Im here tweet away...... Just recently reactivated my account......
I hate when people who can't sing insist on singing ALL the time
And Christina looks like a giggler.
Hey! I just might see you there tonight! Even if I don't, I hope you have a Happy Valentine's Day!
You won!!
Love how I get everything that goes on, on twitter sent to my phone.
You are SO right. Just when you think the credits are over, the Japanese division begins
what? you are using twitter too? since when? haha. great to meet you here! are you using weibo too?
got that right.
I can't lie about something like that lol
Your body digest the majority of all your food between 10 & 5am, so it's gonna be a gang of mofos farting in line at Mulligans tonight :-/
Can't we at least get a 7-on-7 in on the South Lawn?
Michigan is trendin? Why?
Hehe. That's the at home plan :-)
you ladies are stunning. Beautiful.
I'm not sure yet but once I find out ill let you know
: that would be wonderful if you could...#thanks! ^_^
Congrats to on Bristol win from crew at Enjoyed meeting you last week in Vegas!
Attempts to finish schoolwork thwarted once again by daytime Grey's Anatomy
Yup I'm a senior in college
no, he's a dick. Forte deserved that money.
I'm a real dude and I say Christ is everything. So a woman of God for me is a must.
Why I love Saturday morning ESPN Radio: Mel Kiper JR's NBA analysis.
ha! Why? Are you Foo Fighters fan?
hahah why not.
I just want to throw up everywhere
That's not bad advice "when in doubt, shake your ass."
magic blue check mark! Good job
reddish black xD
Dude I get so fuckin into these cold case file documentaries.
and I hope it does <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Sigh of relief: I can def detect the MN accent again
Good morning and happy Hump Day!
Help a blogger out. needs just 2 more followers on her blog to reach 100!
Senior Ball! :)
granted I don't know much about golf, but I had no idea the racial dynamics of the sport were THAT crazy.
Hey thanks for all your help! You will be missed.
"once a fan hugged all the boys and walked stright past me, i pretended it didnt hurt, it did!" -Niall Horan -- RT IF YOU LOVE OUR NIALL
The Walk raises money for DEFA: What is DEFA? Emergency Funding for people in need. Each $200 we raise helps another person facing a crisis
Really want to start making puppets, not quite sure where to begin...
Saw the #1 play on Espn top 10 plays of the day yesterday first hand... IT WAS CRAZY!
BRAND NEW ALBUM COMING THIS FRIDAY ON ITUNES, CDBABY, AMAZON, & ONLINE STORES. "FULL THROTTLE" ON IT'S WAY!! BY FAR MY BEST ALBUM TO DATE!!!
Waaaah finished our last tournament of club season... Gonna miss my girls so much <3
So i'm sat on my landing in shorts with a blanket wrapped round mewatching s keeks
:O Rosie How Dear You Ha Jk
Should I be doing something for Cinco de Mayo? I'm feeling all sorts of peer pressure.
we are glad you are here!
whoa whoa WHOA. all of my #cuse fans - what have you heard about Melo NOT playing tonight against ND or Monday against Cinci?
Associate Creative Director jobs open at Samsung User Experience Center America (San Jose, CA) Visual Designer, Interaction Design
OMG. THAT IS LIFE. i love that
yess... i come out of the blue and start saying some deep ass shit
When will Rampage fight again?
Costs of fruit & veggies up 40% while pop gone down 20%.
if you got instagram go follow me <U+E231>johannax33<U+E230> ill follow the first 5 tht follow me!<U+E414>
unless that stranger is me, i don't wanna hear about it.
pigeons always look like they are jamming out to invisible iPods.
no charge entry the top 5 MC's /Group. the Winner gets paid. for more info or to enter contact / deadline May 31st
is it sad that I cry and scream every time you rt or reply to me? Lol and go around knockin on people's doors (:
RT my room* i wanna cuddle ! its so cold in my moms room :c
thanks for the RT!
Tate will cheer on his high school football team this Friday when Scripps Ranch vs. Lincoln.
How's the snow/ice on the roads where you are? Ballard here - very little ice on roads.
Arthouse, I am still going to send in my pieces. I've got no problems with you. I didn't realize artists were so ready to turn the hurt on.
Jessie we at #bisocialnetwork know that bisexuals comes in all shades, sizes, and degrees. Great work!
always been told that i've got too much pride.
Cleaning up my twitter accounts (Getting rid of the unfollowers) is like going to the gym. I always feel better after I do it:)...
may it teach you how to feel may it remedy your heartlessness and may your cries not interrupt this swan song
“: Great win tonight, great battle from the lads! Special shout out to Mikey Harringon and " Great job guys
Answer was Crash Test Dummies we guessed pregnancy test! Hahhaa
I don't think so! Niners are taking you guys out! Let's bet some drinks on this!
Grade Athletes: NO, we don't , but their effort shows up during the game IF they practiced enough!.
Got my Brew Crew and the Zoo tix tonight!
I'll shout you out! Follow He is one of my favorite ppl to follow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
AP: Pres. Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US post-war role.
in an attempt to catch up with myself, i'm taking the next few days off from the real world, & hoping to get some writing done.
#Mahomies thanks for following me! I'm going to follow everyone back when I'm finished with my homework :)
$DNAD stalling today, but could see some real gains soon...
I've been around long enough to know that we're not bad enough to get Lucky, but not good enough to win 8 games.
Whoever helps me recruit the most followers! I'll buy you a Play-On bracelet..
my grades oh no my GrADES
Totally! Go ! RT : We LOVE getting to thx everyone who is part of #walkamileinhershoes. Thx for your donation!
Kill off the haters in a single shot....
Omg, a lot of celebs follow you ! (:
I don't have a long weekend my friend. The Hartford is open on President's Day. :(
We try to keep things easy around here. Thanks! “: made my life SO easy during the website project. She's the best.”
if so, I don't mind being bad.
LOBO FANS! Rock your lobo apparel, big game today & buy 1/2 dz reg cc's get 1 dz mini's FREE! (accessories don't count/while supplies last)
no regrets.
Win a woodblock print from local Brooklyn artists ! Tweet us with the hashtag #USAinNYC to enter, contest ends @ 12pm Thurs!
RT - #10thingsidrelive getting my miami dolphins caprice painted by sum tac heads.. (should of went the macco route)
Spo's fault... Drew up bad play at the end and had Battier on Melo all game instead of Lebron. Melo drops 41, heat lose by 2.
This afternoon, you will feel our WRATH. ;)
Taking creeper pics on the plane ?
“: Thank god #amc is playing Overboard on a loop.” omg, I gotta get home!
Dm bugs me cause you can't write much . Message me on fb ?
It's still great...and yes, less than a month! :D
I was just there last year. There's a great food truck scene in the DFW. Lots of foodie places
you gotta relax and all the stress and pressure will be gone in an instant
he still should have wore red though
My life has been EXTREMELY serendipitous recently!!! Today...i got the same cab driver that I had Saturday. What???
Now that he's retired, Tony LaRussa will finally have time to catch a few Z's, passed out behind his wheel at traffic lights.
It's too nice out for night class
didnt think that was possible haha but i guess now it is lol
probably performing contrasting monologues
Sending dissertation draft to committee calls for a nap
We miss you too, Greg! Good to know you make it back to campus for visits sometimes :-)
I guess I'm going to bed, if I can't sleep I'll be back to tweet <U+E011>
I reread every word, and I never read things twice. Excellent post.
Heading home to rescue my beautiful daughter from her little bro.....
Escape Wednesdays Happy Hour - Touch Orlando - Orlando
Going to Angels of Assisi today to volunteer! :-)
Rapids 0 - Chicago 0 at halftime. Will catch up on Wrestlemania DVR style when I get home.
thanks for the shout out! happy new year!
Busy #sportsbiz day in Buffalo and back to Dallas in the morning.
Aww. It'll be worth it in the end :-) Thanks for letting me know you enjoyed it...have SO much more to tell!
WOO HOO! Can you please DM me the email address you used to sign up?
I meant by real 30th birthday way back in the day;)
Any news on what Game 7 will be? (There will be a game 7, darnit!)
Thank you :)
clued me in to '90s party tonight at Club Liv...these folks always know where the fun is and yes, I do hope Zack appears!
I say we rent a big Winnebago with chains and party in the back.. Who is driving?
Stayed out late to watch avengers even though I had work early this morning. No regrets here
Hoping to find the best jazz and blues Christmas music this year. Any recommendations?
Go Nuts! RT win home opener, 7-3. Highlights and reaction from the Diamond tonight at 11.
my neighbors stole my treehouse, in a really slow, complicated, maneuver... i guess i'll never finish installing the floor tile
REALLY impressed with the editable content modules. So much easier for my clients to edit custom templates!
Dang, he got Sue involved & Artie jumped/fell n the pool lol ... Go Mr. Shue!!!
Just replied. Cheers.
"If you're prosperous in soul, you'll be prosperous in whole." -- Mark Victor Hansen Count your blessings!
When are you heading to the gym? I think I'm leaving work around 6:45.
Yep been working on new songs all week!! Really cool. How was your week? xx
Copper&#39;s 100 Day Moving Average and 200 Day Moving Average Converge
My day just got uber better- God is AMAZING!!
Glad to help!
these kinds of articles are written as fact without consideration of obvious alternatives
Love it! I agree the common idioms are important. My issue is w/ test scores neg impacted by outdated idioms.
Some people think they are much more than they really are. Just thinking out loud here.....
Now I've had the time of my life... And I owe it all to YOU!
2) More integrated user experience from web to devices: user accounts, user profiling, publishers can make recommendations and target
Then he continued, "Andy Kaufman, Bill Gates, Robin Williams and Al Gore are alive today and say they have Aspergers. What's your excuse?
( ) I was unaware of In-the-Flow in systems/ops, but it makes tons of sense.
There's something about Great Danes that commands respect. That's probably why every housewife stops to ask about Draco when we walk.
*clicks on facebook like* Yep!
Studio's new home is SINGERS FORUM as of Monday! Looking forward to seeing you there!
we love you<U+2665>
sorry about that!
you must be a communist.
We did. Work night really dominated our schedule today, but we'll discuss tomorrow...
thank you Herman Caine for ruining our day.
It's a beautiful day in Chicago! How about a Segway tour to enjoy the first sunny day we've had for awhile? :-)
RT : Garcia: I couldn't even play as bad as jefferson did tonight and I was drunk all year #lsu<..lmao, true that
I actually found it yesterday at Best Buy. I was so happy.
I Saw Mean Creek And The Wackness I Don't Really Like Mean Creek Cause You Die
Love it!!
Matt Weiters hands down
So everybody just follow me, we need a little controversy cause it feels so empty without me. - Eminem on twitter.
Thinking about working up to a simple 2D card/board game desktop application in Java. May work up to 3D & applet. Interested?
LOL, Don't trip boo. I got this.
The book I'm reading has a Russian character in it so when I read his lines I hear Geno's voice. His name isn't Evgeni though its Dimitri :D
A 2nd-string egomaniac quarterback decides to announce his arrival to the NY Jets @ noon. So stupid I will have to listen
#Treasury Department: Plans public offering of AIG stock; #AIG indicated it intends to purchase up to $2 billion of the common stock sold.
125,000 contestants and somehow scotty is still in there?
looking for some good music to listen to. any suggestions?
i love how everytime i get on twitter, there's some kind of 1d-related thing trending. xD
just used "penultimate" in their holiday ad... I guess it's no longer a special word for Con Law students
im sick of everyone using GAY to mean dumb or stupid, please replace it with a better word like Cray
And the Clippers win meaning the Spurs should be in the Western Conference Finals!!!!
why ? whats the weather like over there ?
Cool! I'm excited to be here, it seems like a great place so far!
& then bam. everything starts all over again. & it only took one conversation.
sounds great. Please contact We will let him know also
I need to work on that
today's tasks:Megan's show card, adding work to my behanceAIGA portfolio, finalizing best ideas for Civil Rights Pilgrimage fundraising book
"Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age."
Whodo you think will win the Mayor's race? Will there realy be a runoff?
Are the Indians really trying anymore? Really? What a dumpster fire that franchise is becoming...
Only goes to premieres for the FREE DINNERS. Possibly a hobo in a former life.
S/O to for getting a twitter just to creep on her daughter
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
nails of steel
"never do wrong to a person who does you right" even though u perverted minded people are like "haha does you right ^.^" its the #truth lmao
WE ARE! RT : Who's pumped for tomorrow's game?!
“: I blame Jordan Staal” Or my wife. We were up 3-0 when she came home.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Do people really click your link?
It's in Seattle :D
Yay song of the year Adele 'Rolling in the Deep'..woohoo!!
Goodnight everyone!~~~It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.~~~Margaret Bonnano
If you see this RT please I love you more than my boyfriend :P
On Avail for a Domino's national commercial!
#crowdfunding vote is about to take place! Watch CSPAN#2 for the Vote!
We've been together many years and our love, passion, intimacy and connection has only gotten deeper
Thank you!RT
Saw this clown on Top 10 Packers; what a -ing moron. Clearly he's confusing the size of his checks with his level of knowledge
Jubilee poster commission a thrill for Davis - Montgomery Advertiser
damn it better get a life ! _l_
#WhenIWasLittle I loved getting the toy inside of my #HappyMeal at McD's. What is ur fav childhood memory of ??
Hmm... some of my mentions aren't working. Weird. Testing testing
gotta love it when that happens. Happened to find about 15 in my purse way down in the bottom today!
Ready for season 4 to start!
when it comes to chile I'm gonna say red for enchiladas, green for burgers and either with a warm tortilla.
Visual effect supervisor began his talent & magic last night working diligently to make deadlines. Lookn fwd to his work
Ugh do I really have to listen to Joe Buck? Damn it...
Without a generous caloric intake, weight training alone will over time make you lean, not large or bulky
Today's the final day to enter our inspired photo contest. Win driving credit & more! Deets on FB: on.fb.me/PortlandiaZipt…
Really Firefox? You crashed even when I was physically away from my computer. This is getting old. Must convince IT to let me upgrade.
yep. She's just way too cut for a chick.
RT : Most of my ministry mistakes came from not listening to God for wisdom, not doing it his way,or not waiting for his timing.
loving the charro hat!
RT Sam dalembert played a hell of a game tonight...
Got a haircut And I feel great I won't miss my hair a little bit long :)) Short hair. I love it At my grandma's house C:
Hm! It smells really good in here. I just watched Glee and I love Blaine's cover of 'Somebody that I used to know' <3
Good morning #ISTE11. You're looking sharp today.
Ready to Vote on Tuesday!
Wendy's
Speaking of malt, has either of you had Horlicks?
it would be a 1 for me. Need to reestablish small market model. Powerful farm system, lower payroll. Right now, the opposite
I cant wait for dphie to invade long beach Saturday!
I hate that guilty feeling that you get when you just end a friendship and you feel like you should just try to make up
thanks for the heads up! Aren't the shrimp and grits awesome?!
Just finished the negotiation for a commercial lease for a great company. Exciting for them!
lol yeah I had to let Bart take a break for a while so people can meet da man behind sa scene lol
great to meet you at Rethink, thanks for the direction on the © issue
What's the difference between a commercial rapper and a pile of shit? "The pile of shit does not peddle drug-induced lyrics to the people!"
I have a playlist with my favorites on my Spotify profile called THE QUEEN BEE.
Thank you so much! :) RT I love ur music. Ur super talented :)
im the worlds worst speller
Watching #TopChefAllstars repeats!! Seriously, you need your own show!! {{HUGS}}
I WANT A RELATIONSHIP LIKE ALLIE AND NOAH...........
lol truth is!!!
thanks! been contemplating some things, per normal. mostly about the acquistion of money, lol. but you could have guessed that
I was there earlier!! Must have.
thanks for the shoutout!
Next year, I'll have a REAL Biology teacher.
#Pacers have been making me proud lately..
...no matter how fast I ran, I could not outrun the zombies. About killed myself sprinting.
^_^)/ yay! It's still awesome knowing that you're going over there...in style, no less! You know I'm always rooting for ya! ;)
Just heard about a startup that will improve a person or institutions' online impression. Could it be for real?
RT With 25 longtime employees retiring, we're losing 702 yrs of experience at the Arizona Republic, according to our publisher. Wow.
pretty sure i'm the world's worst panel picker
Watchin #NFLDraft; must say this native Texan looking forward to seeing RG3 play here
I really want to visit Chicago soon. I miss it.
Yeah, let me just take out the bundles of extra cash I have lying around, that I'm not using to pay for college, and skydive!
Elbow always in Ray for 3
thanks Nate. I guess is a keeper
learn the process, understand the process, refine the process. This is from MFG.
what u getting into tonight? Raging or playing dad?
At hacks & hackers #meetup about to listen to
Allergy medication does not work!!!!.
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J my username: HaiLyHiLLLL
has a fetish for old saggy skin dudes who wear no shirts & walk around . she liks picking them up & taking them back 2 her place
Great view and awesome food at the Ritz Carlton on Fort Lauderdale Beach :-) life is good!
Evansville Indiana!
Who else out there is attending Ladies Evening Out this Thursday at the Ritz Charles in Carmel?
haha nah. Stones
And back to the code... This PSD -> #ThesisWP conversion I'm coding is going to be the most awesome thing since Thesis 1.6
(AP) -- Lawyer: Afghanistan shooting suspect has sketchy memory of night of massacre
Great soccer match, Man City dominated for the W
About me ?
On Thursday I'm doing a Birkman consult in Cost Rica and Friday one in Germany...all from the comforts of my office in Baton Rouge!
RT : Earth wasnt built n a day.... #dedicated to a bigger purpose
that milan goal will make for a much better GAME cant wait till halftime i need me another BLUNT
now how did you find your way there? You are in my neck of the woods...relax and sit a spell!
Lol I swear everybody was born in may
Time for COFFEE! (and maybe a cookie)
Bruce Springsteen's Jungleland is amazing. I love the piano. Must get off Twitter to focus.
Pet "pee"-ve: people talking on their cell phone while using a public restroom
I'd be interested to see your running playlists with Nike+ This week I've been having a lot of Ladytron in my running mix!
lol after you dumped me at wrestling i was mad at u.
Everyday feels like Friday this week!
good morning :) hope U have a great friday :)! it's 1:30am here & i must sleep ~so tweet U later :)
Lol I'm working on it! My next game is Tuesday
The #supermoon is out. It's pretty.
You're a rock star. Covering Caps 3OT followed by Curly Ws.
#cherry #pie for
my guess is all those agent comments were in regards to Hunter being coach. Still think Semin takes a big KHL paycheck
RT : Hey grads! Decorating your graduation cap for the big day? Share a pic with us using
haha well thank you! ;) I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS! Haha
twins! where in hawaii are you going? im going to be visiting my cousin in kaneohe,hawaii.
Collab coming soon with Kool Ken, Production on the up and coming cd by Jayce Miguel.
school is good! Got finals next week then summer. :) yay! How about you??
Congrats! It must feel awesome.
Too kind, both of you. Too fragrant, one of you (Hint: Not Dayna).
I hate and all of its followers. 'nuff said.
Who goin to the Drake show tonight?
RT if your in chicago
You DO sound like that! And yes, let's do Wednesday.
“Time makes more converts than reason” Thomas Paine
Wet cheek kisses from somebody you wouldn't kiss in the mouth <
It's all be fun and games until someone gets their eye burned out … RT : wanted: laser pointer tag setup for office
RT : "Lickety-split", when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
#masterchefau - love this . . . . . very impressed!
oh. Ouch.
Keep it movin'! ;)
the less you give a damn, the happier you will be.
I want a flex...and i could do 1 or 2 QBs. could be interesting...
Same here!
Gotta stay busy today; can't help feeling depressed by all my friends traveling around the world. :(
you post some deep shit. I like it. haha
Give me my Liz and Ewen! #GH FORGET LUCKY!!! I don't want Lucky back! I want Liz FREE!
yeah, just saw that Walker has more votes reported so far than all the dems put together. did not expect that
they could work into VIP tags for games and "Golden Tickets"
the best illustrator I know!
you never forget your first love.
Mark is an excellent instructor. Fabulous
I hope my bestfriend feels better. I love you <U+2764>
Quick question...what does the 1:10 (25, etc.) variant mean? 1 in every 10 (25) comics issued is a variant?
On Deviant art looking at someboy's awesome Dawn of War and SC fan art... Then their space marines had dog heads. #Furry caught me off guard
Yo Moss<are you looking for tracks now?
Made $44 at my garage sale today, which means I've got one cab ride covered in New York.
I hope and has a GREAT time at prom tonight <3
I actually haven't read Lola and the Boy Next Door yet. I'm so behind.
Thanks so much for sharing links to my ASTD blog post!
US manufacturing powers up in April
Kind of you, buddy! Have we gotten you a tour of this place yet?
Does anyone know how to get and account unsuspended because my other account was suspended and i don't know why. Please help :)
I don't understand why people are bitching about TITANIC II, great idea long over due. I'll be in line on its first voyage.
Per Contra => On the other side
Stop by & see our booth today at the Bravo Events Trade Show at the Convention Center & have a sample of wine or beer, show starts at 11am!
Say goodnight our first goodbye, I've only got forever & forever is fine<3
There are too many people that put their lives into music for niggas doing it to look cool to oversaturate the industry & fuck it up for us.
That sounds about right. #trimet lines 15 and 20 are notorious for simply vanishing. Seriously unreliable.
Interesting, but it also could be a challenge/annoyance for users to participate w/ to download or not to download?
Apple has been in the retail store business since 2001.
Stevie Wonder may be heading to Dancing with the Stars... Hmm, interesting..
How are you celebrating International Women's Day???
This is the last Spring Game (hopefully for the rest of a long life) where I don't live in Columbus. Ready to come home & never leave again.
And I can't be arsed to carry on in this debate that reoccurs, oh when you say I don't care but of course I do, I clearly I do
Not like any of it matters tonight because I seem to be staying home.
Ouch! and it's a foot up here in Monument...Christopher :-)
text me.
#EDUCAUSEPolicy staff in attendance at #iappsummit looking forward to meeting our higher education colleagues at lunch
Sometimes I take a look @ my life and think... Wow. I am really lame. Content. But lame :p LOL
Here's the math If you bet to win $25 you are now up $1400 and $50 now up $2800 and $100 now up $5600. Join Us. KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM.
I think it's about time I invest in a crockpot.
I'll tweet hit you'll hate me in the morning :)
Congrats! So proud of the entire team and staff?
in public or while playing bball?
Overheard at OD consultant meetup yesterday: "we realized teaching change management is a lot easier than doing it" so true
Do we take a 9 hour bus, a short ferry trip and a 12 hour train ride to Jakarta or skip Java altogether? I need a cruise director!
Don't own a fur coat, but I am covered in cat hair.
Good morning! :)
Ah boo
It's the best time of year!
I know I'm mean n rude but I don't care
i didn't get your message :S
Goodnight everyone!!
Wearin' the vest I made, yaaaay.
The random calls i get from my sis ! Lmao yay ! Summer is almost here #Vegas !!
what a great New Years!!!
Tell ur friends to follow me
I find it interesting how people make up news to fit the technical picture and convince themselves they are correct
This is true. That's why every indie band that comes out sounds like Beach Boys if they broke the reverb knob when it was on 10.
your hair is awesome
sounds like a plan kid
One more week
the patience is nice; sticks out like a sore thumb with the Cubbage
congrats man you killed it!
": While I appreciate the shoutout i'm actually at the department of the interior" MY MISTAKE!
jeff - have you seen the movie 'Haute Tension'?so good. also, if you havent seen Hatchet or Hatchet 2 yet... do it! call me soetime
um um um...Bentley (my 6 week old teacup pomeranian) kept waking me cryn last night now im getting ready for work n now he wants 2 sleep smh
Effective project management is both an art and a science.
love you Justin (: <3 forever.. no matter what ill be here for you
You're very welcome!
Buying Jaws soundtrack. Why have I not done this yet? One of my all-time favorite movies.
what if i bring a bucket of margarita?
RT The Abercrombie & Fitch perfume has already been traded 3 times in the dirty Santa game. Bitches.
I always laugh when I see the thugged out white guy w/ braids in his hair, dating a jet black over weight sista!
you're welcome beautiful!(:
Remarkable how few calls Rose gets at the rim. Get over it.
We're working on so much right now! Really excited to put you guys on when everything is ready!
Very cool. Thanks for your feedback.
A.C. casinos take winnings from self-banned gamblers ATLANTIC CITY - If, as rocker Tom Petty puts it, even the losers get lucky sometimes
SENIORS! Fund your apartment move with a GUASFCU bridge loan. Visit our website for more information. Currently offering a .50% discount!
The #ipad seems to be
is a little weirdo. Enjoy the cookie cake ya freak!
Today, fantastic 2nd meeting of TEAM (#Thrive, #Excellence, #Achieves, #Magnificence!) Networking - watch out #BNI! Love giving value away!!
#increase #bonus #lastcarpayment #2daysoff this week couldn't get any better ;)
Today is Bring Your Child To Work Day! Does your work participate?
lmfao omg tell her that!
you make me proud.
I will always love you :)
How does 48 seconds go by so slowly in skl. Yet 48 hrs flys by on the weekend?!?
Hello to the UK! Jana, it's very nice to meet you too! We're always happy to have friends overseas.
'Elizabeth' is sold! Don't miss out on YOUR favorite necklace set...I only design ONE of each! www.etsy.com/shop/vavaoombynikkidanby
hahahaha how can u put up with em
Are u playing ferris buller today?
I be up in the gym justa workin on my fitness
Just finished explaining some views on IA and usability and their role during the creation of online materials.
Celtics are Gunna tap that ass Tonight! Go Boston!
#PARADISE comes out 7 days before my birthday. Its gonna be great super excited!!!
are u winning trivia ,
SUPER SAD!!!!
yeah definitely don't want to feel worse. Was hoping it would somehow make me feel better but that sounds unlikely
World. Need. To know. About. This. This thing. We. Do know about. My so we can .we Willi do good for
Soo .. who wants to text ?
no problem hun thats true we should all just respect his privacy
Just A Dream by Carrie Underwood <3 such a sad song.
If u got a girl legs pinned back & u can c her asshole that mean she wipe too hard after shitting
Thanks for the RT a couple weeks back. (Sorry, didn't check my RTs lately.)
I'm almost Back to life..what am I gonna with it
I'm hungry! Let's eat!
did u get one of those last night?
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Halftime takes too long
no no no, keep your feet outta my shoes
Life could only be comprehended backwards; but it has got to be lived forwards.
Why is so buggy? Im tired of getting can't load media notifications, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times. Boo.
You should try on #linux. We're still on 2.2 beta and that locks up daily.
WRITE MORE I REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS STORY :D
Great tech gift from my mom: gloves with conductive tips that work with touchscreens.
Rocking the Streetz,Club's &,Promotion What More can we say but Iam Blessed.........SVM #1 your New Promotion Mgr We winning
Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
Fall Break (:
i was to bro. Listen to " clear the stage by jimmy needham " right now bro lol. Crazy!
"I think the key is for women not to set any limits."-Martina Navratilova
I thought it was bcuz it was mentioned in full house
No. Excuses.
I'm tired of being your unofficial girl -_-.
Returning to DC. Navigating Beijing airport is a voyage in itself.
Just posted Searching For Substance and Leave Me For Dead in the BandProfile tab! Check it out!!!
Oh god it's terrible.
Drunk me threw so many new sick tunes on my phone last night...
Still proud.. what they accomplished was unreal for how young they are. The NCAA hides behind education to make millions
They misunderestimated me - George W. Bush
everyone go follow she sexy ass hell go follow her ;)
haha. Thank you
i agree!
RT from #MULawPoll: What issue is most important to Democratic primary voters? Jobs (46%). Defeating Walker is 2nd (25%).
Fee my boy
Join winemaker Art Podniesinski, of "The Intern" and "The Art Of" wines at Thief Wine (400 N Water St) tonight from 5:30-7 for a...
“: thanks for the follow” you got it!
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
I have found the link in Google, but there doesn't seem to be any link to it on the site anymore.
Are you satisfied with your new size? I can't understand most of your tweets, but I think I understand this one!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if someone's using a Bluetooth or if they're just talking to themselves.
Only a fool would believe that people votes actually count, for anything
So when is paradise coming out?
Sitting w Lou Reed in metal machine trio installation UAM csulb
Today, don't settle for anything less than God's best!!
It is what it is.
One hour till I leave for prom ! Can't wait to wear my dress (:
a show that I feel like I help contribute to at least semi-occasionally. I hope each and every one have a merry Christmas
when, if ever, will there be a Serenity 2?
Congrats #SaraBradyPR! We're excited to see you accept your #FPRA PR Professional of the Year award tonight at Orlando Science Center!
Thanks for the RT!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
I'm back, just in time for Ray Kurzweil! Love this guy
saw at 's #Bobby'sBurgerPalace on 21st and K today! Should've gotten another order of sweet potato fries to go! :)
So am I! My tummy's been growling since like 3rd period!
Thanks for coming, isn't it amazing how many great authors Ohio has?
Happy new year to all of you see you in 2012
thanks man! appreciate the compliment.
You know your out of shape when your 7 year old cousins get a better time than you running a mile..
Multiple outs will increase profits in the vicinity of 3% over a sports bettors longevity.
Congratulations on the new job!
Hey - we won a gold addy in the district 2 region for jazz! congrats!
heard u r in Nash. we would b honored 2 serve u up some good country cookin!Come 2 3rd and Deaderick Tues & we will take care of u
Manny just dominating! One of the best boxers of all time!
RT Cabin in the Woods breathes new life into a dead genre just to kill it again & again with glee. A MUST-SEE this weekend.
I have the Gremlins theme stuck in my head.
Hahaaha hey bros my names is- wait. Lol :P
posting more blogs; ex wont leave me alone
we have another on demand tomarrow
Back at my old stomping grounds this afternoon...good ol CGHS
I'm spreading happiness for the good of humankind!! I want to achieve my dreams but I need help from my friends! I've seen u live!<3
Free shuttle to the Marquette/Georgetown game. Come for lunch and take a ride
raw garlic. as much as you can. dice it up and swallow like advil. works wonders. feel better :)
Saturday haircut! Stoked. Haven't got it cut since October.
University marked the website I maintain for students a phishing scam. Funny thing? www+url = no phishing. No www = phishing. Argh!
When, where? Can you txt me?
Sunday's are looking TOPTIONAL here at Mandalay bay. What a great day!
I'm only storing your number in my phone so I can never answer if you call me.
:( That sucks a day off and your sick .. YUCK
Great news, congratulations, Ryan!
Awesome 3 day run this weekend. Thanks to everyone who came out! Tonight we head into the studio to work on mixes for our upcoming EP!
I have no idea if Soros sponsors OWS. But I knew if I mentioned his name...
I could totally go for some 4Rivers Burnt Ends right about now, with 2 delicious sides...but alas I'll settle for Aunt I's Jamaican today
Studio for a bit this morning with a meeting, then off site.
Moving like a bowel movement?
"be patient toward all that is unresolved in your heart and try to love the questions" - my cousin dawn.
yes I guess so.
The purpose of life, is to live :)
Signing off.
The Burglar's Bible, Page 2: Find an unlocked car. Steal it. Use the "Home" option on the onboard GPS. Use the garage door opener to get in.
I didn't leave u idk why u say that once a month maybe u left me.. Idk what I did but okay
If i got paid for every minute i spend on twitter, i'd be richer than Bill Gates.
Chocolate cakey friday!
Jump into the fog with me.
- I still have a box full, but I have no reason for keeping this tape. Other than it's a snapshot of a kid who doesn't exist. :)
Stand still and consider the wondrous works of God. - Job 37:14
Draw me Zach Porter.
Good morning, early start lets get done !!! :)
ha yah mines 2 from tomorrow. Sounds like a #party is necessary
Nope I have not heard anything.
Omg. My birthday needs to get here faster
I would've been too!
haha, yes, the show. I refuse to see the movie, even if I really wind up liking the show.
It's Shaken On Villard...! Lmaoo "He's A Bum, Nd U A Square For F****** With Him".
Dear students: the word colloquial will get you red-flagged for plagiarism every time. And so far those flags are right.
- Don't you work at the Post? And no, Fred Hiatt wouldn't.
Guess I can unpack my suitcase now... Finally. Lol
Can anyone confirm the courtroom for the GBS oral argument on Thursday? Is it courtroom 11A at SDNY again?
Thanks for the tip! We called today and they actually have spots available, which is awesome.
me too :( stupid rheumatoid arthritis
Thnx 4 following. WE love your concept. WE believe thru #SocialMedia like AgooBiz u can collaborate & compete simultaneously!
Follow Friday! my ROOMIE and soon to be GROOMIE
#customerengeagement The most profitable customers have strong emotional connections w/ a brand. It's not just relevance/utility.
what is with this weather??? can it please be warm now!!!!
hey, great 2011 year and will be great in 2012. Think 9-7 to 11-5 and probable playoffs
& i'm like "i don't WANT your protection on my card"
All this time , and thats it..
Some saucy non-conformist insinuates that I'm "unprincipled" on blog. *Scoffs* The very idea... Don't be jealous, bro ;-)
Saw your profile online and realized that you went to the Universite de Pau. We had an exchange student in high school from Pau.
Ludacris was at Market Street Sound today for MTV2's Sprite Step Off series. Go to the show tonight with the Black Eyed Peas Arena.
this spring break blows so far
what about The Mount Union game?
That sounds like a great idea!
Everyday u should P.U.S.H. P-Pray U-Until -S-Something H-Happens Im #Livin4God u should 2!!
#10WaysToDie hate on my music, and then tell me you like EVERY genre of music. Psshh!
We had an issue 9/27 with our photo upload. This issue has been resolved. If you attempted to upload your photo then please try again now.
TUESDAY POLITICS: Obama and same-sex marriage w/ Kevin Naff & Kimberly Moffitt "The Obama Effect" noon
Human population to reach 7 billion on Monday.
nice dress
ooh I've always wanted to try that place
Booty Meat Down!!!!! Lol
I said it before and I'll say it again: sluts just heal quicker.
what is the workout you were talking about for Thursday?
Thanks. May wait to read til I write my own. Enjoy your weekend!
Love is so holy, so confusing. It makes a man anxious, tormented. Love, how can I define it?
Check...and...check!
15 Million Babies Born Too Soon - MarketWatch (press release)
Yea I feel u on dat too RT im Tryna see who all gon b n town that weekend first
Ha ha, or add to it!
thaxx for the follow back wit yo #fine asszzz
Fair enough. We try and reach out to anyone in the area when a similar instance occurs. We consider it our due diligence.
Indeed Mee Lady Debs ....
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Perform all tasks with love and you will experience success
Triple Crown Volleyball wishes you the best of luck. WIN! RT : Playing sand volleyball tonight!
Yes, it has been long! Lets not let that happen again k. I miss your tweets. :)
Hahahaha new half same flopping
one day your gonna realize I was everything you ever needed . and by then I'm gonna be with something who realized that along time ago
The library will be closing in 30 minutes! If you need more time to work, the computer labs in the main building will be open later.
do you call scenes "slices of life"? just curious because I love this tweet. :-)
just ran in the rain! :D
Love the idea of a "twitter firehose" - good mental picture.
okay told me to send a tweet with his name . Lol
love u jwoww you rock;)
It's almost Wednesday Night Trivia time again!! Bonus word this week is: Firestone
Print mags must be preserved. Readers renew at higher rates for print plus digital issues: Perry Solomon, Time Inc.
Eyelash Applications are very popular call us for an appt. 901-794-0553
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it! -
Just got back from watching The Avengers and Jollibee!!! :D bomb ass day!
MiFi doesn't work. Tech support investigating for weeks. No help on phone or in store. Want out of contract. Can you help?
At the Comet. Come drink with me.
#nowwarming #awakening Love it in the kitchen, such a bright and crisp scent!
I hate the Lakers :)
I'm thinkn about gettin anotha nipple. Like a third one lmao no really rotffl
percussion is probably the easiest, so i'll stick with it
Follow !!! Why??? He is awesome, he is SWAGG, he will keep you entertained, he is great to talk to, he will be a good friend
No, IMO, giving voters two clear alternatives to Mr. Smith makes it more likely that we force a runoff and
aw thhannnkss u are so nice i los t 2 followers ah idc i ll hav more soon but thanks for the heart
nice job out there!
'This Song Saved My Life' by Simple Plan >
Enjoy Dan, see you on Monday.
Spending Saturday learning some Python basics at #PyStar. Must twist this humanities brain into a programming frame of mind...
Running on one hour of sleep and the day couldn't be going by any slower.
A man came into my house last night and threatened to commit suicide. Well, it turns out he had a split-personality, so it was considered...
I'm not sure, but it also looks like is grabbing some camera time at
RT “: #blessing come mysterious way's”
Making school schedules is incredibly depressing... anything involving the admin at my school is depressing!
Today I'm wearing one that says "Detroit Football". Get it? It's an oxymoron.
That was the hardest relationship ever. It wrecked me emotionally and still continues after the ass is long gone.
Pretty stoked to run sound for and tons of other bands at the 9th st block party tomorrow! C'mon out!
Haylin's wedding. :)
All three GOP mayoral candidates? How soon we forget.
presentation .. RT : HathiTrust renders meaningless the size of library's print collection. So true.
As a child in TX, we were asked to bring eggshells to school to use for cascarones. Hadn't heard of them here though.
The market manipulators have so far pulled the DOW back up to "just above water". Can they hold it together until 4pm EDT?
really? I kinda like the new app
Lax game against my gurl today!
Technology alone is not a solution to education
My cab driver is muttering to himself about the radio like he's a crazy person. I take cabs to avoid crazy muttering people.
“: I'm breaking down. I have a country station on.” At a girl, Country music and NASCAR go hand and hand. Proud of you!!
She sound like Badu
Tyranny is un-American.
As a Mass Comm major, I really appreciated your post. I think my degree is so versatile, and gives me multiple career options!
Tune in tonight at 6 for the HS Coaches Show on KUIK with KUIK's own Taylor Danforth! 6pm...don't miss it!
AMERICAN AMARANTH~perseverance of the American Spirit in the face of danger and sorrow. It shows how love truly conquers all in the end!
So without Peyton, will the #Colts cheer "Suck for Luck" now be "Suck with Luck" for the next 2-3 years?
north memphis blood bond nigga
Shiiiiiit I want ALL dem TEE'S!!!!
I'm definitely not (belatedly) nerding out about Prometheus promotional content on the Internet on a Saturday night. Nosir.
yet I'm accused of ignoring her
Am working on a Lee Morgan piece. Any random pre-publication input is welcome.
Castiel, Bobby, and the Impala are coming back... Best rumor I've ever heard
Grab those fumbles Pats!!!
step one: rest Kei and start Teal
Thanks for your work against Waxman-Markley.
Thank you! It's a very exciting time for and me, new jobs and getting married in Dec.
Head down pussy, pussy poppin. Pussy poppin' on a handstand.
DCers: Coming back on Friday. Happy Hour at Old Ebb!
hope you are getting excited for February 19th! : )
Its funny wat niggas a do for five dollas
MT : Golan v. Holder is more evidence that SCOTUS won't save you from bad copyright legislation. It must be stopped in Congress.
just tell the truth. You are in it for the wealthy. Never believe a rich republican.
Ahh. Forever! And idk.. Haven't talked to them or seen them.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Great meeting you at BPRS event last week. Great conversation. Inspiring presentation. Thanks.
In honor of our honeymoon plans -
RT : is my homegirl! But you are still a political nerd
LOL! Good luck!
im getting better and thats good watcha been up 2
Cant wait for california on saturday with the stugo fam !
thanks for the retweet!
Homework done, ready for bed but I'm sitting up and watching TV
State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Children
just finished watching after.life. beyond intense.
I am looking for help in networking to gain employment as a Maintenance Technician in the Aviation/Aerospace Industry in the Greater Richmo…
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter:
sometimes away from all the hate in this world
Sass or no sass today?
:( I hope the dog have more compassion than the owners and donate to noble causes!
UP EARLY ON DEM CASH ROUTES
I didn't smell when I smoked, guess it depends where you do it and if there is air circulation.
#incaseyoudidntknow i love you
In looking for 'prep music' for my play on Thursday...I indulged myself in some 90s classics!
yup no prob
Working on our Halloween special menu.
when im low, she takes me high.
Can't wait to celebrate my antlers off on #NYE !
Some days are two sizes too small
You're getting married?? Congratulations hun! That is so exciting! Er, I guess that ends any hopes of us getting together. ;P
“: say something nice or I will haunt you forever” uh that was.. Do you have any other offers??
challenge your mind & design-create without a mistake on the first try ;) let me know how it turns out !
My mom says its her house, but when its time to clean it magically becomes mine too.
I think I'm going to throw up.
Watching & on MTV Hits right now...so good :-)
For a procrastinator, I sure do get a lot done! Only two more pesky assignments to go! Just in time for the weekend...
Let's get the day started with a little
if you don't see it, it can't be true
thats cuz its all they play up there in Brooksville! :)
Anybody need professional bios done?? Get at me I gotta dope writer
u said wow hannah lmao and im saying what?
Just looking at that freaks me out, I can't imagine actually sitting there!
RT : Help us get #Motown1962 trending for today! The opening night of 'Now That I Can Dance!' 8pm Film Theatre!
yeah they have too...
what about year-end bonuses? They are common and are merit-based, yet DoL wouldn't capture them as "incentive paid workers"
It's not just DHers who are coming, but also the DH-curious. And the skeptical. Will be tremendous fun.
I don't know. Also a bit ill-advised
Follow me I want to get to 150 by like Monday<3 I follow back !
If Quinn had ever watched Grey's Anatomy she would've known not to pull those scissors out of his neck.
with at getting incredible help from #volunteers working together to assist in
God Morning Twitter :)
not negative...realistic. My opinion is that w/ 3 season-ending injuries already, it"s best for the #Brewers brass to look to 2013
Justin is so amazingly HOT!!!
The jackhammering outside my office window could not be more poorly timed.
they are ticketing in Dudley - actively
Existential crisis over aborted, back on that LA in my head, why isn't more TV shot in NYC?
Really? There are no shy people out there who are willing to be interviewed for an article? What are you, SHY! What a lame excuse.
Welcome Bonnie :)
mascara contain bat poop as an
RT : I buttoned my top button today, signifying the death of the trend. / Did you cover up that button with a tie knot?
bo, oh well. we need to get together sometime. when are you up for another adventure?
Nature loves to hide. --Heraclitus [number 2 in an occasional series of fragments of Heraclitus that are short enough to fit in a tweet]
We Need Experienced Teachers - Huffington Post (blog)
Pretty okay :) I'm just watched performance on She has beautiful voice. She tweeted me today.
I actually am getting kinda excited about my schedule for next term, not starting class until 10:30 on M,W,F and 9:40 on T,Thur
What happened to all the pictures in the project Gutenberg archives?
It don't wuk so
content + community = context -> commerce
I'm finatext u off marco phone cuz I think the fb tweakin
#NDSA Fran Berman asks does your dry cleaner know what digital preservation is?
Why do you assume it was pee?
I'd rather leave than to cheat
says it's unavailable...
See, if your Grandma wasn't there, I'd come.
Completely! I really feel for Wendy!!
Rule 4 - network with intent, focus on quality over quantity. Cardinal Rule from ,
OH: "rails 4 is going to have unicorns"
Do you have a question about recording that you'd like to ask the Bad Sue Staff? A question about our artists or our studio?
i dont hate people i just get irritated by alot of people
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work ~ Thomas Edison |
Think You Know Scott Brown? Tomorrow, we'll find out about the real
Rotting away in Cooper....
jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb
RT Never forget – if it’s not enjoyable or fun, you’ll give up on exercise too soon. Whatever you do, make sure that it is fun!
have a safe drive :)
it's never too late, mansmin
Hey Everybody don't forget to see Red Tails this weekend. It's a great film. Support black actors!
Like Mckie my amigos say Rodman best ever.
Yay! Glee is doing Grease! Double bonus!
at 6 am!! wednesday! no one can campout or the police will escort you out. ive been spazzing all day haha. but yes that it!
I'm sorry! this is a mistake, this tweet was not for u. lol
With all the fresh, locally grown products at the Hillcrest Farmers Market, you can never go wrong! It's open until 2PM...
i haven't read about Mormonism but i feel inside that Romney is not who we want for POTUS. 2out of touch with real Americans
same here! Can't get into that bs.
wish I was there looks like fun. Tell all the crew I said hello if you see them
looks like my alarm. Lol
:) ow Good thing. But is there something wrong?! U okay?
Alright time to party!
Ha! I was just talking to the bartender (Jason) at The Cherry Bomb about this very subject this afternoon... (hic!)
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
RT : Everybody at the Give Him Glory concert!! RT : Whose excited about #SoItBegins?
I just spent 400 dollars at #sephora who knew!!!??
Andy Reid, just think how much weight you are going to lose coaching in NFL-Europe---wait I meant Miami
Downloading photos with weird guys from partys :D lool
Two hours left! 10% off all Bee Mine in stock and 20% off All other products in stock!
Teleconference with your attorney-- would you do it?
what are you getting?
nxtARROW: primary mission is to help restore Buffalo to its original greatness and prosperity as a center of entrepreneurship and innovation
What two space exploration entities are based out of #DC?
I love it when my friends can film with me <3 THEY'RE SO MUCH FUN!
Just found out I'm going to #sla2010 in New Orleans, I am preparing for the conference by working out so I can eat my weight in beniets!
where did the chip thing come from love?!
don't be nervous, you're about to embark on the most fun 4 years of your life. Enjoy it and savor how blessed you are!
Watched Zombieland with Ryan last night... frickin love that movie. can quote every line.
Thanks NMC and our Madison hosts for a great conference. All of your hard work paid off.
haha all talk no play
can we use the iPad garage band drum set for our drum line?
U know, pussies get so damn pissed when you call them "a cocksucker"… but...wait..*_°
oops nevermind, i read your twitlonger :]
Was great hanging out at w/ and Mikhael from
I <3 and her cute cat
Official nomination meeting: Saturday, Oct. 10, 2009, 9 a.m. at TLU767, 6109 Anglin Drive, Forest Hill, TX, 76119. Support positive change!
any suggestions for a car-free vacation?
You need to start tweeting! Take a picture of your favorite turret and share it :)
like why? All stars was perfect last year and of course it didn't come here. But whatever I'm not going so yeah
political correctness instead of alphabetical correctness. Lol.
Mike D. grabbed the money, M.C.A. snatched the gold, I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold.......
My plan is to get into my gym clothes. And then sit on the couch. And then WHO KNOWS what'll happen
New Songs Posted Real Name Chase, & Swagger ft. B.O.B New beat for Swagger Coming Soon..
pretty great info. there's a website called www.spokeo.com that can find where you live. it's quite controversial.
When you have so much storm damage, your key won't even fit the door knob..
following ehow.com advice, putting shoes in dishwasher
I'd go for the Lavery and Full Pint suggestions and maybe some Oberon if you are a Bells fan...the saison from Lavery is love!
Hold we at 80 yet
of course! "Gonna find you!"
I do like your name! I spell mine the same way! My first name that is!
MADISON IN THAT VARSITY JACKET. ASCGGFKFLS.
The Knicks should go on and try to get Brittney Griner this year... Smh
Oh man, not sure we'd be able to get a sitter.
Go Tigers!
My arm is shaking after scooping beans for two hours. Omg. Maybe I should rethink not working out my arms at the gym!
Why don't you just kiss me already?
Top of the morning mayneeee
That's so funny! Did you tell her they didn't have central heating back then? ;)
no squares shall enter in the circle of winner
Tech & Soc: Representing numbers with two values in on or off positions is called binary notation.
Good morning partners! Our predictions for yesterday's games was on point (2-0)! HFM!
I cant i cant i cant i cant i cant.
Our Groupon is officially expired. Thanks to every one who bought one and supported our small business!
Okay... Here come the fouling! Gotta make FTs
Of course I'm home and in bed before midnight so I guess I'm not really hardcore anymore.
Anything we give all our love to other then God is an idol .
No bigs! Use #RVA for Richmond. If you create a new tag like #BeyondBarbie don't leave spaces.
so tired from this week and weekend of crazyiness... but oh it was well worth it. my little bros bday party today.
no problem !! Films out right now not sure, yours?
LOL, I must stop...
Leaving my phone home tomorrow to be sent to Indiana. Not gonna haw it for a week but it'll be awesome when it comes back.
Agreed. Tough conference, but 0-19 is unacceptable. Jeff Boals is the coach I was talking about.
you're not the first person to mention that one. I need more organization than manipulation, but I'll check it out.
Alright - it's freaking hot in here. But it just got ugly!
Can you believe Susan G Komen foundation is cutting Cancer Screening funding for women who use planned parenthood.
if your happy, im happy (:
<3 Hey Morning
I need to go to Gucci
The real question is, do you like your breakfast pizza cold?
... and then "Let the waters rise" by MikesChair comes on.
Hales on urban renewal: We should be able to declare victory after 20 years
mehhhhhh me too.
It's Summer Camp time! Advertise with Sprinkles Magazine!
Yo mama so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
I did! Lol
Yes. I'm smashing on sight lol
Pls lower Gaddafi voice so we can hear the translator better. It is the ENGLISH
I mean, it wasn't Crate & Barrell or anything, but it doesn't fall down when you sit on it, either.
BTW, how's that co-authored free improv piece coming along?
because people suck and scheduled our effing pysch exam today :/
Thank you! That's what I said!
I like 65 or 70 with win. Feels good through my hair. Hahah
We've got Now model wishlist includes: & Get soupy for fire relief!
Is thinkin what has happened to our city of Detroit? This is crazy, 400 murders n, n its jus 3 months n within the year. Smh, this is sad
Is this an Adele remix playlist???
you are welcome and I followed too
Msm of Science and Industry is neat, I LOVE Art Institute of Chi, on a lower level there is a great exhibit of miniature rooms!
love that hashtag
Happy Fourth of July from the Silverwood Team!
going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird?
LOL I was doing the WendyWilliams' how u doinnn
“: Christian music makes my mornings 10x brighter <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>” amen!
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
d'aww I love this tweet. I was crying too and laughing from all of our silly pictures. Seriously love you!!
Wow. This string just stopped me cold. I hope you get thru this ok. Please take care.
thats why i am here.. to help ya :)
That was a nice nap, time to head back to the library
Can you send those tacos Fed-Ex, ? They sound delicious.
If you get on a plane now, you'd make it in time for happy hour.
yeah my friend and he is so gay lol
7 rows of seats and one detestable opener between me and noel. It's here.
I knew that was I saw in the ravens facility. Could have finally met the Goob lol
@ KENS-TV with author, musician Peter Buffett for morning show, re: program presented by @ SAAFDN tmrw nite @ Carver centrr
why don't you a) block the application (so there's no notifications) and b) block wall posts
wow RT: Singing duets with Rachel York is actually an out of body experience.
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank - Dante Rossetti.
Happy birthday to my OLD man! Off to the beach today!
OK! All of the blog posts have moved from blogger to word press. The comments aren't importing, but I'll take what I can get.
One word texts can just kill your mood
I'm not perfect but i'm progressing (to be better) everyday.
Why not? It's got to beat the small sections on long lists that Oxford offers to you otherwise.
missing out lol
RT : The Lucky One! Guys-take your girl to see it. It's a great movie no matter what gender you are.
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Dozens are left homeless after a WDM apt fire, plus Jon Huntsman dropping out of the GOP Race!
Ppl who still comment "i own" on pics <
Thanks, I will set my alarm clock for that :) RT: Tickets go on sale 9 a.m. Friday.
is admiring her pepper plants in her office garden.
If you unfortunately have to miss #StDrunkens but still want to support RvD, you can purchase raffle tickets through us. DM us.
Looking for a great fish fry? Karl Ratzsch's on Mason Street is a great choice: www.karlratzsch.com
#Redskins giving up an arm, leg and left testicle to Rams just to move up 4 spots and draft RG3. Time to drug test those Skins.
We are doing Elixir of Love tonight at the DiMenna Center for the performing Arts: 450 W37th, 7:30PM, tickets at door: $35 cash or check.
Isn't it always the way: the minute you start pretending you're on a cooking show you make a mistake
want to help me test my new design tool? it'll just take a few minutes. @ or dm me your email and i'll send you the details.
Just finished Season 3 of Medium on #Netflix. Yes, I know it's been off the air for ages :P
that was amazing!
I guess I will have to relax and do nothing...YES!!!
thank you!!
Comment was the better name. Writing Tab came about because the interface appears as a tab among other tools.
Everytime I paint a portrait I lose a friend. - John Singer Sargent
I am, thanks! Nice meeting you at Doug's B-Day event. I can always use more wine smarts. Looking forward to your posts.
RT Easter Sunday: The day that Jesus rose from the Dead, looked Satan in the eye's and said, "Game Over."
If #PathologicalLiar #MittRomney were elected president in 2008 we'd be in a depression now.
The Motorcycle Diaries is easily one of my favorite books and movies.
feel better please<3
I've got my assistant sending out information. : ) I've got you on my radar!
Joint Finance Committee discussing the budget lapse, incl $70 million in proposed cuts to UW system. Rep. Richards: "This is the wrong way."
Here are a few more random bacon facts: 70% of all bacon in the U.S. is eaten at breakfast. Bacon contains vitamin B1, B12, and Zinc.
Great intensity early on!!
Congrats!!! ": Local iQ turns five! 1,855 days goes by really fast."
Thanks to all friends - both old, new and very very old - for the birthday wishes. You're the best.
Aren't those stamps amazing!?! Who would you want to see on stamps commemorating US fashion?
Watching the laker game
I mean that's like my best friend and all but no lol
Well im confused now, so whatchu doing?!
what is this sorcery?!111
I did not. But it was a very near thing.
Good sir, did you get the copy of See Mix Drink I sent? Hope all is well.
Exciting being a business in Detroit! Let's focus on our success stories and make our City shine again!
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.” <U+2015> George Bernard Shaw
same here! :( but there's tons of shows coming out to keep our minds of it :) <3
Air and Space Museum offers interactive games and 4-D theater.lets go together today at 2:pm
Merry Christmas! (Now, can I please have another cup of coffee...)
You're wrong if you think i'd be just like her.
Some people feel the need to have someone to "complete" them. These folks have issues ;)
Free ballin' in linen shorts..frozen concoction with an umbrella in the caribbean is where I will be real soon!!!!
Got burned by Excel row limit again today. When will I learn to just script all this with Python?
Chile please !
Who else is going to tomorrows concert?
okay phone bout die i hit u up
Singing in my head to get me through this day
PickUpLine: Can I please be your slave tonight?
Received a direct message stating "Someone is saying bad things about you here"...uh besides being an obvious spam, I say, "No, duh"...
A well-deserved break. I bet you'll come back refreshed and ready to destroy!
Jimmy Johns for lunch. Good sandwich, delivered. I'm a huge fan.
Or complain that someone stole their shit...
My iPhone battery died, so I have to make a quick trip to the 9th circle of Hell tonight. Er, the mall.
what's good bro
So sad when a bun ruins a perfectly good burger.
I try not judge ppl, I mean we all do it to an extent. But the worst you can do is look down on anyone else.
Finally nice weather!! <3
Read Design editor Phyllis Van Doren "Spring Interior Design Report" in SD Home/Garden Lifestyles in April
“: that's what we're going to call it. Naw, we're going to call it Project Y” what's with all these letters!
Bitch offer me the box if u wanna be nice
Can't wait for basketball season
Love love love love love love love
haha I was getting a little worried you were beating me lol
ok keep me posted...thanks.
Some say: H.R. 347 should hold the groups that pay the occupy protesters legally responsible for any criminal acts and cleanup. ,)
God must love stupid people. He made SO many. Lol
Being up this early is making me itchy.
and you will. :) I ran one. And I am NOT a runner. :) if I can, anyone can Haha.
I don't think I've been on it today, but if I tried to open it at this moment, I'm 99% sure it will crash.
just housed a #shakeshack burger... so proud
I (do/do not) care what ingredients are in the natural products I use in my hair and on my body! (please pick one)
just hollarin at you fam... it's just the Clippers!
At #Bersin Assoc & Knowledge Advisors session on learning metrics for CLOs. Hoping to glean some thoughts on human capital metrics.
Have pilots all decided to turn off channel 9? Haven't had a single flight lately where it was activated.
I don't know if you said it before but I LOVE IT. Thnks tons glad you enjoyed! You are too funny!
Fingers crossed!!!
i love you to nic :) and sry i havent been on KIK lately iv been a bit busy and i got on today and read about emma :(
Bumping Nelly "Pimp Juice", Yu Too Old For That U Like 60..!
I dont know did you?
That guy had a fro. # distracting
Happy New Year and Happy 30th Birthday to us!!!!!
We all have our nights though, don't be so ashamed. I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
obsessed with Never Stop -
she got off
Minor victories: I no longer have to scroll down to view my entire to do list.
although to be fair you don't have much use for park
Gotta go with The Chords. "Sh-Boom" You remember them from the '50 when you were a kid, don't you?
Okay, some friends converted their Facebook Profiles to the Timeline Format. Is there a setting to view their pages in the "Classic" format?
Why are there 100 drunk high school kids at the columns right now? Is this what new Orleans proms are like?
I bet a sour patch kid blizzard would be good.
Aww THANKS! RT : I love Jamie at and her mad color skilzzzz! xoxoxoxo
Who is this Craig James gentleman, and why does he have two first names?
Thanks to Kobe Bryant for partying all night at Tomorrow is in the house!
my fav wilco song. Poor Places.
TGIF . :) Yes I'm Getting It In Tonight
But I can't wait to "tie dye" shirts tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A8>
really want my headache to go away. maybe a new pair of shoes would help...
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(: pweetty pweaseee
Thursday is St. Patty's Day! Order your Corned Beef and Cabbage catering today!
Great football games today but this Green Bay game is embarrassing for Oakland.
Mel's here!!
I just made apple cider from scratch! Just kidding, I bought a jug.
sorry for the slowness, we're working on it!
lets just say im glad i tried it..
dis bitch said she was gone call back and nevber did
ohh very nice name :) .. yea gotcha im corbin ;)
How was it? Wanna grab a drink? You'd get to see my party hair.
My friend Dave Carney () is 15 or so followers shy of 2K. Politicos around the US will sleep better if makes he goal.
even more pretentious: I think that couple was in a recent episode of Gossip Girl.
Happy B-Day, Hope u have the best day ever....Love ya:)
did jinsu really die??
I Just Want You To Be Happy Even Though Im Already Happy With You : (
thanks for the rt!
Purchase online tickets using discount code "tweet" for $1 off one day admission
A huge thanks to everyone that donated on IndieGoGo!
Every once in a while he's gotta remind us
Bang Bang!
Beautiful day today! Lovely Vegas heat. Can't wait for tomorrow! ;-)
She's pissin me off
Today's the day! We're heading to the at 1 pm to chat about the social safety net. Send your questions to
Anyone ready for the summer?! Its going to be epic!
very true no disagreement here. On #ssm I think POTUS wanted to get it out of the way in silly seaso
I'm pissed off
ppl from the fake borough are not allowed to have opinions :) jk:)
yeah. Those Indians. World Series baby! I'm feeling just as delusional as you Sox fans.
Happy Birthday!!! Blessings to
'Babe 2: Pig in the Queso'
best phrase: "fearless little burrito." i worry, though, that now i'll think weird things when eating burritos in the future...
So, it looks like another week where I have booked myself for every single night, and it's before
That is RIDICULOUS.
RT The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values
hm. I like the orange the best but I need to see them in person because I look at them and I think "Easter" IDK
Thanks for following, !
I'm sure you still want the CD you tried to grab from me on Coldwater! I'm excited for you to hear her music!!
I think we know someone who fits this picky eater bill perfectly. A particular pizza eating dude.
blah, blah, blah, this is just a test ...
Never interrupt someone doing something you said couldn't be done. ~ Amelia Earhart
So true. Worry robs us of vision and strength w/o helping usRT RT : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
wow, what a resource! How does it know?
Had fun last night was a dance an I had friends sleepover then we got donuts this morning!!!!!:)
Coming to the end of this exploration of love and loss, the bruised parts of my heart are no longer so tender to the touch.
#NP Im On Drake
Thank you for the tweet Esther! How did you hear about MiniBük?
Someone turned Fergie into a Rock em Sock em robot & will.i.am to a Borg. Sadly, it didn't improve their performance.
I know, it's incredible! So refreshing to see this time of year :)
Entitlements, personal responsibility, root causes... we talked about it all on Free for All Friday! If you missed it, the podcast is up!
There are some beautiful photos by on our website. Check out his work!
Not right now, but we're looking to open up an EU location sometime later this year.
Or?! There can't be an or. Make this happen
If indiana had a beach....it still wouldn't be as cool as california or florida
Looks amazing! If only I could self recreate.
so sweet!
Province pushing aquaculture at 'any cost' - TheChronicleHerald.ca
in my stilettos ;)
Got a $5.62 drink from for only $2 using my #treatreceipt. Kinda nice eh? :-)
I need a quirky catchphrase to really establish myself as a white guy
Thanks for the retweets! Have a blessed Friday!
Hay is for horses- so they say! Hey - of a different way- wave or speak, it doesn't matter. So eat Oatmeal or Hay! /www.JohnEllisShow.com
Everyone watch #idol tonight? Joshua is one of the best singers I've heard!
Beautiful Day for a RAW DEAL , come see what we will put in your belly for $10. Social Hour from 2-6, $5 make you Holla!
K102 retweeted the picture of me and evans sign that i put up last night!! #goodluck? #hopeso #upgradeusplease! :)
I'm far from a connoisseur. More like a wanna-be chef for my family. I will definitely send some pics your way.
I was into John Denver before he sold out and went on The Muppets.
girl i think im bout do the same , tu sabe
Im becoming more consistant in shadow boxin combos are startin to flow
Not receptive to 1am rabies infestations, Winnie.
I have been listening to country music more and more.
THANK YOU MOST PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND MY LIFESTYLE SO IT'S NICE NOT TO BE JUDGED FOR A CHANGE
Words tend to be inadequate.
and you know this how?
Congrats on the new site. I like the visa that says "Visitante sin actividades lucrativas"...The destiny of most photogs? Ha!
Wild game last night! I am impressed with your team, you are doing a great job with them. Good luck the rest of the way!
invite reactions- host a chat, ask a question, say thanks...allow your audience to remember why they care about your cause
Time to get down target style at show in joliet :)
I did have a dream last night that I got an $8000 bonus check! THAT's the kind of dream I'd like to make happen this year! :D
London 2012: Olympics Made for the Modern Age
Using social media for list building is a huge tool many marketers are missing out on.
I know what You mean. This time is priceless. Mine are 5& 7 and I'm loving every minute.
TRO was denied re: Farmers Mrkt Bldg in Sherman Heights. - how U did what U did 2 this proud community is just plain wrong!
Need A Radio Single? Want A Fresh Sound For Your Project! Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Mavs are just a bad team
Just made and decorated 50 cupcakes as souvenirs for my grad party!
Changing perception is like a new haircut. It gives you a new look...:)
Going to get KFC and hangout at the park with the family for a bit .. Then I'm headed home . (:
who says we cant do both! :)
"Sales are made when trust exists. The faster you can create trust...the faster your personal business will grow
why must you continue to talk to Neuheisel? He is no longer the coach. Just let it go and let him move on.
Very cute: RT : <U+2665> Fun T-Shirts that will inspire your girl to be a leader tinyurl.com/4bpv7g2 <U+2665>
No seat at Lambeau is bad, but if you're looking for the best experience possible, obviously get 5th row 50 yrd line. Haha.
Stop on in and see us!! Open till 9
I just sent you an email about that. It's probably not you, and we'll get it straightened out!
#TeamTatu It Time to get that tatt!
I do not like the look at practice today.
finishing up my arrangement on Yellow Submarine this morning. I'm excited to hear it!
hey call me u stopped txting outta the blu :/
alright well ttyl
I have no motivation for school anymore. I just wanna work and make money lol
that is incorrect mid
you moved on :(
go follow please for me?
Bitches be trippin.
Why lie to me when i know the true
you really piss me of ; idk why i put up w/ your shady ass. gooodfuckingnight!
Well thank you!
Got Paper? Schedule your shredding service today! Early AM's are available.
working with
Tune into ABC to watch and#timgunn on the #redcarpet at the
Tickets for at The Polish Club on October 30th are now on sale from all locals.
happy birthday! And great photo!
Done with reffing for the day. Can't sleep too well, because I've been thinking about my documentary...
apparently, we were once planning to "Disney like Sanchez" can we still get in on that?
Using the phrase "twin cores" in my Comp II keynote: 10 pts for Ravenclaw.
For once why can't they say "you usually don't look very good and tonight is no exception."
I loved loved loved red riding hood...very epic and surprising ...
Tomorrows already thursday?!
YES, God always do what He says...He is AWESOME!!
You can buy articles, or you can save them to your bookshelf for 14 days for free reading. This is awesome and useful
"They're just after me because they know I'm in it to win it" -- Real people saying real things
but it is taxed which is my point, all income may not be taxed equally but it is taxed.
his gambling attitude was dumb today!! Know whento hold em when to fold em.
It breaks my heart hearing the <U+E052> love of my life cry at Night :(
$ "It's not about the (Money 3x) We don't need your (Money 3x) We just wanna make the world dance. Forget about the Price tag." $
oh but check out my music though
thanks sir, spread the word! see ya soon.
"A press briefing promoting the benefits of nuclear power has been postponed 'because it would be inappropriate given the events in Japan.'"
And u.s. airways delays again, worst airline ever.
Shiner: Best beer from Texas (although I haven't tried them all)
She is a beauty! Fabulous skin too, she's in the right business. Visit us for a facial!
Inexplicably, we didn't win the West Roxbury window decorating contest and have failed to advance to the citywide finals
Presented session on learning analytics to higher Ed. Incredible tools for data mining.
Meant ...sounds as if we can all discuss D&I only as long as we fund. see it your way. Know you don't mean that.
Had a 5am flight to NYC, worked, played anvideo Game, walked dog, drinks,'dinner,drinks And Gumbo Party. I'm dead.
Wisconsin is putting a hurt on Illinois early. It's 14-2 at the 14:00 mark. #Illini look like a team that doesn't have much to play for.
tell Jeff I was right about that Omaha chicken. Too rich, currently in Native Foods cafe bathroom, cldnt even make it to urban
they wanna holla.
VERY IMPORTANT DO NOT GIVE OUT NAMES OF IRANIAN TWEETERS! via
yeah I know but I love it.
Lol How Is Deltona Treating You ?
A Change is gonna come
No, I believe an LCRI came out that said not to use [sic] anymore. Use parallel title with the other spelling, plus a note.
Just walked an hour and half in 20 degrees for Copenhagen and Jim Beam...just like our ancestors used to do
I feel like walking death.
YES! RT : I think Carlos would be an improvement. Carlos the Racing Chorizo
It did look odd.
#MadGay ": Boys need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually."
We are counting down the days until our next show! Please hit us up for a $5 ticket!
Thank you so much for having us play on Sat! We had a blast!!!
Exhibit Ambush is transforming the runway into an extravaganza
*finally* reset our time capsule after it stopped working right. Now I must leave my computer on forever while it backs up 20 days of data.
hopefully he goes on tour for his new album ! Yeah true, if Jay Z was there, they would need a big ass arena
": Goodnight dads. Enjoy the last few hours of peace cause tomorrow you have to do everything ;(" it's only 1 day;you're fine
A stop in the hinge when open to 180°?
Good luck on your interview. You made me homesick. :(
smoking a cigar in my van. #mini #springbreak up to
NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 guides enterprises in building stronger resilient IT systems w/ sufficient security capability to protect core missions
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
do you have constipation and the dry heaves???
2. I got to talk to Austin today on the radio station & I only called once, so never give up!
The complexity of making a Mayan Calendar game is making my eyes bleed :)
30 seconds into Betty White's punk show and it is the worst show ever!!
Hey ! Have you booked #USWNT for the show yet? Better get on that.
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
RT : Great concert at Alice Tully Hall w/ L Fleisher and G Kalish.
Any action movie / tv show starring a woman cant be good.
This snow will not keep me from Eric Clapton!
is going to be so disappointed!
have you guys started already?
Apparently you haven't seen me do it!
Come celebrate #EarthDay! Write your #EarthDay pledge on our store window and get a free seed packet to plant! Today and tomr 12-4pm!
My #1 professional goal is to ensure that future archivists in my position don't hate me the way I hate my predecessors.
haha did you make it through all 9??
Dear Spotify: Its called targeted marketing. If I'm listening to Monteverdi, I probably don't care about Carrie Underwood.
This guy was convinced he was fueled by mullet power. He was wrong.
yea. Alex is our walk-on with one open spot on the roster for next season.
is doing important multidimensional work, otherwise known as "sleeping".
"Get in tune, welcome to tha truth spit it diff what it do"
The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen: Naked...the new black!
Massive traffic on the 10.
Hilary Rosen should stick to the record business. Insulting stay at home mothers isn't becoming of her.
Very prompt response to the approval for our new listing. Thank you
From the bottom of my heart I miss you
foreal & i'm like WHO CARES ABOUT WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE ! i'm me and you are you xD
*hurries back to the house, shivering* damn its cold
#mythoughtsduringsex this bout to be a mean workout:)
ew! I took that when I was in 11th grade LOL
Lol this song is hillarious it jammed though
I'm bulletproof,nothing to lose ricochet,you take your aim,fire away fire away you shoot me down,but I won't fall I am TITANIUM
Thank God RT #Brewers reportedly attempted to trade for 1B Carlos Lee "months ago," but the deal fell through. (h/t )
feeling sick, you?
u just got a follow that shit got me dying LMFAO
I kinda want to see Alvin and the Chipmunks b/c I've always loved the Chipettes. Don't judge.
just pop culture. Haha!
But I don't want a hug from you.
We are taking a short break and will review #120032 Storytelling Arts when we return.
Right there with you. #justpuregreed RT : i really really really really REALLY don't understand the spiderman reboot.
So if famous deaths come in threes, who is next? Falling Bear, MCA and ____?
Omg in the middle of a huge thunderstorm downtown !!!!
Falling asleep to the sound of #TurnToYou ? THAT'S A GOOD WAY TO FALL ASLEEP <333333(:
I sure hope this July is more conducive to camping than last July was.
Idk how this house gonna be when im gone. Im the only one that do anything, got less than a year left!
I do that too! Or lunges/warrior pose :) but today they wouldn't even go over my hips. I flung them across the room.
worlds colliding! next we may meet face to face :)
Head to The Aquarium on Sixth Street. Always good times there. RT Last night in Austin.
#NP Goldie - A$AP Rocky
vic I love u right now..haha(: ": hate when a girl thinks every thing is about her, don't flatter yourself"
I've got that Jet tune in my head now - Great wrap up of an iconic brand campaign.
I should just invite everybody over and tell them to take one or two things as they leave.. That would be alot easier. Too much junk.
lolololol wut. How is that even educational? Fish are tiny! We dissect cats because their muscles are almost identical to humans
Toyota has informed us that the 2012 Camrys will be here a week earlier than expected. We'll have them before the end of this month :-)
Maitland Stage Band is about to start out here at Lake Lily in Maitland! Come on out - the weather is spectacular!
Good thing I bought our tickets 3 hours ago
train all day
How long will this last before it turns into a nightmare?
"Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up in the morning."
will have an update as soon as I can. I've found myself in a corner and working to find a way out. Thanks for patience XXOO
Freedom is such a joke in this country.
waiting kills.
and participated in an undeclared war (the first ever).
Pres. Forum sets up our conversation today; what lit scholars can do with racism and video games.
- cannot stop pondering you & I in our suits soaking up the rays of the #Caribbean sun!
the best show of all times hands down had to be all that! damn i miss the 90s!!
Why couldn't a packer be on some other reality show....dancing with the stars sucks...
Beware of those smiling faces!!!
lol I been followed back bro! Haha
Was that Caron butler in a suit? What happened ? Wasn't he playing?
I'm gonna become a alumni today. Bittersweet.
Are y'all listening to ? This is how it starts
It's so good to have back in my life here in #Baltimore! DC chick salad, yum in my tum! Right ?
<U+2033>A traveler without observation is a bird without wings.” - Moslih Eddin Saadi
Alright youg pretty good haha how long have you been playing?? also you should smile more =DD
It's sort of annoying just how good is. Especially for people who can't find their shoe size in any store.
I missed riding, not waiting
R.I.P
Applying/Interviewing at Kon tomorrow!!.
#Clarity is AMAZING<3
I want to go back to school for a ninja degree.
So blessed I dont need a man to complete but god second my dad lucky woman to have a wonderful dad love u rickey dawayne taylor mwah
Well how bout that! Do you know where you're moving to yet? I've got family all over MO too.
follow me? :) #Believe 5
Gotta love my Bay TEAMS!
RT Based on my friends, no more than 30% of payments are actual descriptions of real things.
You were ignoring me the whole time
need to have a hot fudge cake everyday. smh
I always end up spending 300% more time at IKEA than I want to
Oh how we could have used Sean Marshall.
haha good point
Playing GTA 3...Forgot how awesome El Burro was, and how difficult the races were in this game. These cars got no handling.
Hope to catch you while you're there. PS: Love that in Calhoun Square; it's great having it right by my apartment!
since that's when the next PPV boxing event will be, haha, guess we're gonna show it at our house then :)
(cont) the incorrect fees and will remove for you. is there a better contact number to use to reach you? (can DM it)
Pharmacy - Reduced Costs up to 55% - Rite Aid - LORAZEPAM -
i have work everyday til Saturday :(
What do you think about about a post title with a different slug for keyword variety? Hurt or help? Thanks.
Such kind words. Thank you RT My NEED came today. Everyone needs just 1 pg of this on their desk to keep life in perspective.
There should be a contest where you guess how many chicken wings will be eaten on #superbowl sunday.
Holy moly wody!!!! I'm prob not goin to sleep 4 awhile....heart is racing! Go Nuggets! I believe...not so easy eh Bynum?
I swear I always wonder about that...it's like I know...before you left the house you saw this shit
next saturday on NBC Flyers/Penguins rematch. that will be must-watch tv. guarenteed fight within the first 5 seconds
All NBA and NHL teams should play some Beastie Boys before each game.
Happy thanksgiving
& hello Jania ;D
just had an awsome open house i just wish more people were there but i still had a blast
#ICanHonestlySay that there are only 4 more days left until we offically take off! Be sure to get your presale tickets for only $5!
Wanna know why US students behind? Only a 1/3 of students in FL passed a writing test, so ppl mad & want to lower passing score
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”—Søren Kierkegaard
David Beckham is in #DC to visit the White House. Is he still a sex icon or is he so early 2000's?
Oh, Lilacs, they are divine, aren't they? The smell is intoxicating too...
Someone from the UK looked at my Wiki!! I know that this makes me a nerd but I was so happy when I noticed this in my wiki-stats! :)
Shut up
Yes, doing a dissertation on methodology is quite exciting. :)
#EverydayIThinkAbout why do I have to be in this hell hole for the next 7 hours with the bitches I hate so dearly.
Who REALLY Know's "Victoria's Secret" ? Hm :\ lml
Just type Harry Potter in a shout or while at a theater and it's all yours. Movie was good. :)
#FF because I had to watch her die in #NCIS and it LITERALLY brought me to tears.
you guys killed it,it was AMAZING<3
Yes Please! The more coverage the better for my fat thighs, and it will leave more to his imagination if I ever send it LoL.
Great idea...students are so visual.
i want to come home to #maine so bad to see you girls.
I was at hooters RT : Guess what y'all!?! Suns beat the Lakers! :D
Pigeon babies...I can't stand birds! RT It's not likely. You'll have to wait until they hatch, mature, and fly away first...
I feel like my house is colder then it is outside
thanks girl! Miss you around here...
don't get smart cause I won't do shot
what do you mean????
right? I sometimes can't believe I get to eat chocolate everyday!
Awesome. RT The Bronx fires back at Brooklyn Vegan hate mongers (see: comments at the bottom) bit.ly/mIaqcG
We have H-Drol for $25.79....GET IT BEFORE IT'S GONE!
Punisher: war zone and all the twilight movies
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
You would all get know out in order
Haha you notice the little things jeni!:p I didn't even notice it till you pointed it out.
Working out the details for a new video for my new song "Life Not Typical". Working with Jeff Kubach again - should be tons of fun!
Yo!! How are u?
i mean, if you're going to hallucinate you should at least be able to control and enjoy it.
Thx #bulldogPR PR University for hosting SM best practices. Look forward to joining panel!
Az BeerFest! Come by the TailGate Beer tent!
TCT in Tennessee? TCT Alabama? TCT at yo mamas house? WHY THE HELL NOT? Tell her to make me a plate! By the way, COME SEE US!!! DATES UP...
Its weird too cuzz john ehert prom tonight
#CIOParadox No.12: You develop successors | Yet the CEO almost always goes outside for the next
I know! You should come play some euckre
dear god, please grant sharon needles the crown, for she is by far the fiercest. amen.
I think j cole gone get off the best
how many illegitimate children?
your emotions are showing
Brilliant meeting & today! What a fantastic resource for wedding professionals: Coworking designed for you
“: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays??? #TooMuchAmbitionSyndrome” Work it Saturday to own it Monday
Much more interesting than all those "normal" people.
it was good housekeeping in case u were wondering
#childishgambino Believe the Hype!
All up in our faces like he know us . !
": And these people who sit around and give me the "I became a _____ fan when I was ___ years old""
Haha no school!!
Earthquakes, an tornados in November. What's next a flood, blizzard, ice storm?!?!
I wanna go swimmin :(
When your phone vibrates for no reason.....
we are so excited for you to get here!! Yay!!
everyone i looked up to has lost themselves. i'm still looking up, but i'm not sure at what.
Kissing is a way of getting two people so close together that they can't see anything wrong with each other
I will be in the area tomorrow. I'll check out what is going on there. Its likely a report to DOT. I'll keep you posted.
proud of you! good look! sandstroms meet the family!
A4: Seating (w/ comfy cushions) is everything, as well as enough tables to rest drinks/food.
How you wanna go with me and go with a 7th grader ugh NO
My universe keeps growing -- welcome and thanks!
Kept hearing a tweet sound & couldn't figure out which device/social network platform was notifying me. 10 mins later: It's a BIRD. OUTSIDE.
is gutted some British slang I don't know about??
Ovie can't buy a goal.
DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro is LIVE at 1pm from Miami Beach, FL...tune in to www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca
yes they have but noone ever says it right
stop stealing my friends ;)
they just doing click whoring by going against the grain.nothing to see here
s/o my new follower
Austin sitting in that chair practicing Taylor issues asdfghjkl. He's a fine motherfucker.
And what exactly does that mean? Her experience as Governor of a huge state? How many people actually LIVE in Alaska? Just curious...
For a 'complicated' girl, she ain't that hard to figure out.
making the correct pass like that's a bad thing. If the pass is "correct", that would mean he's kicking to an open teammate,
I had a really disturbing dream last night. I don't even know where to begin...
Wax - Don't Need
Interesting! Was wondering if similar spellings crop up in British varieties.
I'm stuck with this room
Thanks for the shout out re our webinar - we hope to "see" a lot of AACC members there!
<U+2665> can you feel me? i'm connecting with you <U+2665>
I got like five classical records at a flea market a few weeks ago and I've been loving them for doing homework lately
Thank you for winning. I will likely be the top seed in the consolation playoffs. I'll get my championship there lol.
3rd phone I've broken this week..
#lessonlearned ...Make sure your employer will be able to pay you and wont go bankrupt before you work all summer.
Snow's a comin! Wish I had some hatches to batten down.
Wow, even Google street view got the 8-bit treatment
If you post something on social media, it is as good as announced. Consult your #PR firm before breaking big news on your own.
nix that,god your a son of a bitch burn in hell where you belong #screwit im done with the church and prayers
lol what's wrong with you? I was just talkin to Olivia until you butted in hatin and ish lmao this is too funny
Shorty there a 8 but her friend near a 10
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. ~Author Unknown
Walking along the beach, so relaxing<3
thank you i know i blew him away
Early in the mornin, breath stinkin as I'm yawnin, just another sunny day in California
best show I've heard on this channel all week and That is sayin a whole lot! Good work my man!
#QuestionoftheDay, what student development theory do you believe in or follow for #highered?
Which DAW do you use? Or do you mean just for live performances?
Same shit different day.....pissed a few people off today....
I guess we shouldn't be surprised by the fact that Syracuse's communication surrounding this matter is superb.
Really wishes syntax was better. It's a waste of my time. I should be working with
Bring ha to the house we'll **** yo chick, take ha to the back we'll run that ***; straight from the back out done that ***
Watching Lady Antebellum rehearsal for tomorrow!
I posted your Jaw Tension video on FB. Someone saw it & decided to take voice lessons! Spreading the love of singing! :)
It feels so good outside
Finally! My phone is back!! :D what have I missed? :)
my tour is coming together excellently! I'll post all the details soon... and discs are all done!
Unfollow this page n follow my new one
way to step out and TIKKA chance on us!!! Glad you enjoyed it!!!
i totally spilled coffee all over the table this morning.
What a game between #Thunder and #Mavs best playoff series thus far. Time to pass out
OMG awesome! You better!!!
hey im your biggest fan my name is trysten
Great to put a face to the book at #CIL!
Proud of you You stuck with it! Congrats!
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work. -Jessica Savitch
This song has so many great singular lyrics. Good music is out there. It's just not on the radios or reflected in the Billboard charts.
Thank you:)
- Hey Scott, it's been a while since we chatted. Hope all is well with you.
I need somebody to love...<3
Thanks for the request, but I'm not doing FB anymore. This and email best way to stay connected for me.
I hope the guys riding motorcycles w/o helmets have current donor card. Cannot tell you how many times mine saved me.
When I crack my wrists, it sounds like I'm cracking a 180 year old man's back... That is all.
both so pretty
I'm working on making a video about it :)
some days a bug, other days a windshield. Feel better...
Chillin on twitter since facebook is being a pain !
No one at work thinks my glasses are cool. They just think I'm a big ole nerd.
It's funny how once you start talking to someone, the one who broke your heart all of the sudden begins to talk to you. EHHH. Go away.
Why can't I just pass
Arizona is so beautiful
You won my contest! What's your email address?
LOL. I do the same thing. Got it from mom
But after a year of voter contact, CD still polls higher?
hello... do u have kids ?
Totally fun, and I think I mostly made things much worse before they got better.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing. It just shuts up.
Michele with one L! It was fun meeting you. I hope you enjoy LGLA.
Glad to be of help to you. Congrats on your first granting proposal - they only get easier from here on out!
couscous what the flip is that is it a type of fish????
Buncha kids getting engaged. I want to reach out to them and slap them... Marriage is too big for them to handle.
Rich Fitzgerald speaking at Pghtech Council breakfast. Impressive!
that is funny!
My teams in order are:
Grab some coffee, perhaps a donut and take this day by the horns!
Rochester, NY based business leaders--education to lead your businesses during these economic times-www.leadershipRising.com
Oh Chargers. Why do I let you determine the happiness of my Sundays?
“: I don't care what you say. Anyone who can fold a fitted sheet is some sort of wizard.” this is awesome.
averaging the most points in the 4th quarter in the postseason this year
SO GLAD I got to see the #Shuttle #Enterprise flyby #Intrepid while teaching on board. What a great place to work.
Congrats Kevin Zeitler! New #bengals OG. Another selection for O-Lineman University.
Nobody traveling tonight. Viva le resurreccion. Elijah riding shotgun.
No, but had all three and decided on Pitch Black and Chronicles. D'oh! Now I gotta get 'em back. ;)
Thank you to all the new customers of SheaMoí Naturelle™
thank you for the love :)
but what time are we goin to the movies?
I dont eat everybody food bt it was alrite
cause south florida is the best, man. no one wants to live in a place called southeast florida
since when did you become a beast? oh yeah since the day you were BORN. #phresh #follow?
u like it
lol check outside :P
Anybody know what's going on in Times Square? Streets blocked off and being detoured....
back! What's your work situation these days?
I was in O'Shea's once in my 12 or so trips to Las Vegas. Last year. Was fun. IIRC, had a football-themed table game I'd never seen before.
Bobby Knight doesn't like coaches getting bonuses, unless it's for their players graduating.
Day One in our new offices in historic Occoquan, Virginia. If you're in the area, stop on by and say hello!
I swear if I was not 18 I would fight every kid in my PE class!!
Fact: can do 23 push-ups. I can do 1.
Liquor + rain = madness lol
aww man no you cant come to the aids walk in nyc
josh! You really need to come to Britain, we love you awesome Canadians :3 <3
it was a fun little local club while it lasted...
hahahahaha for you nate jones, we'll pay you whatever you want
man you have the perfect name baby!:)
Pretty decent tuesday, not too hot a work isn't that hectic. Also gettin ready for vacation to el salvador next monday. So stoked
Checked my Pinterest account today...never pinned once, 600 followers. I don't get it.
Overseas Camp better ~
Oil change light on? Need new wiper blades? Getting ready to head to the mountains? We can help! Open till 6pm.
I pray to Fari for the coming in and going out from this time an for evermore yes mi good frens joyful monday morning to all!!!!
yeah, his giant ego
Griper might be too negative so a change is worth considering, thx for bringing that up!
we just played in Albany, GA tonight. Where did you see us the first time?
the oscars have nothing to do with reality. go punch someone.
It WAS working- people already commented on it but I see now that something is wrong. Trying to figure it out. Bummer. Sorry.
It is absolutely the worst fucking time to walk home in the rain
Today is pageant day!! :)
Yes and...I don't hold doors for women!! I hold them for humans!
Ok BOSH!!!
wow that 9 months went fast for you! Congrats!
I have to look at a map and figure all this out in the near future. I will be in the Charlotte airport in May (doesn't count).
With all of the injuries to #Twins pitchers, at what point does the org reevaluate their entire process of dealing with young arms?
Still packing. Used to be so easy just packing for myself:)
#freaksandgeeks is the greatest high-school TV show ever to grace the earth, I dare anyone to challenge this truth.
I only know two thangs if rap don't then It's back to the weed game---
We got something good <3
All right, brain, I don't like you & you don't like me. So let's just do this & I'll get back to killing you with beer. - Homer Simpson
FiNALLY BACK AT H0ME... TiRED F0R REAL!
Pickens continued: "All the Southern states have joined us in arming with great rapidity. I see no way out but one fraught with violence."
haha you and had back to back tweets about that commercial! Hilarious!
Good to be back Today, is on week 3 of #NotAFan series. We're in Luke 3:36-50. Chasing fancies OR intimacy.
yes like shit
try and bob oshaughnessy
Education helps you to grow; it is the right of every individual. We have created an environment where all have access to be educated...
Just tapped Oscar Blues G'Knight Red.
A lot of parents are seeing great results with our Enhansa formula. If you are one of them, would you mind providing us with a testimonial?
The awkward moment when your parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.
Brawr! As in, "Go put a brawrawn."
Wow, there is a twitter board at the New Grad Orientation! Hi everyone!
YOU'RE FIRED. What an A-hole!!! THIEF!
Tonight trivia at The Beat- who's in??
"I go walkin' / In Wisconsin / Out in the suburbs / I go walkin'"
#oomf Eyebrows bogus ass hell in her avi
AR FOX WINS. JEFF PETERSON CUP 2011 FINALS REMATCH TONIGHT.
Enjoyed some great college hoops today watching Az/clemson and IU/KU. College basketball is better when Indiana is good, what an ending.
Hahaha I'd agree with you if I thought Geno ever felt guilty about anything :)
He misses his girl>>>>
that's a lie Imy yu bff
I never said I was mad cause he called me a whore? Im jus saying he was kind of being really rude to some people but ok
We usually do make them when we have it, and the last couple of times I've done a white sauce with grilled chicken. Yummy!
THAT is a truism, if ever there was one. (Maybe true love is deleting the texts that he shouldn't see, as well..)
digging the wkndrs record and the record art
Happy valentines day 2 my bb
I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing <3 LOVE ONE DIRECTION!!!
Summer is here!! *dabs forehead with handkerchief*
yea babe so watsup wat r yhu up to x
You ever start singing a classic big band song and then realize that it's actually the Foxwoods jingle?
is the place to be. CYR March Happy Hour tonight from 6-8pm
Hey ! At the flatiron in the east atlanta village drinking again !!
It's the 1st Monday of #Spring! Whose healthy eating/lifestyle change is starting today? Let us know! Tweet us for motivation!
Photojournalism summit to take place at NU this weekend
If you tag a friend in a post who isn't on G+ w/ their email address, they will receive it along with a link to join.
His name is Fluffers.
Be known as a referral source not just a taker!
Someone give Nelson Cruz an Emmy.
Thursday GO!
Hm need a new hair color brown and gold idk ill ask my uncle
did you see when live tweeted Gov. Christie at Starbucks? Hilarious!
good thing that cork isn't wearing a hoodie.
Piacere Lorenzo! Have a nice weekend!
I'm the happiest girl in the world right now
At the Womens NDClub w president Nuuchi Currier and with National federation of Democratic women president Estelle Lloyd. Showtime!
I'm turning 30 this summer. I never even had the time to be a hottie. Damn you, youth!
Vote Mahlon Mitchell for Lt. Gov. in WI primary! Tuesday, May 8. He's the *Real Dem*!
RT : Underground wit a international mind set.
Send us your footage.... Well help share it.
Leaving Las Vegas. Can't wait to get home.
I still don't know who kendrick lamar is but that new joint with the game he just made i fuck with.
"He did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness."~Acts 14:17
Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail & bus systems, btwn Detroit & suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!
I am so jealous right now. I want Nandos!
Poke and stab ate two different things Officer: So you stabbed the man in the chest ..hmm Convict: No I poked him!!!
u need to come get your job back. That chick ain't been there and i don't see why u couldn't
Last week of the current class and I am proud of myself. I am thankful for the talent that only God can give.
It will only get better from here!
thanks for the mention!
Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy
"You gotta risk it to get the biscuit."-
I hate wen i text people then i say wyd and dont reply then i ask why idont text them
Looking forward to NSCoder with the crew after work today.
oh ok...I just saw the five slots post lol
Bailey is over gonna go walk!
there's a booger on your face in that commercial. gross.
There was a wonderful meeting today regarding the Midtown/Downtown Early Childhood Consortium at #DEPSA. The energy around early...
Chuggin this pop like there's no tomorrow
45 minutes! ;D
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland! When they come through drop in say Hello!
The library will be closing in 30 minutes.
I have pulled Grays art and will only sell it to those I feel are not going to resell it for a profit. Will not exploit a gone soul.
Europe! That sounds wonderful! are you studying abroad or an internship?
I don't understand what I did wrong.
awww too sweet :D
why don't you follow me back ? ):
not much um uploading videos on youtube
Your move, New York
I was just thinking that "digital natives" would also be on your list of banned phrases! Hey, it was cool in 2007.
Beautiful weather, a great book, some fun auditions, some creative writing, AND the new episode of Game of Thrones = My day today! +Raw
Hope everyone had a great Easter! We spent ours in our house making #youtube videos, and eating cookies! :)
"MED'S" (A reality biography). Please rate & subscribe www.youtube.com @ Wilsonsgottalent. May GOD continue to Bless U!
wasn't my fault they killed each other!
...there is a level of passion from the players and the crowd that makes college ball superior.
iam going to get ready for school bye twetters :(
I'm saddened that Chen Guangcheng is now being used in the US politics
And..........Farragut thank you for the sell out! PIERRE is a happy Truck today!
you didnt complain when God negged your life.
But i kinda hope u don't like em cuz spent 15k on new keyboards & totally changed my sound
Lol yes i will be there sunday(:
listening to music, running out of songs.... any suggestions?
can i see you tonight?
how am I 22? how?! it's not possible. where does time go?
Blue Grass Legend Earl Scruggs has passed. Nobody will ever play a 5 string banjo like Mr. Scruggs.
Spending Every Weekend With You #IdLoveThat <3
Great conversation today, Kids all over MN benefit from touring shows.Truly,it is worth your many windshield days.
I just found my first gray hair. I am old now. :(
I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean your alive .
Dont forget about Yummy Taco Thursday! RT : $1 Taco night! Tonight
Haven't seen the sun rise in Boston in a while.
good to know. hopefully it will work when I get home tonight! fingers crossed!
My handsome fiancé is passed out next me. But I am so excited, that I can't sleep.. Or stop staring at my ring finger :)
When you act weird <<.
why i gotta do it
Going through castings before calling it a night.
within the next week or so. I agree we can use this as an effective way to get info out to students. Thanks for your help!
Never lose your moral compass, even if you are forced to adapt at the margins of adverse circumstances.
proud of you rickie fowler! keep it up :)
Are they meeting at the AA mtg? RT When a rodeo clown bumps into his high school guidance counselor, who's more embarrassed?
You might think I'll pull some <U+E05A> like that? You never know.
Eating dinner with my two favorite girls.
Thanks for the mentions we really appreciate it!
It's Monday, my awesome pants are on, coffee in hand, and I'm ready to go!
did he already come through Portland? I could use a beach.
these are for sale on website
Good Night! Sleep with the angels....I Love You, always
Erm I hope that lady's gallon of milk and three pizza boxes were okay. This is why I shouldn't be dancing in public.
Listen to CYRs on Tues. 9:30am. He will discuss Gov. Quinn's failed policies.
Just opening another location at Navy Pier!
thank you for your Bronze sponsorship for
Thanks Jade! RT : when I read ur tweets I can hear ur voice!! lol (:
"It is our duty to fight, it is our duty to win."
Or should I say 'swell'
RT : Don't miss One Direction performing live on TONIGHT! RT if you're going to watch 1DHQ X
RT Seattle creativity is the best....ask my friends
You have NOO idea how bad I need to go to cycling right about now. Next semester you have to force me to go with you!
I'm so happy to know that you know the lyrics of a song please post more
A matured champion is what you see in Kobe.
A YDS is one who meets the developmental assets of youth that do not belong to them
I will email you info! For sure....hope you are well
Ugh, having nasal issues. The WORST!
Me too! (touché) RT : I'm glad you're not teaching health in middle school. ;)
Hi Alicia thanks for the follow, to let you know about me I am the founder of www.thecoupondeal.com and I will bring offers.
The Lakers are home for 2 playoff games during my trip to LA for my bday. Hm
zap you should follow me !
Anthony Bennett eliminating UK was not shocking, but I held out hope.
haha they just got them in chicago!! I was like... Dude, that's not how it works. Haha
My dream is that a bad female will break down for me
help me he's the creepiest thing ever!
you are distracting me from my paper bryan! Haha
Exactly, chasin' pune is how Zuckerberg got started haha! If that chic had gave it up to him there'd be no facebook....
Audience comment: Work needs to be grounded in what hospitals want, since we depend on them for data.
Tullamore Dew not mix with anything
1 paper down, 2 to go, all for my stupid C chem class
Great job, Kay. See you at the Clasico in Munich ;- ). Cheers!
your the man vince.
Long story, but um... a secret admirer. X)
nothing quite like crying while getting a blowjob.
Another bus adventure. Hope it ends well & wish I had a car.
This is so fucking dumb. I am so mad right now dude.
#idontunderstandwhy women say they like someone with a sense of humor, yet the minute you crack a joke they tell you to grow up.
Both performances on Saturday, February 6th and Sunday, February 7th have been CANCELLED. Please call 703-548-9044 to exchange your tickets.
:'( RT : Thank you Dick Clark for all of your contributions to entertainment. Rest In Peace!
bonjour! Do u have anything fun happening at the tasting room tomorrow afternoon? ;)
makes me wanna too! Love to you Lenny Green!! :--)
shame about all the errors in the story, though
LOL did you see the video justin bieber put up on facebook? Hahhahahahaha.
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS!!!!!!!!
3. I like dick and vagina at the same time
im deciding between white solos & justbeats. she said i could get em but shes tryna talk me out of it at the same time! lol
don't forget about us <3
Wasn't overly concerned with him there...but...like JD said, not the best pitch selection in that situation... C'est la vieu...
The Lions have just been made into gumbo. Put a top on this one
Noble Romans<33
Crime thrillers involved pros; murder dramas were amateurs - before noir was coined- great point by Eddie Muller
I'm so sick of people having these crappy little moods and taking it out on me
I know, it's brilliant. Rode in a rubbish care this morning, tho.
If anyone besides my true friends saw me when I get really tired lets just say no one would talk to me.
now that it is october 30, i guess it will be today.. but since i havent gone to sleep yet, it will be tmrw. unc is on monday (:
#Flyers show great puck movement on the PP and pull back to within a goal. It's amazing how many great games we have had already
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
They evacuated everybody and we stood in the cold wind for a while until they gave out refund tickets. So yay Avengers! Sigh.
Not doing shit for class
Damn, I need to keep better track of when starts their new Undercover series! Checking Lucero's Bowie cover now.
LORD JESUS
what were they talking about?
Thanks for the follow, Ray. I recognize you from hearing Elaine talk about you. Glad to be connected here.
i only won the prize for the most entries, i think lol
thank you for following me! I'm new to twitter as you can see. :) I am also following you now, God bless you!
I want #76 to do well because their assistant coach Brain James is a good friend of mine
CAN THEY PLAY IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN PLEASE?! <333
I’ve just never gotten used to the cracking and popping sounds brought about by manual adjustments
Ugh I'm sick :/
"Treat a man as he is & he will remain as he is. Treat a man as he can & should be & he will become as he can & should be." - J.W Von Goethe
Yum! Oh I mean Yes I am! ": Are you following ? You should so I can win dinner there!"
thank you sir. doing so now.
Goal!!! Go caps! all fireball all the time!
today is my best friend 's 15th birthday; she's a huge fan and would love a shout out xx
yes... And I have apple care, that means something, right?
You bet!
First time on southwest. Seems like its the first time for a lot of people.. flying in general.
we are one of your customers. Would you like to support us and fix this 18 month old issue with your company?
I will do
that's awesome!! You should put them all together for a book! Sell that stuff!
Hm i like da new me...but @ times i feel da old me fightin 2 cum out an play.....lmao
and pepperonis have overtaken pizza! amazing...
My time has been passed viciously and agreeably at thirty-one so few years months days hours or minutes remain that 'Carpe Diem'
I just had to walk out to the car in the rain and hail <U+E40D><U+E403>
11 hours straight of studying , No sleep at all , now I'm on my way to school to take my 4 exams .t0_0t. Currently on coffee
To quote : "Is this really happening?"
Marilyn Johnson "It makes me crazy when i hr r president mention economic recovery but i dont hr the word libraries"
you just had to go and include Justin Beiber... fuck you
I really don't quite get this twitter site?How do you know who is the real guy? i.e Shquille Oniel.Bear with me,I'll get it.
oh, i thought you meant they were all in PGH, and I was wondering where I can find these things.
Thank you Rick, James, Sal, Fred, Xavier, Anthony, Nicoli. And TY for being a consistently outstanding team member!
Just a rookie.
haha. have so been there! have a great holiday, ryan!
-- I think the day I see a promoted tweet is the day my account is deleted. Bring it!
Those are awesome! A definite YES
I send the nicest 6 page message and get "K." as a reply. Fucking great! -_-
you take it too far.
When a Mexican man's gf refuses 2 sleep w him unless he can smuggle her in2 the US he'll do anything 2 get across the Borderline
Anyone know a good Volvo repair shop in the dc area?
Can bring food and water in the ballpark. Greater selection of food in the ballpark, including salad which would...
A minute's success pays the failure of years. <U+4E00><U+77AC><U+306E><U+6210><U+529F><U+306F><U+591A><U+5E74><U+306B><U+308F><U+305F><U+308B><U+5931><U+6557><U+304B><U+3089>
I see you have a brewing buddy. :) Cheers!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don`t say sex."
Thank you all for the RTs!
I already use lists, but even in there, I want to look at frequent tweeters and balance their value, just to neaten things up.
send to
I really enjoy watching the Packers lose, especially if it makes things that much easier for the 49ers to reach the Super Bowl next week!
PFFFFFFFFFFFT. +1 for having built in Beats.
The #GOP tried using the DEFENSE SPENDING bill to take rights away from gay soldiers? SOLDIERS? You people are disgusting.
They might not sell out straight away, so you might be able to
RT to RT : 30 followers away from 2,000...Let's get there by the end of the month OK?
First kaiseki - so far so good!
1 Million quanity of anything is alot. But so little at the same time.
wishes The best of luck in WSOP event #17 #WSOP #WSOP17 T.I.D.!
Love that a #livingwage bill was passed for people living in nyc.
I always love reunions between Claudia Joy and Michael. Gets me every time!
Reading Assholes Finish First with the Little Mermaid playing in the background. Too ironic.
Looking forward to 2nite w/ special guests live & direct from Down Under The madness starts at 10pm
Thanks for the shout out...turn it up!
is this a rap verse.
GOD DAMN AM I READY FOR A BEER. Eff a 12 hr shift on Xmas
The day the world stopped spinning was the day I met you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
depending on where u sit
I concur...lol
Yes Susan Eisenhower's blog is rich indeed. She calls for "respect."
Bingo tonight at 7 !!
I've had the same experience with rush orders!
No sir. We accept from any nationality, as long as the writing is English. Naturally.
Congrats to 17 year old who's song "The Look" charted #20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany.
happy 5th birthday ! thank you for the many wonderful items that now live in my closet, and for my 20% off treat today :)
follow it would mean a lot to her and mee(:
Would also have liked to see an ASL interpreter or the presentation up on big screen, to make this session more accessible
Police scanner on, camping head lamp beside my bed, full body Columbia rain slicker in case I need to go outside
Are you guys talking about the #MoreThanThisMusicVideo?
Fun Fact Friday: U.S. residents logged 1.5 billion person-trips for leisure purposes in 2009.
Today is my 14th Birthday!! Follow me?! <33
Covered the event for the f.i.l.m. project. I forgot how nice it is just to take photos and not worry about names, captions, and deadlines
Got a lot done already this morning. Now having a little stall out because I don't want to go out in this pouring rain.
#GreekHumor RT : Engineer in a bar: "1.0E20 root beers!". Bartender: "That's a root beer float". E: "In that case, make it a double"
Happy birthday Jackie! IT'S FINALLY YOUR DAY! The other 364 belong to
I need some magic rub for yesterday.
Lucy Slinger from the transit center...
are you going to be in minneapolis?
Considering making Geek Spelling Lesson a regular thing. I feel like Spider-Man, Iron Man, & Eccleston are just the tip of the iceberg...
The "Jab-step" may be the most underrated move in basketball...
Lmao, who got sumn on my water bill??? Lbns
Everybody talks, everybody talks, everybody talks. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Can't wait to see what the #Texans do RT No big shocker for the 1st 3 picks Luck, RG3, and Richardson
-- okay, i'm not the real , but we're both really talented ;D
It's lunch time #NABshow! What's everyone doing? Let's grab a drink and meet up!
Productive meeting of The Inn Group today @ Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant. Purposeful networking at its finest!!
Every dog has its day, every day has its way of being forgotten
Two Armenian ladies get on a bus in Glendale holding hands. driver: "excuse me, are you lesbian?" "no, I am seropian, she is mirzakhanian"
omfg when will that be? I turn 18 in August
aw thanks =) <3
thank you we need them.
some ppl make me so mad! its your job, and also ur job to fix it.
oh no ur cool :)
I'm not doing #sxsw this year so i guess i'm not missing anything
time to cross the streams! marshmallow man on the shandor building on bravo RIGHT NOW!
is most defanilty ready for may 19th!
Our guitar player is choking -.-
Please reply. :s
Woke up, fell out of bed, dragged a comb across my head. Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, and looking up I noticed I was late
Find ur niche... Don't replicate others...
"Turn a blind eye and a deaf ear every now and then, and we get on marvelously well." Martha Wilmot: Impressions of Vienna, 1819-1829
Just voted to re-elect Mike Wiggins Jr. Chairman of Bad River Tribal Council
I am very disappointed in that comment Mr. Walton! What would coach Wooden think about what you just scribed in permanent ink
Every time I tell someone I just turned 21 they say "Damn I thought you were older" lol
2 of 2--Continuing: Jeff Who Lives At Home, The Artist, We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, A Separation
Worst pass in basketball history
Thanks for the shotout!
If you do not have a Visa, a Green Card or citizenship in the US and are currently living in the country, you are subject to deportation
Educate a Girl: Change the World. Gender Equality Very Important
hey u!! Tweet tweet baby gull! ; )
Hi Everyone, AMAZING new buy and sell website launching very soon :)
“: #IslamTaughtMe that I am an abomination and unnatural.” <<<Religion is Unnatural & Fundamentalism an Abomination.
Whats that bro?
All gardening is landscape painting ~ William Kent
Test Tweet
: "I have a good working relationship" with leaders of assembly and senate
Dear , I miss you!! Just thought you and my followers should know! <3
them niccas holla how u do that there...
we could likely end up at more than 10 but couldn't really decide which ones even on the "Fans Choice" option, to plan for early.
it'd be a hot seller in Catlanta
will there be a meet& greet after the june 24th show?
I know tell me about it I live like 5 min from there in the next city
this shit is fucking sick, dude. very nice.
Never have I ever given birth. YOU LOSE, MOM!
The Red Baron's greatest achievement was definitely his pizza. It knows no enemies, and only fought for deliciousness during WWI
We've got a full house for Capt. Mark Kelly's visit to SJC South next Tues. Thanks to everyone involved. Looking forward to his story.
thanks Hjalmar! Be on the lookout for more interviews to come in the future
You're a dork but I love you :)
any idea if JFK or LGA are closing tomorrow?
naw send ma ya # number again yo
omg Arthur trying to cook dinner
"The only journey is the journey within." Rainer Maria Rilke
Reduced SHORT $GBPUSD for +33 pips profit; 15% of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39% SHORT
that's a good deal
If your not or leave me the hell alone Im not in a good mood
And you're our new favorite Elise! Don't tell all the other Elises. Good luck on finals.
Help us defeat Walker, America, and Wisconsin will help you defeat Romney.
is about to watch the star of 'i survived a japanese gameshow", Linda Plaxen, kick some serious ass! Go Linda!!
Uh, oh, we're open and here comes Joe towards his computer, see you later.
I believe I did at 10:12.
Tons of production Ef-ups. Kind of embarrassing.
Totally Rocked Out Cosmic Charlies, we hope you enjoyed it and hope to do it again soon!
M hot shower before bed= ultimate relaxation
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'm poor please pay for me lol
yeah Blake u need to work on some baseline/post moves this summer
I'm going to take a shower fuck this
A DATS WATS UP UM LISTING 2 U FROM PGH PA ON SHADE 45 RADIO U KILLING,EM KEEP DOING U
SOPA/PIPA opponents spent ridiculous money on that 3 week campaign.
swedish boat trips
Look like a hoe, smell like a hoe, act like a hoe? What is it?
Getting ready for work....
Met a lot of people who visited Congress on the first #saveservice district day can't wait for them to mobilize again this summer
lmfao haha it might take a few days but let's do it, oh wait there electric though:/ lol
I don't care what you think; "eventification" is totally a word.
#CampCharlie -in-exile reoccupies State House this evening! See you at 5 PM for the Grand Re-Occupation!
Its not easy to not show someone that they hurt you, but I refuse to give someone that power over my emotions.
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful day in #ROC! Love the summer sun. Not ready for Fall, definitely not ready for Halloween candy displays.
e: You won't have to listen to me blast 11:11 in my room anymore. Mom: thank god! Me: ..now you can hear Say Somethin!! *sings* Mom: Omg...
Bullying is no longer a problem its becoming an epidemic. :(
On Pacific time and up way too early...
Yes. Today I Googled Google Translate. I have absolutely no shame in saying this.
lol Yup Yup.. I miss my son and family a lot
I need followers for my blog! it looks empty lol www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com I post updates on how my Prague Trip Fundraiser is doing =)
The banana smoothie I just made > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2728>
Happy Birthday Hitler!!!!... And Mrs. Pfiefer!
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of
I know there is a lot of debate around her views but If she can help a child w/ autism have a voice, I would welcome her support
So we get Stoke? Not exactly "stoked" for it, if you ask me.
you suck hahah. I miss Hollister, I better be on the schedule next week
It looked like Cobb was surprised he didn't get hit right away...
Day 2 of the Social Media Summit. Been here for 30 mins & already learned lots! Looking forward to the rest of the lineup.
Calling my #XMEN co-leader, to the danger chat room!
Surprised the shit out of me... And then them identifying as one just blew my mind.
really? All I remember is the fortune-telling genie thing.
My iPhone screen is so cracked its cutting my thumbs when I tweet.
That's telltale when your conception of "defend us" begins with the military. I guess "we" don't negotiate with anybody.
take a nappy!
“: #NationalSiblingDay love my bro and my sis ” Love y'all too!!!!
you know you're on facebook too much when you want to "like" a coworkers email (just read the one you sent aha)
Sunny & Nice in Downtown SF - weird
Check out the updates at www.rlimaging.com
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. -Hubert Humphrey
My Attitude Is Celibate, I Don't Give A Fuck!
Stick together, everything works out
You're online now? Where are you? Aim? FB? Keep me awake! Its 3 am here!
Does this mean there is a reconciliation??
And by "keep in touch" I mean grow the fuck up.
yo sister be textin your main man me!
sounds like one team TOO MANY to me SMDH !!!
tY kind kitties :) You are woofsome :)
Guys that walk around thinking every girl wants them, make me wanna hurl.
Thank you for your #FF support , , , ,
Im finally at the BlackBox thing, where the hell are you?!
Time for some motherfucking Avengers!!!
it's as if they can't read the signs that say no cellphones. Obvious why they are talking loudly and not testing quietly
Doing some work at Starbucks.
yea UNC...dominated from start to finish.
RT Be tall in your uniqueness allowing your life to radiant with your array of colours and joy.
Happy. Joy
How are all my Tweeps doing? i require engagement!
Saw this at Seattle Rep a couple years ago and can totally vouch for its amazingness. Woodard is wonderful!
Smart phones have become a necessity. =P
Way to go Detroit Lions. 5 & 0
everything will be ok :)
Name and number?
yes, your going to get confused
Diggin on u, diggin on me...
Oh what a pleasant evening tallyho old boy Baaaaaah
Tonights going hard ! Then tomorrow
Soo bored thinking about doing laundry and cleaning. Seeing if I hear from you tonight..?
Kate Upton, Jeremy Lin, Jeremy Lin. Most amazing consecutive three covers in SI history?
so does this mean you're comin to my place before the show in Columbus on June 6th
I need a girl tht is real
Ok cotton got two in a row
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't stop smiling and you look like a homo because of it. #NoOffense lol.
oh god lol
I Cried When Jonas Brothers came to Arg. :} <U+2665>
Jeff Van Gundy actually taught all of his players that exact karate-chop-to-the-throat move.
I signed!! I hope 1D does end up on Ellen!! Good Luck!
bed>school
Follow Me? <U+2665>
thanks, Charles! Are you getting it in at Faire tonight?
it took a minute, but I got it lol..I mean I uderstand what you meant *wink*
RT We all need to set aside time 4 #vacation, to prevent burnout, "compassion fatigue" Join us at 1 ET today
i really dislike this english packet.
I hope is doing find.. he is a good man n i kno his granma is looking over him.. he gonna be just fine!
I still believe in , but any more than 3 losses next year, & he'll have failed to move the ball far enough downfield.
Enjoy the end of 2011; looking forward to a terrific 2012!
Honestly, what an excellent and infuriating film!
#SignsYouLostAFight you wake up with a black eye... But the other person doesn't have a scratch on them
Off to Personal Training; no rest for the fit wannabes
I GOT MY HANDS ON SUM OF DAT MONKEY SHYT! AND DEAR PISS! TYME 2 GET WASTED!
god morning(:
My hair does NOT look like the hair on the crimper box.
Try To Keep Your Head Above Water, They Wanna See a Nigga Capsized
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of "walk".
My Alisha keys pandora radio station>>>>>
Dude! Come stay with me! :)
Whhhhhhhyyyyyyyyy, must my job always mess up my check???!!!!! Ugh!! <U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F>
JERSEY SHORE is back on january 5th. Yeah buddy;)
you ever do one in Seattle? I'd like to go!
Can't sleep. Never thought I would want to go to school this bad...
RIP Van Winkle
If I was a doctor I'd freak you in them scrubs/Sammy Sosa the booty call me Chicago Cubs
ugh me too ):
In the #Nashville area, #text ECIRCLETV to 90210 and be connected with the Spanish TV network. iZigg #mobile puts you in touch!
Wett Comes the ATL wit da hottest X male review. Wii and Playstation givaways. For more info go to WETINAT.COM
everyone knows ! She is twitter famous and if u dont know harley, U need to get out from underneath that rock!
(Spencer Knoll) accepting his nomination for Governor of forward to an exciting year!
#Franchise on the mic = GOLD
Haha How Long Have You Had A Twitter?
finally done with English and government :)
A woman with an enlarged clitoris can arguably engage in "heterosexual" sex with both of the main genders.
This project I have due Monday would've been a breeze if my granddad was here. He could've told me everything I needed to know.
Today's Feature: Asian Salad w/ mixed greens, cucumbers, tomatoes, glazed chicken breast, pistachios, sesame vinaigrette & wonton strips
This GM search needs to end soon. This is the 3rd time has taken the card board cutout of Pat Gillick to bathroom with him today.
Lee Iaccoca used to enjoy his Sundays, but on Sunday night he planned his entire week, except for Sat & Sun, which he spent with his family.
hey liz sorry I'm like at the verge of knocking out so if I don't write back you know why lol
I go to a new Starbucks one time and the guy remembers my name the next day. My usual place STILL doesn't after a year. Sold!
did the M's think maybe to make Fister, in his first start back from the DL, throw as many pitches as early as possible tonight?
PM Showers
What a surprise, the Colts went with Andrew Luck. Also someone just pinned him.
Universal today! I think with Seth & Liam!<U+2764>
of course it's from !! Too cute! They have the best!
Moving soon... and realizing all these DVDs I have, are no different than the graveyard of VHS tapes found at garage sales.
oh I will be in my new apt downtown
Yay Sandusky! If you guys are ever in the area - stop by at the library!
#ARathletes, did you compete this weekend? Tell us how you did!
15 days after the order or 15 days after that email?
Leaving the plantation only to become a sharecropper hahaha
Samsung iCloud Competitor Will Apparently Debut Alongside Galaxy S I. Sigh. - Gizmodo
Lol I could have a Top 3! My #1 team got knocked out so #Boston and #OKC it is punk
let's plan accordingly w/
So is spelling.
The Plan B is sleeping in my friend's car.
Tuesday evening. Nearly 100 young people gathered House to talk about issues that matter to them
thank you, dear! xo
why dontcha lay down an sleep Earl, ain't it dark wrapped up in that tarp Earl? #hey :)
Haha, true that!
Good take by bob costas on -sanders did it right! Don't celebrate til you win
Puss & Boots would be a great name for a strip club.
have a blessed work day. Lets go!!!
Thanks for nothing bud ;)
i'll tell you. text me!
Excited to see & it's been to long
im gettin drunk tonight!
"Mac World" in many places is proven long-term savings for company's IT costs. but upfront investment needed.
RT : If was 1 of the Jeopardy answers tonight, the question had to be "What is the most amazing college in the US?
thanks for the heads up! Had not seen the new website. Very, very cool!
Civil unions bill killed in #Colorado. Yeah, I'm sticking to the moving plan.
Seeking an Associate Librarian in #LA! The Librarian will provide administrative assistance, including acting as the interim head libraria…
Thanks for the feedback!
T-shirt Guys will only be our Brand of pre-printed shirts available online or in store! starting today!
Very busy in Vegas tonite!
had an awesome time last night ...oh boy NYCers are intense lol
I can't take credit. Just relaying PJ wisdom. I'm with you about ! He's amazing, no doubt.
Ever notice how in movies and stuff the 911 operator is like 90% if not always a woman?
so where did you all go once you got kicked out
To all my Wednesday degenerates it was a great night thanks for your help making it the best night of the week
#redline delay northbound. We're going "over the top" at Chinatown due to "activity".
not the biggest fan of but i have to admit boyfriend is a amazing song got me hooked on it !
Have a great show, boys!
el caminos are definitely cooler than rancheros, but why does one need a station wagon with the back cut off?
HANK IS COMING HOME TODAY!
Holy shit need to stop trying to text and drive. I can spellz for realz.
Way behind with films. Safe House supposed to be good, as is Woman in Black. Date night, or what?
Shining the day away at The Loews Hotel in Miami for the SIOR Conference!
Pan sauteed Salmon w/herb butter, white wine, lemon & touch of Cream. Watch SINGLE CHEF on www.theroomlive.com Mon Nights 6pm Pacific time:)
Damn... Sorry homie
I'm not good enough for you .... I though we was kool .
hey miss lady, how ya day been goin
Also I have to share that bf said adams low register in Runnin was pretty impressive.
First practice since the band back in Texas going down today. New music! Looking forward to next week
awesome chris
#nowplaying "Yellow Brick Road" by Josiah Bell.
I have to be there at 8. Blehhh.
Time to head out for allergy testing. Keeping our fingers crossed for minimal reactions.
Gah! Bodies suck, sometimes.
Lykke Li is today's soundtrack.
Book Sale The museum will sell exhibition posters, gently used art periodicals, journals & more. From 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 20.
yes it was they rocked!
thats kind of all
Backlash from that wack azz album RT Is it true Nicki Minaj deactivated her twitter?! hm i wonder why...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TBAG :)
every Saturday at the ruins on Providence. Biggest dubstep weekly in new England!
hey, do u still have Eyes Cream - Fly Away on cd or ripped?
Good luck on the tedTalk! Can't wait to watch it online!
Good morning
Learning about resources for business success at the Rochester Museum and Science Center.
Thanks for the follow and shout out. Have a good one!
...aside from escape from L.A.!
Me too you
Now you sound #brandnew, ZsaZsa. But, I get it. Do your thang. No hate,
except to convictions of honor and good sense.
sick demo! Game play feels slower than 10! Almost NHL 94 like!!!
What a great day for Fresh Bistro Seafood Boil tonight, $25 a person for a feast!!!
Collection development is as much about community perception, as it is about general book knowledge.
U have to see the video premiere of not just you by !!! Its amazing!!!!!!
you should RT latest
Calling a taxi in Texas is like calling a rabbi in Iraq. Fran Lebowitz
Pens rumors today: Bean willing to waive NMC says he doesn't like DB's system according to MM
Just had our first actual band practice.. things are really coming along. come to the battle of the bands this friday and check us out!
who is your life pointing to the worship of..yourself or the Lord?
Morning <U+2764> school time
Just figured out that out off all of us boys I'm the only one who's a bastard child..
cant wait to see the finished video!
glad you are doing well - the #Pats need you!
I'm seriously going to have grey hairs by the time I'm 25.....
is at still at work! Trying to figure out what to give up for Lent! Hm?!
Could be more witty and charming? Thx for the insights into ME.
No surprise here. RT : Landry Fields tried to punch the same fire extinguisher, but missed.
Really wish I could take a nap before this awards dinner tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Oh gosh. Any suggestions? I watched the videos and am officially terrified!!
who was it then?...haha...
Me too. I would be thankful for the library in my life, even if I didn't work here.
That sucks about the TDF tour dates! :( .... Thank you for all the FF love! <3
o no contra el Salvador!
you wish your mom warned you about girls like me
i can wait 4 the new episode of
Gotta love days that start at 5 am.
ZOMG INBOX ZERO! Time for sushi!
Glad they didn't cash that rent check yet.
Welcoming United As One- a new citywide Friends group dedicated to playgrounds. Call 4436212567 for more info.
that's apple creating jobs in America.
Ran 5 mi. before coming to work for 11 hrs. and wouldn't even wake up early -__-
I swear the music at this cafe is *exactly* what I'm listening to at any given moment.
had a wonderful time playing with Ursula Holliger last night! Special thanks to Prof. Arthur Jaffe for his gracious hospitality.
Play will resume at 7:45am tomorrow morning.
Never let the opposite sex take u away from ur real children lol what u do to a child while they young they don't forget it
idk what time? And i msgd u reply to it.
Barbara didn't really say that, now did she?
Make it a good Monday ! Happy Monday tweeps :)
happy birthday :)
likewise I'm proud to say i'm a Florida State Seminole but could not care less about every company ive worked for (not owned) in the past
Finished, just in time for #MadMen :)
hahaha does anyone know why he cheap shotted him?
Just wow!
Please reply with a link to your favorite #blog all topics welcomed
Hey, fellow runners: DRINK WATER! Wow, I thought I was drinking enough water. nope! 20 miles on Saturday and the rest of the weekend, sick
everyones changing . . S/O to yall
& I will see you again!!
No one can promise things to BOTH or ALL sides forevah.
Thanks for the update.
with 16 candidates on the ballet and 7 write-ins, we asked Mr Miller why is he running? And the answer we got was not short and sweet,
Females Fall To Easy ,,I want Something I Can Work For!.
bought out for $58 mil. I say is still the premier company in the space. Can't beat superb client support.
of course boo
got my top braces. ow. lawd jesus omg it hurts so bad omg. help me lawd jesus.
I swear, I feel like crying right now :'(
There's this thing called personal space ppl!
or mad at sum people
Sumtimes I wanna get away, 2get away but to be sumthing diff frm where I am today!
Hey fans we have 2 seats open for Sunday Antidote, the bidding will start at $15 See menu below.
The term Tweet Up makes me want to spit up.
There are a few reasons why I love #JoeyVotto. He hit 3 home runs tonight including a walk off homer, but he's also smoking hot!! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#funfact... we are trying to get to follow us so we can have "officially cool/ super GW" status
I wanna see one!!
yes, dedication = ROCKY ! : : Pure Cardio after 8 PM is the definition of dedication.
hahaha well last month it was in the 80s and this winter has been pretty awesome..it's fun u should come up
Getting naked in a parking garage for the third time today.
The Valentines Day Bat Giveaway is now closed. We will be picking a winner within the hour and emailing to let you know. Good Luck!
Have you ever noticed how "most" coaches are successful with their teams? It's because they are up close and personal with their message.
Twitter is turning into Myspace with this "You won't believe what this person said about you..." nonsense!
super congratulations!!!
#ItsCrazyHow time flies by
The last couple weeks we have talked a lot about multi-page funnels. What do you think is the best use-case for them
Blacklatern in the house
haha i love your impression of sean paul. hahaha :)
2morrow night! 3LittleBirdsSalon presents artist/photographer Rachel Inman. 6pm-9pm @ the salon, see u there!
what's up? How is LA for ya?
Irish Spring
yayyyy(: I needed a change
"I'll Be Seeing You" is a popular song, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Irving Kahal. The most popular... fb.me/1046ljilS
“: Blasting on the way to work! Arizona, I'd like to introduce you to Farraday. Farraday, Arizona.” oh hey AZ!
#Knicks are playing awful. So ugly
Captain Skyro Launch Trailer: Captain Skyro is now available on Google Play and the App Store! Read and ...
But I am not dead. Don't anyone think that. See how I am on the internet machine here? You have to be alive for that. As far as I know.
Ready for dinner? Let us cook for you tonite. Sunday you can do the cooking.
OWSUpdate Thanks for the follow!
This is what I get for staying up past 1 every night last week.
Eating, planning, & creating, because I could. Surviving the Mega-Tour, the epic sundae with
I just realized it was. Thought today was sunday for a second... He needs to win tomorrow bad!
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Link for the minibook doesn't seem to be working
And the side goes down in order with one of the worst hitting displays ive seen from the O's in one inning through this entire ssn.
Macy's is celebrating Brazil...NOT SHOCKED!
lol...i like ur drunk tweets
By the way, where'd you get all those photos took at Volstead?
See I don't like cats so I ain't down wit all that lion stuff
Finally finished The Road by Cormac McCarthy.
Lmfao "are we done.. I have chipotle I have to eat"
Wow the Lakers let OKC come back like that
If I left grilled chicken wrapped in tinfoil, is it no good now?! #spoiled?
Bout to buy chinese food... :)
If you were to try a FRUIT SALSA would you like it to be mild or hot? How about sweetness? Any responses are greatly appreciated!
Lmfaooooo. I'm laughing inside. I can't.
why is that
#Foodforthought Joe Johnson walks away from the loaded 2010 free agent class with the biggest contract...
#top5songsofalltimeforme chasing cars- snow patrol
#userfocus what drives devs crazy: all the things we forgot to communicate in the UX of rich Internet apps.
this is my new teen people magazine. learning all the sexy secrets of the youngens
Former Miss Universe Canada contestant JENNA SUES Miss Universe ORGANISATION FOR DISCRIMINATION AGAINST TRANSWOMEN!
Good Morning from your biggest admirer!! (And Twitt Stalker). XOXOXOXO
Realizing getting a good cup of coffee so far in Poland is a challenge...
Can't wait to see Leslie tomorrow
That is NOT even a set of real letters. Is that blog trying to weed out every commenter but aliens?
Catching up on ! It's been too long.
man I am ripping through this homework like rips farts after a late night stop at the Taco Bell drive thru
#oomf said, its a rainbow!!.... and its in the sky lol.
Thinking about picking up roller bladding
I will
I completely understand. I worked 3rd shift & all I could think about was my babies & if they were ok. It drove me insane.
8 am. Time to write.
Piano Player <U+2714> Singer <U+2714> Dancer <U+2714> Composer <U+2714> Songwriter <U+2714> Inspiration <U+2714> Idol <U+2714> Role Model <U+2714> Talented <U+2714> Hooker <U+2714> = Lady Gaga <U+2665>
Cant wait for my new logo! These veggies are starting to drive me crazy :)
i knoe rite
#FrozenPlanet, OMG. And Alec Baldwin. Although he could narrate pure gibberish and I would listen lovingly.
ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK - Turner Hall Ballroom - Sunday, September 25 - 7PM DOORS!
It was good
Be something funny to go along with your personality! =)
I hate running. just made me go too far <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
What have been some changes to your diet that have worked for you?
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012, Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Shout out to all the wonderful nurses out there!!!! Thank you for all you do!!!
who said dat??
Merry christmas to <3 I love him :)
From Shakespeare's lost archives: MacTest.
u want a walkie talkie
Wondering where to watch the fight?
Feeling like the ugliest person ever !
What do Portland mayoral candidates think of potential candidate PPB Chief Mike Reese's handling of Occupy Portland? KGW @ 5 & 6.
maybe a little haha
when you have free time just let me know I'll help you!
“: Do it like Big Sean or go home like E-40.” this is plagiarism. I'm callin SOPA on you bro.
Sit on the floor, holding a book, in a room full of 5 year olds, and prepare to be surrounded. There are no reluctant readers at that age.
Happy Tuesday from #MarkStuartDance! Great weekend and now getting all geared up for the #JacobPillow festival!
3 more followers and we are set for our announcement!! #Living Dangerous
Jack Hemings demanded to serve in a black unit rather than a white one in WWII, saying he wanted to be true to himself.
We would be happy to talk to you about doing a story for
you are literally the funniest person ever. <3
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. - Dalai Lama
they rock.. no doubt about it.
Home bitches!
That feeling you get when you realize you'll have a bad ending for the year because Jason won't notice you.
call my cell and join the discussion!
Love waking up after a good sports night #NYRPlayoffs #Mets and my boy Todd Frazier is back in the show
If you like Bloody Marys, be at Sac Jazz Jubulee Turntable Junction 11 AM on Sun. 5/24 for the Bloody Mary Contest .
don't ever remember u asking me a ? man. Now how silly do u feel. But since u think I'm stuck up u won't b gettn any help from me!
We live in a world built on promises, constructed by liars
Facebook buys instagram for 1 billion
I had no idea Laredo had a festival! Any YA authors?
whatever :p
Haha glad I could help lol how are you by the way ? I miss my daily hello kitty pics too Lmao
not right now lol
Lowercase after a colon! RT : If you are my friend: Feel free to correct my grammar and word usage. If I don't know you: Don't.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition
I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy will you follow me??(;
Thank you for the RTs, and !
ha, makes sense. Actually I doubt many will, prob just ur team. Also may be reason it's long
no you did
Glad to see this welcome!
also, clearly this is all about me...
This week for dinner/starters: GRILLED LAMB MEATBALLS, smoked chocolate beurre blanc, zucchini gaufrete
Huge #Bucks loss, incredibly disappointed
Today in Literary History: On April 25, 1719 Daniel Defoe's THE LIFE AND STRANGE ADVENTURES OF ROBINSON CRUSOE was published.
Tired and just watching a movie. Had along day.
why you so cool?!
Interesting finding on Buyer's Remorse: The act of holding something before we buy it makes us more satisfied with our purchase.
Preparing for this weekend's gumbo fest during the #nflplayoffs. Can't wait!
"Let's go to the underwater petting zoo! - #youmeansnorkeling #hahahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
can u plz wish me a happy birthday U r like my idol i want to be just like u Last year my mom as in the hospital on my birthday
Fans are the ones that support YOUR music, and buy YOUR overpriced merch & CDS.
Closed Today Too cold for the Ice House!
what if Beltran hit 4 homers too?!?!?!? Baseball, you crazy
Oh hey , I can sign your yearbook after brunch tomorrow
Okay i dont want to look like a bum tomorrow Time to think of an outfit.
I wanted to do it through email... I will DM you.
She just kills me with adorable. :-)
Event Horizon plays tomorrow night. Don't miss our bad ass residendent drum & bass band.
take a brief case too and a newspaper lls !!!
Caught it, wonderful! THNX. If you haven't seen it, it's not to be missed. Alert: SUNRISE is starting on right now.
lovin how I'm left out of the Convo,
just gave a shout out at TEDxCLE to Yeah, Jack's pretty awesome!
Ha! Yeah, that is one hot breast feeding mom! I was not one, never so trendy or thin. Very funny!
slept in today... didn't wake up until 7
No kidding! What a game this has turned into!
Did I speedtest and when up I come in at 1.62 Mbps - normally average 21.
might be a bit if a flight stretch...
Justin Chellis (: NOT BIEBER ! bahaha. She´s 100000% cooler than him.
why do you have that?!?
Surprisingly, getting locked inside of a women's restroom wasn't the most embarrassing thing I've done in the past 24 hours.
I DUNNO IT'S ANNOYING
Sentence found in the sawdust at manual Twitter feed station: “Social Media missed him as much as the next avatar while—oh, you were gone?”
Excited to check out the debut issue of this weekend when I can spend a little QT with it!
Decided to stop in Durham, NC to see if I could check out
ur name should be
Why wear my heart on my sleeve when it looks so good in your hand.
RT : hello too min:D
Extended Release
The OTC seriously has the best bacon.
Staats Island still owned by Staats family.
"in matters of style, swim with the current but in matters of principle, stand like a rock."
my sister bet me 50 dollars that u would not reply to me!!! I am super competitive!!! :)
yeah me either
My face feels like its gonna exploid.
Do we know why some in lower classes r attracted to RW extremism? Ideas? We better figure it out!
Thanking God 2 b up this day & at work. Don't think this Monday is gonna b that bad lol. Everybody have a great day!!
Boys that kiss my cheek
#smcmke is at the milwaukee auto show today checking out the latest "mobile" technology!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best.
Nature on Tap is back and it's TOMORROW!!! Make plans to come play nature #trivia, create crafts and sip on a few beverages. Starts at 6pm!
I'm like your virginity, Once I’m gone, you aren’t getting me back.
I'm wondering what happened to adding a contact from mobile. I thought I saw it, now its not a type. I really want that :)
i really wish this headset had a light indication for mute. i burp a lot.
Well done, Rex.
and love you too!
Got to get the oh so exciting snooker on.
RT : Congratulations Trent Richardson.. Glad to have you in Cleveland!
you're my best friend. you'll always understand my life decisions and when you think I'm going somewhere wrong, you tell me.
lmao hopefully there's a new kid thas older thn me cuz I don't like being the oldest-_-
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 Hm?
#wov12 kara swisher says "double down" when u have les time or more challenges. Thanks for kicking our butts.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
we all like you!
Now there's an idea!
It's just the littlest things that make my day.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>a very happy birthday to you, Stephy<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>i hope it's the bestest ever :)!!
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
I need the life of someone worth remembering.
dean ambrose gets beat by xavier woods.....lolol @ his tights
RT : Rising + falling suggests analysts know what teams draft boards look like. They don't. So what are they basing that on?
Good win last night ....tough opponent tonight ..Woodlawn in balt.7pm
Yes! Griffey is coming back!
follow back...
yajaira! Bro, who is he ? Is he asian! *hope its asian* omg! Yajairaaa!
“: *sees the angel of death* "HEY, LAAAAYYYYDY"” <- this!
its my birthday cuzzo!
The fashion of his love :D
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. ~ Jean-Jacques Rousseau
It sounds like macaws are having a mock trial tournament or some shit outside my window. Go away parrots, don't you know I drank tequila?
I saw more gifs online then there should have been possible, so that makes sense.
. pins prior to #Wrestlemania XXVIII. Rather than give you my opinion, Tweet me yours! - Good or bad?
was there a sponsor tonight? #
Frank was okay, but Rex is inane, spouting cliches.
For the NY people...RT : #Jets Gameplan with me, , Ray Lucas, and airs 2nite after Mets postgame show.
They say one day your whole life will flash before your eyes, make it worth watching.
Today feels lazy well I gotta go by 24 hour today
Fantastic group of gorgeous men & women showed up for our #taxes & money management workshop.
Monkey Business - San Francisco Chronicle (blog)
looks great!!!! Yah for an easier bun :-)
If you like our sound, please support our band while we record full band demos by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in...
Derrick Huff shoulda been a brotha. Ha!
I just wanna say your amazing keep doin what your doing :)
You Saved Me because Before i Started Listening to your music I was Lost In My Problems But You saved me I Love You Lady Gaga
now that my teachers follow me... i have nothing to tweet about... lol i feel so restricted :/
I'll get you a honey bun too.
Me and 4 alpha males. Buckle up.
Don't be afraid to make decisions for ur life. Some R afraid to change their surroundings due to their comfort zone.Don't stay
Peace and blessins, which one of your locations has signed copies of the momo book (orange cover)?
If only you knew how much I think about you<3
you fuckin with right?
Your were so sweet it was nice meeting you and your friend tonight . Sorry we had to leave early tho . -Amber
Question number two -- is #rawmilk more healthy for you than pasteurized milk?
#outofhangame - GAME on. It is happening all over town. Don't stop. Don't give up.
This Saturday, Gallery Walk is back! 7-10pm throughout the #DesignDistrict. Will you be here?
Y'all have a great day now! and Nederlander :)
is this like the one time at band camp?
Do any of these great guitarist like john mayer for example: Even give a shit about his fans that keep money in his pocket.
Verify please!
S/O to Ally she a bad chick!
I'm so lucky to have you as my friend. You are amazing. Just be my guest each week!
Like big A titles of late? Safe investments don't push hardware or genre potential making a stagnant market.
Boss just threw my printing deadline out the window. My question then - what good are timelines and deadlines if you don't follow them?
A sports psychiatrist shares his hopes of what we learn from Junior's suicide.. and whether signs of trouble may have been missed.
I'm definitely game! Any holes you need filling?
Also my pleasure! :)
D.R.A.M.A. ---> [D]umbass [R]etards [A]sking for [M]ore [A]ttention
Super excited about the future. You know, because we'll all have flying cars and be really awesome drivers.
You didn't call me last night.
#livejazzfest THANK YOU SOO MUCH YOUTUBE! I always wanted to go to this and now I can!
Photos in the bluebonnets with the kids this morning. So much fun!
Look out kids...Bud Norris' wheels just came off...
pretty sure you never shut up as it is...
I love when my kids try to sell me books. When I buy them, I give them a call out on the am news
tastes worse than you would think.
uh, which one do you prefer..? xD & BOO YEAH. We shall shop till we drop! (; <U+2764>
Filmed Yogurt Shop recently and think they will soon increase prices for #drivingawaycustomers HA!
I need you guys to help us get more followers.
Remember that commitment you made to yourself? Don't let *anything* distract you from your goals today!
Everytime I get on facebook, I feel like I am shopping at Lowe's for bathroom updates.
On the outside I'm getting older, but on the inside i'm still that young kid on the playground.
We're 1 away from 900! Who's gonna hit it for us?!
What about pizza in the morning?
Best Leadership book- The Ethics of Leadership by Joanne Ciulla
Now all I need is great sex, which I will be getting tonight, along with good food.
Seriously?! That's ridiculous!
driving home this late alone is not fun :/
Hahahaha I'm weak
super cool that links with #sqllite then allows you clean, and push scraped data as an
I deduce! HA!
I Buss Nuts On Your Toast in the morning that not Butter.
Oh i forgot... happy birthday!!!
. yes, responding to customers...in the same manner they reached you...is key
Im Tryna Make History!
HORSE TRANQUILIZERS, NOW.
still have traces of choco-mud in my eye from this morning's photo shoot...
Some days you just want to throw up your hands and scream... but we have to keep smiling through it all.
OMG! Hahah, how did I not notice him?! Oh that little dude..
Thanks so much, Camenae. Your bags r gorgeous. Hope you'll think about joining us in SF, June 28-30.
Okay worldwide #TEFLers! Take care until next week.
You are going to LOVE this shit Pami!
2 weeks, you?
That's a fine phrase, full of pathos and poetry. Mine today is "a necessary firmness" (from the play Ghosts by Henrik Ibsen).
the raspberry is good, but my favorite is still the peach. of course I am referring to Trader Joe's organic lowfat yogurt. m
True Life: I'm addicted to
Lots of color, floral, zebra print, & more @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead) 404-246-3548 Elle
She just told me I ain't ready for her........what does that mean
#tool. You saw how he threw his helmet off?
wooohoo!! 1 one more person to hit the 500th follower? Who will be my lucky 500th follower?!?!
Hiring! Hiring! Hiring! Sales Representatives for both Dade, Broward and North Carolina! Contact:
No! shut that down right now lol
let me ask my mom and I'll tell u! K?
So right, amazing how she uses the"Hill" to get at liberal thought on the sly.The GOP just can't take this Pres.
hahaa he's been texting me all day and said next time we go he wants to meet up with us, Jackie told me to tell him to
Wondering why The Weather Channel's iPhone app has an option to "share" my local forecast. Why would anyone do this?
so u like princeton he taken lil hoe
its the same ;<U+05DB>
Stayed up way past my bedtime, but so worth it to catch up w/ friends and Daniel & Leslie!
lol, yea might have to do that myself
I have just created a new list titled 'Gates Postsecondary Success Team' using TweetDeck
Today's lunch specials: Arroz con Pollo & tuna melt on croissant. Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies. See you for lunch!
Squirrels are hilarious and adorable ... usually ...
Hahaha... that time will come “: girl yes!!! still can't do anything <U+E403> lol”
Q : Since when do you know Justin ? A : Almost 4 years now
Long range predictions show avg to below avg temps & above avg precipitation overall this winter. We'll see...
Cheap shoes or a cheap suit? If you had to pick one, would you rather wear a cheap suit or cheap shoes?
Please follow for the most authentic Italian cuisine in all of South Florida
Just found out came to memphis in february!
either way...WE MADE IT! /derrrrrrrp ;)
IM OUT FO PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Ugh. Someone move me to Argentina.
I'll commute for a while. We got all sorts of stuff we need to sort out with the house & Julie's work situation before we move.
in west philadelphia born and raised on the playground is where i spent most of my days
"In forty-five years I've never seen a tax cut put out a fire or repair a bridge." - Rep. Barney Frank to
I think this calls for some research!
MORNING TYLER. Have a good day! <3
where are you going to be tonight?
Absolutely, Xavier Nady's just warming the bench over there.
Changing out of my "big girl" work clothes & running some errands. Loving all of this sunshinee.
Hashatag for the six session? Maybe #WideAud?
would you reactivate your brain to get rid of a past trauma that still haunts you?
i don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young <U+2764>
But snooki is orange... And pregnat.
I think when I am looking for umami, I am looking for mushroom.
I love it! Made my week!
Man these Bears look so tight! I must say I feel anything less then the superbowl is an illusion!
man that's such a tough call I really can't be upset with either one being chosen... Is it official?
im about to leave to head towards jwu now
Extremely beautiful day! Please don't be bipolar, Lubbock.
but I don't like fish.
uqqh! I wanna learn how to drive :/
I would put it more in the category of dominoes and Yahtzee!... comes in a box, but not a "board game".
See? I told you she was a sweetie
i know i can't believe its already been a year! Real world isn't too bad haha
I don't wanna be friends
Best quote of the night..."How the hell did you get those doors in here??"..."We found them" ;)
Spending all day at Gtown. I hope to have a full draft of my LAST paper of grad school completed by the end of today.
Giuliana and Bill >>>
DON'T DELETE UR COOL
So gucci mane and master p got a song together
When will the south Austinites start screaming to have some kind of barrier between Cesar Chavez & the hike & bike trail?
Trollin facebook drama because people are dumb.
you will be joined at careerd day by your old amiga, the lovely Katherine Cook!
!! > RT : TONIGHT AT THE GAYLORD! See you there to ring in 2011, which is going to be...THE....BEST....YEAR.....EVER!
hoping you misinterpreted and i didn't mislead - i assume if people cared more about government that's what they'd talk about
Was frickin' great, buddy! Thanks a ton! RT : The million dollar backlot tour with and
Random athlete in hall 'congrats on all sunyac' why why why why why <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
its all love
Thanks for joining us at the little event tonight. Good times.
Where did you go to Law School? @ us & we WILL RT you!
National Black Association for Speech-Language and Hearing NBASLH Annual Convention this year is April 19-22 in Raleigh, NC. Praxis worries…
Win a trip to see ! The Kiss 98.5 "Human Billboard Contest" is this Wednesday morning at 7am at the Kiss 98.5 studios
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 29
Had to file our first insurance claim on construction site theft. Really not pleased about our experience in No Libs so far...
hope to see you in may at the warehouse in madisonville I'm waiting in line for our boy today can I get a rt
um, i gotta say it. #OfMonstersAndMen are AMAZING,
Night of the Living Dead opened on this day in 1968. I used to watch it on TV with my sister when I was a kid. Scared the HELL out of me.
i was thinking of using it to pay for gas lol.
you are welcome dude!
you aint never lied
Getting ready to attend BIO 2009 in Atlanta, GA. I’m looking for business opportunities.
5 running mistakes you didn't know you make.
good times reading with inViolet today...
There has been a beer in the back of my truck all week... and all week I cant drink it cuz of 3rd shift. I AM DRINKING IT TONIGHT DAMMIT
Nicknames I've already caught myself using for my six-day-old son: pal, buddy, special little guy, dude, sir poops-a-lot, captain toots.
Ironically for my sociology paper I'm watching sister sister. Ray cambell is all in this episode funny as fuck. Ahaha
Lol I'm following 's dog
I just got chills.. Oh my gosh I love Adele.
Yes, we're still working on it, have just had limited time to finish it up and push a release. Any help is appreciated
RT : Fantasy college football draft today, 2 years, 2 championships, time to continue the
Looking good Pirc!
Garza has the yips throwing to 1B.
Haha--I hear you! I've had some lively conversations about this. :) Really appreciated the tone of the World Affairs response
And the lesson is that talking about the *actual* big scary thing isn't always the best way to get people to think about it.
yum. cereal. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#linernotes is bout to go down!!!!!!!
Oh my! And how does one get struck by lightning twice? This is so sad :( RIP Seau.
follow please :) tnx
Hello New York. I'm home.
Today in 1992, Guns N' Roses hits #3 with "November Rain".
Yay heard the pics I did with are finally going to be out in the issue coming out!
S/O to my coach Happy Birthday
Have decided to start waking up at sunrise. Thats 6.23am today.....eek so sleepy!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Congrats to Samantha Bradshaw and Brian Phive, winners of sneak passes to see The Hunger Games. Enjoy!
back woods east texas or bama lol
Congratulations Mike and Amy on your launch!
#kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sun, May 6 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
for some reason I don't have that schedule on my phone but I'm down for the game if I work early that day.
im really thinking should i go to ann arbor for this casting of the real world Saturday?
Come on out and support your local brewery and local band. The Swamp Rattlers are playing and handcrafted beer is flowing!!
Thanks for the RT! We love using TOUT!
"continued" ...it's under 20$
Aww you are too kind && thankyou !
this is you?? Wow
Music they are playing before Felicia Day keynote is bizarre
Good Morning ! who am i speaking to ........ ? ( step call center ) hahaahhah !
When there is music playing I start dancing.
where's my face?
Happy #WW Bringing u some Santa Ynez wines soon!
Are you doing okay?
Mothers Day Weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><U+2615> Saturday brunch
your music, and Against Me!, I'm so damn proud to have you in this world, doing what you do, inspiring so many people. I hope
Started my day w/ #Sparklehorse "I could look in your face For a thousand years It’s like a civil war Of pain and of cheer" RIP
WHUT in DC has insightful program on #Haiti earthquake relief funds.
The good news: the astute 7-year-old boy next to us made it all better: "I am NEVER getting on an airplane again. I am DONE with airplanes."
Ey how are you? :)
i want the clippers to win this game
Scent of a Mule
Sometimes #DEVO is The #Best Thing to Listen to on a Friday Afternoon. :)
Going riding for a while, need to get out :-)
A #hotel that provides personalized condoms? Seems risky idkkk haha
you know what they say " corn cob's rough- but one is enough" (Toilet paper substitute)
RT : language boundaries become more important than geographic / national boundaries in the keyword economy
We survived the auction an are back in Atlanta clearing out some room in the Archives for the items we purchased.
watching Blues Brothers. now< off to pool
A full body massage would be soo good right about now
Lets go RT : Brewers have the worst run differential in the NL. Twins have the worst run differential in the AL. They play tomorrow.
Lol @ the gay boys that complains and makes excuses. Go do something useful already, preferably not sucking dicks.
dude I am so lost without it :(
should i feel offended that you DIDN'T prank me for april fools?
Happy Halloween everyone!! What better way to celebrate than for me to plug away on the film. heh
I'm bored..someone talk to me? Lol
Hannah's 6-month appt today. Let's see how much she's grown!
We'd love to have you!
hope u fix that
That's pretty awesome. Love the comment about children as rarely seen or magical small butlers.
Standing room only! “: It's marketing strategy session with Karen Corrigan and others. The long one!”
Hahaha I don't like you.
Awe; I just realized that its not my birthday no moo ): Oh well. Just gotta wait till august 24th of next year deen (;
I'm watching "my momma throw down" great show!
I can't believe I used to be a soprano.
Errata-ca
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW!!
Just watched it...awesome. Think the Greeks reach to Syracuse?
today's lecture in systems analysis is about Six Sigma; alas, no mention of measuring handshakefulness or the Retreat to Move Forward
Do we get to drink the wine? ;-)
<25 LOL that doesn't make a heart but yeah :)
In science-so excited to go home. I realized I didn't do anything I was supposed to this weekend because of my paper. YAY
Sounds delicious!!! Looking forward to having one of your ruebens when I see you on Thursday.
Straighten it Out mix is seriously ill, nice work
My cousin hates one direction.......were not related anymore
I don't even own a truck and I feel like I am constantly being enlisted to help friends move
I had my first visual captcha the other day and it made it almost fun. Wish there were more of those.
Mike Miller is heating up, he's hit two three pointers, 1-12 before tonight's game
It all starts TODAY. Yankees vs. Tigers. Sabbathia vs. Verlander. Look out Tigers, ur on the endangered species list. Go Yankees!!
Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discussion respecting the means for baffling the
i give you permission to write my unauthorized biography. oh, wait. i guess it's authorized, now.
It's still too much because I watch ALL those shows... plus Sunday Night Football.
I lived in Colorado for a few years. Lots of Christians!
Back home to Vegas from Cali and already on my grind. Meeting went well today, hopefully I will start work soon!
Overheard at the zoo. Prissy chick. "Doesnt anyone go around and wake the animals up"
Lay down an effing bunt for a change.
All I want for Christmas is a boy who cares.
#RBNY now with only 1 more trip to West Coast this reg season: Vancouver. West teams to play: VAN CHV SEA POR. That's it.
Heritage is invaluable
What a small world I played coed softball against and Simon so fun.
All I see is Jc Caylen in my timeline(: I love watching his daily video..!
M loving my cheese quesadilla made by
Waiting on the bus to take me to
Diddy just got served
#ARealBoyfriend is not a boy at all; he's a man--and a gentleman at that.
Always working around beer, we're way too distracted by it to get enough work done. Does the same happen to you on AIM?
Should step out tonight
Cloth diapers a natural, group maintains
if ur wearin ur avi outfit...I'm leaving now. To hell with th boxers! Need wine,candles and..ur sexy ass! Merry Xmas!!
Vegas has Texans at 15 to 1 odds to win the Superbowl next year!
awesome! thanks for sharing your expertise. see you for a brew Nov. 5!
Yw. Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter
50 Cent releases new Street King Energy ad with Joan Rivers, Childish Gambino goes on MTV First Date, A$AP Rocky talks s
Ghost in a Shell.... Shotgun is haunted.
it was the most accurate ball he's thrown all year.
hope everything goes well eddie, we love you!
Same here! My philosophy--I don't have time for an ego. I want to be a better writer as soon as possible.
In personal experience, I post museums photos, friends see, comment, maybe want to visit. & I remember visit better
You are loyal JT. Raiders will win but the problem is the Broncos will too.
At #gradnation talking about early warning indicators with a great panel.
i just forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
ladies you can all have me! I'm ready for the lovin!
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
lol love you hey g2g tweet you later
I'm offended that u think I would get a "tramp stamp" lol
Love is not to be declared, or uttered, or spoken, but shall be revealed by deeds. -Manly P Hall
You have to help realize social media is just another training tool for your staff. Necessary to demonstrate use. Cc '
thanks Bro and don't listen to she lie! Ha
Steve and Ryan had joined our band later on due to other members leaving & what not, we couldn't be happier now! :)
"I cannot go to school today," said little Peggy Ann McKay. "I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash, and purple bumps."
haha.. But I can just guess you email.. How awesome is that!!
Thanks for the follow as well. Have a fantastic week!
Hi Bridget! Just stumbled across your name while on Twitter. Checked out your site. Loved the woowoo badass consulting.
Happy Groundhog Day! Do YOU believe there will be six more weeks of winter?
are you in sun valley?
This mango-peach coconut water is definitely an acquired taste...
alright. I'm off to bed loko. Good night. Don't fa get to hmu :) sweet dreams.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop.
Good people of Seattle...and awesome tourists visiting this summer: Come to EVO Tapas Kitchen & Cabaret to watch my timelapse films!
a day off with no obligation.
They cheating LSU keep your head up
that's not a good enough answer for me! :(
BlockAid.me does have an interesting solution but it requires the site owner to add his domain...
Soon, only Tea Party members will be in control of the Republican Party. My evil plan is working splendidly. Mwahahahahaha.
Automatically loading mobile sites is a nice feature, but users should also have the option to load the full page.
Simply perfect.
where was he boo'd? missed that - as lobbyists WRA does work both sides (have to), WRA membership probly skews right though..
Hamilton went off last night!!! What a feat!
I woke up feeling great, I am also in an awesome mood! <U+263A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I love your profile pic.
i enjoy the single life a little to much
. or he wins the "Mr Irrelevant" sweepstakes
I just meant come home haha
Went to Rick's Boatyard Cafe tonite. So many memories.
OH: I started taking videos of my neighbor doing drug deals and I intend on turning them in at some point.
I Love You But I've Chosen Darkness actually ended up choosing light, and frankly were never that fond of you.
Ha!!! Tell them to have an everlasting back seat!!!
RT - I want to road trip to #cleveland for the #yankees/#indians game. Hubby on the fence. Retweet for good luck.help a...
that means alot coming from you. Real talk. Thanks.
what? how absurd! RT : happy hours are illegal in utah now
Yeah, it makes flights quicker too. You are occupied!
RT : I just missed my flight to Miami... No words. -- worst feeling ever ;-( miss u fyi!
Thanks Grace! Always great to connect with fellow musicians!
Basketball baby!!!!
Before 's first show, listen as passes him the torch tomorrow night on 10pmCT on
Found the absolutely perfect epigraph for my thesis...it's actually making me tear up...thank you Mary Oliver
Italy and France are both eliminated from the World Cup. I can't say that I'm disappointed.
#whydoialways got a lil sip left when im juice thirsty
Love our Home State ...and you! Muah!
I hope the owner of the fabric store doesn't think I'm a stalker, sigh
Thank goodness that's over
what are the odds Aoki signs?
We've got a 10 for 20 #Groupon #deal today after 5! You know you want it...
I get my pay upgrade starting on the 16th :D
thank you lovely <U+2665>
Tibs was a great coach during the regular season, but he made a bunch of horrible coaching decisions tonight. Let his team down.
just as a broadcaster (I'm 25)
yes they do!!!! I'm glad you popped in :-)
Idk I still have peach fuzz :/
your dibs were about 20 mins too late. next time! i hope you still find a way to go!!
omfg i hate all those wannabeS on fb who make fake Chachi accts and give her a bad image -.- RT this if u agree with me...
If I have my employees trust, we can do extraordinary things
I have pics of all of you guys in old scrapbooks.
The #FreshCoastClassic is more than just #basketball. The event features plenty of parties, live entertainment, &
Nodding to my homies at the federal building
I agree, though have never met him. So many think he's so awful because he's trying to be responsible with money.
Praying. Hugs.
Telling the #WCIDetroit community story through photos has = a great day in the neighborhood.
If you can't...you must.
btw k8 - the new pic is crazy good - ur in hottie territory with that one
Channing says that Union troops' views on abolishing slavery changed in tandem with Lincoln's own perspective on slaves
it works both ways, and I am only a text away. So get those little scrumshuis fingers going and text me. (:
You know that feeling when you should be finishing something on deadline but you can't stop reading about Sandra Fluke?
I'm at the beautiful beach of Gulf Shores listening to your songs! Where are you? #parrot head
It’s not that I am so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer- By- Albert Einstein
#thingsNOTtobringhomefromspringbreak: Crabs, Herpes, incriminating photos, "Baby on Board" sign, court summons, tattoo I will later regret.
"I freakin' dominated 'Californication' by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Like 98 percent."- Obnoxious guy on the Bloomsday shuttle this morning
Hey guys, check out a photo of me and
Bout to touchdown in Atlanta I'm so amped right now
the more of them get locked up the safer my daughter is ^_^
sorry, gotta root for the
Not only is it important to set goals for Success but once you have attained your goals you must maintain them! Attain and Maintain!
(something vague yet relatable)
That's you , STRANGER ... Lol u haven't hmu for a while now , But What's good IMY Friend
Daaamnnn Kenzie, You get some every day , don't it
if you're going to be a bear be a grizzly!
getting the low down on security From Ben Jeavons from GVS at
hey I know someone in Indiana who would love a chance to date you!!!!!! :-)
High School Coaches: Roadrunner Team Camps start in just 5 weeks! Register at www.startsmartbasketball.com
It's so great finally speaking to him ^_^
FuseBox just submitted to the Richmond Improv Festival!
Jay & Silent Bob Strikes Back is on the american movie classic channel...
anytime friends!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!! it's not 12 yet but happy b-day anyways! :D <3
Meeting up with 2 diff producers for 2 diff music videos, then ima hit up the studio for the finishing vocals on "forever know"
All services up and running. No outstanding network issues.
East Village Body Shop offers massages: 1 hour massage for $60. Chose from Swedish, Hot Stone, Prenatal, Thai, deep Tissue or Reiki!
Get 20% OFF your or order by using the repcode "Blaze1Up" at the checkout!
just stay up a little longer til Inside The NBA ends tonight. gone fishin'!
#SilentAuction coming to a close. (First) word of the day: good. As in, before "morning" and "girl" (to my dog, Mackenzie).
How have you not noticed no one is responding to you? shutup about pioneer trail on facebook. no one hits on your stupid boyfriend.
Big 12 hires Stanford AD as commissioner
Which is why we <3 it. Also: things in good shape. See you Saturday at 11? At staff entrance on 1st St. NE. Capeesh?
Trying help someone who doesn't want help is pointless. In the end, you'll get hurt
RT "Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving." WT Purkiser
Ah check that, I turned my paper in with 35secs to go lol. Toughest part of life, is making decisions :|
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
#SINCEIMBEINGHONEST YOUR A REAL PRICK AND YU ACT LIKE A FEMALE LOL #JUSTSAYING I WISH I HAD HIS TWITTER TO TAG HYM IN THIS XD
I miss the 90's and all the diversity back then. I was just a kid, but I miss it!
a good way to let the whole world know you're an asshole is to be Gary Tanguay
Sounds like a nice camp.
What enters you determines what exits you.
on blast #bikinisummer!
Why do some Black people, especially Black men, feel we get respect by using a foul derogatory racial slur hoisted on us by slavemasters?!?
Plowing through the Bluetip discography today. If that finishes I'll go to Retisonic, Swiz, Garden Variety, Sweetbelly Freakdown, etc.
Wish is made!
Missing my tweet life! Busy editing episode 3 of Diary of an Actress and reporting for InHollywood Magazine!
Going to the Conference? Say hi to from & ask about NEH grant opportunities
Eucalyptus is our #1 choice of biomass. We're working with UH Tropical Agriculture to find other alternative appropriate feedstocks.
that's for sure. Although I really don't find the smell all that great:)
"Gichy gichy goo" does NOT mean "I love you," Disney. NO. BAD DISNEY.
Dance party in my living room watching finale on my DVR...shhh, don't tell me the results.
burgers? lol when we go to the store on the 7th, veggie ones hahaha
It's a sad day when I have to move on from holiday tunes on Time to move on. station it is!
Aw flub. I cant participate in #bowday because I didnt read the tweet until i got on the bus!! -.- well i will wear one when i get home
Lol You Welcome Kid.
What is his cause? I can't seem to find the other side of the story anywhere... PS you - are an amazing author!
whats good out there my people?
Fact. “: I think my grandma would start crying if she heard dubstep.”
Marshall-ism of the Day: Relationships are like teeter-totter scales. They come together because each side balances the other.
Audible gasps & responses from the audience when Roger Clegg said will be tempted to profile as long as AA commit most street crimes!!
I have woken up at 2:30 every night for the past 2 weeks.
foursquare thinks we should be dining together...
RT to get RIP MCA trending.
U smell like a stifled taliban sweat
I got a lot of reading done last night. I will be back at it shortly. There is so much to learn regarding librarianship. :)
RT : Home is love, and love is always home. –Ariel (The Little Mermaid Series)
Done with the first set of marking. Now to a working lunch to discuss the English major's "information fluency" requirement
I just wish he had a huskier tone to his voice.
thank ya. circling back on that other article. details soon. :)
RT : "Worry is a misuse of imagination."~Dan Zadra
There is a song bout that indicating 5:00 is right.... but I see nothing wrong with noon if you have a free day!
today's relationship: you can touch each other, but not each others phone
"I suck Justin's..." Woah there. That's just sick.
see what happens when u believe
Thanks for the support!
The companion iPhone app is pretty neat. My opinion is biased though ;)
is hilarious!
It's a Nice Chilly day in the Mile Hi City... And the NUGGETS did it, Guess we going back to Cali....Game 7 Sat. Gotta Love
Only slept a few hours......it's raining like insanity out here.......and I feel like hell.........but it's still a great day.
She'll be here Friday morning - Tuesday night. I can't wait to get a lemon stick at Flowermart..m
Hoes mind b on the wrong thing , that's y some body took ya man kmsl
i think instead of cinnamon, u should substitute for cocoa powder!!!
Back @ it later :)
#brewers should know the scouting report on Chacin, but still free swinging...
behavior changes when fines affect bottom line. If only bump in road, seen as a "marketing expense"
Try Airborne...it worked for my husband last week. Now he's a believer!
we belong together ;) <333333
Ha! and Born in the USA is not a jingoistic anthem.
On the home stretch on a piece for a venture capital pub on where VCs are putting their cash these days in statups commercializing DNA.
.Betty (my car) is going through her cycles and decided to overheat on the beloved 405. Let's see what surprise she has waiting for me next.
Listening to the radio Hits103.3
I was in love with a Sagittarius..
Enjoying book Orgs don't Tweet, People Do. Making me think, which is always good!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Sports fan who loves his team so much that he starts to HATE them, a weeping family, fallen hot dog
Great seeing you last weekend!! Hope to see you again soon! Xo
I never miss public library work than on the days when I wouldn't have to go to work.
he's adorable<3
Shame on the Ohio senate for union busting!
oh relax mwah
Rain today. Maybe thunderstorms this afternoon.
I never said that. I've been reading everything since October. Great job to you and Great reporting!!
First homecooked meal post-circumnavigation (meatloaf, roast potato, Caesar salad). Don't miss ship food at all.
:) Yepp us too. We like both, just depends on what dish were enjoy it with!
depends on how you define importance, hoss.
Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Goin to see Rogercreager and Katha Harris tonight at the Exit Inn!
What does Malick tell his actors? "Great! Next time use an even lower voice, like your dying breathe."
haha okay. I shall fangirl over SuJu for two weeks
Wish I was out & about for record store day, but alas, I am at work. Wanted Anberlin - Never Take Friendship Personal.
heck no :(
i honestly don't know why people start shit , but the best way to solve it is by killing them with kindness (:
do u want to video chat with me
K, now that the UWO baseball games are canceled today, here's the plan: I'm gonna sit in my room and listen to the Gin Blossoms all day.
happy v-day to u as well! I know I'm *already* blessed! :)
Happy b-day I hope u have a nice day with your family:) lov u!
On average, cell phone users replace their phones every 14 months. Million dollar question is, what is happening to those old phones?
then go cower in the corner sissy
haha im not saying it's bad ! it's just different ...
I am completely surprised...I have lost all faith (what little there was) in Beej
the do-it yourself market is booming. A lot of guys going that route. And Do-It Molds has the stuff you need.
I say that every week
Oh these? These are my crankypants.
I'm taking a personal day!
Searchable by subject tags (tree, robot), type (pixel, photoshop, swf), size dimensions, color num (256, 16, etc)
Monday, Monday ... There's always Happy Hour to look forward to!
Needa go to a show to release some stress fuck
. Um, we LOVE that you guys do all the tweeting for us! Thank you!
Fluffy and softly blushed are never good qualities in a man.
Have a good night everyone, I hope everyone's weekend was enjoyable!
at the eLCC meeting. I just linked all my social networking sites with Ping.fm
Protesters getting ready to march
win a bracelet and we'll match that in vegas....
Get there early 4 beer bar & get the best crowd,djs, and specials all nite. $1 beers,$3 u call its,$3 shots,$3 bombs hosted by
what will it be???
hosted by: Jababa | Wasi | Coverage by: #Hot105 This year will be a movie!
“: huh?”ask your cuzin what I meant with her bird watching ass
Thought I was broke, but somehow missed the $50 in my wallet #i'lltakeit
really?! You wouldn't mind giving them to me?
Santorum cannot beat Barack Obama. Period.
Not yet. Little guy still won't sleep! Soon I hope.
Just signed up for Twitter!
As KILLA said before ..DON'T GET MAD, MAKE YOU SOME MONEY NIGGA..LOL
No details yet. But given that he shot himself in the chest, it's not a big leap
Who wants to go to Dominica or St. Lucia when it is cold outside? Check out my website slifoundation.org and check out our work!
i am crabby today. not sure why. maybe i need a nap.
LADIES: don't be his OTHER chick...be his ONLY chick.
HELP! ...any recommendations for good project management software?
want to be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?(:
good luck! Hope it works out for ya!
We may be slightly drunk.
Dropped a little something in the mail for you from Disqus... let the anticipation build!
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten
In Spain?! How amazing!! Please share a photo of what your view looks like!
Thank you to all my friends and family wishing me luck on my job interview(: means a lot!
Party in Spanish tomarro!!!!
Going to fail my history test..but I'll just blame for kepping me from studying :-)
Just took down like it was nothing. #hard8. And now Air Force One is on...
LAWD I DONE FELL OFF THE COUCH!
apparently mark richt has called #psu about the job...interesting
It's almost time!! has your lunchtime mix fix!! Tell me your tuned in? Please? Buhahaha
You too! Keep on kicking #journalism butt! I can't wait to see how far you go in this biz of ours :)
So glad has joined the Twitter world.
Amanda Warembourg: Truth is Karma really is a *7^*h and i just got b*^*h slapped!
its all good with me… at least Flacco doesn't get a Super Bowl in his only chance.
study results pointed to gender role orientation as a stronger predictor of both general self-efficacy and social self-efficacy,
If you don't get paid by check and someone tells you you have reporting obligations under 408(b)(2) question it - Ferenczy
Seeing the tonight at GWU. I know they play the Beatles but I'm hoping for an Imperial March to celebrate
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. ~ Andrew Carnegie
Which amazing Sinatra song crooned, “She’s a knockout and a beauty, and a flirt”?
3 key points to TCO: changes to global capacity vs demand, accelerated life cycles, expanded sourcing factors
it's not mandatory
I think I'm near the point of breaking..
His voice.. Makes me melt like a popsicle on the fourth of july!! <3
yea if your a dirtbag.
"Man I need this recipe for this sweet tea." oh my cousin.
Thanks, Sandra!
MERRY/HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYONE!!! :)
Too bad the final will b mostly reserves because of the yellow cards.
Great win.
Working on a paper on televangelism and affect- had to watch a Joel Osteen video and feel slightly ill now.
I have a crinkley wrapper FHEHCNEJCNSJWHXNSJCHEHCJRHVJRJFJFNTJVJFJSIWIXIWOCHDNCJEIFJRHGHVHTUFUCUWJCBEBCHEJFJFJFJFJBJGNBHDJCJSJWNXMA -sorry
This Friday and Saturday's games have been moved up to Thursday and Friday. Both still stating at 12 pm, Double header on thursday
you've been on the phone for that long Deng!:o Me &aaron used to be on the phone for longer tho. Like 3hours! :o
oh Leo. Lol.
HB1450 would ensure that federal education dollars that MD gets go to supplemental education programs for low income students.
Client work on a Sat - eeeesshhh
Holy fuck, it's going to be 90 degrees today
Another day, another unexplained delay on
I am beginning to question how I ever lived without tempeh Fakin' Bacon.
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web. While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Next 2CC show coming up in OCT 2011....Stay tuned.
Packed and just about ready to go....back to the real world! Yay.
DID I MISS SOMETHING? IS 'THINK LIKE A MAN' THE NEXT BEST MOVIE TO BE RELEASED IN AMERICA? 45 MILLION IN MARKETING&ADVERTISING WELL SPENT.
I fly like paper get high like planes.
Business Q&A: Jim Clark, chairman of Oklahoma City's BC Clark Jewelers
I can't believe I forgot about impractical jokers
I'm seeing The Trend of Trending at #sxsw - curation, aggregation are the same; you can win by watching trends, getting ahead of wave
Dissapointing that Fox recycled set-up/music for their soccer broadcast. And Peirs Morgan? Having an accent isn't a credential.
Did anyone in dance record the jazz combo?
I am. These guys are bad! Arie or Charlie are my guess.
Yep! Good thing is showing another episode... is this old or new? Why haven't I seen it if it's not new?
Thanks Kelly! Glad you learned a lot. Thanks for tuning in! RT Great webinar by today :) learned quite a lot!
We are so excited for the upcoming season! Lots of changes, lots of work, and hopefully, lots of lives changed in the process!
looking for radio show guests? I have one who can speak on the mortgage fraud issues Contact me 4 more info
Love it! Are there any other Facebook pages you recommend? 's making me thirsty for even more inspiration.
Babies. The other STD.
Gotta sleep,goodnight guys ~
Taking a nice long cold shower after beaing outside sweating in 95 degree weather all day >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
My interview with is up on our website at FM 93.7/AM 1510
That awkward moment where you spend 10 minutes thoughtfully perusing the menu when you really only walked in to use the bathroom.
great training session tonight! Stop beating up on small asian men, sir
yes he does!
MT PBS Frontline: "Are We Safer?" explores Sacrificing Civil Liberties & Privacy to Fight Terrorism
Very well said.
Thanks for the mention
I'd love to! I'm already scheming about making a return trip. How about in the fall?
I do, but only when it's right after work.
I stood outside my classroom the first day of school to greet students in the morning.
abou to get me a glass of wine sit in my studio and get it in Yes :)
This sentence that you have managed to type indicates, more than anything, the level of stupidity you possess.
I'm 20 min into Up in the Air and my first thought is: I love every actor in this movie
haha aw cute. I don't see you #rockinout with that iPod shuffle tho?
BAHAHHAHAHA that's so random lol I love her
i had to let her go cuz she wasnt workin rite
a few more people are talking about the black turf. i suppose the heat wouldnt be an issue with an on field cooling system
On the hunt for a Recruiter gig ASAP! Inbox me with any leads, thanks!
The awkward moment when someone uses the public restroo, doesn't wash their hands and walks past you like
I really wanted to go to ROFLCon...maybe once I get the book done.
UGH COMING
love you siblings. can't wait to be reunited!
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs. -Edgard Varese
Are you a small business owner in Richmond? If so, tweet us so that Solutions Mortgage can promote your services to our followers
Kansas & Baylor only teams left yet to face a single digit seed in tourney.. Both get 1 seeds as first test on Sunday
Break time peeps!
I would appreciate it.
#WhyDoIAlways develop feelings? I hate feelings..
my fave hair was the slicked-back, high pony with hair as the hair-tie. Uber-original!
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose.
Thank you, Dondre. Your poem/speech to the instructors was very touching. It made a lot of us tear up.I'm going to miss you.
Hi! unused hrs don't rollover to the next month. If you not sure you will use all plan hrs signup for www.asksunday.com/ondemand
meetings.... Studio later before work.... Who else is LOVING
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable & irresistible to all women. She turned him into a credit card.
SW ABQ may have to wait until the next round...pushing across I-25 now...
RT Only thing I'm commited to nowadays is sleep. Sleep and me till the end.
they totally forget... i've had people from high school who abused me try to add me on facebook. like, beat me up
Imagine a parallel universe. No, I'm serial.
In Georgia! Hello Georgians
message me
thanks for supporting us with Cuts 4 a Cause!
They seriously creep me out. *shivers*
83 is a good innings
jaxonnnnnnn. hey! Haven't talked to ya in a while. What's up?
apparently the thing to do is tweet!
Wow! RT : I worked for a fine jewelry store. Owner handmade creations & did jewelry repair. 90% of his biz was repairs $$
Singing Amalia in "She Loves Me" 2 Morrow nite! Excited!!!
I don't think you realize, I was dying inside.....
I love <U+2764> just thought I'd let everyone know....he's an inspiration <U+2764> & if u haven't heard of him, get ur butt on YouTube!
just show up to like after school practices and she won't bother you
#youknowyouraskellwhen you try to pay for a hooker with ur ipad
LL's opening monologue was so moving and inclusive -- almost brought me to tears.
I know wassup , and you not wassup!
Great NINES/18thConnect meeting in Dublin today; Gale, ESTC, Adam Matthew, & Literature Compass all eager to share data & collaborate.
You are now my life.
let's party ^.^
Dear Teacher, 'If the bell doesn't dismiss me, then the bell doesn't ... decide when I arrive.' Case Closed..woman.
Oh, I can live! I just wondered what happened to the Mandinka soap and have been stalking your shop to that end.
very interesting.
i don't have a problem with tebow, especially in Jacksonville. He has to have a chance to start, or backup a true starter
I just did. No microwave in our place. Making orange marmalade chocolate bars.
we only wish we ALL could have been there! Does do fun employee contests, too? I sense a head-2-head challenge..
Saw this bumper sticker : Many who wait to seek God at 11th hour die at 10:30. Hm
Today's unemployed are in career transition.
Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show featuring speakers Jim Dutton and Ellen Delap www.lhaevents.com
You are too stupid to play this game.
Hispanics then? They are not even a foot away from each other but yet yelling.
“: #Sagittarius gets irritated easily... by stupidity.” LOL YES
I hate calling you followers, you're just fucking awesome people who are nice enough to follow me :)
I actually went yesterday. Loved it! My boyfriend lives in chinatown. What concert is today?
#canibehonestwithyou an inmate in west virginia almost beat #obamaFAIL in the democratic primary. Bwaaaaaahahahaha!
I know! Lmaoo RT : RT son leave Randell alone, he is trying to do right
i love #basketball so much that i ran 45 #suicides for a total of 4.28
Thanks so much for the shout out! :) XO I actually just meant y did u change ur name, but I like Real Mr. Terrific :)
Club was to live last night. Shit didn't end till 6 in the morning !
Headed to the dentist. As weird as I am for saying that I like mouth pain, I have a feeling this might top the charts and not in a good way
Hit me on the two way
I completely agree. Denver has great sports media ppl & you're one. Den glad to have u. I heard that classless ad they ran on 1023
being offended .
i thought i told u his name waz buzzkill an wow
Have a good weekend, everyone!
What awesome #deals have you found lately? Share the savings!
If you want some amazing senior pics, book now with Shalem Photography! He's looking for senior models as well so call him! Or talk to me :)
Remember, your shine starts with your shoes!
Husband at a golf outing, both kids finally napping.. Deep breath. Relax.
thanks for the RT!
It's nature's will, and I'm against nature. I don't dig nature at all.
wish you could be there, too! i have a feeling florian will be back. hopefully, we'll get good recordings. :)
Ear infection...in BOTH EARS??? C'mon, seriously?
'---------> killing dreams & hurting the weak...one tweet at a time ...no that takes skillz!
I figured it was a trigger
Gonna be putting up the Christmas decorations & tree(:
Follow us at
ahh yea, I agree with that. I thought you meant the sniper part. The first time I did that, I jumped right in and got owned.
I have slept 8 hours in 4 days? At what point does one begin to hallucinate while under the power of insomnia?
Crazy Friday college football. Great game
ah!! Best tweet ever.
i WILL ask.
WOW,THANK YOU! we appreciate your compliment! RT : Looks really cool.
The world is depressing. I'm going to bed.
Auto correct on my phone hates me.
RT : #BioBuzz & to host a "Science of Beer" social w/ More details to come later this week...
Nice bro! I'll have to jump on that too!
And the older, and now extinct, name for the inhabitants is Dorpians, from the Dutch "Dorp" (its nickname) meaning town.
I love my mom, she made my my favorite breakfast. :D
Staff Christmas Photo shoot tonite at The Place along with Dirtywater TV 10pm
Sorry about that. our RSS feed puked which caused our twitterfeed to push out the old notification..
i'm gonna ask my aunt if she'll take me. lulz.
2 hourss!!! bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now <3 the sooner the better follow back x
ah im so stressed!! cant wait to do my #Insanity workout tn!
Drawing smiley faces on peoples' back when they're sleeping.
Only in Balto: man gets out of his car at red light to take a leak in the street.
the part about cutting off of the fins is devastating.
doesn't matter we can decide on the way lol
Flight attendant said we leave early if people hurry up/sit down & wild eyed/haired lady in Xmas sweatshirt screamed 'YEEEAHH!'
I actually had to use my iPhone to make a phone call
#FollowMeCody Pretty Please You won't regret it :D Love Ya
Can we please separate the meaning of a HO && a LADY cause these hos getting to comfortable this year...
Everyone doess. lol. 4 homework i have to collect leaves how dumb is tht??! lmao.
I WILL B WATCHIN'
yeah dang work is always getting in the way but it was fucking awesome congrats you 2!
: Not saying to dump Thibs. He's good, but not cutting it in the playoffs. Last year they had problems too. He's gotta learn.
ops I fuunked up! Officially following! I am number one fan brro!!
Wrapped on one edit gig; on to the next.
Looking to make a wellness oriented New Year’s resolution? Follow through at the new Gold’s Gym.
Why am I on twitter on my phone &' on my laptop????
Our thoughts & prayers be with the Tim's family & New Destiny Church as they mourn the loss of Dr. Pastor Zachery Tims!
thanks for the followand support Nancy hope you enjoy the rest of TC and come in to next time you are in the chi
oh my god, thai sounds amazing right now
Good Morning guys !
Ha! Rt : I can't wait for the first Presidential candidates who grew up with a Facebook account.
Being able to sleep in >>> :)
Congrats to for winning a pair of tix to see the #Brewers play the Cards on Apr. 8. We'll give another pair away next Wednesday!
I think they should've named the show "Soul Patches"
me too!
Lol wow I got my phone taken away.
Thanks for the #ff! I don't feel random, though :)
Diversity and inclusion is critical to Henry Ford Health System.
You have to believe that you're the one in a million and show up every day on mission. Dream big, dream often.
Omg painful
'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!
"Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." -James M. Barrie
I hope we at least get a delay tomorrow.
thanks for mentioning today!
then lets play! I promise I'm not that bad..
Is Maya cheerleading?
#FatTuesday is just one day away! Come to #Fridays tomorrow to try our special #SoCo Hurricane drink and pick up some celebratory #beads!
Catching up on RxR for a few weeks peeps....be good
Madonna is 53 and performs better than you. @ beyonce
so gonna videotape me drinking vodka in the guys restroom at walmart haha
Thanks! I appreciate it.
mornings are always cold
So I woke up sick bummer :(
hey John can I get a rt to help get my follower count up?
Follow for make~up tips ladies!!!!! LOOKING @ SOME OF YALL PROFILE PICS.....TRUST U COULD USE THE HELP!!!!!
My friends always ask why i tweet alot , fuck you think twitter is for -___-
So nice to hear Nick Lowe and Rafael Saddiq during my drive time this week. Thanks! Love our eclectic local radio.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
Lots of RTs to call attention to Arizona law & Tucson school district's decision to dismantle Mexican studies program
#ChrisDavis says his pipes will be rested for tomorrow night's anthem
let's keep this shit going. #carlproblems .
Reading thru the write ups of #scotus and healthcare: 3 things. Reporters are lazy, biased and whinny
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Diploma" is Greek for "folded paper." And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
not looking forward to my 8 am final tomorrow morning. i don't even know the last time i was up at that time.
“: Almost 26 percent of U.S. adults over the age of 20 are pre-diabetics, and more than 35 percent of seniors, 60 and older.”
Think they all have dairy..perhaps we can find some sorbet or fresh berries when you visit?
Selena's alright Demi's just better& people can actually really relate to her music&it actually means more<3 I love Demi!
I'll txt ya
nice shirt :). Looks good on you
This Day in the Life series is good. Watched the one on Das Racists and Mario Batalia.
i never do all the talking
That was an album by ALL.
l <U+2665> your pic
Happy birthday princess <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
main is going to be the street this summer!! downtown on fire !! S main on fire!!
Oh, for my seafood lovers... Leola's Crab Shack is on the #TallyCardz... Best garlic crabs in N. FL. 15% OFF w/ a
Would like to hear some options for school start times my large urban dist is contemplating change
hey .. looking for you.
my app is messed up too, but they at least acknowledged the bug. Hoping that their monster computer is keeping track :)
if you wanna be cool like , then follow
u should cause trust is in luv
Corporate Resource Services Enters into a $12 Million Debt Conversion Agreement
Coakley's rape mailer was truly hitting below the belt, and I mean that literally. Talk about disinformation, this takes the cake.
Looking for a Bail Bondsman Call J-Shin Now..... 786-445-2171 Dade And Broward.. Lock this number in for emergency... I'm here for you.....
“: #MadeUpFacts #MadeUpFacts Jesus Christ has 12 followers before twitter was even invented - a miracle !”/ LOL!
#icantstandpeoplethat chew their gum like cows. ¬_¬
Why do I not have a record deal yet?
thank you so much for coming out 2 c #sarahswar ! so great to relax and c you 2!! Xoxo
Very true. One time I had to call Saturday night to see if I worked Sunday because it wasn't done on Saturday morning
had two hours of fiddle practice today in Tietgen's music room. Which is luckily soundproofed.
Yep RT : Romney changes mind on same-sex adoptions. So flip-floppy, he should be named Slinky.
Contentment is the greatest treasure. ~Lao-tzu
Good Morning!!
yeah I corrected my tweet right after. I forgot about that and remembered right after I wrote it.
Virginia is hungry.
View our large selection of #diamond #jewelry in #Austin, #Texas. We're having a huge liquidation sale in order to move locations.
So you know that you works with geeks when… you see a dude leave the restroom stall with a tablet. Guess newsprint is officially dead
No one seemed to care during the lockout that the #bucks weren't playing, so why would anyone care if they leave?
Groups are being directed to begin discussion.
may 3rd doll .
Ready for
Thank u!!
You can build world class parks, museums and restaurants but without quality school options families will always flee.
Tomorrow we'll back back for more #FoodDriveFriday! Bring your extra canned goods for 10% off your bill and we'll donate them for you!
love you so much! :)
Pool time!
what neighborhood? Bottomless drinks? Or nicer with amazing food?
haha. I haven't tweeted for decades!!!
don't worry I'll come to you :p -good morning homeslice-
Awesome, thanks
When will 2012 dates be announced? Already looking at NYC for next year!
Congratulations and thanks for being a part of our program!
It's ok, to be ready to settle down... Just don't be ready to settle for less... That's where a lot of people go wrong... (smh)
Glad I stopped in at work, so I could meet the helpful researcher who was darkening faded mss ink with a ballpoint.
Well, I'd miss and my puppies.
lol. We good. A on the way.
Bissinger says that 43% of the top 100 programs lose money on
Man, it's quiet today! Is there some kinda holiday coming up or something?
oh also i'm in France with The Men and it rules!
just wrote a new song in like 10 minutes -- might be a record!
#NP Drake - Cameras
you have a certain person in mind, or that going out to everyone?
Campfire and a cigar tonight. You're all welcome to join me.
Calvin Johnson > Justin Blackmon > AJ Green
": Tina Fey actually coached "Kevin Gnapoor" on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls."
yea..about that i haven't got my AP yet..has May's AP been sent out yet?...
awesome!!! glad you like it!
April 24 is Pig in a Blanket Day. We’ll clean 1 blanket/family for FREE on 4/24 if u drop off that day & tell the CSR you saw this.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 51
last man standing is a fav of mine, they are also great live! :)
Holy Moley it's raining in Austin, TX!!
. or are excellent resources for an appropriate response ; thank you for reaching out to us.
Full moon celebrations!! Happy full moon & shabbat shalom to all! <3
Annie just smashed my fingers!!!!...:(
I gotta let you niggas know the time like Movado. My motto, stack rocks like Colorado.
The rotating perspective animation means Bethesda's subliminal messaging routine has kicked in.
"Marketing is the new finance" quoted by at #digiday - I hope not! Up next: regulation, accusations, and protestors?
Everybody follow the club
thinking about her list for today
I hate drunk mfs!!!!!!! G control yo ass!!!
Happy New Years To Hope Everthin goes great thia year for erbody!! XD
Got another volume of Bukowski poems from the library.
Austin!You're amazing!Me and friend ran around my neighbor hood yelling #WeSupportMahone!Love you!Never give up(:
No escalators or elevator at 12th and G exit of Metro Center, stairs + allergies = unable to breathe
Mix lemon juice with vinegar & some baking soda to make a good cleaning paste.
Happy Birthday, dude! Hope all is well ...
thx for sharing out our tips!
haha..Tell me about it I did that yesterday lol
Just trying to laugh. My groups slacking today!
Ive that problem too! I often find myself late bc I am doing stuff am that I could have done when I'd time
Correct grammar ppl....correct grammar
huh? What's that have to do with Caleb? O.o
no you have to adopt my adopted team!
Just downloaded that new & Mixing Up The Medicine!
break from bike tour @ msm for a rehearsal...
My hobbies include childcare, Zumba, and finding cute dogs to follow on instagram
that was nasty... i hate when u sit next to someone and their body odor is on FRILL ,,,fuckin ridiculous. wash urself my dude.
You Know Am Gonna Kill You right ?!
Yeah, I use that for my music.
Good! “: Good...": Chumbawumba - Tubthumper good or bad? #FBA I Vote good!"”
I love you so much, you made this an amazing night. you mean everything and all to me and you always will babe, i love you <3
Maybe they should make a desperate "why don't i have a boyfriend, and why am i not pretty" complaint website. Because that's all i see now.
Nap. Then Showtime. As Budlite put it so perfectly. This taste like shit.
she's evil, Dude...LOL. but I love her anyway!!
Get amazing discounts with your California VIP Card at most bars in downtown! Call today and get yours for only $20!!!! 619.226.1121
Ew that Martha chick on my TL! <<<<
Gotta look fresh for my picture
I don't know how that's embarrassing considering that he Red Sox are better than the Indians?
Thanks for the pics! Amazing that story is still being told. The jar sold in 2005!
No doubt! Lightning to the Nation!
OMG where was that at ?
Just saw the Avengers! I did not understand it sometimes... BUT... It was really, REALLY good. Funny too(: go see it!!!
RT : Work Or School Tomorrow <
don't let those fucking haters get you down my man. The real fans will stick with you forever. Love the new album. Keep rockin
Maybe, the holy spirit came to visit the other day ;)
True - but even those are not ultimately safe - if you are a politician or celeb, consider it all public.
wow D. Fisher is gone??? guess no more easy lay ups for PGs..LoL
The #rapture is just a grass roots social media movement with a bit of help from the national media who doesn't have anything to report :)
Oh Portlandia, I'll be glad to see you
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama // indeed
hey Ariel! Really enjoy your show! How's #flying?
the edited one where it looks greenish and says "Representing: 216"
A funny RT On Earth, $#*! MY DAD SAYS is canceled, but not on United Airlines in-flight TV.
Guitar lessons, Chicago? Bought a guitar off my sister. Never too late to start.
I agree, but I think many folks are lazy and rely on "new" or "best" to be their creative and solution.
that makes sense.
Love it! RT : Thank you Jeff Parke RT : What just happened !!!
Really trying to get out of the Funk im in.
we bag corn syrup all up on the trap couch
Yessir.. they are...
. Thank you for selling some of the other things (besides chocolate) that make life beautiful!
I Rememba When Roll Bounce Used To Be My Fave Movie !
Rough Roostars - "Breakout" tour starts tommorrow in Ireland..
#Thingsthatturnmeoff when male/females acts thirsty
I tried to level work early to beat the big #ChicagoStorm and I got on the 1 westbount Metra train that gets delayed!
Tonight at we will review Fever and Mud Stompin' and teach Country Girl Shake it for Me! Lessons are from 6-8pm Tonight!!!
Love having you in the green and gold. Can't wait for next year!
#ThingsGirlsSay RT Popcorn needs to be banned in offices. Someone burnt popcorn last week and the office still reeks of it!
i, daniel tosh, herby give you the rights to my stupid sh*t ive gotten in my boring mirerible life...
wasn't this guy, but he did have a sweet guitar.
hear this
We only have criteria; since wikis change often, you'll have to check the page's history.
I hate when people question me for no reason, mind your business.
Woah. Three years ago I joined Twitter.
please can Justin Bieber come to poland? I love Justin so much(:
I was just gonna tell u I thought the same. It didn't sound like u at all especially the LOL part.
It's about time Friday. Let's get weird... obviously #cheers #<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Psst! We're closing. Our founder opened #socialmedia shop & creative team is now Follow us there!
I never got into that show! It was too much for me, just from the commercials!
R u tweeting? No I have Tourette's. Do u have twitter? Lady it's a tic. TS is a neurological disorder and Im a bit self conscious.
In breaking news, Obama has come out against polio, but it's only his personal opinion
I hate changes!!!
sure you are.
I heard!! Tear gas, broken windows and all! Where are you?! Come say hi!!
can I get a picture of that?
Ohio State Choke Job
love it enough for an interview when we make it to St. Louis? You're stuff is a huge inspiration, seriously love it.
So the synopsis of Rowling's new novel sounds *very* British to me. As a Brit disguised as an American, I'm okay with this.
Personally never aims for the body.
Goones are on the move... looks like hunting season.. what fun what fun what fun we are about to have ;D
How do people not understand the affect their actions/words they have on another person?
I've had the sustained urge to start a matchbook collection lately. Does that sound weird? (Even as I ask, I realize how rhetorical it is)
I think Mark Canter's comment about Axl saying Finck was his Randy Rhoads was insightful
RT : sometimes all it takes is a smile to make someones day a lil better
Chris Steele from Regis Out Of The Cube Ideas for Extensive ILL Requests
Lack of time to do it "right". And I don't believe in doing things halfway
It's kind of scary when ur school catches fire like right in front of u.
Watching a prez about IBM's New CRM systm using Sugar. Wow!
Thank you Bob Geabhart!
Shoting in Brooklyn for
The moment when you're not going to Rock The Bells and the lineup is fucking amazing .. #TennesseeProblems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
As long as it's real bacon.....
“Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.” ~ Plato
There are two ways of being rich. One is to have all you want, the other is to be satisfied with what you have.
I know there have to be fun things happening in Boston on Memorial Day weekend. Anyone know what they are?
pick it up Saturday morning
“: Whoever ''Shawty'' is, she apparently has a lot of rapper boyfriends.”
Follow me sexy
To think you know a person.
it started when i woke up! and we have no fluorescents at home. :( it's a really weird ache over the right half of my head.
Risky Behavior - the average couple gets marriage counseling 7 years after they need it. Average length of marriage 8 years.
Working hard in the studio with our friend Brennan
Experience is the teacher of all things. Julius Caesar
Designing all day!
God rescinds pledge to Noah; begins in Australia.
hahaha, have you tweeted him? ;D
I'm going to marry
St. Kate's has peer money mentors prgm - Jinaa is leader in that.
Signed on to lead some exciting research with the USC Medical Campus on consciousness, misdirection and healing.
it's pitiful, but the issue is they still think everything is about them and not their kids.
how can I get pit passes for oct 23?
I threw a boot at & she fell of the bed, then proceeded to get hit in the face with a water bottle all in 2 minutes.
Why was a fish, cheese, and an unopened bottle of wine left on the body of a Green River victim?
Yes! Definitely time for spring cleaning!
You can make it through the morning, then come have some fun in the sun with me :)
what's happening?
Green-Ellis Gains no Yards on the Carry.
at the house.
I have no clue
but yea I'm down I'll go
Hey! We need a sleepover son!
GO Yanks!
Who will win Khali or World Strongest man ? RT if Khali Won
Oops its been a min u must be lost somewhere in Twitter land.
Happy Saturday everyone!! Have a great day!
agreed! I can't stand his woman voice!
#TwoThingsIWant house and a puppy!!!!
trying to get in touch with someone there about hosting a party there in June.
ahh I just saw thiss ! haave fun and ill be waiting :D
I learned from HAHAHAHA
IF YOU TRUST GOD LIKE I DO THEN WE GO BE GOOD AND YOU GO LOVE MY VIBE...IM YA BOY "DINGBATT" IM FROM DADE COUNTY!!! MIAMI!!!!!!
Welcome Back to Hawaii!!! I wish I will see you and here in the Islands RT
You can still register for this Sunday's Intown Ten road race in store at Phidippides, but today's the last day -- don't wait!
Thank you to Albuquerque, NM....KLYT! For adding "Breathe" by on their station.
and going, and a couple there, and it is Christmas!!! How cool is that? And a new CD almost ready to offer
The only real training for leadership is leadership.
Looking forward to my 10th year! A life-changing place experience.
I won't stop until they say Mike Valdes is the white
ok sounds good! I dont think she would have a problem with that!
it would make my life if i got a happy birthday from you today :)
you could add Halloween costume stores to the app as a temporary add!
Yeah their both Hell Gate actaully
#gotribe are there any standing too only tickets available?
dependin on the beat 1 can go from 50-100 for exclusive..
I am full af
Wish i were right now - getting some great tweets about all the #music and #food!
You're full of Sith. Get it? Sith? Hahaha
I HATE SEEING PEOPLE STRESSED OUT
The joy formidable was fucking awesome at keep it gnarly cage the elephant!
Thanks for the follow! Feel free to ask questions about our online employee scheduling software for restaurants...
If ya work hard you can do it! That's what I'm going for, broadcast journalism. And minor in journalism and computers
9/20/1941: Several thousand Jewish women & children were executed at the Kovno, Lithuania, synagogue after being held there for 3 days
I'm riding wit OKC
thanks babes I'm so trying
Rajon Rondo has been suspended for game 2 vs Hawks on Tuesday for bumping into an official.
Working on a complete overhaul of the Technigami website using responsive design, and the twitter bootstrap starter. Powered by Pinax
Not a single one.
would like to meet with you.
“: I don't give two fucks about anything nowadays.”
Thanks to the Ohio Military Reserve for joining the Walk. Big boots, big hearts.
RT - I HAVE to get my Cleveland Indians hat before the concert! Oh and my black G-SHOCK would help too cough cough
Maybe...I don't handle suspense well...
I am a Dodgers season ticket holder. Don't feel bad if it rains. They will always reschedule. As long as opening day is good.
aye but father's day can kiss my #BallCleavage though. if we being real
I apologize on behalf of all chilies and we hope you will give us another try when your taste buds have forgiven you.
I'm in chicago have fun tho-- I'll come next Saturday!
omg ikr I sound like my Grandma:-D
Don't You Love The Fairytale Movie's And Then Realize It's RealLifee And You Would Be Lucky If You Could Have That Relationship .
The Palazzo Suite from $129 a night: A lavish suite and renowned amenities from just $129 at The Palazzo Las Vega...
Off to Venice! Perfect beach day.
absolutely! We need to know how many, what time, and what name to put the reservation under.
RT : "A person and an animal is two different people.." Wise words, Waka. Wise words..
Rainy day over here..
Just what we need, another senior advisor to fix our broken city
you going to the farm saturday??? im gonna try and make it.
Not a fan of Gia anymore...another girl turned ugly due to an attitude
<<- please please follow me i <3 u so much!!! Much love- Leah<3
thank you as well!
Lol yes even )); Ur Lucky Ur Cutee Ha ha U got a phone??
#Actors - Antonia Dauphin casting ASSIA 30 Black Female Light Skinned for "Nous York." Other Film, TV & Theatre castings daily in the app!
Drunk as anything while fishing,i can't cast right ,got some1 2 type this 4 me
Artist Rodney McMillian Just dropped off his AMAZING piece 4 's #ITAOTC Auction! BETTER Get Your Bids In!!
I cannot officially comment at this time. Also: !!!!!!!!!!
much obliged broseph! May the best man
so, are you offline right now, or permanently?
ha I'm very loyal to my teams, even if they are terrible (Astros, Red Sox, Cowboys) I suffered thru the early 90s Mavs
On The Communications Blog today by : Ensuring Your Corporate Employee Newsletter is Relevant - wp.me/pZXZB-5u
like can I text it to you? Lol
Your Dreams Are Within Your Reach
Sorry. I lost my cool. People keep pushing my buttons.
Haha... Ya, it's weirdly embarrassing.
Check out Me and new video on youtube!! Its awsome!! :)
yea I'm with u there..the #playoffbeard will be back and it will be glorious! Ps,I hope Cruz don't crap da bed here
Well it was either gonna be heartbreak now or later
luckyy all we want is alli to be in our mentions.
I fell..
It's my best physical attribute.
now that I know that I can type foofle instead of google... foofle it is.
I have two Tickets to Tonight's Mustangs game and will give them out to the first person who tells me who they're playing and at what time
fat dude got alot to say today
We're scanning 1,500+ pages of Civil War documents at the in KC! After this, we'll be so close to 5,000!
yeah me too i need to come in twice for maths! O whens your prom!
My moms mothers day gift came in woohoo
An Alpha man is a thinking man.
I'm just laughing at the peeps that picked him up
I dont think she will ever realize how much I cared :( so long I tried & when I do.. "miscommunication?" Can I settle for friendzone?
Having Your own car is the BEST!.
RT : Lakefront Brewery Tour (well worth the $6)
man john carter was weak
Are you staying in Vegas for the PLO8 on Thurs?
shit dude, I blew down from 15-19 years old. I'd run through a QP a week back in the day but a honky has to grow up sometime
I just started this book this morning. Only a few pages in, but wondering at the choice of 3rd person vs. 1st.
I love hedley, amazing music!
I miss Waldo, the cute little black squirrel who followed me home :(
Ugh....Drop dead Bathtub Boy. Don't you realize how fucking stupid you look with all that make up on. STFU Pancake Face....
always try to be in the good mood
RT Got art? We have free wall space...
HBS's Admissions Director Dee Leopold says R2 admit emails go out at noon on Thursday. Phone call congrats will follow.
Inspired Musings: Exposed to pornography - who is to blame?
until your mom tells you that she hates me. Haha
What would you order if you were here right now?
Too goddamn sunny... Where's the rain?.
Glad the cargo is safe!
some one is happy today
That's what I wondered. I saw a clip of him working over a reporter in this past, but this latest one was nothing like that.
How has ur day been???
Im getting supper sleepy listening too pastor >.<
I really don't want to do this research paper. Why! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Now there you go again you say, you want your freedom, now who am I to keep you down.
as in songs i know aren't cool anymore, but i don't care!! xD
Catching up on email after a few hectic weeks
Will do
Two weeks to Father's Day. Do you know what your getting Dad?
MO state puts in a man up goal with 5mins left in game. 10-8
Thank you for vouching for my crazy!
Thanks Braden! RT When in #milwaukee for check out
RT : I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. That is all./Only a hippopatamus will do!
Can you deliver by helicopter? That would rule.
Thank you for the follow :)
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
I street
This is like teaching in the winter in Taiwan, but with less jumping up and down.
how about were perfect for each other. There.
I must be a man of my word, and go through with what I say and do.
Why can't Sheree talk right? LOL #RHOA reunion
Accidentally found Morton Downey Sr. (and Jr., listed as Sean) in #1940census -- CA ED 60-220, sheet 62-A. Y'know, in case anyone cares.
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
Congrats! I used to teach foreign language at SCPS...
See I'm On One Dj khaled
The Great Good Workplace -- Wednesday at noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
Tomorrow school then workout at the rec then practice with #pumas verga tengo mucho sueño
hi! You look so pretty in your profile picture!
Nysaa andrefsky hated bifaces more common and studied in n America than elsewhere
be selenatico is to be, good person and a person who loves animals!
RT : Instead of facing media before Quail Hollow, Tiger Woods will answer Facebook & Twitter questions from fans on website.
I am sick of efforts in public health to pathologize black women.
I don't even know what to say to that...
36 HOURS TO GO
This is most non-neutral Super Bowl I've ever been to. #giants #allin #GiantsStadiumWest #whereareallthepatsfans?
Social networks & Internet Radio helped close the communication gap since the #haiti quake. I guess they'll help there too
The Marina Tooth Fairy Rocks!!!!!! :D They are the best!!
Me: Dad, I want 2 go to a 50 cent concert. Dad: oh wow ! Here go 1 dollar , take your brother too .
We Know Why the Caged Elephant's Appendix Burst
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of fleas- other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
Hello Twitter!!
RT IKR...ITS A MINDLESS SHEEP!!!!!!!! : Auto correct is a bastard. <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
k then duckface please *click* perfect! We have a winner :D
thank you
I've lost the only thing that matters.
not mine hahahahahaha
This friday, just saw it on their Twitter!
Snagged tickets for walking tour of & as a 60th bday gift to Dad. Great event! He'll love it.
Glad zay sleep & not calling my name!!!!
It look like her ass is swollen lol
I can't believe Chris Brown hit that.
@ Side note if u use and watch E! It went HD today. You need to re-add channel 236 to see it.
hey riggs your the best superstar ever
DANCE POLL: Would you rather Shake Your Rump, Step Hotly or Pump Up Jams?
Why hello, old friend!
Absentee voting in the #recallelection starts today. This is for the may 5 election
If they had rehab for Diet Coke, you would be surprised how many would line up.
Quick, make an old year's resolution!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a girl that's in shape and is not lazy
Getting ready for a date. It'll be refreshing to spend some time w someone who is intellectually stimulating!
Peeping the new Android Hero with Matty at Victory. They covered Big Black!
Who that on the pole?? Is you that on the pole??
Y U NO COME TO TAMPA FL?
Yeah the last one you got WAS the one has! <3
love you guys continue to prove the haters that said you don't care about UK wrong... Go Big Blue!!!
RT : Hey #pdx did you know that has a new mobile app? It's cool (free!) and will even remember where you parked. :)
Dresses with pockets are perfection. <U+E319>
Aaaaannnnnnddddd I now have a twitter... who would a thought.
i will never say never, <3
Is that regardless of the user's phone?
Happy Thanksgivingtime friends. Be blessed.
I need to start getting into bed sooner.
Got the smartest and sexyest bartender working tonight yes
Never think your irreplaceable. If you will do it someone else will too...and better
Of to skool...math,science,choir and Texas history here I come!(:
were def going up bro no doubt about that. I'm trying to pick up as many shares as I can at this level. Only north from here. :)
Damn iPhone fucking up mine 2 : Why is my phone still being a little bitch?! Still cant refresh my mentions
Disappointing end to the Cards game. Think I'll go for a run.
New York Giants will play Chase Blackburn as two-down MLB - NFL News
searching for a SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST in #CLEARWATER #ACCOUNTING #HIRING $$$$ email #RESUME to
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Almost all child support cases automatically start an Attorney General monitoring and enforcement case now.
At the neurologist getting my head checked out X_X
outside, enjoying the day before it ends. <U+2665>
have to follow all these super divas, morning ladies!
love it
ayyy u at home?
They say that sex burns as many calories as running 8 miles. Who in the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds??
Glad to be on my break
My point was that by manipulating the CPI USPS can't charge why it needs
hahaha, nope:) hot will be the 110+'s. You see why my running club in summer is the 4amclub instead of the ; )
what do you mean?
Being in college and u don't go to class
RG3 for 3 first round picks? Man that's just wayy too much for a potential contender. RG3 sure has a lot on his plate this soon NFL season.
I would give up everything, I would leave it all behind, I would turn my life upside down just to be with you.
Tough loss, but so so proud of
why is the produce at #costco better than #wholefoods?
one of my fav Knicks ever love to see you return with this new squad
Being single sucks
Just saw someone who was just like me a year ago...Boy was I foolish. Thank God I'm not there anymore.
scream and chant with them, and smoothly throw in "and it's ok to be gay"
Coldplay. The scientist. On repeat.
Why does everyone assumes that if I get hit by a bus I'll die? Poor bus, I say.
Yes, a little high-priced I agree, but journals and art supplies are my healthy downfal/addiction LOL.
"He's 18 and only asks to hang out in the park" "hell yeah he stuck in the 6th grade" hahahahaha
Halloween Special: Makeup by the fabulous & Hair Syle for $75! Hurry, appointments will not last: 206.264.7901
ok *cough marlins cough* btw which section did you get? :)
Today's practice runs 11:10-1:35 at the Kroc Center as the team preps for the rematch against the on Saturday.
Luckily I have two friends that I can really spazz with :) but watch one day the whole world will be spazzing :)
Wonder what she wears to Targét, diamonds or pearls....
Hi Bill. Thanks for reaching out, but I don't have any new news to share about family data plans.
Don’t miss Delaware’s Elena Delle Donna vs. Kansas tonight (ESPN2, 9:30). I’ve seen her play live; her 39p, 11r vs. UALR were no fluke.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Wakinq Me Up Without A Valid Reason -.-
Your spirit is the only thing that transcends time and space.
Covering this charity event full of student athletes, I am absolutely the uncool kid in high school once again.
The only plus to being late to work ...... listening to on
Finally a girl that can sing
#sca2012 And now: Nancy Enneking at Getty. Recent initiative to define needs and implement program for managing born-digital.
Like my dear cuban friends would say "Tremendo chower afuera."
1500 calories down today only 2500 More to go fml...
Don't be fooled by PACs, media, etc. asking for corps to burn more fuels, use more resources, and run your lives in the sake of prosperity.
Why do ignorant people have to exist, why why why. Go disparate and start your own colony on another planet.
THANKS TO YOU CRISSY!! <3 WE #LOYALS ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU <3 YOU ROCK <3 :)
Is it normal for a person's eyeballs to hurt when they get a headache?? >.o
All part of my diabolical plan to get you to spill your guts. :) Thanks for being such a great guest!
im going on a road trip next summer lol i was gonna visit you! lol
Had a beautiful walk down to my polling place to cast my vote against Scott Walker! #47 in line. GREAT feeling!
Survey: Consulting and project management are most common services offered
HEY! you still working at that place? I have a question about a job I spied! thanks!
it also ensures that membership is the #1 source of revenue
Happy #Valentines Day everyone. Single or taken come out tonight $20 select bottles of #wine. 1 free pizza with purchase!
THANK YOU!! Ive got these- Crazy, Hopsin, W.C. Tribe, jet fire, imthedevil, nasty chant, intro, off the pill, aintnohipster,
We're all back to grinding today. That makes it a Fujiyama Monday!
If we give a little love maybe we can change the world . <3
no challenge exists that can not be won
Huge comeback by Duke. Rivers with the game winner from 25 ft.
good morning, it's a great day to be alive share the love to someone else today
Man its hot as shit on this train.
but i work! What about wendsday?
lets be honest... you'd still be walking around naked even if you had roommates
Let's go Lady Trojans bring that trophy back home where it belong!
Gearing up for build week! 10am wall raising ceremony on Monday
so bennu-jealous right now. Come play sf, and bring one of their comfy chairs with you?
Academic humor is the best kind!
Check out
merry xmas everyone
In life you cant succeed if you cant fake smile and show effort..i know im young but i've done seen way more than the average -AyoRich!.
Coffee croissant and the road! Good start to the day!
": Think for yourself & question authority" <<< he's 15 and he knows it let's go!
so was Nelson Cruz. Last 3 at bats against him he has 3 hr
Doing something good and productive today. Gonna volunteer at the Children's Home Society :)
Gotta have major plumbing work done so and I are having a "business" lunch.
No matter what you've done 4 you/humanity, if you can't look back on love and attention 2 your own family, whatve you really accomplished?
What the hell is up with this weather?
Have you tried one of our green juices? Super Healthy...and delish!
For lent, i'm giving up trying to stop drinking.
about to start reading: El alegato :) hope this will be a great book :) kk bye :)
Gotta love this time of year..
You are never too poor to give. Take a look at the poor widow in Luke 21. Give what you have and leave the rest to God.
He's never going to get past Nadal on clay
After working on a couple film projects that tried to maintain absolute secrecy it is really refreshing to see tweets
Hahahaha! Come on ! Give the kid a chance!
Wow. #LightsOutAsia's new song, "She Played With Time," just leveled me. Been a long, long time since that happened.
My Milkshake Brings All The Boys To The Yard && D**m Right It's Better Than Yours *Peter Griffin Voice * , Ctfu
If I have curves, I'm fat. If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to dressed up, I'm a hoochie. If I say what I think, I'm a bitch.
#toast the YULE LOG 2010!!!
theres a train on 267 ...just saying go around : )
In calling local distributors it's ASTOUNDING that these people have no idea what Hopslam is. A few do but most sound confused
First official day as a working woman again! About 6 hours in, my brain is still absorbing information like a sponge . . .
- Omg - considering where he was picked?!? Atrocious!
Ur welcome...Goodnight and sweet dreams
So far this weekend has been great, let's keep the networking going!
are you really?I aghhhhhh. D: OH MAN. Sorry i didnt tell you!
Happy birthday: SOON:
On a certain level, I do find a measure of comfort in that. Now I'm just trying to blank the visual of a bleached nether region :/
RT : Have you had a chance to try our #GreenBeer? You read it right GREEN BEER! Make a stop here Mo's for a great time!
AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock-and-Roll)" has a long bagpipe keyboard solo. Recalibrate accordingly.
I appreciate him doing the #3 proud! RT : He's back!! Haha welcome back to twitter buddy
The Fountain is Back ON. It's such a good day.
. Something's been brought into my office I need to deal with. I'll call before I head home.
Dear Hair, I'm sorry I burn you, cut you, and tie you up. But I'll always, always love you.
I'm awake so early the sun hasn't risen.
get ur ass on the game moe
Kinda ready to go home. Might cut today short.
Can't wait for the Breakfast with the #RedSox SVP of Marketing! I'll be there representing Herb Chambers Honda in Boston!
Trying to go 1 or 2 more times
RT Seven factors to consider when selecting optical media (CDs, DVDs) for long-term #digitalpreservation http:...
You'll have to get me before the raptors do. They are quick and ravenous creatures.
- will be in #Vegas for her sisters 21st and the pools and nightclubs works certainly be a way to celebrate.
I think today is a bowling day.
I was there yesterday. It was so sweet! LOL!
#NP Brand New Guy -A$AP
Work done. Emails answered. Short workout. Dinner cooked. Blog posted. Only thing left for today? Draft wedding ceremony. FML cc: ;)
at Intel Corp headquarters w/ friend & former colleague John Manferdelli, Intel Senior Principal Engineer. (Obnoxiously, he is )
Stuck in 8th period because of the lightning alert!(: this is the only time i like having and outdoor school.
MT ": I'm sick to death of affected, entitled, mostly white, ... //Don't sugar coat it man, tell us how you really feel :}
I see using it in a different way than others
I'm ready for lunch.
that's an easy trip....I'm down with it. Anytime.
I love my Sundays! CLC Celebration lifts my soul! LV Men's Chorus is wonderful & so much fun to work with! I have a good life! Grateful!
I am suffering from #bubbletea deficiency
When you call your parents to ask where they are and the reply is the emergency room. :// not good.
Report from the Swiss Volvo Meeting – A colorful classic PV :United ...
yeah he's so cute...<3
Why do people interrupt my sleep and text me trying to have a conversation at 10:30 on a school night. Bro don't mess with my sleep
sometimes, all i need is a tweet or dm from you to bring a smile to my face <3
Nope its very strange if you ask me! :)
Convenient the packers were at home. They don't have to go far when their season ends.
good game guys, dont let this get to you! we are still
Wrote that down in my notes :D
Hm. Interesting. Thanks for the insight!
I just watched some stoop kid videos and there so hilarious!!!! :) love yoy
It is. RT : That looks awful. Just awful.
Getting pumped for the next MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY on Thursday. We'll be debuting an EPIC new tune!!!
RT : I can't help but think if Jack Bauer was on the Titanic everyone would have survived!
Insane. Still better that a cellphone though.
Thanks for the follow!
well you asked..
#brewers do damage to Carpenter. Then can't hit bullpen.
what A fn bs call.
Just beat #Portal2 I'm going to scream.
How old you be now?
If all ur #Instagram pics r u smokin..u need somthn to do and rehab
I like everything you put on
matt where the hell were you in earth n space today?
Ashley Judd is on ABC right now kicking ass and taking numbers in Italian.
IRS: Estate of Anna Nicole Smith Owes Back Taxes - NBC Chicago
really!? dangit! i gotta dvr it next go round.
Loving 's overhauled website, and their integration with #pinterest is great value add for pinners!
#Cleveland rocks! We are ready for inductions. Everyone show your Cleveland pride this weekend.
Yes, just a few weeks ago! It was probably the strangest thing I have ever seen: amazing at times, perplexing at others.
Two amazing shows Friday! Gavin Jones CD Release @ Redamte & Late In the Playoffs/Circus Fires/Juneau @ The Loft! More !
That's helpful...thinking of self-doubt as just a natural process to be dealt with, rather than a failing to overcome.
Former WCW star Buff Bagwell was reportedly in a car accident and is now in intensive care.
Change the music to the type of mood I want the sex to be. Everything from pretty ricky to heavy metal.
Streaming NOW: Entrepreneur mentor 's LIVE #ElevateRevolution online event. Learn to grow your business w/ personal purpose....
I sent an email in for The Wanted one a few days ago! Are you still doing that one?
your birthday sunday come on
Thank You :)
Hlep me out: a pony tail actually looks like a pony's tail..how does adding a second one make them Pig tails?
Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!
Ladies, which is harder? Being home with your children or being at the office?
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone else planted a tree long ago. -Warren Buffett
wtf ah so mad I'm missing this right now
Prove That Youre The Best Racer! The fastest game ever
Listening to Tim O'Reilly gives me chills
All the dude had to do was step and take a charge when Siva drove!!!
are you seeing the Evan's?
It comes to a point where u just take it for what it's worth and let things fall where they may smh is what it is I guess....
ladies and gents how are we today?
I'm not dumb Michelle, I knew what it was. xD
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I did a lot more reading than writing.
im so excited about #mdla! You're my favorite! And it airs two days after my birthday! Its a present for me. ;)
Thanks for the RT!
Uh, sure. How's Santa Fe?
thanks for letting a SC librarian join in
No more papers to write for a long time!
already making excuses. typical tar heel
whenever u ready
Hey Kansas how about we put away this non-ranked Kstate? Huh sound like a good idea? Thanks!
Once you laugh at something, it ceases to have power over you. Sonia Choquette
Happy new years everyone
tell me about it. I started the day at the Dry Cleaners.
aww thank you!! you're awesome too!! :-)
what the fuck does it take do get a job these days
I am torn between Wyatt aka Captain America, Billy and George from Easy Rider.
I'll have the desk call to confirm. ": That bright thing making everything have shadows is the sun right?"
Just saw a spider in my room but I lost it before I could kill it.
"Maybe if you played an eight-string then this wouldn't be a problem"
Missing #smbmad this morning! Hope it was great - & !
Home Security: How Important It Is for You and Your Family? Call Alliance Security -- no obligation-- 877-760-2143
#whosgonnalose - top of the hour 9am et - picking all week-17 NFL games will tweet results
Hmm(: your pretty cute(:
ur so absolutely gorgeous!
I don't know...but I smell a win tonight!
Walked through an empty airport... Got a stamp from Canadian custom... Now I wait...
yes it is! I am still laughing that u said that to the front desk lady bhhahahah
Got a ride to work! Old lady sees me in uniform and decides to give me a ride.....
On my way to Charlottesville for www.madisonpllc.com client meetings.
RT : crash in Natick is at exit 13 (WB)-------Thanks John!
it was quite the doozie!
That's your call
Chip Kelly to NFL? Did Darron Thomas know? And is Kelly leaving because of future sanctions for Ducks? All very maniacal.
Clean Bong is good Bong
You have a wonderful program Congratulations on a great idea and a much needed experience for youth!
at least I knew how to cancel the request :P
WELCOME TO THE BLUE HELL RSL!
Star Arguments, The Empire Taps You on the Shoulder
It's a Sunday, I'm only using 0.1% of the usual 2% of my brain functions, So yea not much! :D
Haha! My real name is Jessica Garcia.
Comedy tonight at the haha comedy club starting at 8. Get your funny bone tickled. . .pervert
#FF Rob Thomas for the wisdom and humor, the poetry and the most of all, generosity.
i already used half of my data...i blame twitter.
Beautiful Saturday morning in Dallas!
They just gave me a shot In my mouth !!!!
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
Lesnar too probably. But oh please let them fire Lorenitis.
woke up this morning watched CBS Sunday Morning from 8-9:30 then took a nap till noon. No breakfast, I'm all napped up.
wearing sweat pants even though it's hot outside.
i remember whe you only had 50,000 followers! &ever since i have asked everyday for you to follow me..& i am still waiting plz
you closed your mom is ordering. Twilight new movie right now.
our k is very similar to 1st grade here. Eoy reading and writing expectations must be met to go onto 1st grade
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Beautiful Surprise is AMAZING!!
Congratulations to all of #FutureGunFilms for their amazing premieres last night! -JO
If you missed it: All followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances for tix to our #GrandOpeningCelebration in May! Pass it on.
Your life is like a painting!
Tomorrow is a busy day..,.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. - Linus Pauling
My pleasure. Have a great night.
What if this is the real Drew Butera? Wilson Ramos who?
It would be very helpful if you could provide the answer to the question that I asked. That is?
It's Homicide I'm Killin Em
At this rate, Vincent Jackson may score in Tampa before the #Bruins do.
go home and enjoy beers!
Best place to stay in Las Vegas (pricewise) is Blair House Suites!
Peace tea #win .. Polar express #gametied driving to jasper indiana
all part of Peabody's holiday season concerts all this week and next!
asap!!! I need some lemonade too!!!
You're welcome!
RT : Added to family. RT : Pirate Marketing Guy, you're one of us. ;)
lol ikr xP but thats ok lol nice to talk to yoou again! And me too, but im in school right now xP lol
Acts that proceed from your calm center are always more effective than acts that proceed from fear, guilt, or anger.” <U+2015> Alan Cohen
1 show on Thursday
Happy birthday to my best friend, sister, caregiver, and beautiful mother!
Today is an especially exciting day. Tonight is College Night and Banana Pudding Milkshakes are HERE! Deals start at 5pm.
CEO challenge: Define processes in early days. Over time, your focus must shift solely to agency growth. Can't do it all.
there are like 10,000,000 springfeilds so can you confirm which state because I'm about to have a CORONARY
#sayyestothedress with mom ((:
in due time they definitely will bruh. Promise
I blame for me being cranky today. -_-
No. But only because I didn't see it in time.
I approve, hence teacher approval is neither necessary or relevant! How's that for decisive?!?
I'm impressed w/ u following ur fans &adding a response to each request/reply. Whoever ur digital marketing adviser is must rock
Whatever you say about cons is justified, what we say about liberals is over the line. How convenient. And typical
Check out , a new blog about the bearded lifestyle!
#NoLie, My cat has been laying down watching TV for about half an hour, So I turned off the TV, and he stared at me until I put it back on.
What the hell is going on on #Scandal right now?!
We will be closed Sunday Feb 6th. Thank you for your business.
oh well ur so lucky
If I was Head Coach I would have ran the Ball until I got a first down
I know everything happens for a reason; but sometimes i wish that i knew what that reason is.
Kowba: But if there is no MY cut, we stand a good chance, have the ability to avoid insolvency
Please forgive the previous tweet - twitter mishap! Happy holidays!
Lady Ga Ga Rocks : )
so for lunch...walked around, talked to a coworker and drank some h20
The only way you will get her gt is from her and you need to try to tweet and hope she gets it she gets alot of tweets
asian girls &gt;&gt;
please let this be the night mean bully girls get fired from #celebrityapprentice. i think we've endured enough-end this national nightmare!
To shoot them for a project.
You keep tweeting about the thing I am about to tweet about. You're speaking my truth.
Well my bracket was good...
because sexism itself includes none of those things, of course... *sigh*
Billy Hunter is holding out for your 47/53 shoes.
I realize its useless to contest parking tickets because they don't respond until AFTER the due date...
What do they handcuff them to now? RT RT : You don't see many briefcases handcuffed to people's wrists these days.
Michael Jackson Is Beautiful
I fucked up my toe somehow.
oh, so you wanna argue? bring it! i got my caps lock ON!
I hate this place with a passion..
not a lot of peeps quote
I love my mother <3 she's amazing no matter what arguments we've gotten into. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Welcome to Twitter!
#Eagles playing with no heart. Where is your dignity?!
DEALING WITH THE DEATH OF MY FATHER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT SMH RIP DAD LOVE YOU
Could this mean lots of job opportunities soon at the highest executive levels at Wal-Mart?
hawkish altruism (HA) side project update: I was right RE tragedy of HA vis-a-vis average payoffs and within-group conflict! Publishable!
Congrats to #WabashCollege Class of 2012!
whad up new franz :)
We are looking to bring more designers on board to work with our customers and clients. Please contact us if interested.
I got the app last week...will check it out
#GoodMorning So focused that nothing else fits in the picture. Stay positive.
thank you so much! Followed :)
That or hammering on 401k-ness of the thing. People are anti pension but don't love 401ks neither.
when people think there famous coz they auditioned for bgt.
Collins girl friend is so ugly and fat
Counting to ten.
this is what Rush is talking about ... Number one threat to our freedom is over educated single women
Im constantly hearing creepy noises in my house that a very disconcerting.
Lol its true though
Bernie's comments sound very familiar for this stage of the game. He's got the pressure down pat ...
woow i just realized i havnt tweeted in forever
i have on full rajasthani makeup right now and nothing to do other than microwave food.
That is a little tempting.
Thank you for the tarot gates. I'm a citizen of Tarot Town and really enjoying the journey. :)
follow us now and getv 10 bids for free
If Potato is going to become a veg then I want rice classified as a veg to... skinny white peas!
Maybe not a year..but it's been a long time..too long! haha
How many tears do i have to cry to officially have no more tears?
watching Thor and gettin hyped for the week #MarkLogic World, Assemble!
its spelled instagram*..... embarrassing
Thanks also to , , Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp. Hope you all had as much fun as we did!
Looks awesome Mario enjoy! Typical wet & cold here
Lifetime Earnings of Artists www.chronicle.com
it expanded the vocabulary of painting but lost the properties that only painting as a media can achieve.
night night y'all
Jim carey has a point, a woman knows when her man is not on the up&up and a lot of woman stay or have a blind eye for less
agreed again. They match up best with us, but I can't see the Packers losing this one. I expect the crowd to play a MAJOR factor.
You will be able to walk...how well is up to you :)
And the Giants were the better team!
my 2nd block teach said we can do a paper on whatever i want so gess what... i get to spend all of class googleing one direction teehee
m bells! I shall be sneaking some of that back from michigan for the #cioppino sprint!
It’s Monday #Trivia Time again: What establishment operated upstairs from “Cheers?” Remember, #trivia starts at 6pm.
I am all for anything that creates transparency in museums
Couldn't agree more :)
I Love When Friends Fight, Or Friend Haha!
Crawling in a hole until this game is over.
Hey Development Team! I'm learning all about how NOT to pick a donor database! Much love from San Francisco!
I've got this gut feeling that someday I'll be a fugitive. If I ever get to Mexico, I've got to remember NOT to drink the water.
"Chris grasps her arms and looks into her face. He is overcome by a wave of fierce tenderness."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Now that it's 2012, the resolutions are out and about, what's yours?
wow pretty!!!
looking forward to it (and coffee even sooner!) cc/
oh my goodness that is hilarious
That sounds so bomb. Pork belly? RT : Monday's or Friday's...
#uknourincaliwhen the guy next to you orders one bud after the another for breakfast #LOL!! #yolo hey, it's wednesday mornin, #makeitcount!
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Morning! "Our greatest challenge -- our greatest opportunity -- is found in these words: 'Choose ye this day...'" ~William Arthur Ward
For you Raburn haters... who do you KEEP: Raburn or Elmon?
As Chp. 2 draws to a close, I'm wondering where the inspirational & transformative leaders are in education today?
I might as well just get a sex change and turn myself in to Emily.
Blame Larry Ellison.
Merry Christmas!
good morning lil bit ! have a good day & i love you <3
Thank you so much, as always! :)
Our specially priced preview tickets for #CHILDREN are selling fast! Previews until Oct 26. Book now: www.tactnyc.org/resources/children.php
Vittoria In the North End.
So #jermainejones was disqualified. I wonder how idol is gunna tell us that though. Lol
you like me too much:p
LOVE mai people
My cousins are funny lol
The fact that it doesn't matter if you see me or not .... </3
Just tried new white strips from CVS...love them! No goop I hate goop!
The oast 2 years I have learned so many lessons.. still seeking those lessons, learning and growing each day...
JUST CONFIRMED: Guest DJ for our 11/11 event at El Rey - Taryn Manning and the White Kidz!!!!! BE THERE!!!
Phil Jackson woulds never drawn up a play like that
Unfollow this page its hackd follow that
It was nice to see #Kroger getting a jumpstart on the holiday with their large display of Cadbury Creme Eggs and Mini Eggs. Happy Easter!
We are cool kids watchin veggie tales :)
Gotta keep things moving, Frank!
...you are supremely, and extremely awesome babe.
thanks for following me.it realy means a lot to me
Haha thanks Judith. That was very kind of you
To people who think I care what others think, NEWSFLASH: I don't. I do what I like and say what I like. If you don't like it, then word.
I'm guessing not a lot of public sector employees were polled.
The Rendezvous is nuts with the late starting... I feel the same way.
Been a long and productive day! Well Goodnight :)
true, that helps.
#np rappers delight on the way to sushi with
Just drank 420 calories worth of beer in a 10 minute segment for #Run4Purpose. Let's just say I am 420c lighter now... hope it was wroth it
into weeping again, and Orpah kissed her mother-in-law farewell. But Ruth clung to her. 15So she said, “See, your sister-in-law #Torah 16/
Food for Thought Thursday! Yams and sweet potatoes are not the same thing! Can you tell us what the differences are?
longest, slowest day ever...
WHATS GOOD FRIEND ...... damn rite i got it ....
it is necessary to design carefully controlled experiments to control for all factors other than advertising.
Do you have a scoop on Bucks/Knicks tickets? RT : I'm 25 years old and a guy named Jeremy is taking the NBA by storm.
Boys Are SO Confusing!
text me!!
so nice to meet you too! we must make it an event again sometime soon!
oh I know I have been a fan for a long time. Funny you say that I was on Clay kick last week!
Bobby V. calls to the bullpen when 'Brass Monkey' cues. The O's will win this...
would you guys ever do a cover with a fan?
Yes please!
ah thanks!
you can do it!!
But she said all that in Vietnamese lol.
After being sick on my bday, my guy & sis surprised me w/ a belated bday dinner last night w/ good friends!
Its 3:30 here in Chicago. Wheres the video? o;
Seriously. Dont make a promise to someone if you cant keep it.
#WhenAustin performs on a stage with fans screaming and cheering for him<U+2764>
fort wayne dryvit contractors
Ah.!! I Think Im Sick.
haha I've already been in. You running this weekend?
More strength than has ever been tested. And more to give than you have ever been given.
12 days until #warpedtour. Hopefully I'm not still sick then.. :/
thank you so much!!!!! glad you enjoy it!
Not gonna lie, I've had a few tonight officer.
Good morning ! ( :
Alright, I will just so you can. :) whos the sophomore coach?
we found love- rihanna
I miss chatting with alex!!!
TweetDeck.... you are dead to me. Hello Seesmic.
love you too, and thanks<3 I really hope so.
Sure. Hope, you applied for the open positions on our website. Sending you love and good luck ~ Trojan Family.
Thanks! I'ma get 'em good.
thanks Tony!
I had food poisoning yesterday I feel your pain. Feel better!
$230 back from selling my textbooks. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
First class upgrade =
Great morning celebrating #earlyed at with Barbara Bowman and Nobel Prize Winning Economist James Heckman. Very impressive!
On my first post, it asks what I'm doing...uh, signing up for a twiter account?
thank u! They have me wrapped around their little paws :)
Flattery will go far tonight.} {If I told you someone in this room is gay who do you think it would be?
excellent tweet up today with
Congrats. What does she do? Http://diamondstisilver.com
RT : #vikings chants "Save our team, build it now" already echo in House chamber, stadium debate likely hours away, watch it...
ill be back on tiny chat in 10 minutes thou =)
Spellings tells that #AngryBirds is so 10 min ago. Agreed - I hate birds.
Just asking. I'm highly inquisitive. :))))
I find it funny how thinks ppl will believe he shaved his head..
Tolls are a sneaky way of collecting a user tax. Do you have a say with regard to this tax? No you don't. This is TOLLATION.
East Bown N Down Season número <U+270C>on HBO on demand Diggin those corn rose
Heading to the Everglades with 50 folks from #cof2012 Family Philanthropy conference.
at the Gillette Style Lounge #gilletteSL. if you are in atl for show stop by the Glen hotel.
I accept the terms and conditions without reading them.
Working on essay about stupidity. An earnest, heartfelt, unironic defense of that wonderful human trait, especially as employed by artists.
What I get for making a point of watching most nights, besides up-to-the-minute knowledge, is a mild crush on
you are forgiven.
"That smile could end wars and cure cancer."
O YEAH!! WHATS PLAN B? LOL
Chef Thomas and Mario C from otom restaurant are mixin great drinks at Pops for Champagne right now.
I don't care big you are hoss I'll still knock yur ass out
Q1 I would love some inspiration for displays in medical libraries! Hard to gauge the right attitude.
I go through alot with my disabilty but and another person keeps going
my prediction..he will never lose another match
RT : Thanks for the follow, all. I'll look forward to reading your tweets
Southside Irish parade is back. Let's behave ourselves people..z we don't want it to go away again!
I've been in front of the tv for maybe 20 mins and have seen the IHOP commercial promoting their Lorax menu three times.....
hey guys i'll be at the grove tomorrow come say hi if you find me. :)
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Eli's Cheesecake Chicago - Dessert (live updates)
You watched it dear? Fantastic! I mean, I knew you were awesome from your appearanes on Rick Emerson show but this..even better :D
looking forward to it!
Congrats and good luck! RT : One ISSMA gold down, one to go...
Congrats to our local #GABF winners! 5Lizard, Haymarket, Emmetts, 3FL, Flossmoor, Goose Island, & Piece! It's good to be a chicago beergeek!
Haven't been on all day what's up!?
Yes (Ray Voice)
There's a dream that strings the road a broken glass for us to hold And I cut so far before I had to say
I want love to walk right up and bite me. Grab a hold of me and fight me. Leave me dying on the ground.
Why are you discussing Aquarius???
I've had some older Black folks tell me that if Martin had just identified himself to Zimmerman, he'd be alive today.
It's the perfect day for a double header.
Dating Tip 8: At dry events (like your cousin's wedding?), remember to check his ID first.
And I hope you like your pictures facing down, as even broken hearts may have their doubts.
Final Destination 5 and 'Laugh at my Pain' O!! I'm in there!!! Midnight premier
“: Halfway to the bar, my flip-flop broke. But I soldiered on.” #priorities ;-)
he said to me "hey cheap girl!" #compliment?
"nobody ever pays me in gum!!!"
I think I missed some things.... ok.. so ... Are Sam and Mercedes together or not? lol Dang it...
unintentional all nighter...success?
Don’t miss out on the Inaugural Swamp Dash & Bash in Gainesville,fl Saturday, November 12, 2011. www.swampdash.com
I'll be there for about 5 days. Then back to LA.
am I doin this right or am I twittin wrong?
Serendipity for dinner. Can't wait for this frozen hot chocolate!!!
:) Thanks rat!
The cost per inmate in Michigan went down between 2001 and 2005.
burned 267 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
did I miss you all?! On way back to town from event...
excited for today,got the whole crew working on this one for over a year! Rod designed&made a custom backdrop+photo & film
Get 15% off this weekend only with promo code: midnov15 (good through 11/22/2009)
I love a challenge
I'M SO EXCITED I'M GOING TO PICK UP MY NEW SUB 1500 W OF PURE BASS!!!
It felt awkward every time we were together .. Thatz why im not giving a fuck right now Bettch
Glad the weekend is here... Coffee in hand....and short week next week!
Pretty upset I'm missing the JEFF show with the Fox Fun boys.
I HOPE U FEEL BETTER
hm. I'll have to think on that. Had that thought in White Material for a second. Haven't seen Friday Nights. 35 Shots is a fav.
When a person talks about you, it's not what they say..it's what you believe...
Thank Edwin 4 the #ff! have a good weekend
Gordon what were facial reactions of atty's and nic?
Shouldn't have ate all that food.
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Naw I can do it.. its not that difficult Brad
thanks, try to contribute a bit if you can ...any help is welcome if you have time
drove my truck for the first time today :) blasted country haha
thanks for sharing your story with us today.
idk what to say... I'll try make my next one more bad ass
Watch out San Miguel tonight I'm wit &
ahaha... mine & 's convo. shush loser. never. never say never. who? when? later. why? bc it's ? DUH.
I was on the set of IFC's Portlandia last night. This is going to be an incredibly funny look at Portland. Can't wait for the show in 2011.
Bang bang! On the door baby!
At slumdog. pre movie crap is brutal. yuck
Oh yea?
beer and beans diet?
At least he's consistent.
It's a Wiz Khalifa song. I can't remember the name of it though.
nice u get n e hits
Closing in on 2 AM CDT. Wondering if theREA auction will be over by breakfast. Still about 60-70 bids coming in every 10 minutes or so.
Rehearsing today for EEF at Warner Theater - Tix are $20.
Johnny is, without a doubt, an adorable little dude.
Portland Cello Project and Emily Wells at Cedar Cultural Center ...
I had the biggest crush on Allen Iverson when I was little LOL
Be good or be good at it...
Delta online check-in is a joke. Step1: Click on a custom link from email Step2: Enter information that should be pre-populated.
nice! Are you doing #mybootcamp with Grant or the other trainers?
omg yes RT : Every time I try to find new primary care doctors, I get so frustrated that I just give up.
Dream was beyond crazy. Even I was bothered
depends if you want your bike to actually shift.
hahah. was that message about summer finally here pre-programmed?
I don't guess I get to stay in bed all day.
what me and u both come into work like "what" *hands in the air*
i'll have to look at some photos & figure out who it was.
I am not a girl that can ever be defined .
Time to start taking a fresh look at the real issues facing Americans today.
there is a great interview of him in Netflix. Sendak is even more interesting in the in-person interview!
... not to mention the asymmetric read vs write performance
#First20SongsOnShuffle 19) Black Hearts On Fire - Jet.
Shopping today in a t-shirt that reads..."Moderation Is Overrated." But on this day, I wish it wasn't. Ugh.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing if you get on the Food Network!
its fun! but she pushed my of my bored today! NOT NICE!!!! lol ;)
they just asked what time he got out.
Robin Roberts has almost managed to not look like a lesbian and J-Lo has almost managed to not look like a whore. Go Girls!
Yay! Thanks, Amy! And thanks for all of your help! It was so so much fun!
Happy Mother's Day! Hope all you Moms out there had a wonderful day! No one can ever really thank you enough for all you do!
Stupid Megabus with their constantly changing baggage policies.
I don't know I just shot a -15 at the Masters on Tiger Woods '13 with a dip in the size of a snickers bar
I'll just take your phone tomorrow and do it :)
My windows are open I'm gonna die in my sleep bc someones gonna jump in my room
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize That I'll be better then all the other guys
Why, thank you, sir! You're a Sam's Club size box of badassery yourself! RT : You fucking rock!
Good morning sir. Always a pleasure to see you.
Watching 2011 American Music Awards
Air, "Air Raid," on the WHYNOT label. A new fav from Air. Threadgill's tone has muscle and the guys sound great together
yeah, liked them since they started. Something wrong with long-term success in your eyes?
My new computer has a new computer smell. I must spill coffee on it immediately to make it my own.
Well why thanks! c:
It bothers me when a 4th grade boy knows the meaning of gay but can't do 6X4
That's SO funny b/c when I heard we were bringing back the yellow cheddar, I thought of you! Congrats.
Gamel robbed of a hit.
Hi, have you heard of #Movember?
I remember when we use to have a good team smh
thanks for follow orange county will get Blasted soon enough
Missing all my pals at gdc! Gotta finish this game though!
you got meh goin crazy, wanna be your baby xD
No!! Mike just died!!!
Check out : Mixin' beats tonight at downtown. If you're hoppin' around there tonight, come say hi!
I'm thankful and grateful!
Hey guys: lots of intelligent liberal people live in the South by choice, and you're not helping any of us. Asshats.
Of Course I do.Haters are people who are sad about them selves.Serena tell those haters off luv!Lol:]
In Coach McCarthy we trust.
"Captain Illfated, congratulations on your first command: the Toobigtofail."
Why have I encountered the word "subtend" more frequently in the past three weeks than I have in the preceding 34 years of my life?
Definitely the right side! It's going to be an awesome day.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 4: “Divide your 5 minutes in three parts. Present problem, a payoff and your point of view.”
Yes, count me in (1st time ever that I've planned on a drink six weeks in advance)
Get your #uglysweaters, obligatory presents, and obnoxious family letters ready #Christmas is fast approaching!
Prb bout to go to the store
i miss you to! I came home early today cause i felt like crap. :(
ditto that! rocked! , , good company.
Hey do me a favor and please go follow and will follow back please and thank you :))
U need to follow he says some crazy shit and posts some great pictures from the road. *wink wink*
Going to see tonight!! Welcome to Milwaukee. Home of Calypso Lemonades!!!
Watching season 8 of dragon ball z oh yeah aren't I cool c:
I love the show sons of guns
Ladies to win your championshiP in your relationship make sure you are doing the following the following
Penn State and Oakland underway...
No matter how down you feel, nothing makes you instantly feel better like a little Earth, Wind, and Fire!
Someone else's personal life are interested in those ... who do not have their ...
hey michael, appreciate you passing this along to your followers!
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
come check us out and grab some FREE Avion tequila when we play at SAKS FIFTH AVENUE today at 4pm. Yes...SAKS. we'll be on the 7th floor.
GOTTA LOVE CHAMPAGNE AND PURPLE RAIN ON A FRIDAY!
Thanks for the mentions and new follows:
Always like to support local businesses
ya u cnt take it tho becuase you have to be in biomed first.
o Ats sweet yea we use to go there.ill b bout 4 hours down south from there Haha
Oh, I have a friend who's had to do that a couple times
#NFLDraft AND we gave up 3 of the "stockpiled" picks! Are you kidding me? With Clausen and McCoy still on the board? We couldn't wait?
Thank you for a awesome show! #ExtremeRules #WWE :-) Plus a BIG Thank you to the wrestlers!! :-)
I for one would love to see them. Tweet me a peek. :)
their testing it, we found out you can also use it for a grip when dead lifting and going really heavy with shoulder shruges
RT : I went w/o seeing my baby's ma'am for st.pattys day I refused to go w/o seeing her for cinco de drinko-YAY :)
How we doing, Lions?
likes rubbing strangers' feet. cause he's just weird like that.
Gain followers
i need some more pack fan followers
Yo, it's cold like Hoth in The Empire Strikes Back. I used to work on the Lake--in the Boathouse for Parks & Rec.
Was just warned by a employee that the new strawberry basil flavor "is terrible".
Man U gets another soft call to go their way.
Got too greedy and burnt the ole tongue on number two official taste test of Coming soon to
The dog was the worst chapter. Should have warned you! But I love any book that can rock me to the core - good or bad!
Doubting Clippers
run Tyler for you life :O
There's never a dull moment in downtown Denver.
The awkward moment when the guy on the video ur watching says fuck, your mom hears, and then she says shame on you but you cant help but ...
boss!!! you better tell them all about kleezybeatz next time
it was a pleasure. good luck
hahahah never ever ever :)
2012 Toyota Highlander. Black. :-)
23 Straight at home! Go #RedWings!
all work, promise! RT Next time you throw a party on the beach, can I get the save the date so I know when and where to show up?
Breakfast club! I love it.
I never thought I would hear callers dogging you out for not being a homer!!! You have been hanging out w/ Matt Jones too much.
I need to stop giving strangers my #..... How can a person call somebody sexy if u never even seen the persons face
RT if you have a job
Thank you! That is a pretty side of Scotland.
Hey thanks for sharing!
RT if you had a blessed & happy EASTER Sunday
That is not your favorite flower!
Holy shit Taylor Lautner's doing push-ups O_O
Rafael Nadal got engaged on the #bachelor ! - Oh wait. . .
watching lightning on my porch
I got that one too! DEFENDING JACOB.
Good W for your Reds, over my Braves, last night. I was hoping Dusty would blow it in the 8th-9th..lol.
Never watch morning tv news, but watching while car is serviced - it's all crap, all of it
is that awesome car yours :o ?
there is no guarantee that this life is easy...but it sure is worth to try it
How come nobody told me it was national rude & stupid day today?!
You just locked out excersise like the NFL did the players.
have a great weekend ! Let us know if we could be of service to your building once a month!
I know, I know...but I did upload two vids tonight :3
he probably is, but i can never pass up the opportunity to give him shit.
Never tried Parallels or Bootcamp. Others have and they claim #Storyline works just fine. I like VM for swapping files...
Chicken... Rice... Coconut Milk, Onions and some curryness.... Experimenting time!
Yea most of the time I am.
So glad youre back in the studio! Cant wait to hear the new stuff!
The Zone is one long ass song .
Addicts/alcoholics compare themselves to others and say "I am not as bad as them" I cannot be an addict/alcoholic
Reggaeton on blast / can't tell if it's inside my siesta / or outside
As if they all have a common ideology that would enable such unity.
PRT : "updating a website just five times a month will increase website traffic by 300 percent!" cc:
Thought of the day...... Positive anything is better than negative nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
Thanks Jill for being a constant voice in support of the Uni here on Twitter. Onward!
Loving all the re-runs of Soul Train today. Oh how we once were...
Cant wait for the #bulls game tonight!!!!!!
I'll be there, but not sure D Weezy will be
is TSD gonna have a link for the announcement stream?
Wtf just happened
#caa2012 Feminist theory has a lot to tell DH about using the master's tools
Andrea and mini corndogs.
********BUY GUNS ONLINE HERE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
And This Is Me Y'All, I M.C. Y'All My Name Is M.C.A. And I still do what I please Ya'll
I hate being stuck in the middle of shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
Skinny girls are ok,, but thick is better
Join us at the Western Branch for Storytime every Monday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4639 for more information.
i really hope your not looking in the mirror
Great! As am I. How 'bout Church Key? I think you rec'd it to me a while back, and I love their beer selection.
Emma Watson wears a pink tracksuit and UGG boots for new movie The Bling Ring - Daily Mail
FOR YOUR DAILY SMOG CHECK DISCOUNT VISIT OUR WEBSITE @ WWW.MORENOVALLEYTESTONLY.COM
Good point , I mean Alley should start pushing out that big baby boy any minute!
WISH THE DUTCH MAFIA MEANT U LIKED HARDSTYLE INSTEAD OF BLUE NIPPLE XTIAN COFFEE
Looking for a USED "portable" scooter?
New music from the Retro Boiz dropping tonight after the NBA Playoffs!!!!
Very, very, very true!
My new digital recorder came in the mail today. I feel like a prof. anthropologist now. Who wants to be interviewed? Focus grouped? Anyone?
They aren't going to jack each other up, they're going to jog and just have fun, not worry about min/maxxing every inch on the field.
At rehearsal. New show in May. Keep your ojos open!!!
IT FEELS GOOD OUTSIDE!!! Even thou its raining
I ate so much chick ful a. <|3
Studies have shown that the breath plays a powerful role in helping to control difficult emotions
damn, thanks anyways!
Odysseys of the mundane
Ok. I'm in Oxnard a lot and I haven't tried this place yet. Sounds like I'll have to now. :)
#OscarTweet is a class act.
Happy Easter! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
what school do you teach at? And yes they are!
Nothing like trying to follow the brilliant conversation of people like Andy Borowitz and Calvin Trillin two hours post-migraine.
enjoyed my first lobster roll of the summer at Harvest in Cambridge this afternoon. It was GOOD
Happy Birthday, hope everything is well for you. Have a great day today. :)
My go to word is *fuck*.
Scaping the old and peeling, rusty paint off of the back porch railing & re-painting. :-)
Music makes me feel pretty good. <U+2665>
Check us out at www.everetthomesnw.com
thanks glad that you cashed, I am working on the plays for Saturday now and not drinking no sub for hard work.
#isastc when we are not high powered in terms of energy and emotion we do not perform at our best.
Happy St Patricks Day!!! Will you be at the parade? watching it on tv? or celebrating in a bar?
Lmfao no no remember i sent you one of me smiling
Alexander McQueen at was so, so great. Beautiful exhibition design and installation, and spectacular clothes!
thanks for noticing! and yes every time my wife calls it does ring "man in the box"
That'd be quite the reading session, eh?
I miss my buddy... the coolest guy I know Mr. John Houlihan
What up Bro ??? Tat place next week ?
Thanks for taking the time to stop and chat the Panera on Centre Ave didn't know what hit them-
Gallery 924 is open late tonight! Stop by to see Seeking Shelters.
galaxy gold looks a bit more like regular orange :) couldnt help but snap a photo tho, was looking great
yeah this is the 8 time I've broken my nose. suprised it still looks how it does. and not like Owen Wilson yet
Just got back from soccer game after i left for it at 11 am. Unfortunately missed the packers picks and to see badgers go.
Congratulations to the #KentuckyWildcats. I am sure is cheering the loudest.
Ben & Jerry`s should be sold as medicine for painful break-ups.
Ima try to take the bus in the morning I usually sleep at 12:15
Having a heart 2 heart with a man they call Charles. He is giving me insight into my life. :D The tables have turned.
Open houses are back. Spring is in the air.
A great pun is its own re-word.
Hope you're doing much better today.
What will be the next gamechanging mandate that comes from the Obama Administration?
Adult heartworms can grow 10-12 inches in length.
#713Salute #ABN Doing Some Real Shit For The People Of Houston! Nothing But RESPECT!
Finally made liver for my honey yesterday. They turned out yummy. Wish I had brought some home with me now. Also made banana bread & pie.
Pretty Little Liars<333
how is amen corner playing this weekend? as always its lookin pretty special.
ok, cool. Let me know what you think of the stories!
The #royals I've known and loved all my life.
section 212, row m, seat 5. Keep the rain away!
Just tell me your name I don't need your number or a date next saturday Baby let's act like fools break a few rules Party the night away
Time for the Mixologist panel at #cheersbevconf!! Should be fun fielding industry questions on the fly!!
It's amazing how unprepared citified is for 35k fans. As if the didn't know people would be here today
LT up next
Nickname I Guess
I almost feel bad taking up space when there is a waiting list for Almost.
I can't figure it out. When did people stop dancing at concerts? I mean, not even a head bob??
My second language is mumbling lol
Why did I just do that...ugh.
it's cool & refreshing to see that you and Steve are still very grounded people. Now... I have this credit card...
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: Try to please everybody. ~Herbert B. Swope
needs ideas for what to do with a surfeit of cucumbers. I've harvested 10 in 2 days. I marinate in Ital. Dressing. And take some to work.
and even in my failings You get the glory. Praise be to my King.
if you want to see some relaxed, fun networking, stop by at 1145am today for $15 for lunch & referral partners
Off to bed, school in the morning with the <U+2665>, then practice. Comment the pics please(:
Your profile pictures are the best.
But did u like the book tho? RT “: Finally watching the hunger games. Great movie!”
Know what you want to do before you buy the organizing tools. Remember, the right tool for the right job.
rip kindle. sorry I mysteriously broke you. kindle fairy feel free to slip a new one under my pillow tonight..
Are you on the beach? I'm almost at 2,400 followers...Yeah!!!
I've always loved good graffiti and street art. But looking at photos from the past, the world just looked better without it.
Wow..MCA died. Like...WOW.
yay!! :) now i wont be bored. you know i actually did my work in there today? a fucking miracle lol
I just took 3 consecutive naps....oops
Oh yes. Picked it up from impound, paid $150, got my car, only to find a nice red and white envelope on the window.
- Nice home products!
Codyy Simpson is Sike April Fools ,
hey everyone! i havent been on here in awhile! haha go follow my personal twitter! please!
Are you surprised the Texans didn't require more than a 4th rounder to deal him?
we do not seek worldly excess in the face of poverty & disaster, enough is enough of anything, waste is a huge by-product of vanity & denial
NoAm Ad Summit Day
I really want to write a "pro-tip" tweet before pro-tip jumps the shark.
stay strong and keep doing what you guys do best. I love you and WIM so truly. (:
18 years! 18 years, and on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his
Proud to be a part of #AFWF12 amazing talent this weekend! Swank digs too!
I'm KILT after today.
Good morning
dope show, #VirtualPac a bit creepy...#Dre a bit awkward.
If you suck at arcade games and keep putting in tokens til you lose them all and win nothing, that means you should'nt go to a casino.
To major losses this week Adam & Junior from two different parts of our culture that made ground breaking impacts! I am a fan 4ever RIP :(
more importantly, the pictures you sent me. I love you baby.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
yes you are! You're welcome :)
Happy Belated Birthday to and Congratulations on making another fine film. See The Jesse Owens Story tonight !
sweet home will play anymore Oregon shows?
Watch our good FL friends kick some OH ass tonight in the first night of 1130pm
probably not but their chicken carbonara is on point tho
Dang, Bieber, you've been busy today.
tanks for the shout out. Happy to see that I am still your only follower
me too! i feel a little lost without so much to do! what are you doing for spring break?
Will no longer,by choice, be the catering coordinator but will still be serving:) you can still order delivery though!
"You wipe, you check!" - Jim Jefferies
I hate Niggaz wit tongue rings such a turn off that dnt makes u a freak it makes u a faggot in my eyes #justmythoughts<=homo thugs
pray for my Tank kitty hes very sick i hope he gets better hes like a child to me.
What if that happened AND we won the Powerball? What a great weekend.
Howdy boys and girls! Hows everyone.doing tonight?! ;)
this time law & order is getting on my nerves
Somebody get online w rockband and play w me I'm So bored !!!! <U+E32B><U+E32D><U+E328>
Yeah it didn't suck it just wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
man my night aint over wats good twitter hmu
Thank you! Our Sunday morning routine is centered around CTG... and TPWD. Makes us inspired to go outside!
when you're drunk at school and your drunk friends pull on your plugs
Bouncing at the Black Rose tonight, then hopping on a plane for Dallas tomorrow. Prayers to be successful at the job fair would be wonderful
grind doesn't stop
You are more likely to be attacked by a cow, than a shark. Come see us wed night 10:30 free show! Glitter and prizes...ish.
really dude. That shit that he did was dirty af.
CHEERS#KAFECASTRO style 2 A+ Tweeps: If it's not over the top, it's not KC!
on the van -_- the one I drop the kids off on!
Who's ready for Thanksgiving??? It's my FAV!!!
Mexican Claudia: I'll b Superman and u'll b Robin or the other way around. Me:do they have Halloween in Mexico? MC: that's a silly question
Watch out for tumblr posts because there will be pictures of designs and products that we have available.
Idk why I go out of my way for you.
alright bro whenever
UPDATE 3-Berkshire profits double as insurance losses fall
just wondering, and JEALZ. do you have her new book yet?
Im so hungry.
COME ON GUYS!!! ITS TIME FOR BASKETBALL!!!
What kind of St. Patrick's Day Traditions do you have? We will all try to remember to wear green here at the office...
Thanks to everyone who came to our event last week! So good to see volunteers and meet potentials
Crazy although unfortunately not Surprising about Amy Winehouse's death. Sad to hear about either way.
I'm just making sure you're still on twittwer
yo goodz say verb look like you now... Lol...
thanks buddy -you're okay too!
Never done that yet. The wines there are great tho. Weeks been great, busy busy but loving the sun! Have u been to chelan?
My arms & legs feel so weak 4 some reason -.-
": Hmm, was that the cute boys I just saw on #ABDC? Hi, and !"
It is clearly evident than some people NEVER change!
Obama as done by PFTompkins supports Radiohead's trippy music!
First day of shooting #ONTHAGRIND ... would probably say "LETS GET IT IN!!!!!!!!!!"
Yes - great connecting! I would definitely like to follow up with a demo - in our 30 day leadup, free time is scarce...
Tanning and pizza retrieval! Going to be a good night :)
Happy Easter.
Apparently i got the hook up!!!
I'm holding back from nonstop tweets when I'm on for #KUOWPledge. So just once: Thanks! This is how we DO it! 866-NPR-KUOW.
Wine + ice cream + Footloose = excellent girls' night. Toss in a bonfire and that's a recipe for a happy Amanda.
OOOOOOHHHH GOO ALLISON
So Cold
Very excited to announce the Song Writing Contest winner!!!!
I know exactly how you feel!
i'm a paid ass stoner which means i can buy all the motherfucking munchies i want fool
Pasta sounds so good right now!
If only Rondo could shoot
Can't believe how rad last night was! Thanks ! Using you guys every trip to Vegas! Felt like a King on a squires pension!
rolled up in the fetal position on my couch
that would be so funny
#teamfollowback tell a model to tell a model to tell a Mag lol
n I asked Val if her n Lauren were gonna go but she said she dk bc they not coming back home til friday
it is not my fault that i have swag and you dont. wanna complain? complain to your parnents that made you swaggless b!tch
I'm killing myself when I get home.
Responding to internet responses is like playing chess with 9,000 cobras.
the notebook :')
Chea! Ray's prolly back in the line up! RT : C's tonight!
Dried mango is heaven
i've never talked out loud so much in 1 day....
March 2012 sales were up a whopping 25% over March 2011! Prices dipped a mere .4%. Source: Wisconsin Realtor's Association
Like your newsletter too!
lol love it. and of course you were ;)
I would rather be cheated on physically than have my BF say "I love you" to another man... granted either way he's getting dumped...
Hey tweet friends! We hope to see you at the drunken unicorn Saturday night! It's gonna be a fun filled night! You won't want to miss it.
Nicole in shoes, Austin is *amazing*
is tweeting again!
Definitely! RT : We're excited to meet and
NOW PLAYING "TAPE ROCK" BY ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
- Exciting Eric! Can't wait!
We need y'all blessing on #NEW SINGLE "HEAD AZZ" thanks for the mixtape placement
I've been paying 5.99 by CC for Cloud Browse for more than a year & now its being offered for $4.99 as an in app purchase(...)
Breaking News from #Syria: #Assad forces have begun shelling the town of
Black girls hittin on me in class: thanks but no thanks
Poster artist for the festival? Check! Signature look for the festival? Check, check! Check out today's article on this year's artist...
right Now nothing at all
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Check your DM
Happy, happy Wednesday! Hold onto that umbrella again today! and wake up to some fun on the !
I love Todd Frazier, but I'd be okay seeing Costanzo getting some starts at 3B.
if you don't want this shit we will throw it away, I promise you.
since FIFA discovered that soccer is popular in Seattle now, they decided to get the ref's from the Seahawks Super Bowl for USA matches
Cereal for dinner<<<
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 17 9:29 in 2nd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Rocked those handstands! They are getting so good y'all!!
Messy buns. <3
when I was in hs, I dont even read it anymore smh
Outlining this week on the back of my bank statement envelope. Hey, it works.
cool h-wip? Keep your H-wips sharper. H-what? H-why??
Sadly I feel... We are a failed generation.
Tune in to this weekend during the News Talk 820 AM morning show to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
So this just means the #Browns WRs will drop the ball further downfield.
I love you more
Waiting for my Perl programming book to arrive that was pre-ordered from Amazon.
Tons of celebrities expected in #DC this week for MLK dedication ceremony
Delaware outplaying Lindenwood right now. 8:57 left in the second, Blue Hens lead the Lions 1-0
Everybody peep out 's new mixtape dropping 5/11 Feat. ME , Flintstone, Dre P, Jay Rush, Whitehouse, Ratchet&more
Final round: Italy v. Scotland ("wooden spoon" game), Wales v. France (possible Grand Slam for Wales), England v. Ireland.
Sure to get my whites whiter, my blues bluer and my reds redder. How patriotic. RT : get those stains out
you still living in Seguin?
Good evening Welcome to our twinning tweets!
21 more days of school ! Yes !
best. Ice cream. Ever.
dude I got some stuff to show you!!!
i followed.
Thanks for commenting and tweeting :)
Mom- you have to admit that even Bob Dylan doesn't look like Bob Dylan in that photo. Looks like he's dabbling in blonde highlights
I'm so excited for tonight's #trueblood episode
pm ! All night studio sesh.
Develop a love for details. They usually accompany success. -John Wooden.
<U+200E>"A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks." - Charles Gordy.
Pirates are cursed.. First Barry Braun gets over...then Burnett breaks his face. What next?
:We need you here D...Miss u hope your havin a blast for me!!!
well u know i am 2 bb my body is ready for your utensils.
Safe to say Cespedes will be wearing the next pitch he sees.
glad I'm not dealing w/ the crap weather in Syracuse, but I wish it would just snow a little bit here. I am in the Rockies, after all.
starts their program right in the impressive Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts with Beethoven's First Symphony
I'm checking out now :( it was just a weekend getaway
don't worry I'll come down there in a bit hahahah
I think he's #steaming some broccoli.
So glad you like the cookie perfume, thank you!
It's pretty crazy that we were there right before all of that went down.
tonight felt like a summer night! <3
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
i would!
It's a testament to your sunny attitude that you didn't find that last part the least bit disconcerting. ;)
I doubt I'll find a soda we like as much as this one. We'd never heard of Virgil's, but Food Fight had it, & I'm so glad now!
can i take a break from voting lol :)
your turning 21?!?!
So Im going to make a Tumblr finally but will only share ideas: thoughts: theories: and questions. Sounds more like a blog hu?
he got fired last year unfairly, he not their coach no more, Adleman their coach now
Happy mother's day to all the awesome & beautiful mothers out there!
Just going through pictures. Had a good shoot :)
Looking forward to spending 2 weeks with #israelis and moscovites at Reverse Mifgash this week. www.shalomdc.org/reversemifgash
So where youu At, Im in Plano Texas.
It's amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
none they all stayed
an admirable goal. But is it achievable?
Love your impressions! How's your Elvis?
I "pontificate" on twitter the same way I ramble when I'm drunk.
Totally missed #FF, so we're going with
awesome thanks, any ok for a 3.5 year old?
Some people will do anything for attention
get what you really wanted for Christmas !! A House !!
Catching up w/ self & emails and looking at my Oakland garden: palm trees, camellias, roses, bluebirds, trimmed persimmon trees, soon rain.
Need vodka & the weekend
PRAISE THE LORD.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
NO MORE FLEAS 4 less! Get FiproGuard Plus same active ingredients as Frontline Plus generic equivalent. In stock now at Lofty Dog.
"To the Mother Fucking Blower Uppers" Loved #HouseOfLies!
U better chill b4 I fuck.
i love you more baby boo
awww good babe an yeah I saw him when I got off the bus haha, it's weird talking to you on here lol #toocool;)
NP Lady- I know how important pictures are!
How is #raw trending? People still watch WWE?
Have a great stay. I look forward to reading your tweets.
I'm losing hair over Fantasy Closers this year. If Dale Thayer and David Robertson don't work out, I'm punting saves.
. I think they did a good job. Basically, if you can afford it, hire permanently, but consultants can get you started.
“: We all used to do some pretty wild shit back in the day.” like lighting ppl on fire
"Share the similarities, celebrate the differences" M Scott Peck
Felt so good to lift and workout today after myrtle
oh yea .. I just saw white parents holding their baby on their backs with those baby pouches -_-
S/o Ralph Laguerre one of YKMD #1 supporters :D (wish we knew his twitter name)
Sometimes, I think I like 's friends more than some of mine.
Omg...I'm so excited for #fashionpolice tonight. Why would I go out on a Friday when I have ?? Love you!!!!
Work is still weird. But less tense. By demand!
Today was a great day thx 2 cool peeps TY for all the mentions!
OMG you're reading KIM!!!!! I LOVE Rudyard Kipling!!! have you read "The Light that Failed?" <3<3<3<3<3
I have a kid who has so much energy, I need to wear him out to get him to focus. Suggestions?
Strengthen your #sales force with Sr VP of Professional Services Chuck McGraw & VP of Training Stephen Roennau's methods...
Ok people, it's cold, slow down on the road a little so we all don't have to stop!
In town for the #OTC? Head over to the Houston in CITYCENTRE & show your conference badge to receive 10% off your bill!
so true - if only weekends came at the start of the week instead of the end ;-}
I feel like maybe I should.
My mom told me how this British guy was talking about Justin about his hair & how it doesn't fit him j hair is hot & I bet the guy doesnt
Check out the new song "Moonshine"!!!!! www.myspace.com/somewhereanywhereelse or somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Thanks! helps a lot :)
1D is making me sad. ;( stop smoking an drinking beer plz? ;(
- Had an great day after all it wasnt dat bad.!!
Ok ladies I gotta go do my workout. If I'm still breathing after I'll check back in!
welcome :D
It's amazing how many great things can happen when you just stop trying to make things happen and just live.
Congrats to Another Oregon TE, getting a shot in the
My mother would say the dumbest stuff when people walk into the waiting room for attention...
Soon...soon I will taste victory.
2nd to last class ever with Dr. Stoval,l he requests that we hold back our tears until next week.
Follow Friday? FF? I dunno about that, but follow since he mentioned me and for sarcastic crime updates.
Happy birthday, ! Luv Ya Bunches!
09/13/2011 - Job Fair sponsored by the Tenth Congressional District Congressman Michael T. McCaul 's Job Fair. The job fair will featur
Pimp N ho' party tonight.. Time to dress up!!
we have 2 pairs of Scarlet Ghds which we're selling off this week, £109 (or £119 inc a travel dryer), DM me if u want one saving
Watching and adamhall arrange imaginary furniture in the new UW Research Commons...how exciting!
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! I hope you have a very nice and fun weekend!
#HonestyNight I know that I'm needed and that people care about me but I still want to die...
Jonas Fans Are Blessed
Sure. No sweat.
Susan Helper says first thing good manufacturing policy has to do is support R&D
Really pumped for my weekend project!
tx represent! RT Elite Men getting rad in the mud at #jinglecross youtu.be/L0w4rz9H-ec < Fawley at 45 seconds in, cleans it.
Can't wait for this weekend....God is so good!
After having the flu and a sinus infection to follow, I see the need for universal health care.
Thanks for coming and sharing your pic!
party with the wyman babies
love oar
we need a vacation
ah. Maybe he's afraid of seeing real humans on screen? :P
Got a free iPhone case made from an old record from #griffintech at
Top vehicles in HR social media: first LinkedIn, next Twitter says instant poll I feel in good company.
“They say philosophers and wise men are indifferent. Wrong. Indifference is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.” <U+2015> Anton Chekhov
Exactly! RT : It's all about the execution. Our Facebook ads are effective when strategically combined w engaging content & innovation.
send me one lol
STUDIO ON DA WAY!! FOLLOWED BY DEBUT MIXTAPE "REMY RUBBERS & REGRETS" COMIN SOON.. ALOT OF GREAT MUSIC PLUS TO MUCH SWAGG ON DIZ PROJECT
Why are Mondays always so 'eh?
<U+5982><U+679C><U+4F60><U+9700><U+8981><U+6211><U+5E2E><U+5FD9>,<U+4F60><U+53EA><U+8981><U+95EE>!<U+4E5F><U+53EF><U+4EE5><U+5E2E><U+4F60><U+7EC3><U+53E3><U+8BED>,<U+4F46><U+53EF><U+60DC><U+7684><U+662F><U+6211><U+53EA><U+80FD><U+8BB2><U+666E><U+901A><U+8BDD>,<U+4E0D><U+4F1A><U+5E7F><U+4E1C><U+8BDD>!When are you going to be in HK/how long? YOU SHOULD HANG OUT WITH ME ON THE MAINLAND!
My son posted on FB: ironic eh? Columbian prostitutes provide secret service to Secret Service
To celebrate our new #ShredTruck, #TheDataShark, we're offering 20% OFF all hard drive & media shredding for the month of March!
I think I just brought you over 3,000. CONGRATULATIONS! thanks for the scoop on a good company!
RT : watching some awesome videos about from #PRSMS --> These are great!
Watching my new fave Sunday morning show - Kitty Cam at the Animal Shelter: www.seattle.gov/animalshelter/featuredkitty.htm
I will once they are finished! Give me a month or so...soon to be finished the new PIXEL MICRO 48x60!!
Hah. Where was that order from?
": My assistant need a man so bad I'm tired of hearing her "I'd rather be by myself" rants"<=is she fuckin???
Lost planet 2 o man this game is so fun
I don't mess with 3D...I light one up and it becomes Real-D
Avoid mayhem
Yes Lord there is school today.......
Ecology is as boring as it sounds. I am now sure that I will never want to choose science as a career path.
definitely. Really frustrated with the lack of motivation they've had all SEMESTER. My other classes are ok.
Yessir! Follow us for updates/release dates/emotional dates/the fruits known as dates.
Watch who you hang around with.
listening to Tupac,
I will continue to talk about the good thins I've done for our district and ways for us to keep moving forward.
I bought a yellow shirt and a pink shirt today. Now I own eactly one yellow and one pink shirt
So nice that I was surrounded by POSITIVE people last night that make me laugh instead of fakey weirdo bitches.
OK, I'm with the dev team next week, let's try to put a call together and chat about this.
"A tough andunsentimental story with a soft and tender heart," #bukowski writes about #Fante's book Ask the Dust
There's plenty you can do with masters in #publichealth, in epi/stats/global/family/environ/policy/management/sociomed...
Hi, Peter, thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
thank you! We are looking forward to day 2 also
so glad to hear that!
Who is gonna watch the Spain - Italy match?
lol , aww maybe you can play tommorow but i just woke up im so bored
i owuld never follow justin bieber he a queer that dont know it yet but yea thats besides the point
Oh ya know, Just listening to SUALM preview..OVER...and Over again...
Iggy is going off
thanks for the follow, I shot you a @ from the film page also. Talk soon.
OpenWallet is a peer to peer cash transfer service that makes everyone a "human ATM" to get real cash from ppl.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
what the fuck
god (: I talked to him the other day
You still work at Buffalo's?
Crowdsourcing can be user-generated too, but is more focused on the assignment using collaboration & competition
I'm at Cavenders Boot City. Couldn't feel more out of place.
#ReconciliationLaw - Incoporates resources necessary to do the work - marriage & family therpists + spiritual leaders.
Definitely natural emotions! Don't know anyone that has regretted it tho. Have u decided where you're headed?
he's so dreamy.
thanks for coming bro
"LIKE" PASSION PARTIES by TRECO on facebook!!
Google Posts FCC Report about Street View - PCWorld
- ready for Karaoke in your home for a fraction of the cost?
looking into it too much?
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Steel Town Soul will be at SPIN BARTINI this Thursday 9-midnight! Don't miss it!!
Reminder. Vote now for students in #NFTE Elevator Pitch Challenge 2011. on.fb.me/l6QUpl Polls open until 10.4.11
Well, I thought there were completely reasonable requests... for 1986... and KIIS-FM. ;)
“: #NW The Avengers with !! :D” yes finally! <3
did you see at least one of my scenes? :o
Same here, so introvert. ha
haha! Just gotta ask
A big thanks to for always pimping ma stuff.
Thirsty @ 2am I got a glass of OJ, spilling much. A failed orangejuice manuever in the dark.
Hey good girl...
You win. RT I'm in my car now so I'm not watching oscars but I did just pass a homeless guy peeing on fountain ave.
Wishing you a joyful Christmas and a successful and happy 2012.
all I can say is OMG
The return of Nelson Radames and Yoham Ortiz tonight at 10pm (89.9 FM-NY) Plus Arnaldo Vargas opens his bag of tricks.
Chronicling America quick stats: 3.1 millions pages, 414 titles dating 1859-1922, 22 states and D.C. represented...and growing!
The moment I start singing my heart out thinking my mum wasn't there, yeah she was there the whole time
hope everything is ok
I wana see Gabrielle Union on campus today! She is gorgeous!
Remember the days when someone offered u a beer or a shot and you said no? Cuz I don't. #elementaryschool? #peerpressure thanks
I spend more time going through my email now, then ever before. Is this what fame feels like? Could it please come with more fortune? :D
Next Friday, u can catch me @ Cream for the DJ Craze show!
Reupholstering old couches is almost never cost-effective
TMI right? Sorry, couldn't help myself. (;
"what Bezos really figured out was that if you gave freaks a home, they would give you...their best ideas... and their rights on the job"
No more Pests inside & outside your Home after Haynes Termite Exterminator do their Jobs ^_^ Contact them @ tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
": jamie, save me from everyone baby. <33" HAHAH YOU'RE SO SAD.
thanks :) do you guys think you could write a blurb about you guys for our site?
wow it says i have no followers
still can't figure why ain't include me in that "SMILE" video... um
then you have a blessing Peyton <3.,
Living in an apartments is the worst! Especially if it's filled with kids & you live on the 1st floor.... You wake up when they do
didn't realize so many zombies stumbling around midtown. Sleeping w/ the shotgun tonight.
I need a song to listen too..
Hangin with and #cruellersays "f squared bitches"
Finished watching The Lucky One it was a cute film! =)
i love you and please follow me! That would make my day!
Iron Chef is totally unappetizing tonight. Ostrich eggs, duck eggs and quail livers. Seriously? Yuck.
You can and WILL! And I'll be here to help you! :D <333
Maui Monday teaching day today.
Everybody makes mistakes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
ok, convinced me to come out to even in the rain - who else is gonna brave the weather?
your so cute :)
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!!!!
If u ever get bit in the nipple, the best reaction is to hit the biter in the back of the head & have them wake up later on the counter top.
Love taking with my parents & hearing about my little nephew!
First game of the season usually equals attendees that haven't done proper binge drinking in a while. Hope you bring your A game.
Want U Back by Cher Lloyd is such a great song. :)
as beautiful as ever. ;)
hahaha awe #ScrubScrubScrub =P J/k J/k
doing so now!
Yes. Often on Thursday nights we have a local artist play live
You should have heard the room oh and ah when brought her new baby in.
Tired right now.... Mind is going a 100 miles per hour
join us for our french wine dinner on thursday, november 10th. call 216.921.3473 to make your reservation.
- awesome SM follow up. Your shirts are my favorites. I owe about 100
so, Rudd's public pitch is a consequentialist Not-Abbott one, and Gillard's is "Rudd is chaotic and dysfunctional?" gee...
yeah that would of been good(: next time !
Yes! We are gonna post it on the site in the AM RT : hope u liked the show
Your fear shouldn't get in the way go for it and give it the best you've got:))
Hoodie Awards!!!! You are gonna vote for us...right? RIGHT?
What a joy to have Maia, Caitlin and Brenna at SOURCE tonight. It means all the world to me that you were there.
Thinking about moving to LA, what do you think, yes or no?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
WordPress, that's an easy choice!
9 more until 400 followers plz help me!!!!!! to celebrate i will follow random tweepers
Any leads on Bella?
Music makes everyone more comfortable and happy!
RT : The Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print; focusing on online and educational curriculum for schools....
My 5 year old cousin comes in my house,sits on my bed and says "ohh man kindergarten in so exhausting we color so much my that my hand hurts
ME3 is getting real.
I can say i've done things that i could have for, but I guess it made me into a man hah(:
Um...it's addition?
location reminders=tasty!
Listening to Slaughterhouse inspires me to want to spit again! I miss the days when MC's would Go Hard on the Mic!
Love is worth fighting for, so I'm fighting my hardest for it, but is it worth it if he isn't even trying?
#idhdu What are our obligations as scholars & stewards conducting community participatory DH projects? Pondering existing 'best practices'?
If you need a solid CPA referral in Milwaukee, send me a message. My accountant, he is really good.
#dickssportinggoods has the worst service ever. Never buying anything from them again.
I think Michael Kors has become a tangerine
The '11 crush ends @ Grove on Sat when we will harvest Cab Sauv. Volunteers that want 2 help pick? If so email us, we'll buy lunch.
what do you have for Georgia?
Listen to the desires of your children. Encourage them and then give them the autonomy to make their own decision. -Denis Waitley
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines? The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
I have assigned my team to watch Moneyball over the weekend. Test on lessons learned and how it affects the way we roll out new systems.
Talking w/ some new clients abt great opportunities. We luv partnering w/ people & help them move frm where they are 2 where they want 2 be.
RT hannahherman101 These children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast money, and cheap drinks.
is Mexican Hot Chocolate spicy??
yup. text i just received.
hey Stacey miss u
Can't sleep and my stomach hurts :(
“: I like-u pay commission?:)“: For Sale: 3BR/1 1BA Single Family House in Oklahoma City, OK, $129,900" indeed!
The owner of Gagafacts will be moving there in August ;)
Only a few more days of Enjoy, rest a few days and then get ready for
Florida totally threw away that game.
#whenihavekids The president still won't be dark enough
relative of Revy.
Now in editing, HD in 3D!!! VIP's get your 3D glasses ready! I filmed it last week, just saw the pre-edited video, and its amazing!!! =)
I need the Chef Basket. Seriously.
idk how to live without you..
Small specialized agencies working together and supporting each other.
Whoops I missed a g in that tweet. But you get what I'm saying :)
omg briellleeee <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>I thought we talked about this..
let's great a town like that so I can kill for the greater good....I feel like the middle of south dakota could work.
Follow me on instragram !
I'm a ISTJ
Sam Kelly is gorgeous!
got to cut back on the bacon and wine or Ill never catch that squirrel! Woof!
Thanks. I watched that clip. Sweet.
My new favorite show has to be <3
REAL POLITICAL REFORM - Big money has destroyed our political system. We need to fix it at the problems root. Its a system designed to fail
you said you wanted a jeep
Finna get tomato juice on this flight. Crooziinnnnnnn <U+2708>
RT : Hi downtowners! We are at Frost Plaza Plazalife today with lunch goodies! There's music & fun things to shop. Come say hi!
Heh. I suppose I could just do that in the car, too.
Pls 4low me 4 we hav a Feature Film Pore-Produxion of a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR n we want u in it 2
Is Fox really the number one rated news channel? Really?!? That doesn't say much about our country...
Brand Built on 'Audacious Innovation' - Multichannel News
sorry to say no
DePuy, a part of Johnson & Johnson, have 31 positions open across the country from. Take a stop by to learn more!
nevahhhhh. lol North Korea vows to blow south Korea away. they have shot off.
Sure, send all our jobs to Mexico (again)
you know I don't gotta try! it just comes naturally!
My circadian rhythm is all messed up.
Missing the summer sun? We have the next best thing, ask the front desk about tanning!
Let's find him and destroy him. Work stealing dildo! Anal Assassin!
Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
I feel your pain! I had a calm, productive Friday planned but have gotten completely off track - at least I've had coffee :-)
U didn't have to stoop so low. Its sad, now we rly aint friends, we coexist. Somebody i used 2 kno, smh. Happy i got a heart & common sense!
bored just got out of a closet
It's fucking groundhog day !
I just watch the clock jump ahead to 3am. Got to love insomnia.
home is fine sometimes...
you are thinking, lets go hog wild tonight and have exotic Slovakian mutton chops 4 dinner
It was cool to see the heroes getting savaged by evil, which was run by another set of heroes against another evil. Smart.
The alien invasion, for one. Oh, and the return of the dinosaurs. Turns out they weren't extinct after all, just hiding. Who knew?
happy birthday! (:
*walks in late as always* Hey, congrats on the book sale- that IS aweseome!!
That would be so fun.! #punaboutfun RT : Please tour with fun. Love me and
YES! Our webinars are free and available to all! Archives are available for viewing for 6 months as well.
Like coffee? Could U convince 4 friends to give $1 to charity? Get a $5 card each time u do! "START A CAMPAIGN"
How many slices of Johnny's Pizza have you had so far this year?
TOMORROW don't miss & at on Canal Street from 8-10p for a rockin good time!
well I think ur playing the showbox in Seattle in June, my favorite venue there, so I might just fly home just for that :)
thinking about it, I think I love you more then food
Yay. Valentines Day is tomorrow, can't you tell I'm exticed -.- #ForeverAlone with
Don't miss the Sunday Jazz Lounge Finale! With Rodney Richardson & Joe Herrera Sun. March 27 8pm at Twins Jazz Club 1344 U Street NW DC
Thanks for the follow! I love the red jeans on your website's gallery page. Awesome styles.
thanks to #wordly for getting me through my cross-country flight!
cheer up buttercup. Errthang will be alright <3
Yes I have been there, well worth a visit! :) Mare Nostrum #great seafood
finally getting some sun. That monsoon was killing me #Miami. PhoneGap installed and ready to go! Time to make some apps....
My phone is stupid <WeMissAustin!>
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
retweet my boys and I'll win a prize. You were awesome on their show awhile back come back soon.
We only have a 3 and a 10 day. Look at the difference between /forecast10day/ vs /hourly10day/ & /forecast/ vs /hourly/
More so yesterday, but I'll take it!
Follow my twitter page to get updates on my novel!
my phone died :(
Busted my ass on the ice today. First time this season, not so bad.
Damn right i got it!
lmao oh man beautiful ny !!
counting down the hours til I see the hubs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Big ass lizard in the road smh ony in south florida
yes you would bring from the 219
Alas, he died before I had the pleasure.
Headed to uptown %$&$# me and my bestiest *&##@ best of times!!!
In honor of Black Friday.....we are having Black OUT Friday. $2.75 drafts all day, on all beers.
somehow I lived until today w/o knowing that mother-in-law is an anagram of woman hitler.
so good. can't wait to go back again soon!
Are you cool?? Yes! Hey...are 1D going in the Italy please...in the Rome!
Hm, isn't in the mood for wings. Something else please. Hurry up... is awakening.
This is a weird stoppage.
YOU KREY KREY. what about like lafawnduh or something ghetto and fabulous
#psanderettememories my fave?? when i bought the Underrated EP<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Wow, I am the trifecta of useless. I have an English degree, and I am a journalist who writes about libraries.
'One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.' --Bob Marley
and all tied, 25-25. 5:50 in the half on #ESPN2 It's a showdown.
lol.. gotta love the holidays! I'll find out my schedule for next week, tonight..
I hear thunder nd rain :(
"I dont want perfect, i want real. " Well your as real as it gets. Your what i want and what i need, your a gentleman :) <3 xox
ikr! I took my iphone money & bought a droid pad. Now I really need a new phone. Fuck
Well I love you and your page too!
We are excited! RT: Awesome planning meeting today with getting ready for jingle bell run
Chillin eating Gumbo
thanks for giving me and grass stains. that's the last time i'll ever bow down to you
Check out 's table - they have their own candy! There are also sweets at AirX/SDE, & UCSD tables.
Glad you liked it!
Just got a box of fresh sensors in the mail from and did a happy dance.
Good sex will keep a person in your life. But it shouldn't be the only reason they want to stay.
honor to meet you boys and have a conversation with a few of you(:
4/5/1786->H. Lee:...there is more wickedness than ignorance in the conduct of those who have influence in the fabrication of our Laws
Show me that the two cases are analogous
Today is the day that you become great!
your welcome ^_^
IMRE is proud to sponsor 's #RacefortheCure on Sunday, Oct 23. Who else will be running with us?
lol why are we so cute? We're the only lame couple that has the future planned out hahaha
your white for a reason so don't act like you black -.-
Gorgeous icon. N i thought the fan video u made wuz da bestest one yet!
Sometimes I wish that I did not have any feelings. Feeling too vulnerable.
It's Superbowl Sunday! Are you making any tasty game day snacks?
shattering loss for you blokes. Now Baltimore turns to you for some summer glory. Get Ray Lewis to be your asst. coach
Who wants to open for Though She Wrote? Email
How ya doing over there ? Cooled off a little?
what's up
just txtd u
when was the last time wisky hit 12 threes in a game?much less first 30 minutes...been my luck lately
If your New Year's resolutions include making new friends, career development, volunteering more, and expanding your mind, we can help. :)
yo jago uve come a long way! Nice job!
I miss u "Beautiful"
Does anybody else think that place is mad random/not the right place for a work lunch? Of all the places in this city, we're going to there.
Wishing I could have powdered donuts delivered. Remember Pink Dot?
you people give me heart palpitations
you are just JELLY >:c
Business Card Design @ $75
Thanks for the recent follow!
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!!!!!
I could get behind that.
nope, definitely a commie.
I deal with that very same struggle myself, Allison.
Max is such a good baby... Just lays there and minds his own until he's hungry or needs his diaper changed.
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...7 days left until the party in Michigan!
I really hope all you guys are in the same room right now
This is inspiring!
My response to people usually is a grunt.
Hyped up about seeing you on CSI Miami tonite bro!
I like to read the newspaper!
maybe they'll have something on the news tonight or tomorrow. I forgot all about it :-(
7-11 is coming back to J-Ville. Slurpee Up!
Urban Noise: Winter Festival is now confirmed for March 29th at Brooklyn Bowl! Bands to be announced shortly!
seeing videos with my dad
yup Im working with him.
and did you find this out after you had placed your order or before?
That awkward moment when one of my mom's fb comments on my status...
#School starts tomorrow...#LAME! But luckily its my last year!! : )
Researching for a graduate class presentation this afternoon and supervising a patron in the reading room.
President Obama has New Mexico and Wisconsin in the Sweet Sixteen, but no further than that.
Thanks for the RT!
yes! and love!!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe. Voltaire
Very weird, since all three popper up. Sorry about that, I have no idea what happened.
It was my choice to follow you. I am well.
they want what they can't have :x
same here but when you get your phone back???
« Brewers clinch #BREWERS #bitchimfrommilwaukee»
why so lonely?
Don't worry, Moo is a very private cow. She won't be hanging around here much.
When someone follows you, so you follow them back, and then they unfollow you. Seriously? Fuck you
sINGE'd
falling asleep to Bayside and seeing them for the first time this weekend :3
I'll be unfollowing 459 people if they are'nt following me back!
5/14 LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors @ Mount Herob Baptist Church NE, topics:Medicare fraud waste & abuse;identity theft
I didn't even know there was a six flags in Ohio.... or there "small town" Lima, Ohio
If you dont accept someone at their worst, then you dont deserve them at their best
GAME ON I'll be there!!
Hehe, just being difficult. :)
Next time the bakery has more than one left when I get there, I'll get some extra for you & send them to Buffalo. : )
In Phily for Extreme Reunion w/ Shane Douglas, Raven, Cody Michaels, Sabu, Balls Mahoney, Al Snow with Head.
We do not stop exercising because we grow old – we grow old because we stop exercising. – Dr. Kenneth Cooper
you flying into LAX/if so, what time are you arriving? I'm flying outta LAX at 9, but ill be there at 6:30 probably
Today has been nothing but me tweeting about old retarded memories. Gotta love it tho.
you too!
Hump wit it RT : Big booty hoeeezzzz!!!
How many hours after watching Breaking Bad should my erection subside?
That awkward moment when doesn't follow you:(
how is training camp? You up in Philly?
when I looked online it said the show was the 17th of no, are you sure its this Tuesday?
Hahaa, hellzz yeah!! How did you know?
This was a very small town in North Georgia. I think we'll never be on #storagewars. Such a shame!
If you have a brother, can you have a best friend as well?
Liking that one girl, who will never like you back ever again. Just little phrases make me smile then i realise how much of a cunt i was..
Interesting examples of low-resource, high impact prototypes in Obama campaign web page & book title
MT : Google the word "askew"..... #veryclever -
What your pledge dollars buy: 1 physical, occupational or respiratory therapy consultation = $150. Find us at www.twitter.com/phoenixmda
EXBX trying to run....
jeez there are smart people out there. Just saying. Merlin Mann, Patrick Rhone. Plus all those books I won't have time to read. Jeez
my account got spammed. Im fixing it Thanks
Please email me at at your earliest convenience. ~ allison/online media manager
Wow! Joshua. That may be one if the best performances I have ever seen on American #Idol!
still proud of you guys! <3
you're about to be bowsered.
Trying to make since of all this !!! Im not a puppet im triston thats how it will always be !!! Me being me
Toilet paper.... R u an over or under person?
haiti day 1: crazy roads/driving, great experiences setting up solar energy source in a small town, not sure how i'll capture all in a story
Great trip to the Bay Area & Las Vegas. Lots to follow up on. Good to be home.
Please like!!!
New Shows Posted! Check out our band page!
you're still hot. Fro and all ;-) have fun
I love you is an eight letter phrase but then again so is bullshit
": " I Eat Beef - You Bring Salad Ima Toss It " , I Fucks Witcha ." Ayyeee ha ha
cocaine addicts have white Christmas' every day....
When we as a society stop making generalizations/stereotypes towards people, the world will become a better place to live
ur welcome .... thank u... ur fine I heard what happened smh... I will
just finished my longest and most difficult research paper ever in my whole life. i feel relieved.
Thanks! Looking forward to continuing our conversations!
Thanks for the follow. We just installed a fiberglass full view w/Maple Park Glass, satin nickel hinges & hardware. Looks Great!
That is the worst. GL!
Thank you! Tell yo' mama and 'nem to follow too! J/K. Be inspired always! RT now following!! God bless
Starbucks #fedhill open!
A special hump (leap) day! Spent playing guitar, singing, and just appreciating the extra time w/out guilt!
Watching the game with a KU alumni -- Harry Sydney.
Guess my generous rdg wld see this "shift in tone" as just a put-on ("make the middle feel...")? Maybe? But doubt that's what's meant. (3/3)
How is everyones day going? We have beautiful weather here in Chicago!
“: Everybody has somethin to say about your life. Bitch tend to your own !”
So tired...
i might not be that perfect in doing everything but i could be perfect in loving you
"I don't need a bag" "do you need a box?"
Why am I suddenly starving???
That sucks. I have one tomorrow and one Thursday!
Manufacturing runs!?! This Crew team is maturing before our eyes... The patience has just been fun to watch!
I might be the only one in the school that's digging the college softball on the big screens in the forum, but I'll take it.
its thundering, lightning & raining... LOVE it :)
Got the J.O.B. :) Thanks for all the prayers!
With the new iPad it's going to be a rough day at the local mall. If you have Mac needs, come see in Millersville 9-1
this is a no brainer
#ThatDepressingMoment when look in the freezer to eat corndogs and find out there is no more
#sales failure is common- but emotionally devastating. Learn the right coping strategies now. Read my ebook.
Star Wars Episode I in 3D?! Are you flippin serious?!?!
i look like a lobster
im still loving it. Send it to my phone
How does one play "Chest"? " : He once scored three touchdowns and two homeruns in a game of Chest"
oh hahaha I was like damn that must be some spiteful ass ex bf
hey sexy
Is there an agency in Milwaukee that specializes in social media? We're actually looking for someone to generate content...
The enemy damages us once, we damage ourselves for the rest of our life. God is my deliverer!
Dear Slingbox, please let us help you - Lost Remote
by others that are not giving as much as he is. Kobe has been willing to pay any price to win. He wants the same aggressiveness
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough. -M.C. Escher
The Romney Campaign: pandering to ethnocentrism since 2012.
Couple days of summer weather, then two days of winter (even snow) then back to summer. Yeah! Sure! SD weather "always the same" - NOT!!
The reason for the surge in gun safe sales is child protection.
no ma'am “: Am I the only one that yells 'Charge!' at home??”
It's amazing the things you find yourself watching just because someone posts it. A pack of 34 Saint Bernards, clearly I must seem this
Don't talk about my Pauly that way
thanks for following...gurl!
Follow your heart & pursue your dreams , the outcome will lead you to insanity <3
how's going?
Indeed. It's such a humbling and profound experience to stand in that motel, ponder those bullets, and all that's happened since.
Hey! So Excited!RT for a roll call. Who's going to #BBCVegas Say hi to me&my roomie/wine twin
and that's when you smile and say, 'I'm Chef Jen Carroll and I'm a badass. Eat what I serve you and be happy about it."
She loving the crew what a fucking bird lol !
Headed to NYC later today, through Monday night.
are playing rok music in public tonight. We'd like to see you.
Let me catch u n a lie or cheating I promise you ill be in jail an 2 of you will b 6 feet under maybe 12 feet
Jayy are you guys coming to Chicago this new tour?<3
so cute!
"Occupy Reno" occupied Reno for about 6 hours. We occupied Reno for 30 hours
Sorry I have been MIA - apparently I get no service in the green mountains of Vermont. Not necessarily a bad thing...
Congrats on your continued success in dancing, football, family, and life! You are a true role model for us!
had a conversation yesterday about how the character of brand's office is now a important factor of brand identity.
How your day been homie? :)
be smooth bro
Well I'm liking this idea more and more! This'll be a blast! I may take the bus, but only if I can get a ride from the station.
okay<3 please go c:
Bittersweet = my favorite & reminds me of Cafe Loco. lol. listening to the HoodooGurus
More presents! Pthalo green!
I wonder if any serial killers follow me
ONE I hope it's hella soon
well, it's not everyday someone i know gets to hang out with Darth Vader! (still jealous!)
Man...you're disrespectful. It's one thing to admire a woman's beauty and grace, but some words should remain in your mouth.
Not if you have a prescription! Then it's totally on the up and up. :)
LOOOOOL Okay that made me laugh :$
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
i LOVE Jon Brion productions
See our Excellent $1 Beer on Sundays!
Almost finished packing. will have a new location next week!
Nothing like spilling coffee on yourself to start of this sunny Monday morning!
Brand new splendid JUST came in- I'm dying to try on the long strapless jersey dress...it will be uploaded tomorrow, so check the site!
Enough is a word not many understand fully
Cant wait til my birthday!
Yeah...I thought it was pretty hilarious. Feel free to disagree, just know that you are wrong.
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing
What you call the folkz that work tirelessly in the shadows, "TheInvisibles"
This ump's strike zone is absolutely massive in the Indians game. Calling everything inside and outside a strike.
Thanks a million, ! I do my best.
thanks! and yes, I am excited for to be here!
Happy Holidays everyone!
do you have Brandi camera?
Touche my friend.
Black Friday :)
Lol! We love all things "sassy" too :) What do you think of it in our name? Sassy Nails. Does it fit?
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Our team is in mourning. We tried to save a sick wild rabbit by taking it to the SPCA, but it had to be put down. So much for a positive Fri
No problem. I sympathize because my email and my office have had a fair share of grubbing during the last WEEK of finals.
Get this Phucking Asshole out of here
#Kia optima spot lived up to hype. Neat compilation
: Gents, 18 holes for 2 at $18. you get to bring a friend. We'd love feedback & input to improve deals too!
RT : We still have time, keep tapping away!
Making homemade pasta with a goat cheese and grilled plum tomato pesto for mama this evening! Stay tuned
just agreed to the commercial idea for
What? RT : Only time will tell
I did tell him that he was born in jail & the police brought him to our house because ...
Yeah I know.. I remember those days.
Working on a promo spot for "Red Bull." Extreme!
I'm ready for Louisville!!
Chat live TONIGHT @ 6:30pm PT w/ Top 7 SYTYCD finalists on Facebook. U can submit ur questions now via Twitter using hashtag
Linda's colon cancer research contest is racking up the bucks
Idolatry: If _______ is going well, I'm doing well. When _______ isn't: Jesus being still alive and risen...
Be careful about opening one door b4 you shut the other one!
thanks for making it impossible for me to get to campus & turn in my papers. (& I'm not even going to my commencement…)
she say money make her cum, i say money made u dumb
A weekend without Twitter. Did I miss anything?
Happy Mothers Day to you ladies. Especially my fellow Warriors. May you all have a relaxing tantrum free day!
Arrow Electronics Expands Online Resources with Mobile Site - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
is aggrevated that schools are closing half day. Good thing I just hired a Nanny,
they droid razor maxx has a much bigger battery which lasts a lot longer!
FYI Talking Heads: Rather than putting the Obama Presidency in a hospice, work with the Man and his cabinet.
Gregory Crane from Tufts at Chicago AHA doing v sophisticated work mining huge bodies of Latin and Greek texts.
For the first time in my life, I am not a daily newspaper subscriber. $300 a year just seemed like too much. Yes, you can blame the iPad.
Considerate it my thank you.
Thanks for highlighting us, Greg! I'm glad you're regularly covering these important issues.
Of course U Already kno.
You drive me crazy in more ways than one.
I concur. I have some things I've been wanting to rant about with you offline.
Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
i am eating food. Ryan is our ELT
Happy Friday! Hope you're making it happen!
they are still rocking for old men :)
hey hey Rodney ....can't complain...looking forward to being back in Philly soon I'll keep you posted
Love how all the burnt-out DJ's suddenly have something to say when they see an up-and-comer making moves.
I don't know you but followed your link...LOVE this guy!!!
Watching Florence & The Machine's rehearsal for #TheVoice live show tonight.... So damn good!!!
Tonight, ok, let's try again, this time with a little less Charlie, and a bit more Emilio. 10pm w
preaching varies from community to community.
Loving JJ Berea right about now. Such a great game.
there not there! There are girls but not ICONic girls! :(
I like New York City better at night the neon lights all a glow and it's cool temp
That awkward moment when somebody says they are inlove with you and you don't feel the same way <<
not over you
Just got an authentic chocolate milkshake here at the Wiener's Circle in Chicago! You know what I mean? :p
Out of the 6 in line, 2 have made it out. They knew how to drive or were lucky. After our big hill is another steep one before main road PIB
Maybe that explains Walker's cult-like following
my cousin is a sophmore in college telling me not to tell her mom , umm, como ?
yea if more shit go down like this year did
#EBUS118 Confused, you DO NOT need to an "@" like symbol when you direct message?
I like the word "swiffer"
Have they done any math? or is math too for ?
Enjoyed watching the #Oscars tonight.
I'm on a canceling spree. It is very therapeutic.
Goodnight school tomorrow then basketball practice.
got tanner today <3
When David bar Katz asks you to do a reading of his new play directed by Phil S. Hoffman, you don't say no. So I didn't.
Unless you are in to that sort of thing.
Why did I block her on voxer and delete her now I do.t know how to fix it Damn now I have no way to associate with her. I miss her
I'm so sorry to hear this news, Lori!
My parents piss me off....
RT vote to perform at the Sweet Auburn Festival
no, silly...it gets better client "resource materials"
anybody wanna send some money into the "janie needs $350 FAST" fund? lol
Which flavor did you try? RT: sunbelt bakery cereal >
Me too. Who are you taking it with?
I meant to google that. Sorry. Goodnigh.
Oh two songs in one episode of Made on MTV!
Love takes time.
Happy Easter!
Hi Adam, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you connect & better understand your fans. Follow me to DM?
memphis soul music and r /b rightl here!
it sure does
You know what doesn't get enough props? The pizza oven. And the Q-tip. And actually having a gas can in your trunk when you run out of gas.
send them my way
prove it
says that users like the passwords data gem especially for sharing passwords with other people
Stop bitching my nigga & just play some b - ball -.-
Oops! Spelling correction coming....
We just welcomed our 12th #Novus member. Thank you #Windshield #Experts for your business!
yeah /: i make sure no one has mine like ever haha. & yeah i get you -_-, at least if no one gets my tumblr im safe haha
1 more follwer to 600. Come on help me get there. I could use some help for my partner in crime
Don't know: lede an old newspaper term for "lead" (from lead type I think). Rere, I'm not so sure about.
sweet dreams
it's on fb check!
Great way to close out the regular season on senior day! Now time to go get us a big east champ and national title.
you are fabulous. Don't even try to list the flaws. How about your strengths?
Good morning, embrace the peace within...love
13:15 left in the second, Delaware up 3-0. Oakland pressuring, can't get a shot through traffic in front
So #RedSox players don't like Bobby V's comments. If I remember correctly didnt they get the nice guy run out of town. Deal with a dick now!
Meet - One of our amazing choreographers and instructors at the Bollywood America Dance Workshop
leaving tomorrow morning. Be up before noon.
happy birthday austin
yes please! I have dance 7:30-8:30pm so before.or after that?
I guess I'll start watching Revenge.
facebook vs twitter calories burned
For a town that loves sports as much as Denver, I think the fans are terrible. There isn't enough of the ones we have.
Skyping all the fans! Add me. My user is joshoverholt
what do you do again?
": TEAM = Together Everyone Achieves More."
If we could buy years on our life how do you think the world would be?
Lmao :D Nothing Chilling Like A Boss Lol x)
I always liked Bacon Bits or Kim Chee.
Totally redeemed
#dying RT : Atrest looking crazy as fuck with that old white chap train conductor hat
Join us tomorrow at Bakery Square for the Bakery's Best Party and yes, we will save a macaroon for you!
New license
Good luck this season!
I have the urge to karaoke
Priceless internship information with and will be there. You should too.
blue-ish black or purple-ish black?
Hi! see you guys TOMORROW!
can't wait to see you either!!! It's been to long!(: <3
#justthinkof Your problems go for a while (y)
Both of your pics (chillin and after gym) are hot lol JS!:)
thoughtful considerations for municipalities considering #opendata RT Municipal open data: A Vancouver pioneer's perspective
#Shoutout to all 14 of my new followers
Wish you could have been here today too!
I wanna mess with shirley
Come back to Facebook! How the heck can I make fun of you on your status now?
Yes. Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy non-Kohler-owned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village.
I'll give you ten!
MEAT! at the DISH!
Only a few hours away from the excitement that is about to be ... Frappuccino Happy Hour! 1/2 price Frappuccinos from 3-5pm until May 13
Also, thanks to my friends ( ) for reminding me it isn't unfeminist to call the police.
haha I am cracking up! I'm going to go out and buy you some movies to watch! Good movies!
My son has a great sense of humor, likes to read and can beat his dad at Chess!
M Light brights aha
Losing Weight May Help Lower Cancer Risk
Tim Riggins on The Bachelorette? #wait,what?
and the mind is so scared it closes its eyes and then forgets it has eyes --Ron Padgett
Enjoying a beautiful sunny day in Miami.Connecting with my sources,nature and the simple things that life offers me today
Ugh. Cmon #Knicks! Lets get this lead back!
tell us now!
Haha - Just trying to calm the panic - BTW - Proud of u as a latin comic, and a Floridian.... Nice job at WSOC....
I play basketball....with the hoop near the floor!
I need sleep or I'll be all dead in 1st ;o
Follow EVSC teachers here /evsc-tweeters
I'm beginning to have real questions about the long term sustainability of this system. Perhaps we should change things about it.
you know he is a pastor lol
I hope everyone had a fabulous day. Wishing you an even brighter tomorrow!
The Pioneers have finished up on Floor. Using the last five minutes of their warmup rotation to relax and have a little fun.
hey Carla , the GNR concert was awesome . they play for 3 hours , They all rock
so wish i could go that sounds amazing!
"TIRED" going to bed night colemanators :•O
RT : 'Open conversations generate loyalty, sales and most of all, learning... for both sides.' - from Seth Godin's blog today...
what i took away from show in nash, "i've never seen an effort so quickly by so many volunteers.
Can you ask your Mayfair staff not to short customers on your over priced smoothies & then laugh about it as they walk away?
i posted the lyric video to 11:11 and people liked it. people know who austin is (:
Look at who just stepped into 2012 with a fresh new twitter account! :)
"I would never try to make you be, anything you didnt really wanna be, Gracie girl."
RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
What is a social life? Can I retweet this?
And for the second play in a row, I am forgotten up at dubourg at night alone... Thanks dad
so far votes for most powerful working class song by bruce springsteen - My hometown and atlantic city. Your picks?
Thanks for the pics Patrick! I'll get back to you asap
thanks! I like driving thru small South Jersey towns. Sun wants to come out, maybe soon it will shine.
I need it in my lyfe!
please folloow me :(
cf. ADVENTURE, early MUDs, Choose Your Own Adventure books, and so on...
The Heiress at the Pasadena Playhouse was very good. You should all see it while its still out!
I'm so tired right now. Derek has friends that work at this club and they let us in and we had some drinks...now I'm tired. But
speaking in tongues is spiritual. When you understand spirituality in full then you will know that tongues aren't stupid
RT : Did you know? You can do any of our programs during your J-term! Spanish lang., intern, volunteer, or group programs!...
impossible to write anything off because you know those receipts go straight to the trash.
beware the viper!
man today has been relaxing bout to clean some clothes. work has kept me busy finally have some down time to clean.
Don't be misled - you cannot mock the justice of God. You will always harvest what you plant. - Galatians 6:7
does wicked good punk AND is wicked good with Adobe? Whoda thunk. joshing o.c.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
Bonne Saint-Valentin! We are enjoying La Rosette - 1/2 pt St-Germain topped off w Brut Rose Champagne in a flute. How about you?
Tonight is PiYo with Lisa from 6:45-7:30 pm!! Come join us and have a blast working out! Check us out on twitter
- Saying destroying companies makes you a good businessman is like me saying that killing my plants makes me a good gardener
What creative plans do you have for the weekend?
Leo's CD makes me want to go back again to the great Alirio rep.(ALirio's OWN versions of pop pieces) Why have people ignored this rep?
“: Dane Co. Referendum - Collective Bargaining - Yes 68% No 32% with 53% in #wiprimary”
Pinterest founder self proclaimed fan of Reddit. Makes since that Pinterest is almost a female version of the male dominated Reddit.
i might have stayed up an hour past my bedtime reading it and then had dreams about it. have you read fun home?
Dark blue, dark blue. Have you ever been alone in a crowded room? Well I'm here with you.
This floor hard then a BITCH
17 hour drive to NY
Friday, but work's not over yet! Now to write article on Seattle's latest karaoke hotspot. Sake Sangria? SOLD.
Life's full of ambition, be passionate in what you love to do and don't do anything unless it makes you happy.
I CAN'T SCREENSHOT! ): won't follow me now... ): I voted so much. </3
I think is rapping in "We didn't start the fire."
I agree. I absolutely agree.
I'm From Da City Where Some Of Thhe Best Died . . .
thats pretty harsh.
My kid is transfixed by space shuttle landing at JFK.
Coffee, Big Bang Theory, laundry, bed. Such an exciting life I lead. But I had Popeyes today, so it all evens out.
We're located just outside of Boston! If your interested in getting in touch drop me a line
10,000 words, 2 finals, and one sculpture until I get to read the Hunger Games!!! Oh and graduate
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on a hot LA day in downtown- BTW- downtown you totally suck today.
up to episode #20. Learning for my sons career. Loads of great info. Keep up the awesome show!!!
<singing> As we enter into this holy place; we give reverence unto your holy name; all glory & honor belong to you..
RT : DICE 2012: EA's Galda says TV's episodic model is the future of game narrative - Completely agree - we've been doing this...
welcome boo! I sounded like a frog cause of my cough!
class over no work tonight! :)
. Thanks for the tweet tweet retweet love, my darlings. :*
Tyler Farr on the radio?!
Don't ever think ima be the designated driver....everybody will be walking f.ckn wit me lmaooo
It's "Bass Showcase" day at the Pyle Center ... aka dozens of bassists ... playing just bass ... the floor below us ... all day long
New obscure slang of the day from "go full to the Seahawks"
whats good son
I'm sore as fuck
What would folks pay for an evening or weekend SND meetup with a stellar speaker or two? (fundraiser) $25?
Long Beach is all about Grand Prix excitement this weekend! If you need some art and quiet, come to LBMA!
I'm at Burger King getting a Whopper Jr.
Let me get myself together so I can get outta this house ..
you just didn't want to follow me :(
Taking photos that look exactly alike at totally different times
I'll remember that when you're at a merch table after a show trying to sell me something. ;)
No problem. Just a fantastic job. We miss y'all down here!
This weather report does not look good.
i knew it!
S/O to this crazyy guy who is harrasing me about shouting him out
happy Labor day!
Yum, Loukoumades at St Andrew Greek Festival tonight
I am an American Soldier. I am a warrior and a member of a team. I serve the people of the United States and live the Army Values.
Stand still and consider the wondrous works of God.
nice high school come back. ,)
A little chocolate never hurt anyone.
Great to see young learners learn first words.
Was it more of an election or a usurpation?
many new commissioning projects hoping for Bolcom Rihm Gruber + more
New logo! Tell me what you think, good or bad! More updates coming very soon.
Gadget comedy for everyone's first work day of the new year. You Tube Link: HTTP://bit.ly/f0eXVW
man that sounds good...my salad wasn't cutting it today
We do what we can. Think well of us!
with school starting it seriously limits my ability to travel. i'm taking 22 credits this semester. insane!
Data just displayed up on projector for discussion...no need to save, export, etc. Thanks!
Check out 2nite 10 pm w/ actors Jeff Perry Kate Burton Darby Stanchfield JoBeth Williams & ** (OPUS!!)
Im not beautiful like you.... Im beautiful like me.
Henry on with a single
Hitting Knoxville tonight. Watch out!
Thanks for the RT! Do you give your reps similar advice? BTW, glad you survived the busy day yesterday. We like you around :)
The 5 classes for $25 is good thru midnight tonight!
Whats everyone doing on this beautiful day?
Yo, happy Friday! =)
Excited to have you for the summer!
C&S Ostomy Pouch Covers is on Twitter!
Forget the x factor, WE NEED MORE JOBS! The fine people of Miami-Dade County are focused on coming up with SOLUTIONS. 305/786/954 Stand Up.
OMG are you sick I'm so worried about you........
When you have a pinnie and sock tan
RT Just discovered my fly open since I put my pants on at 4:45 am. I've been to Starbucks and the #skiswap. /
Hey all you bloggers help us out by mentioning us in your blogs!
Loved the special brews this week! #Scotland buy some!! M
It finally broke 60 degrees F in Copenhagen! Happy fucking day!
We're like roses with spykes:love your heart,but make hurt your lips...
RT with a hashtag and one word to describe you the actor.
Life would be so much easier if I could just dunk a basketball.
Daily kos hires infiltrating tbagger to do polls? or took money from Koch brothers? WI poll terribly tainted. Shame on daily kos.
This class is on the verge of making me want to shove a pencil in my eye.
A6 Also hiking the Red Rocks in the Mojave when we had no idea how to get back. No trails on red rocks
What the Hindenburg Crash Reporting Really Sounded Like [Greg Laden's Blog]: DId you ever wonder if people "back then" really sounded...
So you're already on Twitter!! Glad to find you!
what up Long Paper! Lol We out here in L.A.!
Back in the 317. Naptown how I've missed you!!!
ignorance is bliss
RT Where's Zach Morris when you need him?
Back to social media after a year hiatus....did it miss me, did i miss it?
I've studied my target. I aim straight. Um comin for ya...
if that is what you want?! :)
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. Japanese Proverb
Just got Mattebox today & I lost my Red & Blue filters from the filters menu. How do I get them back? Great app, btw.
YOU order that drink! RT #drinksmenshouldneverorder. Dirty girl scout.
no problem, just wanted to make sure that I didn't miss it. Kinda a highlight in my week.
Heard from a friend I hadn't talked to in a long time this weekend. It was really nice to catch up. Some things never change tho. Haha
RT RT “ RT : I miss you quite terribly. I can't stand the distance between us any longer.”
How is your morning going?(: {DM back?}
I wish I had pizza rn!
Woke up with 101 degree fever and a sore throat. Really don't need this shit right now :/
Banging music so damn nice out enjoy it.
I will try and get you that stuff on my lunch break today. Stay tuned.
Proverbs 16:19 Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Ya'll Gotta See What Goodies We Got This Summer, My Nig Dan One Lacing This Record Right Now
Big Ten/ACC begins!
Good luck!
can U Say SWEEP
hello! Follow me over here ... I tweet here more often when I do!
“: Double Overtime in LA! Thousands of fans in the Staples looking at their watches, wondering how they will beat traffic.”
When in doubt, go spec.
"I was born when mommy went to a conjugal visit with daddy" - Casey Alyce Jr
Also, Josh, in addition to avatar advice I'd like to offer you the following: #BeatleFood. Perhaps we'll strike a balance.
Hey look at me actually seeing this tweet and responding! I'm becoming a 20's something again...ok maybe not.
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
Scotch and beer for me luv, cheers to ya. Would love to fit in somewhere.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy. Joel Osteen
Study says shift work, which causes disrupted sleep, sets stage for diabetes & obesity.
Instead of talking about the Pastor; pray for the Pastor. He was praying for you when you were down. (more @ daryldorsey.com)
How many fucks I give: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
join our table, the party is wild over here... For realz!
We've been watching since they started showing on BBC America. Glad the seasons are short because I get my fill each time!
Choose #Clippers & #kings!
#HU4L isn't even trending for The united states!! sad :'(
it can be a great tool for connecting
too bad you know as much about this lecture as I do
Ohmigod You Do care enough to get to know me. I am Precisely what you called me. and you're a cretin, but its all good.
loving that Patty's pic.
Wow. #coldplay. The highlight of #SITG without a doubt. Biggest crowd sing along we have ever seen.
Heck, as of Sunday Mr. The Altuve will no longer be in the Top 3 (youngest)...
when I get drunk, I get ROWDY!
Sleep well. Don't keep up too late/early.
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Woohoo! For a Good Time, Call was bought for 2mil!
I finally got around to reading "Unbroken". I assure you that once you read the Preface, you won't put the book down.
Let's talk "FREE" advertising over coffee before I leave to San Diego - Sydney, Australia. Sound good? :)
Watching the Verlander/ Weaver game from last year... AKA one of the most entertaining games of the year!
who's your favorite from 1D? let me guess louis?
OUCH! I can feel that!!!
walker only knows how to gut public education
I tweeted asking if we could pay late and ride with good conscience.
great to see you last night. Let's catch a flick soon! And follow along!
Our anniversary event; 5/12/12; "Welcome to the Jungle" More details coming soon.......:)
don't worry about dude he just a hater he hates on weezy busta rhymes and ludacris
i think you gave us one of the best pull quotes ever for the album - rock on!
- thanks for the follow!
Kid ink- time of your life
I'm powerless to resist an a-y-c-e Indian buffet.
Maroon Prime by RS1, based on J.J Dessalines historic speech of January the 1rst of eighteen oh four
Hmm I don't know? What do you want to do next? :D Lol
Not coming to that one, but my boss is...will you be at the May 14th meeting?
Life is indeed a game of chess but a strong wind can always come in and blow over the chess board.
Great trend from this observer.
buy eyetv for the mac
Lovin' 's album, Hell Is What You Make It. Maybe you've heard their song, Blackout? Get the full album. :)
I'll make the Dennis Quaid, Disney "The Rookie" movie of your life as a 30's soccer star come out of nowhere. Burt Young as coach.
Fuck bitches get money!
I already have coffee, thanks. :)
I wasn't going to mention it, but I'm a little offended that I wasn't invited to the #RoyalWedding . Pricks.
Wait am I supposed to send the massage to u or tweet it
Happy National Pretzel Day!
RT : Museum geeks: if you are not already following , this is a shame. Rectify it. (WOO THANKS!)
it's odd, but I can't say it ISN'T Stannis. It's heavily implied, but I'm surprised the series makes it so obvious.
Well... what a great great season.
like Morse is doing, by putting off his inevitable lat surgery.
When your sister calls you when your k.o.!
floyd if he is there, if not then hill or another position. Kendall wright=david terrell, remember that garbage
mane damn thats wat u call a as whoopi n lol
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
Lost my headphones. Now I have to walk to work without music.
Hi Kyle, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Best #ValentinesDay tip to save a lil cash! Stay in & make ur own drinks: Mix apple juice w/ alka seltzer & u got urself champagne! (#Conan)
who loves banana bread? mostly organic(from scratch,) banana bread, fresh and warm out of the oven...sharing with friends at work tomorrow!
Baseball in Education w/ Franklin Central HS & Indianapolis Indians. Great way to spend a day!
Ladies get away with ALOT MORE than Guys Usually do.
Our girl was on set with her, saw the PETER PAN bag she carried. :)
Having breakfast at Tin Shed. Why do I feel like I'm in an episode of Portlandia?
Watching Eddie Murphy movie where he only had certain amount of words left to speak good movie as well
we're all singing 11:11
HS worry "girls" will share "too much info," meet pedophiles posing as teen civics students for coffee; also anonymity & bullying.
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Becky Roe-Smith
I don't even remember the last time I got ready for school
What drink is a must have on #CincoDeMayo?! Please share!
Come to the Red Devil tonight! It's going to be a great show. 1695 Polk @ Clay, SF. Doors open at 8pm. 21+. Hope to see you there!
iis it true that youll always still have feelings for the first person you love?
Theres No Point In Doing Your Homework If You Dont Get It. Gonna Get a Bad Grade On It Anyways . *Shrugs*
You're all secretly sexy.
I am really off balance today
MT Interesting BBC Olympic selections: 17 commentators/pundits to cover football for TV; 5 for cycling.
Duck face <<<
Florida is considering linking its weeks of UI benefits to the strength of the economy. CC:
Hi Janelle thanks for following :D. xoxo
Thanks for the follow, France 44! be sure to keep The EuroConnect apprised of any specials on European wines, beer, liqueurs!
Thanks, I guess I'll take his word for it. ;-)
Having extremely frizzy hair<<<<
Hour and four on the route! God my niece rocks.
A gigantic welcome to some old friends and some new...Nicole, Amanda, Sonja and Bethany! Thanks for checking me out! : )
Why is nothing working today? I have things to do!
It's a runs-orgy for the Marlins.
#zstain1.0 quit trying to make $dstain3 a thing.
Enough is Enough, cause I try to be someone I'm not, not that I want to fit in but just so people talk to me, I don't care, but..
TWISTED FACT: 58% of women say men are better cooks! Agree or disagree?
hey J-Rich!
hahahhaha I love that "browsing around"
God, santa clause,and bill gates.
If you're willing to chase me, I promise to run slow."
What the heck?!
Wake up, wake up, it's the first of tha month, so cash your checks and get up
Bringing in the new year bouncing at The Black Rose Irish Pub. This will be interesting... Happy New Year y'all! Be safe. God bless.
:) I'm just a mama to furry children...menu for mother-in-law :)
defiantly fools..
as long as you don't block yourself I think it's all good ;)
wow denver you have mexican delivery look us up on yahoo today picososmexicanfood.com or call us at 303-999-0785
Annoying ain't it? Lol. But sometimes they do a good job. Sometimes. Oh, how was 'Cabin'? I don't do horror too much.
“: Mid range jumpers.... They hitting them” - they sure are!! Smh.
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” -Pablo Picasso
Tx4tf. Got any tips for me? I have sheep's milk I want 2 make soap. Clueless at this point. :(
Just a thought: Why is everything on the left side called "weakside" in football? It's an unfair generalization of everything left.
Between my wife's cats and her mother's rat-dogs, I married in to some defective animals.
if a Co2 detector is not needed - get them a Philly Tech Guy gift certificate! #justsayin'
oh, that sounds so true for me as well: "tired of suggestions of what NOT to do" -- today i'm creating & producing, not consuming
Excited to talk to librarians about THE 500 at our booth 1311
Man I got the worst headache right now...
I agree with that but I like veggie patties some times. I will get the BK veggie burger and add bacon to it
Thx for your support :)
“: Im so hungry” go eat some food then(;
Add vodka to her water, and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it....
Marv just got his dick electrocuted!
Congratulations for being named #best #law firm by U.S. News & World Report in #corporate and
YES thank you for the link!
Managed to get a calc professor that speaks english...but he doesn't know how to use a graphing calculator.
Hi Twitter ^.^
I saw Henry Francis trending on Twitter. I guess that means the always discontent Mrs. Francis is back too?
Say again I get discount on netflix and Nike as I look over the discount market place. Home shopping just got better! Let me check airlines
Finally have most of the jazz combo after 2 hours of practicing with no music. My seconds are getting better too! #practicemakesperfect!
GCB got canceled. :(
I will be in Akers Rm. 134 giving out information about the Leadership Games and selling Step Show Tickets from 7:00 p.m.-7:45 p.m.
just a thought
We need trust in addition to shared values - on working together as artists, curators, and educators.
New Pants on www.thenewdivide.com - confusing? Not once you read the NEW BLOG! We're excited to pick up today at PDX!
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M. Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com. Chat live with us each week as we "crush all dou
may have to start with new picture or make sure it is the correct way from the source photo.
Weigh in event for #UFConFUELTV 3: "Korean Zombie vs. Poirier" takes place today LIVE from Patriot Center in Fairfax, VA 4pET.
Overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you.
I went to see Yanni. lol. haha. Gift for my wife.
The cheese wasn't even melted! I shouldn't have to order a toasted sub for a hot sandwich. I don't like the toasted bead.
u jive turkey lmao !!!
Just checked myself in (online) for tomorrow's flight to Google #io2011. Should be fun!
guys! we broke 200 followers finally! (: thanks everyonee<3 also, did you hear that is recording new stuff!?
Looking at photos from the weekend, and I still say are the best couple EVER.
i love yhu bookie keep ya head up dude.....#teambreezy BITCH!!!!!!
" Help us get 5,000 Chicagoans to speak out 4 the arts & arts education.Sign the Culture Counts petition
Having home makes my heart happy.
i want the one thing video :o
follow back z :)
So apparently they're filming something at my train station o.O
I'm going to assume Polson has done something or just sucked bc he is just not getting in games.
Text me your new number
"They do not have any political party at all representing them."
Thanks for your kind words and RT about the Olbermann essay.
Man, I think I won my office Super Bowl pool.
To all those who seek to speak out on these public channels, be ware. Your tweets are being monitored by friends & foes alike.
Reminder: Gresham-Barlow schools CLOSED tomorrow. Teacher unions continue negotiations.
Maybe you need to sponsor next year? ;) RT : A few important blogs missing from that slide.
I love it when kittens sleep and then you wake them up and they purr/meow at the same time
Ghetto burgers for dinner i do it! Lol
Somehow I always manage to find the edge cases in any piece of software, the bugs nobody anticipated or has experienced.
When is your next company health day?
lmao like we did some p90x..
I sleep so much better when I pass put on the couch.
how do you fall asleep in mid conversation!
I want to Down-Grade my Phonee, All this Android shit gets on my Nerves. >.<
I'm horny today and I don't know why!?!
Good Morning Seattle! It's an awesome day to get a tattoo!! John C. , Gustavo and Dana have openings today!!
TWO WEEKS.
T.G.I.F.! What could be better than some of our favorite drink #specials, like $2 domestic drafts and $4 #highballs, on our favorite day?
hell yeah it was funny
they are terrible!
Freud everywhere.
hahaha u would be of no help my body turns to jello if there is a bug in my house and it's near me
I'm doing fine thanks how are you?
Justin Bieber... Was that performance for real? That was terrible. so glad I grew up on Justin Timberlake... Million times better.
I have no idea what ur referring to, but that is total bullshit and I can prove it!!!
I now follow
Thank you John for the mention. It is greatly appreciated!
Crowd not into Lesnar either.
“: I was hoping they'd bring out the cast of Full House during the Beach Boys performance. #Grammys” Love that!!
just as a true cigarette should be!
I left :/ I went to coach h's room...
P created n issue & now is railing against it. What a 'Con Job' !!!
is that holy crap in a good way?
Just took my last final. First year DONE! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Thank u God for coming thru and being good all the time
Paradigms mediate every mental process. Thankfully they are not set in stone.
You should be thirsty! And jealous!
for sure fam, send me the address and info and im there..
The dress that is trending in my head right now is navy lace. #guestofawedding #styledilemma Have you weighed in?
RT : Discovery flyby expected here at Dulles in 15 mins, then it will head out to fly around Washington
<U+26C4><U+26C4>freezing my butt of<U+26C4><U+26C4>
I'll text Alex about Sunday cause I know she took off work. But Savannah said it sounds just dandy.
Some have asked: can U pay 2012 dues thru PAYPAL Yes but add $1.50 to the $33 Dues 2 cover fees PAYPAL charges Make payable:
thanx so much 4 all th updates I have a niece th@ lives in Ft Benning GA I am able to keep her posted
Updates: Juju wesbite will be launched VERY soon, a few events in the works, AND more music video releases! Stay tuned...
Nero @ surrendervegas. You can pay 40 at the door, or if you're a lady, i can get you in for free!! hmu for VIP services!
i dnt think i can fall in love w. yu but i think i could fall madly in bed w. yu ;) .
Well fine. You don't have to put up with me anymore I guess, if it's so burdensome... :(
Learn how the library is working to help researchers (that's you)! Plus sit in the new Kubrickian "collaboration pods"!
In a way.. you're mind, too.. #NBA!!! Thanks to #LeaguePass! LOL RT : Everybody has an addiction… mines happens to be you…
Gonna get off Twitter hopefully everything will get straightened out.
TRUTH Hurts---but DECEPTION Kills.
Had a great time attending/speaking at WIMA NFC USA last week. It was a pleasure to meet all of you. Look forward to your tweets!
this is a lose lose for me, hate both teams.
Love waking up late but having a bike to get to class on time!
I can find out for you.... Hahahah
#AWD My favorite tips: MacFreedom, WriteorDie, and a concrete reward system
its on here (: hehe . heey guys !
Volkswagen Group Sales India made official importer of Porsche
Bristol Palin says Glee is bad for America. Now that's the funniest thing I've heard in a while!
#Nw , harry potter series
All Month Long Whiskey Bar is featuring $100 Bottles of Hangar One Vodka on Friday Nights! Call and make your reservation today!
It is fucking incredible how much shit we've accumulated in this house over the past 8 years.
Watch party tonight, flying out tomorrow, excited!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!!
Lol, it's been lovelyRT : Whhaats up everyone! Hope that u have a great day! Mine started off good! Getting high on life baby! Chea!
"vnoiwnsvoirnw singing next" *claps* "JUSTIN BIEBER IS HERE" *Screams*
done editing pics, now am ready to upload
I wasn't even planning on watching this season... I'm glad I tuned in just in time to catch Grandma.
I'm sure this tweet would make more sense to me if I had payed any attention in Physics today lol
(They considered having an IP panel, but decided it was "too weedy" even for the Rayburn House.)
"u gotta love the hoes though
Reinforces the racism of the 18th century when public ed began in this country. Agreed
Hey - where is 97 mins on Pinterest from? Google reports them @ about 16.4 minutes.
Would love to see you and 'Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power, Prosperity, and Poverty' author Daron Acemoglu on
Wait- DID MURPHY MEAN TO BUNT??! WHY?!! that was awful MURPH! but
bulls bitch
searching for a HR Manager #Arizona # Food # Manufacturing #Warehouse AND a Maintenance Manager (multi-locations)
TGIF! I luv me my fridays!!!
great meeting you in the visualization workshop today.
Barbie is jealous of me
just now seeing this but i gotta say that was one helluva night!
Better to carry a camera than a gun in Czech military service.
Hope you are having a good day, Happy Easter. We are following back.
awesome! I'll be there in about 15.
SUCCESS! Long awaited long over due! I could get used to this.
that's terrible. Any chance you can just hold that ticket for later and book a different flight? How important is the wedding?
Kill them with kindness :)
wow, i had no idea. | RT : #Suicide is now top 10 leading causes of death in the US
when i say "I won't tell anyone" ..that doesn't include my best friend.
Well this one is from the archives (literally).
thanks guys!
Lets KILL it at the MasqueRAGE show on the 28th!!! Cover is only $10 (or $8 with a flyer!) AND girls get in for FREE if you wear a corset!
That's a full day. That's a heck of a day
who wants to make a fan video for austin to show how much we love him ? :) MAYBE if i get enough people i will make one :)
Yes please! RT : Wistful wishes for a wonderful #WineWednesday :)
No! God did not create mold to infest classrooms! It must be aliens growing there. Oh wait! Did god create aliens? Good luck!
that's too kind of you batter batter!
Only if you wear a matching fedora and there are pictures. Make it happen.
You have a great weim rescue in your state! They helped us place plenty from louisville to cincy.
That moment when you're taking a shower and the power and water go out.
have a good game Frat! Happy Founder's Day!
Editors didn't quite agree on categories, so we looked singly at the black press.
You could film them. Usually they'll quietly walk away.
oh, they're gonna love you!
MAHOMIE VIDEO! TWEET ME A PIC OF U HOLDING A SIGN THAT SAYS 'I love you Austin' OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT AND ILL USE IT! :D Need more Mahomies
Congrats to #RedEye on 1000 shows! The best reason to have a DVR. And if you disagree with me, you're a racing homophone!
Fact: Carbonated soft drinks are highly acidic and among the most acidifying items found on supermarket shelves.
I need someone to take my mind off things.
wait, these ain't freebies were talkin bout, are they? My bad man. I am looking to grab some zoogma tix if those are printed
brought it!
"why is the internet so hard to regulate? It's just a bunch of post-it notes in cyberspace." - speaker at conference
Looks like you have a stage 5 clinger!
ChaLean Extreme, particularly the burn intervals, just kicked my butt! If looking for GREAT workout to burn some serious fat, check it out!
u laughed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
- in this case, thank you.
And Social Capital boosts your investment in Human Capital -- it is the difference maker!
WTF they closed Seau's restaurant?! :(
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 4, Northwest Christian 1. CR sweeps singles matches, claim first doubles.
I KNOW :P
: Wow--thanks. They're south of Tokyo, but I think they should be okay, but I know it's chaos right now.
that's good and I'm good to thanks for asking :)
RT : Great resources with solid content #FF --Thanks, Will!
Yes folks on Tuesday audition for The Box new york
it's about time! RT : Prop 8 declared unconstitutional!!
you at #dh11? Me too! Coffee break?
i have a story, if i cared i would ask yours, if you were more interested in yours you wouldn't be worried about mine.
Maxi bins come in six sizes and five different colours. They can be stacked, hung off louvred panels
best mariquitas (plantain chips) & even tho im from philly the steak sandwich (pan con bistec) is on point. super cute hostess 2
#ohwell #lame I'm having an 80's flashback
the coolest idiots anyone knows
Jus leaving "The Green Hornet", more entertaining than I expected with the horrible reviews it has been getting.
That awkward moment when you dad thinks you date every guy you make contact with....
Good job spending time with children: movie & tv! It's a different money in the bank...
Ordered my copy after the simulcast, can't wait for it to come, look forward to Dave's thoughts
ah! Jealous! Didn't know the Cavs were in town
You #Rock Zee! Can't wait to see you at the next #Beantown #Event . Are you going to the #BostonInternationalFilmFestival ?
Possibly interested. Email me at for my mailing address & my comments. Tx for asking! Good luck.
Have a great weekend, Kirk! RT :
so you're like, two stepping into the office and doing stage dives off of desks and shit?
oh kim jaejoong you are a beautiful human being but your face is so fake it hurts
Thanks for the Twitter love and ! We can see why you are among the top tweeters in town!
So excited for you!
": Everybody is not a boss, some people are skilled workers"
Remind me next time im working a funeral not to drink til 2am.
If anyone knows anyone at Square well, I would love an introduction. Guess Middleworks is taking in more money than they can handle!
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave.
Our $5 margaritas are sure to get you through the rest of the week! #Wednesday special!
We finally found a printer for our anthology! As Penny Lane would say, it's all happening.
heading to the Westboro for a Staples department lunch. Shall I tell them their signage is a little weak? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
If you went to the IB social, you're a loser! The Avengers!!!
This flight was looking good until the let on group 3
day one of alpha brain!
Glad you're feeling better, and I hope you won the pillowfight
Ever heard "if something is worth doing, it's worth doing badly"? Paralysis by analysis feels like trying to prepare for unknown
why are parents just so annoying all the darn time? Why?
suck my cockiness, lick a bitch pussuation, M RO'n them hoez
“: ZERO - The Neilson Rating for #espn #sportscenter in Boston today.” Phantom Gourmet, country videos, cheerleading competition.
Thanks! Happy Hump Day
Thank you Kim! I was looking at them and I like... :)
Fuck you then
We had a show 2 weeks ago and another one this Saturday at Soma. :)
Finishing the design and uploading content to the new website with up in #tahoe. Looking forward getting done
yyyeesss!!!! I love the beginning of your reel. Very creative. I'm part pinoy. My father rather me act in the phillipines haha
Found a long strand of gray hair!
Dear lord Bobbie V really wants to get canned before the All-Star break.
heard about your PHAT date last night
thanku Chris! Kill it ;))
Good luck & knock 'em dead! Good choice for speaker on their part.
thirsty thursday cannot come soon enough!
Birds sing after a storm, why shouldn't we?
That would be EXCELLENT! Email to talk to our Tour Manager!
um yes please!!!!! No more flodging ;)
Omnipotence vs. omniscience. Discuss.
You can be my wingman any day.
the admin turned out to be really articulate in advocating for the clerk position to people who held the $$$ at county lvl
hey guys plz follow me and i will follow back
Anybody hoopin today?
3 hours of sleep last night... just sucked down a venti mocha in hopes that I can survive the day!
Looking for good #books to #read? Check out
I was told ya have to go through hell to get the big things.
Any members going to this year? We want to know about the Baltimore JavaScripter contingent!
Identify the key areas in your company where a sense of urgency is important, and show it to your prospects and customers daily.
Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feelin' hella cool tonight, yeah
That's right Indiana pacers let those clippers know how we riding around and we dunking it lol go pacers !!!!!
Mexican food with the family tonight, shirtless on stage on friday.. Maybe a bad combination?
Finish a business plan I'm working on. You tweeps? RT : what's your goal for tomorrow?
Turns out that lucosade is a great hangover cure
Met #thekingscollege president Dinensh D'Souza and am now more excited then ever for fall 2011!
Won every pot I played since came to our table. This guy sure can deal!
I can't believe he has not been fired either. Why are you moving to Nashville?
Come on 3 o clock... And come on Sept 30th
I fight like Jason Stathem...so don't mess with me
Nickyballz11. Fag Much. Gay Much.
I need those tips also... Interested in training together?
Toured the San Bruno (CA) National Archives on Saturday, with the APG. Been going to that facility for years, had no idea it's so massive.
if i could call just to check on ya i would sometimes a voice in my head tells me i should and really i wish i could
Painter of light meets the one at the end of the tunnel.
1c flour, 1c beer of your choice, 1 egg, whisk together lightly, duck cold curds in, fry in hot oil. Salt. Share and enjoy!
Did you get it?
Hey Alex <3
I love that song climax by usher <3
I thought it was the clouds or the stars at night (:
Shooting an interview for with tomorrow - who's comin' down to House of Blues?? Gonna be a crazy show!
movie and party day in bible, yeah
lmao! ill never forget any of my fans. n its at jammin java. im gonna send u my # on FB. txt me when u can
need to start over fresh. Need to set twitter aside for my wife and family for now
She said be ready in 15 to go get something to eat..I said easy..I keep flawlessness on deck..
I will pass the word on when I see him.
never been, but have heard. i'll have to check that one out sooner than later, I guess..
had an enjoyable visit with Katie Baldwin of the George Eastman House to talk about our Naz intern who is finishing up her semester there.
Titanic "the ship of dreams"
Cornelius Tacitus~ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
I hope everyone had a relaxing holiday weekend, and got the chance to eat way too much food!
and the guy with no legs and the lady with no fingertips lol
“: Who's the biggest 100 mil bust? Bosh, Amare, or Joe Johnson?”gotta be amare ... He make 100 mil and his braids look like that
And sometimes you fix the patch by remote during the run.
#3words I am Awesome. =)
good to know you're concentrating on your studies
Shout out to everyone with soft toilet paper in the crib
the fat brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Justin Meet Lisa
Olbermann: "I'd like to apologize to my viewers and my staff for the failure of Current TV." Geez Keith. Geez. Keep burning rivers
Someday in my world, "I'll be there in 5 mins" will really mean just that.
hope u had a wonderful birthday, love u!
monday morning traffic <<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> ugh
They're in a better place now. Which may or may not be an In-N-Out with Niclas Wallin.
Following back ": #Nf "
lol Ikr! I wanna go there too! How soon tho... Im off Friday lol
In child development, it's so boring now....
Thanks. I'm just here for work, but I live in Anchorage. It is really pretty here!
“: What makes me mad about this whole Penn State thing is we should be honoring Joe Frazier!” // Amen to that Nick!!
Hoes been actin funny so im fukin wit my newest bitch
Just read: Nearly 75% of big companies plan to boost ad spending well before recession ends; 43% 3mo. before, 30% 6m. before. WooHooo
haven't posted a #DWTS tweet in awhile, so have to say last night's Motown theme was great. Temptations, Smokey, soul, rhythm & exuberance!
ah u can install siri on the new jailbreak they have for the iphone 4.... booyah
Anxious to see where Payton goes..
Alderwood mall this weekend with the besties :)
I am one of the mighty three and I am dying. Yep.
Stoked for it bro! RT Art Dealer Chic
resisting the urge to do a truth is status on facebook i tend to do them alot when i'm bored which is all the time& then i wanna kill myself
": Wud having a former porn actress 4 a teacher be 2 distracting 4 students?" More likely that it wud b 2 distracting 4 the parents.
seriously doe..im grindin!!no lien!!
When someone thinks crocs are cool..haha
wwaaaiiit were you at q102 jingle ball ?!?!
And they wonder why I never effin come to these things.
"I would anticipate it being a sell out later this week. The theater’s new acoustics & your sound will make an incredible show."
It aint nun but a booboo to a BooBoo ;)
love the "around the house" art seen and reported on
It was so windy today.. not even a case of hairspray would of helped...Isn't the wind blown..the sexy look..I just turned&pivoted all day !
"Jerry, go to the doctor. You might have a murinary tract infection."
The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more.
Dang still at school brrr its cold ;(
Hey Tenay! Did you still need help with travel to Miami?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter
didnt what? Haha I ment like my Twitter account keeps unfollowing not people unfollowed me(x
You're still in the States, aren't you?
Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.
it's to funny'!
thank you for following! :):)
nothing like a good workout to start off the day
Did you get to the Lost section yet? So many tears. I loved that book.
Grizzlies! My hometown!!
Beverly D'Angelo, whose work includes National Lampoon's Vacation & HBO's Entourage, grew up in UA. Look for her in our upcoming yearbooks.
NO #SOPA THINK ABOUT WHO ELSE IT EFFECTS #LandOfTheFree RESERVE OUR #FreedomOfSpeech I dont wanna be like china!
Someone please tell me why the 101N is a parking lot on a SATURDAY! Why?! WHY?!
I know! She's home and healthy! :D
#altacadvice Terminal M.A. doesn't equal failed Ph.D. Sometimes the M.A. will land you your dream job years earlier.
Doubtful, but surely the #USMNT fans of Florida can fill up the new sobrero for the Yanks?
Will do! We had a "maybe" for a gig in April, but my brother is going to be able to fly back to town for that one. Holla!
SAY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOUR MUM AGAIN LOU
nice looking forward to ur picks bro!!
yeah, if that's what's easiest for y'all(:
Dear Pinterest, you're getting to be worse than Twitter when you're overloaded. You need to quit with the #fail, please. ~Kari
Who at klusoz tonight?
Coming soon to a regional suburban Cleveland theater near you!
Parking Lot in the app store. Pretty good game.
really enjoyed participating in #swhnl this weekend, working with & on , and getting 2nd prize :)
Gr8 news. tell him Hi for me.
Your welcome! Follow me back!
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just you're average joe
I think they dress Kerry in Anne Klein suits... My favorite suits for work! :)
#Nice! Xo RT : Getting id'd for smokes when you're 30!!!
The lunatics..er..Wikipedians..have taken over the asylum.
#AustinFanVideo Mahomies, please help me out and send in a picture for this video! <U+2665>
Queens Public Library is suppose to be having a rally soon.. and their page is down again.
Nice to meet you too John. :)
Want to talk to a current student b4 submitting ur app on Jan 15?Log on to our online chat tomorrow, Jan 4 at 8pm. More info on the website!
LinkedIn considers "Twitter" a "skill". Not sure if that means knowing how to use Twitter period or knowing how to use it effectively.
how you are you doing sir? Any good pics of Bylsma I could use? Doing a post about him now. Let me know please
Finished six flags in lake george...well over 100 degrees...still had a great time and loved every minute
Keep your clothes on if you're birthday suit is more Sears than Armani.
#IUsedToWonder how everything is everything else. I still wonder that.
Q: What is the role of stories and music in building peace and making social change?
just google them + you have the yellow packet you got:p
“: Hello my friends enjoying my weekend !!!!” I hope it is a relaxing one.
i just want to know. Did you ever loved me? or did you tell me what you told every other girl
So damn excited im about to pay off two major bills, ballin!
Ok even tho i havnt said anything negative about u its cool
We LOVE our ILL system and people -- and makes everything so easy :)
No no -- Felicidades, GREG!
your such a bitch.
Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Lord, please give me comfort and hope. I need some.
apparently I've had Draw Something for a while but just now got it set up....looks like we need to be FB friends to play(?)
...our tender feelings through tenderness towards him and affection for Miss Hale, so everyone knows we aren't gay.
Pattie must be so proud #turntoyou is an amazing song and your such a sweet son! This is why such an amazing person!
that's because he is an asshole.
#ThankYouCody for coming to the U.S. and showing uss that age doesn't matter when following your dreams.
Anyone doing anything to celebrate Mardi Gras today?
So with Gamel done why not put Hart at first let Aoki/Morgan platoon RF and Gomez/Aoli platoon CF?
Though i don't fear death - i believe it's just a bogeyman threshold to a MUCH HIGHER LIFE ; there's a primal fear that overtakes u at the
PHD. MT:: getting an honorary degree from Berkley School of Music. Doctor Walsh! or Joe Walsh, PhD- which one sounds better?
that may be true
I hope Colton's cocky ass goes home...
I'm writing again. I'm singing again. Guitar, you are mine.
I may be smiling in the pic but I was NOT happy!! :(
this why your awesome....you care: )X
One online job app a day keeps the stress away
Great job by my Moore High School Mustangs with the runner up KY LIT finish!!
Panda for the 3rd time since its been open
I love a good chicken nug
I think was just joking around, but it didn't translate on twitter.
more crap to move? Bring on the beer
not gonna lie . i hate that this bitch follows me on twitter . smfh . i bet she reads ALL my tweets -.- on the real
what age was your toddler when you changed from a crib to a toddler bed?
u don't think he can rap?
So much cool stuff headed your way. So. much. cool. stuff. headed. your. way. SO MUCH COOL STUFF HEADED YOUR WAY.
#thingsweallhate a dead beat daddy, a mom das not on her grown woman sht & of course ppl who cnt keep it 100
LOL HI YOU BIG OL DOUCHE CANOE.
Finishing school work at the last minute for class tomorrow, aahh.
#houston Online glitches disappoint U.S. shoppers Jolly customers have assailed online stores in search of the perfect Christmas pr
- pls follow so I can DM you our press contact
Calling it now - Matthew Weiner is rebooting Gilmore Girls.
#ACMs congrats blake! Lucky u got urs from taylor! Shes too cute:)
Nostalgic The video is tame by 2012 standards
Last chance. Let's go #Yankees!!
Interested in ebook service pay-per-use, but link didn't work! Do U mind retweeting?
#Irene "Don't wait. Don't delay. We all hope for the best, but we have to be prepared for the worst," the President said.
old rap songs>
Don't miss the first sex trivia of 2011! Great prizes from and and hosted by starts at 9!
location, location.
omg you're perfect ;-)
Wow. Tell me you just watched that performance of 99 problems on
Don't want my uncle to die...I hardly see him...y does he have to live in las vegas...y does he have to have cancer in his liver...
I prefer c) all of the above. RT : wait a week, I'll join. //
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips If you have a nice bike you'd like to keep, don't ride it so slow through the hood!
The better question is....when are you coming back to New York?
getting it later waiting for the MacBook pros to come out next month
follow me!!
What does saying "seasons greetings" to someone even mean? Are you already in the season and welcoming/ greeting them into it? <U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084>
What time is it on? I only watch reruns...
Reading of the first and second sleep gives me a kindred feeling with the 17th C.
I hate always being two years behind the current music scene.
watch free videos on YouTube with your Nokia s40, 4 more info contact me...
that moment when u r at the doctor n ur inernet fails n u cant get on twitter or Facebook n u dont have games n u have nada to do :-)
Is Drake in his wheelchair?
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
I live like3 blocks away from there bro
My ankle is raw and bloody...shoulda grabbed a bandaid... #oops :/
Gonna make it a movie night. I am thinking The Odds is a good pick.
: Thank you ..:) You' re a great photographer
If I had one shit lol.. tommy n them smoked the little I had left.. Ill smoke yu out or match yu sometime this week
when I high school boyfriend caught me looking at a girls butt
the new Beach House album is seriously making my summer
Following Michael!
Dont judge me. ||
Depends. Are you trying to save money or to look stylish during Jason Bourne-style chase scenes?
My msn if you want contact me.
hum i got a crush on #oomf he is so freakin fine ;)
thanks for the blog love from the crew for the article on this Saturdays event
I'm sick of my mothers attitude and her complaints she really needs ta shut fuck up she forgets this is not her place ops receive it
All my friends are out and I'm here, studying in bed.
It's rough sometimes.....
I'm really glad you "Like" the music! Another single is on it's way this week. you're a powerful musician and ...
I'd love too but I have a bday party tonight
Justin Bieber <33333
I'm catching up on my Tweet receipts! I'll check and let you know.
unless of course the sandwiches were remarkable
TONIGHT join me at Cinema Paradiso at 6:30pm to see Forks Over Knives on the big screen and also a vegan cooking lesson! Grab something...
Glad she's recuperating. MT : Thank you for your prayers & concern.I was hospitalized for 3 days and am recuperating at home.
2-year-old girl in found alone in an Indiana field and in critical condition is the ONLY survivor from her family in yesterday's tornado.
(iced coffee rescue!) Have no fear, frapachino is here! Here I come to save the day!
Me too. I improve my english with a software called Word List Expert. It list all words from any text.
Put up 235 today twice lol, that's my new max. I got work to do!
Awh(: good baby I LOVE YOU BABY(: I going to be sleeping good to(:
you never know my nig lol
theres no recollection of the evil things ive done man I mustve had some fun!!
Lineup for private show includes MB,BeachBoys, Santana,ChrisBrown,RobbieWilliams,StevieWonder,BrunoMars,plus secret guest,dam that some $$$$
Thanks and for inviting me to your AWESOME sweet 16 party!!! I had a blast!!! Happy Birthday!!! :)
I'll never understand how Einstein found a way to multiply letters.
please contact me at your earliest convenience , I would like to help get this issue fixed
yeah!!! i'm about to change it now
you're so cool! You're totally gonna be famous.
When you have a day at work where you feel like Peggy (after Don takes her down a peg or two) you need to go where you feel awesome....
basking in the rays of an invisible sun, and growing.
There's been talk of Moodle here, but there aren't plans to change anytime soon. I'm curious of other's experiences, though.
MVP who? Lol ": Lebron is not clutch he MISSED 2 free throws such a punk move"
Good luck today
Comedian Lil Duval to tickle Funny Bone
#FF Amazing Art Partners
how did that happen? lol
got my hair done :)<333 idkk how imaaa sleep.!
Cool! I'll be in Vic from the 7-11 of June. If you're still in town we should go for a run :)
Good one Zack. When's next time you back here at Golds Venice?
We're making lives when we really should be making love.
I'm awake!
Damnit, I missed them. See you next week, lovely
Yes you DO!
:) Okay, good. I'll tweet you if I win the lottery!
Im joining a boxing gym i want to fight in tournaments
Anyone at #iheartradio tonight?
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Absorbing a scientific theory based on quantum physics, reconciling religious concepts like soul, Resurrection, purgatory and reincarnation.
Kirwan: IT department sought other funding in the 2007 bond bill that didn’t appear related to bond deauthorization.
call my phone
Jaden Smith is soo cute when he was little !. Love the afro :)
"bob's your uncle" is my favorite!! it means not at all what you'd think!! hahaa
Get well soon, Christine!
Those long texts you send me >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
jumping up and down right now... I never thought I could do better than a B in developmental and my final grade will be an A-
UK Football Fan regrets number 2: Man City fan got tattoo of Wayne Rooney's face on rumour Man Utd striker was switching Manchester teams!
I LOVE Queen Amidale!
Practicing for me and Abby's duet for the concert!! We're sounding amazing!! ((:
Don't you hate that? I get so mad when people try to prove a point yet they have no sense of grammar.
Getting ready to watch Our Idiot Brother.. hope it's a goodin'.
i just got done watching all of the videos and i like love him so much my feriend wrote on my hand today bout u
Going on a hiatus for a few days!
Saw The Lucky One. Zac Efron is quite handsome if I do say so myself.
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host an event, anyone interested??
That should be a fun episode. I'll be giddy if some vague Heroes reference comes up haha.
Walsh's 42-yd try is no good! Georgia wastes a down. The game continues. Incredible.
MT : Come check out a great show this weekend! The Tappenstance show I'll be tapping a brand new solo piece of choreography.
I gotta hustle to get what I need, you lazy ass bytches stayin home all day smokin weed
go to settings on your defense and put steals all the way to 100. It'll get boring, you'll win by 100..
Huge shootout win vs Bonny Eagle
One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously
M Belgian chocolate toffee coffeemate. Thanks , pretty nummy. Not for every cup cuz it's rich but yum!
Have been poeting a lot about changes and moving forward. My muse is trying to tell me something. But will I listen?
No matter how hard it gets and no matter how hard we try .....we haven't finished yet...were just beginning In my (5 heartbeats voice)
a cold wipe would feel good on your butt in the summer time I'm guessing.
GradeSim now up and running on FB and Twitter...
so true, there are no selfless acts, the payback from helping someone in need can't be matched by material gain.
All most out this dorm for good.
Im gettin fucked up today!! Dont hold me accountable for nothin I do...or say
Saturday, April 28 law enforcement agencies will team up to take all your unused prescription drugs. This is a great way to get rid of...
I love when brittany snuggles wooshy after a commercial about animal cruelty.
I love u!!! When are you coming to Chicago?
I love the way Starks is running the ball.
my recent Book, "Turtle In Paradise" is still one of the top borrowed books again this week!
Running late sitting in this damn NON Bmore traffic
I can't believe I slept on #ChildishGambino for so long! Wtf!
I really wish Emma would wake up and start seeing that the curse is real!
No shows til Fall, my choice since fibromyalgia makes Summer rough for me, so I'm unloading my display pieces & pulling millefiori for Etsy.
or someone was in your pants.
Omg wtf, I hope she didn't.
That was the funniest thing ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
hi! Where have you been hiding!?
I love listening to Joe Castiglione call home runs.
Bitches goin to the club with grills in their mouth? O_O
I love you. # youareamazing!
In the U.S. during the past 25 years 80% of all new income went to the top 1% of the population.
Brazile is a tweetaholic cuz it connects her to her students and young people.
Singing.Come Holy Spirit n this temple fill it wth glory Your glory and I can c th Lord, He's is seated on His throne #Lady Krystina Harvey
slow is a good speed. All about moving forward.
Somewhere. I'll send them your way this week.
Guys at the lakers game with a new York hat on and jersey! Fag
Good Afternoon Everyone the sun is starting to break from the clouds :) im still drinking coffee lol
yes! Thanks! :)
(We love baseball!) RT : Also thank you to KB Homes for sponsoring NSB Cudas Baseball!
Where are you from?
“: hot dog song” badger swagger
I am doing two hands on workshops at #gaetc one on Prezi and the other on PHP apps like WordPress.
Sounds great! Done and done!
Hugo, the movie... +1
I'm not sure how many people are going.
My dear friends on the east coast...please let me know you are ok...keep me updated! :) BE SAFE!!!
laying down & texting. Lol.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.
If you know a married couple get them to Church this Sunday for our last week of Love Life Rehab!!
not yet! when I get more $$
#MeAndYouCantDate....um I believe it should be you and I can't date... HhhaaaH(:
Wrote a poem yesterday for the writersdigest chapbook challenge...yeah baby I'm so proud of me
ikr i cant wait to have his ass too!
WE HAVE A HASHTAG, people. It's serious. pre-
aww u had to do was tweet me lol ;)
We are in theory homebrewers, although we haven't brewed in a while. I always used to wonder what to do with spent grains.
ew, school. but hey, at least it's FRIIIDAAAAY. :).
Newark DNP Parking committee meeting under way.
Good point! I guess they contribute in a small way :-)
I want to meet u
Yeah, Washington Dc & New York City. We go for a week to both. But i'm not sure if I'm going. :'c
Fantastic news! All the other diners will be so jealous when a BabyCakes cake shows up!
Eating Kentucky Fried Chicken... In Kentucky. How cool!
Win or Lose I'm getting laid either way! So basically even if I lose I win
no prob. nothing is dumb when hurts someone! i really think sometimes i have some dumb reasons to be upset... anyway, why?
Thanks, I will check it out! (Been awhile since I saw the movie).
Tonight, I rubbed the shoulders of the bass player from Cake. Never been less excited about a celebrity encounter.
HELP THOSE WHOM NEED OUT HELP IN HAITI - Text HAITI to 90999 right now. TheAmericanRedCross. - musicbizTODAY
Ya my NLCS champ prediction was so wrong. Rangers will whoop the Cards with out a doubt
No seriously, you really DO give love a bad name!
ah, we wish! working all weekend on finishing up monday's issue. rain check!
you know what O_o but are you really considering a yummy tat? :popcorn:
dude i would mountain dew you forever x') ahaha if i ever got that shirt lol
thx for advice! I hate to walk away from good cust srv (she even gave me her cell phone) but I do have a budget.
Really? I had not heard, who confirmed that one? I knew it was a rumor but I kind of thought it was just that. :(
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience
On My Life!
You bet Reide. Let me know whenever I can help w your career. And congrats to dad on his election to the Intl. Hockey HOF.
get a life
Woops just saw your other tweet about 1o. That's fine I'm gonna take a nap anyway. I'm up 2 late reading
Rangers and veal parm wit ziti for a birthday dinner = so much win
For a while now you have been the "Bane" of my existence. Where is my Dark Knight and salvation?
Anarchy, My Dear.
Baby's in Florida, and I'm stuck here in boring ass Maine! D;
Josh Hamilton baby!!!
im off school tomarrow and friday, and i have basketball practice for the next 3 days!(: what are YOU doing this weekend?<3
I'm totally camped out on my back porch. Puppy curled up next to me.
Should I go see that Charlotte Gainsbourg biopic or Date Night 3D this friday? Decisions...decisions...
Foggy Mountain Breakdown. Next Ray of Light by Madonna then Let Forever Be by Chemical Brothers. Maybe then Peaches en Regalia by Zappa.
hey, i'm from belgium, living here in L.A. So fun to meat new people. How are u ?
Oh yeah, when I lived in Rhode Island McLobster was standard :)
It's a good day for and the Garden State: new dates announced and runs into a burning building
NOBODY can hold me back from my dreams
My mom said I should appologize. Im sorry that your so ugly, have no friends, are so bitter, so narsasistic, and have no one on your side.
#Man jailed for driving car at referee in European Soccer game
Just wait ... & that "Someone" will come to You (: , Dont Rush it ..
can i be yours forever?
Singing of / clapping during the national anthem = best part of the Blackhawks game
I better get my ass in gear if I'm gonna get anything done before #thebachelorette comes on tonight
Looks great as it's a cousin to the hot dog. haha
did a man rank that? Other rankings say a college educated minority woman in Md most likely to die in childbirth.
haha like if he was so so "hot" xD jk
Want to stay up to date with the latest herbal information? Follow our Twitter feed today!
I want to download and archive my current data. Is there a simple option to make that possible? Search is limited.
and getting some love from at
did I see Michael Redd on the bench in street clothes? Did we re-sign him?
Just found out one of our customers has filed for bankruptcy and we will be out $10K. Assholes.
All I have to say about #NCIS #TillDeathDoUsPart is Omg I'm still hawking my eyes out and now we have to wait three months
Catch RADIO MEMPHIS on GOOD MORNING MEMPHIS FOX 13 while we hang with TOM DEES on Friday morning AUG 12th!! JOIN the REVOLUTION!!!
