big things in the works
FREE PUBLIC READING 3/27. Delightful play about one couple's relationship through time through their daughter's life. Hope to see you there.
It's the punishment for using Windows Phone crap. Confess and ask for mercy, then you'll get the carrier ;-)
RT : THE BEARD LIVES!!!!!! ON TO THE EASTERN CONFERENCE MOTHERFUCKING FINALS BABY LET'S FUCKING GO RANGERS!!!!!!!
Currently my broken foot is attending university events in hiking-type sandals. Comfortable, but not so smart-looking. Sigh.
Last shot at this week's #TuesdayThrowdown: What's the best reason for the NBA lockout to end? Winner gets credit!
My condolences to Kim Stratton on the loss of her brother... We love you and are praying with you and your family.
I'm trying to put a band together.
Thanks for telling me I now follow him
Congrats on the win tonight against Portland ...you guys have a safe trip back to H-Town
Surfed for 6 hours until it got too small and crowded. Success!
I hate it when there's ice cream in the house, because then I have to eat it
south beach tow is a great show
PopPunkWayo Fest is comin' up fast! Who are we gonna see in the Windy City the 14th of April!?
You aint bad cuz you tatted !
Another day another dollar<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Frank Vogel the #HEAT are gonna get your ass fired after all the fuel you gave them
alright I'll text him
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine.
What did you recommend?
I'm a fuck up.
- Somebody put a lovespell on me. Just can't seem to shake it off. I'll stand by you. Now and always. 00XX
We have a show coming up on August 19th at Kimbro's in Franklin! Come check us out and check out our music first at www.keycommittee.com
and i would love to know how you came to you preconceived and misguided notion....
your so RIGHT like always...your my YODA fa real :)
Triple retweet. Bacon
Yess!! RT : A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate.
I want one!! Jk I'm not greedy :)
He can work with trainers though.
Game 7 hockey tonight. The Sports Freak said San Jose always chokes - they were up 3-0 and now its tied 3-3. You know who he has winning
Thanks for the follow from one fellow Deadhead to another!
Thanks for following!!
"Golden slumbers fill your eyes. Smiles awake you when you rise." ::the beatles::golden slumbers::
Have you ever stole food from your work kitchen?
Post production magic is happening.
I dreamed about you Sia. wow how random!
1) Landing Pages – One great thing about the HubSpot software is that users can crank out a landing page with just a few clicks of a button
Cranberry juice
there was some "decent" talent on the court for that 4a #iahsbb champ game in '10
Monday mornings are always much better after a #Redskins victory.
Couldn’t say we blame you! RT: Think I'm addicted to Sunbelt's granola bars
dat taco bell was gud but im still hungry i have a huge appetite today,,,
Si4S "sleep is for suckers" I take that back, I'm going to bed.
30 minute commute ... Perfect! Note to self: Get on one stop earlier to snag a seat
Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend - those that have really big plans be safe - Enjoy the Weekend - Monday look for your Memorial Day Gift
My life ain't easy but aye give me props I make it look easy
i just wanna be happy
I do not hear a similarity either. Like Colton, but think he needs to work on his technigue. Has tension.
Bad as hell !!!RT : you going to jail <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093> lmao “: Locked his ass in the closet ! Bad ass !”
And considering we #entreprenuers don't get nearly enough thank yous this is especially a great tip!! Going to do it right now!
great lens. Assuming you have a wide angle already (kit)? The 50mm is really difficult to vlog with.
Don't choose a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Choose wisely.
touts his jobs and education plans. Says it's going to take someone new that has demonstrated leadership
Daddy started tearing up, his baby is leaving for awhile he isnt used to it. I love you Daddy!(:
Hope it goes well!
This is wonderful: Senator is so comically terrible at Twitter it's funnier than your favorite parody account RT :
I dislike stupidity.
Thanks for the follow Niall
ok u got regular facebook
well goodnight! its almost 1am and I have school tomorrow. okay goodnight!
white people? dont' you mean the government?
The sky is so pretty tonight...
Eli Manning gets away with more bonehead throws off his back foot.
Proud to see Jani-King logo on Penske partner sheet this morning. Excited to discuss B2B opportunities with #PenskePartners!
Met some neighbors ... We Finna smoke #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>Match
Its the last day of #NCSC and the rain is coming down while we board buses to go show our support for Georgia charter school children!
Team Setsy Can I. Volleyball. Tonight. We'll bring our magic to the sand volleyball court. Or at least our solid effort and enthusiasm.
Beautiful day out.Love my outfit. Good Mood. Hopefully no dumb ass ruins it.
Happy Birthday shout out to Good show tonight, brother!
# Register to vote in November and go vote
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results - MarketWatch (press release)
So thankful for even though we fight like no other. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Racier costumes are ideal to wear for adults-only Halloween parties
How did Bilderberg first get exposed? | TheCandidBull
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>your retarded! RT : iRemember playin hide n seek when iWas younger. I was OSAMA BIN LADEN on a scale from 1-Osama! lol
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
#filming tomorrow with #epic time
same here
It was very necessary that I should know how many prongs that toothhad
Yes, we are a wild and crazy group! Lol!
just bought GOW 2 today, man I can't wait till 3 comes out
THAT IS IMAGE CONTROL
I already have to pay for food on flight now you rant me to pay to watch a movie? I might just gave to switch to
I'm the new bad character.
jazzy adjective jazzy music has a strong lively beat, like jazz
When I follow u bitch, i expect u to follow back. >_<
I'm still trying ti get mine together I just need a red hat, and overalls
One more hour. Ugh.
Great Review!
That one feeling one of your closest friends hates you /:
lmao she NEEDS to go back to blcc this year
Deviled ham.... Yummy!
Happy Monday! How was your Sunday Funday?
I take it my boyfriend is drunk..... that explains it.
heard you take it up the ass like your daddy
LOL! : " Stop it, you're scaring the kittens! ;-)"
u should check out pghtechevents.com ... lots of good networking events!
Finally got to sleep n
catch you all in three hours PST #DowntonPBS Enjoy!
Get to hang out with my baby sister today, Lets get crunk!!!!!!
Any assistant buyer position in the NW?
Auto repair shop finally fixed our 1991 Camry! Had car for a week. Break lights were out. They're geniuses.
I would love to! When exactly are you going
look at their eyes, they always seem to follow me.
Checking out #cavalia with the family tonight.
Working at booth at the Grove in Anaheim.
okay then
thanks for the follow. Check out our tools for student accountability for your growing school!
feli playing well? well that may save my friday..... :)
Latin...Latin active!
I know!! I'm now having a memorial Beastie Boys dance party in my office. Just finished "Sabotage." Now "So What'cha Want."
theyre comin i asked the lunch lady
no not today :( are u guys in the IE?
I never use it anymore though , I go on it maybe twice a week though . Lol I'm always on IG or fb now .
Packers Steelers....... Sound Good 2 me.....!
Fuck you bitch
mindless behavior will be at 106&park tuesday everyone tune in and show your love and support also GO VOTE RIGHT NOW FOR THEY VIDEO "HELLO"
I can't stay long cause I have a game :(
Looking forward to the NCAA Women's Lay up shooting contest tomorrow.
Love that 70% now means "double"
I call every nigga I fuck wit everyday. It hard to tell my nigga. Life real. And nigha play wit ya life. But in the end they suffer
A pleasure! Sorry if I seemed loopy, too! Elvis glasses & two Black Label's will do that to a fella.
I give up
finally I'm tagged!! Assholes->
the Latin chicks aren't better than MM:)
Empire Avenue is the Farmville of Twitter
Well, you're getting there! But... wait... then you won't be king anymore! This is a tough decision.
Heck yeah we are!!! RT Small PR agency of the year winner is...Catalyst Public Relations.
Spin the bottle is way more appropriate when played with non-family members, but it's not as exciting.
Getting ready for bed, had a long day. Congrats shellby =)
So I'm pretty sure the Zombie Apocalypse is upon us, because all night for the past few hours sirens have been blaring all around town.
but as far as ik you scared .
wow if thats the case I need two spots lol jk... funny shit
Thanks for the follow. Hope you enjoyed the strip.
Wait 20 years, gain about 50 more pounds, and there's a TNA contract with your name on it.
I will be presenting "How to Protect Your Business in a Litigious Society" tomorrow at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council.
I blame the chick that was swaying behind me last night. I wonder how her head feels today.
I would be the same way if my job was different haha
yup those!
Ross: hardware modders as community might not appear to be representative public, but showing the means of production matters
Hewould throw a drowning man both ends of the rope just to see thelook on his face
Great presentation about user interaction, experience and the ipad, especially about The Evolution of the Daily at
Never underestimate the usefulness of a trusty geodude.
you gave some of the most powerful reaction - when you watch the story now, it feels so raw. Hope you are doing well!
Why can't I write any musik
i agree, but lead. and leg. wont give students more options-its clear the system, not teachers, are failing thousands of students
Thank You Heidi #gratitude RT : LOVE Float On!~So happy ur here in PDX.
what's up with my sites? for that matter, what's up with YOUR site?
Having a vocation is never wanting to take a vacation. #leadfromwithin Join the chat about it at 8pm 4/17
m... money money money... where? google ads. mypace music. play sports . getting off my ass.. well mentally :)
Smokin this Pineapple...thinking bout my next dollar
I don't like ASAP Rocky SO.
Aww, poor girl. Hollie looks like she wants to run off the stage
“: Thanks for following me:-)” NP lady :-)
Thank you Pete. I am very excited to be part of Futuro team. We will change the world!
it's too cute!!! Darren Criss was even cuter with his new hair xD
Thanks so much..
Cabin in the woods this weekend!
What a gorgeous day! Working with my laptop on the porch. Newsletter to come soon!
Such a great feeling... <3 It's clearly apparent because even my mom picked up on it.
No slice, just a hook! RT : gambling at Bushwood is illegal and Brian never slices
the link was messed up....thanks anyways...
Love those books, and really looking forward to "The Wind Through the Keyhole" next month!
Just looking at you makes me mad!
Flight delay swag.
drink all day fuck all night .. this dj blend shit is legit
Thanks for the RTs, ladies! Happy Friday.
#Linning enough said
Well, I think its up to us to assure not only our survival but animals as well, extinction is not an option in my eyes....
i here ya. but they have a great goalie. Lundquist is great. trust me. the devils wont take 4 strait. how was the philsgame
AU cancelled a class I was going to take called "DC and Voting Rights". That move explained so much more about DC voting than a class would.
I am extremely proud of my Mayor and Councilmembers for standing up for the rights of the residents of this city. Let's unite and join them.
Hey follOw me :)
Drove to Knoxville and back today to pick up a buddies 64 Chevy truck. Very tired.
Great Job! to RootsTech for an awesome conference, even for us that could not attend.
Red is the lucky color tonight as Scott County faces Trinity Shamrocks in the Sweet 16 title game --- even if it is St. Patrick's Day.
good luck Kei! u are the man!
I'm the Elvis of hip hop call me the king
I kid. I kid. <inside joke>
Larry Sanders held Russell Westbrook by his shoe after they both fell to the floor and were behind the play. Smooth move.
im done
I'm doing wonderful! Working in the non-profit world now, and I love it. I am actually doing Tim Ferris'
So yeah pretty much all my friends have a cold -.-
IPS school board voted 2 hire outside firm to investigate the bullying of Darnell "Dynasty" Young, gay student who brought stun gun 2 school
He's still a bitch
Nap time? I do believe so.
things are looking up oh finally. i never thought i'd see the day you smiled at me.
I think my account got hacked. Help! What should i do?
I hate I don't get it in HD. Haha
Back home after a trip to Ireland. Starting up the roaster...ah..
Steve Nash's two MVP trophies have now been devalued because LeBitch James won another MVP. The MVP is meaningless now.
This is great news. PS, I'm already booked to come to the workshop.
I had to follow you when I read your little bio.
Platonic friendship is all I want.
Love what you've done so far. How does the chain feel about this project or is it kept anonymous?
I feel totally famous now ;-)
I was in Texas all weekend singing at a gala, and a lady had on a FULL LENGTH mink...it was about 68 degrees! #Ican't
im literally cryin right now ahahahahahahahahahaha
“: 1 of my Dads best sayings "U wanna handle it or u want me 2? Cuz I don't think ull like how I handle it."” Real Dad's lingo
Happy mother's day to Once a hater of computers is now a social media addict!
Can't decide where I wanna get my make up done for prom...
Hey Tyler Good Afternoon ;) u really should consider following my twin sis & I :D That would be the coolest! <3
would that evolve into Words with More Than Friends?
If only to see the exploding heads, am i right?
RT : . invokes Thomas Jefferson -- the original thinker. Be a "participator" every day, not just election day.
I'm disappointed in you dog; you didn't hold it down at all
Where did you see Van Halen at?
i enjoyed your Clairet when I was in Entre-Deux-Mers, last week of September.
I like your stores but I miss you having competition from borders. I miss having a choice of local bookstores for tech books.
oh wow! I think you're right! You look beautiful btw!:)
Multiscreen=BigBizz RT NBC: Lots of cool new social tv products in the marketplace, but man is it exhausting to keep up with
(Hales Corners) Command at crash advised no extrication now, just a door needs to be popped
That might be the best Casey Anthony tweet so far.
finally sunny in washington <3
Cooking dinner for my wife..baked pork chops rice/w carrots..need another side yall..help! green beans or spinach?
follow me;)
Just watched a Bush beer commercial on tv. Who even drinks Bush. Love the long, but the beer?
Okay. I'm gonna try to go to sleep. It's been nice reconnecting with you all, and I'll be on more tomorrow! <3
Thank you to all of the MMA fans that tuned into the show!
I love those times where we have no school for like a week.
Early morning closing on a non #shortsale....life is good...
I thought VCs were refocusing on cost cutting technology in healthcare; but still surprised about apps, interesting but sad
not great. Even :(
when you see a mention and dont know what to say....hm how do i say it nicely?
I'm impressed with my first order! They fit really well, shipping was sooner than expected and price was on spot. Thank you!
Date night with my gorgeous wife at the Baltimore Concert Opera's La Cenerentola
Here at the Golden Nugget auctioning myself off for charity!
to get there as close to 6 as I can and talk to security about getting seats for me and my companion.
good, just got home from spending time at the casino with my momma. How are you?
Hii(: Rt if you're still up
Make sure if your going out this weekend you have a safe and reliable taxi to get home. We accept all major credit cards too!! 520-798-1111
THANK YOU JESUS. Omfg my life is complete.
My sisters gonna swim ! #SheCrazy !
Also because they're not getting their $$$ worth with #Pujols? And it may or may not be that way for the next 10 years?
going to the store to get snacks to just chill.
I hear its your #Birthday! So HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Hope its great! :)
"The only way to consistently recognize negativity imposed from outside is to learn to not identify with your own emotion." J.J. Dewey
when r u gonna make a new keek
An offensive foul on a push off and a block on an obvious bull rush. FromTyler Black changed this game.
you can never have to much to think...
Minnesota Wild, Twins, Vikings, Timberwolves. They've got to be on that list.
I just wanna be with you, we don't need a label or to put ourselves out there for everyone to see, I just want you <U+2639>
The Regional Arts Partner panel will begin at 10:00 a.m. today in Indiana Government Center South, Conference Room B.
#FF who does an excellent job on whiteboard friday presentations.
Why do I spend so much time looking for things I've misplaced, when I only find them after I stop looking for them?
Nothing says compulsive quite like tweeting and eating an entire box of tic tacs in 10 minutes.
SO to former Durango STAR Good Luck tonight. Go Lady Rebels!
But I'm so sleepy! Maybe I'll just sleep longer and dream about trains some more... z
Thinking of kid names when I woke up <U+E40D> random as hell
That's just your feminine biased coming out. It's only gross bc you are conforming to society. Right ? haha
Preparing of all of the local memorial events next week, especially on Jan 12, 2010, the anniversary date of the Earthquake in Haiti.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! I can't wait for the album and then a tour. You Guys deserve it.
Isnt funny but sort of RT : Was just at 4 Seasons...Back Bay residents are taking over due to the blackout! now that's camping.
- I need a shower after hearing the things coming out of Snooki's mouth.. Wow! TMI to the nth degree!!
Happy Valentine's Day! Champagne tonight?
FakeLevin is satire dear. On twitter accounts which start w 'Fake' are satire.
No Christmas tree for me tonight :( maybe we can get one on Sunday
WOAH. I haven't been on in forever! Hey guys :)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 13
Friends leaving4 Bali. 1 day soon I'll make it2 Bali. 2day I need2 focus on making it to the gym, short term goals & big plans for 2012!
sometimes while writing emails n such, I say #pizza in place of #PEACE or pizza the hut, needless to say, I have not started a trend,
"whats the difference between medication and poison?... The dosage."
she is still not buying it...
lmao!!!! had me marker tat "Roman I luv Yhu" on her arm....and i did lol im bouta tweet a pic
#teamMMD is in LA for #IMATS... gonna build our kit and network like crazy!!!! Also gonna meet can't wait! !!! She's amazing
Hi! I am really excited to check out a class soon. Am I allowed to video learning the dance?
“ #OomfNeedsTo that tweeting about your relationship problems WON'T make it better so get off Twitter and work it out!”
Just met today! Please follow this amazing organization.
Lol one of these kids look like my stalker from SC..creepy
The laugh lines on courtneys face....the gas to courtneys bootay and yeah........ Thats y i love joanna desousa with all my heart ~courtney
It's been a good day...Pleasant dreams...Psalm 4:8...: )
RT : Cheaters need to come to San Antonio lol they already here ha ha! They called my niggas lol
Sorry that I've been absent for so long guys! I kinda have a lot going on right now but we'll have something soon!
Yes Lawd I found gas for 3.55 a gal.
See if there are any improv shows going on tonight!
All things are possible until they are proved impossible--even the impossible may only be so , as of now.
Cool..pretty good. Finishing up some stuff now..and starting new tracks.
Let's Go Birds!!
I see a lot of fat lesbians. I guess eating pussy is fattening
I like beer. Sounds good.
thanks for the follow! would love to catch up sometime soon!
Good luck ... from an Isles fan. Really.
dog just ate 1/4 box of gourmet chocolate. not looking forward to the repercussions.
muppet dance- how lovely
Thanks for being so willing to experiment with #ala11 and #libchat. You're a rock star! ;-)
Is the truth you speak of rooted in religion?
Always monitor the healing process of all incisions after surgery to ensure a safe and active recovery.
#sxswLAM Librarian meetup on the 10th and LAM sessions. Would enjoy unscripted opportunities to meetup and talk shop
It's all schools! Wim Weiwel says PSU's fate is tied to City's. So don't lose sight of forest 4 trees. There are alot of trees.
but it's not like I'm gone forever ;) I told you I'll always be back :)
First episode of #NYC22 starts April 15th. Thanks!
thanks for the RT!!!!
Really? You're joking, yes? RT : In light of Nick Novak incident, Roger Goodell ordered a port-a-potty on every NFL sideline.
Did you know that Drury Inns (in St. Louis anyway) include free dinner, b'fast, & 3 drinks per person per room???
When are you coming to the UK?, I think we deserve to meet you too(:
I'm hoping that the next time my friends and I are discussing lunch that a cute redhead shows up like in the commercial.
My ex just got engaged.Hasn't even been a year since we broke up.Confirmation of why it didn't work.Celebratory drink or pity-party drink?
HEYY go follow and check out his clothing (Y)
DEAD ALIVE/BRAINDEAD came to mind when I thought of an "ultimate midnight movie."
RT : Bloomberg bills Obama support of gay marriage "a major turning point in the history of American civil rights."
I'm not as biased when I say that plays the role of the though
With all we're doing, its gonna be hard to fail...
so hungover today!!! gonna chillax at home tonight=]
Help? Ideas of what to add to mom-built Wiki (trying to intro. web2.0 to willing teachers) for field trip w/5th graders to commutercars.com?
had to watch #TheBachelorette before bed. It's going to be SO GREAT! Can we have Monday night dates and watch together?
Schnur: Improve #ESEA bill by providing incentive for professional development. Press for performance targets, transparency, accountability
man its hard to trust friends
LOL...you never know when I'll pop up next! Thanks for noticing.
"If you can dream it, you can do it." ~ Walt Disney
Tebow press conference broadcast live just about everywhere. Backup QB press conference. Only this Jets regime would take that on.
Business models session has overflow crowd.
Oh they are so very good! Glad for a fellow BB scone lover. Never enough of us, I say.
Take advantage man...all MCs (north, south, east & west) send your tracks (edited preferred) to If it's dope, it spins
I could go for some ice cream or a slushie right now .
Obama knows #mfg! MT : When some wanted to let Detroit go bankrupt, we bet on American workers... and American companies.
I forgot what it was like to see Santana pitch. Damn I wish he was back
Recommend Sarah Zhe show at Asia Society in NYC!!
"we putting the band back together"
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
sorry, capacitor
u interested in Hollywood bowl tix for Kelly clarkson?
how old r u?
RT Jail is just college for people who work at fast food restaurants.
Also told me to stow my iPad for takeoff
ok thanks hope you your good to.
I'm good with all the driving I do. I just need someone to help me get my coat off when I'm going 90 mph.
NYC stole a little piece of my heart...living there has to happen. 5th Avenue and SOHO are just too perfect.
Tonight: Started taxes; gathered a half bag of clothes to donate; worked out and ate leftover lasagna - again
Hey Jamie! It's Emma! :D
Heading over to the MMA Gym for my 4 day a week Muay Thai Training.
ive been checking for my package every hour for about the last 4 hours and still nothing your lucky
u the #TRUTH tho
lol I said laff cuz that's how Liam says it xD
dude, it is SO hard to maintain a relationship during school
I don't have any girl friends and is really far away so I'm giving myself a make over #lonely )-:
Who's mom brought orange slices for halftime?
Mike Martz continually called 7-step drops & left the QB out to dry. It's what he's always done.
Congratulations to the newly crowned Mrs. Oregon International - Jaileene Eubanks & Mrs. Washington International - Elizabeth Gibbons!
Haha if they didn't make fun of me, I would be worried. Now, I know we're all friends.
he sounds pretty good, glad he's singing in an age-appropriate range.
Introduced Liz, Tom and Keegan to 'deer blood' and then watched 300
FRESH PRESSED JUICE!!!!!
Their should be a "you have to be 5'5" to leave MRHS" requirement that way I could always stay
We should talk about Tiny Furniture. (HOW ARE YOU?!)
Film finance run down with John Cones at 10 am discussing SEC rules and distribution guidelines. Coffee!!!!!
11 years at YUAG! (this was supposed to be a 2-year grant funded project). Hm time flies.
Would you like to host a Pure Romance party in Nov? I'm donating a % of the sales to a fam in need for the holidays"
93 degrees tomorrow!? Screw my P90X diet for a day, I'm having ice cream
Hot summer.. Colder bitch
Happy I got niggas like , , and Shae though . They keep me humble .
,,Chris at foxsunday can't see what Newt is getting at with SaraPalin,doing it now will get him to theTop, Smart!
What if they don't all agree on which direction to go?
Become a fan of our cleaning service today Facebook.com/teamgocommercialcleaningservice/
Thanks for getting the word out
We've got bigger problems to fix here in #DC! Stop wasting time on statehood. Start earnestly working on fixing things like our schools, etc
thanks for the RT - you're proof of my concept - p.s. contentiousness sounds better with a KY accent
If you forget all the things you’ve forgotten, you’ll never miss them.
An award for my man AND an excuse to buy a cute new luncheon outfit... score! So proud of my #TBJ's #40under40 winner!:...
Lol everything Alisha says I just have to say something. Lol
Looking forward to happy hour with our new tech director
I knew I left my receipt lying around somewhere.
IM DROPPING OUT
Hey Baltimore Oriole fans.. HAHAHAHAHA Welcome back to the baseball you really know.
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates You can certainly post about things no one cares about, but don’t get mad when no one likes it.
I think it's Bartman. Got the jacket and his dowdy profile
ok cool don't be excited to see me. it's all good, bro.
RT : Chris Allen from showing voice recognition system leveraging Red5 server - very cool!
I was really lookin forward to summer with him, oh well...
Whts a good title for a breakup song???
FREE tasting of exotic Madagascar chocolates from Madecasse on Sunday, 2/19 from 2-5 PM! Only at the Chocolate Library.
Ah! You're in Brooklyn?! How long?
Put on your jelly bracelets and your cool graffiti coat and head over to 's Saved by the 80's party tonight
cool! Freshman or Jv?
nigga I'm at home high af alone . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> come thru with my sissayyyy!!
Thanks for the #FF!
Oh DVR'd you complete me...you too
The time has come.....TO GO TO SLEEP!;#
Who's the man?
The crew will be at #fenway on Monday 9/19
Solomon Short~ Im all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Lets start with typewriters.
watching the #kentuckyderby and wondering if you ever feel bad for the horses? I do... :(
I think my biological clock is surrender set for 8 regardless of when I go to sleep...oh well up and at em! Time to get ready for the day!
hunger games in this mofo!
fans need to rage against the machine.
I know they all Mexican <U+2764><U+2764>
Rebirthing now!!!! I wanna live for love, I wanna live for you and me!!!!
On the way to Timberline with photog Carla--wonder what we'll find on snow survey....We've already found sunshine up here!
Love the little signs I get when walking & paying attention... today's clue read Emanuel, pretty straightforward -- time to write!
what was your score on the judd quiz? I got a 67! terrible. The black table and chairs looks like cheap furniture to me.
#nw story on He epitomizes the phrase #TackleCancer ...just like our founder did. Best wishes today Mark!
they have confused #preds like I have never seen in a few hundred games. Don't seem to have any answers. Wed. will b interesting
Honestly I never do anything in spanish why am I even in this class
Haha -- love it!
Children of the Lodz Ghetto allows crowdsourced historical research, with stories discovered and documented by contributors.
RT : RT : The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend ~ Henry David Thoreau
not say too much tweeps, but the word of the day today is "consolidation"
Oh my. Goal Chicago. This game is crazy. 2-2.
RT : Great day in #San #Jose - it's hot hot hot!!!
Into marketing, PR, or content strategies, or have such a effort underway within your company's fold? You'll want to add this resource to y…
Congrats on the successful drop this morning. Keep up the good work!
Back on the grind ...
S/O to my new followers
One day is all you would need, just to get some quotes and then use press releases to work the rest for the recap. Let me know.
Should be awesome!
Love RT : no freebies necessary. I'm down to support, just make me an exclusive and I'm good ;)
I hate how people are like omg i got 100+ followers by following this person how is that possible ?
Chuck Brown was a true D.C. legend. One of a kind. RIP.
"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I gotta say I have a lot of respect for farmers, but the people I respect the most are soldiers!
New show about "The Evolving Universe" might be cool for you guys!
Good morning #Lakeview NATO got you stressed? Take a load off, let us cook for you while you sip a refreshing lemon lime (homemade!) soda!
Not sunny day.... just Real Estate... on April 27th.
Half off Reserve tonight! Come Raid the Cellar
Good morning New York City!
#dontevergiveup on that girl/guy you love.Don't worry,they'll realize how amazing you are someday.<3
Holy fuck what's up with people staring at me on the freeway
I am addicted to the abuse. I can't live without Crossfit
Love love love the feeling in my legs right now. Pure numbness
Dont play wit may
#PeopleILoveTheMost are fighting for justice everyday.
Haha, most mornings for me are two cups of coffee and Rose Melberg. I totally understand :)
Ya Session=Rising Star. Curious if Angerer would hold up health wise on strong side. Team seems to like Kavell Conner too rite?
These girls beefin on my TL
Can you get to follow me? (;
do I need to fall off a bridge for you to notice me? :/
nah im just kidding brah
#Le'Andria better preach!!!
So I walked into a pile of branches and got a giant thorn in my leg. How's YOUR Friday night?
mets suck.
Happy 4th of July everyone! Stay safe out there!
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cooie Mix. Papa Joe
I suspect ROBERT DOWNEY, JR
Can you say trashy black dress?
I thought he left her ass.
I will! I probably hit it on a bad day. You know how it goes.....
“I’m going to destroy Android, because it’s a stolen product. I’m willing to go thermonuclear war on this.” - Steve Jobs
Been bout it since I was 12 gotta let me do some #promo #art for the
Q: Best TV show on right now? We can't wait for Mad Men to start up --- love the vintage fashions they sport!
your score is 21 over par (4jxdc)
Damn. Straight.
ha funny babe
We still have select men's and women's tees 35%-50% off! Come by today and check it out!
Hahaha! Our pleasure and thank YOU!
Dear Follower Fairy, Please bring me interesting non-lame followers while I sleep. Thx amen.
We should start a group on Goodreads, maybe?
Thank you for following!
Dime as in ten cents, My rhyme is intense tense,Whether present or past,I pass you in a bubble eye lens Benz...dope ass wordplay
You really do.
Also, Happy Easter everyone!
welocome to Dagnomusic look forward to hearing what you upload!
Have your kids help prep dinner. If they prep the #veggies, they'll be more inclined to eat them.
Don't wanna go to school.
they're not, this is the hardest question. I'd have to go with minor threat though, because I didn't like BF without Rollins
link took me to a video. No I guess not
I'm doing that thing where I'm reading 9 books at the same time again :-X marathon reading session needed! Must..not..start...another...book
you should be so proud of who you are and what you accomplished. Sad to see you go. Go Bucks!
You got it! It's a weekly feature.
I am not, but I have a friend. Can you DM the price?
Thanks! I was a TINY part of VERY successful #sagaftra #oneunion campaign! Credit goes to all members of &
"we fell in love and I hope this plays" ... Oh Rihanna it's playin don't you worry
Seriously wish I could forget you
Framing prints to go up at a massage studio (65th & Forest Home). Not yet open - I'll let you know when!
Lunch staff meetings become big team building at The Red Rabbit. Let us know when you're ready to bring the crew!
Found you through Looks like small Manhattan is already on hold. Must be selling! Congrats.
I have a lot of poor man dreams
If u go looking 4 a real friend, you're going 2 find they're very scarce If u go out 2 be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. Zig Ziglar
Miami going back to the finals
Totally failed my AP Physics final. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
you never forget your first, boys-- can't wait to hear what you think of it
Does anyone else think 'Twitter' having an actual twitter is strange? Who the hell is tweeting for it haha
": #Taurus may not be the most outgoing sign, but they will always be by your side."
I try not to be a cranky tweeter, but this shuttle situation is no good. Folks take cabs after paying for (expensive) passes.
Wish I could attend the May 7th event - I'll be out of town!
Yes, there IS a National #Pizza Party Day! It'e either tomorrow or Fri, depending who u ask. I say let's do BOTH!
However, men, children, and teenagers develop lupus too. Lupus develops most often between ages 15-44
RT : Just spoke with Santo campaign manager Mike Biundo, who says they may in fact hold on to win Ohio.
Getting ready for tonight's show..Turkey prepares for a surge of Syrian refugees, the BRICS Summit is underway and #megamillions fever!
That location was my choice too - and still is :)
RT : Welcome Rookies Food in Madison visit them at www.roookiesfood.com for the best deals
Be thankful and count your blessings for what you have, rather than what you want.
comics are a synthesis of words and pictures together and are a legitimate way to express yourself!
Mandy Butler and I are moving to Richmond in August and we're bringing FuseBox Theatre with us - can't wait to get involved!
I love how you keep it real and you stand up for yourself! Your so gorgeous hun xoxo
Get out of my head.
It's Free for All Friday! Always spirited and timely talk w/Cheryl & Dr. Jeff joining the discussion! Tune it at 10 ET
too much dribbling & ISOs & guys are out of position because of Miami's tough defense.
its gonna be two long hours..
It would be cool to run a student government summit as an edcamp
Let me know if you'll be at ERA's #D2C2011 conference in Las Vegas next month. I would love to meet up.
Just got word that the test pressings are completed!
": “: #oomf is a douche”me" no I just don't like you
RIT and Mercyhurst scoreless after one.
and the fact that they ended up in the group "of the bands not that popular" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I have applications knowledge of financial reporting under GAAP. Ask me about my expertise at
who do you like in the BCS Championship?
:) u make me smile ...lol u goin in on Trey huh?? I feel that *grabs headphones*
90 year old asked why she still want's to perm her hair at her age? Replied "I still have to look at myself in the mirror"!
goin ham on the lakers tonight!
To show you how much I love you I changed my relationship status from single to married. . . . . . . on MySpace.
I wish i could work out like my momma does !
HOT HOT HOT BEER BEER BEER !
Nice... I was there about 14 years ago, just remembered how windy it was that day. ;-)
$4 PBR 32oz blue cup, it's a nice day for a cold PBR!
Gonna b a hot day
I start working toward my 2nd masters degree in July. My 1st one is a Masters of the Universe from Mattel University.
Watching Boss N Up get fucking movie. Lol
North Korea stuck in a time warp? Check out this cutting edge piece of machinery which teaches pupils how to dri..
Seen too many relationships end because there weren't fireworks in the bedroom.
Delivering a 40 yrd dumpster for a custom home remodel on memorial near Town and Country. Are you remodeling soon? We can help: just call us
Headed to for 'Challenges Facing the United Nations in Libya' with 's Mark Ward.
- i have no idea! Ha! Thats what i mean!
gr8! i was gon txt u happy mothers day but i dont have u n my phone no mo. i was jus up there too
Sugar Ray makes my 7a.m. alarm not so awful, wicka wicka
What question would you ask band Bear in Heaven if you could? Preparing a interview.
LET'S ALL CHOKE ON CINNAMON ;D
Not the end of career yet but close. Rose needs stability for his type of game. Repaired knee won't hold up..
and have to get married soon! <3 Such a cute couple! (:
The Capitol Steps have a show at The Count Basie Theatre, Red Bank, NJ. on Oct. 28th. Showtime @ 8:00PM.
<U+200E>We'll let you decide which is the good and which is the bad.
Basketball 101: Sometimes game film should be used to remind your team of what theyve done well...not always to make corrections.
can you tell me what is going on with red line tonight?
We've already added new style sheets, a prize inventory and mobile web options...this is the list of the remaining features we can add!
I'd assume the people who drink Ovaltine and the people who FB would be a Venn diagram with two non-intersecting circles.
Thanks! RT : Avii &gt;&gt; ya are so cute (:
Has anyone mentioned your doppelganger in the AT&T 4G LTE tailgating commercial? Or, was that so 13 seconds ago?
Hitting the tanning beds.
he def has one.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 43
this is just unbelievable.
and everyone says red bics are bad luck
it went by so slow lol.
i got 3 off periods ..&&i stay on campus in each of em ... idk y .. i hate skoo lol
Its fingerprints and validation for my VST Instrument today!
Hey hey, maybe sometime in the near future - once we start doing events!!
So glad that Jesus chose to share his riches with me!
Yes, thank you for acknowledging the joy of life's riches.
MO will be first to tell you "been there done that..." Put it behind you & move on...get em next time!
Another new son on #MadMen? They go through them fast...
i wanna kitty
Daaayuum! Indi Pacer Beat Heat?!!? I missed a Good Game? Wow...
I sent lyrics to Leah & she writes back, "can you send this to since you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> him" #die -_________-
Mine responds well to unexpected and unplanned showers. Especially cold ones. She opens locked doors using 3 step process.
At you my dear! :)
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and welcome to our twinning tweets.
PS Where can I see your movie?
yea buddy!
YOU SAID NO TO THAT!!!??
RT : I don't see Derek Wolfe on Twitter. Will ask him tomorrow when he arrives at Dove Valley.
It's been a while since we've seen this stuff, so just a reminder, don't eat the yellow snow!
Are y'all talking about me? :)
They'll get over it
#myweddingsong will be from one of cd. So many choices with great memories!
that sucks..
Finally made it to ! Loving pig ear with a gls of Pelaverga thx
good post but with defensive needs & possibly the need for a Center, would you prefer their 2nd rd pick?
ahh I remember those trips when I worked in lux pr. Loved the accommodations, but the clients were a major pain! Have fun!
Yeah, that final little post-credits tag is great. Laughter got louder & louder the longer it went.
I’m thinking of a finger, and it’s not 1, 2, 4, or 5.
Cant focus on anything except this.
Yes I'm trying you! And you don't look tough at all so I'll be fine :P
nice resorts on Lake Vermillion!
You shouldn't criticize what you can't understand tho
Friend who sang w/ Tallis Scholars said they wanted her to write down her improv over Allegri's Mis. +
Working out, then teaching guitar lesson
haha I got you guys!
Was *just* talking with Rosie about you!!! We are here at the airport. Love you so!! xxoo
its so rude! why become friends with somone when u talk about them behind ur back :( so sad
After all is said and done, much more is said than done.
I kinda want Portland too but look at the weather! Nashville mid 70's Portland 50 and rain all the time
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your team mates to tweet #marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Happy Father's Day! A great app on the iPhone that is great for fathers and kids alike is "A Song for Miles"! www.asongformiles.com
is that the song that says "wrapped up like a douche"
One stat the disappointing #Tigers lead #MLB in is number of losses by the score 3-2. Last night's game was the 4th by that score.
IE 6 is like an action movie bad guy - totally irrational and just when you think it finally died, it shows back up ruining your day.
About to introduce to Baltimore! Headed to the American Visionary Art Museum, then to ARTSCAPE!!!!
Mon/Wed/Fri good for me next week!
Easter vigil, Easter drinks, Easter brunch, Easter beach. Happy Easter everyone.
Women don't dream of the perfect man, they dream of getting to eat without getting fat.
Thanks Christine! Being part of a great team really helps time fly!
It's over now!! Time to promoter rape everyone on this shit!
You can either pick up (pdx or hillsboro) or we can mail a limited selection of items (not everything would survive in the mail).
#Servers are up and running fine. Launching or Pay Per Click Advertising
Waiting On My Wing Stop.
Neil Gaiman on Sunday morning :)
oh its horribly sadistic but the Canucks merit such comments
i liked it
Twitter guys coming up on The View
#FB is a piece of shit that starts drama and makes it impossible to focus on anything else <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
aw, thanks!
When points out things you do wrong and then says "But you are better than any of that"
Whitney.Houston died?
Les firing Morey would be his worst move as owner - right above firing Jeff Van Gundy.
This song by tho?....chic AF.
You killed it as the Hulk. Awesome movie.
If you are in Nashville and really want to treat yourself today, Puckett's downtown has brisket.
follow the No Rules route and start a dual city Thet company.
Aye what's up? Are y'all good this afternoon? Well I hope you are :) c'ya later my dimples .•_____•. :)
I bet yall never fuck on top of a hotel before.........or in a elementary school with one of the teachers...;)
"Oh...whatever" -Meryl
Thanks to for partnership in Well City Milwaukee Going for the Gold
There so much you do not even know
U know the world. Is getting more expensive every day. Just can't live life anymore. Everything is about work and money.
NEW Audio Zine in a couple of weeks. The RETURN of LaVonne Natasha Ceasar!
Stay tuned to our Twitter & Facebook page, we'll post if we can stay open tonight & tomorrow!
Lind already has 3 errors! Anything but solid in my mind, but that homer was clutch last night.
Was a big fan of Pete's APizza in Clarendon
Aw my nephew just looked at a picture of his mom and said "mommy beautifwul"
Hello work ....you out there? ...Hm don’t think so..coming back around anytime??? Just curious ...financially curious ..
Judging by the number of deer increasing steadily on my way home each evening, it's hunting season. Time to sight in and suit up.
Remember, an endless torrent of calls and emails may make you feel powerful. But enslaving yourself to an inanimate object makes you weak.
: Simpson Rd. was renamed to Joseph E. Boone Blvd. No wonder GPS devices, Google Maps, and Map Quest get confused in ATL.
..." I ask aren't the other 50% of that equation only homeowners, Therefore equal?
Oh shit, gotta get tickets for this! Love DL!!!
See you in the mud!
Nice fan cave pick CF!
she'll be here in 9 hrs i think it is, grr!
Can't wait to hit the gym. #muaythai time!
Cleaning out the garage.
Breakfast in bed for two bucks. This is an awesome offer from www.dealoria.com
This works... Thx for tip! 3G outage for att RT : 3g seems to be not working. turn off 3g and edge works for me
Hottest. Flight. Ever. (and I'm not talking about temperature!!!)
"everyone who comes in your model store has a story" #HBATSMC Are you asking for their story or busy telling your own?
I am going to read lots of Dr. Andrew Abela books soon!
why'd you get off doe?
I had a good night's sleep finally and want to wish everyone else one of those if you need it! Have a great day!!
What I said: "I'm bored!" What my mom heard: "Any chores u need done?"
I actually danced in my heels the whole night tonight :*
ya I got one for you
There are somedays victory seems so close and in reach, other days it's a world away. But rejoice in all things..
Im annoyed
Happy Birthday Harry Styles. <33 ;*
Watching Terrence Jones rebound strong is one of my favorite things. Cats rolling now up 17-10.
#ReplaceANickiSongWithPepsi: Pepsi For Life
That happened to me a few years back. My roommate had all the seasons on DVD and I was sucked in.
True RT : a4- depends customer outcomes u r trying to drive. customer acq/preference/sow/referral rate/ new prod adptn rate
What do you look for on an online site? Bonuses? Rebates? Pros?
Ight . What size ?
Yeah, releases are erratic. Try something from the Key to Time arc, which begins w/"The Ribos Operation"
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
frozen yogurt time!
"I don't know if it's because I'm Catholic or because I'm Lutheran, but..."
jumping rope is a great full body workout. an avg. sized woman (5'4”, 140 lbs.) can burn more than 100 calories in just 10 minutes!
very cool! rt us magazine is reporting it.
I wonder if Tony Stark of Stark Industries is descended from Ned Stark of Winterfell...
you mean besides the fact that his legs and torso don't match up?
I seriously don't like you.
um i just called you
Thanks for follow, As I am graphically challenged I will not enter the contest however should as she is not challenged
I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hey there, I know you talk to Blakeshelton, can you ask him to follow a little girl so she can win a bet. pls
haha yea you are correct :) lol and really :D ? I hate it too :P lol
this: 1.) What URL are you requesting? (Note: You have only one .... etc. onto ur email..
Santorum trying to draw on Lincoln at Gettysburg. Today's Republicans would probably rail about big government trying to free *your* slaves.
100 dollars for a laptop charger...
Jason Smith is a punk wtf is wrong with the Hornets fans
Fresh friday.
I think I actually prefer the US version of "The Office". There, I said it. I know, blasphemy.
I can't believe that this year is over in a week...
I'm in the dreaded line.
Happy Friday! NEW wine tasting kicks off today along with happy hour 4-7pm. Live music this Sat.-Tini Grey at 7:30pm. Enjoy.
You both smell like poop.
#ThurgoodMemories when Ms. Lyons made us stand in the hall in a straight line after lunch because we wouldn't shut up .
Perseverance is the greatest revenge you can pay to hell.
I'll text it to you!(:
her new album sounds amazing<U+2665>
Just renewed my tickets for the 2012-13 season. If you're not already, think about subscribing--support the arts in IN!
Hey maybe come to Port au Prince? Play with ?
my mom and my dads family. But I'm living with my friend, Sharome.
oh yea, forgot about that.
There is nothing like waking up early knowing that over 2000 years ago the stone was rolled away and the tomb was empty. Thank you Jesus!
Play Friday, Jan. 20 at Blackbird Buvette with The Great Depression and Techtonic Movement!!
idk because idk what youre talking about so probably not! Haha do you take the classes at school?
oh the mirco soft link?i posted it illhaveto hunt it back down..
I remember way too much of my childhood tv.
xoxoxox hopefully you have groceries so you don't have to leave the flat.
On the 8th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me... 10% off my entire purchase!
on the plane in Denver now, let me know!
promise?!? Okay let me get on <3 ;D
we have class, the training will be offered again, check email and our blog for more info
Well this is just too darn cute! : A Survey showed that more Men than Women take a cuddly toy to bed with them.
Gaborik with the game winner! Saving us from quadruple overtime, #rangers win 2-1!
Depends on the ambition behind the project, as long as it stays a GAME, you're pretty well covered.
i followed you back(:
It would be hilarious if Mike Mularkey, the guy who snubbed Broncos last year to stay o-coord in Atlanta, ends up w/ Tebow in the end
re: VERY convenient but also very pricey.
Indeed. Thanks for the follow. :)
go check out 's stay scheming free style..she spits FIRE ;)
Um, no. RT : That 2001 team was a good Bucks team. Would've been able to keep up with Lakers.
time "run on the BIG Banks" and deposit your money into Local banks or Credit Unions
How dare you call rude people rude! (Seriously, seeing you smack down some of these jerks has been very satisfying.)
my timeline is very very dead
red? white? what color and why?
Happy Opening Day !!!
Hahaha is absolutely clowning on and So good.
Fuck a bitch name regret , a real bad B I T C H never makes mistakes ; <3 #bitch # quotes
& he(she) says, I could done that.
You are incorrect, it's true alright. Wait till you see what we report next.
Use to be firemen setting around looking at pussy magazines, now it's just pussys setting around looking at fire magazines
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Enjoying a pint of the black stuff at claddagh Pittsburgh (with fried lobster ravioli) before heading across the street to hofbrauhaus
RT : First Online Store That Reveals Exact Eco Impact of its Products. Green N Brown retails (only) eco friendly...
Yay!! Awesome to meet you last night at the Jayk Gallagher Program. :)
Have a good night everybody!! #good vibes
would you follow me pretty please :)
Love the events you have posted!
omg i havent been on twitter in forever......
Brands need to better clarify the types of digital marketing assets needed & the value exchange that should exist between brand & consumer.
I'm so excited for prom!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We are looking for a few bloggers to review a XO Skin. Direct Message us for details!
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Sitting on the toilet thinking bout my next dollar
#Movie fact of the week: Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves
"yarn bombing" --awesome.
call me a hoe and my best friend will kill you
#musesocial Not having enough time is probably the top reason given for CEO's not using SM.
Never Let Words Bring You Down Cuz If You Do People Will Know Its Your Weakness And Use It Against You
Cheryl A Mack, let's get Ray Lavender in "Jack Squad" part 2, he needs an acting career too right, they go hand in hand..talk to me???
#kitchenpetpeeves has to be the funniest/most true thing I've ever read on the Internet
Update: Kareem was NOT flying the plane, and I stayed far away from the fish. There was a few dudes speaking jive though.
A3: Never only self-promote, link TW and FB, be mean/childish/dramatic, or think you've learned everything.
You can sleep on our floor :)
Enjoy the sunshine & above average temps in sunny San Diego this weekend! 70's along the coast, 80's inland, 90's foothills, 100's deserts…
thanks for the follow..... (about time) ha
Ive learned over the past couple months that i really cant live without him. he means everything to me.
I've always wanted to walk up to a stranger and give him a briefcase and whisper "you know what to do" and walk away.
Merry Christmas to all!
Personal information one should monitor regularly.....
Down by 9 with 8 to go. It's do or die time.
Blake no
Is the crowd tonight more bearded or clean shaven?
lmao I didn't know you knew him :D you better be behaving josh
Answer my Facebook message first and I'll tell you there, too long to type on Twitter. :p
I don't know what I've been told, I will sell my soul to rock and roll, I don't know where to go, I have lost control!
I need a roadtrip!!!
I agree!!! RT Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Looking forward to an awesome day!! Rise and shine
flip phone! There always seem to be a hot chic with some player at the draft. I don't think luck knows what a smart phone is!
Wouldn't be the first time somebody called BS on KG.
Sure Kim! RT Thank you Downtown San Diego Partnership. Picture: Deni McLagan, MHS Program Manager - Mid-Coast/SIP......
That cup of tea I consumed at 6 pm might not have been the best idea...
#aintnothingsexyabout trending - follow for quick sex health facts
he's a juinor? No huh, he's a senior. Dang it.
lunchtime question. Who do you think TO should talk into playing QB for him on his new team?
Lots of work for us to do! Let's get to it. See you all tomorrow.
Always been my straregy,
Awesome #Packers performance against no. 1 seed Falcons! Go Pack Go!
Finished our Earth day crafts. Alex said he didn't want his earth to be a circle & made it a heart <3 aww love the earth! Happy Earth Day!
B, next time you call, do the UK fight song on them..........
I really need to get in there.
Baylor deserves to win and cover, out playing Stanford and getting out coached. Fouling and no offense
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state.
It was a unusually pain-less Paid or Pain. Anyway, hi back!
thank you (: x
spring break!!!! the bambinos are home all week, looking forward to a fun filled week (and multiple trips to the grocery store!)
Love Japan!!! Both of you have a blast. Let me know if you need language app recs, I have a few (for iPhone/iPad)
who is your team Nigel?
had a great time with tonight. He always keeps me updated on all the new tech info. Hope he has a good time at #nlcp10 in FL
when you look good, you feel good.
Anyways, while I'm using the coffee shop's wifi, help me out. What should I do for my 18th Birthday? It's in a few days!
idk my parents arnt home yet
Are you coming to SXSW? If yes, let's plan something.
ah it's my day off an payday. So I'm gonna get cash and Dj all day.
haha but it looks good that way
Haha. xD okay. and Yes we should !
makes everything funny.... Haha
“: "Yeah lick that snaggle tooth"” ?... Lol
Past, Present, Future! Which one do you live in?
yeah,I know!isn't it awesome?
It's about that time to take a nap
coolin' it in San Jose, you?
this really works I just tried it. Thank you.
coors light, huh? I like my beer with a little hop to it!
3rd Team: Parker, Rondo, D Rose, Blake, Bynum (toughest omission K LOVE)
Fryman Canyon run after work...beautiful scenery and the threat of falling down a hill ALWAYS means going home with a clear head :)
hell yeah it realli is nd i wouldnt be a become a stranger on u beautiful if i had ya # and all dat
no coffee for me, thanks!
....ew?lol and yeah no problem :)
like the pick...solid strong mean will play Guard at the NFL level...gets the KZ approval lol
Firefox 11 is due out Tuesday.
The monopolists' stranglehold has crippled our commerce and debauched our politics.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
Thank You Press Release coming soon! June 28th 2012 7pm! New Store Opening & More!
It's starting to fill up at T.J. Mulligan's on Trinty. Come party with Adrenaline. The show starts at 9:30.
Come back, Gizmo and I are bored.
Just came home from the mall, IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!
I had a nightmare that every time I clicked on the activate link, I was denied—Then I realized I wasn't dreaming at all! :(
Stopping by tomorrow for a drink when I'm in Buckhead. It's an actors/writers hangout.
lol when r u home
I went to that place with to watch last week and it was completely ok. j/k. It was nice indeed. cc:
Ok. I'm good. How are you? I saw you today.
yeah weve been jamming out to some bad bitches
"if it's uncomfortable you might be on to something." Love it and so true.
I'm gonna start making beats again!
Merry Christmas! Come see us tonight for a special pint night Harpoon winter warmer. We open at 6!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 245
GIRLS:Be there for him like how you want him to be there for you
We suck
NewEra Snap back.
Had some soft shell crab roll, miso soup, and nigiri for dinner!!! Yum yum
same thing nothing against what she likes it just when you have a plat form n your able to lead have a better direction
There's no need to run, and there's no more fear. Not like I trusted you anyways.
I am glad to see you back working on things ; ) Are you feeling better?
I prayed :)
Especially badly. Super thrilled to see the #dirtybirds losing #oldtestamentstylevengeance ;)
Good luck! :) Ambitious project for a lazy holiday weekend!
hell yes
#WhenIWasALittleKid I didn't worry about anything, it was all about having fun
Teen Wolf is airing on NBA-TV right now. If this is what they resort to when there's a strike on, then I'm all for strikes.
chilling. How r u?
What would you do if someone you work with wants to do harm with another person you work with because they're upset him and told you this.
My icon is a swag. ;)
haha nope but I got a sense of their team spirit when I was there over the weekend. Even the gay bars had the games playing!
Dallas is hot; Fuse is hot; You have to be hot too! Let's cool off with Fuse Mojitos...under the covered deck with misters!
and they're opening up an olive garden soo idk about you but i can't wait til it opens lol
Well it's 2012, and New York's hottest club is The End. Club owner John Cusack has gone all out...
is enjoying the falling snow.
Red Mist / Cemetery Girl / 11/22/63 / Silver Girl / I'd know you anywhere / 77 Shadow Street
I ate too much shish tawook
hmm i wouldn't pick javascript and it needs a context/project
I told my grandpa if he keeps eying my kindle i will hit an old man in public
wattup fremont high. throwin it down w. london erk the jerk n tha crew
Thank you so much for the RT!
Definitely. No one really does homework anymore.
I don't make mistakes. I make prophecies which are immediately proved wrong. ~ Murray Walker
So how are we feeling after what we witnessed last night, gentlemen?
Hunter House hangover…
I think the last minute nature says its either unintentional, or an attempt to bury-I'm guessing unintentional in this instance
That's it. Exactly. Agreed.
I love you too, my beautiful girl<3
tell me when u read it :')
That used to be my fav. show when I was younger & never had anyone to talk about it w. lol.I'd really like to visit Canada.
The QUANTUM Collar for pets is now available. Its infused with ionic materials and scalar energy technology.
Good.. no hills, that's important when considering races! Lol
omg Yess!;) haha and thanks I hate it though!:( it was freezing outside and the wind was crazyy I waited 2hrs before the...
...and it stopped. Giggling and applause for themselves. Hopefully #TheAvengers restores my will to live.
aww you'd share your weed with me ;3
Damit, I forgot to unlock the tweets.
no we at the casa
It's a fine line.
"Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense." -Robert Frost
This Sunday it's going down!!!
Funny how I did everything in the world today EXCEPT go to bath & body works & walked past it at least 3 times.
Tomorrow is going to be the best day of my life.
We have to start someplace, we have to start sometime. What better place than here? What better time than now?
I am so ashamed of the Indiana Republican Party today. Thank you, Senator Lugar, for your service to this state and to this country.
Thanks for the follow :)
I would love to see perform!
XD Thank You(: I get that alot :D
i was born on the black list
thanks to new jersey.....": 51% of all turns are right turns."
Everyone in my house asleep but me. Hm, what to do, what to do...
m can u translate that to english ? 0.o
Fabulous! Thanks for sharing. Love it!
May is Healthy #VIsion Month. Schedule that eye exam that you've been putting off.
Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted.
This semester is so boring.. Last semester a teacher taught me sword combat in acting... Uh
What a great day for a Cherry Limeade, then again everyday is a great day for a Cherry Limeade. Sonic #Baltimore --8212 Liberty Rd.
We can get behind some collaboration- and are always looking for new resources to add to our collection/guides
i went to the doc and she thinks i may have a stress fracture and tendonitis so im out for 2 weeks, or the rest of track :(
your welcome :)
"Oh look, Darien! Aren't you glad we moved to Glenview?" *angry silence* *tension*
WOOH!!!!! Tweet me a pic! I'm going to sleep now. Night night :)
Not everyone should have phone priveleges
followed me today!!! ahh omg made my day!! :) <333
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
The flavor of dark chocolate improves with time for up to 18 to 24 months.
I recognize those feet!
rofl that video
<------ This the baddest chick in the Wold! And she right here on my lap :)
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
SHAKE THE GLITTER!
Thanks! I'm so excited. It came as a complete surprise.
ah. u so silly gurl.ehh
Militarization of police mirrors militarization of populace.
You see this rough edge on my thumbnail goddammit??????? Count em! Just like Rob Kardashian like I said.
: SOW WELL in life cos it'll always come back 2 "pat u on the back" or "bite u where it hurts//Good word!
“: I still wish I was at Kelly's house chillin with these amazing people” because of me right
We loved it but sorry we didn't know it was going on till now! Great conversations!
baby steps. Well have you drinking Belgian lavender Saison's soon enough. Especially since that is my latest home brew.
Looking for contract mortgage professionals in the following positions: Fin Systems Analyst, Dev. I and Sr.Bus. Analyst in Big D.
So we're maybe not too far away from the need for a post on best practices for Pandora submission..?
#Headbutthathoe is now trending, which segues me into "Why sterilization is important."
I love my sweet Tj<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> #misshimSOmuch just one more week...
You can buy our journals, books and shirts at the Glasbox or you can just come to visit. We'll be happy to see you!
who did that?
I live for the cringing I get to do every Sunday night.
headed home with thai take-out, redbox rentals and a super-sized bottle of wine.
I followed :D
Sand Beach
I'd trust you with nuclear weapons, Melissa Kash Money ;)
thank you <3
have you seen those things? They're awesome!
someone like you should deserve every sweet little thing there is in this world. Thanks for everything you've done<3
seven billion seems like such a small number these days after seeing our national debt.
“: Who’s excited to see the boyz on the ABDC stage again??!!” me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
One problem, though. The temple trip for this weekend was cancelled.
all i remember from the day we meet was sitting at lunch looking at the hot guys haha I dont think that will EVER change! :P
yeah that's the main reason why I don't like summer, I hate getting dark <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
After the 3rd time, I still can't understand what you're saying, so I'm just gonna laugh and say "yeah."
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
are u at gate A11?
you should ask Justin Morneau to take you to a MN Wild game!
If you call your number and the line is busy you might have found it just trying to help
Missing someone is a horrible feeling, but knowing that they don't miss you back is so much worse.
While keeping the now stale The Office? No wonder NBC is firmly in 3rd place among networks.
#truth RT : Good, good stuff coming out of #dogoodsummit today.
“: Registered for Transform 2012 today. always makes it worth the trip!” Register at www.mpsconference.com
considering im grounded from mine no
OH Simply place hot booties in the hot bootie bag.
Watching Polyester. I love John Waters :)
conference week :v
I know the picture tweeting was overkill, but everything was just so attractive! And delicious!
i think i can
thanks for following
Sounds fun! Let us know how it goes!
Today, July 11 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Keldamuzik | Hip Hop Artist | Go: latalkradio.com | We're on Channel 1
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Atlanta doesn't want to go home.
Can't wait, I got my shirt & bracelet on
"The darkness of the whole world cannot swallow the glowing of a candle." ~ Robert Altinger... HAPPY HANUKKAH & God bless us, everyone!!! ;)
My dental tech was as usual very professional. Dr. Levine and his staff do an outstanding job
hey guys! whos all going to the stickam chat tonight!? 8pm central, 6pm pacific! (: BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
have you ever done Jackie Warner's workouts...look her up girl. I'm obsessed
Some people think Wipeout is silly. My grandparents are laughing like hyenas. <3
errors are easy to find - you know this! I would love to give it a read over - love the intense scenes ...
Sitting on hold. It's been over 2 hours now. Just to ask a question of the CO state government. Geez hire some people
I might not survive this cab ride. I love all of you.
Phone call from my Grandparents in New York. It's like I'm gonna cry but I'm not.. All I wanna do now is get a ticket so that I can see them
There are 400,000 registered child sex offenders 80,000 - 100,000 are unaccounted for. Every 40 seconds a child is abducted
One of the best twitter voices in #sportsbiz -> RT : To everyone in Canada outside of BC, you're welcome.
Maryland's film fest is over. What was your favorite film?
did uhear me scream cuz i think i creamed so loud u guys r still super asome and uto put a award up to tell u guys that
depends on the job, but we're very reasonable compared to competition. PM us or contact us at dkhcreative.com & let's talk!
feelin lonely cuz he's not hear wit mhe.....cnt wait till he gets bakk.....
Jurassic park Is my show!!
Happy New Year to our fav twitter followers!
already ahead of u might as well capitalize on those idiots … I mean smart biz lady's with a big future lolol
ON IT.
Keith Salscheider, son of longtime Bemidji State coach Karl Salscheider, has been named new men's basketball coach at Maranatha Baptist.
Looks like murder defendant Juan Antonio Rivera, who just sent away jury, is about to take a plea agreement instead.
In preperation for next weeks shows we are going to begin dancing now. Gotta warm up, don't want to break a hip.
I'm sorry, don't hate me!!! I'm going back to school in the fall, I can't risk loosing CA residency for tuition
I feel so stupid. I forgot today was Cinco de Mayo....
We are #casting for a #USA networks promotion, portraying football players and Nascar participants. Call us at 212-391-4668 if interested!!
hooked on it!
just came out of church :)
do I know right(:
I think that account will be worse than this one -.-
Saudade! I saw quite a few of these bird species in Brazil's #Pantanal too. Such beautiful illustrations!
Denzel Washington has donated $2.25 million to his former university to fund a new scholarship.
Freakin miss & So much has been goin on, but I gotta get wit u guys this week...it's been 2 long!!!!!!!
Tbh i think females watch porn more than niggas # FACT
yeah I'm a crappy fan lately
You are correct but the question is where.
look at right to work states vs union, AZ Econ, housing, wages, jobs#, med cuts are absolute shame... No comparison, keep Unions
the point: we're not dong enough to make the public aware of the publisher content that's available.
To improve performance, regularly close open apps on your iPhone. Also, smell roses.
death is a surprise a party.
When favorites a tweet of mine a porn star regains their virginity.
Easter wif yo seeeesta...what are you doing today?! I kinda wanna shop :) ..even though I have hw and no $ #senioritis <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
I'm back I had to go to walmart
How do people living under rocks get good enough Internet access to comment on blogs?
OH: Don't neon your logo.
you're so cool for sayin that.lol
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Android (Black)
My and quicksilver combo isn't cutting it anymore. Thinking about giving a run. Any fans out there?
RT : no worries! Great service deserves a shout out.
No matter what happens, travel gives you a story to tell. -Jewish Proverb
From Glory To Good To Better To Best To Marvellous To Great To Magnificent To Wonderful To Phenomenal To Awesome To Glory To Glory!
This series is going to be a clean sweep for the bulls.
Can't sleep...whose awake?
sick new logo!
whend you get a second job??
I'm kinda obsessed with reading your tweets
necessary evil. Good luck with yours!
Dick Lugar has been on Meet the Press 36 times
My company is hiring Branch Managers with Staffing/Recruiting experience in the following markets... If you know anyone have them contact m…
Thank you sosososooo much <3 your awesome ! please tell your followers to do the same!<3
Thank you for following. Look forward to learning more about you.
Just watched Mayweather vs Corrales 2001. Money May was ELECTRIC at 130lbs and at 23 yrs old. Amazing ring mastery.
I'm literally beyond ready. Our geographic region deserves better than the people that live here.
Go out and support The Komen Indianapolis' Race for the Cure this Saturday. Follow for other ways to support the cause. <U+2665>
Still in the taxi line at airport. At least is here to make it bearable
i wish i was baby lux <3
Your gone, so i guess that means i have to move on...:/
“: Greg has to eat one bratwurst for each minute under 2 hrs combined time....” - oh dear
Oh look. Trans-Siberian Orchestra is playing in Milwaukee during December. Again.
#confessionnight I love blowing up twitter because it pisses off ;)
Today is the perfect day for a bike ride after work, just gotta check a few items off my list, then on the road....
My mom: "mater academy? Oh you mean skank academy?" LOL -dead-
Nothin Think bout u ND Listen to Ma FAV Songz Heart Attack.
I'll start the bid on lunch at Cowie's- @ 5K, give me 6-": Lunch on my roof... Chilled pea soup & steamed mussels w ramps& rose'
so i kno my voice ain't the best but I feel that it can give us a start..lol then if u pick up some singing we might be ok.lol
OH MY GOD THE VIDEO IS FLAWLESS
Your first shot tix is coming up in a couple of minutes w/
twifey your twubby misses your face!
Yep, the director made me put in the mic-feedback gag. Love a joke that says "the sound guy is incompetent." sigh.
Lmfaoo which one?
says that you should be human when twittering
- the hardest part is getting out of bed
#hth2012 Bak - "Crowds must be built" Need to build crowd around people's identities to get crowd. Can't borrow other crowds
sounds fun
me seeing a brawl ain't gon stop me from kicking it; hell I been in plenty my damn self lol
I'm not innocent.. I was drunk.. I'll admit it but I'm over it.. so is my best friend but my friend is plastered and I'm scared for her.
Since 'church' is people...Why do we keep saying "did you go to church?"...
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. ~ Gandhi
Hey, , fuck Christina: Jermaine KILLED it. Now tell him to smile more.
this guy lol
I feel like it was overhyped and became a disappointment.
my family cant make it so you only have to worry about 5 people :)
over the years... QBs go to Minnesota to die
RT What are you all waiting for!! Check www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyBouriQne8 Who Says - Selena Gomez Cove ...
haha funny how the guys never get anything in return bahahaha
Had a friend of a friend named Doug that we used to always find asleep on our couch in college.
you're more than welcome! :)
- - cannot wait to watch the #CriminalMinds season finale! Gonna be a good one! :)
Get BLACK before Black Friday...Get a Supersac in Black Velvish for on $499. But this offer is only good till Turkey day.
The Lake Erie Islands sure are freezing this time of year. Thank God for local coffee shops & gingerbread lattes.
Great read Gary.
Two more weather teams predict slower hurricane season
Good bounce back win for the Heels today
When did 9:45pm start feeling like 2 o'clock in the morning? Ugh, so tired.
Come on , win this one for the gipper!
Eagle huh? Is that your first one?
me too! what are the odds! #hitRECord rocks.
Letting my intern take a stab at her first press release this week, need to give her a break from all those spreadsheets!
smfh. damn. we almost had it. but i forever love my team. #BullsNation .. now im all okc for the win..
hahaha hell yeah
Love the new design and features except I wish the tweets were on the left side rather than right.
i know.
The Earth steals my thunder. Can't we call a truce and declare this Bearthday, Mother E?
Thank you so much! :D How did you hear about us?
nun just got home
After this week we have 3 weeks of school left.! Its disappointinq because I wont qet two see my boyfriend all summer.!
I'm glad I'm not a fat person.
Well put Mr. Glover.
Alex Semin scores!!!! Finally a goal!!!
black shirt with navy skirt... does not work with blue tights. I must have been temporarily colorblind when I dressed myself this morning.
I'll think about it.
LOL. Im happy that u said that cause we say that in one of our songs!
RT : You need to be around ppl who make deposits & not just withdrawals. -
Just had McDonalds :)
There are many techniques and tools that filmmakers use to create those WOW shots
Lmaoo. Could've sworn that was Kenny.
#isastc physical energy eq fitness, nutrition, sleep, rest (renewal)
said like a true philosopher :)
Don Cornelius - an American icon RIP
Cherokee traditional history says its people came from an island which sent out boats before sinking much like said of Atlantis.
Truth! RT : #eprdctn Just remember that everything that is old is new again. We are just taking old-school new places.
It is a joyous Wednesday afternoon! Hope everyone is having a great day.
Need some Hanukkah gift ideas? Gonesh scented reeds and diffuser oils make awesome holiday gifts. Ocean is truly phenomenal.....
i will
Finally got paid now I need shade & a vacay & niggas still hatin so much hate I need a AK <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I like to people watch.
OK, *mental image of Ari in bathrobe* Go on, you were saying?
": lol yea.." well shit he don't look like it. He's fuccin handsome lol
VOC Tip: Are you running a small team or business and on a budget? Consider using google products. Google Docs, Google Calendar, etc.
Watch Sarah mcClachlan on GMA...gosh, i love her!!
U Look Like U Bought ya Outfit On Clearance.
Good morning everybody! (Borat voice). I'm feeling good, I hope you are as well.
No conditions are permanent. ~Buddha
stop in tonight!!!! We're sponsoring the Chip the Rippa & event for UC's
I have a facebook page, search: Tyler Edwards Racing
HOLY CRAP! Season 3! It's one of my favorite music series, ever. I didn't know you worked for - that's awesome!
congrats on graduating!
I just ordered a copy of the 1915 edition of Hartley Withers's The Meaning Of Money – which means that Masters thesis starts today.
Waiting for an important email. Refreshing Gmail every 3 seconds. Fun day!
Yes, I think it's the same time as the run, early Sun. I get in late Sat so no go for me
night everyone night
I will be interviewing this Monday on OUTspoken Radio LIVE !!
beautiful afternoon in the couve
feb.22......can't wait to see my old crew!!!! Haha
When is iPad4 coming out? I heard it will be even better than iPad3!
Happy day! RT 500 new fairy tales discovered in Germany, locked away in an archive for 150 years
All kiddie rides are only 1 token tonight from 6 to 7 at Fantasy Island! Plus 20% off all merch in the arcade before 3!
It's right around the corner and tickets are reasonably priced for this show. It's the Black Keys! And the Arctic Monkeys!
glad to hear you are wearing goggles for racquetball. let us know if you need any advice or tips. how long you been playing?
wow, that's not a good idea.
I'm still pretty new at this Twitter stuff so please forgive any tweeting faux pas I may make.
Our sale continues! Show us a VCU student ID or clothing advertising VCU, get 10% off your purchase at both stores! Today & all weekend!
RT : you're ridiculous log//doesn't even make sense
what's shak'n chic!
I'm guessing it's something like "small hill with slight incline"...
Yankees not again!!!!!
let's plan a visit. It sounds amazing.
I don't know how but you aligned my stars and somehow forever doesn't seem so far<3
Hope everyone had a great exam!
drank 6 or 7 of the rock, there's a fresh 30 pack in the fridge.
:P its not gonna happen:/
Dinner with the fam then watching my hawks. Man I hope they push a game 7
Sounds like a plan is in order...
Thanks dude, I'll be curious to hear your thoughts, it's not hip-hop at all!
Critics for The New York Times assess films, television shows and video games that will arrive in the new year.
Just saw one of my photos used on Groupon!
How long before you get more stock of the Throwback hoodie in black w/gold 412 ??
_: Just cause I don't hit you up, don't mean I ain't thinking bout you.
Unbelievable pink/orange sunset today! Wow.
I say your time might be now ;D
happy birthday ! have a good one !
Do you guys watch #JerseyShore? Just started this season...it's like a train wreck. You don't want to watch but you cant turn away!
haha I feel ya girl....btw I ordered your movie I been so busy I haven't watched it but I will soon promise!
I wish my boyfriend would randomly get me flowers.... oh wait...
Sugar, honey, iced tea...i forgot to charge my kindle.
The quality of my life would really improve if Christopher Walken or Morgan Freeman would read to me every night before bed.
I haven't even been fully awake for 2 hours and today is already a shitty pile of annoyance. :/
A lot of people still don't understand how much The Game Has Changed!!!
yes <3 , tell nialler to bring some extra food over , all I have are doritos !
Finishing up my work day...then football then #amwriting on
I assumed the inauguration invites were divvied out using a donor list. How DO they decide?
If anyone has seen my balls, they froze off somewhere between my house and the gym. $25.00 reward for safe return.
Ohh yeah.. a "MASSAGE"..right! -__- | ": A massage is very much needed right now.. Pronto... ASAP... A houra.. You get my drift"
I was just about to say that ^.^
Nice to meet you on Saturday!
I was literally 3 cents short of not having to charge groceries at meijer. How does that even happen? THREE CENTS.
LOL. I was just kidding. That navigation reset sucks. Especially if you misplace the code and have to have it reprogrammed.
s/o to for rockin the dooley on stage tonight!
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
dude I think everyone tht you were already a shoe in....we were all shocked at home too, so please, don't let it get ya down!
#LAMHarvard THickerson: Don't converge LAM communities. Bring specific LAM knowledge sets to common issues.
Haha, I'm not sure. I just figured I would go with my gut, my slayed/slain gut.
Definitely. 4.2 should be available on the live demo next week.
great meeting you at the Madison last week! #bigthings for
Wow, I loved that duet singing "American Girl" on
LMFAO yup, my bad, this auto spell be killin my typin haha. 6 Flags u know
Thanks friend. The hardest part right now is getting her to rest. She wants to move with the pack.
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day to do us some confiscating.
Ate some cheesy bites and mozzarella sticks earlier. Starting to regret it. :(
If your in Pikesville Maryland Saturday September 25. My band, Tall In The Saddle will be playing a free concert from 6pm to 9 pm
I know a "bxxxh" when I see one.
Ladies do homework on your man
Welp, I guess it's a good thing I got ahead on page count last night, since I completely forgot to write a word tonight...
Working on some great things. Get ready :-)
Flatliners is on Netflix Instant, I have actually never seen it -but since it's due for a remake, I might as well watch it and then complain
Drinks and dancing tonight!
Wow, I just started following on a whim. We'll see where this goes.
There can be only one.
I'm talking all of it.
Also purchased- 2 copper key 'vintaged' tees on clearance in the juniors dept at Yes, yes I am a shopping addict.
Sorry we missed opportunity to help you get word out. How did it go?
happy birthdayy too you too (:
Good Morning Tweets! Beautiful Morning! So Sunny!
Totally proud of my middle daughter who scored her first basket ball points tonight. 4 perfect foul shots.
u made yo decision u ain't gotta keep talking to me, im good wit one less nigga in my circle. im pretty sure u will be too
Thanks for the tweets.
Fast Facts: Cyclic Vomiting is persistent nausea and vomiting, sometimes accompanied by lethargy.
We need more employees, So guys come and join us and make your career bright !!!
totally agree..Seafood Shack in particular looks like tons of fun.
why are you following wiz khallifa
Missing old friends </3
LOL, so you have a sm cock? I wouldnt really tweet that around. Or you just wanna make it rain like all The time....
Finally! The Pizza you deserve! Fresh and Authentic, Kentucky's First, and only, Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
lucky you for having a mom who's cool with it!
Ravens announce CB Cary Williams signs second round tender and signing of NT Ryan McBean.
Very original!! We love it! RT : Beautiful! see how ASID member Bobbi Moore uses Olioboard for client presentations:......
How often does your power go out, if you don't mind me asking? I am trying to understand the issue...
Lastnight was a blurr. I was pelt
Dude where's my car?
In-N-Out Howard
the first day back after winter break is a heartbreaker for me.
S/O !!! Bra stay promoting!!
cop a small
So I have one bff now
ahaha i know ! <3 he's so #Adorable (:
Where should I take my son for a 3 hour daddy time? He is 20 month old.
How do you keep yourself from adopting them all?!
Looking forward to-Watermelon marinated in olive oil & fresh mint then tossed w/feta cheese, arugula & cucumbers & finished w/balsamic glaze
Just spilled coffee on my tights, yay.
Hanging out in #BayView with good friends on a Friday night.
I love my true family!
Lots of little kids giving each other #TEDtalks... what would that look like?
you're so very posh. BTW - I love One Direction.
I was just starting to like Dropbox. Oh well. I be fickle. :o(
yup ;D I feel safer that way haha
THROUGH YOU at The Plaza Theater Orlando 9/11!
We have tons of classes through out the week!! DO WORK SON!
But that's real shit we all wanted to impress somebody and ended up gettin embarrassed
“: Bus ride to the game was silent!! Not cause there wasn't anything to talk about, cause we r ready! #focused #highexpectations”
RT embrace 2 heresies: sometimes it's what we show and DON'T show, sometimes it's what we say and DON'T say
hello again it me
If you are not committing any sins, you are probably not having a lot of fun.
": Thanks everyone for the retweets about punching me in the face" I didn't !
So weird to get home from work and have it still be light out.
PUCK OH MY GOD IM CRYING
Sometimes when I'm bored I pee sitting down.
i texted you today.
Roses are red. Violets are unicorns. This poem doesn't make any sense. Refrigerator. (:
I need only 3 more tweets n i will have 300 tweets!!!
The Beatles , my puppy and watchin the sun come up is perfect
“If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work
cool thing about translating an iPhone app is that you feel like you're doing something epic but you're not.
70 degrees today and I am lucky enough to be able to shoot outside....
Thanks! I'm psyched about it.
my mom asks what im doing up so late... really it was only 1:30... #Wow!!!
Very excited to have Milwaukee’s own playing our house tonight. Stop in to support your local artists!
Absolutely filthy spin move for Monte Ball who just scored his 30th TD of the season.
"At your own pace?" What do you mean?
It makes me laugh that the #superbowl always makes everyone think they are expert advertising critics!!
Kobe = unconscious
Good Nite, Tweeters I think Twitter is the best thing since (Sliced Bread). So many intellectual indvidiuals.You all are AWESOME!!!!!Love 2U
Hahaha omg the bio tho... Everyone in Cincy go look at their tweets & follow.. hahaha
I will say that I never expected it either. Laker fans - yes, but Rockets?????
Next year is going to be the best.
idk what kind of shit he got, it better be good that's all I know
: funny stuff. & take some pretty great pics. is pre...
About five seconds after hearing the news, I no longer care about the Brangelina engagement. Not sure why I cared for those 5 seconds.
ok great! thx
Learning a lot from this #Scorpio compatibility page <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Signing up for my next & putting together a team. #KappaChiKickass woot! Woot!
I'm presenting a ClevelandClinic #UX study on April 24. Incl. a tour of labs. Super psyched! More later.
Hey mr bartender.... <mum follows you> Oh great have you seen a coke shop anywhere
I understand that, Paulette, but not offering e-books at all is actually more consistent with core library principles.
hahaha - yes!!! ---> "BTW, I will use your expression, "dagger!" as a go-to replacement for "oh sh!$!," from now on."
That's awesome! I want to go!
That is how it should be, looking out for
Made shrimp burritos for dinner. Not as good as #Mexico, but the next best thing!
i wouldnt be available until 1 p.m. central time or so.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool ima give him the biggest hug or maybe even kiss[;
70 degrees and Sunny at 7am in the Big Apple! Going for a run across the Williamsburg Bridge.
RT : Kate Upton is proof that if you're hot nobody will notice how bad of a ________________ you are.
I swear guys be acting like CHILDREN. Grow the hell up and get over yourself.
I just saw you...
“Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it’s off to work we go!” Walt Disney’s animated classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" premiered today in 1937.
to quit.
miss you too....u know I have a cell phone right?...ok just checking
So, Books and Culture is a magazine and therefore has its ups and downs like any other. (1/4)
cant stand my step dad nor my mom
Cleaning up the mess I made in my office yesterday when I threw everything in here to clean up the apartment.
“: Open source, FTW! It's a 48 hour Code-a-thon starting at 6 TONIGHT. Get to Austin Moose Lodge, coffee in hand.
great! Lots of runners have Sent testimonials about loving it! Nice to meet you!!
6:16 pm still have 2 showing appointments and 20 emails to get through. Been a good day:)
by : I-5 southbound off-ramp to West Seattle Freeway collision partially blocking right lane
And LA is like the ambivalent girlfriend you're pretty sure is cheating on you with somebody really lame.
Goshh Big Time Rush Are Sexy . :D Lmao ;
What's a coachella?
YOUR ARE LIMITED AS FAR AS YOUR MIND CAN TAKE YOU
Hi Rachel!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt
lmao.. Dawg look sloppy as ever
People only began looking down on them when they became primarily female professions.
I wish someone on the #Pens would step up ... This game has been so flat with the exception of Lovejoy's goal.
5-Star Blueberry Fruit Smoothies You won't believe how good four simple ingredients can taste until you try these refreshing blueberry fr
Music for writing, but Contemporary Jazz in general is my take!!
I want to retweet what you say, but your grammer is awful.
I try to follow all my followers. Its hard tho.
Say hi to John O'Mara for me. He is the American guy in the antiquarian section. Probably dressed in black.
oh. I'm sorry.
RT The jobs Boehner and the House GOP are worried about are the lobbyist gigs they have lined up if they lose.
gotcha!!! thanks
what city are you movino to?
what would we do man ?
Thomas O'Mally.
When do you finish ID school?
Wait.... American Idol is still a thing?
thanks, i'll definitely check it out. I've been in the market for a quality iPad stylus for a while.
We are looking for promoters! Help us promote and you could win an item from the webshop for it! These contests begin on 1 January 2011!
Everything dies at one time... Example: Phone, IPod, & Laptop...
maybe... I like my diagnosis of pulmonary internal grandpa better.
Formula for inner peace: Start the day by exploring your inner thoughts & feelings, and vividly imagine and feel your goals & dreams.
Thanks. Nothing has been published just presented; on a related note, we teach a course on masculinity in the HS where I teach
such an amazing documentary! i saw it years ago and found it very inspirational.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Jesus replied, "You do not realise now what I am doing, but later you will understand." John...
No prob God bless you too!! =)
Rafa. If Fed gets to the semis, Rafa is #2 if and only if he wins the tournament. If Rafa loses before the final, Fed's
let him free lol
A perfectly beautiful day with Skinny Body Fiber! Wearing my sexy dress this weekend at the Walk on the Wild at the Oakland Zoo.
Some advice for you: focus on BEING a Massie and NAWT dissing the other MB RPers out there. Then you'll be taken seriously.
Lets see if drafting Bryce Harper pays off!
HAHAHAHAH you're funny
I agree, the game should always be the first, but don't act like UofL will always "still kick ass" given the series record
sicck show tonight. new marshall halfstack. new tour van. it's all happening :)
We should skip dinner & get to the theater at 6 then. I'll have a late lunch to tide me over.
Chasing after something that was never mine in the first place...
Awesome. I'll be with Art Martinez.
There are several players in this space now, so not unique. The new is in the virtualization of the network
Ah~ tears of happiness. :)
what are your thoughts on the Opera controversy?
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER AH LOL THATS HOW I FEEL AT UR CONCERTS LOL LOVE YA:) <3!!!!!!!!!
": 19 years ago today, the #Sabres traded Darren Puppa, Dave Andreychuk, and a first round pick for Grant Fuhr." Omg I am old!
That must be my 80's-90's mega hit list lol
what up twitter, havent been on here lately,,its crunch time,
Doing what I do best...Thinking of brand new crazy of the wall ideas to succeed! Man...If people only knew. The day will eventually come! ;)
I don't usually play the lottery but $640 million can fund a lot of game projects!
That Is Terrible!
Out with hailey, mack, and zach(:
tonight. the mapes, 1/2 ast, thee swank bastards, bargoyles, the vermin, and more at the double down. free!!!
Yes announcer, I KNOW the 19th St exit is closed at Dupont, & that my life has been all the more complicated b/c of it
Good morning, thanks for the retweet. May God's Word speak to you today exactly what you most need.
Nat'l Kiss Day??? who makes this stuff up? pucker up baby!
Hey Whats UP?
Are you reeling in the years?
HELL YEAH! I was hoping they would! RT: : GB traded up again!
Texas In July, Close Your Eyes, and War of Ages are the next three bands up. Get down to the New Daisy for Scream The Prayer now!
Whenever I think of Martha Washington, I think of George Washington in a dress.
Long day at work. Treating myself to a (relatively) healthy dinner (and BEER)
Sold! Are any of the stores in Milwaukee stocking that yet?
W.U.R.U.P.R........NO Comment... Once it starts you already know what it is
RT : Thank god for getting all these bananas. W/o them I'd be forced to eat non-gorilla kosher.
To many, the most prominent feature of DH may be the hype surrounding it.
So I submit that we all get together Mar. 16, 2013 and look back on today as the Day the Internet Exploded.
glad to be of service!
lolz like when u see a spoon :P
random thought I Throw Up Rainbows&Unicorns!!!! #Faggy Until The Day I Die
Just had a phone call where the man ended the conversation with "Thank you for being nice!" Day made. :-)
#ThatOnePerson that always has to do something stupid and mess up a group photo
Thank you for the follow
Would it be cool if I msg you right now? RT for yes! (:
Awesome! Thanks.
u know u want some knee pads just for fun to have around the house or do u prefersocks
Going back to CA tomorrow!
“: Would've loved to have been on the taxi with you !”...crazy driver was making slide back and forth on seat! Hard to text!
I think I get my fake personality from my mom
I don't know what worse, watching AJ Burnett implode or Joe McKnight trying to play football.
Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
you're not cool because you smoke weed, but you do look cool lol .
I'm getting xrays and check up tomorrow.
Came home to a blackout. Finally getting to cook dinner now that my power is back on.
Creative class jobs leverage 2 kinds of skills: analytical or cognitive skills and social intelligence skills.
Come out & see Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
When the person you love doesn't feel the same way about you<<<<<<
what remains to be seen is whether the Clips can close when the other team doesn't hand it to them
yep being in college comes with good things. I'm sorry you're sick :( get better.
Hanging out at Starbucks! Furlough day, thanks Jimmy Doyle.
in the time of His favor, he heard me, and in the day of salvation, He helped me
How do you have so many followers ?! ? :o
Music and solitare! :)
Awesome. Glad you found some good stuff. I'm out in Cali but heard the store is looking great.
Dream chasers 2! So dope!
The simplest ideas are always the best!
The guy from Parks and Recreation won the PGA tournament yesterday.
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures.
Each truth you learn will be, for you, as new as if it had never been written.
where there is love there is also pain.
No one touches my hair. Your hand will get slapped >.>
looks really pretty in her twitcon :)
Sometimes I think, are you serious god? Is this what you left me to work with here on earth? idiot morons, please just kill me now.
Never let you're past hold you back from your future
#b2bchat hey all...Dave here....I'm going to try to participate...but I may be in and out until I get home
Orders of the day coming from Angelica Demopoulos in Denver and homegrown Nicki Vorlorb. Awesome last names.
OK, you got me. I've actually watched every episode of South Park and jumped at the chance to write that post.
Do you know what I need more of in my life? , that's what.
#NF ** Super Fly Tights and Bodysuits
Broke bitches so crusty DISGUST ME!
Room nearly ready. Waiting to check in.
lol not at all
as soon as their done, I will put out the link.
I love it. I'd been thinking of a good way to do this for the longest. The only thing missing is a simultaneous view of the user.
Work tonight ought to be fun...not
Safe Travels, love your work. And your mask. ;)
TGT IS BACK ALL SUPPORTERS!!!!! THEY UNLEASHED APRIL 20 SO GET READY FOR MORE REAL RNB MUSIC
lol i guess yours must be shit then cause my cars piss xD
@#onlyblackpeoplesay do you have some hot chps
Ehh. Close enough. I'll just hang out with you. My birthday is in August too. What day is yours?
Last time I checked. Last time I CHECKED; I aint even have ta CHECK.
“: ah I just realised my black piercings were broken last night :/” lmao poor you everything broke last night
Both the kiddos are sick :( breaks my heart. But were just gonna have a laid back day and watch some movies.
Common Core standards unlikely to impact student achievement unless effectiveness of instructional materials can be measured.
You see. I have SO much new stuff for you guys.. I wanna give it to you all. BUT BLAME MY MANAGER, JON(: Come on Jon let's give em something
Ok we starting first battle is lil sexy vs krazy k
Producing apparel line now for really sweet basketball project. This one has some horsepower!!
I love how unsensitive my family is...
Did we really just release 9 iPad apps this week? Yes, Yes we did! That a whole lot of QA and Testing for one week.
#Ew my dad was trying to tickle me feet by scratching his toe nails on them. Congrats you grossed me out instead!
I keep doing some serious thinking lately... #realtalk I'm mentally drained...
Im so fucking cold and tired.
Congrats guys! Love the app! P.S. I heard I missed out on a lunch with the Bean Brothers...I want a do-over.
Got chills as Christina Aguilera sang "Bound to You" in Burlesque. Prettiest she's ever looked. That's the legendary we love.
I was just kidding baby(: I like you bunches(:
thanks for the follow back. Love your steaks and the atmosphere.
Twestival coming April 30th Boulder Coffee @ Brooks Landing. Be there, I will. A great opportunity to meet and network with your pears.
go for it!
the #Lakers are getting embarrassed. This is absolutely pathetic.
What substances, found in plant foods, are not essential nutrients but have health-promoting properties?
baha bahaha, yeah, that one is pretty awesome.
BETTY LASH is still offering $100 OFF A SET of LASHES for NEW CLIENTS! (EXPIRES JULY 10th) Hurry tweets, Friday is almost here!!
no, it's not on me.
I guess all NU'EST fans are NUSES now.
Ya live and ya learn
Elway on #Tebow continued: "He has a bright future in this league, and I’m hopeful he will enjoy continued success with the Jets.”
YES! Wise choice.
If your gonna lie at least lie good.
...it is, gettin, so hot, I wanna take my boots off. Beautiful spring day!
Thank you Linda!!
The best way to be innovative is to keep moving and be in curious.
paul where have you been?! I miss you!
I wanna hit da beach today so bad!! Ah well, circumstances beyond my control. Still got da rest of da year. Lol.
It's always something.
Idol never likes my favorites What did I ever do to them lol
What in the shit is up with the traffic today? Good Lord.
I was unaware anyone gave a fuck about what Jeb Bush thinks. RT : RT : John King says Jeb Bush will endorse Romney
SO EXCELLENT! Serendipity on a Monday -- there's something for the history books.
Sorry guys. It was a attempt at a funny visual. I'll endeavor to be more serious.
You can donate to the Red Cross at any HEB at the register. I'm at Wm Cannon and Brodie til 10a.
who the fuck does think he is? Walking in and out of my life like that n shit. Don't even play that
did you see Tiny Furniture? Lena Dunham (star, writer, and director of Girls) second film. So great.
how are the ankles? hope u have a great rehab and come back stonger next yr, you had a great rookie yr!!
Morning Kings & Queens!
Yoga today and another week of training and I will be able to wear my size 24 Jeans
Speculating about the outside temperature without opening the door to check is basically the most useless way to spend the morning.
Just followed my kid through an indoor playground. I feel like a beached whale, only larger and more awkward. Wake up call? Stay tuned.
oh wow! Safe travels and good luck running your half marathon!
Police said both sides of Amsterdam will be closed to pedestrians. Obama coming that way?
Yes. Yes I am.
O Father in heaven,Let Your Will Be Done
Stephen...Can't get enough of him.
Finally reading "Brewing up a Business" by Sam Calagione
God morning! I hope you all have that feeling that it's gonna be a great day like I do. Oh! Follow too (:
thank you also.
What are you gonna be for Halloween?
#YouWereCuteUntil i met your personality.
Thanks for following.
Something special arrived in the mail today. Yes! My AARP card! Of course I'm not eligible to join until...uh, Wednesday...
And if I am getting 3 grand a year back from the IRS I am changing my withholding.
If you can't treat your girl right she's gunna find someone who can....
EP Album cover design is almost done.....check back soon!
Perfume… stop it.
Now Boozer has 3 fouls...Bulls front line in foul trouble
vincent jackson, anyone?
BITCH , I might be! Omfg paypay I miss your cray ass! <3
Nice! Did you wave at him?
Was he commitmented to his sport? Is he the best center ever? Questions coming from his dominance over the NBA being short lived.
Everyone works on defending the post and normal screens - how many work on defending screens with the ball in the post?
yea leavin yu like that smh ..wats sup wit ppl these days
girls that think they know about sports shut up n they suck!!
Pride is the #1 ingredient in a bowl of loneliness!
“I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.” -Jimi Hendrix
please check your dms. its important.
why have i been so thirsty all day?!?!?
my coworker seriously just shushed someone.
to do something productive...
I love you! Oh wait I'm just kidding.
Hello May<3 about a month and 8 days of school left((: June 8 please come faster.
what he gets for always forgetting to put in his mouthpiece
One listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part II tells u the Beasties are still one of world's most influential bands.
Derby Event @ Fizz = most stylish party this side of Kentucky. You'd better wear suspenders.Tell Steph to hat it up.
Good night / morning
there are only a few things on this earth that I enjoy more than an entire house of college kids chanting "U S A!".
Sen Schumer has such a deft, slippery tongue! A 5-4 vote striking health care is activiusm; 5-4 upholding is sound jurisprudence, and more..
Yea. I do too. both games I am so addicted to. Lol. I don't play everyday though, but when I do play them I don't want to quit
im not livin' if you're not by my side.
Not bad so far, Eli. I expected so much less so this is great. Also, can't wait for Will Ferrell next week.
Tomorrow is the big day!! And tickets are sold out.
650k is what Mosley got for his fight...
It's a fine line for sure. You can't treat it so much like a business that you don't have fun...
The wrong girls get all the attention.
what happen Sista
Headed back to Lexington with
USF's library has so many books available with online access that I hardly need to go there anymore. I miss it!
"Outline your life in pencil not pen."
- You Know ! S M H . . Just Too Much. You Have Too Many Personalities . . Lol QT : lol, damn y not
Logan Lerman literally makes me want to die. He's so pretty. Marry me. Please!
Do you think hallmark has "Happy Black Wednesday" cards yet? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> + <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B2>+ <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>nes<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>!
If it's raining hard
So confused..
Your "Recommendation Roundup" tweet was excellent. Your Twitter picture is a good one too. BTW, you Twitter advice worked.
I think the creator of all schools should give a knife a blow job.. -drew hill (mybestfriend)
I figured cause it was daylight and its damn near midnight out there.
I missed 'The Pitch' last nite. was it good, bad?
Tonight on Frontline, J-School jointly produces “CSI” story
More to the point -- I'm an aunt. I have 3 nephews that are happy, healthy, & fat. My sister is an idiot, but she means well as a mom.
Yahoo! Study: One-half of TV viewers multitask on the computer while watching TV; 20% are multitasking on mobile. RT
no problem, u give awesome hugs too =) and aww <3 #ansonclan !
You know what sucks? College.
that meal was good to me.
Morning loves <U+E41C>
Back-to-back breakdowns by Duck defense leads to 2nd Badger TD. Ducks LB let Ball free on 3rd down and D lost track of Wilson on TD
Knock Knock. Who's there! Beryl! Beryl who? Beryl of beer!
'Mali is in a big mess at the moment', NPR Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
Well this is disappointing. I'm hungry.
Lol ": Remember when Shreve, almost dated Darian? Me neither."
Whoop whoop! RT": Fucking finally Mimi is twenty one. It's about damn time, I love that woman."
CODE RED: It's National Puppy Day! Quick, bust out the adorable puppy photos and collectively let out a single, well-deserved "aww!"
so stoked man!!
Glad you and the 2 dozen Dodger fans in the stands enjoyed it. Pathetic. There were more people at my kid's game tonight.
shh don't tell my secrets :)
uh ok
you already gone for
I usually get that question on the phone. I would slug somebody if they said that to my face!
That is the best photo. Surfing on a dolphin, in a cowboy suit, with a boombox. A black guy. Good shit.
#aboutme like i listen to beiber as well
When it comes to ESPN First Take, I've heard more coherent, more mature, more educated sports debates at college parties and local bars.
Cheadle! You're not going to miss this show TWICE, are you?
Sorry peeps....We will not be today but the truck will be ready for this weekend! Anthem CC Sun 10a-3p and back to normal next week!
He still looked faster than any other OSU defender..no athletes ": Ryan Shazier said he started today's game about 90%, but dro."
No problem! Don't tell anyone, but the Aquarium has always been my favorite part of Baltimore!
a bit conceited now r we?
haha, cools. PSI don't hate you...like I said your not trusted. But you seem to make her happy, so that makes me happy for her.
The flying standby uncertainty and stress has begun. Getting to Phuket is the most ambitious standby trip I've ever planned.
Many prefer it, and with a 19 year life expectancy versus a 17 year one for electric, gas seems quite appealing.
just saw tila tequila in a Jack-in-the-Box commercial.
Waiting for some time and will start unfollowing who are not following my account
the drums sound so sick!
can u help and retweet???? I'm looking for a decent partner on the east coast in HS... My PSN is xxsky-reign2...
he's a pro, and he's a man, NO one blame him for doing what comes' naturally--he's a ball player, and who wouldn't want to be?
#SustUnbound Lane thinks rational choice theory has silenced this whole factor, "what kind of person do I want to be?"
Added the free e-book to my site. I am so happy it's done...now on to my video course. www.freelancewritingincome.com to check it out!
One day I'll stop caring.... I hope...
WEDNESDAYS = $1 Rumplemintz Shots & $2.50 Import Bottles! TOMORROW is Pizza & Pitcher Night - Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
I smell stinky feet. That ain't right.
Man, fuck this weather in the ass.
Pray for the tsunami victims in Japan.
great young hunters on twitter.
Season's change
good choices!
I would love to but I always work during his show. I've always wanted to call and get involved but my 70hrs/wk makes it hard
Watched Shark Night 3D it was ok i guess but i jumped like 19 times LOL
Houston got the blue group!! TAS, Oceano, The Chariot, Volumes, IF&F, FATS, Close To Home but LMTF for use.
so happy to find out that the NOPD is putting out a warrant for your arrest....you talked your way right into jail. too late.
#Echelon3000 Tomorrow w/ Meek Mills ! #HOUSEPARTY ...
Most people spend their lives fleeing pain, rather than seeking love. **Pursue love-1 Corinthians 14:1a*
It's Friday, yup. “: Overheard at the office from : "I can get virality out of #yourmom"”
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials.
Are you working for ESPN in India?
Have to do some community service stuff for school today. Blah.
Not being wrong doesn't necessarily make you right.
I've watched part of it but went to Target and made me pause it!
and now what?
I love my new house and hanging by the fireplace when its cold Like this.
depending how much I get paid
“: Here's to the girls who can recite every line in "Mean Girls"”
New Years Eve!!!
The last Oprah Show is on!
Dang that sucks! Well good luck! I have my last final later today! I'm so happy to finally be done.
is saying she's never experienced a ratchet party where girls are twerking on the wall upside down lmao!
Then he replied "if I get it. At least I'll be next to you". :) that is the sweetest thing I've heard. ^_^
Hm hm hmm....I could really go for some McDonalds right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
Only really bad part was begin hooked 2 all those machines with no one by my side in ICU
So first some boy tried to kiss me in school today then some other boy tried to put his # in my phone #ImAwesome (:
damn. Wish I'd seen it!!
Everything has been going really well, thanks! Sorry I missed seeing you. Coffee soon?
Went to Dairy Queen did not cave! YAY
we should wait till hes on! Lol
Working my way through the 1000 emails in my inbox....delete, delete, delete, unsubscribe, delete, unsubscribe, delete...
So far a quiet day, hubby making me dinner. I'm watching the paint on my nails dry. Lol!
I loved seeing your Christmas card on comicbook blue paper! #nerdcool Thanks!
it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
because your amazing , just the way you are . <3
The amount the BPOC team has accomplished is amazing. Kudos!
great birthday. the beach. #pfchangs. and the #Gamecocks sweep their opening series. gotta love it!
Powwow today? Might as well lol
Good mornin' peeps! I hope you have a good'n!
not nearly as lucky as Big Show. Nash nearly killed him delivering the same move.
Lookin 2 waste all that time freed up without Sex! Well
Just ordered (a real, non-Kindle) copy of #Murakami's new novel, 1Q84. Haven't been this excited since the final Harry Potter
D'oh! I forgot about tonight's Final Four! No wonder NYC is packed with College Basketball fans.
I left my living room window open today. I come home to my couch, floor and kitchen counter covered in dirt.
I'm going to miss my best friend more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Imma true to my game type bitch aint no dick worth losing what I got..I'm a good girl and nobody gonna make me look different
RT : you deserved a beautiful day! >>>You too! Happy New Day Doll!
you welcome! Merry Christmas.
Breaking Pizza News! Camos Brothers Pizza now has a THIRD location! On Capital Blvd in Raleigh near Triangle Town Center...opening soon!
Jazz! I miss you!
lol no worries either way!
My pleasure James!
Too cold!
yep! downloaded the (free!) app last night, and that's how I tracked my breakfast
New Christian Album ITUNES release in December! Our 2012 Tour for charity will be in the spring/summer of next year! Stay in touch..Thanks!
RT San Diego Association of Black Journalist gave away $50,000 in scholarships. Planting seeds for our future!
When people unfollowed you they were not true beliebers. True beliebers stick with you no matter what. #stickwithbiebs <3
Energy Sec. Chu gives himself an A for his work on energy policy. Obviously he's grading on a curve.
hey whts your # so u can send me those pics of the test nd the homework
like it should have lol
i think i finally figured it out. If you wanna check it out go to aaronfryklund.com to the works page. It's reading from mysql
Most of y'all saying y'all ready for summer like you bout that life…. y'all aint gonna be doing SHIT but chilling at the crib.
Out at the golf range getting my practice in cause practice makes permanent.
Watching Aristocats with
Hello :-) Thought about u this morning as I was writing. Injecting part of my prom experience,into my #WIP, lol..how r u?
Are you the one in the blue or red?
Bass Lake is a crazy good place to do a comedy show....i think i called upon the spirit of John Candy to deal with a whole table of hecklers
Wring the Most Out of a Trade Show - BusinessWeek
Litigation class starts Monday!
And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity. Colossians 3:14
Great (albeit sad) illustration of the need for marriage equality.
I can finally get some McDonald's breakfast :)
Follow me and , because unlike #RollingStone we don't interview #JustinBeiber www.thewaster.com for real music coverage.
Setting up the afters....
- thank you so much for asking! :-) My daughter pressed the send button before I was done typing. Lol
Schoolin' students on navigation types and design processes on creating effective navigation.
"Struggle is a never ending process. Freedom is never really won you earn it and win it in every generation." - Coretta Scott King
love those guys
I think I might grab tickets for Wednesday. I can't miss that!
cannot wait to see finally wreakin some havoc on the field again...how many picks u gonna get this year? GO BROWNS
People who snap their chewing gum are annoying as all hell. It's rude and tacky. I always want to scream at people who do that but I don't.
Great to share with Manny and Jerome to Manila leaders today on Now on to and !
Hilarious! I belong to Urban Active too. My membership ends next week since I'm moving across town. I'll miss that gym a lot.
today would be a great day to wash the whips
RT RT Sigh. Northwestern. Still just a golf school # NU
What a win by man city today. Probably the greatest game/win in their history.
If I get 1.000 Followers I'll Make a Follow Back on <3 You Can tell me a Number, how much I should follow
cheer up buttercup! :)
15 innings and counting without a run for
whoa easy thunder got talent but we don't suck! Mamba got next game relax
RT : Can't find the right words but I love you.
They were under .500 for most of the season and wound up almost beating the mighty Celtics.
street mafia in karachi must be eliminated, uprooted and destroyed. people must work
ok ima text u in a llil cause im gettin ready 4 bed 4 work
I saw people talking about the Mack and I saw all of your names...I was pissed that i didn't get back on
Music makes the world go around!
Worry does not take the pain out of tomorrow; it merely takes the joy out of today.
Happy friday to all you #HCG "Losers"! Have a good weekend and remember... NO CHEATS!
and I enjoyed chatting with you at the Latina 15th Party!
Love changes everything.
oh my goodness yes please!
ya! Always up to shoot around :)
And it's time for
H.A.G.S. everyone! LYLAS! BFFAEAEAE!
go back to camp before you burn the house down. And I know corn is being done inside...don't lie to me!!
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
and besides if u hate 1D so much why waste so much time and effort in saying so...attention much?
Thank you for tweeting last night's blog!
Be bold! #Donors want to be part of the big idea. Donors want to have an impact.
Is there such thing as a 311 in progress?
Game over. Win the series tomorrow.
No excuses.
Live your DREAM! Don't worry about anyone else!
Don't be scared to take it to the head (:
a big KISS 2 u from me ;) “: I miss all of you!! Kisses from Dallas!”
Definitely not!
If bees smell fear, I'm done for.
is aware of this!?
Verizon's website: call to upgrade my phone. Unfortunately, I'm upgrading because my old phone ISN'T WORKING right now. Stupid Verizon.
Don't do it Jerika
#Graphic #Friday: Sometimes a picture just needs a little tweak to make it look more amazing.
ah aight den
send us a video since you don't know how to pick up the phone
COME TO CHICAGO !
For example, reminded us at last #LCSN event that ur customer is EVERYWHERE. Think about that
Say my prayers and hit the hay!
Early indicators of impact & engagement in personal learning tools are promising, says
It's a Christmas Miracle!
Soo if yo man would rather club than see u after 3 weeks... tht means.. ?
When u have something good...don't ruin it or waste time! That's childish! Life isn't a game!
i wasnt a fan of the signing but there were really no other options out there if i remember correctly
Buy the ticket, take the ride
Fans of The Weeknd received a huge surprise during his live set at Hollywood, California’s Hollywood Forever on Saturd
i have 2 months to find a date for the wedding, or start dating someone, though idk if that will ever happen. lol oh well.
Add to Team Carl, since his tweets r sports-dominated.
Finally caught up with the #CelebrityApprentice So glad that they finally got rid of Dayana! Even if it was six board rooms late...
excellent defense on d rose by shumpert ,,
Sometime God brings you to a point of #loneliness to increase your hearing. Time to listen.
I just want 50 cents for every unit you sell
It's going, plane crash. You ain't need no seat belt. These bitches didn't cum , why the fuck they seat melt? (;
Nice! RT “: As always, a great call with talking #24HOBINDY. They are excited to make this a great event for the community!
Town Hall recap is next on the agenda!
Shower-Check(: clothes-Check(: Old Spice-Check(: Axe-Check(: Breakfast-nope):
I got the "please don't cry in our office" $100 discount off my impounded car.
Improv Intensive at Second City this weekend. Bring it!
That being said, I don't expect more than 17 wins.
Love these deep philosophical conversations
We're so excited to send our first round of fundraising letters out to schools in Atlanta that want an easy way to raise funds. #overjoyed!
The good news is that I will be working with Chris on his project doing Foley (sound FX, sound)!
Cold. Summers are warm and winters are snowy.
Thanks for the RT! Appreciate it! :)
that would maybe work. Or call me.
i'm installing cpanel and whm in centos 6.2 on my linode. if that gets you hot, buy me dinner and i'll tell you more. ;-)
Good morning everyone!
i mean
Some gay guys remind me of Ms. Doubtfire
I've never seen such a cute smile till i saw yours <3
Nina Simone, your music was the truth!
I'm so relieved everything went as planned today!!
I just wanna eat REAL food.
that's a super way to invite! Let me know details of what you're looking for and I'll see if I have something great to say
I have great friends. Some people dont. Family/friends/co-workers. People on a daily basis=awesome.
so true, love this quote Mike.
Say somethin if you feeling the vibe nanana <U+2665>
aw, I get them when I have my period
work out...for the 2nd time in a row
that's is why Im dreading the upcoming holiday lol
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy season-ender for Criminal Minds on CBS
Good to hear. I'm okay, so excited it's Thursday.I want to sleep this weekend.I'm still recovering from day/morning switches
Someone in respond to the flaming lips iPad techno thing: "that doesn't sound like Woody!"
Til death do us part, we'll rot hand in hand
get on the mic
#icanttakeyouseriously if u always call me and block ur #
thar she blows
sorry i haven't been around much since school started. i hope everyone is doing good. jj
dont forget they have to go into Norman,OK Lubbock, TX and of course Austin, TX
kunoichi means female ninja :'D
When I'm tired and texting, I make no sense at all sometimes. lol
I did
TGIF!!!! Good morning!!
Thanks for the shout-out!
He has the weirdest names for me :] but i love everyone of them
Holy cow the vikings-bears game was worse than a shitty bowl game!
such a relief. all the things they sucked at they did well in that game. good bullpen, good timely hitting, just a good win
Tomorrow night needs to come faster!
yeah. Falk wins primary in Ozaukee and Waukesha counties by landslide! They love her there.
So when you say "traffic has gone to the dogs" you really mean it. ;-}
was good before and now with #singit your are like 100x awesomer!! Keep up the good work Rebecca((:
Make it rain bitch.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy holiday <3 BHBP
Check out my youtube page if you get a chance. It's listed on my twitter page. I just did a cover of Dyer's Eve.
Enjoying occasional outbreaks of philosophy arguments at #ncbo (now on deterministic ontology vs. probabilistic clinical practice)
Chivalry is dead today.
in the colony w/ my seester & niece :) bored af tho..
The Pauly D Project!!
We are a school, not a political affiliation. I fail to see how our talk on freelance video work has to do with reps vs dems
Apartment hunting in LP.. ready for some change people
Thank God this woman is crazy otherwise I'd be all alone. She is adoration in 140 characters #FollowFriday (via )
More snow tomorrow! Bring it ON
"Quiet minds...go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm." --Robert Louis Stevenson
lets keep in touch I am a massage therapist to alot of people you and others you may not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
this saturday we at st. andrews, im doin
bet I.LL set it up and get back
me : heath i have to tell you someing
I love that quote and isn't it amazing how a bad memory comes in handy at times, but it also can be a real poor excuse
I told my 10 yr old son tommy rees got arrested his response was good then he asked what for
Whoa. #ACC RT Two sources have confirmed that Seth Greenberg has been fired as Virginia Tech men's basketball coach.
U R Welcome! Thanks for sharing good Info!
Real reason #pens lost is was not last player off ice in warmup. Letang stayed on ice to do interview after Geno left.
#Heat PA announcer says Stoudemire "extinguished" after 6th foul. Funny or classless?
you acopleishon with me, Paz and the other xddd.
#ILOVECAKE its alright ;) and don't worry about it babe :) x
Following contains colorful language, I just read about red and it made me blue, now i'm green with envy and yellow belly too!
Come on #RealMadrid!
should not have stooped to your level. Mea Culpa.
I keep hearing bad news bout my boy todd
Bright eyes.
Just me fucking round let me know what yall think
ill join u
Im just sayin you could do better
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 67F Fair: 67F Fair
What's up Kansas City.
WE NEED TO FIRE REID...
Ooh! Bad makeup, Oprah! Not cute standing there in ATL with Whitney's family.
thx for letting us know, Dion!
Aw, thanks!
Wow. has by far the worst customer service phone line in history. *Literally* been on hold for 2 hours —TWICE!
I'm reading this article about how they were having success in the States but I've never heard of them
Guess I won't be getting Bronco tickets below face value next year.
haven't been this excited for a season finale in a long time!
you show up with your parent to interview with me = no job.
GOPACKGO We have had alot worse things happen STILL A PROUD OWNER
yea I'm home
Sending images can be very helpful when doing pitches to editors.
My boyfriend always comes thru for me. No matter what. He's my best friend & soul mate <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
in one hour i will be one year "younger" i decided instead of older ;) ;)
Holy crap, you're verified already! I'm voting for you all season, don't you worry ;) (a follow would be nice)
I wish it was legal to punch/slap/kick others.
Thanks to all the 2012 Olympians we interviewed yesterday at the USOC Times Square event! Great at sports but BETTER at rapping and flexing
and btw i think ur cute
Trying to. We should catch up. Got some good news last week. DM your personal email address.
Congrats to our pals at Veterinary Emergency & Specialty Center for being awarded the 2012 AAHA Referral Hospital of the Year!
“: Couldn't be more happy and proud to be an inductee to the Saints hall of Fame especially with owner Mr Tom Benson”<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Back atcha man ill check it out now. If you get a chance peep my music out links in my info
That video is HOTT!!!!!!
The Nuggets dont have a lot of talent but they are scrappy.
There are too many people, and too few human beings.
I have firm lunch plans for Fri, so let's snag those Thursday spots.
Nobody knowz Your Destiny; Unless You Allow People To Design And Force You To Accept The Definitionz Of The Ones They Have 4 You
Agreed. We need INFORMED & EDUCATED contributors, ED!
Cant't some people exept Who you like even if they did make mistakes in the past?
Dear people labeling folders: "current year" not a helpful designation.
Clutter is the official language used by corporations to hide their mistakes. - William Zinsser
She Steady Staring At That Guy Like She Has A Chance. Hope Is All Some People Have.
lol Chris I can't imagine u wid that hair rofl
Saludos!! love your game keep it up bro #StayFocus #Yankees RT
#PartOfMe just wants to let you elect #Obama or #Romney and continue down a path to ruin.
Any chance U can squeeze my fiancee and I in Sunda tomorrow for the Valentines day special after 7 Please. Thanks. Peter! :) :0
i'm glad you came ..
Did damage at again! Love my new black paperbag shorts, pink dress and yellow top!
Sales of Apple's Verizon iPhone predicted to top 1M in first week
That place was completely crazy (in a good way). Hope u didn't get socked with a massive tab!
Next Broadway Show I must see is 'A Streetcar Named Desire' with Blair Underwood, Nicole Ari Parker and Wood Harris! Can't wait!!! :-)
When downtown there is nothing better than people watching while you're on your way to your destination
Daytime drinking gives me the worst headache.
HELLO HOW ARE YOU
Come and add your comment to my trend #YouKnowWhatReallyBugsMe?
“: Cask No. 50.45 has taste notes of chocolate raisins, red apples and lemon! #YUM #FLAVOR #WHISKY” Sounds SO delicious!
I will rise up stronger than before
Hi Jo, thanks for answering, I just kinda of kick back for now hopping to tweet with beautifyl women like you. Never see you
Massive congrats to on the big win at the BikeBiz awards! Well done!
the last girl to hit me with a pool cue i didn't speak to for about 3 years - come to think of it i don't speak to her still
FYI: Doing my Streaming Pitcher picks for tomorrow. Phil Hughes, NYY is in a class above all other options tomorrow.
preparing 7 courses of cherry dishes, for tonight's dinner. Barre Phillips and Mark Dresser are performing!
Congrats on the milestone- you'll be up to 6k in no time!
Our apologies for the confusion. Glad to hear the gloves were in stock on the site. Thanks again for being a loyal customer!
Pretty sweet, but I choked and just got a Diet Coke with cherry. Looking fwd to exploring my $5.50 soda options in grtr depth.
My world is all blue and full of joy!
There goes another $20K!
how's about art ed classrooms? or sports med, or just history majors? a wealth of students in need of job experience surround you!
Oh I know... Just having fun...
"Many of the reviews are unprintable, displaying a scatological humour of the sort long championed by cult comic Viz."
Co-Founder of Pinterest says not to take too much advice when making a start up.
U.S. poker players face prohibition by the U.S. government. They are now locked out of international tournaments online. What a loss.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion.
Leaders never follow they lead what category do you fall under!!!!!!!!!!!
that's a good question. I think to maintain the service, it would require "operators". Remember those?
Thank goodness the smell of cow permeating throughout the city is finally starting to subside. What's the source?
It's amazing! I'm so glad I happened to be in Barranquilla right now. Enjoy!
My baby stayed up with me while I was finishing my project, #thatslove :).
Brooklyn Decker Sounds Like a Double Cheeseburger in New York
for sure! First day is going very quickly - I like the change of pace so far... Perhaps next week?
a new year with new beginnings! let me know where it takes you and i'll do the same!
I'm so happy now! I was so scared! <3
I forgot: today is Friday the 13th in addition to being the Ides of April. I'm also paying my taxes. Yay?
#geekwire summit kicks off. look for if you are here
Hit the first traffic. Ironically behind the #bolt bus
We need him in LA :)
You can't unfry things.
Hahaa, that really was us when we we're little. Lol, I love you chick. (:
The power went out in the store....all the lights.
Waiting for that hummingbird heeatbeat someday!
ty for the RT. I'm happy to announce that the #DPRK thinks this is a perfect reflection of the son of dear leader's prowess
We can learn to be the catalysts for our own change
Check out this great event August 25 at Renaissance!
Halloween orders can be picked up at the Market in Long Beach Sat and Hicksville Sun. It's not to late to order, but by Thurs pm please.
One of my Twitter pet peeves: people who incessantly bitch about bullshit ... for fuck's sake -- shut up!
Someone on my bus has fried chicken. This is not ok.
Taking responsibility is rare, but, oh, so appreciated.
After seeing that proposal at graduation today then seeing my daughter tweet I wanted to be engaged and a falcon flame soon
US ROYALTY tickets on sale now in red square! only $3 if you buy today!
man my brother went to prom with a big girl lohfh smh
RT Griff soccer is life “: Fired up to get on the field for the first time this winter. Time to get after it!
Come watch the I94 rivalry CUBS V CREW!!! Eat some BBQ play some cards Get some -chef-
LOL! RT why can't you make yourself a sandwich?
The crowd at the #SOTU is the polar opposite of the one at American Airlines Arena. Go #Cavs!
Be Your Own Boss
I do, Ann. Please let me know a good time that we can connect. I can be reached at 818-245-5041. Look forward to speaking soon!
#yee i love this song
Wat it dew peeps??!!!
Look forward to tomorrows session with ....... its a surprise :)
Is there a story there? RT : I cant do coffee there
I start teaching my first class at the UW tomorrow. Nervous, but excited!
good or not!
I had lunch today with #Mubarak. Just saying. You're welcome.
Did any of the masses believe he'd lose his job over this? If so, speaks to their level of intelligence.
it certainly cuts down on the amount of passwords I need to keep track of
that is an amazing thing of you to say
Trying to decide on a new name for my blog and a search for ‘crazy cat lady’ resulted in multiple blogs. Half-crazy cat lady? Maybe not.
People who don't take responsibility for their actions.
I hate pojects.
And yet again I say:
im not a mexican and ok bumm
Just realized that the Denver Broncos Cheerleaders are similar as me on twitter! Awesome I dream of becoming one in 5 years!
so cool! Congrats!!
The husband who wants a happy marriage should learn to keep his mouth shut and his checkbook open.
Las Vegas ----> San Diego
I had a pretty good time in Connecticut. Now I'm back in Baltimore. Back to the daily grind.
A little upset with micky loomis right now I mean how stupid can you be
#gameday i know will have her girls ready. We have to come out ready to compete.
theyre related. Like dr dev and dressing bad or jess and hating people or rickie fowler and swag
Just left the grave site. Now its time to EAT !!! Legal Seafood bound !
Just came out the mall with my family...hoping to buy a new iPod !!!!
you guys buying your scamp tickets thursday?
taxes and surcharges for a City, State and County we haven't lived in for over 3 years.
No need! You're already a star! RT Nervous
So nice to meet on set yesterday. -Brit
It's 1 of those mornings that i can't wait for church!
Woo hoo!!! Let's get cray!
Tierney: States haven't done any of these great things without federal prodding.
Good morning!!!! It's the day you all have been waiting for........FRIDAY!!!! Have a good one!
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! Tonight is Millie's Miracle Spirit night. It won't be a success without you,
Happy Thanksgiving! Wishing you all health, love, prosperity and having fun!
at three, was when it started slipping away, though. At two, they let the Thunder get within 3. Could've made a play...
How do we find our brand? Listen to the way other people describe us.
We are off tonight to give everyone a break for the holiday, we will see you Wednesday!
sorry to hear about your mom.. :(
total accident, was in sports and was stoked on the Perry picture!
Come on #Packers, let's top off a great fall break with a win!
Just cause we chillin don't mean we Fuccin
THERE WE GO OKC WHAT A GOOD GAME
Go Weeks boys! RT : The Weeks brothers are leading off in Maryvale today - Jemile for the Athletics and Rickie for the
So I decided to clean the house last night instead of working on music. Poor choice you say? Perhaps, but happy wives are better than...
Love me or hate me, just know it wont faze me...
Schedule an appointment today or tomorrow with Dr. Anliker and recieve your choice of either a FREE nail trim or bag of treats!!!!
Jus uploaded the pix from the all white party to the newbrooklyns fb page
Teach me to fall And I'll teach you to sing
Fine chicks with bad breath just nasty bro
RT : Recognized 's voice singing "Rio De Janerio Blue" on before I even saw the playlist. SING, GREGORY!!!
can I fuck u
Also, is following me. Suave!
looking for a good strawberry dessert
That's awesome! Marketing works differently for all commercial artists. Maybe you're friend spent a lot of time networking!
congratulations on the wedding!!!
Indeed Peace And Blessings
At what point is #news no longer " #Breaking "?
watching The Preprosal with Betty White in it, you jelly?
Congrats Tom! Enjoy the gift card!
don't die! Buy!!
reduced shipping rates are on the way!
Going to watch the avengers tonight, hope its good
thanks for following us. We appreciate it.
just had a sample of your bagels, and then another, and another...
haha thats suprising, if i saw you in person I would check you out all the time too xD
True. I don't know him but he knows ppl I know & I wrote & told him he had a good reputation, he musta thought who the hell is she
thank you for your entry! Winners will be notified soon.
Tryna stay clear of my foes and these shape-shifting hoes
They better sing! 3years #Sundaybest's
Thanks for all the mentions!
Happy Fathers Day!!! Never underestimate the impact you have on your children Dad!!!!
hey shugga...tweet tweet:-)
I LOVE THIS GUYS!!!
how did this go buddy?
Come see us 4/20 at the liquid lounge in deep ellum!
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark.
To storage shelter by bj's to put stuff away
Thx for the RT ; had a great time in #NOLA for the #401k summit!
so by that logic if cal keeps doing his job which is to recruit and coach and others only coach he can't win COY?
DQ ice cream cake!!!!!
Getting a late start to the morning. Already have a few fires to put out. Hello, Monday. We really shouldn't meet like this.
Hell is what you make it by has been on repeat all day!! It helped me get through my flight to new York
you still need to comment my blog in order to be considered! (:
haha I saw you're from chicago lol I am too haha
confirmation on many things this coming weeks, nothing can stop this now, not spiritually or mentally or physically, to close now!!
glad it worked out guys, happy to connect good people. i'm down for japanese next week, let's do it.
Food cart nation: Don’t forget that Off the Grid @ Fort Mason Center is tomorrow starting at 5pm
Its my born day and I will party until the next age
What dairy free cakes do you like to make for birthdays? Seeking suggestions!
Chik-Fil-A is expanding throughout Missouri, though. It's only a matter of time until they reach Columbia.
Happy National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day! What was your favorite lunch as a kid?
I like your profile pic.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) Announces Initiation of Trial Evaluating TH-302 in Combo with Bevacizumab at University of Texas at San Antonio
So much has happened in such a short time. RT The history of #socialTV via Do you think they got the list right?
10 magic words by : "I work for ___ and this is my personal opinion".
True, but titles are titles! Trying to be positive here :)
Just did. I am ashamed.
Getting ready to watch paul williams vs ishida...really? Ishida? Psshhh....cmon son!??
Be sure to follow for Great deals, giveaways & specials in the Philadelphia area!
Belated thank you for the mention! :)
alright just keep trying to call dre cause he mad with dre from yesterday.
I believe this was my 4th time.
"No, Luke, I am your father." is pretty great too.
Thanks for participating on #rawmilk . It was a little of a struggle, but thanks for bearing with us!
They say before you start a war, you better know what you're fighting for.
yup! I'm adding that to our bucket list (x
The rainy weather in #Milwaukee makes me appreciate the hamster tube/ skywalks
Bout to drive to food city #that'swhatsup.
on the other hand... me.. you.. the razor...5:00?
I see Lee hanging at the bar
The hardest part about moving forward, is not looking back.
Is the river healthy? Our students will find out today!!
Full pads today, time for X to do What he loves Best at OLB.
I'm allergic to cats, so it prob won't happen.
That right there is why I have a Google Voice number.
Have a great morning Benny! ;)
aww I wanted to see u! Lisa said he will be doing shows in Tampa tho so maybe I'll see u than!(:
Well I finally watch all of 500 days of summer. Loved that movie so much.
White girl and black guy argument He said " I hate the way you make me feel, you make my life ugly I wanna go somewhere it's beautiful" lol.
Follow Friday? for helping with some wonderful WordCamp development :]
Walgreens has vibrators????!!!!!!
I'm gonna have to do that cus I'm getting spam too :/
What is your favorite song right now???
not online yet. Coming.
UW's Odegaard Library will be undergoing a $16 million renovation. So what's your idea of the ideal of the perfect Media Center/Commons?
Open House Today Beacon Hill 9 Lime St 12pm to 1pm with Lunch by First Republic Bank
I once had a Milwaukee Raccoon stare me down during the middle of the day. It was unnatural.
AJ Ellis has been a revelation for #Dodgers I can't even believe what he's done at the plate. Right now he deserves to be an All Star
The word "tsunami" is not in my phone's text dictionary. So if you ever get a text from me that says "trumang!!!!!", get the hell off beach.
You will be missed. Amazing Musician. Donald "Duck" Dunn. 70
Any library peeps going to ALA midwinter or ALA in June? Wondering which I should attempt.
Hey i'm back from the movie haha was a nice movie :)
hell yeah I feel u but once it's pros it's just about money and publicity
How right wing does a person have to be to think an "improving the economy" SOTU speech is "crazy extreme leftist"?
"Sometimes when my mom says to eat my broccoli, I pretend I'm a giraffe." I adore you
Instagram: 551 days old = 1 billion... New York Times: 116 years old = 967 million... The times they are a-changin'!
Tune in to kick-off #PenniesforPrevention at with Between 7 and 10 a.m. Support !
- still brewing. Have any requests?
Go MD! MT : We're the only State where all school systems participate in program to purchase fresh food from local farmers.
I'm officially done with , piss poor service given by has been stoners. I urge everybody to buy your music elsewhere.
Why don't you come and have a look at some point and we can discuss
nope. Albany doesn't want us :(
I am sure tickets will be tough to come by. I am going to have call in a few favors I think, but it would be worth it.
V8 is 20 times better with hot sauce
Been n church 5days this week & everyday it has been awesome!!! God is good
At the frye store in soho, lots of
Where ya been lady? no u bout to get paper Valentine Day, maybe we can cross promote sumthang Feb.13 @ mobettamundayz, tell D hello
Here's hoping my house doesn't burn down tonight.
Bath or shower...
July Jam today! So pumped to see everybody!
"Because you are alive, everything is possible" - Thich Nhat Hanh
ALEX DUQUE (a.k.a DJ ALEXLOVE) Twitter/DJALEXLOVE ROOFTOP PARTY BROADWAY HOLLYWOOD LOFTS GREAT TO BE SPINNING OUTDOORS TODAY...
Wholefood's mangos (10 for $10) on Denny are the sweetest tastiest mangoes you'll find, get yours while they last.
Donelly shows how Facebook donations will get co-branded with CAFB automatically. Education, enlightenment, empowerment. Donation to dialog.
you coming to to see us Saturday!?!?
We are best friends with them:) We should have some shows together soon!
(SATURDAY) WE LIVE @ THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
Bout to go to northpark mall
who wants to get down to brass tacks
you are so elkward with your handtlers
We have a new server ready - vpn-in90 OpenVPN (SSL) server in New York. It's available in your customer area now.
quote of the day: why do I smile at people I'd rather kick in the eye?
I do like adult beverages.
Yessir. The tethering preso would be perfect. We are at DurangoSpace 8AM Thursday. Do you need AV?
Listen in to KFWB Talk Radio Los Angeles tmrw Wednesday 2pm pacific as Les Brown has guest author Anna Cuevas with tips to Save Your Home.
yeah, we forward them emails and tweets announcing closings because they think we are making it up
Time to head home after a good night of work. Have to work tonight, but will try to enjoy the nice weather expected today in
shirt open like he's scarface. Lol
House is filling up for our sold out show with and tonight
how Spartans were the best warriors of their time lol
I'm need somebody new to text! Hit me up if you're interested!(:
The World Health Organization predicts the number of people diagnosed with dementia will double by 2030. Here are a few tips to stay on...
AgCenter lists this season&#39;s Super Plants
#PrayForMuamba A tragic event like this can unite all of us as soccer fans and remind us about the game we celebrate every weekend
I hate a boo'c broke bitch. Can you get some money first bitch?
Wat kills me is when someone else has wat u really want! And u fight duo hard but get nowhere
ww1 in color? Hell yeah, about time history covered the great war.
I love you too<333 muahh
Fresh off the road from LA, shootin a scene for my nigg Minix song "They Don't Make Em Like Me" we do this pimp!
Oh jeez. The plane is still not here... Definitely getting stuck in Dallas for the night
why I should donate my cake but I want to renegoiate," Daddy said okay, and Mommy gave in. Pinata, and I was being run over, I was dressed
It's happened to me before. Led to a healthy confrontation and healing conversation, actually. He had blocked it out.
R.I.P. Malcolm McLaren....God Save The Queen !
Turiaf is trash
Cena leaving NASCAR to go to #RAW = Dedication Money Can't Buy!!!
#rumpusroom will give a run for it's money.
Every time I watch one episode of Hardcore Pawn I can never turn it off. It always ends up being 5-6 episodes.
Happy birthday :)
me too Mena...me too. I've gotta work doubles all week but should be on this weekend. I miss hearing my updates and
RT RT : Sorry about those texts I sent you last night... My phone was pretty drunk.
Today we are hosting our monthly Sample Sale! We are also offering a $30 manicure & blowout combo, as well as 10% off of all gift cards
So many things in this world that I just don't understand...
Mike Hess from PopEater.com joins up to talk about Tiger and more...
Totally...very gaudy and antiquated dress and jewelry. Horribly disheveled look too. Its crazy!
Should I wear a Dress, tights, jeans,shirts, or pencil skirt ?
Nice TV cameo tonight Best of luck in your upcoming competition.
We played 2 of the new arrangements from Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns yesterday in the Chapel Praise service. They loved them!
Mahalo.com looking for developers,I will look out here in new York. Love mahalo.com
Ok, "haterade" is pretty funny actually.
naw b I had English lit at Howard law last Thursday
No place like SeaWorld for Halloween fun. Enjoying Howl-O-Scream festivities with and other great friends.
I think we signed 2 old PG's which sounded good but was a mistake
Yes, soo well done: wins 2nd place in #multimedia contest.
Thanks everyone for an awesome week, we hope you're full!
Okay, and it all comes down to this simple question. Who wants to be my Valentine? <U+2665>
Speak over yourself, encourage your self in the Lord <3
I never thought about the speed of language before. This really got me thinking :-)
After Union Rags' work today, trainer Michael Matz says the rest of week will be walking tomorrow, jogging Monday and that's it.
And it would be great if #Rangers forwards would put a shot on goal
Wow just heard usher on Y100Miami on iheart radio...haven't heard his song"caught up" in forever!...
Advocates at work! I love it. Lets get it up to 500. We need to crack this inequity wide open.
Arlington says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Tip: Review #mutualfund holdings periodically to ensure you are not overlapping within your portfolio.
Yeah the good die young but the great will always last.
: "you know how you know his good for me: "He has a beard"
If anyone uses yahoo messenger send me your id in a DM.
get in where you fit in. I know you're gonna do big thangs!
Yup! told me all about it! Have fun gals!
I never know what to wear.
OUR FUCKING APARTMENT BUILDING IS HAUNTED!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
just found a san diego chargers drew brees jersey 12 dollars.
So much going on in SN: Martha Rosler's lecture at BMA tomorrow, flea market on Sat, and potluck at St Paul and Lafayette next Wed!
hi people i dont remember!!!
Caffeine and Sugar overload at 2:46pm. Starbucks, Zip Fuzz, Crumbs Cupcakes and I can't think straight.
BALLING MY EYES OUT.
hideous! not arguing that data quality isnt an important issue; but is it an "open" issue? or this principle/issue inflation?
Some new visitors #smbmad #ford in Jan Glad to have U all
Move to Baltimore. We would welcome you with open arms.
Typical GOP -- support the pharm industry, not the patients who need the help.
Hello y'all. For those who don't know, I'm starting my new job as Sports Director at WJBF in Augusta, GA, crazy time to start I know...
Pizza or Pasta, my two favorite foods...not ready to answer that one yet...Ill have to think about it
Trend? Next wave of #IPOs is enterprise #software companies #paloaltonetworks … Press panel
Yeah, said I was with the winery. We will see. I don't have a lot of time on Monday
been seeing bpd bike patrol on warren as well - very nice to see.
": it was great seeing and today!!! Gotta luv those two!!"<Great seeing u too :)
You go gurl. ;)
LOL Sarah and I are counting down the days until TeenWolf comes back, and I'm saving my TeenWolf shirt for that.
omg lebron... we wanted u so bad in LA... sob!
Isn't that the truth. Well said!
“Life’s most persistent and urgent question is,What are you doing for others?”-Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.RT
3 classes for 20 dollars super impact super special deal check it out
It looks délicieux.
Thank you! We are making good progress on it!
I'm gonna forget about you just like you forgot about me.
I wish you could see that if anyone is sitting in your corner, it's me!!!!
legalize & decriminalize !!!!
Tried to change my home network password last night. Managed to kill the network entirely.
Shame on #nab for trying to scare people over #spectrum reallocation with site, radio ads blaring that people may "lose" their "free" TV.
Check out , she rocks Twitter.
Trust me - if you want to see an up-to-date version of DARK SHADOWS, rent the 1991 reboot. You'll save money and have more fun.
hey cole
Christmas is done. Now time to put everything away.
In the recording studio working on my new song
I used to laugh at this story of my dad falling asleep in the movie theater..but I've fallen asleep in the movies about 6-7 times now O_o
Ass over titties .
I am so feeling you right now girl.
“: Legends of the hidden temple used to be my show. 80s/90s >>>” Wild and Crazy Kids >>>
My favorite day of the sporting year: the last day of world cup ski racing and the first day of formula 1.
ughh, realizing that I have a sensitivity to wheat after a little experiment. wahhhh :'(
Are You Gunna Miss When He Moves To Miami?
cheesy bacon fries....just bears repeating.
thanks much for the follow mr Morris! Hope you have a lovely day!
I meant LI now has an option for employees to make referrals to recruiters if co. pays for recruiter package.
love the pictures! We hope you have a great time. :)
Hope everyone in #Tallahassee and #Boca Raton has a fantastic weekend! Enjoy and be safe!
That's way too much money for 1 person. But I suppose I can find some stuff to do with it. :-)
much love. Lol
Hey girl I cant wait to see you today and r u going to play
We appreciate you following us!
Christians aren't perfect, they're just forgiven!
Thanks man!
I need football back in my life, man.
yeah...ok.
Have a great first week of April make it productive! It can not be all bad news lets rock.
I really want some Taco Bell right now!!
Not ridiculous. AWESOME. (My 5yo son likes to tease my boneheaded mistakes with "It was under E". So cute.)
Love her. RT I'm pregnant! Just kidding. Send help.
Just received notice that the Central Texas Beer Fest that was supposed to happen in Austin on 4/21 is officially cancelled.
No Exes, No Hoes, No Groupies, No Sidelines, Just You & Me <3
my hubs' family owns a meat market. I can't eat red meat with any pink at all. Especially with cattle roaming in the back yard.
Thank you Renee!! xo
yep. our teachers are giving us work for over the summer as well :/
Revenge just keeps getting better and better
My empathetic energies are forwarded to you, as I didn't witness this event.
that's odd ... me too
We now have secure login process with email verification. Now to make it pretty.
SB - Is there any compassion in his disposition? Is he a victim himself? Is he fit to continue as cardinal?
Once school ends I'm going to be so happy <3
Haha xD RT "I'm a vegetarian but I eat chicken" shit, I'm sorry I forgot chickens were plants!
Now that Joanne Kares is retired, she's an NJ library "secret shopper". She also writes great book reviews for the LG blog.
we love hot chocolate, great way to upsell on winter menus!
Heading to overtime. #FIU tied with #FAU 1-1. Two 10 minute OT periods to decide a winner.
Thanks for the feedback! RT : Horray. $10 gift card for being in 1st 20 to respond to Interfolio survey. Job search is paying off!
They SHOULD call me BUTTER cuz IM so SMOOTH!")
looking forward to host Dionne in Indianapolis.
Nerd moment: I really like that drafting a new crochet pattern off of measurements involves a lot of math and figuring.
Live and learn...
maybe he put extra weight on, "what in the world was harden doing running right up to mwp right there?"
just started a dark funky track ! feeling this ! # deep #dark #tech # House
Low cost shots clinic from 1 to 2:30 today at the shop! :D
yowza. Getting a late start today. Eating dinner at 10 is ill-advised.
Back in NYC!
That club had always been fun RT : Thursday Night Pussycat Lounge SCottsdale Get Down There And Start Your Weekend Early! : )
Can't wait to get to work this week on some acoustic tracks from "My World"!! Starting with my favorite one ...."If You Were Mine"...I...
Are you ready?
The Drowsy Chaperone <3
RT u see this? Try it for me :) ": Mosby wine is the best. Fellow winos, I urge you to try. Especially the reds."
Aw my cat keeps meowing.
I don't know where I'm going .. Only God knows where I've been... I'm a devil on the run.. A six gun lover... A candle in the wind....
we watched it going to and from rehearsal :)
live. breathe. eat. social media. RT if you love it!
The fact that i will be seeing in 4 days>>>>
I'm still rolling off toe jam I needed that laugh thanks Bf!
I love my little sister!!! : )
Phantasy Star Online 2: MAG Fest: We traverse a future space forest in the closed beta of Sega's long awaited MMO...
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
Creative Direction is getting a dog to go to the vet, NOT by saying "were going to the park," but by hyping the vet's brand.
Charlie just offered me dumplings, is this real life?
Could be cuddling with through this storm but hes at work ):
Jermaine O'Neal wouldn't have finished that jam either.
It's the NO.TO.RI.OUS you just, lay down, slow... Recognize a real don when you see one Sippin on booze in the house blues!- B.I.G <3
ugh This Fever I Have<<
The pterodactyl must be the most poetic dinosaur, mustn't it?
Once you ask a #donor for a #gift, remain silent until the donor responds. Otherwise, you are #negotiating against yourself!
That makes sense. Did you make the ginger/scallion sauce to go with it? i kinda wanna spread it on everything.
Can Carmelo Anthony and Amar'e Stoudemire Ever Coexist for New York #Knicks?
I know right! I love !!!!!<3<3<3<3 I hope everything gets better for him... I really hate seeing him like that.
Start your internet presence today! with our $75 per page website design services
Coupon code JULY3 is still in effect at the moment, we will be adding a new coupon for August shortly...
Hold up while I go cry. You're not gonna be in San Antonio no more? Waaah. I live like 5 hours from you.
do u guys need some counceling? haha u both seem to have an attitude;) lol
so I need a bomb to blowup infront of me to get an "extra day rate"? Where do I sign up??
would be bad news for you bro I'm a lefty that thing is going to break right into my zone. I may be doing a little yard work hahah
hahahahahah, love you so much. seriously :)
ugh...i hate school :/
Now Farvre says he's hurt! I can't take anymore! Remember the 80's song "All Cried Out" by Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam? Play Ping Pong already!!!
Its HAPPY HOUR!!!
G didn't say exactly, just that they removed a link signal they used for a long time that helps identify the topic of a page.
RT : RT Join me on facebook at www.facebook.com/hesselhaus*
Robert Griffin I #Redskins No.2: They end long-time franchise QB drought with dynamic athlete who can excel at both phases.
Today's Sandwich: Grilled Cheese with tomato and avocado...all for $6.75!
Don't be sweating me, because I got the tightest hole. You couldn't find that thing with a microscope.
Ohh no :( the only positive thing is that at least the systems are the same right?
Kohl "Has to be a broad coalition. But there is a need to get busy on it and get it done."
Can't untill this Friday or Saturday !!!!!
You know that moment when you can "look back and laugh"? I'm cracking up!
Day five no soda day number two feeling an easy has nothing to do it soda
Ask me no questions, ill tell you no lies.
#Gators played a valiant game, but came up a little short. Better than the last ass-whoopings against the Kentucky
#sxinlikewith recap: test, learn, optimize. Use smart community managers with analytical backgrounds & monitoring software experience
and, did you get my voice mail from this morning?
deal? :D Do you ever go to metropolis?
enjoy your weekend !!
i ask myself that evryday
The new moving and storage package allows customers to load and store more items and move them according to their specified timetable. http:
Writing by hand is a lost art. For so many it takes too long and the words are too permanent.
right.. i don't know :l
I'm pretty convinced that and I could make a business solely on picking in Texas. Who has a barn I can borrow to store stuff?
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Fans, especially out of town ones like myself, are lucky to have you and Patrick covering the team.
Nice to make your acquaintance Ivan. WE enjoyed your article in Entrepreneur magazine. Thanks for the follow too!
. Sweetie, you quoted Gloria Gaynor, not Donna Summer. Sorry.
Perfect night to play in the rain. Who's with me?
One benefit of the in-office holiday party this year: Drinking a corona in meetings and while you work
Body is hurting lil hell
The Pope of Long Beach expecting visitors from above? Oy!
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. – Confucius
RT Nap time. Keep it down, tweeps.
I feel you
Had a great session today, then picked up some new wardrobe pieces...another beautiful day doing what I love! :-)
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Take some time to enjoy nature today!
Stepped out on the balcony...its a hot one. I bet the Coachella people going this weekend are happier than last weeks lot
Playing around with my stepmom's new Ipad 2!!
could we please share ?:)
I am now taking suggestions for my half marathon playlist. 10 days.
We are excited for you photo shoot tonight!
see you at the start line. What group?
FACT when you talk someone down you give away free promo it makes people wanna work with them more idk bout u but pay me 2 promote lol.
boo hoo, feel so bad for you about not getting Mizzou game. Or not! hope u r having fun!
Best line I've heard ever: "I will never need you but it doesn't mean I don't want you." & of course u can add extra but its good 1 :P
I'm staring to hate #tbt. Aka....back when I was skinny.
And the entire contents of my wallet just fell on the floor. Awesome
downloading your albums now I can't wait to take a listen!!!!
Pabst Blue Ribbon!
really enjoyed your post, thanks for sharing what's happened to you
Talk about 6th man effect- 2nd from last team beat 2nd from top team in western division. Good 2C so many kickballas at
yo breezy need a music video shot holla at me.
Everyone loves a good superhero fight (even me now).
Pj's-check, bed-check, football-check, perfect lazy sunday-check!
Kenya Michaels and Rodiney Santiago should make a song together!!
RT " 95% of lesbians are heart broken straight girls." lmfao
Are you in it???
I forgot how much fun I have on twitter... but it sure can be a time suck, a productive time suck, but a time suck nonetheless....
PR ambassador to Savings,
The most damaging phrase in the language is, "It’s always been done that way." Admiral Grace Hopper
I want to stay at Lakes.
so felt the same about Madonna last night. but you still have to admit that overall the halftime had serious
Yea its whatever, feeling good living better. Got my feelings n tack'd and not dispense care out whea it ain't gone b givin bak. SMILIN HARD
me & the bathroom have became closer than ever lately
I wanna get away to your sweet escape!
#becauseofobama <<<<<jeez where should I start?
My supposed "in the know" friends say you're 17. I think you're 24. Am I right?
Restaurant Week Boston 2009
Oh snap I can't take my lashes off..... Guess I'll be sleeping with those on tonight.. Well at least I'll wake up looking glamorous lol
didn't really expect to actually see YOU but I love going places I've never been in their "street veiw" =D
That's why I want my own dog.
I won tonight and so did the rest of the team! I am now 3-3 :)
Happy Easter 4 everyone)))U must only believe in yourself))))
oh girl! You have NO idea. <3
Tired but this is what I like to do
...and reassuring, in their lumpiness and phrases.
#randomfact... I have a weird obsession with honey...
that's what I'm talking about I knew I liked you! That's code for I wanna see my brother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied." - Arnold H. Glasow
oh Haha I live in Florida it's really hot here I just want to go to the pool ;)
why is everyone either getting sick or sexual frustrated lol
And all the time, God is good.
always makes my day with her hilarious jokes! LOVE HER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+270C>
ringaling!!! Hi Ariana! Thanks for following!!
u remember that
Come take some December Circus Workshops. Hooping, Aerial Fabric, and Juggling! Check out www.TenacityCircusArts.com for more details!
Waking up with the BIGGEST migraine ever, think I needa go to the ER.
Hhum my birthday is coming up...i think I want 2 go 2 Cali but then again Miami doesnt sound bad either...really It doesnt matter
Just booked our flight to New Orleans! Beyond excited :D
We also like "Letter to Hermione"
leslieR: My plane has arrived; I have high hopes I will get home this eve.
thanks Liz I hope your Cinco is fantabulous!
i know a couple things about it! lol:)
Congrats Octavia Spencer. Viola though was the real Oscar revolutionary with Esperanza in the vanguard.
Thanks you too sis
GoodNight All :-)
I'll take a look. I may attend.
hey its Phillip Hawkins from Palms las vegas VIP Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Reply Y or text 7026737032 for Guestlist
Q2 I always say "If you don't like the loud, buy headphones" Urban libraries are loud as hay-ell. Just due to the sheer # of people
Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego??
watching Oprah & Gary Zukav. What's diff btween Heart & Seat of Soul?
Haha. But Sergio Ramos makes up for it.
RIP Donna Summer. No more disco in the house...
Lol, I'm not bad
When's IU play?
That's what you get for kissing' dis gerl when she was sick.
Grateful that I can cook. Trying to remember the home chili recipe...write down recipes! Things get lost when people die.
Kobe Bryant will play vs Spurs on Friday at the AT&T Center.
My heart races whenever I see a common house spider....I couldn't imagine seeing a tarantula. I would have a heart attack!
A haiku for Michelle Bachmann: You fear gay marriage Thank God for strong rhetoric One Phrase Candidate
i request tickets all the time and I never seem to get any that sucks
Thanks for following GamerAdvice everyone =)
anytime a person starts with "uuuummmm what had happen was" nothing good is coming after that!! LOL
Just checked my grades and there actually really good!
All bigapple sites are launched with new original content
Said what I had to say. Feel better, about to call it a night. Good night world.
Refs are letting them play tonight #playoffs?
me tweet or u tweet
RT : Punxsutawney Phil is America's prophet Muhammad, only we get to draw pictures of him and dress him up real stupid.
OR, you can just sound good to yourself without having your dreams crushed (x
yeah, apparently he's the english teacher. i will probably see it regardless.
Thanks for da love :)
thank you for all your info and advice!
It was good seein and for a little bit
#carrieunderwood makes me want to do lunges in each commercial break
works but you need to add another option for attendance, like not sure or an empty field to explain
aw ok I understand
RT: : " to me u r my inspiration" <<< i agree with you she is my inspiration too!! :)
I always feel like such a lazy jerk taking sick days! But, woke up with a lousy headache and have decided to stay home. Bah.
I worked at the Y for 8 years, I've sang that song too many times to count.
yeah I sent him an email through his KROQ email but never heard anything back. I'll keep trying, though.
All is right with the world. My fav 4 remain on #SYTYCD - go Melanie!
wow, L&T is not on the pinning bandwagon. When I try to pin this, it only gives me the option to pin something else.
Excited to get tips on Capturing Client Information to Write Powerful & Well-positioned #Resumes from
#BeforeYouExit can you guys come to indiana & bring me to steak n shake? <U+2665><U+2665>
Unfortunately that might not be the last time the Twins are no-hit this season.
#NFL Goodell showed why he's best Commish in sports. 1-yr suspension to coach Payton/indefinite for Gregg Williams-both well deserved.
#FF for interesting financial information and opinions
Good NIGHT EVERYBODY !!!
looks like a wonderful Saturday!
#ecmp355 Crowding sourcing with people who around the world who have been there. High-powered, free PD.
I am living a romantic comedy.
Thank You!!!
Chicago here I go
Got 2 dolphin and a good buzz what a great Saturday
oh yea right when they were available for presale haha. Be ready to be absolutely blown away
Yoga was very hard today. It was like trying to bend a pretzel.
Let me know if you have an iPhone or iPad, I can send you a pea-view code!
I love driving late at night!!! :D
TheBeatles make me happy, thank god they exist.
Pink is better ^_^
here we goo….
We would like to thank everyone that like's our facebook page and follows us on twitter! We really appreciate each and every one of you....
You're welcome & good :0)
BYE!! BOOBS!! BYE
I receive I accept I forgive I love, therefore I am complete
Merry Christmas everyone!
RT We believe in a thing called Pepsi.
you can only have one team fe lol
Lifes a bitch..
do you have Super Bowl tickets? I will do anything for them, even sell out my relatives!
Via "Its always 1975 in Philadelphia" LOL
everytime i listen to Rude Boy..it feels like im listening to it for the first time... :")
haha terrible, but terribly funny.
Live one day at a time and make it a
Let's hope lots of other decided to vote the same as we did!
Why try to impress someone who's not worth impressing
no ones tryna get famous, i just like makin music .. like you ike playin ball, and like you like workin out
Oh hey I already have 1,000 tweets :D
I0583-A highly experienced Industrial Supervisor looking for full time positions. A hard working commited individual with previous postions…
I'm glad to be my age and still LEARNING!
you got it! then the world! ;-)
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. -Isaac Asimov
I'll see your monitor resolution and raise you seat and monitor height at shared workstations. ALL of ours are shared.
Y doesn't any1 folow back wen they say they wud, I'm just bout fed up with twitter & these lies just tell the truth insted of leting us down
Gray and rainy out in SF today. Everyone please remember: if your wipers are on, your lights need to be on. It's the law - and way safer!
Thanks for the follow & shout out! :) RT Now following :)
Lisa Goes Gaga Tomorrow! Because the Billboard Awards aren't going to have good performers anyways, skip that and tune in. 8pm EST on FOX.
=} Love u 2 Friend! My Dad's Blood Pressure still High, He wasn't feeling 2 good this wknd :( Trustin the Lord for Healing! Thanks!
No unsubscribe, no 'you've been placed on this list.' Very unethical, & if I find out which agency is doing this, it's not going to be good.
Please don't agree with him. My ego can't take it
RT : Dog Advice: Tips for managing exam stress - Belfast Telegraph: Belfast TelegraphTips for managing exam stressBel......
wait your not in Italy WTF is going on! lmao
amen! Wish more people felt that way.
Thank God all we do is talk in Chemistry.. I hate this class!
my email had ideas for vacation related posts, but if you've got something else in mind, feel free!! :)
whose the girl hahahahah!!!!?????
Yeah you were threatening him and about to give out his address and he was begging you not to.
Turn off your mind, relax and float down stream. It is not dying.
Seen my brothers last night and studio flow...smoked that #purpliah out a puller compliments of
Hope we gain more fans from tomorrows ustream. *Crosses fingers* - Zaona
Using ecards & draw something to keep up w/ friends . . . eventually I'll need some face time & no I don't mean the app.
I want to try those gatorade prime chews...
I gota brand new percin, brand new tat. I paid 99 dollars for the weave, plus tax.
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY RT :
R/T #follow he will #followback #loyalty #success also follow and
Funny how #drupal best practices can be ignored when time is of the essence.
Industry 1st "split day" tour...take a break & we stop charging you during the break. Viet www.EarToThere.com/blog for more info! °o°
oh gotcha
School Choice Fair in KC to help kids from closing schools find a quality seat for next year. and help with one in StL?
just stroke the house 2 houses behind us D:
hehehehe RT : Is this your 'current' status? RT : Just electrocuted myself. What a rush!
Kidding about 50% off or arranging someone to escort you? 50% off, no I'm not.
I'm happy has twitter but he only tweeted once
did i scare you away with my vocabulary? lol!
What's Cap'n Jack have up his sleeve? Did they, at least, counter? Are all the assistants going as well?
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will. [James Stephens]
Kendall would you like to make My wish come true & follow me :) <3
#NP "Tell Me" Bobby Valentino (my 05 swag song) lol
ty for the tumblr s/o jef!:) guess i need to post a drawing sometime soonish now. :/
f**ing great!
Mark your calendars! This year's Annual Volunteer Recognition Event is set for Friday May 4, 2012. Exciting new location TBA ;)
Whoa heel! That's the big button! YOU JUST DONT PUSH THE BIG BUTTON!
Obviously that's not true in my case. We do plenty of both of those things!
I wonder if this person with a "I love my poodle" bumper sticker that's "passing" a semi at 55mph knows they're an asshole
do you think Clippers are gonna be actually better ?
.OLLU Softball - Won 8-1 over University of the Southwest
Way cool, hadn't put that 2gether yet. I'm a closet blonde, so not the britest bulb in the bunch! ;-)
When Justin Bieber says "swag" in Boyfriend. OH MY GOD SO HOT
Listening to 2nd album "Do you know [sanctuary]" Absolutely amazing classic! I've been a fan to long, I still know the words!
dude...cool your jets..lol for some reason on my phone it said I wasn't following you
Earl grey and english muffins? I feel like a regular redcoat!
that's a great response! Contact me for a 15% discount code for your next order! ;)
Live in LA? Looking for on-air talent, videographers, video editors to join a dynamic team. Global? We want your shows or ideas. Msg me. : )
You can play yo heart out, everyone dnt get a ring tho...
Hey Matt, hope you can make it Sunday for my bay:) its actually today:) tweet me back it would b awesome:) later alligator!!
I need to go to sleep. I just need to finish this rum & coke first.
Wow RT : Just to note #indy already has had 19 tornados this year after outbreak. That's the yearly average!
Does anyone have Judith Butler's "Excitable Speech" that I can borrow?
Favorite quote from Michele Bachmann on Face the Nation: "I love senior citizens."
Want to see more of Jesus in the world? It starts with you. Be the example.
it's on again today!! We both are on till 8. will also be eliminated.
Dakota fail, trying somewhere else
RT The ONLY Balanced Diet IS: EXERCISE!!!
Zac Efron 'nude picture' trends on Twitter
": My advice to anybody living in the U.S. that supports Shariah law being implemented here....Get the hell out of this country!"
Agree no one was hitting shots.
Fo sho <TOP OF THE LINE>
Well this tweet certainly sticks out from the rest of my feed right now.
Hi Ray!!! And too funny.
"Disorder" in #PTSD is a barrier to care. Drop the D. Add an "I" for Injury.
I need a blunt && I don't even smoke!
INTERNSHIP: Mass spectrometry, Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (Suitland, MD) Possible stipend. Contact
oh okay(: doesn't everyone?
Just found my new 32GB thumb drive in the washer...and it works perfectly.
yes very soon!!! we're working on our youtube channel right now! :)
my problem is obsessively refreshing my email. Does not magically make said emails appear.
Honestly, if you are the better team and have better players, it shouldn't matter how well the other team plays, right?
Awww, thanks gorgeous :D Thanks for the
thank you, love!
thank you love
hit me bruh asap
Tellin the truth you don't have to think...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> Me ether I hate mornings.
After 2 hours on Cisco's customer support line: "Your router seems to be dysfunctional."
next Remix...I am not my hair?
Now THAT is how you do a disaster movie, Bay!
Who put their bets in for the Derby?!?!
u live in Atlanta right now?...itz that bad??
Quit leaving me! :(
SAVE-THE-DATE: *JUNE 21* in DC for a "Master Class" with Award-winning Producer ! More to come, but SAVE-THE-DATE NOW!
OH: Romney is Slytherin (w/ house elves). Santorum isn't smart but is passionate so Hufflepuff. Gingrich is Ravenclaw. Ron Paul is a squib.
aww tiff. I'll be your friend(;
About to get a massage from a 50 year old at university health services... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086> jealous??
Lol vout time huh an thanks :) RT So FINALLY decided to get a avi so his face clearly seen. Nicceeee ;)
#Thatawkwardmoment when ur still friends with an ex from High school & ur texting & in the middle of texting they text "I miss u baby"
(FRIDAY) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Don't never get so busy that you forget to tell the people who help you, "thank you".
Happy #TT to all who travel, live, study, and volunteer in other countries offering natives respect they deserve in their own homes/land.
When our kids are little they are under our feet...when they are bigger they are under our hearts
yeah get dress for school! (: haha
Current residents do not need to re-apply!
LUCKY! Ahahaha. My mom would never do it for me..
all my friends want to come down to tribe game tonight but are hesitant with the storms comin !
"If love is a game, these are the rules". - Cherie Carter Scott -
I've never attacked your intelligence, I've only said your argument has no base. You refuse to explain what "Liberal" even is.
#Amen RT : #Word RT Criticism is mediocrity's tribute to Genius.
Boston LIS people: the academic library where I work is looking for a PT early bird Reference Librarian. @ me!
We are having our Scotch on the Yachts night this Sat. at our Marina. Should be a great time! Will post pics next week! Great boating to all
This world will never be what I expected
Dinner at Alibi Room with an old friend from home. Good times.
Placing bets on the NFL Playoffs.
Don't normally tweet but #tedxusc 2012 is going to be amazing! Stay tuned for updates :)
All these crazy things going on the NBA right now, you would think it's as the world turns!
Is it true that has four nipples?
Riverside is not
Little cheeseburger w/ grilled onions, lettuce, & pickles! Thx ! Its been 40+ days too long. #happytummy - at least for the moment.
Pickup Line: Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Thanks to and for last night. You know what we mean.... Day off today, meet us tomorrow at 4 @ Valhalla
undisclosed location...
RT : Just bought my new journal for the year. Only one worth having :D
yes, of course. How often do I read a bad book? hm? My taste is exquisite :)
Hey old dude in the buick, maybe you could pull over and finish your stroke while you're not in the middle lane surrounded by other vehicles
Use your Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Puccini’s Smiling Teeth! All Caring Club members receive...
Well that's a great way to start your day, witnessing total roadkill right in front of you. Poor little squirrel :(
I can help you out. DM me
Ok cool RT : I KAN dig!! I'm BOUTA check you out!!
only once nemo lives
#TVD tonight! :D
Road construction! Road closure on Mercer St. east of Fairview Ave. N, between Fairview Ave. N & Minor Ave. N.
we only dream that we do. I accept both monikers
Now on sale at Supper! Ask for it the next time you stop by!
Let's grab a #veg dinner soon!
why don't we see if Palmiero's cleats still fit, too. No more regressing, powers that be.
Google me.... I'm internet famous!!! Get Blowed Entertainment 4 Life
That' sounds very nice and so fun! Thank you!
The worst disease u can catch is luv
just got my buffalo wing fix on in Dublin! Soo good. Hope you two are killin' it on #springbreak12!
I was supposed to have asked for forbearance since I was unable to pay but that mistake is considered cardinal. I was at Univ of Houston.
Today was a good day :)
Freedom Plaza (Occupy DC) appears to have become a refuge for the city's homeless. Are they there permanently? Where'd the protesters go?
Definitely. The late adopters are just getting started. :-)
Sure they do. It's Dwight Howard. Oh, wait...
thanks guys! Glad you made it. Sorry we didn't get to introduce ourselves. Hope to see you tomorrow.
Hitting the scene this year, all of them
Let us begin with some basic history of the geographical locations of colleges and universities
I can sway from side to side and snap my fingers
Splitsville Tampa with
Today's NY Times crossword was a veritable Halloween party. Now go Bills.
So jealous! I have class until 4:45 now every Monday.. No more Turbo Kick for me :(
Nice crowd for a game not involving the #Yankees or #RedSox. RT : announced crowd -- 32,862
I think that's the same way people are describing Kobe's flu.
Cant sleep i just got the and albums i cant stop listening!!!!
#FF to some local brewers that make #SanDiego the finest city. , , and Cheers to good #beer!
#OfficerSanchez on #NYC22 is bad ass! Love her! #CBS ;-)
I suppose this means it's time to buy some mittens.
Fielding miscues lead to 2 more runs for the Cubs and they now lead 5-1 going to the bot. of the 9th.
“a circle is a circle and a square is a square and no matter what you do, you can’t make a circle a square.” - You're a prick
#GWAS is the talk in my first period class!
maybe we can arrange something! We'll be in LA soon!
Road trip!!
We want to know what are your fave spots to take your entire family out to EAT! Let us know & you could be featured on GalTime Madison ;-)
Enjoy your Thanksgiving everyone, wherever you happen to be and with whomever you are sharing your day with. Give thanks.
when you finish a run, click store
- think your acct's been hacked. might wanna change your PW
Agreed! ": Robin and Sarah. Great job on website management session. #ncmpr2012"
I wanna see my Graduation Pictures !
Get off my line hooooo !!!!!!
You are pretty enough to dance with the #PussyCatDolls, but your singing is horrible!!! Sorry! :)
Honored that SF hosted #Shimon Peres yesterday. He has not lost his hope 4 peace after all these years. We mustn't either. Peace is possible
His book, Wherever I Wind Up, is on my "To Read" list. While I'm not a huge sports fan, I love reading about sports.
Hi Chris - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love your blog - great stuff!
Almost out of tickets for our June 11 show with ! Hit us up soon so we can get this party started!! We deliver :)
Don't bother. My wife has taken those before. They don't work.
What's your favorite sandwich at Big City Tavern?
Well, suck me sideways.
"my whole life is a metronome."
Wow, homepage redesign for AMZN!! Don't tell me you're actually getting a sense of design applied to your site & UX??!!
Living vicariously through you. Swoon. RT: : I'm at Allure Magazine
I have so many responses to this. Patron on me next time I'm in town.
If I Die Tomorrow I leave nothing left unsaid, nothing left undone. I can't wait to see who and what awaits me on the other side!
excited for the Twitter chat with
Sotomayor asks if AZ's position is that no one can face immigration ?'a unless an officer first has probable cause for arrest.
At the first sign of trouble sometimes I don't turn away. Consider the lesson learned.
To the MAX!!!
This tweet just made my day.
Let's go Nuggets.
It's been beautiful out lately! Why not take advantage? Get some interior or exterior painting! Call for a free estimate 877-912-5252
people who try so hard to fit in <<<<< just be yoself
aye homie what ever happen to comin up north to san jose to play a show
word, im gunna check him out. Check out Stuck to the sidewalk was his first tape.
Well this blows...
I said peaceful!
We are so excited to have you come and serve!! Thanks for serving dinner!!
I've never seen a quarter go by so fast! saints
LoL what term do you want to forget: Topless, Dick, or IBFF??
strawberry andre next weekend?!
Tickets are now available online! Visit our web site to purchase! $8 students/seniors, $12 adults. www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Must b some twitter thing.... I thought the same about u.
You'll love your new location! Quite a bit closer to access the beach now! :)
gotta love Meritage.
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN YOU FINALLY MIGHT BE ABLE TO GO SEE ONE DIRECTION, AND YOUR CRYING BECAUSE YOU WILL LOOK UGLY...
I gotta say I'm actually going to miss them...
Goddamnit. Silver-Painted- Jesus-Preachin- Homophobic- Homeless-Guy is on my train home. Too sober for this encounter. Oh, Chicago.
think u ment to say owwwwwww sexy
This years was the best year of my life.... <3
I love my little sister
I am having a problem with the profile rotator. It keeps giving an error when trying to upload. Please Help.
At breakfast can't way to go home an listen to BEATz!!!
Are you a home brewer or beer nerd in DFW? Follow one of our volunteers and great local home brewer, !
Yup. As my friend said earlier today regarding Yelp, "Karma's a bitch in the digital age."
Some random guy just added me on facebook. His name is John Smith. Yeah, that doesn't sound made- up at ALL .
To discourage #burglars install deadbolt locks that have high-security strike plates
Hah! I just went to last night. Cutting it close!
RT : Oh, you just graduated? Can I get an Number 1 with extra pickles and no mustard?
Thanks friend for the blessings!
i feel like i have been hit by a bus.
Murdered Philly's ass tonight!
:) You make me wanna shout!!!
Let me know what the class is like, I'm considering it ...
Erin & Andy are my favorite couple.
no wonder yo ass don't be responding lol
chinchillas are eating the wires again :) !! give us an update please so we know its not weekend blues
When all the girls on your team are PMSing at the same time
Bridesmaids cast and director all hitting the RC, not a very fashionable bunch, superb comedic display though :)
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
Lol it's only been since "95 for me LOL RT : Your Team Is Not Going To The Super Bowl So Keep Hating #ThatIsAll ;) lol
#OpeningDay (one of 'em, anyway)! Not hating #Marlins uniforms as much as I thought I would.
- wow, haters! how about being happy for someone who's making something out of their life based on a solid SDSU education.
Who Broke the Bank? Kourtney Kardashian or Maria Sharapova? Kourtney Kardashian and Maria Sharapova demonstrate how you can never go wron
Yes, exactly! :)
lol i am not how rude of you !
In a word. Yes.
watching the Daily Show
readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is "teutonically lush" a thing?
how u
Learning lots at #tocchicago incl my tolerance level for tally-talk... (Passed any 5 minutes ago)
I'm bringing sexy back... YEAH.
Fucking #vultures... Let the man be put to rest first.
no reggie over here boy straight KUSH lung burner nigga
Social media is great !! Especially when you plugins are F'd up. Write 1 post and now your repeating yourself ...repeating yourself
whats good nick hit me up I know ur brothers and I write for shawty from wild and out.. No bs
Hey how long will you be in Boston?
when said natick wrong. hahha he said naaatick not like nay-tick
The more I see the less I know, the more I wanna let it go
Yay Thursday! ! We have tattoo time and Ruben is piercing till 9pm!
I wonder how many hs students in #ward5 have taken or would like to take a tour of NPR. Let's expose them early to different career paths
hahahh thanks for the shot Chris
my wish for today...jobs come to me magically and I just do what I love...design
Very Mexican has got a great #Halloween special: Come in costume on Oct. 29th or Oct. 31st for 20% off your order!
i wanna have a 3 sum
congratulations Julie!!
I'm sorry Hun! I know how that is... You want to help but some people need to figure it out for themselves. The hard way :/
I'm going to be very disappointed in Packer Nation if Donald Driver gets voted off #DWTS tonight!
#WNST creating their own publicity again, if this is how #Leonsis is going to reconnect with Baltimore then #Wizards and #Caps are doomed
Yes, tweet about a husband's failure for the world to see...
GET "IN THE MIX" WITH THE ON MAY 17TH! WITH SPECIAL GUEST BE THERE!
Thank you Emily! Kids and I are having a dessert picnic after work at the Sculpture Garden. After #GalacticPizza of course:-)
That's the plan! :)
ya so I can finally get a fucking divorce
but I don't WANNA leave early, I wanna sleep in!
Its strange how life throws u a curveball wen u feel everything going down the drain god throws u a lifeline.
Talking today about Breaking Habits with , Patience with Allan Lokos, & Celebrating Life Every Day with
#honestyhour I wish I was skinnier. Flat tummy where are you
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic
We have worked hard to get to where we are now & we're excited about what's to come!!
Selma Blair says she hasn't lost any of her pregnancy weight (she gave birth 7 weeks ago). Yeah, she's a fat ass.
The American Museum of Natural History was founded on April 6, 1869 and opened to the public 3 years later
Sorry nope not happening
GETCHA BUTT-NAKED ASS ON DA DANCE FLOOR ( AND POP IT FOR A NIGGA ).....
I love Franks!
#mbchats Calvino's If on a Winter's Night a Traveler. And Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. And A Brave New World. And 1984.
Thanks Nancy, I"m already following them :o)
getting awesome rolled tacos from a hole in the wall Mexican place. esta bien.
..+-_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
*jawdrop* “: Darth Vader killed Obi-Wan Kenobi, but in fairness Obi-Wan was technically wearing a hoodie at the time.”
#Pacers ...they won the game sRT : Who gets the blame for the 's loss tonight?
What is Maverick's official arrival date? Sorry Lyss, you gotta be Goose for this reference to work...
Happy Easter! delivers Easter Baskets to Sunrise Children's Hospital with the Easter Bunny!
Come on in! RT : Parlour to Parlour is back! Michael Fortes sets the scene for the 2011 return of Popdose's video interview series.
I want to live in LA
RT : THRIVE Lunch 11:30am today at Buffalo Wings and Rings in Weston. Please join us for lunch and networking
Scratch my last status.. I just left Carrabba's doe
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it. Hehe :)
Dear , i haven't talked to you in 2561981 days. i miss you! :( love, your bestie(:
another soporific 90 mins with the Spurs, they make it easy to go back to bed!
Follow mee please!!
• Why u still up?
Can we actually pull this out?
How can I hate someone I've never met?
random shoutout to for being thee bestfriend ever and being an awesome pirate/truck driver! :)
The cafeteria at work is serving lasagna and garlic bread today. Sadsies
Haha no worries! I'm just a lowly first year. ;) Just making my way into the #libraryschool Twitter scene.
As promised, here's the reminder. Curb Your Enthusiasm, tomorrow night (Sunday) on HBO. Please tune in!
Truff. Got 99 problems and that bit&$ c Philly ain't one of them!!
Hmm. Checked in. 10 min wait for room has now stretched to 30 min.
Happy Birthday!<U+2665>
This week's reading is on Operating Physical & Technology centered security programs. 3 weeks left this term!
hope you had a testicular birthday! Great seeing you last night.
At the end of the first half of the ISAAC Boys Final: The Chelsea School 38 The Lab School 27
You're welcome! Please do let us know how it all works out. And if you end up getting a dress, we always love pics. Just saying...
it's do frustrating. I came into this season not expecting much but the 7-2 start had me thinking otherwise but I'm back to reali
Yes, caffeine an essential ingredient. Not ready for meter, let alone rhyme!
When bubbles texts me and tells me he dunked over on a 12 foot goal today >
You convict a man cause enough people pointed fingers. Then when the evidence ends up being shady, you still kill him. WRONG.
HAhahaha! This just made my day!
SEO Tip: Check your site for broken links, as your site may be penalised for such errors. There are tools online to help with this.
Gotta keep that up in the second half
I wish i could see you live
My body's beginning to look a lot like Santa…big & round & fat. Soon Jan 1 will be here, so we can all adhere to cardio & healthy fare!
haha. I can't do that. Id go crazy. I have to have my sleep! But you're an Angel can do anything. ;) I'm just boring Charlie
My dog is so strange. She jumps around ferociously at the sound of silverware, and now? At the sound of letters being opened.
I've seen the silent treatment before but that was a new one for me. was nice to see AP smile and his teammates having fun
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
I don't wink my eye at the females, i ain't that cheesy
Let us know when we can work together ..
Day three of #Rising wrapped up. Now we sleep for a week. -JO
P.S.: We're working on a way to let people decide what kind of innovative food they want to see next... Stay tuned!
Just finished making my "rules for seaside" poster. Bitches better abide.
it would be the best show.. Poor idiot bar owners on ss. Do like idea of hellsbrewers too
what was the name of that comedian we were listening to in the office a couple weeks ago?
very sweet!
I would love to have our talent reply to your casting.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER: THERIVERSDSU
My phone gets no love anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
It takes the "desire" to do it, to be a journalist.
FOR THOSE WHO HAVE YET TO HIT UP THAT #TATTOOMUSIC WILL BEPRESENTING IT TO YOU LIVE APRIL 3RD AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE
i think that when we tweet on here we should put -(our name) so we know who's who :) -kaycie
I love leaaving my twitter open so my friends can use it !!!!
Weave itching like crazy and the #patyourweave does not work
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas...
Cody Is Sexy and Angels Know It (:
NEITHER DO I.
That feeling when a film is all coming together better than you even imagined. #Rising -JO
We need Pettitte quickly ....
Getting up at 5 tomorrow like I do everday of the week -__- but I know it'll all be worth it.
J. Edger: biopic about a cross-dressing mower attachment.
It's raining men in MS. YOUNG by
941 Payroll taxes due this week. Pay by Tuesday...online, better do this Monday the 14th to assure timely processing!
MSU Libraries concentrate its Chicano/Latino materials from Michigan and Midwest -- D.Riviera
How many deer can fit in one yard?
Xbox gets about 40 new entertainment partners, but how many new gaming partners have they announced this year?
Editor interviews author Jim Cheshire for his take on the Kindle Fire and his book on the device, My Kindle Fire...
Chelsea 3 Arsenal 5, DID NOT SEE THAT COMING
Whilst I enjoy writing synopses for the AuteurCast, I sometimes can't help wondering if I'm laying on the alliteration a little thick. Nah!
And the vases look like mirror balls!!!
Double minded =
"The Intelligent Whale" Apt! RT In 1955, Ford asked poet Marianne Moore to help name their new car. Her list of suggestions.
Working on story about Wrightstown's Craig Nennig. His Grandpa was drafted by the Cardinals but declined to be with his wife instead. Aw
Aint got no time to shuck and Jive these niggas as sweet as pumpkin pie!
i voted for you!(:
Recommendation: Get dropped off at school. You most likely will be too tired to drive Saturday morning, and reduce risks of damage to cars
u two played great Sunday! Stay focused good things will come. Enjoy the time off
s clarkson photographed South Asian Art Festival, see virtual tour www.zanbeelart.com
Playing roulette with a box of chocolates. Would love it if they could standardize on the flavor/shape combos so I can avoid the crappy ones
Chatted w/ one of my fav librarians today. Love Cedar Mill Community Library. Just realized I've been a volunteer there for nearly 6 years.
Ballet barre, carrot juice and recording at Ocean Way... What an awesome day. Plus its gorgeous in Nashville today. Im feeling so blessed.
Underway in the third... #ACHA Delaware up 3-1
Great game dude. you need Joey S to get you a Sheen #Winning shirt. Tweet that shit.
God enters by a private door into each individual. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson (yes this means you!!)
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot. (:<
IT'S GAMETIME!!!
Our class just got my chem teacher to make a twitter :D
Please follow me!!!<U+E328>
Oh ok, I can dig it homie lol.
“: Happy to be playing with our friends and at the Avalon in Santa Clara. March 22.”
Pumped love you
RT : DRose is counting on being ready for the playoffs. Im shocked DRose actually counted something without the help of anyone
Some cold beers and a nice grinder along with playoff hockey sounds like a hell of a night lets go rangers and coyotes
When you hear the truth and believe it because you feel as if it the real thing
Adtech is a little overwhelming this year
I'm interested in speaking
Local pride!
Shit just leaves a bad taste in my mouth
I'm on my phone so I can't send it, but if you go to youtube and type it in you'll be able to find it.
Still-angry Francona Won&#39;t Attend Fenway Park&#39;s 100th Birthday ...
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) haha
accidental ghost tweet
yeah! i just saw them again! i'm trying to get a picture with my binoculars
WTG Suzanne Bonamici. Although I (barely) live outside of her district, she will represent Oregon well.
Good morning ppl
RT : Michael Turnbull suggests that the Campus Plan time period be lengthened, suggesting 5 instead of 10 years
Tuesday is Indiana Regional Medical Center Day! MIDWAY RIDES OF UTICA begin!
your vocals on #vulnerable are fucking kick ass! Your my idol even more now!
Thanx for the follow! Check out our affordable logo and website design packages to help with your jewelry business!
Hmm wasn't aware of it. Wish it was a bit earlier (because I'll likely put myself in a food coma) but I'm down to go if you are.
Thanks for the
I'm planning to! Looks exciting
RT : Grover Here are some things that are prickly:a cactus.A porcupine.And my Aunt Mathilda before she has her morning coffee.
I know, I wanted Schaub to win too.
it is actually!! I like it but sometime it can be sad b/c it rains a lot but we still get sun like right now. lol
Old city directory discovery from 1982 - Noe's Bar in SF used to be called Noe's Ark, which sounds way more clever.
Fortunately Chef Dan kept some chicken in reserve, so we can have Vietnam Claypot Ginger Chicken & Bok Choy, too! :-)
Woke up home alone :x not okay.
I suppose that makes sense. Did Moses have multiple wives? He was around 1300 BC, though. (If he even existed)
Finally got around to trying Dump Truck from GigaNews/Golden Frog. Nothing to report yet. No idea how much storage yet.
I get it & agree... Basic Human Rights should transcend majority rule.
Like I said, cheap rent!
It's #hot #hot #hot in #nyc today! Keep cool, drink plenty of water an don't forget to check out www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com!
Tired to be nice to people but fuck it think that shit don't work no more back to my old ways
RT : Great shoot today!
meannnny! Runs away
are you going to be at #2012c19? i will miss you! when will i see you again?
g0t a haircut. i think im in love with myself O:
I thought it was Jason Kinney at your office that you were referring to.
you spinnin tonight
"See a new picture on the mirror of your future and proceed "As If" it's your "Now" reality!
OMG thank you following my ! I got peanut butter stuck in my throat, how do I get it out?!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 3
Cant wait for the Dead Throne tour to roll through with and
Okay, either this bar is elusive or literally disappears like Brigadoon. Anyone heard of a place in WI called Mythos Bar (& possibly Grill)?
The Dow Jones just closed at its highest point since May 2008. I am sure there are many people not happy about that
well I have NO IDEA how you can write in Japanese/Chinese, like how would the KEY BOARD look??
How's your eye? :)
#WWERAW Kevin Nash has lost his mind, Triple H is gonna beat the living crap outta him.
n I was the one who told my bro, to ask his followers for their opinions n thoughts towards what I tweeted
nice! howdy from an alabama expat and jealous wilco fan.
Friends who lie<<<
aww hi...Im fine. Was so busy with school i haven't been on here in a while. I have a 3.2 now...Im so happy. 38 more hrs left!
yes i am coming down all weekend
you make me fucking hate myself yet you say your the one person that will always be there for me.... wait WTF i dont think so Fuck You
Move to Austin!!! It's sunny here :)
Fletcher Cox is 6'4 300 pounds. A lot bigger then most Eagles DTs. They usually look at speed only guys
its kind of sad b/c they were portrayed as having such great character…oh well.
addicted to the song #speaknow! i cant stop playing it!!
You don't deserve any of the hate that you have gotten it's beyond crazy! Btw your son is adorable!
just received an email announcing that there will be an event announcement email sent out tomorrow
Literally falling asleep sitting up while waiting for Christians tattoo to be done..
every day, 2,500 Americans are forced into bankruptcy by medical costs, the leading cause of homelessness in the United States
Hey, they like the ladies : Gorman, Slaton, Money and Moore will play in the 3/3 pro-am Sun City Open, an LPGA event. OK then
how goes it for you? The vegan thing is taking gold quickly (this time). I miss cheese, but it passes.
welp I'm off to bed...night twitter peeps! will be taking over while I sleep some more ;)
8 pm tomorrow
Congrats to & for making top 121 Best New Hotels in the world!
I think my mom is on facebook, probably stalking my bro and my ass.....
Listening to One Direction and typing up Chapter three of my fanfic. The link is on my page if you would like to read it
Great and You
The team just returned from a 7 day backpacking trip to #Yosemite Nat'l Park. Hiked 37 miles, camped, fished, and totally rocked out!
oh k
So whose watching Raw tonight
about to start international stout day!
Well said!
Do any football teams in England wear 'throwback' jerseys or kits, like some NFL teams do? Maybe fitting for team founding anniversaries?
Impractical Jokers >>>>
RT : mini marathon, Indianapolis Indians, Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, and the Pacers in the playoffs..could this...
i will
I attended Bob Levine's Executive luncheon yesterday. This was at Legacy Financial Services. If anyone wants to join this small networkin…
Firefighter Combat Challenge Comes To Lawton, Oklahoma This Weekend - PR Web (press release)
#GoogleCt #appsct Check out Tools > Research in Google Docs. So Cool! Thanks Google There are no excuses not to cite says
Forty is the only number the letters of which are in alphabetical order.
And hungry
cool twitter avatar ya got there pal
sweet twit pic. (;
Honestly, I keep forgetting that I even have a twitter.
Grown Ass Man
OFF TO THE GYM SUCKS=CARDIO
Texting ma Bestie Hannah!
“There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.” - Ansel Adams
The Ss investment always seems to come through in their reflection pieces, which we include with the pub'd multimedia piece.
Guess you'll have to wait and see :).
Smh off work. Bunch of dicks at work man. Refuse to take shit from anybody.
wow, that's crazy!
voluntarily leaving. I'm the new Manager of Game Operations 4 the Washington Wizards & Mystics. Kristi and I move this weekend
It won’t ever get old, not in my soul
What's the weirdest ornament you hang on your Christmas tree?
Google wants to pay the bills to spread your message & make more $$ when more peeps watch you via
I wish would choose my outfit everyday. She's always looking her best!
I already knew I wasn't the only nigga I knew my place I knew everything she,was tellin me she was tellin her other niggas cnt trust her
"IM I LIKE TO PRETEND IM RICHER THAN I AM & SAY REALLY STUPID SHIT BECAUSE IM AN ATTENTION WHORE & I LOVE TO EAT DIARRHEA"
takes school projects too seriously. Did you see her twitpics of her poetry book?!
I remember watching newport harbor and all the cute prom stories
Happy Thanksgiving CANADA!!! I love my family! :D
Bad Boys 2! Never gets old.
that and guys with nice watches. The two best things. But if they have both. Forget about it. Game over
I don't want a circus in my mouth!
I hope everyone has a amazing day and night. :)
Just glad to have you in the fold - young man.
we need to attend said
Saw that! Been a huge fan of yours for a while now, btw. Standing ovation.
when I c light again we smokeN Zz's! U no how I play everyman to the head! I'm nt passN shit! Its on the table roll up smoke up!
Anyone go to Cover The Night last night in Philly?
#Apple understands "up and running." Who else does? Alarm clocks are more complicated to set. Cars need manuals to know tire pressure.
Well, I sucked at tennis practice today :(
It's been that way for years. I actually thought they were dead until they announced the Flavor event this year.
lol maybe the ones you tried ;)
Thats what I was thinking.
If I never hear the word "compromise" again, I'd be OK with that.
Can you come on facebook ? please . My twitter don't work good.
#incaseyoudidntknow I love Taylor swift. Hahah! Of course you already know! You must be new here if you didn't know!
when will u be back to the usa?
is off set early and looking forward to my final scheduled shoot date,tomorrow, for my role in the Feature Film that is filming in Big Bear.
meet and greet event in march at , coming soon
Touchdown in Seattle
me too..thanks for all your help!
Sat night in the valley of the sun! LAKERS & SUNS in 45 mins!!
RT : Happy to hear that a client of mine RealNetworks Unifi won Best of Show at CES.
I'd do horrible things with James Franco.
PLEASE do this is Jacksonville!!! That would be awesome to meet you!!! :)
HuntSmartly, is a new smart-phone app that helps apartment hunters sift through the many Craigslist listings
Main course.
I know you miss me I can tell by the way you kiss me
YAAY! Where's girl's night? I wanna party with everyone!
Hisd has a way of pissing niggas off at THE START of a whole new week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
who's saying there is?
"Connected. Take this REPL, brother, and may it serve you well." fuck yes
I'm glad the Bulls are out. They play some shitty basketball that, quite frankly, I don't want to watch.
We did indeed! Coming to our website soon!
yes indeed! : )
Felt like I was out of my orbit, then I had my special moring brew....now I feel better, so much better :-))
Finna Be Up For Awhile, I'm Not Tired At All.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. Thomas Carlyle
bruins I LOVE YOUU!
isn't all minestrone vegetarian
That looks heavenly...
I am mad i can't view my tweets or my profile i don't know whats going on any suggestions?
Maybe he was just getting a piece of lint off?
thanks Keith. Good luck with yours, too. I look forward to seeing you in Denver.
seriously?! What happened
Happy Pi Day everyone!
someone's not happy ;)
Thank you kindly for the RT! Glad that you enjoyed the article. Let me know if you have any questions that I can answer for you.
Just Be.
RT 4all of you who dont know what a twitter diet is is when you spend a time without tweeting to relax
I'm totally getting a car wash today! Thanks ask
YES! : U can't claim 2 support #VAWA if u don't support protecting ALL victims incl #LGBT #native & #undocumented!
oh heck yea! that is awesome. SO, that means you have like a week to learn all the words to our new EP right? hahaha :)
& It's not even my birthday.
Ohh oops.. Lol, how did you even see that? :p
i loove you really(':
Pay-Rod = crybaby. 8 yr old Yankee fan I've been trying not to cuss in front of all night = SERIOUS potty mouth!
Onto another week full of nothing to do, I may just leave for now.
Awh no problem :] Well you must have great taste in music then x]
na I was headed to the train..nigga all da crack heads was sleep! Lol
my laptop died and I decided to go all in with an iPad. It's been different but positive so far.
Ah yes! For our band's party, our bassists grandma was sporting a blue mohawk
they say the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree.
I have to agree that Bachmann's migraine dustup seems sexist, but who pays for the drugs she takes for it?
GAMEDAY!!! hosts #16 Cornell at Noon at DBMilne Field! HUGE GAME! Baseball at Ga Southern Softball at FSU!
RT : Pregnancy massage is a technique created specially to deal with the side effectrs of pregnancy. Many women find it...
I would want all my friends bands to play the most kickass farewell show.
hey...bye
I'm glad to hear that!
Slow jams
Guys are creepy
which one is yours? The first one?
Thank you for the RT! Thinking of going?
Linsanity tonight at the Garden! Very excited! I Prob. won't make it past the 1st half tho...
still on mountain time.
#thecomedy looking forward to this!
It's a sign of weakness, so the dollar may fall.
not home, still at the airport. Flight still good so far.
That's like the drink equivalent of having to go to the grocery store and get feminine hygiene products.
JVMT/GoodLife Studio's come check us out! We mix, master and engineer. Hit us up. Inbox me!!! Text me!! Beats for sale! We do it all!!! !!!!
Our Executive Director has same b-day as u. Add 1/12 B-day peeps on your TV show-H. Stern, R. Limbaugh, O. Platt, A. Griffin!
Good morning all! Another beautiful day in LA.
Feature Film Idea: "Honey, I Turned The Backyard into a 'Honey, I Shrunk The Kids' -Based Theme Park."
maybe he was just trying to check out the new tattoo? Hahaha.
The first condoms in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Betsey Johnson scares me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
You're pretty awesome too! :)
On Nov.2, 2010, it only takes 10 seconds to secure a successive 4 years for DC by writing in Adrian Fenty for Mayor!
I love my HoodieBuddie :D
Lose yourself in the moment, you own it.
RT : Don't forget, our 2nd episode is going up tomorrow (5/9) w/ our guest who has been in cinema & television for almost 30...
Ever seen "Her Morning Elegance" by Oren Lavie? One of my personal favorite music videos!
Re: Hate-watching Smash. I started watching 'cause of you & now I have a word for why I continue.
Perfect! RT : YES! RT : will that be the company tag line. ... "we love your lazy ass" ;)
Many pop culture backlashes are based in a jealousy of other people having a good time.
thanks soo much!
thanks for the tip, will check it out. Currently trying to select a group of polys (census blocks) within another poly
thanks for the RT. :)
Hurray for power being back on! Almost 24 hours with A/C, interweb, or coffee!
The Rockies & Braves are playing a 1pm game... Come grab some lunch and watch a little bit of America's pasttime.
sometimes, girls do that, too ... .
In Dupont right above the circle.
Great week for Jason Snelling
have a great weekend<U+E105>
Replace fear with love. The human mind is like a fertile ground where seeds are continually being planted.
Let's go lakers
My <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>are killing me!!!
Audio Addiktion will be covering the today!! We will be posting pictures and audio interviews with the bands soon...
Love @ First Bite! Sink UR teeth in2 a nite of a #romance & #passion Dress like a #Vampire this Friday & get in for FREE!
Anything good on TV?
I meant sex, but I hit c instead and then t changes it to 2nd
awesome, thanx for the link, I'll try and make it out to one of the meetups
Those attending 's boot camp receive 60% off their ticket to tonight's Big Idea. Don't miss this opportunity!
4 days until Mother's Day. What will you get for Mom? has some great local ideas on at 6:30.
What it do TweetHearts??? About to have study Group Lmao!!!
your podcast with last time was perfect...got to get you on. Ill see you at trackwork Thursday morning
“: Can y'all tell I'm bored and wide awake??” hell ya I'm "bored and wide awake" too..Super Bowl=drunk!!
Time to start planning for St. Patty's day! THE ENDERS are playing Lafayette Brewing Co. More to come!
Yay for no work!
I love you Mama Mahone! You were there for Austin through everything. Your honestly his bigger fan<3
What's NOT RIGHT?!
Missed the #superbowl cause i had to work.
Woops! , meant to send that from the account. Thanks for the follow, though! You're doing good things in NJ.
To all the people following us. Thank u and stay tuned for #product launches.
thanks for the follow,Captain!
m...semester's over for students, but I still have a lot of grading to do. No rest for the weary.
Good luck! MT just completed your trivia quiz in anticipation for tonight!
I think we all are to a certain extent~ searching becomes a scavenger hunt!
mfs foolin in college hill tonight! fina turn da news on..
please... 3am please not even close to my bed time ;)
took a nice piss on the bathroom floor today with
What game are you playing in life
MATTEAU MATTEAU MATTEAU... Ok I"m gonna try and stop doing that. But I aint promising nothing lol
It's great to see y'all on Twitter!
same here but we went home for that lol
I got three cookies, but I really should have just gotten two.
post pics, I'd love to see the set up.
idk ask Precious, its a skool field trip
Done #amWriting. Working through a tough scene.
thanks! You too!
OMG IS IN THE SAME STATE AS ME<3 #followback?
yes!!! Can't wait!
VOP month-“I lost my father and my job all within the same year. It's hard to take care of my children with no income.” Recent client
is home..off till Monday!!
Clare Coleman: States that use the Medicaid program are required to offer family planning health care. States that exclude it get sued.
haha it is cool and I LOVE IT but the wizard's back room can be exhausting!
I actually ran an under 8 minute mile today. Been so SO long since I could. Short 4miler tho.
you put more smiles on people than the world itself
You gonna head to Philly for Lacrosse Sunday Funday???
OMG ikr? if she doesnt tell her mom i swear i will
hard to work when its this nice out. plus i have to take kid to a friend's birthday party tonight. who scheduled that?
Zed's Dead Baby #threewordfilms film
FL bound in a few hours!
I hate waiting
(Rich) Welcome Carman to the team :)
haven't heard from you in awhile, were u still interested in sponsoring items for our scholarship program?
raggae music, lobster soup & home made bread at the Bermudian uncle's home
I never thought that you'd be the one to hold my heart, but you came around and you knocked me off the ground from the start <3
I'm starving. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I'll be at Barleys at some point Saturday
We love you man!!!
Dear dollar store cashier. You are terrible.
<--- He would take yo girl out to dinner, nd give her different thoughts about you. *Shrugs
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV. 19TH 2011
Internet Download Manager v 6.11 Final Build 7 + Crack | The ...
JUST WAIT TIL YOU SEE HIS DRILL
anyone know of any guidance on how historians manage data in a way compatible with NSF grant requirements?
DO IT!
"Andrew Young: John Edwards Called Mistress A 'Crazy Slut' #huffpost Maybe he shouldn't have left his wife for her!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 5
Special thanks to for tweeting today's event at
Unforgiveness is like drinking a poison and expecting the other person who did you wrong to die.
That is a weird problem.
Looking to publish in high impact journals shouldn't be the driver of research.
Welcome, Christopher. Hope you had a great weekend :)
Happy Haitian Flag Day....We Fought To Gain Our Freedom, Now Lets Continue To Fight To Gain Respect....God Bless.. Sak Pase?
Orange County #1 for search word #SeoOrangeCounty "Upfront Consultants"
I have a invention also, for a adult sex toy, how do I get my idea sold, in stores or sold online and patent.
Thanks for the follow. We sat next to each other when Tim Pawlenty visited Meres Bulles w/ Bill Haslam. Thanks for all u do!
2 WHITE CUPS AND IM DAT DRANK COULD BE PURPLE IT COULD BE PINK!.......sn.IN REAL LIFE
PLZ FOLLOW HER!
#BullsNation let's hope 4 the best on Sunday
So much to do in such little time. #iwantsleep wait, actually. Damn me. I procrastinate. Ops.
The perfect girl: Truthful, Intelligent, Gentle, Humble, Tolerant, Polite, Understanding, Sexy, Smart, Youthful (T.I.G.H.T. P.U.S.S.Y.)
Imagine being the ex of an artist.. All those break up songs are about you xD
15 days until i see them though omg
don't shoot me but the rangers for sure. and I want the rangers to play the devils.
#ihate when you ask someone how old their brother/sister is and they say what grade they are in.
Huntington woman reports being shot multiple times with BB gun - Huntington Herald Dispatch
-Cough- well there IS one other person..
Kagans remarks on the Obamacare case are really scary! How on earth did she ever get approved for the bench??!??!??
Good night! RT Good night everyone! Hugs and love!
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!! WE JUST KEEP ROCKIN!!!
hello twitter world :)
Hey I hope everyone had a good weekend ^_^
“: Too much to do in life, with so little time.. & pointless drama is the last thing I need right now.”Amen<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
is a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad person.
Twenty-five boxes coming from UPS? Bring 'em on!
psh I still don't even know what spotify is
Arsenio Hall: "I'm gettin in yo ass!" Clay Aiken: "You might want to rephrase that."
medium coffee with cream
Talk things through without anger or frustration. Clear headed communication leads to "clear" answers:)
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 2
a gorgeous and Sexy woman like you, anyone not following is missing out!
Ok, I will get a truck for the weekend. I have a shovel already. Get ready.
I Cried When I remembered your smile and our fun times.
Why is all ot your tweets squares?
It's time for work on Monday. Good thing I have a name badge because I forgot who I am.
Shut up. You Have Nathan<U+2665>
The patio is kickin' and the garage doors are open! Its time to play hookie and hit Happy Hour!
lmfaoo my mom was about to go in!!!!!!!!
haha will do;D just me n my mom live in my house in san diego;D
yep and I'm about to pick another fish.
Love / in its purest form / builds upon itself / by healing wounds / and bringing light to the darkness
it's my second time :)
Cooked a cold piano Melody
RT : Thank you chef! You set the standard for Latino cuisine across America! Buen provecho!
Just went to to grab the ingrediants for the 2 day cleanse.
Thanks to Martin Luther King Jr. for being a leader in #civil rights, which includes #Disability!
The Samsung Vibrant is just obnoxiously awesome. I'm really enjoying this new phone :)
of to see the Wizard...
Your cousin confirmed for UFC Sweden! Very Cool.
Time to rise out of bed and start the day
I enjoy trying to figure out what book people are reading on their kindles on the bus. That's not creepy right?
Rain, rain go away.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers hundred characters, I'm sure you could get in more, but master sudden subtlety as never done before.
Thanks for the mentions
hey when you need to dig up good stats and data about mobile browsing, where do you typically turn? any one spot in particular?
Hey Travis! long time, no tweet! :)
Want the most money for you #books bring them to BookHolders! We are open till 10.
#britta in love w/ #subway. insanely funny on so many levels... you make product placement awesome
who gives a fuck what Bristol Palin thinks?
Just. Like. That.
I read that on a blog, but not sure if the evidence is that strong. Many people seem suspicious.
i hate when your inner prankster/teaser comes out! I WANT TO SEE #BOYRFRIENDvideo excited ;DD
wow! That's a lot of Kinders! How many tchrs on ur team?
I don't like being called a hipster...as I do not dress in florals and thrift store clothes..I wear band shirts even when they are bleached
#marc11 The Tao of Pooh. What a great slide title.
Watching the basketball game. At work chilling
Loving your work!!! Hope to make it on May 4.
": This is a layup drill for Kentucky.....Arkansas is makin it tough to watch! #Hogs" ur a Football school long knocker.
Blu-ray Review: All Things Fall Apart via
All is quiet on new years day -U2
So generous, mil gracias!
i actually have a reason to live
Tomorrow. Pre Superbowl Party at Le Bain. New York Night People!
If u or your friend had a fitted cap with gator skin & a watch on it
please update me on what's going down w wufc. Been away from twitter all day. Pvt msg if u want.
LMFAO! That's what emojis are for doe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Productive walk of shame
APO Music Group
heading to the Diversity Communications Committee.
Sigh, that's the only way!
nice! where's that?!
lol wow Chief whats next, rating their Girlfriends.
The instrumental demo of "I know I'm Not Wrong" is really great.
*blushes* No problem... <3
I would die in ecstasy
Scott Simon of #PIMCO. #govt has always been involved in
I wanna have a naked pillow fight with you. Lol. Can I bring a midget and a donkey?
Yes, he brought back lots of fish. I threw it into the Fry Daddy and it was delicious. Oh, Martha White....best hush puppies ever & EASY.
Happy april fools
We found love, took it for granted, and lost it.
An article about Earthways Ice Melt Spreaders » W32 Article Directory - spreaders
Can't wait for the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ fest this weekend. 3rd year in a row. Shame their website, ticket sales crashed multiple times
Went to Hobby Lobby for the first time amazing experience<333(:
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America. Some superpower we turned out to be.
Alex already ruining the meeting
Steak and Wine night this evening. Come enjoy a Rib-Eye for just 16.95 or our Drunken Hangar for 12.95!
eating gummy bears and they are delicious! Haribo!
The camera allows one to see the world through the imagination # photography
anything with melted cheese and a tortilla wrapped around it is fucking delicious.
Submit your pitches to
Now tapped: Arsenal's Bone Dry cider! At 11.5% ABV this one is a doozy!
I hope it don't rain today...
good to see you on the Twitter Marti!
Happy Friday, enjoy your day.
thanks dude.. Come to our show at Petes Candy Shop January 28th!
best game for the thunder ever...they whooped the lakers. Lol
It's time to get that base tan started. Unlimited Memberships starting at $9.95/mo.
Stomach flu farts? I popped in at the wrong time. Think I'll avoid ya'll
It's hard for all of us to except changes... Especially when it comes to people.
gold stars for all of my strong clients today! funniester day ever, one client said "I am going to feel this in my knee fat tomorrow" =)
Wore my contacts today......SUCCESS! :oD
Whatever happened to stirrups? They've gone the way of the mustache. They were both cool in the 80s.
You would be wrong about that.
i finally remembered my password!! took me long enough!
I am curious. Would any of you ever leak music that is unmixed and unmastered? Why or why not?
Only class of the day cancelled
Just talked 2 Vega. Watch the interview on Roc City @ 7. Jackport is $540M. What would U do w/it? Tweet yur answer 2
I hate block schedualing .
i miss u to i been good
it was ramirezzzz
why are you so horny?
Can't wait to start classes in Miami..
Join with for High Performance Branding for the Modern Age on 11/10 #Advertising #Design students R free w/ ID
Think of the best thing that could happen, and assume that it will. Marianne Williamson
We'll be playing in Battle Creek, Mi April 21st and Jackson, Mi at Rockapalooza June 23rd. We'd love to come to Ann Arbor!
#twittercte facilitating a session at the CTE on using Twitter in the classroom
HAHHAHA...You know I like to play teacher!
Thanks for the like, Wendy Heniken Cooper! We look forward to working with you!
Dont mind me. Just reading the Federal Register on the bus ride home.
Retweet if you can't go a day without listening to music.
nope, but you were on a code academy list and I followed a few people on it. :)
Your having fun while I'm alone missing you :p
True-Twit under DDOS ATTACK!! Due to spam-bots--&*%$!! that's probably where my spammers came from!
Thanks for the mention!
Okay, SO. It's Oct.23rd..and I just realized that retweeted my tweet..on Sep. 24th. Well way he's amazing.
really nice, everyones dream!
Hope everyones enjoying there day! :)
Hm Jane' ? Or s Addiction? Who knows...
And I know my timeline hasn't changed that much from last year. Definitely a lot of converted fans.
ohh yeah it goes down too much and i sit and wait like O.o
is there a cap on how many people can be on a single team at the 4/24 Bell House Trivia night?
Love it. At my 1st startup my happiest & productive work happened at 2am w/ tumbler/rocks/vodka/olives
Was expecting to go out to eat but of course my sister took 4896729572395 years to put on her uniform.
Who's up and bored DM me
Yay!(: I FINALLY got checked out of school!
Watching a guy run in the park, stopping every 1/4 mile for a smoke break. You're defeating the purpose, dude.
please Rt this brother entered hospice and needs prayers. A Rt by u would get the word out please!!!
My mom told me not to say yolo and im lookin like wth is yolo then she told me to not play dumb im young wth i dont know wat it mean 4real<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks all joining #HDSholiday, keep the tweets coming! Wishing everyone a very happy holiday!
you was going #pianocrazy,lol. i broke a key before,
HA, it is very meta, isn't it?
if u are a True Belieber then Please follow me !! I love and support justin till the end of time Please follow 4when u follow jb smiles!
where u at we lookin for u and u bet not be Cakin
not a bad day so far lol
Jacqueline Nguyen, 1st female federal appellate judge is here along with Circuit Judge Denny Chin. Obama doubled # of Asian American judges.
hope u r feeling better
Society awakens democracy. Somewhere along the way Milwaukee’s Social Development Commission disconnected.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -- Anne Frank
shaking off the effects of last night's collision perhaps? I think Nyjer is ready. 2 or 3 hits tonight.
And then there was that time jabbed his nose with a drinking straw because he forgot it was there
C'mon stop throwing and start shooting!!
!!! where in clintonville??
Thanks for following us guys!! U can check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
Going to sleep! Back tweeting tomorrow. Much love!!!!
fuck yeah lol I feel u :)
Dear school, i would appreciate it if you didnt make it 145614237178 degrees in the school sincerey, everyone!
shit no ones here, you can here a fly fart
Dont hate on it waz an honest mistake you might think tht icant say tht cuz im new but i hppnd to me befor no hate plzz
WOOT... Nyjer Morgan is the new batter... Crowd lovin' this move.
Welcome to the team, I know you are going to miss Memphis. Your perimeter defense will be key to obtaining a championship.
All of the sirens I'm hearing lead me to believe that it was a cannon
its only 4:19 in CST #jerks RT : Don't know about you, but I just SPRINTED out of the office when the clock hit 5.
Thank you for RT!
nothing cute about camel toe!
Billy Bush--- stop talking forever.
Boyz in the Sink??
We need to do a feature on ! I love the ! #hilarious #comedy "Crocs are not for guys!"
wow drake goes hard on the new album.......
Drinking is not the answer!
time to get this trending.........
Love how the field house is loud again!
Sanctus real is my new love. Especially daniel. <3
Having a great times with my friends!
well yea i didnt talk 2 him
Garza has been masterful today, and LaHair continues to rake. This game has been a joy to watch so far - BB
what's their actual one
HELP ALEX I NEED YOU
I think I may need some lessons...
WoW, what a ride or die chick
"Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."~M Mead
Thanks for the greeting and the follow!
Now running OSX 10.7 with the beta driver for Presonus Firestudio Mobile and beta version of Osculator. So far, so good.
Meat Loaf's Bat Out of Hell album has sold over 43 million copies. I own it. It's awesome and stuff.
A person hates for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.
Happy Mothers Day!!
Yes please!!
I Took My Baby To The Doctor With A Fever, But Nothing He Found By The Time This Hit The Street They Said She Had A Breakdown-MJ 1982
omg Hairspray is on! MY FAVORITE MOVIE/ MUSICAL :D
I am so excited to hear your new stuff. :)
Im gonna miss make it or break it. Omg
that is some shiiiiit. Where u work at?
I creep with criminals and clowns I'm similar to Grimace ...
Thanks sweetie.. #excited :)
making fun of any murder is lame, I support most of your bmore politics, but perhaps stick to that, leave the comedy to the pros
We have a solid 1-3NLH with lots of chips flying across the table! Plus U still have all day to get the rest of your hours for our freeroll!
alright :) but you know it's gotta be the midnight premiere lol
Men on first and second for the #Orioles in the bottom of the ninth. Soriano's intentionally walking Markakis to get to Jones.
TGIF Go brewers.
Tonight! | That Good Good Fridays w/ sounds by & | 21+FREE | No Cover | No Dress Code!
Don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the Association for Asian American studies this week!
got housed
Whoops Singapore not US? Makes better send to me
a century-old rivalry may be over, but i will forever despise kU. chancellor gray-little's comment shows how bitter kansas is.
work: a client training, a site visit and then they are coming to my real office to visit us. (I'm a virtual employee mostly)
We look forward to seeing you here.
I would say ZOU but I'm a Republican so it would sound ignorant and I'm a rich white guy who doesn't "get it"
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you..... Lane
hush yo face
is just one week away! Have you bought your tickets yet? Save $10 when you use the special discount code under the Info Tab!
Thank you Keith for the sharing!
What are my values, how do I allocate my time, are they aligned, am I happy with that?
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
give me a moment, I have to download it on my phone because I only have it on my iPad kid
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK.
: You should've just come... everyone's so nice and great!
- I thought you were taking the camera gear?
for sure. I'ma DM.
good to hear. We should frab lunch one day. Im up for that for sure!
*For side, door, back glass,and stone chip repairs call Auto Glass Experts 414-409-7263 find us on Facebook.
Emotional abuse is abuse. Don't let men talk to you like your nothing. If they do, whoop their fucking ass
GUYS KEEP VOTING FOR THM SO THEY CAN GO BAC ON TOP CUZ THM ON #6 THTS JUST MESSED UP-__-
good lord I miss you three more then you will ever know! #ps that better not be queso
Alex Jones is cool. But you have to know when to walk the talk. Alex talks alot, should walk more. Billion shouts cannot move a single cup
jameson! A woman after my own heart :)
FYI - Equipment Failure in Philly affecting MegaPath/Covad data customers. Pipes have been down since 11:30 last night.
Bills are on the clock! No whammies!
Congrats to the students and alums who ran the #FlyingPigMarathon today!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! x
“: You got that camel toe”2 bell peppers in ya drawers!!
Normal day in Santa Ana: Woman walking with a see-through top. Can totally see her...... too bad she was old and fugly
BIG TRUCK DAY is May 12th -10am to 2pm at Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway
Come join us today for Pastoral’s monthly artisan wine tasting! 12-2pm
I am not scared to tell you i like you. I am scared about what is going to happen after I tell you!;)
lean like a cholo was my theme song because gpoy
.think I'll take kaya and her passed out ass down to my bed and cuddle up for a nap myself....DUECES!!!
Golfing , fishing, you have way too much fun- I wanna help!
Get your #BallSoHard Ts tonight at the Charity BBall Game
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand a kid wanna cross the road unexpectedly...
Hi! I didn't realize you were down town!! Bet you have a great view!
Life's a bitch, so fuck it.
Pilates + kickboxing ...this is going to be a good class!,
good luck tonight Joshua your the best you inspire me and your my
I sometimes feel the same way.
everything is good here! just workin on new stuff :) how are you?
he's been tanning in the off season.
3G connection drains faster than wifi
I'll start my play calling now. It's all good. “: What is going on Packers!?”
Man ceased to be an ape, vanquished the ape, on the day the first book was written.
Been asked to produce a Celebrity Spouses cookbook Featuring recipes from Celebrityspouses.net members
All the more reason for you and me to do the internship tradeoff.
All I know is what I know and what I know now
Sad news, friends. No Bar Bacon this month.
Women earn just 76 cents for every dollar men earn in wa state. One of the worst gaps nationally.
At rehearsal. Good things in the works!
Hi am Greatness of Black Dize Entertainment am looking for a dj ? I have a few events coming up get at me asap
I need a tan.
he's the greatest. Alex is the king of all dogs.
Arghhh! The Encinitas Union School board is still deciding who the finalists will be for the Pacific View site. Maybe we'll find out next wk
Noeleen: If you have a likable spokesperson who is calm and collected, you can communicate more effectively. Be calm and cool.
So far its been an awesome day
well I think I deserved that heart of the ocean instead of Rose!! :p
It's another fun fun day at work
haha me either. We should set something up!
Thank you to everyone who came out to to celebrate 's birthday! Have a productive week!
I just realized Downton Abbey only has one w. Which makes a lot more sense, given the setting.
no problem girl(:<3
I wonder if Kevin Kenny got beat up in school yet.
I like to have a git commit log of all writes to my DB :)
I love my kindle! Thanks for following!
In Chrome, is it possible to set a default site to load when opening a new tab?
TV ownership falls for the first time
Here we go! Opening the season tonight with Madama Butterfly! Toi, toi, toi!
#officiallydivorcedfromreality RT : We can do it. Let's believe. Write in jose Canseco for 2012 MLB all star ballot.
Sign up for #rw24 tomorrow starting at 3pm. Plus catch #vinehout stump speech on Saturday at 2
RT : Heard about a cool Chicago startup that will help men dress with style
RT RT yeaah ! That'd b e dope! Ima tell him to send acapellas when I send him the beat...
stop hating on the Lakers when your boi Lebron get rings then you talk.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 98
Bryce Harper getting a nice round of boos from the Dodger faithful. First AB here.
Who is doing what today cause I'm bored and want to do something
Love you too Arya :{) You are really kind and thoughtfull always. Much Love! xoxo.
Going take a lil nap
Weather predictions for TX is frigid arctic air next week. Weathermen have been talking about this for over wk. Sure hope they're wrong.
#SinceWeBeingHonest I don't even know!
did the goat bite you?
The reason why I'm crazy and made most my bad decisions.... When I say my heart dropped... I turned right around
has been doing that for about a month now. I'm guessing it is most likely a known issue.
Managed to squeeze in some good banjo playing time. Yay, 'Redwing.'
I love seeing all of these #FollowFriday tweets for ! THEY ONLY NEED 6 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HIT 5,000 <3
what city do you live in?
Love the randomness of USPS delivery. Each morning the entire street delivers mail 2 the proper doors. A plot 2 make us speak 2 each other?
Don't miss sex trivia at 9 this evening with great prizes from babeland, crown and innervibe
god morning (:
Thanks for checking out our site! Feedback always appreciated.
#beardown no justice, no peace. Open season on Stafford.
There's a possibility that I have steep throat :(
happy birthday (:
#ICantStandPeople who copy a person , &&' straight up can't be slick with it .
Thankful this week ends Thursday with friends & family for the weekend. Just what I need before classes start again Monday
what's good what you on today?
well, i'm making dinner instead of going to Mcdonalds. so....
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs RIP
I love yalls new apt! :)
they ain't called the milwaukee brewers for nothing! haha
I've done it before, therefore I can do it again.
27+ hours w/ only 15 minutes of sleep... Not recommended.
American Idol? Gross. Who is this Jessica Sanchez girl and why did she just ruin one of my favorite Mariah Carey songs?
omfg! I guess fangirl-over-Super-Junior is gonna last two weeks haha
You welcome! Thanks for following!
Last 2.5 weeks of high school.
Big Bill is thinking that maybe this time we just let a professional designer design the city sticker and then move on...
there was a lizard on the hood of my car when I was leaving school...I freaked out. Just thought you should know
2 more days and I'm off to New York!!
Hello World,
So I got 4 months 2 get the fuck out my house. Lets get it.!!!! :)
followed....Also.
Going to be INSANE like it was last week....
Who won and had all four in their evening?
I need to find me some solid color plugs...
Twitter & BINGO @ DA SAME DAMN TYME,,,, it'z my future
Would that matter? Do some IP ranges get more Google preview privileges than others?
Femme Dulce Caberet perform at our show - Hot girls. www.mkmfights.com
Another GOP presidential debate tonight....Who in the media thought this many debates was a good idea?! Enough already!
Thanks, Meg! Hope all is well in your world. :)
Working on a Hawaii quote, eyes are getting heavy, bedtime.
Watching this season of #rhony. Have decided it doesn't matter who she's against or who is against her. I'm on team
#dotNXT Brands panel is good. Smart strategic advice!
Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be. - James Allen
False, Skip Bayless. At least Smith offers ethnic diversity.
Ohh ha really ??
Upload A Video Please So I can Learn Your Dance
Thx for mentions & support
home alone ...
Okay. Are you still "with" Courtnee?
So excited to see on ridiculousness tonight :)
Getting to the money!
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked. Tillie Olsen
Republicans reassert their moral authority on contraception "If God believed in birth control, altar boys would have a uterus"
Gov. Scott Walker’s campaign says it has raised more than $13 million during the most recent reporting period.
DO IT AGAIN ILL BLOCK YOI
How's life in the insurance world? We need to hit the streets one of these weekends/play some golf.
thanks for filling me in!
The discerning critics of the Slate Cultural Gabfest approved, so I'm free of all my usual apprehensions re: adaptations!
RT Shut-In: (Noun) The condition of being at home when there is church, but not at home when the minister visits.
Imagine by John Lennon is great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
fox football guys stream live now www.foxsportsradio.com
#ThoughtsDuringSchool i look horrible today
Go Celtics! , I hope you are rooting for the C's against the Lakers tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all!!!
Trivia at 8pm tonight. Come one come call! Patio is open too!
try crispy ranch dunked into ranch
#Imagine Austin: Baby, I have a problem. You: What? Austin: Your last name You: What about it? Austin: Lets change it to Mahone.
There is a really nice crowd at Liam Flynn's for our last fund raiser. Thanks to everyone that took the time to show support.
Making A Video! :) Say Hi Everyone
Porn has two volumes. Mute, and too loud.
RT : Education wont be revolutionized just using new tools for traditional means, eg game mechanics applied to standardized tests
No Ceilings
Super hungry and love sushi? Tomorrow night we offer all you can eat for $31.
Ops, just seeing this tweet now! If you'd ever like to guest post about your experience there we'd love to have it!
...I am quite disturbed.
I'm just gonna go like everybody's instagram photos...
#wrestlemania loving it for the first time ever watching it l. My dreams came true to buy this PPV event.
My #dog breaks another chain made for 100lb dogs...she is only 75lbs. She gets excited when other dogs pass by the house.
www.mmafightingtips.com Check it out guys.
can't. its drama
Hefner can't settle down now! Keep the pimp hand strong hef!
We are open to print for you and answer all those interesting questions about what we can do for you. Have a great 2012.
Isn't that how every Leap Day ends?
Isn't it funny how smooth stuff goes when you have a great plan and follow it. I need to plan better in all aspects of life. It just works!
kidding? No Peter Shilton on the best players/draft list? 125 Caps, over 1000 FA matches, 30 year career. And you're a GK.
I'd rather be a whore than a slut. At least I'd be making money.
can i haz
that awkward moment when you have no clue what the M station gas guy said.....
Free Coaching from Actors Intensive Sign up for a free 20 minute session / 323-620-6951 New Students Only
yes for sure!! I miss all of my fellow #BAV members :)
Just stopped in Atlanta, GA to hang out with our good friend Nick Collier downtown @ Tech.
Good game brody!
Sister softball game.
I had poor service at the Showmars in Dilworth last week too. Kept trying to sell me stuff!!!
Thanks weedmaps for your support of Stop the Ban!
no way your being sarcastic.?
Hey Brendan looks like your doing great, so glad! Long time since Homestead offshore fishing back in the Racing Milestones days!
the bomb!!! send me that pic tho, i didnt get it :-(
Everybody and their mother has an iPhone I think I'll downgrade to a blackberry
I drink to forget I drink.
I'm going to start saying "sorry I'm not sorry" more often. It always makes me chuckle when you kids say it.
Be ready to leave at 3
Have a gr8 Wednesday, everybody. :)
Stung by a bee! It must be summer...
Halfway there! Celebrate Hump Day here!
I need somebody real!
We're excited to be participating!
thanks you too Ash $!
Smh mine to
All my followers: please retweet about my etched poetry and I'll hit you with a $5 discount. Thanks
#askjennette what was your favorite day on set like, and what episode were you guys working on? (:
Giovangrandi: longer suborbital flights key for accessing more stable physiological states than possible in parabolic flight
Watching the #Brewers game. This #Astros pitcher has good movement on his breaking balls.
Passion infuses testimony.
Chapter 2012 Page 27 of 366 Value comes with a Price! Either be willing to pay for it or settle for less.
Consider it "break time".
Home today! Yay! Brad and Katelyn coming over for dinner. The fam will have an afternoon/evening together. Love that!
Thanks so much! That was a great experience for us.
Just totally jammed out to some 38 Special on the car ride home.
“: ''I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.'' #joke” >Happy Friday!
mick and dolly awesome!!!!!!!!!
He who sings scares away his woes.
why is that i have feelings for the guy that hurt me the most!:/ it hurts to see him like someone else! </3
And you couldn't tell anyone you were wearing it because you lost a bet. Also, outfit consists of those stupid overalls they wear.
#musiclib2010 Business meeting!
RT "Each success buys a ticket to a more difficult problem"
That's why, didn't notice the names!
RUNNER PRIDE! Who are we? RUNNERS! Where are we from? UTSA!
Boyy you got my heartbeat runnin' away.
that's hilarious cc:
And now I need another new string for my guitar :/
Happy Valentines Day world :))
you look so angry and negative but your always so happy and positive. wtf?
NO LOVE!
First lady joined our First Ladies Initiative today! $100 contribution. Thx Caroline Martin.
congrats to them
hey are u commin to the imea jazz thing
Marcus and I always get the Carmel Fraps
I totally <3 the fact that just rts his fans. Truly shows how amazing he really is.
I don't think those short urls are taking me to the right page
So I like texting you.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW HP Slate 500 8.9" Black
I've been using iAnnotate for about a year and I'm happy with it. I have absurdly long PDFs and it handles them.
I love you for this lol.
Drinking champange on a airplane
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. Oprah Winfrey
The President is calling it like he sees it. Great start!
Whan U Accidently Touch That Hot Person's Hand:D
Enjoying the wonderful weather! Can't wait until the stanley cup begins!
Casting calls are going too well. Some very tough decisions to make!
#jgtip: one of the best ways to remove spyware from your computer is to download and run "rkill", then run a full scan using "malwarebytes"!
LOOOL. SHE WONT RESPOND :(
I'm younger, poorer and right handed.
i want to buy that car
Mothers Day Cookout with the Fam :)
Tuning in to #edequity conversation. leading conversation about #commoncore implementation with foundation partners
Hanging out at the #statefairgrounds for the boat and travel show
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
- Where are you now? Lets catch up. Missed you at the end of DEMO.
well he better figure out how he's gonna get all that done in a matter of time
Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow. – Imogen Cunningham
Like the cheering thing, but can't wait to start my other sports later this year !
When you selfmade you always workin ": WORKING...BRO..THE..USUAL... #TEAMSELFMADE "
but no risk = no success.
Be sure to share pics/links! RT : Doing project around HTML5 / CSS3-driven web application to run on touchscreen interactive kiosk
Its on next week...
Where Student-Loan Debt Is Concentrated: an Interactive Map...
Haha, I understood
Not sure. The website says it will become part of Google+ A most unfortunate move IMO.
leaders have the ability to help spark a vision in the lives of the people following them...
scribbling on? As in doodling? That's quite a euphemism for crossing out names, where felony charges are possible.
pretty amazing show
Just left the dr. Baby is very healthy and active!!
I don't wanna be the picky black neighbor but Let me go get these mawgs together, they aint be walkin back and forth like this all night.
“: Do you have an ETA on when your product will be released? I am really looking forward to it! #cantwait” April!
A little trivia. The parade has had a marriage on the Grand Stand and a proposal in the middle of the parade.
We're going. Start packing now, I want to be in donuts by the weekend!
Haven't been on here in a while, what's up!?(:
Students' victory highlights S.F. lesbian center's 35th anniversary fete - San Francisco Chronicle
I'm sure. A better matchup. RT : Wonder if #spurs are pleasantly surprised?
See the fire sweeping my very street today, somebody oughta give me some shelter or I think I'm gonna fade away
fostering can build all those areas of character!
I keep it 1800 ova here....
Waa super excited for the #Twins game! Here comes the sun too. Holler.
Best Brunch, love the bottomless mimosa's! We had a 6 hour brunch there! Good times for sure, I will be back!
I found my math book (;
Is it just me or is Mainstream Radio stuck on repeat so are the Gospel stations MAN I am about to turn off my RADIO!
Its funny when people on the bus scream at the driver to open the door when all you have to do is push it hahah
I DID.
What a way to end the weekend..... 8-0
"Sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know. " (:
haha its kinda scary!!
#AdvancedMailingServices is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico. Stop by and visit us or call 505-899-3104.
An excerpt from the novel: www.markbernardsteck.com
Well done, Eleanor! Finished WEIRD SISTERS last night. (You nailed some birth order 'issues' with Rose, Bean & Cordy.)
How good is Sex??
Ok back to business tomorrow, been out at atlanta staion with my big sister all day in ikea buying some things for the crib... Tired now!
Wow I hate 100 Degrees still here Can't wait to go back to The Place where I belong #Philly in March Where it's 20 degrees everyday
Whenever I Get Upset, I Just Ask Myself Is This Person Worth Being Mad Over? & I Go From There...
": I just caught some dude sitting in his mini van beating off." Why were you watching a dude beat off in his mini van?
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the Peachy Airport Parking Ford E450 Shuttle
Check out mu new page - a free gift for every like click!
Well,i am done with the NBA playoffs,I could careless who wins,Turning my full attention to the Rangers and the Yankees now.
I don't know if I'm going to make it through this next week.
And the records! We ain't never seen this many folks here. RT I love how BP has a commercial encouraging gulf tourism.
Do the think all women r like that!?
Choking you is always a plus!
lol miss you girls ):
Why the hell is it soo hard for me, as a gay guy, to take a good pic? You would think! Lol.
Good ? for #mtogo RT : #musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
how bad do your abs hurt !? #feeltheburn !
#YOLOing makes no complete since
of course!(:
No homo but I always wanted Nicki to sign my chest #random lol
Didn't get the White Stripes record I wanted, but I got an early copy of Blunderbuss and a whole bunch of great records!
We're working on an exciting new Young Preservationist Happy Hour to kick off #warof1812 celebrations! Details coming soon.
Bad news for the Ravens ??? The shopping cart is EMPTY. Good news for the Ravens ??? Heap and Mason are still available ....
Oven roasted pumpkin seeds, soaked in salt water and pumpkin pie spices...a delicious experiment/byproduct of making pumpkin beer!
spring fling is a no-go this year, correct?
Hawaiian pizza with Sriracha mixed into the tomato base. Tastebuds are still tingling.
or if u havent tweeted in a long time :) Love you guys ;)
Never imagined I would see so much NASCAR. Damn.
Ugh I hate feeling like this!.
Here comes the power shower.... Rain season has begun :)
Thanks! was on my short-list, just couldn't squeeze everything in.
is coming into town! Raise your glasses!
I miss you :(
need vacation now. so much to do. gotta work hard to play hard.
Lol!!! Perfect hint;) Well here's an incentive~ our grand opening is coming soon...Tba:)
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it.
Typically terrific show ongoing: Business Leaders for Public Financing in NY; Cenk Uygur on progressivism; public transit fix.
But what if I like being Black and don't associate it with shame? That's cool too, right?
hey see you in australia :) with and
Thanks for the follow!
You can also register for a chance to win an iPad all February long - but let's be honest, the REAL prize is the Banana Pudding froyo.
that sounds good, who do you think will win? Pros or high schoolers?
Greetings! Hope your 2012 is off to a great start!
“I firmly believe that intuitive or symbolic sight is not a gift but a skill – a skill based in self-esteem.” ~ Caroline Myss <U+273F>
6 for 6 on my 14 day vaca work out challenge. Each mile I log represents a guilt free cocktail or Xmas treat.
Thanks for the favorite!
Could be fun!
It's my B-Day!!! Thanks to all who showed love!!!
love LOVE the new pic!!
Atleast one of my close friends havent left.
the pyramid seems to be a winner
Visit our Pop Up Chef for some corned beef sandwiches on the corner of 999 Peachtree from 11-2 today!
Wait a minute! You tweet, "follow me, i tweet about demolished shit and kennywood just like you!" But I'm not demolished yet!
One day I'll be just like :D
Hi Tweeters! (:
That looks very helpful! I'm still newish at this. Haven't decided yet if I'll do a freebie, but perhaps at some point.
"If people are trying to bring you down, it only means that you are above them."
Planning Dinner? This Tuesday www.firstcrush.com in San Francisco will donate 10% of their sales to Dr. without Borders in support of Haiti!
Never thought I'd love a history class. Guess I was wrong.
Debating whether I should text him how I feel or say in person
Eat first then exercise so you don't burn muscle! ": First exercise, THEN eat. RT Exercise my feelings? Eat my feelings? Hm"
what the heck is that?
Kelly Tekin Quiroz Holy Cow our Jonny BONES Jones ( ) did this in Sunday's fight.... He is DaNGEROUS!
wants I get paid for Olympics? $110,000,00 in nba and pride not enough? Not a true American.
Happy Good Friday have a great day!
So, basically hes a great team player. He knows how to put the team ahead of himself.
what's that supposed to mean? Is that a yes?
Great finally meeting you in person, and thanks for the walking tour of NY!
now I have never written for someone else before so yeah don't hate me if its not that good
I can't give you what you want and its killing me.
I'm glad is asking panel about how do we talk about deeply held private beliefs in the public sphere.
Hey , its Omer. HUGE Black Friday Party at the HOTTEST Friday night party in town @ MYSTUDIO. Saturday @ PREMIERE - Want to go? reply YES
Listening to Ann Stoler speak about what is hidden by how what we think we know about colonies, histories, imperial formations.
I think it would be cool to bring on the next O&A visit (On Mic) to promote the #Deathsquad Network!
Air force ppl are weird....
AGREED. A bright spot today.
Welcome to Spring St neighbor! It was a pleasure meeting you today. Thank you for the Anise Extract..can't wait to use it!
hey can you follow me your my idol i love you #wecanallmakeachange. oh and do you have facebook cuz there is so many posers?
Wish sum1 was cooking me some dinner
Sometimes I wish I could honk backwards.
i secretly sucked my thumb til i was nine.............
All I can say is this: there will be angst.
She gets mad when I bring other girls names up.
Congrats to the 2012 Distinguished Teaching Award winner Deirdre Mulligan!
when u from the hood royalty is dinner the money still there the loyalty is thinner
I just spelled writer with an O on this notecard... I think its time for sleep. Or cocaine.
get the ladies!
COLIN OF COURSE!!! <3
Much Love to all my ATLANTA FAMILY SEE YA REAL SOON ....
RT : drive puts the Clippers back in front 45-44 w/ 7:31 to go in 3Q // Catch the game on ABC or KFWB 980AM...
Best wishes to your daughter. Do you do freelance editing?
Tru tv is so crazy!
- Thanks for doing such a great job on your first guest post. Great feedback from
“: Who is on twitter that is really funny so I can follow them ....”
“: #Leo and #Pisces Communication: Medium” wifey here we are again !
I'm not such a fan of multigrain bread when I end up feeling like I'm troweling my mouth through birdseed instead of eating a sandwich.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th. Interview request, please contact
Can You follow Me So I can talk to u in private?
so what ur sayin is that you broke it and had to fix it?!!
Mom read the book and said it was great.
spending all week figuring out creative ways to get a follow from
Call between Mon the 12th & Wed the 14th Receive 10% off on your flower order, be sure to mention twitter! 702-254-0063
Not everyone catches every bit of news, so some things get missed and then picked up later as it come around again.
1951- After being fired by Pres #Truman, Gen Douglas #MacArthur was given a massive ticker tape parade on Wall Street in his honor.
that was one hell of a move and shot
Wow. Talk about how Obama has rumors of eating a dog when he lived in Indonesia.
the new label and name is a moving forward, of greatness and serious wine.
high octane football!
Got stuck on the top of the Ferris wheel for 15 minutes... Just long enough for me to visualize every possible way I could die.
Our hallway smells like cake. CAKE.
u forgot the queso samples
RT : Behind on ? if you need encouragement over the weekend, hash tag #SFLMP (Script Frenzy Last Minute Push)
Dear cafe luigi pizza and etc, do u miss me? Because I miss you.
will do
what up. Help me get more followers playa.
Lmfao, is it now?
I sure miss my good friend
i poked harry's arm then we got married. LOLOL
Dream Theatre will not be the same without Mke Portney. He is an oustanding drummer that cannot be replaced.
lol that's cool.what time is it there jw ?
Thank Shrub for instigating a tax code that enabled the one percenters to avoid taxation.
follow me back !
Come on. RT : i feel like hoopin'. <U+E42A>
that was fuckin awesome
Glad I stayed home. I feel like I'm coming up with something
When Mr.Barrix scares a 6th grader so bad, he literally peed on the floor.
Some line up changes are going be made! If you can sing pop punk/hardcore style then let us know on here or our Facebook
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Text You of the Day - "I am beautiful" stop the comparisons - look in the mirror and truly appreciate what you look like today.
If uncut back ova here it will b worth it
NO!!! don't take the blue pill off of hanks desk! i mean, steal the cookie!
I just tweeted pics of it. I'm below the bridge right now.
I love the show and I lovev #GoGEtit thank you for that impact of positivity
You're all garbage.
FACT: could play a dozen instruments before he was 16 yrs old.
HAAAAAHHHHHHH y must u say that lol
Define Broadway brilliance.
hahaha:)apparently i got a poem published in a book??????????????didnt even do anything:)
What's the use of niggas hatin on shit they don't know nothing about.....
Don't look at replay. Look at it real-time. There's a push. RT : is only person to agree with call on goal
Hope u all r having a great day.:-)
um u fucking herd me \
I don't care about hockey much, but no maligning the Tim Ho's!!!!
Former ML Jim Leyritz, with new book is qualified "ringer" for Writers
you're disgusting
I guess I'm too old... lol!
#BieberOnTheVoice BOYFRIEND LIVE ON THE VOICE WAS AMAZING <3 LOVE E YOU :)
Game Day In Corvallis and Eugene, I imagine that 99w and I-5 is a mess!
#5FactsAboutMe im not as cool as beiber
My tat peelin...
Real men don't just eat pussy, I eat for a snack, take some to work for lunch, dinner...breakfast, brunch....idont care
I Vote Yes! RT : Can we end every class with funny youtube videos? It's all my brain can take at 9:35. #mcdm546,
Y is it cloudy in Richmond...so not good...come on sun
Well, I guess another day is gone. I just got some really good news from my Engineer and BFF Reb' Lo'. I'll sleep good now! GN & God Bless
oh yes she did that and sent an insane text to a friend. Awesome.
I hate the idea of you being with someone else..
I am going to come watch you play sometime. Seriously. I love your enthusiasm. Mine shot due to aging parent & fire issues.
We've been around since '91. Chances are you know someone who has insurance with us! Give us a call, we'll give you a quote! 505-345-8757
idk but my lower back hurts too, did i fall thursday night?! haha
6hrs of Work today bit tired! ahaha
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <313
Difference between mind & heart: your mind tells you what the smart thing to do. Your heart tells u what I gonna do anyway
Really great to work with you to get elected!
do you have the link to watch this online?
C'mon Kansas!!!!
MTVU actually plays great new artists / videos I've never heard of.
watching State of the Union. salmon are always funny
wanna go to cedar point sometime soon?
Might go to the <U+E42B> game tonight!!:)
Shoutout? PLease!? Jamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz !! We love you guys !! <3
slides in your email
damn lashes
Confused. Ugh
And that's why I am so fat
Thanks, John!
First, you must know what you're good at, your strengths. Second, you must know what you enjoy doing, your passions.
There's no spellcheck in sharpie.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top follow us <3
LMAO, way of bruhbruh. BLASSA! go post in the group talking to yourself.
Hey, bby. I got the track legs of a lady. Wen you seen run around, wen you see me jump around, you might think its a lil crazy
oh yes...asti for everyone.
I'm going out to Olive Garden for dinner today <U+2665>
Thanks to for the RTs yesterday! We appreciate the support very much!
thank you for the s/o! <3
Headed to a mtg...will hit u up afterwards....left u a msg this morning
DID YOU KNOW?! "Disco" means "I learn" in Latin." we should all learn more! YOU'RE WELCOME!!
NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community? There goes three of my favorite shows.
ive vomited 200 times already. Staples High School would beat us right now.
Lets go !!!!!!!! Pumped to watch take down Brady!
Morning! Yup I replied a while ago :) RT : Hey Good Morning Desi, i had sent you a dm, b4... my friend....?
lol don't be mean to yur baby girl now yur suppose to nod yes n agree to everything I say (:
Who is going to get my biz on #Superbowl Sunday? I'm looking for Hot chicks, #Free food, and wait for it Cheap Beers in
oh, of course. Look for Oh, and don't forget to bring your camera ;)
food was shockingly good. Can't say we know what the place is like on a Friday night, but Monday was pretty great.
We strive to give our clients the best workout for your body and mind. Stop by our studio for a tour and to learn what we are all about!
Rob, I've known you for years and never once heard you say that... Hee Hee Hee
Yay! Thrice tickets for Trying to decide if I should use extra ticket 2bribe some large man to hold me up so I can see 4 once
Great meeting you! And so glad to be helpful! Yay! :) See you at the next meeting.
Tweet, tweet, tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
working on new projects, and eating a delicious home cooked meal
Tyranny of cloth diapers
#Ellen ((: biebers gonna be on!
Hahaha. Blazing fast internet speeds.
you no ask for woodie allen, you ask for this artist better, much better!
me have nadda
Life is just a party, so come as you are.
Congratulations ladies! Welcome to the real world. :)
So bummed about not being able to see Joe Brooks tomorrow. Why did it have to be such an awkward venue? He's one of my favorite brits!
Way too crowded in this place
such a gorgeous hotel! Via Jetsetter.com I think we might book a night - Friday Nov 11th :) Thank you!
We all know what you said. (CC )
@ school with Sdub to make a gingerbread house.
Love it! Keep eating ice cream!
Handsome Devil « Lady Garfunkel&#39;s Song of the Day
You're welcome. Thanks for the link on upcoming performances!
On set directing short film with & ! Psyched to crank out this big effects film!
...in an anachronistic techno kinda way.
riight about now :-))
#NYLA11 for Conference mentions!
RT : Today in Jewish History (1863) Rabbi Ferdinand Samer named 1st US Jewish chaplain (for Union Army). Wounded
I've followed yhu ever since yhuve made yhur twitter and I haven't had a follow since!!
Never been on a flight with so many angry people. Why am I the only one excited to be going to Atlanta?
got some other shit for u too
So even if Ellis was "written white" it's still interesting that it was his role where they were open to cross-racial casting!
Meryl Streep.....you are a divine representation of a true artist! Congrats on your Oscar!
I got all this polo on so I call call the shit that horsepower
that's whatsup!!
it's "On Demand". Not sure if it's on DVD yet.
do you deliver?
Imagine, calling Frank, Rangel, Kucinich, and Waters communists..such gall! apparently the truth is now considered extreme. U go
Likewise :) We are looking forward to it!
Good article, good points, but frankly both Kolb and the Refs were issues that cost the Cards the game.
Ima miss you bro, come back soon!
can't wait 2 c win in NY : Caps win! It's 2-1 victory against the Rangers! Game 7 will be Saturday @ Madison Square Garden.
Wishing that i matter..but life has taught me, u shouldnt waste ur time wishing
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
what is that?
gotta love
aye i got you. Quarter pound of that sour waiting in my basement haa
Stupid dreams! Why does this time of year mess with my head so much?
Not ready for school tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I LOVE UR INFO - U ROCK
i didn't see his tweet. he hasn't blogged it. Frankly, I'm spending too much time on this.
Yay! That's great!
Did you take her iPod out of the suitcase after the sleepout?
#HowToGetRejected being anything but yourself...
#RulesInARelationship Rule #1.) Trust each other. If there's no trust, there's no relationship. Rule #2.) Don't betray that trust.
No of course he does:) It's just that I started to like him because of his music!Not because he looks good!Obviously He does:)
No problem! :)
Bored. I wonder what miss is up to? :)
Not having a backup point guard will hurt UNC long-term--especially in March. But losing a headache may help in short term.
I seriously wanna slap you in the face sometimes. UGH!!!
you get a meal on that flight right? Get the chicken salad.
NewsChannel5 "behind the scenes" people who have the best tweets (IMO and not limited to)
anything to make his baby girl happy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> hehehe
absolutely! You need some PBR jams :) They are on order. That would trip them out.
They were amazingly flame.
I'm probably gonna hang out with friends. Hbu ? If you answered that would be amazing.
Element K is investigating mobile learning options for video training on mobile devices.
Black city chicck
I just like to creep hahaha :)
Just waiting for #Smash! Doing work until then...
Do you think the threat by the group Anonymous, to shut the internet down on march 31st, is real or a hoax?
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
filing away- thank you!!
"Wendy" from (#draft) Wendy's commercials should consider eating less Wendy's. Just saying.
SELL ME YOUR ATDI TICKETS YOU WIENERS. I'M FROM EL PASO, OKAY?
It can only be for one night the only thing I've ever loved in my life is the mic.
CHECK OUT the freebie PizzaHut Uw Campus has running today for the Packer Game, this is a deal you don't wanna miss!
ps a girl with Autism at work stopped crying and got up to start dancing to Party by Beyoncé and it made my life lol
Yep. 1878. Crumbly old journals, yo. Gotta love 'em.
U know what, letting that mess go right along wit the stress...it's out of my hands and in God's so I need 2 just do what I can and b
tight hugs
Fun Homeschoolers program but I get a D in prep. Miscounted chickens, cardboard, & brass fasteners. Correctable though.
championship teams don't blow games like that. You all are on death ground now.
Heading to for a shift with
haha, I sometimes forget that people can see what I'm listening to. it's made for a festive two days!
New tracks coming soon
they do look pretty solid.
You will never become a fine leader until you become a fine servant. -Ellie Lofaro
Tonight I'll be Suites BAR 900 East,Meriden,Ct. 9pm-2am shot specials and drink specials All Night come down...
I haven't been able to Tweet for a while due to family members back in the hospital, but I have someone to introduce to everyone.
I meant "girl" not "girk."
I love my friends (: <3
Today is 1 year anniversary! We are going to throw one hell of a party tonight!
maybe french thinks you're boring! did you ever think of french's feelings?!
bringing it in with a good bowl . Hope you are ready for lots of company?
hey, great having you on Wednesday. What did you think? Hope to see you back this Wednesday!!
Get left in the crowd or keep up...
Right back at you Mark...Youre more then Welcome.
Dj john tonight! The wall is open, its a nice night to be out on the town. Stop in for a drink!
today in "pathetic news from my personal life"—my OpenTable account was suspended due to "an excessive amount of no shows"
ha ha we were talking about Real Housewives of New Jersey and having a throwdown with the spoiled biatches
haha...glad I can help
Will DM u, had a stumbling block, but trying to get updated version up this wkend. i.e. before nxt wk's hearing.
Usually I'm awake at 5am bc I can't ever sleep. Now, it's bc I slept a few hours & had strange dreams. Guess it's time to start the day.
Running business cards for a ROCKET SHIP COMPANY! Thrilling!
rally the troops I think there's practice today.
will do later on...thanks.
. Lego model of Brandenburg Gate: the model as the Gate, or as the pieces so that someone else can build the Gate
Dave Letterman makes sick jokes on #RonPaul second day in the row. Telling lies RP dropped out via emails to his supporters. Boycott D.L!
SAY SOMETHIN!!! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY IT AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE...AND AFTER THAT TOO!
My Lil' dude sleep too damn wild
My new coworker looks just like - RAWR! How utterly distracting this is going to be.
Should have bagged it for you J! Smelled like a new cash cover to me!!
. A paper is needed on how stop & frisk affects mental/physical health, stress, & in younger men of color, school attendance.
haha! I'll send my personal jet
Also, I am very glad you're looking at an established institution instead of some place based in a strip mall.
Hurry up with that album RT :
RT : Want to get over 24K followers before Mubarak resigns. Hurry!
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Even if you don't pick me, I can't wait to see pictures because it will be epic
A code of conduct will be established...this is to be created legislatively. Will also increase penalties for abuse.
i'm a lamer
I Just Seen A Preview Of It Last Night & It Made Me Cry... That Would Be So Hard To Go Through.. A Friend Of Mine Went Thru That...
I think okay
has done one great thing...made us all take more political action. Something he might regret. Go state workers and unions!
your twitter is despicable. I'm actually in shock. Disgusting.
sounds good! (:
: No, we will never "endorse" Romney. But we will work hard against Obama. //Amen!
I've heard the same about EVITA.... was wondering how Ricky Martin would handle the role....
I don't know... you always get this "I just watched the world explode," look in your eye afterward and it kinda creeps me out.
Hoes cum n a bakers dozen...
ya. I'm patiently waiting for and 's duet album to come. That shit.... will be epic
Haha a creepy old man!
Watch Lindsay Lohan age before your eyes- time lapse: via
haha yea I forgot about that ... Stupid cunt
Open House yard signs popping up like dandelions around town. Have you seen one?
Q4 I want to try the pearlescent colors. I love a little shimmer
thanks P. Can't wait to see live! Best wishes for a great new year for you, and !
oh thought u were serious...already bought a ring
We have the #Honda #Fit! 7 of them. They are too scarce and we won't be getting many more for a while.
We would never have learned to walk if we were afraid of falling.
Hey Mike! When are we hitting the links?
You should produce it. Sounds awesome. At least do a table read.
I just wanna sleep everyday, all day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Welcome new followers, #WW to
To say that I am outta shape is an understatement. Just ran for thirty minutes and I swear the sidewalk moved.
Wrapping up the guest list to The Rios Family and Friends Fun day Field @ Mile High...July 26th, 2009 C U There!
AY YO. Dollar sludge bars all night or until we run out. Why? Because it's Little 5. And everything is awesome. Especially us.
Weekend & convenient location voting common in Europe.
If Blanka gets the tickets I'm gonna cry!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
you know you have our votes for #obama2012, can I get a follow for the new year?
I B SINGIN DEM BALLOTS WHILE HE TOSSN MY SALAD WHEN I PET MY PARROT ALL HE C IS COLORFUL KARAT$
Delayed at DIA...sore, tired & ready to be home.
who runs the wax twitter and why do you out up such boring posts?
love you love you love you love you love you :)
point remains. If it was an apple product you would have sacrificed your first born to test it the same day not a year later
You're welcome babe! & i don't think it true ! i mean the rumor !!
yeah play was made by Taylor, nzegwu picked up the scraps.
Everybody should follow our parent company !
Someone said this awhile ago. Could Josh Smith really be our Superstar? When his head is in the game he's pretty good.
I'm not sure. She hasn't had a convo w/me in over a month besides 4 on Easter wen she sed "happy Easter" that was basicaly it.
3000 is a BEAST!! So many quotables it's ridiculous!!
AW...I miss those WB sunsets. :(
J. K. Rowling~ Ah music. A magic beyond all we do here
MT : increasingly valuable to be able to build visibility in networked public: real connections, not "student" role.
for reals! I loved the maneater album!
Are you in the entertainment Game and you need promotion then contact . we will work for you
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book? They all have phones.
Good night cody(:
They're not used to this number of figures being in an England second-wicket total.
i would just to smack'em
RT : happy to announce that the #winner of our #slspops contest at #sls12 brought to you by is !
Haha! Yeah working out is always my struggle too :)
Why can't people care about people that aren't interested in buy, sell, credit, payment, service, just 2.99, 10.99, APR, financing =HATE
Now watching tape of Tannehill and 's boyfriend Jeff Fuller jumps out. Watched him get better of Patrick Peterson numerous times
Happy birthday to my moms love u mom
Tripping over you like a crack on the floor
Cool u support the Pacers, even though your not from here. Saw you on the jumbotron last nite, missed the 2 beers though lol.
": Another 2lbs for a total of 17.5. Just the beginning! Thanks for all your help!" Huge Kevin! Great example for all!
Or worse, tweet. RT : #ThingsMenShouldn'tTextEachOther: boxers or briefs?
A missing chopstick makes for a messy lunch.
Now that you have your undergraduate degree, there is an expectation that you will spell names correctly
My TL is not what's up right now.
Who want's the LAST chapter of My Secrets?? 3+Likes ~Leanne<21
Be careful when applying creams and oils to the upper lids and forehead. These substances can gravitate into the eyes and cause burning.
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Working some roofs in Norman. And a School!
What The Fuck Is There To Do I'm Bord Az Shit.
I grew up on that other side getting it in
Omg i hvnt been on here in 4evaa
off to miami!
Drinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
We only clean crappy shirts.
I don't care what anyone says, Move Along is my favorite AAR album :)
God Bless Everyone.
: thanks for the love last night! Great to be back and working!
CW is handling the “damage control” on a case-by-case, personal basis to make it right. “This is a pretty tough pill for us to swallow.”
Happy birthday favvcuz!!!
cool brah im watching prison break
Having a 'Laverne & Shirley' moment looking at bottler.
Your daughter was a great inspiration - Alan Gerry
The audition went great! Ate some Panda Express.. Now shopping at the Westside Paviillon
Hey, Matt - you've been hacked.
hey about to go eat then later to the park for so volleyball with friends maybe cant wait yah!:)
Im focused on what I have...instead of what I dont....grateful.
you should stand up in front of them the rest of the game
sales associates are still human!
I'm in the cafeteria at school for a few hours. Come on down if you need some help.
I work for T Mobile :)
Just created hosting accounts for my #GaETC workshops. If you will be there in ATL drop by and get your hands dirty with
Wrapping my head around pointers and arrays in #C. Fascinating stuff!
Dig it up hmm hmm, dig it
Any flashmobbers at the twestival yet?
Doh! Just figured it out... I don't have a poc single story. Too many friends, colleagues w/many diverse stories.
Aww we love you!
Thanks for the birthday wishes. Good memories of Gil-B and Algebra class too! We will always be the Pirates!
Im not gonna say anything before its official...but I've got a crazy line up for Febuary!!!!!
RT : dataviz is high science and art - so many layers to appreciate. will see it more in edu with more data becoming available.
RT :Just a friendly reminder...filmmakers and casting directors. PLEASE state whether your casting is for union or non union!
what about leaving paper towels on the counter to dry and reuse?
Hey what's up everyone tonight I'll be spinning live at "Big Nose Kate's" at 11-3 gonna be a crazy night 21+
might be going sat or sun. are you also going?
Time to de-Flash your site? - Computerworld Australia
Anytime Tusk comes up when listening to music, I have to listen to it 6+ times.
Thanks girl. I have a lead for you are you free for a call?
you go girl!!
Manning gave about 100 people outside the complex a fist pump after a six hour meeting ..serenaded to the Vols chant
#ItHurtsWhen You give love to someone and they don't give any back..
No Castle? Okay, I'll just go to bed at a decent time! Goodnight!
When im gone u can turn on ur radio
Why must I love the villains so much. Klaus, Clay, Victoria, Damon, Voldemort... What is it about the villains
Now we go
Great meeting , looking forward to working with you!
best brunch in seattle kids? where is it at?
I *can* if need be, so after a earned self-pat on the back, here I am. How's things in your little corner of NOLA? And Isabella?
congrats to you, #spam should get you banned
I offer weekend hours for emergencies, and the weekend warriors who need a good massage after the game!
Highlight of night: laying in bed cuddlin w/puppy while listening to giggle at Colbert talking about wheat thins (?). :-)
Can Alison Brie charleston on stilts?
great show last night at the hemlock
Wow. 20-hour rager might finally be going to rest. Drinkin this open #topochico and passing out!
How's Blurring Boundaries coming along... wish I could pick it up now
Oh red velvet cup cakes? Yum
I'm convinced that got his Mass Communications degree from Everest
Romney is so adept switching positions if he loses the Repub. nomination he could easily switch parties and run against Obama as a Democrat.
i wish we had book fairs at my school again..
very cool use of mirrors in London store windows! Shown in report on VM: Emerging Trends!
I didn't even need nearly 140 either! Thanks! :)
Surprised Lester is below the Wandy line...what's your analysis on that?
I think the question is, who doesn't want them!
It's Funny How Everyone calls us "Pretty" and "Beautiful" but when we look in the mirror we see the complete opposite.
Sitting here looking like a loner at world culture night.
damn, girl ;)
so cinderella is open!
You, too!
Cant't see straight
Nigga light skin jus started....22 year ago lol but man bout ta go over dis nigga c crib an watch him promote lol
haha, one word. Non. (i dont think so ?)
Profile image: , “For The Women’s House,” 1971, Oil on canvas, 96x96 in, Courtesy Rose M. Singer Center, NY, © Faith Ringgold
What are you doing 12pm Wed EST? Join and me for our first ever #EFChat -how freelancers can attract bigger clients
RT : ROI is time not money
omg, I'm so hawt
Did you know that next week, May, marks the start of Allergy & Asthma Awareness Month.. What is ONE thing you want to learn!
alright fine, ima be civil about this lemme get the lil sneak peek, then you can have her for good.
Getting Readyy! :) Listening to music! hehe
Get your ass ready to shake!!!
Friday may 18th everypeople workshop (jazz) charlesmantis (beats) at transistor (art, records, futuristic)in Chicago 7:30 pm in north center
I have high hopes. First gen phones always suffer growing pains, but the second gen are going to be awesome.
Proud of you guys!
People say 50 is the new 40 but if you are 50 and loose your job if seems like 50 is the new 70. I feel old.
That he put him in a situation where he could end up having 4 ER to his name is just baffling.
At work with the worst headache ugh!!!! 3:00 hurry pls!!!.
Dam.. You might have to re-wallpaper!
Busy is good for business but I never imagined being this busy and still not having time for my own projects.
S/O to , the best Stunt Directory out there. If your a #stuntman or #stuntwoman you need to be on
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "DATING... Have 10 Questions Ready That Will Reveal Who They Are."
Doug Morier will be performing this week as part of the Fowler Out Loud concert series at the Fowler Museum. Will you be there?...
": Got so many compliments on the earrings I wore today" Aw yay!! Did you take any pics?!
Did you shop at a farmer's market this weekend? What did you buy?
Mitch Hedberg fans: See his movie and other cool stuff at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson IN Aug. 12 at 7pm. www.andersonpaaramount.org
I love watching Republicans bitch about Obama having bin Laden taken out. How can they use Islamist boogeymen if we keep killing them!?
Yeah Rays. 12-2 vs. Toronto
Celebrating the one year anniversary of following my dream. So far, so good!
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loves ones to see another day :)
Thank you for sharing your photo with us!
So glad to be done with accounting
No, only 2 hours!
Happy 4th. Made a twist on a strawberry shortcake. Nothing's more delicious than fresh cream, ripe berries, and red velvet.
New appreciation for the country
Hope tabling's going well at the Student Involvement Expo today! I miss you all!
“: This thunderstorm is really wicked. Our cat just hissed at the lightning.” hahaha
#ThingsAssHolesDo not buy a t-shirt from us
Bay Area earthquake. Magnitude not showing up on the Internet yet.
Oh no! Unfortunately we can't request a specific car type yet, I'm sorry! :(
I'm about to watch it, I'll tell you if I cryed or not
practice was canceled after waiting for an hour to turn off the lightning detector...and it wasnt even raining
Hey look even follows us now. We are behind or maybe we just need to get Jake to use his account.
We have almost 400 followers!! Go like our FB! We have posted pictures from tonight's
Good Morning Everyone..! I hope that we all have another great and healthy one..!
comics? I guess I didn't think it through. :-)
Welcome to Mollywood is so hard
she looks way more excited than you. Lol
Audio Books - all Neil Gaiman. Suchet reading Agatha Christie. I find both their voices soothing and the books good. :)
:) good luck Madeline!
Mazel Tov to on a great event in Columbus and to Jackie Jacobs the honoree. I was happy to be a part of it.
upgrade your cell phone at www.fhtmus.com/iwillmovement click on wireless shop RT
thanks for following us !
Or keep spit/bodily fluids out of your food. Moral of story: Don't bite the hand that brings you food. Even dogs know this.
Rodeo Kick-Off Concert happening now at Norris Penrose Event Center!
You make me so confused
At least they are consistent.
bank of America is Not helping its customers so where is the money going? Made9 billion in service fees in 2011alone ???
good point... guess I'm gonna have to cause this mattress is ruined.
#sincewebeinghonest sometimes I think Julian loves you more than he loves me!! :o :(
It feels so amazing to be in my bed
Sadly, I have had a cold and the damn thing is taking it's time to leave me! Xoxo
This looks super yummy! I'm also a fan of the Grillin' Beans :)
yes, it is. It's going to be long and slow... but with great friends.
Missionary and business leader Rev. Gary Platt is our guest preacher this morning. Can't to hear his message.
#FreeJerseyMonday BEARS BEARS BEARS!!! Eagles SUCK!!!
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today ! set up your free artist profile,and start selling your music! You keep 100% of the sales revenues!
Reading all of these #gc2012 tweets is reminding me how funny we United Methodists are.
I will always love you..
You'll call it fate, I'll call it karma.
No taxation without representation.
Thanks @ MRMerrick and !
Bamboozle starts tomorrow... Were excited to see everyone!
I think I'm gonna have to head home early today.
I dont even know
I saw a but whoppin that Trevaris put on you!
Sure- still think they should have worked on the fan base they had, though. Make PGE a bit friendlier. Promote better. etc.
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great night :)
Sorry to hear of your loss today!
lol...i get ya. :D hope you are good.
Highway 20 reopened at Santiam Pass... Slides cleared.
Today should be interesting. Fuck stress. I'm getting tired of that shit.
has 4 awesome bands on tonight. Check us out for the best indie rock in Toronto.
yep. I definitely can't complain.
Instrumentation for Audiology amp Hearing Science Theory amp Practice Shlomo Silman Michele Emmer - calibration dvd
We Need to Boycott the Whole season, if there's one....
The #Nuggets are closing out well early.
RIP BOB MARLEY
Enjoy it Andrew now go replace a 4 time MVP GOOD LUCK
We should! Curious as to what you're up to.
This girl on bgc is hit Ughh
i'm sorry babe, i'm here!
Happy new year tweetsters!!
you left me DX
baseless accusation alleging corruption & mismanagement. As if d opposition is so clean huh?!
Hearing song lyrics that describe your feelings perfectly and thinking, "Wow."
Donald Foster~ No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
YAAAAAY RT : Here comes the grounds crew to pull the tarp again.
LMAO at " #Spurs vs. Clerics"
You are welcome
I really don't wanna talk to him , why did I even text him
Buenos Dias #San Francisco y #BayArea!
A reminder that Some Kind of Safari is TONIGHT @ the Alberta St. Teahouse at 7pm! Complimentary tea for attendees, donations accepted.
Are you coming to our events today? Please check-in with us and tell your friends!
Today I am happily following !
your in highschool ?
ugh! those were some low points in my life haha
How do buyers engage and find lawyers? 70% relationships but 20% thru digital presence = lots of opps
When you are waiting for the bus and someone asks, “Has the bus come yet?”. If the bus came would I be standing here?
Calling all fans of Ireland and everything Irish! Come to Irish Family Day at The Domes! Noon to 4pm today! Call 414-257-5611 for info.
A #Sagittarius will sacrifice time, money and energy to help others.
CNN and Megan Robertson confirming Mike Bloomberg will be holding a press conference at 7:30pm at City Hall. Terrorism related.
Looking forward to filming this Sunday! Always enjoy working with
so how'd that tiger bet turn out for ya this weekend?
I just got back from school and I'm leaving to another.#itSUCKS I know right?!?!
Book lovers never go to bed alone. Author Unknown
Good Will Hunting shxt | Boston Rather open a shop there than LA, LA's too congested
411 gurls who put to much makeup on beware wrinkles will show early!
HOPE NOW Reports 74K Loan Mods in January, Focuses on Military
Are you and Madeline the same person?
Hate a bitch who wears Hella diamond rings but they b Hella foggy n dirty n shit
you had a heck of a season & should b proud of ur accomplishments. The iWillPark team, as all true niner fans do,support u
Mid 20's - but I KILLED it at the Combine....
Hold fast strong to your cell phones. There is a lot of cell phone stealing going around recently Call Police first, provider 2nd.
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
“: When my best friend isn't at school: 5% Hoping they're okay. 95% How dare you leave me alone!”
Join us in the Car Barn 311 to hear Dr. David Ribes talk on Science and Technology Studies!
okay! We will follow you(:
Well I'm glad I'll be catching him in a good mood tomorrow.
Super morning. Hotel lobby buzzing. Met bobby valentine. Told him big mets fan supporter and to beat the yanks!
:)) your nice LOL
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink? Bartender says "for you, no charge"!
Going to have fun tomorrow.. cause after that.. everything will change.
#imissyoubut i'm better without you
chilling down christy park
If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon' miss ya, No lie, no lie
hope everyone's halloween is a good one! be safe, try not to run over any devilish children.
I hope you had a good bash last night.And wore something sparkly.
“Spring forward, Fall back” Remember to set your clocks back for daylight savings tonight!
Diversity and Inclusion training today. Hope it doesn't hurt.
Great day for us today! Building stronger relationships, it's always a win win.
Its a small world..
haha u want that quick put on.. That's the only reason ppl listen to that d-bag
“: The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: closed. Remember you can always call our Roof Hotline at (800) 774-8587.”
why r u gettn tattoo?
I wish I wish had asked me about Clayton Christensen's anti- #highered work for her article on him in
What a GREAT message! Thank you sincerely, M&M! Also, don't forget to take out the trash tomorrow.... ;)
Slow and gentle like I was saving the wrapping paper. LOL RT if I was a present under your tree how would you unwrap me ??
Book is in my office! If you're in Trinity at all today, come get it.
re: UK's Teague - his old team (our Pike HS) won 2day. Will play next Sat @ IN 4A state finals.. #MarchMadness indeed.
La fitness.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
I believe I was ur 1 millionth follower. What movie do I get to be in
Yea! For happy cat ending! Well done, you guys, for collecting him and finding the owner. Gold stars all 'round.
nope my parents are not understanding people more like do what we want or we'll disown you.
“: Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.” amen to that!! #that'sme
you really are lol
#iftwitterwerehighschool I'd be unpopular, but of course that aint how it works :)
yes! fresh is best :)
Celebrity Buzz: Octo Mom is in the news again this time a little more than you want to see
thanks for the follow!
Is it 5:30 yet?! We're getting antsy for the #EarthDay celebration at tonight!
I want Heinz. 2nd choice wold be Ben Lamb.
Well no party tonight get to spend it with the fam
Fundraising message from H-Net today made me realize that I am still on a dozen lists. It seems half have been moribund.
welcome to twitter!
FOODS THAT HEAL: FOODS THAT HEAL- ... Your Price: $5.00. GARLIC HEALING POWERS. Average Rating, 0 Review(s). Your Price: $10.00. CHLO...
Looking forward to an exciting news report tonight
Up an running after a long time figuring out how to make a website. www.asylumradioonline.com
i wanna confess a lot of shit to a lot of people.
Music gives us hope when we think that there is none.
holy shit!! Mike Richards and Jeff Carter traded on the same day! Flyers are blowing up the team...
#madeupsexualpositions Reverse Platypus
The Jonas Brothers & Dance Until Tomorrow :33
#riodejaneiro lets make it trending topic :D
cause my friend got on my profile and he thot it looked like me, not my fault
Chocolate milk(:
Me either and my seasonal depression gets so bad in Jan and Feb. I think thats one of the reasons I kinda dont dig NYE!
Confronted with ubiquitous seemingly instantaneous computing, media theory needs a better genealogy of its own history.
It seems like The Rangers have gotten a ton of hits right up the middle! Killers!
Restarting # plankaday tomorrow! Needed a break to get my running started.
Egghh last day of summer. -______- NOT AMUSED
Today, #ScarySweater is nowhere to be seen. Instead, it's #SassyScarf! ;)
amanda bynes cant be arrested... screw the police!
Did you finish a 30 day yoga challenge recently? Motivate others by tweeting us the benefits you gained from your dedication to practice :-)
PRO TIP: When u see a woman reading 50 Shades Of Gray u can walk right up to her & start making out. No questions asked.
thanks roxy shout outs are #awesome and so is getting strong!
you gonna have to let that shit burn lol
Yes. RT : #bdconf suggests graphic and interaction designers should be the same people. ("Both disagree with me.")
the #LibShow is passing through my town. We've got some great libraries and better people for you to see and meet.
J. Edgar was great, but a little too by-the-numbers. Maybe my expectations were unrealistic, though.
if not as "terrorists," how would you label them? (curious)
you go Man Fly
at Berklee College of Music for Brad Mehldau and Joshua Redman.
Are you arriving at LAX, departing from, or just passing through? If the former, we should grab a drink!
“: I miss little ANT ANT , What about you TAY TAY ??” Duh.. But he don't wanna move back.. Lol
that is excellent.
Herman Cain did a good job with the press conference.
I cried when I watched Ben Breedlove's videos on his heart condition...
My iPod is the shit!!
can't wait man! All up to now!
Ah, the accents of home.
If you give your girl 100% She'll most likely give you 1,000%. Anything less and well expect the same!
ouch that hurt :\ lol
NOTHING THEIR
I would love to write a book but I'm still not sure about what. I have a few ideas but not sure if I would have enough to finish it.
I like the new look of your site. Sharp Things going well?
Me too! I'll try to call you on Monday.
Thank you!
thanks to I'm able to "sit in" on the slavery session I was most looking forward to
Let us know if Dan helps u out. Make today #GreaterThan!
Gave Kerry Kennedy a tour this afternoon!
it is! just busy, but great :)
Hate watching movies about love
Getting ready for the opening keynote Molly Raphael ALA president!
Well, there's that too. :D
yes they are...on iTunes under OUTspoken Radio!! Some great new things on the horizon for the show!
New video coming soon!! I'm figuring out how to get the videos onto the ipad and into imovie. WORK brain WORK!
Thanks for coming on the air with us today on You rock!
march madness part ll
I wont think twice about walking with you as long as you stand for something...
I'm serious too ill buy
Consider registering for a charity fitness event. With the date looming, it will help you stay motivated to get fit in time for the event.
Good night, John Boy....
haha tell me when and we can rock the place we can bring like six people
haha me and mark are moving!
perfect. I'm pretty sure i've see that same commercial.
Small Group Adventures USA. Celebrate our launch - buy one tour and bring your best friend free! offer ends March 25th!
Roger that, Captain! Sometimes you gotta do what's best for the books! Thanks for your support; ROYGBIV all the way.
I work 2-4 then I'm staying for a while to eat there
Nothing says "Welcome to Valley Communty College" quite like a chubby Armenian in an Affliction shirt talking loudly on his cell phone. Ugh.
awww.. C'mon!!! We love any crowd noise that doesn't include Boo or Hiss just likes a crowd to make noise!!
Just had me some chicken minis from Chick Fil A. Gotta love breaks from class and chick Fila is just 3 min away. Delish!
London friends, hope you're safe, be careful!!! xoxo
Then shoot himself .. What the fuck is wrong with people?? now im texting my dad every 20 mins to make sure nothing happened :/
I should be the biggest star of this movie
We are not formally associated with www.fostercarealumni.org but hope to gain an official charter in the coming months.
Thanks for supporting , Shannon!
ANNOUNCEMENT: is holding a live game watch in #Providence on 2/28 for #UConn v. #PC. More details on Facebook page soon! 50 tix
where you shop HOT TOPIC ?!?!
excited to play together next week!
the single is called "down" ;)
LOVE Bucketfeet and companies that give back! Thanks for an eye-opening show!
Are they still in the Legwarmers? Some of my co-workers went to the show in #rva this weekend.
That was atrocious.
Just call me Tammy Taylor! I'm here and am hoping to spot her. She's alive and well in my mind.
Supporters are key to pushing you to stickK to your goal. Sorry we had to erase it for you, but next time you'll have success!
I've never been so happy about the grammys.
Also, look forward to the chefs stories on the website over the next week.
:( the #beachlife will miss you.
hell yeah im from Nashville wats it to ya.
Just looked back over my entire tweet history from the last 5 years. What's happened to me? I want the old Matt Hagger back.
You guys, I'm still super excited about seeing the shuttle. That was just so cool. I feel like I'm 8 years old!
I don't think TARC will take him that far.
Evan, give me le play doh back
Wishing Everyone a Great Thanksgiving!
Age & innocence.
Let me write up the details of what I can provide and offer you a quote. It will be too long for a twitter post. email?
What's yo blood type, and please don't say nun other than the word bitch... 47.8% of guys are #BitchMade Ladies iz yur man??
Finishing high school is going to be the strangest feeling
He writes on them. But you have to write what you want on it when you order the stuff. If you don't write what you want on it then he ju ...
Even though that was on derek fischer it was still sick.
Eagles draft Fletcher Cox DT Miss. St.
Thanks! I'm so proud of him right now! :D
okay I will have her do that. Thank you!
thank you very much!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #BBN loves you. May you have a #blessed day!
I'm not skeptical of unicorns. I'm sure they don't exist. However, I can't prove it for certain. Am I unicorn-agnostic?
I imagine it's the same face he makes during oral. RT Old guy "guitar face" is seriously creeping me out.
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more
oh yeah I hadn't been with him for a week I was chillan with my mom Yeah alright I got you b(:
Cutter, everyone wants to pilot a hover craft :)
It's a beautiful fall day. Is your house ready for winter? Call us early to make sure your home is ready for snow
Gimme your Dad's email... RT : Ok... I'm back on track! Now what!?
Athletes 'train to win'. The rest of us should 'exercise for a better quality of life'. CG Philosophie.
Twitter >>>> Everything
I so want to do this! RT #Brewers announce plans for half marathon in Sept. Of course, there's a post-race tailgate.
thanks! RT : I <U+2764> Avi...you all look so handsome.
New dates to be announced soon. Stay tuned...
who Jah bless no man curse...
I like One Direction,dont get me wrong,but have u heard Greyson?Hes talented especially for his age and u obviously haven't heard Purple Sky
Economic independence is the foundation of the only sort of freedom worth a damn.
Yes I am SO relieved, I could just picture them up there chewing all of our wiring to bits. Whew!
I know!! I wasn't sure I heard that right!
but trust me, that is a great problem to have, I get to work with amazing people daily, and I am vastly thankful
is jettin to work.
spanked with a belt peace out got to go to bed tweet u later
Last day! Going to , 50% off books at AltaMira Press, and staffing the EMP booth!
well you have more followers now :) enjoying your summer?
Cool, I would love that.
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it!
hey. you're a comic. me 2. will check out your links. wanna hear a great joke? Liberty and justice for all. And I quote.
If anybody got a chip in their windshield from the W I-44 rock spill give us a call. We can direct bill most insurance companies.
well, I tried that. still waiting for it to take effect. maybe a 2nd glass...
Can't the and just agree to both suck and share last place in the NL Central for an evening / morning ?
and Please Follow Me!! :D <33
When it comes to Tone-Loc, I prefer the album version of Cheeba Cheeba to the "Og 12" Version"
no but I can it's legal now
Let's make millions together!!
nice quote! and nice pic too btw ;) follow me!
Busy week! I am very much looking forward to a day off tomorrow. It will be my first one this month!
Thanks! We should be posting something new every two weeks, either on facebook, bandcamp or youtube! :)
OR MAYBE NOT!!!! If he only knew!!! Got me going crazy. He just might be special."
ENJOYING SPENDING TIME WITH FRIENDS........ENJOYED A RELAXING WEEKEND
what?! Are you serious?!!
I do. Tml
I accidentally slept for 11 hours. Somewhere along the line, I became old and absolutely no fun.
Also, I think Draper's shirtlessness is a contractual "necessity."
Rangers n Caps game 7 at MSG ! The joint is jumpin'
Can someone tell me how this band of idiots, the Tea Party, held us all hostage? Come on Dems, stop the madness!
The closer u get 2 god the devil will tryn 2 hindered u 4rm focusing on ur path 4rm goind forward
My MLB feed sucks today!
Weaves!!! You got a twitter! I miss u
At #saa11 research forum. 3G is weak, 0-1 cell phone bars. Sigh.
you played your a.. off, thank you!
U r quite the connoisseur !!! When's your deadline?
Prolixis my ass! How you in your 20's taking a pill to better your sex performance?
Keep it real in the field hunting Easter eggs.
My cat would scratch my left hand/wrist area -___- now ppl are gonna yell at me... I didn't do it :/
Today has been full of ups and downs, and right now i could use pick me up, therefor its time to start on a new song, wish me luck.
we were waiting for the bus. no one much around but us. then i see this young boy cut a look at me
I second Jonathan's thought, Peter. Perfect place to start.
“: A WORLD without a #Pisces is a World without iPhones, iPads, iPods && iMacs cause Steve Jobs (Mr. Mac) was a #Pisces !!!”
THAT WAS SUCH A SEXY PERFORMANCE. OMGG. I can't breathe. i need u. u are perfect<U+2665> omg
3 teams - you rock
many thanks
I love the unexpected...
Thanks! Hoping to stop and see you today!
Thanks for the RT on the Sidewalk Sale!
ME! Going modified GAPS baby...a la Chriss Kresser/Paleo (adding starches) Thx for your tweets!!!
RT : RT : Gas prices are going up 5¢ tonight -> electricity prices are staying the same. I <3 Electric Vehicles
Visit SOUTHSIDE DISCOUNT MALL off TARA BLVD to pick up your copy of FEEL GOOD MUSIC: VOL.1 today!
They Didn’t Like My Ad Campaign: New “Irish Spring” Just Like A Swift Kick In The Balls. .
Just recorded "What a wonderful world" let me know if you would like and mp3 sent to you.
Weirdest touchdown ever
Keeping busy. You? I did a quick run around the neighborhood yesterday. First in too long. Painful/exhausting :(
thanks dudes...of course. lets do it!
Not my favorite beer.
please call and I will set you up with a great deal 619-231-8030
RT : ..but we all want the legacy to outlast us & only way to do that is to share it..[great decision]
btw someone 'sabotaged' my pandora mobile and for the past 30mins i have been listening to (and enjoying it).
Would love to chat with you about Fon penetration in the U.S.
Thanks for the shout out, Glenn!
Circu Du Sole boys at the Golds Gym Milwaukee while I work out! ;)
what could be better?
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5
S/o to my new follower
I've seen her in the store, just as a casual shopper though.
@ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 3:30: Author Sheila L. Agnew presents "Inspiration for Women Over 40", a workshop about embracing aging.
Anybody know where I can find yo gotti my life songs at? I know it's old
Realtor Expo was great!! Thanks to HAR and all participants!!
favorite golf course in Portland area?
Going to the office this lovely Sunday to work on my client's case.
#schoolmemories the times when u provoke ur teacher
“: With 1st NFL paycheck bought his mother a Tiffany necklace with a key on it b/c "she was the key to my success"” sweet!
thank you for the new music suggestion, we will check her out :)
the bumper yeah but its still smoking on and off, something always wrong with this piece of shit lol idec nomore
Shows in Houston, Nola, and Birmingham next week! Fall tour dates coming soon!
My colleague just had a epiphany!
Thanks! I'll be posting links about the auction on twitter as soon as I figure out how. LOL
Time to role play: Your friend's dog wasn't spayed and now she's pregnant. What do you tell your friend to do?
I'll come around...if the half full glass is Lagunitas IPA.
Every time my companion died, I just loaded the latest autosave. Lemme guess, was it your Whiterun housecarl?
We are setting the templates for our future now! The key is in the present moment, not in some far off future. The key is who you are rig…
Happy President's Day! The Greater Orlando Miracle Board loves their new 2012 President, Stephen Lumpkins!
Dear #RedSox I would like very much for you not to blow this lead. We know you can hold on for the victory! Signed, all of us.
I'm glad the UK players are holding the press conference during my basketball playing time tonight because I am terrible at goodbyes.
ok my phone is being a #badass... lol it dont want to come on and work
Thanks Stephani. It's hard to tell from the photo, but the reflection in the water was beautiful.
Havent cared so little about BC Football game since 2001 when I was a Notre Dame fan in high school
Arab League wants to appear "moral" by opposing Gadhafi, but doesn't want to be seen supporting a Western war in the Arab world.
needs to change her voicemail...and twitter profile! :)
Its still looking that will be our president another 4 years cuz the Republicans don't have now a candidate what makes sense
Silverfish are the bane of my existence. I can't get rid of them! I think they move with me from place to place.
<--- feeling very blessed that i have a timeline where absolutely no one says "rise and grind"
Live like no one else today so you can live like no one else tomorrow.
can't wait to see you smash Green Bay...love some tickets!
I like twitter for keeping up with the tech news but facebook for personal stuff
thank you :D
Munch city bro!
RT: On this day in 1940 - Winston Churchill became British Prime Minister.
Best play call by far all season
is only thugging because its
thank u hun
With the 91st pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Ichiro
Fag ass nigga
I can't say that I am a huge basketball fan, but I am glad #cincinnati is getting so much attention!
Does age really matter? just looks like a bacon hawk to me... :3
If you always do what you have always done, well: YOU ARE NOT CHANGING. Step back from your wagon and make some new choices.
hey girl, look over by the door :-) Hope your presentation went well.
Kristen Stewart is so awkward.. Its annoying hahaa
Kyle would tell you to fucking retweet this.
Hard work can only get u so far. He might have been on too many "performance enhancers" before. He may never be good again.
Well my nights about done... Night twitter
find republicans or movie stars that are ass holes and bother the crap out of them!
even if you cant get a certain someone to notice you i cant hurt to keep trying
Thanks! Hope you have a great weekend :D
alriite... no one's perfect, you and I both know it's bound to happen eventually! LOL!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki & Ben made has a Twitter account. #bachelor #hansSnowman All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Hope to see the two of you soon! RT : Missing RA & w/ !
It's all I asked for. Instead...I got Blackhawks monopoly. #sigh ...
Let's get this closing done and move on to next deal.
Aaron's widdle guinea pig is dying ):
why thank you little lady
He didn't even PLAY third! What the shit, Mookie?
ya i dont remember either.. hahaha
you can do it if I can! which has perhaps not been established.
guscave purchased Twista - Whitney Houston... Check email for transaction details.
<3 idea of invented tweet chat between characters.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too! Have a great day :o)
at bogarts kicked ass last night! Great times!
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet!
tbh I'm not a fan of 'fact checking' future-looking statements. How can u fact check what hasn't happened yet?
I'm having a country music phase. #yeehaw lol
“: is aware of this” they was my personal invitation to Ed btw. Signed sealed delivered.
I can't wait until June 19!
btw, most of his videos were fake. <\Slope/>
that would make a pretty sprakle for sony vegas. c:
morning ari! have a safe flight! <3
i'm so punny :D
sounds like a hell of a time yeeeeeehhhhaaawwww
The Holidays are here... Cum see what we have to offer! Host a Passion Party TODAY!!
haha I don't, I was wing sarcastic. I could actually care less
Sometimes ignoring "the industry" and telling a good story that you love to tell is what makes the phone ring.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I have nothing to do! Lol
Co-washing: washing your hair using conditioner instead of shampoo. If you have coarse, curly and dry hair try co-washing for less frizz.
#HungerGames is Hella Amazing ! All the undertone messaging was unbelievable
Bedlam on mass street
“: Don't know why I'm on such a Beastie Boys kick lately.”. Agreed.
You and I both!
bent but not broken, hanging on by a thread.
Thank you Mark Reynolds!
Souvenir is amazing, Bought it!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.- Muhammad Ali
UVA students, make sure you leave enough time to tie a full windsor knot before the noon PSU game. Half windsors are unbecoming.
thanks so much - have a great week
Awe okay boo:)<3
What's up with the Physics EOC being the hardest test of my life? Totally guessed on everything, k.
I'm in Bali and so far I've seen 4 people wearing Yankees hats!
aye thanks brotha
Singing "One Headlight" at karaoke is one of the best decisions I've made in weeks.
Papa penguin is not giving the chick up. Mama penguin is shitty. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
In fact the said that under the #GOP Budget those earning over $1 million a year would receive $265,000 in NEW tax breaks
that's hot!
thanks man! Really appreciate it! Looking forward to hearing some new stuff from you LDSP cats soon! :]
Radioactive Radiation Fallout Symbol Adult Pullover Hooded Sweatshirt Hoody Hoodie – Purple
Ugh it's Mondayy :/!
thank you ! you are too <3
love u! Text me tomorrow and tell me how it goes(:
": Seems like the #Grizzles might still have a big head from last season's playoffs... instead of big win, came up with #EpicFail"
The Aggie game made me think the Texas Longhorns should look into getting one of those, what are they called again, running backs?
#redsox Red Sox Alley Show and other great content on iPhone, Android and more! Sign up with promo code ALLEY
Congratulations on your film screening at Sistas Doing it For Themselves!!!!!!!!!
You just got pulled
Grt wrk! MT : thanks for #fellowswat shout out. We're all about hitting our goals in
#BecauseOfOneDirection i fell in love with 5 boys that I know I will never meet :(
A little love right back at you my dear!
lol, sure does RT : Man...that goes so far beyond just singing..but I feel you!
I meant I can't follow anymore people-Twitter sets limits...so I need to get me some more followers!
The look on that chic's face is PRICELESS! lol
I'm in macys
never gonna happen lol.. I'm playing in a tournament and got a game at 7
are you awake
I'd really like to be Olivia Wilde's husband one day
that awkward moment when you change your shirt in the car... and there was a guy parked next to you the whole time
I am so embarrassed I have a hole in my pants.
Watching the House pilot episode. It's strange to see it so close to the series finale.
fine I'll just DM you the dots lol
Bow Down-West Side Connection
Let me look up good ideas for this senior speech I have to write -_-
Don't look back you're not going that way.
Today is gunna be a good day! <U+E32D>
every smile I have is genuine.
no. He told me to tell you to talk to him.
We are also aware that this is the time for iPhone Application Development and have as such decided to go high in this field. When it comes…
were I not in a meeting I would. Enjoy
Between the arizona time difference and day light savings, this is a complete disaster x_X
Yeah I don't use mine either, it's still up just in case though
Heh, thanks. Soon I will own a version of that or 's...and I will stop letting this simple decision cause stress.
I started p90x yesterday... I slept til 11am and took 2 naps today. Lol. Don't know where I'll find the energy for day 2 but I'll find it..
bother - have just realised that i'll not see the #theapprentice this year unless the the US release of the bbc iplayer hurries up ;-(
If you write "I love you Selene," I'll die happy. lol
Another great race. You're having a nice year. congrats
I have a sudden urge to take half a melon, grab a spoon and dig in.
We just had a good time out there on Monday and Tuesday. Making plans for global domination!
maybe in the economic history department?
No matter what your paint job, inside or outside, always choose the best paint you can afford.
hot hot hot
I just SO don't care about the Oscars.
It's 11:11... Make a Wish And Make A Wish And Say I HOPE YOU TWEET ME (; #11:11wish
I loved the finale of 90210! I loved that Silver picked Teddy to have her baby.
Work is such a terrible idea on a day like this!
Woke up to see that #DonaldDriver was trending in the area...
Partying with some friends then studying for finals
Off to Amherst to visit a customer
Oh, its gettin juicy!....
beingfrugal.net just promoted by Denver News 2 as being a great resource for saving money
Thanks to all past and present #veterans out there who have protected this great country and helped make it what it is today.
we live in a generation of not being in love & being together,but we sure make it feel like we're together.
really excited to see that DC is gonna be performing on idol!!!
Learn the difference between your and you're! And there and their and they're!
is reopening it! Playing with skream and benga and ac slater!! Gonna be sick nasty!
I have one, but I probably wouldn't be able to get it to you until Monday since it's at my place (still out of town)
Is Brandon Roy working himself to a more prominent role with the Blazers?
How about UFC fights with more than 2 fighters in the cage? I'd watch.
I'm sick of niggas #Lying I'm of bitches #hawking matter of fact, I'm sik of talking.
Launching in 4 hours. Who's excited?
Steamed broccoli is $7
Investinme , great commercial
we've landed in SYD - flight arriving in Adelaide at 8am Sunday! We have no phones and can't work the pay phone!
it's always to have some lazy days
5 minutes until live webchat with administrator about #youth in #development. Thanks to for her leadership!
prolly cause you're using a battery draining app or you haven't closed out other apps
Bitches be fake!!
“ “ I keep most things to myself because in reality...no one really gives af””
Drive...delay
You a penny you two-faced and worthless...but me on a dollar cuz im who they trust in!
just got the email - don't think that's something that fits the direction of theWAIREHOUSE...but thanks for thinking of us
At a packed bar here in the Denver area... place just went NUTS on the and-one.
Well that first beer went down nicely! I think it's a BBQ night. I think honey BBQ wings will be good
We indie filmmakers are the same way when we go on those 3 day long writing or editing sessions!
we will be going live in about a month. we are just pre-marketing Indy Fit Baseball!
Rise & Shine Wold, make moves cause life will definately move without you. keep God, Family, & Gr8 Friends 1st, Thank Thy Haters
I finished my dayjob project with the Defense Dept today! Just believe me when I say this has been bane o' my existence for a year.
Nice interview. Sorry you won't be there on Tuesday. One edit: Chris O'Riley.
like really dumping courtney after you proposed to her! Duh! Oh sorry that already happened. She dumped u though! Tee hee hee
Thank you ! Congrats to you as well!
We apologize for failing to post the lift notice link on Twitter on Nov. 29. We'll do a better job in the future.
yeah very true. but then again i might as well just go to a cuban deli and get one from them. cubans probably make them better
Is there a reason why myTransit no longer gives bus times?
2 hands as well.
You are right.Fuck your fans. You don't need them. Of course, w/o them you would be nothing more than a small market DJ
Sorry dude. We just thought you'd like to share the other 3 with yur pals. Jeez!
hope ur on today again! <3
It gets you to overhaul your diet to include much much much more fruits and vegetables and lean meats and healthy fats
Haha! I can totally hear Will screaming there!
well his mom she's like a mom to me
I can only dream of being the mature Grad student you are.
Design Tip: Collect pictures of things that you like and use them as inspiration for your home decorating. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Chinese wall anyone? This all nonsense: Busting banks up is the only valid move and it will never be done by a captured state.
Fix and deliver addiction. Specifically those with impulsive addictions Father. (Sex, gambling, and spending/shopping) #Deliver!
It may be just me, but I have absolutely no problem with the Saints having bounties for players. No problem at all
i'm just foolin' ;)
I know many of you have written about negotiating compensation for a speaking gig. Hit me with your best links.
We shall see. :)
This #SavageU show on #MTV is pretty damn awesome. Wish I had this show in middle school. Is that wrong?
that our personalities sometimes.. (Well who am I kidding) all the time comes across as being a bitch lol so work it!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
TeamMaestro's #followfriday picks. We like 'em and think you will, too.
Such a good episode of Mad Men, can't wait for next week's already! This preview for The Pitch too?!? AMC may be my new favorite network!
dez be proud. I didnt buy anything tonight!
RT : S/o 2 first national bank 4 the free tickets.<-- We are glad to have them as a sponsor! A GREAT company!
haha! No!! I'm running away with it!
they should really make cinnamon gum that lasts longer.
#Sextips While eating the VAGINA reach your arms over your head and rub on her nipples
What have y’all got against Kevins? We’re not so bad…
Hey there, nice to meet you!
That boy done fugged up.
That makes 2 of us :)
your too funny! He called me a dyke..
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone and your parents ask who you're talking to
Oh, that song is in the book
I feel so sneaky.
Tests...tests...and MORE tests. I think Ima drop and and join a band of gypsies...
Looking at frozen fog on pine needles brought back memories of spray flock :-)
My legs need tanning
books like that should come with warning labels.
when i said youve been acting different i mean, you act like half the shit you said before wasnt true .
": WE WILL, WE WILL ROCK YOU."u listening to QUEEN?
Happiness and sadness 2day in Twitter. Happy: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of). Sad: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of)
Cindy, girl, going to a late night house party when all the teens in your school are suspects is such a fucking great idea.
Ben Folds "Cooler Than You"
Woohoo 's going to be at the KCA's!!!!
Yes! Plans for CL final viewing b4 RBNY-MTL as well RT : Fish, heard last episode today. I'm in Montreal over weekend. Grab a drink?
Phil needs to be better or we will be lookin at cc, kuroda, nova, pettitte, phelps until we can make a trade.
Did You know , that i love you .
Good night my loves...can't keep eyes open anymore so sleepy
If you hold a candle light vigil in a country with no residential power, would anyone notice?
IM SITTIN AT HOME LOOSIN MY VOICE, PLEASE KUM MAKE ME SUM TEA I GOTTA PAFORM! ON MY BDAI, PPLE LOVE MY VOICE DUH
I can't go for that.
The secret life of Ballon Animals
What if when a player flops, the opposing team's color analyst gets a free 3-pointer? I'm for that.
Need to get back in touch with a few people
- what is that? Looks cool!
12 more knock-knocks!
Good morning! If anyone is inclined to wish me luck today.... I could use the well wishes :)
Thank You!!=) RT : Happy Birthday, Angel! Great shots! Xoxo
But scrambled with ingredients is the best. Maybe better than an omelet.
Big news about our friend Kurt Johnson -- he's Townsquare Media's new SVP of Programming! Check your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News email.
nobody cares.
Whiskey Chicks will be giving away 4 tickets to the #Barons playoff game tonight come in and see Sierra at the bar they will go fast!
fashion show
You guys are my #mINSPIRATION and #nINSPIRATION!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Spent all day cooking Seafood Gumbo!! Turned out PERFECT!! I can sleep good tonight knowing it wasn't a wasted day!! :D
Hey guys! Excellent sound, keep up the great work.
you don't reply to me because I'm from san antonio texas! That's why you never tour here either! Isn't it? :)
im going to see u im so happy
my ex mother in law made THE BEST choc chip cookies. I asked her for recipe - ha it was on the bag of Nestlé chips.
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire. Nice.
sis she just called use bitches if we are a bitch we are a good one
Dedication: DANIEL RAMIREZ, We came back to say hi again. Love you Daniel. Rest in paradise. Carson, Derek, Cynthia
Happy New Year everyone! Love and Music ...
“: We are moving WI forward. Business poised to explode in WI. After your out in June, yes!
Any big #CincoDeMayo plains this weekend?
In case you missed the memo, today is "Drive Laura Crazy" day.
Really hoping and survive tonight that that cinco de mayo dos can happen !
Ewww! He looks slimy!
lol just check.. Hm let me read up on y'all.. I'm a scorpio<U+E414>
Get good at this skill: behavioral economics. Its about understanding science & psychology. #LiNC (right, ?!!?) | Yup, totally!
i finally found out who my real friend are(:
medically retired gives the family TriCare but no severance pay. Medically separated is no TriCare but severance pay.
Piped in soft rock in lobby and outside
99% of the time I have NO FUCKS to give....especially when people are mad or upset with me...but one thing I will do is reconcile
The AI that composes these tweets also has a very convincing hologram generator. =)
Peace and Love my brother!! Go do some work in Australia! I need an invite to that graduation!
im super busy this week, but maybe sunday afternoon?
please come true </3
thank GAWD! She iz too much
grief is not dysfunctional but sometimes reactions to grief can go that direction.
you are gorgeous! Look like a young Helen Hunt.:-)
Starting to get hungry.....
happy birthday!
where's your date
Thank you for having me! Looking forward to some more networking!
thanks for the follow!
happy birthday! And thank you! :)
I only trust 3 people in my life right now
Studying for 2 hours straight and the second you stop for a 3 minute break, your parent walks in to check if ur "really" studying....
Videos (y)
Can't wait!! It's gonna be so fun.
Time to turn the channel.
I try to eat at all the weird places, the obscure barbecue joints, burger places
Yes! I shall be there, right after the Pastmapper event.
Enlighten me.
thanks(: it means alot
i love you the mostest! If you ever need me i gotcha backk! <33
go to sleeeeeeppp
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
it's not. Now my mind is racing about all this crazy Worldly stuff. Grr
LOl i posted the video of how i would look if i had a nicki minaj booty lol
follow for a sweet $100 CASH
Being cool is too mainstream, just like chasing them with a notebook and a pen, or a knife
smh i knew u were gonna say that ahah
Stoops to announce decision on QB Bradford's status for tomorrow's game Friday
Thats my goal for today.
Of course, I must say I don't think America is God's gift to anybody--if it is, God's days have got to be numbered. ???
hehe, nah, you're a good girl, need to teach me your shopping
The beautiful secretary of now has a twitter:)
propa cute too
I'm up kinda early today..
you're welcome <33
CRASH: I-205 northbound on-ramp @ Stark closed
Your icon is going to perfect to All The Small Things- Blink-182 it's just so beautiful :')
reading now res paper on child sexual exploitation. Disturbing material, but not offensive in context.
bad I was in tremens for a month for my depression
I like the foams better than most the new shit they put out…the color ways they put out for the foams is what makes them dope 2me
Just curious!
is starks active tonight
Luck was on my side today
best tweet you ever had lol
I use FB for more biz than personal, so I probably would. I usually don't check the age when I accept friend requests.
Thanks Bulls for a wonderfully exciting season!!!! Made it much further than most expected. Let's make some smart moves this offseason!!!!!
.....and 63% of women would dump a boyfriend if he went broke
In need of a massage.
when i go home, i'm taking a nap.
My parents told me that I can go to 's Lone Wolf book tour this spring break since we'll already be in Illinois! :D
i love how my dad wakes up with ideas and then do it... last week he woke up and wanted to buy another computer he did.. now a car.. xD
I don't even know bro
Looks like the controversy was that a Egyptian government archaeologist made news calling for greater care/conservation (1/2)
Worker looks down at his pay check, glances up, glances back at check, glances up again.. I know that look, his hours are short.
You happy yet?
#lazyweb Anyone know a good doctor who specializes in migraines? The ones at Swedish just want to give you drugs straight away :-/
here's the fab new shoes since you knew something was bound to be purchased.
I'm so deterrmined foor you to answer one of my tweets onee daay hhun (;
we give up not only bespoke customization but our soul, no?
Oh my goodness, I hope I didn't imply science at any point during the course of my tweeting.
NIGHT SWEATS Rehearsal ... puttin' the pieces together
Is now using TweetDeck for easy update's :D
Back in studio next week show on may 3 Gibson showcase .... Beverly hills baby
so much fun! I love it
Someone in Baltimore won the mega millions.. Too bad I was really starting to like my chances
Are Khloe and Lamar about to take Turkey?! Do tell.
I haven't purchased them yet.
I believe when we die we should give it all back and leave heirs n more than $10M Too many spoiled brats in this world
Dream chaser
She looks after me, though I am her minion.
Why does everyone hate soap?
Ravens. vs. Steelers is certainly up there right now.
Thanks,! Happy Birthday, !
HA! In your dreams..the cubs will never sweep a series with the cardinals!
bring me one too!!
Make an editorial calendar for *all* content #contenttour Baltimore
Fighting off a case of the Mondays? Our 5-8 Happy Hour is the cure!
Attn: SD Media - got some BIG news re: SD City Council that we'll share TOMORROW 11am outside C U there!
lol I'm not soft
"There are two types of guys at the bar" - You are the man. Hahaha
Rick Santorum can do a lot with a little -- just ask Mrs. Santorum.
no they're not! They're so adorable :)
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. ~Doug Larson
thanks brotha!!! What a feeling!
Can't wait to catch tonight!!
thanks ff. happy weekend!
ok ill confirm with you in a few days.
word... Done deal man.
Sorry Travis... thats wrong of them.
I'm about to flip a shit
I will give you twenty dollars
Great energy!!
#DearGod Forgive us because we have sinned
Absolutely! Can you give me a follow so I can DM you my number?
There we go boys!!! #WhiteSox take that &
Time to watch the #Grammys!!!! Woohoo(:
work hard for the money... rip Donna.. hot stuff.. saving that last dance for u.. Godbless
please work on it with me, I can figure out a way to pay you...I just want my dream to be a reality & sites r not my strong suit
wow.. contest tweet
Thanks for the RT!
When engaging in social media strategy, be genuine & human with your customers. This isn't PR. Learning new tips from
Ah I love it :) you inspire me daily!!!
Says at 8:14 there was a fight in the parking lot at Penn Park. They believe the fight stems from another incident in Fitchburg.
The daily prize today at #ALOA is an iPad. The first 50 people to stop by our main booth 409 will be entered.
turn off ur ebonics spell check.
What if said person doesn't drink soda? Is said person screwed?
Tune in today to at 1:35pm ET to hear #Braves 1B Freddie Freeman.
oh great, now I need to read the Empire trilogy. Thanks Roger!
I think something is wrong with ur flürgen
Follow your heart. Make mistakes. Learn and be aware... that's all you'll need. That's life. That's all it is. Nothing can stop you.
Ann Rhoades will be keynote speaker at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 on April 23 in Las Vegas. 9 am We are pleased to invite you to...
what about that ugly spurt???
The general take-all-comers model is probably behind us. But through these niches, we can make a difference.
Since when is it a crime to do interviews?? As long as it's the truth Jen can say and do what she wants!
Would you know if the text or a video of Gitleman's talk be made available in the future?
LMS if your a Nicki Minaj Fan... Roman Reloaded: On Point. Get That Album.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
“: No idea why that girl is crying, but I obvs relate to her.”
your face, I like that shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
does the Tstorm watch include Jackson WI?
happy mothers day to all u beautiful mommies <3
What the hell was that plane downtown? Damn!
i dont speak russian.
Holy mother of pearl. I got a B in biology. Sorry that I'm okay with that.
Good to fall in Limelight w/ & see crush it!
LOL I get it. I'll plant them and go from there...
Dreamers who turn their dreams into goals and work towards accomplishing them have little FEAR of ANYTHING!!!!!
I'd rather fail than fail to be myself.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
you should take up disc golf. I feel like you'd enjoy it.
Well good morning there stranger, how have you been?
here we go oakland half marathon let's get this crackin.
weather like this makes me want to make a fort /and crawl inside with coffee and a book,/ Mozart playing softly in the background
Hope you have an amazing Birthday! You deserve it! :D <33
love that movie!
I was talking to u Elizabeth haha #awk but
Your EGO is a RAvenous BEAST...CONSUMING EVERYTHING it SEES !!!!! TAme it..... :-P
Do you style your armpit hair?
Latest New Sounds Live festival streaming audio now available w/ & Treuting ():...
You don't want to play this game with me--I use words for a living.
Don't forget about the kids at #ConcertsontheCurve! hasn't! They are offering 20% off from 6-9pm only.
Meet and from the Potter's House tomorrow on Mother's Day at New Bethel Miss Baptist 174 Branch St. Pontiac,MI
2012 Southern California Theater Listings
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
hahaha you guys are too funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> have fun!!!
I miss you baby :\
yeah u already down der
Sat is black and white day
I can tell that you are and Happy Mothers Day since its midnight. :) <3
Snug as a bug in a rug
Ladies, what kinds of photos turn you away on dating sites? Shirtless? Blurry? Him with some woman?
Much love and thanks for the shout out!
Some people always seem angry and continuously look for conflict. Walk away. The battle they are fighting isn't w/ you, but w/ themselves.
Adding you to the uncatalogables. Or, at least, Librarian. Cheers :)
American Junkie in stock at Elliott Bay Books
Trivia: Did you know the Durufle used many chant themes from Gregorian "Mass for the Dead" for his Requiem?
they screwed up the NCAA tourney one too many times, so now he has declared war.
me, at this time. i'll be sharing S wrk a lot. kinda like the #ecosys blog, but w/the purpose of developng resourcs 4 classrm dialog
Early tattoo artists used urine mixed with different coloring matter to make their tattoos... Gross!!!
Interesting, before began, NRA leader Wayne LaPierre told media to jump off a bridge.
The mennonites also include a "mistake" in their quilts
ITS NOT NOW ;)
Hahahaha RT : I'm Finna go back to Maximus and beg for my job back.
Erica us teasing my romanian heritage. "WE MAKE DE VODKA GOULASH."
have you tried it?
right I was like damn!
I have never supported anything as much as I support this.
<---She is she, is beautiful! #POW!
Um...the movie rocks so hard. lol.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-22
Wednesday Tweetcast: periods of rain/storms - rainfall amounts of .25-.5 should be common with some spots picking up over 1"..high 77°
To : stop with all the crap views of the game...
I went to bed at 10:45
I have those types of friends who have to point out the bad in other ppls life to cover up how unhappy they are
Really enjoying the presentation from in #jms585. Great tips on how to have successful media relations!
love library today. Quiet, peaceful, information abound,gazing out window to street, page 186, fleeting thought, tired, nap time.
Thank You too! Have a good night ^_^
its may 10th. easy there.
ill kill you if you forget the shoes
HOW ABOUT YOU AND MADDONA
and u know its true
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be
which one
Thanks so much for my graduation gift girl!!!!!!!! Like Omg lol
excited to be back in BTR...a lot has changed since my college days
Only perceivable benefit to Beatles on iTunes: Apple Store overhead music freaking rules.
Y this people tripping at the postoffice
I can't wait til I never have to see you again.
How people from my school find me on here makes no sense.....this is supposed to be my seperation from the school drama crap
We are playing at in #LA on Sat 3/31: Vintage Asian Garage Rock + Folktale Mashup Puppets. Free! FUN!
Congrats on the higher altitude :) Happy you're filming!
so good!!
M love the weather tonight....starting to get in the mood for fall!
computer foundations is awsome and legit i lobe eht
I cheated on OPI today with a new brand of nail polish called butter. Hey and have you heard of this brand? I likey.
Merry Christmas via Derrick Rose.. POW!
The Sisters Of Murphy coming up next! Tune into
Maybe you two should hug it out.
Red vans, black long socks, cargo shorts, tight black sweater, & a red cap. Holla.
Hangin with the kid today....
yes, I most certainly do. and I have a big interest in promoting ICT4E in Latin America.
And "Alice's Restaurant" FTW!
Occupy SF is now occupying the Mission! Massive wave of protesters just marched down Valencia towards 16th and Mission
lol you would right about some sexy shit on my TL
": Life is not what others decide, life is what you create and decide. Only you can create your life."
Congrats James Harden, well deserved
later bet on derby and my horse won but I had him boxed with three other horses so I won nothing
woah woah ! Was today my day to wash dishes ?
kick rocks.
RT : 1 sperm cell contains about 37.5MB of DNA - So a normal ejaculation transfers about 1,587GB of data in 3 seconds.
Welcome to Schlitz Park, #Corvisa employees! Everyone's moving in to the new downtown office today!
Haha I hate when women say "I feel u", cuz in the back of my mind i'm thinking "O girl, no u don't"
#Passport DC. Be sure to stop by and visit the Embassy of the Republic of South Africa, Washington D.C.! Find out what they have store!...
why cant i follow anyone someone help me
There's no error msg...just a blank white screen when I click on "Check In Here"
will remember this #KCA for a long time!
Hey Maria thanks for the follow!! =)
That's cool. Thank him and thanks to you for letting us know. Will be curious to hear their response. Where in France is he?
Nothing quite like seeing the hatefulness and ignorance of those around you displayed in bar chart form. So disappointing.
RT If you are excited that #EDCNY has added a third day!
Someone should tell these #Orioles fans that the home team is up 4-0 and baseball's a great game. Wave is not necessary. Ever.
new work music line up - mid 90s trance and modern western movie soundtracks
Quick went to Avon Old Farms in CT. Same high school as Richter. Both CT natives.
Every heard of Willy Tea Taylor. After tonight on Live you will. Great folk music. He performs on KGW from Laurel Thirst Public House.
Listening to "Nothing On You" by B.o.B ft. Bruno Mars <3
think about how what I said would affect anyone else. I. Yeah. I'm just sorry.
touched our souls and made our hearts swell once again. "Rumble Young Musicians Rumble"
Call for reservations., 702.632.9095. TOPTIONAL weekend planned! and banging dem turntables!
you do believe when i tell you that you're the one im loving?
Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you`re not one of them.
Please please please wish my best friend Rosie a happy bday?? :)
One hell of a Blackhawks game today. Glad we kicked the #STLBlues asses. What a fantastic win.
:-) agreed RT : #yummy :) RT RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
that's a good thing cause we love making music that you love listening to! Thank you for being open enough to lend your ear :)
There are certain things I hate about Seattle. But I'm glad I live here. I'll be better for it.
Wake & Bake most. Important blunt of the day
It's really amazing. I'm trying to get as much out of it as possible and yes, taking surfing lessons :)
RT : Coming up at 11:30pm - fireworks near the Statue of Liberty
Really need to get a life, way too much temple run
Howdy, and yes I am!
USGS: At least 124 aftershocks magnitude 5 or higher strike near Japan coast since major 8.9 quake hit on Friday #japan via
Minding My Business
Except eating wings from BDubs after...
you should have stuck to being a hurricane...
Having a fab time party @ W hotel
sort it out david cameron!.
Wow, what a week...time for
Played a GREAT gig @ Montreal Jazz Fest this past Sun with French-Canadian cats honoring the memory of Don Alias. Missed seeing McBride.
Cleaning up who I follow on twitter so it's more useful and fun!
I'm pretty sure I just saw , , and for $5 tonight. #notAprilFools Thanks CD101!
Start showing us your dream cars from the show! We don't want to play favorites..but you can!
Official numbers today: Attendance = 475 people. Awesome speakers about 35. Awesome ideas, too many to count!
RT Hey folks, just so you all know, I'm going to keep mistaking Gonchar for Karlsson. a couple of dandies... yes they are.
very very positive. and effed up. give yourself lots of time to play in there...
a big thank you to Eternal Ink for the sponsorship! Proud to be part of the elite. Follow me
It's amazing how some suspend critical thinking and reality when promoting to hero status
an old and in the way say hey thanks to Pittsburgh local artisan shop for being my 300th follower
the things you come up with! Lol x)
oops...ignore my last tweet ;/)
#EdCampSS <- SO excited! i'm bringing pretzels & water ice for all y'all
This is like riding through the city with the ocean in the background
Watch tonight on 2 Broke Girls! He's one of the nicest (and talented) guys you'll meet!
It gonna be a slow one today
The 2012 Miss Teen USA Competition will be returning to the Atlantis, Paradise Island for its 30th Anniversary on July 28!
emma and i just took a ballet class together for the first time in eight years. aw seesters dancing together. haha.
yup! Didn't you get the memo? No one else in the world is allowed to be horny now except you! ;)
BRO! you and your pictures are TUMBLR <3 get ugly bitch !
Yea I think so waiting for my manager to confirm da concert dat weekend u know we gon kill it!
AH THAT'S SO FUNNY! I want some cheetos now. Haha. Dang I miss you girl!
Your site<U+FFFD>s search engine rankings will dramatically improve with article writing
first time in 3 years, site tech glitch. our designer has the deets--standby; we hope it'll be fixed soon. meantime, happy friday night!
Pregnant with a burrito baby.
Yes, and the age factor. He has his whole career to launch.. could be interesting these upcoming weeks Molly!
Idc if i make it to the top, i just love making music
How about face painting, balloons and bubbles at your next party?! I'm super friendly, and fun. Only $80 per hour!!
That's Floyd is making 32 mil guaranteed & at least double that after everything else, watching free online myself
Especially proud today to be a female alumni of , alongside I'm in smart company.
In case you didn't know it already, rocks my twitter feed & melts my brain on the regular. If you don't know, now you know!
I'm gonna eat lasagna for cinco de mayo. how mexican of me.
If something looks like a bat curled up on the sidewalk, don't poke it. Because it is a bat (!) and bats don't like that.
hahhah I did! :D
haha - yes. he said she turned crazy pretty quick. stories are definitely welcome :)
So I heard Kian Lawley has a crush on lauren Cimorelli (;
Sometimes, the questions are more important than the answers.
i's 3 am in london </3 ihopeee onee day follows me ! #hopefully ..
"Were you born in a barn??" - "Yeah, maybe I was. I sleep in a construction site!!" - Radigan
is celebrating their 4th birthday. Guess that explains why I have 4 years of order history! :)
IDK my mom just went to work
they trying to charge crack prices for chicken wings until the super bowl is over..exploitation.. good for them
At Tillamook visitors center. Smells like cow.
Martin Bashir is a guest on his own show when Chris Matthews is on. Gotta love it.
. As I stood to leave the #BofA2012 meeting, I got my phone out, then bent over to pick up a piece of trash on the floor. When ...
Looks okay here.
a 24 year old millionaire ....
RT : Last day to enter #LGTurboWash & #LGTrueSteam for a chance to WIN a LG laundry pair & dishwasher!
"Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country" - JFK on
Great day for a photo shoot!
Hmm , If I Transfer To GHS My GPA Would Be High Af ! .
tell that to ....didn't sound to happy.
Are you doing your part for #ecomonday?
Please reply to my tweet: it is better to give than to receive! :-D
Ever wish life handed out "Do Over" passes??? Lol.
Oh, & happy friday everyone :)
There's a risk involved in getting involved.
One Rape
You rock.
thnks for the support
Tip of the day: If your brakes on your bike dont work then alls you got to do is wear shoes.
i should! (: i love them
Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Yes I do! Nothing wrong with coming in a little early!
Gotta go got softball practice tomorrow then game Sunday!! Gonna hve 2 pitch my butt off lol offline!!!!:) -anna
Happy rainy Friday!
Congrats dude! What an awesome step you both are taking in life together! wish you both the best.
it's worth the wait.
Ooh. Sorry, I hadn't realized.
I have no idea what to do with my hair!! I wish i had a hair stylist living with me
Good news my Great Uncle John is going to be ok for now!!! Wrong information that I got earlier!
Other Lives are on the stage at Amoeba. I'll be in the Industrial section after the show waiting for you and your friend to find me!
s'mores brownies sound awesome. Post your recipe.
Hey :)! I'm amazing & how are you ?
Urban's the coach, right? Doesn't take anything away from BYU's stability and winning. Good time to be a Cougar fan.
: US Directioners! 1D are raising money for the wonderful Great Ormond Street Hospital.
Would have liked to see the "sharks" at ABC's presentations. I mean...they would have paid their own way!
HS/HSL resources are currently unavailable for off-campus users. We apologize for the inconvenience & are working to fix this ASAP!
chill out!!
OCCUPY YAWKEY CENTER!
Loving Mac OS Lion!
See bitch now u cut up when im gone now wait until the 23rd
"get alone just fine" eh? easy there now
love you too boo! I'm hoping it will be okay /:
Hunger games at 10:40 with I think yes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks Cassidy for the #FF mention. Hope your week is off to a great start!
The Little Five Points neighborhood in #Atlanta is a lot like Portland, but with more humidity - and more diversity.
Thank you! I am honored to work with great people everyday and be recognized with this group of professionals!
Great day at apc...besides the fact that I was looked down upon !!!!!!!!!
are you Ni or did ni get her account back?
I would take of them for you !
whenever a young person says who is I cry a little.
Word! RT : I know that feeling.
I hate to sound like an ass, but sometimes you've got it… and sometimes you don't. So if you don't got it, let the ones that do shine.
haha, we'll be sure to keep your office warm. Maybe before we take off then.
Something I always forget. When data isn't transferring CHECK PERMISSIONS!
Your life did not change on July 23 because you didn't even know about them yet
a new strategy of focusing on their core business, which required
Hot Chocolate with marshmellows.
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth.-- Julie Andrews
we just total recalled a shot ...amd then had a heated conversation about last action hero being a legitimate movie
Sex in the air i dont care i love the smell of it.
Meetings, phone calls. Repeat ad infinitum.
My Tuesday feels like a Monday. I'm not giving my coworkers the satisfaction of seeing me cry. I will start cussing before I cry today!
for my roommate's sake, i hope it's the #Eagles. but if they play like they did last week, they may as well go home now.
Going into the fourth quarter with a trip to the title game on the line, Scott County leads Boone County, 16-14.
Will do. Feel free to contact her, 341-0831 too!
hi i hate skool do u
In search of vinyl goodness today--I crave colored vinyl 7-inches! A whole rainbow, please.
I'm joining in on the judging. RT : Dude with the zebra fur seat covers in your SUV, I judge you.
He saved our olympics and is a role model of success (personal and professional). #SLC seems to have something right.
Walked the hell outta some walkin' today. It was like driving, but slower and a pain in the balls.
Forced to wear a parka in my own dorm room but when you step outside it's 80 degrees.
He was careful to keep from Becky what it washe had seen
wanted to say I enjoyed self-effacing tweets more than self-promoting ones. Then I realized "self-effacing tweets" is an oxymoron.
we should talk to the teacher about stuff today . Ya know she might listen to us for once.
Can't wait till I graduate!
Have you attended in NAPA sponsored workshops or sessions? What have been your favorites and why?
NEEDED CHEERY FOLK! will be this weekend sharing LOVE story and selling merchandise message for deets.
okay gay boy
AWW THAT JUST MADE MY NIGHT.
Someone deleted all the pictures on my desk top. Who does that? WHO DOES THAT! :(
10 more minutes to go for tickets to Chili Cookoff. Don't miss out. Grab them at Popped! Republic at Farragut Square.
Just recreated this. MT Hangover breakfast of Coke and mac + cheese. There is a time for nutrition & it's not right now.
level of happy in conflict session is high & ironic & jeremy is big smiles iam a zombie
I'm in the studio working on my last 4 songs for my new CD. Anytime it's a Struggle remember there's. Blessing on the way!
hahaha right? Just wait till this weekend
lol... of course not. I know ur busy. Whenever u get a chance.
No longer doppleganger of Daddy loves Froggy...Froggy love daddy? (please tell me you've seen this movie)
Haha good job!
One the worst days of my life.. Get in from 12 hrs of hard labor and read on the bottom of the tv that DRose tore his ACL
can't wait for The Pretty Reckless' new album!!
I use that to implant hypnotic suggestions. When I clap my hands 3 times, they all stand up & chant "Praise Ocularis"
We're finishing it up as we speak! Would you be interested in being one of our Android beta testers in the next couple of weeks?
Blacklavender says its hot as hell today! Let me go back inside and drink this 3 liter pepsi!
so true!!
Struggles lead to sacrifice which is the hugging arms of gold.
If i wasn't waiting on one of these jobs to call me I swear I'll get my number changed.
Stepped outside to take out the garbage & saw a spectacular Moon-Jupiter conjunction.
can't believe I'm saying it, but thanks for being on
“: Am I the only one who'd trade Westrbrook for CP3?” I'd do that in a second
"Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. Was it worth it?"
Rangers game!
did you write tonight's episode? #bestepisodeoftheseason loved it! thank you for being awesome!
Lookig at th Indian Ocean in So Africa and enjoying the scenery for one last day here. On way back to NM tomorrow on a two day journey.
I CAME FROM NOTHIN
&& then this bitch was using an umbrella! Wtf!? It ain't raining!
": i hate when niggas look at my girl like they neva seen ass before" real shit tho.
song is on its way. Its goin on youtube
He who would leap high must take a long run. Danish Proverb
For my long trek to Detroit, (12 hours) I need to start compiling all the mixes, albums, blog posts and RSR review material now.
no for another class. That proposal is still die by the 9th afar as I know.
Most dOnt like me because I'm brutally honest... *shrugs* No one's sugar coding shit to me!!!
Blacks always have to hold a rally, scream, kick, and beg on their hands & knees for attention or justice. Zimmerman should be in jail!
#pbsDownton kindness, in Thomas?!
#healthcareworks because 62,846 young adults in Virginia have gained insurance through their parents health insurance since the #ACA passed
Miss the way you love me too much
How is the galaxy s2?
Don't call the $15 DOLLAR LOCKSMITH ?? It's a scam Actual cost will be 2 or 3 times Call Pop-A-Lock for a free complete quote! 503-241-4922,
You're fabulous! Thank you bunches! God Bless. :)
haha, I scared the daylights out of myself the other night with surround sound, lights off, & Dawn of the Dead on BluRay
RT New blog post going live in the morning - a delayed write of of the Archives and Society seminar on
relax. Go Spurs Go
Number two is in our antique catalog. #O #Trendy When a Man Comes to Himself...by Woodrow Wilson! Because these words are gold!
yeah it is, bc unlike gay, lesbian and queer it's a slur
WHERE MUH PARTY PEOPLE AT?
what did he do? Cooked intelligence on Iraq to start a deadly war, ignored 9.11 warning signs. What did he do? Please tell ...
It’s Volunteer Week! Thanks to the 2,434 Y volunteers that gave their time & talent last year. Special moments @ the Y happen because of U!
thanks for helping brotha !
OH i thought it was the UK one, never mind. Still wish my TV was working though
Back to work on heady tings wif " get a piece!"
Fall has arrived in Washington. Were any of you able to enjoy this weekend's sunshine before it vanishes? Send up pics
May is National Smile Month in the UK- Smile on! Cheerio!
Say My Name Say My Name He Acting Kinda Of Shame He Aint Calling Mhe Babyee
CW: Respect your crews time. It’s an industry. In gloss of social justice there is shame around being paid. Women demand.
Valerie...I did not receive your tweet...how can Le Peep help?
#TechDemo #LBSC642 Jing Ass. Pick a site (database, social, etc.) and display your fav feat. and how to use it., & upload to screencast.
Wow, Nada Surf on the radio.
ENG IV: Don't forget your typed rough draft for peer review tomorrow!
big head? Not me lol. Well that's good.
its been done before. Hope you feel better.
whatchin x games... bummed TP didnt hook it up
omg so bored,but its a good thing that someone started skyping me or else i would have died of boredness
Oh, for sure. Sweater vests are ballin'.
Awesome day! First Honors, Volleyball game tomorrow and First Holy Communion classes start!! :D
If you have problems, face them. Not Facebook them!
Wearing a hot pink coat today after being inspired by Cherie coat both and sported last night!
Anyone who is a director, producer, screenwriter looking for actors I'm available. I'm highly trained resume ready if you want one ;)
Things I notice on my morning bus ride 1. It's eerily quiet, 2. No one reads the newspaper but everyone has a kindle or a book.
yeah good point ..
Nerve pain, too. When in doubt about the pain's origin consult a qualified trainer, massage therapist, or physical therapist.
God should just start telling people to "fuck off" because nobody ever becomes a born again Christian when things are going well
Hope you carried your fashion plan forward....
That moment when you sneeze and the neighbor says bless you.
RT : Welcome to a new day. Take this time to settle into the moment. Just follow your breath.
Oh, gotcha. Definitely doesn't. And I don't think putting names at bottom gives due credit for all the work on data/interactive.
Sounded Like It To Me ROFLMAO! Bless His Heart!": Did he say "ignent"?"
You make my life crazy!RT : My life is crazy! :)
Dont forget the Winter Market on Saturday from 9-12 lots of eats
It's obvious that the #SFGiants bullpen needs to start drinking
Why is it every time I talk to you words don't come easy, but then you walk away and I know exactly what to say?
how funny would it have been if you did get a Friday school
I just purchased my ticket!!! See you tomorrow!
I'll see what I can do :)
Listening to and then he tweets.....weird :o
just finished filming the femalefriendlybusinesses.com clip on TriStyle Girls!
I'm lucky to have you in my life & you might not know this but I've liked you for a while now!<3 you're something else:)
Sometimes when I can't sleep I rub my body in Vaseline and slide around the house and pretend that I'm a slug...
RT : May all beings know that they are completely capable.
I'd personally drop SeaBass and pick up another K, he's not that much better than what's out there. Or drop Hardesty.
one word to describe today: homosexual.
"No matter what, no matter how, where or who - you can almost always turn around and get a second chance."
GREAT. hahaha xD o have you seen my icon yet? :D
haha one thing at a time. Im not no drawing machine! LOL you'll get it don't worry.
you keep telling me this isn't a game. so why are you still playing it.
Working Hard at Windsor
Sandwich Me In is now open for business 10-7 to try a delicious meal + learn about our commitment to sustainability
RT - Miami dolphins officially sign RB Larry Johnson...don't get it but I'll take a vet RB...
If you don't need access to the hardware, make your mobile app browser-based.
Lots of confusion all around. Is Nick Perry going to be playing defensive end or outside linebacker?
are you kidding me? Absolutely!
Hyatt Regency Atlanta, Official Host Hotel of Fiesta Atlanta 2012!
I wonder what was said at the Niners defensive meeting...
I deal with stress everyday, because I have to interact with people.
Thank you for this one also. Wow! 2 favorites in one day...1Heart
Sorry, thought it was a common expression. Really, it's about fixing problems you have with people, is all. Make things better.
At Seussical the Musical with :D
follow back its Marcello
awww. There are a few around, but mine's an OG
Can't wait for the new music video , ,,& :)
check your email
What I would do for an Inspector Gadget car right now
just remembered us talking upstairs lol good shit
ty very much. means a lot. how was PHX? u go to myst?
I hear ya. “: Good morning.. Late morning lol”
true fact: when two protected accounts reply to each other, they're treated as open accounts.
We have a winner in the contest for most disgusting #voyager list subject line: "Discharges within the last 5 years" Eewwhh.
she said she didnt see it but she about to see it now
Yessir, actually the second division of our company is an Ace Hardware/ Commericial hardware sales. Who are you working for now?
Who's excited for the Three Stooges movie this weekend? (Just seeing who I need to de-friend / unfollow.)
The juice has been squeezed, the cookies are in the oven and the coffee is brewing!! Happy Friday
I think good side cocky, that cocky that will help the def get pumped which is what our def needs, an attitude again
you can't listen to and not dance !!!
Welcome and thank you for following us
You bought a house? Congrats?
If U.S. #obesity trends continue, obesity-related spending could make up 21% of all health care spending by the year 2018. It's a pandemic.
Raleigh Radon is now a LEED Green Associate!
Ha yes. When we were dating nick told him about me and he found me,,i guess :p
We are not in Dallas but we still love watching J. R. !
I've got two: Serenity Now and Marble Rye
Just had the best night ever lol
Morning, keep grinding jack ..birthday weekend...how will it go no one knows...holla...
oh ohkay thanx and if I do get the email would I be able to go to the same class as my friend Eli Sera? of not it's ohkay
new icon, still trying to fix it tho..
yeah, probably not. -_- but we won last year, that's all that matters!
Would be rather playing his ukulele.
yeap i think so :))
Reaching into the corporate maze for the correct person for communication certainly reestablishes the ability to practice the word PATIENCE
Seriously?! No recommendations for Santa Barbara?? Surprised.
I can't even relax bc as soon as I say bye to micro, it's hello to this 8-10 pg paper and organic chemistry -__-
Up early in the morning going job hunting on foot....
in that case, you probably need to watch Thor too.
My life is a living proof that God is a loving God!
If you get a chance, go listin to she has amazing sound. super talented singer/songwriter. Shes got something 4 everyone.
Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face. It’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul. <U+2665>
Hey Alistair, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
so finals.... yeah, straight fucked on those.
MWAH! (I love that word :) Big hugs for a beautiful day doll!
By 's calculations, General Electric & I are both people. Q: How are we different? A: I just wrote a check to the IRS.
with da gurllz jennifer& RT I can't wait for the upcoming weekend :')
Call 503-241-4922 & find out what we can do for you today!!
DAMN THESE BITCHS GOTTA BE BURNING ALL THEY TALK ABOUT IS GETTIN N GIVING=NOT CLEAN
Michael Rennie was ill the day the earth stood still
-Hi Katori, I C hurt village ended its run 3/25. Sorry we couldnt do something for our grads. Lets be in touch for future events
#ff some people. Try to start and see where it goes from there.
yes, i'm predicting 84 and sunny. you?
Fans seem to like the idea of Kasey joining Lady Phoenix with and Diana! Awesome. Maybe guys? I love them all :) <3
same! I can't wait to read more!
Hell ya! : HOMER ORIOLES!!! They lead 2-1!!
thinks it's funny that people complain about the cold until it gets warm and they have something new to complain about.
again...i applaud adam lambert for standing up when others {like me} didnt have the balls to...despite the picket lines and condenment. t y.
yep! * goes grabs bottle*
what up girl(:
Yes! Looks like it is screening all night.
R U just working in a job or fulfilling a calling? I had that coaching conversation today!!
Wall Paper (thinking) Hm
Pujols: "I'm taking my talents to Anaheim ... I mean Los Angeles ... I mean Los Angeles of Anaheim."
Test time!!
C'mon, Sun Devil!
Ha! Well, I'll look for it but haven't worked for them yet. Future? Why sure...sign me up! :)
what you think about the packers clinching a playoff berth?
Awesome! I'm looking forward to your blog post and pics of the #GrandCanyon. I'm at T -22 days!!!
has swag for still wearing basketball shorts around the town
I had to turn on my air
All the other rock was gay !!!!
woohoo! Have a great Spring Fling!
nevermind, figured it out
Well, I still think you're hot ;-)
I was going to use her smile too...it's beautiful and contagious!
"Traffic clogs. This won't. The unstoppable. Titan toilet, by Eijer." This billboard is what I stare at all day. Gotta be a better view.
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
#trnewprocess another option for transcribing recorded audio is (integrated with )
um fast food career is in the future ....
Cate: I love the description!
Grillin some chicken. Happy Memorial day!
The service at steak n shake is terrible
Drawing.you?
Dear Lie Detector Lady in the Toyota commercial, You ain't that fine. -me
My husband just informed me that spaghetti is "bobo food".
I'd show them school ID, and they'd argue that an 18-yr-old could still be in HS.
crowd's going crazy right now for 's #ProfilePic feat.
Having Packer withdrawals...it's been a week since game day. Doesn't seem right we have to wait 3 more days to be 2-0.
[russell shorto] timeless, not tireless
my mind tends to be not all here and rather forgetful most of the time - I'm going to print the contract and scan it today!(:
Don't you mess with That #TeamButterface comment was completely out of line.
They say tha grass is greener on the other side, so I went over there and smoked that shit!
SHOVELING! All day long, all day strong.
aw! Well thanks!(: so are you!
we have the same birthday! Happy early birthday! I'm turning 17. :D
(Forgetting again to bring myself back to the dogs & the trail, I cut & fold these words to fit 17 syllables instead.
Discipline and hard work
remember the wallpaper is free
#AskObama 1. Discuss your commitment to children in Early Intervention. 2. Who can non-compliance with IDEA Part C be reported to?
Or type words correctly!! I'm done with Twitter for today.
Thanks for the shout out, ! I can tell the #taos speech went well just by the lingering buzz on twitter. :)
If you were a transformer you'd be Optimus Fine
not bad
no, US, but I can arrive and register as resident. Kid is EU citizen.
Happy Monday. Wishing all of you a prosperous and fun filled week.
“: RT this if you've been spat upon by <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>!”
Vancouver is gorgeous and what a great place for filming
it awesome not alone is probably my favorite song that he does!! Well his own orginal song. I love somewhere only we know.
FEBRUARY TWENTY-NINTH?? Impossible! How are you celebrating in the office (or class)? Any birthdays?
we brought and to
Question for authors: for a book advance, do you have to pay taxes on the whole thing, or only the amount you got after 15% commission??
Lol I say " oh crap " for every thing :) I'd do thumbs up but Idk how . Oh crap ! I need to learn . Oh crap ! Imma learn something :( yay !!
Thanks for the follow! Best, Matthew
beautiful legs!
Thanks for the retweet girl. Need a twitter lesson soon....
we should get #UncleDenisTheWanted trending! :) lol
OH: He's like, almost Medicare age
nice! i havent had that one
idk. you tell me!
Welcome New Friends! No different than a community garden a shared localized social hub helps us all promote local #Pdx Events Pass along
I had to choke a nigga out during Ellen Degeneres
We are deeply saddened by the tragic bus accident on #Indy's southeast side. Our hearts go out the victims and their families.
“: ": HELLO SUMMER" and hello dance.” Exactly :)
just not working today. Trying to update apps all I get is Error 13 and Error 100.
Watching the game through the #MarchMadness website means that fast action pays get choppy.
#blogchat not how I'd want to spend my life ;-)
That's what that is
OMFG I just remembered tomorrow iss the day... #Scared :I
what's that email again? :| lol
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie & you're a member of a minority & it was thrown at you by a caucasian, that's a hate crime
heading to home visits and listening to "car ride with Alli and bay" haha if only my car was headin to the lake
I can finally park a car/truck in our garage along with the motorcycles and mowers. Only took 2 years to get it all done.
i'm not excited for finals
Hands down, best concert I've never been to.
1,000 words to freedom. although i think i'm off to bed for the night to get up early to finish this biotch.
What am I doing? Just brewing some coffee in the lounge train car. Why do you ask? Oh, it's Ethiopian Yirgacheffe from Intelligentsia.
I need to get me a girlfriend before shit gets real......on 2nd thought...i dont know about all that...haha
Today is just not my day..
Thank you! Thanks much for the support.
Mfs Doin "don't like remixes" <<< Just rather listen to keef !
The NOLA Teachers Gathering may be postponed. Stay tuned & we'll let you know as soon as we get an update from Swan River.
ok. You didn't come to HSL?
electrical connector
Thanks for the exposure for !
I love when my puppy takes naps w/ me . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 33
sure why not...you have nikki to partner up with!
gonna check it out!
Sending some Mile High Magic your way from Denver. Good luck to you and tonight!
good luck boo :*
My goal-To go on the show wipeout before I die
I'm always too excited to sleep the night before...!!
Hey, look. Snow...in December.
If only they would read this stuff.
your a blonde too? :"D yay lol
Can you bedazzle someone's reputation? And is that a positive thing?
great insights at #bnchmrk abt millenials...so true that for them that "there's no offline"
My lips are sealed.
REMINDER: The submissions deadline for the next issue of SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! is Friday, August 13, 2010!
San Francisco, CA- Need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. (Casting Code A1)
lol and I told u we was gone beef it up! lol
Hello Rockers, i know U have 2b busy, same here. I was wondering if U received my last email? I think I have Big Hit Lyrics
"Arizona is backstabbing that's why I'm going to Florida!" -convo on the light rail
I don't think I can get one. I'm gone too long :(
I used to think I'd measure my success by having my own bobblehead. Then I learned you can have them made. Success is mine. In 25-45 days.
#weirdfactaboutme i'm a cuddler. i love to cuddle, but im also claustrophobic xD
are OCLC's "well-intentioned practices" report, the stereogranimator, etc. harbingers of a freer era in archival digitization?
are you going to teen hoot?(:
thanks. didnt have 2 testify today but will have 2 eventually when get to next trial. luckily went in n was excused n minutes.
Hi Jerry! Glad you like our Downtown Center so much! We enjoy having you as a part of our community!
You ever think does Tom from myspace be on facebook/Twitter and does da persons who made facebook n Twitter be on myspace lol
Guess what! I'm going to post a review today!!
man just got to da house cooling where the music
i keep bangin on u niggaz..finger on the trigger mane..WUTANG
Great service today at Great energy and music. Had fun playing drums with our new pianist Seth!
you da best
Thanks for the follow, Orlando. I will check out your website. Looks fascinating.
While they were a player or before? A Van Canuck?
follow me?(:
the Prayer Pilgrimage in Washington. Martin Luther King spoke.
Agreed. Hate I have to wait for the finale - stupid vacation. ;)
Yo wussup freaks n shit im playing this set in half an hour at zebulon.. Its free. Out eisenballs
thanks for listening man.
Congrats to UB's own Nina Gay for winning "Best Hair Stylist: Women’s Cut" for !
People still call people privately? Coulda sworn this was 2012.
cool. I still want to see a movie. I don't care how late it is
Thanks for the RT :)
...Pinhead will not shut up! -V
cant wait to rock out today at the stage - 4pm
do you just randomly tweet whatever pops into that small brain of yours?
I just with fell in love with One Direction. <3
Household Hazardous Waste Drop-Off event will be held on Sat, Apr 30, from 9a.m. to 2p.m., at the Polytechnic, Falls Rd and Cold Spring Lane
Need new roomates
He threw 20s at me, I feel like a stripper.
Hi Frank, I got your email reply to follow you here and just wanted to introduce myself.
we need to get a ceddy Nash interview
"Blue what you doing?"..."cleaning"..."spraying air fresher is not cleaning"..."im cleaning the air, freshening the air.
Great start to the season
see comment on blog.
#OomfNeedsTo sit down!
You know she's official, when it's unofficial & she's still loyal .
Jealous! where were you all 12 months ago during my LSE exams? :) at least I had
lol that shit always happens too me on FB n'shit, I be like wtf hold up, time out. im not s4s but they don't are at all.
i will interrupt more than your sleep next time
This revolution in the science of youth is made possible because of the intersection of bio-engineering technology and years of product
All stressed out and no one to choke.
Our newest releases on Beatport getting massive play right now: The Beat Chemist-Funky N Nasty ; George Centeno & Dj Tatiana-Beautiful Day
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
I laughed!
SHUT UP!!! is calling fans to say hello. that's frikkin awesome.
MCR... Is slit a throat for that gig...
Really? says "National Review w/out Derb is like Johnny Walker black without the hangover--what we've been fantasizing about."
Thanks for the retweet Mike!
You go girl! Love that you're doing this!
like 11 last night.
Thank you for the mention!
it's for the new menards store out by 65.
Great game MSU!
First bubble bath tonight in way too long. Please let there be a bubble bath in Africa! ;-)
My bad Im late but wahoooo!!! I watched the beat St. Paul Johnson!!
Oh boy, I'm stuffed!!!
"I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone"
Hi! I applied for the Sustainability Coordinator position, listed on the website on April 19th.
U go to church? Hm. Where do u go? RT Enjoyed church today...even more Enjoyable seeing Dallas Clark worshipping there also
Very welcomed! ... *goes to cuddle with Ant*
“: "Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future." (Paul Boese)”
Only 23 days till Thanksgiving! Get your holiday pie orders in early!
Oakland! I was in Hayward for it, but Oak-town's seriously my favorite city these days.
I'm sure your rates are great but unless you're willing to explode our brand with upfront work I just can't pay you right now :)
and beasted another workout They might transfer to Denver East to play football
Oof. Too early for that talk! “: - fabulous! I trust you discussed regression analysis”
Blowing bubbles at old farm day in Fluvanna.
rapin' my ES200 final then studying all day for primate.. so close to being done
500-1 odds on 'tree of life' for best pic. Put 25 bucks down. Anything but the artist
foolow me so i can dm you
and are the best big 3 in basketball right now
guess I'm coming too! Haha
Sometimes the only thing you can do is cry.
Thank you! =)
tis just sum crazy shit my x bf kimo is tryin to holla at me again wut should i do start let him ask me out again to the left to the left.
YES! (<3) RT I need to get off facebook and twitter and make this props and costumes list.
I know why loves me. I took his avatar photo. Don't worry , Joe still loves you. cc
“: Michigan became a state 175 years ago today. Happy Birthday Michiganders everywhere!” yay !
“ At the best place yuu qaould be at today #teamJesus”
Just got an email from a good female friend of mine who claims to be "killing it on the dating scene recently." Any idea what that means?
whole authorization thing has gotten out of hand, makes you not want to ring up another
I'm about 2 miles from one...heading there as soon as the oscars are over
you flip flop more than a fish... Thought you were
On my Monday hustle...
you name it darling
tears of the sun is such a good movie
Any advice about moving to Alaska???
THIS IS MY 2,000th TWEET! I meed to get a life....
You re an Old-skool-rat if u ain't part of any social network
With God everythings are possible
Making me laugh with the VDN love!! LOL....I'm a huge fan of your show!
Just sent in my "Eva The Bartender script" cant wait to hear the feedback! Worked hard on what my feedback was last time!
yeah u! And wuts dat dark box symbolize?
cool! Pass along the kit if you know anybody who might be interested.
lol well it's not just about yu sheesh
n'aww thank your for the #FF :') #muchaprreciated #BFF<U+2665>
UK baseball is #8 in the latest NCBWA Poll. So the Bat Cats are #2, #4, #5, and #8 in the 4 major college baseball polls.
I am about to begin an institute on IT Policy for Student Affairs Practitioners
is a great fit and will be a good addition. Lots of good brainstorming happened today - really excited! :-)
... and the bank is closed extra long because Easter? What glorious timing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Success should never be taken for granted. It can go away a lot quicker than it comes. Cherish it & keep working hard to keep it.
Dude...I can't remember the last time I signed into words with friends lol I do fail, I'll admit it
#oprah her email: . Looking fabulous in that pink dress. Wisdom just pours out of her!
I got a call across the sea that marked the end of summer...
From Soldier Field:Punter Tim Masthay tackled Devin Hester and saved a touchdown. Masthay is a first year punter from Kentucky
I hope I have time to bake today. I want to make a quiche from scratch and banana nut or zucchini bread.
Cynthia bold tonight I see.
it's songs like these that make me wish that i could carry a tune. singing like the stepsisters from cinderella <<<<
Feels great to finally be back in a real gym
I couldn’t have picked a more perfect place to experience a true tropical Hawaiian vacation for my first family vacation....
Dinner with my mom...maybe she can put some purpose back in my life.
#Nuggets doin work on the #Jazz!
Pegasus Sunday Punch {Bourbon, Orange Juice, Lemon, Lime, Mint & Sugar}
Hi there! Tks for the follow! :-)
Thanks John! Happy #Friday!!
I'm officially a #Trials ninja!
Because I'm a lemming when it comes to twitter... RT : Let's get the ball rolling on this
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....Christmas lights on 34th St, check it out
Announcement: We are opening for #311 and #SUBLIME this SATURDAY at RIVERBEND in Cincinnati!!!!!! 5 PM Start Time! Spread the good news!
i dont think so. Im trying to keep it a secret. Also her mom just lost her baby so she is having a rough time right now.
Come in & square off against the Chef. If you win, he'll buy you a Peroni.
Are people downtown retarded today? Garsh! Pay attention!
DAMN YOU visiting middle schooler who got that stupid One Direction song stuck in my head again! THREE DAYS IN A ROW NOW! NON-STOP!
Watched 's #AskABlackMan episode and are my fav with regards to dialogue
Heart can stop pounding now that reservations at Chez Panisse have been secured
If you have #voted or are going to #vote for let us know so we can add your name to the I voted list!
oh my god . i think i see a tornando forming. -____-
Review billing statements line by line to check for errors. Dispute charges that do not belong. via #Financial Basics Bootcamp
going to the mall by yourself is ALOT like going to a club/bar by yourself; pickup lines, winks...it's a meat market out there!
wat bout u :)
I can't wait each week to see your smiling face. Love seeing the fun you have on the set. Hugs to you and all the Fox Guys!
glad to follow #hugh fam! And hey, happy birthday!
My summer goal is to get abs like the girls from cheer athletics.
mostly after the rule was enacted. Again, not a perfect rule, would prefer not to have it, but it has made some difference
#EPL refs have been watching too many How to Ref in the #MLS videos
#ImThatPersonWho will be there if you need to talk even if we are in a fight or argument
Lol don't act like you ain't had that problem
Just convinced my mom not to go to work Friday or Saturday. Better safe than sorry.
The gotdamn dump trucks all ready out
Hello. Another record guy here at about 10,000 strong. Hope you doing well!!
Back in #MKE after the fun & sun at #SpringTraining with #Brewers. Glad I wasn't like #drew this morning who
You sure that's right? I can run that far in 35 minutes! Must be a typo
Where can I find excellent #movie #torrents?
Daedalus Books will be missed!
yes she did bt that chick deserved every bit of wat gave her.
for some reason I have a feeling every one is going to get 30s on their second dance.
Thanks for the RT!
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Navy & Black make a great color combo, despite your possible past misconceptions!
Hey friends, we news your help! Help us reach our 1,000 follower mark by RT and telling your friends to follow! Thanks!!!
i hope tomorrow wakes up.
“: Mrs.Coleslaw dragged me into the store Anthropolgie. It's a real life #Pinterest.” so true!
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
Heading out for a dinner featuring authentic Metro DC cuisine. Wonder what that'll be? Probably *not* a "half-smoked," but still tasty...
>_> all babies look androgynous
Be a fan of i am lol
what D:
Thank you Spencer :) RT : are you the true actress Teemaree
TY for ur RT abt this Wed's #DesignBizChat 10 am ET - All about Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed
Classic family movie night.
congrats and say hi every now and again
Oh shit I'm listening to "Stacy's Mom."
This new case is so sick
Walk the bases loaded one final time, I say! RT : No one knows if Wood will retire before the game or after the game, though.
my last day is next Thurs but have to come next Fri for senior breakfast! we have to hang out before I leave for college!!!
This is you RT : You need directions to build your Lego's?
Minutes left to catch: Vision Boards Change Lives See your goals and dreams before your eyes - southfloridaalerts.com
Hey there, (SimpleCEO), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I was sitting outside on my lunch break with my empty cup of coffee next to me and someone tossed in a quarter. MLINY.
I'm very interested in being nominated 4 ur wellness home initiative! Thank u 4 doing such a wonderful thing!
Now that we have internet, I can get on with my day. But first, lunch at PF Chang's, where food is 15% off today in honor of Tax Day. M.
Not drunk enough to handle this right now; not to mention people use me.. Ah well.
want more but I'm not in Austin! (wish I was!!)
Wisdom consists in knowing what to do with what you know
Thanks Matthew. It's hard to keep up with this stuff :)
In the pockets of Big Entertainment, apparently.
excited 2 b part of hyperlocal #socialmedia panel this Thursday in Leesburg. topic: How to hire a social media-skilled professional
nah, I just walked away
"Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart. I have truly enjoyed being your quarterback" -P. Manning
Send the moonlight to a friend. (via )
lucky! I should get a job :P
lol they better not!! she sounded annoying anyways :P
the muchies? Those are new to me. bahahaha.
I am down although with the caveat that I take my comps in April so I'm going to be in and out til then.
Follow you, follow me; thanks for making the connection, folks
Writing today. Editing tonight.
Headache and runny nose.. can't breathe.. help!
So ready for bed!!(:
you got a nice sense of ass in those khakis
well, these Jewels ain't gonna Factor themselves. Wait. This is not a math game. This is not my beautiful house!
Thanks, Tim. Yeah, but being 29 for 20 years is starting to get a little, well, old.
My drama class was too funny today, can I just go back to it or?
parade over, dang it was only 2 and a half hours :o its usually longer but oh well it was fun :)))
Kyle, *bright and vivacious* is an apt description
Sorta late...night is young!
nice quote!! Wondering when Internet will shake up China's regime since Chinese gov seems to have more control on the Web
It seems like they all are these days. But even if not, sign up is free and easy for them.
that's not fair! Ticketmaster sucks!
Ok question...Which place has better milkshakes...Chick-fil-a or Steak-N-Shake?
Roses are red, Violets are blue, The sun shows their beauty, But true beauty is in you.
I suppose you got part of your wish.
And this is why I followed Tim Tebow since he was a Florida Gator! He's an amazing person and player!
I haven't slept yet
So all of you people who call me a hipster can go fuck yourselves because I make shit all the goddamn time.- Joseph Gordon-Levitt
When ur best isnt good enough <<<<<
Can we dedicate a day to doing drugs and scouring as many books as we can get our hands on?!
Just came all the way up here and my appointment is tomorrow.. wow omg , today sucks /:
Divided We Fail: subject of today's regional forum. We'll be discussing #equity & #comm_college completion rates in LA County.
Today Phil's Friends is hosting 99 Chicago Public School Students at our office who pack care packages for our patients
Hello! Can you please DM us with your first & last name, as well as the date you won? Thank you!
10/5 Soup Special: Shrimp Chowder with Apple Smoked Bacon & Shaved Green Onion
I'm gonna make you a mixtape.
mrs jones, can suck on deez nuts.
only a day away.
#DiscountedCandyDay is Awesome!!!:)
it'll go 6 or 7 I'm not worried... Yet
Thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Lynch of for allowing use to coordinate their #clientappreciationevent. What a success!
Fuck. I can't get it to work!!! DX I even tried deleting apps, but NOO!! I'll try turning it off then back on again.
And he has no clue the the tears that fall are because of him..my bestfriend<\3
Bummed to miss both you!
yea Blake is special needs
Lol me and jr like last time?
yeah I don't have a problem with her lol she's cool
... Did Raul go over?
lmfao , what if she finds out you did it ? :O
#mahonefact Austin loves funny girl, cute, has a sweet smile n beautiful eyes :)) ME AUSTIN :D
dude miss u right now man, we need to chill like fucking son.
Is everyone disgruntled today?
My #NATITUDE is briefly extinguished with the L but the #Nats still won the series and still lead the NL East!
RT "Producer & I are proud to announce that is a finalist , screening next week!"
Getting ready to do sound check in NYC with guitarist and designer
yes yes yes. should be doing a mailing this week.
HA HA!!! Can you spray tan?
Many designs are unique but that doesn't necessarily mean that they look good. The GSIII just doesn't.
chutney is traditionally served with samosas
$50.00 OFF Jan Marini Skin Care System ! With purchase of Series of Enzyme Glycolic Peel. Call today for a FREE consultation! 687-0778
According to my mother 10:30 is "almost lunch time"
Oh my god, someone entertain me before I die. K, thanks.
And we're back! came from ‘Way Out Here’ to the beach for PB! Are y’all ready to sing to ‘Beer On The Table’?
RT : Congrats Caldwel Van Riper. 2 Gold Addy awards for Indy Connect, including Best of Show.
ALL LOCALS GET IN FOR $5!!! 2-1 DANCES ALL NIGHT
Gotta call from my bro good to have u back in Pac kidd
I have a delicious muffin you might enjoy.
I'm DJing tonight. Word has it, I'm going mainstream for all the bachelorettes in the building. I got some bangers in store though:)
Panelists are testifying on "Changing Norms Within Families, Communities, and Systems."
Are there any other Idol must sees?
crossword puzzles are too easy. Then again, look who reads the Red Eye...
what's up bro you said to hit you up for not details about getting on stage...
We're looking for golfers who want to make a difference! Visit www.actioncoachforsuccess.com/golf to learn more.
I am throwing a local show in Los Angeles, CA so we can start printing. Any bands out there down to play?
WOW!!!! I JUS HAD THE BEST _________ RITE NOW
RT #fordla Loved the show-- congratulations to all! Innovative, engaging and physical. Great stuff.
Let's go HOUNDS.
Today's BTU inspiration: "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings
you don't have one.
The student speaker Doug Luffborough I blew Clinton away Northeastern, '92
I just threw up in my mouth. RT : i shudder to think of a pacers-sixers eastern conference final.
coming up a sit down with Kidd.
Honored to be included in that group. Thanks for all you do, Susan! Have a great week!
ewww took a liquid instead >.<";
So who is partying in the infield? How's the scene with all this heat?
is at the AFP548 event.
did u see that td boo
NewYork or Disney?
boringness follows me every where:/
thanks brother! How's the ankle healing up?
:) of course! just let me know when & I'll be there :D
youll get there soon young one<U+263A>
some peoples twitter is getting hacked, meanwhile I`m juss here like it`s not gonna happen to me. Now my Tumblr gets hacked and I`m leaving.
love dis man..
I wanna go out and have an adventure. <U+270C>
people in line near me at the grocery store talkin bout how much fatter ppl in the suburbs are
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
haha nice! Kansas is gonna have a hard time against the unibrow... That dude is sick
When follows me I will be known as #Miniwinner, #WINNING, much like #Stunting, is a habit!
ehh maybe not, i don't have money to spend there anyways haha
#BioShockInfinite has been delayed until sometime in 2013. Plenty of time for me to go back and play the first two again.
mayhem rocks!!!!
So....the entire 59th st subway station along the 4, 5, 6, N, Q, R tracks is filled with thick heavy smoke from a burning building above.
cool, I actually did get the one you were talking about and replied to it, you must not have gotten that one. I'll send again now
Just got hit in the face by a door. Wow x.o
I love just who you are, I ain't gon' try to change ya. You are a shooting Star, That's why you are my favorite
reese witherspoon's dress looks like a barbie gown. also, her hair is a hot mess.
It's the taste level of the Under Armour brand that contributes to this. Give me the Nike 7 on any day.
27 credits down, 15 to go.
Getting used to making marketing calls thoughh!
Thanks!! Just landed. Will keep you posted! Xoxo
touring thru NM at the end of march and thinking about chai from and mac n cheese from
i am glad u are happy mami
My dad forgot to plug in the fryer. That's why it wasn't working!
“: “: Future ft Snoop Dogg. Homicide” #myish”
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 6
I want to go back to when i was little. Everything was so great back then.
Sad you got eliminated, you are awesome! made a mistake. Can't wait to buy your album
yeah that could of also been the problem lol
Get High...I'm Releasing My Official Single Today @ 2...Free Download
I met Rick story
“: I wanna see that new show #beavisandbutthead xD '” New? You fail.
I love my Trini's I swear we stick together no matter what. Follow respect Trini Massive we run tings
If love hides behind every corner I'm def walking around in circles.
Happy Voting Day!
It takes a real indivisual to understand how to keep it REAL ..#RemembaThat!!!
was recently reminded that luck comes from the convergence of timing and preparation
-- hey thanks for the tweet big guy. Will the Gronkster be okay for the SB?
whenever i am craving some juicy gossip i always go right to you guys! u guys are amazing..keep up the good work! :)
Hello, Friday. You are always welcome around these parts.
haha, not really. just wishing i was more interesting these days.
RT : How do you feel about airline fees like Southwest's new $10 EarlyBird boarding fee? Send me your thoughts.
Top runners now making the turn at Picnic Point. No word on our leader is.
Do you sell telecom products & services? Would you like 100% of the profit from your customers? Call us on 0844 880 2010 for details.
Day 1 at the gym was a success. I'm ready for the intense workout tomorrow.
So was the surprise that he was performing on the voice...or the release date...or the surprise hasn't came yet?
I know, but Ed was an undergrad teacher of mine, so I'm just paparazzi'ing the book. Bauhaus Uni. Hi from Berlin
my bad didn't knw u wuld want to come
#Thanks to all those that made the first week of #ChicagoSoupCompany a success - we completely sold out of all product this week!!
I hate ppl think your tweets be about them !! #Watchout , you ain't that special
Thanks, love the exhibit!
Thinking about generic tree structures and templates instead of class/genre specific moves and playbooks
They keep tryna make me take a shot called. "Vegas Bomb" should I?
check you out! Me too! Haha. Good motto
here's the kicker. They're cucumbers. Not pickled. But the others are great. And sando is spot on
I'm looking for law firms that are doing a great job with LinkedIn - Any recommendations? If you are on LI, what is your biggest challenge?
did...did you...change your...icon?
My last day was Friday ! Yes ! Feels good lol
Where are you? Cause I've been there...Pump it Up?
u looked surprised when said BITCH :]
hey can u do meeh n a favor?
A confident person eats out alone and goes to the movies alone!
My SuperShuttle is listening to Win.
um im lost...in kentucky
We shared a shot of Jack in Madison, WI in 2008!! Hoping tomorrow night in MKE at your solo set we can have a repeat?!?
Nothing better than presenting an interaction on a call, and having everyone go O like Wade just dropped the game winner
Yes I wrote it last week. I did peruse Open Cover Letters too. Thanks!
lol idk bro. I gotta think.
so who's #ironman? and yeah I think you're the hulk lol
^.^ I'm proud! Now come home so you won't miss the next party...!!
Why does my tummy feel like this?!
yes! That's why I said it. :p
YES the 1st Amendment Party but also check out NPR's Party at the Gibson Guitar Center first
Sharing my plan for creating #jobs at the SD EDC mayoral forum.
At the summit, we will have a faculty comprised of Mike Michalowicz, Nell Merlino and Michelle Villalobos. They will gather periodically...
And the angel said unto him, "Stop hitting yourself." But low he could not. For the angel was hitting him with his own hands.
We are rockin tonight , lovin your jams :) :) :) ! hope you are enjoying mine . thanks and happy holidays !
Hahaha alright, well you should try one of them then!
Social media tip for businesses: Interact with your audience even on the weekends. Five minutes a day will build engagements and connection
I might be the most responsible drunk, as I am ironing my clothes for work tomorrow.
#mystrangeaddiction So disgusting!
RT : Q2 : Where would you travel to have your special travel moment? What would it be?
I found a few ants in the kitchen this morning. Thankfully I had some Terro liquid bait. Best product I've used hands down!
I'm as bored as a fat kid with a plate of carrots.
If i meet at warped tour I'm going to start crying and hug him super duper tight<3
we're back in full force from our hiatus. new flavors coming soon!
LOL! Hey you should have come here on Friday, I bought everyone shots. You always miss out
RT : Submit and He'll do the impossible! :-)
Idk what's worse: a Cat Lady or a Woman who feeds the pigeons at the park. Hmm
one that doesn't permit ppl like you :)
No man’s knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Calling my mom betty randomly >>>
sounds like someone else we knoww hmm
Amazing band name of the day: Evil Panini.
A great Movie. Jude Law was funny in that. I watch it a hundred times.
This is why I don't like dating people
"Nothing is in good taste unless it suits the way you live." -Billy Baldwin
thank you am very friendly like your hugs ;)))
I wonder if Austin's hair is soft.
Just saw the lucky one..it was so good and really hit home on a lot of issues today!
Why do my children insist of doing what I've told them NOT to do 100 million times a day? There should be a pill to prevent that!
#InstantTurnOn: football or baseball players.
what good brah
I despise horror movies, so i won't be joining you in that, but have fun! muahahaha
Do you use Sunday's to relax or to get prepared for the upcoming week?
Thanks for sending the link. Great stuff!
although i am a little disappointed in the form factor man I encourage u 2 take the plunge the 4S is nice & it feels new again
Hey baby
Balsamic vinegar, xtra virgin olive oil, fresh-squeezed lime juice, a splash of white wine, rock salt, fresh-ground pepper. Yum!
Movie chasing. A couple of blockbusters slated for production in 2010 might film in ABQ!
so excited for the weekend...I need a lay in!
Will Richardson says that it is up to librarians to help keep the love of learning alive in kids-help them 2 tap into their passions
Let's roll some #PaperPlanes for this game.
RT : Many thx to for putting on a great conference! Pleasure meeting new faces and sponsoring the After...
those look A LOT better than the last ones.
How are all of my news stations talking about mundane things when there are riots going on in London? Internet is a far superior news source
And another #ff to Thanks for the retweets & mentions!
Scholarship recipients will be notified TODAY! watch out!
Check out our new page and let us know what you think! P.S. One month 'til the opening of our 2012 season!
I know it frees up a lot of time. I think its a matter of time before it explodes
I'm hungry AF
a little hunger games, then quality pillow time.. today was such a long day, and another one tomorrow.
Me: We needa get some coke Maggie: what kinda coke Bro *sniff sniff* Hahaha Me: like drinking coke :)
My little brother graduates from MSU tonight!
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
In a lot of ways makes sense. People spend a lot more time on social then home pages.
soundtrack scream as Scully finishes her joke, removes sunglasses.
Tht was a short tribute but I loved it....now here come the pink Barbie messing up the flow
Matt forte got the bitch runningback
Couldn't make it to #12ntc this year, so I'm joining virtually today. Looking forward to the sessions!
Thanks for the follow! I'm excited to exchange insight and ideas on here.
Humble yourself before the Lord and He will lift you up
Reminder to attendees, tomorrow is deadline for making hotel reservations @ conference rate. Protip: check non-conf rates, too!
Thats true homie we dont even no if is going to happen though if you know what I mean?
Spending the #f After party in a car back to Dallas. What was your favorite band today? I LOvEd !! Hands down!
BIG congrats to , Maestro Riccardo Muti & entire for recently completed & triumphant tour of Russia & Italy
Thank you for being awesome - satisfied customer
Met with a Project Manager and Digital Marketing experts today... things are going well. BELOW THE BRIM is on the move
LUNCH. Phew.
Studio Packages Available @ Platinum Room Studio! Recording & Mixing... Inbox for info!
I have a hunch there is a flaw in Twitter usability, when I constantly find myself switching back to the old layout, just so it will work.
WTF THERE'S A SPIDER IN MY REARVIEW MIRROR TOO!
by the by!? You guys partying your faces off or what?!
u can txt me if u want
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier
he is a fine man. He could talk to me and I would melt. MELT. I'd put on heels for that man.
I'm so freaking tired of this. It's making me insane.
Yo gets out of a bases loaded jam! 76 pitches through 4.
Live, love, laugh because we only go through this life once. Make every minute count.
have a great day, too!
The People have spoken,... And We Have Taken Our Country Back....!!!
the music or the 'condiment'?
am I allowed to say that?
Nice to meet you Sarah!
At breakout session-What does authentic assessment mean?
Brunettes vs blondes message me who is better
no problem man
That Jawn Crazy *in my reese voice*
Awesome! Makes the challenge well worth it.
“: BHO will have more flexibility after the election, no worries....Not!” flexibility head up ass kiss by
RT my life is gospel and my music is me...!
Just saw that you'll soon be joining us in the Emerald City -- excited to meet a Twitter friend face to face this summer!
Who's been by to see our new art exhibition, Forces of Nature? We'd love to hear what you think of it!
Forgot how damn redeeming the Replacements can be. Grooveshark has to be the best La La alternative
My Favorite Female Artists: Ellie Goulding, Adele, Skylar Grey & Tegan And Sara...
Shit. Just. Got. Real.
Go by today and tell them I (Gloria) sent ya for 20% off your purchase! The roses are GORGEOUS!! You need #freshflowers!
take on me....*take on me*
Follow me back?
HRResourcePortal.com = HR Vendor: $10 per month, minimum 3 month listing. Your Company, URL, Email link, 80 word description, searchable.
and you know I'll keep pushing you all until I see you where you belong.
Doesn't it hurt to see me now? #sucksforyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Yeah Leyland! Leave him in for another batter, won't you?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts. Actin like its tha best label and shit. Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit
RT : "Once you go through it you'll believe it, and you'll never give a woman more than you want her to leave with."~ budden
I'm LOLing at my friends who want me to pick them up from Churchill right now
yes we do. We are home every evening and off Saturday and Sundays...let me know.
Childbirth classes help inform pregnant women about risks/benefits of being induced, but there is decreasing attendance in the US.
The Iconathon is all about creating symbology for the world we want to live in.
Hurricane Irene has passed through my area. What did it do? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
At least you got a phone. Stop bitching about everything.
Just added to the #wfx expo floor SKB Cases
": Real estate in Brooklyn allow #bklynfood scene to afford kitchen space + storefront. Where's that in DC?" / mt.p pls?
I can be the king and you can be the queen
Looked in the mirror and saw Joe Pesci. Just ate a Snickers and I'm back to normal. *phew*
ONLY 45 MINUTES FROM ATLANTA AIRPORT
I wanna settle down, quit bein so flirty.
Just beat Gary, Mike and Paolo in 9-ball. Easily.
is there a correlation between sanity and network bandwidth?
welcome back!'
I hate you BABIP
I just spent 160 dollars on groceries. Eating in forever
random event of the day covering RG3 in NYC...I ran into Gilbert Arenas...he wouldn't give me an interview though...damn!!!
"....the underrepresentation of women directors is a national issue." You know, I actually don't get that sense in Chicago.
Wow Rinaldi is a goon.
Who up?
Academic lectures or popular talks? (E.g. some of CS Lewis' apologetics books began as BBC radio addresses)
And now the family is gone and I am all alone again with baby. It's kind of nice but super sad.
Hey I love the striping pic of ya lol I wish I was there
Bitches ain't shit but they ain't saying nothing I beez in the trap!
My dad (64 years old), said he has not yet reached his peak in life. Now THAT is an entrepreneurial/optimistic/confident outlook. Love it.
The Betsey Johnson store on Melrose Ave. is closing down. 40% sale
just dropped "bootylicious" destinys child- wow, and they loved it!
because you are gay?
#WhatIWantThisSummer is the same thing as always: to make a million dollars and get skinny. I feel like this is my summer.
Roach just wants that pay day.
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided not to trust me and trust a shit talker...
RT Did an interview abt social media tdy and confessed sometimes (like tdy) keeping up w/it makes me feel overwhelmed. Right?
Perspective - Foreign markets account for 73% of world purchasing power, 87% of it's econ growth, and 95% of all it's customers
Best thing about Saabs is that they are, well Saabs and nothing else.
I'm watching Gothika and am not enjoying Gothika.
using the word worst for worse is worse
so sweet bless<U+2665>
that message I just sent >
your game is sick man! keep it up and you'll an all star in 2 years. I'm sure you'll dunk on Lebron or Wade in the playoffs!
16 more days til new album #Fortune is released ah its almost here yay!!!!!!!!
“: Seriously the trending thing is getting really annoying .” fereal honestly it has a point somtime but sometime it dont:(
What time does Dilliard's New Years Day sale start in the ATL?
why you not at school?
surfing... Truss!!
": Everything you ever told me was just a lie."
but now all these dumb bitches are up on my TL...lol jk
Blue Bloods On dvd What U See
When I'm in clinic it's my FP clinic so all is good, I'm talking about when I'm on the floors doing my inpt. surgery rotation.
On a roll developing ideas/syllabus for my summer teen internship program. Super excited!!
Um no Etta James? What.
We'll be playing LoseMyNumber's farewell show on March 4th at Mojoes! Come hang!
follow us
When your legs get weak, run with your heart <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> late gym sesh
Who wants to join the Bobby Petrino motorcycle club?
that's beautiful! and i've been good. i finally saw my Red Hot Chili Peppers <333
RT : But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. Ephesians 2:13
Once u stopped giving a fuck it's hard to care again
you used to
Great given the limited time you had. Marche & Turkle didn't seem interested in representative data. Fringe cases are sexier.
Good morning world
thank u for guest moderating #legalchat today! Have a great weekend! cheers!
Yeah. I didn't know that at first.
At the City's budget discussion with students. So far, city officials outnumber students.
u know... germany haz nothing fun 2 do...
so-so. i feel sad. whats your name?
I've never even driven the one I have now...
drive to orlando today.
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Getting ready for a party! Gonna catch up with some old friends
just put me on a new game <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Well duh, the OKC Thunder are a better, more complete team. Erbody knows that. Those black hipsters can BALL.
Only cuz I'm high #cloud10+
Holding on....
Chronicle's been making an on-line mess for a while. Half-baked blogs are not the same as serious editorial content.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you!
love what Paul just said about NOT wanting to run anything.
thanks, looking to do more events in the future
There is a large contingent of Norwegian architects touring our office right now (cc )
Did I just watch Ike open the button and Nanoko fold A8 in the BB?
Gotta favorite that shit to remind myself not to hurt this little girl
Was told I look thinner today! #daymade ;P
6/11 11:35 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
I just wrapped my show this weekend. #thatweirdbittersweetfeeling THE UNDERPANTS has closed.
good as long as you don't look like this girl...stumbling n buckling all over the place - and she's sober!
Bike rack on bus frozen closed. Solution?
Corned Beef is awesome.
So can we finish what we started, don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight
lol me too! I need to feel the birthday spirit...haha
He also has a Twitter account. And a bad haircut.
Myy dadd called me .. kind of made myy night :)
did you say im a shit talker?
Live show tomorrow?
awesome! On the countdown. Look forward to your session, Jeff!
Aw—I used to love those! That's where I learned to write a check. RT : At junior achievement!! these 2nd graders are so cute!
Edcamps are place to meet, learn, reflect, and ideally improve.
Happy mothers day to the married moms, divorced moms, and the widowed moms. Yall are so amazing don't forget it! Thank you for all you do!
MMMMMAAAAACCCYYYY!<U+2665> yay, you have a twitter. (:
already wide awake
Rosa bound with big brother..happy mother's day to all da mama's out there <3
Good Morning!!! Don't forget to smile today!!
#oomf -- One Of My Followers
How goes it my friend?
its a great day! the rain cant stop me!
Someone told me I was lucky I had Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma- better than breast cancer- funny thing I was set to die both times.
That's funny
Back in ATL (my 2nd home) for Teen Wolf
Hey, there is Hot-sex, Group-sex, safe-sex, phone-sex, speedy-sex, crazy-sex and for people wid ur face - NO SEX!
Good thing me and each have a friend now!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Also just noticed the oxymoronic/simply moronic nature of declaring something 'free pre-paid!'
Please take pity on me. Although I've been fist pumping to the music samples this evening... I'm not going.
i don't know but I can't wait till I find out.
Too early to pull out the Sharpie???
Recording music video day 1 over at 2 am what !!!
leaving tomorrow, back on 7/29, staying at Royal Sonesta Hotel
beware of the Best Frontcourt in the NBA: Melo, Stat, Chandler
My toe hurts.
No, sadly in Milwaukee doesn't have Not sure if they will in the future.
You like someone you can't have.
But have you had the Momofuku Milk Bar cookies with cornflakes?
OJS Review Forms build survey monkey-like features into the peer review process
haha you know I get that B-roll! I made him look good!
Actor? Writer? Director? Sports fan? Follow Michael Forman, talent manager I assist
Yea! Glad you came is on the radio :)
Really looking forward to NOT writing checks for tickets, fines & bills for at least the next six months.
STALL: I-84 eastbound @ 53rd, on right side
#hawks up by 11 @ New Jersey.
schneiders on capitol hill?
An inspirational story and great restaurant. Don't forget also a Cyrus alum!
My mother ALWAYS forgets me at dance. -.-
": tea c:" best drink in the world!
Horrible sightlines RT Too many seats. Crappy views : Tix mkt for Final 4 worse every year. domes=failed strategy
HELLO EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT DAY THINKING OF U HUGS
Wait Is it that easy for me to get you over here? We need to discuss you visiting. And yes, this will be in SF. Mark your calendar
OMG!! RT : The worship band at this church has a keytar.
hasn't written a blog post in a while.
thats all that matters!
your just too hot!
cant wait until i see at rollerjam tomorrow <3
Calling my shot #Lakers lose tonite #Nuggets 105 to 103 after game #KOBE announces retirement.
Kinda like a mosquito? Ya know? Really irritating.
ok, this Gritty Goat video is finally coming to life! yes
Good morning friends and happy President's Day!
Hello Christian, love your html5 work. Do you know someone who can design a purely htlm5 (three.js) e-commerce site? Best, gregor
Bethesda wins Grand Prize in Restaurant: Fast Food!
Our phenomenal student panelist Sgt. Michael Rave USA
didn't even know that existed, you made my day.
Happy 14th Birthday i hope it's great cause you deserve it <3 :)
starts snowing the second I arrive in Boston....figures.
Very impressed and thankful how all communicated via twitter. Only way I was kept updated!
sweet! thank you! xo from ATX
Amen sister the best time of the year for both sports
thanks for the support and follow I love your bread on a philly steak or a french dip oh so good check out
Later on today :3 Catch me in the gamer room upstairs.
General Assembly Square in a few mins.
As you speak the words I AM you are increasingly anchoring your place in the Universal consciousness.
All weekend bring your "unwanted shoes to El Borracho (22nd & Locust, downtown) to send to Haiti through soles4souls. get free appetizer!
Idk but he's jammin right now dude
Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football
Welcome to Cincy Kirkpatrick
"The Fresh Price of Lexington!"
Wow. Now all you lack is Lola and the apartment will be perfect!
#711 You got... We Found Love by Rhianna :)
Happy Birthday!
Hang around with a horse for a day. It will quieten you down and change your perspective. Just grass, water, dirt and sky.
Started smoking again because food cravings are HELL
16 yrs ago today, God gave us our Jake. Conceived after a Tubal Ligation; extremely rare! God knew how much we would need him. Thank you...
One day, Thundercats will rule the world.
Happy Delaware Day, everyone!
i bet you can handle yourself pretty well on a softball field, you should come play with us!
Hii! I'm doing great! I've been judging a few pageants lately..very fun! I did see u came to Chicago. Hope u had an amazing time
And this.
Until you are willing to die to live, you'll be dying to live as the living dead.
writing 1st correspondence of hopefully many 2 my new jail boo- what font should I use? Need one that says sexy dangerous but not desperate.
we play Colleyville Covenant. Lost to them by one early in district. Our only district loss so far.
glad she followed me:)
Happy Friday everyone! Enjoy your weekend.
I'm playin bball with him now he didn't get arrested.
Haha, no doubt. I'm enjoying this duck meltdown. RT let's ride a duck
wherever she went I hope she doesn't come back
What's a good restaurant in #Vegas with a great cheese platter?! This chick needs to get her wine & cheese on!
tomorrow is my lay day at the gregg!
SEXUALITY & SPIRITUALITY BELONG COMPLETELY TOGETHER....can't stand folks that try to separate the 2....lol..
4 words: Chardonnay Apricot Iced Tea
Study some history #Santorum. Sanctions start wars!!!
It's ALL settled... the birth certificate thing AND the woodchucking. Similar in importance, don't you think?
The Right is WRONG!!!
agreed from outside the Boston area
Glenda- I love your Mom's story!!!! She's such a good story teller!! I'll pray she'll find her angel!!
Tomorrow night - Busters BBQ in Lakeway, TX - solo acoustic show @ 7pm!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when I'm frantically looking for my phone....that's in my hand....
The conference went well, everyone wants us to do more for small businesses at Talkbiznow.com
Love the Mac & Cheese & the grilled fig & cheese sandwich.
#wheniwasacrab my class made history n the Marching 101 went to the Honda B.O.T.B
Pantera was a perfect choice for the sound track to a frustrating commute.
........a team of talented assassins with one objective.....
You're a hero to nature
Having way too much fun with my new Wrangler. I'm a truck guy now, how did that happen?
Higher Education has to embrace the Internet, and all of it's new technologies, such as Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter.
Being outside at this time >
i <3 games!
Well we see we still have the same officials.
rofl is that jamba juice?
I was okay for a short little moment.. then the needles came backk, this time not poking, but stabbing.
And welcome to TVITTER!
Never been this pumped to have homework. I'm that much closer to getting the job!!
and about to talk about no budget, low tech, high impact ARGs at #LSCON it's going to be a good one!
bsu's don't get that close haha
Great question. I'll ask around.
I Love My Life!!!
lets practice all week!
I don't think I will ever underestimate the very human need for love and acceptance.
HOBO FEST ! There were hobos everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
there are litteraly 15 more tweets every 2 seconds when you are following 365 people
I have the worst ADD ever. I just keep dancing in my chair instead of writing this cover letter.
. Love to come on weekly. I enjoy this show. It has some fun to it which is up my alley
What a restless night I had. Smh
at Fox but of course will be back toward glenwood by the end of the night.
I think it is kinda good. Try different brands and flavors
no texas dates?
Talking about boobs
You know, these HR hitters, once they develop a swing its tough to alter, but not to BUNT to help the team is in-excusable
roller rink in the city? Of course. That is a northwestern Ohio staple!
Searching for things to eat in my house lol
Has anyone received their mandated pony yet?
the time has come for my dreams to be heard.
u little bro hope you're being realy sexy and playing hockey sexy
Merry Xmas eve everyone :) Esp my love . Xmas is complete because of him <3
I mention that our print culture textbook has a chapter on Harry Potter. Two students high-five over the head of a student who facepalms.
SAY IT ONE MORE TIME!
The Bad Girls of EyeCandy Fashions has just stepped in the building!!#kisses*%
90% of my friends got better looking... Thanks instagram
haha that's rough...sorry to hear that...
Rft“ LA, you are OKC's bitch until further notice.”
George harrisons voice makes my heart melt <3 tehe
The best is yet to come,
What has two wings and a halo? A Japanese phone. Wing, Wing! HALO? You know I love the asian race but I had too lol.
it is! I hate it haha
Have you watched Ken Burns documentary on Jazz.It's a great start. Amazing!
Happy things are cleared up. (in my kyra voice) Because i'll jump up to 6'2 I fight all sizes lol.
nothing but professionalism! haha
I will be watching on tv. Good luck tonight. Hope it's as good as last night #neverdisappoint :)
Wonder if I'll win an award!
It's lunchtime, it's getting hot out there & we r only few people away from the first 50 RT 2 get those followers & u may get free ice cream
Let's go home and draw the curtains.
i hate not being able to watch Sport Center. i feel funky if i do not watch it like 4 times a day
Is there more power in David Wright's pinky than the Phillies' lineup?
2 exams today...then 1 exam from the depths of hell left
couldn't make you stay...
hopefully there will soon be those guys who are perfect nice sweat and more
The smell of my handsoap reminds me of summer
GA Gwinnett College has a 90% pass rate of organic chemistry.
Come by our page at 8 tonight to hear a song off of our new EP!
Example #287 why I'd be an awesome house wife: Cleaned my apartment in my favorite heels, just because. ;)
I hear ya girl <U+E253>
I drank that kool aid a long time ago. Lol.
Cool newsletter! Thanks for the SO :)
this new twitters sick!
State of physical, mental & emotional is def of health, says 's Gary Oxman. Healthy Connected City promotes health & equity.
Gotta get rid of at least half or more of the Twitts & FB peeps I got now or I am following. I am an addicted clicker sometimes!! LOL
Recording Sam Flow... And can't front my dude dope!!
New twitter is the worst. I can't figure out where anything is... how do I just look at who mentioned me?!?!
A bit better, but still shitty tho. :/ I almost threw up at school today, while taking the test. And you?:)
have someone else take a bite and see what happens
As a mom of a nearly 3 and nearly 1 year old, I feel like I have ADD, tell me I'm not alone.
Went and saw Breaking Dawn. #lovedit it was everything and more . #nobadmoments #breakingdawn ! Kellan Lutz made it even better though. :)
Agreed on all accounts. Wanna see just how many he can score by the time he calls it a career.
Revisiting drummer Ralph Peterson's "Outer Reaches" This gig has some ripping guitar by Dave Fiuczynski and Pat Bianchi cooks on the B3.Nice
Just ordered my first and really excited to start snacking healthy! I think you would like this too!
Women Say Dudes B"ALL UP N DEY INBOX/THIRSTY Well 4 The Record *MOST OF U "FUNKY PU$$Y" B*tches "THIRSTY" 2 =>My D*ck Can Quench Ur THIRST
Gulf Coast Jewish Family Services, Inc in Clearwater, FL is searching for a CFO
I think hockey is one of the best sports ever! People who don't appreciate it, is missing out!
Chispa is proud to announce that we are #socialmedia partners for the Women’s International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
Corey Hart's on a tear. Keep it going in Houston!
lol ok that's 2 awake!
Thank you, so do you think its possible?
Shit. Gotta get to school soon. X| I hope we play dodge ball in gym!
Hard to get motivated today! Gotta lot to do after a long weekend.
Colts' McAfee, Pacers' Hibbert ranked high in social media influence - Indianapolis Star
I seem to not see it on twitter and I wanna see tomorrow that you sent it to her with you telling her and what her response..
there is a reason to fight for us. ive been fighting for a while now and i cant fight for us unless you fight too
Today is the 2nd and last day of the Remodelers Home Tour. Check out the tour for some ideas for your perfect home renovations! 1-5pm today!
#loverboi Iloveyou; I wrote it with no spaces so there's no room for anyone else.
on simple maybe but I'll still win a couple but that NORMAL you ain't win not one time witcha lying ass lol
Thank you for stopping by last night- it was an honor having you at our bar.
Isn't that the opposite of a million dollar question? :)
Get all the hoes
me too:P
I'm with you on that luv!
Stay away from conversation that doesn't edify your life or your walk with Christ!
is that sailors jerrys any good
Were you at the Library Spring Book Festival last week? Great time!
Life is an adventure if u smoke weed, pop Xanax, and drink Jack Daniels everyday
Glad to hear it, man. Thanks. I'm pretty excited, too.
good afternoon.. i feel like sheeeiiitttt
Congressman Paul Ryan is endorsing Mitt Romney. He confirmed it this morning on Fox News
hopefully see you sometime soon in Miami. feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
Last minute road trip to #la tomo! #redeye though.
Not hating on beiber but his single for mothers day has nothing on Kanye's Hey Mama
Poor little car! Does it have food and water?
Gypsy Death Star is kicking off the event!
Jesus, that lady looks like something that just fell off a ristra.
At least I can pay it online.. that makes things easier.
Strong explosion in Bogota, Colombia kills three, including a fmr. govt. official
tinyurl.com/3glrw9e - 21st-century or early 20th-century on the Left Coast? Who are you gonna call?
Make any decision with your heart and mind & you'll be fine.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
tired but cant fall asleep. I hate nights like this. Especially when Monday is the morning I gotta wake up too...
Just got back from a reunion of friends from grade school. Amazed at how all of our lives have turned out.
She got you PW! PUSSY WHOOPED
we would make it so worth your while. We can pay you in rich experiences.
that happened to me and my friends!! the people at McDonalds just do not know how to have fun hahaha
Gm stylist,braiders, makeup, educators, braiders, business owners and more follow hair show in Miami vendors space available
Who has been your favorite Idol of all times in 11 seasons?
One of the names in an example on my Spanish test today was Alejandro. I've had Lady Gaga stuck in my head ever since.
Do it both of you!
no offense Betsy
Oh sweet nothin
At work the usual routine day in and day out 364 days untill I get married. Wow!!!
just now watching this week's epi. Love it! You are AMAZING! xo
What in the world is the point of a hamburger flavored hot dog
“: I love u takes 3 seconds to say,, 3 hours to explain but a lifetime to prove #spreadlove”
Congrats! RT : Cougars win! 5-3 over the Kernels in Cedar Rapids! Aaron Brooks gets the win. Malcolm Culver the save.
"If a woman asks you a question, it's better to tell her the truth, chances are she's asking you because she already knows the answer."
Fuck what you heard, fuck the bitch you heard it from, fuck what you think, and fuck what you saw, and recognize what the fuck you see hoe.
OMG, Counting Crows is playing at The Roseland tonight and we're not going?! UGH.
85? Is there an age limit to public drunkenness?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm aight, just coolin. Waiting for this semester to be over.
Yeah, well, dirty and lowdown for train station fuzak, at least. And thanks.
OH WOW!
Oh you know.. Just watching a new
Can you dig, game is sittin' next to Obedience School app on #iTunes!
Go Derby queen! What name did you pick?
Good Morning :)
Congrats Scooter!!!!
Some females are TOO much.
Thanks to all of our followers of GunMitt and especially to our 1,000th
walking around with my jug of tea sober
i want you to #followme if you're a #cute #guy. :D lmfaoo.
Thank you so much!
Maybe napping in your office isnt so bad...Power nap of 20 min equal to 5 to 6 hours sleep says w. greenwald
Yo I miss Sprite Remix
Got a PUStache? The truth about PUS in pasteurized milk: via
That it 'tis. Hope you're well. Chris
yes they will
Skipping "iPhone 5" would just make people think Apple can't count past 4.
God manning everyone!!!
I wonder if thr ayatollahs will recognize this achievement publicly
don't tempt me... its getting a lil cold in Cali now! x
You know my day was busy when I have yet to tweet.
Taped my mouth shut (:
Hey Joey--a few months later, and I'm happy to say we are back at Zack Morris Cell Phone! Hope you can swing by!
I just didn't realize it was that serious ladies will come if they see you do good work but guys know i'm icey and stool won't try
Twenty wouldn't be enough to cover Walker's crimes against Wisconsin.
#NSA2010 Attendees last chance to lock in special discount offer for your MiniBük/CardBük. Call David at 800.900.2499 by Friday 8/20.
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
Im sorry Mermaid fans I haven't been on Ive been busy getting my book out there
TODAY was so much better than last night.
RT : oh you're alive huh? <-alive, well and ticking!
Really awkward moment on ESPN a few minutes ago. Looked like someone was drunk...
RIP Jason Lilly... You will be badly missed
Did NOT get up & run right away this morning, now it's pretty hot inland. Driving down by the lake to run instead..because I can.
Friend says: "my twitter feed is simply Sara Rab, ezra Klein, and Matt Iglesias.' wow!!
lol walk him
my cuteness
I hate my wife but this bar still makes me glad I'm married. Just kidding, BAR.
Give 'em hell devils! Sorry for the bad pun.
Absolutely! Thank you.
Dozer the Dog - such a sweet story from :) Perfect way to start my Thursday event.
Its a coffee thing lol
Twitter, let's say I want to hire a maid service for a one-time cleaning of my house. Roughly how much does that sort of thing cost?
Seminar to Bridge Gaps Between Medical Information and Insurance Underwriting
Not a big chocolate person. I like Reeces' and ice cream but that's about it.
IM STARTED TO SEE PPL FOR WHO THEY REALLY R
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet.
What Speech were you listening to? You are confused.
#celticschat I came back from taking care of a tent. We had a lead when I left, and now we lost it. :'( Can't lose hope. Lets go C's :D
Lexington is a ZOO.
HOW MUCH FOR A FEATURE? DM ME.
Yo much love for the retweet bro
Mark Sanchez is very creative at being terrible.
I wished we lived closer to David <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
how about you ask me a question first!!!!!!!! lol!! XD
All organic and my parents loved it. This is a first.
it won't let me DM because it says you arent following us. It also said we weren't following you either but I thought we were.
Last call for answers to out Poll - Whats the last professional sporting event you attended? NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Come to our shows on April 30th, May 14th, May 27th, or June 4th! All near Chi-Town!
You should be the spokeswoman for that place!
We want to do a show about dating tips. We just need to set up phone lines so you can call in and give them to us.
Send me a set of your #cobras with #orange grips they are tight
Drama on my tl
Love the pictures!
gurr you looked good makin them tacos. #Rica :)
Thanks for the follow , Following you back ;)
RT Votes against same sex marriage ensure gays cannot marry and raise a new generation of compassionate, tolerant Americans!
what was the top tax rate it was 91% in 1957
Goodnight twitter! Wish you guys coulda seen me as a pirate and to those who did...don't lie you know i was sexy (;
Wake up, eat. Lay down, sleep. Repeat.
Numeric Defamation. Follow back!
Long diaaa got some foul news but its whatever I put the team on my back do!
You know, Deadliest Warrior used to be on MTV. Only then, it was called "Celebrity Deathmatch."
I've lost five pounds. :)
Thanks for following Revolver Underground! It's much appreciated! Holla! EROCK
Do you really Ben truly?
hilarious! Pulling another all-nighter for budget talks? Would love an update for kare11 sunrise!
If my lakers beat okc there taking it all bet
lol dawg u no ive always been a busy person
Spending lunch hour watching kids perfect their backhands better than usual yogurt-at-desk scenario, even as my laptop melts in the heat.
Sweet! It has been added to my calendar! Where will the wedding be? Outside?
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "did you cum inside me?"..."do you really love me?"... "how many women U been with?"
I love the fact that my best friend just so happens to be my only biological sibling, my sister.
The lack of scrambled is a major flaw. Basic, yes, but iconic.
Chillin watchin the game between NY vs. Miami
i automatically think someone has naked pics on there phone when they have a app that hides stuff lol idk why??
I can't make this one, but have seen them a number of times, although not since their 69LS release. They're fantastic live!
Still waiting? Today is your day. Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional "Your Best Day Today," at www.Rshamar.com
No, my blog has not died. I'm going to go back to one a week. Promise.
yeah more like "shutup Ian. Put your phone away. Get back on the mound so I can make you hate everything
Draft draft draft!!!!! So excited, #whodey!!! :)
on Jon and his baby. "I don't think he really likes her"
neither I was joking those r two of my bff's
Lilac feat after this game...weather feels good
aha chill..!
Low Key I Wanna Say It's Kobe's For That Dumb Ass Turnover -.- They Could've Won!
It's weird to think that I was in Europe a month ago..time really does fly. I miss it :/
I'm spending my evening steaming veggies like a hippie.
Thank you. Gastro thinks its related to her EoE. We have an appt w/ him next week. We'll see what he says.
This is false. Don't be fooled,
Ants can survive a 50 story high fall, but couldn't survive the bottom of my foot. Fun fact of the day.
Don't give up beer for Lent! Come in and enjoy our beer battered fish dinner! And don't miss our Friday fish frys!
I'm an editor at and have a question for you. Could you DM or email me when you have a sec?
I got my ray banns on and I'm feelin hella cool tonite. Cheers to the freakin weekend
I have to be up so early and its already 115 am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Guess its time for bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Getting ready for #sharktank show. Best show of the week.
under the current circumstances, isn't a Toews "bobblehead night" kinda inappropriate?
Right??? Right there with the Liberty Lunch!
My Daily Mindful Message : To practice healthy cooking you should think outside of the box. Substitute healthy ingredients!
Minor victory today: acquired a carrel with both a window with a view of Deering and with a power outlet.
Love You To Baby Girl Lol(:
Love. Love. Love. Love is all you need... Happy Valentine's Day!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck. -Anthony Robbins
2 radiation treatments done. 28 to go. Can not wait to be D O N E
#tedxusc is reminding me how much I like science.
he is a hateful wretch
I wish I was going to the #Masters. Perhaps one day.
“: Daily prayer:: Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health, success & blessings -Psalm 37:23” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Getting in the gym tonight...should be interesting
Romney is going to be the nominee. You're just in denial.
FROM WHENCE DOES THE PASSION ARISE??
The largest 99 Cents Only Store! RT Friday's question: What are we more famous for? LACMA or the mammoth in the Tar Pits?
i like this pic a lot<333
"The frontiers of a book are never clear-cut: ... it is a node within a network." Foucault - Archeology of Knowledge (via John Walsh)
When you want something..il do the same -____- !
I honestly don't like you at all! Stop talking to me!
bored on a friday woww hate being groundedd
It's so hot in Boston. No amount of ice cold drinks can keep me cool.
Gotdamnit my laptop screen took shit & my work cell phone been broke 4 almost 3 wks just great! sign I need a break from bein so connected?
Congrats to Bob Neumann, who is transferring out to KHMX (Mix 96.5)/Houston as PD! More details in RAMP's Breaking News e-mail.
And I will totally take you up on that!
Oh, thank you! RT A bit new to Twitter, will check our your site! Good luck!
harish is from Telangana? nice to know..
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable. Fran Lebowitz
Goodbye JaVa... wait, JAVALE MCGEE IS IN THE PLAYOFFS!!!
only you could do something like that
my tooth hurts!! :(
yea. You rosa and me would take turns driving. Lol.
. thanks for noticing this error- our engineer is working on it and it will be up shortly. Cheers, Jill
Busy weekend ahead!! Creativity explosion!!!
Optimistic NC is having Romney beat Gingrich by a large margin too. Not sure why that makes me feel good.
follow please
Duncan introduces "iron triangle": Quality, Access, and Cost. Focus on Productivity and Accountability are essential.
what about Nexus fans that can't get the HSPA+ version or even the LTE one you should reward us by releasing it
Soo Lil Wayne gave the song "how to love" to sounds pretty god <3
with incredible variability of skill/caring attitude of home health aides sent to help my Mom, a good process outcome can't happen
we stand on guard for the!
Wide awake
why is age magazine reporting that Yauch was 48?
is he funny? I like funny guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> And if he sings, He'll have me at hello
You forgot #BrianGoddard!
hey netflix...either refund my money, or activate my service. your can't have it both ways.
Congratulations to and his newly named #Prius, Gizzy!!!
Hey guise.
Sitting in Phillips Arena watching all the UNC purest lose 10 yrs off their ...life Go FSU......LOK
do you have a show tonight? You should hit up Dosh's DJ set at the 930 Club afterwards.
hey sharon, sorry to hear you're having the same issue. Shoot me an email, I will call you tomorrow.
I was reading about the MLK memorial a while back, but I had forgotten about it. Thanks for the reminder and suggestion!
When did they make a Honey 2??????
Christmas this year was a good Christmas Eve. Shot I can't wait until new years eve
I already follow ! I saw him at teen hoot. :) I love him!
Police Chief confirms officer involved shooting. But Chief refuses any other info and walked out of the room. Claims details now coming @ 4.
MT : Walker says he saved taxpayers $1 bill. I believe him. With no jobs, ppl lose homes, so no income or property tax.
just got mickey D's #SUPERBOWL SUNDAY! :D
hahahah what kind? :D
Thanks for all you do in connecting Massachusetts to services!
"You can't get to a place that you don't believe exists."
Also, I wanted to catch up on #smash tonight but I need Christian Borle to stay in my head as Black Stache a bit longer.
Just about the perfect day for #momsday :)
I'm a proud American & lover of Israel, 2 nations where ppl can experience freedom, of speech, religion, etc
i guess I been gone too long lol
The fact that the year they started was that Gulf spill, and announcers had to awkwardly brand BP every game was kind of funny
MANTRA #8: CONTRARY TO POPULAR BELIEFS - BEGGARS DO NEED TO BE CHOOSEY
I absolutely love the first Transformers!! It's the best one! And, I love Good Luck Charlie too! Who's your fave character?
2nd most used proper noun behind pikachu.
We give all Twitter fans 10% all services for NotifyAll & Contact Wireless, cell phones/accessories/repairs. Just tell them I sent you.
oh no i love you..
And sugar is a vitamin!
Wow so hype is crazy down under too?
Sorry, "deluded" - Shit! That really stole from the whole brevity thing...
good thing i don't have to watch this thing any more.
no im just bringing clothes 4 now since im stayin with rush.but best believe wen me n naty get our place u n him helpin lol
FRERET STREET FESTIVAL - Come rock a killa Sat afternoon with us TODAY at 4:45pm on the Ochsner/Dat Dog Stage!
Had two customers when in and check us out. Definitely owners from other dispensary...hahha
Wardrobe walk throughs for tomorrow night. Rolling on the floor laughing
"Walk on out there and give it a squirt!" has me laughing so hard right now. Oh and shots fired. Is this real??!
Um I love Tressa Brown. In case everyone didn't already know.
In The Heat Of The Night > Miami Heat
Phil-"No Blindside was the black tight end." Alex-"Offensive Line." Phil's response: 'Oh sorry African American"...
Did the Charles E. Cooper Studios inspire the hit TV show Mad Men? Looking for insight!
Love this movie. Minimalist dialogue. A homage to the mountain men that explored this country in search of peace and solitude.
Nice. I'll add that to the list.
Its cool guys nobody should answeer me
It's the first fall Friday. This calls for something pumpkin inspired @ #happyhour. #isit5yet #ROC?
Don't put words into my mouth
Hope you get better <3 You inspire me and you never stop working hard. Love you sweetheart.
Sometimes I think itd be so peaceful to be the last person on the planet... Like I am legend but without all the zombie things.
I'm in for lunch just tell me where to meet.
he brought the bubbles that we left in the truck back to me by the way..
u must visit best bike city in America (we don't run you over & don't stop when it snows!)
": Kerbey's pancakes are on point!" Tis true, try the lemon poppyseed.
": #Libras are very easy to get along with."
I've tried lots of ingredients in brownies, but never cabernet... can't say I really taste the wine, but it's still a great brownie.
Because we have no bottled water, the dudes wife said "this is the 3rd day without human consumption water." Then she said "what the F*ck"?
Thanks for sharing our coupon with your followers ! Have you tried our cereal before?
There's so much to know about diabetics....
oh, way to think outside the box!
ewwww <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> hope it works and you feel better soon
Addict is wanting a pot every now and then RT : Would having a Keurig make me a coffee addict? I just want a cup every now and then.
Who's passing her permit test today me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Glucomannen, Cha De Bugre and Caralluma combined in one all natural weight mgt. supplement. If you want to avoid the Holiday weight...
14-0 Green Bay. All those stupid penalties by the Lions could cost them this game.
TIGHTEN UP
yeah bounced up off the ground and hit her in the ass. Don't worry I didn't hit it that hard
“: Lol, thinks I'm a disgusting barn animal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>” u wipe ur hands on the sofa & ur tshirt use a napkin!!
you're overreacting.
Why is it so much easier to wake up when you get 3 hours of sleep than when you get like 10...
Jeeze! What's in Arkansas?
for real a must win
awesome dress!!!
When girls don't text you back <<<<<
#Top100Lies I didn't know u cared
At #wcdet. Come say hi.
New obsession =
I had phone miss functions lol
2nd cup of coffee, and yet I still feel like punching a small child. Staying away from people today
Thank you!
Just watched This Means War. Pretty good movie. You have the action for the guys, romance for the girls, and comedy for everyone!
I downloaded the 2nd one yesterday.
Liars these days.
Looking fwd to visiting Paddy's Pub tonight..#paddy's
Uugh. That person who makes every sentence sound like a question.
HAHA PXY JR, he's not a fucking Burger King burger! What supps?
List of people food my cat likes: avocados, challah bread, Tostitos Hint of Lime Tortilla Chips.
Egyptian blogger "Street movement in Egypt has lost a lot of its enthusiasm."
Hi Adam, Thanks so much for your email! I'm speaking to undergrads tonight and I think your story will be inspirational.
What kind of deal are you looking for this fine Tuesday morning? Food? Home? Auto?
cant wait til sunday:) :)
I love you Madonna
thanks you too <3
yeah, i read all those... it was war in on that board a few weeks back... still no new mod, weird.
Precisely. If that process involves the simplification of structures, it's just evolution not devolution.
Those folks in 1912 were hip as hell then!
Do they even sell Maysonet shirts at the stadium? Will they tomorrow? :)
DA WORST FEELING EVER IS BEING IN LOVE BY YOURSELF
Glad you enjoyed!
OMG how u know??!!
Guess that is for you, with no author named, hm.
If it's Thursday, it must be
follow me please. ive been trying to get you to notice me for two yearss!
yo hit me up i wanna get a photoshoot done for you
..... Consider theme of invention and innovation. Let them choose hobbies...skis, guitars, cameras.
On the bus to New York! & Two weeks until Prom!!!
Are we merely robots? Offspring of biology and socialization, only different due to some mutation, recombination, beating and teaching?
I'm sick and tired of not seeing him play. He's one of the best on the reserves. He needs a chance.
Going for my brother's bachelor party. Don't think there will be anything going on that morning.
Zach!(: Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
One more time, quit lying to the American public.
my bed smells like we were at a party or somethin last night
They call it Stormy Monday, but Tuesday's just as bad: Yesterday's database problems are finally coming to a close. Phew.
Yep. Now if only they'd deliver saki, too. But this is Texas. Alcohol by delivery makes baby jesus cry, apparently.
I thought for sure you were talking about the Asian here.
Bit.ly bounced the link as spam, so send me an email on it and I'll read it when I get home tonight...
Oops, my mistake :-) Still sounds like a nice drink.
Students post hundreds images of state tests on social networks | 89.3 KPCC...
The 2nd Annual Cocktails for Courage to benefit The Captain Kyle R. Van De Giesen Memorial Award Fund is Friday. Contact me for info.
I don't even know if I should wear jeans or shorts today. Sigh.
Congratulations to the #VCURAMS! Any chance we can borrow for our youth basketball leagues soon?
When I was in high school 6:30 was sleeping in, now 8:00 is to early. I've gotten spoiled.
Yes! Let's gather up some interested folks to have a wrap-up session, perhaps tomorrow evening?
Yes, yes I would. It sounds like an awesome festival. I am going to go some time for sure!
Thanks 4 following, u r nice. Already following :)
legitfitclothing(at)gmail.com
The best things in life aren't things at all!
yeah well do you think $80 for a can there and back is money well spent? Not to mention the cost of the ticket
I understand AND share the same affliction.
Atlanta author Kathryn Stockett has sold more than five million copies of her book "The Help," which has been adapted into a movie out...
at 24k- i day left before suite200 opens! living up the last few days of glory
Thank you, Brian.
Happy Thanksgiving Day to all #AustinTexas and
My 9 year old is the only child in America with no video game system. Hate seeing him sad, but still seems like the right thing to do.
Tonight bring ur azz over to #clubempire... and myself holdin it down all night!!!
Who else is going too be at Siclovia?
Won part of the volleyball game yay!!!!!!!
That was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now, if we could just get Len to give him that 10 we'd be in business!
In #Memphis for the Country Cares Radio Seminar, who's here?
Defense defense defense killing the #crew again.
marketing... I think it should be more than just one dept though to give a wider appeal
Another reason to be excited about BFC? Still getting awesome local fresh sustainable produce even if you sleep thru the farmers market!
I know, interesting.. maybe the trend is that Social media is becoming it's own department..
you two are the typical bike advertisement!
you bet :)
Look forward to it. I just think that if u run an off tackle play that the defense knows is coming, execution won't matter.
Mine will be one of the first novels written largely on the qwerty keyboard of #iPodtouch, using #quickofficeconnect /
Anyone going to Flex in Phoenix tonight?
makes sense. Most nfl players are assholes. is the exact opposite though
Looks interesting! RT : Marketing in the Round: How to Develop an Integrated Marketing Campaign in the Digital Era (Que...
baby I hope our kids are like that c':
I dont need to know you'll be there
why don't we get those here? wouldn't that make us big time?
Thanks for the follow!
When people are mad at you and you dont know what you did <<<<<<.
can the Saints resind the franchise tag in Drew Brees to make a run at or sign Peyton Manning?
no breakfast for me today .
oh my god this is awesome. Special moment happening in milwaukee this weekend. Pure amazing pure joy. Cheers
thanks for his long and continued support of our organization and our mission! We appreciate everything!
"Everyday is Saturday night, but I can't wait, for Sunday morning"-K-os Love that hook!
in bed before work
Thanks for all of the awesome RTs!
Def no expansion plans right now with other construction starting. Free tix for at least bball I think is a good idea tho
": How did Pam feel on Sunday?? She got here Derby on early!" She felt...poorly
lol heck yeah!
Mille grazie! I wonder if Giant Eagle carries it?
Success Is Wealth So What Are You Waiting For
actually I think women & men of all shapes can be appealing IF they have a good heart. Just not the look I prefer for myself =)
Is it too early to stick a fork in the #Mets? An ugly game, but the "fun" may just be starting.
I haz similar blanket but with starz on it.
you should make another Fashion video those are awesome :)
Did you need them in Spanish or English?
wow if that's really her then she should be ashamed of herself...glad bozo and his wife r gone
An FBAR is a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts. The form number is TD F 90-22.1 Due in the hands of IRS by June 30th.
the kind of flawless i wish i could be.
#Insights201 Did you mod your Android phone?
Ohh looks fab in that red dress! #TheVoice SO dramatic! Love it!
it's thursday, which means i'm officially allowed to get excited about celebrating my bff 's birthday this weekend! <3
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I am actually rather late to the Trujillo party, but am all on board now!
"Avg person can only focus 48 seconds" keep them paying attn w/ FBI, Feature, Benefit, Involvement
Bill has the same chance of winning that a one legged man in an ass kicking contest does.
It's International Jazz Day! Learn a fact about a jazz musician, song, or style. Share it and tag it #JazzDay &
I finished reading 'Mud, Sweat and Tears' by . Inspiring, I have even more respect for you now! Best wishes for you and family.
What did they say?
Already knew #Chopped was a moronic show w/laughable judging, but they reached a new low eliminating Guas for no starch. Is this 1954?
One has to wonder if it was an error. Certainly a good viral marketing opportunity!
Thank u so much pastor! It was a high honor for me. Thanks for your trust.
ah...the endorphin rush when something you've been trying to figure out finally works (very similar to the effect of Deep Tissue Massage)
kings need to win tonight..
You own my heart, he's just renting.
yep.. it'll happen one day. i miss you btw!
hey baby I miss you:)
cannot wait T!!!!
Big Ten goes 2-0 in BCS games plus wins over #12 LSU and #15 Miami..think the Big 10 bashing is over?
Trying to figure it out. sister-in-law uses it, showed me how to use this weekend. still learning though.
Awesome ! Thanks ill email you back soon !
lol you just walked away couldn't say hi or anything was too happy about your win
I kind of want to play Ogre Battle 64 again for some reason. Don't know why. Must be that time of the month
can you forward it? I love her work. And my day is tediously bereft of nipples. Mathieuyoung(at)gmail
no problem!
observation #1. everybody on the bus is speaking chinese. every. body. even the ones who don't look asian.
Interested in #Cubs tickets? Come in and sign a lease with us to be entered in a drawing to win!
Ar Radio City! Fluffy!!!<U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
Intriguing! Where does funding come from, then?
In the United States, illegal immigration refers to the act of foreign nationals violating American immigration policies and laws.
Bumpin some usher. Where you at
If you're in church this morning, can you fill in this blank: I'm here because _______.
thanks Fred!!!!!
I totally agree with u on ur tweet about JB... I don't think Selena's a whore, the fact is her bday is coming up, is it bye JB
me im starving
I hate snow...
I guess that could be remotely funny.
Bring it back, bring it back.
you contributed to the breaking of Bryan's brain. Bad student, bad!
Welcome Kelly Hedrick - our new CSR at the Avon location!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing getting offended by the things I say.
Starting Phase 1 of the annual Spring home repair and fix up.
Idk what's good for you?
COCO LOUNGE GON BE CRAZY TONIGHT!! GET THERE EARLY!!! READY TO INTO CRUNK/DRUNK MODE!!!!
Im such a lonely directioner! I'm sitting outside on my porch watching a video on how to speak with a British accent! Lol-Kelly
Looks fun, but dizzying!
Very good question and cannot be just anyone (at least for good curation)
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Tornado warning. Entire hitch science building must gather in the first floor. I'm officially in Nashville.
Really spicy food with extremely hot drinks is the best combination ever.
Philippe Lacoue-Labarthe's, "Typography: Mimesis, Philosophy, Politics" set in Comic Sans
I'm playing smoothie shopping jams at Nordstrom today until 5, come through.
It is so beautiful here. Hope that you are having a great day, friends!
That's pretty random.
Absolutely! Why do the RWNJs cry 1st Amend when they haven't a clue what it means? Anti-education much?
X FACTOR!!!
I been missing a lot of :( ima have to buy the 2nd session when it drops.
aw miss ya too buddy
Merry Christmas, everyone! And if you're opening a gift of one of our shirts this morning, we hope you love it.
Colorful tracks and colorful braids been played out!! EX. Pink,green,bright yellow, all Lat! <
best invention of fashion is the skully
Awesome..and I'm an old gal !~~
I'm doing well. Just preparing to have a great day...Do some summer planning as well.
#turnon when girls call me babe (; .... Alexa... Hahah
Muffins trump clean underpants every day of the week. :)
"she loves me, she loves me not"
RT : 26 days to the beginning of Winthrop University's 125th Academic Year!!!
we gave you some more space :) Were you having problems with people seeing you were online?
It's happening now Art Center!!!! Annual Pumpkin party!!! Super ready!!!
I got 99 cookies cuz a bitch ate one
It's painfully obvious Hogan & Bischoff could care less about TNA
i'm going to give up my dreams of those shoes because i would literally never wear them i know this about myself
Two of my favorite people! Yay! We need to meet up. Please and thank you.
Well mediocre for most is pretty damn awesome for most brewers.
Wow! Seeing cirque de soleil next time I'm in #vegas #oscars. I can stand on my hands like that (major lie!)
Flakey people are irritating.
thanks Melissa. I had so much fun with you and the crew. I almost forgot we were working.
It's "Miller Time"! Go #buckeyes !!
OMG WOULD tweet that! Lmaaao :'D
Super violent hit on Hakeem Nicks.
am I allowed to put my twitter on there?? :) taking the pic now sorry it took so long hope it's not too late
ok i feel that hahahaahah
Great blog. We all own our power of choice and the ability to create change in our lives by exercising it.
I think I can get used to not working on Wednesdays or Thursday mornings.
bad campaign slogan: RT : Welcome to Longview, here's your complementary race riot
I hope the Talking Liberal Heads are happy now that they have cost the democrats the Presidency and Congress.
If we accept electronics in the recording and playback process (audio reproduction), then why not in live performance? (via )
RT : Who knew that Olivia Newton-John is of German Jewish descent, & granddaughter of Nobel laureate physicist Max Born?
Thanks for the RT. Would love to tell you more about our program.
What, from home?
Hello everyone, we've given ourselves a facelift and switched to the new Timeline layout for Facebook! We hope you like it!
Just another rainy day went the movies & saw hop it was better than I thought I would be over the break.
Get your Versa Spa session in before #NewYears !!
Good luck today! Just picture yourself in your new place with a bottle of wine if you start to get stressed.
Tonight SALMON in Herb Sauce yummy...Join me now: www.TheRoomLive.com
It's easy to say no hard feelings when you're talking to a robot
Can't believe I went to Homestead for that shit -.-
I hate when people on T.V. shows say "I'm broken…" Really? Come on now
It's a relief to know that I'm stalking someone I actually know in real life. It would be weird if I were stalking a stranger.
I think this is like my third Twitter account. My ADD always sets in, I get bored, then delete. Let's see how I fare this time. :/
stop what?
#yougottabekiddingif you think #Obama will be re-elected
please follow me :)) i love you !!! <3
Whew! Finally out of the top of the third. Cards add 4, #Brewers down 5-2. Weeks, Gomez and Braun due up.
I'm new to draw something... anybody wanna play? Jacobhennen
I know I don't RT : Good point: SM is 24/7. Do you stop engaging when you leave at 5 (in theory)?
Happy St Totteringham's Day
another full day in the studio, plus my intern is here today! Time to get busy planning the next Chroma Studios show! Coming up in May! :)
no idea.. I just got all your messages.
Will do. If things go right, I might be explaining GoodRelations by fall. RT make sure and mention rdfa ;-)
many #gmic peeps talking about online registration & event websites,etc.if you are interested in talking more, visit me
Woe to the bomb squad officers. :(
Who invented WHITE chocolate, and why?
can I just say 's solo @ the beginning of "Celebrity" takes me to my happy dirty place every time! thanks for the Pookee ;-)
I feel like I can officially say that I know all of my lines, blocking, and music.
Brainstorm is my most welcomed kind of storm! Nice to meet everyone!
I was wrong about Carmelo Anthony. Thought he was selfish, and he's not. Pretty bad-ass player who can, at his best, carry a team.
Brendon Haywood and half the Charlotte Bobcats give him a run for his money.
RT : Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why. - William Edgar Stafford
I think it's funny how everyone cheering for McGee but we all know that he's fucking trash
Is it lunch time yet? I'm hungry.
You don't have to be at home to enjoy milk and cookies. Come try our chocolate chunk cookies and a bottle of milk. M
Facial, massage, make over, shopping, dinner... NiCe!!! :)
*Update - We will post the winner in the AM on Thursday not 9PM tonight. Cutoff to be eligible is 8PM CST tonight sharp! Good luck! NDF
Tweeked back golfing. Really hurt it trying to kick a field goal in the yard in sandals for the 6yo. Plant foot slipped. Charlie Browned it
When rcting eyetracker participants, have you ever attempted MailMerge? Or did you only recruit internally? MailMerge ROCKS!
My Yogi® Teabag today: "Love what is ahead by loving what has come before." Ah, yes. The Siren Song of Hollywood!
Gaga looks like she is having a seizure while dancing, she does minimum movements. Let's not be delusional here.
How much do you spend recording your songs?
Congratulations on the opportunity in September! That's terrific.
just had a mild - severe laugh attack
Amen to that
How my dog cries when i don't tuck her in bed. Shes too cute. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Car accident: Sept. 7, 2011. Excruciating back pain: today.
My grandmom in PA got rushed to the hospital hope every thing is okay...
Fish tacos & Margaritas are the way to go
LaMarcus says this injury is not the same or as serious as the left hip injury he had in college.
My customers are my entertainment but don't kno it I wish I could instagram all of them
Text RACE to 21947 to enter to win 2 tix to NASCAR Nationwide Series w/K-LOVE Car #81 Blake Koch & tailgate w/Newsboys in Indy! Msg rts apl
Willis Whitney: Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Last English comp class of week this morning. No one had topics on Wed, but all had one or 2 ideas to write on an index card today. Good!
Thanks, Laura!
I will post a pic of Tanuki tomorrow. He is a mix of a corgi with Boston terrier.
Thanks for recommending me!
Work of Art SHOULD have been a winning idea. But the challenges (& the resultant artists' work) are mediocre, lame.
i was listening to zack huckabee today, you know what that means
competitor Akira Back of Yellowtail Restaurant will be one of our distinguished speakers.
I tossed & turned... The 20 minutes of sleep I did get involved 2 exes, nudie pics online, my car breaking down & being late for work. >_<
And some hail.
Saw last night! I auditioned for 1 of Katniss' stylists, Portia. The casting was spot on. It was visually rad. Great movie.
Save the Date! Join us for a panel discussion of the revised tenure/promotion guidelines at 10AM on March 29, 2011 in the Student Center.
People take these baby shower games way too seriously.
I was day dreaming then I dosed off
I feel lost at the moment lol can't explain it.
RT : The "birds eye" camera views are absolutely nauseating. Don't fix what's not broken
"Don't take your mom for granite" <--- Jesus Wept.
Y do girls have that one fat unattractive friend. Not being mean, it's true
good night !
oh u on that kinky shit? U probably got handcuffs n a sex swing huh?
John, I tweeted this 15 minutes ago. NWS HAS ISSUED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR CENTRAL EDDY COUNTY UNTIL 8:15 PM.
Thanks for "Artefacts and Errors." So helpful.
has leading corporations using their beta product including IBM & Intel
Up to Clearwater for the day. You're bad weather.
Watching Romeo and Juliet in english... deff about to cry.. WHY LEONARDO DICAPRIO!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Everytime I actually want to have a little fun, you have to ruin it for me.
Happy Release day, , for "Bared To You!” ;)
Long as weekend :(
Celebrities and kids talk about what they learned from failing! On this Sunday 9pm EST on our NEW SHOW
Dont get it twisted gays. Obama says its his PERSONAL OPINION that gays should marry. NOT that hes doing a thing to make it happen. Big Diff
Gotta do what I gotta do to get where I wanna be!
did you have some meaningful convos over those business cards?
hehe yeah....most of the time my views would cause arguments so best to just keep them to myself on social media :)
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. ~Albert Einstein
Avocado popcycle are apparently delicious!
Changed my name to I_LuvTylerPosey (:
Key word SOME. Not all us thirstys
Looking forward to the weekend to say the least
Nosey ass people ..
Lmfao Luke Walton.
Preach it, #23!
November is my birthday month, so I'm going to three Badgers football games and at least two Badgers basketball games.
I might be going away that weekend so I don't know yet! lol! hope so
i don't know what's worse this or if you actually got that haircut..
#BlackParentsQuotes I want my damn fried chicken !
peanut butter captain crunch comin in the clutch
The smallest woman can break the biggest man in the world with three little words: Is it in?
YouTube is one of the most dangerous ways to procrastinate, you can be on there for hours!!
Wisconsin is on the come back!!! #gobadgers #beatiowa!!
Awesome event this morning remembering 9/11 firefighters lost in memorial stair climb with the #nbcsandiego crew. Rescue crews =
Whoa. Okay.
Much appreciation to El Paso! Dare I say best city in the US!!! Thanks for the follow
First day of practice was legit. c:
Happy hour tweet?
#17 I have to go back to school tomorrow from Spring Break :/
It's a group of antique dealers (1 is a good friend) 'Girlfriends of Greenwood.' They ask for canned goods for food bank.
Where I can find it?
In the Venice spot w working on a big pop boy band song...its all good vibrations today in sunny Venice!
RT : A10: we need to know what we want & why & understand what is important to the person we want respect from
I saw this weekend. An amazing film! Go see it!
what session?
RT : I'm doing a Sparkling Wine dinner at Fox & Obel Tonight. Sold out, woohoo. Cab Franc/Durello/Pinot Noir/Riesling
cold in Seattle. Winter won't end :(
It's been way to long.
I need to stop having dreams with famous people in them! Lol!
The only use I got out of my english book so far this year is killing spiders. Just killed another one.
I want a Jacuzzi so bad.
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here! It'll be a whole new way to see a social justice research organization!
soo wer are the people here ^^
that's good to hear! i can't wait :D
Thanks for the RT!
I'm good ...that was ridiculous - can't imagine how Haiti and chile and Japan felt
We don't have the capacity to float a new bond measure without raising the tax rate
Yes please!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Austin Mahone so..
Yes, but they are mostly a continuation of Bush's policies. RT Obama’s policies have disproportionately affected [Latinos]
Captital Hilton DC security guard told us (3 friends talking) to quiet down because of noise complaint. At 10 pm. On a Friday night. wtf
Mark Ruffalo to play the Hulk in at least 6 more movies!?!?!? Am I the only one who thinks that's a high number.
I'm not really the safest driver. But I am a good driver lol if that makes any sense. And yur welcome
2 new tennis courts opened today at 61st and Broadway Park. Go and check them out!
Yay! The last of my bike shipments is scheduled to arrive today! I should have it up and running in the next couple of days! (pics to come)
Also, im moving mid-May. There will be a trip to Ikea shortly after, and there is one in Atlanta. :D
sakura sounds delicious right now.
that feeling of ambition >>>
Reach for the moon. If you fall short at least It's in your moments of decision you'll be among the stars. -Anthony Robbins
Gotta roll wit da G-Unit based off stats. Nuff said...
Q1 I think you have to be an institution with researchers who create the datasets, otherwise not quite as relevant
think it would appeal to my people?
Damn shorty let me down again time to replace her!
Im gonna be doing the oujia board tonight!
RT : Look behind the curtain! See why window treatments increase the value of your home. Tips from
Too many #sewing projects to count! My sewing space is beginning to look like Area 51 with all the UFOs laying around!
ARE PERFORMING IN SALINA, KS ON 3/14/12 THE CATCH ME IF YOU CAN TOUR!
with a tequila chaser lol ": I want some TEQUILA!!!"
some good & some misleading points in the article - GApps & OL/Exchange are each good in different situations
1st pick NFL week 4 - Bengals/Brown 37 pts. #TakeTheOver Bengals come out of offensive funk and put up big numbers
I see you're into working with nonprofits. If you have time to volunteer to help with our social media, I'd like to talk with you.
Happy St George's Day to anyone who knows & cares :)
on a day where Peyton Manning leaves the Colts...
One half of the court can say Clippers and the other side can say Lakers. NFL Style.
O boy. Arizona takes a 1 to 0 lead.
Cracks me up when I see liars, cheaters, &immature boys tweet abt being honest, faithful, or mature. Homie, that ain't u &we ALL know it.
sign up that contestant! half court shot!
Teachers at Cedar Creek are having a meeting over Rebecca Hubbard and how they can help. This may be a tragedy, but it brings us together.
just fine
Great to hear!
Site, I meant site. gah. Oh, that sounds cute! Husbob is thinking of merchandising. I've set up on Cafe Press but wondered.
parsed differently, we're mentoring each other better outside of grad programs. Should that be grafted back?
I love the weekend! Nothing is better than getting to see smiling kids play and families have fun together! (via )
Why do I wear white?! Two meals, two stains... grrrrrr
SHOT ME OUT OF THE SKY...YOUR MY KRYPTONITE.
using sliderocket to create a presentation.. they have really cool features..
Can't watch American idol or survivor tonight cause our satellite dish is broke :(
#WorldVision at #wiw11 Women In The World conference listening to Barbara Walters interview Chile's 1st female president re empowering women
Congrats to "The Artist"- I love that movie!
Oops, fixing the typo! Thanks for pointing that out!
General Electric Stomps the Gas in Electric Car Push
You can have Yisi's entire room. Just bring your sheets and pillow.
Good E21 gathering 4 pass the torch conference. Proud of , Jonas, Juanita, Melissa and Rebekkah look forward to future!
For sure. Are you going?
the 100th stage is for me :)
Thank you Jonathan! I like your collection a lot!
Cause without you things get hazy
Tonight is the last night we are open! Thanks for a great year!
#thingsbabymamassay Imma thousand percent sure he the daddy Maury
i could really go for some frozen yogurt right now
It's been so cloudy in Chicago the last two days. Hoping for sunny weather tomorrow for a fantastic view from the top of Willis Tower.
I hope i win ! (: If not its okay (: B/c Just seeing you guys on TV is Alot To me . ILy < 3
seems like everyone involved is a egotistical D bag who thinks there better. Honestly I'm surprised u replied back
Watching Big Daddy with Adam Sandler , love this movie !
Psycho baby daddies
Damn if #drake was to sign with
Congrats to for being our 500th follower! They won a gift certificate to our restaurant Brasserie Margaux!
We are we using for all our Social Media it was fast & easy to get started she is getting off on the right foot
the magic comes first
Hey folks. I just woke up. What day is it? Seriously! The last thing I remember I was chasing a leprechaun down Kirkwood...
county this morning #letsrockthis :)
Fuck bitches get <U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F>
Thanks for helping spread the word about "Battered Soul". It was really fun to do 1950s style in mono!
#Saints off season workout program to include how to set up wire transfers for KO bonuses to mask actual cash exchange.
I don't know about you, but I'm numb with 9 months of government takeovers. Am I alone?
1st Thursday of the month? U know what's up. Gossip at 7PM on 50th and 9th. I'm networking with the people that walk the walk. Who's in?
YES! I will play that for you just before 9pm...cool?
Ortiz is looking like a $14 million dollar a year player so far. Love the shades.
Time out mob 60 rats 5
I love the back and forth between and Very entertaining.
The inner little girl in me squealed and jumped up and down!
2NITE! AREA702: The Ghost Inside, First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth. got cheap tickets still! PM for details not much left
playing some new songs on #thunder106 with Party Marty right now. Tune in, he sounds awesome!!
My soul. Embracing you. Or lunging forcefully. Like a prize-fighting contender. Choose.
And the purpose of leadership is to accomplish a task
thanks for following followed back
don't be afraid to be yourself. fuck what the world thinks about you.
RT": Yeah I should probably start packing."
if u can get people to follow me i can follow people bak plsss<33
i dont think so! wesley woody and j. lo!?
I will be hoping for a Blackhawks win tonight.
thanks a lot. i'm glad you actually visit. i've been busy being the face of the blog on twitter, hence the neglect of my pers. acct
RT : Full action keynote presenter. We've seen dance moves, catholic school cheers, and some unmentionable touching.
Its time
I assume you corrected this misinformation? That was a cmte effort. As you know, I did NOT vote on the final recommendation.
No more internet on me phone no more (tear) all I have is unlimited texting that's all
In LA the big trend is 7 on 7 passing leagues for 7 & 8 year olds. Not tackle training for the kids or Coaches all summer. Wow...Scary!
haha yeah. Gonna be fun to watch that side show when they're both in the game.
Hanging with the webb family in St.Louis... Man EVERYBODY is in good spirits!! Missing my homie right now tho...
Your welcome ;)
Hi sexy ;)
hey there guy what's up. How you been?
I should be packin for my trip to alpena, oh well probably just pack an hour before haha
Carrots, onion, celery.
cheating is cheating. Sans steroids, Eric Gagne is famous for his appearance in the 2001 Class AA All-Star Game
I have talked to a lot of ppl today and even though I hate talkin on the phone I needed this..
yes I am
now that's a tough one,hm! Lol
Paul and Ringo are nice, but I would prefer George and John.
Oh and wants to know if we're doing dinner pre-play.
follow me,i follow back =))
love your site... But you need to feature PlanetTran on your cars and trans page. We're nation's first all hybrid private car!
yes! Revenge is sweet! Buh bye heather!!!
“: Literally. I cannot sleep at all now that woke me up then falls asleep -.-” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
no <U+E006> havin butt
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to connecting with you further.
anyone else wanna declare their undying HATE towards me ?!?! i'm all ears !
Going good, nice to tweet you as well, thx for the RT XD
LUCI girls we know what you want! More clothing has arrived to satisfy your Shopping FIX!
yes! it's real life! hope you can come visit the pop-up :)
No love for Lucroy?! Top 10 in Runs and RBI for C's in MLB. Batting .280. Has cooled a bit, but come on! Show some love!
Its one of those , days when I just wanna talk to a few people ..
- is meeting with on Friday... Should I bring you some scrapple?
is bringing beer so you don’t need to! Just show up to Tap Haven and be thirsty!
The fact that u are a homosexual is natures way of telling u not to procreate
We are SO glad you think so :-) Thanks for letting us know! “: help desk ROCKS!”
lol support our movement the
It benefits the man because he has a strong woman standing behind him. Supporting him. Willing to compromise&work through thangs.
"both you boys need serious help!"
Thank you, Roxie! We're at dinner talking about how excited we are for your wedding! :)
What a great way to start my week :)
thanks dude!
I love this <3 RT : "Does it even matter in the end if were unhappy?"
Facebook thumbnails must be the only place on the internet where vertical photos work better than horizontal ones...
taken care of :)
NW #RememberTheTitans! i used to love this movie.
#FollowFriday Good folks to know! (via )
...not long now till we know...www.watershedfest.com ...can't hardly wait!
I know!! I made watch part of it so I wouldnt be the only was scarred for life by it! haha This show is so messed up!
I was hoping for me creative careers today, the soldiers were cool though #America <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)3
#STLBlues vs. #LAKings is gonna be one hell of a series
It's a tweet that sent to
omg i know! i wish they had all their movies on instant queue and you could just pay more for it. have you seen limitless?
<------in the business of spreading smiles (how can u be mad at me?)
don't forget !
Now if only Obama could make it OK for me to wear pants less; then we'd have progress.
3!!! Again look at that sling of a shot
Can't feel my arms. No more boogie board slip n' slides for me! Ouch!
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy my reviews...
Twitter.. I've missed you. But I've missed way more ;)
I hate this bipolar weather wake up dressed for the cold, then find out its so humid when u walk outside yur last class
I don't believe the psycho could just walk into the house like that, considering Brennan is under suspicion.
Why is it the PROLIFE crowd has so much crossover with the PRODEATH crowd? If God gives life, we do well to honor it always
must only be a resident or at least not a surgeon. Super record or bust for the docs round here
Oh...I've got the Twitter app on my Mac now...trouble!!
Nope. Wrong again. It's 13 letters.... Look again.
- it usually does, like highly effective medicine.
I know tons of people and girls that are gonna watch Avengers and have no clue or nor have they read a single comic book
Thanks man!
Thank you so much for the shoutout - feeling is mutual :)
It was a year ago today that I left a abusive relationship. My life is so different, and I thank my family, friends, and Michael. I love you
Now your just somebody that I used to know ;)
gurl i just got on twitter lol! Good evening Tia Nina and Joseph :-)
Finally, so relieved to have my 2 hardest exams done today. Can't wait til Thursday to be completely done w/ this semester!!
thinking lunch/cocktails may be in order to break up my office day tomorrow. Joiners?
how do people keep getting into my account and tweeting stuff. that last one wasn't me. sadly i didn't make $628 today
is there openings for vendors? I own a vintage tshirt company
1 goal of the day down, 3 more goals to go - Hope you are reaching your goals today as well.
Thanks for the chuckle about the woodchuck made my day
Your "mostly relievers" draft strategy is really paying off. Last in every pitching category but saves.
is starting my day right- & Dead Milkmen. Who's next?
That's a bit more clever - would a collection download facility help you? Then you could sort on whatever you like :)
my brother loves that song MGK (Wildboy) ...he drives me nuts with it playin' it all day/ ah!!!
man im hungry
Missing my train time this morning. Car commutes suck!
I gotta agree with Chichester's flashes of brilliance only makes his usual ineptitude that much more puzzling
Guess who won at gum spitting??? NOT
Can I just see you already?
byee!!!! i saw you callin out a "straight" dude earlier
well we
Saggy face bastard
#ThingsThatBotherMe: awkward tan lines...
Starting #TheHungerGames... it's my first attempt of branching away from Harry Potter.
Look at him now
Ew the bread factory never fails to play the most depressing songs that exist... It's like they want me to hate this stupid salad...
Catch all the Par 3 Contest action with us today
im playing 17s now buddy
give him my exes address.
See you there! RT : We're going to be live tweeting discussion on young men of color. Check out the conversation:
what gys are not cool so what :(
Looking forward to Sales 2.0 conference #s20c in San Francisco next week.
''Oh, I've been to Ann Arbor for a football game. Are those people serious or is that how they really act all the time?'' - Florida resident
Trail Runners, looking for a motivational movie to watch. Check out "Running The Sahara". After you watch it, let me know what you think.
Each of us feels like a CENTERIST. Those to the left of us are socialists. To the right are Neanderthals. Why can't they be smart like me?
do instill use 4sq
Nice! How much are they?
Why niggas gotta act like they DICK dont STINK?
Performing tomorrow night at the rex theater and still have tickets left hit me up if u still need yours
Oh. That is sad. I love him!
yeah, I know lol
Watup homey just hollin at ya. Seeing wat ya life like
HEY GUY FOLLOW (: Her tweets are awesome
Great day today. I went to church, sang in the choir--went to the gym.
Nice plug WI Trek Co: RT : Got a sweet new Trek bike yesterday and am about to head off on the maiden voyage - beautiful day in DC.
When people tell me there's good guys out there, it make me want to punch them in the face lol.
Thanks KP! Had a great time!
clever. Mine too...
then its time for you to go off-roading!
when my brother dresses nice i tell him "o harry wears that!" or "liam has that shirt!" and he wants to punch me...
Today Show board op fail
dj is killing it!
Hollywood makes DID look fun, but it never is.
What should I eat for dinner? Oh! There is a Foundation fundraiser at Blue Sky on 4th st!
Mr. Clutch is back!! Andre Ethier with the 2 out 8th inning home run to give the #Dodgers the lead. #ThinkBlue baby!
If QualityNewMexico is a non-profit, how do they afford these awards & banquet every year? #PyramidScheme Always some Ex-CEO speaker too.
Anyone want to watch a cute Shi Tzu 3/23 to 3/29? You have to treat him like a baby pup.
What's next? A Hologram Tour with dead stars? Nope. Y'all can keep that. Rest in peace, Pac.
Off work damn feels good to be home
watching the video now. love it
The next issue of Journal of Behavioral Optometry is at the printer and the online version is wrapping up. Watch for it soon!
I want u and to sign my panda hat will u be out side
no you are! :D
Yum Pecan pie
RT : might treat myself to a teeth flossing tonite. -- Live the dream ;-)
A lot of $ to be made out here. We got next...gone show yall how its done for real baby...stallion right here...6footer...let's go!
Who won more games in 2011? Who has more playoff wins in last 2 years? Tebow wins (ugly? perhaps, but wins)
RT : #AskRomney will you be sure to vote for Milwaukee to host the third annual Social Media Tourism Symposium??
thanks for following
lmao! i wasn't even talking about you, but hm, now that i think about it... lol, j/k j/k :P
No class!
I <3 new cover!! Bless the Broken Road-Rascal Flatts[:
right back at you!
I thought we were done telling on people in 5th grade.
I am not. Justsaying
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on(:
#IfICouldWishForAnything it would that there was a Waffle House close to my crib...
Thinking about visiting Charlottesville, VA. Anyone have hotel, restaurant, winery suggestions?
OPINION: Decriminalizing marijuana was smart. Now, let
Happy Pigs-in-a-blanket Day!! Those actually sound really good right now!
Yes, see it!!! :) I thought it was pretty funny. SO jelous u were standing next to him.
It's definitely been a media blitz lately, though not planned. Dark Shadows is my Waterloo.
cooking me some salmon im hungry as hell!!!!!!!! FOOD =)
:O NICKI! Look up there gullible written on the ceiling!
Can u rotate ur entire head too? RT : i am a night owl. hoot. hoot. `(OvO)´
i didnt know anything
I did... Several people have asked. Would've been pulling for KU. Sad huh?
I LOVE a Man that's ROMANTIC! .... Do they still make those kind of guys anymore!?
Why are there fireworks going off on the beach right now?
Stupid big ups to our boyz Smokin' Hoggz BBQ for winning the Jack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! North East represent!!!!!
heck yea it is!
Also, in case anyone is curious, I am indeed growing the beard to show Holland what an actual man's facial hair looks like.
Pacers are looking better!
Sad, #LevonHelm, R.I.P. Thank you for the memories.
Awh, my moms really pretty <3
Just got this new cologne that matches my body wash- never got so many compliments, good start to the night...
must say very nice glasses ashley!
hi thanks for following me
#douchebagalert Row of dumbasses down third base line on their cell phones waving to ppl watching at home.
The police has brutalized communities of color for years. Please stop acting so surprised by their violence.
young Pavarotti sings it through w/ repoeats for 5 minutes later in life he shortened it maybe for TV broadcast? still my favorite tenor
I've yet to see a better option for victory, or defeat
Zach Galifianakis: "Guess what I had for breakfast?" Ben Stiller: "I don't know... Egg yellows?"
At least understand and engage. Know the next generation trends RT #mlamobiletech - "Go mobile or go home?!"
I'm uploading a new cover next week. I've been working on it all this week. I'm so happy with my vocals. A LOT DIFFERENT FROM 1D.
Up Mamelodi Sundowns this is our Time...
Big Ben.
Oh man I just saw the BEST anti-marijuana PSA. Like goddamn was that straight out of the 70's?
Shout out to for the follow back..
Why do igive my time to someone , that doesnt cherish it ?
SPELL HOPSINS name correctly you idiots, its not hospin
Note to self: When working from home, before Skyping with a new business contact, CHECK THE HAIR. Gah.
eh, perhaps a hungover viewing the following day
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you if the spirit moves you!
Pilot? Alcohol-free CloSYS comes in a 3 day pack (rinse, paste, oral spray)...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning #smile. www.closys.com
hi Thisbe!! Sending out that email blast this week. How are you?
What a great concept, and cool web page!! #nice!
Stay tuned for upcoming youtube videos and footage. "Street Ink" tv. Tattin` people up hardbody.
convey's ball is wet and he got it in. #justsayin lol!!! I'm gonna get in trouble by Be nice. :D
well, I can't post or edit docs via mobile app & occasionally not on mobile site.
#Perfectrolemodels Professional athletes..Well if you look past gun/drug charges..The whole sex addiction & murder drama.
#milwaukee Look for us on TV in the near future!!!! We will disclose more detailed information when it is appropriate.
Did a session with talented solo artist Brandon Spiller!!! Turned out great! Good pianist!
Well, she does get her sense of humor from me. As for the joke, a trip to the retail store sounds like a hare raising adventure.
maybe... you know what i found out today... cats can't say yolo considering they have like 9 lives
I love teaching because I am new to the field and the kids make me feel like I am doing something worthwhile in this life.
TELL JESUS TO GIMNE HEADPHONES
tweeting is incredibly confusing
Open rebuke is better than love carefully concealed. ~Proverbs 27:5
recovering from visit to Madison Children's Museum with 15 kids--Is there hazard pay for rectors?
there is no disagreement there. Looking like my second half of the tweet didn't post!
started off doing one thing this afternoon - now i'm turned around and going in another direction all together...
how are u
holy shit I haven't talked to you in forever man! Haha I'm pretty damn good ! How you holding up?
NICE! Good thing I used my signal and followed all traffic rules :-)
"If you don’t do what’s best for your body, you’re the one who comes up on the short end." – Julius Erving
Break a leg!
Little sacrifice for access to some dude's Black Am Ex.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Best friend purses?
And tequila shots just started at work.
My eyes feel like they are going to explode <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Hey everybody, keep falling for movie stars. You totally have a chance.
Thanks so much!
and vegan too :)
That = test. Test drive.
This 4 hour practice will be
Wonder of wonders- the sky is actually BLUE today! Even, almost to the horizon.
Monday again...
Woke up feeling like a KING!! Not a damn thing can tweak my mood, I'm just continuing to stay focused on North Carolina #6Days!!
spoliers: the robots always win (cc: )
Daughter didn't want to see The Hunger Games with me even though I read it first then introduced her to the series!
: Thank you!! You just made my day! :)
Intergraph® to Provide Outage Management and Mobile Workforce Management Solution to London, Ontario, Electric Company
Emely Galvez is The Latina Effect, Latina entrepreneur impacting the college book industry!
Thanks sweets!! =) and u could my top event planner for all the charity events!! EEk!! =)
Hey let's have a chat later!
They are a tribal culture much like Europe was in the 10th century. Please study their fascinating history.
Coming your way soon!
I'm reading 'Zenzele,' a little gem of a book, and 'The mindful path to self-compassion.' I saw the goal is 8,000 today?!
Thank you for the follow! Trying to get in touch with Lindsay right now... can I DM you info to pass on?
Our new LP is set to be released soon! Send me your email address to get on the mailing list for a NEW EXCLUSIVE TRACK from our new album!
we gone have to race for her
the #BestTextMessage would be 'Hey its Austin Mahone<3" I WOULD DIE !
that's awesome you got a follow...maybe I can too, miss you here in Orlando!
no better feeling then playing guitar with sweat dripping off your face <3
If you follow me I will follow you
I think it's a generational thing -- 50s parents provided home/love/attention, and 80s parents provided home/food/money
Tough weekend but very PROUD of our #RIT Tiger hockey teams!
I'll wave to you all as you run by Starbucks
Last saw RHCP in '92. AK decided, for some reason, that he could "sing". I never looked back.
Driving thru Rodeo Drive... Where da pink zone at?
Sorry to hear that, heh
Wow this bitch came in here looking like a she got gangbanged by every maybelline product there was.
Wonder what an old navy ad by del toro would look like. And vice versa
M pizza for today's staff lunch!
damn technology is amazing. i got my phone plugged into my computer and i im using the internet on it. Verizon can suck my dick! haha
If Nash leaves, might not have any other choice. You know they will make a big push for him, though.
Almost done editing the drum track...
Sleep talking.. "I don't always drink pizza sauce.. But when l do it's jacks pizza sauce.." -
Think like a n****, act like a Lady
lol I see you
Ok! ok! i rest my case! i will make a twitter! :) ..
A Smile Can Mean A Thousand Words, But It Can Also Hide A Thousand Problems.
All I learned from replacing my low-beam by myself is that I will never have a career boosting cars
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
Haha somebody getting lucky tonite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT “: I can't wait to go to bed tonight!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2764>”
YOUR CHANCE FOR FREE TICKETS - contest till midnight tonight. Keep tweeting away! Whoever tweets the most gets 2 free tix to show on 10/16
Jamming to The Voice!!! Might be better then idol?
Oh no! The fancy Dish hopper sat tv just quit working! Hubs is playing ball & it's my 1 nite to watch what I want. Waaaah!
LoL are you kidding, he'd die in Ecstasy.....all that attention! He may be BC, but he's still a red blooded man! XD
wait till after June 1st, winters suck here
Had first critique group meeting tonight ... not too bad. No one's ego was hurt too badly & nice, professional tips by all.
#speedoland us approaching omg almost had a run in with the creatures of the darkness!!
#NW NCAA Championship Game #Kansas vs #Kentucky!! Let's go!!
Happy Mothers Day! Thanks for everything moms!!!
sounds interesting. We are experimenting with PLN's via twitter and blogs. Hope to expand next yr. I'd be glad to share.
Np : ) well im gonna go now : P TTYL : p
RT Dear I'm sure many people think you'll go to hell, but I think you might be a saint.
yes and no
Congrats to Nate Diaz! Now looking to Canelo and Cotto to pull out the W's.
Could not be more excited for my much needed hair appt!
Not a Tweetup, but there's a Something Fierce CD release party and concert this Friday 10/21 at 8pm H/T
Beautiful morning in #MKE. No doubt I'll be OPEN for #Brewers v. #Reds tonight.
Back to PA. Driving 6 hrs is really fun.
Finally done!!!! In car listening to WMYB!!! ;)
Financial checklist for widow(er)s in new relationships
I'm really sorry for your loss, Dee!!
wild right?
ha ha we were just watching that too! Hbo?
ok that's kinda adorable...
You are quite an exceptional person & already make the world a more exciting place to live :) HUGS!
well shit. looks like i won't be sleeping any time soon...
I chug protein like a champ.
just dawned on me; all these years I've been writing songs and I've never had to use a rhyming dictionary! go me! but really whats the hype?
RT Thought of the Day: Eggs are a lot like life: Rich in possibilities and full of surprises.
I'm not saying it wouldn't work, but I don't know how we would ever sign anyone again.
working a double at the firehouse starting today! the weekend should be fun!
-Okay kuz I got to do mines too-!
#Love is only complicated to those who make it so. - WillN
Yo! Anyone coming to House Of Blues on the 11th?
Hello everyone (:
“: When I say “The other day” It can mean any time from yesterday, to 364 days ago...” sounds like
is it terribly crowded at coffee zone? Everywhere on campus is crazy right now I might head that way
#YouNotUglyBut you dont know how to carry yourself.
come to Phillyy please!! I am in love with you and your voice and we can celebrate #soberliving <3
Channel 10 is doing a story on student reaction of the renovated Thompson right now! Watch later today for the story!
Our services will be launching middle of June. Appointment bookings start Monday June 18th. Stay tuned for Twitter discounts/promotions.
If it makes you feel better, the soph girl under me doesnt talk to me either, I even gave her a brownie once! not cool
dammmnnnn why it gotta rain oh well im ready for that rain sex #Random Thought
Could have done w/o the dog waking me up at 1 AM the night before spring break ends. Also could have done w/o the dog waking me up at 230 AM
trust me! It's AMAZING! :)
can I join? Lol
Looking for candidates for an IP Records Specialist in NYC, this is a temporary assignment looking for candidates with intellectual propert…
but since navteq is int he mix, still a 5K daily limit.
Those Spellman books look grand! Definitely adding them to my TBR pile.
I'm mad everybody wanna be claimin l's doe lol df lame asses..no limit stones own that
2103093139 follow my other page im deleting this one
follow back (?<U+2665>
SHIT AND THATS HOW ITS GONNA BE...
Would love a show...Decorating is expensive...get over it and get professional help
It was so great to meet you at the Natural Baby Fair yesterday!
How 'checkpoint ' proteins bind chromosomes New research has pinpointed the precise mechanism by which spindle checkpoint proteins bind c
Loving Times Square Right Now!
Insomnia...was fighting it but then peoples horoscopes starting showing up on my TL
Pizza sub is the $5 Footlong for May? Clutch play Subway, clutch play.
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't like people.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 25
WISH U WHERE WERE HERE ,,,,,,,LOVE U
LET'S GO GET IT D-TOWN!
Glad to see you survived your bday, good sir!
that's true. Most underrated.
Spokane shoot.
Stop Bullying Beliebers
my ability to be subtle goes out the window when I work 14 hours in a single day. It really did smell like death in there..
#IfIHadThePower I would
your there for Me all the time on my iPod, please come to Omaha for a concert.
The Nbox is currently in development, and minds are guaranteed to be blown when it releases. Are you ready? Are we? No one knows. Find...
Thank you! We'll send some invites your way, hope you can come...
Show at the boardwalk on the 25th! Can't wait.
So, Beyonce and Jay-Z's baby totally lives up to the hype. She is adorbs.
form of address change — wonder twin powers, activate!
Young ass nigga. Life long dreams...
ooh, i can bring in one of the many cans of ghirardelli hot cocoa mix that are tumbling around my apartment!
then why are you wasting your breath right now?
drat sorry I didn't see this earlier, we do have spots for on-site registration
so do you know drew or just a fan
You could change your Twitter handle from startabuzz to gottabuzz. ha! :-D
grandpa: im not good enough for heaven and not bad enough for hell so god just left me here with you crazy bastards i call family!
Christianists or Christianism - words needed to make important distinctions.
Playing the always great Genghis Cohen tonight! Great venue, great chinese food. 740 N Fairfax in LA. Come out for some live
Always good to show up to the office on Signing Day and find out we already have 3 new members of the Pack!
Free love <3. btw, can you follow me?
rostrum records are the people who signed and I know they will acknowledge you.That's why I emailed
#nw Hart of Dixie :)
note taken! :)
don't you think?
#badcamp session on education and #drupal is really good. exciting stuff
::shrug:: guess that's tomorrows problem ..now where's that damn margarita
If a doctor prescribes medicine, take it!!! >:l
Printing Green and the other colors too. SGP certified and many others. Printing #Green because we care!
while walking to work in the rain I reached my quota for the day.
you for the mention!
#thingsthatscareme: in NC I could marry but not a girl I am not related too?
My mom is the BEST. I'm stuck in the library while she is in Carmel meeting James Franco and she asked him to sign an autograph for me!
Hey just confirming our apt. tonight. Let me know if something changes. Ramsey
I had the most weirdest dream last night haha
Keep it up the music is great n.n!
any word on nursing space at Wegmans Northborough?
miss you too! <3
Gunman go to grandmas music store to hit upthe drums(:
.. Don trying to hold it down and keep the tributes positive
Acting different around certain people<<
Future album go hard
first cooking class/Bible storytelling night with the Iraqi Muslim ladies in our complex!! so excited to see how the Lord works :)
Cinco de Mayo-ing!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
the old ones with the huge glasses and long hair are the best
Games don't make people violent, lag does.
Student tells Board: "Like others, I have benefitted from the FLES program. Please don't cut it."
Next act: Plant a rosebush in a dumpster fire. RT : Engaging in a discussion about Wahoo w locals at Tilted Kilt = massive fail
Shocked to find out how nice the people are in Detroit. Even on 8 mile, when they robbed me, they at least let me keep my ID for my flight.
You're welcome! We're looking forward to seeing you on to talk about #MOBConf today.
Make sure to check out our facebook page for BTS photos from video shoots, events & parties! www.facebook.com/elephilms
please follow she follow back she has amazing tweets
Z Greinke is a BEAST!
that's what I thought too! We were the only ones in the whole 2 stories. Should close down by next month. Lol
it's no J-block regulators, but it'll have to do.
Is it me or #Boehner is getting more red?
Hey , would you be open to a live public sacrifice of a virgin at home plate? We could sell tickets and everything. Think about it.
I'm jealous of people who get to see you everyday.
When you will not come out, God will send a word in!!!
That's a great plan!
Thanks Heather! We are told we should learn to be fine with flowers-I don't buy it. Real love is priceless and real men rare
Good morning Twitterverse. I'm wondering what this new day will bring!
Wishing everyone a very Happy New Year! May 2012 bring you only good things!
all i want is for him to want to text me, for him to start the conversation, for him to even acknowledge me...why is that soo hard.
nice job on the SXSW presentation today.
bet my nigga
Beer pong, jäger bomb jello shots, green apple jello shots, blowjob shots and Carmel apple shots. Last night was a blast
Someone wanna help a buddy out and get me sum more followers
Cast me instead of Keanu. Whoa. RT Warner Bros plans on remaking Point Break. Really? How do you recreate perfection?
Just finishing my own brand name. I have my business on lock right now twitter.
definitely. Dude I am so excited lol. Have u been upto anything lately?
meeting with a couple of my investors for lunch!
I honestly think that I like Joe Giudice becuz of his alpha dog mentality.. That is just a domestic violence case waiting to happen.
we'd like to chat with you about your participation in Carry the Load. Got an email or phone#?
Thanks for helping out so many of our Partners with their taxes. So honored to be able to recommend you each year! :-)
Can I get a retweet for a Ravens fan who shares your Birthday?
that post is excellent food for thought, Grant.
ALALALALAA.. MY BIRTHDAY'S ON SATURRDAY. ;D
I don't do sports.
and you love it
Watching my favorite movie, Grease :D
did we just fist pump and blow it up?
I am listening to my iPod songs in alpha order & all the songs starting w/ "S" are ALL crazy good! Like, all No. 1 hits!
hope you are doing great, been off twitter for a bit on a job.
whatever you'll share with me.
Should be asleep but I rather keep eating chocolate chip cookies and potato chips...oh boy, I'm in trouble.
is hideously disappointed by it all!!
My receipt says 'Jay', so that's who I handed it to. I left a note on it, as well.
": Trying to kiss me lolololololol" boys callin dibs on me. Go away. I gotta niggga
Last night, one of my customers cried to me and told me how much I helped her with her relationship and how happy she is now. I love my job!
Bards of mermadia this weekend! Oiey!
Tell Cenk the girls soccer fight NOT a fight. Fights involve 2 ppl. Grl curled up in defense- not fight, assault.
Thank God my Philosophy class was canceled this morning!
have you worked with us before? Would love to have you in for a tasting!
Should I stay or should I go?
. Im down. Get one for me if u decide on austin
Yea, I c now
iknoowwwwwwwwww -hugs you again-
Lovely indeed! Catching up much overdue, and such great ideas for my next degree :-)
yeah i know me and you both just miss waking up early to watch cartoons all day haha
peanut butter pecan lol
oh I had somewhere for u to go
horsebackriding with the cheetah girls... :)
Exactly. Maybe time to move on to something else?
hahaha she told me
my life right now.
How long is the wait?
What a busy few days!! Sorry I haven't been more attentive this weekend. I'll try harder ;) mwah!
Joe Flacco needs to shave his stache
An individual who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can never be happy or realize anything worthwhile.
It's the oatmeal from the program. I don't think it's steel cut.
Never drinking that much coffee ever again in my life.
Me:What time is it? Friend:2:30 Me:IT'S YUNHO TIME! Friend: ...I'm pretty sure it's 2:30. Me:-___- okay.
I AM TO BE ENVIED. ENVY ME.
not reading your blog anymore, sorry.
Flying and burrowing rodents aren't much of a problem here, either. It's the desert thing.
Commercial audition for Wild Turkey Bourbon... confident about this one.
Happy Leap Year...enjoy your extra day
We are working on our second contest stay tuned for updated on how you can win some free money
look up RA Lafferty story "Hog-Belly Honey". Three men plus extras.
you know hot guys are from tumblr...some
u dunking on someone Saturday? I'm playin in the game
It Takes them a whole goddamn hour for charile to find that golden ticket it the movie. WTF. That's the whole movie right there.
you're cupcakes look great! Please check out our website www.roguecupcakes.com
finally got those SUPER sunglasses back in stock
Today has been good!
I like you for you. That means something, Bro!
So are there back up refs or what?
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I'm eating breakfast now because I'll be too lazy and busy to do it in the morning.
theres no prob wit how fast ur posting the stories,its just gettin into a gud part. But i understand :)
Done for the week. Now begins a ballin outrageous weekend
Behind every bitch is a girl who got tired of being broken.
dreaming & achieving... in that order
On vacation in my own town.. boredom never sets in here, esp with & !
Open mic tonight! Starts at 930 hope to see our great group of musicians here!
Peak -a- boo
Wow, is looking rather studly today during the Superbowl pre-game show.
Big Vince, little fan!
Okay, I'm pretty patriotic, but the collector coin commemorating SEAL Team Six makes me wanna gag. That's just a bit much.
dude i knowww
We will be connected forever bcs of that song.
You're totally unbiased when it comes to reporting on other Big Ten schools.
#gameofthrones was excellent. Feeling bad for John Snow but excited for #Theon to feel the wrath from the
we have nothing to worry about. I'm bringing extra weights to our gym on Monday.
#FF for , former Chapter President, and one of the organizing forces behind the #SSAC in Boston today.
wake up, I have the midnight munchies. Lets go eat.
Tanking pro tip: play 6 minutes, have you best player - Klay Thompson - get ONE touch.
William Shakespeare's MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING, Friday and Saturday night beginning at 8 pm, $5.
It's back up now!
Psychological case study material: A conservative, fundamental Christian accusing post-abortive women of not taking responsibility.
Watching Swedish House Mafia on #CoachellaLive... pretty close to just buying next weekend's ticket.
back from a commercial callback~ it's a beautiful day n i'm feeling god! :)
no it's not. Lol.
Good morning world!
RT : Are curators roadblock to digital success? The failure of digital strategy seems to be failure to collaborate.
Did you know if you are a college student you can qualify for a mortgage? Ask me how
Im in s wood kooling
But wait i do that most of the time anyways oh well nigga gotta do wut he want.
Franklin square, 3 trucks here slinging tacos for lunch, it's like the dc taco truck hall of fame.. So come down and mcnabb some lunch a$ap!
thanks we are in Cincinnati Oh, check our Facebook page!
Is it a podcast? I know you told me this but I have a brain like a sieve.
So many of my academic friends were mocking my obsession w/ #Greys and #P. Now #Scandal's on#, everybody loves
Building a better body in 2012.
50 % of the people are wrong 50 %of the time. And the other get it wrong half of the time. I'm 100% right about that half the time.
I never got that recording thing working, my tech savvy Aunt was away. Hopefully this weekend we'll get the job done!
Who wants to text or Skype? Im bored lol
What do you know, the most overrated, overhyped mediocre team in recent memory-- the Knicks -- is likely going to get swept. Again.
They got that out of their system last year! Focus is on 16, 2 down 14 to go!
How serious are you about drinking right now?
hawaii for the week
This years possible #2 seeds are really better then 2of the 1seeds
what's the link for the video?
In the 1950s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes per day. Today’s average is in the realm of 4-6 minutes per day (on a good day).
working my store orders and shipping packages and about to clean out those that dontfollow back what r you doing
Big day! Thanks Tony! RT : Grats on the release of Parallel Mafia! Big day for you and the team! :)
Gah, He's back in my life. But I cant tell anyone...
Really enjoying #dirtysoap on e! Great job &
Hugs can either make you smile or make you cry.
Me and my family is at Kemah with I'm glad u riding with the kids I can't do I'm scared. Me & bae posted up in da shade
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Mid-term grades are now available for 1st year students (if reported) via Student Center
The phones are ringing off the hook now that my minion have the correct number.
$40 to fill up my little civic.... Boo :/
I think
These sluts signing Britney Spears, lololol.
Greensburg 30-23 at half over Batesville and Richmond beat New Castle in New Castle
I don't say this enough but I truly love and appreciate all you. Be safe and have a great weekend.
RT : The HIV rate is high in ATL.....yall better strap it up #fb<=Three times! U'll last longer. Literally!
"We just need to score fifty hundred more points." -- my daughter, the #kubball fan.
#ILikeWhen I get to spend an entire day with
you bet! Just too bad they couldn't keep up.
you should write part 16!!!! i am addicted haha.
I'm Up
What's everyone up to???
#FaceOff It's on my DVR. Watching later tonight.
Thanks for the very insightful tips. Maybe you should stick to the enconomy and news ;)
hope you're ok. Maybe you need snow tires for your cane ; )
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me! PLEASE YOU DO ME AND MY SPEECH A FAVOR
Arizona feels like my 2nd home. Just landed in PHX. Scottsdale here we come.
K done trying to talk to you... When u wanna talk, then okay
Great quote! For me, too many to list. Thanks for the reminder!
Oh god morning good morning good morning
yeah? I could ditch work too, but only for good seats! Where are we sitting? I'm thinking Sec 135.
You are all awesome!
Apparently the stupid people are out in fucking hordes today......
RT - Do me a favor and check all those links out so you'll be in the know for the 2011 Miami Dolphins season. Plenty of hi...
seems like there are a million better options of places to paint your nails than a bus and a lecture.
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The darkest hour
: and unfortunately too many of the students professors as well
your tweets help me kno when a girl wants my balls, so thanks (:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Not sure if perfection can describe it but this has been just the most amazing little month.
yeah it's aproblem isn't it..
thanks for the follow and support Kiley today is my unbirthday and check out
Awesomeness is not knowing your pants are on backwards until after your run.
Purple prom dress circa '00 just doesn't fit right. Backup dress circa much more recently will have to do for tonight's #bikeprom!
place looks great. Did Kris call you today ?
If you're getting just one, that's a good place to start.
do you know what wisdom is? 'no' .... wise answer. - 7 faces of dr. Lao
I was layn down watchn Lake Placid...
RT : Truely beautiful ceremony! R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Today shall be interesting
FINALLY im done Christmas shoppin... Which means im broke now..... Smh
Hope everyone is ready to rock their black, white, and/or red outfits at the booze & dessert reception 2nite.
Hmm.. We have time. ;p
Sexy bodies= Major turn on!
RT : Check out this week's Photo Friday which highlights a range of collections and activities throughout the Center!...
i RT'd 's tweet/link BUT i DONT agree with what was said. There's no 'may be' the best fans ever. #TeenWolf fans ARE the BEST FANS EVER
it was so good I was in the second row, such a great performer!
SPECIALS!!! FREE FREE FREE POSTERS WITH PURCHASE
You dont have a HAM radio? You n00b. Go buy the honey-glazed one. It gets signals from Turkey...
Getting ready for the #mammoth game
Hernandez is a beast...love the versatility
yeah out was funny and made me wonder if I'd read your earlier post about clothes incorrectly. I rechecked. lol
OMG ~~~ My daughters having a GIRL :) ~~~~~ IM going to be an Aunt LOL I know I dont feel like a Grandma, LMAO
Jets:Colts game back n forth. didn't expect this. go colts!
Maurice Sendak - it can't be true. Thanks for all the greatness - childhood is richer for you.
I want!!! where did you buy it from?!?! =D
That moment when you think your liver hurts by you Keep going I need a coach no one can keep up
"when I was a sprout" oh pop.
I use twitbird. Love it
Thanks for the follow man... Hopefully we can connect! Blessings!
Hi May, 29 days till my birthday<U+2764>
I ate an entire box of samoas today...oops! But SO GOOD
I'm sure it's been around for ages, but this is the first time I've witnessed a giant stack of fax spam.
ok...let me get to bed.
Kudos for raising $5126.10 for the this weekend at Raise the Roof at U of Nebraska!
hey Brian! We're you're Texas street team! Follow back?
CHECK OUT TAMMANY HALL, 152 ORCHARD ST, 22ND MAY SQUALA ORPHAN PLAYING WITH LESPECIAL AND DREZZO
The only thing worse than TV is commercials.
#NP Look What You've Done by
Have fun!! I wish I was there!
guess who gets to be a part time project engineer???
you know it Mr. McGinnis. Looking forward to it as always!
I'm wondering the same thing.
Henry just misses one and flies out to the track in center.
i wasn't ever the best decision maker -___-
NOW PLAYING "THE LAST SONG" BY ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW LETS GO!!!
See you tonight!
Headed to Omaha with the family. Seeing some great friends and headed to the Omaha zoo on Sat.
no!!!! I'm really careful about what I download nowadays...those were just awesome and thought I should share 'em! #payitforward :)
#CollabDNA Fit? Absolutely. Can't wait to share. "MA focus community engagement, strat planning in #K12"
sick set last night! What was that insane remix you dropped??
Awh. Well I hope you feel better! Don't party to hard. (;
That play better be a part of 's Top Plays!
was serious about sending you that Hose MD t shirt you tweeted :)
Forest Lake school board hesitates on buying ice arena - Chicago Tribune
BWAHAHAHA. Sorry I was distracted by cute heterozygoats.
Thank you Austin for making our first year as The Goat a success!!
Headed to City Hall today #ROC? The February Camp Biz Kid$ will be selling hot chocolate from 12-2pm today! Come support
And #AWP12 ends with me drinking alone, in a hotel lobby. Sniff. Well not quite, I am having dinner with a poet later.
Always here to lend a shoulder ... RT : oh I feel much better now, thanks for showing me the big picture.
:D One Direction <3
26-yr-old man rescued near Multnomah Falls 3am Lost since 1pm Monday. Went off the trail, talked to rescuers by phone. He is not hurt.
Thierry Henry going back to Arsenal for 2 months!
justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine YMCMB ARTST BRISCO WILL BE LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTION www.smilezdagr8.com
1) When carriers decided that people who used adhoc needed another dataplan. 2) GO FOR IT!
no1currs what you think Jorge Ramos
That awkward moment when you have an awkwardly close relationship with your best friend
I look like a scuzbucket
My nephew got a Jewish ring from the museum I asked him did he survive the holocaust
No, it wasn't the best I've seen, but I still love it!!
That awkward moment when someones talking and you zone out and they finish so you just kinda say "yeahh."
hey who is this? <3
Switched off Obama India speech. WH press corps will get it down to 140 characters or less.
Thanks for the follow. Social media is the way forward.
It always feels good at the time but I dislike waking up with scratch marks on my back
LOLOL could've been pretty sweet if it really was Madison lol
Brunching with #laurenperez in the city. , jealous??
Happy 2 help! RT: I can't tell U how many times Sunbelt granola bars & Smileys fruit snacks have saved my life.
We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest
On days like this, I'm so thankful I have a huge pool. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Just went boogie boarding with my kids on the most beautiful day at the beach ever. Pretty awesome, really. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out their! <3 Especially you !! (: I wish your boys were home with you!! <3
i'm praying that you and I might end up together :) <3
The Rangers have a plus-46 run differential thus far. The M's have scored only 53 runs total.
fons' class sucks.
I was going through the #firstworldproblems tag and I know where that bikini is from, it's made by Primark. :D
is almost at 30,000 followers....let's do this!
RT if you want to be the 100th person I've followed!
happy monday tweeps lets start the work week of with a bang!
passing out dum dums again tomorrow! "enjoy a dum dum and vote drum drum!" ;D
Delighted 2 B mutually following with:
I hope one of these Rangers kicks this gingers (Neil) ass!!...I hate gingers lol
I would take that up with GCP. I tweet and support them. What do you enjoy? I'll make a recommendation.
Inside Line says: We like this new trend toward smaller-displacement engines with better fuel economy and more grunt.
For a cat, you are deep. Peace out!
I'm bout to txt yu right now sir.!
Well, you seem to do a pretty good job! Your passion for webseries is admirable. Keep it up!
He was among several witnesses to discuss servicing practices.
For the record, I love the
"I believe what self-centered men have torn down men other-centered can build up." From MLKing, Jr. Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech
Thanks man! I'll look into it right away!
Dude, is totally wearing red jacket.
RT : Your holiday plans are set what about your pet? Call K-Dog and we will take care of them!
Took a good nap...just woke up
I wont be in study hall today waah :( but of course i still got my coffee hehehe ;)
the secret to a student-driven classroom? When kids ask "can we?" stop saying no and holding back their learning.
gud n u
happy thursday!!! Xoxo
Im so excited! #BOYFRIEND10DAYS !! can't wait to hear it! :)
Every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one had no time to write down. - Hector Berlioz
Trying to find a nice way to tell my boss I'm quitting.
thanks! Pleasure to meet you :)
Agreed! + RT Best week shooting with
haha yes you are! and i did!
Evangeline Lilly from #Lost. Really?
Renewing my borrower's card at UNC... also settling my library fines. As a librarian, we're most inclined to rack up fines. Sad, but true.
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like
Yeah, dude sounds sleepy. RT : They better get Larry Merchant a double espresso before the main event...
Now that I'm finally over you, you decide to like me again. Sorry babe don't work lile thaatt.
At #cgburgers with The 120+ soda fountain is really exciting him.
FYI ma life is a movie. everyday some movie Shit comes ma way... smh
What do you get when you divide a loaf by a knife.
Maybe it then.....
#NYR TELL ME WHO'S GONNA SCORE THE GAME WINNER (FOR THE #RANGERS OF COURSE) TONIGHT ???
LADY!! Looks like you and I are both new to twitter haha.. I'm coming to see you soon at your new job!<3
can u follow me back???
Damn. I just took a nap!
I did but it was a baby one n my mom has to take one to a family thing today since I'm not going
I'm surprisingly happy!
Brilliant! That's adorable.
Let the party begin! #Giants baby!
RT : Attending Kick off Event on Sept 29? Did you know we are giving away a IPad? Spread the word!
Rudy and ZBO is out lol
Improving taxi quality. Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservice.
three things were bad about it the long walks,people,and the price of food the good thing about was the rides and the teen girls
Good job denver haha
Workin early...i didnt wanna leave my warm bed!
Def.initely. the best half time show of the last 5 yrs, if not decade. Tell me im lying
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying - Michael Jordan
Just 1 more month to go! RT Countdown to ! We're excited to see you, booth
Ok San Diego, head to your nearest and grab a
I just read a Royals article contributing the low attendance on Saturday to the #SportingKC game against RSL that night.
So alone and so quiet in this office...am I supposed to be somewhere else?
I cannot decide who has the more awesome outfit in that picture. Tie? Also, the cats are hideously insulted.
I like makeup
You called it. RT Here comes the tired pun from Nantz using the word "mountain" or "engineer"...
and there was about 15 girls
Luh ya boo boo
She Can Tell Me Whether They Accepted Me Or Not! :)
I can't fuckin wait til monday!!! Me and this nigga got work to do!!!!
the job hunt continues
Clippers vs Spurs up next Time
it's narrowed down to Dale Hansen, Troy Dungan, Randy White or the guy that owns Uncle Julio's.
Who goes to 42nd street to the Peep shows anymore ???????
what part of the country are you in Gary?
not working on my self-eval today.
Mekhi Phifer, Phylicia Rashad to star in Atlanta production of ‘Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner” - July 10-29.
Are you attempting to correct the stereotype with another stereotype or propagating what the NYTimes told you? :)
Calipari called you a "barking dog". I think that was too generous. Get a life you Syracuse homer.
Good for Conn. Death penalty flawed in application, shld be band nat'nwide
For the first time in a long time, I'm happily at peace with the way things are in my life. :]
I can not believe that!! :(
My new favorite teaching phrase: "please take out your internet-compatible device...."
Sure thing. Do you work with Kate?
some ones high as balls
Always a good choice! RT lol sweet ;) sounds like a great time watching ferris bueller!! :p
Y'all should try and get Mr. Digger Phelps on the phone tomorrow!
thunder over mavs
Uh-oh :-s So that single escalator/staircase at Union Station Metro station is basically a death trap waiting to happen, right?
Nurse flirting and calling me "papi" >>>>
Just grabbed my sister from infront of a moving bus
Just looked at the forecast for Chiang Mai - 99, 97, 96, 94... Yikes! It's usually 80ish I'd heard. Guess I need to change my packing a bit.
thanks for the follow!!
Where do I volunteer for harassment? lol.
Latetr kids I'm off to buy some last minute mommy day presents
Wow! The legal IP issues around 3D captured data are overwhelmingly complex! Thanks for bringing to the #3DConference. Really interesting!
& he should sing the chorus too. That'd be the icing on the cake lol.
Sallisaw, OK - almost back in Arkansas again. The state must have a magnetic draw on me.
I just had the best pizza of my life lol
Hello. We would like to offer you a free environmental screening report code. Given that you work with Commercial Real Estate :)
Audrey you are soo much fun to hang out with. Had a real good time watching the chipmunks last night
Waiting for lakers game to start this orlando vs Boston game intense I love the NBA
amazing word of the real Africa in the shape of the continent!
G Street Food on G and 17th, across from the OEOB
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. ~ Lao Tzu
I havent had in n out in a while. Someone wanna get me some animal style fries
This show is stupid
This ABDC Season there's one teenage group & today we'll find out who the real ICONiacz are. Lets see who leaves and goes to the other team
. is it true that cyclists ride free 14-18 May?
New Firmware Enhances Canon XF-Series Camcorders, Supporting Popular Broadcast Recording Format
I just dont want to talk to anyone right now...
RT : According to Joe if Pres Obama believes in State's rights he is just like George Wallace.
How was Immortals on a second viewing?
RT : have a great day everyone
“: I told u guys yesterday #finaldestination” 4get those clowns - SPURS
LMAO at the morning show #FATHER!! Shirley Caesar&Lil Wayne..w/ the drunk uncle!!! ~GNR~
shut up!!
Headed to the Printer's Row Lit Fest! be jealous--it's one big book fair!
Thinking about who to call in Hollywood to get an audition to be a blogger corpse on CSI. Would you settle for "The Mentalist"?
Hahaha it can't hurt! :)
I can describe every student at Belmont today with three phrases: fast-pacing, test-cursing, frantic-printing
RT : Will b at #SSSMTweetup on 4/18 w/ the and I'd better not be the only one hash-tagging!
gotta see your black ass then
We're looking forward to another great show with you tonight :) Can't wait to rock out at Township!
The proof that this marriage was a fraud is that Kris Humphries is white. We need discuss no further.
Good season Grizzlies!
Glad you are OK!
"I don't believe in Western Medicine" sounds so much more eloquent than "I can't afford health insurance."
There are those who are so scrupulously afraid of doing wrong that they seldom venture to do anything. ~Vauvenargues
we are currently having a discount for smog checks at #$40 if you call or set an appointment for today June 14, 2011
If you aren't an active participant in your childs life #timeforchange you won't get this time back again
Watching laugh at my pain!
Thank you so much! I'm glad you found me :)
Spiders are #Mean <U+2603> -A
People are walking too slow
RT It is not just DO DO DO. It is not just BE BE BE. It is DO-BE-DO-BE-DO. Amit Goswami
Emily is no joke#
<3 that place!
omg you guys
Its so funny that Scooter knows when he's getting in trouble by me just pointing the FINGER lol Love it
Would love to give a s/o to my bestfriend
What's the URL for that? The web page I've seen?
At least I found the students also interested before the next event Thurs. Plus only have 2 pprs this wk, not 6
ha aha Mike Smith save that acting for next game when your in LA. Wow...you looked like Brayden Schenn right there....hahaha
lol... Aye there's nothing I can do about that.
Not to worry. I figured that out later.
about this because we don't see eye to eye. If you think your ready, fine Saturday pick her up at 3:30 and ring her back at 7.
#Fact: the length of your penis is inversely proportional to the length of your coffee order
Photo of build week on front page www.jsonline.com
Rawsh for president government subsidized Hookas in every household lol
: Swiss banks hide about $680 billion for brutal dictators around the world.
I love you !
There is nothing like a well made reposado margarita.
Just got a "see you in 12 hours" email from my mom. So glad she's visiting for a long weekend!
HOE DON'T YOU GOT A FAKE BALD HEADED HOE HAiR TO DO??....
haha, what happened?
Right? Weird. RT I'm still waiting for Variety to announce that Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs is an April Fool's joke
Here. Have another sacrifice. No thanks Ive had too much.
thank you :)
As in, "this place is full of FOADs."
:) :) hey so where's your party at tonight?
When they are succesful, teams are often said to achieve something which is greater than the sum of their individual parts! Let's do this!
I had such an amazing day yesterday!!! And I got the moat amazing birthday present ever!! :)
Sitting in on engaging with social media communities for the right reasons and outcomes. Looks like a great panel!
just got up. What's good dollface?
I do suffer fools. I'm about to change this policy.
Enjoy nights out on the town in an affordable luxury limo. Get your quote today 619.225.8466
yep! I laughed haha just have to add the watermark and fix the tumblr a bit!
Nice meeting u in person Sarah. Great job! Great seeing u guys
So im eatin a poptart and bein #Chill and tryin to help and trend #Chill (:
It's not well known but Noel: Christmas Eve 1913 by John Denver is probably my absolute favorite Christmas song.
Haha I would not want to run the risk of rewarding that type of behavior...
If yo stomach sticks out further than yo butt yu have #NoAssAtAll .
For gas station attendants, that is.
its been going on for a while x)
SHUT UP CHIP! The only thing you've ever done right in life is make a smokin hot daughter!
good luck have fun
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
really? Where you going?
for real! <3
Who knew 2012 was going to be so cold. I am freezing my face off in New York.
That's one of the funniest things I've ever seen lol
Seeking Store Manager in AR, know anyone?
Baby Alien Costume Just have a look!
Thursday's luncheon tasting at BIN to feature Scallops PLT. Count me in to taste and tweet. Join me- apply at www.TasteTweet.com
I liked the super bowl, enough to not want to be that close to it again. New Yorkers are meanies... :(
struggling to keep the eyes open today... #caffeine shot may be necessary.
Thanks to the Mayans (& Threadbird), 2012 is going to be awesome!
would be great if your discussions today w/ on digital pedagogy made it into let me know if you have ideas
hahaha.. Nice ( ; we drove back home.
Ready to go.
who talking you to
What team will be helped most tonight by the wet field conditions?
“Silly is you in a natural state, and serious is something you have to do until you can get silly again.” Mike Meyers
They should have iPad's in the dentist's office rather then magazines
The Marlins left field sculpture looks like a giant slot machine.
People assume a certain perspective. Naturally ruining everything.
I had a wonderful day of mixing and productive meetings! Life is good.
I agree 23 LOB this series, not a good start.
The #illuminati is a story invented by haterz that hate on the people that made it, In my opinion.Live your life and do you!
SCREW YOU MANAGEMENT, SCREW YOU
oh great. A whole evening of wow-they-did-that-song-but-I-still-don't-care.
Carlos said I should be on btr because I'm awesome(:
i'm home, alex is picking me up!
I've never even seen a goal like that in video games.
Tired of living like a candle in the wind.
Congratulations to the #minnesota on being the 70th best basketball program in the country!
played for simon cowell, leonardo dicaprio, steve wynn, etc last night
i'll be on vacation :/
Thanks for the follow Gossipreneur! Hope to see ya in Miami!
RTFLMAO! Maybe she should look in her closet and notice how Stanley Hubbard bailed on her and her loud mouth.
The fucking lion king two is my shit
"I know she want my venom, but i'ma leave it in her" AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STRAIGHT UP Lol.
Anyone know if is serving bubble tea yet?
if i chug a pint of whiskey and walk in a perfect straight line do i get the bottle half price
Spread the word, and If you happen to come across any skilled JS or Python devs, send them our way. :)
Just ate dinner it was good
Obsessed with - taking up the mantle of hip hop.
Let me get my spoon n dig in RT : I'm eating Nutella straight out of the jar with a spoon.
D: Justin Bieber is so freakin' hot! #OhMyLawd!
I need to write a paper called "Ruined Vacations: The Revolution will probably follow you"
haha the room has never looked so clean!
Dude, i dont know if its the color red that attracts me, but damn. !
Thoughts ? RT:: (772): Remind me again why a vodka watermelon can't be a thanksgiving dish
hair done nails done everything did ;)
Thank you again, Cheers and happy shamrock shakes to you.
MO House takes up SB 576 related to charter school accountability and access.
Hardcore shows, people get hit. Underground hip hop shows, people get stabbed. but that's just my experience, idk about you.
We'll always have Netflix! (I know...it's not the same.)
My eyebrows are really getting out of control.
***We're basically like evite, except when your friends open the invitation, it's to a web-based group fitness challenge . . . not a party.
Spoiler Alert: it reads "NOFOTOS".
#SMCRVA meeting some of my twitter crushes (no one has confessed their #twittercrush on me yet) w/ and
I think it's blackberry and I've never tried it but I want to.
Lol! oh god sam. Now im worried hahaa
He's on 5 Commercials rest.
lol I didn't notice...was listening to the song an tweeted it...
I'm about to go to sleep and I'm 6 hours behind you....
CKC Custom Homes is an award winning family owned company serving San Antonio TX and surrounding areas.
Hope you feel better soon! ")
Navy is one of our best sellers! The lime is a lot of fun but VERY bright! Next time, let us know & we'll send some swatches!
#everytwittertimeline is filled with those annoying quotes
Either Former Mayor Koch is a American or Is he a Israeli? Because He is too much into Other Countries Government Policies?
happy birthday<3
Thank you so much! looks great! I hope my art will further the cause!
Yeah i agree its the best especially for the both of us since were feeling the same way.Im 1OO% sure Ive been
Literal quote from Insane Producer: "Why is this ice cream cake still frozen?!"
Im pretty much.crazy about
I thought he'd gotten that one as well...
Hey guys we have a 2 page spread in Smash Magazine so if you live in AZ, NV and CA you can pick one up at Zia Records and other music shops!
Ran 6 miles today!!! Whew. That was super hard. 4 more miles with 4 more weeks left til the race.
CONT...evacuees housed at city hall. No word in when they will be allowed back home. Just watched as MG&E brought in a backhoe. Gas is off.
Feel Like Workin' Out Right Now!
cinco de mayo is a white people's holiday
...and yet...part of me really misses thoroughly academic discussions.
I appreciate the irony of a power outage at Candlestick Park.
Excited first day of work so close to home
twitter is treating me good...can't complain. Btw, nice pic
Speaking of engagement sessions, psyched to have one in WashingtonDC this fall. LUV that town.
"Now look at me, I'm sparkling, a firework, a dancing flame, you won't ever put me out again"
I still believe
Some jabroni just yelled Go Lakers during Natl Anthem leading to a chorus of boos... during the Natl Anthem
sorry but I'm team #teamchicken #Forever<3
Marathon training: 20 mile run today. Although technically it'll be a 15 mile run and a 5 mile hobble
reluctantly learning a technology i've been avoiding for three years
Really loving this After School mix!
RT : Realization: since each Kanji is one Unicode character, Twitter is far more expressive in Japanese.
Very Cool, Pam! It feels so good to get things DONE!
RT : amazing night in Baltimore. Inspiring. Now ready to rock it.
Five great Christmas shows done! Still exhausted two days later!
Stop complaining about how 'broken' you are and get your life together!
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing today?
I've done some notetaking lessons w/ iBrainstorm & leafsnap. If you send me you DM your email, I'll send my app list. Thanks!
Highlight of my day was :-)
Yup, #PR, on the social media side. Great to hear you're liking your Sensation!
omg!! I know! I haven't seen u in way too long George!!
It's What Would You Do Wednesday time on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com maybe you have some advice?
what about having Diana Ross on your show as a judge ???
I agree with you there, too. Excellent choice
Haha he'd be doing Rondo a favor..After this season he'll have to carry the load himself unless he gets a superstar..
ED IM OVER HERE STILL LAUGHIN!
He should be fine cuz i saw an old tweet frm him a couple weeks ago that he was gonna go on vaca soon #loyals :)
Your buffet lunch is very delicious. Every day is a good day for your lunch!
now I know why you hair looks like that.
awkward ... I read 1/2 of it today & all the things u said about it so far is true
where's it at?!
Curating credentials is the hot topic where students connect educational credentials. We need to get support subcredentials.
I now see how an episode of how meth your mother
i complain about people a lot but i really do love my friends. they make me laugh just when i need to and i feel at ease talking to them. <3
lmao my ass hurts from sittn in this same desk all day
Fuck. Why do I feel like I just played with fire? Ugh.
i made that croquembouche on saturday night for a dinner party. got a standing ovation.
Thank you, TU4NP - you all are amazing and we always appreciate your support! :)
They claim we're
yeah come to San diego!!!!!! I miss u both
RT : Just woke Up..Got On Twitter..I am Hopelessly addicted.Laff at me..It's funny.
Chocolate (with a hint of vanilla ;-)
NEVER!! He'll be in the middle LOL ": All that grief you give us & you just gon cheat on Osi like this?"
Sounds like you in love hm *wondering*
The Inner Harbor Renaissance when the Red Sox are in town = Hell.
Glad you like it! <3
i know like i cannpt even imagine
can you tweet me a bigger version of your icon?!
should we make it legal or what , should i pay taxes on it this year?
Post- sensory-deprivation chamber float BOOKED. Look for a recap on an upcoming ep of I love you, Portland.
Wow that just pissed me of
Friday, Friday, Friday!
Springfield's #IPC will be hosting the Lake Country Soccer Tournament on 3/5 and 3/6, all day.
I'll miss you!!
lol you don't really need it there tho do you?
Thx to Mr. Hikim for hosting a great meet & greet in N. Mich Park. Good dialogue on need to address environmental concerns in W5
lovenmthe cereal box guitar on ur craft website. Let's think of something else as you've done this already
My stomach hurts </3
Carry yourself like a Queen and you'll get your King. Carry yourself as a hoe and we'll see how far you go.
Congratulations, ! You're the winner of a free race entry for the 2012 series! Thanks to everyone who signed up. 4 more to come!
Charm City is always ahead of the curve. :-)
I have multiple AIX Engineer spots open in Macon, Georgia. My team has filled a couple already and we are looking to fill a few more.
CHEAP? I'll tell ya all about it ===> : Cheap is right! CHEAP COCKTAILS in SD 1/2 off drinks till 8pm!
mansions on the moon -diplo mixtape
I've always wanted a german shepard
Watching a lot of "disappeared." make note to self, turn off cell phone if I decide to disappear and start a new life in the wilderness.
Stafford was not sacked yesterday, yet he threw 2 picks and was lucky not to throw 10 as much as he threw into double/triple/quad coverage
Just left my auntie house omw home really enjoyed myself
Haha, I know a few people who might pay good money to see it ;)
87 AND SUN IN EL-VEE, TODAY!! It's freaking beautiful outside! YES!!
we need to do our chatroom nights soon! :o
Movie time! Goodnight! (:
Anyone have the app "Draw Something"? If yes, start a game with me!! My username is electricfeel_
comfy clothes vs. red carpet gown, Golden Globes reporting from the studio, Hollywood foreign press not a very inclusive club
Milwaukee's hardest trivia starts in 15 Cheap and questions that make you feel dumb.
"Ebook Trends" - Presenting now in the Hilton Washington International Ballroom @
Thank you so much! Let us know if you want tickets to the show :) sadly they are 25$ but its a huge all day 30 band festival
and who's smellin up the place? Lol
don't tell me the sky is the limit if people have been on the moon .
Niggaz say da got bad bitch but I see mad ugly bitches prego
as a general rule i hear the x-men talked about like historically real people more in the halls of my community college than I expected.
HELL EFFIN YEAH BRUINS!!!!!!!
how was that? did they cover the use of social media for volunteers?
oh you so should! Each #Ragnar is unique in its own way! Best of luck and keep it up!!!
Man when Drake prefromed Marvin's Room I won't lie I sang my ass off. Lmfao ^.^
#InCaseYouDidntKnow or just in case you're in denial .... YES the Pacers did just beat that ass to go up 2-1
Studio till 4 then your rehearsal till 11... #lordgivemestrength but so glad I get to do what I love :)
It is awesome!
I did announce the winner of the free tickets on my website, however I will have more giveaways coming so stay tuned!
Our new dog nicknamed Grandchild Placeholder as a not-so-subtle hint.
I may be ruined, I'm rewatching That Thing You Do, and I think Guy is kind of a loser and Jimmy might be right.
hahaha i think i'd fall over if someone asked me for my autograph! but i'd try my best. haha #youreadorable!
I say I'm going to bed but then iTunes brings up my Steve Carlson songs......guess bed has to wait!
Had a pretty great weekend pre-celebrating. Science Center, Star Wars, dinner, church today and lunch with friends... Can't get much better.
that would be the red emergency button on the left lol
When I have a son or daughter.. First thing imma do is throw some jays on there feet.
same here! :(
Not even money can make ugly bitches pretty
I followed you from a Tufts Uni retweet. It looks like an interesting
Q: Do you have a special person? If you mean like a guy I like, then yes I have a crush. ^-^
actors/actresses get cut, and let go, viewers tend to stop watching. i know i have. i would hate to see an awesome show such as Criminal
“: Huge house fire in Elliott section of West End on Marena. 2 firefighters hurt. Prayers for them & families.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television. ~ Fred Allen
hey sterling working on a new project? :D and so random will be miss :(
take it it's calling your name I can hear it...oh Kara! Eat me!!!
I get to go too another party gonna stay up all night this time(;
i musta fell and bumped my dayum head cuz i put mini mini twists in!!! oh laws 3 days later and i just finished this am
So pleased to hear you've made a real and lasting connection!
Good to see Fisher is already getting lots of love in OKC.
Yes, I actually thought of this whole line of questioning while eating from a gigantic bowl of said citrus from said market
I had a great weekend! How bout y'all?
We will give an extra big hug for you!
A person who can't get genuinely excited about his work can never be happy or attain anything worthwhile.
I hate bugs more than people.
lol the facts don't lie.
Happy Friday!
No man loves life like him that's growing old.
Eating plastic lettuce...yum!
<= You're the MAN man!
If only #oomf knew.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I finally went ahead and bought my ticket for the Megadeth concert for next week. :)
lol, I didn't! But Dolan does look like satan, so you have satan X 2 on there, haha
Oh no! That's terrible!!!
And Tiger's mistresses the cats that swallowed the canary... Er..., cockatiel?
Special Thanks to our guest speaker CPT Ken Barrett from the for his service to the nation.
Who wants to donate sushi to my craving cause?
Former national intelligence director Dennis Blair on Iran's Hormuz threats: "We are in a situation that is full of dangers and absurdity."
immunity, bomb shelters, & cryonics. Put me and friends on future list. Thanks Team spirit 2012
Ha! Just this morning I was thinking about how my mom & her friend said the name of a flower. I say it different. I lost mine.
About to start bawling my eyes out.
April fool's day! Your life is the joke....
I won't promise anything cuz what if I can't but I'll try if we go what movie should we c ??
This Lil Boy Said Tats Coming Soon But His Ass Cant Even Get Up And Go To School And He's A Senior And I Called Him "Lil", He Aint Tho Lol
time to teach studio cycling NYC, your are next w/ - SUNDAY
chick just told me im dope...i say i got alot more work to do!
Dying my hair red :3
I tank. Chkng turn to induce. He's bluffn. He floated flp w all those plyrs left to act wAhJc. I hve Qh. Make tuff call, 70% fav, rvr h, out
The Old 1997s
Guys I need 200 followers or more thanks guys it will mean a lot and fallow and we can do it
who else wants to see #godspeed every night they are playing in SF in april?
Elizabeth Banks Talks The Hunger Games and Says Harry Potter Is "Scary as Sh*t"
beer is cold here in #Baltimore ain't its cuz? go O's!
I think I'm going to "pop-lock-and-drop-it" on the circle today
Chicken noodle soup>>>>>
We are so glad you could make it! Thank you for all the support!
That play has nothing to do the season Bush had. Freak play, wrong positioning for everyone. Wasn't one's fault.
I am trying to get in to this live art and design concept and creating networks to produce tees..Its pretty tricky but possible.
What if I want to be a spinster cat lady?
Going to bed, finally. <3 can't wait to see my boy in the morning. <3 finally found the right one.
When i get done cleaning , ima call him .
Look At It This Way..Lovers May Come And Go..However Having “Love Demons” Tattooed Across Your Chest Is Probably Forever…
Now following.....
Interesting video: looks like southern Indiana trailer trash doing a Redd Foxx impersonation (and a decent one at that).
We are young <U+2665>
Aww, I liked Husk.
Please welcome lorikleeauthor to the Max life
#freelunchFriday is here. Where we offer #Milwaukee friends free lunch over some light networking. Message us - we'll put you on the list.
Omg!! my JONAS LA cd has been MIA for a year now and I just asked my brother if he's seen it and he just hands it to me! so happy!
hello new people
Food and drink on a sidewalk.
I really want a pig,
At the house with family
Shelvin Mack makes a big 3 pointer.. ties it at 19
That's why I only use olive LOAF oil. MT FDA considers [olive oil] adulteration a low priority. Grody olive oil not deadly.
Sir Paul's closing... rocked it
#mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
glad to have cable after a big t-storm saturday night knocked it out.
I'm tellin you bro
too bad both need to put up 25 shots to be an impact. No one else is gonna shoot. Maybe Maggette when he wants his averages
Watching on via DVR. Good points discussed regarding #smallbiz , employment & social media.
Got my run in on campus.
Omg!! YOU'VE Never Pumped Gas.? In Denver Too You Have To Pump It Your Own.
Planted some native wildflowers around the compound this morning. Now to the workshop for something a little more manly.
telling us about jazz and life
I just wish you could open your eyes. You took my pride and self esteem. Then you take the most important thing in my life. (brother)
Only way to do it. RT To The Fullest :)
Lynda as in Wonder Woman...then that was her...Such a sweetheart..I loved her!!
that awkward moment when I walk down the hallway & people behind me are saying "someone smells like Abercrombie" while cayla is smelling me.
#stm2012 EBSCO hinting at providing a PPV option in the near future
Monday weekend is over T_T but no worry Tea Pot Lounge will help you through the week by offering all 8th for $40 TAX FREE
Get a ticket to the Release Party & receive a FREE copy of my album: #TheClevelander!! HMU!
Had a fab vertical of Château La Conseillante last night along with '82 Haut Brion and other greats. Wow! I'm lucky!
Remember when *anysectionoftown* didn't? 11th street and South Congress were dangerous. Damn, it's like yesterday.
#musiclib2010 gearing up for the banquet with some cocktails and hopefully a little harmonica!
happily will give you access. DM email address so I can get you setup when I get back in front of my computer.
QU0TING: Me? Stalk? Nah.. I just observe.. At night… Behind a tree… Alone…
you'll make it happen!
Hahaha barbie Klaus!;)
Ashlynn Brooke. A popular porn star.
Lol no i don't!
So cool! Haha Love it.
Fuck Nigga Don't Want No Beef.
I wish tats were cheap. I already want my next one :/
Lightning talk: Ruth, Chairman Baltimore Co. Hist. Trust. Working with painter who is painting historic scenes from Balto. Co.
I've seen your videos in the past. Caught back on and lovin' them all. Keep up the great work! Always
,Good Morning
"we're on our way to meet Uncle Cracker, officer…." best story i've heard in a round :)
Just finished the first Game of Thrones book. Hope to have no. 2 finished by the end off the second season.
My husband is belting opera arias while he washes the dishes.
speakered answering machines in movies and tv are such a fun device for audiences to hear the drama! too bad barely anybody uses them.
I've decided I hate season finales. I want shit to just keep going.
So, #Romney has the nomination now, does that mean the VP candidate will travel around the country tied to the top of Romney’s campaign bus?
What's going on guys? Talk to me.
bet that hurt...
Is Juan Francisco the Fredi Gonzalez of third basemen, or is Fredi Gonzalez the Juan Francisco of managers?
Oh, and it is my understanding that dog tastes like chicken. #soihavebeentold #obamasemailsareeducationalsometimes #ilove hashtags
Weather Channel app update...oh no
hey lil Dee u normally dont remember first night action, do you?
I wish "cared" enough to just give me back my reasonable rate (which had already been hiked, but at least was worth it 4 service)
yeah but I was eating healthy so it isn't good! And that's bad
My mom hates when I cut MY shirts lol
Agree...that was good stuff. ": Nice Target/Adele commercial. #Grammys"
Gotta love any wedding that involves kickball the day before.
Pumping fist! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
Thank you!
White Mystery & The Old In Out at Soda Bar in 20 minutes. W. Mystery are a bro/sis from Chicago who are ready to rock (& roll) out right ...
Just saw on last night's SNL. I don't know, but there's just something special about that song.
Yeah! RT : Reminder: Tmr 9pm EST we're having a #GSMC (Global Social Media Chat) chat about content generation & a review of G+.
Wait a second...did the mega user fee pass in the last second?? It was down a vote and then at the last second two votes switched???
Congratulations to Old Dominion University's Big Blue, the 2010 Capital One National Mascot of the Year. Give it up for the champion!
i bought #upallnight and of course it’s on repeat! one thing is definitely a favorite of mine :)
did you hear the #Hawks picked up Teague's option today? If you want to work on the piece involving how far he can take em?
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 8
You better! :)
My mom's nurse for the night is a Yankees fan. Things got momentarily weird. :x
I miss you ugly :p <3
Its #LakeShow time homie...Let's get this win
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend most of their time in your wallet.
Oprah doesn't like HD, that's why OWN is not broadcast in HD!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors & staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
I really enjoy it with fruit juice or ginger ale! Perfect to make in large quantities for the pool side!!
Won't the Pac12 tourney record technically be set by whomever ends this game w/ the most assists?
Best thing about having a co-worker who is a psychology grad school student? Having them go over/help with my statistics homework.
Small glitch in the system 4 the contest today, but voting is back up & running until 11:59:59 PST tonight! Get those last minutes votes in!
I really wish that certain Meatballs(fat short women) would cease to post another pic of them in a bikini on twitter..its repulsive
so i have my fcat reading test tommorow, and what better way of studying than by reading!!! ;D
lets repeat the cruise on d moon!
PAIN Promo Shoot today 12pm to 3pm. Then FEAR rehearsal tonight ! Busy day. Lots of progress 2 be made!
Cooperative toddler is cooperative. It's freaky.
I just saw somebody ding-a-Lang on INSTAGRAM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
A person who wants to do something will find a way' a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
Phone call I had today >>>
Tim Duncan has 8 points and a blocked shot. The Spurs lead the Jazz 22-20 with 2:29 left in the first quarter.
Hey Kyle you still covering the Cats for the CJ , haven't seen your name in awhile ???
Chicfila gets me every time
Come visit us on a Thursday nite soon fir #HOUSEMUSIC ": Thanks fr the follow! You're one of my favorite spots :)"
My thoughts & prayers are with the people of #Cyprus following today's terrible explosion at a Cypriot naval base near Limassol.
Sinatra was awarded the Thomas Jefferson Award for Fighting Against Intolerance on April 13, 1947.
Ancestry.com commercial with Santa just came on including disclaimer at the bottom, "Santa portrayal"....
The sun is out and hoping the rain will stay away....stop on by and try something off the Brunch Menu...
RT : Dunwoody: objectivity and balance are sophisticated surrogates for truthtelling
so far, so good, although best practices have evolved
#Grading an essay which begins "Threw out history, there has always been ...". Do you think the student was sending me a subliminal message?
I did 2 stories today and went live at noon, five and six. I wish everyday was as busy as this one!
#ItsAwkwardWhen i accidently text/call the wrong person when i have been trying to avoid them all day.
Missing iPhone4 has been returned to it's owner. Can't believe how lucky I am to get it back
i can't believe i didn't run into you at #INTADC - i had a 1 in 10,000 chance! hope you're enjoying the conference!
Make sure that you claim your product on BestVendor! Click the link on the righthand side that says "Claim it!"
it seems that, after a few hundred years of mutants, humans would become the subservient species.
My mom better take me #tanning later or I'll cry.
Youse guys hear about this Obama guy? Yeah, he put new ceilings in the White House
I like to be as spoiler-free as possible.
cant't wait to go clubbing with my bitches #whereisfriday?
RT : I want to know when Rush is going to do the first one-song, 22-minute Super Bowl halftime set list
Thanks man. I will email you. I appreciate it.
HA! Maybe it's a day off for you...the bright side!
Thanks for the follow. I have been to your winery - a few years back - I had a great time. Cheers!
I thought that I am afraid, is the farewell time, originally, my similar fear has a reunion.
Yes sir, we'll be a the rally!
Missed out on 's yoke birthday. #TBCont'd
Talking shit on twitter to my friends at church. Hm, I don't know if I should feel guilty for this or just not care
YES!!! TEBOW ONE FAVORITE ATHLETE!!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHA
see? This is why I shoot down yr ideas! #iPadtraining ?! :-)
Our response to God's provision in our lives should be nothing other than humility.
chilling how exciting the prospect is!
thank you :) and will definitely do so. Keep doin your thang too !
Is that weird ?
A kid killed himself because people were bullying him for his religion, race and him liking the same sex.
I'm currently accepting donations in the form of cash, grass, or ass. Make your contributions today and get a complimentary certificate.
congratulation you have just been reported as spam.
Well, no way in hell we're gonna win without Roger on the field!
“ When boys cuddle with you, until you fall asleep. <U+2665>”
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Nightmare on Elm Street
I would agree about the schedule releases, except you get teams announcing 7 game schedules with no OOC ... WHY?
you absolutely have to get it next time! Also, for lunch (weekdays open-3pm) it's super cheap!
Not look forward to spring ball after school no more -__-
its so much fun to be over here there is so much to do here
I DM'd ya back too.
You win again NJTransit...you win again...
exactly. its sad. this isn't the NBA. there are no real comebacks in rap. i'd rather he write books. do guest verses.
LMAO ; He needs too stop ASAP. Cannot sing.
Glimpse will bring together outspoken CEOs, founders and business leaders across the discovery spaces to discuss how we live, decide & buy
I could go for a #dietcoke and a ceasar salad right now...
is in need of volunteers this summer for a program aimed to engage youth in leadership activities. Future Leadership Boca 2009 PBCC/SYC.
Landed in SLC
If you're so fat you need a wheelchair, you should probably change your lifestyle.
Playing tonight at Cafe Che Pasta with the usual and some unusual suspects. Stop by around 6pm if you feel like swinging...
First love jus tried to get back in....tried my hardest not to hurt his feelings!
Thanks for your lovely RT's Lori :)
I just need a break. Hoping I get that tomorrow. I'm at the point where I'm willing to beg. Just give me one day without stress..
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning! Watch this space for proms news.
#supportlocalmusic Live today, right now. Listen, share
Okokokok now I'm sleeping! Good night
I think the biggest reason for drops in times since 2004 has more todo w/access 2video than suits
thanks for following me(: your really cute[:
“I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” Michael Jordan
Wow barely no one is on but anybody know any iconic boyz fan FICs I can Read
If I could I would send it to you thru internet
I hope you had a chance to see and join Oprah's life class. If not catch reruns good info and excellent teachers.
Richardson is awesome!!! The #Browns management not so much. They had him and were compelled to give up 3 picks to move 1 spot.
Great meetings at LAUSD this week. It is good to see how many people are starting to view K-12 education in new ways.
Jus remembered I can't relax today
also made sunbutter ice cream last night which was to die for. was a fan.
one of my nigga just beet the break off a nigga at Bistros hahaha
i think you guys did great
Nothing like waiting for 1.5 hours to see a doctor....after driving an hour ten to get here
by the time I thought about it, it was already half gone. Sorry. You know what a Turner steak looks like. Miss you bro!!
the worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
Thank you so much to our amazing vendors and the great folks who filled the room today. We couldn't have asked for more. See you again soon!
I know something about you.....
hey tell me why it's 12:55 am on a school night and I'm trying to get noticed by you lol #itsamahomiething :)
Interesting. Can I get it in a sentence for an example?
Ha! In NYC we'd need to be throwin' hunnids, so Toppers may be our best bet right now. Next week? I'm not done until the 8th :/
When educating the minds of our youth, we must not forget to educate their hearts. -Dalai Lama
"I think I'd better be alone for awhile." "I understand. I'll go with you." "Thanks." --Broadcast News
Logos and branding are so important. In a big part of the world, people cannot read French or English--but are great in remembering signs
Keep God First, Stay Humble, & Keep Working. That's My Motto.
WOO HOO PACKERS
pizza because there's no food, cookies because we feel like it, and i can't stop clicking this wireless mouse.
My new favorite song is "eyes open" by . It describes how I feel perfectly
u too
and I are arguing over who is a douchier tweeter. Answer: HE IS.
Ahh the Google logo today is so cool!
Catching up on KK take NY.....
If you've recently signed up for a free trial, let us know if you need any help! We're working through all the expert set-up requests. :)
- Thanks for the follow, be well. Marc
Choose Match.com! With more relationships, marriages, and murders than any other dating site!
yeah very true she wanted the D, and got the head... Twisted lol
Everybody stalks at least one persons twitter.
Only way to get it RT : I want success so bad I can almost taste it
Yeah she's really singing...yeah right horrible #halftime show
One of those days where you wish you could stop time, rewind, and undo all the stuff that happened today! I should've stayed home!
Although it's totally nerdy, i like to refer to it as FUNdue.
Use toothpaste instead of mustard.lol
Berman to anchor #SportsCenter tonight. The universe is punishing us for not being nicer to our mothers.
Your chance at Muse tickets are coming up...
; this bitch is trippin' today! she told me to shuutup! i'm bout to spazz out! ;)
come on pat, dont hate on the mcgriddles!!!
Just a heads up, next time you're here, I'm inviting myself to cocktails with you.
*No...that didn't really just happen...BUT IT SHOULD HAVE, AMIRITE?!
My KNICKS playing hard but in life hard work will lead to a heart attack..PLAY SMART NY
$2358. That's how much it costs per student per year in juve
FYI #MKE: our Assoc. Director heard on TV this am on this day in 1990, the area got upwards of 8 inches of snow!
THat is freakin awesome
I dare you to trust God with your life, to let God avenge you in His time, to let God meet out His justice as he sees fit.
Hey. Love your tweets. Keep up the great work! Sounds like you have your hands full with teaching, writing, coaching, etc :)
lol what movie did you want to quote instead? It came up on my phone but now its gone
Thanks for having us this morning. Was a pleasure talking to u. Can t wait to do it again . See u @ The Club
Technology is the answer ignition interlocks, background checks, and smarter cars can prevent drunks from getting behind the wheel
I wonder what it's like to be an #NFL wife...
That puts us at ease. Thanks Heidi!
Can't wait for the opening party on Friday! We're getting excited! !
Then what kind of girl are you? RT : I wanna be a normal girl, meh.
Laying out by the pool and playing wiffle ball>>>
Around 300 people at Epic' Easter Egg Hunt! It rocked. Will put pictures up later. Don't miss next weeks message "Genie In a Bottle"
Brady says to Smith: "I adore you."
Living life like a confused goon. Not all that rewarding as it turns out.
it's raining and thunderstorms are coming... time to write some new music.
I cannot put air in my tires successfully. I killed the valve on 1 tire but luckily a guy at work helped me out.
We hope your recovery is going smoothly! Come back and see us when you can!
Used 's geo-referenced approach plates for the first time tonight -- definitely worth the extra cost.
oh goodness I know, l0l!
Cap and gown (@ USC Commencement 2011)
my moms mad cause i anit go home haha im always at my aunts why should it matter now ? wondering mhm do my mom miss me?
nothing like playing 20 questions with ur teacher when we are suppose to be learning
ATTN: lovers--snag a cute little online deal this week. DM me for the discount code!
Visit "Think Blue" at the San Diego County Fair, near the Arena Gate.
let us know what you think! “: waiting on my copy of the vinyl frontier! ;)”
First Thing First When I First Waka Up I Brush My Teeth And Roll Up.,!
You are the one talking with me...so you are just as guilty.
“: Somebody please tell Danny Granger, this is not a night game. It's already started. Feel free to participate.”
Thank You!
Spontaneous multigenerational sing-along to "We Are Young" at a Polish butcher shop? Only in Greenpoint.
I hear you are into necrophilia?
i been good... Wbu
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained
Though I'm not a Galaxy fan. I'll be rooting for them tonight.
oh, good question. I'm pretty sure it was called Brother Thelonius.
Great PriceLeather Pouch Protective Carrying Cell Phone Case for ...
I'm the same! RT t2 I have 2 speeds. On & off. Working on figuring out how to slow down at times when I need more rest
Obviously he knows who the movers and shakers are! :-)
stay in bed...pfff.no school...today...ate to much last night....
#iStandGRAND because when i was bullied and had nobody to turn to i looked up to Vinny for inspiration. <3
Yea man. Doing big things
Please tell me she was an older white lady with grey-ish hair. Sounds exactly like this lady that lives nearby BNW.
Hahaha. The usual. And Cheez-Its. Because they are the gateway drug.
damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol
#InOurGeneration you realize explaining to your kids how you met is gonna be like "Well son I met this girl on Facebook.."
Sex is not love
how did you like The Customer Loyalty Pyramid?
Sean J Show in Chicago 9:50 AM interview coming up
Bout to nap to make two days out of this one.
Digger is a douche bag!
From now on you will refer to yourself in the second person.
You are the Eyes of the world
Let the racing begin!!!!!
Don't hurt ure shoulder reaching 4 ure back RT thats how i live my life. impressing & shocking.
Sad and are out of the tour when they were both so strong, and even Boonen is out. Crazy how luck influences
The changes they voted for today could give staff more leverage to say no for Earth Day in future years, even if they say yes for 2012
I'm not! I didn't wanna go, I'm ready for graduation not prom! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Happy Birthday I hope it is amazing.
At a T-Shirt shop in my neiborhood called Alvin's Island.
I wish! Wasn't me :) But was super cool!
16 & pregnant is a dumb show. I miss Rob & Big!
On My Way To School!
Hope you enjoyed your time at RT : OZ Korean BBQ!
Many thanks to and for helping us throw a great Talent Appreciation Party last night!
Had to watch end scene 4 #newgirl twice this week-Phenomenal. Great chemistry bt cast, hilariously written & schmidt awesome
awe. I sorry. Feel better. (:
If I knew how 2 sing I wouldn't sing ova beats I would snap ma fingers like the temptations did
Two more days 'til Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?
Java is probably the only programming language whose mere mention invites twitterspam.
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you. Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
the moment you realize you haven't checked twitter all day.
you know I just looked at her like.....AM I ALIVE? o.O
"Any girlfriends?" Nick- "M mm NO!" Mikey: "Single swag for LIFE."
Summer Time
did it all via mail
I am sick of chanting defense...they have been on the field all game
BRING ON THE HUMP!
that was maybe Orton's best pass of the season!
Thanks! You too
oh hey sexy lady<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Bobo thinks scary!
Thanks for tweeting about the event last night. We're looking forward to seeing you on 11/6!
is fantastic preschool education resource for enrichment at home. Check them out!
Harrison Barnes has superstar potential just is a little one dementional,needs to drive to basket more.
anyone want to go see florence + the machine and the weeknd with me in october?
it's a very nice day
Just ate lo main from tasty China, it was good!!!:)
What the @#$% was Hughes doing on the field against NY? He hasn't played all yr and then he gets reps in passrush/special teams?
The oddest thing: a fellow passes around a "real thing:" a non-image, an artifact, something NOT digitized.
listening to the Pixies and driving to Atlanta
how many 3 goggles did you throw in this season of #cougartown?
Ave of the Vines this Sunday.
I'm tired of everything that's happening. All the fighting all the bullshit. I'm pissed and i dunno why.
Snider and Derek Willis are on the same squad. Apparently no trash talking as of yet.
haha quite possibly! He wants me to go to church with him :)
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
hung out with family relatives today for Mother's Day. and watched NBA games over at my uncle's house
iPad2 or the Nook Tablet? Combined Mother's Day/B-day gift deliberations currently happening. Any thoughts?
Custom Cutout Decal Printing at NYC Printing 123. Promote your message in any shape or size. Call now!! 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
Didn't turn out like we had planned.. Shouts to & , throwing a hell of a game.
OK , relate to librarians?
lol he like always does voice overs, like in that movie about penguins. . . . . . told you i was awkward
RT : Don't think you can underestimate the value of creating a vision for where your company is going.
eek, not my childhood mall!
<U+261E>Happy Birthday<U+261C>
Love waking up to a beautiful Saturday with endless possibilities!
Thanks for listening, hope you had a great day!
of that i'm quite sure! very excited about it all! see you soon!
Veggie burger at Bombers with pepper jack cheese. Oh yeah people come meet me out.
36-and-under is national, yes. A few states even define membership at Democrats under the age of 40.
A relationship is nothing without a friendship
U are a wealth of info! Who is leading this trip? Would make a great story!
So, is coffee as a part of your life, as it is in mine? Well show me your Mug and express your individuality in the pic with u and your mug.
nope it's central jersey, we head south tomorrow night to cape may I think
Looking forward to a nice relaxing Happy Valentine's Day starting with a couples massage and then dinner
Hope so
Go follow our boys at For The Kids!
ahh thts amazing!! Im so excited for u!! I hope u have so much fun!! Take lots of pics for me lol
Liberals vow to back Twiggy on 'real' jobs for Aborigines - The Australian
you'll learn when you're older
typo it is
thanks for the RT! How are things at the chamber?
Los #Librotraficantes are leaving El Paso, heading to Mesilla, NM.
Announcers just invited fans to the White Sox game for Mothers Day. First 10k females 14 and over get a tote bag. 14 and over?
PowerHouses, indeed! It was a treat to hear Tiffanie SoulPowerhouse Bridges & Ben Asaykwee & 4-pc band at tonight!
If you watch Basketball Wives religiously, you live a miserable, miserable life, with your drama filled ass.
Have a GREAT DAY EveryONE !!! Your dreams ARE COMING TRUE !!! :-)))
time to let loose!! happy hour all day until 7pm Capital Down plays live See you here
Beep beep
they just break clams on their belly and have a great freaking time being otters
yeah. either friday or sat. you?
well it rained earlier but I like the rain so yes :)
Ugh I have no energy today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility.
I don't mind this time it doesn't matter Xx
SEO or Search Engine Optimization basically means having your site optimized so it will rank well in the major search engines.
Just home from a weekend with my wife Cinda at Lutheran Marriage Encounter. What an amazing time we had!
Hate #blisters... So I got some batting gloves! Cages went alright, just need to get back into the swing of things!
Shante & Brenda at front with show brain work
Lydia Davis visiting Galway next month. Nice work,
way cool!
...and my ipod got milk ALL over it and honey too but it still works. LOL and the funny thing is this girl told me her ipod broke from......
Get that coffee bro. Start this week off right.
Full Mixtape $650 unlimited studio and more!!
Peanut butter with No Bread....Man,
Introducing NEW Subtweet 2.0 Act now and you too can revert to the mentality of a Junior High Schooler. Guaranteed to accomplish nothing.
Daniel Radcliffe Talks Robert Pattinson (video, new photos) - TheImproper.com
(Marie Curie) One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
I wanna see the fire ignite. Suffocating the sky. Don't ever say that you know just what this feels like.I swear one day I'll kill this lie
Great being on the panel with you today! Great stuff.
Don't let your body start slippin', your body start slippin' away. 'Cause you wanna go outside, wanna go outside & play. Eat healthy & move!
thanks for retweetin'
yep, will do!
RT : happy #ff to everybody! have a splendid...
It's north of 7mile
"He's Going to Take Me to a Hot Spring"
Ew. This girl loves my left overs ha. Funny, he can't pull girls and she can't pull guys haha.
I brought San Diego with me! reports: Record high NYC temp for Nov. 28 has been achieved: 70 degrees.
Soccer Time<3
No girls should say Yo or Son!
yeah she doesn't like the top
Agree when written word is beautiful, pure delight, right? U made my day w #FF appreciate beauty. enjoy ur run again and again
The game lasted longer than usual but who could put an end to the fun! Kareem had them calling the game for him -- & they brought cake too!
Back to this $$$ no more fun and games, I need to get out of this city!
As far as getting the word out, I'm just using my mouth and the phone. If I can talk to you we will be working together.
yah major bummer
yeah that's awesome
$4 Nude Vodka and Jeramiah Weed on Wednesday's
Brian mad LMAO
": Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women."
Probably a Newfoundland actually
I know where were ya Heath?!
Will you retweet site 5. I've tried to clean up older tweets and accidentally clicked wrong ones. Is there a way to un-click?
I heard the Wrigley Field Rooftops are the best place to keep safe during Nato :)
interested in a local #leesburg author? has a new book coming out in november!
Thanks so much! Loved your kind comment on the post! :)
": Not going to be a backup plan for anyone . #sorryimnotsorry" omg emily stop!!
born n raised in Philly but a diehard #Steelers fan. Steeler Nation follow me - I'm kinda new here!
Hey - have you designed any mobile websites yet? If so, what screen resolution did you design for?
On days like this, I am thankful for my bike.
I know. "Learn more about 'trucks'".
oh cool!
yea! I just knew it!
RT : I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position. ~Mark Twain #quotes No opposition here!
tonight and a 31st!
When we tell the truth, the truth does the work. When we don't tell the truth, the imagination does the work.
All very well over here - looking forward to great line-up at the Sid - be seeing you?
Feeling a tad emotional after celebrating with A.
With discussing makeover event on 2/16 ! #can'twait
was the rhyme intended?
Thumbin threw the check!
I'm up early, but not responding to Twitter campaigns; YET this is what I love about data. It destroys hunches.
Well, at least the weather in Pittsburgh is nice this time of year, oh wait....
long time coming. Been waiting...
Gas can sink your trucking company if you aren't prepared.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I'm really excited about Adobe's Creative Cloud service that provides access to their entire suite of software. This is the future.
Can anyone understand John Force?
I'm soo glad this is my only day of class this week....mini vacay!!!
you and your daughter look really nice!!! Great pic..
Give the guy a break, he does one on one work with a Sun ever day.
I have seen birds in every zoo I've visited; A correct answer is far less important than a student's approach to the problem.
Baby fashion!
not yet, but soon!
Oh it's not even her birfday.
Gino Malkin's got the Hart Trophy wrapped up...but how do you leave Claude Giroux out of the 3 candidates? #flyers snubbed
ur such an inspirational artist(: i love ur music and im a big big fan(:Love ur #1 fan Angel Trivieri(: <3 <3
Private Midnight tour of The Capitol? Yes please!!!
park it like its hot yo
message me then
Thanks for defending on her getting the exclusive from President on marriage equality!
Nah, don't wanna look at him that way.. That's against the rules. -___-
Made me some yummy #Moussaka for dinner!
I <3 #PotteryBarnKids. I never knew that happened. Thanks Alyssa for the news. :) I like the crib that change into toddler bed
Dieting is evil. But what else can you do when it's a must?! Grrr
GALLERY OPENING/PARTY AT THE BOPPO! LOFT TONIGHT. MYRTLE X BROADWAY BUSHWICK BROOKLYN NYC.
Started off my Friday night with a run! Exercising to start the weekend feels so good:)
Loving that hash tag! We might just have to steal that... ;)
we have professionally trained carpet cleaners available every day of the week to ensure quick response and efficient. call now 866-970-2532
the Rocky Road flavor is the bomb!
#FF Or is it sharp elbows and a lovely tongue?
Spring break! Get to sleep in all week!
How about them Rangers, huh?
hey guys i need to go pick up my fake id chicka chicka yeh fake id fake id ha
Freedom comes through Truth and Sacrifice!Happy 4th of July! KatyPerry to be sued by SimonThunder 4 CopyrightInfringement news coverage soon
Thank you!!!!
Yes time for on
why didn't Jennings take that last shot???????
Saw #NeverSayNever last night. is a good kid and has a good head on his shoulders.
Going to bed with lollipops, completed grad project, no bench warrant for my arrest, and a phone
rose & kabobs, loose women in wheelchairs - now that's a Friday night!
Wow, grad school drama? Is this for real?
I'm really tired of this circular conversation.
where r u located?
One rep tells me I need to bring my iPhone back, another tells my wife there's an outage till 4pm. Gotta love #Sprint customer service.
Just realized Leake's ERA is at 6.00 because that is #firedusty's threshold of pain.
Keep Local Hardcore ALIVE!!
Are you kiddin' me? #Adam Levine has got to be smokin' somethin'! #The Voice
Donnie didn't come? I bet the place was packed.
Choose to be happy now! Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -Jim Rohn
Had a great time today watching the Avengers and eating out with my friends. Thank you, Thor.
Heading to Palm Springs tonight. Nostalgic architecture, vintage furniture galore, and still feels like summer at 95 degrees!
Howard/DeepStorage is up on future architectures for Solid state storage...
Michelle Hairston is the new winner of the contest. Please send me a DM with your info. Congratulations!!
Do! I should have liked it more.Know that lurking feeling of insufficiency when you aren't enjoying something well-crafted?
Smalls Paradise ReCreated Reh now with Umar Hussan of The Last Poets, tomorrow night ! ! For the Harlem Jazz Shrines Fest!
I love her!!
Haaha best believe dat. RT : "got a bra on u head but don't call me a bra head"
It's like the Yankees winning the world series and trotting out 27 trophies.
ACTION ALERT UPDATE: City Council vote on Responsible Bidder ordinance tomorrow is POSTPONED. The demonstration will be rescheduled.
Special thanks to for making the trip and supporting our boys
trying to add you back on FB--can't!
HELLO TWITTER! Friendly Reminder- 2 for Tuesday at Opal Bar every Tuesday. Simple concept- pay for 1 drink get 2. Revelry ensues, repeat...
If you need more Rugby League tonight Leeds v Crusaders is on at 12.15 our time. Go Rhinos.
Love is so confusing, I wish I could just hate everyone equally, that would make my life so much easier, and less confusing.
Peachy. I have become friends with two young women. Not church related. Building relationships is the name of the game.
Yep, it's a great trick. 1/4 tsp should do it. And mix the pectin with 1/4 cup of the sugar you're going to use to stop clumping.
Black River Cafe in Port Huron
Sure! Hit me!
Does the Woody Allen analogy is apt? I've never attached in any way to his characters, but I do find him clever.
: Sushi Pizza with tuna, hamachi, salmon, avocado, jalapeno emulsion, eel sauce and tempura. Swimmingly delightful! A pescatarian dream.
who did your shots!
Saw it in OKC. Was fantastic.
Just choreographed my SHORTS solo on the side of a dunkin donut bag while driving. Is an organic process
You loving for me makes me wanna go bananas<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
haha i was so tired! hey
Dark Souls for PC in August. I feel it will be one of those games I really want to play but will be really bad at.
Way down under "specialized search" @ the bottom of the "even more" page. Maybe too few users? Hope it sticks around.
Woke up this morning(Thank you Lord) feeling like a million bucks. Off to da gym
Maybe everyone loves it from watching it everytime they can, doll. That's awesome, right?
WHY!!! Why? And living up in Wolves country SUCKS to hear their perspective =( WHY!!!!
One week from today we'll be in Ocala stage diving with our friends. Where will you be? Ocala is the correct answer
yes that coffee will keep you up!! Lol
Straight up ShoutOut to !!!!
hey Dan, when I was a kid I didn't have any male friends. Because of relentless bullying & torment. But now I'm speaking out...
thanks for following! What are you working on this week? I'm making introductions to help people get where they want to go!
Hey students- House GOP tries again to slash Pell Grants, so vital to your continued college education. Tell your reps NO!
Didn't mention Mac Miller in my Sunday plans. But he's in there. Who else would I be working out to?!
As one would expect from a beer publication party, it was amazing!! Packed restaurant sold 8 kegs worth of Hess and Coronado Brewery beer.
Apparently, the Kentucky Derby is kind of a big deal.
Hey Warner Brothers, not EVERY movie needs to be shot in 3D, ie Clash of the Titans.
That was an absolute BOMB by Bruce!
You know you're a marketer when... you get super excited over good #email open rates and conversions.
Audre Lorde~ Revolution is not a onetime event.
is it working?
Is TNT using exterior shots of OKC? Am I seeing things?
I use to want u and her<--and her-->and her--> but now all I want is you O_o
#BBCSixNations Toby Flood is rocking my world right now
but im too pissed too watch it
Do all metro Detroit car chases end in Ferndale!?
Where the hell did Brazil come from? lol. I also just learned that Brazil is sneaky.
Pink slips should follow
Light is a good thing, made by God. Genesis 1:1-5
I miss you </3
sure hope not, 'you get what you give.' I know more quality successful people than the mean, the culture I am part of!
Im just a young'in on that dream chase
Thank you, Janna Shay! You're so kind.
Thanks Spread the word Rock N Roll is here to Stay Specyphi
what!? I haven't heard about this!
we give felons a bus token, strip them of all their rights, and are surprised when 2/3 end up back in prison within 3 years
Can't sleep yet
Yuh Try Do Somethin Nice And People Take That To There Advantage.. Dunt Piss Me Off!.
What do you consider your inspiration?
In need of some plans tonight? Head out to Fourth Street Patio for $2 Coronas & Dos Equis all night long!
My professor is the DP for the doc about the #levitatedmass - anyone there? Tell him I said hi! (His name is Chris)
Just came from ABC's upfront presentation. Always relatively generic, but they actually splurged on including some talent.
Which Singer-Actress Is Wearing a Green Screen as a Dress? Actors say it can be tough working in front of a green screen —nothing to re
Everyone follow #TeamCM he just performed his new track !
Oh how much right now, we wish we were right now...
r u at work
Headed to the #wboc12 support as Youngsong presents on Globalization!
Tip: Book your reception site/ hall as soon as possible, ideally within several weeks after getting engaged and selecting your wedding date.
yeah, I'm in turtle rock... Are you in irvine too?
hell yeah!!!!!! I got me my 1st #twitterboo #follow her now! but only to a certain extent lol :)
Sports News: KOIN Local 6 News St Louis Manager Tony La Russa retiring after winning World Series
I am an NC state head. So was rooting for Russel Wilson and Wisconsin. Bo lol
Protein at breakfast can boost your energy for the next few hours.
Mardi Gras is on Tuesday, February 12, 2013. You should go ahead and put in your day off. So It's approved in time.
i want a boyfriend . im sorry but single life sucks for me.
I luuuuuurve aftra events! Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon...
I love the hustle and bustle of city life...but nothing beats how small u feel out in the country on a clear night.
my parents started when they were younger than us, so... unlikely.
*BREAKING NEWS*! You heard it here first! #PDXCSTS 2012 will be on June 23rd at McMenamin's Bagdad Theater! Details & tix coming soon!
10 bucks. Hope to see ya!!
#WhyDoIAlways replay conversations in my head and think of what I should have said instead
"put your phone away!" "NO wait!"
the about section says developed and maintained by linguistics professors and graduate students
I miss the summer chillin with u and all the others!
My Nittany Lions looked bad today
Kinda excited about the new #USPS Regional C boxes and Express Mail flat rate boxes. Is that weird??
Nap-time w/my boo while #Martin is in the background . Trying not to watch it. Peace out!
me too buddy had AA<65dd aip for 1/2 my stack & then AK<JJ - saw you but I was steaming a bit - RT: busted choctaw weekly
cray cray people. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I wonder if Papi's pissed a little on the inside that it took him this long into his career to figure out lefties...
Anyone working this week? Quiet week around our office, but excited for 2012!
Yo Momma is so ugly that she scares blind people!!!!
Thanks for lunch today fellers! Get me your shirt size & i'll drop some off next time in
Don't forget, 'Shaken, Not Stirred' martini auction and cocktail benefit for the ABQ Art Museum. Starts @ 7pm @ the Art museum in Old Town.
Gas is ridiculous...thanks Obama.
Just go to some chicken coop and get some.
Mac Daddy Soprano
hey crazy neighbor. It's too late to be playing the Euphonium!
Thanks for the RT. It's going to be a great event!
What my brain should be thinking: Thesis! Group projects! What is thinking: Haircuts! Cadbury eggs! Puppies!
LF bleachers at AT&T Park remind me of County Stadium. Seats right down to the field. Loud active crowd. Giving Morgan an constant earful.
We have the perfect thing to cool you off from these hot days Gino's Italian Ices 2 Scoop $2.50 or a whole pint for $5.75!
#Cats lack a true collarbone and so are able to squeeze through any space they can get their heads through.
What a great start to my first #packers game!
Alas, tis not Friday. It is kick ass Thursday though. Could be fun!
some do.
Just heard from a college teacher friend on Facebook that she is using Google+ in the classroom.
S/O to the fam over at Sacred Apparel and Awesome ministries
hahaha, if only I were THAT cool!!
I don't wanna get up.
Watching Wolf Blitzer toss Rick Perry softballs. Huntsman and Romney are batting clean up.
Cool. So I need a place to stay. Preferably in Portland.
Also lots of green "Save Vista Grande" signs
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
yeah. But our perception of it is surely shaped by what we've experienced in life. No two people see life the same.
you talked to him?!
The only "proof" is those damn newsletters. It's not like he went to a racist church and tolerated its policies. :)
Stephanie, coming to AERA?
Eric Says: oh no, my wall. A horrible diet dr. pepper stain.
YOU MUST BE OUTTA YO DAMD MIND!
Thanks for the retweet!
. This is a wonderful innovative incentive. Will you consider taking any classes?
well....you're going to get girls...
have you plugged into my smartp. Will definitely chat soon. ill definitely call you when funds are raised and things are a go.
I realized why I cant make friends at school, cuz ppl try to be my friend and I ignore them
Welcome to Twitter ! I hope this is legit...
New followers thanks for your interest, check out www.facebook.com/keilstudios!
I think I'm legit losing my voice.. Not hitting any of the notes in ave verum corpus aghhhh
not at all!
I look at my desk and think "I need more space" and then I realize how much space is filled with paper I should file and change my mind....
that's why i gotta get my head up & move forward
perfecto! I will see you then! :D
wait when did this happen..?
The Modern Jazz Radio Show ed. #98 tonight 8-10pm. www.Jazzon2.org. Playlist & audio posted after 10pm on www.tomtallitschblog.com
thanks for picking up one of our classics!
My mom wants me to break up w/ she says I need to start seeing other bands! lol
Ha, thanks. I made like 2 more, but Im not gonna ask u to read them :) You've already been kind enought to read 2 <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
We know every1 in NYC will be doing a tribute tonight to Adam MCA Yauch do you have a good set ready?
Breaking News: After a talk w/ HER daughter, Sarah Palin supports the nomination of Scooby Doo for US Attorney General; opposing Dora.
Onto a happier subject! :)
Greetings Ms. Ifill! I would love to contact you via email. Is there a #PBS email address that would be best? Thank you!
imah go back home, sit outside, && listen to music.(: #beautifulfreakingday!<3
Thank you so much Ron!!
I love WOMEN!!
Is anything I'm doin' brand new..
So cool that you supply IDs for BC... Makes finding things that much eaiser :)
R U KIDDING ME???
Whole Foods has BOGO on blueberries today. I think I went a bit overboard. To the freezer they go.
thanks for the #FF our #foodie friend!
: Maybe. But not initially. Ideally I'd meet up with my team at our spot and head for the suburbs or a stockpiled boat.
Who says: "Welcome back Jack, to the house of addiction."
The SAME thing happens to me ..
Judge Wolf expects defense to finish before -- possibly "well before" -- June 18 estimate for end of trial.
Thanks for the #FF! Wishing you a great weekend too!
Love always remains
Carmeggedon seems to be causing more of a stir than The Rapture.
If your planning on shopping tomorrow, remember who to support. We encourage you to shop small business,
okay ??? If someone came at me like that it would not be cute... Tami talks shit all the.fucken time... I won medina Lol
i love cody
We will never forget bro!
Im starving.
lol no, considering that she wins.
Ready to make that real money
The peep show
Unfollow this page it got hackedd follow my new one
It looks like I might be getting unemployment benefits, but I still need somewhere to go.
Uh u mean my old account it has 44
started the morning with Space Mountain 2x, Nemo, Autopia, AstroBlasters, Indiana Jones, ate a huge turkey leg, then hangin' at pool...
I am because I listen to your music its made a huge impact on my life
is she serious? the #carbphobia really needs to stop.
I'm definitely going to be there! Let me know what I can do to help.
Congratulations to the Cards.
The buying local thing: if buying fruit from China, say, is unsustainable, won't that be reflected in the price soon enough?
So is like being famous on YouTube different than being famous as recording artist! Hm
Got kinect game time in. Realized my sis sucks at dancing & my ass is 2big 4playing 'Hole n the Wall' not made 4 ethnic booty.
haha mmhmmm he sure is ;) i hope he does well, too!
Running Late For My Studio Session!!
hater move
Missing #Jacksonblue weekday mornings! The morning show isn't the same.
good seeing you too, hope you're feeling better
RT : The feeling of a long putt hitting the bottom of the cup.
Means, you can't just launch the puck down ice to get out of trouble. Must be past center ice to dump it in.
Why do YOU use the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er? What about the suffering and death of our ANCESTORS under the WORD Ni**a/Ni**er?
golf tees cheap
anything for you beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I know I didn't pay for them. & I did I can't help make up breaks. Why do you think I tried and cleaned them?
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo. Multiple Trucks soon to arrive.
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
On my way to reboot the wifi flowers in International Ballroom Center at
as a matter of fact I am enjoying it a lot... i love Jaye! What's after this one?
Getting things ready for #SXSW Austin, are you ready??!
oh never mind just saw your other message is that the Haole one or the Filipino ?
it aint been a time that i worried moe,
Being today made me realize they are the unique retailer that makes you fantasize about downsizing.
Late #FF to new followers and couldn't follow b/c of limits! Damn limits
#Pl300 is my middle name bitches! ;D
Sitting in a room of people being totally distracted while planning wyldlife
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate
I've been trying to start my philosophy homework for the past hour. -_-
Who thinks I should make a YouTube Channel of me drumming? Yes? No? Tell me what you think!
Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum, Concentrated :O clinical tests
Put it like this.. Kevin Durant is 10x the player of Gallinari and Westbrook is 5x the player that Lawson is.
"We'll be closing at 6 today in honor of Christmas." Seriously, Starbucks? That's how we live, Target? Let your people go home!
Someone shoot me
It did concern me that I knew the answer to that question.
what city are you in?
Does listening to Stevie Nicks on youtube count?
IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT THESE ARE LA REFS
4 more days till #fameatthemansion event hosted by join us!
it's early as all hell..
“: Spring Forward Vol. II comes out tomorrow. All unreleased material this go-round. :-)” Title track of our new EP on here!
Far away from all this negativity, I will try my hardest. I will.
hey I miss Alex today, what do you think he's doing? Weekend was not long enough!
Think nations because the gift inside of you is that big. Millions are waiting for your gift!
S/O and ! Down here at Teen Icon, front and center scouting this next generation!!!
Anyone else having issues with their fan page? Mine has been giving me issues the last day or two.
thank you:)
eminem has the best lyrics #reallymeans all this cracker talks about is his ex wife, his daught haley, his trailor trash mom, and 8 mile
Do it! We got one in Milwaukee and we cheer louder than the Packer fans. They just glower @ us over their cheeses.
sounds like a good time.
RT : Amer Cancer Society recommended prostate cancer screening w/o evidence it saved lives, admits.
Man I need some new vans
Ah sirens are goin off. Lol wth it's not even bad out and it's not the first Wednesday.
I might be having a bad day, but im not going to broadcast it to people so they feel bad for me.
I love it when people are like "well first of all" and then don't have a "second of all" u don't need a numerical list for one point.
not in a good mood
Tami went a lil to far
I ALLEY OOP UR BITCH OFF THAT BACKBOARD SHE THROW IT BACK, I SLAM DUNK IN THAT PUSSY, BLAKE GRIFFIN YO HOE NIGGUH!!!
I really don't know why spiders like to bite me in my sleep.
I never said I thought.. If you know what I mean haha
Thank you Amazon. Mama needs a new pair of shoes!
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
#Gaddafi #Libya #feb17 Congratulations to all you brave FFs who hunted down the dic. Congratulations Mohammed for killing that bastard.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?” <U+2015> Rumi
I am way too trusting to be on twitter on April Fool's Day.
Thanks for the shoutout! Can we visit you in studio this week?
I've done something like this: I asked students (on a final exam) to reorder the same texts in a different way
oh i am.
Catch the last hour - Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth
Believe you can and you're halfway there. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
Jerk Rubbed Piggy Coming Out of the Box!
Dang migraine knocked me out.
LePage "life is learning"
still thinking about bob dylan, welder
Delaware penalty to Ryan Sterrett, 2 for hooking. Lindenwood to the PP
Hey Ross<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
horizontal scroll in terminal would be nice
Good morning!
Ah. Thank you! RT : it was the coalition of motorcyclists at the Marriott :)
In fairness, all 3 of LA's DPs recovering from injury and Beckham plays with broken back. Bravo said he was 100 percent.
I just reorganized my closet,cleaned the entire bathroom,did everyones laundry folded all the laundry,did the dishes & vaccumed every room:)
Good morning!
We will pass the suggestion to our car2go fleet manager! RT will u ever put bike racks on ur smart cars?
Whoo can spike a volleyball harder u or
My mom doesnt know how to use her phone yet and just accidentally called me five times, lol
I am stupidity... Hands <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087> lol
not saying nothing nothing at all alex and tara
Nice job! If you need any help let us know.
I've got a final at 4:30. I think 3pm could work.
Not answering your phone is also an option.
Just saw the International Space Station program mgr at Ava's gymnastics school. Huh.
Shining how we want. Brighter than the sun.
Yes! I also think anarchy is how middle class kids to get back at Mom & Dad for not watching them play infield that one time.
have a safe flight today! I had a dream about u doing a ustream while moving in last night. Lol
“: The Human Centipede was kinda lame. Not as disgusting as I was expecting.” Needs more cuttlefish
Lord, when I die please don't let me become one of those pictures that everyone shares on Facebook
From my back-row view this morning, Brewster Khale looked like Bernie Madoff.
- I could be converted to twitter as a way of connecting to relevant information. It's a brave new world....
Missouri where the men are men and the sheep are nervous
Yes. I only have two of those things hahaha RT : All I'm looking for is good credit lol house car job is that to much
SINCE MY TWEET IS IN CAPS AND YOU SAID YOU NOTICE CAPS, WILL YOU NOTICE ME FOR ONCE? IF NOT, I WILL STILL LOVE YOU <33333
I'm gonna actually tweet tweet tweet all damn day
I really need someone to text... >_<
Damn...I bet you did!!!! That pole ain't ready for you..lol
Tighten up From
#Thethingis you claim to to be str8 , but like to take it in the ass?
I hate mondayyssss
Tonight We are Young! So I set the world on fire, We could go brighter than the sun!<3
i need to stop caring for some things..its just a waste of energy
Let's make up a fake Facebook, no picture nothing.. I remember when I was in high school
RT I love how GOD uses the lives of ppl judged unworthy by the "super saved" 2 accomplish what their arrogant religion couldn't.
LMAO we have to! It will never get old!
#taiwan bound! w/ heading to the Spring Scream festival and touring the whole island
Because I was really confused about what Obama thought about gay marriage.
Welcome , our 1,000th follower! Your username is fortuitous!
Friends always puts me in a great mood.
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard | via
Finished #reading Blue Shadows Farm by Jerry Apps this morning. Pretty good!
freaking mad right now >:< i went from happy to mad in a sec.
perfect i leave tomorrow
Integrating mobile devices into the classroom is meeting the Ss where they are at & turning a distraction into a learning tool.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures. -Daniel Webster.
have you ever tried doing that in real life? It sucks because it's like a water seesaw
Oh I will!
No school tomorrow! finally a day off!
2,3,4 in ERA in kanawha valley all from the same team..
That storm was scary..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Johnny's Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality - MarketWatch (press release)
cool...my pleasure
I give up is never gonna notice me on twitter , Facebook or YouTube . #iloveyouJustin <333
also the new MPC line will be available next month and the MPC Studio will be priced right around 4-5 Hundy. So I'd wait.
Of course its Vintage KG!
excited about fall editions! still love my Folio Society books, look stunning and read beautifully!
2011 is dead, long live 2012!
I <3 the women !
if you insist lol
It appears the submission form for the paper isn't working...
Shouldn't ESPN switch to show the end of this game like they do for no-hitters?
stop looking for him !!! he said stop stalking him. or he'll call the police.. (even though his moms a cop...)
Moaning dog outside and the loudest frogs...shut it! can't here the t.v.
I haven't slept this late in forever. Wow
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Oh good, lyrics to latest chorus song are super Jesus-y. My favorite.
Consider...1: Find out WHEN projects r due. 2. Make time to VISIT while kids r in action. 3. Ask if u may view final works.
What fields do we need the most new scientists? Do we aim for our biggest challenges or our biggest strengths?
One should not exaggerate the importance of trifles. Life, for instance, is much too short to be taken seriously.-Nicolas Bentley
you have to be the chillest pothead to not rage at CoD.
u aint following so I can't sorry hun.
The movie City of Joy contains a beautiful prayer: "Thank you for allowing me to be of assistance."
Writing past 2am...pushing past the pain of writer's block sounds a lot like Ray Charles' Georgia On My Mind...and looks a lot like love...
Starting a new book by Bill Perkins titled "When Good Men Get Angry" - I'll keep you posted on how it goes.
When's the last time you played flipcups? Post with and we might send you something free!
I know!
Check out the paintings of Anne Marchand Booth 1119!
LoL can ya believe the kegs got switched? Yep that means back to Blues City retrieve 1 return other....at least its all on ny way.
Have you had our Fried Chicken yet? Well, it's only available on Wednesdays and it's awesome!!
so what u sayin isSOME women hoes and SOME women bitches....got u....good lookin out
Big S/O to #FreeWorldMuzic #cokeboys tune in and check out husband or wife remix ft video coming soon ya dig lego
It IS worth the fight to protect intellectual freedom and we have to be willing to fight for it!
Every climb to the top is fraught with danger. There are those who will try to knock you off balance. Leave them behind and move forward.
I feel like I haven't seen you in ages
Every time I drive back to Portland from the coast, I feel like turning around.
#Philadelphia, here I come!
Asked to define a Conservative, most Floridian Republican voters gave the same answer: "We're very conservative with our pigment."
Keep it Clean Karpets has a goal, it is to satisfy our customer with our work offering many kinds of services.
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
It caches the images so it can run offline once. Yay!
@ the gym
Its to cold in the building :/
I'm getting through Week 3. Keep it up make sure to stick with the diet!
RT : Would love to head to w/ a Lions win. They need to step up that D like a fleet of #Ford F-350 Diesels!
Shut up
now that is just un-amurrican
Hhhaaaate this homework. Il study for my exams if i get two followers by saturday;)
Tickets are on sale now at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows Woodfish @ The Rootstock Festival 2011 @ CB Huntington's - ALL AGES
sadly, so, so true!!
. RT : A cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life! My god. Where did you get this?
I miss the Coke polar bear!
yup!! Recycled his character
Me! Omg I can't wait! August seems far away to me :p VIP ^-^
What dates will you be at the wsop?
Playing xbox by you self is boreing...beating the computer is boreing to..xbox live is the bomb..you can play the world..
ouch! Skip that sh!t nigga we bout to be multi-millionaires anyway
Have fun! Learn a lot!
Thanks for the mention, Rachael!
Have a great weekend! Value your family and make it special. Each day truly is a gift!
Live for the Moment, not the Memory
oishi! Cool, will make a point to watch it this weekend.
id prefer OKC beat LA lol. I hate LA. As far as actual thunder, it scares me lol.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Amber Alert has been canceled and the boys have been found!
I decree that Daft Punk shall score every movie from now on.
exactly. It wasn't even that big of a deal. Your making it way bigger then it actually is.
lol I just have lots of shows I really really like :P
Congrats! They site looks great! and the search is super fast. How did you implement the search?
so www.icloud.com is live & you can sign in. I look forward to it functioning fully. Question is, will it be by the end of the day?
Changing my prospective for the new year...how about you
move your cute little ass and finally follow me <U+2665> ! Happy New year , best wishes for u and your fam . I LOVE YOU !
its clear that he's mines too.
Good morning everyone. I hope everyone has a great day.
I just purchased water, beef jerky, trail mix, batteries, paper-based porn
my mom is insisting my nose is broken lol
They had great lyrics!! RT : dc Talk :P RT “: what band did you grow up listening to? I'll RT if we like them too”
Done. : are you STILL talking about the #brewers in the kitchen ? you've been there for like 10 mins now
Good morning!
What is your opinion of this theory? I'm no conspiracy theorist, but it was on my mind when I heard the news.
RT : The difference between US Soccer and the rest of the world? "He's only 23." vs "He's already 23."
No #ChrisBosh tonight for the #Heat give the guy some slack, it's a long flight back from Pluto!
oh shit can't wait!!!
you have a Pandora station!! Needless to say, i will be listening to it for the next hour!
girls have an unfair advantage over men : if they can’t get what they want by being smart , they can get it by being dumb <3
Picked up a Nike+ Sport Watch today. Going to do side by side comparisons of Adidas MiCoach, Fitbit, & Run Keeper combo that I've been using
aye who let the white boy in??
Ugh! The Ravens lose. Newt is soaring in the polls. 2Live Crew is reuniting. Maybe the Mayans were right about 2012.
Blowing your nose while sitting on the toilet can be liberating- or painful.
Part 2 of Antiques Roadshow from Mpls. Will I see anyone / anything I know tonight?
can't wait til Friday!
Fishstick is a bum - glad they shipped him. He like 40? and gets lit up nightly ...
Ash's producer was killed by a drunk driver last night. He was one in a million~
watching The Ellen Show right now! I fucking love her. ;)
Yellow Dog Recruiting has a yellow lab mascot AND uses YouTube for elevator pitch. Does it get any better?
the way I talk with my retainers <
thanks for the follow! Events rule. Looking forward to your tweets.
This weather <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Yeah. Pretty much.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! !!!!!!
HEY GUISE!
Pope says Jews aren't responsible for killing Jesus. World doesn't know who to hate anymore.
Like a boss bitches.
are you watching the U.S. Finland game?
I approve:)
It's time to share with us! Where do you guys find your biggest inspiration in dance?
I tried to respond to your message, but since you are not following me I can't reply!
S/O to everybody on #TeamHomebody. Ain't nothing wrong with staying in the house on the weekends. That's when the best movies come on....
happy new year everyone
It's criminal he's convinced mgmt & listeners to still have a gig, he's delusional, doesn't follow sports, & awful in general
You guys have tabletop shabu? awesome!
Isn't it funny how people constantly state how much class they have when fact is they have none! #stayclassy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #onlyfoolingyourself <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
YOU ARE A LOSER!!! It's great watching your face get busted up!
lol going to see grandpa yayayayayay
We're gleeking out, too, that Chris Colfer will be at #ala12 :)
Lovin' this wonderful weather !!
i swear niggas be eyeing me all hard.
Haha I did that last summer. Netflix has em all!
RT : to give out reusable bags tomorrow at noon. Stop by 20910 Frederick Road, Germantown,
My mom wanted me to invite the 'straight' boy who flirted with me at the Christmas party xD
how'd the chi town airport treat ya? We're you at midway or ohare?
How long have you been doing the P90X and how much weight have you lost with it? Are you faithful to it?
People like Karl Lagerfeld make me sick. There is no excuse for why he should call Adele, or anyone else, fat.
(kahne does acknowledge potential for Problematic Representation inherent to 'Real Lives'; definitely makes me nervous!)
#LikeBaby we dont want the video to be taken off by haters >.<
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
thanks so much! Always love being on your show!
And now I am slowly becoming blind from your tear gas scented perfume, it's making it worse.
Watching the #lakers game while on pain killers is such an interesting experience haha!
left me alone tripping and shit!
what did Green Bay give up to move back into the 5th
You are talking to nerds about going outside?
AND NOW THIS SONG FUCKIN COMES ON.....
Driving a rental #chrysler. Imagining clint eastwood in the back seat.
lmaoo. some people in class were acting like toddlers tho. xD & WMYB just came on. :b
i watch jersey shore all the time
I hear ya! I nearly fell asleep reading your tweet. LMAO!!!
UFC FIGHT NIGHT! come be part of the action. giving away a trip for 2 to New Orleans! All expenses #UFC # phoenix
Waking up in ur bedroom, but u remember falling asleep in the front room...
do you get a lapel pin too?
So excited to be with all you Clever Girls!! :) Happy New Year!!
yo when is this all going down?
The question is: When someone wins this lotto, will they use any of the money to help or donate?
there's a chuy's in the Hoosier state!
Will the Lakers beat the SuperSonics tonight?
Hey I rooted too.. Beer me!
don't work too hard..lol
how cute! You look like 80s Prom Barbie
I'll check both of them out. Last night I as given the Night Before Christmas poem. Very festive.
Hate going to bed when it's still lite up outside.
Well.... That's weird. Hopefully she at least looks good haha
lol u never know
we need to catch up sometime
are you ready, I said are you ready....
I'm am having a sweet baby boy! :D
some of the stuff the 99 cent store cells are the shit, Ohkay? so don't judge <U+270C>
recently witnessed a judge appoint a complete stranger as the guardian of a man in his 40s. Put YOUR wishes writing, just in case!!!!
You are one of the most prettiest girls ever! I don't know you personally , but I can tell by your atitude you are super sweet!<3
You can sell anything.
The KFC across from Columbia's 623 S Wabash has been replaced by a locally owned art supply store. Much happier and better for the world!
ma-ma-ma-mama said
Let's talk #fashion. What is the one thing you can't leave the house without?
Did you? Ohmygod. I just saw it Lol. Most weren't very amazing pictures of me hahah(;
I love multi-age programming. My daughter's school does this in class work, too. 5th graders mentor KGN students.
sorry this is late, but no we are not.
yeah I hate sitting here and Nobody texts me but when I'm doing something I actually get texts
Thanks so much Dylan:-)
Im sorry but i really think American Idol is going downhill..
This is a good speech! I think he might make John Boehner cry!
Had an interview yesterday with Spagnola & Associates. Nice small multi-disciplinary studio.
sorry for the loss of your friend :-(
Whoah. The new avatar is intense.
I could go for that. :)
hey hey :) I am hungry, thinking a trip to mcdonalds shall fix that? Join me?
Playing BLACKOUT bingo now -- Julia is calling -- Dave is having some reel fun selling fishing gear -- all community, all the time ('til 7)
want to do something today
put together a good move!
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting you<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!!
RINA. MY JEGGINGS FROM DREAM OUT LOUD FIT ME. OMFG. THEY FIT ME. OMGOMGOMG. THEY'RE FROM FOREVER AGO. AAAAHHHHHH.
aww you 2 make me happy! :') x
my mentions are dead -.-'
To qualify for a race, you need to average 60 mph driving two laps around a 1-mile long track.
I just wanna ride in my ride wit tha top dwn..Nd smoke weed wit my niggas!
Hey #nola fashion lovers! Get thee to Bubbles & Baubles party starting now! Champagne & 15% off!
RT : Apparently Rush Limbaugh has described Romney as "Richard Nixon II". Looking for confirmation of that.
Chris Kreider get ready to chase that cup kid
I do believe that it is nap time. Been a long week.
A police pursuit led to a serious accident in Chelsea Friday morning.
lol where are you? Im in the right side.. And that suck ahah
I can't wait til i get enough money to fix my car so I don't have to share cars with her
Fuck love? No. Fuck the person who made you think like that.
If you can't avg. 8p 6r 3a in 10-12 min. Y are u even in the league. It's BS!!
follow back please?
PUT YO SELF IN CHECK B4 U TRY TOO CHECK THE NEXT
It feels so good to be at this lions game watching the rip the chargers in half like this. We goin to the playoffs baby!!!
"This is not a matter for polite presumptions; we must look facts in the face" Oliver Wendell Holmes
Headed to San Francisco for a few days to make some business. Looking forward to the rdu/sfo direct flight this summer.
Agreed. Saw them a few days ago. Extremely clean.
NONFICTION: TWILIGHT OF THE ELITES: AMERICA AFTER MERITOCRACY by Chris Hayes. Very interesting political nonfiction. ok, I'm biased.
Trustee meeting went well this evening as we ended 2011 n the black.Black really is beautiful. Now it's the Deacons then on 2the Church Conf
I'll make the same reservation as last time.
EfS Standard A. Cultural Preservation & Transformation - Discern w/ others what to preserve and change so that future generations may thrive
isn't your twin brother? :O
Only a few more days until #FoodDay! We've already got books & movies by Michael Pollan, Morgan Spurlock, and many more on display.
Watching Dexterr :) Season 2! Haha :) it was a good week :D
one of the greatest joys in life is having ones hair brushed
You guys got one on my #SFGiants yesterday.
nice meeting you!
I am doing me.
yeah he does! He even admitted it and his cousin said he's a "fan" that's why he's using it
When darkness comes upon you and covers you with fear and shame, be still and know that I'm with you.
Oh man! I'm not exactly sure what you're making, but it looks awesome!
hope your doing fine after the death of your friend Clarence Clemons
run then LAX to get ate melissa
Cinnamon graham crackers, milk and extended version of LOTR- Fellowship of the ring
I am designing a new To-Do list schema.
i think u should be disney chanels N.B.T!(: that would be kool!
Good morning Sam!! Have a great #TGIF!
Why play songs on the radio that u gotta bleep every other word out! I can't enjoy the song!
or...marry a chic that's pregnant with another dude's baby?
What would you like our next song to be about? We make pick your idea and write the lyrics to our next song based off of your idea! :D
Is this the kind of content that'll be available through Design TV? (Hoping so!)
true statement. John Butler is the greatest
Jail..the government’s way of sending you to your room.
Do you know why wedding dresses are white?
I feel like being from Vegas automatically means you are the product of sin...
We on the westside!
Just watch my first kenetiscope at Museum of moving image
Luv you guys ! <3... Mean it ! Happy Mother's Day and give them the B E S T day ever!!
it's okay, Caleb's been ignoring me all day.
Hope the same for you!
we are in Chicago too..where is your office located? email us at have a great day
pouring Justin wines tonight
thank you!!!
who is who?
Um...did someone plan to have 13 people text me at the same time saying the same thing....?
not a break! Let's go
Oh Oscars. Le sigh.
Welcome back 2 our final panel: Politics after Authoritarianism: Democratic Transitions or Authoritarian Adaptation?
that would be awesome!
you were a werewolf in my dream last night...
Thanks for being there! Great to have you attend first
Congrats to Bubba Watson! You're a damn good #DAWG!
Thanks baby girl! Xo RT : 's avi&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; sexxaaaayyyyy!
Iceberg real!, "a lie will spread around the world twice before the truth even get out the bed"
thinking that could be my stage name.
Studio session wit & #OhHeaven!
If his wife's name is Ofrick, I'm moving to Australia.
I will never stop reading the print-edtion newspaper. So much more rewarding.
cool I am glad to be your friend
Angels had an offseason spending spree. Lock to win it all.
So my blackberry is now broken and dead, I'm highly embarrassed by what I'm carrying around right now. I rather use a pay phone!!!!
it's 2 for 3 me so I'm stoked ;D haha
I don't have a bike
I think it's great that Todd Edwards is making loot putting out tracks for commercials. I'd like to see more crossover appeal for producers.
It's the 26th! It's finally the 26th! Please check out www.susanefine.com!
Why you have to be so heartless?
You guys want to try and do an LA gig together around March 3rd? Miss yalls!
All I want for Christmas is for to follow me! That would be the best Christmas present anyone could ask for. :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
Still waiting for that Directv call. says local office to call me. Who wants to be they won't?
I'm quiet right now, properly sated by the number of times I was able to click the PUBLISH button on some blogs yesterday & this morning.
It's on FOX Deportes.
Sometimes your miracle ISN'T in what you got, but what you DIDN'T get!
'Torches' gets better and better with every listen
The Best Man in my Pants
Not just a debt crisis - Europeans are in endgame of centuries long historical cycle of empire, exploitation, war & now unsurmountable debt
The past three nights; I've sat in my room watching tv alone, the worst feeling is being alone. So sad.
He started by showing your Monstrous Bodies course as an example & credits you for much of what we're discussing :)
I'll never work out how Demi manages to look flawless in every picture of hers. even candid shots. Beauty like hers is a blessing. <U+2665>
I havent studied today... Wasn't planning to either
I'm an ISA #Lima alum myself :) RT : ISA multi-country in 2007. One of best decisions I ever made. :)
a lot of new material! You can't write this shit.......
A: #China. Q: Where will I be teaching English this summer? !!!!Yay!!!! I'm so #excited!
what was she thinking.
be happy:D
thank you :)
Congratulations !! So happy for you and the Mrs.!! (and Connor)
I can't figure it out.
You need to grow up! lol “ People need to grow up!”
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Work 'till 3<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Let's get lost in my blankets together.
Do you ever feel, like it's going to be a great week?
great so far!!!!
hahah omg I wish
Take care of your girl/man before some other girl/man comes and handles her better!
I only can get three hours of sleep before GQ, but it's cool.. No sleep for me.
“: when are you coming to ?!” When does summer break start?
Think about it when u touch me there!!
Oh he's lives on my street and using my Internet and when I go to sleep all I hear plz god make Alex let me sleep in the house plz god
Just heard from Studio Center. Have a job tomorrow at Tele-Talent in Hollywood.
its wingnight again, but wed have to contend with bros in cramped spaces...
I like long! :)
Cool! Apparently I'm his great, great, great, great niece. My grandmother pulled out the family tree years ago.
I´ll do a better tomorrow from my pc!!
Were like twins! RT : im dirty, im lazy, and i dont wear pants.
When Are You Coming Back To Baltimore & Can You Please Please Follow Me :))
These siege supplies were then conveyed to Yorktown, where General Cornwallis surrendered on October 19th.
New mixtape coming featuring F.O.E A.D.S YUNG FINESSE N A-1 ENT G.M.S SUAVE "P.B.M" PRODUCED BY DONTE GREEN BEATS N MIXING
I should be asleep right now, wtf
I ran from my place to the art museum and back. maybe 7 miles today. I didn't keep time. I probably should do that...
2-3 ft + (Pacific Beach) knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Congratulations Green Bay Packers for winning the Super Bowl
Whew!!! Another nail biting day of Playoff Basketball!
Welcome to Wabash visitors for Top 10% day! Looking forward to meeting visitors in the presidential rhetoric session later
Is officially one of my wives now :)
Tell your grandma i said Happy Birthday!((: Hope she had a good onee. (:
you do suck. You should just quit forever. Stop being a homo. It's february. I can't listen to this crying all summer.
Heard #Ashton isn't allowed to tweet by himself anymore. This Iowan is still doing it herself! I even created my web site all by myself!
Blair and Diaw are looking at mariachi coyote like wth?
Maybe we should use ?
1. Stress? 2. Allergies? It's been a CRAZY allergy year.
NFTC tomorrow then after I wanna go see Avengers but need somebody to go with..
omg shut ur face so I can sleep god!
Fantastic! This can be vital to student success! Thanks RT #IAspireTo provide an exceptional education in a loving environment
You are such an inspiration to so many aspiring mua's! I know that you inspired me to chase my dream!!
my ex wanna work it out bitch try yoga
If you have a league or tournament listing you would like posted on The Bowling Frame, send it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
Thank you sir!
Do you read those to be mutually exclusive? Cannot paternalism/peonage be exploitative or corporatist, or enabling of same?
Getting sleepy again
I clicked the link, you fucker
your drawings are epic good sir!!
ima be there for sure! I'm just runnin a lil late to COI doe
Let's just look at this from 30,000 feet....
everytime that I come by myself. Like I said last time I meant to behave because I was with you.
that sounds like Anne Rice writing Victorian literature. Well wait. Just less vampires?
GM tweet peeps...make today your day in every way!
Fuck it, I'm buying an iPhone
Huh. Can't think of anything witty.
Ok so its rly not ben stiller but he can def. be a celeb.look alike!Hes dancin around & advertising sauce!R U a promoter or waiter dude?!hah
One Direction is not a band, it's a boy band....
Why is Piers not on AGT anymore?
Gionta described as "small, scrappy, has a lot of heart." Drink!
Haven't been home in 3 days time to shower and nap :-)
i wish there was as much "it's complicated" as there are episodes of sex and the city.
thanks for the advice . Specialized crepe pan and a french accent
Looking forward to Mad Men, although I think Don made the wrong marriage choice. But that's just the way I roll.
To the world you might just be one person, but to that one person you might mean the world.
I love your team too.
whats wrong my love
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein
Peverley with a goal and a primary assist. Put him with Seguin.
Gators are going for it.
Holy crappy in hungry!
My good man Rashard. Technology is the key to empowerment so I have taken a huge step for all mankind.
probably yeah. (:
making a comeback
We're set to have a full house at the Theme Workshop! Who!
AT&T and T-Mobile seem to be spending money based on the assumption that the purchase by AT&T will be approved. That seems unlikely now.
Assist with implementing/refining standard and/or best QA processes and practices 10%
I need to come on to twitter more often, what do you think?
I hate when I'm trying to sleep & my mind says: "You know what's a great movie? Paranormal activity."
Years na ba? wow! Sure no worries :)
Doing some last minute housework for mother-in-law visit before I head in to work for tonight's show at
Just sent you an email on breaking news...
"And a footholder?! My life is complete!"
“Uh...thank you?? : i dont even know who the f you are but you have pubes on your head”
miss you dudes. Thanks!!!
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ... /staggers out of bar/
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it. :) RT : Congrats on the final edits of your book! I'm looking forward to my copy :D
#INDEED RT : It's been a sloppy game in this 1st half.
Our first Sunday brunch... hoping everyone enjoys the Farmer's Market today
Some people just don't know when to stop t(-.-t)
What do I look like, the wizard of oz? Need a brain? Need a heart? Go ahead take mine. Take everything I have. -Jacob Black
Yes! RT : Do you ever wonder: Who actually reads your Tweets?
I put the following question to all of my followers! Who is your favorite person from American history and why?
So here's the question: will Sweetwater (aka the taxpayers) have to pick up the legal tab for current and former board members and suptdt?
Sounds awesome. I tried to take a peek but that page won't load for me.
Conferences always cost a pretty penny unless you're a student. It's a shame that $$ is often a barrier to events.
What is something that has good agility but poor flexibility?
Im pretty stuborn
Today at 3:30 I'm on NBC's Dee Armstrong show! That's pretty exciting i think!
ready for action!!!
My balls look like meatbutt bleeding out after a long menstrual cycle. I really like boost mobile. Let's fist our butts with ice cream
Does it matter if I can't clear my mind There's a right and a wrong time.
Missing 11:11 by a minute-.-
Awesome! Have a great time!!
Window seats make me so happy! Best day of flying. :)
Yes-walking through the park at Ave Mont Royal /Parc Mont Royal, MISS it! :)
I read that in a Jim Carrey voice. Sorry I'm weird.
I love hearing what people hate and love. So many interesting things!
I was kidding.
It's okay I guess ahahahahaha
loud as Hell!
random much?
It's Trojan Family Weekend here on campus! A warm, fun welcome from all of us at The SCoop to our extended Trojan Family!
WISHING EVERYONE A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR HAVE FUN SAFE !!!! 2012
ATTENTION IS THIS THING ON.....LBS? ???
was in my dream last night. But I don't remember what it was
I'm very upset that I can't go to my kickboxing class tonight with LC
Yet again he tweeted freeborn soul
oh. ok. O_o
igloos don't knit.
Who says I can’t get stoned? Plan a trip to Japan alone. Doesn’t matter if I even go.
Something shorted out in my brain and I spent the last 10 minutes thinking my talk was supposed to start at 10:30 and no one showed up.
interesting... sounds like a good concept, but theres the danger of the site getting filled with slander and personal attacks.
Happy #StPatricksDay from the ! Fill up on corn beef, cabbage and boiled potatoes from #FumareMeatsDeli Sláinte!
well i just followed you back... :) thank you
We hit a record high of 88 in Portland. Now, breezy for a bit. Temps cooling & humidity going up!
"What you thinking about that has you smiling like a nut?" Lol ur funny!
i can't help it, it just looks totally STOOPID! Avatar, that is
I'll probably split it up over the 26 years...haha :)
Distance doesn't ruin a relationship, doubts do.
hell yea. I had me a fatt ass wonderball & its melt all over the.car. Mama would say"don waste that shit.everywhere".lol
: you know your the super producer
I play Texas Hold'em like I do your mom.
Wouldn't have guessed Moe's! Good to know - I recommend paleo to my clients, good for you for keeping at it.
Fuck being sick during the summer! Why couldn't this have happened during the school year when I could've put the doctors note to good use?!
Come join the
he's actually a nice guy. I'm not voting for him, but man Mormons are just nice! Rich, oblivious and cult-like....but nice!
Competition and Congeniality Kisses!
Cannot wait till hunger games movie comes out
I'll bring it up in therapy next time ;)
Morning along the coast emerges with each curve that tracks this train past salt marshes, stilled inlets, and egrets + gulls abob the eddies
Great Mardi Gras party tonight! Eggers Band did a great job! Off to bed now!!!
what time is practice today ?
I'm a sucker for franchises that won me over with the first movie and anything with enough action/cars to keep my attention
Rollerskating in a bikini top & velour pants, with wrist guards ... if you got it flaunt it???
Ah I don't know if I could handle that, as much as I love puddles haha.
Thank you for the wonderful Talk Show! <U+3042><U+308A><U+304C><U+3068><U+3046>!!
you're rude.
Do you two think Farfan will step up, now that he's in for four more years?
robots read websites too
out for the day 2day is national white chocolate day doing fondue w/ a chocolate fountain @ th nursing home 2day
Thinking today about competing for attention v. focusing on best work. I know would understand.
hah, id never miss a feaster if it cost $16 (and everyone spoke to me in an argentinean accent)
she is my main influence and I will say that
OMG MY UNCLE JUST MAILED IT A WHOLE BOX OF CHOCOLATE FROM SWEDEN. I THINK I'M GONNA DIE..
now i know im sexy why u ask bc told me i am! now what BITCHES lmao! now thats whats up basomf!!!
Random unicycle at the game?
I think Rocky's might be my new favorite place for lunch in #roc. Holy crap was that sauce good!
I'm here til tomorrow. Heading to House of Blues. Roll through!
RT : Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
The dude on the Use To Be track sounds like R. Kelly. Tell me he don't
My Nana is too much!
RT : Having a great time at #GOA2011... Jennifer Smith's Advanced Masking course now and looking forward to the next session
I know. I'll see you this weekend and we'll set a date. U let me know.
Best way to start a Saturday
lmfao!<3 you can use it sometimes if you want... xD
Thanks for the boxing day shout out. Things are good. Hope all is well with you and yours. Send me your address for it card
Honestly don't even have the luxury to dream big anymore.
Jigging and lmbo
we will try and head out that way some time next year! Hopefully we can hang with you dudes when we come.
watching the vow by myself...
Me: "hey mom I'm getting a shower"..."ok and when you're at it do something about your face"...."what's wrong with my face?"...."everything"
..like the name, humbly thank you! -Stronodelarosa
lol literally just peed myself watching that video!!:D #callmemaybe?
super promise I need to see you both!
OMG, totally forgot! I'll get right on it! Missing you too!xoxo
Happy Birthday Herbie Hancock!!! 72 years young!!! :)
Sounds like you're already in DC, copters common!
Beer and Ice cream with mom.
I have the shadiest dreams.
Im not sure what happened, you made me feel like i was worth everything and then today you just seemed like i was just another girl to you.
who has or is getting NHL 12 today?? Def thinking about pickin it up later
Get to perform at this years 13th Annual Gathering of the Juggalos #GOTJ2012 , , , !!
We are in the studio Recording our New album!!! Check out our live tunes at www.mypace.com/silentbobbandofficial<U+266B>
I am in dire need of decompression.
RT : in Lincoln Pk learning all about the history of bikes in Chicago.
Lol I was really worried about tonight when everyone bailed, but still had an amazing night with , desi...and sonny xD
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Homework and me.
love the website, what a great idea!
“: All techno music is based on the different beats of Chuck Norris's heart.” expect for my sets, it's my heart's beat
Borgan at the line. Makes them both. Kings up by 8 with 2:27 left.
I'm all excited to see Avengers and Sherlock this weekend -- you know, stuff that it seems like non-Americans got to watch a long time ago.
God has something to show off in your life.
Check me out on the Oprah Winfrey Lifeclass show on Monday, April 2nd, @ 7 PM CST. The show will air again at 10PM CST as well. :)
What's a blog? Which blog site is best for me? How do I create one and maintain it? Learn the answers to this and more of your questions...
yeah its not easy and its only getting worse
I wanna see the world
Will you come again it's hard to say
Everyone needs to go on MTV & are on Punk'd!
#alliclass Goals (cont'd): Identify resistance/ fears of change in theatre industry?
We got them at Woodman's, but most of the big grocery stores have something like it. This is the small size.
I love that the funny Arizona is back!.....
Headshot Tip: Do not use the same backgrounds and lighting styles for different looks...switch it up for variety and intrigue!
When your at the White Horse Tavern be sure you make JACK GO HOME!
Aw, thanks !
If you're not following LaTroy Hawkins, you need to be. RT I will Be giving away 5 autographed Pics when I get to 4500 followers!
Getting ready for Greece...Anyone else studying abroad this semester??
I am sorry. I can’t hear you. I am eating Grape Nuts.
Writing a research paper on how #socialmedia has changed the #PR industry. Now THIS is my kinda school work. ;)
Do you own clothing that's not sports-related?
Have you tried balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent in a jar with stretch film with holes across the top - it works!
RT RT : You did one heck of a job narrating my soon to be released audiobook!
#everytongueconfess so proud of you
love Friday Fun! is it Friday yet?
In my PJs, Blanky and my Wall-e pillow #somewatofasadnight #stillgonnalivemylife :P
FOOD FACTS! Chocolate is lower in caffeine than tea, coffee and coca cola. Time for dessert?
Fun to hear that. I said that to her when we talked yesterday.
John Kitover just paused his nation building efforts for a while, great new CMS systems out there, way better than Wordpress.
Yeah, they sent out an email saying we'll be short-staffed Sunday. Should be quite the scene O.o
i know buddy
Since today is my birthday I'm gonna celebrate it by listening to all day... Wait. I already do that (:
Girl Fight
is baking my traditional holiday lemon squares per my family's request! hm...the house smells lemony!
Join us in 30 RT : #HAchat on Mental Health: talk awareness, stigma, & starting conversations in our communities
I swear of my mom makes me go back to Avon I am moving in with my dad. I don't care if he lives in florida. I'm not going back there.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff after dinner with friends say damn man i wish my bitch could cook like urs
nice. What exhaust ?? He got exhaust last week too. Eisenman
I have an obscene amount of vacation available to me in two months. Two friends are leaving for trips to Italy this week. Where should I go?
Kings take third 3-0 series lead of the playoffs.
congrats to the #Pens and baby Pens on their wins tonight!
Game 7s have to be nerve racking for real
yea she is giving a hint alright... her baby bump is fake lol
A TV buddy of mine uses your product. They're fantastic. I may have to get a pair... ;-)
YUP! Have you ever heard of the before?!
: Ha! It'd make a great 'food trend.' #endangered?
I distrust any company that doesn't list their address on their website.
Call me.
Summer is so much more fun than wintertime, though I love snow.
yeah, it was ugly. Doesn't leave me brimming w confidence for ksu.
We probably ain't suppose to be together but I wonder if our love affair could last forever.
Phil Banks Cares!
To the spider that bit me on the leg while I was sleeping: haha, joke's on you. You are what you eat and I taste like peanut butter & kale!!
Thank you to all the Students who have volunteered @ The Boys & Girls club this Semester. Good Luck on your finals. See ya next semester
Lol Lol Threw It All Im Still Smiling....
Props to for providing thought provoking information at #amasummit all weekend long!
I only eat cheese when its a full moon.
thanks! Great neighborhood to bike.
and also, you know, stop period.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. (Jim Rohn)
I'd rather fail my way to success, than be a successful failure.- Winston Churchill
None of the first 3 should be in danger on American Idol.
I saw Mark Murphy on State Street today. Tried to think of something witty to say. Couldn't. Gave a head nod.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking that created them - Meisel
Reading my essays from last semester. I wrote a paper on the degrassi theme song. Blah blah blah, school.
Follow me? loved the performance. wish it could be every thursday like old times:)
It's the perfect day for the water park! Which is your favorite? Swirly prefers cause he can cool off AND play mini golf!
"He's an acquired taste that no one has developed." -funniest thing I've heard about a non-likable person ever.
Stay warm with a hot cup of imprinted coffee or imprinted hot chocolate in an imprinted mug this winter. Great Holiday Gifts
When people do dumb things and you just wanna say "why you so stupid" like Sam.
Now I drink New Belgium Dig beer.
for real !!! It's making me more hungry than what I am.
Tonight's "Monster Mosh" Show with Spies Like Us is cancelled.
#TEDMED party at library of congress. Most beautiful bldg!
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Bulls vs. Heat Courtside Seats for March 14th at the United Center?
Bummed our sessions r @ same time. :( RT : Looking forward to my, and 's pres today on cheap technology.
I'm thirsty. Pregame warm-up starts now.
Wish there was a way to filter rap out from dubstep on pandora. I don't want to hear about bitches and hoes. I just want to hear womp womp!
Charles my friend - what is Rage Training? How can I give it a try?
HOT & all-inclusive !! > RT : My friends are trying to convince me to do #NYE at the National Harbor. Hot ticket?
Annoyed , my son needs too come out !
My phone stay dead! ):
It's sad that some of you need to berate others to feel better about yourselves. Idiots.
You can now connect your #iheartradio via Facebook! Share your favorite local and custom station with your friends! Download free app today
I love you this morning Holy Spirit!
and on top of that you ain't got a name
those are the worst...and I'm past the whatever stage and moving on to the see ya later stage lol
Applied for another job!
I wish I was dead.
Thank you for your sweet and very helpful RT my friend! Hope you're staying warm up there!!
I knew saying that would get me somewhere in life! :D
the first one!
Beers shown off so far: speedway, Port Pants Optional & Monkey Paw Sweet Georgia Brown.
Wow - it's been so long since last I was on Twitter - sorry folks! Been really busy.
You beat me to it; I was just looking up the Spanish word for "paw."
me & conversations these past few days > #RealBestfriends (:
Working 3-8 tonight/: Not too excited for work blahh!
The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me -
- buxom, luscious, voluptuous, robust, vibrant, juicy...what better way to describe a wine..i mean a woman.
Speaking on my first panel -#SMCA re: Winning your audience's heart with infographics.
And we are announcing we have 40 pounds of live craw fish! Come and get it!
Get over the fact that i freaking love you
Eating a nature valley bar on the bus and loving the looks i get from random people
Bout to get up n go to class...come back n work on this paper
's NASA themed screensaver stealing the show at
I dont remember getting in the car. But anywase I know im almost home so yay
Dang, you got me on that one! "general practitioners (GPs)" (grrrr)
OMG. You look gorgeous in your DP *_* lol
is there a reiki treatment we can do to your room?
Getting out of bed in the morning is a impossible task
is gearing up to cry for two hours straight in My Sister's Keeper. ;)
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
Forgot I had a free oil change :)
Sorry, I thought it was shade.
thank you sir.
Hello #nurses! Sorry to be MIA around the holidays. We're back now and ready to share all things #nursing. Happy 2012, everyone!
love the pic, it's cropped and is the contact photo for
that stood there and waited for you.
When we reach individuals who have never exercised, we know we're making a difference in fitness... -MindFirstFitness
Up Next: The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk. #SXsterling Nothing says it's the end of southby like
Good question! My girl sorta has an arrest warrant in Nevada (long story) so she can't come. And all my vacay is used up this yr.
It's so nice that Denver gets to have a good quarterback again.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. ~ Maureen Dowd
No problem at all! <3 #MahomiesAreTheBest (:
haha its coo
Glad it reached you, and thanks for the RT! *Love*
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 46
I'm at my honors night! I'm sorry I forgot about it. I went there right after work ): ill call you as soon as its over! Promise!
Number 1 regret by those about to die: I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me
#plone folks, using ram cache in p.a.caching on any registry files (read: js/css) causes weird ass shit (tm). Just don't.
I hope none
will keep you posted, have a good day!
this brings a whole new meaning to the phrase "backseat".
as long as the bitches lol
The more #Boston #Startups I talk to the more it seems like 2000 the Internet #BOOM. This time it's about #Sales, and not about Foosball :)
haha, you're pretty good, too my man. I might see you over on your side of the country next week. Keep up the hustle!
All of you were born to Momma, so raise a glass, pucker up and give Momma a big kiss. Happy Mother's Day!
yeah he's rockin the flyer today
First question down!
Board also told 2 charter schools they'll have to make changes or be shut down, asked staff to budget for up to $55 million more in cuts
Welbeck for Park would be my change, play him up top. Drop Rooney into MF. Give Giggs 10-15, then Valencia for him, Nani over to the left.
You know...some folks count "unh, unh" as lyrics
you're beautiful. inside & out. just sayin.
I see you. So I'm planning a visit home !! text me 1-618-204-3011 homeslice
Step one. We gotta boost your followers
Some more
St James also not circulating petition
Scot Copeland: I started a theatre company at 17. Nobody waits for a gatekeeper.
#nowplaying Right Next To You
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything (: ~
Also excellent attendees. I went the first year just for JoCo and Hodgman but still found it exhilarating. Ask !
K well say a prayer for me muffin:)! Enjoy church!:)
I think Leonardo Dicaprio is pretty damn good!
New York boys are so much hotter than LA boys. Just saying.
it's early days for Panopoly (beta release 3, lots of beta modules rolled in), but should get smoother quickly.
NAFEO Congressional Champions Luncheon going on right now on Capitol Hill
volleyball girls >>>>> cheerleaders
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
Come on down and grab lunch in the parking lot from right now!
wow! None for me (yet...)
i can't wait for the EXPLOSION
I recently switched from chrome to comodo dragon (based on chrome), it's smaller and I have no problems. (this isn't spam)
OMG Ryan Gosling saved me from a burning building, carried me across hot coals, and cured my deadly disease!
“: I'm a little concerned. will not stop singing Lady Gaga. Advice?” Sing along!
Everyone please no hate
No, he's not in town :( He's in LA working on some exciting projects with Jamie Foxx :)
yes #fun lol...
How many places can you get a booze-drink south of Lake Street?
you make a great intro-MC to
power is back on classes will resume as scheduled
aka Michael Game Six
Dripping in gold.
Motto for 2012, invest only in others who are willing to invest in you.
Tomorrow is our "Dress Up" day. No jeans, no casual attire! Dress nice FOR FREE!
If you got my back, I promise I got yours.
What's wrong with your car love?
won a free corn lime cookie on the bagel wheel of fortune
I do 5 sit ups every morning, it may not seem like much but damn I can only hit the snooze button so many times...
It received a :) Hm, I don't like Jack-In-The-Boxes. How's that one?
#twitter will be the single most influential thing in the #2012election. Lets use it wisely?
Slavery was a principal issue leading to the American Civil War
Cant be playin with us like that, almost had me searchin for your movies!!! Na im just playin. Whats good with ya today?
A friend of mine owns the place, and has invited me and guests to dine, drink and check the place out in 'action.' This will be interesting.
It'd be badass to live in Beverly Hills someday.
Hmm santa cruz? i think yes make money? Oh Yess super awesome go pro skateboarding montage?HELLZ YEAH!!!
It's alright, we'll likely have video posted so you it'll ALMOST be like you were there
yes, it is. And, thanks for your support of our brand!
no way!! Freaking LA.
do you have a mobile friendly wish frog coming soon?
guess your team didn't win the cup either
To the lady at the grocery store with 6 kids by 4 different dads and the grocery cart full of food. Your welcome! From the
Many homeless woman are mothers-If you pass a homeless woman tomorrow, if you feel like it-give her a smile, a meal, or a silent good wish
Blows my mind how I lost weight on the day I purposely ate wreck less on some White Castle. I've got super gas too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Follow back please? <U+E404><U+E105><U+E417><U+E328>
PS please tell my GF that my obsession with horror films is hereditary and not a result of a problematic childhood thanks uncle j.
Wen u blush because of her wen u smile because of her you'll leave everthing just for her I look at myself and feel like I'm not worth it<U+E407><U+E403><U+E023>
TSA defends pat-down of 4-year-old at Kan. airport - BusinessWeek
or all 3 at the same time ^_^
Is it sad that I've seen certain movies so much that I can tell when the editing is speed up a little bit to meet tv time adjustments
is something wrong with playing lax?? :)
Can't wait! When's pub date? THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES among Top Ten Mysteries & Thrillers in Spring '12 season!
P.S. Lakers suck.
The Nova on Mt. St. Helens was not as entertaining as I... Wait, never mind.
used cars websites
Wow. MSFT buys Nook. Didn't see that coming.
im ready for big fun at Pink Elephant tonight!
Busy day: volunteering, on-boarding a new client, preparing a survey for launch, and working on market scan & market sizing reports - whew!
That would make sense then. We should chip in for a communal oxygen tank.
Will be proudly wearing my blue around Bowling Green tomorrow.
Thanks to Intercare Solutions for volunteering today!
I'm happy for you. It's a great feeling.
What's the date?
I say I'm a hero, all they see is my ego.
happy birthday Madison! Hope all your wishes come true! You deserve it :) love you! <3
hey do you know when the boys are coming to Virginia or DC?
words cannot explain how much i love rap music man
Monrae, thank you for the follow! I look forward to chatting with you as well. Have a wonderful evening!
You too hear a blizzard is heading towards Baltimore
feet hurt , headache , and he's not texting me ... great night ...
I tweeted u too Bre
thanks babe!!
Bout to smoke this blunt. Bitches love blunts.
#BieberOnTheVoice Justin is so Cute <3 I liked when he said SWAGG.!! <3
you rock. You should try screenwriting.
glad it didn't shake for too long... you never know once it starts if it is the *big one*!
Jamar is my pick
I think somebody should have cut off "The Voice" about four weeks ago and still would have had a much better show than it is right now.
I am on the phone with Tyshika ...
he is really laid back. The whole family is. His dad is the best. Tommy is a little shy till he knows u.
The original movies
Nah for real tho my mom has been through soo much and she always puts everyone but herself first <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> #wishicouldspendtodaywithher <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#SocStart panel is trending in DC! Keep it up @
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Massage Heights Moms. Take the time to focus on you and be good to yourself. Live. Life. Better.™
We're starting to plan our next Young Preservationist Happy Hour. Any suggestions of bars or neighborhoods to visit?
ok let me know
Uhh, hello? Why did you not find me and say hi?? BTW I'm going to Ironwood Cafe in Southern Pines. Saw your #yelp review.
Oooohhh.... Bruce is in town. that explains all the trans am's on 76
Congrats Mayor Barrett....now on to June 5 to recall this bum of a governor in Wisco!
“: It's #DraftDay” is that kinda like payday?
Ah. Makes sense. I don't think I would like TX either.
Watching "swingers" - omg vince Vaughn is SEXY
sweat pants hair tied chilling with no make up on>>>>>>
ok tell me when you're done.
Even though #WVU is having a rough year.....still a
Wake and bake music
When you show love, show 1 Corinthians 13:7 kind of love. You'll be doing everything for someone else's benefit, not just yours.
I should have seen it coming. The moment I 1st logged on to Twitter, it told me that Whitney Houston was dead. I should have quit right then
These chips are made by who!!!!?...
I'll be there in a few hours - see you
that keeps happening to me when everyone has been drinking... I can pretend it never happened
thank you for coming out boo!!! <3
You're so gay
Linsanity is not a fluke! Aw yeah
I wanna meet Lady Gaga :(
Time to sign off and head to work after being out sick for two days. No doubt this will be a busy day.
im workingg out finally
problem solved
I've worked 24 hours the past two days. Slept twelve.
I bet those grandchildren were happy to see it go
No, just here shooting a movie.
In #SouthCarolina #text JIFFY4 & JIFFY5 to 90210 to join their #Mobile #VIP Club for alerts with #specials & #discounts from Jiffy Lube!
Wht to do
“ When I finally do get some, everybody gonna know bc imma move with”oh man one lucky guy I see
Stop working on Mothers Day woman!!!!
i miss you too! And wasnt I naked?! Lmao
If two people with a dispute aren't allowed to duel, why are two countries allowed to go to war?
You're the rockin' one, hot stuff! THANK YOU!!!!
lets be honest is there really a race anymore
"john is working for the campaign" ...not so subtle bragging emails from prospective students parents that just turn cryptic
thank you!
I have a few more words to describe compassionate caring dignified humble and so sweet
i mail it to u. Cuz i dont know when i can drop it off to crzy busy.
And remember this, if you ever think you're too small to be effective ' you've never been in bed with a mosquito. ~ Anita Roddick
Get Kansas to beat Kentucky - please! I'll owe you for life and I'll even support your way off-base music tweets.
Is the site new or old? Any new link building activity?
Zelazowa is rocking it up touche!
yo im watching
1 More client to train then it's time for my workout! Gotta hit it extra hard for the next couple weeks getting ready for a photoshoot!
United just changed the departure time, And bout 30 people on this plane got the update call on their phone at the same time
Congrats to the for advancing to the next round of the #StanleyCup playoffs. Great seven game series.
yes, but say something nice with it
little bit of everything guys
James Brennan never had an intercourse, until Emily.. cute.. from Adventureland
My life is average. ;) love that site!
IMO, that's what makes it so very Euro. Can't wait for the gelato!!!
Fb need to make a so the fuck what button
From moving vehicles no less! RT These people in #TheWalkingDead are obscenely good shots. Couldnt shoot like this in Goldeneye.
FARMERS MARKET
Taking care of Business! ;) 2012 bring it I am Ready!
Yes! Casino Royale is on!
writing cleanses my soul....
BUT IM PERFECTLY GOOD AT IT
48 months of INTEREST FREE financing. @ MK now. Come check out Tempurpedic and I-Comfort. Take a nap with us.
Not all who are lost, wander.
i love you. i'll explain what i meant by that tomorrow :)
oh yeah Pau wit his soft self ahaha
home vs potomac
it's OK. the more I think about it, I was disappointed in Perry, not the band. the band sounded great.
RT : Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
ooh haha can u sent that vid to me?
Do you think Joe Block has been well received so far? I think he's great but haven't heard other opinions.
Do we really know how good/bad his route running is from tape? Isn't "needs to work on his routes" an easy,catch-all critique?
hold my heart- sara bareilles
A navy cashmere scarf would be a suitable piece to start changing the look of my Sherlock, but this is Texas and not London.
Another item on #CV council agenda: increasing 389-unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
Your an inspirational athlete! Keep your spirits high and rest up!
Yay, going for a bike ride (:
watching Laid To Rest.
Free-flow writing is good for any spirit
Riding out to MjB, She always teaching a life lesson! # So u think u know how to love a woman!!
RT Every class is a life-changer, so if you miss, you may miss the most transformative moment of your life. That is all.
Have the worst flu ever!!
<3 love you to
guess I need 2 get around 4 bed have 2 get my TB shot 2moro so I can start working/volunteering very excited 4 this new venture
Here's wishing you all a very happy and fruitful #2012!
Such a hottie. Marry me already.
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Pretty genius show from "information refiner"
I just discovered this. Specs is collecting corks to be recycled, proceeds are donated to charity for cancer research -www.specsonline.com
It's Election Day, DC! We need you to get out today to cast your ballot for Vince Gray for Mayor! For One City!
Will do! Thx also for encouraging me to submit a talk, it went great.
wow - thats amazing - and you got a 100 RT's!
My iPhone just shut itself down, rearranged the app icons, and turned the keyboard sound on. Maybe I should stop hacking this thing.
I love their beautiful products, but getting ahold of their purchasing department is nearly: Mission Impossible!
Real time Twitter sentiment analysis demo for Election 2012 at #T3. Heavy on the CS.
Backyardigans & cuddling with baby sister <3 I love this show
I know there is talent there...I guess it is just going to take time to gel with the front line
Ready to go to the stu wit my homie !
Even if U have a lived one who'll be behind bars on Thanksgiving, you STILL have something to be grateful 4.
i agree, one of my favs
#JNCOFridays y'all.
Who r all those guys? Oh they're the Oscar winners. Ladies, we have some work to do this year!
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
... well damn @ your avi
i hope u still got the long hair and youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
What would you do if you were told you were dying?
every time i try to fix my room i get distracted...
*closet i ment
dont open it i got hacked
I got two fans blowin on me whusssup its hot & I like it!
Nighty night loves
The car was invented as a convenient place to sit out traffic jams. EVAN ESAR
I want pretty star fish earings so I can feel like a real mermaid :) like Aquamarine. <U+263A>
If you live in Miami area and want to be in video at KOD and Beach holla at my dude ASAP SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY!
For some odd reason, KFC sounds really good right now... Darn you strategically placed ad!
I think that is Baylor in our on deck circle !!!!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Well guess its bout that time to start this studying
Nice to tweet you!
P.S. worst #idol ever is still season 9. Crystal Bowersox was all that was worth watching and America screwed that up, too.
Minutes feel like hours in this fuckin class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
the replacement of one man could make it perfect!
Except for Bynum. trust me, I know the game. Bynum did not show up defensively. Gasol and Metta were the best. ESP Gasol
#TPedge, we promise to never censor posts about other sites ()even though they delete posts about TPE. We believe in our product
love the Avi Bro! Two of my Most favorite People in the Whole world. My brother & Sister! Love you guys with all my Heart!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Maybe i needed this
a nice reminder. I like the part "I inverted the 5 regrets, yielding a list of 5 commands"
haha you text back hey and I say what's up and you never txt back lol
“: UFC fans - let's get your votes - which fighter has the best Twitter account? (Fighters, feel free to jump in here...)”
You could just become a Brewers fan... I mean, you have lived here for three years now...
we are in 3rd ward
Big Snow Big Thaw CD release show SATURDAY night at Club Cafe. Show starts at 10pm and we're so excited! 3/31 21+
damn i forgot that we had a party at the park 2morrow damn but shit fucking with mi folks on the southside 4 mothers day den !last year boi!
Top 5 growth regions for job opportunities identified by search firms: 1 South/Southeast 2 Southwest 3 Northeast 4 West Coast 5 Mid Atlantic
Mailman just dropped off "Finest Hour"...No food or drink in the lecture please
I haven't quite finished reading the book yet, but I can say without a doubt that I've had a visit from the Goon Squad myself.
Doubt it. Hahaa
Oh yeah. Then race registration fees would increase too. Bad idea.
the MIT group is HARDCORE (or crazy). Just finished 7 miles outside with the group.
Im a ride to die.. I told them I toe tag plastic bag bitches.
It finally happened: I got the Fiat for my rental car.
I hate when you do this. Contain yourself.
Celtics with an Adam Yauch homage by playing "Girls" during a timeout. Enough of the crowd gets it.
Justify the case for an app over a mobile-optimized site, "mobile app generally obsolete"
What would everyone think of a "Signs of the Zodiac" series as well as the "Love in any Language" series? Tweet us your feedback!
I survived my first hurricane!!!
Dr.Jackson, you seriously made my heart smile this morning! Dreaded quiz turned open book group work...100!
woahh who is that?!..hes hot!!.
Managed to create a temporary com channel through Twitter and Drupal #thankgodforthecloud #laflood Start tweeting your locations
I like that hat!
see you guys saturday night.
I'm sleepy!
what? No invite?
Time to get out of this rut, todays beautiful.
working on a tutorial - how the text search feature works in Presio
Leave me alone. Let's go back to sleep, before I <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3> Kim.
Can anyone play defense today?!???
God damn real talk u ass bitch hands down OMG lmao
Whirl Winds come back. Kings up 15 to 12 with 6 left in 1st.
one word texts don't get replies.
We keep heading east. And it keeps getting hotter. Up to the low 80's and rising.
I don't wanna do anything the rest of the day
Watts/Ladd knew Ray Candy wasn't answer. Watts knew McGuirk wouldn't agree. Soon MSW was born and JYD crowned!
i need my co-owner to be on more because i wont be on much
Wholeheartedly agree. It just doesn't come close to how wonderful Adele originally sings them.
ask your question in pictures and everybody gets it no matter what language they speak #12NTC dan roam
Love Marky Mark
Headed to Midtown for burger night? We've got some great Horney Toad and great burgers!
I hate Duke!
you're coming to texas?! Are you coming to dallas at all? I want to see you.
I'm bored I want to trend something hm, maybe? Alex is Sexy! :D
did u get my tweets about my Movie 2 STAR
SKETCHING OUT THE NEW COMIC/ANIMATION FOR BELOW THE BRIM... coming soon
“The sun shines not on us, but in us.”
is the grocery store open at 8am?
Made it to DuPont, WA. Going to find a place to sleep - maybe in the woods for tonight - maybe tomorrow too.
We sat on the last GOP album all this time for a reason.
Thanks for invite. Unfortunately, there was this bottle of Jack Daniels. maybe will feel like walking again by Monday
Getting ADT before I fix up my house now I can feel much safer with my kids at night
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.-- James Dean
I miss Betty...
One of our straps is another way of saying "my axe has class"www.Guitstripsguitarstraps.com
I've emailed a few Radio DJ's a clean version of the New King Louie Single Val Venus being pushed by Lawless Inc./Epic
licked them all ' iits yur call , drama free b-tches ' blow da haters kisses , ahyee .
At the Tribeca Film Festival, enjoying a panel discussion with director Jenny Deller, surrounding her film "Future Weather"
British people are seriously just adorable.
I'm suppose to be leavin for work in 4 minutes & I still gotta take a shower...ugh!! I need start payin attention to time
#prweb event and is challenging us to remember that how consumers buy has changed. They gather info from vast online sources
Decided to forgo Dark Knight for a facial, pedicure, and pilates session. The guys didn't understand.
If you need a weapon to defend yourself your weak .
Love love my hubby, kids, parents and siblings! Great family
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho wants to tell you the entire family history to sound smart
don't think about it just help them that's all they need
Happy Birthday
I think it's we get a tax break for using public transit? :shrugs shoulders: I did a small amount this rotation. Hopefully it works.
Awesome, Good Luck! Hoping the weather is good!
Prayers to the staff, players & family of Joe Paterno. They all need them.
Flo Rida has the hottest girls in his music videos
can i see the lyrics to it i found instrumental on youtube
": Trying to make something happen that's just bound to not work."
he was my only Grandpa though. :)
put a swim Cap on lls
It was Ad Reinhardt.
Im not sleepy at all
Maxim holmes you still in the A? RT : sup bruh
Ayyyyyyeeeee......I WORK TO HARD TO B BALLIN ON A BUDGET......IJS
Not a real one.
Long time no update
These niggas claim loyalty, but they ain't living it, check the scoreboard u gon see a nigga killing it
Wanna put me in a great mood and follow me (; hahha
#NationalHonestyDay Let me kick it off by saying that this is a really stupid holiday.
Help us. Help you.
2nite Im fixing Buffalo Wings, Deviled Eggs, Garlic Mash Potatoes, and Bake Beans, Deliciousness Cometh!!!!
come back to #Chicago!! ^_^
Anytime my man! And thank you as always for your participation. Excellent job on your tracks! You almost took it!
After coding with immutable objects for the past months, today I worked on old-style C++. It is hard to go back to mutable objects!
WOW!! SEXY as HELL and SMART!! U r the whole package !!
Can't wait! We'll be sitting with my friend and Manny Chao of Georgetown Brewery! :)
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
#Brookline has hired Luke Day as the new boys basketball coach
Aw love birds (:
yes :D I'm a belieber, you too? Haha
yeah it sounds like fun just with friends haha:)!
true let me know whatsup
False alarm you haven't followed me yet had a mini #HEARTATTACK 4 nothin O.O
People who exercise recover more quickly from the stress by growing neurons in their brains that are less responsive to stress
Huh. Who would have though that "Marco Manifesto" would return 10 pages of google results.
Ladies & gentlemen: i'm in the studio! Pray 4 Creative Grace
Aww, thanks honey. I love you. :)
That's the 2nd football I've seen floating down the flooded Schuylkill in the last 10 minutes
I'll NEVER go on vaca with them again.
We are almost there with our site relaunch. Very excited!
Also no idea what Boxing day shopping is like but if it's Canada it's sure to be a cakewalk. "Excuse me, eh?"
thus speaks fairness, observation, proportionality, justice
Need to study but left my binder in my locker.. Oh well!
Don't you dare go anywhere. You give ,soul.
i always cross the line, but i'm up for a good challenge is it's a game of who first
Today has been a tough one but some how I kept a smile and I truly believe this will all work out.
wow, is the dirtbag RT: : You look like a dirtbag.Shave and cut your hair.Show some respect for the game
Save the Date: JWP back at M&S Grill for our holiday show 12/10 - Reston, VA!
Check out our Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird videos on the Locust Productions Facebook Page. Support local theatre!!
#MorningGetaway! Listening to on my Google Cloud right now! Awesome music!
Very impressed with Just made the current consulting gig a lot easier.
Cataloger, P.I.
Hell Yes. RT : Why, yes. I am creating an excel spreadsheet of the events I want to hit up during
I should ride topside on the water taxi more often, I like feeling the waves. It also is rather good at lulling me to sleep...
Lol!!!:, did you see is on Twitter? Remember when you used to stare at him in the DC at #UNLV? Haha! :)
hell no i'm going to heaven my future is bright
it's a hard practice..my Buddhism book really encourages it though
Practicing "Cry Me a River" and "Spooky" to sing in a club tomorrow night. Love comparing all the U-tube versions on the web for ideas. La!
haha that's much worse :P
Yes i know you see racism everywhere at some point. It's something that can't be totally demolished. :(
thanks lady bug!! How'd you like the storm y'all are having??
You have to multi - task. JK
it was an absolute pleasure to finally meet you & have join the fun at last night. I'm still stuffed.
did i just see what i thought i saw?!
when u put it like tht, it seems so far away :(
am i wut?
vegas im home :)
happy birthday :)
lmao! sorry ive been out :S
I know. She was acting like a total a-hole yesterday. ._____.
: Thanks Michael...we need another "communities" discuss, eh? #lrnchat < Yes!
S/O tonight judging at Teen Icon down here at Municipal!!!
The finest, most delicious street art around. I want to eat ... I mean, meet this guy!
2012 I'm ready for you
TEMA'S FALL SAVINGS EVENT is in full swing. Visit our showroom to browse all the great deals. Select items on sale with up to 50% Off.
I think they are having a after party at the Relapse tonight around 12:30.
No you don’t know what it’s like When nothing feels alright You don’t know what it’s like to be like me-Welcome To My Life, Simple Plan
Dear Alva OK, we were on our way to rock out with you and something came up... A deer in Memphis smashed our ride! Maybe another time?
My weight loss has stalled. Actually gained a few this past week, back up to 210. Need something to kick it back into gear.
yes...I have training next week so I'm busy writing new power point presentations and tests....how are you?
I want to be an astronaut.
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new marketing partners Realty City, Al White For Mayor, Flag Ranch Golf Course & Hilton Harris Real Estate
Max has been downgraded to a yellow... (I should have went into crisis couseling)
No we utilize 3 on a daily basis. We do not want to overwhelm our followers & friends with the same message. Diversity is needed!
We dont have any tours lined up but when we do we would like to hit NY RT : do you guys tour? Like NY area?
Dear Mom: Someday I'll make you proud of something… but not in terms of school
@ The Barber shop with my boys #Fresh Cut
Thank you back! :)
You turned out to be the best thing I never hadd . Sucks too be you right now , your sadd your hurtt boo hoo , did you expect me too hurt ?
are you goin to 's screening jawn tomorrow eve?? also, gonna be driving out from LA, can def give ride if you need!
Can someone get back on DEFENSE????
Here's the thing I don't understand about "Inception:" when did Leo get so GORGEOUS?!?!???
...I wanna be a modern dancer.
Yay! You finally got it back!<3:D
That's very impressive!
#Minnesota Loving the Mall Of America <3
“: Bitter leaders rarely recruit better leaders. Like recruits like. Cheer up! Change starts with you.Choose #DynamicRecruitment”
Srry don't think I can go but I am still goin to watch u plz try to make your way to Rochester new York plz follow
good!!! Enjoying this rainy then sunny then rainy again day..
that moment when I think ESB means Empire Strikes Back.....like Star Wars.... every time.
Going to bed...night everybody
I think we have 6 right now. Shoot me a text after class. Maybe meet you before.
should have said, "Looking forward to seeing pics!". Sorry...slow learner. :)
I've sicced the grandparents on it. Might get "The Rescuers" for myself.
Need me for wat lesbian lolRT : ": I want some cereal real bad Lol goodmornin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>" i need u ..
Man, the #gwj IRC channel is really great. Good times all around tonight.
Let's take out kony
Exciting Innovations That Will Change Computing in 2012
how so!
follow me back for my birthday lol
why you mad tho?
Calling all #youngprofessionals in #MKE, join us at for drinks, Irish music and #networking!
depart depart Friday leave Sunday. I have a wedding saturday in cbus so I won't get in till Saturday night
RT Wonder why I'm feeling #Vertigo? #Hitchcock (@ Mission Dolores Park w/ 14 others)
Reverb is rockin FACEBOOK for musicians lol ! I coined that reverb ,THANKS EVERYONE HAVE A ROCKIN DAY ! AND BE SAFE GOD BLESS
what grade are you in?
Getting in my daily dose of #DISTURBED with Pain Redefined!!! Memories don't lie ...
tonight at the Beacon. Ready for the funny.
S/O to my good friend Kile Brooks who once had 20 rebounds in a game for the Augusta Panthers!! Follow him please so he will stop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>!!!!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!!!
Question at event for teachers: How do you balance current events with the obligation to teach the standard curriculum?
Thank you to all my friends family and everyone else who stopped by last night supporting my new band the shadow shape!
New Costume Warrior Prince Costume
It seemed like everything i wanted got stolen right out of my hands in one day. Today -sigh-
Life is good.
it just seems like my high school is a better fit than any other.
you have a sweetheart?
Thanks for the time article..Interesting conversation. <U+2665>
Looking for a contract web analyst with Atlas experience for a quick project next week. Is that you? @ me?
up early or going to bed late?
Whoops, expressing opinions here that are better left to my personal Twitterizing here:
how does this interact w/ 'public' schools?
trying different hair styles for prom<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
no im dirty dan!
all i want is gagagagagagaga!!!!!!! :/
and #bowerypresents are making my night!
TONIGHT! Open Mic - Flowers Of Fire - Poetry for your Mommas!
washed, hulled and sliced about 22 lbs of strawberries in 45 minutes...
Hey, thanks for the follow!
The first few internet marketing deals are going to be great! We'll be announcing a launch date soon.
wax that 4000 pound ass!
I'm trending. I think I scored a goal in Argentina or something like that.
Saw #TheDebt today starring Helen Mirren and Tom Wilkinson.
Honesty? When you promise a customer something, you go through hell do deliver it, no matter the cost. Wisdom? "Never promise a damn thing."
Have you heard David Crowder's song: The Glory of it All? I mean *really* heard? Such life, hope, and healing in the words.
haha no its probably gunna be great but what songs were you thinking about?(:
;* (Blows Kiss) down my TL.
SYNC IT UP! Wait. give me like 3 weeks, k?
making closets sexy. Hard to do
If I click on the email link that I receive as being a member of your site, I don't expect to have to enter my login info every time.
On CSPAN...woman is talking about need for more thoughtful dialogue. In the background singing and protest chants. Seems fitting.
i wanna wish my twitter peeps and happy and safe new yrs eve.
4yo nephew was doing backflips on a bungee/trampoline on his own. And laughing. Future
Monster turn-out for #BostonHusky game watch If you're not here right now, get here! covering the game watch.
I'm thinking next time I'll just pay extra for a nicer hotel in a nicer part of town. The sooner I fall asleep, the sooner I can leave.
Looking forward to it! Can't wait to see the savings and the recipes!
"Hey wanna go to my ex girlfriends graduation party, its a pool party" in my head "LOL NO THANKS" in reality "um whatever you want baby"-__-
#NoDisrespect :How do you get people to reply? Does it always have to be #OutOfTheBox or can you just be Straight Foward
Thanks Amanda! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway! Happy #mothersday !
It is quite apparent that the 'Washington entity' is not in control but that God is!
Woke up late.. Oops
It's time for Environmental Companies to save you time and money.Our new StepWise Program is made to handle all Environmental Due Diligence
congrats on finishing thesis, sister!!! cc
always been a dream mine
Today's BTU inspiration: "Your children will become what you are; so be what you want them to be." ~David Bly
Jeez Louise #tbj could u possibly ignore my hawks anymore?
God morning #litaforum attendees! Grab that cuppa and let's get conferencing for our last day.
I will be
that good, huh?
Well I think.
Tami is a bully & Ghetto...She is relevant b/c of Evelyn.
MONDAY LATE NIGHT SNACK (AVAILABLE AFTER 10PM) RHUBARB-BQ SANDWICHES served with coleslaw
everyone is seeing the avengers today omg
Photo: Alabama sports its new national championship rings
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THANKS!
Photos look sweet.
Its annoying when people act so immature -____-
Have a wonderful show
I just got startled of something it sounded like a ringtone to a phone I went downstairs it stopped and it wasn't anyone phone
Its a good morning i got up motivated
Hi Kandi! Just coming by to show you some love and tell you thank you.
Had an awesome weekend Went 2 Forks and Corks @ Ringling; a local food and wine festival. David said it was the 2nd best day of his life
May the fourth be you.
Last day of classes for #SEN1OR2 tomorrow!!
Song of the day: time of your life
Nobody's perfect, I'm nobody, there for I'm perfect(;
Charlene is NOT THE BOSS...I run the spot with an iron fist!!! (she is also not on twitter, can you tell???)
Hahahah I forgot about your serious fear of lightening. My badd
agreed! User submitted content or suggestions often yield the most interesting stories!
I need drama in my life to keep making money.
Dear - That was pretty much hands down the best review of SD! we've ever received... (con't)
in #AlexanderWang bondage. F**k ya gon' do?
thanks!! just a few items to get you started... Lot's more from spring assortment to come!!
okay now im tottaly bored !!!!!!!!!
Women R my equal & I support your rights as if they are mine. Limbaugh is a big mouth disrespectful, hateful coward! Men Respect ur women.
#ACRL2011 looking forward to listening to Clinton Kelly.
Some people take this class way too seriously
Be entered to win a free nights stay at the SpringHill Suites! Don't forget to RETWEET our tweet!! Good Luch!
So My Mum Called & Said Our Family Could Be Moving Back To London Again. I Wish Our Family Could Just Fucking Park It Somewhere, God Damn.
Sometimes we have to lose what we thought we wanted to find what we never imagined we could have.
Trying to figure out when to leave for the game. Are we gonna have BP tonight or not because of the weather?
I just wanna get to know a few. Not everybody. Mo ppl mo problems
Best Marvel Movie ever!
I need entertained
Kobe Bring it back!!!
British asparagus &amp; oak-roast salmon tart: Stephen Jackson's recipe - Huddersfield Examiner
Scarborough: Newt Uses The Politics Of 'Resentment'. Nixon on steroids.
Texting probably doesn't help your survival skills any.
Lil B= Realest Rapper Alive
re: scale -- i think it's nice when positivity scales. we can reapply models for profit to models for social benefit.
Sitting at track...not running
Entrepreneurship = People People People x 4
Too true, I'm cleaning out my desk drawers this week: RT A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer. (Bumpersticker)
Authentic, honest ways of being, create the energy of truth within us.
im thinking you would make a pretty dandy boyfriend.
Very true. The industry is propagating the misuse of that label through it's own inadequacies of quality participants.
who would you have rather taken in the 2nd round? Give me Valenti's expert pick.
ill be praying for you :)
I say negative things about poverty. Poverty is colorblind. It drives all races to crime.
what did I do today tho?? lol
not being a hater but 2days big news is lost opportunity , TMG again nba picks u not u pick them
Trying to party FREE in DC Sat | Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
#UnsignedBandOfTheDay Follow these cool cats & check out their music on Facebook! <3
“: Shout out to dem girls with them cheetah print tattoos! !!!” :)
#Nashville, moved here 9 months ago to birth a big loud sweaty show at tomorrow night at 9pm. Be there to celebrate!!
Same failing Twitter search results from "home."
I heard the clubs are empty tonight!!!! Thanks alot wal-mart....lol
Drunks go acoustic Tour Day 2: Driving to Bakersfield, playing Riley's Tavern tonight. #drunksgoacoustic new tour sponsor
Susan... that thang wasn't worth a dollar! You would have to go over a piece of dust 2 or 3 times to get it suck it up!!!!!
I just might. I'll let you know what days I'll be there once I finalize everything.
That one special person who can make you smile everytime, no matter how you're feeling.
Kinda wishin' today was a damn RED day.
The idea of ever having to witness Windows on an iPad makes me want to poke my eyes out with a stylus.
lol look it up. Y'all known for being humanitarians and passionate about things they love. Gemini duality leads to great debate.
Ayo im tellin you when i see poor people or homeless people struggling i cant do nothin but feel sorry for them
I don't like having to tell people my astrological sign. There's just something so depressing about saying, "Hi, I'm a Cancer."
I really should go to sleep... *sigh* but I'd rather just lay here and pet my kitty. :)
Just met !! BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
I was telling people last night "I was there when was creating juke juke.
On the kitchen.. remember them days shid o was in there the udda day
"No guilt in life, no fear in death, This is the power of Christ in me; From life’s first cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny."
What would be the difference if she werent in the picture?
meditating/in a burning room
I'd do ANYTHING to meet Austin. I need to meet him. But I have to be patient I guess. :P
Super excited for my best friend date with after class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> he always makes my day better!
can I get a R/T? Save John Dewey High School! Going back to the roots :)
Omg Gamel couldnt just hit Braun in? Come on
I wish! I'm in San Diego but would love to next time I'm in NYC!
better...still sore...thanks for asking
wont happen <Mrs. macaylen. >
Awe thats good have fun ask questions and it could be better :/
Couldnt sleep at all last night. Now im sleepy..
The realest nikka u know
This Sunday is the Gobble Gobble Music Festival at the Yost Theater! 307 N. Spurgeon st. Santa Ana starts at 5PM Red Carpet event!
Super Moon outside my bedroom window...yeah
Today VO class!
Hanging with the Atlanta housewives?
- true, legacy costs are a bear for USPS. Don't see viable business model as mail volumes plummet. Only opportunities missed.
Finally caught the "jackin' it" in San Diego South Park episode. I prefer "whale's vagina" as far as pop culture references to my town go.
im actually kind of sad that this is my last day of adpr 3600... :/
I want somebody to just give me some good advice.
wish you could see all of the free wine I have this weekend. Josh gave it to me. Quit work and drink sum!
If you hear the song "Yoo Hoo" on Sunday and you look over and only see hair and sunglasses. That's me.
How do spiritual principles work? Very well, thank you very much -Jerry
RT : Patience:: ur time is comin! Dreams come a couple of sizes too big so we can grow into em
Bootleg is on..... Ryan Stroble is behind the decks and the crowd is awesome! Hands down the best tunes in the city tonight.
The contest ends May 30th so u have time to share it with your friends, on fb, and on twitter. it wouldnt hurt to share it multiple times ;)
ah just seeing this. Text next time-I'm more reliable. Have an awesome day!
Following back , match after school!
Also wondering if the magic wants to induce might find a partner in the art which helps when thinking is hard.
InDaisy - many books are available - and uses international standards
What are the skin lesions related to HIV infection? | Information ...
#thatcamp #thatcampgames Time to make the sessions...
More than 86% CPA firms have yet to inegrate a #CRM program into their organization. cc'
My DM inbox is so thirsty right now. LMAO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Making strides forward everyday #lifestooshort to was time
Hi Beatpunk *waves back*
The tiny twitter default pic makes girls look way hotter than they are
RT : "Wow, were you dropped as a baby?" "Ya I was... into a pool of sexy!"
Brianna Eans is behind me right now thinking she stuck in her seat lmao
The greatest joy in life is doing what others say you cannot do.
With Nicole(: Shes great(:
sorry this is so late, but thank you guys :)
re: #axl he is such a dick. But what u say is true!
Hugs to your gran from Minnesota!
On the other hand there is absolutely nothing to do in this town
#20factsaboutme 17) I desperately want to be good enough, but I always do something wrong
The real leader has no need to lead--
Grammy Awards.
oh yea who?!
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Louis:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
No one should have to justify their dreams.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<34
Very cool. Thanks for letting us know. How's the conf?
i want a friend like sheldon cooper.
It's yours if you want it. $80 priceline rate, avail tomorrow-Monday b/c am going to Des Moines those days. Don't ask. :-)
I heard of a city, called heaven, I'm trying to make it, make heaven, my home
what is voxer?
:(((( Talk To Your Bubbbbbbyyy
RT : To unite the #Jewish people and protect #israel is our duty! -Amb Oren
Take a look at the sessions you like & click "Yes! I might attend." They're using it to assign rooms this year...
"Wilbur Niewald: the Studio Portrait" opens at 5 p.m. Jan. 13 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. Niewald taught painting at KCAI.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm, New accusations of wrong doing against an SDPD sergeant charged in a ticket fixing scandal.
Was someone just yelling boo?
When broken hearts rise to say love is a lie, we will stand to be loves reply <3
2Chainz so awkward and lanky tho <U+E412>
crying :( ": Hello Tennessee. I've missed you."
it's creepy!
Setting DVR for 's new #sportsbiz show premiering tonight on
OH: "Man, I've never been the same since Mama made me wring that chicken's neck."
so when Kobe gets the ball is the crowd yelling boo or flu
Photowalk in Austin, Texas Next Week. Info on my wall below. Join us.
cool story bro dont tell it again.
Pulled an 18 hour drive from louisiana to colorado springs yesterday! Ain't touring grand!??
beautiful weekend ahead for nyc..... check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!
finally got my #birchbox, made my day!
Thank you!!! I'm so glad that it brightens your day just a little. :)
Up and at em! Bright and early!
I love myself and it feel so good! Ain no other love like it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
If You Not Playin This Mortal Kombat.....Kill Yaself....
New episodes soon. In the meantime, check out this funny outtake. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Thank you Geronimo Pratt, we won't forget you!
These flamin' hot lays>>>>>>>
Can't decide between dessert & drinks? We've got the best of both worlds from in the #momsFF Style Suite!
Sierra. Thinking of you. To God with all my heart! Please be safe. Please make it home..... ^v^
Mikey like "Fu€< these clowns"
Merry, Merry Christmas everyone ... if you don't celebrate, Happy Holidays!
Which makes them a bad team in comparison to EnVyUs. Not having strats is their own fault and downfall.No one else.
Every time I eat a banana, I think of and his "seductive" banana eating. ;)
Brittney spears sings r soo great but I hate how most of them r auto tuned
How is everyone<3
but i love my weirdo <3 hahhah dont worry im one too lol. how you been?
What one person may want to change about you- someone else may see a treasure in.
It was good!
Read your blog post today too, I hope today finds you blessed and your struggle rewarded with victory! God bless you!
NEVER HEARD OF #TW RT : RT : I like #TeamWestside songs better than
braden don't tell us what to do
thank you, skylar should still Be in it
@ so cool. Actually a great time to bring it out...60's today and tomorrow.
LOL my nana is fucking beast! My grandpa is talking shit about her to everyone and she says 'Well I guess I'm famous! Everyone loves me!' <U+E412>
Took time, but last night when I created FB event, went through all FB friends. Invited about 1/3. None will say wtf
Saw PAUL tonight. Having lived in England and being married to a Brit, the USA vs. UK humor really made the film for me. Marmite. LOL!
We continue to grow our library of green screen backgrounds for the mobile flipbook studio. What themes/scenes do you think we should add?
...and for some reason his real name is a massively funny joke. Okay, I'll take my music news back now please.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
What's on your mind?(: haha
Seriously, that's actually every woman to every husband/boyfriend.
Teachers, Children's Advocates Chant Schooling Demands On DOE's Doorstep
Skiles shows a little passion. Gets ejected.
Define "awake." I too am out of bed, but awake isn't the right word.
Thanks for the #follow Let's rock a gig sometime soon!
when in sin city, do as sinners do
that was my 1st thought when I read about the new badges!!
could u please help us to trend #switzerlandwantsbiebsback ??
A Thank You to our newest followers Have a wonderful day!
do you have any scheduled performances coming up?(:
Thank you for saying this. One of my former coworkers was having a meltdown about this.
Haha I AM going. xD and sure, you guys will be right next to the rest of the team. :D
COM Theory and Visual COM. Just lots and lots of info...
Bout to go to da 100 black men program yea!!!!!!!
you understood me? Yayy I speak Greek! Hahah
Be careful what you allow to enter your mind, you just might cause psychological genocide.
Dam yall r steady on Kim's dick,posing as haterz but r secret fans,since u like dick so much throw them lips this way,hater!!
dear lord, the answers so far are borderline terrifying
Looks like there will be a full field of sprints at Andy McKisson, Davey Jones, Gale Ruth Jr all first time out this season
Ur in Miami!!! I think omgg I really hope I get 2 c u I'm so happy!!!!!!!! How was ur flight???
“: You look like a crack head.” Thanks girl (;
Playoff hockey begins tomorrow night. Do yourself a favor & watch #Pens vs #Flyers series. Intensity of that series is gonna be insane
it was AMAZING <3
come up here I can get you in free. I have a buddy pass !(:
thank u!
Courage is knowing what not to fear. -Plato
Nice! Will do! Excited to be at Conlins Weds (5/9) from 5-7p! RT be sure to get the home made chips they are fn awesome
yes, and against a shorthanded nets...
How old is your mattress? Sleeping well at night? #sleep #mattress king
haha yes I'm from Chicago REPRESENT (;
OM-Fing-G. They're selling penis pumps on television. Pos-T-Vac. And you thought yhere was nothing useful in the backpages of Hustler...
you know its a slow day on twitter when "AP Gov" is trending.
Have a client expanding his local footprint in Florida. #DavinciVirtual such great #virtualoffice pricing there! $30/mo? Yes please!
Wth was Justin Bieber doing with Mayweather .
Missed yesterday's #50People to Watch ticket giveaway? is hosting another Facebook contest today! via
Im loving love and hiphop right about now.
I love you ; p
The season for "NO" excuses? Too many excuses by a bunch of bitches... Too bad they took the opportunities from someone else!
definitely, we're very excited to have Shauna join the team. Thanks for the mention.
Yeah, most popular subreddits are a mob mentality circlejerk.
why yall so depressed on sleeping alone?? lmao
Note to self - no Torchweed after midnight or while eating supper.
I don't see you following yet...what gives?!!
lol so do I(: he is SO CUTE(:
If someone's driving in more than one lane, I will totally yell into question the level of inbreeding that spewed them into this world.
sounds like you need to join Nyquil Anonymous. The first step is admitting your life has become unmanageable.
Very excited about the Silent Music Revival tonight at Firehouse Theatre Project w/ Photosynthesizers!
THANK YOU! To everybody for voted for our hero and a big huge THANK YOU to you Max, for all you do for
U should listen to Twitter on this one
": You have to let life and resources flow out of you to others in order to have room for life to be poured into you."
yeah his concerts are always fun!
Overheard - two teen girls talking about how much they love old movies...like The Lion King.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Ohio blew the roof off its shooting efficiency numbers against Michigan.
Did I meet you for a reason or for a season?
Great day of shooting , lots of great footage, this mini doc is coming along great!
Attempting to get in the car "Ouch, I banged my head on the door and on the inside of the car! So I basically got double banged"
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four. Tonight @ 7:30 pm. Where will you stand? Moment < Movement
What's up you proud American!!! FYI I care about what you tweet about...
Three day weekends are *awesome* :D
Where is this?
Yep. Not liking the way this is playing out. Rough half with those foul calls.
Tip #197: Just when you think you have "MASTERED" selflessness, ask God for a little perspective & He will gladly give it!
yeah. we'll ask them
Awesome :D I like your new picture by the way! :o
Nice, a Multics (LOTR) joke. Haven't heard one of those in 25 years.
Check our our Ministry!!!! www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
thanks... You too!
I think I have a serious case of tissue paper poisoning...Merry Christmas Everyone!
RT : Tune in to 's to hear 's talk all things cocktails Friday 1:30pm!
yeah we did! Lol! I love DD too! He lived in my neighborhood when I lived back in GB! Great guy, great family man!
Sister Christian, Night Ranger
In 23 days, I will be a senior.
Republican on the Alaskan Tundra and I like men.
RT : breakfast would be lovely. « i know !!! Make it lol
Team STH headed to weigh-in, thinking light thoughts, spit cup in hand!
Every preview of next week's episode of Mad Men is the same: Don, Peggy, Roger, Megan… they're all going to answer ringing telephones!
RT The best response to stupidity is silence
Made a new video! Check it out in a bit!
Everybody likes a compliment. - Abraham Lincoln
Abublubliblu were such losers
also got pamphlets and explanations of complicated rules governing food scrap pickup for apartment buildings of over 8 units
IFC options in Revit let's you pick what exports.Need IFCarea. Open the text file to see it exported.
As much as I'd like to listen to #chrisbrown.... I can't.. He fucked up!!! #imstillwithit!!
Anybody know what the big mystery is all about over at Little, Brown & Company? Sounds interesting.
Love...? Once it starts to go away don't expect it to ever be the same your losing me slowly.. Can't say I didn't warn ya...;)
RIP Checkers Penguins and Blackhawks
Learning to do one thing at a time...
follow a wolff pack alum :)
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
O will be cracking skulls for tonight
Agree completely.
#CharityTuesday Shoutout 2 a few #nonprofits working on #jobcreation from a justice perspective
RT Listening to with 's & #JamesRoday talking about theatre in L.a. & new show #AFT”
Gorgui with a little hand down, man down
Oh no, heat lamps are off.
Hated the dunk contest! Bo!!!!
yes I agree
Good luck babybabybooboo!!!
Be true to who you are.(:
Happy birthday to my bff corimia everyone wish her a happy birthday! :D!
1 day down, 1 to go.
it may be that my roommate is gay or it may be I am super super FUNKY! You decide...
According to press reports, they warned people in advance that this might happen. Not enough?
Don't know when or where, but once again I made it home!! BIG!!
working on my bucket list
More important than names are retirements. Big, fat ones at prestigious institutions. And at the pretenders.
ok good i was nervous there for a second lol jk..
British speedway rider Lee Richardson was killed after a crash in a race in Poland - Sad Mother's day.
you like a lot of things
The more I watch any online education videos, the more I realize this is the wrong way to learn. Videos are just far too passive.
is there some special event coming up that you need a haircut?
#illinois foul on paul his 3rd. double bonus for Gasser and #badgers with 1:27 left. officials reviewing call
boo!! Lol see ya tomorrow xoxo :) :*
Bardacke's hero: UFW fought righteous battle against capital and lost. Not first and won't be the last. Happy May Day!
my gf dropper her iPhone in the toilet today too. Must be something in the air. ( or water, I guess)
Exactly how tragic is it to apply for an internship after I get my MFA?
“: dude, Vegas! I'm going to wrestle one of the MGM Lions.” oh yea likewise and some wet republic, gotta love it!
Lots of interesting conversations and ideas at
oh yes!!! And don't forget about six flags, because this year i'm going with you guys..
Thanks for braving the cold to give us the yummy goodness! I loved the blintz-style. You guys are the best!
like! Oh wait this isn't Facebook
hahaha I told you!
Yay called sprint and they fixed my #iPhone 4s issues
Can homeless people get homesick?
yeah right in Nevada, with many of boosters from UNLV making "private donations" it's being investigated by the NCAA.
Just had a "good" cry. I forgot how great those feel.
Sam, connor, and willie playing just dance= funniest thing ever!!
1 yr membership FREE @ www.TheGymPro.com, use promo code "fit" in the field after the Account Info page during the sign up process. FREE!!!
Good for you, 80% and all...
all those shows like that are that's why I don't watch stick with football,racing,and hockey and you can't go wrong
Stand up comedy >
I dnt even know if im still goin to be able to go to HILLSBORO next year?? my mama took that situation to the board
egads. for me that's the worst part of working in the children's room: inattentive parents.
Australian axe-wielding robot defeated. 5-year-old happily humming "Spacelab" to himself. You know, the Kraftwerk track after "The Robots".
Swat Options Big $$$ Plays Recent profits: SPY 2833% DLB 1633% NKE 1022% HUN 922%... The list goes on, check out the board and website.
I am checking on the status of this. I know it was logged as a bug earlier this morning. I will follow up with you shortly.
Good morning #TGIF . What are your plans for this weekend
I got the same e-mail today as well : ))
Don't Kanye West me or I'll Chris Brown you then Tiger Woods your girl.
RT I know I’m not the only one who still uses my fingers to count… Fingers, the original calculator : lol
Spring has sprung.
Now i realize why i stopped eating mcdonalds
You're both so sweet. What about ? Indeed. I love learning from both you & on this...
worst team in the league if we're going strictly off of name power.
I feel so neglected. Let's chitchat.
oh, you know we're just running down the road for fun.. not because we're late or anything. psssht. <U+E105>
R.I.P Whitney Houston. Sad such a huge inspiration is gone<3
I know, we should have selected a rarer beast like the dulcimer.
Way to bring it Wolf, good effort.
Aye don't get to cocky -_- & someone told me his first name & it was the same thing you told me !
Sad that I am missing #ASTD2012 in Denver but I will be at the other events this year!
this place is incredible, I love it! tasty food, beautiful people, cool architecture. I'll post some info on the upcoming shows soon...
Ate at The Elephant Bar,had The philly, took home desert.Found my Habenero tabasco at Albertsons.
Norweigan explorer, H.R. Pufnstuf, on a quest to find the most perfect onion, discovered the island of Aruba in 1948.
I bet he still has it.
I hope he sues Dale Jr for $234,456,285.
Cold, bright sun, crackling-dry day. Soon to water my Oakland garden; roses blooming! Starting to hear the silence under all the cyber-hum.
I did! Thanks for the tweet :D Hope your exams are going well. Are you done?
I'm going to go ahead and say it. I miss so effing much it hurts! Hurry up and move here, boy!
its miller time.
I love watching Kobe footwork shot fake jab scoring ability and also love hearing him booed in Denver. Questionable personal life.
I can't drink at work anymore, I hit on my boss and get repeatedly shunned for trying to smoke in the office.
Michigan is giving it away. Now I can only hope for a Duke loss as a consolation prize.
13th #SDCChiHack is CloutBout, an app for a fantasy football-style league for social media personalities
John was being a meanie pants until he said goodbye :( #lastday #upset #
who is super essited about #BASHH this Thursday!?!?
Just placed my order. Looking forward to reading it.
ty hope ur party was live also
Are you painting today as well?
We're still giving away lots of free stuff with any online order you make! And by any order, I mean ANY order.. Buy 1 pack or 50!
Oh Okay Then.Still i'll be watching...Every inch,every minute, every hour.Even in lunch.Oh what the heck u know i wouldn't.
Got it-it was blocked after read more. I'm writing a post about your social media strategy
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
I wanna see when its done. pics!!!
#SharkWeek is the shit. Coolest animals on the planet (besides Manatees).
that is awesome
Funny language illustrates gaining height til= flight. So carefully anticipate raising expectations drop-off= scared. So simple, yet...
Have you been a good boy/girl this year? Give yourself an early Christmas present and get your tickets to Abq Sci Fi Expo!
Marlee you should write that yourself
I just registered for the Walt Disney World Marathon. Anyone else an early sign-up?!
psyched for dinner to honor deborah conrad and
I just realized that I'm a Maker's Mark Ambassador, but for some crazy reason I wasn't following !
:) good lookin' out ! ha
Over 8 hours and no sales... the rain can fuck itself. I wish I brought my workout clothes. I need to work out this agression.
Going to GPC this morning
I couldn't do it if I stood where you stood.
that's a good idea. If flights are cheap I could be interested. If that doesn't work we could always hang at the Chi amenity deck
Welcome to Baltimore and the Ravens! You've got a bunch of fans who welcome you with open arms!
WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for servers and a friendly greeter/host. Stop in to fill out an application! 277 W Nationwide BLVD! please RT!
aren't options
shit. i have to practice my ass off.
what's wrong with you mama?
Game 3 in Denver #Lakers vs
is fucking awesome. That is all.
WHO TRYNA SMOKE DIS LOUD WIT ME
Come to fireside bowl tonight! bad bad meow plays 30 but get there early so you can score a lane!
"good times!! :-) : Just ate a pb&j sandwich and mac&cheese for lunch. I'm officially a 5yo again. #didnteatthecrust"
Just yawned a sneeze away
Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough was #1 on this day in 1979. I always sing along but know none of the words.
Can't help it
Lethal Lips is so fucking NASTY
Another line out - Leicester steal
"However, the deeper spiritual core of the ancient culture... reverence for gods and the heavens, cannot be destroyed" #ShenYun revives it.
We review all submissions in real time to be sure they are on brief. If not we go back to the creator and discuss how to change
I'm training right now: Modelos on no sleep & I cracked a tooth today eating sweet tarts. I'm taking Philly serious.
Keep on Rockin'!!!
Alright its Fri 13th! I get a kick out of all those superstisious people out there scared of this day.
I'm rocking the salt and pepper thing on the sides of my head too. Totally distinguished!
and there's something else.
but seriously when i say broke i mean exploded And when i say exploded i mean plastic shrapnel....
I dont think there will be a better comedy this year then Avengers and Cabin in the Woods. Joss Whedon: master of the call waiting gag.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Dances With Titties (Dances With Wolves)
Missing like crazy. The anticipation is driving me nuts!
Congrats on registering for the GMAT! Which MBA programs are you considering?
Just discovered this fantastic music site www.inbflat.net (via ) Very cool idea!
#AskRicardo how annoying our ur stupid finals?
Yay new phone!!
Don't let the pressure stop you from rising... ~
and then they think you're trying to flirt like tf? lol
I don't know why, but I can watch The Social Network over and over
you a shizzle no i mean a shiest bitches scared of my dick they called it the poltergeist
I do what I want too, I play by my own rules, let's just dance the night away!
We're glad they quieted down for the concert! RT : Got ... great views of the Blue Angels as I drove to concert
Tweets from the streets
that shits broken kick and see if it works
People from all over are arriving for our 2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference then Symposium!
Forgive past transgressions and become something wonderful, hold grudges and become something detestable.
it will be! I wish I was going too
you played a hell of a game. We'll get them on sunday
": Fuck it! I'm bout to go to ATL or CHI."<=RICH NIGGA SHIT!!!
Without her ~ Nothing exists ~
yes. rip it off and get some big-ass band-aids.
hey, fantastic news!
Softball: Canby blanks Lake Oswego, 8-0, to move into tie for first place with Clackamas at 4-1 in league. Both teams meet Friday in Canby.
7 page paper in record time. Ugh. Ready for a good run and doing something FUN tonight!
I agree RE the boring drama. That's one of many reasons I'm not on reality tv.
You have no idea how much better my toes feel now
wrong. Total COIT is a complicated formula. $18mil Carmel $12 Noblesville Fishers $6. Not based on prop value
Oh, hi 2012. I'm going to kick your ass.
Let us know how the Mondrian clutch turns out! RT I am so making this.
I hate that shit.
as sure as the sun will rise so too will the badgers come away with a victory tonight
#aboutme i play the sims
Damn, it's #FollowFriday again already. What the hell do I do all week?
"Herman Cain Admits He Quoted Pokemon"
Wait, is it too late to vote for Gargamel in this thing?
Arm will NOT stop hurting. Does the #universe never want me to learn to ski?
For the next six months I'm Michael Fassbender in Shame
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 27
Last AP exam! #finishingstrong <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
What do u think? If they lose do you trade Wade? No sense in having 2 of the same player to me. Need a bench stat!!!
I'm with Fine Vines. How have you been?
Hi Diane, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived. DM?
And saying if NFL counts, sucks for Scott Thomas that he decided to go and serve his country instead? That doesn't seem fair.
I taught Flower everything he knows
+1 : RT Would be cool if some #PinCamp -ers could join Wed's #wjchat about going from digital to IRL engagement
Thank you! Cheers to a great contest!
Charles Barkley talking sh*t to Mitt Romney on air. Lol's & Roflcopter's abound.
Im not really appreciating art at the moment.
I meant apply the good wishes. Excuse the late night incoherence. :)
Janis Joplin, Jon Hamm and - celeb trio in 4th quarter Mercedes commercial
Story of the single girls life
Good luck for what?
These nigga be on bull shit and play 2 many game!
At Tonjas Cupofjava we keep it Local! Anodyne Coffee Roasting Company, Wild Flour Bakery, Soup and Sandwich, Tea are from Rishi Tea Company!
Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail
Rolling up blunts for whenever...
are tour tough enough for it?
hahaha.. zayn its mine so shut up:)
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down so you can learn how to live right side u
RT : it was great seeing you #G2B12 <--- You too, Helen! You made me laugh - a lot! LOVE!
Do anybody not have kids anymore? laaaawwwwdddd!
Lol im here RT : yeah cuz I need yu to make it to skool n tell mama sge need to watch da road
agreed. Learned the hard way.
We certainly are! -- RT : It's Friday where we are. Are you ready for the weekend?
it's exciting (and a little scary) to see this kind of shift.
hi jeff i love the show & really would love to know more about your friend joe that looks like criss angel & how to contact him
Ugh, didn't want to spend Mother's day on a house fire.
I got 4 different text messages about the Golden Gate Bridge closing. Apparently it's not.
How has the #SAG #AFTRA merge effected you?
Uber excited to see in concert at #WolfTrap in late June.
One more vote to go, not that it will be much different.
finally Friday. Yes!
": 2012 is a scary year"
Matthew Pengilly has a gorgeous smile
guy sitting next to me at the poker table ordered 3 double cheeseburgers, fries & diet coke. i said good thing you got diet & he asked why?
Listening to the backstreet boys cos
very exciting that students are now enrolled in ENGL197r Online Research Lab class. Hope all goes well when class starts on Monday!
High 5! RT : :D sounds good!
Them tacos were good >.<
what are you doing girl??
School is probably worse than eating a turd.
Looking for a #Records #Specialist for a long-term temporary assignment in #Pittsburgh. Our client is looking to hire immediately so contac…
twitter has a better chance of increasing my knowledge than this class right now
Every time i dont take notes that shit ends up on the test
!belated happy so .vacation on was i because it missed i but day #grammar national was yesterday
on right now hooking you up with a 4 pack of tickets to the tonight!!!
we bowling tonight
He's good looking(:
omg. umm next time. no heels to parties! haha.
“Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music. www.chicagodjnetwork.com
well at least you think you do
they're absolute idiots!
Mom. West coast.
everyone should watch "betty white's off their rockers" #HILARIOUS!
Off the Oscars to-watch list: "We Need to Talk About Kevin." Wow. Don't read anything about this movie, just go watch it!
mite go holla at my guys n da trees wat yall got up
May you be abundantly blessed in 2012 & beyond, may you achieve all of your goals & may 2012 be the best year of your until replaced by 2013
Back at work after taking the week off to take care of wife post-surgery. She's doing a lot better and wants me to get back to work! :-)
My dear #nonprofits has a $10million fund to support #charities that develop new #business models. Innovate now!
I want some Cajun food today.
Totaly agree pal. Was cut by the #Chargers prior to signing with the #Cowboys. There is a tremendous amount of risk involved.
Why do niggaz standing on the busstop try to give you that Please give me a ride stare! Muhfugga I don't know you lol!
GUN SHOW!! MAY 1ST & 2ND AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIRGROUNDS. N EW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
Headed east? Follow or for up-to-date info on all the fun things to do.
Please, someone shoot up Berman instead of Ben's ankle. He is hooorrrriiibbbllle! #mnf. Just shut up already!
OMG I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!
Boy- "What time is it?" Mom-::Looks @ her watch:: Boy- "You don't have 2 tell me if U buy me a Star Wars watch." SO SLICK!!!
Sounds even better the second time oh my god<3
Not really up for the b.s anymore I'm so fed up .
oh it was - trust me!
ok shit, I'll change my icon
Thanks to a certain someone, I have now updated folks I follow.
Painting, drywall repairs, mouldings and much more. Call Mr.D's for all your home renovation needs. 619-562-5848 or www.mrdspainting.com
man that was not funny
Later Twitter :D
I'm at a payphone trying to call home, all of my change I spent on you..
#Apple has Lost A visionary Today
We now have openings for Brunch!! Come on in!
Just now wondering....why the heck don't I get International Women's Day off? Or at least a discount at the liquor store or something.
Welcome from a SoCal to Cleveland transplant brother...Go Dodgers!!!
Just landed at the Social Summit. Venues got a good vibe, and the weather couldn't be more right! (#bsocial12 ...
Looking for interesting panels during #EC? Come to our Race in the 'Verse panel on Sat, 5-6p w/ Michelle Hu, & !
Adams: To find veterans I usually go through the local VBA or VFW. Different groups to get older, younger veterans
Craziest Friday Night ever
ahh no wonder I couldn't find anything haha. O loving the title, The Killers. Film noir a la The Big Sleep?
lol I tired of all these threats...lol
Beautiful day in #indy today!
I would love to see Greinke win this game
And Tina's work here is done. <drops mic and exits stage> #Brilliant!
"Making only one thing keeps you incredibly focused, so if you are a perfectionist (as I am), you are bound to come up with a great product"
Not only do I hate Gargamel but I really hate Mondays!!!
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! -Homer Simpson
Watchin' da last episode BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE, though sucks that it's cancelled, least it had one hell of ending. Fit enough 2 please us fans
is Phillip in the final 2?!?!!! :D
You guys have no idea how much we appreciate you. Thank you so much for the support over the past years! Will you marry us?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it
just bought b.o.b's new album!!! its awsume!!!
I'm still wating on that Special someone <3
On the same night Jered Weaver tosses a no-hitter, brother Jeff Weaver answers with a no-employer.
Tweet this.
Good morning Sara. Welcome to Milwaukee!
I have been your fan seen a long time could you please follow me I hope saw the picture I tweet you.
happy birthday ash <33
Key Committee is still a very young band. Any suggestions as to how we can be a better band or who to talk to to get the word out? Thanks!
: random pers. follows me b/c of LWB. She said she was looking for librarians. I hope she isn't disappointed to find a student!
After my morning java, it's time for the Saturday run around. Why can't weekends be relaxing? Can't wait for the teen to start driving. :)
Hah, not a problem. Glad we could help. :)
#PeopleIWouldRawDawg if there were no consequences......
Victory Grill 8pm show 3/16/12 featuring & more hosted by & sponsored by &
Please stop referring to Plumlee brothers as MP1 MP2 and MP3 it's annoying and not funny ESPN #dooksucks!!
Last time I hit up This RW we've got & on the agenda!
incredibly happy you guys got most of your gear back. the lolla set in the rain is an all time favorite, see you in october
I take risks on a daily basis ! And honestly, I love it! Life is going great!
So much flavor packed into locally grown food that just a little olive oil and sprinkle of sea salt is all you need :)
about to perform on ABC!
Since ive been lovin you im about to lose my worried mind
I think it has the same vampire but looks like they redid it how they did the Brady Bunch movie or somethin
Id rather talk on here lol and sure! I can do that :) when does it have to be in by?
“: #MentionTo someone who knows how to make you feel better.” YOU ALWAYS DO!
See uus Live February 11th at the Red Line Tap In Chicago Illinois !!!
ha yea i bet
Boo. It's already taken. I'll have to think up a clever variation.
When will the dissertations page at the EGS website be updated? The latest are from 2008.
If you're catching, I'm pitching (insider)
Just now laying down. -_-
thank YOU for the followback!
Just curious if you like psychological thrillers, The Shining and the like. I like them.
RT“: Filed to ESPN: Matt Flynn has agreed to terms witj Seattle on a 3-yr contract worth up to $26M w/$10M guaranteed.”
haha more than ever! We're gonna play a version of sweet home alabama just for you haha
Thanks for the retweets :)
#notagoodidea. I did it twice.
Ooh, Heard of it before but never checked it out. Just signed up, thanks!
(LIVE) "If you post a problem, you're expressing vulnerability. I need help." Great example re: WOWC gaming space
Follow Sadly, the face that launched above a thousand follows just doesn't have the same ring to it...
"Quit undressing us virtually"
True Dat(: thts an ugly word
being lazy is good for the soul
LOL. Sounds like a #1 seller to me. Glad I could be of assistance to you. ;)
Happy New Year rockstars! Make it count!
On wednesdays we wear pink.
you know anyone who needs this? RT : WORD OF ADVICE: Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Thanks for the thoughts. She hasn't done much with pastels...will challenge her with that!
READY TO GET CRUNKADUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! ON MY WAY!!!!
You might think that you aren't being told anything but we think you'll be surprised if you only stop and listen
duh!!! Attractive like always <3 (;
np, be well..when 's your new album coming out btw?? looking forward to it.. ;)
I want a milk shake.
RT : RT : BE SURE TO BE AT FOUNTAIN SQUARE EVERY SAT THIS SUMMER DUE TO ! WOW!
Don't act like you didn't see this coming.(: Hahah.
thinking about become #justiceteaching volunteer, would love to hear if u r doing it already and how it's going
Hey guys! Who's getting their Italian on at #Subway for lunch? I am! Also, we've got #trivia this afternoon. Hollaaa! Watch for it.
is my diamond doll (:
"We're not just doing it- we are doing it."- Us. #notastagedirection #behindthescenesoneill You heard it here first, ladies and gents.
That was the most amazing email card I've received all year. Hope your holidays will be merry & not too sticky!
maybe Food not Bombs donated the sandwich to her! #freecharlie!
- I think an edcampGR would be awesome. I might even make the trip out west for it. :-)
soon my friend soon
Pistorius getting some attention on the mothership's website.
I'M PASSING ALGEBRA YOU GUYS I'M SO HAPPY
Tobacco or Found Footage Festival ?
"I'm doing leg lifts!!!!"
What? 44 degrees out here? Why did I not see that one coming?
For more info about Panther Shadow Day view Swansons facebook page or call 412-383-HIRE (4473). This is a great opportunity for networking!
He has the benefit of having been up before though.
We may not have the most followers or likes on facebook, but we have enough to make me happy and people that truly support/enjoy us!
DO YOU THINK THE TOMB RAIDER GAME CHARACTER IS HOT ?!?!
Had a dream I was dressed in a gold and feathered costume and head dress. I sat upon the steps of a crack bar, while drinking a brew.
Happy Birthday to Billie Holiday, the female jazz singer worked with Basie & Ellington. Died, 17th July 1959 from liver failure, aged 44.
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her that her vagina is looser than your last girl's, but she's prettier than that bitch. So that's good.
Hooker's a complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
dessert sushi in Nashville tonight??
Ahh yeahh! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at RIO... & at KLUSOZ... at PEPPER.
Thanks for the follow!! Have a great night!!
once gave birth to a 42 oz tbone steak. The afterbirth was sauteed mushrooms
$1.99 for all #domain names .. offers for all services .. #webhosting , #email and
my tax guru just advised me to record expenses towards the prize. Hadn't thought of that.
it is too crazy expensive but I am already here and Noah got accepted to do an MFA in game design at NYU!
I wanna take my daughter to see Disney On Ice.
I know how u feel! I can't sleep at night either for some reason! I'm about to go to bed too! Goodnight!
I need a AT&T ANDROID. ...WHO GOT ONE ?
never been ever!
(While filling a stapler): "This is dangerous."
everytime I see the "MOTHER" promo code, I can't help but think of Arrested Development...
#TeamHeat is LIFE. lol RT : The passion or love y'all have for these teams are crazy !!
Idk what to get my dad for his bday! :|
This that lay back n watch movies weather rite here
Whoa I wish I was as cool as you!
News Tiger Woods hit the ball great Friday en route to a bogey-free 67, but the putts still aren't falling DORAL, Fla. &mdas
Is it in the android market also?
It looks like Funyuns have lots of enthusiastic partisans! Funyuns defeat Munchos! Funyuns: the Ron Paul of snacks.
Java Posse Roundup. Little Java conference I went to a few weeks back.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
damn. We got Bieber Fever alright. We stay talking about him. Lol its kinda sad, but hes worth it :D
“: Can't wait to find out where the Tops are going! #MarchMadness” Greensboro?
Haha well I'm glad it didn't hurt you at least. It sounds terrifying!
alright I'll text you when I get home
not to mention all that highly erotic star trek fan faction you subscribe to.
All safeguards have to be taken to safeguard your self
yer i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Heavy metal drummer
Tune in tomorrow morning for #FengShui Friday on at 9:40am! discusses #fengshui for the #garden!
Confession call-ins seemed like a great idea, especially the dirty ones, til we recognized our mother's voices
haha. yes i was serious. you never know what the network will provide :)
but the Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
#Colts veterans needing ideas for hazing Andrew #Luck: Have him wear a dress for a week and play on loop Sinatra's "Luck be a lady tonight".
You didn't do anything. It's a machine, i.e., about as intelligent as a head of cabbage. No, wait, probably less so.
been in Washington for three days i'm back now
Men congrats happy birthday !!!
Its like that, Bulls out, Lakers Next--->Overhyped
All SU graduated today. Packed Julia up and are now at a Mothers Day brunch. Happy day but hard to believe we are here.
hey Alec - dev of CC here! CC is different; it's for building & sharing lessons/resources. edmdo & schlgy are LMS systems
": If Rangers lose, Josh Hamilton plans to reverse rotation of earth and play game again.". Some days he probably could...
Let's not forget that the Packers are Super Bowl Champions.
Sit yo fat ass down some where dang.
hoped you guys liked my letter :)
man check ur inbox lame
I love how ppl have super personal convos in public places for hrs...like on the amtrak. I'm getting some life coaching!
Yeh, these are my spanking guns and I ain't afraid to use them bitches!!!
Loved your motivating presentation today!
i love my best friend just after all the stuff I here about her dad, I don't wans be around him when he is in one of , his moods.
Oh no no please don't touch me lol
:'-C my face when klaus 'died'
At Christ Church Neighborhood House enjoying dance works choreographed by Silvana Cardell.
Watching American Idol with Viggle Thu | 8PM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Dear Ex Lover, I remember your smile, the way disappointment looked after check out time....
FTD originally stood for Florist Telegraph Delivery.
Go Noles!! Let's get the sweep!!
When people think they're right about EVERYTHING <<<<< Um , get out!
#Music is a must:-) ! Where would we be without it! LISTen!
Thank you! RT : have you met yet? You both need to talk!
slowing down in some ways dealing with PTSD so the psyche needs some time and the body is learning new normal
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.!
please for my 2 lovely daughters pick me :-)
my dog ran away and I can't find him! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Is it wrong u forget girls n when they hit u up u be like who dis again I need stop dat I know they be mad I feel bad bout it
We would love to come to Canada some day soon!
To the ppl who are hating on #marriageequality, I think your religion wants you to practice LOVE not hate.
Let's do it again at the Hudson River Café tonight. Call (917) 567-3803 for comps.
I'm with Michael Jackson singing 'You Can't Win!!!' “: What was your favorite character in #TheWiz?”
I'm at Cathedral Square and then have a 2:00...can we touch base at 3:30?
#Celtics winning G2 without #RajonRondo was key to series, according to Doc Rivers
I am on G + Stan -since the first week or so. Cool stuff there - more prof paced than FB - time will tell - give it a shot!
Now that college football is banned, maybe you all will pay attention to early college basketball.
i've been considering giving most of my estate to Oxfam but i am now leaning toward finding a less elitist charity.any sugestions
sorry to break it to you but I am all out!
Should I tweet a picture when it arrives?
two questions: is gigi blowing flower petals? and are we the only peeps who can see these tweets?
"I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite."
Sitting on the beach its gorgeous here!!
Right or wrong, we will pay more for car loans, mortgages, tuition aid because of the downgrade.
Car wash <U+2714> Car detail <U+2714> Grocery shopping <U+2714> Afternoon run <U+2714> Now what?...
Presented my mentalism lecture tonight at 7pm for the Magic in the Rockies Convention. Well attended. Wonderful group.
Stephen A. Smith should not have been there ganging up on u. It's between u and Skip.
Watching jersey shore!
USA! USA! Congrats US Women on making it to the World Cup Finals!
COS tweeps: will be lecturing at the Pioneer's Museum this Sat., 2-3 p.m., on the Rockefeller Plan at CF&I, 1914-1942.
I guess. I really just dont want to be wined and dined before getting a procto exam.
Recently visited by a celebrity or an important figure? Show it to the world - visitors love to check out places famous people visit.
L#KfMadness: Let the games begin!
Today, packing the office; applying for a job; blogging; sending some emails. That's it! Nothing more!
Yeah, it's scary because I'm not 100% on what I want to do yet really. ;/
you go to dq?
No more cracked screen! :D
follow back?
Upset alert - Auburn leads Kentucky by 2, 11 min to play
get in line!
I definitely like Weeden as a QB, he's third on my list, but I don't know if Browns will go for him.
MYC Education commitee members are attending the public hearing on the budget.
you tell that fucking judgmental asshole lol she is the reason gay marriage is still illegal
hey what are u doing?
Who how and why JLo?..Where is her Fiat?
Couple cute bitches and some bad ones to go.
You earned it, tough guy.
I saw you will be attending the Edelman Aca Summit. Looking forward to meeting you!
No kidding!
lol YES!!! I can
Oh, wow this is awesome!!!!! Should I send the lyrics to the same email? Can you leave your cell in the DM? Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
When something's hard to say you know it need to be said... Let's just say this is hard to say!!
Greener is always good
did I say coke nadda.... did I say tab
Married someone who comes home early to watch champions league but falls asleep during Celtics OT. Problematic?
#HipHopAwards Meek Mill
I just saw the Rockfest KC lineup, is this an actual reflection of popular "rock" music, or does KC have worse taste than I thought?
New modules has been published on GIS Extensions Market.
Hope to see you back! RT Got to check out last night. The Airline Chicken with smoked corn gravy and fried...
that was a low blow
Could you please restock the Down But Not Out Hoodie's because my wardrobe is not complete without one! :)
Without even clicking on the pic, I'm going to say yes. Coleman always shines on VHS.
RT It's So hard for me to sleep without a fan
I will DM Justin and ask him to follow you:)
Sustain the vision and assignment you have been given....
The first gay president, Newsweek?! Ugh
wtf...If I find you a good ticket would you hop on it ??? Cause we all gotta be there for Indy 500!
Breakfast burrito day at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
If you are struggling with something in your life, email your questions to . Get your answers from a therapist.
Man these bitches
The best person= :)
Ben: "My heart is captivated and captured." If that's the kind of dialogue 4 tonight I'm going to need a lot more wine.
Kick off a happy wkend w/ happy hour! User our filters 2 find HH's with food specials, free wifi, outdoor seating, and more! www.gotime.com
oh we ain't 4get bout all u dinero dynasty fans n followers its finna go down drecam!
and Alex who don't have a twitter ....just hopped on these white kids
But there's no room in the trailer for ad-libs about chili dogs.
We have a crossbreeze here....thank goodness...
No wonder APG doesn't have a New Media specialty on that long list of theirs!
yeah for like 5 minutes
lol those were sum gd times
Thank you for the follow! Have a wonderful Saturday :D
<---- Can't handle a long-distance relationship... that's why the fridge is in his room!
Work that out....
studio day!
Guess its better to feel shame than to feel sad bc you cant afford your house or your medical bills or to send your kids to good schools.
recovering from a nasty fall this morning. ouch! everything hurts.
I heard you're talking shit again, I'm gonna sleep with all your friends.
LOL, YES, PLEASE. TELL US THE INFO<3
It makes me happy to read the "pitchers and catchers report to spring training" tweets today. I can't wait for Opening Day!
think your blog is great!
you are preaching now, good word.
if she doesn't learn one that bitch is gonna get cancelled.
"Sparrow? More like Spar-slow" -
Pizza and a sundae tonight from 11 to 12am. Every Friday and Saturday night!
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this .. is no democracy.
In the kitchen working on the Valentine's Day menu. I'm thinking Chocolate Fondue and Strawberries & Cream for new body wash. Suggestions?
Only 1O% of men go to HEAVEN, cause if they all went then it would be hell!
RT : Is changing the air filter the biggest ripoff when you take your car in to get the oil changed? Happens EVERY TIME! LOL
Can't wait till I finally get my hair done ugh it's been too long.
$Discount$ K2 Rant Pro Audio Helmet 2012 | K2 Snowboard Helmets
#Stocks end higher on hopes that the Fed will provide more stimulus. #Dow adds 114 points. #Nasdaq and S&P gain 0.7%
Agreed! RT : NEUROSIS "Souls At Zero" is one of the greatest albums of all time.
; ) Welcome Yall Look Alike
that would be sadie. haha cause were having a bday party for her that night! better see you guys there!!
Hi! What's Up? What r u doing?
WOW!! That looks amazing Mr. Lee!! Did you start the initial sketch with pencil? If so what kind did you use?
Thanks SO MUCH. recving many such notices. trying damage control. This is so annoying but not surprising. have a great day.
That's how we roll.
Best Hitchens obit ive read currently being tweeted by
Yep. RT : ESPN, ESPNEWS and ESPN2 should never all be showing the same thing at the same time
don't worry man. UT will pull this off
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
U can find a friend in me know dat
This Saturday, we're back at the Greenroom in Covington with Waiting for Brantley. Show starts at 10.
You should really watch the gay history channel..you know bravo.
Lol! Me too!
you didn't know that?
I'm done with the games. Gunna off from here,, gnite tweeps! :) -khara
I haven't read this yet, but there is something that strikes me deep and memorably in Artaud. Like my Hedonistic asceticism.
not yet! Haha! Looks like a game-time decision.
I always swore to you I'd never fall apart. You always thought that I was stronger, I may have failed but I have loved you from the start.
So the bet has been made. I will have a full grown beard by the end of round one. Who agrees?
It is gorgeous out there!
Quit your shit.
The Sam Riggs Band has opened for many great Texas legends including Pat Green! SamRiggsBand.com
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
Ballgame over
: "I feel like if Drake wouldn't have came out with The Motto, I wouldn't have done a lot of things in the past few months."
Something about Metallica is excellent for coding concentration...
more power to them guys going to get paid.. but this is why college hoops has lost its luster...
yes, I'm at work
agreed but ive got a good feeling about the next three years
CHRIS! When are you coming back to America to tour with your lads?! ...wait, did I really just say "lads"...
Reason 3: I'm committed to Alpha! My 19 yrs of active service, sharing of it with my oldest son Roderick Jr, etc are proof.
Can I watch with you hmm
My son is in a good Mood today
'Cause I'm half way gone and I'm on my way. And I'm feeling, feeling, feeling this way. Cause I'm half way in, but don't take too long.' <3
Thanks for the great season, looking forward to seeing you play next year!
Im in your hood hommies
Former NYU employee wins racial harassment lawsuit and is awarded $210,000. Now he can afford one year's tuition at NYU.
Yeah That Might Be True But Dont Ever Change For NOBODY :) .
I don't want to be your whole world.. Just your favorite part in it.
How are you today?
“: Good Morning ” goodmornin boo
Week-1 (April 7th) of the 8 Weeks to a Better You program was a big success! Dr. Casbon discussed sabotage & over-eating issues. Great job!
awww! it was litterally the BEST show-night of my life.
#sdmayornp DeMaio going to nonprofits for help. Use channel 24 when council is not in session.
Hi there!
Revolution can not only clean all types of rugs and carpeting, we also clean and service upholstery, air ducts, tile and more.
he's perfect. literally perfect.
Will I get my nerd card revoked if I admit to not really caring about The Avengers?
RT Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.- Robert Louis Stevenson.
hahaha! no groupies for dj nasty... lol at home chillin. and u?
Just pushed at car.
Hey there Girl, JUST WANTED TO SAY YOUR SUPER FABULOUS!=)
Start loving and stop hating. <U+2665>
cute I made rose water cupcakes the other day with butter cream frosting and pearl sprinkles they were delish :)
Americas Food show Miami Beach: tonight cocktail party for Brazilians and US and other buyers on Miami beach, 7-9 p.m. for details
There's a good chance I will be moving out of my parent's house. Finally. After 19 years of bondage, freedom!
I have no fear in my heart for things that I hate.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes lol keep em comin
wuzzup mike. all well?
I won't be going to school tomorrow, but I'll call you sometime tonight for a quicky update. :3
I did start today! It's the one for May on BodyRock. I'm starting over on beginner stuff. Blerg.
I don't want you to go.. but I know you have to.. so I gotta learn to let go..
good one! Lol
Interested in supporting #Autism without having to write a check. Then check out the great suggestions from . All of these...
Soo much for being optimistic
See! You get it!
Thanks , there's nothing we love more than sharing our love of garbage.
Sometimes I hate the radio... Right now isn't one of those times.
that's cool he got alot of followers now! WhY's cal like?
ok bye
We've got a huge announcement headed your way in just about 10 minutes. Stay tuned!
bet that goalie feels kinda dumb now.
Who has a press list we can borrow to send out a GAPF press release?
Always enjoy those Baron Davis flashbacks. At one point the guy was a beast.
Another good run. Working my way up to 5 miles this weekend! I just finished a 2.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!
That what I'm fucking talking about!!!
Spring cleaning against my will
RT DJ tonight No Cover. Drink specials & [spin] tracks 10-2. You have no good excuse not 2 be there
All I had seen was the Star Wars side. i feel a little foolish for missing it. I read Serenity first. Couldn't resist. :)
Good stuff!
Setting up new webpage and had 4 phat shows this weekend. 2 nightclubs and 2 private events
lolz secert vaction to San Antonio, Texas wit me (:
Tons of aggressive Chicagoans out jogging bright & early this AM but, you sir, why are you also juggling?? So weird.
Sat 2/25 Mark Towns Essence (Solo #Flamenco #Jazz #Guitar) at Cork Soakers #Wine Bar 7-10pm
facing new realities everyday, not being able to depend on anything is tough way to live
count sheep...lol
I swear if I fart one more time my underpants are going to melt...
I will be pondering it all, Amy. I think it might be a story in poems. I'm taking lots of notes as well as photos.
I'll be looking around for the hottie in the jock strap.
HES NOT ALLOWED INTO THE FAB 4. THAT'D MAKE IT THE FAB 5 AND THATS SO NOT FETCH
totally welcome
Thanx for playing "Dont leave" on Sunday! Can't wait to get in the studio next Wednesday!
": & good seeing everyone tonight." Good to see you too ...
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I see Meijer cashiers bag bird seed with our groceries.
connect with Nathan Ashton, our producer at
Happy Monday! "Attitude of Excellence" your corporate culture draws or deters success. Stay in the game :-)
Thank you for your posts this week! Youve been awesome!
For you, we'll play it twice
Studio TIME!!! New Freestyle mixtapes coming shortly!!!
Good Night World
Congrats to : You are our random winner for Winefest 2012 on 3/31! Please email us at to claim your prize!
Stay tuned for a Facebook challenge later today...
Man Much Luv! That's Wats Up
my friend bday's May 15th she's biggest fan. Plz rt this and help me get him 2 tweet her.
I have been a coder for about 13 years now. In my opinion time well spent. but I think I am really going to get into video editing!
I keep leaning toward Philly. I think they may have enough toughness and athleticism to pull it off.
I see I've reached 300 followers now. :)
Thanks for the mention!
Edward Munch's The Scream sold for $120 mil at Sotheby's. It will now go on display in the dorm of the world's richest college freshman.
RAY PLease follow back :o)
Thanks for the shoutouts! Our fans are the BEST! :)
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Really, Hickey? Dick in a Box? You're going to hell. Also, I love you....
Need HOT NEW Leads every single day, use *EBAY*!
i'm so akhalkdjfahdhfakjshdfajk SO EXCITED!
Here's to hoping tonight makes up for a not so great day.
Now you like Austin Mahone lol sorry didn't make since
Looking for the perfect place to grab a bite before your night on the town? Check out B for one of our delicious burgers!
People talk living within means but if you spend your $ on the right things, you wouldn't have to live so tight.
I been saving this $$ to be prepared for sum bullshit like this
You beat around the bush, like your scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush!!!
Are you really going to tanger outlet in long island plzzz answer back so i can tell my dad plzzzzzz
I JUST GOT MY VERY OWN BASS BAHSNEHMSWESDJK FINALLY
We think and EggDrop play nice together. Happy selling
We get it, you did a great f'n job fixing the printer at HQ. No reason why 25 people in 15 markets need to know about it. Chrissakes.
Taco pizza! Yummy scrumptious! :D
RIP to Lyn Lusi of Heal Africa. We had the pleasure of spending time with her family in Goma in September.
Relax mode is on right now
you look a canadian business man wanna be rapper. actually, and its actually called FL Studio.
337K with 22 left. Just faded 12 outs on the river with broadway against 2 pair and a flush draw.
I'm a fan I must say. Speaking as a guy who appreciates women of course
Ironic that Colon is on the #Athletics. His physique appears as if he hasn't done anything athletic in 20 years.
So sleepy I wanna stay up during this movie though,,
We hope we can help. Check out our website. We can pair you with the scholarship that you're most likely to win. It's easy.
way to go bama! gilbert did a good job of giving it a shot.
Yeah ....Mavs getting going
thanks Joe!
waiting to hear back. All his fans need to let him know he needs to be there with us. :) see you there!
3 field goals and not one touchdown on the board! Unreal! I knew this game was going to be good! I love college football! #LSU vs
This Saturday's for kids: Explore an exhibition w/ an educator & learn how to make sailors' valentines! $15. RSVP:
I here from many poloticians that we, the U.S., is the greatest country... Is this a brith right, or even still true?
My baby throwing real combo's picture purfect...idk...i might have the next mike tyson out here he go crazy
THE PEOPLE CLOSET TO YOU WILL F*** UP YOUR LIFE...
shall I bring you some coffee? ;)
Feel cool/popular sitting next to from
Hope everyone had a great 4th! Now, back to the grind.
SJ Line Dancers: WHY DON&#39;T YOU CALL lesley clark
hey #fairtrade & #handmade lovers get a pair of guie flats,perfect for this spring! 8 last pairs of this collection help us get rid of them!
Man its funny what this world has turned out to be!! Wow!! If people would just mind their own business
never had a vodka attack...But I have patented the gin attack!
at least its not telemundo
Thanks for the RT!
You're joking, right?
Eating and walking is a talent most people haven't perfected.
We'll be there friday! RT : The official launch of Bar Basque's Terrace is Thursday with Hampton's & Gotham Magazine.
CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW ;) YAAYYY!!! :)
who you talking about ?? LMFAO
Everything in life is actually really simple. Make up your mind and put forth an effort and everything will work out.
Eatin good no ribs showing - E-40
My first commit was accepted to #Saltstack by #opensource rocks. It feels good to contribute!
what if you take your name out of it, so you're paying it forward to the others in the tweet, do I still lose karma?
dosent matter whoever :)
#whydopeoplethink that that #Disney thing is a G or a squiggly line or something like that? Ohh yeah... Because it is.
thanks for the include
In one month: RT : 2.1 million US workers voluntarily left their job in Feb 2012. What are you doing to retain talent?
Only 27 more days of school
In the studio, making magic.
Video shoot going great S/O
Thanks for mention. You would have been the ideal student for that class!
do you see this tweet?
thanks for following, always happy to connect with Richmond writers!
Just booked a role for BET Lens on Talent Film! I shoot next week!!!
if you like bald headed bitches go right ahead... RT : ............. RT ChicagoMadeSean: Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
hahah I was like uh what?! I know I had like 2 hrs of sleep last night, I'm ready now. Way to call me out!
Love taking about Wheel of Time, G.R.R.M, and novels with my library patrons!
is officially done with the third antibiotic in two months. Yay. Now please be enough to not let me get sick again in three weeks please! :)
Vinny Chulk's mom is steaming in the stands right now. "rules say everyone get to play coach!"
wrapping presents.
Who's interested in an urban bike race/scavenger hunt through Montrose & midtown on Sat 4/3? DM me...
Played with a guy tonight who's head was in the book all night, and didn't know tunes. Needless to say he didn't listen & wasn't very good.
that awkward moment when you see a taxi and immediately think your in NYC again.
lmao!! Where you been fool
#nevertrustagirl unless she is going to give you $1 #drinks from #bartab! :) Then you should #love her!
Thanks Alli! It was all ! RT : As usual great event #smcsac crew!
hurry up pls
Signal Hill Continues Its Expansion, Hires Boston-Based Internet and Digital Media Team
thanks for the retweet
i like cream tea and i like reading ghost stories
Friday nights are always the same in this town
Been studying for my music exam for hours and now I can't get the song "tonight" from west side story out of my head
He never once called me out. He just kept showing me systems with higher and higher wattage. It was beautiful.
Great! Congrats for you, and that makes me very happy about the #nlproc future of my alma mater!
": Tired of crying i just wanna smile."
I'll send your comments to Many agree with you.
I CAN'T FIND YOU :(
Doing me
NFL Draft in 31 days! >check inbox for info on main hall stand-up opportunity. Hope you guys can make it!
And merry now, to all.
Seriously over this traffic jam.
Interesting experience at traffic school tonight. It's amazing how much you can grow in just a few hours with an open mind and heart.
RT : If you are lifeworthy, you can take it. Joseph Campbell
This big blog post sounds quite intriguing...
I'm going to be there tomorrow night too. Can't wait!
lol not anymore.
Studying for Latin :/
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac
Small Businesses Progress Daily.....Customer service is the focus. No reason to talk in #tech terms..Break it Down
Democracy: as great as people can be, as fallible as people are. ,talking about his father's reaction to internment, at
I went to ZUMBA! It really was exercise like a party! First workout in a while, first group class and I'm ALIVE!!! Lol
Driving around with the windows down singing at the top of our lungs. Did someone say summer?
hmmhm well I am a fan of cold pizza.. I usually reheat ribs
looking forward to seeing Maki Mori tonight. What a wonderful Kickoff to the #overtures series!
Michelle gives up her Swiss citizenship? Now how in the heck will she get her name in the news?
ok so is orton going to prove tonight he deserves to be starter? 1st half I know, but so far he looks awful. Its not preseason kyle
I'm going to give it a guess and say no good?....lol.
for breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert, snack, whatever whenever. #myfavcarbstoday but now we are off to vinyasa to sweat and get high.
Rodman made the night
Sitting here looking at an infinitive that I absolutely must split.But Econ style book, even though we know the rule is bogus, won't let me
I'm sick of reading/hearing about the #NFL draft
Having a last hurrah brunch at cocotte. Oh so good mary and rabbit hash. [drools]
Off that Amsterdam vodka.......this shit is legit
that makes 2 of us..my family is at a resturant & i passed out on the table!
JIOJGROGERJGOERGG I MISS WATCHING THE BOYZ ON ABDC SO MUCH OMG AKLSJOIJGEORIGJERGG
When did Marv Albert and Steve Kerr start calling college bball games?
ou got no bitches no wonder you feelin yourself
Thanks! And if you are interested in #scifi #cyberpunk you will see links of my stories in the coming days!
If you play Eminem's "My Name Is" backwards, it sounds like an incoherent muddled mess. Whats it all mean?
thank u
to bad I can't be there. But I'm working on coming out after the babys born in feb. or march
exfoliating body wash and rubbing alcohol
If you enjoyed the piece, please comment on it via the comments section on the article site! XO
my head is spinning with the possibilities. Trying to get to the bookstore today. Agile is really interesting. Need to learn more.
Have you ever wished there were two of you-that you could be more productive and profitable without being busier? It's possible.
I guess it's a different beast. LA burritos usually have less rice, for one thing. I'm down. Welcome back!
It's the freakin weekend
Sitting in a high backed chair, stroking a fluffy white cat while I ponder the fate of applicants.
"A great teacher can offer an escape from poverty..." "Teachers matter"
Be Enlightened. A 'stinger' in football is a neuropraxia of a cervical nerve root(s) injury. American Journal of Sports Medicine Aug 2006
Bubba was really talking shit to Tasha & her friend just cuz he couldnt get any play...they wasnt havin that..got in his face he was scared
Callux get a life.
Makes sense. But I think it's also age-restricted. I mean, I think that on no solid evidence.
Lol, let's hope somebody will step into our picture, lol
That moment when you notice that you spent more time in the test than you studied for it.
Maybe if I bang my head on the desk hard enough I'll pass out and have to leave school.
The week is almost a wrap! Hope everyone is having a good one! :)
Pepe being an idiot!
"The less I play, the more it sounds like me! I don't even need to play on my own record!?"
Sjoerd Siebinga speaks about the session he chairs: "Explore and Discover" most promising/interesting session for me
Yall dis mad about a app?
Awww.. miss you all so much! Coming back to visit NYC soon! Will keep ya posted
Thanks for posting the pictures Steve!
I can't wait to see you again :D
Firefighter on tv "I would just completely avoid Plymouth"
Similar to UL's BCS resume : If WVU wins out and LSU wins next week, LSU would be 13-0 with five wins against teams 9-3 or better.
Checkout Total Deathcore they keep the extreme scene going!
you hate me huh?
Planning my #aam2012 experience; the theme seems to be community, technology, and diversity. Very, very excited.
Any heat arguments come tweet me I'll shall win this
On my way to talk to this promotor trying to line up a show at the rocket room in the city
Telling people you're tired when you're really upset or sad.
how you said haha. Good response
Pool day followed by an unknown adventure! Loving the summer already!
Think... I'll Go.... Christmas Shopping Today
price you pay for healthy eating
im a fan of him too///:) it isnt obvious in my username.eh?
Follow my Boobs :DD
PRO TIP: Neurotically checking ur email every 2 minutes makes good news arrive faster, making u more successful!
I'm about to check it out.
hm, I don't know that one. I'll have to check for it. :)
Yvonne Openshaw (Mariludil) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
The brain is like an iceberg-most of us only use the most obvious tip.
DANIEL IS SO RUDE k bye xD lololol
Downtown baby!
Yup, I'm a member and I'm looking forward to being more involved this year. And hopefully meet everyone sometime.
Thanks so much for the good wishes! You're giving me much-needed confidence for the week ahead.
And then, there's...Game Six today at 12:08 (WPXI) when the Pens and Flyers meet again in Philly.
RT 99% of all leadership occurs not from the top but from the middle of an organization...
i guess should just non-wrinkle herself to the shed.
respect for the anthem is long gone. Very sad.
Yeah I miss that kitty :)
The three great essentials to achieving anything worthwhile are; hard work, stick-to-it-iveness, andcommon sense.--Thomas Edison
you guys rock! See you tomorrow!
And Carroll seems to have gotten in based on two games against Chelsea cause he had a bad season too.
Epoxy Coatings Can Bring Life Back to Your Floors. We're like Dr. Frankenstein... but for floors.
Anybody know what happened at Chic Filet #hvl n #hendersonville? Lots of police.
Caroline Levander from Rice University is talking to us today about "Digital Archives, Digital Americas"
Yes. I've posted mixed reviews on Yelp. Yelp contacts businesses and tells them they can pay to remove negative reviews.
no :) I meant I was going to lock you out if it was storming if you don't give me chicken:)
world geo you will not be reciveing the paper you want from me
Read it. Loved it. Still own every issue including multiple #1s. Often think of unloading them for cash.
What's you're number 1 best advice to writers coming to pitchfest?
I know, it's rough stuff. Thanks for putting up with it.
Obsessed with abc family movies<3
these little ass boys playing football woke me up ..
heh, never bet on any defending champs, they never do well...
When someones insult to you is "you might be smart but that won't get you anywhere in life" ..an theyre completely serious > lmao dumb broad
#civilwar quote of day. Chesnut. 'got my carte de vista .. mine like a washer woman'
“: I'd like to see younger pictures of Holly Rowe. It's hard to see her ever being cute.” she looked like a
Woke up to Starships again on vh1.
Like Mark Twain said, "Never let school get in the way of a good education.". :)
"He himself is the sacrifice that atones for our sins—and not only our sins but the sins of all the world." - 1John 2:2 (NLT)
thats what i hear. i'm happy for you and tyler!!! i'll be coming back on april 21!! yay!!
love this one.
Hahaha to bad I dont work there ...RT : “: I bet you want tht mangosteen” lol I really do!!!
It's 12:36 here in LA. I still haven't went to sleep. I'm going to go to sleep now. Have rehersals and practice tomorrow. Love you xxoo AxL
Ha, I know how that is. You've gotten into a good habit.
Everyone needs to tweet #bieber4potter and help a three year old with cancer meet
I know right? I love it! !
#winning RT : Talk Derby to me.....and I'll have another!
Ready for a day of learning at #nlld with and lots of librarians from all over the US
regardless, there is nothing wrong with letting our sales reps know we appreciate them and they do a great job.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page now
Everyone's kicking it in this morning! Personal training, pumping iron, kettle bells, body Rock Bootcamp.-we rock!
Prana is Dead Or Famous. Dead Or Famous is Prana.
you got the wrong number
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay There are five lights
You realize that posting it online is still running it, right?
Everyday is a new beginning, if you need one.
i hope you had a great day too
and are shaking every ass in this place
Holy Mother, it's a gorgeous night tonight.
If the Matrix taught me anything, its that guns can solve all problems, even a bad internet connection.
What do your random bursts of creativity lead to.?
This game proved Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
Ghouls= Gross Hermits Out Unearthing Leftover Spareparts
figure he felt he couldn't let Toots play because he needed scorers on ice. second guessing I would have played toots 12ish mi
Haha, I misread the hashtag for a hot second. ;)
yep, that's me.
I'm Back!
very excited for you two! Are you going on a honeymoon immediately after the wedding?
#3 if u could only met one boy who would it be?
Can anyone suggest some good reading on PTSD? I'm looking to sharpen my knowledge for our
Thanks Scott! Ill put it on my calendar!
sounds great. I will drop you an email right now.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
give me head , till i'm dead !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
We think a team from Kentucky will win this first #finalfour game. Call us a genius. Call us Dionne Warwick. Call us awesome.
Hey if you tweeps if you get a chance youtube a video called "what should i do" it is a spoof about Brett Favre
Absolutly not! I'm glad we've connected!
I randomly sit and play with my titties.. idk why ?? 0_o
Idfk how their parents do it. Thats probably why their always at my damn house lol
really? :( : R.I.P to 16 year old who died in a car crash last night after prom on her way to an after party
Thank you Cathy, Cesare and staff on a wonderful meal/service. Wish you all the best for years to come!
I'll save it for ya
Thanks! What did you have?
Drove to FIU for nothing.. oh well.
Good morning #Uppers Sorry, I'm late.
We shall never forget. We shall keep this day, we shall keep the events and the tears in our minds, our memory and our hearts and take the..
Resist! Doughnuts, cake, and cookies are/were my faves. I believe Conspire coffee shop (in PHX) has #vegan doughnuts
oh nothing. just gettin my tweet on.
Religious May-hem « The Lady Expounds
Rubio was showcased more nationally. I heard his name more on ESPN/TNT
Great to have you listening! Thank you for your support!
Baaaaah to u
Come-on Pacers, we got this game. Come out swinging and knock these Walt Disney World Warriors back into the swamp they came out of.
I know it's a culture that is old and steeped in history, and that shone out tonight.
Very true. Was thinking about Mark Prior earlier. Great rookie season...but they're just never the same after a labrum tear.
hey miranda you can follow me please !!!
What a day, what a day. Ups. Downs Summer 12. Is here. Let's get it.
aww you're no fun :)
Thanks! I'm happy to answer any Q's you may have. Even discuss getting the City of Columbus set up w/ Daily Challenge (free).
I know!! Any time I notice someone unfollowed me. I look at Ricky. Wellington..Troy and Dave Days first. Lol.
There are people in this world who will purposely try to prey on your weakness. Don't engage in their games. Let them out-talk themselves.
"How can you not be romantic about baseball?" Moneyball was a good movie! Now, goodnight moon
can someone tell me what RT means?
need help. can someone please recommend a good online project management tool? thnx!
Yeah JJ. Let's do this !! Bring the bats:)
lol we can't win. Apparently I look like everybody with Dreads.
he loves you calm down
Without faith a man can do nothing; with it all things are possible.
: How much of the key code to I need to verify for a beetle manufactured 3/1970? Would K040 be enough info to order a key?
Today, we are thankful for our country's brave veterans. Thank you for your service!
Family dinner
the BBTF Xmas tree arrives today! We can't wait to decorate it :)
hey sexy! I'm fine. Just acting. Whats new?
I went to State when Jeff Malone battled Phi Slama Jamma
Loving you is like Food to my soul.
and are worse than girls.
is super nice!! It would be cute if her and austin dated, but sadly they dont.. Yet;). Your so pretty and nice!! Follow me?!:))
Bare Bowls will be at the Menil Bookstore parking lot tomorrow( noon-2PM) for lunch introducing their new Byzantine bowl till they run out.
RT : Real riches are creativity, passion, friendship and communication; artists are the richest people around.
Love it! So glad we never faced any real interference from the AU admin back in the day.
that's awesome! Thanks for sharing.... Now get back to exercising! ;-) lol
actually the vast majority voted for Hamas. Many also danced in the streets on 9-11. I believe that they are brainwashed & ill
I wanna see bin laden's notarized death certificate
don't have enough characters, even with Twitlonger, to tell u how messed up that is! 2 yrs I've tried to get u there!
Thank you Lord for another year alive and free with my family what more can I ask for
Content is King.
if I was out there I would maybe be your friend
You were too good to be true :L sigh
Gotta get some rest - I have to sing early in the morning... it's my final song on the album... u can follow my album updates
So Phil says six more weeks of winter. If the weather stays like this, how will we tell the difference when Spring hits?
After playing on your site, we agree that you've got a good team over there. Looks delicious! (the sushi, not the people)
Austin ; DA FUQ IS A PINK DOLPHIN BRO!?
Hope you have a great birthday,
any news on Kevin Smith for the Lions ankle? his status for this weekend?
Any of you out there who can help me with advice and get my son to stop chasing girls and my daughter off party mode..will b apprecaited
It's Wednesday night. What am I going to do? I should probably start with eating dinner...
R.I.P Adam Yauch, fight for the right to party upstairs for us man
Can't wait to have a day to ourselves tomorrow
not good. Not happy.
OPENLY gay staffers.
Register for The Premier Vocal Coaches free vocal seminar Sat Feb 18 register by emailing and get more info
Munoz....of course!
If the cab driver said that about any one else I would be worried. But knowing it was Jim fucking lahey himself doesn't surprise me.
Wonderful news & now you have a friend here to welcome you=)
How was the show?!
Mavs get the win 90-81 over Rockets. Is this team able to really make a run...again?
Those certain tweeters you catch yourself favoriting everything they tweet because they make you lol
Yes! RT : Only imperfection is intolerant and impatient with imperfection
oh okay
oh god:') did you do orienteering in blakey with the old guys :')?
I had midget dreams
been in the city since 9am gonna have dinner with a friend later
The sky looks like it has the aliens from The Darkest Hour! O_o
Does someone know how calls her fanbase? <3 :)
See Alex's tweet. See Whitney's tweet. Now let's all be friends again.
Taste something new: Haupia Macchiato at Spro in Hamden. Macchiato with half'n'half and coconut milk. Decadent.
a) I need to see the fam before they leave... b) we're all going out tonight! You better come out!
Thanks for the #FF love!
LaHood praising #Indy Cultural Trail and community leadership.
Just want to cry
lol yeee ;) I wish he could see your tweet and do it, i mean follow us back ;)
If the cards fall the way I hope, this will be the LAST St. Patrick's Day I have to deal with AB. "May the odds be EVER in MY favor..."
A heart has a Door allowing PPL to come in or out..it also has windows..to look out so you won't open the door for anybody.Let some knock.
Renewed Calls For End to Animal Testing The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), Humane Society International (HSI) and LUSH Cosme
that's wazzzup. I just checked it and I'm excited now! haha
"and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered." - Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows
To those already awake : text me to keep me AWAKE! Sunday shift sucks >.<
Fanny Pak , please stay!
stop yo studying!
So you carry your contacts around with you?
dang had ta do me like dat lol
Artists - would you like to become my friend on Facebook? Use my email address
only 2ish more years till i can leave for good.... thats nowhere near soon enough.
#MensReproductiveRights you have a right to inform yourself on birth control options, and utilize them with your partner
yum chicken teriyaki. wish was with me lol
glad that we are on the same page, plus not physically appealing to look at
Tonight ! Jonathan D. Moreno (Body Politic & Mind Wars) and Jonathan Haidt (Righteous Mind) talk to
Ug..Out of coffee, it's gonna be a long ride to work :(
Our new and first book as a publishing company is out on Amazon as an ebook: A Lean Marketing Revolution by
Is it bad that I keep watching the #DarkKnightRises trailer over and over?
Chilling with my best friend :)
Oh really? Go die slut! :)
President is going to be speaking shortly on gay marriage issue...will be announcing that he sold state of NC to Iran on Ebay...
you're 2 legit. (am I dating myself with that one?)
ha, that may make its way to the cabin. Or my shoulder
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.
There's a reviewer on Amazon who goes by Leicester Bangs, which made me laugh.
I wouldn't post a statement like this on Twitter if ya know what I mean lol
you still awake? Lol
Stop by the Del Mar Doubletree tomorrow for Revive Happy Hour, including chair massage and hand treatments. Visit us from 4:30-7pm.
Never go on TV with kids or dogs, right?
Not to beat the dead horse of flopping but these #RedSawx are like the Portuguese Nat'l soccer team. Yes, they are making us look like Euros
RIP WHITNEY
New special! The Fungus Among Us: Beef, grilled cremini, button & portobello mushrooms, grilled red onions, provolone, horseradish, fries.
A spiritual awakening is an Altered Attitude.
ah at least I was the first to put like literally 8,000 likes as a comment on their status (y)
yes, it is good to be warming up, but it seems we go through this every year - soon it will be too warm...
let me knwo dude, I could have it in your hands within 24 hours. :)
I'm loving new single #heartbeat! Just in time for #BeautyExpert #Valentine's Day
Don't miss our Foreign Film Festival, first up-Potiche, a French film (2010), shown on Monday October 3rd at 2 & 7:30PM at Metuchen Library
In Arizona :)
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit
oh I was there and I was like I think this is the theater Austin mahone was at and my friend told me to be quiet about him
Who's in Newport RI tonight? Come see me at Gas Lamp Grille on Thames 10-1am. I'll be DJing a special Valentines party!
Turning hot this afternoon. HIGH: 87 City, 90 inland. PM sea-breeze kicks-in giving coastal areas relief. Sunny tomorrow. HIGH: 77
adderall day of. BOOM instant success. or some milk and cookies if you want to play it safe
I hate when even my own family doesn't believe me..
Haha. I already finished book one. I just do the little wizard duel things and potions. Haha.
Good news out today, including the lower unemployment rate in Broward County, South Florida, and the State of Florida. Keep it coming!
Yawn. Argh. Starbucks.
An afternoon @ American Cancer Society's Hope Lodge/NYC can change your life. Great support for people with cancer.
my ex was a girl xD
hahaha u still want him to come over
Ooh, can I come? RT Abortion debate day in sociology class.
I noticed u take a special interest in SF food truck scene (saw your 7x7 post). Have a project I'm working on u might like
I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from Nashville, Tennessee. The heart of SEC country. Trying to clean up to welcome #MizzouNation!
11 months today with an amazing man :)
Commission to reconvene for business meeting at 6pm.
The June cover story is being laid out now in ; excited to see the finished product. Also wellness sidebar
oh I been running revival at a few local churches. How u?
watching the tip drill video #tittieseverywhere lmao
It's hot AF! Ima get dark && I want to b in a pool and I want ice cream >.<
You guys hear about Mitt Romney? He likes to go running with President Obama
You guys rule!!! \m/. Check my band out www.reverbnation.com/kinetik. Cheers dudes!!!
Trimed crepmurdle, Planted 4 blueberry,5 sweet potatoes trimed rose bushes, A great day for yard work.
Whoops typo in my tweet *should
NJ heads home after an exciting and inspiring SLC. So great to hear what all our state leaders are doing. It gets better every year!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Cannot wait to see you in 'cuse.
Sandusky is writing a followup titled "how to get raped in prison for dummies"..thought i was going to go with a one word title didn't ya?
Congrats for the job. I have a feeling #2012 will be a breakthrough year for a lot of content
Google says it will build 2nd data center in Iowa
hey where are you these days?
Ugly Personalities Destroy Pretty Girls
Gonna meet up with and later tonight for the scarface show.
Oh, u care now?
No.. Higher taxes wont stop us addicts. Will pay what it takes to get our fix.
Oh my God I just cried for a straight hour watching last night's episode!!! You are good.
Give them to me instead. That'll teach 'em.
McCartney must of gotten Joe Walsh the good seats! That's three close-ups of Paul in the first five minutes.
My Super Beers so far: Leinenkugel's Creamy Dark, Lakefront East Side Dark, Dixie Blackened Voodoo. Oh, yeah.
Today Eric Bennett from Bennetts Performance installed Bike Sentry on my bike and became a sponsor of the "Road to Sturgis" ride! Yeahh
You will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last.
you are welcome :D
Just made a realization. I write email faster on my iPhone than my laptop.
The wealthy will never regret their actions so long as it keeps them comfortable, there is no forethought or hindsight.
Happy October! A great month for cats and crime novels! www.cozycatpress.com
#CbusMarathon - I just started the Nationwide Better Health Columbus Marathon.
#RIP Dick Clark, new years eve celebration will never be the same with out him. Will be missed
Didn't know I could schedule a Tweet until today. Can I use as alarm clock?
not being able to open multiple tabs on lionshare actually caused me quite a bit of stress today
Good Morning i cant believe im up lol i so need coffee....
thanks! It feels great helping professional people reach personal goals
my mom use to have me greasy as hell. My clothes use to stick to me like crazy.
Worst sound to wake up to, a shovel removing snow you knew nothing about. Bleh
Thanks for sharing your creative process & in-house toolkit to design the new logo. It enlightened our audience!
Well, just found out the dad of my friend's friend owns Digital Storm. How about that?
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X45
Many of these babies be frontin'.
It's finally here!
I remember that Pence roll-over.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
we all have that point with our creative activities the biggest thing is powering though it
I think it depends on what the product is too. Buying a car of an ad seems silly.
Just thought of an interesting way to measure the impact of various library outreach measures on student IL skills. Won't be easy to do!
"Get more head than shampoo" -NM
I know exactly what you mean.
Gosh I want to blaze it but I can't (darn).
Should be 'and' of course, with a vastly different emphasis. It's about data, not what we've come to understand as 'cataloging'
keep your head up bro! This too shall pass. If you were a Republican, they would probably nominate you for Congress.
Getting excited to head to #SanAntonio #TX today for graduation this weekend!!
not even close!!
is the streetball legend around here if yall didnt know twitter world!
Chan Ho to Pittsburg? Really? Get with it Ruben.
.. I'm pretty damn good.. how about you?
is going to sleep (where life comes to dreams), then to awaken (where dreams come to life)...
HoeLies# 19: It's not a push-up bra.
Looking forward to tonights social media workshop!
Can't wait! RT : A very exciting sale is going live tomorrow on and I are super excited!
goal was not to offend you. If you are still looking for a recruiter to assist you I would be interest in helping you.
I'm so freakin tired right now & I hate people. Go somewhere else besides Applebee's. Thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Don't forget to vote today!!!
you said it!
Look for us and on tom. morning at 7:30 for a peek at French fashion, floral, food and cocktails!
We love to share our clients accomplishments! Tag us on twitter and we'll gladly spread the word. ()
Average household business-to-consumer e-commerce in North America is expected to break the $1,000 mark some time this year, per GroupM.
hola mi amor welcome to tweeter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I really don't tweet a lot.
Thanks for the RTs!
Don't worry, you're a very smart breed & you'll get the hang of it. We'll ignore the typos.
fascinating read; i hadn't picked up on either the academic or pedagogical practices before
skyline from the Bay sign me follows
What are I doing? I don't know what I are doing.
williams #WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect!
thank you!
Intellectual Property: Explosive Growth Potential But Can You Play The Game? - Seeking Alpha
Tip #173: The fastest way to get better is to play heads up.
Happy Birthday! But what is the other choice re momentousness?
It feels so good to not have anything to worry about, or due. Chillllllinnn' <U+263A> I love naps, thunderstorms, and Cupcake Wars. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I am very happy because I have new followers. Thanks!<U+2665>
Oops, here's the link to fix your shin splints!
is that a hybrid?
Happy Friday from Upfront Consultants :)
LOVE You!
really enjoyed your presentation!
Who Run The World ~Beyonce ROCK !
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest" -Matthew 11:28
thanks! We will! You have a fantastic night as well!!
happy bday bro
I feel refreshed!!!
70's Mitchum is always worth watching. Thanks for the heads up! Have never seen this one.
Nice to see you too!
Where are you heading?
is an Irish happy hour for Young Professionals, hosted at on Thursday night!
I hope that's not the case!
thanks for giving us a face to put with that great look!
your welcome:)
Whos coming to secret gentlemens club tonight to staple $$$ to me?
I'm hoping Inmar announcement will bring some more IT talent to the Triad area. (and drive up some salaries)
*2 seasons. No offense, I'd hate to be in your shoes
The madness continues. Mens a, mens adv, and both womens' schedules are up! Good luck!!!
Im taking to Sam on Kik, text, instagram, and twitter SHH SAM PICK ONE
NYC w/Ferrazzi's "Never Eat Alone" book and 2 diff people asked me if it was any good, so of course I said its a must read!
Beats are almost done. Gonna record very soon.
thanks for the recs! Just finished Hunger Games. I'll check out the others!
Heard a white guy say, "brotha from anotha motha" today and now I want to hide forever.
your guys' dog is a little rascal lol
The secret of wining in the game of life is increasing our focus on our vision for our self and our life.
That's awesome!!!! You lucky girl! Glad u had a great time!
If you would like to join an entrepreneurial group of marketers committed to promoting integrity driven opportunities, then subscribe...
Real situations expose fake people.
Happy Easter! <U+E32E><U+E327>
OMG! dead. I'll always remember my first 7th grade dance with a boy to your music :(
Mockingjay sitting on my desk at work. How much trouble do you think I'll get in if I just bust it open?...
"A judge issued an injunction against Verizon last week ordering the company to cease and desist the unlawful use of intellectual property …
I SWEAR EVERY FEW MONTHS MY PHONE IS LITERALLY OUT OF ORDER.. >.< IM OVER IT!! NO LUCK WITH PHONES -_-
": join & lets get marijuana legalized! #OperationLegalizeWeed"
Expression through stories and songs.
Nick you can be my baby daddy.. No? okay..
I tried to answer this question, but there's only one way to do it within the limits of 140 characters... "Sometimes."
Curious to hear what you find. Actually wrote a paper a few years ago on the topic because of high Latin@ youth numbers.
Are you a #NEOhio college student? Follow for the latest news & info impacting you.
RT : Wednesday's #CHIchat topic is "St. Patty's Day, CHIrish Style" - hope to see you all at 11am!
I CAN'T BELIEV IT JOEL IS FOLLOWING ME, I LOVE U BABE ;)
I ain't to proud to tell you that I cry sometimes....
She got your card and thought it was so sweet. Thanks, woman!!
and one of these old fucks cant hear well so i gotta yell at her n order for her to hear me... ima take her position ..
“The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.” Ernest Hemingway
Yuling Pan "Politeness in Historical and Contemporary Chinese", Tomorrow, 10/22, 11:00 AM, Brooks Hall 2nd Floor Lecture room
RT Spring 2012 Board of Directors Meeting minutes now posted in Members Only section of
How's that loaf of ... banana? :(
Dawes is omnipresent. You know this.
don't worry about the number since it always fluctuates. Use measuring tape and take your measurements, it's more accurate
Today's gunna suck..
I have a freaking migrane.
True story: "I can't get my car out of the parking area because I think one of my neighbors put glue in the lock on our gate and it won't...
School has made me unable to sleep in anymore
adapt...or jump in the with all your clothes.
I told them that "smart" is a matter of degrees.
idk, I'm not good with older movies. And they laugh cause you're not skilled at that game? Do you laugh with them though?
Foster the People radio on Pandora is on point this morning.
Basketball gods don't want anyone to be the heat
Survived my Tuesday morning. Now....on to living life on all levels!
Who is #BigJoYo.. The world may never know.
Adams: Disability ratings for physical ailments are more consistent than for mental ailments
Which is for overweight guys playing softball in 100 degree heat? I see "perform" and "recover" but no "survive"
Thanks! Any not-to-miss activities you recommend? Kind of seems like everything is gorgeous and not to be missed!
Hi! New vegan for health/weight loss. It's not always easy. And I don't tweet about my awesome vegan dinners. ;)
I know it's crazy/but it's true Caught between the moon & NYC?
do I know u from somewhere?!
Back at work after vacation to find one hang-up voicemail and a dead plant.
I had fun today on the panel with you all! Thx!
Tune into ESPN 2 to see the last remaining American, John Isner, try and battle his way back in the 3rd round down under.
I think it's time to have an AccountCenter App in Android. Google is taking over!
I'll keep lookout for them..
Missed collision by a hair yesterday. Very glad that I have Emergency instructions posted at home by my front door.
I'll be in 137. In line to spin the wheel now!
lol I'm not chill I'm dumb wild n I be going crazy 4 nuttin I'm weird but I guess :P hahah k
RT : Sex after a blunt >>>>>>It iis AMAZING!
Looking for a way to promote your MMA business or perhaps even yourself as a fighter or fan? Look no further! http://.mmafreeagent.com/
I've never put homeade #coconutoil on my skin before. Leave it to my mothers side of the family to know how to make that from scratch!
what u might not know is that I'm finishing up "THE PAKAGE VOL.2" as we speak and I might need some heat from u
Knowledge & reason are needed to rule the day each & every day in a sane world. And these are required for the survival of humanity itself.
welcome to twitter!
gildas illien: courts have difficulty authenticating electronic evidence; rely on provider reputation to evaluate
Don't tell me to do something, & then get mad when I do.
because the song is awesome!!
She jus told me im not the marryin type...well damn
Lots of Almodovar titles work: All About My Titties, The Titties I Live In, Titties On the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown.
I am a Jr fan. I hope the BW bike is preserved like a fine classic and left as is. My 2¢; no idea what he's planning.
Hm. I think you are flirting with me. Go ahead. Do it some more. Meow.
Normal Flirting: "Hey baby ;) what's up" Me Flirting: "Your face, I like that shit"
That awkward moment when you fall down the stairs, & you just sit there laughing at yourself but your in pain.
my phone text is just as bad as twitter. Sometimes I have more to say that 140 letters.
Meteor shower!
I am what some would refer to as an 'insomniac' - Jack
I was thinking Dave genzmer...but that would be wrong too
so do we! Thanks for you help and support.
Join us this Thursday, 3/17, for the talk on Civil Rights, Women's Rights, and Human Rights at Culbreth theatre from 6 to 7:15 p.m.!
Don't you hate when you buy packaged air, and there are chips inside? Pisses me off!!! $1 Goose, Patron & Jaager before 11p. 3 bottles ...
look up bands named guys underground dawn of odessa and amigos that will lead you to the huge music movement here
Free throws Lehigh. Come on.
it's just rude. for me it's like, "You know what? I'm busy too. Respect me enough to get back to me, at least."
I wonder if has one you could borrow?
On my way to support my brother in Christ Stephen Murphy, he lost his grandmother recently...stay strong bro.
listening to preach his first message from Grey Matter series. AWESOME!
haha I hope!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST FRIEND/SISTER EVER ! Love you and misses you! (:
Finishing a book tonight by Jonah Lehrer called Imagine: How Creativity Works. Highly recommended read, when you get a chance
How many people have seen 's ass?
“: “: LMAO what are you doing!?” I'm creating a movement. Wyd?” lmao!! Haha
That's it! Thanks! :) - Jess
WOW! It was really really good!
Today isn't helpin my farmer's tan
: Byron, we met when you were in Philadelphia for PABJ. I will keep you and family in my prays!
thinking bout joining enviromental club and yearbook club, drama club in my freshman year
My mom went to Everest, i live right by it ;D
Life was never easy, times were never simple. We are only more aware of the fragility of our world today, and that is the burden of wisdom.
how does that work?
Come on! Jed NEEDS to deal. This team is simply not good. Some say, it SUCKS!! What do fans look forward to with current roster?
Good thing I don't use any pressure when I'm playing! #badHabits twitpic.com/85c4ih
Good Morning everyone! Happy Wednesday!!
more than what ?
I'm feeling so bad for this lady who's trying to groom Dash's face. Smh ohh gosh he is the most stubborn wiggly dog ever. Do you tip them?
alright i will but im sure we'll have fun
We're at #DigitalHollywood this week - ping us if you would like to say hi!
read it. Good article. Another point for VCs is making good presentations. People w accent or 'funny' looks won't make it through.
Can you practice your harmonica part of Steamroller Blues for this Thursday please? And save it for a birthday duet? :)
probably going to freak out for the next few hours.
“: Chillen w/ & !” thanks for the invite chris, feeling duh luv. jk.
Yep. How's your day going?
Can't get the energy going today..
New Single "Bad Decisions" out on iTunes May 22nd!!!
It is da bomb! Thanks for the RT, sis! AND for the iPod :D
account hacked today, I changed my password, hopefully all's good. Sorry!
Quick! One or two, PICK NOW!!!
they dont make any that dont run out LOL Even a lasaer printer will run out of it toner. My mom has a $2,000 laser printer.
Impressive streak. What prompted you to end it?
Just saw an ep of #ToddlersAndTiaras w/ the "America's Trezured Dollz" pageant. Didn't realize strip clubs had a farm system.
too late!
The more work I get, the more I want. Keep it coming...
Having a hard time finding the motivation to watch Tree of Life and it's holding up the flow of my Netflix queue.
Hell yeah...we're doing a Derby game too! Let the party begin!!
how r u?
and then there's that. :)
Im Waiting For My Doctor Lol & ok
« « Life is 10% what happens to you & 90% how you handle it.»»
These niggas on The Vampire Diaries NEVER go to class...
Yes, it's a big change since when I was there. Very exciting!
That's my favorite song of all time!!
good morning(:
submitted room change requests will begin to be reviewed in early February.
My mom said yes... unfortunately it got sold out..
Caffeine, frequently, in small cups works for me<U+263A>
first one, Sophia Rossi .
Hooray for Professional Development Day with NYCMER at the The New York Public Library!!
thanks for the heads up, I will def post this today.
man i love omegle.
Less cupcake, more Sandy---let's see how this goes.
Broncs march into John Foxborough and walk out with another W. What time do Ravens-Broncos play next week?
Getting ready to announce our Friday Dec 10th Film Forum, mark your calendars as you heard it here first!
The largest bird is an ostrich (and we have never seen one at our feeders). :-)
in some people's case, both! We miss you guys.
I love
Am I The Only One Who Play Widd The String That Hang Down From The Attic.?
omg his little pelvic thrust unf
Bad thing about getting good head...after you get it, your going to want it every time..more and more
event included the importance of using Twitter for promotion, and - going to try to use Twitter more! :-)
S/O to for graduating! Your education is important! Much love bro and congrats on the new single to your moms! :)
invited to the white house one night. Arrested the next.
I love baby sitting!
he told the hawkeyes I'm too good for you. Smart man
Long weekend ahead, BUT I'm excited!!! >_<
Great Chorizo Burgers.... With
people always think i woke up like 5 minutes ago
Express Great cardmember/in-flight promo!
It's so frustrating when producers never bother to check the proper pronunciation of place names!
How's a small business to compete with negative tax rates for big business. How can republican's justify their tax brakes as free market?
Finally got iPhone 4. Turns out I can't walk to the Belvedere Hotel from here. Thanks for nothing, Siri.
Happy New Year everyone! Have a very safe New Year's Eve!
that was stupid!
arrest me please!
Fuckin hate cats
In both Jazz Society and Normal Society.
AMAZING! I say we work on that together real soon!
Its not rocket science!
Had lunch at today. Definitely hit their groove--love the Sloppy Joes!
Watching where the wild things are.
Just found out today that I don't work on Saturday-- I'll be able to watch iLMM with the rest of the Hawaii fans (3 hours behind West coast)
#sem2011 David McDonald on Israeli and Palestinian hip hop. Detroit appeared three times including
THE IN MOTION STAFF WOULD LIKE TO GIVE A SPECIAL THANKS TO ALL OUR VOLUNTEERS!! YOU MADE OUR SHOW A SUCCESS!!! <3 <3 <3
AMAZING first week of dance class! Can not wait for the rest of the season!
Thanks, for the share..beautiful photo of VR..
According to Manchester City FC, Monday's Manchester derby against United broke viewership records in both the US and UK.
The Klondike Choco Taco looks pretty good
nice..yo momma jokes of the 21st century.."Yo momma's so fat, she tried tweeting and exhausted the 140 after first keystroke."
I love you Justin well always #support <33 cuz we love you please tweet me back<33 love you forever&ever <3
OK tampa I see you. Lets party.
Cloudy w/ intermittent rain in Madison, WI. No chance to see Aourara Borealis at this latitude.
RT : "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter." Martin Luther King True, then &
2 more hours of The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB!!! Just for you!
love the new look!
a.k.a last night at the bar
:O I wanna go to Nando's! How bout one day, I'll fly over there, and we'll go..?! :P x
< the more areas open up with pain. Like further down in my forearm where I didnt think there was any wounds.
I'm still not mentally prepared that I'll be seeing Megadeth live tomorrow night at The National.
RT Read a newspaper, in print or online, every day.
took me a few reads, but I just got your
Getting on the N train, heading out to see a shipwreck.
no its a goverment test and its 25% of our grade
Why the hell would they have Dog Tv ?
The elder gentleman took the cry so ill, that he watchedhis opportunity, and smote the young gentleman on the ear
I retweeted the link
Thanks Brian, we'll definitely let Michelle know :)
(bryan) Really impressed with how shows the tangible 1-to-1 effects of even small donations. Shows the connected future of charity.
4 Ways to Get Your Business Found by Local Searchers
It's 12:03 am RT : This game started yesterday.
A date is intimate, a double date is fun, a triple date is "couples night"...and any more than that is pretty much an orgy.
lol crazy but ill holla when i can or next time i see u tweetin muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
my bf is in new york. my is en route to vegas. i'm off work in 15 minutes, going to craft/drink alone.
Tiger wins his 7th PGA tourney a Bay Hill!
finally found you
Miss you, too, TK.
Eisenach: "retrans just property right"? Do other property owners get mandated carriage? channels numbers? tier placement?
What's a good phone to get? Preferably not a smart phone??
We are interested in working with you. What sort of design were you looking for?
nah he's in the clear for that :)
Those first innings outs were hit so hard. I knew this was coming.
HAHA so true..
Finally getting out of this hell hole and back to the real world. i love camping, just not with my family.
great ribs, great support at Pacers in Euclid. Thanks Bob for hosting a friends and family fundraiser tonight.
Be part of the 5000 this Sunday!
I did NOT see that coming. RT : Wow. Yahoo! reporting have 5 year 32 mil deal with drew gooden. Hammond strikes again folks!
oh well. ya never know. maybe make a day of it.
My mom is making me go to mother and daughter tea tomorrow at church. How in the world are we supposed to bond over tea?!
is on my tv...Everything's gonna be ok after all :-)
Funny, me too. Loved p.62 story where jumped on a cafeteria table at Chi Seminary to rally classmates for Selma.
If your guided by other people's thoughts, then what is the point of having your own?
OMG! Wanna have a jshore marathon?!
And I don't have an acceptance speech prepared...
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
damn I can't remember lol
"Dr. Brummond's office. How can I help you?" "um Willow put a ROCK in her ear & it's stuck. I don't know what to do"
I still watch Shin Chan and hurt myself laughing but still, I'm growing up...ok I'm putting it down for real now
the $ really makes it legit.
The Easter bunny brought me the Steve Jobs biography and a meat thermometer. I love my mom.
Read all my tweets. You'll love all the beautiful babes. Love their boobs. Sexy videos and galleries.
Welcome to the 21st Century NY! Who's next?!
Where is the wind blowing you, sir? Better go out with a bang.
Sorry bout the Alfa. I remember you blowin' past me on the Bay Bridge in that thing w the top down. you were lovin it!
Fingers crossed! ;)
Where is Ms. Johnson at?!
#Huskies on a 31-12 run in the second half. What a difference.
I don't think I'll be trying an S-Bend anytime soon lol that trick looks insane!
With the chilly Colorado weather, it's fitting that tickets go onsale tomorrow for Warren Miller's Like There's No Tomorrow Tour Nov 16-20!
i actually ordered one an a chicken biscuit!
. computer modeled energy efficiency in the design phase back in the 90s #MNEarthDay #HowCoolIsThat next? Waste heat capture
#YouKnowShesTheOne when you go to a movie after dinner with her and she doesn't have to have the Jumbo Popcorn because she's still hungry.
My favorite tweetie pie friends make me laugh on weekends. I guess that means there's life after work
That was a nice surprise
Heading to land shark stadium for the Barcelona match!!
its so funny when people say 'im meeting justin soon. follow so-and-so & i'll tell him to follow you!' uhm, yeah right. i'm not dumb sweety.
Great Texas Rangers win, walk-off base-hit by Josh Hamilton in the bottom of the 9th, Rangers defeat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 6.
US Navy moving focus to Pacific-70% of world is covered by H2O; 80% of US lives w/in 200 mi of coast, 90% of US goods come via water.
RT:Good Morning: ...We are now in the 55-58 range but will fall into the 40s by late today. WELCOME TO NYC AUTUMN. burr-boohiss
hope you enjoyed the tour!
I vow to fiercely love you in all your forms. From now till forever. <3 -My vow.
We want you to as well, girl.
"It doesn't matter of who you are," she says 'cause He made you perfect, babe. -Lady Gaga :D
Excited to go to Tacoma Dome tonight to support Camas football team in semi finals for state! Good luck Papermakers, let's make history! <3
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
I don't recall giving you a reason to hate me, you create your own drama based on pure jealousy.
I'm sorry! It'll never happen again; I promise!
Muhammad Ali looks in really bad shape
I've been M.I.A. lately . Let's change that this weekend. Whats your nights lookn like on Fri or Sat?
Don Leu, UConn: 75% of adults searching online never check the source
Feels like you guys are rooting for Tebow. Understand It's great TV but how about some analysis about how Pats can beat Broncos.
Andy shares personal anecdote of feeling unappreciated by his friends.
your so pretty in all your videos. you got the best personality <3
Acoustic Duo show this Friday! Rocco's in Bay View, 9:30pm
"a boxing match where the fighters are bleeding before the match?" haha Tom Tucker from family guy on women's boxing.
It is bed time gotta wake up early with the little monster man..but I love my nephew to death
The smell of fresh lavender. I love summer.
So ready for next week. It's been too long, Poughkeepsie.
oh you weirdo. Lol I only like one his songs and That's somebody to love.
no problem :) just don't give it away!!
The adventure begins! Starting off with a mani pedi in Dallas at airport - party in MIA tonight!
are marked up texts helpful for #CWD150? talking abt exposing xml for #freebase et toti mundo at UR
Maybe not, but absorb the uneasiness abt the future, growing up post 9/11, post recession
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. - James Whistler
Hehe tweetin off Macy's phone (; you'll never guess who this is (;
Come get you're all day happy hour on!!!
Occassionally I'll be looking through the Demi tag and people will either be talking to "her" or about "her" blog. If she had one, she'd
well then there's no need for me to bring an umbrellaa !
Searching for inspiration/motivation and found the wonderful 'How To Steal Like an Artist' by - just what I needed. Thank you.
I want a star named after me too <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728> :)
Preaching Beyond The Choir - Sustainable Business Forum
That's great. So SM forgave the loan?
Great conference sessions @ #innotechatx happening all day - Happy 45-Minutes networking reception @ 1:45 Ballroom D
Like WHOA!
"The fear of the Lord prolongs days. But the years of the wicked will be shortened." Proverbs 10:27
darn it - I don't have a red shirt! Maybe I could borrow some of Ry's red lipstick :)
So when is the #TailgateTour coming to MKE???
Just can't get a break tonight, the Helo isn't even refuled and already another call comes in.
RT : Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! Who you taking today? Packers or Saints?
The problem with political jokes is that they tend to get elected.
If I eva publish, I will be known as "S.M.Perleberg." I want to be first-nameless like such current authors who leave me thinking...
Grumble. I apparently can't spell when I'm frustrated.
If their tweet to u is short link only display their profile. If there are no followers BLOCK THEM - don't open the link. It's spam.
thus being the reason I don't follow these people. The epistemic closure runs deep.
17 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
#ThoughtsAtWalmart these lines are too damn long
Oh, my! We have a little dog who is also a high jumper. He laughs in the face of fences.
Justin you'll always be in my heart <U+2600>
I just discovered that the Cook Islands have .ck as their ccTLD. They also chose to use the UK model of .co for companies
This is not your hone. Heaven awaits you in the kingdom that awaits where Jesus arms are open wide for you' RT?
If you're not comfortable with yourself, you can't be comfortable with others-Sydney J Harris
makin cookies lol
Don't even think about counting that as hanging!
wait when?
Hey Regis Tweet Tweet Dude
I don't remember the name but had this last time I was in. Spectacular Gin cocktail!
i'd victimize a vortex of vultures for a 32GB right now!
oh ok I thought you were going to mail it to Francisco....
RT Bc they got Bojangles!! RT Preparing food for Charlotte. Why change diet when u go to the meet?
My contact lens is dry. Twitter is fantastic for complaining about the nagging little problems.
Many many thanks to BRILLIANT show and tour de force!! !
All of the people I work with are fucking ignorant and retarded. I cannot wait to leave this shithole
#2peoplethatbelongtogether that one couple that are best friends and act like they're a couple but aren't.
Just landed at LAX. Pumped and ready to get wild at
What was funny? Can it be explained in 140 characters or less?
Midnight Trip to with hahaha
Speech at Liberty is Saturday RT : Bookstore at Liberty University well-stocked with books about Mitt
I am answering the questions on the pages to get certified in IC3...
The things you hear through the walls....
I think I might actually do my hair tomorrow.
WE definitely will! Thanks guys.
Rondo ran like a little cunt fuck bitch.
Day 2 with might need to hit up the ATM.
IS COMING TO LA. HALLELUJAH. ALL IS WELL IN LIFE.
No! Now get back to being the pretty girl.
Is anyone else as excited as I am to see Olly Murs too?! -Caitlin xx
Mandela not going to Mangaung is only a Breaking News story if he chose to attend a DA conference instead.
you said you were gonna follow me:( you didnt.
SECCA's new weekend and after hours staff member Amy Dorman starts today. Welcome Amy. She is a grad student at UNCSA.
Watching the stream from Milwaukee. Tell us good things about the future, Ultimate!
good stinking luck ahahah. are you doing Dild or Wild?
Playin angry birds rio and gravity guy
#Rockies down 0/5 after 5 to the Dodgers :( must be pleased tho!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !<U+2665><U+2665>
OMG To munch hate:(.das not good. has the right to b happy i support him das wt true rusher do?
Going to wal-mart doe d;
Uhh that would be you missy! I text you every time I'm off & you're with him!
check out john john's heat and dane reynolds too...those guys are unreal!!!
Determine to obey God, look to Him and not the circumstances, believe that God is able to do miracles to ensure your mission is a success.
So im up super early idk I dnt work today ugh
To make a difference is not a matter of accident, a matter of casual occurrence of the tides. People choose to make a difference. -Maya...
Our #UWM only "Getting Started in the CMS" course starts in a few minutes. There's another session being held on May 7th with 10 seats left!
so what's this you're saying about a #rimjob?
man I love you mom. But kuzzo I miss you!
staying up just to watch on Jay Leno. He winked at me at the club last month, I gotta do it.
John Carter was an okay movie. Although I found it hard to pay attention after Taylor Kitsch galavanted around Mars almost naked...
Freshly leaked &#39;Galaxy S3&#39; photo seems to confirm earlier images ...
wow really Haley
Home...sick & tired
Had a Amazing day tho :)))
thanks for the follow Brett!
I like how you said bacon twice. #bacon #bacon #bacon <3
“: Capers wasn't shy that first drive.” and to add to that. there was very good tackling
This a good ass day
So ready for school to be let out.
Great to hear from you. Still at the 'fish. What you brewing?
I am releasing residual anger. I am at peace. POSITIVE ACTION
Or the US in general?
I like Ishikawa as a back up to Mat. He will find his bat he's good power off bench if needed. Only 4 games in.
The books were not housed according to their worth, but were lying in a most foul and obscure dungeon.
RT : Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we’re here we should dance. -Anonymous
Commerce Department: #Economy expanded at an annual rate of 2.2% January-March quarter, compared with a 3% gain in final quarter of 2011.
RT Love's mother wiping her eyes as ME shows autopsy photos. Only judge, jury, attorneys and #Huguely can see evidence.
Yeah, I go back a lot. I have a lot of family still there...
I wonder if she knows about what you do
Got any cool pictures of Austin? SEND THEM TO ME. <3
RT : Question for anyone out there: Do Chesapeake employees get Thunder tickets free of charge?
I'll be giving out another pair of Korn tickets around 4:53 on The Zone @ 94.1... tune in baby cakes.
Today I'm going to post lots of blogs on our site! We have some great bloggers.
Nuggets are playing damn good
oh! Good! Well they're tools for two reasons. 1. They are full of themselves and 2. All girls go for tools. I'm on an idea-role!
can u help me out ?
Thanks so much, Grace Point Church! We had so many World Vision kids sponsored at the retreat!! You rock!
Everyday begins w/ a TO DO list, everyday ends w/ a journal entry, not just on your accomplishment - also your successes and lessons learned
Pit Bull. That's it. That's the joke.
yates hs is hosting it. Go to my site and see their ad w/ contact info in jumbo tron.
DAD ANSWER DA PHONE. I WANNA SEE ALREADY.
Lies Lies Lies .. Must miss me a lot to keep forgetting lol
Got to love how many websites took my pic of Mike Knox then credit websites that stole my pic...for my pic.
Hm have you taken videos?
How you like me now?
Via Brooklyn!
we all miss you! Come visit us soon!
Headed to orlando/ espn - Kick it 3v3 world championship - Go Fusion U12 girls
Lol naw I saw I am the legend with Will Smith so I know how to survive just stay away from white women and I'm straight
#YouGetPointsIf you're tall, have blue eyes, a nice smile, and straight brown hair <21
i've been watching RNG videos all day today, i guess thats what happens when you're home sick
I think better when im not sober
Last night's music rehearsal of #Approachingecstasy was amazing. Performances May 18,19,20.
Good morning Richard! Have to say, I love your posts about being blessed after a nice rain. It's the little things :-)
thank you!
Cocoa Beach is just awesome.
how bout casting a actor who's a veteran??? Now that sounds good. I'll be waiting
I'm only asking because you're the best... or, just have fun with it.
yes-they also tend to forget their art is gone for years. RT Am I right in saying that the rich are the most wasteful people?
Hmm, I need someone to text me# can't go back to sleep
That damn Maury never lets me down!
there is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens
totally flaked on Wordcamp this year and now it's sold out. :/
Have to admit, I really liked Darjeeling. Also -- and I know this is blasphemy -- lukewarm on Tenenbaums.
immersive environments are the next big thing in experience design
Happy National Margarita Day! Celebrate it with a Guiltless Margarita and don't worry about your pants getting tighter! Enjoy!
if I was ur girlfriend I wouldnt kiss and tell ;)
ya, um how long has this been going on? Oh ok..nooowwwww it might stick.
I can't get on #Facebook on my computer, cell internet or app. #FB sucks right now!!
We dnt care wat they think!
everything about this statement. confuses, yet still makes me proud
The #Knicks are without a head coach, under .500, & falling out of playoff contention, yet still have highest tix price $117
Day dreaming about winning the megamillions #feeling-lucky?
Hangover? Guess the afterparty was worth it?
little spring line release party. free drank
Kripy kreme yay!!!!! Just one for me or my trainer is gonna kill me
RT : Sometimes I'm sexual, but then other times I'm still sexual ;P
im a fedex guy in portland. If she looks like you i would as well. :-)
hi sweetie. how are you?
hahah noo way! Your mom brought you food all semester and you didn't give us any! ;)
Construction Work on Sunset HWY WB starts today in between Cornell Rd & 185th Avenue... left lane blocked 24/7.
well thank you very much :)
Life is meant to be lived: Healthy, Happy, and Free!
thanks for the quick response!
My fav is under $7. Loreal Voluminous Collagen. Black, fat tube. I always go back to it....
RT : Why I love the Internet. Reason #489. Being able to share back to back stories about Insane Clown Posse and Crowdfunding.
lol I like the Lakers but when they play with OKC I root for my home team. There both good teams tho.
I'm sorry...dislike my parents too
Is that supposed to be funny?
After a long day of basketball, couch burning, and celebrating, it's about time to get some homework done
Oh you're excited about Baskett? Ok, I am...but for other reasons! LOL Sorry, just in a snarky mindset today!
I say bad things then I feel bad. But fuck it. Especially when the person doesn't deserve a sorry.
what? Moving to Princeton?
Meat. Eat it. Love it. Talk about it. The Meat Show - today at 3pm Pacific - www.themeatshow.com - Tune in and get your meat on.
haha, thanks! I read the book for "research". Can't complain about that :)
don't nothin in #blue wanna kick it wit you
Roger Goodell wow...smack down on Saints!!!
Hot-tempered people must pay the penalty. If you rescue them once, you will have to do it again. (Proverbs 19:19 NLT)
my whole this is people saying, Universal has a parade because Disney has one. UO built mini golf cause WDW...
When you display confidence, others are attracted to it. Your marketplace is attracted to it. Your prospects are attracted to it.
Order sent to Jillian in Canada!
one time??
I'm with you! RT & : Realize I'm prolly in the minority here, but after a hot, sunny summer, I love today's weather.
RT : Shoot! I forgot to fill out those physical forms!
All I do is study & get HIGH! Oh & love to get on peoples nerves... IT wouldnt be me If I didnt Lol!!!
RT Post Xmas exercise regime underway. Ciara 2 (walks) - Chocolate kimberleys 20. Hm...still some way to go
Resting in Raton
fueled by a fake bacon BLT, I'm ready to get down to business with final work tweaking the stylesheet before
& - the two sexiest men in the NHL on one team. Swoon!
Yes crowdsource crisis mapping is so important.
Last Mix & Mingle / Annual Topic Brainstorm is 2 weeks away! Mark your calendars for 5/23 at Hyatt at Olive 8. See you there!...
Outside Andrew Freeman House in the Bronx, waiting for the Easter Egg Hunt
follow bro
I have no friends ): K.
The Streets of Old Milwaukee at while visiting my grandparents each spring. Still love that museum. earliest
Dont worry, got a few singles coming back from the studio in a week or two! RT : ; Hurry and release some new stuff!
WTF right now the only channel my tv gets is #foxnews. I don't even have cable.
They don't make lifeguards like they used to. Lifeguard on break at the Oxford pool had 7 White Castle sliders lined up to eat for breaky.
They have you confused with Edgar Allan Poe.
wtf is that and I want some!
is the only guy I would voluntarily make a sandwhich for (; <3 #Followmeaustin?
I am googling time cover right now :)
I'll be at the Mira Mesa Town Council Mayoral Forum tonight at 7 p.m. at Mira Mesa High School! Come join us
Cliff Martinez is pretty awesome-- the Traffic soundtrack being another great example.
Burritos for four at goes to... !
ARE YOU SERIOUS. I'M BEING SERIOUS. PLEASE BE SERIOUS.
There is nothing more fun
I've heard the name, but I don't know what it is. Can you give me the general low down?
All Alone by Fun. just might be one of my new fav songs.. damn that for showing me this addicting band
Not getting sick, not getting sick, not getting sick
I hate going to bed pissed off.
naw i doubt it
Can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Pretty tired of all the fear-mongering with "severe" weather. I'd like to see an overlay map with future prediction and TV ratings.
Green lights all the way up Connecticut?? Is this real life?
Heart broken over something that hasn't even happened </3
seriously? You're not kidding that's not good news, especially with Wolf off to such an awful start.
Mad Men up in 2min.. ;)
Gins and tonics were really nice, as were food items, but it was chilly in the garden. Missed you.
Hillary Clinton just winked at me...oh the horror...
How is it that everyone my age is either engaged or married???#old&confused
That's great. Good luck with the move, and we'll see you when you arrive!
Thank YOU! : Thanks for following!
Ffftttt you'd miss me too much. Oh, I'm gonna go to friendship tomorrow, by the way. Most likely
Looks tasty! Colin and I had a delicious juice last night with ours!
definitely not, she has no
So tired this morning
I got some Remy left and Naw not the hair :-)
RT : ANNOUNCING: LIVE bands every weekend. Saturday, come see and No Cover
6-0 #Harvard run to tie the game at 12 with 10:45 to play 1st half. All 12 points have come in the paint for the Crimson
- you get 140 characters. I think #cookieupdates will go over well with your constituency.
-ily best friend!! so miss you!!
OK will play it soon, RT “: that's what I wanna hear !!”
hope to g-d NOT true . Knew the guy if It's who think it is
BFC loves you Denver. So proud that this is our roots. Always. XO
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
lmao I think its best you keep it that way...I can imagine the horrified look on her face if she finds out the real meaning
I followed(:
Congrats on your sold-out crowds! We're looking forward to seeing the show!
show ya boy some luv www.youtube.com/ddhdagreat
May I ask why your stick tape appeared to have "taint killer" written on it? Good game by the way
You were in Denver today? Next time would enjoy showing you around Belay.
so excited to see you!! When do you get in?
Might have to order another DVD just so my love can personalize it. Hm
fuckin gee rocky you know what the fuck you doin wit the industry you keep it g bitch hahahah no disrespect
Done - those are gorgeous!
aw <3 yay, I dont feel so alone anymore. I left facebook lol
Haha sorry dude...this is actually the first city I've ever visited after I left
you saw the avengers, please tell me more about how youve always been a comic book fan and how much you hate dc.
Drums and bass are done. Working on guitars now. Should be done either today or sometime on Monday.
Was the Korean in ABQ good? Did you have Bibimbap?
I have a day off from school here in LA but im not able to come see you guys :((( Now im just crying with my cats
It's procrastination in all honesty
RT : I want you to be mine..
Who's this guy on "Love/Addiction" he looks familiar?!
Always laugh that I have to leave the state to actually sleep in!
Hey Falcon!
Congrats and team at for award!
People say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar (and Organization)
Making "bracket" hand gestures to myself to try to keep track of whether I have matching numbers of { and } in this code.
am i the only one that didnt know and came to Philly?! I would have gone to see them! ):
y yeen say nun
have you ever tweeted this much in one day?
Just go away.
always do ;)
Thanks for the follow
Long day and even longer night
CH.5Evnthgh there may have been some grammatical errors in the translation. I do not think the police dept failed in mkng hm undrstnd
Thanks for the follow and support!
Mardi Gras party plans are coming together with Kasana, Great Lakes Distillery, Extra Crispy Brass Band, Do414, and WMSE... Can't wait!
Tell her to "get real." Then tell her "Know thyself." And if that don't work, tell her to get lost!
No, " and David Beckham are very attractive. That's all I have to say." That's what I wanted.We have lots in common.
#HurricaneIrene at 115mph Winds. 115mph winds can blow down houses, root up trees and knock out power. Data Centers should take precautions.
I'd rather have McCann
Lia Would you eva F' wit me?? Real SHIT??
absolutely! We had a blast hosting this time.
I'm a fan, I don't cover anything. I like all sports & pull 4 all CO teams, but I'm Broncos 1st, Nuggets/Rockies 2nd, Avs 3rd.
people with moustaches scare me..
They fought hard in Chicago a month or two ago. Shocked me. Which players can a casual fan identify?
is the love of my life! :)
Hahah and she's good looking so I don't get it. A girls got a heart ...
Congratulations to and for winning the inaugural Davin Wilfrid Award for focused, engaged attendees.
Why are you following me? Thanks, by the way. ;)
Movie recommendation is Russell Crowe in "L.A Confidential"
thanks for the salute! Your team was great in reserving plenty of tables for my big group!
Well, this is one way to get me to upgrade from Leopard. *sigh* "iTunes Producer requires a .... Mac OS X v10.6 or later installed."
Kawhi Leonard is the rookie of the year for the simple fact that he stole the ball away from Kobe Bryant then made a layup.
Birthday in t-minus five days!!!!
twitters retarted. it wont let me log into so now i had to make a new account. cant upload a profile pic either. wtf
yes 50 we will the series
THKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Nice! MT : 10% of grand opening weekend sales help support the Las Vegas Junior League!
what is that?
Follow They support
We are putting together our spring menu! Anything you guys would like to see?!
I have been working with Wade for years. He is great. Thanks for the re-tweet. Hope my pr brings more people to you
i meant Andy btw :p
Poker Face on the radio woop woop
You sold ur home to Ryan Seacrest?! You should of given it to me!
that's cool keep doing your thing on the gridiron go state!
playing some old school mario ......#i heart this pc jajajaj via
We both know that wont happen :)
they will choose just one, & then there'll be a lot of bees there. That's not a million market prefs expressed, tho.
A potato would have outcoached Karl. RT : And Phil would have outcoached Karl.
Watching this Memphis/New Orleans game.
she is all u tweet about... im about to unfollow u ;)
Some #FF love to Twitter homies like , , , ,
show me what my money paid for. Including feedback. Or shoot me your lawyer's
Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget,let your friends know about this GGW event! early arrival is recommended!!
Nigga done ran off w/ the juice & we suppose to b going to the bball court smh
Trying to learn how to Ollie is so frustrating.
good thing that wasn't about you. :)
It's incredible, that, in July, Austin probably won't even remember those who were here in July 2011. Eventhough he said he wouldn't.
Walking around makes me feel young again. And old. Where did 20 years go?
Writing this book has made me wish I could live in Berlin in 1932. I would be too drunk to kill Hitler.
Thanks for the mention! :)
Same here. :/
let's try next time instead of Skype or GoToMeeting :)
TX drivers have balls of steel, which is scary but also kind of awesome.
My nephew is ill ! How tf did this happen !?
- glad you enjoyed getting your firkin fix today!
Just when I think my opinion of humanity can't get any lower. Shit like this happens.
Left home at 3:30 this morning. So, yes, it's confirmed... 3:30 am does actually exist.
lol that's allot
no just an tweet why ?
Can't sleep. Mehh.
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me<3 wish to meet him oneday
And you as well!
Dear : W/ a season of funky Aztec prints & brights, you absolutely nailed it w/ your SS12 Black/White trends. I loved each piece!
at #SU12 said she was going. Maybe she hasn't arrived yet. Or you've had 1 too many Mai Tais ;)
thanks for the mention. Keep doing Christ's work and sharing your music with the world. God Bless.
Merry Christmas Everyone! -Cyrus
when are you in Austin till?
ahh girl dave needs to call me :) id be the happiest girl alive (:
... take me, pick me. (what, a little Meredith Grey won't work for concerts?)
...Season 1 - 3 will tell you.
Worst feeling ever? Being ignored.".
I love when guys wear Chucks :)
only quibble: archives section isn't working for me
#notfunny end of discussion
It is inspiring to hear how different the conversation is around teacher effectiveness today than it was one year ago. It's a culture shift!
Oh and fooseball!x) -Ashley
Whaddduuuppp family! Come check us out while soakin up the sun! SW 9th and Alder downtown.
#disgusting wow...I am shocked by that
It was great to catch up and share ideas with publishing pals exhibiting at #OAH12, esp. since I won't be attending #AAUP12 this year.
Does 5% battery remaining on your device send you into tech panic?
Need gameplay programmers w/ 2 years+ exp for A FPS project In Bay Area.
Sorry, a new app has been generating some spam in my name - turned it off for now. Sorry about that :)
Did you see today's wealth & beauty tips? What to do when you get a raise? How to combat cellulite? See our network page!
RT : Happy Freedom Fighters Friday! Entire #YWCATriangle laid off w/o warning, pay. Beloved community devastated, & we sti ...
Always work with your voice teacher before the audition.
Performing at j spot tommorrow 830 see u there!
drinking and thinking with brother Jr, we good ;)
Ian even gotta rap, I can just be the hype man, back up dancer, or something
Vince Russo booked the stream for ROH
So which is better, Foursquare or Gowalla?
well you sure woke up in a good mood! Let me guess, did marcos call you this morning? Haha
Hey! You should totally promote #confab12 tweet-up at Barrio's (3 blocks north) at 5:30PM. You can set the drink minimum. :p
opportunities are limitless...
“ Bikinis should have an age limit and a weight limit.” real talk!
Break up the #Cubs!
Like a jerk, I'm doing my taxes the night before the deadline. Itemizing like a mofo, y'all.
Is there an official hashtag for NLA/NEMA conference this week?
Home with a bad back, logged into my office computer, working remotely. What's wrong with me?
Heard about Casper from JAMF? Could solve a LOT of #iPad issues like security, classroom mgmt, and app distribution.
ya pick go hard
you can still their your hair up in a ponytail! Lol
OH U CAN DO THAT HUH!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : Huhh!! This squirt I got convo on my TL
yes! I have a friend that sends her son to a school that doesn't teach reading until kids "express an interest." 8 & illiterate
thx, have been on extended hiatus - longer than intended, which is just another way of saying ... I'm lazy. ;)
i pity the fool, that falls in love with you.
follow me (:
It's like some kind of weird ad. 'If you thought packing was fun, try unpacking.'
Need to write an Creative and Innovation Idea Paper on McDonalds for my writing class. need some idea...
I feel like I just left rookies .. But my grandmas coming in today so I'll get a nice tip :))
Don't tweet about it . Be about it (:
Same goes for What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Looking forward to it! :)
Oh, and Misty May and Kerri Walsh have gone 5th-9th-9th at their three tournaments this year. So there's that. (It's early)
Thanks for the FF!
Cuffin ruins most relationships. Because what they use 2 do to get you changes after they got you.
Fuck this final......
i wonder how much that beanie baby collection is worth these days. i love that president snow was the princess diana one.
We'll let you know if we're doing one!
Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now n then...still cheering for Denver though
Ya! Lol I love them! I got there Cd for Christmas haha
Rock their world! Sell some holes! :-D
Just talked to a couple of folks who walked the beach during the storm.
PikaChoose 4.0.2 is out. showCaption option added and minor bug fixes. Also left and right positioned thumb examples in the download!
Take yo ass to bed! Lol please assume this tweet is for u..
If I downgrade and delete a team member, will his content be deleted or stay a part of my account history?
I hate you so much
When I say I'm stronger than you, I'm not talking about what we can lift. It's what we can bear.
S/Ok to the OH so BAD!... Really
secret lovers.
#TOURS The Maccabees Announce New York Show
word of knowledge: a supernatural fact you could have not known about another person that is given by the Holy Spirit.
Im On Twitter N Facebook ' Gundown Givins Jus Please Gv Me Sum Feed Bak. U Cn Leave In N My Inbox Or Tweet Me. Myb A Num
fucking server mysteriously shuts down and it doesn't seem to be IP related this time
figured out the Windows international characters in user IDs problem for
OMG!! just walked by at Tiagos!! And I'm wearing Spurs!!
Yes sir. Right next to my sculpting desk. Nothing beats Vincent Price and monsters to get ya going in the right direction :)
I'm a little behind, but the #Tupac hologram was ridiculously accurate. Very cool. More 'Holo-shows' to come?
do you get a title ?
Gifboom anyone ?! ! follow me :) im new to this
the way I woke up today >>
Oh and One more thing 's #CoastToCoast Comes out tomorrow woohoo #PreOrdered :D
Slide And Get Me Bra
This room has got to get packed up!
It's on!
too small
Tomorrow it's '80s Night at your humble pizzeria. Music, prizes, great food and drink. Just don't put baby in a corner.
well I only bought snacks e.e aha soup's good.
EW north carolina. so disappointed and disgusted in this world.
Looks like I'm in for the night big head
So who's Paige Conway? I heard Beliebers are hating on her? :P
Bass is getting did dirty
hey guys!! Hope y'all had a great weekend! Good night!!
Can't wait for Happy Hours at 1 pm with
Enjoyed delivering a speech tonite at TPC SUGARLOAF. Great hosts & great executives!
really Santorum. he just came out of nowhere and is relevant now after all this time in obscurity. will see after Iowa
Pho pop up on u st. Big day tomorrow. Jumping in and getting our feet wet on a big purchase.
Y do chicks think its cute to have babies out of wedlock? That is NOT cute!
If I ever need a make-up artist I'll let ya know Haha...
GOLD #CHARITY SPOTLIGHT: Mercy Ships operates a fleet of hospital ships bringing #hope around the world to millions in need
haha I agree.
nothing! If he wants to follow you he will!
it's nice to have you at my helm again!
Betcha it will be easier, now that you're smoking less.
really impressed with the new Yahoo mail #ymail. way faster and easier to use, great UI.
I need that lethaweyyyy
Lol me. ( secretly )
I'm gonna be completely lost without Kristin. Omg
I don't think I've ever wanted somethin more
my 15 minutes started an hour ago
That was really a great movie!!
do you think that due to lack of bid thieves and worthy final at larges that we will see mostly chalk in the first weekend?
Me and are too holy for you <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
today i was with this 6 yr old katy while wearing an ib shirt. kate: why do they spell "boyz" with a z? me: because theyre so cool for s
CHICO'S ANGELS music videos filming in four weeks!
The history singers will be performing THIS WEEKEND at the library! Explore the Music of Mark Twain, Sunday, 3pm. Don't miss it!
cool thanks for the info. Have a goodnight handsome.
oh hey guess what I LOVE YOUU GGCGJBCFVFCCVFFGVV
Just told the lil girl on the bus to take a picture u can study it longer lmao just get out my face
Thanks baby;) RT wow great hips x
fun & wild adventures... You have me pegged! :) location independent is the best. TTY in a couple of weeks!
Track Meeting Tomorroww (:
thankk yaa Kelli(: in doing some serious promoting with (:
If u legal and fckin wit young ass ppl , yeah i cant fuck wit you .
Tell me why I have "Bridgewater Pool" saved in my phone?
What's up with my phone unfollowing people?
nothing, that's the point though, terrible wireless connection
sorry I was dancing round my untidy room picking up stuff so I can go out tomorrow :') xoxo
Plz ppl get the haters out of ur lifes
Very True. Miss Kaye and our lady Pack fans really make the HQ great.
Apologies for my ill-tempered use of "muérdeme" earlier, hadn't had coffee. But worth noting that world's richest man in Mexican
that's exactly what set me off! The entire property is obscured by walls, but there's a sign that says "casa de shanendoah"
Our 501(c)3 application hits the mail today. Yippee!
Great time at the beach! Sad to leave.
Gheorghe: The Blog, misleading folks since 2003. RT : spreading the misinformation :P
Excited about R&R HOF for Faces. Get your asses on a proper tour. First round on me.
Fu- these are so realistic. I want them to happen to me
RT : Now that I think about it, isn't all rocketing skyrocketing? We don't really need the sky part, do we?
why just for the night?
Um bitch wasn't with me recycling cans
One we dont have many recievers. Two our offensive cord is a dumb ass and three we are a run first team.
Ive said it before but its still true. Greg Popovich might be the best coach in sports. Glad he got Coach of the Year.
Not gon happen Lbs
Why do all the dweebs hit me up ??/
#ItsSadThat when I say I'm forever alone... I will be til I'm 90 years old.
Love seeing all the tots dressed up for the White House Easter egg roll. My favorite D.C. tradition.
u really by yourself partying...
the static night air / above cloud clusters wander east / a flood of moonlight
Going to have landscape inspiration Mediterranean style in 5 days....cannot wait for my trip to Israel!
I feel so blessed to be a performing and working actress! So excited... I'm working on 2 projects today!!
Mama mia..meatball subs three nights in a row. Keep 'em comin.
FORCE FED FOR JUSTICE, DOWN YOUR FUCKING <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>THROAT
What credit union has entertainment in the lobby?
so um you should def tryout for the level 4 team in August (;
Haha a police chase with a tank? Wow
Thx for the suggestions and RT's!
Thanks for checking in with us and !
dope track bruh
wait, isn't one of 's sponsors all about the vibrating universe?
F it I'm on one
Who's going to next week? Stop by our booth #1117 for prizes, giveaways and demos!
How did I not know Newsies is a broadway show now?
Merry Christmas! Santa came and my kids are the happiest kids ever!!
Followed by Alicia Keys RT : 57 minutes into #Grammys2011. Six ads w/celebrity faces. All women. No men. (1 v/o w/Tim Allen).
Nice.. I actually know that one! Definitely will check out that album soon! =)
how "deadly" was that catch?
That apartment. I want that apartment so bad. I want that view & that couch & those throw pillows & those lamps. I want all of it.
so Chip Kelly is headed to the NFL if Oregon hires Chris Peterson can I convince you to root for the #ducks lol
FORGET YOU. AND FORGET HIM TO. I'm sorry, I can't afford a Ferrari.
I'm not talkin to no one but ok
Take advantage of some great Fall weather here in South Texas & the hill country. Have a GREAT weekend!
I wish i can go back to public school
She gave me head.... phones.
just told me she can't even stand her own farts..... Ew!
If you're visiting Washington DC and you go to a Subway to eat, die. Just go die.
Dear twitter friends, & #babyhorse: thank you for entertaining me on this 6-hour flight from JFK to SFO. #nowlanding. Later gator.
N New Orleans. Thinking about filming one of my movies here one day. So much culture!!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
my buddy and his wife live there
im sorry its cuz ive been holding in my tears since lunch and i guess i just had to..
Now my mom is straight bitching me out.
Freaking Ahmed!
I think it's time for the to find our nxt Curtis Martin. We need a RB.
Smurfs is cute
Converse set to open a 5,200 square foot recording studio in Brooklyn. Cool beans.
#theeveningjones y'all
Some people don't believe in New Year resolutions. Like everyone in this McDonald's drive thru.
U can rock it like this son!
what's blue? like blue's clues?
listen to smyd by blood on the dance floor and don't die
why am I a liar
Face Down, Ass Up
Awesome dude !
I imagine #Canucks fans enjoyed that quite muchly.
(((PRAYER UPDATE))) My brother in law is healed! the found the cause that was making him sick.. it was a bacteria
Groundhog Day doesn't matter in Denmark. It will always be cold.
Do they make your beds too?
I hope you all have seen the HYFR video.
Won't even call you out in front of all these people...
If you make it far don't forget where you came from cause it will come back and bite you if you do!
Let's score then pack
“: Unofficial name of the new DBU baseball stadium...The House That Built” doubt that! That's big time though
Better movie..."Gladiator" or "300" and why??
are you going to the dog wood festival tomorrow?
Has social media influenced your buying process?
Ozzy's "Flying High Again" is on your back wall??
Fb dead as hell
Really? Rain last night! Such odd weather.
Check out Time Warner Hudson Valley YNN news today. They did a segment on our Christmas Day soup kitchen. Call are coming in from all over.
Today I learned Twitter hates ampersands ...
oh my would he love to partake!!!! Nathan is so excited. More info please :)
lmao hex yea...bro its goin down we gone shut that hoe down lol
Strongly recommend Zoetry in Dominican Republic. Congrats Marsch's
My phone is better than urs, cause if i chuck it at u it will hurt a lot more than average phones -Levin Wat is wrong with him?
yes, stop before it's too late.
A northeaster may have dampened its box-office spirits this weekend, but “Avatar
Making progress on my left bauzband. About time, since I finished the right one in July of 2010.
Thanks for the RT! :)
I just ugh im finna go cry!!
It would! That be amazing! Its like I love the new Lady A song & I cant wait for the next one next month! Haha =)
Damn right. And U were born to be a star! Get in the arena & live your life. Its journey not the destination that counts.
Just finished Leigh Stein's novel "The Fallback Plan" and feel blown away. I got a little weepy on the Bolt Bus.
Can you get me in n out
follow back? :)
I thought everyday was a sunny spring day down there.
The future belongs to the few of us still willing to get our hands dirty
No i dont want to view the photo of the day
RT : diversify your biz to stay relevant during a bad economy.
Agreed. I do admit that though I have never watched "Buffy" or "Firefly" I knew of Whedon. One look at his name and I knew.
Rockies bring back Giambi
“: Comment wins RT: The delay on the screen makes me think a Kungfu fight will break out #smcdallas #DFWSEM” omg lol
Renter: most articles reposited by faculty on the weekends, so commit to answer within 24h, including on the weekends.
"Small Expressions," presented by , opens today! We have free admission from 5-8pm and happy hour specials at Claire's!
#FourFamousWords " We need to Talk"
oh yess, we pinned it!
": Does anyone love pizza & wings as much as me?" Ohp, obesity tweet. Lmao
RT Language is power. Let's eliminate 'teen prostitute' from our vocabulary and call it what it is #sextrafficking of children
She feels strongly about her cheese. RT What kind of place has no #cheese - they are def not from Wisconsin
every sunday night is the same
Meet me in my dreams. Bring a cape. And a tuba
Saw American Reunion hella funny movie must see!
We're all very excited. We have some really great new songs recorded so far for the next cd.
I meant with words. not actions.
We will celebrate outstanding teachers today in the Statehouse. Thanks to all of my teachers, Tina's teachers, and my kids' teachers!
Agreed. Ridiculous. Goal of the year; better than Ronaldo heel. Ba-Cisse strike pairing = superb. RT that goal was amazing
So much studying to do. :/
Yes! That is the plan. :) I never did it before either. Was pretty easy, albeit messy.
Congratulations to Rick Telander, , , , and all the #LISAGOR winners in sportswriting.
Dis movie is boring. Mary can't safe me.
Awww... I miss u too :( Congratulations On Graduating We Gone Have To Do Something...
Give peace a chance
no I go to Austin Peay in Clarksville, TN
You have to relinquish that control on a film
Ugh I hate all this fighting that's going on in my life...
Happy #EcoMonday to you as well, thanks for the mention!
..and yes there will be a need for more computational rendering for it. ;)
Dad's playing portal 2! Yay!
353 remaining here at the UC! FINS down 54-53...LETS GO!!! #fearthefin #maconmadness TIME TO RISE UP AND FINISH!
how was your honeymoon? I have tickets to see you in Cleveland. Mike
ha! I'll even fly the pussy to me!
Final preparations underway.... We're heading for Kentucky for #bourbonchase tomorrow.
DailyHookahTip#97: To properly clean your hose, grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out.
I'll always be your girl no matter who gives me free chipotle. Promise.
sometimes i love them so much it hurts but other times i just have no feelings wtf
We find that at the Archives! RT : I think everyone loves "behind the scene 'secrets'", that's why I got interested in museums
Aww, thanks :). I definitely needed instructions to accomplish all those things, however.
I need more Followers
Only in L.A! On "Shahs of Sunset, " billionaire client Mohamed is building a $60,000,000 home and they're using pre-fabricated fireplaces.
*sigh* I liked the old Twitter better. All this junk on the left is no good. Plus, I miss the "conversation" speech bubble. :(
Basketball Tournament, Magic Show, Live Music, Boxing much... much more!
My right side of my head hurts.
lol good idea
you are certainly not a hard person to find ;)
Wish I could enjoy these nice days without my shitty sinuses...
gah! I've had that done. Icky painful and all that.
Just may be the BEST #keylimepie I have ever made!
#TonyOprahChat I am past coach for Tony and would love to connect with other coaches and/or consultants. We had awesome network/sharing.
bitches get on my nerves #youknowwhoyouare!!
You should send me a post card with all your "spare change" :) Skype tonight?
Everytime I think about what the next 4 -6 weeks have in store for me I freak out a little. It's exciting.
Come join us for diner tonight! We look forward to seeing you (:
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
CCT professors, Dr. Linda Garcia and Dr. Kim Meltzer are presenting now on "Developing Research Questions" in the CCT lounge -...
Thanks for your reply!! What types of people make up the interactive team?
i hate burning my fingers with the flat iron -_-
Milwaukee vs. Butler Tonight 8 p.m. @ U.S. Cellular Arena - Live on ESPN...Winner dances on to the NCAA tournament...Believe!
simpler question: Is it OK to have a cookie? Answer: Always.
Thank you, Tom, and all. #Piacere !
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
At the TTI/Vanguard re:Learning conference. Lots of discussion of how STEM education can be furthered in the States (a focus for SI too).
What a good idea - I have a few events I could use my own clothing sponsors for. Started posting wish list on Pinterest :-)
Nope, tonight I was on the high home plate camera!
If you'er a tattooed women, call the Scotty Davis show on FLZ 1-800-409-9393...need to run somthing buy u!
my first one took about 4 weeks, my 2nd 3 months. what are you using to clean it? :)
@ the spital wit my old dude & I must say deez senior citizens r fukkin over deez spring chickens I want sum of dat widow money
I LOVE MY FOLLOW PROFAVOR Thank you for your
hey. I can't sleep either. What's up?
Who's up for some Freestyle Friday? Share your favorites!
Finally home! It's a great feeling :)
If you're not part of the solution...you're part of the problem. Why so many missing adults and nobody seems to care?
you sure havent.
anytime! Thanks for a great session!
Dont know if I wanna listen to my mom scream for Kobe and World Peace! They can do no wrong. Meanwhile poor Shaq gets every time he appears.
Thank you
En route to Vancouver
Correct but traditionally locals handle road closures.
yes he was
shouting out "Flotsam" Children's Transmedia Storytelling at
[] single [] taken [x] waiting for someone not to break my heart:)
dont be gay, get a tattoo today
Only 2 days left, may as well try and make the most of em, lol joke I have to revise for ICT
They say a year in the Internet business is like a dog year.. equivalent to seven years... it's evolving fast and faster. - Vinton Cerf
Beautiful day for a run in Central Park. Then get to watch The Masters while I work, not a bad day.
Looking for a unique & yummy gift for mom? RT 1 day left-10% off on Spring Floral Cookies for Mother's Day! fb.me/IQRDjGPD
what kind of footage made final cut?
1pm USMNT v Italy Viewing Party
Why am i so pussy to talk to women -.- fml
I did, and passed it on. Thanks!
I might go visit you this coming week!!!
Plans for the Los Angeles SLAM Basketball Academy completed & launch date is Sept 1, 2009. Pro Bball Training & Skills Development 4 youths
I'm sure youd love that ^_^
So you are one of those Twitter tough guys huh?
Londonup! has now joined the Diversity Platinum program. Go to www.londonup.com for more details
Everything worked well on my iPad. Looks great too!
RT Good luck to all you still trucking along w/me. Congratulations to all of you who have made it!! Woot!
If you have great "Content" they will come, and if you don't, they won't.
lol that made me sound so creepy...
Why do you leave your computer on at night? You don't leave your car running while you sleep.
not sure but it's some time at the beginning of May.
haha that sucks
Back at it again...
and I are on the way to photograph Jason & Ofelia's wedding!
Cant wait to see the avengers tonight
RT I would like to distribute your product in Canada.Who can I speak to? TY ! we are sohappy you like our product!
Wow, that sucks. Is there an announcement somewhere? Can't find it. Trying to find out why.
Playing draw something with cute girls
Picture day and I have really bad razor burn.
#HappyEaster, world! Easter brunch with several families we're close to. Ready to stuff my faccee.
lol this guy
are you kidding me? how did i get so damn sick!?
VooDoo respond quickly with a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush. Game tied 61-61.
You heard her. Be there! ;)
I'm going to go with "NO... THAT'S DISGUSTING!?"
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
follow back so I can DM you.
Fuck dude thats not the way to talk to a grl....
Right! Yes!
library construction messing up the call numbers in the Euro history section
Fuck the idea of a relationship. They don't work. I just want to have fun.
#TimeOfOurLIVE Get this trending!!!
were you telling me you knew of a good home BP monitor? If so, what do you recommend?
This plane connects to Denver. I've never been there.
Thank you for the RT dear!
We have a crush on librarians.
That might work.
What will happen when I go there? I will check it out!
Everything's ok, my dads been sick. It's been a long winter. Thanks for asking! Congrats on ur thesis! Graduation day ahead!!!!
Great spring day. Sunny, warm, beaches full, water clear and warm. Love it!
-- keeping cool / in the deep night / strangers on a bridge #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Thanks for coming & sharing your pix!
At the game tonight. Matt Moore and Brian Matusz. What pitcher gets there ERA below 5 first?
Last Research Paper for the year!Almost done
All good no worries, I just wasn't if you knew and thought you might like it, if you can't get it all good : )
We surely perish for the lack of knowledge...
#WW --kindness and happy tweets from my twitterfriend ---
#woowoowoo you are the best! Good luck tonight! You rock!
TD has stopped working on my Android tablet. Also, does not sync colunms with Windows version. Any ideas?
Its been a cold day in the field.....is that's why its named cold calls:-)
So yea... I'm almost at 24k.. And when I get there I'm gonna post a really random funny video of me and one of my baby cousins.. Wahhhhhhh!
follow me plz
Yumm.... thanks for sharing, and Happy Friday :)
we run a $50 freeroll daily for everyone RT : Why are all DailyJoust freerolls for new players only?
score! Thx much.
pretty interesting. Not surprising
One place understood helps us understand all places-Eudora Welty
New life goal- be able to play Ratatat's 17 years on the guitar.
Yea it's 2:30 and I'm drinkin so f off
I swam in the ocean today; I had forgotten how amazing it feels to be tossed around by the waves. Mother Nature, take the wheel.
Ah such a good concert! Great artists!
My hour and fifteen minute class just got out in ten minutes
I've really had a good day :) was outside about 75% the whole time
I don't look in the past to correct wats goin on now, u either with me or u get left behind, and I will leave u
At the dine in theater amc about to see Paranormal Activity 3
I love having my hair long and all but doing it is such a pain.
thanks! finally figured out sibelius! Good to know if I get stuck...
heading to Sunny San Diego on Thursday!
Basically my whole family but me got Jason Aldean tickets for tonight
Kte I just wouldnt take tou as a short rib taco or Kogi Hot Dog kinda gal, best shit or not. I've seen the truck
lol right right
Cauliflower is my new potato.
im like a bat, i sleep all day and come out at night
it's so picturesque!!! I love it.
Cross a few creeks, yeah & a couple little shacks
Have a new found appreciation for sour candy... The slight kick of sourness keeps me awake in class. And its yummy!
¡Ajua! RT : Tribute to the one and the only Selena. #Texas music in the house! ¡Ajua!
My mom gets me bent so I just "k"d her -.-.
Keep my sister out yer filthy dino mouth, FB! You daggum troublemaker! BTW, do you have any free t-shirts?
KG shooting a jumper near the 3 point arch would have been better than the Rondo jumper. FT's and turnovers are killing the C's.
Today's affirmation: I trust that the universe will always meet my needs.
Yes!!! Please school these ppl. RT : And this is why I'll be writing a Fan Questions: Don't Be That Guy piece before SDCC.
lmao! I luv taco spot hopping. Except #RS (real Siri) she's a bi*tch out here and won't tell me where anything is at ;(
's life span
I think #highered needs to put limited resources into channels that deliver maximum results. Google+ doesn't cut it, IMO.
I'll be sure to keep an eye out for a fellow Texan at #NACE12!
I have a few disposable cameras that my kids must have used many years ago. I wonder the same thing. Photos of tiny thumbs?
“: that was live...thank you in yoda-speak: wall of sound and sonics you are” thank you for making the night!!
I was a finish line attendant for the Capital Challenge. Collecting bib numbers because they don't use chips (For whatever reason)
dud wtf so you guys went to a diff party?! and drank?
no problem thanks for your support
you're welcome and thanks for the laughs!
Learning about the #creativityhabit with Yes I am multi-tasking on a communication addiction medium.
Kundera. "The Farewell Party" - so much lighter, so much frothier...and, yes, so much more serious
Fuck this bullshit!? People r getting on my fucking nerves with all this drama bullshit!! Ah
Mr.D's Tip of the Day:When choosing paint colors for the exterior of your home go with lighter colors. Darker colors fade faster.
Ill always love you , forever a Mahomie <3
looks good, im definitely getting some coffee from BG's when i come this weekend! :)
secret :D
; like why can't i hold conversations or crack funnies w/ people via twitter!? Isnt it what's its for right! it is an social network.
we should!
I'm gonna continue my life, drama free because youur no longer involved.
So, who do you think will go home on Idol tonight? I'm thinking Lauren.
Love that song!!!
Fuck it, i was completly fine till today
A 140 character count confines & unintentionally obfuscates. All I wanted to say is I enjoyed the accountability & conversation.
May i say please, sources of abuse (violent self serving arrogance acted out) r ugly; an UPforearm across the nose might help
I prefer oak ridge over jones
anytime dear! xo :-*
just waking up lub u homie send ne the pic of me and nova you took last night
Yea like Justin Bieber would ever follow me he doesn't even know I exist.......... But never say never
Kevin Green #RockTheReTweet enough said
Eating Cookies Cookies Cookies Cookies(: Or also known as Oreos!!!<3
Thanks bro!
o stop it qt u r 2 sweet
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets. One of us is originally from Rolla MO. Go Cardinals!
I wonder what thinks of all his #MahoneBodyParts having twitters ?
hello to you too!! 10 more days till Catchers and Pitchers!!!! YANKEES!!!!
does you picture blink or is that just my phone?
The average Israeli makes 15x as much as the average Palestinian, yet in 2005, the US gave Israel more than $2.6 billion in aid.
Awesome! I collected milk ads in the '90s, but I blame (then) youth and bad taste. Will def hold on to Newsweek issue awhile.
I just love going to Good Records. Favorite record store on Dallas :)
Season premier of The Office tonight. You know its gonna be awesome
M, I can see why the birds like it!
OMG YES. And that diaper! That was the scariest thing ever. And we straight booked it back to your house lol
I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all
is driving through the Artichoke Capital of the World.
lol...that is an #awesome background on your twitter homepage
work~finish my work~ go go go~
Star gazing would be cute. Take me?
she is my little lol
Andino Fuck You!!! Oh what the hell, let me watch the Spurs game. :)
I wonder when people will realize I remember everything you say to me. Good and bad.
Apparently on the 1st day of tour, I said "I love my Horse Feathers an' I get 'em where they need to go." It's been quoted every day since
Did you find a job?!
Almost blew up the bus rocking out some fire works. look for video soon!!
Adobe Muse is InDesign for the web. My prayers were answered. Get the Beta version to try out.
I know you are finished. You were fin before you got started. Go put your head on your Dawkins pillow and have a good cry.
That's excellent.
My packing routine involves methodically packing electronics, followed by frantically stuffing clothes into a duffle bag.
Welcome new followers: , Like us on Facebook.
Anuptaphobia (sp?) Sucks.... it keeps me up at night.
Too busy to breathe, but I AM gonna run
Big XO to my partner
is there stuff for him to do dealing up to July 4?
I Would Probably Bang On The Door until Keisha Comes Like "What U Want?" Thats when I jump in the bus & find Princeton room
Dog is the Mullins, SC so-called Dalmatian - the white one that looks mostly bully but with faint spots. Still not approved.
totally working on it ;) I just gotta get a couple nails tomorrow to get the pictures on the walls, then I'll take some ;)
thanks Amanda for the support and follow I hope to get to pittsburgh one of my good friends lives there checkout
Young. I really think that's pretty much it.
I picked up some new linens for food photos today...I'm super excited about the colors!
yea buddy
Sure didn't know that its such a nice weather outside and I've been in my apartment the whole day.
Mine is mental exhaution as well as personal. :)
You're the sweetest, Courtney!
So much for sleeping late oil burner problems GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Tired of the constant "Apple" probs.
That final was easy.
that's a wrap! Principle shooting is done for the video of 'The Media Taught You That'. Thank you to everyone that worked with is today!!
Go to setting and click your username thingy or profile ! :D
Selling steak with the Myles Hayes Trio at the Chicago Firehouse. 7pm.
I'll house you- The Jungle Brothers 1988
OMG!!!! Things are getting crazy!!! And may I say that scene was actually pretty frightening!!
are you teasing us crystal?
thanks for the follow, go checkout out website !
Watching adaptation.
Ugh my stomach hurt I guess I ate more than I can bargain :{
do you see me at the airport?
looking forward to being there..added "how to write a $250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
HopSlam Carrot Cake anyone???
I use Google Maps street view to take a look at the location of historic photos several times/day. It usually provides depressing results.
In those brief revelatory moments a new woman was emerging and the healing of a bruised and tarnished soul was manifesting itself.
I see you keep up the good work. This game is a non stop grinding process...
I call BS. You my friend are a Lyre
After all my years on this planet, Im still learning how not to let my pride get the best of me :-/
Became an Aunt today & I'm in Myrtle Beach with
hopefully the #Mariners can eventually sign or find some protection behind Montero.
Yay to the tech team
It does feel good. I haven't been this size since college around 1983. (after I gained the freshman 15) Good luck to you!
damn didn't know you ever went to that,anyway are you going to pull another all-nighter for no reason at all haha
When summer hits, there is no stoppin me. I can promise u that lol
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
If robots celebrated Labor Day....
would love to!! Let's plan for the next two weeks? welcome back!!!
": If 1 mo person tell me I look like Melo ima go look for LaLa"LOL BOI who u tellin I get I look like lil Wayne everyday!!
It's the best day ever: Taco Tuesday! We won't judge how much you eat at our lunch buffet (including chicken enchiladas) for just $8.95!
what u doing tom night for the game?
NEWS Campus gas leak repairs are completed, free laundry will be gone tomorrow, campus email explains.
Love how they don't bleep a 70ish tearing marine on FOX news that's FaF
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun...wth, that's such a lie accepted as truth!
We're celebrating National HIV Testing Day (6/27) by offering 2 for the price of 1 HIV testing. Call us at 877-411-TKNO for more info.
HEEEEYYY! How are you?
Know any good wine bars in Rome you'd recommend serving natural wines?
what is up with Pujols?
Stress is the opposite of freedom
So I realize I'm a day late and a dollar short, but this switcharoo episode of Glee is weirding me out.
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions just ask me :)
O my goodness this movie just got really freakin creepy
S/O to Triple OG #ForeverFly supporter
Vernon Davis is the MAN!
Will do thanks! Just was curious
Apparently not enough according to the Energy Sec.
Only following cause I like content :)
the girl has numerous properities and houses here in Australia and millions of her own money!
Just sent information to all #DHSIColloquium presenters. Can't wait for #DHSI2012!!
On this #PresidentsDay we recognize the men who have led our great nation and we commend them for their admirable service to our country.
Accidentally created a recursive tag structure in SVN. My day will consist of cleaning that up.
dont u just hate dreams like that...
Or I could pull a Lil B. -Jul J
Bring your friends and come to the FFL to see The Help tonight at 630!
took me a while to realize conservatives were upset about derrick bell, not derek bell
ADAM RODRIGUEZ ON THE DOCTORS AMDBFHDKDTJRLELRKSS.ILRUDDGLOLFGMSVS HE IS SO FINE
Put that bra on for me, baby.
Can't believe no one is talking about yet another Buzz-cut at
« To bring out your best, avoid using sarcasm, silence or secrecy to keep others from knowing you. #GeminiTip»
Tomorrow! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! Groundhogs day Celebration @ SCC GA! Free Re-Phils of drip coffee, with receipt. Stop on up!
Smells like fall, feels like summer, AND it's Friday? AND it's October?? AND the Tigers advance??? And the Lions play Monday night????
If Texans stay healthy (Especially Schaub, and Andre), they could very well win it all. Or at least make it to New Orleans
She was way ahead on this story, deserves the prize. MT: , 24, wins Pulitzer for coverage of Penn State sex abuse scandal.
Recording Forever & Afters new song... Don't Look Back almost there!
I'm up to 80 degrees on my knee brace! Find out Thursday when surgery is.
Working late. No fun. Now welcoming and RT.
Chaminade might just beat Oklahoma. That'll be their sixth win ever in the history of the Maui Invitational tournament, I believe.
Many Thanks for the uploads. Cheers, Love!
I know right? I'm getting M lego figure ones for his birthday too!
Integrated Marketing summit Oct.8 Bringing thought leadership to kcmo.
Today is a good day for sst...nyc and big oppurtunities await us...let the fun begin!!
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuee with nothing. Look where my family and I are today.
Love isn't easy. Its a game of give and take
I am hungry as fuck ! No food at the house either -_-
updating the look of my twitter page
Cuz through the drama I can always depend on my mama <3
RT : I highly suggest the wings! SYP:Thanks for the support! See you soon.
“: Losing Larry King & Rick Sanchez in the same month...CNN dead. Oh wait, it already was?”
Dear people hating on Paul. See that red x in the corner of your screen. Press it please. Stop being pathetic.
Thinking about
have a great weekend!
Happy hour! (We started 3 hours ago. Shhhhhh )
yes love, it's working and going straight to iTunes. L.A., CA
woah... i hugged that
please follow me, thank you.
#Knock has become an official sequel to #Rising. Funny how those things happen. -JO
Just left Quinet's Court Restaurant in New Martinsville for Easter Buffet! I may not need food again until election day. Stuffed!!
Did you get anything good at Hobby Lobby? I visited Parris Island with my sister (we're down in SC).
I'm sorry brother, one will come soon trust
It's kinda awkward when your just chilling in your living room with you parents and a commercial for vibrators comes on :|
i love mrs.bev she got mr donuts!!!
Pass it this wayy! Ill pass minez GrapeApe-MrNiceGuy-Skunk OG time to fuse! RT : Juss Rolled A Fatty For Me N
girl bye!
I'm on top of the world and it's amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm just happy anyone else is wearing sneakers.
200 mph is starting to feel normal now.
Do that man RT : Sounds good. I'll keep in contact
#USAirways can't fly into DC because of "fog", but #Delta can. Strange.
So if ANYBODY talks about my Lakers losing tomorrow , they're getting cut off !
Missy Elliot Is By Far The Hottest Female Hip Hop Artist In This Game Right Now...To Me!!! Can't Wait For Her To Drop The New Album!!!
from Madison Media Institute is attending #smbmad #ford. These guys know media. Hope you enjoy the presentation Rich
Friendly reminder: do not wear perfume to any kind of audition. For any job interview. Actress cleared the room out today. Migraine anyone?
I'm still working on jewelry and I sell before I can put it on I love it!!! I'm making a special line for my sisters
I'm not a beast babygirl imma fu+kin creature....
Thanks for the follow love to send you samples of our new Just DM me your address!
Stupid boys dont know how to make up their minds. You dont get both girls, bro. You get one or the other. You're pathetic.
I'm out : I prefer shallow women.... vaginally speaking
we'll go together. I want 8 oz!!
It's most definitely what she said. lol!
Goodnight to my amazing #RusherFamily iloveyou guys!!
Wouldn't be right if I didn't wish my parents a happy 31st Wedding Anniversary... Beautiful thing man, beautiful thing..
Happy Groundhog Day- we need more winter snow
I through in a bit of Jesus Children of America and he went down like Frazier...
we need them numbers lol RT : Almost at 2000! We feel semi special!
aikido? i like it! have you ever drilled Blauer's SPEAR? It is a great concept for CQB and a great bridge to your next move!
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We save you #money on your insurance through the internet.
well now I have the tools here..can fix in a few hours..getting all in one spot has been the pain..never your phone
I looked at coverage that related this case to larger issues: patter & practice by Sanford police (BlackVoices)
Whoa don't forget the astute Prof. Derrick Bell. Probably started smiling!
my sister is such a copy cat
Trademark Research Analyst? Boring! From now on, I am The Trademark Cowboy, herding trademarks through open USPTO Federal database pastures.
You've got to see Thunder Knocking on the door playhouse in Park. Acting music..the guitar players and drummer are awesome!
Hey and - check out 's avi. That's what the dude on the shirt looks like up close.
"YOLO" is actually the reason why you SHOULDN'T be doing a lot of these things people tag it with.
Heading to Kansas City MO for Corporate Acceleration Training.
nahh she dont! no one does. and never will <333
not like a drink or eggroll. That would be messy.
Austin is getting so big, awh.
u in town??
I'm doing my best!!
And the winner is.... , thanks to all that participated! To the winner- Please DM us your shipping info!
- Sergio from UNMC here! We met at CT2011. Good to see you
Waking up next to youu >>
We just finished 6 weeks man. Loved every minute of it. How do you get to where it's consistent?
we would LOVE a class on digital marketing!
Ashley! Whats up? How you been?
Wow, one BIG diff between Seattle and Phoenix is the brightness and color.
Yep she's super talented!
I want some! : So Are Those Jordan's Gone Sell Out Tomorrow?
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival. Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
not to rush u guys at all but i hope my phone gets a call in a second cuz im tryed of watchin these hicks.
Good luck and at x games!!
Nick Can i Ask youh a Question it's an ICONic Question :D Plz :) :)ILYNickMara<3
Ah, so you gotta call me out like that now? I see how it is. I see... lol
Rub it in, why don't you, ? Still, we're enjoying Austin-like weather in DC. I'll console myself w/ a breakfast burrito tomorrow.
We will serve ice cream & sorbets at #kettlehill!
Content is king. Data is king. Viewer is king? Three different opinions
I don't know what #HIV advocates you have talked to but we are spreading knowledge about
#PPI's or #proton #pump #inhibitor #acid #blockers associated with increase #risk of
RT : Sabrina the Teenage Witch would have lasted about five seconds at Hogwarts. [lol!]
Dancing. Japanese. Sperm. I cannot even with this right now.
About to eat some fake chicken
I have the HUGEST crush on I've been watching Beyond Survival all evening, perfect night off.
Just ordered my first pair of audio cubes from ! Looking forward to playing with them
the awkward moment whenu think the worst thing is gonna happen to u and then it does
Yes, wish me luck! Same to you too.
Always be true yourself
yeah...saltwater finally got to the F5 and the M4-P had recently been dragged by a horse for no less than a million miles.
hold on judge I gotta secret document for you to read... "FIF"
Which is what I'm doing right now.
Look out for another safety here...
If he RTs your RT of his RT of you, an angel dies.
Flying to DC for work. Of all days... very somber feeling in the terminal.
Even tho i really need a bigger studio space to record a rock band for the beat but ima work w/ what the Lord has blessed me with
u proly wont believe me cuz im not andy but he says they dont tell their religion cuz it shouldnt matter (cont)
thank you for doing that this morning <3
Young Hoes pushing 85yr old Men around in Wheelchairs talking about they in Love.. That aint Love, you waiting on him to Die!
#AlphaOut. This alpha needs to recharge for a day at the beach.
=) Thank You Giannina! Appreciate the Love!
Spotify distracts me more than anything. But I can't focus without listening to a good song, so...
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading. He lives in Madison, WI. Reach out 2 him. You have benefitted.
Congratulations Jesse, Chris and Aric! Welcome to the college graduate club!!
They still make them. I see women wearing them as outerwear at sci-fi conventions all the time.
Genital ulcer #diseases like #herpes can occur in all areas of the genitals, even if covered by a latex
Lol! I didnt know so many ppl arent fans of Confessions for walking music...I will update my Zune :-)
Hey, did you make the birthday video for Ryan?
I can't stand her
Anybody on bfc??
Good luck to all those running the Lakefront Marathon this weekend!
I just meant, do *you* feel like our social media is connecting *you* with the museum? That is our goal. You!
WE LOVE YOU MORE
Happy birthday
haha, actually, she probably was!
Wow... the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs - Amsterdam Zuidoost
Check out my facebook for cool bike pictures. Road to Sturgis. Become a fan too!
What is your username?
no problem!
We will be giving away a FREE twosome to Sanctuary in a few hours!
Back home...really tired...so over drama
i </3 cigars
That's great news. Now, extend the delivery area north by about 1/4 mile and I'll be a regular delivery customer.
You better watch your back.
Great to see everyone at the #GREE party last night, thanks for coming by!
dose Yates position remind you of Tom Brady when bledso went down
Bill murray during this cubs game>>>
As are most things in life. Ill leave you with those words. Goodnight squirt!
#fiesta with Celebrating with a taco salad!
fuck summer;; skip that shit and go right to winter
drug ballad is hands down one of my favorite Em songs
thanks for the follow
Hey ! Guess who I had lunch with... Ready to be jealous? It was Yep, yep! She's an amazing woman.
That showed how the Brewers feel about Soriano.
Creative sex >>>>>
Headn to the fair
Lol He said cuffin a go is a no no. lol He not never lyin tho
lol so... Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland...?
Horrible Day today, so I got a manicure to compensate
with a streamlined notice and takedown process, infringement online would be greatly reduced
Sign up for Harriet Fulbright College's Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course and travel the world or find a job at home
You are too kind, that means everything to me.
He's actually wearing a shirt that is too big. What is this nonsense?
Thanks for spreading the word about our flash fiction contest! I hope you enter.
I don't agree with very often..but he is right this the media's fault. Voters do not care about this stuff.
One Of The Best Songs On Take Care Is Cameras.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.#HoeGoHam.Problems Bitch.
I'm sorry :'( follow my GF and I can tweet sometimes from hers
What is the world coming to?
Big Deal: Russians Court Luxury Real Estate With Record-Breaking Sales The real estate market in the United States may still be slumping,
I'm doing good.. Just got down from the mountain!! I'm exhausted :)
Did mosquitoes get placed on the endangered species list? This insectless Wisconsin summer is kooky awesome.
I guess I'm over 40 and tryin' to be cool. Love hangin' at 720
It will be a good game! Although Kentucky obviously has it in the bag.
ah okay. sorry, i don't see anything else there. there are some email addresses you could try in the pdf?
I was happy with her choice i just wonder if she will change her mind next season. What did u think?
Check out the Brand New video www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
just busy with school & getting ready for an event tmrw.
Nutella for breakfast anyone?
new bakery at 16th and Penn in Penn Arts looks lovely for cupcakes!
Somebodies being a HATER THEY FLAGGED MY VIDEO...
Irony is: no one wants the Blue Line and that's all that's available.
Thanks for the retweet, Ms. Rudd!
Forget that DQ blizzards do not refreeze well ...its like eating freezer burned ice cream
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted pay checks.
please send good luck wishes to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week!
You're welcome! Have a terrific weekend!
thanks so much! God bless!
Hey guys if you are on Twitter, you need to be following your favorite new break out band!
I may not be the cutest, smartest, or steongest, but at least im me and i dont pretend to be someome im not meant to be.
Hmm I will(:
No fuckn fair!my mom's boss get them court side seats! Can't I fit in her bag?
whoa whats that?
#makeawish you goofy bastards. Don't be selfish.
This thing on my toe is burning so bad...
i have over 6,000 views! I'm loving the site!! so much talent!
What? 1-I'm not married. And 2-I was talking about Big Bird. Now had I mentioned Snuffleupagus, that would have just been dirty!
went to the target commerical thing:)
I need to see you really soon!! #imissyou <U+2764><U+263A>
“: Why would he only work out for Denver today?I bet Elway has contract with him.” I'm sure Contract is in hand
getting iTunes charges 4 Justin bieber LOL
“: Wow Prater....you kinda sorta suck.”
Can't wait to move & get out of this city and be
<U+270A>Just ran my first + app after a long day of fighting with Oracle products.
now we've been stuck on the Tarmac for 45 minutes!
Cont. "They bark as good Old Saxon as may be, / And in more variety than we." - Summer's Last Will and Testament #comps12 2/2
Tonight at Sports, don't miss $3 Bacardi and Jim Beam!
story this morn the motorcycle cruise for Ronald McDonald house....pretty cool to see over a thousand bikers in leather ride out for kids
That awkward moment when you ask a midget what they wanna be when they grow up..
love u 2
yea I'm a fan
Why does every status have to be about your freaking boyfriend?
Live, Work, Create.
Got rid of my septum piercing only gauges &tattz on me
trying not to think o the amount of work i have to do tonight.
Good Morning and Happy Monday! Did you take time off for the holidays?
Linkfest CODE4LIB pre-con filled up. Can't register. Don't care. I'd sit on the floor to work on my LOD with available to assist.
thanks for the followback Steve. Have a great weekend!
“: I randomly #WolfPackDance around my crib because of ”
Does anyone want me to market their website FOR FREE, going once, going twice
Fun fact: 118 NBA players took an SI survey on who the dirtiest player in the league is. KG tied for second w/ Artest. Reggie Evans got 1st
Hey Chicago! Fight cold with cold...with fro yo! Try the new cherry tart-:)
My zombie novel The Dying Times is now free on Amazon, too. Retweet if someone you know may want it. I'll find the link when not on iPhone
Follow back?:£
follow back?!:)
his catch phrase is stuck in my head. Must make the call.
Hi first saw you off the tv movie "Confessions of a Go-Go Girl", you're amazing!
<U+2665> Beautiful sight <U+2665>
The fact that there is a fictional universe where Pete Campbell could be juggling Annie Edison and Rory Gilmore seems incredibly unfair.
maybe not...
I know we were, and we do! :)
Ah Just woke up...think ill eat ramen 4 brealfast...
Congrats to for becoming our 300th follower! WOO!
Sitting on your bed, thinking of one person and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
I hate baseball.
Nice way to end the half #tarheels! Keep it up in the second.
Wild day for sure!
Let me get out here in these streets.....
somebody payin to much attention to me lol jk
Everyone loves #GEEBZ RT : I am so HAPPY to be back HOME in GREEN BAY,WI!!!
I actually did re read it again buddy...lls
Giants vs Cowboys tonight.
THIS! RT : I think "sand people" is like midget now. They prefer Tusken Raiders.
Not enough time in the day to get the small things done in a day? comes to the rescue!
"Invisible Heroes" OPENS TONIGHT!! Online sales are done. Tix avail at the door. Studio/Stage 520 N. Western Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90004 8pm!
RT Hey no new taxes Tea Baggers, what ya gonna do about GE paying less taxes than those lost jobs (RE: zero)
#NowFollowing ..!!! As real as it gets...
Video of tonight's game winning buzzer beater is coming.
I just reached 666 people I'm following. Will Twitter finally let me follow Satan? I hear he posts phenomenal recipes.
I miss seeing the ShootUsDown videos when Austin & Alex lip-sync to songs.
Get to game 7 Wed. Call 503-236-4295 and ask for the "friends and family" rate. $15 for lower bowl, $10 upper
Idk wht I would do without my mom
If you don't know what I'm talking about then bitch don't comment family or friends! Ugh
Would love to set something up :)
Great games going on this weekend in a city, state, and town near you!
I LOVE YOU BBY!
Wish all my homies lived in LA too
:D thank you. but I want the real deal. Haha <3 i miss you very much and I wish I could hug you right now
Super 8 = Super Great!!!!!
If you are anything like most of the people I speak to in my own consulting business, the truth is,
MBM BAGS FILLED UP WITH FACES
Wondering how these will relate to the Video Round Table fair use study and Video At Risk study on irreplaceable VHS material
Great job the TSA (Troubling Security A$$e$) are doing. They got this terrorist fair and square!
It's a beautiful, cold day in Atlanta. Enjoy d cold & d sunshine peeps ;)
.~.-_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My brother just recorded me kirkin on him so he could show my mom -.- who does that ?
It was so good to meet you all last night; let's share some tequila again soon! you too buddy!
Lol! I gave it up bro lol! RT : I knew was hittin them NBA camps.
I heart movie nights!!! Plus yummy foods! life is grand! Happy Easter Evening!
Feel free to continue the #ypnchat all night long if you'd like! We hope to put out a transcript of the chat by tmrw morn.
i know tis is probably out of the blue but how many ppl sent a pic or mes. for the scrapbook you were makin??
The combination of MLBatbat & opening day fever broke me down. Now if only gameday batter box and the game audio would sync properly.
I kno my mama was drankin heavy wen she carried me cuz Im a lil off but Idgaf, so dont u judge me or my mama
Yea Im shooting for 1-2 brews a week for the next 7 weeks before the comps.
that's cause told us all yesterday
#Stanford defense is top 80 in country + is causing #UMass problems in half court, but they're out of control on fast break. Need to breathe
Hey Tiffy here, wishing you an amazing weekend :) Much <3 always!
way to no show us today. Thanks
If I die tomorrow, all I'll look forward to is seeing my grandmother again, finally. <3
hahah I love you, I'll see your amazing face tomorrow (; ha goodnight <3
Today is a day to rejoice. New episodes of are back!
Considering I slept 16 hours last night..I'm okay with the fact that it's 9:06pm and I haven't started my Calculus project due tomorrow.
Thank you for the follow. If you know of a publisher, let me know. Nancy
RT : Creative block: not lack of ideas, but lack of direction or commitment to go down one of those routes -
Nl home run team was awful
ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL
How did he pick you Shirl? Drawing straws or was it names in a hat?
are we sold out?
It's fine by me, if you never leave we can live like this forever, it's fine by me... <U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32B>
sharing spree looks interesting !
In Phoenix, at the airport waiting for my hotel shuttle. It's sunny, dry, and in the upper 80s. I may weep with joy.
Jazz legend Laurie Krauz has a new mobile site, text getjazzbird to 88704 to hear this voice.
#foodicon. Darn. They could've said "Whole Grains" instead of "Grains." Should've.
I'm excited to hear our support team took such good care of you!
Come to the third Floor....
Thank u for sharing my link
Dumb bitches.
P.s. Fuck justin bieber lol
“: I live life how I wanna live it..u ain't in agreement with it f*ck u!”
New song "Mut" posted!
Not the best time for #Lin to have an off night, but #Knicks still in it.
Just reached 100 followers! Thanks, everybody!
Let's Go Sixers!!!
Getting my nails did with ! FINALLY!
will do when I get home later ;)
To all the mexican'ts who do all the dirty work. Happy cinco de mayo.
hey hey!
Defenestrate - the latin derivative is venestra which means to throw something out of the window.
Swagger jack that sig...some drunk people don't know there place...hehe
Tweet tweet
Only 1 more day until Family Day at Hartwood Acres. Join us from 12-4 on Sunday. Come watch Zany Umbrella Circus and Giggles the clown!
Dislike being Bright. Having marks from anything... Car Door blew closed on my leg now I have marks on both sides it didnt hurt tho. O.o
me 2.i know we have all met him thru his music but 4 some (like u and me) we NEED 2 meet him in person.
hahaha it was to make all Americans be Christians! Basically a dictatorship!
idek where that is. I'm from Oakland, ca.
Glad to hear it. Keep on a-rocking.
Start off the weekend right and get our grilled swordfish Torta with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and COA mayo!
I am thinking about getting a Ford E-350 XLT Super Duty for a new car!
#nowplaying grizzly bear southern point
not sure if "electronic sushi" is the way to go. I like the name though. Hm....gives me a great idea for a new role!
Xbox 360 ELITE and a Lifetime Traffic Edition TomTom GPS TONIGHT!!!
ah, got a good sweaty workout in, now i'm ready to, uh, um...i have nothing to do.
tell idiot pfsr to look at the price of natural gas vs s&d. Prices super low, supply is currently very high! Duh!
Raining hard in #Philadelphia right now. No on-location shoot today, grrrh!
"We are a very artist-centered institution. ...And also, audience-centered." (As if as an afterthought) Common to
| Thanks for the follow! Let's talk!
FUCK #Brady life goes on,yep,life goes on
Only if you smuggle in pupusas that I can eat under the table.
are you all dating?
Chicago recruiting event on 9/30 to interview engr, product dev & IT professionals for jobs Chicago area Email resume
I hate fighting with the one I love the most <\3 I'm sorry Jason
“: so bummed. can't go to Columbus this weekend to see :( gonna go cry now.” no!
I didn't realize it was your last show!! Break legs man and leave it all on the stage!
Drinking the pain away, sober gone far away.
Whoah! Your band plays musical instruments? That's so retro.
peace bro!
Baking with Rinnah for her Discovery Day, costume parade at school, party for Rachel's class, and a meeting - going to be a full morning!
the more drinks I have the more lag I get...and I'm not talking about poker
back behind bars?
We're moving into a world beyond language, my dear. :-)
Looks like I won't be sleeping tonight. Grandparents have the A/C TURNED OFF!!!!
I want a nandos to you little shit!
Hi spider, nice spider. Let me pet you, with my shoe! Haha spider, dead spider.
that's just looks so wrong. Smh
Leighton And Jason Share A Laugh
#TupacFoundALive She is probably related to Pac...
happy hangover day and happy new years
so I'm watchin syttd on tlc and a commercial for one of the weird shows comes...eeww she drinks her own urine...
How high do you think James Franco was?
very reasonably priced too.
Yes he did
lol i hope you get to meet him!
i am seeing signs of life! but waiting until tomorrow to poke more...
Just recorded with the cutest little kitten at Bridgetown!
He still needs to shave his stache. Like.. you look like a fucking Mexican.
that's the case of same names, different people. Believe me, I was shocked when people told me my book is in Barnes & Noble.
Waiting on you to get off the toilet and come chill with me
Feels like I'm treading water but I'm still slowly sinking.
imma need u not to drive sleepy..thats not wassup :/
check my tl let me no if you can collab!
Stop it! * voice*
I agree, Jeff. Seems like a slap on the wrist.
not a problem at all. I'm stocked up on my "too cold for this shit" gear.
Softball: First pitch underway between Wilsonville and Rex Putnam at WHS. Wildcats need a win if they want to move up NWOC standings.
where are you?
Welp this is gonna take forever
is the best person ever! I freaking love you. Like I can't even express my feelings. Im in shock
Az Cards at #13 will pick O.L. Or WR
#ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is . fck all that ' well , if , & but '
Thanks for the mention! Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement and EMTs too on www.CopsAlive.com
I would literally poop my pants if I had to face Drago in the ring.
. I saw that too. I guess we're not high-profile enough to know about that place.
Watch for my new posting tonight "Silver lining amongst the Clouds" Amidst my swirl of bad luck there are some rainbows! www.lifeclectic.com
For a 70-yr old, Madonna has kept herself in good shape. #dontbreakahip with those dance moves.
playing with my iphone
Put your clothes in the dishwasher
listening to your TED song remix and giggling. I'M THE CHAMP!
it takes years for some kids to get it
NF follow back.
S.O.S Email city council members! Savethelibrary.org. Don't forget the libraries!
My weed? he roll that. his heart? I hold that. His back? I got that. His girl? I am that. My role? I play that. We happy? They hate that .
not working. Plan is to start drinking when I wake up. Hit us up. We have three cases.
Would $450 dollars in gas cards help you? Tune into the CBS 58 Morning News to find out how you can win them in our Great Gas Card Giveaway!
it's 60 and sunny here in Louisville!
As Coach Bielema tweeted, the UW football games against Illinois and MSU will be 2:30 kickoffs live only on WKOW-TV!
We all have our addictions :)
thank you!!! Happy wedding planning its fun but I switched to a destination wedding so I don't have to do anything haha
Me n sleep are Always at WAR!!!! I should be the new spokesperson for INSOMNIA!!!
Shidd whatup Cedar Green... What the lick read ?.
Hands down this panel has the highest attendance. It's packed in here - desegregating backlash
Goodnight . You deserve it
wow!realy??:o!!will u go there??
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m. Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction <3 And my life was officially changed <3
675 miles logged before we cross the California border. Yeah, we're squeezing every drop of joy out of this state that we can...
Demosthenes~ There is a great deal of wishful thinking in such cases it is the easiest thing of all to deceive ones self.
Wishing I worked near WholeFoods so I could have one of their tasty soups on this frosty day!
it's never too late!!
Visiting SUNY Purchase today
' I swear he stay wanting to argue. . . .
If you're going to faceplant while jogging, try to avoid landing on your i-phone.
I personally don't want to think about this one too much after today.
#tu320 prediction # 11 - we wont see all 10 based on these questions
My day already starting off bad! But oh well maybe tonight will be more easier cause i will be talkin to my babe
My pleasure! RT : Thank you for a great panel!
haha so true! My friends don't know mine lol :D
won't RT or reply to me :/ guess tonights just not the night.
I can't wait i want to participate so bad, sat i have to be home for this.
but the way he's doing it is for the best. Not like "oh im gonna be just like justin"
u did a great job!
our pleasure :)
Omg, i had the BEST dream EVER last night! I met and it was amazing ...
I help my sister wash her car and what do I get? Sprayed with the hose.
Just almost beat this level in where's my water that I've been trying to for fever and lost... Literally about to have a melt down.
We've been friends since 7th grade. She's like the other half of me, and the opposite of me at the same time. Very special.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it. - William F. Buckley, Jr.
b.... im da man yeah i said it
Your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick .
looking forward to my six mile high pace run today. first pace run of my training. shooting for new #PR on 5.12
Loving this tweet..Self righteous morality is jealousy with a halo--HG Wells. ..couldn't have said it better myself..LOVE IT!
Happy Fourth Of July to Everyone..Have a Safe Holiday!!!!!!!!
Have a great day world:):)
Keep your eye out for a brand new UWeekly hitting stands tomorrow for your chance to win some #freecash!
if you drink tea what kind? I've been trying to get into tea bc I'm sick of coffee but idk what's good
How about Montreal?
That moment when you want a cigarette so bad, you don't want to quit smoking anymore <
Goodnight world.
ohh please NO, bears are my team.
u don't need the cig homie :(
Complaints galore today, thanks everyone! LOL
It was dissapointing because I wasn't invited. I guess Seth is not ready for all of this.
love me love me say that you love me fool me fool me go on and fool me
Big K.R.I.T new mixtape raw.
We love it! MT : Hey. Alvin Ailey is not a luxury. That's a necessity! Plus I'm bringing the 5YO. She loves dance!
please follow me
Sometimes, places know it's your birthday RT Giving away #FREE Chips & Salsa to 1st 50 tables each day between Today & Thursday
I hope everyone is having a good day
Watching the on WGN, the Cubs network, because I very much dislike Chris Wheeler
Who's getting voted off?
Goodnight Moon. (Virgo Full this am!)
Another great line delivered perfectly by Dame Maggie Smith.
my little cousin Guero bday party next Saturday ! can't wait.
I don't know who's winning the Kentucky derby, but I do know is knocking Miguel Cotto out tonight
Eh. Agents are agents. There's a lot of agencies that represents athletes from multiple pro leagues, not surprising he got it.
Probably not the "cool" answer, but I'd say books. I always buy books. That or clothes.
Hendo is playing brilliant
Yeah, sounds great. I'd be in to something not too long that ends up in a lake or something.
Watched the Summer Girls video by LFO and was given the gift of laughter once again. Those lyrics are the worst!
it's so pretty. It's a monument to relaxation. Though a couple yrs. ago the meditation colors failed to calm Princey vs. Mota, ha
No problem! You'll be fine!
did someone say give head ?
Yes! The Mayan priests & scribes just gave us another 7000 yr extension to work stuff out. The Dec 2012 end-date Cal was an unfinished job.
Thank so much for helping spread the word about #mkefoodiehunt today!
Shelly goofy azz stay in folks face so they won't put her on the block. Tell me why am I watching BBafterdark right now?
Twitter has been way better than the game tonight.
I am sfo right now. I get in around 11 - and then a workshop tomorrow. Are you sving?
Play before you get played. Leave before you're left.
how does a guy get a job there?! LOL!
Regretting signing up for classes that force me to stay in the newsroom from 8 am to 9pm. Pain.
it's over lmao. And y'all still not winning anything this year
love you guys <3
No sweat. Hey, a huge part of my job involves inviting people to disagree with me. People like you help me do my job.
Isn't everyone up?
Eww, Adobe Air.
hey sexy friends, who are you following and why???
Aw...Octavia Spencer is the best.
#MahoneFact Austin has a dog named Angel.
Be sure to catch our very own tonight at 9 pm, playing the alongside & ! Gonna be a party! :)
good to know! Thank ya! X
why must I be all dat? Lol
yes. Finally a sunny day. Got a day pass for channel rides. Relaxing way to spend final day
thanks we love johnagin you are the best
I have not seen ONE macaroni card. I thought this was mother's day? WTH?
me too! Can't wait!
How Come Every Word I Say Is Always 'Talking Back' In My Parents Minds: P
BEC event becoming a bottle tax rally.
MAJOR TAX ADVANTAGE...... Did YOU know that as a home based business owner, if you log your milage for 90 days ( business and other trips )…
DQJ, Congrats. We create Twitter backgrounds for many of the Browns. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if UR interested.
Deep in the cell of my heart, I will feel so glad to go
Hi Lori! Thanks so much for the follow! I actually enjoyed reading your short post & will check out Jacques Pepin's memoir! :)
Well that goes without saying. ;)
It's all fun and games until someone gets pushed in the pool.
Things that are awesome: appreciation for what you have, finding the good in people, telling people how important they are to you.
50 attendee tickets will be available Tues at 9 AM. Room for 150, if we get more sponsor money. bit.ly/fWOb8
did you go listen to the new song?
Hey, thanks!!! Maybe now my family will be proud!
#SometimesIJustWant to close my eyes and disappear from this place.
Hm...thanks!
congrats, you're a beautiful girl, wish you much luck!
Ted Dibiase was MSW #2 face behind Junkyard Dog. Best friends, JYD was DiBiase's best man in his wedding.
AUSTIN MAHONE'S NEW SONG IS JUST AMAZING OK. LIKE IM IN LOVE WITH IT.
When pain becomes pleasure, it’s time to start over.
I'm no pitching expert, but that seems like an issue
4 showww just let me know
Hey my darlings!! How are you all?? Hope you're having a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!! Xoxo :] ~Cat <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2665>
EPTI... MEGA RUN...EPTI got reinstated by Joseph Bartel the Reverse Merger King. he does GOOD companies too..he did HRID which went to .07
tees off at 1125am coverage on at Noon
Happy birthday :)
You just wait, & w a i t...": So twitter on my phone refuses to update my mentions column, not really sure how to fix it..."
Obama extended them, so why aren't they the Obama cuts? He could use the PR.
just defined #sla2009 in Tagalus, hope I got it right!
I kinda feel like Annie in Bridesmaids. Even though I've never been a bridesmaid.
I'm proud to say that there will be a rotating trophy for the champ of this league. It's an old baseball trophy, but still.
ill give you one, ok?(:
swear to beer
If writing is rewriting then the #digital version of #California is a brand new vision. #issue1,
it was not good “: I don't plan on listening to Glee's version of "Mean" to be honest.”
I kinda have had enough of people being mean and I'm going to start tweeting back instead of just RTing things. Just to warn people.
chase your dreams! WIN "whats important now"!
I haven't seen MP, tho it's on the list. The 2-in-a-row question is really interesting re: pacing and aesthetics...
People are irking my nerves extra hard today!
Just saw your note from earlier today...I hope you DO win those tix from Y108! Keep tryin'...ya never know. :)
Heyy, Can you FOLLOW me PLEASE (:
Bahah it's okay. I was really confused at first. xD
it was an okay drawing at best would ur idea of paradise involve a beach/vino rojo/music/dancing/sunsets/studs?
Thanks for the #ff!
Which barnyard animal is a famous #painter? Vincent van Goat!
Why you all salty at me man??
My hands go up. And they stay there. Lord help me with the up down. Pray for my hands.
First RF site field training!
let me show you what your missing paradise
Its a slow evil slog. I'm literally on an island. =) I hope your Saturday is better than mine!! LOL!
If you want to cut your telecom charges without compromising on quality... call us on 0844 880 2010
The Cadets drill writer is a genius
Just booked Saturday February 5 at the newly reopened Donna's on N. Rampart Street!!! Come check us out and support the legendary club!!!
I just signed the #CutCapBalance Pledge to #SaveAmerica! You should too! via
Fashion district with megan, Charlie and Lola.
I'm not on right now, is keeper of the shout-outs 7p-Mid
jealous!!! I've never done that either...let me know how it goes
Aww I miss my daddy
thanks, friend. it was such a treat to see y'all.
Me too!! Tuesday can't get here fast enough!
movie with
u going dm me it
nothing is sexier than a girl in a white tee and raw denim jeans
except everyone but dan and I (currently in this thread) are far outside of LA... however im def game
The cavs got their hands full tonight. We hit em up.
Maybe it wasn't "an act of appropriation and power." Perhaps it was simply about survival.
what are your thoughts on US southern border control
They tell us to be well rested for OAA's. Dear school, if you really want us well rested, don't make us get up at 6:30 AM.
I'm done searching
Y'alls funny! RT : Southern Phrase of the Day :: A beautiful bride: You look prettier than a store-bought doll. cc
why you're welcome! BTW- come visit TN again soon?! && GIVE ME NOTICE THAT YOU'RE GONNA BE HERE! :P
my dad is someone i cant stand, im not even joking, sometimes i wonder what it would be like if he werent my dad/:
I like this.
News flash. Gonna be hot as fuck in LA today.
Saw #TheWomanInBlack yesterday it was pretty chill =P
Saturday,Denver Sports Nation w/ & starts on 93.7 5pm-8pm guest include &
Had a couple of parents beg me to say the big slide was closed cuz they couldn't stop their child
Got my Party Pants (also sometimes called my easy-to-squat-in pants) on. Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Imagine: Nash, Shumpert, Melo, KG and Tyson as the Knicks starting five.
This morn I see construction sites in rain.
2nd definitely ok with, not sure about 3rd, but always trust #steelers brain trust to find the gems
I believe it's impossible to have 2 faces js lol
If you live in Wisconsin and you don't know who Tempest Heat is, well then, you better find out!
stefanos performing :P
and this is CRAZY<3
OH: "I figured out your problem!!! If you spell your name like Helen Hou-Sand"& i a cute", you are bound to get gross emails". /cc
haha!! I should have known
As long as you're not the CSU Groper...
Guess I can't show up to 1st period because I'll get Saturday School. No thanks.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
fyi, stuff you share on lockerz is frequently upside-down
RT : URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR THREATEN TO PERFORM ON STAGE AT VANS WARPED TOUR 2012
why wont he give me his password but I CAN ask him when I want to use it and he WILL input it for me!!! WTF just give me the password!!!
Thanks ;] RT : I'll wait for it
cambridge Is a bitch I made my hoe
Listening to Fresh Air: Paul McCartney & Fats Waller's "My Very Good Friend the Milkman," song I proposed to my wife with. cc
Lady in front of me at Starbucks just ordered 3 Venti hot waters. What would be the payment procedure for that?
Having a life crisis :/
a ok. Voy a repesar d ciencia hablmos mañana.. Si. Ok bye have a good night sleep. :D
Thanks for the good vibes
What platform do you build on?
I think I'm gonna head to bed. Night!
this is bullshit!!
"You have to trust in something in your life"
All these white suburban fans in Denver are going crazy
Sounds delightful!
when I was younger you would know my Grandma was really mad when she woudl say ""oh Jimminey Crickets" lmao
I'm going to finish board book today if it kills me.
.I wishh I had another player right here next 2 me (: we would be fuckin shit up!
off the top: salem's lot, shadow of the vampire
The snowstorm power outage in the Northeast shows the weakness of kindle and iPad. You never need power for a book. You do need a candle.
It's dreary out, but inside it's Margarita Weather!
You missed beer week? Did you learn nothing at Wisconsin? RT : Apparently it's beer week in Seattle. Why has no one told me?
if i had one i would!!!
they're trying to slowly kill me this week.
Grandpas visitation....
That is a really bad movie. Just press the mute button when watching it.
Really? They were chanting Beat the Heat in Indiana? Careful what you wish for!
I wish. I'm pretty sure the non-compete stuff only lasted a year. Too bad I'm a decent sort of fellow.
lmfao why does his name matter ? He's an middle aged brown guy.
"A Trip Down Superheroes Blvd" accepted to the Hollywood Reel Ind Film Fest, Dec 14-16, 2010. See teaser trailer (attached). more soon...
did the damn thing!
ok I have a good question what else would the texans take in the first if not a WR TE ? Safety LB
tell your Grammy to hit me up
wow, there are a ton of cool people coming to our show on 12/5.. Hope i dont get too starstruck before we go on.. bri
good job.... Keep up the good work
Hawk's Bar & Grill #Madison #WI, sign A United Wisconsin to recall Scott Walker petition at midnight.
she sure seems to think so!! Check some of the tweets I'm cranking out. Thoughts? I'll invite her to
fresh outta LA and my ears are still plugged lol back home and ready to get faded with
She keeps me on the edge of my seat but never fails to disappoint me
#ElvisInAltanta, any elvis sightings in atlanta, lets trend this topic
Shannon Smith Friend me, I have a question for you.
:( Feel better!
Welcome back, students! Enjoy your first day of classes despite the lousy weather!
yes yes!! Please come then!!
Cool dress Carrie Underwood. Good choice to sing with the legend.
Thanks for the mention John! Have a great weekend.
ILoVe that face of yourrs(: Whats your favorite word ??
A thousand words will not give so profound an impression as one deed.
Thank God Its Friday .!
We've developed a specially priced Diet Stack with three of our most popular items: ThermXX, Max Cleanse & Lean, and Max Lean Daytime
Absolutely!!! I'm also coming with my MogulMediaTV Team :)
no, but I'm done with the backlash of me having small moments of venting. Opinions or not, obviously I frustrate people.
Twitter agrees, Ned. Twitter agrees.
That's a great idea. I'm feelin kind of zinny today, What do you think about a Zin and a port?
gym? Check...breakfast? Check.....now read for Sunday Funday!! Ready for the #celtics to get in the #Hawks ass!
I knew we'd get there!
welcome to twitter sir!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
City-Utd this afternoon will be a nice study break
Understand that many people are less likely to buy when they feel like they are pushed to buy
Stupid questions receive stupid answers.
We think you're hungry too. Come grab a bite to eat!
speaking of Nigger. I dont like
Does anyone know of an aggregator that pulls in , and hashtags?
tax cut targets middle class, but an increase of minimum wage to $ 20.00/hour + would improve quality of life for the 99%
RT : There is only one & now you can follow him on twitter.
Excited for that Wiss home game tonight...time to make moves boys!
so sweet be safe.. I love you all <3
whoa mama. Language. Talk like a lady!
So got two baby showers to go to this crazy baby stuff ain't cheap
The more I live the more I realize I love country music.
I think Munchie might come over this weekend, :)
would make a perfect couple with RayRay or Prodigy.... #JustSaying Lmao I just noticed too!!
There's a big celebration going on around here as we toast to Coors Light becoming the #2 beer in America!
is there any place to buy non gmo seeds locally?
So Bored ._.
: My 6 yr old - "Mason said that everyone he touches turns into a Duke fan. He touched me! I don't want to be a Duke fan!"
Too many apps connected to my twitter account, revoked most of access. Lets hope that solves the spam problem.
After watching the special on #Magic last night, I'm pretty convinced that Cookie gets wife of the millennium. Great piece by ESPN.
no one else can see the tweet, but they see his face.
wait wait wait... when was there a SF location created? Closest one I saw to SF was San Jose. . .?
RT : that's why I'm glad for , he's such a good leader
Word.... RT : As Pete Prisco just said, Ted Thompson gets it.
yeah like 15
you wash? Lol
Come and see me perform live at the Bang Theatre in Hollywood Jan 28th in our Live Puppet Improv Show "What Fur!"
RT : Wondering how to #tweetlikeaboss you are now!
I want some
LALakers losing vs. the Thunders...LA were really better b4
#SolarTailgate is hosted at Caleffi Solar, w/ & Ingeteam -all great #solar comp located next to ball park.
Not really": secretly, everybody wishes you were back on jersey shore."
congrat Djokovic for a great match, you remind the number one tennis player for 2012.
"There is no sustainability in any human economic endeavor." -Patagonia founder Yvonne Chouinard
THE HULK is my favorite Marvel Character! Too bad ass!
you got some pretty eyes:)
You would make my day if you came to tomorrow night!!
Thank YOU Kyle! Equally amazed by you and 's work.
Oh yeah , Military Monday ! Discount on Everything not on sale already.. Cheers
tour dates next week YES NIGGAAAAAAA
what are you doing Saturday at 5 am? Want to join us for Muscle for the Cure? :) I know you're a morning person!!
It didn't start yet did it?
that's my team. Only college team I religiously root for.
For a stale and boring team to watch, Spurs arena DJ be havin that hood shit booomin in game
Eternal peace lasts only until the next war. ~ Russian Proverb
You ONLY wanna do it.
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."
You know you love eating vegan, you big baby!
likewise! meant to check tweets each night to see who/what was here, but hostel internet was spotty. breakfast at ohare?
We are working hard to keep our customers up and running. Copiers are a way of life within business environments!
well shucks, could've sworn it was you! Let's just say it was in spirit. ;)
Why VCs Are Getting Into PR by tcrn.ch/wl73wb
Kinda hilarious that everyone in the line to get a cinnamon roll could do without.. Mean, but it's the sad truth.
#RightByMySideVideo OMG SO F*CKING GOOD.. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. DAMN.
5'2"... We're almost the same height
Join us for our Portland Lutheran HS basketball game, celebrating 70 years of Concordia heritage. 7:30 in the CU gym.
Lucky RT : Omg! Randy Orton's working out at my gym! <3333 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
UPDATE: appearance on Friday's pushed to 7:45 am Central.
Yaaay .. I get to drive home today .. 5 to 6 hours in a car . And , I'm already sick .
": That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side."
Awkward moment when Dare to Dream is being released in the US now, and I got it back in December... TAKE THAT people from school
Pacers surprising everyone? No, just those who believe that individuals can dominate a team sport.
let's go tomorrow
Really like what you've got going on on 's blog right now. Amazing content, Max!
RT : Wow - the total package. Talent. Beauty. Happiness. Adele is a marvel.
My followers are going up :)
The lovely doing the robot. Don't worry babe, I won't copy.
thanks on follow back much love
I need to get him to wear converses now, and get glasses like
How can someone contact you?
Man it's a great day, no calculus... Just English, a good dosage of the word and lastly formal. So pumped!
Interesting to find out what some people think, especially when they're of you...
Beautiful day in Detroit ...and our teams are winning... Detroit haters Now what?! LOL
Yes. RT : fair use in the classroom: should we be braver?
Looks like this one will be over turned
today: jeans, hoodie, hair pulled back, and not a speck of makeup on my face. #rainydayproblems Sorry if I scare your children with my face.
So quite possibly a lot of the Amtrak people you see loitering at the station are off-duty waiting for a train.
It's easy to find Turtle Park in Schertz. Just look for the flashing ambu lance lights.
Express Promotions is holding a free seminar at the Pfister Hotel, May 4 at 7:30AM, titled Has Social Media Changed Since You Woke Up? Sara…
classy and sassy!
Saw the #shuttle! Looking west down Spring Street
countertop guy 'you can rub a greasy chicken crotch on this all day and it won't hurt it.' who would spend a day doing that?
Darn! I wish I could have auditioned! Come to Arizona some time?
What luck!
I must go to a Big Time Rush concert this summer
Some people are pure evil. And those are the ones who are the hardest to resist.
Four Seasons Las Vegas has increased Resort fee to $25, but book with us we will pay for you. ttp://bit.ly/wbKMFr
I don't need to see the #NPC Figure girls cuz I already know the ROCK!
OMG! My girlfriend is taking me to see #BlueManGroup! Thank you !
Justin just happens to be this generations comparison. Cody may not be as well known as Justin but look at all the hate
Big game toma. I need my soliders wit me. We going for the kill...........Warriors
Pass the edge into glory. Build a Twitter country and all go live there~~ <3
should be happy today was payday. I now fully expect to win that dinner with him & Clooney.
I feel like I jinx everything...
I doubt the veracity of your offer.
anyone have personal experience with the curly girl method? if so do tell...how long u use it and ur opinion
Buzz-worthy video tip: Entertaining/controversial is good but video must have a call to action and should evoke emotion.
#ROBERTSBAD GOTTA TREND
Well hopefully the video Justin posted didn't have anything in the video cause the picture freaked me out lol
Done with the studying for tonight!! Gonna finish watching my show!!!
i want to go lay in bed and watch tv. instead I'm going to lay on the worst worst air mattress and watch netflix :(
We are only 3 students away from enrolling 300 students in our LA Program! #Volunteer today and RT to help us reach our goal!
Portland State University Women's Basketball has joined the Coalition!
why thanks love.<3
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. <U+0096>Michael Jordan
thank you
good morning Alex (:
The get my vote for best #NHL team twitter account during the playoffs. Hilarious tweets.
hey guys heard about you a while back when you hooked up with mannie fresh. What's new with your stuff? New album soon?
Nite nite pray to god daily cuz he is the source
Seriously OSU is on some dumb shit. The area they set up is small as fuck. Should've just had it at Park of roses. Lol
- Thanks Johnny! How are things in lovely Barcelona these days?
Welcome To Twitter Beyonce
Writing a bio note for Donald E. Cooke, beloved children's author of classics "Marvels of American Industry" and "The Romance of Capitalism"
thanks for the mention - hope to see you soon!
Thank you! And to Gov Patrick, ed leaders, legislators, #ece educators, advocates! Great Race to the Top event !
I dislike long work days on days off
how can you tell if someone blocks you?
There is more to be seen than with the eyes, more to be heard than with our ears, allow your Soul to Blossom.
Keep on walking through your roadblocks. When you get tired just remember you'll some day rest your feet on a footstool. Just keep going!
Even if you dont like a certain social media outlet, if your customer is there, you need to be there! -
I care but deep dwn some is telln me not to anymore
Watching DVR of Paranormal Witness, they are crazy as hell...but yes I find it very intriguing...I'm a horror writer what did you expect
Phantom of The Opera night @ the rikkimo household!!
Awe shit you know what that means ! Im home I was babysitting :/
I saw you there! I was the one dressed up as Thor!
well but this is the FIRST time a professional has asked me to do such in an event.
Everyone follow for me? (:
Perfect Weather for Grilled Sliders and Gorgonzola Salad!
So much fun playing in the snow <3
Oven-roasted thyme and fennel tomatoes for topping ricotta crostini later.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
i saved the lizard but now the cat is having an existential crisis.
Bets on how many likes today?
I'm cutting off list submissions at 4PM. Thanks to everyone who liked GDM!!
My life is brilliant. My love is pure. I saw an angel. Of that I'm sure
#Apple welcomes #Siri to "new iPad"
Yay! Jessica is safe!
beats the hell out of me. We need WRs, and we pick up some guys I haven't heard of.
Frankfurt is upon us! Kicking it off with Publishers Launch
I know! O.o
Woohoo! tkts for death of a salesman. Hello Andrew Garfield
now march 2 white hiuse 4 save our schools & children
La Divina Gelateria is serving king cakes for the carnival season! Order yours today by calling us at 504.644.3512!
that would be fun for me!
and im wheezing at the same damn time smfh
Need a massage?
Wish I had more time to twitter tonight... :(
I'm at 7th right now
Need to fix my car up
is that gonna help with a win?
i'm jumpin' in and up next!
if that qualifies as your definition of life I suppose he LIVES!
Filner said he has decided to support Fletcher for mayor .... in 2020:
"Man builds cities so that cities will build his sons" W. R. Lethaby- A quote used by the founders of Danze & Davis archictects 50 years ago
If You Love Something And Let It Go…Well That Was Pretty Idiotic Wasn’t It?
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often drain the kids.'
Border crossing: 5 minutes, thank you god!
SAT word of the day: grandiloquence (n.) lofty, pompous language
you never realized how alone you actually are until you're surrounded.
2/2 Managers could pull a "short list" of employees who completed Achievement X, use that as proxy for how they manage their talent
Did your security system screen them and send them directly to trash or "junk e-mail"?
Sunburn is never #fun or comfortable. *shaking my head* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
feels like a sword is sticking into my sternum & out through my upper back. i'll try to stop replying to as if she's twisting it
hahaha when I was lil all there was , was Barbie and her black friend
Currently, laws addressing illegal immigration permit all children to receive a public education.
Down to 8k after a failed bluff.
: A lot Democrats cared less about who was going to be running. They want the main event.
Teen farm workers wonder if new regulations will put them out to pasture
hahaha that's what I thought. Boston, MA
I don't eat beef or pork
Parking on U Street...No problem! No meter maids! Check out Twins Jazz Club..the coolest jazz spot in the city.
In 4th block n I got a sub
Fuck yeah brotha! you got my number ! Just let me know when you need to do it and we will book some time. Hope tour is good!
hahaha of course! And I bet u watched ur boys on American idol!
100 off normal price with free shipping. Not bad I guess. I'm sure price will plummet once new lens can be physically bought
I wanna talk to you so bad, but you gotta understand that we need to both put forth an EQUAL effort.
Swingfest 2010 is in Orlando, home of Disney, Sea World, Universal Studios, Gatorland, Discovery Cove, Blizzard Beach, and lots more!
The new official twitter page of "The Legendary Few". Videos and website coming soon: www.thelegendaryfew.com
late to the party but also confirming no "Teen Dream" stream in CA. I can't imagine their licensing would vary by state…?
Isn't there some sort of term limit for Prime Minister? It feels like Harper has been knocking down sandcastles forEVER.
yea I knw I ben m.i.a. Smh I jus b frustrated wit my twitter frm my phone lol but waddaup doe
Kobe finna go home and cry!
real housewives of orange county tonightt! hell yes! <3
dj needs an iphone real bad
Had no idea Anderson Cooper was Gloria Vanderbilt's son. Nxt thing you'll tell me Alan Thicke is Robin Thicke's dad.
Serious with this catfish shit Nashville?
I've forgotten how much fun Call of Duty is
I'm gonna tweet a picture as soon as I find one
driving the swagon wagon
I am very concerned by the Special Arbiter's report on staffing and security at New Beginnings.
Canceled flight? There are seats avail on Virgin Galactic. Would PR outweigh the cost? Do #Kodak #printers work in zero G?
Only 2 more days of work then vacation!
It may be raining, but your loyalty cards are still gaining double points from 8-11 TONIGHT!! Git on down here for Cowlapalooza!! Giddy Up!
I really like the packers four 7th round picks. Not a big drop gap between 7th rdrs and UFAs, but UFA get to pick where they go. (1/2)
Good look'n out Bro. Thanks for the follow.
u too homie.
I wanted to drive to midland:\
smoke some weed if you bored
For a 2 hr. #Scandal we need intriguing sexy #drinks! Any suggestions?
actually I remember that night. It was my wife's last night in Miami. I wasn't drunk because I can't drink at Mekka/underage.
KRSN back up. Whew. That was a straight up panic moment.
woot woot! If I raise the roof any higher we will be in outer space! :P
Happy 17th Birthday to me!!!! <U+2665>
what's going on bro??
seriously ur mom didn ask u to have a baby at an early age so be your own babysitter...
Word. “: RT How many insurance company ads can we possibly see??? #HBRchat”
currently pulling my hair out
Does anyone else have a book reading pattern? I alternate: literature/classic - non-fiction - easy/breezy/bubble gum - fiction, etc.
guys, ill be back in a sec
sounds like the conversation with my little one! She whispers in our ears 'wanna go to Costco?!'
the irony is i have to sleep a lot so my eye can rest but the more i sleep the more pictures i see.. the more i have to draw..smh
everybody and they momma know you thick, do yo thang boo boo ;) :******
#ImMadBecause its to hard to find a girl who would be loyal to you and not do you dirty.
Don't want to jinx it, but my regular expressions are working really well today :)
Sometimes people lose sight and worship gifts and talents God has given us more than Him. Those things don't give us life, He alone does.
can't win what you don't call
I miss my friends from NC
feeeeiwwwwwwww I'm back
needed some nutella!
and for $10? fuck yes, thank you.
Poor spacing. Battier is a liability! The Heat need an assassin type shooter
I have a team member attending Top Producer class while I take the Tech essentials class. Very cool.
aided by Betty Draper
Never mind- found out elsewhere.
I wish you woulda' told me sooner! Lemme guess, kissing wieners is too?
Got to visit Pittsburgh today and #Pitt , went to Primanti Bros and had a sandwich and Yuengling. Living in PA for 2 yrs may not be so bad.
Are you guys coming to Fame? If not, Booger Grand Opening will be Saturday May 12!
Sorry America, seems Ryan Braun will continue to crush homers in your towns! Viva Milwaukee! Console yourselves w/ a Horny Goat beer.
Shoot.. Maybe I can help! :)
CPC almost 1,000 players starting today-let the degeneracy begin
Latin Day: Learn your Clave: 3-2, 2-3, Son vs. Rhumba. Learn the basics like Mambo bell & Cha cha bell. Get the coordination down!
I really hope that was sarcasim..
Someone call me..
Never fuck with out a rubber
Kevin Millwood 7 strong innings in Rockies loss to Reds tonight.
lol how r u and how was ur weekend
Were you delayed in ATL? Thanks for a great vacation!
its not funny :( I am sad he went to Ocean city too
Ugh, i used to like Doan til the analysts started babying him
#TCTHH awesome job organizing tonight Jeff!
"Everytime I hear the term "Torn ACL", I get hungry"-Hannibal Lecter
soy Cuban jesus
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL Draft Review
clearly not a real tebow fan then
She's right. That goes for trying to do anything in this city.
Because Ryan Seacrest, Joan Rivers, and Jennifer Love Hewitt know anything about horse racing.
The flowered thing I have to famous people following me is... AND IM HAPPY!!!!!
LOL... My 1st un-parented performance at #PineKnob was #SteveMartin (Getting Small & King Tut). Now he plays banjo w/
Does MASN really have to ask the question of who the "Player of the Game" is tonight in #Orioles and #Rangers game?
She fly high, high in the sky, ho I can't see you
At #CoppinStateUniversity for the Gamma Chapter Step Presentation
you can send requests to marni [at] pivotcon [dot] com cc:
Lafayette square mall is popped
you're like beyonce I can see your halo, eyes to the sky with an ass like Jlo
who are you?
The Avengers was neither shot in 3D nor in 'actual' , yet persists in ripping off justly confused consumers.
almost not satire anymore.
In a little more than 12 hours there will be a new trolley show for you.
BAHAHAHA you crack me up. i was just thinking of your jill scott story this morning.
Nice, and good to know!
Nursing Home Emergency Plans
Uh Oh : Freddy Galvis is the opening day second baseman, Amaro says.
Children&#39;s Book Encourages Vegan Lifestyle
thanks man!
where you at
Hey Ryan, will you be on KSR in the morning?
#WorldVision monitoring massive earthquake 200+ miles outside Tokyo....CNN reporting at 2am EST an 8.9 magnitude earthquake
So excited flagship opens today at noon! Love love love this store!
This morning's fast run courtesy of my vanity, which compelled me to pace ahead of the young, fit guy I overtook at the start.
thank you!
How dare you question my uncompromising commitment to Colvon. Or whatever his name was.
#Heat outscored the #KnicksDone 484-414 in the series by 70 points!
SB63 stuck in rules committee, behind budget and gambling. Shame that child abuse doesn't take priority. keep hoping.
North Carolina's uniforms are straight
Just got my new iPhone!! =)
I am, however, confused.
right its not like she dont hav stuff to do :)
I just wrote you through your website. I hope we can work together :)
18 holes. 7 in the morning. Sweater vest. Yawn. Ah
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYBODY =D
When my dog finally gets his own apartment, I'm totally going to drop a deuce in his living room.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - Jim Rohn
When is the Jersey Laundry site going to be up and running again?
Say what you want, not many equal and no one better than Gary Thorne calling hockey.
Aoki's first MLB home run traveled an estimated 213 feet. That's gotta be the shortest first HR ever, no? #brewers #stats #twitterbinge 8/24
This seven year old girl is talking about how she has a boyfriend and how she doesn't like fat boys -____- hahaha, I can't
any est. publishers who work with nonfiction christian self help, inbox me plz.with your websites.
Mahomies NUMBERGAMEEE! follow , tweet me your number and help us trend:
I swear I don't understand why we never tweeted each other sooner lol
“You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.” <U+2015> Ray Bradbury
Noenickx hates on my life.
I've looked around a bit too- currently use Square but waiting for PayPal full release. Its 500th of a % less but it all counts.
Happy Easter(: Jesus isnt going to do anything....i promise
That's a balk.
U told me u LOVE Call Me Maybe so thought I was doing u a favor RT : love it when ppl play same song over & over
This type of night brings out a much different type of #RedSox fan! Comical the things u hear on tv tonight.
*Username already taken* "WHO STOLE MY IDEA."
Don't you just love when people don't tell you anything.... /;
Thanks Phil. Another 6 weeks of our current summer/winter is just fine with me.
I CAN'T FIND MY FAVORITE SONG ON YOUTUBE?!?! I had just listened to it earlier now there's no founds for it?!?!
Is Netflix streaming down? Tried 3 different devices with no luck.
Name a movie
Enjoying the last of the Kilschandra Irish Red tonight. Good stuff.
is on Facebook and MySpace now as well!
About to do a 4 am shed..
Look for us at the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market Sat 9am-2pm. Find us on facebook!
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
thats sweet...thank you:-) Happy vday to you!
Which is all to say that I agree with you culturally, but am compelled to disagree from a biz perspective
“: Silly boys, don't you know us girls ALWAYS find out EVERYTHING?!?!”
hey can you teach me how to Dougie???? ;) Lol
Omg chills watching on America's Got Talent!!! Go Sacramento! He's CRAZY talented, so happy to see him shine on national TV!
Call fire department. Not 9-1-1. Call your local station directly.
even the is on twitter. fear
it seemed like kramer pumped BAC today
People irritate me so much
Long lines at 4am in the airport. How is this possible?!
Wow thats a fuckn soccer game right there
#YouHadMeAt i love to cook...
do a good deed.. follow thanks, bye.
Goat Races and a mechanical bull sound like fun? They will be at LoveVoodoo Fest next week... Fun starts Saturday... WOO HOO!!!
The fact #HAPPYBIRTHDAYPRINCETON is already trending, and that his trending :o
R/T S/O my nigga did the damn fool last night, had #Bella32 off the chain, happy b day big homie....
Awesome! We'd love to see a pic!
no I don't wanna go I may drive
listed on our cd and spread to our fans as "The exclusive provider for our live event t-shirts"
Data Sufficiency problems, why so mean? :(
They're letting us place orders if we are here! Too bad I don't have the money for one. Anyone wanna buy one for me?
I'm actually going to the Univision upfront tomorrow. I don't usually watch their stuff, but am going anyway.
God please.
Tomorrow I got my aunts funeral, doin hair, and hopefully sum QT & bonding time...
thanks! Hopefully you can go next year!
What are you talking about? They've won 9 of 10 RT : Meanwhile, the #Marlins fall behind the Mets. What else is new
Excited to have 's Jim Szoke in our sports promotion course to talk about athlete media training.
RT : 5 years ago today Chicago lost Blair Holt... and we haven't stopped losing young people ever since. stop the violence.
I CAN'T BREATHE CORRECTLY RN. how can someone be so flawless. there better be posters for this photo shoot.
Mike's comeback in 1983: tore a ligament vs the White Sox at Memorial. Missed 3 months...#orioles if not for him, O's do not win WS
Still feeling the sting of last night's lost
Goodnight <3 Tommy!! =)
you need to have an active game to add players (8cejh)
I'm jealous! Have fun!
Just spent the a.m. reading Friends with Boys from start to its current page, and loved. Can't wait for more!
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
let me know when you get to
ohh i was about too say Coddy are you serious but your kiddig hahha!
Feeling grateful for the military veterans in my family. My hubby, my brother and my nephew, who is a US Marine. Thank you for your service
My iphone is jailbroken once again! I love being able to create my own wifi hotspot using 3g!
E'rybody's in The Quart'r gettin' tipsy.
Sorry I meant it not is :D
I crack my knuckles with glee, knowing that lightning bolts of utter nonsense shall soon pass through them and onto the page.
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
Hope you had funn!! (:
Hold the right ( Alt ] button at the bottom of keyboard down while you push the number 3 button that has ( PgDn) on it
Marshmallow juice? I've heard it all now...
RT : #USF2NYC is trending in Tampa! :)
I switch gears on them jealous niggas who do you fear
#20ThingsAboutMe I would do anything to be with oomf and for things to be perfect <3
Thanks for the #FF mention and compliment! Hope you had a great weekend and are staying warm/dry today!
girl u look so good I'd lick the ice cream outa ya cone while playing with the cherry
Good morning, I wish everyone a blessed day :)
is this a video?
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. - Bill Cosby
Swear I been here for ages
to get the christmas tree
Happy Francophile Friday!
That was a little creepy.
I won't ever leave you.
All money isn't good money.
RT : RT i grew up with soldiers. i learned how to die a long time ago #1vsM <~ saw this last night. such a gr8 line
c'monn even my grandma has facebook....da fuqq are these people doing?
: bought a deluxe edition DVD of The Wedding Crashers last night. Is it weird that I have it displayed on my coffee table like an art book?
Sitting at a table with great musicians. Grateful for musically gifted friends!
“: I want to take two basketballs and try and make the half-court shot.” Good thinking. Better odds that way.
I'm gud u must have been eating.....done got nice and fluffy?
Lamont looks dead today
Yeah, I gotta be stopped...
it's what's exciting about digital humanities. Always something to learn. Stay newby & ppl will teach you cool stuff!
sorry to hear about this, is here to help
Wake up the dawn and ask her why? A dreamer dreams, she never dies.
ooc; come on. So you had a fight with your man. Big deal. When are you gonna forgive me?
gotta pee.. lmboo
AWW. He had a long night! :P <3
I enjoy how it went from Whitney to "Mr. Shue has issues"
says, "Quit things that aren't working. Winners know when to quit." Is there something you need to quit?
That's the rumor going around the internet.
Dear #idolgivesback I'd be a million times more likely to donate if you didn't have Bill Gates asking me for money.
Is in US Weekly!!!! OMG. FFVBUSPX
I honestly was surprised lmao
dude. You're old. Lol.
#3WordsForYou you got twitter?
I hope the Pacers beat Miami Heat there a Cockey team they should shut up & play Basketball D.Rose is quiet they can learn from him.
Seriously watch that video about google glass. it's crazy!!!
Max B understood how to write a hook
Jesse Nickelson: How do you measure political voice if your participants are too young to vote?
Lemme get a Newport.
Dreamhack only reserves shit seats for their players at the final. Good joke.
A designer just sent an assistant to get more LaCrasia gloves for their show in 3 hours. Now that is last minute. Gloves make the clothes?
hi and thanks for the RT!
just saw Michael Franti at the 9:30 Club in DC. Fun fun fun!
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world. -Kaiser Wilhelm
West to Caleb: Yes, we're going to looking at that. We're going to do something about it. Backed up by Commissioner Scott.
Red yellow and green :D (rasta) RT : I wanna know your 3 favorite colors! Go! :)
BTW, how is "digitizing 'chinese englishmen'" coming along?
do u want me to show u the text u sent me
can u do more imagine?! Plzz :)
Thats errrdayy!! RT : Why is babe arguing with me! :O
2 Free Bud Lights for anyone using the iphone app tonight
I actually don't have a case of the Monday's today I enjoy it
so I meant to reply not re-tweet. Miss the DZ fam... how are the twins? :)
and where the hell is that
Tom Kane rocked the #VO for the Academy Awards tonight.
Twitter definitely just got some love from me.
Thank God for Google Translator! I do have one year of French in college.
it is. I be so depressed when I see tweets and statuses say I'm going to me ccw class Smh.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
YOU WIN! But really, lose. Womp womp.
Lets go
Anal Contusion
The library will be CLOSED on Mon., Oct. 10 for Columbus Day... But stop by tomorrow for live music 1-3pm!
Hello TC! I was wondering if there are opportunities to volunteer?Helping children overcome grief, loss, trauma is my dream.
“: A little movie fact for your weekend. John Cazale (fredo) was in five movies. All five were up for Best Picture” G 3 a joke tho
Got my milkshake :) Sad part is I can't really drink the dam thing.
Design continues on a $1M custom home in Rancho Santa Fe. The design team and owner met with the Architectural oversite committee on Friday.
Just hours away from rolling on the final day of pickup shots on the epic "The Garden" I'm producing! Can't wait!
getting ready to finish prepping gallery for Stacey. then we have to pick up her large photos...in the rain.
Back at ya Cindy Lee!
RT if you love
Ooh, yeah, I still love that name! :) If (and when) we do open it, will you promise to cook for a Pakistani night? :)
Mick you'll always be a headliner.
Creepy? I mean, um. Committed. Yes that's what I mean. P.s. I got you and Jen some shirts.
ya estou mesmo a ver-te daniela "hello, my name is daniela. do you like portugal? are you understanding me? I'm from russia" AHAH
a good list. Stay dry!
We're working right now to expand that chart, and if you have any other features you'd like to see please just let us know!
Some tweeps with good content to #follow:
Hey, thanks! We'll definitely be seeing you out at the State Fair next week
Boots, white dress, ALL YEAR.
Severe surplus of sober people in the stewart computer lab
snicker like school kids
I miss seeing your episode on MTv come back they always gave me hope and tips in life ^.^
Only 8 more followers until 800!! (:
I <3 someone but cant tell you guys yet:)
The 7D back and top protector were sent a few days ago. Thanks again, can't wait to see your review.
:-) RT : S/O to callin to check up on her customers :)
It is not always about saying the same thing in both languages as it is to get the same reaction in both languages.
RT - who do you think will win the soccer World Cup qualifier - USA or Mexico?
and on #TeamArie. I knew my MA sisters were beautiful AND smart!
Dear workload, please stop accumulating. Signed, the humans
torn acl for Mo ugh
Not sure how to respond... :/
Great seeing you guys the other night. Looking forward to catching up at Creation next month.
Sweet potatoe casserole, green bean casserole, and turkey ....are all calling my name :)
At the airport. Flying some artifacts home. Love my job but it is too early for this.
Tuesday's game between the Colorado Avalanche and St. Louis Blues has been postponed because of severe winter weather in St Louis.
Obsesionada con las canciones "Blue Jeans" y "Born to Die" de
So take your pick...do you want to play the Rangers or Caps?
This is very true. YOU BETTER DO IT ANYWAYS
Diff b/w "clean" observation & judgment is that when observ is clean, stdt uses senses (I hear, see, feel). #breakingtraditions w/ M.Kelly
must go to Whalen's for live music, can check schedule online, catch a tradition play at the Abbey, Guiness tour, Paddy Wagon bus tour
When are you moving to Miami? Im so happy because its closer to me and im going to Orlando in June:D
It's even more than that - there's (often, not always) a personal connection. Conversation before business transaction.
NFL GC *Gary Gertzog says there are 75 #concussion lawsuits and more than 2,000 plaintiffs. Subject of discussion for years!
Which #SuperBowl #commercial was the Best Commercial of #SB46 for you?
Fun! RT : JOIN US #HolidayHQ Twitter Party 8pm ET Tips & Recipes just for MOM plus PRIZES from
It's easy to say, 'I love you,' to someone, but it's more meaningful to thank someone for loving you
I call hax. Fake. Gotta be.
I'm drowning in the well of my sins and selflessness
somethings never change, do they!
I wish you luck Chuck. Any #Republican these days mktg himself as a moderate is a great start. Right?
Tweetdeck, what's going on here?
come over and help me study poli sci!
woohoo orange line is delayed...
To avoid any angst, yes, indeed, I have retired officially as of Friday. I will still bug you, however, as a freelancer.
Well done, emcees & !
my twitter be following random ppl and this shit would follow ...that's funny lol
: us! Come down and see us for some GREAT CRAFT BEER AND COCKTAILS! We also have some of the BEST NON BAR FOOD IN SOUTH SIDE
why hello there!
Homemade tacos for dinner tonite then me and bae chilling
thank you means a lot<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
please to mintzplasse to follow me direct msg him please buddy
The twivelege is all mine... lol.. aren't a couple twitty cats : )
OMG I KNOW!!!! lol and hi :p BUT AHDLSBNJ I FREAKIN LOVE EM AND HIS NOISE!! XD
Everthing must GO HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! up to 65% off !!! 12.31.2010 is our last day !!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
aawww, all these birthday wishes are amazing. sorry i didn't really tweet a lot, i was mostly spending time with my family
Don't piss your talents and abilities away ! Make the most of them.
When you experience setbacks, and get doors slammed In your face. Be sure to drop kick that door back open. Literally!!!
Walking around panama city beach with torre
...The last thing I remember was the unfamiliar taste of someone on my lips" #country #nowplaying pain is delicious
heck yes. Wonder woman!
help you? what? ;)
Fab fusion of elements w/ #kymandjaleel3412 Dance- great #history lesson: when song 1st released; never could have happened.
My hearts about to explode. Ah
RT #ISConf Taylor from B Wise Giving Alliance: time to "get off the drug" that overhead cost ratios are meaningful
Holy shit it's so nice outside!
Apply 2 inches of prescription organic matter around trunk, covering area where turfgrass was removed. Do not mound against trunk.
good moning #Bestie:-) another long day ahead of me, but I'm get it done! How are you doing
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people -Mr. Garrison
So workout buddies all busy. A run out in this beautiful park it is
So I have an #idgaf attitude towards ppl it's not on purpose all the time jus when I'm n an #idontfeellikebeingbothered mood
Same at 83. MT Low turnout at Pct 81 in ward 6, but no problem getting folks that do vote to sign petition.
You're at AT&T Park... No XFINITY Partnership there... although Comcast SportsNet is heavily involved. Have a great time!
Big Bang Theory is possibly the funniest show ever!! :D
finally the weekend!!
Hey sweetie
Thanks for the follow, Mr Horror! Long live NYC!
thanks for following me back again. I didn't know that you will. I guess that's what happens when people never say never. c:
City. Wow. Just wow. Love seeing the shocked Man U fans reaction upon learning of the improbable. Congrats to QPR too. Cut Barton.
what up california
RT : RT : We have a new showcase, The Wind Up on Thursday nights at 9:30 - awesome Chicago comedians!
Time to go hoop
PWG World's Finest main event was really good. Gonna watch Willie/Roderick in a bit but gonna try to watch all of KRR3 first.
Man I am starving right now uggh
I say we steal the fucken things and use them as paperweights. LMFAO!!!
Pepper needs new shorts
The Postal Service should consider eliminating Sat deliveries to reduce gov cost/debt. Should consider sale to private sector!
#cubs win, #dabulls vs heat, #hawks playoffs... And I still jones for #dabears news!
Back to work - Hello Xcode, we meet again..
Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
Also Loved Midnight in Paris....
Lol I Got You RT : you still owe me some..lol
thank you for the mention.
People wanna argue because I don't reply to a ping but Im playing music kmt LooOOooL SO WHAT! The world revolves around me in my world not U
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting about?
Sending out any last minute announcements from here...stay tuned
what u doing in chi town?
#amazing saeng!! :) you don't forget to remember me:) i'm soo touched. kk:)
Portland Zipsters: Who wants to win a free day in an Audi? Share with us a haiku for your fave Audi In Zipcarland & you could win!
thank the Lord for Bria's mom saving me from this hair catastrophe.
#craftbeer is a +1. What other perks yall got? ;-)
don't blow up my twitter with hieroglyphics!!!
hahah it's a message telling u u got std
thanks so much for talking with this morning!
#Survivor Troyzan what is up!!!
our last sunday was in January...
Just Seen A List Top 20 NFL CB's. If Brent Grimes Is #11 On That List, Then I Must Be #12. He's Doesent Belong. #Outraged!
We're on our way now. Coming from Westwood. Will you be there?
A little sad I won't be in AZ for Spring Training this year. But it'll be okay when I am at Safeco Field in April.
Don being an ass. #madmen is back.
When my little cousins come barging into my grandparents house screaming while I'm trying to nap <<<
that's right - and then I notice that I eat more than I really need or ultimately want - an unhealthy cycle - okay gotta run :D
i feel ya cuz it dont make or brake me if a mahfucka dont like which side i wear minez on i'm a still b Mussalini at the end of tha day.
How do the Seattle #Seahawks make the NFL playoffs @ 7-9 & the Oakland #Raider do not @ 8-8. That just shows how week the NFC is this year.
“: Yes!!! I am in a place in Vancouver filled with APU peeps... #feelingold” I like to think of it as being
Dude, there's legit not. Everyone looked like a total dork chasing this runaway ping pong ball all around the room.
I dunno.. you might have to beg for that one :)
Stuck offshore on a postage stamp size platform on a windy Mother's Day, wish I was home with my family.
Happy Sunday!
Oh, dear god! I just had lingenberries!
When I was weak u showed me ur strength, I'm convinced I can do ANYTHING w u! There's no mountain too high nor valley too low....
now she is acting like its all cool
Enjoying working at the celebrity fashion show! Go Dallas best!
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
thanks so much!! Hope you have a great weekend :)
are you going to be at spring assembly tho weekend?
You got your shotgun and you shot em dead.
Follow us and get more follower as we are following back at same time
Probably have to avoid Mitt Romney friending me on Facebook. RT What would you do with $500 million?
#LinkedData also goes beyond #ODBC by actually enabling "whole data representation" that exploits de-referencable #URIs, via EAV/RDF model.
I'm starting to lose interest...
Let it snow! Let it snow! Let it snow! We are closed today.
I'm gettin mine soon bro.
I think my 1 year old has an al qaeda in his diaper
Oh c'mon, I know Blu-rays weren't around back then.
Shout out to my brother everyone follow him
seems to me that more of us should write about how & when this happens to us so others can avoid our mistakes.
not on a work nite please!
omg it totally would be but it's on a Wednesday!
famous people are just regular people. why don't we get 2M followers?
is going to Bulgaria on Sunday to see family
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! I hope all of you have an amazing one!!
It's a British invasion for #nyfw. Rocking my little white dress.
I need a boyfriend like Johnny Depp.
Awesome come back ! Looks like I'm staying up a while longer.
And We're Live with the 2010 MDA Telethon!
aw : ( I'm having a moment of silence from here.
All Star team ;)
These allergies are mean.
oh good she will be home soon...
I hate you #InternetExplorer7. Still 13% of our browser base... All I have to say is using zoom:1; to fix display:inline-block; IS RETARDED.
no wonder I love that song so much!!! Phil wrote it!!!
Thanks for the props! Glad you joined us. :-)
I Thank God Today For Waking Me Up To Breath This Air Into My Soul An The Sun To Set Upon My Skin...Happy Birthday Mr. Johnson
“: $120K car stolen from Vegas #SEMA show #FAIL” guess dude felt like playing grand theft auto IRL
That is one awesome chess board
Not true if account for proper breathing. :)
So gorgeous!
GET to WORK DUDE!
On are way to get our 15 straights!
Hahahahah don't be like that
#Baking cupcakes!!!
$10 Clippers-3 a WINNER while the over falls. 6-3 on the night!
Is it possible to sneeze in your sleep? Asking since I just woke up to have a sneezing fit.
train push, learn pull; sure I can learn from training but it's my choice to do so.
Hi Dylan! I love it here!
man, that sounds wonderful right now, reminds me of the Ft. Collins days
I was thinking the same thing.
look fresh! “: "Dress to impress"...??? What does that mean?? Last minute outfit hunting with #brosisbonding”
Lol, I used too. But my sister grew out of that phase so I don't anymore.
be safe!!
What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes
Finally fixed my monitor! Took a restore point from 2 week ago & unplugging both VGA & power, but it's fixed. Now to get rid of headache...
good luck tonight <3
enjoy Pujols while you still can. He'll be in a cubs uniform next year
"Pretend to be normal." - Dexter
How people gonna put God in a sentence with cuss words..
Need an opinion. About to release our Mourn 4 original song, "For the Love of the Game." Who should we have premier it?
Back in Baltimore after participating in the 2010 St. Vincent's Medical Center Foundation's "Swim Across the Sound".
Happy Easter to you too.
Take care
June is a busy month for me my Prom June1,Graduation June12, Bday June16 and I hope I can atart Empire June18
Ha, it worked out for the Cubs, thus ensuring future bunts.
RT : Here at #jbfawards. Congrats to #btv foodie Molly Stevens whose cookbook roasting just won!
I can pick some nice movies to watch
It's been a strange winter for sure, eh? :)
Were you able to sign up at the conf? I didn't see an option on their website...
All the Sox got cold together and they'll all get hot together. Should happen any day now and just in time for the playoffs.
"Can I swear on this?" ..... his eyes looks so innocent :))
ONE MIND, ONE BODY, TAKE CARE OF IT!!!! LET ME HELP 3ARWALK3R....
Spent all day in the studio, think I'll have a new song out soon.
Country Music Marathon won by first-timers
it's Saturday at 100pm
#MarchMadness starts today, which means another commercial frenzy will be taking place. Tweet at us with some of your favorites you see.
7 more days left of school
The Truck and will both be at #Pyrotopia tonight at 8pm (at the Pump House near Lowe's in the Waterfront).
Thanks! Honestly, I do think it's quite reasonable; my hair has been so much happier since I started going to Jeny. :)
don't really wanna do it this year....but idk what else i do and you'll bother me if i don't...so i guess i have to do it.
I like boys who like girls who eat carrots. End of Story.
More than 60 percent of the food on your local grocery store shelves now contain genetically altered elements that require no labeling.
Today's Soups: Beef Mushroom Barley, Cream of Asparagus, & Chili
LOOKING FOR FOLLOWERS I FOLLOW BACK!!! #BAHAMAS :)
i just fucking love big time rush ok. #76DAYS! :D
#ConfesssionHour People would talk about me so bad i tried to comit suiside four times :(
...and snap your fingers at the rest of it. -Voltaire
M this mango berry smells good!!
CONGRATS "I'll Have Another" on your WIN! On that thought, I'll Have Another!
It's #DV awareness month. What will you do to raise awareness about family violence? Hello October!
oh shit this confirms it yes? Wtf i did not need all of that backstory and one LITTLE paragraph about them
we'll hang out soon, alright? :)
What's for lunch?
It's already midnight!? What?!?
Visit at #apsa2011! Stop by the UPK booth (332) for 30% discounts and to meet UPK director and editor Steve Wrinn!
#BadFirstDateQuestions "You on birth control right?"
i need a friend who goes to the 6am or 9am class to tell me what the wod is! somedays i just cant stand not knowing!
This song has tired me the flip out! I hope it sounds good to you guys!
Getting ready for our new event, Ink & Gold, with DJ Kid Cedek this Saturday featuring Purity Vodka and the Martian!
Editing my interview for next weeks Weightlifting Academy show ... and drinking homemade brandy
Worth the wait of a stupid replay. #Clippers up by 1 over Mavs with 1.0 sec left
Had one of those days where all I can do when I get home is look at cute dog pictures.
Well if your not going to reply then i'm going to bed. Just wanted to text you before i went to bed.(: Lol night.!
No way, 2??? That's crazy how fast time flies!
Mother&#39;s Day Gifts: &#39;GMA&#39; Exclusive Deals and Steals for Mom
Today has been a gr8 day!
The ultimate purpose of your business is to create value.
i'd laugh if I were u.
TOWN HELL Yeah I Rep The Brew/I'm the real beef in the STEW/These NIGGAS ACTIN soft but they think they real cool/But THEY AINT COOL
My boyfriend works to support me "/ ain't that'a shame!
CRAP! won this year!! ,next year please win for me! Tomorrow my friends are all gonna be in my face saying u lost!
She wants me 2 go out & get them for her but girl I can't be two places at one time. If you think you lonely now, wait until tonight girl
Yes. Attack ads must only be used on fellow GOPers.": Is Romney right to pre-emptively repudiate the Jer Wright/Obama attack ads
jaden smith is opening for one direction? jaden has songs?
Iverson pouts his way out of contract, will be a free agent by end of the week
Super Bowl Sunday!
Charles Darwin interests me, watching the Science channel ;)
the "parched" chicks
Yesterday was a big day, it marked 5% of the year passed already. So what were your goals? Resolutions? Are you 5% there yet?
I'm pissed off that ringer was cancelled!!! Does Bridget get off the floor!????
your an amazing woman, hero, mother..dont let no body put you down....i love you soo much <3
I'm thinking about Central Asia for my next trip but first Hanover this weekend. too bad I won't see you. when baby coming?
no donuts for you gerald
Hey Derek, thanks for the retweet!
People still go there Bt it's boring...
hey, I love you too. Even though this isnt really working.
No way lol
Watching #MNF but thinking I've accidentally switched to The #Poseidon Adventure on #TCM. For #cripes sakes, a transformer went out.
And i dont look lik crap? What..
I didnt cry once today. I did come close though. Regardless, im proud of myself.
Thanks Mark!
Early wake up call at 6:30 from the little one=more #coffee...then church
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity. You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
hey man
For those who are curious, our BracketBuster game vs. Fairfield should be a 3 pm tip. Look for official release tonight or tomorrow.
idk but imma start crying soon im watching titanic
are you here in DC for the #frenchmarket in #georgetown? Or maybe its the Correspondence dinner...
Mother of Mary...
Check my video out on youtube.com under tessiyah...fck your last girl. Come back to jojo marvins room
FUCK SPECIAL K AINT NUTHN SPECIAL ABOUT HIS ASS EXCEPT THOSE BIG ASS TEETH HE GOT
#Follow some good friends of mine
I miss the old days when we all use to rock adidas
You have none!
your icon is not creepy if you dont want it to be remeber "your own swag;its what you want"- spikey mikey fusco :)
Oh, is that what we were drinking? It was lovely!
rumor has it that you're returning your iPad? a little birdie ( ) told me. I do NOT approve
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy but here's my number so call me, maybe?
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned.
Never, champs forever.
Therapy harnesses healing power of horses
Good luck! Let us know if you make it! Happy Friday! :)
I really appreciate Mariana's Trench and I am so jealous of my new friend for winning bamboozle tickets.
that's a combination of two swear words
I certainly do! It's been difficult being out of town so much but I definitely want to ride this summer. There's no way to
fabulous! Can't wait to receive an update!
The Acclaro Twitter account was hacked. Please DELETE any DM w/link sent from us this weekend. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Hm having some troubles but that wont get me down :))) Also is glad Johnny Depp won for best actor on KCA! :))))
what is your technical address? I'm doing 's taxes
ily. I felt like I had to say that bc I'm not too obsessive anymore. Youll always be my hero and I'll love you FOREVER<3
Seeing HP7p2 in preparation for Harry Potter World on Monday
Office meeting today. Keeping open the line of communication is helpful for all employees. Reassessing once a month is good too
ya know. No. But I was a little less Brit. I was way more
ooh great idea, I'll try too..
some of the truest shit you ever said T
so you know if its meant to be or you can love the person for the rest of your life.
All marry couples need a pre-nup so that way there isn't any bullshit if it doesn't work out
Find Your Own Swag.....
Who is the biggest surprise in MLB so far in the 2012 season? Colorado Sports Organization | Extra Innings Littleton | Colorado Rockies
Yay!! Goosebumps for you over here! Another girl!! Names???
How many of you are downloading Instagram today?
Bald is beautiful.
good how are you.
hmm maybe ;) i'm talking with this company. we will see.
Watching the #B-52s at
follow me girl mr. get loud all day
Social by the Numbers: Demographics Across Verticals j.mp/vcDfDW via
Day 4 without dessert. I will shiv you for a piece of carrot cake or a piece of white chocolate raspberry Napoleon.
Checking out #Google+ & it seems really intuitive & sleek.... But can it topple Facebook? uumm doubt it.
ahaha really!? :"D if you do thank you so much and if you wnat i'll try to get lady gaga to follow you :}
when is it my turn to be pretty already :(
What a perfect day for family, holidays and ICE CREAM!!!
Click Clack had a busy weekend that included Chuck E Cheese and 3 nieces! Orders will be sent tomorrow!
Watching this doc. on the watts riots in LA with my pops.
yea that's cool ur mom can email if she wants - use the email on the site - thanks
you sir are a genius.
Congrats to I'm so proud of you.
text me i have a question lol
got your stickers in the mail today, thanks. I'll find some good places to stick 'em
": Sipping on my Sangria"yes :-)
"We'll reconcile by winning." Congrats Kimmie! MU legend!
or how abt u snooze u loose:)
gonna work off that #wine and #chocolate with a sweet air guitar solo. Lol!
A small number of San Diego police are massing near the eastern edge of the Civic Center. #occupysd protesters are draining water barricades
I have family up there. Need help? RT : My husband's stranded in Irvine with no gas and no cash. Good times.
Smh you kids have
Samsung unveils quad-core Galaxy S I with 4.8&quot; AMOLED screen - Apple Insider
Gosh, who thought that was a good idea?
How many can follow me in one day? R U up 2 the Challenge?
hahah shure it is!!! ;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!
What's yummier on #TopChef Masters, the food or #CurtisStone?
Like the jacket and the Red Adidas!!! Then again you make Mud look good.
you must the ghost faced killa
Wow. Hang up on me.
Sign up until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Bounce for Autism THIS Thursday at a PUMP IT UP near you! Money raised goes to Autism Society of America.
Finished with my first film audition party time! :)
Wheatley: Instead of challening insane systems, instead we maintain close watch on our own personal sanity.
Lots of snow here in St. Paul!
damn. gotta play the lottery, start some sort of moonshine biz or strike oil in my backyard.
I SHOULD GET OFF TWITTER OMG
“: RT : Goodbye Houston.!< u comin to Dallas???”yes mam
Come check out the rest of my #openhouses for the day! They're going from 11am - 3:30pm. RT if you want the addresses. via
Thinkin bout recording some music
Riviera Spa is now offering Organic Hair Services! Performed by our Award Winning Hair Artist Alexander Antonio!
SO to my brother the rockstar MT is playing with , , and Cory Chisel at
hey guys im bored......If u wanna hangout..call me....
if i didn't have a wedding that day, I would've.
#WeWontWork if I can't see my face in your shoes.
: it's 8:46 pm... D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11.. WTF???? Dumbasses! Idiots!!! Every day the same thing!
:D RT : & I are currently making 's bracelet (:
I've been waiting a week to hear "heard it all before" on the radio. Sunshine Anderson
Gavin was the dancing sandwhich though aww
Keith Seabrook, also with the San Antonio Rampage, has one assist in three games during the playoffs
Just retweeted my official John Varvatos promo video everyone watch it!!
Thanks! It's always amazing to hear what people think about our music.
I heard you should right down your goals.. If you don't they are just dreams, they will only stay in your head... Lets go 2012
was 100% sure I was not high before watching that video. Now, I just don't know.
SHE THINK SHE CAN SING LOL
IT'S THE AMBERLAMPS?
Time to research scholarships using the skills I learned my first semester.
we do both auto and home...it was home in this case.
Sending off proposals to potential new clients. I'm feeling confident that I will have more new clients soon!
Held a great workshop at UNSW with on youth & technology research yesterday. Today it's a workshop on sexting.
we would know!
Cards win!!
Get over yourself.
Damn. I finally got the little shop of horrors song reference in family guy.
Take your meds
Let's see how you feel when I 'don't mention' something to you...
oh my gosh this is amazing, im a fatty cause i got two wraps haha but yes this queso is delicious
i cant wait to listen to you on its going to be so exciting that tomorrow right?
Hardest part about recovering from back injection is wanting to get active and having to wait... need to take it slow.
Gonzo tells story+Rizzo eats+Absent-minded spirits visit+Belle(Miss Piggy) is jilted again=THE MUPPET XMAS CAROL! 6pm~FREE~Carlsbad Library
It's about time I started shaking hands and kissing babies
And the people said to Joshua, "We will serve the LORD our God and obey him." Joshua 24:24
We think that fetched a pretty penny on ebay.
I partied with the Department of Public Works in a secret underground lair so we could get ready for the Marathon!
Aww, You too, Mega,- and thank you both!! It's a good day when you can see 's sunny face in passing :)
How did it go?
Are compact florescent bulbs supposed to flicker? Mine are, and it's driving me crazy! Any ideas?
Can't believe my internship ends in a week--then back to school. Senior year here I come. Bye fisher-price. :(
yeah he followed me after he tweeted me both before school
we might be working on something together. I like your grind.
I.M.Pei Building China Modern is starting now on
Just realized my boy Stack Jack unfollowed me!!! Say it ain't so
Why, Oh Why can't you fix your website? It's been busted for months.
Same here. And I've enjoyed those events, but mostly because I get to chat w/ chip engineers, etc.
Thank you to for donating 3 flats of petunias to the #SilverSpring Garden Club - we'll plant them at Holy Cross Healing Garden
I really like having a beard because when there's a day I'm not vey productive I can check "Trim Beard" off my list and feel accomplished.
False - labeling is only required when the modification could cause an allergic reaction.
www.kandizone.com lying is lying no matter how you justify it!!!!
Use your noodle today and come taste what's new 4 amazing noodle bowls, pork belly, lobster, chicken thigh, ahi.
Best part of an office in downtown LA is getting there before 4 and being forced to work until 9 because you are trapped by traffic.
Would the #Dolphins give a #2 this year & next? Philbin know Flynn. Camaraderie is vital.
..we always talk about how its so drama filled so what good would that do? I get there we date for 3 weeks then ppl start rumors we break up
No matter how good the review, if your print-on-demand book has a horrible cover, it's not going to work
Didnt know you use this too. The whole crew is almost here haha. Except . Huge loss hahah.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. -Camus
LOVE that scarf in your photo!! :)
Any creative talent looking for a #freelance gig in metro #Detroit? has you covered! DM me & let's talk!
<U+26BE><U+26BE> baseball <U+26BE><U+26BE> is my favorite sport.
have you met ? He's the guy whom I heard about the earlier tweet re: infrapreneurial role in NYC
Just heard a remake of a song from the Little Mermaid and it sounds terrible!
Let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
First frozen custard of the summer. Yum!
shoulder pain :(
i use it more as an archive of things i might need to recall later (like random stuff you bring up in cafes and can't find, etc)
#FF (other Compacts):
NO NO is expecting. I will be in NOLA w you & a hurricane! RT
Help! you know of any local concrete pros that could do a custom cast fireplace surround?
I dawg tha bitch u call tha bitch I hit tha bitch u miss tha bitch if thats yo main what is she to me?
Trying to do a little pinning here and there, it's so very visual. It appeals to my crafting and cooking alter ego...
Finally got a twitter:) maybe that will keep me from getting blocked:) haha
Back to the school grind. Third degree program in 6 years has begun. My head is not in the game. This better pay off...
Sad, but true!RT::This Seasons contestants have DESTROYED #Spirit of BIGGEST LOSER!!!
Oh thanks for sharing this!
My Tripp was featured on Goshen Animal Clinic's Facebook page today! He's just so handsome!
so proud :') happy moment. From baby to boyfriend. I love you, rt?<U+2665>
On what the first blunt a nigga smoked wasn't grass
HAPPY NEW YEAR TWEET PEEPS!!!!!
SMH!! How many frogs am I gone kiss before I find my Prince???
never got it
The famous quote about conquering something "because it was there" does not apply to Spam sandwiches sold in malls. Danger, Harvey.
Why the fuck can't I ever sleep??
Wiltrout says there are 4 characteristics of a strong brand: Simple, Authentic, Relevant, Distinctive
Love that Detroit mayor Bing responded to the Robocop statue issues via Twitter
New champs!
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!!!<3
Travertine floors...we got it! Check us out at www.elemetsfd.com
RT : Check out the today at 7:50pm Central time tonight to see Kathleen.
Haha well deserved, sir.
did u eat some free for me yesterday? Heard lines were long? No line too long for that froyo!!
hey DM ME
Seattle charges $3 xtra to pay a parking ticket online, but a check (which requires more labor) is free.
Ambush marketing. Thoughts? Legal implications? Looking for any really good literature and insight. Thanks in advance!
TOMORROW: Wisconsin night at in Arlington! Join us 6-8p for frozen custard, games and prizes. www.thedairygodmother.com
Blisters and bruises and back aches...signs that the derby season has begun.
:) that would be the name ;)
Im a slave to my studies and homework tonight.
Woot!!! You're going to have a blast!
Finally honed my Facebook timeline to weed out grad school statuses, kid pics, and food pics. I think I killed the IPO.
Such a slacker- forget to mention I scored two books from a kind friend on World Book Night. Happy!
damn, im jelious.
Job interview with Seven Questions this afternoon... now, what on earth will those Seven Questions be?
RT : REMEMBER WHAT JESUS SAID ABOUT GAY MARRIAGE: ______________________________________.
Hey Mike, Thanks for the mention, why don't you DM us your shirt size so we can send you something to the UK from Los Angeles
#sla2010 #dsoc Nerida Hart we are a trusted profession "thank god you're here!" is what our users/clients say when we arrive
Going for a smoke break cruise
I wish I had the balls to put "damn, that shit was dope!" at the end of one of our songs like NWA.
How did the title, "Peter Gun" get past the censors and make it onto 1950s American TV?
Missing Nyoka who's off to D.C. wth an old friend. A much deserved trip that has been a long time coming,
:) are you old enough to even drive??
Here I am with a degree in theatre & a mile-long resume, but Kim K. Gets a lead acting role.
me too... I have to say I like Bobby in there over Teal, but not CJ :)
Awesome games!!! congrats on your "winning" streak!
Oh yeah & I also met you guys exactly one year ago :') aw
pretty sure that positioning calls for a PG, but gota give props for the unstoppable OMG hotness train!
“You’re only two years older than me. Darling, where have you been all my life?”-Christopher Plummer, 82, after winning his first Oscar...
With all the support to end rape in wartime, we have to also pledge to end rape wherever and whenever it occurs.
as long as they know what they are doing and have been trained appropriately.
#NW Player's Club
thanks so much!!!
Let's set a speed record. Next 10 iPad owners to get @ me will be gifted a copy of my new storybook app. RT if you like! No restrictions.
unfortunately it was from 2-4. It's through southern, three times a month by serafin, their master sommelier
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 6
Thank you for the follow! Will be meeting you soon @ !
And my iPhone reminded me to get gas when I woke this morning #winning Siri is the sh*t
Thanks for the #FF, Ruel! Have a good weekend!
RT BREAKING NEWS: Baltimore County Police make 4 arrests in the murder of a man outside #Towson Town Center. (cont…
Women should WANT to cater to their man, NOT be obligated to
Every one go follow (:
sports loses a great voice, a great person - RIP Jim Irwin
I have self entertaining older kids who sleep-so I like breaks LOL but it is me trying to talk myself into loving 10 ENTIRE DAYS
I'm wait for new tour schedule. (:
I love summer!<U+2665>
sry. It took me some longer
Those folks are limited to #firstworldproblems in their lives. Srsly, all but one of my neighbors drives a Lexus or Mercedes.
will do.
thanks for the encouraging words my friend, miss my miami fam RT“: Mu brotha....you will be there sooner than you think!”
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
They won't. So they'll get thrown into another black hole and just get further and further away from us. It's a perfect plan.
I just saw new avatar and laughed. Aloud. Brilliant and well played, sir. "your technology frightens and confuses me."
"hold on for one more day!"
Got me some wine.... Bitches love wine
You are welcome. We shall do it again. Naps always help refresh.
sorry we were hacked yesterday :-/
Query: does "absolutely no alcohol" (Dr.'s orders) extend to the liqueur in chocolate-covered cherries? If so, fml
me and watts gonna come get some forreal
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
watching watch legends of the hidden temple. hahaha yes.
Ooh, thank you, ! Very cool graphic for reflection with mobile devices.
Signed on to a dating site as a mild dare. Have discovered self to be blahzay blahzay about the entire process. It's just not my thing.
HEYA IM ON TWITTER NOW TWEET TWEET!!!
*twinkle shimmy*
Have a fun and safe New Year's Eve! What are you doing to celebrate?
wish you were
stayed tuned for the latest Jay Leno Davie Brown Celeb Rating in WSJ coming SOON
Santa margarita wins, 4-1 the first #CAHA high school hockey championship
good idea! Dwl
The Occupy Movement May Be in Retreat, but Its Ideas Are Advancing
Whenever I hear the music to #BBCnews it always - always - reminds me of being overseas. Holla!!
My dog just killed a bee for me in my apartment
Not at all!
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your input. Keep tweeting.
amazing collection of Mantero Fabrics posted Our exclusive partnership offers great inspiration aligned with 2012 trends
I sure do
8:21am on a Saturday???? No spank you. Back to sleep
Winwood is where it's at tonight
Love letterpress, and these invitations are absolutely gorgeous, congratulations!
haha having some troubles today babe or what? How you been?
I Want Some Vanilla IceCream (:
if we loved again, I swear I’d love you right.
Need to pick out a casting couch to go with my new SAG-AFTRA producer status.
that's how we do it down south
I don't think Nicolette's voice matches with her looks. Just me?
Honestly, I don't need someone who sees the good in me. I need someone who sees the bad and still wants me.
Goodnight twitter world, may everyone find a safe place to sleep tonight.
Is holistic thinking a bad thing if it makes me unable to focus on the most important part of a project without pulling in other details?
You ROCKED it on tonights episode. 1. LOVED that you actually talked lol and 2. Awesome duet song you two did... It was SICK!
Kinda lost count of the dreams I've had of u but they're all good :)
You can't lose something you never had.
You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
500 followers! Thanks everyone. Go Twitter!
Thank you! Red Velvet is one of our favorites too.
Heading to San Antonio Wednesday :-)... Any suggestions?
There were model Metras, Amtraks, and freights. One table had Lionel model trains, the other had KATO model trains!
thank you. Thats All mic right there!
He needs to just do his presentation. Too many sidetracks. Also write a better presentation.
Hmm, they must have been close to my house. They were really loud.
Thanks! That was fun! danielHERNDON: Cool, just saw on !
I am hungry...
New post: Garmin GPSMAP 546s Color Marine GPS / Sonar w/o Transducer
I've been playing my "last day of school" CD from 09. It still bumps.
4/15 Dont miss it! and the WA High School Cycling League, Mountain Bike Racing Series, race 2
#Dignityofwork Or the years I spent working as a housecleaner, scrubbing rich people's toilets. As dignified as a Winsdor.
Going to basketball practice. Bye
America Beer on tap. Broken glAss in dark alleyways. Sacramento. San francisco. Locke.
praying for your family especially Rick.
awesome! glad to help. would love to go to BC..what's up w $300 student registration?! shall we copresent somewhere more affordable?
its alright an are u going forgive me
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence
Sleeping until twelve today was probably a bad idea. Can't sleep now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
then you must get bored alot (:
I can't figure out discernable patterns among my readership. I am continually mystified.
Love it!!
Waiting in like to get "smoked" by a Windows phone. I was promised I'd get a $25 gift card if I lose.And that I wouldn't be in a commercial.
loves listening to the Yanks on WCBS.
Gov of Ark
Now Following !
YAY for henry!! come be on my show! #1 show in detroit. thanks to the mommies:)
HW should rename all their remakes CLUELESS. You know, like Alan Smithee for a director who doesn't want to be associated with a bad film.
Up early in the morning did the Hollywood club thing. Shook hands and met a couple of LA connects ya know.
also highly relevant in 1Q84: the word processor, something which I'll take up at 2013 Eaton/SFRA conf (in your backyard)
Rain/storms are done. That was interesting. Wow.
Great q- they may not nec care, but diversity of perspectives would lend a richness to discussions
Spinkles cupcakes are good, I'm not sure they are worth a half million dollars!
The wierd moment when someone's zipper is down & you don't know whether to tell, because you can't explain why you were looking that low"
Seattle friends: get yourself to the tonight. It's going to be a fun show with ! And bring your cameras.
. WI primaries are open so u can cross parties when voting for different offices, yes. Can't vote for 2 ppl for same office, tho.
Sorry that Fish got the worst of it. Standing up 2 bullies is every1's duty even when they have a badge and a gun. Thank you Fish!
Washington County BOS closed session to discuss annexation allowed by statute allowing for discussion of potential interlocal agreements.
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might. -Henry David Thoreau
hey there how are darlin?
Haters come in all forms, shapes and sizes...
Ugh , freaking Erik is annoying .. -.-
Hope they aren't playing themselves out of the playoffs. Still can't believe they would let a runner steal home. That's CRAZY!
High-pressure drive-by status check, last-minute meeting cancellation, unsolicited "let's see how bad it looks" art direction. HAT TRICK!
what song?
How come my brother has a girlfriend, and I'm single? Not acceptable. He keeps bothering me about not having a boyfriend.
A couple shots will have you sleeping like a baby.
Miserable rainy day saved by receipt of sunshiny-groovy 7"s & 8" split. Weather, do your worst.
It's time for the bicycles to hit the track. Come get a taste of competitive local bike racing.
RT If you don't mind a guy singing Bertie Higgins' "Key Largo" while he makes dinner, you should eat /We had it all!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
why thank you! Glad you enjoyed it.
#opensource is the way to go.
Good to see 2 units patrolling #MetBranchTrail just now as Red Line pulled into RIA-Brentwood station.
TOOTH IS OUT!! let the pain stop!! :)
Auntie Graduates Today.!
We thoroughly enjoyed working with Keslin for our used car purchase.
I dreamed I gave birth to a kitten, which was a relief, because I was expecting a child.
Your gonna need at least 3 brown bags for that
Pacers I'm begging you please win
Why is it that the only thing to eat at the church coffee hour (and a half) is most often donuts?
My nook and cell phone charger do this too. I think it wants to experience all the options before settling down.
My 3 year old's gonna be a Marine. I went to chase him and instead of running away, he charged at me head first.
yes we will! (i'm pretty sure at least)
I've been here before :-)
Moms always make you feel better... usually lol. <3
Nabucco this evening!
Q: Did any of the agents have concerns about the campaign "impacting their own social capitol" (selling out)?
Oh, Luke Bryan...
Do you know the legal process to serve an individual OUTSIDE the U.S.? We do!! Check us out online @ www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
I'm sorry to say it but the majority of my friends from Marietta made poor choices and are struggling
. You have created a great blog. Everyone interested in ancient Greek/Hellenic culture should check it out. Keep up the good work!
Do you ever look at a glass of water and wonder how long ago was it someone's pee? Or poop water! Oh god, I never thought about poop water!
Plan that trip to ATX !
Is writers block the same as not wanting to write something you have to write?
hey im jordan ashleighs friend, She loves you truley and you should legit ask her out, you'd be so cute together!
joy, crazy, insane, all of that haha
exists! They are not the new place you speak of but they are good friends. They are 1 block south.
4 levels of mens rea: purposeful, knowing (know actions will cause result), reckless (aware of but disregard risk), negligent
you're translating right? I bet your Korean is awesome now. Sigh I need work. Lol. I've been good. About to graduate in may! :D
If u think I care, u will be waiting on it..
Looking forward to west coast IPA, east coast IPA challenge tonight!
bring me back a pair of Lucchese's! Oh, and have fun.
Scratch that, nothing like tea and donuts and the smiths - how soon is now playing in the cafe on an overcast day.
What is your favorite part of Project Inside Out? <3
Huge FT coming up
We gone make history homie!
I hate when people get the wrong impressions of dancers. I respect dancers more than I respect anyone else.
And the winner is..... Natalie Sabos of Hinsdale, Illinois. Email
RT There are about a dozen tickets left for the Henry Rollins show on Saturday. Get em while you can.
DFW>IAD>ABE. Leaving 80 degrees but going home.
Follow me please! (:
i really dk what i should do with this dude
that's ridiculous. Can't even have contact? 99% of his friends are probably in the NFL. He's supposed to ignore them for a yr?
so i'm reading 2 statements in 1: Muslims like Christians and also support #MarriageEquality <U+062E><U+06CC><U+0631>
Classical Music!
Why did Time take a harmless good thing & turn it into a mega tasteless joke.Arrogance/ ignorance knows no bounds Drama du jour!!
Sorry, I can't today... My sister's friend's mother's grandpa's brother's grandson's uncle's fish died. And yes, it was tragic.
Such a beautiful day! <3.
#ItsCuteHow i have no boyfriend. NOTT.
Just scored 30 points on Bucket Toss and earned 3 tickets in Carnival of Games for Android
awesome.. just tell me when and where \m/
do what better......
CoCo team karaba on right now
Jimmy Hoffa. And my old retainer. Probably.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 17
in Atlanta?
when we gone kick it
year there will be alot of concert i wanna go ! super junior , 2pm , girls generation , LADY GAGA !!!! omg. cant wait !
I can't wait to get home and take my pup for a walk.
Thanks! You too :)
what did she do?
I wanna go see my mamaw she knows how to make me happy.
gosh i havent been on in a while i miss all my followers
great article, thank you!
I might be moving to LA.....
picture please?
Learn from your
With the hot weather in Indy be sure to drink plenty of water when working out! You can get dehydrated quickly if not careful!!
I know :/ do hw at this hour isn't funny at all , hate those weekends when I'm grounded -.-
Yes, that's my impression too re. diff terminologies. Would be cool to have a matrix of those. :-)
#ifwomendidntexist id be able to focus on my grind. All these ladies want the D.
Watching the #NFLdraft , curious to see who Denver and Tennessee takes home
Gets with the program ladies and gents... Develop yourself before trying to lead others. You'll do them a disservice.
Awwwh, poor Bosh
my sister doesn't have her phone, I'll DM you my number if you need to tell her anything
This Girl been Cold since 5th Grade that ain't ever gonna change
I bet
wish you good luck Joel<U+263A>!!!
What's up with the Irish pride #wwf commercial? I'd rather see cage fighting leprechauns than a large, sweaty ginger.
Id like request bling bling & nuthing but a g thing
2 ladies @ supermarket- Lady1: These potatoes remind me of my husband's balls. Lady2: That big? Lady1: No, that dirty. Follow
I know where you sleep whore..... Sleep with one eye open.... #plotting :-)
One of the cleanest euro steps ive ever seen
Looking forward to it! Great to sit down last week.
Is it Java-based?
Thank you for today, great job as always,
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons ~ Woody Allen
Great to see at The Players today!
Please, unless you are expecting a call from the President, shut your #cellphone off in the gym. It's a distraction and annoyance.
Charmed by Hardy Wallace's quirky style
It's always fun when you randomly meet someone you only know via Twitter (in this case ) in real life
Roar. ;D
My Friday night depression of having no life is kicking in. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Talk about a Happy Birthday for me. Just got hooked up with a new Hip and Lower Back Kit. Can't wait to get started!
Go Barcelona
Had a convo with my homegirl I gotta say Shoutout to all the sexy Asian women that love black men
I miss you, too.
SO jealous.
chimera and del zotto
Currently no, that is our current struggle.
No go to in Dundalk to claim your free hooded sweatshirt. Come get them before they are gone.
: We'll RT our faves during the week - and the 10 best will get follows and appear on the official site!
lucky!!! Cheese!!
is my foolish friend that I enjoy chilling with. He's been my dude (pause) since day one and I will always have his back.
well that's a good thang and I wish u didn't stay n San Antonio lol
same as we usually suggest - GeoCommons :)
Jimbo that video was
Thanks for the awesome live tweets!
little random fact: my birthdays on sunday. you should follow me (;
read what you just typed
#TheVampireDiaries.... Two words: Holy @$&!...
good meeting ya man! Need to do Wasteland sometime.
hanging out, apple picking in the morning (regardless of the weather!)
I could def write a song that show the world who she is. Luv 4 u 2 hear the 1 I wrote for Mary. Missed the dl but its a banger.
Had to go fix that typo,I swear my new iPhone is dumb,my old one never made this many fuck ups,got me looking stupid & shit
Being single is not a problem. It's a solution! =)
(bryan) Must now tell the world how much I love Google Voice. I hope our relationship is always this good.
Ugly Women Need Not Apply...
I cannot stand fake people
brussss, it's all about that
This fool.... lol
FHS's Powercat Robotics team took 7th in the qualifying round, but the 1st place team is taking them into the alliance round as a teammate.
Pasofino will be closed on Thursday! Open on Saturday. BTW don't miss our 5th Annual Wild Turkey Bash & Bachata Jack & Jill This Saturday!!
Bayern won on penalty kicks, Ronaldo, Kaka and Ramos all missed for Real...
Ahh! Handy! I wonder if mine has a similar mode. Will investigate, thanks!
I'm a big fan of inclusion, and I think you bring up some great points.
880 square feet of free office space! No utilities! It is amazing to see how God opens doors for this ministry! Come see us!
Fact: Stephen Merchant fans wear lots of glasses. Hipster glasses.
I need to stop procrastinating and do my fucking homework.
This should not have happened.
Best Chinese Food In The USA, well at least our followers say so.. Come On In For Lunch Today www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
Submitted "H20" in two festivals. Festival Circuit, here we come.
It's raining?? RT : This rain tho
#sm4lams Hadn't seen historypin yet, looks really nice.
Go Tex ass :)
I hate being SECOND to those I put FIRST.
Rudy from the Notre Dame movie "Rudy" > Rudy Gay
Awesome, thanks Caroline!!
Thanks for all the #FF guys!!!!!!
I am seeing The Avengers before next weekend! I might just go by myself lol
I love continuing online interactions upon meeting in person, and it makes subsequent convos even better.
yea sure why not
Come check out #GuyMadden live on Skype tonight after the 7:20 screening of #Keyhole at ! Moderated by legendary !
u got yo ass whoop lol
hey hey! Let them friendly p/$$y girls be friendly!!! My D!(k stuck up!! gotta attitude...
it's more a question of accessibility
Fuck mother nature right now
I'm so hungry, but I know if I eat this late I'll have nightmares & wake up fat. & I don't wana be living a nightmare.
How we love your name Jesus, your the beautiful one, we love your name
What is bookscan?
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
What did you learn during your afternoon session?
you are true champions in my eyes. and i'm proud to be a pats fan.
So excited about my summer travel, I can barely get through the rest of the semester. B'dos - Guadeloupe - D/ca - Antigua - maybe Trini
I'm your sis
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 16
get better ideas as number of innovators with diverse thinking/skills/knowledge intersect... must be w/in 2 steps
The Cards have 48 hits and 30 runs in their last four games. They have the most runs scored and second fewest allowed. They're pretty good!
WTF..!!! why do this lady got on a damn tu-tu......lmao
Lots of new boxes coming in, we're adding them right now to the NEW 2011 catalog!! Stay tuned!
I hate when females talk about a basketball player being her "hubby", lmfao you sound dumb!
I can't win this game without you.
WHAT EVEN . one week to go till i see . cannot wait :D
Some of the dumbfucks that pop up on my timeline type worse than a dog humping a keyboard. Its not that hard, I promise.
Girls are nuts they will do anything for us guys.. Just watch how u use that power..
F'n A...IDK - which one? I have a feeling you know better than I do, which ur refering to? lol
joining date night @ the movies? LOL! Let me know how the #avengers is! I need to go see it.
ikr, Kreshona. RT : Why is this idiot calling me while 1) we're in school 2) we're in the same class.
feels like the minutes slip past me. Need something.
Good point.Might as well wait until better weather. More to see.
yes. With that an the maroon 5 jam, should a decent few months for wiz....(understatement of the year)
You're welcome!
I'll always cherish: a) the time Dick Clark interviewed me on television; b) the time I got to watch him explode with rage at subordinates.
"ownership, this is what happens when you invest more in Galaxy than H-town." Maybe we need new ownership!
you will
Delta's refinery purchase has Pennsylvania officials smiling - Kingsport Times News
About to eat the breathing hell out of this lox bagel, then decoupage a bathroom floor. (and probably drink cake vodka)
RT : Some goodnight texts would be nice <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hint hint*
RT - May god bless the Arizona Cardinals and the New England Patriots next Sunday!
Possible bribes on offer: paleo pumpkin pie, upscale dark chocolate, a bottle of red wine, cold hard cash...
Good Morning Twitches
Nice!! I'm going to see it tomorrow night.
He loves his Oilers!
Funny yuh claiming the same bitch that im penatrating >:)
Yes we try to get you exposure to coaches. Everything is free so this could not hurt your chance to get more exposure
RT : My school plays Ohio State, who I hate with a passion, tonight. Go Jags!!
No! Tell him we said Plz No.... “: Glamily I dont know if is growing a beard....”
RT : Q4 I've heard stories + seen it first hand. I work in the hospital. Travel insurance is a great thing
The new avengers trailer just kicked my ass! #Nerd but wuteva!
No reason to be hateful, Connie-Mommie!
nice. Talking people thru tech is becoming part of #iphonereporting skill set, as you know.
If you parked in the DePaul garage you must get your validation ticket from front desk before you leave the building for the party.
I can see that. Lol
can I come back and be an intern for life? I think would appreciate that, right??
RT : Emotion | Experience | Context - This is what you learn about your customers on social media.
Congratulations John! I am consolation champion!
is there really an SI piece on howland about how he is petty?
eat her till she cry call that wine and dine!
Gonna need to see Bynum chuck a 3 or I'm going to bed
Listening to a Barbra Streisand and Josh grobin duet...music like this sucks.
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker.
She kept telling me her name but I forgot.
Awww. We'll have to set up a visit.
Listening to the 80's love songs...I'm really starting to like them.
Abby is in her I've got my thunder wine in hand and Jeff is manning the radar. The byrnes are ready for Tornado-geddon 2012
Brown just leveled Sedin. Hard.
I know!!
CLOSE OUT THE SUMMER IN VEGAS PARTY SHOP GAMBLE WHATEVER MAKES YOU HAPPY BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW @ WWW.MYVEGASPEOPLE.COM FOR THAT SPECIAL RATE
I Don't Really Care....a trend that describes my life!
On Tebow: Its more WILL than SKILL!!!
If your happiness depends on others so does your life. #GoodMorning Getting it and doing it for myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you cheated we're done, you're deleted.
Listening to a hipster chill playlist on this morning. Perfect for the morning.
same here! the night before, Im like "ima get up early to look cute" then the next day I say fuck it, sleep in &put on sweats
If he still does not grant your request, the court hearing proceeds
Congratulations You've inspired our office to do a similar challenge. is preparing the charts!
t does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. -Confucius
#FF Happy to announce a new follower who's into #film #editorial. Nice 2 have u with us.
I totally believe it.
Mom's visiting -- doesn't want to go to this voodoo shop on bourbon due to "evil vibrations."
Business is great! Lots of #publichealth #education #environment and #humanservices #translation work... what are you up to?
Oh what?! They didn't even play each other???
Prater has been named AFC Special Teams Player of the Month
The most insecure girls seek out the most attention
Thank you for the follow. Do you have any work I can see?
Rainline starts recording some new music. Stay Tuned
Thanks for Following!
#QOTD: “Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.” - Mark Twain (1835 - 1910)
you're welcome! I hope to see you guys soon. It has been way too long!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
True, but chrome is already gaining major steam against IE and Firefox and the publicity from self punishment only helps.
now your gay
"Baby, you are so abstract"
USCA, 2d Cir. rules in Bakalar v. Vavra case involving a dispute over the ownership of an untitled drawing by the artist Egon Schiele.
as happy as I am to be going to the tyga concert I still think the tickets were a bit overpriced
Yep! Great show so far. They're pretty excited with their Saints win over us & yes, the colonel = great, but got a noles bowl game!
I hate how the house right across from mine can see straight into my windows
Watching speak. Such encouragement!
So cool! GOAL!!!
That says it all RT : viewing composerpanel discussions online, fascinating to watch body language when they're not speaking.
We are very popular in india as well
Watching #glee love you
thanks Chris!!!
Sweet #dewtour is on. Almost as geeked as #sharkweek. Almost.
They say curiosity killed the cat. I say good thing it's got 7 lives <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Titanic gets me everytime
yea for real. It definitely lived up to the hype
We’re throwing around some new contest ideas. Anyone want another Xtreme Photo and Video contest to send off the summer? Yes? No?
Happy Friday all! Time for a fun filled. Productive weekend! Cheers!
Tired of listening to Agile people. Yeah SOLID. Got it. Got it 10 years ago. Who's the next elite group that I can learn from?
i was makin plans to come see you guys friday. But they got ruined! :( #bummed I was soo hoping to see you again!
": “: 4-0 ???? Y'all watching the game?”-> r u watching"4025 day pO drought ends lol
"Pleanty of fish in the sea but now your just shark baiit" <3
Yes, quite a move eh!
Watching this past Saturday's SNL. Lana Del Rey was awful. As bad as Kesha's total bomb of a performance. Hard to watch.
(Remix )100% recyclable sneakers multy colors multy styles just launched on shark tank. Damon John is in to take it to the roof. huge!!!!!
My mom goes to miami for a week and is trying to get me to move down there???!
all is right in the world!
haha yeah I'm a real quick learned. Now lets be the girl in the blue dress. If you know what I mean. ;)
IM GOOD MAN...JUST GRINDIN....
haha, thanks :-) I love you guys!
RT : Forgive, show compassion.
you're right, I usually do. It just sounds so much like the mets. Those songs have a history. Isn't this a post 05 creation
Hey Columbus. There's a f'ing soccer match tomorrow in your city. F'ing go and support your real local heroes.
Took a walk behind my apartment in SF (betw Berry and Channel St by the ballpark) - new favorite place in the city!
cheney calling obama an "unmitigated disaster" is like jeffrey dahmer calling mr. rogers a "danger to children."
: all good things are worth the wait :-), it'll be fab. Can't wait to hear more.
Me: You went to the strip club last night? Him: Yes, got a lap dance. We made a connection & I supported the local economy.
I wanted to add to the contract: In case of David's death GOD will send David back for the 3rd time to shoot the wedding :) ...She loved it!
your welcome and if u don't mind ask Madison to follow me please
shut up punk
good morning tweeple!!
So my exboyfriend who I'm still madly in love with sent me a happy birthday message after us not talking for like 6 months!
So it's four victims vs. three? What bar?
Someone's gotta help me dig
Paul Bunion dunking on the Lakers
“The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.” B. B. King
It was a STEAL at buffalo. $35.
Congrats to the MAVS!! First NBA Championship.
Make sure to Invite your friends to "LIKE" Clutch
I CAN'T BREATHE OUT OF MY FACE
Good morning :)
Nine Years Later, All Accused Acquitted In Nisha Sharma Dowry Case
Thanks woman! If I get any clients from this your first app is on me! Have a great day!
Fifty shades of grey is what we get when Oprah isn't here to tell us what to read. Oprah, we forgive you for James Frey. please come back.
Sorry we haven't been on in like a week haha. When I get on my computer I'll respond to all the follow for follows! :) -izzy
bless him
Thanks for the follow! I'm married to a handsome giant too (6'6"). How tall is yours?
"Expectant mother" — priority parking space or great metal band name? Both?
for the comedy. i had no idea it would backfire
i need some music suggestions
it's neither. He's her sugar daddy!
Spring arrives at 1:14 AM tomorrow. Instead of spring, a taste of summer Thursday. Temps pushing toward 80 or higher #NYC & inland spots.
RT Let Bella Perk Radio promote ur business! 4 info send an email to
Yay! Haircuts are fun. Gonna get bangs?
Oh, you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram?
happy Easter and nice pik
Snuggle time
Mary T. Boyer is one of the best acting teachers in NYC!
Some CA social media guru. CA- land obviously so much different than our beautiful Lake Michigan area.
I feel so happy :D
Old think: Whoever shouts the loudest gets heard. New think: Whoever reaches the most people most intelligently gets heard.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.”
thanks buddy. Will you be at the game today? My first MLS game outside KC.
I need a job so I can buy things. I want all tho stuff but can't afford it. Sadface ):
If my car is broken and I come to you for help, its probably because I know you can help me.
#AAIP - African Arts In the Park Festival:Bridging African Rhythms & Jazz. Aug 11&12, 2012 Point State Park.
May the blue knight win so our families may eat...
Setting up for the Boot Camp - We are getting excited for the #AcademySummit!
52 results on linkedin w/ your name(if you care)
Finally got the Pistol Annie record...Love it!
haha I am glad you appreciate !
Kingdom hearts for the vita would be great!!!:: little kid mode::
The makers of 'Fantastic Man' are putting out a mag called 'The Gentlewoman'?! With an article about naps in the 1st issue?! I'm THRILLED.
Confederate flag on a car in Georgetown
“: NYC get ready for a smashing set tomorrow night at Bowery Ballroom, goes on at 9pm! - The I.R.S. Man”
About to watch present the #SmartChart #ETP2012. Watch here for great tips for SMART communications.
I got my dress :)
Happy to be working on some voiceover for ; pretty sweet organization.
WWW.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine everyday from 12 to 5pm
S/o To For That Hug A Second Ago...Much Appreciated.
"lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation"
new backgroung , u like it ?
Must get off computer and go cook dinner. Then pick up dog from groomer. And get boys from baseball.
thank u for an incredible season brother! Can't wait for your vengeance tour next year. It will put this season to shame.
Playing Star Wars legos w the boys, featuring too-dee-too and obi-canobe. Hee hee.
Even the Rain w Gael García Bernal. If u seen it, whatjathink? If u haven't seen it, what r u waiting for?
Saw some people in tuxedos heading over to for the big opening-
#np oh girl - paul wall lmao
Thanks, Sally - thanks for reading! RT : Great article!
We will be at The Focus in Huntington, WV 4 the show with Icris, Dizz and Gorilla's of Gospel. Come by and say hi!!!
Yankee pride
I can't wait to go to sleep then get up tomorrow home alone -_-
#weightofthenation "all these parking lots, kind of are our parks"- child in Santa Ana
Grad student used "Keynesian" to refer to his dalliance w/ homosexuality. "We're all Keynesian now" forever a double entendre to me now.
gotta get my study on. if you have stuff to do and wanna come down around 9 or 10…feel free. but I HAVE to work
What was your favorite #concert of 2011?
We're ready to start your project. Please contact us thru email or phone 404-482-3641
#1DNewEnglandContest crrrrryyyy jen a river -payne
thank you I really needed to know tht-_-
Thanks for the follow hope to see you back again soon!
Uggghhhhhh people r so ignorant. stop textin me about this storm
Our little monster should be here this time next month. I can't wait to meet him!
Aww thank you so much!!! everyone plzzzz follow!! <<<<<
i have to pee but the powers out..
Somebody text me !
I think I'm going to attempt to sleep. Wish my luck. Hopefully, I'll see you on the other side.
Is it a bad idea to eat one's lunch at 9:51AM?
do you have a Kik?
Why is Hanukah not planned around the school semester, or the semester around the moon cycle? Tonight - Hillel Hanukah Party. Shabbat Shalom
RT : Museum fans! How can museums be more social via social media? Follow #musesocial tmrw Noon-5pm EDT and join the chat
without Sadness you cannot feel Happiness. without Anger you cannot experience Kindness. without Hate, Love could never exist.
great foundation. Along with having a Pro white smile!
Well the question now is do I keep drinking it?
Hey how are you Dad was up hahahaha I'm joking I'm gonna ask Justin to follow you and lots of other people kk
yep. one of the few Dwarves i 've seen before … if you've never seen Bloody Sunday, check it out. great film and performance
Thanks! Likewise, I followed you on your networks
let me know!
First official single "Get It In" was reased at club DV8 tonight... shout out to for the congrats. Again highly preciated...
going to be great. His last two shows were grrreeat
don't lie, or Jesus will strike you
Can you buy those hotel "Do not disturb" signs? I want one to wear as a necklace.
Thanks for including the CWI teacher reflection! Great photos too.
Merry Xmas, Happy Holidays, Good Eating With Your Hands :p
Hey selena I know its stupid.its really stupid but I really love u.I did sence I was kid and I now I'm 15 and I still love u..
“: Trying out new on Mac… hm…. not sure how I feel about this one.” Try HootSuite.com. It's awesome!
I have always chosen to imagine a cookie "guardian angel" of sorts is looking out for me
Try Good Foods Cafe on Southland Dr.
Happy Easter: Hope you've read your BIBLE's & remember "A man who doesn't read has no advantage over a man that cannot"
Lemme just add my voice, in the hopes that SLA will listen, and say that ASKPro is a *horrible* name for an org of info/knowledge workers.
People who chose to pick on others<< You have no life...
your name is sasha?
Thanks #roger I didn't get a chance to watch it earlier but I will later on today :)
-wish we knew before hand u wasn't gonna be at 'My House'. U the greatest though dawg, we'll see ya another time hopefully!
I JUST HEARD YOU ON THE RADIO!!! 11:11 WAS ON THE RADIO.
Thank you Seth!! "Happy Birthday !"
Time to hit the gym. Let's see the troops do some training
Good morning and happy Tuesday! I took a little break yesterday, so I hope we didn't lose anyone to dehydration...
. thanks to all of those who organized, presented and communicated
No that's her friend Hunter Hayes... he's a country singer... And I'm not even sure if they're not still dating...
Great movie! RT : Going to rent a movie tonight? How about FAZZT Times at Ridgemont High??
Look in the Mirror and see Yourself.Then Smile; because you are .........B e a u t i f u l.........
Wait till you see the finished product! Thanks to for the photo!
_ sent me! Please enter me to win the RX skirt!
Love is an amazing thing. I've lost a lot on this journey and I don't regret anything but I think I need to live a little more...
He's like a chef out there serving up tasty treats. - Sean Elliott about Boris Diaw.
Now it's The Biz. It's gonna be hard to get on this train. Glad Amtrak is running with its typical efficiency.
Truth is all we have to offer this world and the only important tool the artist must share to truly make an impact in this world - WWMC
awesome!, can't wait to hear what u come up with
I'm bummed that someone else already got a tattoo of a pallet.
So who won the #hashtagbattle ?
4 soccer games later and I just want my mother. When you grow up with a physical therapist on-call, a lack of one is severely inconvenient.
dont take it personal ;)
Hey, Jackass - if your child burns themselves on the space heaters - it's not my fault.
yeah. That's always the toughest balance: work hard play harder!
With Lead coaches from TRICOR. A coaching Revolution looks like this: You are a coach, you are getting coached or you don't want a coach!
": thats fine... just trying to get you votes thats all bro" <--- You the man!
back on twitter so is <3
Patrick Kane's summer drunk pictures always bring me joy.
Separated at birth- Jerry Hairson Jr and Froggy. Ya think?
“: ready for #teamfitnessthursday?” fa sho bro! lets get it
Im not happy with my life and i feel stuck in it.
Any fool can be a Father, but it takes a reAny fool can be a Father, but it takes a real man to be a Daddy!!al man to be a Daddy!!
miss you too!!!
glad I'm still on the list!
Watching Human Centipede...thanks Tosh.0. Barf.
Be sure to check out Matt Bryant kicker, on Zig and Keith show today at 1 PM est.
awesome! didn't know JH had a new album until ur tweet, which I used as a nudge, nudge 4 my partner
Honestly, that view is pretty narrow. the Rails vs. PHP debates are stale. Michael, whats the issue w/ PHP?
Australia ... the one country where all cliché's are true. (Except that whole boomerang thing)
Tag sayin the ball was flying DEEP during BP. Could be a high scoring affair in Texas. Too bad Darvish brought the nassty!!
your night was just ending?
What's the biggest hassle about renting out your vacancy?
Its exactly one week away !
Yes laughing is one of my therapy's... If I feel down I try and find something funny or see a funny movie etc.
Broke out my first ever home-brewed beer. not too bad if I do say so myself. Goes real well with Iowa ahead of MSU by 17!!
Love to see that thing rumble down the road ": Fire Truck... Looks like Engine Train RT : behemoth!"
Follow Back :o)
Getting ready to have an awesome day tomorrow!
Ah. Well, there were breath strips, which is what I thought you were referring to...
The reader gave it 4/5. Which now gives THE END GAMES 4.67/5 on Goodreads. Which, FWIW, is kinda neat.
that nigga is an animal congrats you bastard lol
Check out Seether!
Adobe reports "agile operations" at #solveforward 2012.
I'm getting the i Mac desktop! Don't you just love the iPad? I am looking forward to syncing my life up! Haha!
I'm a male dragon I have fire conversations
Watching #Ellen with the wife and #JohnMayer looks like such a little bitch
I'm Courtney. WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?
haha! I see the truth in that... So back to my math studies rather than hoping for stupid luck ;)
are they for sure coming out today?
I was there outside.
It's my favorite April tradition. RT I guess it wouldn't be the #NFLDraft if the #Bears didn't fuck up a pick.
Thank you!!! I'm still tidying things up a bit but it definitely came together!
yeah, i know. girls are fricken shady. thats why i stay away from them.
Thanks to watching last weeks Grimm, I'm craving VooDoo Doughnuts.
At satisfying my craving for a pulled pork sandwich.
hi mukta! changed the schedule of your radio show, you can also do it yourself on the site. thanks for the love!
Business in the front Party in the back .<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I need my high school prom dress to use for parts!
Not packing; I'm stalling. Still stalling. And stalling some more. Now I remember princesses have people who do it for them. Yay movers!
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Use your intellect to make decisions
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea does that mean that one enjoys it?
Going for 10 pounds : We're getting fit for charity! Over the next 10 wks, every hr logged or pound lost $ will be a donated!
Thanks for connecting! I'd love to contribute (as a guest blogger--and/or in any other capacity). Ping me if you'd like to chat..
BOYFRIEND ON IN 5 MINUTES. OMG IM SO EXCITED. YEEEEAAHAHH
"Yeah, they're famous, but they're just a little bit dead." Oh John Wayne, you and your one-liners <3
RT *great idea* : RT : have kids create "movie trailers" about books using iMovie. #ELTchat”
Good thinking. 33 West Main, you say? What's that about?
that is some quality neighborhood cruzin music. That'll scare the Moon housewives!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 18
We also had ginger shots at the #elevenses party.
has no boobz
Would you agree that moderate economic growth is better than no growth at all or the opposite, a recession?
How do I "like" your video? Don't see it on the ArcLight FB page.
#TaterSalad! RT : "I had the right to remain silent... but I didn't have the ability." ~Ron White |
I agree - sexism in any format is unacceptable, regardless of viewpoint. Let's end sexism together, shall we?
And that's why your colleagues are scrambling to become Medical Acupuncturists?
& are buying a round of drinks for the first 100 #ASTD2012 learning pros at Lucky Strike tomorrow at 7pm!
This is BAD ASS!!
They say, watch out for the bullet with your name on it....and watch out for the bullet that says "to whom it may concern."
BREAKING NEWS: I'm going to bed. Good night.
In HSBC Bank video today at Madison Sq. Pk in NYC, subject: Clean drinking water and our responsibility to provide it to the world.
Thanks for the retweets!
dont try to spin wpon spinning & misleading expertise anda.
EPTI MEGA RUNNER!!! load up the boat... lots to go
Yep, I've got one.
If you had a fight between a grilled cheese sandwich and a taco, who would win?
#pdxtst raining cats and dogs in Camas
Haven't slept, at the hospital all night. Taking kids to school and then back to my boo
Least I can do!
Now this is a cause I can follow back.
Leadership is about choosing the success of others over the control of them.
i really like you, but you're blowing your chance.
GOLF TIME!!! I love Fridays!!! ... well, every day actually, but who's counting??!!!!! Hahahaha!
Tell me everyday I get to wake up to that smile, I wouldn't mind it at all. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
AT THE CRIZZIB
hm what should my commerical be about...
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
Getting ready and pumped to cover Extreme Thing on Saturday with The Used, Less Than Jake, Zebrahead, Falling In Reverse and More!!
It's probably just another form of advertising to them.
I heard Britney's "Stronger" 2day and thought of your mom having it on repeat for like a year.
good look my nig
Not one of the 3rd party #2012 candidates are even close to being impressive. Where is Jesse Ventura when you need him
I would go to #HungerGames, but I have one of my own tomorrow: Inviso. The world is watching; may the best conservative win.
they account for 73% of the fan base.
Dandelions are really popping give us a call at Weed Man! Perfect time to start lawn care.
Nicks and Cruz are also 1,000+ yard receivers, while Eli has over 4,000 yards.
Terry gave me his lil cough <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
follow back?(:
It's a wrap! Final concert delivered in Seoul today. Ensemble members head home tomorrow. It's been a great tour!
Omg...I fucking hate automated systems!!!
I know it's early but the are ballin right now
i hate five guys its nasty y do u like it ya weirdo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
My kids have toys everywhere like it was fun day I just ot home from work, starting another one jobs damn the 2 yr just bite 5 yr help......
hi-hat is the best coffee in town. Just sayin'
To engage online evangelists, take time to create conversations & cultivate #npx2012 communicate w/ ppl how they communicate w/ you
When going mobile, focus ONLY on what you can do. -
I want a burger ..
we are the most influential conservative band in Chicago and we are on the Cain Train still.
This young mans story that Alia is telling... saddens me. Deeply
A man don't text me talkin bout some how much u got and you only plan on buyin a gram-___-
hell yeah!! My turn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Today, a friend at work said, "Don't wait until a funeral to give the people you love flowers." Can't improve on that. Hasta manana, y'all!
your such a copier. you now do keek? just kidding. ;')
#chicultural2012 Due to close vote count 4) Capacity was added.
Let the Holy Spirit fill you 'til there's no room for Satan's lies.
Tom Baxter: Legislators in #Alabama have not handled this very well
of course I am :') & thanks. I'm kinda nervous !!
Say No to the All-Star Garden Gnomes.
Music is my life!
but what the heck send me an invite :)
The move to top 18 from top 20 is official. I think Mary even says it in the video I'm going to post soon.
I guess u don't care
Just say you're "getting ideas", #Twitter is good for that. And boredom.
And Rice is the only CUSA team to win a post season game!
When I start being mean is when we really have a problem
and nothing even matters :)
and I always regretted it. I learned that you really were taking a step backwards by selling yourself, and the client, short.
u clearly didn't forget lmao
I just poured a glass of water for myself that I then knocked all over counter =D
its really hard to be a Yankees fan
Pleasen thank u im asking for a prayer request for my son jesse incarcerated. N he needs Jesus in his heart n his protection healin 4toroid
Bobby Abreu will be here by the end of next week.
Night night :)
Awesome. Enjoy it, Jack.
We're open at 11 am! SW 9th and Alder.
Most of grades posted, all done for semester, this summer is all about baseball, warm weather, and vacation.
Did you see the WoW thing I showed you, though? I could scroll of resurrect you and I'll be able to play more time with you.
hey dude.
i hate belts there a waist of time
FREE LOTTO TICKET! FRI 3-6PM WHILE SUPPLIES LAST! (1PER CUST.) CHECK US OUT! GREAT PRICES! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99!
At least you can drink away your sorrows?
Already thinking about my next trip down to Indy.
33 years old...going to be 34 in August
Hey #iOS & #Android devs want to work with a fast-growing startup? is looking for you!
hey whats up?
Can't find that evening holiday space you want? Consider a daytime event with brunch or lunch and if the weather is nice, some golf!
REMINDER! volunteer orientation is creeping up! be there or be square ;)
I miss you too! I haven't been on in forever
of course he is
Indians are in 1st and can't get half that. Sad. RT : Paid attendance in Target Field on Monday night is 32,313.
Lrg cup of coffee right before a movie,,, never again!.......... Especially when ur sitting in the middle.
in summary, what is your pico node? Too much science talk for me to understand. It merges radio frequencies? what's the point?
love it
RT : "Mrkting auto. doesn't give u more hrs in ur day but it makes the hrs u spend more strategic."
thank you!<3
New Tax Rules for 2012: Capital gains and qualified dividends in recent years are set to expire at the end of 2012.
Waiting on the hairdresser at Elements Salon. First time I have had a haircut outside of Florence, AL... A little nervous!
Mock all you want, but AD embraces it. It is his identity and brand. Austin stole their soul with that last 3 from Charlotte
hows it goin in.the UK?
thanks for the RT!!
i like your website..Who designed it??
it's fine if you're like I wanna know what this shizz is about but I've been waiting months for this! It's better than my bday!
French class, best class ever.
I only saw his first dance. Amazing as always judges are too hard on him. I got mad and turned it off
Silly, -Vegamite- is the work of the devil. Marmite is from God himself!
Watching US-Japan in World Baseball Classic semis on ESPN. Sorry, college basketball fans, I love THIS game!
Was given a Palm Pre to demo for a month. Has a nice "feel" so far.
Are you Twitter spatting again? but I didn't call u hater brainiac. Think about it
thanks I almost forgot
the album was amazing<3
In A Good Way
beautiful smart and real
nothing ups with me, just a little sad and all about what I did and all :'(
Buzzkillr - A refreshing slap in the face
I dont think thats fair you should have aa concert were you havnt performed not perfrom in the same place:(
Urban legend: women enjoy camping. Ew.
He face seems slowly sinking waist deep
Had a great time celebrating moms bday w my ESM fam ; missed you
RT : Where Are All The Upcoming East Coast MCs ?!!!
I just thought of one more thing and all I can say is buddy you suck!
Hanging with at the Suzuki-Orff gala. She is cracking me up! And she hasn't been drinking.
23-Bed Acute Care #Hospital @ Loop 101 & Princess Dr sold by #Chatham #Capital to Louis Carnesale for $11m.
they expect it IF they give good service. When you go out in the US, expect to tip or don't go where you expect table service.
so true!
I believe that Religion and Government should stay in their own "corners".
I'm so HAPPY! My seventeen magazine got here today! I can't wait to read it; I love :}
Schoolwork and tons of reading on database design and SQL command lines. I'm hoping that this is a skillset that the pro's use!
why thank you! you guys should come to LA sometime and well do a show together
excellent idea!....go make it happen
Did nat wolff really just come outside and stand right infront of me? Omfgg
Found GarbagePailKids,40min later I saw someone drinking a Tab.Where am I 1987?God I hope to go home&see Mr Belvedere&Silver Spoons on my TV
lindsay got a twitter...
Go Michigan State! Getting ready to go to a Cubs spring training game. It's a beautiful day
i love picking my scabs
so excited for you- want to see you cook
I live in florida :)
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas Edison
MY BELLY IS PLAYING THE HUNGER GAMES RIGHT NOW.
my nikon camera had a faulty strap and fell... nikon refused to fix it under warranty but never fear amex purchase protection is here!
Blackberry is dead. Long live the iphone! I will get back to everyone as soon as teaches me how to use it LOL
haha okay! I just wanted to make sure. (:
“: I drink because I work, work because I drink” #I'lldrinktothat
"It's too much madness for just one text!" - Attack the Block
If you don't want your glasses to look like everyone else's come in and see the Emilio Pucci line. Exclusively offered at Reed Eye
Well unfortunately they didn't, they did however make it farther than IU and Purdue, and that shithole team from the north
I like it too!
Haha. I think you've got a pretty good start! I should work in music promotion, in all honesty. I love it THAT much.
I wish I lived on the same block as Robert DeNiro's family in "A Bronx Tale" growing up
Thats why i stay shut when ppl tlking about basketball! All i do is say which player is sexy lol
Wouldn't it be cool if, per Fox, POTUS had actually declared war on marriage? Like called in tanks to disperse marriage's economic benefits?
Check out Shades of Grey by Jasper Fforde. It's one of the best books I've read in quite a while.
Yeah! “: San Francisco: I'll be coming to see you this summer. folks, let's hang out.”
I'm so IN RT “ Fuck this, I'm heading over to Duke's to get shitfaced and play grabass with teen waitresses.”
Never let someone be a main ingredient in your life, while you are only a topping in theirs. Dont be an afterthought.
This is a 100% band-run account, but and are most active RT hi! which band members?
Cubs have been fun because the company I work for reps Lahair so it's been exciting to witness his success
maybe they're both dumb?
Big news! We will be open for dinner tonight! is now opened until 7pm on Thurs, Fri & Sat!
So Fox Sports is showing baseball, but CNBC is still blacking out the Coyotes game. Lame
AMEN! Seriously!
#bookaday BEING TEDDY ROOSEVELT by Claudia Mills Will be recommending this one to 2nd graders during biography Wax Museum project
so we playin in front of twitter again
Congrats to all the winners of best new band list especially
There's extra goodwill that comes from saving Morrow from a disaster zone too, right?
How was it?
I choked on my water a little. 's timeline is killing me.
Darn,They Never listen to me,I'll try two more other people okay? Lol :)
U must be. A friend of mine w/a New Year's Day b-day used to crack me up w/all his shitty b-day/Xmas combo gift stories.
Way to go Ducks!!! One more game and we're in the championship...it's going to be a tough one, but you can do it!
Someone in Illinois got my credit card # and made 1 purchase & attempted 2 other ones that were denied.. Didn't lose my card either! F*ed up
what did the male skeleton say to the female skeleton at the club? i want to jump your bones!
Tim Tebow miracles? Ha! A miracle would be if a skinny 100-pound uncoordinated nerd quarterback pulled off last minute NFL wins.
;) I'm honored
some #Joomla e-commerce options unfortunately expensive for small biz clients. #Virtuemart still leads despite issues but good to see others
Hub is introducing the kids to The Search for the Holy Grail. Help me. Send mango sorbet and People magazine, PLEASE.
yea!!! Can't stop bouncing! Tonight must be the night for great music!
Woman reaches love through friendship; man reaches friendship through love.Mohammed Hijazi.
On a personal note - I noticed the off aroma/flavors about a month ago. Had a strange sourness w/ a vinegar-y note too.
That's hardcore. But doesn't trump The Donald's. D's got the orange after-glow kicking as well.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it. - Henry Ford
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou . you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3
Sitting down
Terrence J, Pooch Hall, Trey Songz = The same person. I'm convinced.
i'm doing really awesome! i'm trying to promote a band called poema! have you heard of them?? :) myspace.com/poemaofficial
I am fiction could be playing at sunny's in fredonia on thursday. We'll let you know asap!
Good enough for me RT I luv it, i really do
your favorite act is on - hula hoop girl
Feeling so much peace today. Such a wonderful feeling...I am soaking it in fully.
Attention Dallas folk: I am working on a show in the "Big D" and I DO mean Dallas!! More details soon.
Good morning
Great. Day. #steelers listened to me &!took David DeCastro while the #Browns just made another all time boner of a Round One.
Then storm back into your room and slam the door
Just reading up on you and your family! You guys are all seriously stunning!
hahahaha good luck!
I did!
Captain Kirk, standby for Happy Birthday wishes from the Klingons. Better raise shields and go to red alert to be safe.
John Avalon "The Strength of the Vital Center". Fiscally conservative, socially progressive. Hey, like the FOUNDERS...
Any fans in the Northern Ky area or Cincinnati? Madison Theater May 6th. Needs tickets? hit me up!
LOL “: If Vegetarians love animals so much why do they eat all their food?”
#sidney poitier gives #morgan freeman recognition #golden globe Beautiful tribute to one of the best actors of all time.
Aw, heck, I know! I'm a scolding nerd from way back.
Why do the same religious conservative voices get media face time during discussions about gay marriage? Lazy news bookers?
Not when one's work is play - If one's play is work, I agree
Wasn't there an episode of Saved By the Bell where Zack spied on the girls with a mic? Or am I making that up?
Jammin' out to Bonnie Raitt, 's favorite artist of all time.
Now that #HarryPotterIsOurLife is trending, I wanna watch all the movies straight through. Day after high school ends plans?
woop woop! I can't wait to hear what you think :D
12.2 kicked my butt. Snatches not my strong suit. (insert joke here- pun very intended). 43 reps.
And a very good morning from #canheit at #mcmaster!
Miss Shonda getting her coins
He's also known as Lil E
"are you talking about the loganator?" -my dad LOLOLOL
Sorry to hear that! Hope it's not as bad as you fear.
ON MY VEGAS FLOW!
hi linda! i have a great opportunity if you are interested! Shoot me line to places.seattle(at)gmail - thanks!
So nice outside today, something in the air
I'm just saying as long as we cool we good
When did it become the Rockefellers job to feed other peoples kids? And besides that they donate a lot already.
lol not yet but working on it.
Happy 53rd Birthday to Ms. Angela Bassett!
I would assume so, i couldn't put together my car!
#RGOKY will NEVER END!!!
Hope everyone got through their Monday OK! See you all tomorrow!
I'll just use him till I get to Cali hahaha
Canada opens worlds with 3-2 win over Slovakia; lose Burrows to injury
Shout out to , part of the DC nerdy sartorial swag crew & his hot new lifestyle spot !
Just read the founder of Instagram got 400 mil in that $1 billion deal. Think he's gonna take a picture of that & share it on Instagram?
-- the IU game is a border rivalry. It should be on each campus. We look lame right now.
"The damage to the Fiat is unknown."-Favorite line in Vanity Fair May issue story on Italian mafia
Damn nature, you scary.
If you get lots of Minor #tarot cards in your shindigtarot.com reading, life is trying to teach you in daily experience. Find out what!
Waiting for my mom to get my scores .
I better be able to sleep on the plane given that my sleeping has been off all week long LOL
Wouldn't it be more appropriate if it was Iron Woman
A friend went to the Chop House and said it was nearly empty but nice. If you want a football atmosphere I'd recommend Tailgate.
Prince can literally build a castle with that contract...get $$$$$ wow.
Ahaha just kidding i have like 5 more but i dont like to share XD
I love mexican candy :)) and mexican food !! But most of all, i love being mexican :)
Anyone know of a printing house in Houston? One that you would recommend?
Most don't like me , Many Talk Shit. But Zero Confronted Me ...hmm <U+263A>
Snoozer day in the #BigEast tourney...average margin of victory: 20.5pts
good how are you !?
I know the feeling. Why is that??
Thanks for the kind words, brother. We will keep making them if you keep drinking them
go follow now!
love you, they just can go #HITP like you do brotha
well can I be ur boyfriend
How far did you get with the Riddler stuff?
Division 1 football team will do a lot to add credibility, give national exposure to Liberty. A lesson BYU has learned...
Am I the only one waiting on the 17th to come. SFKC
Heyy how have you been? ; )
Need to stay off the ground
haha! Best gig arrangement ever...
Well there's goes $1500 out if my pocket.
Is watching coming to America rite now and I'm glad I got to work with on set of "Ex-Free" the movie it was unreal S/O to her
Enjoying a Pride and Joy &company. Only been open for 8 days, very large bar.
Happy Valentines Day to my hunny I love you. :)
That's what you get when you let your heart win.
hey mother fucker are you okay?
I'm pretty sure y house is haunted because the blanket I fell asleep with was across the room when I woke up
she ishn't a shellfish
you changed it to bobbyperrymusic99 why .my bank and business links all at a lost..can i please change back
an aspirin a day cuts cancer risk. so what happens when you get addicted to that asprin?
Drinking my first Motor City beer.
It sucks when your in love with someone and the person isn't even there
If you run from your past, run forwards. At least that way, you won't be repeating what happened.
Ira Glass getting a lot of props on
dude, so much homework/:
i like cameron BUT he dn create an entire business to create all of the images. Lucas did.Thats my point.Again, vote w your wallet
tweet tweet
it hasn't been filled in a couple days. Can't decide if I want to hit up the bookstore or park for some loads.
DUDE your ass took Hamed a pick right before me
i would've never guessed that because my piano bench looks nothing like that.. its all wood & doesn't have a cushion
house torn completely apart
so i went to #woo, my mom went to #iwu....family tensions will flare friday night!!
just us. We wanted to go for gramps bday but it was too expensive. Last weekend of June.
LMAO ESPN doesnt use multiple sources
So fervently has some deep rooted issues with the lakers. Why tho?
Hi, I would like everyone's prediction on the economy for this year!
Can anyone explain how #RIM can lose 19% earnings from Q3 to Q4 roughly $125 million and still be optimistic?
Good morning everyone...So sleepy..went to bed early, had a weird dream then I slept in fragments
It's Free Cone Day! Head to your local Ben and Jerry's right now for a free scoop. You're welcome ;)
Hockey or music? RT : this is why we fight
I can't. But eventually.
I hate the fact that almost all my friends are in happy and cute relationships, and I'm single.
i KNOW im gunna die young....
tonite: attending informal Mass GTUG tonite. I/O discussion.
really want to a coffee right now....
“: Freedom is not letting your yesterday affect your today.”
Yes wit her clown face RT : Gia the only thing bad about you is that loud ass foundation you have on!!!
There is a really comprehensive one on the Spartan forums. It looks like it would punch a printer in the face though.
can you sing the melodies of the sun?
Follow my instagram
that's sweet...they make the best friends ever they love u unconditionally...they listen to u and they dnt talk back....
#CNN: Two Fullerton PD officers will stand trial for the beating death of 37-year-old homeless man Kelly Thomas.
My mom wants me to do chheerr.
LOVE YOU BOTH!!!!!! Love Goalies!
we will check it out keep doing your thing
My mentions are dead:/ BUT. I am so happy that Elliot noticed Austin today <3333333
Maybe Brad Childress can revive Tavaris Jackson's career. Oh wait, they will be both out of the #nfl shortly.
Some Guys Are Used To Dating Whores...When They Find A Real Woman They Have No Knowledge Of How To Treat Her....
enjoying the nice weather in the reston town center people watching
RT : Rounding up the fellaz..getting ready for Championship Friday in VA...let's go
Change is never easy. You fight to hold on. You fight to let go.
#withorwithoutyou I will be seeing the #Avengers on May 4th
#Imagine You're in school when Austin walks in and takes your hand and says, "Sorry, but she's done for today." to your teacher.
Please Follow?(:?
Thanks hun & #FF back to u! :)
Getting a congratulation ballroom from your friend lol omg
Yo LH, care to expand your social media reach? Join us for our pilot launch. Free advertising for you. DM us for more info!
facebook is pissing me off with all the drama going around :O
SING IT FOR THE BOYS, SING IT FOR THE GIRLS. EVERY TIME THAT YOU LOSE IT SING IT FOR THE WORLD!
Home...chillin' Like Feist, In My Leisure Suite!
Thanks for providing a new record store for me to visit.
Most female orgasms in one hour: 134.
RT RT : House music *I'm flying*
:-) Angry patients better not mess with you! Lol
This Paul guy is 15 years older than my dad... Be careful Ariana
WOW! Desperate Housewives is AWESOME - your thoughts?
RT : RT : I do not want to go to school tomorrow.
Just had the funniest phone conversation. With my mom. At 10 pm.
Good morning bro! How are you?
#93-Eric Berry-SS-Kansas City Chiefs
I'm going to be in LA in May to look at apartments. If you're interested we should meet up.
Slow head while I drive fast !
Thanks for the follow
oh well, your gonna have to buy another XBOX after it breaks, so the total cost will be around $296.
Great reference! But they weren't really "open."
Kaidan, y u no keep loving me??!!
in?old writing is part of Bible?(do u know who decided,betcha dont like that answer)
It's not that the 4th one is cinematic feces. It's better than most slasher flicks, but it's just not as good as the others.
I will be go. I've yet to meet them so looking forward to it. I know there helping out with music all night too.
Jason Weinstein of the #DOJ: When we seek to use your phone to get GPS records, we get a search warrant
#thatawkwardmoment when you're stacking huge boxes with a forklift and you start singing the Tetris theme to yourself.
Thanks for the retweet! :)
yes that plague was caused by
I hate rabbits
i bust michael hunter w/77...
I'll be up all night...
i know that must be mad af lookin at this bulls game smh!!!
": Love talking to but now I gotta wait til his peeling foot ass takes a nap to call me lol eww!! Lol MUAHZ!" <U+2665>
: is making me tweet. HI
I been wanting one of these mfs
amen girl big boobs are in the way a lot
That was the first time I've ironed and tweeted at the same time
Hey Tami, We can't wait to see you there!! :)
I like your guys sound, definitely keeping you in mind! Thanks for reaching out.
blogs, even on a weekly rate. i have only had a few chances to look at your newer posts. i don't know how i manage to keep up
Give me a call I'll tell you what needs to be done, when starting out on line, I have been online since oct 1995 want to talk
any word yet on schedule?
its called a Broncos game D! :) or my bday in july. :) LOVE u both :)
didn't make any changes at .25mi, was wearing hrm the whole time and phone had been locked right after starting run
I really wanna make a movie this summer.. I need a camera man, and actors. lets make this happen
You should straighten your hair in a keek(:
Son, If WE Follow You Mention Us To Your Friends, So They Can Follow Us -
Who are these clowns in the dunk contest?
WHEN R U COMING TO DENVER WE WANNA SEE U
Thanks so much, Erica. I'm so glad you enjoyed it. Esme and Rowie are throwing you the 4H sign!
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. – Tryon Edwards
the white mamba getting his minuets though
think i might eat some booms
Stoked to see you in Orlando man! I'm really looking forward to your presentation there! It's gonna be a KILLER Event!
I know, he's bugging me right now lol
Please tell me you're coming to the West Coast soon. Or maybe CHI?
#FridayReads Horns by Good read so far!
Thanks for clarifying! I'll retweet that for you since you're looking for new team members. :-)
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Get 10% off your roof repair today by calling 305-910-7388
Shout out to my favorite Washington Post columnist
GE and Budweiser?? What a partnership??
very cool first Chrismas in LA.
Less love More sex No calls Just texts New dude No ex More sleep No stress
Scored a 3.92 for the spring semester! Now on to RIT.
wonder if that was directed towards me.. haha cool <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
right? Lol I'm enjoying this game :) hahaha
I call em like I see em(:
Can't sleep..
I dont know what to sing!! Tweet Me!!!
#TerrifyingIfLiteral [Twet user X] is now following you
Do you have a tumblr? Cause there are several going around, as you, and I wanted to know if any of them are real..? xx
I just joined AFTRA!
Please make sure to follow us on Twitter if you aren't already following us
(bryan) Working at Top Pot this AM before coffee with – Shaping up to be a fun and fast paced week.
Visited the Panther Effigy Mound in Governor Nelson State Park today - skiing was a little too icy, but the sunshine was glorious.
you will deal! Lol but you're silly haha
Flight of the Concords just won an #oscar Yay!!
Yeah--he does have that effect on people. :) : weird as it sounds, i've always joked about wanting to adopt him haha.
Had 12 yards of mulch delivered. Holy Cow!! Thanks God for teenage nephews.
Brad Lincoln will assume duties at the mound.
I know, me too. I wonder who she thinks she is. Like, jdfhsierasdkjfsudyd that fuckery.
just got done with work. Trying to narrow down the new line. Time have a drink and relax.
Gavin Floyd did everything but set up a tee under that pitch.
Since 1982, the Car Crafters Team has provided the best collision, mechanical, and glass repair
Create a new look and update your home with new mouldings and doors from Mr.D's.We have been serving San Diego for over 26 years.Con.
Did anyone write down the sponsors for Meet the Press?
honestly is it mainly due to the ssd? Was thinking mbp and then upgrade the hdd to ssd.
It's hot! RT Did u see the app by ? Browse brews, find their tables, realtime top 10 & snap pics- very cool!
Political parties should be done away with NOW. We should be voting for laws, not for people.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!39
Anthony Hamilton if ur cool then I'm cool
How much?
Tots Tuesday is happening right now at the VLP! If you hurry, you can still catch it!
I want a Sunday kind of love TY let the tweeps begin!
That's what we call progress. ": ... can I remind everyone that was the first hit of the game in the BOTTOM OF THE THIRD INNING."
I found my driver's license!!!!!! I don't need anyone to hold my passport for me anymore lol SMH
The snowfall looks beautiful here in fair Verona.
I see that is a true Drake fan! :D
Follow Back
I always wanted a wolf.. Are they hyper?
#Leadership. When one teaches, two learn (said Robert Half), but when one leads, everyone criticizes! - Tom Davidson
dark roast. Sure
Thanks 4 the money twill
oh my, I forgot about that bottle of whisky. That was a fun night right up until you hit insomnia overdrive.
The Broncos holding on to an early lead over the #Aztecs 26-19 with 5:50 left in the half.
My love for you I have never felt for anyone .. Read my Tweets and Follow me please to send you all my love
Today has been the weirdest day
Final day of #webwise. Last eve featured Ian MacKaye on Fugazi Live series archive. On file sharing: "I wrote a song to be heard."
Working on the horror and the drama/comedy script today. Behold, a pale horse! And the name it said on him was coffee.
NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS SHITTY ASS FUCKIN MORNING.
ordered 3 gift squares and still have not received them ....
Something is wrong with the sols -.-
WHY IS SEX SO GOOD???
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not an easy thing but I think we may arrive at an agreement.
this follower is sitting around being depressed ...but you're not asking abt me tho
good night there, I've been busy but good thanks :) I just wanted to stop by and see how you were!! I like your avi btw!!
got it, thank you!! Excited to see the images..
Walked into you shop in Northridge. Next to Costco and Chic-Fil-la...epic,
#Threw vs
Good defensive play by Jurcina to separate Jagr from the puck behind the #Isles net
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter.
I'm headed to University Writing Program end of the semester breakfast & faculty meeting. It was a successful semester!
Haha this... RT : Keep IU beautiful. Restrict purdue visitors to a minimum this little 5
RT I hate black people k baby ....u hate US because u wont to be like us
Adrian Dom Srs taught English to immigrants at a card table. This year Aquinas Ctr Chgo celebrates 15 yrs of free ESL
"but I don't want to go, it's such a long schlep and my feet hurt" how's that?
yeah!! Im fine
“: Does that come in just slim kegs or big? (whatever answer you give them will be the wrong one)”--Lol Can't win!
I'm first class!!!
Rib bones give me #mudbutt. RT : have an extra plate of ribs, where do I leave it for you buddy
#FF ..RT: Who wants to reach 2500 followers by the end of the day? THIS GUY!
R there any good men left in this world I mean really r they lol
Great day at work...big things coming up for the Cougs! Now off to ice cream with the family
#irene did a check/raise. winds are building after a mostly calm day.
Shh, you're undermining my irrationally stubborn
I miss my bestfriend! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I was telling my coworkers today about Disney characters and you Chip and Dale and how they teach you to do autographs...
my names Adam and I know how to cus
"But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you."
...forgive me.
Ah !!! is gOing to Cheesecake Factory!!!!!! Omg I'm goin later!!!(:
Yeah, same page right there.
Did they win?
I'm mostly just mad that they took away my Premier status.
Bro. Calm down.
5 times in 20+ yrs? They should be thanking us for ending their embarrassment.
#mythoughtsduringsex if I nut ima be mad
Yes indeed. I'll post links to the archive early next week.
Today was beyond fantastic.....sometimes the unexpected is exactly what God expected....woowoowoo2012!!!!WorkPayingOff
passion pits new song "take a walk" is about relieving stress with exercise, i prefer to do it with compulsive eating so i'll "take a wok"
Since The Mexicutioner is already taken, as is Muscle Shark, I think I'm going to have to settle for Gustav Mauler.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once.
Did I remember correctly that your sister is on tv tonight?
RT If Your Pumped For #PrettyLittleLiars And Or #TheLyingGame...I AM! :)
don't worry I'm just messing with you. One love
@ Thanks so much for the follow have a super week....
Lonnie Bunch: Today we call the lost dream back.
Good morning world
See you tonight at our connection event at Luci Boutique! Wear RED & your scarves!
Heard a great quote this morning, "Life is not about weathering the storm, it is about learning how to dance in the rain!" Happy Friday!
feelin horrible but lookin good for everyone(: just to see him!
Big bags under ma eyes..
Thanks for the shout-outs and !
yes no processed flour or gluten... are u no sugar and simple carbs? Thinking about it?
I FEEL U THATS A GOOD SLEEP
Hey girl! How ARE you?!
you are to kind to include me with such an amazing bunch!
Did this in therapy sessions. RT : Creating a gratitude list can move you from emotionally down to cognitively "up" state.
They all living a lie on twitter ..
love you :)
Creating a Yelp profile is a great way to increase an online presence.
Young & Gifted Foundation - Not Afraid to Fail - Believing You Can Succeed!
The look has to be commanded to stop :: we should credit its mobile energy, ubiquitous/unremarked quality its power derives from :: P Frosh
I would never eat a fly, I like cheeseburgers
The moment when your lil brother decides to kick you in the face! Boy you sure as hell aint asian! You are to fuckin white!!
Bad decsions by OAK pitchers
you had something about too much on your mind or going on and not likely to sleep
Thanks so much!
Congrats to on winning 's "Best Stand-Up Comic" in #Buffalo. It was an honor to be nominated, thank you.
Are you feeling more confident about the residential building market this year?
SECURITY PROFESSIONALS - WANTED
#sla2011 any philly residents know of park near CC or within walking distance for birding? will determine if i bring binocs
The curse of the Polar Bear continues! #UWBB 10 in a row against IU. Win #2 in that streak was Butch's buzzer beater at IU over #12 Indiana
I TOTALLY forgot about the movie!
Trolling for audio gear!
smething 2 the saying "those who can: do; cant: teach & can do neither: manage" that indicates how messed up our passion is?
Final table of 7 in the 2k 8game. Top 5 pay, still 5 players left in the last longer. I'm the third shortest stack...
I forgot to add to second half of message. Make sure u look at it lol
Be nice! Pretty funny though.
Thanks, Jo!
So the idea is being floated around to move the Belltown Art Walk to First Thursday. Any thoughts?
wish I knew! He does have great stories though. Lots of pics too. Almost every story has a ton of laughing w/ it
Awk. This one MILF is pole dancing at Bebe. She's nipping hard.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 40
Swing at the first pitch of the game - yes or no?
follow back?<3
is LIVE now 7-8pm - listen and learn about the wines of South Africa; will be on the show next Monday
Hit in face w/baseball today. Wasn't at work, cant even say a pro gave it to me. ball bounced off my glove while playing catcher in the park
Growlers of Gaithersburg has re opened.. Please stop in and support the brewery..
Papi, give 2 quick runs with that bat, please!
Oh, I thought you said it's in Connecticut. Cool! Not far at all, I live 1 min from Abbey! IDK how u deal w/ her btw!
All hail Queen Sumi, Protector of the People.
i really love that 70s show (:
Had to take a breathalyzer test just to get into my high school homecoming. So proud of who I'm gonna be graduating with.
Working on an imprinted stainless steel bottle project www.BNoticed.com
I'm sure I could've tried harder, but I know I couldn't have cared more.
You mean so much to me , but its just not worth the tears anymore <|3
To sit in traffic and look at the ocean or to not sit in traffic and look at hillsides. These are the dilemmas that haunt me.
Wow RT : Millennials spend 8 hours per day day looking at screens - TV, computer, iPad, phone, etc. -
Its great but you know that, you designed it and did a splendid job! How is Portland?
Cam Newton needs to stay healthy so l hope he doesn't get to be on the cover of Madden. Sorry Cam
Nice day off. Feeling better about the future. Unless the cool of the evening is, in fact, the shadow of a giant shoe waiting to crush me.
Aw thankyou so much for subscribing and tweeting about me! You're awesome :D
Delicious, delicious Bar Tartine to celebrate a raise at work. Nice start to the weekend.
Don't forget to stop by #CHOP this week at the 24/7 House at Ave X and Broadway!!!
Brooklyn its been lovely!
The Blaze blew us away this year. The female pirate was a highlight. Thank you so much for the Halloween shock-and-awe! :)
Hmm.. Happy mother's day. :D
My right nipple gets hard easier than my left. /:
heading to MSK arena in Eugene for Beaver shootaround. Civil War tip at 2pm.
I will save these links as tomorrow, I'm doing a pitch for teaching lab biologists programming
tweet she has worked quite a bit with also.
park is just magical. I'm excited for the restaurants that are coming, but sad that its undiscoveredness will change
So it looks like I missed quite a show last night! Who watched the Grammy's? What should I YouTube?
it's crazy that you mean so much to me yet I'm to afraid to tell you #wth :/
TALK TO ME
've taken to listening to an airport scanner while grading on my porch. Decent into crazy old man status 75% complete.
Count down begins! Only Hours Before the launch of the New Dream World Effect Site!!!
I use to love Saturdays sleep in late nothing to do chill and relax and then I became an adult and had kids...do I need to say more
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money - Robert Collier
#DontYouHateWhen no one plays you back on 'Draw Something'.
Writing my next play. Someone tell me a story:)
remember, time is only a construct
Well then perhaps you need to put an end to your pity party if you're not gonna share the good stuff ===> I have my priorities!
yep, why? You wanna be one? :p
can you say 'overproduced'? :))))
so what's the problem?! i got 6 racks for a human life
You are welcome :) And yeah .. what do you want to talk about?
If your name is Sonya or Agnes you were an accident.
i am now ready to date you #donalddriver:) #DWTS,
trying to figure out how to tweet onegreengnome and thecraftybees!!!!! digi dang
I need to find dog siter in Boston, MA caz next trip my puppies coming w me.
any guesses on how many times you'll do the homerun slide today? Our guess is twice :) Go
Couldn't use phone during #arlis2012 but almost home full of great new ideas
Super awesome MVP. :)
Go ! RT : just had a fight club reference at #supportsxsw. anytime you quote fight club is a net positive. ;-)
some serious hail in East
Congrats to CB Richard Ellis for being named to the prestigious "Companies that Care" honor role for the 4th consecutive year!
Russ with a dish to Dieng, a 3 and a forced TO. Game changer. Plus swop for 3? Might be Cards nite
I need to see that picture.
What's your favorite #iPad app?
u must be smoking like me
hey u!
Every time I see the slanted window roof at Sony Studios I fight the urge to slide down it. Has that been done? Would just need potato sack
who is our governor working for ???????? We need better housing in NYC okay
Will Reps work with Dems to help fix this nation? Current partisanship in Washington is what is killing this nation
yeah, just pick up a few of them. Ha!
If you didn't get a follow back from me, you will. Especially if you're interesting. #UnlessYoureNot ...
Im a Mahomie and a Constancio -According to Lauryn!!....
TACO BELL FOREVER.
My next days off are Monday and Wednesday.
so much thirst & it's not even midnight yet... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Gettin crazeh in here with Going to perform soon!! Get here!!
Ran the Tough hills but great race.
These niggas rapping bout dick
This is such an awesome stat...great story RT : via the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all hitters, ever.
Thanks for sharing our $1 deal :)
Think u meant but I'll take it! :)“: I think its safe to say that has the best legs in DFW sports"
Peace be with you at this time.
what are your summer plans
hope everyone is having a wonderful & productive week so far, don't forget to check out www.drivethrustudio.com and feel free to contact us!
Check out Making Sense of The American Civil War:: Finding Your Civil War Ancestors at Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 11 a.m.
there's a leak in my office! arggghh
that is a kickstarter :)
OH "There's nothing to look forward to when approaching 30 except for salt-and-pepper hair; then I could get away with wearing more tweed."
Twitter / Twitter buttons #irecommendthis via
LA or Den?
Just live your life! Stop crying over spilled milk.
..."Censorship feeds the dirty mind more than the four-letter word itself." HBD Dick Cavett
a bit of both for me! :(
Music is such an escape..
Happy Labour Day!!!
im w/ ya
Oh Zachary's! It's like Chicago, but in the east bay.
If you're near a TV right now, you must be watching the 2nd half of AC Milan v Arsenal. Sporting excitement at it's best. What a game.
why does nobody respond to my tweets anymore? ...
That's a lot of subsoil! You guys finding any more artifacts?
My sister was looking at twitter and was like "hey, look someone else has your pictures!" "no, abby that's us" "oh, i knew that."
Due to maintenance, it is HOT in the Fine Arts Library today. Bring a smoothie. (And one for your favorite librarian, of course!)
Good morning, my dear!! Great Friday to you!! HUGS!! :)
so much trouble. I am doing everything else but the paper.
Sometimes I get goosebumps by how sick some of my work turns out.
At The Doctor Checkinq On My Son Then Im Off To The Dentist Then Im On My Way Home To Go Back To Sleep !
Its so early I tried to put on two pairs if underwear TF I need a red bull PIT STOP!
Never give up on something or someone that you can't go a day without thinking about.
About to turn off the blackberry and spend so time with pp without the distraction of my phone
Happy Birthday shout out to my big bruh enjoy ur day
I hope I don't dream about you tonight, because even that three second dream sent me through the flames of hell. I don't want the pain.
Fritz and the Tantrums just debuted great new song "She's Out of My League" #Coachella audience first to hear
Was she & when? If me and you are talking and I say that I didn't like so & so shoes is that talking sugar honey iced tea?
Good info: RT : all 3 are very good, love that all 3 were born from the same yeast strain.
Writing riffs like its my job!
Still wish would follow me but it's ok, he will :)
We young niggas, we just tryna be
What could one do if they were interested in a meeting with you?
bored in ela i wanna go home
#WaysToGetOffThePhone~ my son is acting up let me call u back
Lols ask Logan
lol im god
Whatever it is -- I didnt do it!
go to busch gardens and tan on the dirty beach... Blah lol.
my friend Jordan texted me yesterday and it made feel like there isn't anything that can hold me back
Little nuggets running all over the place! It's definitely an interesting work day.
My foot is so swollen that I have sausage toes.
building my first Exhibit and like the motto: "your data, your mess, your business! :-)"
#LT I think my stomachs caving in because of how hungry I am
8:00 - we will save u the Table
Cool, let me know when you are here! “: looking forward to checking out new ballpark later. Boris305 gotta link up!”
well I was thinking about gong to get something to eat but no one gets off till late
Go back to school next week
That is awesome!! Do you have a plan or roadmap that others can use???
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Just played Left 4 Dead 2 and StarCraft 2 at PAX. But the game I played the most was lining up...
I've gotten it and I've given it, lol. "Let's be friends" is so 1980s...;)
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." – Leon J. Suenes
Pulling gears always makes me feel better
I enjoyed the article. Glad to see elected officials so discriminate with taxpayer funds.
Montana Deleted Her Twitter !! Wth She Was In ICON !! I Didn't Even Know !! :O
If any of us had a child that we thought was as bad as we know we are, we would have cause to start to worry.
Whatever just dont listen to my brother
we've missed you this week. Feel like the rudder's a little stuck... WIsh you were coming to #SAA in Memphis.
Goodnight big lip :P
Gay is not God's way.
That's a downside?
Who would YOU like to take a cruise with? #KidRock? #LynyrdSkynyrd? Find out more about cruisin with rock stars
Congrats on the feature!
What is your favorite Tequila brand? Happy Saturday!
Congrats to on 420kW #solar power plant in
Really wanting to get this 1/2 sleeve tattoo but too many designs in my head o well I guess
yep, sorry, if I wasn't clear
work done. workout done. dinner is served. smokey lentils and mushrooms, baked with a bit of daiya and puff pastry top. raw kale salad.
What the hell are zigs
I want a man but I don't need one.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. ~Arthur C. Clarke
hell yea! Its cold in the mil!
All's I'm saying is, I will support my local record store, but this kinda thing is a gaping hole in that whole "community" thing.
Thanks man!! Hooah!
She exceeded in her normalcy.
Hope everyone had a happy and safe New Year! Watch for our latest commercial for Wall and Associates on FOX and CBS!
A1 our print newsletter is mostly for donors but our enews goes to everyone (donors, volunteers, etc.)
Heey handsome how was your day !?(:<33
YEA I GOT U.IS THIS FOR FRI NIGHT? CUZ I NORMALLY DO SHOWDISC OR FLASHDRIVE
the question was about "sacrifice" currently average people have been hit hard by recession
text me
The Music Sounds Better With You Baby(;
Good luck!
don't forget about the grade/red/orange soda
Sencha, shaken, not stirred, with Hawaiian Paradise (Pineapple mango fruit blend) with a hint of peppermint.
Good day tweeps! Fresh outta church..Time to chill a bit.
": Someone just took a punter. Seriously." And the jaguars continue their ways
The Walk is 107 miles. We will have over 60 walkers at the start including 2 Cincinnati Bengals
omg, cant believe the beeper didnt go off lol
Venetian HU against . He had no cards at all and I was running pretty hot. We started even in chips, but it never became a real game
Fishing ... is a sport invented by insects and you are the bait.
Spectrum Surgical Offers Complete Line of Veterinary Dental Instruments - PR Web (press release)
Sounds perfect for a day like today...or maybe a day like any day...
#kidscreen Pitch It parent panel remarkably informed & thoughtful about their kids' TV use...except one who 3x said it's her babysitter. lol
Follow me back please(: Im a huge hunter<3
It sad too see you just forget
#TebowGotTradedFor a box of crayons
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Am I the only one that thinks Siri is a little too close to Skynet?
Thats the first thing that came to mind when reading this article, fucking rapists, they think they own the place.
im goin h.a.m. hard as a muthafucca lettin these niggaz know who i am
drunk just thinking about it!
Bristol palin can have an opinion when she learns how to keep her legs closed. She thinks gay marriage is bad, what about premarital sex?
Captain America is walking by the office outside my window.
We have an excellent Warehouse Manager – I0585 A confident man manager with a proven track record in warehouse, transport and distribution …
Great meeting you yesterday!
thank you
Just trying to get this day over with so I can go home and relax
NYS Commish of Education is now on Twitter . NYS Librarians should consider giving him a follow
Don't worry, you're not alone.
": Thank you!! Best wishes to you and if you are ever up here in Seattle let us know were making films!
cool, thought I had seen that. I will work on getting my info you you this week!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Always great to meet a fellow Austonite!
MongoDB is pretty much sweet.
Somehow the rockers are in first place in the LOD in a rebuilding year. U desperately need two hitters though.
when I was 17 my mom bought me a playgirl subscription for Christmas because she was certain I was gay (I am not)
Lakers!!!! Kobe 48 points I need my prediction was right :).
Who's your audience for the Archives 101 class? Mine is local govt records managers. Would love to talk!
oh u mexicans never change smh..
RT : Get 20% off in Hey Monday's merch store this weekend! bit.ly/nDNKSr (use promo code LABORDAY20)
You've already reached your goal! :-)
First #aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park. Save the date!
i don't!
Alot more golf to be seen on CBS and NBC. Long term tv contracts signed in spite of the decline of Tiger. Solid
if you were my boyfriend , ill never let you go, keep you on my arm boy, you'd never be alone...thatd never happen. LOL :(
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
I agree scale up has as many issues as scale down. As I mentioned, it's all about use case. What use cases are transfered?
Helo the dog is great at blocking our view as well. But purely out of love!
Or new shoes.
ok...what gym u workout at?
"Life is like a stubborn mule, it doesn't back up." <3
Being stuck in a bland hotel room in the boonies of Raleigh has done wonders for my productivity on a Friday night
Thank you for the book recommendations!
match.com is where I met my wonderful wife! I highly recommend it.
on this grind all the way thru the late night started this beat!
Really?! Seriously? I have softball tonight! kill me now!!!!
yes, after May 4th would be good!
lets go heat yall got it dis year i can feel it
“: Cuddling with a teddy bear releases the same amount of endorphins as having sexual intercourse.” ...We're through
Dynamic Personalization coming to every interaction near you. Super helpful for consumers, super valuable for bran...
Going to watch the hockey game tonight! :) Go Canucks Go!!!
#ThingsYouNeverHear Man, #PHP handles this large dataset really well!
At lunch my stomach was growling in math class... What was awk was that it was dead silent and we were taking a test...
Wow I hope can make it to 50k. 9 days and 2202 followers needed! WE CAN'T MISS THE SURPRISE EVERYONE SWAB THE PROOPS DECK
Yes we will be selling produce. But remember donation money will only be used for charity purposes and will not go towards the sold produce!
Just for the record... B.O. is NOT cute!
its a good and bad thing it just shows how strong you are <3
Those names smell like money :)
#RT I agree #Living #Social, put a cap on your Pandora ads. I have had to listen to the same ad 6 weeks & am officially annoyed
Don’t leave something good to find something better, Once you realize you had the best, the best has found better.
Eating a super yummy toffee that makes up for an awful lunch...
#WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
Fucking bum: Douglas is a dummy! #Knicks”
I just got the mental picture of you playing with E...then your eyes slowly beginning to shut & you startle yourself awake.
Congrats to Chichi Adeleke, #ARathlete from Acceleration Iowa, a proud member of Athletic Republic. She's a cheetah showing...
Any suggestions for some good podcasts to listen to?
thank you.
hahaha the inconvenient saltwater fish?
come back to the city
Join OVS this Sunday, March 6, from 4-5:30PM, for a journey through the Jewish South as we present the film "Shalom Y'All". $5 per person.
Thanks for the help. Turned out to be a virus. Malwarebytes found it, but Microsoft Security Essentials didn't.
RT : = Brands find how audience feels about products, people, industries & competitors
thanks 4 takin the time to talked 2 me :)
Working on my piece for the Bead Soup Blog Party!
Please contact me for any new castings.
#ObamasTeenYears during which Mitt Romney was already creating jobs by shipping American jobs overseas.
I guess I should go vacuum out my car...
Same thing with fruit in oatmeal!
Does anyone know why my iPad would suddenly stop connecting to the internet through my WiFi? Still works for the laptop.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe that at school you're only allowed two parent notes to sign in late.
A source says $125 million in competitive school grants in #NYSBudget. Cuomo had sought $250, assembly wanted only $50
The amazing to me about a treadmill desk is that you hardly notice how far you've walked. I'm always shocked.
can I ask u a quick question?
that hat will seal the deal. #ladieslovetheGordon'sfisherman
Follow me back
my current cost $TNH is $236. looking to scale back in at these levels a share at a time 1$ cost/trade...
Thanks for the follow! Lets keep making Northeast Baltimore awesome together for the children and families we serve!
Reading over the crap I wrote yesterday....not all that bad, after all. Haha, I really should write more often :P
Thank you! Wonderful!
are you watching that little red running dude? Hilarious!
Watching "Jumping the Broom" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Let's discuss social media IN galleries. says may detract from extended looking. Or might help digest. Your thoughts?
: no what I am saying is this is all much more complex then can be understood in pithy tweets.
And thank YOU so much for playing those shows! Your band has tremendous talent and we look forward to seeing you continue on.
all in, they were good!
interesting lecture at tomorrow on Kahlo's The Suicide of Dorothy Hale, I'll be there, join me!
I feel bad that people follow me on twitter and i dont' twit. or at least I don't think I twit. Do i twit?
mine started dating a girl way to young for him.. It disgusts me actually haha
Nobody's getting over me. I got the swag and it's pumping out my testes!
waffles with syrup and powdered sugar.....
Where's a good cafe / dive bar with Acoustic Guitar music in #Washington #DC #DCeats #DCfoodie #NoVA #Bethesda #SilverSpring #MD ??
RT : PREDICTION: Santorum about to very publicly come to the conclusion that Mitt Romney is not as bad as he previously thought.
Was mildly annoyed by the construction on my block until I realized it's probably the fiber going in. Work away!
Up 30 hours straight.
thanks for sharing
Shit was gud real recognize real so we fuckin with each other
Exactly. But i guess ppl don't know how to handle a loved ones death and tweet about it non stop -.-
In order to learn, one must change one's mind. ~Orson Scott Card
OMG!!!!!! Its a tornado watch for Cuyahoga County!!!!!! OMG!!!!
I just gave someone directions! #imapittsburger!
hey girl. Can you come outside today?
Super random barry alvarez cameo on entourage
Congrats, Brewers! Time to start the second season!!! Can't wait!! What a sports weekend coming up for Wisconsin!
For a quiet day at the end of Arts & Humanities Month, carefully read a sacred text
that's too bad that you won't see Safe travels and Merry Christmas!
when will you be collabing with me *wink wink*** lol only about two more weeks!!!!
ZICO will be hydrating the Rolling Hills this morning beginning 9:30AM! Stop by for an ice cold ZICO!
Maryland (briefly)
Dig your slogan: "east coast drive with west coast vibe". You could copyright that.
To quote Joseph Welch re: Limbaugh "Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency?"
more like three
In a bit of pain today since I was trying not to take pain meds, um, take them;)
Little league football, homework(10 mins) and waffles for dinner, oh the life of an 8 yr old boy! He asked me about pronouns, uh yeah ok!
Just returned from the Eyes on the Future press conference. Check out the website www.eyesonthefuture.biz for details regarding the summit.
okay great! send me the link when it comes out ahaha :)
And yet again she blogged mood, temper, humor, and caprice
good luck and say a quick prayer before you take it.
Everyone's complaining about their Klout scores going down - but mine went up! Do you think it really matters anyway?
We are having a great weekend, and hope you are too! Busy, busy! Happy mid-January!
Rio Rancho schools closed for a 3rd day due to roads. (Hardly any snow in heart of Abq.)
Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Hey #Graco make a #baby monitor that doesnt make a screeching feedback noise. Ruined 45 min of rocking her to sleep
there's always Wheel of Fortune! I'll hook it up.
"I'm not a ghost, I'm a catfish."
much love baby keep showing it 2 me shawty
artomatic may18-june23 1000plus artist,music art ,1851 s, bell st Arligton Va,I HAVE 20 SOME PAINTING SHOW CALLED DC OVERLOAD ON SECOND FL b
365 no days off
Twitter is preventing my creative potential for this
68 days till I see my two favorite people!!! Let's hit fast forward please!
National Weather Service confirms a tornado touched down Tuesday in Scott County. For full details and photos see Thursday's News-Graphic.
#glee has
Mid-City CAN's youth group organizing the 1st D9 council debate. At Hoover High on May 23 at 5:30.
poo good to know, thanks!!! i'll check it out right now!
cuz things aint right (; Dale, close your eyes and pray.
Rep. Bob Filner has pledged to support the #nurses' proposal to #taxWallStreet!
Like to know moreRT : Q3 #libchat We're hosting a city-wide Teen Poetry Contest. Last year (our first) we had over 200 entries. :)
Stop n go on 670 through downtown loop, WB
Thanks! Glad to follow you as well :)
SAVE THE DATE: Feb. 26-28 is the All Tx Garden Show with Neil Sperry at Arlington Conv. Center, more info @ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
and less than a day for me to head back to the ship! cc:
RT : U #FLT niggas just think y'all can do wat u want huh?<----you damn skippy
seriously? They are fucking ugly
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 27
another victim of the wedge!!
Perfect weather today... nice breeze, fresh cut grass, birds chirpin...
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : If your face looks like a giant grease ball due to your lack of OIL CONTROL MAKE UP. Nope. Just go. Take it off.
Set your sights high, the higher the better
Getting off at 12:30 on a school night<
I'm hungry too
THESE GIRL WILL NOT LAVE ME ALONE ANY ONE GOT ANY HELP I DONT WAANA BE A DICK BUT SHIT, But back THE HELL OF LADIES. im good for real!
I just saw a statement by the director which, in light of the endorsement today seemed a bit petty and confrontational.
Minister of Public Safety Highlights Online Tools for Emergency Preparedness Week - MarketWatch (press release)
#Browns are more than $30 million under the cap. CBA says they have to spend 99% of cap by middle of season...on who?
The Smiths >
YOU AMAZING DRUMMER BOY <3
#Irony Emo kids eating happy meals
Slap Junior and Graham Road Band will be here Saturday, May 19! Don't forget to stop by and see us!
Thanks for the follow Funmilayo! I like your quote. It's been 6 years since I "managed" that. Two guesses, why? :)
As is Chuck.
Web-Based E-Books for authors/publishers. Semi-custom application includes design, editing, e-bookstore, and single format HTML5 reading.
Second best tweet of the day? calling me & the SoMe Brat Pack.
Profeta introduced William Reilly, former head of EPA. He's talking about preponderance of scientific opinion vs. "lethargy" of people.
did i mention i hate all that banging electro shit. like all that #facemelting bass shit. Give me a hook. Give me some vocals. Let me 2step
Hoping to make it home in time for #gayYA chat tomorrow. But we'll see.
Oh, I see. Looks like he thew at Carlos Guillen?
Who knos what 2 do when ya account won't let u follow anymore ppl?
I'm so graceful for my life right now. My shaking right now.
Depends on where you live.
i'm not home right now but aftr 8 I'll text you
Wow there wasn't no fight at the dinner table today :3
“: #IfIwasPresident The penalty for driving slow in the fast lane...Death. Texting during a film..Death. have my vote bro!
Best use of keynote transitions award goes to
I remember how to do this. "Fire mission: Conservative in the open..."
Oo got a disipline essay! That's more writing I have to do..just because I flicked my pencil across the room!!! Gawwh
ah same here mann
Enjoying a benefit dinner w the fine folks at
Just keeps getting better!!!
Heard you guys just snagged Mr. Daniels, congrats! He's a good guy, glad to see he escaped the casino as well.
Wishing you all a Happy Valentines Day!
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
The upcoming Innovate! Pitch Slam events in Boston, Austin, and Los Angeles are the last cities in a 30-city world tour
Hugs, kisses and many thanks to and for making me look and feel beautiful today! Love you both!
This is a great week to be successful, especially with showing compassion!
Matt Light retiring. A fantastic player for the #Patriots for a decade. Good news for DEs and OLBs in the AFC East.
One of few friends That can get some sense into me <U+2665>
oh my gosshhh you need to get out of my mind, like NOW ! O_o your one person i should not be thinking about at the moment..
Lol thats your boat nick name RT : MIGHT HAVE TO PUT "THE SENIOR CITZEN" (MY BOAT) ON THE WATER 2MARO
it does help. Lol. If Kevin can't do it, no one can!!
awesome! We'll look for your order! :)
finna record on dis beat wit me my bro n my otha niggas i might put out my mixtape next month
Just tried to wipe with my left hand. It was more pathetic than a deer trying to walk for the first time.
Uhmm.. You were talking shit about me in chemistry...
Was in Vail this weekend for the Vail Snowsports annual paperwork & training session. Great to be back in the mountains. Devo starts soon!
I-- I've been that GM. My god.
You are totally right! Nicely done!
i love ray ray.
World Peace said I don't shake hands with substitutes.
Happy Birthday Audrey Hepburn!
dam ur painting looks awesome !!!!!
When the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills. - Chinese proverb
By the by I'm in Portland, ME and this week I've learned to love being busy again.
STUDENTS, STAFF & FACULTY THE OPENING OF THE "NEW DINING HALL" IS HERE TODAY DURING COMMUNITY HOUR 2ND FL NEW BUILDING PLUS MUSIC AND FOOD!
Thank you for the support RT : Good luck. Rubio is a lifetime 1%, a corporate sellout. He is representing the wrong people.
hot as fuck....
I'm not surprised, either, at bone-headed decisions from NBC. But deeply disappointed.
I've been taking notes, tomorrow I will share some observations. #vegasbaby cc
Lol okay but only if it's just u
What's your favorite cowboys and indians song?
I'm sick.
sure whatz up
It's #FollowFriday! Show your support for #hospice care and local hospices by retweeting.
you ARE all of my #fairytales come true. Always have been always will be... I actually kept a straight face when I typed that too!
Happy New Year everyone. Lets make it great!
Just heard Miley Cyrus cover Bob Dylan. I think I'm going to be sick.
~ With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. ~ Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Saw The #Raven tonight...meh # movies
sick and tired of being sick and tired
It's that time. Headed to the Cort house do what I do. Time to make things happen and make people upset lol hopefully not myself. Wish m
So glad found love!
oh ya? My office was right behind the flight line, noisy work environment but loved watching them take off & land ;)
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3<U+2665>
At the book signing for and Juanita the weasel is here!!!!
where? “: Drugs<3”
Better to reach a goal early than late! Today HR FEN has reached 1,000 past events!!
matt damion says he attended public school from k-12
my bad peeps, ya boy been locked in Davy Jones Studio Locker but im back with more hits then u can count!!! S/O to my music lovers
Isla fisher and Amanda seyfried both pretaped the seven at MTV. Sorry fans
my employers contribution to my health plan is more than the penalty they would pay for not insuring me.
You're so right. Awesome.
Dear Yotes fans: YOUR team keeps fucking itself with an inability to keep level heads. Not the refs.
Just got $200.50 for some of my books. Oh hey wallet, you're feeling pretty good right now.
"Hey Wilson, are you a baller?" "What's that?"
You can't swing a dead cat with out _______ !
“ Pain makes you stronger, Fear makes you braver, & Heartbreaks make you wiser...”
Dear Intuit - please let the Mint gurus fix Quicken. Pretty please?
I got mine on Now if only they would send me the rug I bought 3 months ago....
I cheated & saw some photos Just wait it gets worse.
Oh umm idk :O and 10 i think? Cause you need to have 7 sentences in passe composse
10 Facebook Tips ; DEACTIVATE AND GET A TWITTER.
When your best friend ignores you<<<<<<<
Thanks Andrew! You're the man. :-)
Check me out on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWN LOAD CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO ON YA ANDROID..ON TUNE IN RADIO APP
they not stale
I just got poster buddy in Boston! My jaw was on floor when I saw pic. Know how much they cost?
Were you wearing tennis shoes? They must have thought they were in Dallas...
Good Luck! RT : woohoo! So lucky. I have to wait until March.
Kiss cam. The Wave is out dated.
Intro Complete.....
thank you shasta :-)
help meh get more followers please:D
...So my interview went pretty good I guess:) So glad I knew the person who interviewed me though!
What's the liq read
Have you had any problems with the new bike traffic signal at N. Williams and Broadway in Portland?
Wonderful to be back home with all kinds of great global ideas to better serve our real estate community!
For once, "happy with nothing but the sweet F.A. of the night."
lol Ik (: I would want you to go!
amen to that
Heading out to Vegas tomorrow morning, then off to LA on Monday!
Thinking about making do dramatic readings of "Where the Wild Things Are" when he comes into today
Now you both need to shut the fuck up.
Currently being entertained attending a mandatory truancy workshop with daughter - she is having senioritis.
~~ Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it. ~~
Ayers: "We can make progress by embracing what we have been as well as what can become." Both/and, not either/or.
Doin big things rite now happy birthday boy!
True - might need to keep to a single theme, and it's hard to do that w/a crowd. Might be fun, tho - would be like jazz
Stop messing wit my head u do this evryday <U+E023>
Skim the bad parts, sip joyfully the good ones.
Fellow Indies are my heart!
yeah just like ladies nipples get rocked on a thought were ready in the morning that's why morning sex rocks literally lmao!
With 3 buses running down Wisconsin, and a half hour between buses at 4 in the afternoon, this city is inaccessible to me.
- how does it feel to again lose to my team?
Yayyyaaa! :) We led at chapel/s this morn and are the guest band at FNL tonight.
Hi Mollie!!! Every time you talk about Phillip Phillips performances on Idol this season, your face blushes.
You need to expand your circle of tweeps. The tax guys in my list don't care @ maps, unless it signals a tax rate change.
good news: this "bad energy" is only hyper localized to whichever room she is occupying at any given time.
Thank you! It actually turned out great! We had quite a few people and everyone seemed to like the cake, lol!
“: I still can't figure out how anyone bought a zoo in this economy.” Or would spend the money to see a movie about buying one.
I did it, Michelle. You woulda been proud.
Going to help my uncle move from his 2nd floor apartment. Time to see if my back is ok. Wish me luck :s
One of those has to be the ONE.
I turn into a pumpkin at 10pm.
I started drinking at 2pm and got home at 2am. The shocking part is that I didn't do anything truly embarrassing or illegal.
that's gonna be a GREAT b-day gift!!
Oh YES I have! Man, I *still* remember Ron Howard's brother's scary smile on the VHS cover of ICM! And the bad guy from...
hi their doc
text me
Pray they miss! Our '95 tourney team faced same problem w/Ray Allen,Kevin Ollie UConn team. Not a good fellin...
Did she really just take a pic of #dogtheboungyhunter as he takes her husband to the slammer?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 9
He think they should rehire Millen too? RT Drew Sharp Thinks #Lions Should Cut LeShoure & Fairley Because of Encounters w/ Weed
bo Caps, be lucky we like your music ;]
Today is a great day bc now you can officially listen to Cee Lo's "Fuck You" again without people saying, "I'VE HEARD THAT 6 TIMES TODAY"
There is something dead in the apartment. This is not good at all.
Agree! Communism destroyed our culture. #ShenYun's mission is to revive 5,000 years of divinely inspired Chinese culture.
If its commonly know that they're called "tramp stamps," then shy do girls still get them?
My internet is being dumb. Ugh.
Thanks for the RT duder. Been seriously trying to get my work out there.
thanks for the follow! I can't wait to view your work! I shoot mostly in Delco. Check me on Facebook/camseaphotography!
Ok go swimming with one. lol
What's the point of having it all without the person you love? - A. Keys
Being grounded suck assasssssssssssasssssss
Bitches I am cool, is my fan. *lol I wish*
Give a man a blintz, and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to blintz ...
During his six years as our State Senator, Marty Golden has gained a solid reputation of getting things done for Brooklyn.
Check out the City of Glendale's new website: RT : The City of Glendale Welcomes You! www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
Witty follows:
Nice! Yeah, I know Viral is active with HLAA DC.
If having Wendy Christensen and Mike Farr in town wasn't enough, surprise guest at SOUNDPIECES last night was Machinedrum! dope dope dope
#20thingsaboutme ; uhm. my favorite clothing brand on me is Hollister & American eagle.
thanks for following us !
Hot Fries > Takis . All day !!
AFTER PROM PARTY AT THE HURRICANE MCDONALDS! EVERYONE'S WELCOME!
Thanks, LaVonda! Will check out your short story.
do you want to liven it up? :P YOU CAN GO ON IT ANYTIME YOU WANT. dm me a password and i'll change it ;)
oh thats #mature!!
as far as it went. I feel more of an interaction with the brand on twitter than FB.
RT Shoulder blades sound way more awesome than they are.
Who wants to teach me how to golf? <U+26F3>
lol no worries. I sent DM
Sellin a hp pavillion dv4 notebook pc with a belkin fan..message me offers..
Absolutely! RT : Food = easiest way to someone's heart! haha
OK, I'm not giving #Pacers enough credit. Mainly #Heat reaction. I've been watching #Pacers all year & they're a solid, well coached group.
Happy birthday, ! (with like 5 minutes left) hope it was awesome?
was gettin' it at prom. haha.
Het Tom give me the scoop on the Fa Packers will pick-up.Any chance Forte if he holds out long enough?
Used to be me!
just to replace my fuel pump some shop wants to price gouge me.uggghhh used fuel pump at that gotta watch out.
picking up the kitchen, bathing kids, and cleaning the house... all of the duties of a world changer!
Haha...sorry about that! I need Social Media Goddess to teach me a thing or to about how to use Twitter. D'oh!
RT : Awesome weekend ahead with the Event, Adams Family at , mother's day and then off to Spain on...
EPIPHANY: #Crew96 being dead last in the WORLD in weekly avg salary is almost exactly what Zak Bernardo meant by "Massive."
Hard to say. Kennedy, I suspect, is the swing vote.
Haha! Thank you. Just for that I will send you a deep fried gumball. Or margarita. Whichever sounds more appetizing.
My birthday is less than two days away. I don't want to get older.
“: A "Tebow" is when you're awful most of the game, but win it at the end anyway. A "Lebron" is the complete opposite”
Parenting essentially a combination of unappealing jobs: waiter, short-order cook, janitor, personal assistant. Not quite what I expected.
When a girl is as much a bulls fan as me or more. + 15 points
Ok boo! You can call me for anything. I'm m serious.
John Hollinger says Derek Fisher could be bought out. Would you want the Miami Heat to sign the veteran point guard?
OOooohhh… shiny new platinum debit card… cause I'm so responsible… ._.
I. Need To Go Down Atlanta Man
I haven't had twitter on in forever! But I do still send tweets to it..... Weird..... Lol. Well who want's to talk? C:
One word (twice). Phillip Phillips
5/10/1950: Jackie Robinson appears on the cover of Life. He was the 1st African American featured on the cover in the mag's 13 yr history.
i will go almost anywhere o find where i belong #hercules <3
New post to come on http:/www.stephanieishere.com workin' on the HUMP from hell for this life challenge but I'm lovin' it!
Got a film to promote?Send us the link to your trailer with hashtag #GSIFF and we will re-tweet
So pissed! Itunes started to download something I didn't want and it deleted my library and everything on my ipod! Just done
Stay hydrated to lessen your sensitivity to allergens indoors & out. Drink hot tea to alleviate symptoms post-workout.
I hope to hear a happy bday from my alley cat and one from my siss I wud b a very very happy kitten!
No matter how bad ur week has been, at least it is never as bad as the first 2 minutes on any LAW & ORDER!
love the jumps up and down - we'll be doing some jumping around that night to keep warm, too! ;)
Top typos in resumes, thanks to overreliance on spell check: "principle" for "principal", "manger", "lead" for "led".
Richards is awesome.
CAROLYN shoots for OLD NAVY tomorrow! Stay tuned for updates on Carolyn as she cuts her first album!!
(I peed all over his luggage at the baggage claim tho so it's all cool)
im sorry. But I think right now im going to think about me. Even if it might not be the right choice in other peoples eyes
No i would never.(:
"The person that works the hardest, wins"
Me too! The most/potentially only thrilling part of clips is the insider knowledge I gather on all the agency's teams+clients!
NEW TWITTER NAME!!!
Get yo hate down and get yo weight up
When people have staring issues. Got a problem?
#vmworld3word No PIN, Signature!
ha we love you too lady
#FF #Follow: , , , alongside myself at #HurricaneOReillys for one of #Boston's top Fridays!
I think the photo looked great. Really natural. Very nice!
Vampires Everywhere! have a cover of Nirvana's "Rape Me" on their next album. The jokes will begin in 3....2...
Vietnam vet I know walked off the plane in Da Nang in '69; reeked like a garbage dump in summer, he said, "We just land back in Jersey?"
I BELIEVE WILL CHOSE VERY WELL AND THAT THEY WILL ALWAYS BE IN LOVE, THE WAY WILL AND HARRY'S MOTHER LONGED TO BE.
How have you been celebrating National Women’s Health Week?
I want some!
thank you : )
if the black man would step up, the black woman would not have 2 b so strong.60%+ black kids grow up without a dad in the home
Definitely deserves some cash for that performance. The percussion was a game changer.
it's a hard life we live, ain't it? :-)
Grand Slam!!! Surrender the series now Mets and make it easier on yourselves.
Two ways we approached it. One was to place ads in strategic metro areas. Multi-post was shut down in 2008
wish a happy birthday. He turns 23 today. :)
Posted on da block like a lightpole.
My mommys sick :(
I don't think the porn industry wants to be associated with the original movie.
Oh yea, on the Dean's list again! Told my mom and she got super happy. Umm happy early mothers day! Haha
Merry Christmas to my favorite commentator of all time, best wishes to you and your family, you are an awesome guy!!
no but I could I just like the name u know plus was my 8th follower :( Idk if he will follow me again :(
I need to bring my grades up of I lose my concert tickets and my new golf clubs...
She's the man!
Get buy one get one deals at several yogurt places with your California VIP Card! Call to get yours today! 619.226.1121
Go go with light gloves: you're F I N E!!!
Infiniti of Denver Weekend Finance Special! 2.99% up to 72 Months back to 2003 on all used cars.
RT ": I WANNA GO ON A DATE, damn ITS BEEN AWHILE...WiTH A GUY ANYWAYS LMAO"
Yes! There will be Taeyeon!
"Keegan Bradley" sounds like someone that shouldn't be a good PGA Tour player, yet he's killing it again
Banged out that test thanks to <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Not really what I wanted to hear when I walked in the house
"Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." -Matt 7:7
Def not just social. Websites are so key: what's the place about, when is it open, how can I support?
It's amazing how small issues and frustrations become when I lay down to talk to God at night. Makes me realize how blessed I am
Someone called!!! RT : Model dude with a Hollywood smile *Frank Ocean Voice*
Lost my wallet, like really?
I missed the other films but I'll be there for "On Tour" tonight...
Just went for a run lol always make me feel better about myself :]
Many of us are already walking in our dream if we had the eyes to see
OK! And did u peep in that video?!
so I was cleaning my room and I still have your The Maine poster. I need to see you before you go off to school!
training with the #40YdDash package would get me under 6 in the 40!
Do The White Thing
Heey . What's Gucci? :)
#Padres Home opener today. Who's heading out?
it's college day you rere
fair enough.
my sunday morn has already included multiple gwen guthrie and patrice rushen jams
writing center / discussion leader / grader
I just saw Limitless with the wonderful a great evening and a great movie!!!
Kevin Na wears the chemical element symbol for sodium on his sleeve. Awesome
Be assured, if you walk walk with Him and look to Him, and expect help from Him, He will never fail you. -George Mueller
Pretzel roll from #wholefoods is like, so good right now.
End of the first, Delaware and Lindenwood scoreless.
To cute kids on 4 train: i want to rescue you!
Today my dad went to the neurologist... Glad he's starting to do better
hey , hold three books for me, , and , eh?
u still got it ...yo wut part in ny u live in?
David Bowie is such a boss
see you guys soon!!!
Journalists think the iPod might change newspapers, but won't it change tv even more? Almost any show instantly available adfree on netflix?
New Bears GM wraps up busy, unusual draft
I'm about to replay it haha
if you tweet at eachother one more time I'm unfollowing both of you.. It's getting outta hand
get rid if cable
I can't stand money may but everything he says is the #truth guy works hard n deserve to be where he at
people hanging from rope out the window
Had a dream that I was in a candy eating contest.30 seconds and as much candy as possible.I won a 4 year old punched me I puked all over him
I can't love myself Love doesn't exist.Whatever brings people together isn't love Love is stupidity, or selfishness,or fear
It came a day early! Thank you!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
You're a tool just looking for another sap story, glad i'm that much of a threat.
GO TO THE BANK AND GET YOU SOME MONEY!! LOL
#UArts Open House today! RT : Even though Its raining, today's going to be a good day
#survivor time ... #onceuponatime is a repeat tonite
That "Gotham City" Bout to drop bitch niggas!!!
Night Dreamers neo-soul, jazz jam session tonight , 10pm. FREE. Only the illest of musicians!
<- This girl is very stoked! ": Say WHAT?! Our new record "Close the Distance" come out August 14th?!!!! Who's stoked?!"
We'll pick up the #revideo chat next week with a discussion on real estate video distribution strategy and tactics!
Somebody Kill the Radio, interactive work by David Sanchez Burr April 6-28th. ChChCheck it out. Opening Reception: April 14th, 6p-9p
ABSOLUTELY. its a good thing trust me.
Going to work on a studio update all night for you all! :) With maybe a preview or two of the songs we recorded ;) just maybe!
You're SO hysterical and talented. You have to start getting paid for it. I'm sure Hundreds of Thousands of fans agree! :)
tweet me people!!!!
R.I.P. Robert Sherman
Thank you for the follow. Long live the Arts!!!
#hungergameschatuplines hey wanna make a district 14 w/ me?
please follow me!
my grammy! And yes she was. Lol
Hoping the weather holds out on Sunday!
Where my Todds at?
Not all clowns are at the "circus".....just look around!
Today I showed a #bbcmeettheromans clip to my 6th grade Latin students. , you are now a hero to my class of girls.
Wait Since Dwntwn Is Shut Dwn Is Da Lake Front Open ???
Oh no! I am out of hot glue sticks!
RT : LEARN WHAT NOT TO DO...This is for all of us - mistakes which entrepreneurs make that leads to doubts and......
please do
he still is!! Lol
Not good ...more fire trucks headb south
how old are you ? lol
MAKE IT HAPPEN...
It's just that, to me, blogging is more about writing than clicking reblog on something you vaguely relate to.
Working on 's 7th floor? There is currently a reference librarian available to help you up there! #umbc #roving librarian
"Calling someone fake won't make you real" well that's not true, because if your saying what you think your being real..
In case you are thirsty, and have the Ontario Coast IPA available as a sneak peak right now. Go get some!!!
LKY Treatment Salon is a God send! Our kids school had an outbreak and they were awesome!
your ass never texts me either. :o
So glad the #SWAG and #YOLO phase is almost over...
Oh Jazzy :/
In floridia got here 30 minutes ago
City CarShare office is closed tomorrow, Feb 20. Emergency and roadside assistance are available through our Emergency Line (415)786-7468.
Can't wait . been a fan since the age of 8 and i gotta say u used the gift god gave as well as changed lives . Thanks B
Wrong Dirty Diana. I haven't been to Applebee's in years.
I have finally formulated my definition for Existentialism- Mix of Ultra-Cultural Positivism with Sentimental Mental Anesthesia ...Agree?
I remember crying on 's bed with Gaby to Never grow up... lmao aawwww
So I'm a few weeks late, but props to for their Project Mannequin campaign - love the blogger engagement and outfits!
Pickup dates are filling up fast! Sign up today and reserve your space
Yes...in a bass-ackward kind of way! Ha!
I have 3 hours of film to go through before I sleep tonight, choosing clips for the web. At Star$, but left earplugs at home. Decatur-bound.
tonight theme is #SweetTooth on
YES!! They look so good! Really intense too
I respect nice things
Oh fine, I'll be serious then - what kind of video are you working on?
cough cough yeah its water
I swear this old man is following me everywhere I go! If he does one wrong move, the rest of his teeth gon me on the floor! On me I promise
hahaha real talk !
Wow so many great ideas here, we are working on many of them!
FYI last year duke and uk had the same number of one and dones. Are duke fans idiots too?
thank you for always being so supportive of us!! Wish you could be here!!
Did anyone else see the post on fb of a girl talking about shooting vinny and all the details of everything! OMG!but vinny i safe now
I HATE A JEALOUS NIGGA
i love you, JenJen!! :)
Welcome to the family!!! #UC2016 RT : just confirmed my admission!!! I'm coming to UC in august!!!!!! :D
#IAlwaysWonderIf aliens are real... That shit would be gnarly.
#mobile2012 sessions include "Why Every Teacher Should Become an App Creator" and "Inquiry-Based App Activties for Elementary."
guilty... *hides*
i love you are candy baby, hot
I come before her
I wanna drink my orange juice but I just brushed my teeth D:
This is some corn on the cob weather we're dealing with tonight.
today is a day for New Years wishes, right?! We wish, we wish ... for a listing in the Houston Press!
Getting back into Naruto Shippuden, so good=]
Thought of u a billions times today and each time I caught myself smiling.
Hope your stay is going well !
nah just cleaning
nice hit although he could have been called for a helmet to helmet
not coming out tonight. Will be out tomorrow for lunch.
tonight!!! Bout to laugh my ass off.
but rachael :c
the funny thing is that I just woke up on my couch. And thought my last final today was at 11. Just looked it 945
#pmasetest with colleagues preparing for an online information session for GATech's online applied systems engineering master's degree
You not illa I'm Godzilla on hard liquor
I know is very busy & can't reply 2 everyone,hope he C's my tat dedicated 2 him 4 inspiring me 2 always beli ...
Thanks, Kyle! This was on my commute to work and there was so much smoke, I couldn't see a thing... pretty scary.
It was adorable when you were in your twenties. Not so cute anymore now that you're pushing thirty.
Lol you saw that too? RT : on his twitter game this morning lol
1,000 ways to die baffles me.
Hey there Lee. Where are you living these days? And I can't wait for some more music.
time warner cable better get their shit together before I take out my pent up frustrations on one of their customer service representatives
Are you close to returning? Its not the same without you!
So who's paying for this #rhoa in Africa outing?
I think I'm gonna go buy some brown dye for my hair.
(Me = hardcore genealogist + web dev + data dork + former data journalist at a newspaper -- so I feel your pain.)
Such a beautiful day. So far, we have been so lucky this winter. Keep up the good work Mother Nature!
time to start getting scholarly. cracking open a book this week
Happy 40th to Forman Twins! Lowell will not be the same!
Bought my $3 tickets from Albertsons for June 14.
Why you so thick ma!?
Am I pregnant and not showing or just really sick - Pregnancy Question
will you ever follow me? #HungerForUnger! :D
Thank you for the RT!
#Researchers to follow:
have a safe and wonderful trip!
#BestBreakUpExcuses I No speaKa English anymore
CTIA was awesome! Saw a lot of cool stuff. We hope to be attending CES. The cellhelmet was received well with all that saw it
How about U of I guy Brian Cook?....only MUCH worse RT : I'm thinking more Josh McRoberts
is packing for Palm Springs! Tan lines or bust baby!
I get that different prism, in fact, sports narrative plays up the difference, even when the facts don't support
Your soo random
thx. For some reason i thought chargify used salesforce.
gotta get that youth vote
been on Outlook 2011 since August, never any problems like what you have.
ShoutOut Everyone Follow Him/Her
First tweet in... Foreva.
EARTH SPACE SCIENCES INSTRUCTOR POOL (ADJUNCT ...
What's the number?
guys? Once they get huge, all of a sodden they are to good for people who are poor and trying to make it.
...Yesterday, a pregnant woman completed the Chicago Marathon...then gave birth hours later to a baby girl: es.pn/pDYe2x
clear your cache + cookies + re-login.....
time to climb the payday ladder
Our GD cat is out in the rain and now we can't find her, she is in for a wet night! :(
In the studio doing what I love to do
oof, better at least. Beer plus cocktail plus pizza. Maybe just bed early now to get this day over with.
hello from SoCal. Thanks 4 the follow.
Happy Charter Day to the Xi Eta Lambda Chapter in The Woodlands, TX! Keep holding high the name good brothers! 06
Nashville is where it's at!
Whos going to EDC this year?!!
RT : RT : Favre's final pass for the Falcons, Packers, Jets, and Vikings were interceptions.
is the mj experience a fun game?
Filming Day #3 of the feature film "BROOKLYN BREACH" all day today!Good stuff! Filming ABC's TV Primetime Show "WHAT WOULD U DO?" Wednesday!
Memo to UK: USA at work. Repeat. USA at work. End.
And I say the same thing every time... You da best.. Best I ever had
Heat turn ing up the defensive intensity?
Up Bright And Early!! #LaundryDay !!!
...mainly cuz u found me so many acapellas...
Gosh , am I really that funny ? :D
I bELIve! Let's do this!
Since I'll be living on the street and no job. Hope and Change didn't work! And I didn't even vote for the bastard!!!
Can't wait to get home and relax to some !
appreciate the #FF love!
Sent you email (let me know don't get it). Tried DM (but can only send to accts that follow me). Talk soon!
oh i'm straight, never better haha
4 hours!!!and counting
My angel had to get 5 shots today....I almost cried
just saw this..dude ur ridonkulos. Why u why u
Slept in, no ride again this AM.
just want to publicly say that rocks! Interface is very friendly & been able to sych my Mac, work (Windows) & iPhone helps
how big is the crowd today
voiceovers are the best i'm excited.
Perfect weather for groovin on the patio. Enjoy sounds of the 60s. Vintage cocktails served. 2nite
Listening into 's webinar (#Gov20 - Where Are We Now and Where Are We Going) while I work...
no clue. Not watching just getting updates on my phone. I don't get a chance to watch too much being a trucker.
Continue to take chances..you never know
the movie Ramona and Beezus is so sweet but so sad. :(
follow me on instagram
That Mills guy played good on tonight's game. Spurs take another win.
FLO! We hope to see you xoxoxox
The end of that Sixers game was insane. Doug Collins fists in the air was just awesome.
Free events & materials @ the library RT : #FF #ElPaso things to do else?
Happy Easter, all. Have a blessed day!
Does Christina ever wear pants anymore? lol
Every time I Eat Skittles I Think Of && Lol :D
Voter drive marathon weekend!
At Univ Chas Energy Symposium with David Porges, CEO of EQT Corp being interviewed ...
any new year's/new year's eve events planned? possible to reserve an area in your tasting room?
LOVE YOUR POSITIVE MESSAGE REV, I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
My son wants to see the blacksmith segment... Are you posting that one to your Facebook? He lives in Baraboo.
Thank you Isaac, for being part of #MSU #track #longjumper All the best to you! #SpartanNation support &
Yay you gotta a girl friend!!!!! -hug- wait.........no hug! girlfreind right! bwaha.......eh you make my ass hurt. nite
clap clap! Clappity Jones!
My t-shirt accidentally matches my pedicure. Bright teal. I reserve the right to find this hilarious. #librarianfashion #umwhut?
sad story
#MSC2011 preparing for the trip to Nashville. Just left TIE conference in Colorado. Excited to learn from experience.
I had a shotgun wedding and a laser tag divorce.
I have a new found respect for my MIL. Who am I???
Got Tweets?
Wooohoooo Have fun Ronnie! FYI- We expect our lanes to be very busy tonight since our 3rd floor is reserved for a private party.
Look for partner sites that are strong algorithmically and personally, says
On my way home..
much love from hawaii \m/
Warren Haynes tore it up tonight...
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
This just in: GloZell has ONE DIRECTION INFECTION!!!!!! Welcome to the family Glo!!
EPIC night tonight. Got some awesome collaborations in the works!!
England rolls over Brazil 29-5. #1 ranked New Zealand making their debut 2012 against Auatralia. Crowd is pumped for match!
Been in the studio all week , Uploading beats now
I'm Retired From The Fitted Game, all I do is Tweet Now......... is dead, Its the New So what is Twitter?
Bellafitness09- changing the world one beautiful person at a time. Website coming soon!
I am
HELLO New JERSEY. (Watching You've Got Mail.)
Bottom line: Can't worry about Ovechkin getting suspended or fined or whatever. Just have to hope NYR play their game.
tks so much!!
Hey, I'm just 5 followers shy of 3K. Suggest me to a friend interested in #interfaith, #atheism, #humanism, #LGBT or, uh, y'know, tweets?
Ive had the hunger games books for two months and I'm still on the first book on the second page;P
Diet Pepsi LOL RT : And a cold diet coke! :) RT : All we need is LOVE, sweet, sweet love ;)
Extreme nausea is exactly what I needed in my life today :\
O O O O Na na na na You make me sing La la la la Love is a song Your heart beats the rhythm Your soul sings the melody
Thank u Miki. Appreciated! She was amazing and was also my friend :))
Seriously. DTW is a Delta hub, I fly them everywhere.
Pondering ways to get back into a writing routine. And to start meditating. The afternoon lull is making it hard to put together thoughts.
Alright fuck it, I'm just going to chill in my office.
Ah! a blessing beyond all fate My sole mate 'tis my soul mate.
I'm curious. What does the word "e-cycling" mean to you?
Then there's retro-acculturation, Latinos that are reconnecting w their roots and have turned from Hispanic to Latino, like me.
First 5k race in a while. Nothing like feeling the endorphines !!
is #TheyLive the one with Rowdy Roddy Piper? Is so, I love that movie!
Last night, oldest daughter asked for help on her Economics homework. Heck yes! Finally something I can actually help with.
Ever notice there is no Bunny on the See and Say? It's because the only sound they make is horrible squeal when a fox is eating them alive.
The celtics is def taking that serious
#whosgonnalose - International Bowl / USF v N. Illinois - N. Illinois will lose
Just now hearing of the Killer Swan in Illinois. How bizarre.
cant. gotta do science letter. lol
That moment when you think tweeted you but it's actually with her "jc caylen lol" name -_- lol.
I got so many messages that you mentioned me this morning! I'm famous for a day! Yay!
I feel i have barely any followers. Because I dont. Follow ? (;
Technically speaking, millipedes and centipedes both can reach up to 12in > DeMarcus should make a dick pic list.
How is UCR data useful?
#followfriday Peter Baker - photographer for Michigan
Doesn't really matter what Boehner is threatening. As we saw in the last showdown, he doesn't control his caucus.
In order to be a boss you have to be a student first.
:) thx but sticking w/LIS MT :Notetaker Andrea at #iDigBio is so fast she could digitize everything singlehandedly in 10 yrs
Happy New Year Tweety Pies!! Let's make 2012 the best year ever!!!
I'm sure you'll get a ton of looks!
I love how randomly calls me to keep me awake.
Jacque Patterson just made an informal announcement of his candidacy for Kwame Browns At-Large seat which will b vacated @ Buddha Bar
I'd be a rapper but I say the N word to much, it just wouldnt work.
Law of Success #1: Have a definite chief aim. Set a goal and stick to it. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Chill Mode ! #JERZATHON !
Last stop for #atxunscripted at and they hung our flyer in the door!
Only if he has a cape. Woosh. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
nice! Yeah I've done the thrift store thing in the past, but I don't feel like hours of going thru old stuff. Good call on ebay!
Ref shielded from play makes that charge call? Huh?
Happy birthday!!!
You that dude man....
I'm glad you came.
word! Bluebird May 16th. See ya then???
- i love it when you text me, acting as if everythings okay.. we both know i'm done playing these games. i'm done!
Always up for skinny dipping!
Thanks for the #FF!
somthing I'm not :)
Dimmy suggested we pretend to be sausage and vegetarian pizzas to sneak on to a domino's semi trick. Foolproof plan
It's all about da <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> hurricanes all day
go to cheeeeech in there.
Braun won, Braun won!!!!! #Brewers #Braun Let the games begin!!! Congrats
watching Live with Kelly. Mark Ruffalo is sort of weird
lmao! Ohh no well I'll see u up here well actually u just walked in so nvm lol
oh cool!!! what movie?:)
RIP You will be truly missed by everyone.
Tell ur boyfriend if he says he's got beef that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fuckin scared of him!!
Yep. And the excuse machine RT : Bulls twitter mafia will now focus their efforts on hating the Heat... w/ ya salty asses lol
Thank U friend!!!
#ASOT550 From all your friends in Chicago, IL USA
Happy Record Store Day! Going to support our local record shops!
Wondering how I got here
Karloff's Thriller (DVD IEF 252) - background music mixes cool jazz vibes, muted mallet toms, quizzical woodwinds, while drama lags.
Thanks! Amen.
woah dawg, if it's that easy, can we hang out? I already have your number!
RT : Despite clearly objecting to the rule & even later filing a dissent, Member Hayes chose not to make any vote on the NLRB...
#Tea made from willow #bark was an ancient remedy for #arthritis. The secret: the bark contains salicylic acid or
hahahahaha yeah that guy is chill with his suspenders and hat
#ilookforward to boating, beaching it, and diving into the lakes!
what better canary-in-the-mine than rational democratic leader of a soon-to-vanish sea level nation?
#SMBMAD #UWSocial if you want to hear it all, preschedule your heckle tweets - then soak up the knowledge. And please take pic!
Goodnight besos for my loves <U+E418>
Come to the Polpar Lounge tonight #Memphis Comedy will be going Down! With ME and a hell of a lot more.
With our commitment to #BusinessLink, we pay close attention to our business customers & their needs. Call #MelloyDodge at 888-760-4136.
Would a Penzey's gift certificate in his name be sufficient?
The traffic Gods in LA hate my soul every single day.
Thank you for the shout out! Hopefully I can be a guest on your show soon!
Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies
RT : Let's all take a moment to say a little prayer for this noisy, fractured, tempest-tossed republic of ours.
Costner gave Whitney the opportunity of a Lifetime
good defense by world whatever the fuck he is. no elbows this time.
Bitch My Name Ring Bells #Ding Ding
Happy Birthday !!!! I hope you have a fantastic day :]
How did i know there was going to be an arguement before bed...
Question of the day: who was the very first rapper to come out on a trap beat
check my band and I out tonight on channel 9 and 2 news at 9, 10 and or 11 pm tonight!!! Happy news years everybody!
Finna go act a fool wit ...lmao
I voted so many times for for 's 2011 breakthrough artist that it told me to 'cool off.' nbd.
What I love about my family is that I k is they will always have my back
Yaaay . Three days til spring break
: Last minute #Mother'sDay Gift Idea for a foodie: Microplanes make great gifts!
Anytime, as journals keep me organized as well. P.S. They also help with writing ideas.
yes mam, hopefully they put me on ;)
It's not "the" answer but can be used to help engage the learners.The real motivation is having a need to learn
glad to hear that! I'm moving to CT in 2 weeks--working at Yale!
Oh shi- glad to see #TeamFollowBack is still alive :D
correct let me know. Late start 9pm?
One of life's small pleasures: To enjoy the smell and feel of freshly washed sheets to sleep by. Night, Tweeples.
Let the meetings begin.
OH: "Thom Yorke is the pope of Indie people"
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little. ~Thomas Merton
Thanks for the RT Hope you got some good lunch today!
how can you forget about that! That album is classic!
you're so sweet. Yes it's me ;)
=P we won suck it!!! Lol
Was at the park with ma bff and stank lol stank tried to hurt ma baby
Happy Easter!
will try! I thought the lv office had a big project... that sucks!
This week at school is going to feel like forever!
You're welcome! :)
What's up ray haven't spoken with you in a long time. Congrats on your business life.
Tavy should be showing up anytime now...
sorry hun. Always catching w u when I can. And always looking forward seeing u.
GRRR too much going on!!!!!
Time for bedd(: Night!
I wanna be in your family !! Or at least borrow Memommy !!
you sure about that ? Wasnt that when the president of the Nation was caught getting head by an intern?
I hate when people ask what you are doing just so they can say what they are doing.
Moving along...I guess... #Shame :-/
totally! The duets this year have been out-of-control good, and the judges are soo much more interesting on the voice.
'Dancing With the Stars': Two couples to be ejected Tuesday - Orlando Sentinel (blog)
No Winner yet
"Viffer, portrait of a serial killer" fantastic line, definitely nailed his... Unusual look.
Ready to make my greatest contribution to so far. Let the game begin.
seeking bookings in Europe July-October 2012. email
the +Motel6 ModMusicHostels can trade shelter+pancakes for artist showcase/new talent tours nationwide.
yes my On Demand will keep any episode of NCIS that airs even if it is a repeat so like tuesdays will be there for 3 weeks.
Drake dropping the George Strait reference makes me wonder why I'm not listening to more Drake.
this at least makes sure that they at least start interviewing to get their name out there.
I want to review toilet paper. Just because I'm not sure if anyone else has & if so, I want to join them. :)
#TheVoice ended tonight's show a good way; saving the best for the last!
Shout out to the dudes living in they mom's basement that gonna ask her for money for the club tonight.
We love the mild #winter too.
Be nice Lydia. :)
Reminder: Due to the May 8th elections the Conservatory will be closed & the Sunken Garden will be open from 5-9pm.
Mission: sell hope of a sustainable way out of poverty
Planning the upcoming year of Bloody Brunches next Monday....if you have any suggestions, please send 'em our way! We do this for YOU! :)
that looks surprisingly like a nuclear silo map
lol I really do listen most of the time, oh well..
so there won't be anymore seasons?
I worry about this kid in 5 years. This is gonna be either a lot of hazing or a lot of high-fives >> Bravo Time magazine. Bravo.
I cannot wait to move! And for a new better paying job. I hate waiting for progression.
Congratulations Adele, but I kind of wish someone else would win something once in a while. *cough* Bruno Mars *cough*
ok u comin for real??lmao
Also why won't Scioscia play Bourjous CF, Trumbo LF, and Trout RF?! That is the makings of an epic outfield trio. Damn it Sosh!!!
#GreatTimesAreComing when the Giants beat the Patriots tomorrow!!!!
. just melted everyone's brains re payments & currency w as a banking "system reset" {f*ck!}
bringing leftovers into work. You can taste it yourself!
Need a better door lock. Suggestions?
Bitches hoes money cars n clothes
In my next life, I'm coming back as I love that guy.
Should I laugh or cry? Or both?
At the AT&T Center for the Rampage hockey game. Our oldest's school choir will sing National Anthem.
my lil sis got swag without even trying.....
"we have everything to make bourbon nutella milkshakes...except for bourbon"
no doubt
My car has a 3.8L engine. This urinal has a 3.8L flush.
A big St. Patty's (Paddy's?) Day welcome to Scott!! Thanks so much for stopping by! Have a great day!
Oh sorry my phone was on silent :/
The move might actually be sleep. Peace.
Thanks for following us back Ana!! Check out our music when you get a chance :)
Don't let a little rain ruin your day. Come enjoy a Summer Shandy.
I honestly think Bad Robot is the Pixar of live action films.
The GRAND prize for the student that walked at least 2 laps and collected the most money WINS the I-Pad! Good Luck!
Y'all know hard workin criminalz
The new post will be up Friday or Saturday, I will updating the blog weekly again since the season is in less than a week!
ah me too! I can't wait to see that little creature! <U+2665><U+2665>
Prediction: Sometime somewhere somehow Trump will discover that the way for him 2 get more of spotlight & publicity will be to “fire” Romney
Tonight : 4th Wednesdays at The Get Down, 701 South Bond St Baltimore MD 21231
Race results posted, and I'm totally blown away: 5K 25:59 - a PR by 19 seconds. half 1:59:10 - a PR by 6 minutes, 40 seconds.
I do too. Your body mistakes the lowering of your blood pressure and pulse for death and freaks out. #ithink Happens to me
Bible there is no text in my inbox!
Boy if u think u playin me... Im ahead of the game lol
One Week til India Peace Exchange 2011! have you seen our new web site? www.createpeaceproject.org pledge peace if you're inspired!
beer is the best drink
Sometimes I <U+2764> Twitter and sometimes I'm profoundly indifferent toward it. Wavering between both today.
that was my guess but only happens at night.
I like this hashtag. ": Joey's play at first tonight = true #Cincinnatitude "
And favorite duet is Don't You Want Me by The Human League. =)
“: “Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail."” bacon will.
I sent you an e-mail via your website (couldn't reply to your DM because you are not following ... yet. : )
Great service this morning at Life Church!
iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit .
Maybe the new UWM AD will get a football team going.
What's mine is yours and yours is mine so take me away
exactly, you're only as good as your last performance, and magical been killin.
plenty o drama. Shame the match will be remembered for it.
Fremont...will have to look on a map. :-)
I swear is high!
I have the hunger as well. October is not too far in the future...
Careful you don't get sick. It's best to ease back into meat after such a lengthy time away.
Hey you listening? $39 for your low level HGTV paint - C'mon man gimme a break!
Chris Faith performing LIVE Thursday, February 2 Flat Shoals Ave , East Atlanta, GA 30316 Show starts at 9pm be there....
Idea for superhero: The Seeker (real name Tommy Quadrophenia). Deaf, dumb and blind kid with the power of ROCK. And pinball wizardry.
Never fall in love with someone who doesn't love you back...!! It's not a good feeling ....
We'll put it up on the podcast 98pxy.com. ty for listening
thankya! I hope to check out some other spots in Asia while there:D :) (and I'm still envious of your Greece adventure!)
What a strange world we live in when George Clooney being arrested makes the situation in Sudan front page news
Do you have any holiday specials? Let us know about them!
will I kissed a vampire be playing in NY state? im dying to see it but havent found info. also will u do any promo? lmk plz
“: And that's that. Pens got their asses handed to them fair and square.” ps PHL says thanks for the inspiration, #goon rocked!
RT : Dear Filly, #RBNY is going to doop on your filthy city 12:30p (maybe 12:40 because of commercial sponsorship
HAPPY FRIDAY ! Still struggling with that 10 key? Call us and get some relief! #magnalogix hosted predictive dialer 866-460-6611
what time we fishing yo?
“Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass… it’s about learning to dance in the rain." Vivian Greene
Thx for the RTs! Have a great week!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND I hope you have a good one. love you and miss you!
Where are you off to?
I hate having to go to the coop for gas
can't tell if i'm actually craving fried rice, or i only want it because it's become one of my comfort foods :/
I'm just a bad mudddafucka ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
sereuslly make my day.
Yea follow them they're funny sometimes... Wanna come through tomorrow for the Ranger game?
Learn the difference between wants and Needs!
Haha Maybee(; but I Changed my username now
you sure you haven't been taken over by the man? :-P
You're rude ! Selfish ! Mean ! & you're a BIT** (to camel) Love ABBY ELIZABETH BLAUVELT.
I use Alien Bees. But if you already have the right Nikon or Canon and an external flash? you can trigger the flash remotely.
start what?
Tommorow they're going to be in California(; And next week she's going to be in Florida I think? Check their Facebook page!
Followed her <U+2665>
Don't worry. They just hate you cause they ain't you. (:
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Thanks!...love to hear it : ) Hope you have a beautiful Holiday Season!
Know a fun way to cure you of your boredom ;)
We made some good headway on Saturday and are definitely over the halfway mark now for the new album. We're excited to finish.
That friend that calls u on occasion instead of just texting >
Hope the presentation went well! I'll be reluctantly cheering for your Giants Sunday, but only cause I despise the Pats more
Haha because I realized that I had to babysit today! Haha
Finally back home in the Boro. We had a great weekend and want to thank for having us out. Hope to come back soon!
I favorite tweets to look at the links later then I forget...
Yes you need to then I can come visit. Loved living in Europe. :)
Always a delicious choice. RT : Screaming Tuna to start the night. Nommmm
Wishing everyone and fun and safe 4th weekend=]
CHOP! CHOP!! CHOP!!.. no that's not me mucnhing on some DORITOS... I'm cutting some CARROTS....
whats up son....with the ceo in akron...just lost to breakdown
Robin that is genius. I will absolutely do that!
when this shit is over boy...I swear
What're the odds that both my pen AND my highlighter would run out on the same day?! The Mayans were definitely on to something...
Who knows? Maybe at next year's #IACP in San Francisco! ;-)
Qponomics is showing all the deals for #HereWePurple. Makes it easier to find just the deals through all the clutter.
The mall isn't fun anymore when you're there for 12 hours
Sell in NM please.
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
i think were have a 16u A team and im gonna play for them
Kobe BITCH xD
RT : Oh and my PNC came thru for me as usual love you love u 1st! :D
Currently packing for this road trip Friday
the only way to make a clean loop point right now is to rotate the object at 3RPM. a much more flexible solution is on the horizon...
IS BACK AND SOBER! BANDS GET AT ME ASAP IF YOU WNAT SHOWS BEFORE SUMMER!
#love you
Think AI needs to go away. Everyone else pales next to on that stage & the judges r ridiculous. Can't take this show seriously!
This week/weekend is super busy, but how about next week? From Wednesday on I'm free...
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest in AIG?
I'm proud that I am an independent critical thinker. Too many ostriches out there drinking that Jim Jones kool-aid. Lost confused souls. Smh
Yes.. Daniel was just being Daniel for a moment
Keep up the good work! We need you as citizens of this great state of Missouri.
Just finished working out and then learned me and my dad stink at ping pong
Whatever you choose to do in life just know that the greatest things always have the humblest beginnings.
Stressed out? Don't be afraid to ask for help!
Fall, my best season.
I'm @ Try Outs & it looks like a slow night. Guess the word hasn't got out on this place. Come see me @ Plan B Thurs 7:30 to 9:30
I have 64 followers WOW!!!!!
Oh! No babygirl don't smile like that ya teeth look like Dominoes
I, too, am caught up in the craze sweeping the nation from New Jersey to Alaska: I will not run for president in 2012.
if you've never experienced the thrill of spending Thanksgiving tagging empty shopping malls w/ buy nothing day stickers, you haven't lived
Thanks! Great pic and great seeing you! Hope you had a fabulous birthday.
67ºF (19ºC) going up to 90ºF (32ºC) fog then sunny today in Houston TX
Yep. Cheap protein source for much of the rest of the world. Probably won't catch on here.
Because man and woman are the complement of one another,we need woman's thought in national affairs to makea safe and stable government
Me always following , you becoming a Intellectual........
If you drop your cell phone is water it can be ok Just don't turn it on until it drys out remove battery and wait a few days clumsy lol
Act of valor was a very good movie. I enjoyed it a lot.
I'm in the mood for some sushi dammit lol.
Classy not trashy.
: Today's Old Cowboy's Wisdom: A man often meets his destiny on the very trail he chose to avoid it!
that is one of my favorite episodes EVER
Lost 18 lbs. Since 2010 campaigns and #txlege session. Damn lobbyist food. Lol.
You're the man Patrick!
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935. Do you know who that was?
A piece of crisp bacon is needed as a swizzle stick for that coffee drink!
Happy Birthday! Good luck on Friday! You make the state of Kentucky proud.
Picks in play: Blue Jays, Brewers, Reds
I just discovered the solution to the health care issue. Bring back Arrested Development. Ive always been told laughter is the best medicine
ah! :) thank you<3 you made my night! Can't wait to see you in July :)
On a first name basis at #BADsushi! That's how much we go here in Santa Monica. :-)
i bet im the only one last minute studying for that test tomorrow?
Its about to be a great day.
yes we now have a club. We just do rebelish things!
Excited to be covering #SESNY this week! Live coverage to come!
i refuse to watch any videos of the up all night tour DVD on youtube until i get mine in the mail
Don't swallow someone else's poison.
apparently tb's are as nervewracking on players as on fans....
Althea Harris: The SBA handles loans $5 million and under.
haha! Wait a minute! Me too! ;)
Damn i was about to be phone less real quick
I'm fine Ben. Thanks for asking.
Magic City... Sounds good I like how it's set in 1950-1960
Whats up for tonight L.A?
Every day for the next week, do five nice things that have no immediate payoff for you. The point of this is not to imagine that the cabdri…
Get a picture as your Icon
I havent heard from the #Mets in a while. Oh well, I'm a #Yankees fan anyway :)
Chandler Parsons only got 9th, and he was incredible.
I'm a sucker for a kind word
Justin is 17, last time I'm saying this. Omg, brb crying :'(
Been a good year Madison...Heading home for a few weeks
It's like there are too many plots, but no real plots at all if that makes sense.
if it means being rid of Sarah Palin YES!
had to decide about life & death today. Was the hardest thing ever... </3
you're right i dont know anything, i got so hurt by my best friend of 12 years. trusted him with my life&he almost kiled me
it's just a movie... Rarely happens in real life... Haha makes for a good movie though!
Jennifer Hudson - Jennifer Hudson Would Have Been In Murder House If Fiance Hadn&#39;t Called
can I do both.
And now I'm depressed. This is why I only get high. Fuck getting drunk. It shows my true emotions and I'm a bitch for it.
Parents should do all they can to answer their children's questions. If you dont know the answer, GOOGLE is readily available.
Total Recall is on SyFy
Ready to Pump Hard !!!!!
Let's Go Cotto!!!
She said don't leave cause we got a baby on the way
It's green, too. Always a good way to go.
Her kids are already calling her newest man "daddy". They are going to be so screwed up.
Well I think my PS3 version of MLB.TV is almost up to time!!! Yay me!!
scrapbooking supplies wholesale
RT: Hope everybody has a GREAT day>>u do the same Jooooorrdaaaan :)
watching my computer grind through calculating formulas on a huge dataset. where's my quantum computing already?
I once beat a hibiscus plant up just cause it looked at me funny.
I had a 20 minute conversion on Omegle in math class. he helped me pass my test. Lol.
hey it's tough enough to throw down for my self...
Sup with a super spy Black Widow movie? Let's do that
Controversial #Civilwar Novel General Hooker & Mercury poisoning. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
Good to be in contact!
I went there last year, walked all over: no go. They aren't on Ben&Jerry's interactive map as participators, either.
Im so tired of hearing about backup wide receivers and guards who might make the team.
It feels right, girl just give me a sign. We gonna party all night, have the time of our lifessssss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
please please follow me!
Have you built/seen/loved a seriously dorky gadget lately? If so, tell me about it! DO WANT GOOD NERDING
nomenclature mostly, declension changes aspect of noun (subject/object/indirect object/etc.) conjugation changes tense of verb
Was that banker that stabbed the cabbie last week muttering about Paul Allen's apartment and Huey Lewis?
He bent it like himself.
Click the link on my last tweet and spread the word! Just launched last week! Picking the first group now!
"I got baqq wit him"-me "Your fucking stupid."-my mom "As if you should be talking, whyd u get baqq wit tht asshole then?"-me Don't Judge Me
Looking to #buy #rent or #sell an apartment in #NYC ? I'd love to help!
2012 Ferrari Hampton Rally Event is all I'm saying :-)
sorry for the typo its a job for the prison as a CO nothing to do with a customer wtf stupid phone.
How come when airport security does a "random" check, that always means me come with them
Every day I get to work early with intentions of leaving early. Approximately 4 out of 5 days I end up staying late.
I don't know if I could be any gayer for Jon Hamm.
woman that's not my twitter name! It's c_turrtle!
Happy closing!
how many people do you have in your contest
Smokin' Hot Lineup!
yeah thought so. I ain't mad at Mike one bit!
Have a great time, everyone! RT Leadership Recognition Ceremony at
A million things to do between now and tomorrow, so not much contact until I'm settled in. Still need food.
It's a good day to stay in PJs. I don't like the #snow!
Might get to go home during spring break! :)
Need to exfoliate for under a buck!? Mix pure baking soda with water for an easy to do face and body exfoliator!:)
lol this needs to end. Bye.
those that can do, those than can't become American Apparel models
I do believe that the fact that I am not working is playing a big part in this all
“: If I saw Vinny on the streets 20 years from now my heart would still speed up a bit.” you and me both!
RT : Good news tonight on a GREAT friendly. Hopefully we can finish it up. Stay tuned
follow and search him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Follow him
I need you to give me a rebranding makeover. ;)
Udonis Haslem got D-wades back dunkin on Taj Gibson yesterday...how bout that karma
that would be great, thanks!!
SO FROM NOW ON WHEN YOU THINK OF ME JUST REMEMBER I COULD OF BEEN THE BEST THING THAT YOU EVER HAD
Don't take people's word for it, live your own life!
Be a lover, not a fighter. But always fight for what you love...
I was very briefly icked by the email this morning. Then I remembered what day it is. ;)
What do you call a fake stone in Ireland? A sham rock.
every time I make a typo, or forget an apostrophe—even in a tweet—I think that the stress takes years off of my life, that's normal right?
Uncle Ray did speak truff....but ya'll, Ray Watson just reminded me of Eddie Kane Jr. from the 5 heartbeat...4 real
I love that
Next thing you know you'll be tweeting about NASCAR. RT : I'm really in to country music lately and don't know why
RT : Nobody likes you Monday, go away.
I like it! We'll see you soon!
thanks for following. stay tuned. more to come.
hell I'm not going to argue with you about it I'm a month older so stop Lol
sank you very much! :)
That awkward moment when your making a wish on 11:11 and you get interrupted by 11:12
Finally visiting State Street Brats. It is everything I thought it would be.
Just finished my last rehearsal for final scenes, and I'm feeling real good about it! Now bedtime!
Hofbrauhaus... A rowdy good time!
Lets keep spreading the word #RObotz! were doing good so far, but we can do better! Follow !
Wearing blue skinnies and thinking, I'm just cool
Oh my! wat did u do to a customer?
Gas is too high for the highway
it would be the first one I watch... RT Things I'd do if I ran ABC, Vol. 199: make Amanda Knox the next Bachelorette.
THATS NOT GOOD AT ALL.
My dog just got his, & the tag is ENORMOUS, bigger than other 2 tags- like he's walking around w/5 of commandments on his collar
Dallas fabric store, located on Lovers lane and Inwood... first tweet!
Heard about tonight, told 3 people, 1 of them already gave a $50 loan to student in S. America. Keep it going
that is some bomb ass eetch!
RT : The only class warfare we need to wage is against the political class.
Timing sucks, too. Hopefully it's warranty.
lol. hartsfield was crazy this am. #RSAC here we come. RT : Hot bag!! ( - ask them to hold the plane!) ;-)
I had to fall to lose it all..
I will totally come see the house this week!
As always, call your congresspersons (don't email, call!) to tell them not to limit research access you've paid for.
Oh man, the horror!!!
Does anyone have HBO and is willing to let me invade their habitat to let me watch tonight's #GameOfThrones ?
Venue time and location change.. Playing 11p at Lalibela!! If u are DC hope u can make it!
&& that moment is now.
wishing U the BEST in Miami :) Go get~em :)
getting smashed and about to go out for some more quality drinking
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to your whole life? on the coming New World Order. #freedomwatch 8PM ET
is twitter the dh match[dot]com?
RIP Donald "Duck" Dunn, the bass, base, and ass of the Memphis soul sound.
": Sup AP! Fantastic seeing you Fri night:)" Always great to see you!
My mom put a link to a post on Facebook - that is a sign of high praise!
A small intelligent staff working 24/7 on the project. The PROGRESS, I can only imagine. For now, still just me until "the call" comes in.
I am NOT work today...mentally!
Mobile marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
RT Huge ovation for Becky as she enters the #WNBAAllStar Game!
Either the Tupac hologram was an incarnation of FX artist,or this is Machiavelli's/2Pac's gradual reincarnation, and was filmed in realtime
When I first moved here I loved the food network. Now I can't stand all these similar shows. What a missed opportunity that channel is
Only as much as I dream can I be.
+?social media?for those who have nothing else to do..or for us, who have so much to do...what the...we wouldn't get it all done anyway
Watching Where the Heart is while I work. It's a little more emotional than I thought!
It's weird how you go from being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, then strangers again.
We're so lucky to have as a Y Gen supporter! You're the greatest :)
I LOVE YOU GEORGIA!!! Thanks for loving me back!
damn shit sour but its life nothin stays the same
Who is coming in tonight after Jazz in the Park to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome drink specials?
Another hour & a half left
Back in vegas
Happy 4th of July everyone!
WTF SO AM I
i kno im blowed up hold on!
Great conversation, as always. Thank you all! Happy Friday and Happy Halloween!
Join this Friday at 11am for Irish dancing along State Street, to the lights and sounds of St. Patrick's Day.
Love this weather. It's like a fine glass of wine! TRT : 64 degrees today AND tomorrow. Winter has officially been skipped!...
good luck! I remember that journey / roller coaster well.
#CNN Tyler Perry Studios- Atlanta Fire Dept confirms one building has partially collapsed.
I wonder how many greyhounds a greyhound could drink if he drank greyhounds all day long
Lets go
How about David Letterman
“: Nothing against anyone but I know ppl change like the seasons and the result is usually disappointment”~~~not always
I got like 20 friends at the Laker game...is it that romantic at the Staples Center??? Lol
My vocabulary: 50% swearing. 50% sarcasm.
Battling a sinus infection. Got a chiro appointment today.
Mouse just ran over my foot at the airport
can we count on to be at our Soma show tomorrow night?
Are those Baby on Board signs supposed to be deterrents or incentives?
Dustin Brown is a BEAST
I observe all my friends closely
"when written, shit does not have an odor"
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Prada, Mercedes, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany all come to mind
Night all. xo
Haven't talked to anyone about play adaptation before Could be promising...Would love to know what you think of the book.
If you're a small biz..get a free website tomorrow at Ambridge Events Ctr. Google will give you a site for a year. 7:30a-2p.
I watchrd it. It hurt more than I expected. It also fired me up even more for this season
Overheard at 's #bringyourkidtoworkday: "Well honey, that's because everyone's not as crazy as you."
NBD just packed the hizzy in NOLA. We're comin back next year bitches.
CELTICS still ballin without P. Peirce. Let em ice that knee, we still got the point gaurd from Kentucky !!
wouldn't me doing guest post defeat the purpose of me getting to read your non-guest post thoughts on this?
thank you! you as well!
At chuky cheese this never gets old
Visit www.kcfilm.com to find out what the Film Commission of Greater Kansas City is doing to foster a rich and vibrant film culture in KC!
Okay, i'm mad. i thought we were only meeting on the last saturdays! i'll be in next time, promise!
Please dont say merry Christmas at 12 o' clock midnight, go to sleep and wake up and say it like a normal person
I wouldn't be too optimistic about that 2016 assumption.
Life Is A Bitch.
What is MiSFiTs?
That syrup, that lean, that oil, its goin down baby, know wut I'm talkin bout haha
dude I wish, I havent hung out w him in like, 2wks.
Cause i found someone to carry me home tonight.
WILL WAS ALIVE & THEN HE SACRIFICED HIMSELF TO LET THE HOSTAGES ESCAPE & THEN THE BANK FUCKING BLEW THE FUCK UP, HOLY SHIT.
then, almost Bless You. ;)
ha ha with that sort of invite!! Of Course!! :-)
This has always been one of my favorite Disney Channel movies. (Gotta Kick It Up)
Im missin my baby and its ur phone fault i hate that gernade lmfao kinda remind yu wat happen to ryan phone
#HTH2012 YEAH! Good discussion of common breakdowns #archaeology synthesis, interpretation, publication. Likes onsite synthesis active data
is that where I send my complaints for not getting any replies to my emails about house parties or dans guitar lessons? :p haha
haha i guess...
Looking forward to October ;)
Yes. RT "Renew. Renew NOW. #kjennytweets #woof"
RT interdisciplinary: (adj.) sucking in more ways than one
yum! Can u fedex to Seattle? Lol
apparently. Not sure why denouncing others gives you such pleasure. Have you turned republican?
FIFA is all about "Fair Play"...yeah, right. What a missed opportunity to send the right message to the world youth!
Now I really don't know why I squeezed into these jeans today, smh
go rays!!
Old Man Getting On Plane: "Are you the pilot?" Pilot: "Yes, sir." OMGOP: "Well, this is my first time on a plane." Pilot: "Mine, too!"
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and Herborn-Seelbach at German Fest this year!
O I would love to enter his world, "Baby, you taking applications?"
You smoke to be cool but like really your killing yourself
You think that you know mee.. But you don't.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Omg! I love Hello so so much!! This is the third time listening to it this morning :) :)
manana luigi!! we'll chat then :)
damn I didnt know a school can not allow someone to transfer out
RT When we lose the ego and you love until it hurts, there can't be any more hurt, only more love.
Life began when I saw your face, and I hear your laugh like a serenade...
Hola Madison! You should defff follow me and your future wife
dude i miss- nevermind. there's no point cuz umma keep missing it & it will never ever happen again.
RT : Today's Special - Chicken Panini - Roasted chicken, tomatoes, spinach, basil aioli & basil jack cheddar on french boule.
my endearing aunt and my cousins in high school just told me I'd make a great candidate on the bachelor, or bachelorette.
Some people needa realize, sometimes people just wanna be alone & don't wanna be pitied. It's nothing personal but u needa understand that.
I couldn't help it
Hey LeBron James, the New York are getting their Super Bowl RINGS. WHERE ARE YOURS???
In the 35 seconds it takes to walk up the pete steps.. Smh..who walks up the steps in 35 seconds??
Big congrats, Ben! says congrats too.
you need to come back. sign with the pack, big man.
We opened in May 2011, and are finally making enough moves to have something to talk about! Thx for the nudge to Tweet, !
Apple needs to buy swype from android..
:) Minuteman library network has cake pans. None at SFPL, that I can see. You'll have to move back.
ok. you gucci.
You look great and you ARE still incredibly funny. Keep doing what you're doing. :) Much love!
Chuck Todd: "Jerry Lewis on Ed McMahon: 'We're going to miss him but I sure as hell hope where ever he is, he's got his booze.' Ok then."
I'll be listening to Mercy all day today
why did so many people want to fight him?
Oz confirms Peavy to start Wednesday!!! Talk about sports history...this is a game that if you don't get on cable...order the MLB package!!
Build a Better DC. Start today.
Sometimes I feel like I waste my time with some people..
he got the baddest next to him :)
Hot yoga time
": The cheapest tickets to see Daniel Tosh at the Orpheum are $100... #itwasaniceidea" Looks like that's out of the question.
Haha (; & Ur mom didn't think you were a virgin?
i love zelda for super nintendo!
Still waiting . .
Thank you for the local support!
Suck on titties then makes a wish
well just got done talking to the studio owner he said yes we can use his studio whenever im so happy we are finally gettin their-Tamya
What does that mean? Nobody plays D. RT : So kobe is gonna have the highest score in the all star games history....
seitan cheese steak + curly fries from spak brothers = dinner win
i love it it so amazing its like a mysterie
I'm jealous :( haha
Omg @ python vs alligator
my 100th tweet goes out to my amazing owners. and << 2 amazing wonderful caring people right there. <111
I Cant Im Leaving Soon
it was good seeing you today bro. Hopefully we can get together and play again soon.
RT : Marc Staal. Because It's The Cup.
... now I'm gonna make you eat that shit
Same here. It is, as they say, in progress :-)
Letting go, moving forward.
We have a new server ready - vpn-fd2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Chicago. It's available in your customer area now.
ah thanks for the advice on the tweets
Up early watching teen titans! :) This is my show
Everyone1 says I sound like when I rap and sing!
Keep tweeting. Enjoy your stuff :-)
Audition info for Southwest Shakespeare up on the site. You can schedule for Phoenix Theatre auditions on-line this Monday, Apr. 18.
Some words of your wisdom would be pretty great for me right now :\
Vikas! Great meeting you last nite ! I'd love to link up & tell u abt - #SMS #accounting tool for #Bop !
Show at the Civic Center Ice Rink tomorrow! 9pm-12am. $5 for ice skating, food, live music, and socializing.Bring your friends :)
Where does James Bond lie on the spectrum of pop culture references these days?
It's joeys birthday!!!!
"I am free from condemnation." (Romans 8:1) #thatswhatHEsaid Wednesday, March 14
third shot?
"Praise is only praise when well addressed." -John Gay
“I am a woman in process-just trying like everybody else-I take every conflict, every experience and learn from it.Life is never dull”~Oprah
#happynationalbestfriendday to me & my BFF :)<3
Contemplating getting some Beats by Dre but I didn't like the Gaga ones I got before.
Spring officially arrived in Charlotte at 1:14 am. Oh, how I have longed for you ... Welcome back!
Success! 2,377 letters done. Now to print them and their envelopes and kill a medium sized forest.
Harden sucks! Nunez has three hits for the yanks...on my bench
thanks for the follow
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Face Painting News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
This day in 1973, Bruce Springsteen released his debut album ‘Greetings from Asbury Park, NJ.’ Would love to play soon.
Happy 4th of July everyone. Enjoy this time with those you love!
no problem! Hell yeah! Get it!!!
O I want to see pictures!! Haha And im sure you will!:)
Serving people grandly, graciously, and spiritually is a work of art. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
I JUST realized Wisconsin drivers have front and back license plate :s
I want some PUSSY :)
Happy Easter everyone! Jesus is risen...!(:
RT : QUESTION: Have you ever considered sponsoring a child through Compassion? Do you have any questions about the process?
text me back!
Welcome girl :) love ya too
thankss like two weeks late haha
We are doing well..... and I hear things are very good for you. This makes me SMILE. * SMILEING* hope we see you soon
BETTER than a granola bar, even! I'm eating hash browns, spinach & beans. You totally win.
Bored ass fckk
Karma is going to bite you in the ass . WATCH .
Swear! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> RT : I'm So sore! Ugh damn skates
#witness prep is more about de-training and breaking down ineffective communication habits.
In #Duluth where upset homeowner says city is backing out of promise to replace damaged property caused by construction. City repsonse at 6.
W.O.W. thats all I can say
Some old drunk guy just said he thought I was 52!!!! WTF!!!!
I also have thoughts of guilt over not thinking about it.
its a lot who are fake and say there otaku ...buts its ok my project is about to launch soon
So tired prom later on so goodnight/morning
My fantasy Basketball team is called Linsane In Da Membrane haha
I want a Bad Bitch a couple of Talents!!
Can't wait to write the book about my life. I am tired of thinking about this stuff.
Houseboating on the Murray River
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends, family, employees and customers!
And it also doesn't mean that I'm a "rich white bitch" or that I think I'm entitled to everything.
can i please geta follow back boo i showd too much luv lastnight fo ya boo str8 VIP section
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 47
fun stuff :) lol. How have ya been? :)
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
Psychopathic racists with guns kill people, not hoodies. What world are you living in?
Really annoyed we haven't left yet for overnight Derby party in Cynthiana!
excuse me?!?
Don't buy gas or diesel from SUNOCO(PETRO CANADA)/ESSO UNTIL THEY LOWER THEIR PRICES TO THE $.79 RANGE AND KEEP THEM DOWN. Retweet to all.
Proud that I know what this means. MT “: Great concert hall, but the floor is as sticky as Piedmont Dragway on Big Dog nite."
Today is the anniversary of when I moved to New York City. I'm celebrating by having a full blown existential crisis.
just casually hacking up my lung, ya knoww. being sick <<
To expect defeat is nine-tenths of defeat itself~Henry Louis Mencken
We r recruiting diaper donation dropoff locations If ur business would like 2 b a donation drop-off location,
My heart is breaking. The world lost a very sweet man last night. Gonna miss you, Uncle Jerry! :(
Yea that'll work
wait wait wait.....i see u niggas disappearing, ima find u
CRS Electronics Reports 2011 Financial Results
All the blogging advice out there tells you to start with a catchy headline, but I'm pretty sure I'm terrible at it.
And this is a bad thing how?
Writing music for marimbas and vibes is fun :3
a quick victory, just as i suspected.
Ewwww note to self: never drink a warm seaweed milkshake
Finally read David Mccullough's John Adams. Possibly
Can I remind you she said I look like a bag if money <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
That awkward moment when you throw a pigeon at a pig and yell"ANGRY BIRD"
Taking four studio courses this semester: I'm doing art like I'm breathing air.
So long to everyone at #cildc. Up early to catch flight home. Leaving tomorrow for UKSG conference in Glasgow
What does the Boston Globe endorsement mean 4 Huntsman? We'll hear from KiKi McLean & next on Early Start
Finally decided to learn #jquery. Wow, I'm impressed! Why did I wait so long?
funky brother
Thanks for the RT friend! Hope the VISIONS Fair yesterday was a great success!
Sometime we are forced in directions we should have already found
I can view the slides just fine. I just couldn't participate in the exercise. I wrote the questions down, will try later. Thx
My allergies are so bad, I might have to start being one of those people who walk around with the creepy surgical masks in public.
Authenticity & good content RT : Q. What are best ways of networking online for an entrepreneur wannabe?
Just finished sign waving in the rain! We're at it again on later this week!
Nice meeting you!
DED Kriabo Kacyira: "Methods of communication are only as valuable as their ability to liberate people from their circumstance"
Me: Noah do you know what state you were born in? Noah: Yes, the United States of Marines.
Miss those guys.
fucking idiot drivers....
Hopefully this is my last test for the week :)
Check yo Facebook.
Did you know if you buy a bundle of ten boxes from us, you receive a 10% discount? We also sell a wide variety of packing products!
Vintage gym shorts. Irrésistible.
Just beat ICO. Scratch that one off the list. What a phenomenal game.
Good Sunday Morning! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! It's been full of getting together with friends and enjoying beautiful weather!
Cheap drinks this evening: $2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and $3 Corona!
"it's not garbage if it's new to you..." #SNL<U+270C>
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I
God favored me....and He favored you too
Chicken fajita wrap & broccoli on it's way from
wer u at
“: Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.”
Obviously didn't need me! Congrats! Your grandpa would be proud. RT a few yrs ago I asked u for a job on the air!
Yes I would be interested in talking with you on camera but would like a few more details before agreeing to do so
Watching Boy Meets World in class
omg haha and I was supposed to be studying for my test but that didn't happen cuz Alex decided to get on..:p
"I'm gonna need an extra big oil pan to cut the wind underneath." Ready to run fast and hard all day.
Your potassium may be low. Eat some bananas.
I’ve always loved the “write what you want to know” philosophy. And what I want to know right now is: how does one become a pirate?
earthtocarla pmsl!! could you drop it off at her tomorrow before school? oh wait no we've all to be in town for half 8 :/
could i have a shoutout?..... love your account <3 im on follow limit
Good Morning!! Blessed to see another day....
starting to fall for him kinda, gotta get my head back in the right place.
Hey Bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to dress like Cece on shake it up
Vampire Weekend pre-ordered.
BOO! (the assist to Bo!)
if you can't catch a yawn you're a psychopath!
Thank you. How are you? Tell Barry I said hello.
you don't have the balls lmao
thank you (;
just got #DoubleXP for my clan for 3 days ;)
Thanks for following! We heart The Statesman! :)
I am sure that someone at (me, , or other contributors) would like to submit something. We'll discuss.
RT : Thank god it's what day is this.
#ThingsThatTasteGoodWhenYouHigh sugar popcorn
Painting the bedroom today - quite a project!
totally agree.
Now look at me, I'm sparkling.
Experience is the best teacher.
Well thank you - glad you enjoyed!
Yes we can!! Just keep telling your friends to tweet
:"Juha Helpppi just got dealt 2c2c at my table. Good thing the bad deck didn't void 1st 30 min, I'm up to 40k :)"
I was so impressed.
Computers don't do what they're supposed to. I hit the escape button 50 times today - AND I'M STILL AT WORK!
lets make its one
RT : Dear mama, you are appreciated
Hold on Meow >:|
Time for Lavo Brunch
Happy New Year!!
So and I just recorded a segment for this week's Epic Bros, and guess who stopped by? Internet funny man and rad dude !
Good morning loves
thank you:)
goodbyes are so sad. Come visit the U.S. soon
Hard Rock Poker Room today, 2pm $25 buy-in, 7pm win your buy-in to the WSOP, $60 buy-in, 1 rebuy
Me and ; Tell me im beautiful. Chris; You're beautiful. Jamison; And mean it. Chris; *Screamin* You're so beautiful.
hahaha me neither
cough and cold....argggg
RT : Now that Lador Day is over I am wondering how much will gas prices fall????
falling and getting a skinned knee wasn't the fun i was looking for ):
Wait how do you know? Miss NMSU! haha
she inboxed me saying they are! Lmfao. Jealous bitch
the future of the #vikings in MN is in the speaker's hands. I do want it to work out, i'm a fan.
I'm taking issue w/ "For you always have the poor with you…"
The last two minutes have been crazy.
Shake it Up <3
I 100% feel you
lol just tried to bribe my history class with cupcakes. i hope they vote for my team.lol
What?! “: Orcas kill sharks by torpedoing into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.”
I'm straight chillin right now. Okai Haiti
"it's not dead, it's living-challenged." -
Have you NO heart?!?! Its a SAD day in #Yankees Universe!
Color coodinated? I don't think so.
possibly.rt now is a marsh pattern that looks real good, and a lot like the TM wetlands patterns. Do you have a fav camo pattern?
Northwestern University School of Law & Salmon P. Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University (Semi-Finals)
**singing**Oh my love, a thousand kisses are never enough.
I'm at 120 Orchard st. LES. Style about to play w/ Underground Horns. If your in the area come thru its pretty packed. Okai Haiti
Putting together a desk from ikea what a pain in the ass
it's called peripheral vision <U+E419><U+E40D>
Just ran my 1st 10K, the Nike Human Race, in the rain... In PA, and the leaves are gorgeous! Good day.
Happy Mothers Day!
Love opening night geek movie crowds.
Looking forward to your thoughts on it - it's on my wishlist.
yes, it immediately follows happy hour. And is stocked with awesome.
no worries. I can imagine that its crazy crunch time. Hm...That sounds like a cereal.
omg PTV live chat tomorrow!! I've been waiting forever for this<3
Category 5-e winner is Chicago Bears Network
Ahmed: Hate crimes being committed against Americans who are being confused as Muslim (Hispanics, etc)
Bit with you and was hilarious and so touching. "The other Jimmy" should be ashamed! :-)
The Badgers are more likely to make the sweet sixteen than lose in the first round
Alex Goot makes songs better than the originals by far.<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
as a Dad, can't imagine that moment. (Let alone having 2 sons as MLB starters)
the Yankees win the World Series.
Tweet book or chapter reviews
Another reason to attend the Hospital Food Fight on Apr 22: will emcee with keen wisdom, wit and insight.
Flying to Puerto Rico today! It's been a while since I've been home.
Hi!! Thanks for following us!
Nick my baby I have a trampoline your welcome to use it<3(;
working for the man late tonight...ugh!
Had a scarily realistic dream that the entire world was flooding and everyone knew there would be no way to survive... Uh seize the day?
SO GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND:) WELCOME BACK WE'VE MISSED YOU.
yes, I hugged you but you ignored the ish out of me. WaTeVeR!
Is your other twitter or is a poser?
did they really? i dont keep up w college baseball. at all. hell any baseball beside travs
Data shows that blended learning improves outcomes, but studies can't pinpoint why.
#MariaBamford clips & reading Patsy Cline wikipedia...it's what my husband & I do to keep ourselves entertained in these hard economic times
#RT Don't forget: follow & *mention on twitter for your chance to win 2 KICKASS tees tomorrow!
So sorry to hear of your disappointment! Will share w/our team. Did you resolve w/mgr? If not, please DM w/yr email
you know how people write things on their cap when they graduate? Well on mine I'm going to put "screw you guys... I'm going home."
I'm not competing with that!
Okay! Due to technical difficulties, we're re-airing Chef Brian Landry tonight. We'll have Chef Mark Quitney next week! BUT...
hah tell me your address :P
What a way to end a Friday and the week!
I understand it may also be bad for your health...
Ready for those drivers lisences next year :)
Thanks, we'll be showing more in the coming months too!
Knew Classicist who rarely published but sent articles only to those he knew were interested in his specialty-kind of 1970s social web
Its tough to get away with texting at night. Cops never believe that the inside of my car has a natural blue light.
good luck!
ready for the day, someone lets do something!
I have been deliberately not listening to Merzbow since like 1995
fail. ill do it later
so...text me
lol...did you seriously think I would fall 4 that one. :).
I hear you talking about me . _-_
DWade is the worst player on earth right now... Smdh
You done been good but you could better I done been wet but i could get wetter come and make it rain down on me.
Are you fellas ready for what's heading your way this weekend?
ugh I know I'm still I'm pain haha, but I got Zoom!
I truly believe that compassion provides the basis of human survival. ~14th Dalai Lama
just indexed three terabytes looking for a recording of an asian
Great day at Elmington! Thanks and thanks Nashville.
Checked email, big meeting today has been cancelled. Will replace time set aside w long run!
You're kidding me right?
that's wats up
No matter what I say, I'm not over you. <U+E406>
no pressure bro
Women on here going overboard with sports talk makes me laugh. Like a high schooler trying to get prom queen votes..desperate for attention!
At least they held the Rox under 20.
New : Saturday Sips. Sat afternoons, join us & our fave wine pros for a few sips. Anything we taste is 15% off! TODAY 2pm-4pm
Come support Epilepsy Awareness by getting a Purple Hair Extention at any one of our locations. Only a $10 Donation
one historical romance author to keep an eye on in 2011/12 is Ellen O'Connell - her western historicals have been fab
Yeah, I can see how that could put a damper on that. Haha. Well, pass it along to your fellow female Blue Jackets fans.
Look over this way.
ha ma bad
Twinkle is actually a SNSD first venture into lesbian gravure.
#Colton Dixon you're amazing<3
So I check the Dbacks game after #Coyotes first period ends....LOL you were right, sir.
..love that tune..and JBTV!
Ugh library fines are piling up and I am still not done with this paper
yeah :/ I just got the simple silver one because I'm in the pool a lot and don't want it to snag on anything :)
LMAO that happened to me on thanksgiving
US economy adds more jobs than forecast in September.The US economy added 103,000 jobs in September,ahead of many economists' expectations
Color me invisible.
Too much focus on cardio, U need full body workouts especially focusing on compound exercises like squats, lunges, etc..
Don't forget to support your Hoyas over break!
Its prom day!!!!
I wonder how long Kevin Rose will stay at Google.
it's about time. Love you : O
Please follow you won't regret it! And follow me for more updates on him. Thanks<3
Does someone have a case of the Monday's?
your a liar frenchy voice
have a safe trip!
lol we will remind and blast it the day it drops! thanks <3
Do you have a Disney Library, Scott?
would like to see Chelsea win on a Torres goal and a Cech shutout...but not likely
deep man.
you serious???? Fuck!!!
I finished the series!!! Let me know when you're done and we can CHAT! I want to know how you feel about it.
do I have to
Terrence and Tiann Moses give their personal testimony.
Super cute!! :)
Treat people as u want to be treated, Karma is only a "bitch" if u are!!---- (Taken From, "Beauty, Brains and Beyond" )
dats wuts up--so r u workin on any projects now cuz i need to start workin on my mixtape-concept n cover is done
No, but that could be changed... re "Are we learning as fast as the world is changing?"
remember when you could watch marchmadness online for free? greedy
I was gonna clean my room until I got high I was gonna get up and find the broom but then I got high My room is still messed up and I knw y
Thanks so much for the follow and for all of your amazing work!
We also are staffing a perm C++ Developer role in Tampa. Got C++? #perm #in #tampa #C++
Bout to head to for tonights show w/firststreetheat! Show starts @ 10ish! Come show us some Cinci non-sense and get down!
Miss thang stay on twitter when she know she needs to be studying. --->
Thanks for your support ! RT: " fantastic performance tonight! What a way to kickoff the next 75 years!"
Be on the lookout for our new Lunatik New Era hats. Hittin the market soon
girl!! sorry u haven't heard from me, haven't had a phone.. it'll be a few more days lol. u went out 2night?(; follow back xoxo
Workin on a collab contest for destorm and hittin up the studio for "forever know". Workin hard and havin fun booya
Love the energy in the classroom after spring break. This is going to be a fun 6 weeks!
V.nice! RT : Oh, now THAT is a great idea ! I adore In home decor?
I did. I'm pretty sure that was rattlesnake.
call me !!
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Gingriches daughter looks like cookie monster
Vittu tätä paskaa my tire blew out on I-405 last evening
I miss the kind of laughing that used to make your face hurt
I'm listening to Super Bass I love it.
": @ SMiRK making clothes"
that i was skinnier and prettier! i hate my life!!! KMN
irenic officially has a new rehearsal space in the southside. big things are a'brewing.
Adults say ''Because I said so'' when they don't have a good reason.
I was so close to calling the front desk and reporting them. Then I looked at them and most of them were overweight. They need it...
Roscon de Reyes! Plain, cream or chocolate. Order yours today $25 (8 pax) or have it here with a cup of Chocolate for $6.50
if you were written in a book, youd be in fine print
You are welcome. Love your site. Glad to know about your services.
yhur amazing...i go 2 school is bellwood...right next 2 maywood...God is goin 2 use yhu in a big way :)...Love & Light
“: good morning..” Great Morning Luv
thanks for the heads up!
Dentist appointment today! Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!
Bright eyes
Ahh... nothing better.
never easy scoring that way, pass on that one
It affects all corporations equally. There's nothing wrong with union members voting. Or you think they shouldn't?
cant believe u wuld shoot at me tho <
So, Yeah...I Have A Twitter Account Now...What's Up Twitter-World?
This weight on her small body, frail shoulders, she is worn. Awake 3 times in one hour to care for her infant father. Love repays its debt.
he asked me why I was looking him in the eyes lmao
#vsa2011 Journey of Bilingual Evaluation Capacity: 3 Institutions Perspectives, I'm ready!
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
saylor678 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Melissa and Maks , they only got 21 but I love them ! Fingers crossed they stay !
The devil be workin on me, I make it so easy for him. God be talkin to me, I pour up a drink and ignore him
i love seein girls kissin girls
Moving far away....not that far :P
well i have no problem wiff that..looks like we have somethin to plan<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wow!!! Just checkd this twitter acct but I sure hate I missed th
Party Pit are n/a at BOGO drops.
I will probably hate you in the morning.
who wants to bet that in ten years i'll probably have acumulated at least 5 different restraining orders from 5 different celebrities?
Thanks ! Hope you are finding lots of fun family activities and enjoying the app
I'm getting tired of this.
I agree!
Thanks man! Tough to leave such a great group of fans
He's a good egg. RT Happy birthday to the best robot!
ready to Get it in the Orlando Area for recording new work. Hit me on Reverbnation or Twitter. Mic Mich if you know some good labs.
Love you!! Thank you darling :)
PATRIOTS PLAY ON THANKSGIVING THIS YEAR! There is a God
Thanks for including us in your newsletter.
#SoListen is my new favorite song! I get so excited when I hear it. iTS MY JAM! Lol <3
we is not even gonna lie cuz Gucci this is all of are ring tones...but that's the only song by them we really like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Gotta love Thanks to everybody who has pre ordered! 8 days left.
even when ur not flying back from SD It's always 12Noon somewhere :P
right. This is really maybe the worst story I've heard since the ferret ate off all that baby's fingers and toes.
stop taunting
Me and my best friend going to the school halloween party as the Men in Black
legs are tired from standing all day. there go my plans for the gym.
im obsessing over #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! PLEASE RT JUSTIN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
David likes linear algebra!
he is/isn't a celeb but Sam pepper! X
Feeling very lucky to have seen two #TED speakers at the European Social Commerce Summit: &
My hat size would qualify me.
SEXUALITY OF MIDDLE YEARS AND SEXUAL FUNCTION IN THE AGING WOMAN - ...
tell me why i didnt see this earlier....
hey.. I have some songs I want to submit for you guys. Where can I send them?
Hey babe :) How was your day? MarchingBand7Days <U+2665>
oh hey sara
If this was LA, it'd be art RT : crews have started chipping at huge boulder that slipped Tues night, crushed cars, dmgd house.
it’s not about being right. It’s about finding the right answer
-TY for the Rt doll! Pulling and sourcing away here for you!! XOX
Guess again. " if my predictions stay on track i'm betting my money on
Looking for outdoor adventure this weekend? Help clear ivy & holly from Cedar River Watershed. Email for more info.
Oh Happy New Years Eve im fid to get ready and straighten my hair for church tonite love you guys amd be back late at night
FM was one of the best shows we did.
Give your mama some extra love today. Creating life is not easy. Bringing you up was probably harder =).
Last home game :( I'm going to miss bball. Go Aztecs!
i see how u doing me
Gym time!
Responded to FIRE @ 1148 Blake Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 14 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT : Tough tough loss. But head held high as always. Great season. Ended to short for us.
That is pressssh.
keep at it=]
Sami should be with EJ, though another triangle with Lucas along the way would be good.
still annoying if they constantly call.
Bout 2eat some chips and drink some juice den goda sleep
Then we'll have to make sure we share a margarita earlier in the day!
awh man! memories haha and nice man, we don't get down until the end of May
Tear of the posterior rim of the gleniod labrum. Abnormal labral morphology extends to the posterior portion of superior rim #kronum injurys
Everyone's telling their height. Well I'm 6 foot 7 foot 8 foot bunch. Jk I'm 5'11
Like my status if u dont know what lms means
hey, what time do y'all play tonight?
Liked it a lot, the story and the little girl were very powerful as to what someone in her shoes may go thru. #Pariah movie.
I am following!
Let's all have fun and #LightUp the sky...
When your working and someone shits on the floor..
Yay! Great show! ": Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!"
And I kiss it, apparently.
I should have said that I saw , Staind (), and in Belton last night. Great concert!
Good ole forts!
OMG I WON!! I didn't know I don't have a mac but I do have an ipod
One of my close friends is gone in a blink of an eye. RIP Brandon. You will be miss and won't be forgotten. :'(
the incubation chamber
Building relationships to fill your funnel is the wrong intention. Build relationships to help others. SeanLetwat
Colorado 3 - Minnesota 2 after one quarter of play.
you're screwed...
what you watching this on? LOL I'm interested haha
Followed back. <U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
RT : If you see a spider on Halloween it is said to be the spirit of somone who loves you. No squishy!
yep. all dinner shifts too im pretty sure.
I've reached this sort of wonderful precipice
I am June Kilz!
I like him. but dang.
me too my brotha
it's funny how my year old niece has an obsession with closing doors :D
Lol and ill be the perfect guy right hahaha jk; )
Looks aren't everything
#slbootcamp: I could see us in HR using the iPad to deliver training and onboarding in the field to our sales reps.
35 followers thanks everyone!
Back when boy-girl seating arrangements were the worst punishment ever.
#Itscutewhen she laughs, makes me smile and love her more!!
Marc Johnson, Rachel Croson and Steven Angle chosen for interviews for UNR presidency.
practice makes perfect...this is true for a soldier,footballer,athlete,wrestler,boxer,singer,artist...but not true for you
She really is fascinating & inspiring!! #PeopleIWantToMeet Dr. G the medical examiner on Discovery Health! -- Jasmine Guevara ()
Listen up tweeps!THEY don't want us to protest, let's hold MEETINGS across the country. Effective immediately. Discuss ideas & strategy!
Good morning!!!
RT : Chewing gum can help in making a human brain run efficiently and effectively.
#Tweet2862 Got tired of having my first name in my twitname :P so bye #J0RDAN124 & hello to an old nickname, ;)
KPIs assess if something succeeds or fails. Prefer Key Learning Indicators - measure against behavioral indicators.
Another Fourth of July. Halloween is right around the corner.
#FirePioli kc BBQ is in business at least
Happy birthday Big Poppa!!!!
Hey did you ever find Tasha's jacket?
Hippie roommate has sharp pains in the ovarian area. Making a hospital run for 4th. Woot! Diagnosis ?
A liitle over 100 cappers on today's hoops posted and 40 cappers so far with their SB pks and expect a ton more by kickoff
if u follow me I would be the happiest girl ever on earth
u know whats amazing? when #niallwhipshispenis !
I dunno just not into the whole Kate Upton thing.....I think she is a little trashy
THERE'S ONLINE DATING FOR FARMERS!!!
Brief Candles, Gospel Gossip, Scrimshaw, and Pony Trash- tonight at 9:30 at Cactus!
MOVIN TO TWITTER TOO, WHILE IM IN THE SHITTER FOOL, PRACTICE AT THE GRAMMIES, PISS BY OSCARS TOO, ROSTER FEW, CUZ ITS VOCAL,
Tonight at Coffee Lab Roasters (7 Main St Tarrytown NY) will be the Lagond Performance Show Case at 8pm! $5 Door.
That was the perfect description It’s new for us both, the driving, the fear, the letting go of control, tinyurl.com/3gbxzzf
Photoshoot scheduled for next week, video release coming up, and biz coaching crazy Friday happenings!
damn! I was seeing if you wanted to kick it.
Didn't say it's been wholly anti-Bo. Said he was singled out for things others did 2. From there, of course ppl talk about rule.
true life: i look like jordin sparks
Get it in$$$$$ today.Tweet
how you been man?
A lot to expect considering the near fullness of the moon.
“: I'm going to behave myself for the rest of the school yr <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>” [HAHAHAHAHAHA SURE U R]
Set yourself apart from the rest, only then will you truly be alive.
hey. wanna call me? its 415 .. just kidding.
Love the Nene trade. Shows the organization cares about winning championships and not just fielding a competitive team.
My eyes literally turn to hearts when I see you.
follow my tweets no running... Ever
uh... im a fan of selena but she sucks at singing. she can't hit any notes and always screaches while signing... fuckin dumb -.-
why the FUCK CANT I CHANGE MY PROFILE PITCTURE!!! OMG LOL HELP ME :(
#FF City of #Cleveland accounts:
That would be awesome! Hopefully I'll be here, but the job market being what it is, who knows. Might be worth coming back for...
Great meeting you, too - hope the homework went well!
um really....
Bowling a strike followed by a spare for an entire game is called a Dutch 200.
Work to live, don't live to work.
I'm counting on it I wanna rematch at the #MLScup!!
them niggas givin u trouble? U kno N.S.M will be up there a$ap!! Lol
I promise u'll have fun lol
LOL good luck with that
Goodnight haters!
So excited that my 'Intro to horseback riding for actors' is beginning tmr! 6 weeks of planning coming to fruition!
Omg noo! D: I didn't knew it was due tomorrow!! ill try to do it tomorrow at skool.. Have u??
I'm loving 's Mother's Day Gift Guide! (and not just because of the name-check)
NOW FOLLOWING BACK ?
it's time for some mind numbing reality tv :)
HBO Adapting ‘This American Life’ Segment Into A Series via
i need food. Now. Im dying. Slowly.
It's official I am marrying a polynesian
Thanks! : Happy
I love the warm air blowing through the windows! Ah, winter in LA :-)
one hopes!
The sirens of the Southie sky make me feel all warm and safe
Are you ready?
whenever I see dance on #DWTS I get so happy.
Nico (one of the cats i live with) snores like you wouldn't believe. Sleep catnea is serious business, folks.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
I am the only (actual) girl here ary Aut Bar. Really. Drink please.
Just realised what I like so much about Fringe. A smart gutsy woman lead who isn't trying to be a man. Can we have more of this please?
our other favorites are wevideo, popplet, visual.ly, audiopal, and pen.io - just exploring cowbird -
I received my 2.5 Gig update from last night, right on time!
Hard to tweet this one - from sneezing on dec of independence to Oscars as murder weapons to... So glad we're podcasting!
" RT A temp barrier placed along the hike & bike trail where two joggers were hit. necessary? Make you feel safer?
My mentions are dead! Can someone tweet me?(:
yeah I think so!
good 2 see u 2. sent from my new ultrabook :-)
lol UGH. good thing you have the gay, as you would NEVER pick up any women with those pickup lines! also, I miss you too.
University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown - Tucson Citizen University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Cl
I get to see tomorrow :)
Do you have friends that are interested in acting?! Send them over to our page for more info and get them to "Like" us!!!
See some fish, eat some fish.
Sir Richard lead Matthew Crawley
I can't believe I wasn't already following here, as well as fb. I keep finding new "old" friends on twitter and LI. lol
Blake: "I hate the game 'life'. I always end up with like 40 kids and I can't support them!"
Best one I've ever had (pricey but had gift cert) was at the Four Seasons. Nothing's compared since.
okay, yes please do!
Anyone out there think Sarkozy has any chance of being reelected in France?
Been reading the book "born to run" and reading while injured is a bad idea...I am itching to get back on the trails.For now the book is fab
Home is where I can look ugly and enjoy it.
If played the Harlem Globetrotters, who would #win?
Moderately Old Men Playing Unpopular Music On Reissue Instruments (MOMPUMORI)
sometimes i just wanna scream "SHUT UP"!
Bored ass shit
That's great! Looking forward to connecting with you too!
Going to go cure all my ills by reading Against Method.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.~Buddha
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. - J.K. Rowling
Mothers day is tomorrow!! We still have a few tables available! Call today and make your reservation! 312 226 5550
Camos Brothers Pizza is NOT associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit store in Cary. Camos Brothers is operated by Gus & Richard Camos
Old jams coming up on my ipod.
oh okay ;)
I just got Diablo 2. So hit me up if u wanna play. Skype: fearztechno
i loved #redemption great job guys!!! xo
Lls ! LET GO!
Every time Joe Mauer gets a hit I think the majority of St. Paul gives a little fist pump along with a, "that a boy, Joe"
Sharing a room w/my sister & her friend, also named Stacie Mari(e). I've been up for 3 hrs cuz I thought they were talking to me.
Hopefully donate their time to help out! What do u think?RT : How will retiring babyboomers impact the nonprofits
Man, the rewards are totally why I have to reign myself in on kickstartering ALL the action figures.
bridge street benefit?
SmØrrebrØd-Ham Salad, Crab and Shrimp Salad, Mixed Greens with Toasted Rye, Pickled Beets, Cucumbers, Tomatoes, and Poached Egg
THANKS to my new followers! :)
Stupid little munchkin
lol Def a good pickup. I didn't think he would pick NC.St over y'all. Who starting 5 next year?
SPECIAL SCREENING SERIES at AIRC in Huntington Park, CA JUNE 12TH 2010 This screening series examines water and our relationship with it.
Oh wow, stay tuned for a big update on #RoseontheRoof!!
TM is the reason we will not be seeing The Black Keys this month. :/
Did you catch PSA on #FinnegansWake this morning, by any chance?
Would love to. I'll come find you after the speaker ^ab
i'm not sure what I did, but I successfully fixed my sink. Next up: My screen door that I head-butted.
i LOVE you
#stoked to work with the homie on some
Fashion helps with confidence, but it takes much more
You gotta be important to stunt on my level
anytime!! See ya at school birfday girl!!
The drama at my school is cray
almost time :)
At crybabies Finn get her name tatted on me ......maybe his to
I can't believe I was so close to not bein a true mb fan anymore but a JetSetter....but I wasn't gonna stop....just support less =/
just went to oyster bar with and had a kick ass oyster po boy
Holy crap! That's a good problem to have! 12-31-94
Thanks for the #FF !
we had a funny,and chocolate time *-*
that's what I said cuz tomorrow isn't promised to anyone so why the hell not go..Imma go and post lots of pictures
where u go again
Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on #GossipGirl. Repeat: Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on
Great job Jim Schultz on leading ISPI-FRC in the past year! Welcome Jara Raphaelson to the position of President of ISPI-FRC!
who's your favorite singer?
I don't think she really loves me like she says she does):.
haha hood rats starting to be Sophisticated now a days
Azerin need to step up she ain't on my level her life is truly fucked uhp
Book for the week: Sula by Toni Morrison
umm umm sugar cookie or flowery smelling... I think I'll get you an Angry Birds keychain :)
you got a grilled cheese sandwich
oh the irony
lol who don't I know?
Can't believe it's been 2 years since Michael Jackson died, the music industry will forever mourn him. A solid entertainer, RIP mr jackson
eBay it that's where I got mine
.RT I'm uncomfortable having so many followers, since I have no idea where I'm going.<--- there is no where to go
I diddn't know that having dimples is a birth defect lol
yes i do.
i was proud of my college today when i heard the jurassic park theme song playing in Uhall
YES! It was like amateur night.
Made it safely to La Crosse for the 2012 #MOSES Organic Farming Conference!
Worst thing about /UF story: The blatant, implicit deception. Writer knew there was no link, brought up athletics to shift blame.
Bonus: only 9 of the original cherry blossoms given to the US from Japan in 1912 remain & 2 of them are on the library's lawn!
I think that's a great idea! I'll have to suggest that to a client who wants to test site surveys.
New club in Somerville corners dance fun
What up Reverb? Hope yall have a lovely Xmas and a Happy New Year!!
"We don’t like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out" -Decca Recording Company on rejecting the Beatles, 1962
if u dont stop that lol its to early to be lame
"Frequent fliers" who use emergency services over and over for the same issue under discussion now
Rockin out to unlock your mind.
hey r u on twitter
Thnaks so much for coming out to support our Bucks tonight. Hope your son had fun!
Nice article on exchange students!
no more editing tonight! ;) Sleep cave soon tho! Gotta go to work tomorrow... Minions need me! lolz
Go to Chick-Fil-A. 5 cop cars. Someone has a gun. I JUST WANTED A MILKSHAKE!!
will kill streaks in fight til dawn get you anything like perks?#alan wake
Party at Perla's house 2nite:)
no...just.no
RT : Local philanthropists have enormous untapped power and influence in their communities to be a voice for
nope, not even a portion of the cost :-( But, if this helps my flat feet I guess it's worth it
HA. perfect. once again!
S/O to all my lifetime fitness goers
Everyone please hop off the T _ b _ w band wagon. Can't stand his antics.
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Gucci Mane North Pole #N/p
an u always can tell when somebody touch your shit
not per month!
Yeah, wearing a skimpy dress like that is just asking for... oh, wait.
": I love my background :) " background of what
bahaha, who's your friend?(:
Varian, , and I are all wearing purple sweaters and blue button-down shirts. Coincidence?
Good. I'm planning on Friday. :)
“: They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice." #SoloDolo #MeMyselfAndI” well be up there together!
Stinky cat! I'd leave the door open but your too stupid to leave..
Do you ever wonder who or what now decides U.S. presidential elections? I know it's numbers...
"Ah, pretty hot babe" In Austin's new single, #SaySomethin He's so adorable haha <3 XD
Skype anyone?? Text me?? Something?? Anything? Anything at all? I'm so bored.
and i work for Express! Don't you love awesome discounts cuz we work for awesome retail stores?! :D *high five*
Just burned out the Cuisinart's motor, which is a sure sign that I'm now going to starve.
:o yes yes i am. you are followed by zayn's favorite veggie
In the end, it's music.
Thank you Ian! A pleasure to meet you! I enjoyed yours as well.
all that jazz.
Pls RT: #Twitterstorians! Americanists! Welcome 's to twitter! Follow for seminars, fellowships, & news!
and Reagan raising taxes 15 times and look at the resulting prosperity
I have to agree with on this one. But throw in Ricky the dragon steamboat and Ric Flair and The Million Dollar Man.
no offense but girls defiantly don't mature faster than girls!..
I wish I was... No tickets though. You?
the guy is no longer on this tour. Sux...
Thank you. I've been sewing more lately... it's a great reminder of her. :)
i love ariana grande b/c shes pretty, nice, sweet, and always in a good mood
Wow! What beginning on the first night of Real elephants, real camels and most importantly real, tangible presence of God!
Phone interview for newspaper article about a movie I wrote, acted in and produced. . . CHECK! :)
ugh yes :/ I went the other day and I wanted everything even the guy clothes lmao :'c
"Pretty hot babe" OMG AUSTIN WHO KNEW SOMEONE COULD SAY THOSE WORDS IN SUCH A SEXY WAY.
uummm i dnt think it offends them bt u cn expect any female to take u serious wit ur stuff all out. Dats my opinion
Made it out of the house. Have my keys, phone, wallet, tap shoes and a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies. New York, here I come.
Working on sound system at church
I like the thrill....nothing else is gonna make me feel this real...
You. Said. Forever. What happened to that?
I hate my life. Seriously.
LOL silence is my favorite sound. :D
I'm watching the vow
follow me backk :))
Wishes the new website was live already... Getting closer and closer.
I'll be leaving soon... I hope. The offer is much appreciated though! :)
I just want to throw all of my clothes away and buy a whole new wardrobe... too bad I am a poor student :(
We are IN for Friday of Memorial Day weekend if you are. 5/25. There will be brisket and challah. Let us know!
Raw onions on my sandwich. Yum
“RT : Don't feel like going to school -.-”
Thank you! All we want is for you to love our tea! We hope you enjoy. 1 month w/o coffee shouldn't be a problem ;)
we shall be skyping soon.
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
I agree. It wouldn't be prudent at this juncture.
Denver #Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas on stand now in Perrish Cox trial.
Life Geos On
are you going? Looks pretty bad ass. :-)
Follow Back?
But yes, of course it would need an emormous uniformed EMR system and communication infrastructure. It would be revolutionary.
when are you done with job core?
A Fox News mole, digging in a hole. Digging up my soul. Now going down, excavation. (a collabo with and )
2 new shirts that YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE are now for sale at www.TuesdayTees.com --- Check them out (in your shopping cart)
lol NO I dedicate my love to your sister!!! LEINSA FOREVER <3
Baltimore Co. Council votes 4-3 to table Kamenetz administration bill on overtime/pensions. Unions opposed the legislation
At a quiencenera with my daughter
Ha! Yeah, no directions on that part of the pasty adventure!
In 32 hours I will be heading to Chicago for BPA Nationals! and #twitterless Lexi!
No prob - just let me know.
#DrunkTexting again are you?
that tape is going to have my spirits soo high this week! lol
": Someone come play with my hair."
China Helps S. Sudan Military
Lost mass followers! Ask me if I care ...
Yep me too, but I might just give up tonight.
OMG YOU GOTTA BE ON SEASON THREE! WE LOVE YOU.
Fate always has a different way of circling back around sometimes .....
idnt know if he being honest wit me , he be acting funny : /
W. S.Maughm once wrote a word, then looked it up in the OED to make sure it existed. It gave one citation---Maughm's own.
Giirl I LOVE Your Background.!<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Follow Me!
Many mothers lost sons during the war. It split asunder states, towns, and even families. Sometimes brother opposed brother.
What bet do you have to lose to get "Bad bitch" tattooed on you?
The farm at my school just got honey bees!!! Woohoo!!!
So thankful 4 Emerge JV & all that its been n the past. All the lives that were changed-WOW! But even more thankful 4 where God is takin us!
Making correct decisions doesn't = playing safe. Completely disagree.
ew Ashtin did you just fart?
I'm gonna finish my work &&' try getting an A up in this class ^_^
AP: Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs has died.
We had a blast too! RT : Fun day at media day. Great people and great organization. Time to get back to work in Indy.
Carey Mulligan is so amazing in Shame, as she is in everything. What an inspiration!
Working on a new template for the magazine. Trying to keep it light with plenty of white spaces for the massive amount of text.
Katten #white-collar co-chair Whitney Ellerman available to discuss possible #FCPA charges from News Corp. phone-hacking scandal
And no pork rinds!
tweeting live from my bed smh
I LOVE Y'ALL SO MUCCCCHHHH CAN Y'ALL SAY It BACK And can y'all please follow I give so much love for y'all
Yay! Now I only need to catch up on posting and uploading!
Your #smile is one of the first things that people notice about you! Are you happy with what you see in the mirror? www.kravitzdental.com
me too! Sounds fun! Hope you enjoyed :)
#kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Tue, May 15 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
house hunting today with WADDUP!
well rite now it hot ass hell at nitetime.
tickets purchased for delta spirit, Justin townes earle, and nada surf! let's rock and roll, y'all.
Fact #4: Im not 'ticklish'.
I was searching for prince charming but God gave me the Prince of Peace - Debra Roberts
we're at TC's Technology Demo Day in Horace Mann rm 234. Stop by and say hello!
thanks for your time today. Safe travels!
all the messages are missing from the feed on my PC but still showing on iPad.
My weekend was great but now tomorrow is a work day...
Next level thought: Joe Burden - an amalgamation of Joe Budden and Chris Burden
Kazakh men use national flag to collect trash - New York Daily News
Guys like you make girls like me look bad.
I like the "don't go to work" solution! More time to drink the wine.
it's the safe approach
I took the under in Vegas with the #Orioles. I hope I'm wrong.
I think I'm finally figuring twitter out... maybe.
If we don't repent as a nation. We are like Rome in its last days. Moral failure is part of the blame for the demise of that great city...
OMG my mom is a bitch
Just curious on how college athletes can afford all the tats they sport...must have great summer jobs.
hahaha , nice . That tattoo looks too real. When are you washing it off? Hahah , kinda freaky .
The new cover video, right? And is the other one the Sanctuary music video? I was wondering when that was going to be released.
I have to go to the store to buy yogurt & gatorade. Too bad my rarely active lazy gene decided to turn itself on.
haha my bad i wasnt totally with it when i read it. but I'd love to start coming, but it'll have to wait sis graduating tom
I can make you feel better in three little words: It was raining.
What are you doing today for #WorldArthritisDay? We hope visiting u r ; $10 of every massage/facial will be donated 2 AF!
should i be nervous...? RT ooh it's juicy! #industrygossip for the scoop tomorrow night
We have a 10 piece Paramount SP circuit in perfect condition for $13,000. Beautiful condition. Basically looks new.
understandable. i had to leave early because of that. you better be there thursday.
Autozone has the part for half the price, but won't install it. And Toyota West won't install it if we don't buy it from them.
Traped in the closet by rkelly never gets old lmaao
Saturday is vastly approaching people! Let's get ready to party!!!
That awk moment when the car parked next to me and just sits there and stares at me.....
Cool pics Dillon.
Do you love your library's collection development policy? Please share! Working on one for class.
We will continue this in the morning then! bye, my amazing ninja buddy,<3
Follow us? Thx:) -Ashley
thank God for Whoppi! I know we r not perfect. But com'on Joy think before u speak, millions of ppl. Watch u.
come on over!
Would love to participate too but driving baked goods!
I love white people tho !!!
Please remind me why Carlos Gomez starts and Nyjer Morgan does not?
Josh Hamilton's lone goal this season is to be healthy for the Texas Rangers Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton only has one g
yes make the connection. If ur ever in LA hit me up for one of my shows. Cheers!
Harris starting tonight.
so excited, i got an evo and it's lovely!
Thanks for the RT.
"I live in the present. I only remember the past, and anticipate the future." Henry David Thoreau
I hope the second half of the season picks it up a bit. I was starting to get bored!
Is it anyone that knows that this "break" shit dont work
Good morning ! :)
don't be talking shit bum. I'm just a critical thinker that's all
Changing Your Life forever at Dr. Fuhrman’s 2012 Health Getaway
Anyone know what time the senior showcase starts on wednesday?
Thank you!
hi Niall! I just posted a video on YouTube of me singing WMYB! Can you please watch it? My username is kiaralynn1D! Thanks(:
same here
But everytime I turn around you say your not checking for another playboy but everytime I come around you seem so ready for this :p
I can't be bothered that you unfollowed me, you have 60 followers and bad taste <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
In Florida! Hello Floridians, and of course my new home!
In the heat of a Sunday duel with as my guy #gaptooth Oosthuizen has a 1 shot lead on Dave's guy #fatso Pettersson.
# your really pissing me the fuck off i advise you to mind your fucking business if i where you!
When people tweet about what they're doing or what they're going to do every 5 seconds.. it's like.. bitch, I don't care if you have to pee!
The town
Nothing but what you doin
When I read tweets, I read them in Bob Marbourg's voice
Thanks entire STAND MC for the birthday card! It was full of funny anecdotes.
man it is getting hot outside but #BeastMode never sleeps #runningcures I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Someone needs to get me some mother fucking ranch Doritos. That's all I know.
you two are fiends! After that much coffee my hands would be shaking too much to type!!
well if you have a legal license for a medical reason its the same as having a pill prescribed to you
is about to say #yourfired to my hosting company 0_0
Lol just got instructions to do a 7 slide powerpoint and its do by friday...#Lets go
MEETING ONE DIRECTION ON SATURAY. NNHBGUEHGUEA
tweeting bitches
Someone give me a shoutout?<3 thanks(:
Clippers gonna whoop that ass tonight!! #lobcity ##carons backk!!
Apparently the house is too dirty for us to go anywhere,yet its been dirtier when people came over.ok.
I think its cool as fuck followed me
ill be down this weekend probably bro
¦ That lacks integrity. I don't believe that past interaction had nothing 2do with Councell staying around when playing awfully.
LOL oh god
Gen. Montgomery has sawed through the barricade only to find another unguarded barricade a few dozen yards away.
I love the cubs and was hoping trammell would have gotten that job when prunella left.
Follow back or #RT for
plus a back up can of dip. Win-win purchase.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
The NEW #ChildSupport portal allows families to access recent payments & payment information for the previous 2 years.
probably, I can't spell!
Good Luck! I hope you get it ; )
Pains of Being Pure at Heart-Come Saturday
#CoStar making more productive in #cre and twitter!“: First time using twitter from the iPad. I like it.”
From the amount of food served at Hogwarts, you'd think they'd have a school full of obese students,
yo bum! Are you performing with "all out boyz" soon?
“: Follow for #sportsbiz logic. #FF” thanks Bob!
I never knew "lowering the volume" was difficult to understand -__-
Vitale picked the Cats as well.
Nice! When are you hitting the road?
I texted him yesterday. No response.
On my way to see at
RT : 35K black millionaires in US. No. 1 store shopped at by black millionaires: SAMMS.
I'm thinking I need to make another trip to one of your shows.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck. -Og Mandino
Mark your calendar for the Friends of the Metuchen Library Annual Meeting Oct 18 7PM Guest Lecturer: Walter Stochel Jr 480 Middlesex
Galloway Marathon Training Kick Off for the Publix Georgia Marathon & other Spring Marathons. Phidippides - Ansley tomorrow 10/15 at 8am.
Attention baseball coaches - looking to make some extra money? PBI is hiring for sales positions today! Contact us for more information a…
Nice thing about Moai is that it's open source. We can fix whatever we need to in order to ship
Rain rain go away come back in 5 minutes after i get too work.
I hope the Mavericks jump haywood in the locker room lol
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow. We appreciate it. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff as well.
Oh yeah, from an actual coconut is okay, but anything in a market is just uncivilized.
the Music division actually made a profit it's the parent company that's bleeding money
Beautiful day, hope my weekend is just as nice.
Give yourself something to work toward - constantly. -Mary Kay Ash
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 254
They've had every odd man rush except what, one? #Yotes have definitely had 2-3 tries that went off stick.
F*** high school hello college
Babysitting my favorite little guy, in bed with a fever :( I hate seeing him sick ...
"so cause you changed your hair, you can't talk now?" hahah co workers are awesome
everyday you should tweet an add forclout advertisers. It'll crush the homeland terrorists at "Media Matters"
I am extremely bored
Hey Chris, keep me in the loop with the pieces you write. Interested. Thanks R
Thanks for the RT!
You evil </3 *runs crying and screams like a lil b*tch*... lol
this some bull shit
When a teacher points out your hickey <
nah, imma play the whole thing! ;)
Strawberry Freeze and a Fruit Cup
New music is on the horizon! #FF "If music be the food of love, play on" Shakespeare
You're welcome. Keep the good stuff coming!
Only time I've been here when there wasn't a huge line. Helps to start dinner at 4pm ;)
No matter how many compliments a person receives , each compliment will make them smile the same way
"We only live, only suspire, consumed by either fire or fire." - T.S. Eliot
Who'd tap Queen La Beefa?
so awkward lol
my friend called dibs on you :P
Finally broke down and bought a #Bunn - I heart coffee!
i'll try not to !
I always knew we were soulmates. This episode pulled my heart in all sorts of different directions.
Hahahahaha it all depends where I'm at man. A lot of dead areas out west here in the mountains.
Are you at the Center for Jewish History? Because a) I work there and b) I'll be there today!
So you were trying to make me LOLOL :) good job :P
HEALTH: Kick the sugar habit.
MISS YOU!! So HAPPY to see your HANDSOME MORNING SMILE this morning!! How are you, WELL I hope?x
Easy. RT : The #Astros might have hit the jackpot with former UConn Huskies OF George Springer, their first-round pick in 2011.
Just put in a big garlicky roast with some cut up root veggies. It'll be delicious at...aw...9:00 pm.
#FF for fun quotes of the day & watch her on #TVD for some damn fine acting. Her work with Water in the finale was inspired.
Running a weak ad on #ThePitch is... well, let's just say it happened.
Fallin for you :D
The primary cause of most recessions is Future Shock. If you or your business need help adapting to constant accelerating change, contact me
Twitter feed isn't full of music news -instead, it's news that tons of people found out "Shawn" name from Boy Meets World's real name. jeez.
Patiently waiting!
Thank you so much for following me! Please check out my Passions by K page on Facebook!! Please help me get more followers!
hey I'm on Google+ now, search yogi mccaw. Add me in your friends, acquaintances or music circles!
my feet still hurt from dancing in heels all night long
oh hey there ahalia. You finally found me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh my god. Are you going to start living with a boy??
RT 10 years ago today: Allen Iverson said the word "practice" at least 24 times in a single press conference.
Working on some stuff tonight! Get stoked.
Hey, can you DM?
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...bring yourself to lie because the truth may at times carries a harmful risk
You know what true love is, honestly? Putting the best interest of someone else before your own self interest. That's real love.
I am trying to make my own show need ideas on what to do?
I've been thinking about doing this instead of a TV. Let me know what you find out.
Its raining! No wait, pouring!! :)
lol lucky guy
I know I have another left, but I honestly don't want to leave high school.
just punkd myself. got excited, jumped up from couch, twisted ankle in coffee table, fell onto chair, then stepped on ottoman foot.
Attempt at starting the week Take
Purchased our tickets to Self Wokout In The Park f/ ...can't wait
Since when did #paulheyman became a trend on twitter?
Ready to be back in school. I wanna freakin graduate!
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Flowers are people too!
NO!!! No offense, but I kind of doubt there will be many viewers...
We are giving away a free #Lakers shirt tonight at
It's NFL weekend! Let's go
That's awkward we're sisters...
sounds like you could have given this talk!
Thanks for the plug!
Dont know why I was saying needs to help cross off #77...#ineedtodomyresearch. Ellen can attend Burning Man w/
A little bit of Texas!
yay! When are you gonna come by?
Restaurant I'm at has thousand dollar wines and is playing black eyed peas songs.
Ugh - why did I eat that bean/cheese burrito & taco. Feeling gross now
#11:11 I still stay up every night to make my wish
I see a guy pushing one around the M Streets on the way home everyday! I will buy it from him today.
These burgers making a nigga hungry as fawk!!!! I'm gonna fuck this pie up when I get home
RT : I enjoyed 's "The Spitfire Grill" last week. Great musical, great cast, great singers/actors wonderful set
that's what always happen lol
What a perfect day for a t-shirt sale
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen."~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wake up, boy.
Had a breakthrough on formulating responses to POSTs in my REST API using ZF and Doctrine 2. Complete hands-off automation #ftw!
After student vandalized Brighton H.S. see how local science business is looking to help. Mark Gruba has story tonight at 11!
What a kick in the ass. That one hurt. For all of you concerned for Reid's safety, he's fine. I'll be fine by morning, except the hangover.
is this true everywhere in the world?
I don't have a boyfriend and really am not in a rush for one all bastards well who I dated
do you think? OK, I will try that.
same to you! Always good to see you and your team! Luv what u have done so far! Can't wait to see it all come together!
Can anyone recommend an easy to set up social voting platform I can use for a video contest?
Thats amazing! Do you have pics? I'm interested in India, been there once. Any suggestion on where to start?
hmm... Try light:)
The politically #Lincorrect segment to start SNL was kind of funny...take that #FloydMayweather...,,.
thanks for the follow! We hope you can make it on sept 10th!
Showing my photoshop work to my boss about how much our candidate looks like Niles from Frasier. I am worth every penny.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. ~ Mark Twain
#MajorTurnOffWhen you ask me for my number before you even ask for name.
Got everything I wanted for Christmas: particle physics books and Breaking Bad DVD's. So this week off may or may not be very productive.
I remember watching the last US #presidential debate on a couch in a movie theater with a pitcher of beer.
Free iPad give away July 28!!! You must be present at every event with Mr.Rob at Luaral Park starting June 2 @ 6:30pm !! RT RT RT
Thanks for following Chase! Be sure to also check out for the latest in marketing, advertising, PR, and design.
RT : Wow! Google Presentations now have transitions!
#sourcefest expresses his appreciation for the DMV acronym to help define a community vibe.
It works for a minute but it never really lasts
I'll drink to that ;P<U+E047>
Big win tonight #Pens! Way to go!!
Youth minister at church, "are youth will watch your kids while you shop so come out and take advantage of our youth"
Back to waking up to Red Bull. Oh yeah!
how do i get my hand on a physical copy? it'd be my first mag cover feat
Hi Matthew. I represent Verizon Wireless, not Verizon Communications, which provides Internet service.
“ “ The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't...””
#STLCardinals opener in 7 hours @ Miami! Beating Josh Johnson in the opener will be a good way to start the season :)
also, did you see that whoever loses the series gets to claim last place in the division lol
Gee these old guys came to play. #GoGreen or
Can I askk you a qestion?
wants to thank everyone who came to TGT this week -- it was a great turn out! Mark your calendars for next month - August 3rd! See you then!
Excited to present the trio in NY after our Israel tour. We'll play at on September 6th at 8:30pm. Gonna be fun!
that I don't know. lol but i'm sure we can find something.
Nothing better than enjoying a live band playing acoustic Matt & Kim, Keane and Fastball over beers w/your little bro.
You should see the entire email. I would share more, but this is a family-friendly Twitter account. (g)
Fuck you, Matt Harrison
Cancer is bullshit. Long Live the
The UGA Alumni Association sent our Alum Association very nice tumblers to say thank you for a conference we hosted.
FOLLOW He's Funneeeeeeee
#TeamAires right here bitches :D!!!
I forget most things,only having regard for somethings,because of one thing,who loves evrything,and would give us up for nothing.
2 years ago today, I married my best friend.
follow me please or you can add me on skype....maybe not the skype but please follow me
Guy in Bathroom, you did not come in here just to wash your hands. Admit it!
That awkward moment when Santa has the same wrapping paper as your parents.
#Listening to Green Day "The Boulevard of Broken Dreams"! This is my #favorite song!
haha uh...I wouldn't say that I am, but I've been recognized a few times before
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury. ~ E. H. Chapin
Thanks Jeff, I look forward to your tweets!
Alright. Seesmic updated on my phone and now it doesn't work. Yay! LOL
Even though Seattle cools Wed, it will be normal near 57! But areas of rain will be around too.
I have no time in my schedule for unripe avocados.
#youknowyoughetto when you take ur big purse and ziplock bags to the buffet!
Next up at #nfais #erodingsubmodel yours trly "Balancing the Needs of Librarians, Publishers, Users"
Hi, I'm a crack head <U+E41E>
#ImAgInEIt omg its trending c:
It's FRIDAY! Let all of your friends know to follow us with a #FF! Help us out? :)
Hey Pastor Kee! Did u receive the U send It? Sent it to your email...
wanna iMessage? (; RT : Got my new iPhone 4s love it! (;
Hahahaha ! #BadGirlsClub reunion was crazy.. Can't wait to see part 2 next week ! ;D
If I didnt know what tf I was talking about I would shut up in this case I advise u to SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
wouldn't mind being wrapped up by you
:) thank you.
Wow, that looks really awesome!! Not a big fan of how the writer mocks danish music though ;)
Fun Fact: All the items in both Craft-O-Tron machines are only 5 dollars each. Shop local, shop handmade, shop Craft-O-Tron!
Floyd never goes that far but he tends to gay bash his opponents
I miss having lifetime fitness.
back at ya, wonder woman, have a great day!
Did you know that today is Holocaust Remembrance Day?
So many books, so little time.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Fogo De Chao - Steakhouse (live updates)
sitting @ home with the fam, too happy to see my uncle Charles Greg Gordon! This was def a good Chrismtas!
you mentioned the impact of gas prices last month. u were right its going to get worse and effect home sales
you can't sleep because you're thinking about me.lol JK!
To the 10 anti-abortion signs I've seen on I-75 in the last 20 min seriously? It's 2012 fuck off.
there are three types of people in this world those who make things happen those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened
Who can put me in touch with a local #Columbus photographer or somewhere that sells Columbus Cityscape Photography?
I still can't believe I was face to face with the boys,twice! And got to chase after their van.Omg take me back to the Dallas event.
is such a good little actress :)
And that reminds me, okay, so three English professors walk into a bar...
I am so bossy to oh well...
What?!? That seems utterly preposterous!
its with google and u create an app for android imheading back to school
yes yes yes!
*drops it…pauses…brings it back up s l o w*
Now Italian Chicken in the crock pot and laundry that needs to be folded. At least I am trying to be productive while little guy is down...
Lets go #Brewers! Lets go!
I knew I would see & this weekend! My dudes, keep grinding! Thx for reppin
i be all over my bread like sesame seeds
": ": I'm the bomb like sadam ":let me see if joe will approve that 1" u mean jim u know he hates it
letting it go...and washing my hands!
I feel like I could get a lot of satisfaction out of smashing something right now.
Rolling out lots of Tuina Bodywork this weekend! Working until 10pm on a Sunday. My elbows are taking over LA:)
Just going through my twitter account and getting rid of the spammers! Please all those that have downloaded our app please update app
TickTockTickTock. It's almost time for JanPros Virtual Scavenger Hunt! Like us on FB, be the first to answer our ?? and WIIN!
Just experienced this in Lake Tahoe. Eerie. MT January, but across much of the U.S., the ground is bare - no snow
yeah good ol child development <3 I just remembered we have class this Monday WOW vacation went by fast :(
Avengers just blew my mind.
Hugs Barbara! RT :
yes sir ;)
lmao to buzzed u are
I will be downloading your show this Friday, Thanks for the follow
Need help finding an Apartment in NYC? Contact me at
Full Music Rehearsal with the BAND!!! This is going to Rock!!! The CarnEvil is coming NEXT FRIDAY! Get you tickets now for opening weekend!
Unbelievable, one of my all time favs, Bernie Kosar is trending. Congrats
Honestly, when people talk with even an ounce of certainty about God, I want to run away.
So, have you read Ready Player One? Do. It is freaking awesome!!
you going?
Hello Friday...
Make her a special hat. One with lights.
These photographs are amazing! They are so rhythmic...almost look more like textiles than pigment/water.
u going to bathe sunday?
Thanks for checking in and welcome to the ! Let us know if we can do anything for you.
does anyone actually DO anything for #mardigras these days? or was that just something I celebrated in high school as an excuse to drink?
Makeup doesn't make you prettier. Money doesn't make you richer. Real wealth and real beauty depends on how you value yourself.
Saw Lion King 3D this evening, with my little brother Jacob. I ended up teaching him the message behind the movie..
If we could only have this life for one more day... Please marry me now
I got scared when I saw Vin Scully trending. I'd be forced to watch the game 6 Bases Loaded video on youtube.
YEA!! RT : off the couch and did my run...thank u for the lil umph! I needed it
Congrats! Hope it went well!
If your not offending anyone you aren't making good art
first tweet, thats me
"Once you became a Directioner, there's no turning back. Because being one is a promise."
After a very long search we have finally found a new drummer. So we would like to welcome Zeph Stevens to the band.
Smoking gun? (Noel) flew on unofficial visits this year to Kentucky and Louisville that were not paid for by the universities.
Run run with her top down! Baby I fly!
his eyebrows are sex
finally a lazy sunday. much needed.
Vince Lombardi Quote: “getting to the final (Super Bowl) is everything, and winning is icing on the cake.”
Goooaaaaal!! Haven't been back since....
nope sorry.
Endless love, cause I liked someone and I just let go, yet it hurts but hurts more if I keep him inside, and not see him happy!!
that's me, WB! But get in fast ... Times are a changing I'm afraid.
Before Sephora it was a Benetton. I had a good time exploring it back then. I used to pass it daily in my way to the gym.
I'm so impatient with my phone today. I just want to throw it across the room!
So David stern wants to control all trades now? You have to be kidding me
send me the link
Just saw The Big Meal at Studio Theatre. Actors fine but script dreadful
you are indeed right my friend, very very right
So who go bat the cabinet where cloud stands. (Incoherent Thursday)
Wisconsin quarterback presents new challenges for Penn State Penn State has seen some quarterbacks this season who dented its defense wit
Are you in Private Real Estate? Send me a message..! I can help..!
Very cool, but bummed the cbc link was broken. Srching on cbc yielded nothing. Mary played it a couple of years ago at Taylor.
“: okay... No fighting over Mr. Popular people!” haha thanks for keeping me in check, Tracy!!
Modern Family and Happy Endings were hilarious tonight! We didn't stop laughing. Can't wait for next week.
Spitta Told Me Bitches Come Around A Dime A Dozen,But We From A Spot Where Pretty Women Act Ugly,So Fuck It-
(sorry about the re-tweet. i'm kind of bummed my #training has been derailed all week b/c of my cough)
The taste of your kiss never gets old.<3
Humor hotel: It&#39;s only the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but . . .
"Oh baby, I cheated on you? Well maybe if you put out sooner, I wouldn't have" so damn disrespectful.
what type of booklet?
Gotta love new software... Reason and Record.... Gonna have some fun!
Nigga can't be serious trying to karry the team...
Why is that?
Congrats Emily Fagan of , named Outstanding New Member at the Awards!
Finally, a sunny day! Almost forgot what our sun looked like,
Happy Birthday Sir. Hope all is well bro. Keep up the great work. #Loot&Dollaz
#ff one of my favorite gospel artists, a great pastor, and a cool dude!
one direction! :)
If someone keeps telling you that you're trying to control them, the reality is they are probably trying to control.
isn't communion tomorrow?
fasho bro that sounds like a good plan, I might be coming out there to visit soon too
There's a Rails meetup regularly on some Wednesdays here at OneUp, which is good for people of all levels.
ok I appreciate it :)
NPR pays attention to them.
Lol my lungs. Will have LOTS of time to bump in there, let's queue up soon seriously send me a link lmao I'm bad at taking action
My mouth hurts so bad I dnt wanna eat :(
So the interview with WILL BE STREAMED LIVE!!!!!!! Spread the word
Layin on day floor countin money eating ah honey bun.
#oomf is super jealous right now
If I buy my phone (Evo 3d) from Radio Shack do I still have a 30 day return guaranty?
just be careful missy
porter, I love your music, guess who will be keeping my ears busy wile Im flying to Florida tonight? :D
the printer would break... this isnt inconvient.
Smoke session.
If you blame Joel Ward or direct racist comments towards him, just switch to a different team now.
Did we mention we have a great partner ecosystem? Visit them on the #CompCloud floor cc/
"Metta" means "unconditional loving-kindness" & "Peace" is defined "lack of violent conflict" Ron Artest blew that all to shit
So pissed right now..
Just handed a pair of #Nuggets tickets for tonight's game. Tune in for your chance to win them on
I don't think Hannah's beating Sammy anytime soon so Debbie once again you can leave
Seriously don't cut the feeds when Rachel is finally talking about possibly being preggers!!
Check out my ice im so icey
Figment is indeed headed back to Governors Island this year. The terrorist trials are merely a participatory art installation.
we have been lucky with many draft picks (Rodgers, Raji, etc) that they can learn quickly but the d needs help on the line
My sales school is bumpin' Run DMC.
Politicians have never been very intelligent and one should not expect too much from them.
I just said that man lol
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Hello everyone I am new to twitter and looking forward to meeting so many new people. I'm hoping to network and meet other moms and parents
Took responsibility and gave myself a bedtime .
RT : Inspired by CDC Weight of the Nation #WON12 to talk about ways #afterschoolworks to reduce Obesity at
what time of yoga r u doing?
Just because you cross your legs , doesn't make you classy .
Shout out if you're going back to the 1st day of school!
I looked it up on youtube....and well I hope I survive. LOL. I'll just set it on easy. (Hopefully there's an easy) haha.
I gotta find a job and make this cash
Very cool! We're semi-private, not corporate. We keep it simple. Eat, drink, and be merry... over football. cc
Both Wisconsin teams get knocked out on the same day? #suprised?
I need someone to love me I'm a cool laid back homie lookn for love ya digg. Some give a nigga a chance. Yea I go both ways what's it to u
I looked at the schedule yesterday. She gave me all the days off except for saturday -___-
thanks!! Fun times for sure...So I'll be in your neck of the woods this week! NorCal bound!!
This is why I don't like seeing the doctor
and how he did the right things and how HE did this and that.Get over yourself.u think he isn't more arrogant than woods?
Nobody is going to punish Barack Obama for "flip-flopping" on this issue. Most people assumed he was in favor of #SSM anyway.
« Listening to Pandora >>>>>
it was manly though now its gay
Bali is on National Geography :D waww
Not tryna have a game 7
For those of you who have not yet heard, the 2011 UK Tour has been cancelled due to reasons out of our control.
Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?
not particularly... sneaky! =P
why am I up
lol it's all good this weekend for sure!
hey johnny clams wheres the calamar
Those 24 hr days. They're kind of refreshing
Cited in my final grad school paper on Title IX. Spell check tried to change her last name to 'Foodie'. Mistake? I think not!
USA USA USA!!! Let's Go!
no never saw that one
This month will honor President General, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the #ANC from 1927 - 1930.
ART TIME PUNKS by now at VIOLET & CLAIRE in Shibuya, Tokyo! Many thanks to Sumire and
sigh shoot. New avi
completed her food and exercise diary for 07/20/2011 and was under her calorie goal
TONIGHT Locals, , , , , and Angst Fallen in The Club! Get on it! Support #ROC music
preach it sistaa<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Canada was at the end of June. Martha's Vineyard is a little island off the coast of Massachusetts.
Though bacon induced exhaustion seems like a stupid reason to wreck a car at 4am...
I need a pack of stogessss!
omg u must be really needing sum loving right now #uneedhelp lmao
Old school at fashion 40......my era
Did You Know: NFL Players are often the targets of unscrupulous investment advisors looking to capitalize on their wealth off the field.
party animal
Rom 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who walk not according to the flesh but according to...
I feel like I haven't been drunk in so long .....thank god that feeling will be gone by tonight!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. :D
finally got resolved, but with T-Mobile I never spent 45mins on hold.
fantastic this osng YOU ARE FANTASTIC <3
I'm feelin good right now. What's new?
Fourth time in a row I take my grandma out to lunch and we order the exact same thing.
904 people like Inside The Target Car on facebook! DUVAL REPRESENT!
#dalailama Ucsd students cracking down on ppl who tried to sell tickets online for $300
Kames is the sexiest. Deal with it :)
Hard to fathom that even Rush Limbaugh has a mother.
Access to capital -- attend the Where's the Money? Workshop April 16 at the Hazard Doubletree. See .
Thanks for the follow guys. Just stopped by your website, love the artworks and the sound. Peace and Love Your Way.
This + Supermoon=#nodriving today! RT Hope everyone has a fun Cinco de Derby day!
You slept on set, and you watched me do your job when I'm in another dept. Now you're bragging about your work on it?
when is your birthday?
I think that name is very fitting!
#Blackhawks need to get guys in front of Smith no one is ever there.
After listening I restate, "so what you are saying is...." to confirm i understand, reaffirm i am paying attention, fabulous results
good cuz I need some new shoes...
Yup. I still have to bust open the cantaloupe. I got one of each :)
Did you know we cater? Did you know our catering is awesome? Did you know our catering is more awesome than any other? ... Now you do.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-48
i saw that you downloaded digress.it on your site and it had some errors. the new version addresses those issues. enjoy!
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" thanks bella
lucky u!! My boyfriend is sleeping next to me so don't wanna turn the tv on and wake him up lol <U+E51C><U+E113>
good question! Regular small bites keep your digestion and metabolism going stronger. Wonder about the schedule tho...
I only get to go when it's local. But my school district sent me for all 3 days!! I feel so lucky. I love talking books...
yes intervention! Lol!
Big S/O 2 & 4 openly sharing their views on SSM; Regardless of who is wrong or right we opened doors last night
But remember, PIZZA FRIDAY's during the season is what David runs and patrols
I love tht movie.
Wrongo. Not happening kiddo
Thank you! You are an amazing human being.
you sent me was
Happy to say that Kaylee has won our Book of Mormon Challenge. She has done it in 3 1/2 weeks. So proud of her.
thanks Susan!
haha more like the thoroughbred of kickass
ditto. My canuck friend says soda.
Real question is what if u have kids at the middle school and/or grade school?! Most parents don't drive each one seperately
that's right, I am SO old school... Sadly I am frequently mistaken for - glad you liked the link
why you do dude like that? lol
Sadly no. But I need to start playing it.
haha...you wish!
RT : “: Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8”
excuse me missy who is this man you keep tweeting? O.o
listening to the upstairs neighbor scream profanity at her cat.
I guess I was thinking more of a visualization exercise with a before state photo...
good morning Tyler <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> hope you have a good day (: love u
Yes Sir! Go Clippers! ": Team breakfast......#AllIN"
When your mind is a little off, everyone seems like a republican .
just search bartab in the app store and it is free to download!
RT : Casey Anthony not guilty on any murder charges. #justice?
I take it back, slander was the spoken word, libel is the written word
you are a hustler betch. #whodoyouthinkyouare ?
glad to be back in contact with you hope you have a great day
It's the adult binkie.
Southern Comfort Burger with a Speakeasy Big Daddy IPA, rocking the red - #GoCaps!
It's amazing how athletic QB's are becoming too. Top 3 QB's can all run under 4.6 40's. NFL is constantly evolving.
You tell me when I'm being an arrogant bitch and I tell you when you're being a pain in the ass, which you are 99.9% of the time.
If you can't win an argument, correct their grammar
Racial profiling is prohibited in the Constitution so we can all go home!
me too. love that commerical.
America is economically back on track, but you can still buy apartments in South Florida for as low as $ 40.000
don't. Worry tebow caused the raiders 2 lose!
The Sun reminds me of Pain!
LOVE from California to Egypt!!!
thank you Mel!
Fox will stream a "Favre-cam" online that will be isolated on him at all times! <--- Hopefully online and not on TV!
about to to spike this coke.
I can't get over that movie, I need to go see it again.
Now ol' KG's my buddy, we go way back, to the times back in high school, when I was too poor for Jack.
i want a guy that can sing. #SoHot *COUGH*
It's called the first amendment & you have a right to it, keep tweetin' bro!
oh here it comes like a natural disaster, oh blowin up like a ghetto blaster. Clap ur hands if think ur in the right place
People are actually saying this?
Technology should enhance life, not consume it
you're adorable :)
lol. That was real DC of you. cthu
I LIKE TO BELIEVE MOST SUBJECT IN UNITED KINGDON DO NOT HOLD IT AGAINST WILL AND KATE THAT HEY WANTED A BEAUTIFUL WEDDING.
follow my beautiful bestfriend :) she'll follow back
post it on youtube and send me the link...
Do you have any front-end CMS like tools for managing CRUD transactions?
My 1st grader chose to be Annie (of Magic Tree House fame) for book character day & is excited to discover she likes wearing jeans.
I'm not
thanks! Just sent email via message center. U rock.
Look for Imam Feisal in the Thanksgiving Edition of NY Times Magazine!
Lmao , She a Hoe I Swear !
I don't know how but I'm coming back tonight.
I'm a little worried that my daughter is refering to me as "that career tribute from district 1" - I guess she's ready for
Im in a RAWR kind of mood today haha XD
Yo text D to 38657.... So Derrick Williams can bring home the dunk champ trophy
We should consider going to Friday...even for a bit?
There's nothing more satisfying than an 8 year-old on a razor scooter, eating it. Maybe pancakes.
“: Things I cant say on Facebook. #hbs1db : Happy Birthday, Suck One Douche Bag”--thanks I feel the love!!
I smell pizza on this bus stop, or maybe I'm just hungry...
The further in you go, the bigger it gets. (Little, Big)
RT : So exciting to see and 's vision for come to life!
Bgc didnt come on this week?
MPD looking for 24 YO Edgar Ivan Salinas of Mad, shot another who has life threatening injuries, 2k6 blue Uplander 69157D
great idea, cause its a tune worth saving “: "Gonna eat waffles" sung to tune of "I'm a girl-watcher" a vast lyrical improvement.”
this game is already starting off much better than the last one.... perhaps the excessive OKC chants are actually fueling the anger of mavs
Duke, impatient offense bounce Maryland from ACC lacrosse tournament
Happy 4th birthday to my wonderful beautiful nieces Niyonna and Neveha!!!!! Auntie loves you both!!!
Down for the beach right now!!!
im gay
Did you go to the Dr yet? If not, get off and go.
If you like One Direction, go follow this Directionier !!(:
Sunday funday is mine. Can't stand.
Loved it, thanks for posting. I was be-boppin' around my house it to it this morning.
Thanks for the RT!
Um, yeah, I&#39;ll have to get back to you on that one.
Famous or not, I wish my kind & loving words were acknowledged too. Sighs.
Beat the Clock: Tempur-pedic pricing is going up October 18th! Buy yours now from one of our 34 locations!
Sending Everyone warm Holiday Wishes to you and yours!!
I gotta get paid #imabusiness,man
I just don't see any way that happens. If they didn't want these years in 2010, they certainly don't now.
I can't find my phone l0l ; I'm using my new one now but its not activated yet -____-
RT - In the wake of Saturday night's 34-10 win by Detroit over New England, I'm left wondering if the window is closi...
Put on your belts ladies and gentlemen. Its gameday.
I feel bad taking your money bro.
3:30 exhaustion period. Must. Stay. Focused.
Wisconsin's largest statewide teachers union endorses Democrat Kathleen Falk in governor's recall election
Weird Ass dreams
So excited for my burlesque dancing class tonight!!
yaa im already done with it u want me to send you mine?
if quitting
What's going on in Charlotte this weekend? I've been ready for the weekend since Monday!
I hate when people do that. Or when they poke/keep friending after you've obviously ignored them.
SO true!
summer fruit has thin skin her soul born in the winter blizzards made her thicker richer flicker swifter
pentkhausa into the lease into Benalmadena from PW with the pond In order to be connected with this sponsor if you pleas :-)
thanks for the gift card! service guys came back 3rd time, all seems good now, fingers r crossed.
Sixers have to do shoot better from the FT line
Yes. also hard to get on the ballot.
Holy shit! When did get here?! Hey bro!
no problem! Let me know if you have any more movie recs... once you started the standing ovation I knew I could trust you
Just got new job at Illinois Eye Bank So Happy!
“: In the studio with Listening to his new stuff and it's blowing my mind!” luckyy!! #BELIEVE plz follow me<U+E404><U+E327><U+E404>
when are u going??
Oh, how I'd love to see your face when you next see me.
I wanted to go so bad!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat smokes cigarettes. I can't stand the smell.
from last night's #dareproject discussions: "If I'd known you would LEAVE, I wouldn't have let you out of the CAGE."
Going to Creighton Mens Soccer Banquet 2night @ Mattress Factory @ 6pm? I'll have 2012 Scarves / Button packs with. You can Join-Renew then!
She wishing gay on people, lol
Thanks For All The Help! :)
My mom said, "Should I keep the Kindle Fire I bought you for xmas and get you an iPad instead?" , what should I do? :)
Oh hahaha. Yea we were having a good time with that last night haha.
What the hell.
#wiunion #recall Any news on gov threats to state teachers b4 this week's convention?
I've finalized grades in 2 classes. 5 to go!
thank you! Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion. For ourselves and especially for others. Rock on!
ok good<U+E056>
Yeah it's one of those days where you start to miss what used to be <3
Just wishing you a most wonderful Monday!! :)
Pitifully put. Especially since its just one of so many lies republicans tell everyday. You parents must be so proud. NOT!
Margaret MeadShared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow
it's just that hard because I'm not there to help you out :)
shut up
This is a little late but i hope everyone is watching the VMA's there Totally #GRANDNESS!!! ~Alexis Kay Fusco
oh. Bahaha good one!!
Pacers all the sudden are forcing up shots
: I'm new to the startup scene in DC and just starting my business Would love to pick your brain on Sat.
Who is to say what's right if two people regardless of sexual orientation want to get married? How is it hurting anyone?
But I will keep pushing them to other places.
i want a huge cutout of all the 1D boys. :D x
watching a movie & had no idea i'd get a little emotional. good thing no one's a witness :)
Work eight hours and sleep eight hours and make sure that they are not the same hours. -T. Boone Pickens
OH in NY: "Nobody talks about LA in Europe."
My little pwney.
We had a great time meeting so many new couples today ...Never hurts spending a little time with too! Thanks for the coffee!
walking out now.
Why is it that I get good ideas for programming projects whenever I really should be studying for exams?
Up early, gonna pay my respects to my friend R.I.P. Chris I miss you bro
Me and my sis thinking about having our party at
Cant wait for them to go on sale
not that anyone cares... (; lolol
LOL, that's awesome. The scratched-record bit at the end is great.
Snowy Kentucky and smiling
Tubby to Tulsa??? ..... As a Badger fan I hope not!
You see how it works? The scoundrels won't stand too much of that crappy humor. NNLOL!
Home again with sick child. Will the madness ever end?
If you believe SEO is driving the social mobile shift, you know less about the technology marketplace than you think.
Temporary assistance for needy families (TANF) benefits may be affected. Please check with your state.
Working on my final Comp I PowerPoint: "Online Writing" looks better than "Writing Online" because the the W overlaps better coming second.
Please consider getting Feel Good Foods (they make gluten free dumplings and now egg rolls) and I would love to have some!
I'm so freeking mad.
RT: Come #Party w/Us at #Bodi This #Thursday | Its Gonna Be #Crazy We #PoppinBottles All Night! $2 Drinks & FREE FOOD!
S/O to my new followers ! much love :)
Great to see you in the twitterverse - can't wait for this weekend!
Join us tonight in wishing Assistant GM Melissa Wilson farewell on her last night at Sutra Lounge!
The Dalys just keep expanding! Congratulations on engaging and !
Hey - why can't I buy a new phone online unless eligible for an upgrade? Want to shop for xmas & can't buy new phones @ full price
RT : Have u entered 2 win $250 CASH 4 Mother's Day? Y'all this ain't no gimmick - I'm a part of it too!...
I really need yu in my life cus things aint right
Eyebrow lightening kinda freaks me out. Also eyebrow lightning, probably.
Foo Fighters with Mickey Mouse, no wait......it's dubstep grunge!
ok then
I need more time..
Clearly the officials have suffered from lockout/short schedule, too. It's like someone out there doesn't want #Bulls to win.
that was not an earthquake. That was lou marson doing a pushup
Breakfast sandwiches were meant to be eaten with beer. Trust me on this one.
this looks sweet...
so is our economy
currently my situation, so procrastinating. “: What do you do, when you're supposed to do something you don't really want to do?”
Thanks for Following us....we open on August 4th! Almost there! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
“: wishing it was Friday 5pm” agree!
Mrs. Storrs scrap book projects <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Writing is so hot at times like that. Just like in the movies.
Pffwah. Why should I put down the paper?
2 hours to go time at club 1808 on e. 12th. Come on out, victory and associates and Trophy Wives are great.
Goodbye life...and hello hopefully working as much as possible..anyone know of anything hit me up. Willing to learn anything!!!
Thanks, Koji! You should come to Lismore! I'll post the conference itinerary once it's finalized.
In Saudi Arabia, a woman can divorce her husband if he doesn’t give her coffee!
Haha Yeah!! He Only Has Like 4 Friends! XD
Otto was big in that win. Not alot of points but he was everywhere
Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful. - Kathleen Winsor
Im not to fond of him lol
why? he never told me anything.
Up thinking about life and how crazy this world is !
I just got the crown for dumbest blooper ever, beating out saying wrong city at a show..Tweeting phone number!. #Don't.DM.on.an.iphone..;)
you may only just hear about him b/c wanted to announce it for certain reasons. i can promise more is happening
yayyy!!! im dying to get out and hangout i cant take it!! haha <U+E404>
Well it was good working with ya then, enjoy jail! ha ha
got a #studio session tomar so im on motivation now
billy cundiff equals choke
thanks love! Xx
we will break all ur nails for bball Monday. Lol
I hate pooting in my bed I usually jump out lol
I skip mine according to who it is lol. I always read yours :3
yeah! Just DM and I'll kick off the email today. :)
I can tell when something wrong, but I'm sure it's nothing I wanna know anyways. Just thought I'd show my concern. But hey, LG 4 me! :-)
apparently there will be a special provision for the Holocaust.
Starting to think I'm done..
All sari-fied, ready to present in a bit over an hour...#kohacon11 day two is just about to get started.
when it gets warmer!
I'm Joshua Imel and I approve this message.
Yeaa! Almost threw up on me -_____- ": So I saw a baby being born today. I couldn't hang."
lol @ how your playing her xD
Daniela Zagnolli Jewelry Collection is featured on EveryThingSheWants.net!!! Use code spring2011 to get 20% off at www.DanielaZagnolli.com
We'll be posting events, jobs, museum info, interesting articles, and resources for CLE-EMPs. Something you'd like to see? Let us know!
Happy birthday much love!!!!!!
I could tell you 30 times how to PIMP you a hoe and I could tell you 30 times and you still wouldnt know~
Wow, This is hot. All men's erotic books are now 30% OFF! Making it an even Hotter January!
Awww, thanks. I miss you all too. Congrats on the new Waukesha office! Don and Michelle are excellent people.
well i told panda and junk... just so they know why i died
pastina with an egg. Growing up I wouldn't eat eggs but my grandmother snuck them in the soup.
lmfao idunno that shit just popped in my head and was funny so i typed it... forgive me lmfao
my theremin love is second only to my pedal steel love.
Who cares if Jessica is going t b there RT : what would #yallchat be about? Sounds fun :)
Just walked through occupy Portland... On my way to the Blue Man Group.
The grant awarded to the library will fund archiving social media from Mid East for research. How will they do it? cc
When you're doing the work that you were meant to do, it feels right & everyday is a bonus regardless of what you're getting paid. -Oprah
Iwpec Web Directory » Blog Archive » Kitchen Contractors Valencia ...
that's a tough one Kat. I really couldn't say. Suppose it depends on the individual.
Not sure how many "Craft's a pro" jokesters are still out there but the dude shoots a lower % from the FT line than acceptable from a center
as an MU grad very dissapointed you didn't drink the Green and Gold Tea back a winner Go Pack Go! Still a D Wade fan!
Thank you Eshani!
Who gives a fuck ?
Girls just want to have fun is one of the best songs EVER. You already knew that.
Also, they shoulda called SD32 by now. Republicans win when there's no path to Dem victory, Democrats win when the votes are counted.
don't say my government online -________- lol
you ain't lie'n I want a world series something serious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Knicks hopefully over Nets tonite. Find a POINT GUARD!!
thanks back! I love the 1920s . . .
Omg I only have 14 days of my junior year left, it's so bitter sweet.
LaPorta can't play everyday becasue of injury or ability?
loves her new baby alphas! ADPi Z'11!
That moment when you feel like the family nerd.
If you have to include two tables with your abstract, you need to write a better abstract.
Someone is TWO hours late for her photo shoot with me. What's a nice cruel punishment for her?
Watching Steve Case @ Payments '09
Today's topic is "EUROPE"! And the rumors of 's podcast death have been greatly exaggerated! RT Topic?Jamie really quit?
I respect a whole lot more after hearing the new album such a great artist and raw talent
I,m just saying with Lee,Wells,Flynn gone.Wont one Draft be a bit many holes to fill once cuts made.
Season premiere of Next Food Network Star, and you're starting off with Restaurant Wars?
Your minds in a dream world.
I just watched #GLEE and you KILLED it. The best entrance I've seen on TV in years. Congrats! Can't wait to see more.
Luckily, I'll only have to work both for 3 days of the week. But damnit, those 3 days are gonna be hell.
Life and death lies in the power of your own tongue
Kids are weirder than they used to be... Boy just walked down my street saying meows the whole way home
How are you doing?!? :) I love that you are on twitter now.
SF's Dolores Park: The only public place you can buy a vegan friendly saffron-topped weed cookie from a real tranny and drink a 40 in peace.
I wish she would follow me
You have no idea. This is the worst it's been for the Twins since the mid 90s. Football season can't come soon enough.
QUESTION #TEAMRICHDIRTT ...WHAT TYPE OF SONG U WANNA HEAR NEXT ..CLUB ...STREET...GIRL JOINT ...THOUGHTFUL ..OR JUST STR8 BARS !! ??
creating heart pounding music!
love u 2 babe (:
Four steps to sustain the U.S. government's IT strategy in the post-Kundra era: Big enterprises, with their deep... bit.ly/muixoQ
Of course everybody waits to the last minute to buy a gift! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I can relate. We have gotten dirty looks when non wheelchair users had to move to make room for our son-has cp and uses a wheelchair.
Had a great time hanging out with fellow Spectrum Scholars last night. Now to get ready for first 8am session.
Saga tonight!!!!!
Flipin white so my family can stay tight,savages and fiends come out at night
Critical Sun band crawl is tomorrow. 3 venues, so many great artist. Yours truly included
Committed fully to a Chris Cornell impression. Now my throat hurts. HTF does he do it?
Saved by the bell marathon...awwwyeaaaa:)
In driving distance to NEWNAN, #GA ?? author of THE SHOPPE OF SPELLS at Barnes & Noble, Ashley Park **Thursday 6p-8p
Mrnin world have a blessed day today and give.all the glory to God accopmlish sumthin today stay positive
I feel like I should have gotten to know werpy a little better...
Jk behind the bar right now and we have happy hour food that includes a $2.95 hamburger...get a burger and beer for under $3.50!!!
want to meet a cool person talk to
i hate doing partner work in school because i end up doing it all.
Woke up this morning & I was a mother of 4 from 5yrs old to 7months love these kids breakfast , shower now everyones playing
cuz I have a J O B
Come in to McDonald's and get a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee! Now until Nov 20 ^Eugene, PDX area only
Cave tonight. Let's get it done
Illinois should follow PA and allow punitive damages in wrongful death cases. This is necessary for justice in nursing neglect cases....
give us a call on Monday & we can get a certificate made for you! 513-421-7825
Well damn don't answer me I really didn't wanna know but thought i'd asked hmm...
It is with great pride, we announce has been accepted as a member of the International Model & Talent Association (IMTA)!
tweeters.i have been so busy the last two weeks...she works hard for her money...its crazy busy but very good for the soul...luv ya tweets
#AxelHappy :) Good One
Make sure you add "mobile" to EDUCAUSE Bingo
Holding out for big news with ALAN!
Whoohoo! I won!
I personally don't trust them. I like it. Also does this mean that maybe Bell created them or obviously knows their weaknesses 2/2
that is sweet!
God works in mysterious ways. :)
lol I can't retweet you though... Saw the lakers got the L last night
Voting for Hard Rock Callings starts April 1st
#FF : New followers! thanks much!!
Congrats to ! The Bengals are a lucky team. Great
we both have add huh
:) Thxs for making my day!
All food-on-a-stick consumed during the month of April are calorie free. 'Cause I said so. ¡Viva Fiesta!
you might have a better sense of tone/harmony
#ASTD 2011. Critical skills in ldrship, listening to our people - Ken Blanchard
Wheels down in Raleigh!! See you in a few!
thanks triple J lol
14 deals to get you started, with plenty more to go. . . www.poggled.com/milwaukee . . . check us out for #drinkspecials to get you poggled
Zimmerman atty offers medical records re: broken nose
plz get wealthy and big biz to donate #HOUSING solution thanks!
Just drove past my daughter school seen her playing outside with her friends she was having so much fun
happy mother's day mama<3 we love you (:
DC City Council voted to increase funding for local arts to an amazing $11 million today - and will put DC artists on the map.
it Jessica Chance on fb
You betcha. See ya soon. I owe you a beer.
Fans of #HipHipPOV over here!
O this is too deep for me right now....
Mrs. Doubtfire is on, everyone shh!
Austin Mahone & Alex Constancio big buddy that inspired me ;) <3
Congratulations Carlos Guzman! 2012 recipient of 's Craig McMullin Distinguished Service Award!
How was you run? I has such a fun time! And def next year for me at the Rock n Roll half :)
Hey Kim I was reading your article on Haiti, glad you enjoyed yourself!! :-) but jw when did you go?
to all my philly tristate peeps check out wurd 900 am my fav show is Reggie Bryant in pursuit of truth 1:00pm monday-thursday
Happy Mother's Day to you, Cindy!
Awkward time in Sunday school already... :-/
Alaska is in my grocery store. Seems like anomaly next to Hillary Duff and Gossip Girls, but Nerdfighters need milk too.
going to film be back!!
I think you're confused. In every state where the people have spoken, gay marriage gets defeated. Unelected judges pass it.
Katrina Veerkamp. Oh how I love that woman
night people<3
Awesome, just 1 hour away :-) ...may I ask why the move?
#just sayin Like I always say u got something to say shit we grown shit say the name who u talking about .
Guess that was a bad joke :/ OOPS
just got off work alittle while ago, gettin' ready to party for my 26th birthday; tonight we at Barracuda, HOLLA!!!
not at all...you just send snippets...it is enough for folks to determine if they have a desire to know more.
I was wondering if you have ever used the maybelline dream bouncy blushes? I'm really interested in buying them. :]
#jets! USC will just use and Joe's super bowl ring as our bowl alternative
Super Bowl Desserts There's nothing like a Super Bowl party for munching on good snack foods. But after the chicken wings are gone, the c
Ah Omg omg omg victoria justice was filming at my aunts gas station but i had to go to the mall -.-
A Streetcar Named Desire the revival back on Broadway...feeling nothing but excitement
I'm sure that makes Liverpool feel great thanks WB
Congrats on season 2! Usually 1st year shows I love get axed, so way to survive the curse.
lady gaga fans are the most annoying people on this planet
Barney hits solo HR. #brewers #Cubs ties 1-1
We're even more excited to have you there!
i was making fun of people who screenshot their alarms lol
I'll check and circle back
It was great!! Made it my mission to spoil my mum!
PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - April 30
when your stressed you eat ice cream , candy , cake , & cookies. why ? because stressed backwards is desserts. (:
nervously #BBN waits 4your decision because#BBN loves u be apart of something special at UK b4 u dominate the NBA Kentucky
Any idea how late the ticket office is open today?
haha. Well yeah(:
You're welcome Keep up the great work w the kids. Best of luck w fight #2. And thanks again for the story idea.
getting hit in the ribs at practice ...
I wish I could Amazon Prime myself some whiskey.
Sit , sit. Good dog.
#recordstoreday Celebrate physical music by visiting your city's record store the
Another day of excellent #E3onG4 coverage. Is it bad that I took the day off work today to see Nintendo's conference?
you and layzee in the 64 shaking down locals for cigarettes?!
True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled
Some of yal givin into sin as if you owe the Devil something!! Like you FORGOT your debt was PAID IN FULL!!
I feel like lately I live at the ATL airport. This was confirmed for me today when the lady at Starbucks in terminal D knew my name...
Nancy Thank you so much for the reference from another participant xox
Love is one long sweet dream, and marriage is the alarm clock.
*sigh* There are women hikers too! Me, for example..
haha alright! See you soon<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Enjoying final 4 but want MLB to start
Who would like a coupon update? ME. "RETURNOFCOUPON" $10 off for the first to buy
Why are men like laxatives? They irritate the shit out of you.
These bitches at my school didn't even know about one direction till last week and all of a sudden they are big fans now..lol no fuck you.
alright guys now im leaving oh yea follow me i follow back anyways
Canada will for sure. Image distributes there.
The more belly fat you have, usually the higher your risk of heart disease.
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy - the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation... - Eric Hoffer
We need so motivation
I didn't see that you called until late last night, I wondered if y'all ever come out this way?
It's george! Haha c:
Holding auditions on September 24th from 10am-2:30pm at The Father Ryan Arts Center. For a time please email
girl you just want me for my slow jams
"out drink a leprechaun"
I'm going to to be really mad at myself later for wasting work time in class and putting my paper off
Every bitch or nigga gone show they hand in due time
i just drank my fruit cup. like... sans spork.
Why is it when I build a bond with a person outside of my family passes and I feel sad when they die than my own family ?
It is important to help the elderly and disabled- these are our mothers and fathers sisters and brothers.
RT You're most welcome! Let us know if you get a chance to try it out.
There's something about a cow in a meadow that's, well, just eternal.
I'm still laughing about that sex toy party last night haha
OMG cubicle neighbor's wife, stop calling him for directions every time you drive anywhere! He has a job to do. For now.
“: KOrton returns to Den w/ chance to knock Broncos out of playoffs.”
Thank you for the retweet!
no. I was the first person in line. Haha if your who you look like you were 2nd. Random I know..haha
In desperate need of a "Getting Sh*t Done" playlist...
I'm up for that.
great pics! i have to say...i am so mad i can't eat dairy!!!
Yeah because we Indians dance like that.. Hah. No.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.<U+0094> ~ Zig Ziglar
How do you mend a broken heart?
Movie recommendation is Danny Devito in "Throw Momma From The Train"
RT : pro tip #1 - add a hashtag ( the # ) 2 each tweet 2 reach a wider audience. Like #lynchburg or
#CollaborativeLaw - Where parties and attorneys contractually agree to settle disputes without going to court.
Don't let the world break me tonight,I need the strength of you by side
Evolution, gay marriage, Obama. That sound you're hearing is conversative minds exploding all across the country.
#rememberwhen 20 dollars would have ur tank looking right
Thanks for connecting, Keith Entheology Online looks like an interesting cyber-place.
So we're going to be releasing a record...
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
I'll keep all of those places in mind :) Have an awesome weekend Ashlyn!!
's support is phenomenal. Called to speak to a representative. Oonly waited 10 seconds to get through.
Laying another track the ideas are flowing good today...
Rep. Lanning says tacking on $50 million to #Vikes share is a hard bargain but that's as far as committee can go. No more time for talks
We're supposed to find "common ground" with people that think the Earth is 6,000 years old
I'm brining back my Soul Searching party next Thursday the 16th 8pm- 10pm 2 4 1 on all drinks. No Cover guest
Congrats to the Seahawks! Wagner 59 Pittsburgh 54 Final- First win over a ranked opponent in 33 years.
but they aren't as awesome as I am!
I'll explain to them... Dora's going to take me in the other room and show me what's in her backpack, but it's only for adults.
Waking up at 6:30 to see my boy on prom day?!
2day is my last day working 4 and State Assembly. Thanks to everyone who made my time @ Capitol and Sac terrific!
All libraries burn: so design for it! Multiple copies, friends, etc.
Hope the saints can do it but I am just ready for some football....pulling for Detroit this year...of course behind the RAMS
I love you Chazz<U+2665>
when is sketchup going to make a linux version?
RT w/ the Happy Hours app on Android, my pals & I just cruised around from after work till midnight getting food and drink specials.
Thanks for the RT
get the fuck outta here you wont do shit
I vote
Hello Everyone!
yea ok, blame ur stinkys on the eggs we all kno that was u lmfao
Peyton Manning is such a class act. One of the great guys in the game. I wish the Favre/Packers breakup went down this way.
Actually, the questions were, "Will you still need me, will you still feed me."
ESPN.com's report says BYU's Brandon Davies "gave the Cougars length and size inside". Apparently, his girlfriend thought the same thing.
Hope everyone in having a great thanksgiving!
JK: Purpose = vision, fellowship, commitment.
Should I make a instagram
#First40songsonshuffle 1. Dr. Bieber - Justin Bieber
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
:) RT : Also, what a fantastic way to close Transmission LA? are keeping it the realest in the LA art world.
or is there something i'm missing one of you can help me understand? otherwise, back to facebook...
night at the Thursday, April 7. Free pint glass with your first Heavy Seas, and $3 pints all night!
"When I go to a restaurant, I always ask for a chicken and an egg, to see which comes first."
An early Sunday morning Manhattan run is a nice way to start the day.
bidders beware, your bidding on broken or defected products. But I'll
There's nothing quite as fun as watching a cat stretch, grab air, and fall off the couch.
Playing records last minute with Kam at Mezcal!
haha RT : Me too. I hope he takes you quail hunting. RT : on my way to Wyoming! hope I see Dick Cheney there.
Just remembered I need to borrow that book for the novel paper in ethics from you. Probably should start on that mess.
Sister is over planning her wedding a few more months and she's gonna be Audrey Perry): My future brother-in-law better treat her right! lol
wrrre are you ?.-.
is upset he wasn't pardoned by former Presedent Bush.
Celebrity apprentice by myself. Meh
it's just lemon water, I swear!
3 hour joe rogan podcast and then an always sunny marathon makes for a pretty good monday
omg why are you moving to North Dakota !?
hey send some follows my way
Its official Stamped N Diva/ Phaze II MC are linked. Please believe its about to go down. Follow for any updates.
Long day, with a live night
That awkward moment when you think your PHONE is ringing but it turns out to be someone else's phone with the SAME ringtone.
I am home but semi happy RT : are you home?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> y'all are such a beautiful couple!!!
I forgive and forget
Twisterz Toys Available at amazon.com!
(RELATIONSHIPS) Be the type of person that you want to FIND; If you're a G'damn Nickle don't be lookin for a DYME. Lyfe'
out of all the rappers out 2 chainz has the most official swag
Doug Drushke and I are on the way to the Big Easy for the biggest game in this state's history!
I already ate them all! Sorry!
Morris for sure
You got to know the enemy to be able to fight...
Hm I didn't think of that. It's a good idea..the lists. hehehe Have an awesome day mate :)
* We're goin Big Ham at Plush in ATX right now. Come hear me drop some new joints from Drankenstein 2
Angela, I want to pitch Dawn at RocktheWorld. How do we apply?
#idontlikeyoubecause you try too hard
funny pictures of cats are definitely useful things. :-D
Well, at least you got something accomplished!
is the bomb!
That moment when someone tells you to guess what they have and they tell you before you can guess. Wtf was the point of telling me to guess!
Thanks! I know the women in your family will have a great one if you're with them!
Oh wow, I'm not ready for that!!! Well you can light your fireplace tonight =)
maximum utility for others outside yourself. You always have free will, but that free will is constrained with being set a part falsely as
Ima part of the problem, my problem is im peaceful.
Cheap royalties for sure!
Beautiful tribute to #WhitneyHouston on the
And I just met a lady who has 6 hedgehogs. Some free range in her home. And they sleep w her. Good thing I've been drinking.
Only ribbing you. I haven't watched S3 yet so I wouldn't know either way.
Sing it sister Bonnie show me how it's done.
I'm looking for all grade levels! Can we connect sometime this week or next week?! :)
Whoever that person in your twitter picture is , is dangerously goodlooking! tell them to Holla At Me(;
yes-yesterday afternoon-we had a cold Saturday night
“No skill is more crucial to the #future of a #child, or to a democratic and prosperous society, than #literacy.” -
RT : Hubs went acrss the street in his T. Rtrns 10 min ltr aftr explaining BOAC to our bodega man. Was like telling...
do you still send out autographs?
I miss you
how about a best guess how long Jennings is out??
My name is Dylan Giles my profile pis is of a blue Chevy camaro,
I feel like crap
Not true!(x
HELLO PEPS.
Play more D we can win this game yall
I love you.
But in practice, researchers in academic labs almost never do "normal" flu research in high-security facilities.
Union Sq, Penn St, Port Authority, GMA, Today, WTC. :)
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put ones thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world #quotes Goethe
8 delays & 4 gate changes later...
And to think, just over a decade ago, #Mizzou football would have killed for a QB who could hit a car.
what chu know!???
Drinking beer with a bunch of friends and enjoying each others companies and conversations.
He watched a how-to Twitter video on the Youtubes
Hi Tom!
I prefer the "idealized emotional over investment" model of filling out my bracket (ie always pick Kansas).
No doubt Ann Romney had tough job raising all those Romney kids-lots of credit given. It's extra hard to do it w/o much money/security.
for some guys, pretty fucking hard.
I can't wait for school to be over and summer to start
You should never try and change a man... As women we try all that we can but the only thing to be changed at the end is you dropping him
Kitsilano Daily Kitchen sounds delicious, will look into trying it!
ready for some orange blood!
What are some of the worst (scariest) websites you have ever seen?
UGH!!! “: And i got my nose pierced! Woohoo.”
thank you :)
Received reports our announcement tweet was too long to RT. Silly Twitter, let's try this again...
Summer Love > Any Other Kind Of Love
Please, chime in.
: how old
if you’re BF doesn’t get u a Chocolate Library TLC Basket, it might be time for a regime change of your own!
I should've favorited all the "RT if your team won a second rd game" or "RT if your team didn't lose by 30" hahahahaha
Always enjoy catching up with Great producer, talented musician (), and smart as a whip with the biz. Recommended.
Sending my thoughts and prayers to the family of the Texas Ranger's fan who died tonight from injuries caused by falling over the railing...
You know you're spending way too much time in the library when you need to "feng shui" your workspace.
hell yeah, it's a great tune.
COMPLETELY agree w/ : the promo was awesome. I can only hope 2 b on a show that inspires sm1 that much.
I was just saying that he wasn't in it but could have produced it
OMG im so excited =) are they making the 3rd too?!
RT : RT : People's brains are engages when their BODIES are engaged!
I misses you!!!!
Let's start the discussion on The Corporation at #mc220!
Now, lemme get a chop at this lumber...
Whenever Lana Del Rey songs play in a restaurant I'm in, I contemplate what atrocity I MUST have committed to receive such horrible karma.
LETS TAKE NEW YOURK IN AN HOUR LET'S GO
It's starts with a U and she is Asian
girlfriend just arrived in town, so skipping reception. But will be at sessions tomorrow AM if you want to meet up & coordinate...
Just got to the gym, plug in the headphones...and they break.
word sugar tits.
Sometimes things fall apart for better things to fall together ~
you should always bring dolls on a date. That way u give him a visual reenactment of the future.
"Responsible approach to the taxpayer," Kennedy said of setting one election date, with a primary. Cost is expected to be $9 million.
bi polar weather...crazyy
ya think insurance covered that?
I'll be in Novosibirsk in July and Moscow in August.
Yess!! His shirt was beyond tight!!
I still got to connect my twitter and fb. If I have problems I'll let you know. Thx
uh yah. Also them. :D I spammed their mentions to follow me and boom they saw my tweets. Haha.
sending em rite now
From winning super bowl players will get $88k each, losers $44k each
Single Carrot Education Department now has its own Twitter!
a crash pad is in my future.
It's so unfair I believed I could handle this I swore I could fix everything
The Heck I waited 3 hours waiting to Wins these Tickets and I want caller number 7,
see you there Karen!
My wife hasn't done laundry in years. It's a trust & reading issue. I don't trust her to read labels.
Having a fun day at work today!
The 3 symbols of Passover are: matzah (unleavened bread), maror (bitter herbs), and pesach (paschal lamb).
Everything is all Googleplussed up.
LOVE that.
my pleasure!
finally signed up for the Healthcarevendors Daily. Looking forward to your updates!
Dina, an apt description vapory and chaotic
Know the feeling you get when you see a colleague's website and it makes you sick? Sick because it gives the industry a bad name?
that's a good one!
Omfg I'm actually gonna submit a video to AGT. I can't believe this.
#congrats on a great #HOF career! Hope to see u playing next year
In crunch time, bottom line is, Landry can't create his own shot. I just think JR is a much more proven player.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to the men and women who protect our freedom... You have done more for us than we'll ever know.
Today we are future-forward.
I feel very cheated. I thought marriage was for life.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Cheers~
I missed at school today.
about to co-teach my first barre class eek!!
Out and about in L.A. today. Placing workshop flyers into Starbucks and beyond - anywhere that artists will congregate
that sounds like a sad life, my friend. :o
I'm convinced the only boy I'm gonna love is my big brother.
I would watch Polar Bear's Cafe right now but its getting late D:
Going To Sleep Early!!! Got To Get Up Early!!! GoodNight!!! :D
Noreen's first dumb move of 2012 - lost keys found stuck in door this morning. Smooth!
JCP nabs first commercial - as #Oscars sponsor. Def aiming to boost fashion cred w/ Mango partnership
I keep 1 eye open and 1 ear listens , only mind kind understand that.
Headed out of town Atlanta see u when I get back!
Bought me some new #Nike Dynamic Support Lunarlon shoes! They're black and red!!
Just booked tickets to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico for the weekend - leaving tomorrow morning w/! Happy Thursday!
YAY, you made one!!!!
you're loving that ravens D right now...
first federal savings and loan association
RT : New restaurant going into Shockoe Bottom! Maximo's will be Spanish & Italian, the best of two chefs!
I agree!! They were awesome!!
I'd love to see the $$ spent just on the war in Iraq & how much it cost each American.
Yes, let me know the best way to contact you. Thanks, Eddie
RT Counting it all joy this morning!
Like the new iPod you just touch her to turn her on Haha I love that Song
Just got home from a vacation where I didn't wear socks for a week. I got a pedicure at some point. It was pure bliss.
Went to opening of SD Humane's new neonate kitten clinic. Dozens of adorable squirming kittens, now with a chance of surviving!
The marine layer is not playing right now...
Discipline, is the root word for disciple, teach/model to your children how you want them to behave so they respect you.
I'm here in Vallejo, CA to help a new customer w their new Wordpress website, seo, domain name and other information technology items
Mornin,.I won tickets off channel 99.5 to see u in Novi Mi but u didn't show up.What happen??It was a great club.
Thank you very much..
Haha Rome needs premium fuel meanwhile the jungle's clones just need gas. :-)
I been getting ignored all day & I'm not liking the shit at all !!!!
I don't care what they think....fuck em to hell...well all met up soon,hahah!! God don't let fags in heaven >;-)
Taxes filed. Nice refunds. Amy should get laid off and we should have a kid every year!
Whether we are together or apart, we are always in each others hearts.
Had a blast at #GoodEatsCookingClasses today! Created some amazing salads perfect for summer!
I usually watch all 3, but I've been so focused on work & the new house, I've totally missed ALL the races this year.
I bet if you broke away from Hollyweird, Spent time on my Ranch riding horses, just getting some outside quiet time, you'd love it!
I was really moved by the ending tonight. that was awesome. she was so excited.
Work ethic know no limits!
Yes. And then have your pupils go crazy in the next room with the electric blue lights.
Visited with an incredible organization today and during the visit learned they love using tools from Support both!
we get plenty of that out here. Whats the bloody music scene like?
Help me get to 55 Follow me,n follow u
No I'm jk
Un-Patriotic at the very least. They were bummed out today with gas prices going down, dammit!
Time to start blending Grasshoppers and mixing Margheritas
On our way to and saw Angelyne driving down Sunset.
hey what's up :)
That's not good. :
First assignment for Winter '12 is underway. A bit of reference service history with Samuel Green--it got personal.
Remembering Dad and Grampa, and admiring all the great fathers she knows among family and friends. Bless you for all you do.
5.11 Tactical and PMBT now working together Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
get on ooVoo
Where are my Patricia Kaas fans out there??? Just discovered her!!!
According to the office of enrollment... and that's my understanding too.
yeah, I use to have a music recording studio with over $2000 worth of equipment but I sold it all when I moved. I wanna film now
Will post soon. Need to tinker some more. Learning a ton fast. Your vid helped, btw.
Love that Eric Holder and Justice Dept will review and investigate #Trayvon's case. Justice must prevail.
Battlefield 3 close quarters: because we're trying really hard to be call of duty.
She should get a divorce and settle down. ~ Jack Paar
...hey stranger, always such sexy pics :)
What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger. Stock up on our Prevention and Recovery gear! Go ahead, fill up the cart and leave the shipping...
Tell your friends to follow us! RT: “: on twitter n I wasn't informed smh”
I'm getting sleeeepppyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Nancy Grace on GMA was SPOT ON commenting on the latest student/teacher scandal! I think I'm starting to really like her?!
Very exited to support with at our event on the 9th! Come on out and help.!!
It's ironic and troubling that James Harrison is calling a devil when he's brandishing two handguns for his cover story photo.
...it's awesome that #TheHelp is inspiring conversations about #CivilLiberties for everyone. #GLBT included. Truly warms my heart.
Congratulations, Chris! I'm very happy that you've found a great TT position, although we'll certainly miss you here in Virginia.
Barber who says he faced off with #turnpike gunman: "I couldn't sleep last night." Hear his story first on NBC 6 at 11am
the ipad is not all it's cracked up to be. it's fun, sure, but you always wish it would just do what you need it to.
Read history and biography to learn what the great leaders did right - and wrong. No reason to repeat mistakes or reinvent the wheel.
Wat up dudes
keep submitting! better luck next time.
On our way to !
These guys rock! rocking out at the klove tent at cheering on
Luv the Twitter Tuesday idea for charity. How do I get my business mentioned?
scraps stands w/all his brothers & sisters in their struggle against the man. supports all strikes & general insurrection. happy may day!
where and why? I missed the memo!
I can't keep my eyes opened anymore. Good night everyone <U+270C><U+2764>
wow not even a mention ouch
RT : Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney.
oh the day is so beautiful in L>A>
Movers just arrived...time to unpack! Slainte!
"I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut the door completely."
You'll be missed by fans & staff but we all appreciate your dedication to #familytime. Keep being #awesome!
We have instagram now! Our usernames are marisaofficial and michaelofficial! If u have an iPhone you can download the app and share ur pics!
Creed, huh? Obviously its bar close.
Im drawing a portrait of u if u have a fave pic Direct message me and i will tell u my info...
Oh my God I love having a juicer!
sorry fresh out!
Come and rest your bones with me. Driving slow on Sunday morning.
holy jeez just got back to game after meeting. Okc yikes
Speedos or swimming trunks?
lost all respect for the wanted >.<
And the mic is off! "I keep hitting buttons".
I have a policy that I won't cover the cartels unless the publication has a kidnapping policy.
Welcome consensus seekers Thnx for following
S/O to our big bro & manager #BiggestBusinessman #FOLLOW [FGC/SG]
beer-pressure, come drink on patio. $1 PBR, $2 Miller bottles, $3 Rails Tall any way and $5 TAll Sweet Tea vodka cktail 3pm to 9pm.
#FirstDayBack and Im willing to like, jump off a bridge to escape these people. Humanity is frustrating.
hey I'm at my appointment I will call u later!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 34
Pray big; God will grant big things if you ask for them and are big enough to receive them. Norman P Veale
Happy Pi Day geeks! :) 3.14
Hunger Games Puppy Bowl!
So many interactions with famous people in one day!
Prairie, embargo and stoic have also knocked out spellers in first round
#Vizzda.com is your source for timely, accurate and actionable #CRE #data. Check us out on Facebook, LinkedIn or by joining our #beta!
you damn right its mine. And I'm filing for custody!
Awesome to meet you, too, and thanks for bringing the power! :D
somethin i have 2 tell u
I'm getting fat I need to workout some hopefully this summer I'll be able to walk the park like last year
Everything does happen for a reason.
i'm going to be so pissed if i can't get my license tomorrow...
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
haha random but funny!! "We didn't realize that we have arrived at high tide low tide never made it out alive" (:
bad, bad comma splice. For shame o educated one!
Starting to get offended by all of the DM Spam coming in the last day or so... Stop telling me I need to loose weight spamers!
Beautiful Day
and to make matters worse, I just turn 25 like 2 weeks ago
Hipster, eh? Looks like a nerd to me!
thanks for the text read to end your show today!
Lovers And Friends <U+2665><U+266A>
#nowplaying Chucho Valdes "Solo Piano", one of his best albums in my humble opinion. Set gives a full perspective of this Cuban piano legend
Washington fans are bitter. Terrence Jones is getting booed every time he touches the ball.
"Luck is when preparation meets opportunity" - Coach Gruden tonight on
Ok three #APD squad cars in front of the house
kno what's not?
thats what im doing... nobody believes or understands me
Ugh. I never had allergies until I moved to DC. Sneeze. Sneeze. Sneeze. How am I supposed to work?
Thank you! We're trying our best!
When you put it on its an invitation, when they play a song get on up an shake it
Does your resume need an upgrade? Maybe it's time to dust it off and check out what new opportunities 2012 can offer.
No ppl can b bound 2 acknowledge & adore the Invisible Hand which conducts affairs of men more than those of the United States.-G.Washington
Ha. That was fun. I'm "a bit of a prat"
wow that got my attention! the tone, the seriousness, everything
Hot day in the Old town today!
thank you for being you stay awesome. Peace grits and harmony:)))))))supasmiles
“: #Fuck #ThatMomentWhen you see the grammar mistake a second too late!! #NO #AlreadySent” lol it happens.
Looking for single professionals in Cincy that would like to have 12 mini dates in a hour www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Just re-tweeted - she's making great series of short videos on being camera ready, which more & more of us need to be.
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." Theodore Roosevelt
Is it racist to support Black Businesses if you are Black?
Yeah, he was hittin it pretty hard.
best student question ever today--Dr. Compton why are all the freshmen terrified of you?
#Brewers #Cubs game has now reached 5 hours. That is 6 innings of a Yankees playoff game.
Time to put work in practice wens night 6pm sat let's get this W sat C
It still ain't over yet...
We're totally going to win this thing
No man needed. Your solution to opening bottles! TwistAid- an automated plastic bottle opener!
my little 5yr old sister's bday is in August. Every time i ask wht she wants she says" i want justin bieber to be at my party"
We have a meeting tomorrow night at 8:30 in Rangeview 242. Nominees for Exec Board positions will be giving speeches!
she'll be busy marrying me tho, sorry
OMG what acme do u go to lol. my acme is right down the street from me n i never have any freaks pester me lol
That came across wrong. I love the rooster, too. Maybe not enough to write a book about it, though...
I got to get back to working out and doin my thing. I need some motivation and a work out partner!!
Each day is a new day to do something different...learning to pray more and letting go of the old me as each new day comes to past..
not surprised at all We live in a let them eat cake society But those 1% ers lost their heads didn't they :-)
We will have to cancel anyhow. BO.
So I hav ta sit here n hold her square wit a clothes pin so she cn hit it...
thanks for the follow
always takes my chats even if I usually am trying to chat with someone else
Looking at tech schools for my bf on my lunch - I admit, I'm a fan of these gainful employment disclosures (assuming they're accurate)
Hermione had her 1st puppy class and did so well! She learned to "watch me", "target" and "sit"! It helps that she is treat motivated. ;)
I will look into it
haha on this account, yes! :]
do you know if they used a catheter? I really wanna know as much as I can to prevent further blockages. This is exhausting.
Also, I should really update my profile pic. Now a delightful cotton candy pink, but I'm too lazy to have my photo taken.
In Boston
is so cool :)
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed It is the only thing that ever has Margaret Mead
#SaySomethin IS MY NEW OBSESSION<333
Cain is also a fan of the penultimate track on the White Album ("number 9... number 9...")
I do use night guards!!! And they help for sure. But during the days...tylenol will have to cut it.
Packing the car up, getting ready to hit the road for Rochester. Gonna be a rowdy show tonight! Happy New Years for those who can't make it!
thanks for hanging with us tonight. Fun times!
: we are diverse but do not fully accept diversity as a society. Speaking at
that is to cute!! and ur rockn my fav color "purple"!!!
do me a favor . . . You have my # right?
haha okay I will. Do you work today?
- Groundhog Day?
All the blessings which you pray to obtain hereafter could be yours today, if you did not deny them to yourself.
Forever lives the spirit and legacy of the legendary singer and frontman of the Doors, Jim Morrison. May u rise up in heaven. RIP
Do you want Your Band Promoted, Or Event Promoted to Our Vast Network of #OTG accounts? Contact Call (267)-592-2972!
What is the highest usable ISO on the nikon d3?
me too...I don't quite get the DM unless they are auto following every one who follows them
WANT. Giant brownie in a cup...m
why do girls love Frankie he dont have talent really
folks come join us for some free icecream. is right down the street from you! truck is here!
ceaser salad is delicious.
»[ say boom bitch ]» boom
HEY RENEE!!! Miss you!
Thank you Love for the Shoutout!! Awesome paper you put out! Great articles! Keep it up & keep us posted. ;) xo
My hair looks like shit today -.-
tweets SEE they are potheads and smoke pot around I saw it myself. POT all over with children
Ill do as I deem necessary RT ": Just don't pick your nose now #carryon"
Whoever scores first is most likely gonna win this game
Hi Christine- I'm in Philly- give me a shout if I can be of any help (I'm acutally a prof here)
Beyond brutal night for the #Caps &
#cowboys it ain't over yet ROMO is one tough bad ass man! If disagree you do it... All these big talkers couldn't wear his shoes
Sure do wish R.G. could see how his advice panned out after not liking my style and crashing his retarded startup into the dirt.
Boxing great Joe Frazier dies at 67 of cancer. We just lost one of the greats! In a class shared by only a few....
Rising stock market doesn't mean economy picking up... investors need a place to put their money..bonds not good due to future inflation.
hey hows it going bb on in a lil bit
Man, there goes 1 :/ What happened?? 14 more ...
Ya know i need some new girlfriends all mines turned me down for dinner this weekend...feel so sad...lol...but I know they love me..lol
*i saw today* damn typo's
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
SHOUT OUT GOS TO YOU.. EVERYONE FOLLOW OUR FRIEND..
Sorry about the mix-up in trivia earlier. Ack! It's been a busy couple of weeks! :)
Southern France is amazing. People are so friendly, the weather is (comparatively) warm, and the markets are the best. I'm loving it here!
RT I'm terribly in love with the for having a piano open to the public. Minnesota is so neat.
Just started crying after signed my tattoo. He helped me so much and I'm not sure if he honestly knows.
you guys made me get yelled at :p
I like your face, sike
Did you find the pot o'gold Danny? :)
;C What happened to me on ur Bio?! :o
possible autobiography title? Paying to be Disappointed: The Matt Deapo Story
We're open. Come in and get something green!
Snacking is good!!
Tomorrow July 7th -> Woodfish @ Bar Anticipation (Bar A) in Lake Como. Visit www.woodfishmusic.com/shows for more details.
: I Can't Make You Love Me, but it would be nice.
I walk in the same fields
Good morning! New day, new attitude!
You must be at the beer fest eh?
lol im kinda hooked to them now lmfaoo,we should pass the poster around school taking pictures with EVERYONE XD
Haven't played Reach in a long time. Carried my team with 32 kills and 4 deaths that last round. I still got it :D
i like jb
Hope you have a merry xmas taylor
a pinky?
Dude there's peeps on this site like 4,5,6 hours a day. Lord have mercy. What you gonna do to put good on your table?
what is that and who?
hahaha I'm sure!!
Guys always get caught lying but girls don't there so much sneakier about things
When someone says they love the type of music you listen to and when you ask them their favorite artist they say the most mainstream one -_-
. a #Gingrich presidential run, Bob #Dole in the news, "lycos." It's like VH1's "I Love 1997"
#np my kinda party by Jason Aldean.
Matt Tavis kicking us off today in London with the demo of likeability app - currently talking about the NASA AWS use case
Wanted to discuss a front-end development oppty for you or someone in your network. Ping me or DM.
she definitely is. That's only two things on the really long list of why I love her. Lol
Stupid Words with Friends, "fuck" is to a word!
Most people aim at nothing and hit it with amazing accuracy
Guys a stranger on the street gave me a very explicit but very genuine compliment it was the highlight of my night
Go ray go!
Just realized that the Kentucky Derby falls on Cinco de Mayo. Margaritas or mint juleps?
Has anyone purchased anything from - I just recently stumbled upon them and kinda love their items!
Pitt bros talking shit about CMU while walking to the bus stop. At least we keep it to one bomb threat a week
thanks for correction (1 year off!). Time is flying bye. Late 90s were good old days for the greyhounds.
See you all tonight!
Thanks for the shout out!
Fire away. Please note - editing articles other people have written is not possible, but you can add them and edit your own.
Don't overthink, just hope it's right.
seriosly???i'm stay in malaysia...nice to meet u!
RT I work tomorrow.
We do our best here sir. Thank you.
at #nlcinstitute this weekend at the #c3center in woonsocket. Exciting
thank you. What is that site?
“ Man u can have all the clothes in the world and still have trouble findin something to where !”
Nate Najar ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
iced coffee>>>>
just now noticed. Thanks for the FF mention!
i have a test tomorrow wish me luck?
Everything about that trip was hard
Oh, these dumbass assumptions people come up with <<<
They asked questions about it the entire time. I liked it.
Learn how to have the best "live show" an unsigned artist can have! Join us Tuesday night @ Club Pyramid, NYC - 8pm. Info: 347 249 9441
that's my goal every conversation!
Polishing songs for the next recording. Waiting for the moment it's time to put down the pencil and eraser.
Gym at 6, FOR NOW MAPLESTORY.
I refuse to go to this soccer game.
an i wasn't gonna diss you if you weren't a BVB fan. Haha i was just asking XP
Although I don't agree w/how the RnR Hall of Fame runs most of their things & even though I don't agree w/all of...
been a good day, seen today nd was so excited! nd iwanna say congrats to she graduates today ilove my cussos
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday! This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics & integrity. They were accredited in 2009
Kinda tired. pc4pc???
thanks for RT!
Jesus is the type of guy who would look down upon you, and see the times you struggle giving you a helping hand.
If anyone has a spot to fill for Saturday, March 24th, we had a gig fall through and are looking to book. Let me know. Thanks!!!!
Love hearing that!
. make your own damn sandwich, mr former sandwich artist. :P
Who disrespects a lady like that? Bro, You do NOT know me! Don't call me A bitch! You drunk disrespectful prick.
Nonviolence is one of the most potent weapons available to oppressed people in their struggle for freedom - MLK 13 April 1960
Yes! RT : and you were on #foxnews!
Omg this morning has been a mission!!!
So, good first week? :)
Loving Alain de Botton on Wish I could see him speak tonight at KU.
Good to see Chucky Chuck back on the scene Last Night!
": You have some official question answerers condoning knocking off"I was just wondering abt this last night
bemoaning the lack of YA titles available in overdrive. does anyone else want to scrap ebooks?
shower time.(;
Just committed to babysitting. Let's hope the little one doesn't attack me this time...
showin love frum sacramento ur music inspires a-lot ov people!!! D-BOY
Somedays you just have to put on a little messed up and wish there is an 11 button
Vintage clips of Steve jobs in the 90s. Awesome. "people with passion can change the world. That's what we believe."
Breaking: Danny Califf to Chivas USA , Chivas send the Goat to New York Red Bulls, & NY sends case of Red Bull to Philadelphia Union
I need to stop eating so much junk! I am exhausted everyday
Debating what I should do about some ppl in my life smh
I got few people that want my car but the thing is I dnt know what I want next or afford Ugh!
did you see the #BlackburnChicken ?? The Anfield Cats days are numbered!
Well guess I'm turning in my paper late. Oh well. Baking cupcakes now for my sister's birthday party at the beach. O'side Harbor. Come hang!
I'm not a happy Shocker today. That was not dub state bball!
The faves right now are Good Feeling by Flo Rida, Tonight is the Night, and Stronger by Kelly Clarkson!
lol I know, thank goodness for DVR. I never watch it live
THIS-->“: weeden is gonna age even quicker with this guy upshaw rushing him...”
We look forward to hearing from you about the events as well!
back from an excellent one-on-one training in network analysis with cant wait to apply learnings to understanding info sharing!
Starting to love sports. doesn't hurt that Every NY team is killing it this year!!! Go Yankees!
Qi Gong session at 4130 Telegraph at East Bay Church in the parking lot led by Chef Toussaint with Pesto treats starting 8:30AM. Wellness
Did you know we are facing a night of solar flares and potential power outages?
Our self image, strongly held, essentially determines what we become. — Maxwell Maltz
Hi my name is Kyia and i'm addicted to ice!
i understand :) I'm not either haha
Plus, we can't really worry about doing anything internationally if our country undergoes national economic catastrophe.
Just posted new song Swagger ft. B.O.B, and Real Name Chase all written and put out today! download the song at myspace.com/lilmeta
And body builders....dont crush me ah!
I've got the brains, you've got the looks..
Havent Been Mentioned In A While . -_-
Gotta love debilitating headaches.
Obama slogan: If U have 1.3 baby mammas per baby, we need your support!
Heading to the Guitar Wolf show tonight after work. Gonna get yelled at by a bunch of 'leather jacket drunk Japanese dudes.'
Shouldn't that be: I tweet, therefore I yam?
Ryan Braun just hit a home run. Roids help you do some amazing things.
Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out... RT Take Me With You!!!!! Lol
#ROCKTHEBELLS2012 IS GONNA BE DOPE SHOUTOUTS TO NASTY FOR HIPPING EVERYBODY
The only thing on my Bucket List is to yell "GET SOME!" while shooting at an oncoming horde of some sort, just before they overtake me.
good stuff! #welcome “: Wow...So...We're FINALLY Here...Cali...Wow...#fb”
hey i am new to twitter i was wondering if i could get a shoutout or somthing? thanks so much
#Imagine Niall smiling at a photo of you. Liam:"You really love her, don't you?'' Niall:''More than anything!''
But I guess Affirmative Action helps fat people too
Cool! My dad told me about it. I wish there was more in the U.S. History category. Maybe they'll add content.
yay! It was great. Can't wait for Saturday!
Christopher Alexander: " Tunisia: Reflections on politics in the Early Second Republic"
I love that she had the most memorable dress!!
<U+266B> music makes me very happy <U+266B> <U+270C><U+263A>
What is going on in the womens restroom on the ferry? Girls stay in there for the entire crossing....curious, very curious.
where u
OMG We r really great drawers! #drawsomething is really bringing out my inner artist! :)
All buckwheat dumplings, all the time. Is Astra actually on Twitter or is this wishful Tweeting?
It's #80sThursday at Student Services- tweet your song requests!
Oh yes, always making time for fun! I am off to Vegas this weekend :)
If you love me baby this how you let me know dont ever let me go.
. IT'S A TRAP!! no seriously, you can spend your entire life working on your .emacs.d. Or, y'know get some freakin' work done.
Don't! We'll ask them to add her ghost to the show again ;-)
Follow them! ": Guys! We're so close to hitting 1000 followers, lets see what you can do! Help us get there!”
good tired lol. Running round like crazy. How r u?
dm Our Business model was developed to generate and grow to $15 Million. Growing faster than we can manage. Want to talk?
Why cant I shut up
more AWS cost modeling; its all about the assumptions.
I am forever a Jonas Brother fan, I have been since they first started out and I still LOVE them
/Users/rubyirene/Movies/iMovie Projects.localized/My First Project.rcproject/Movies/medium.m4v
Wow, wow, wow. Emotional, and unexpected events on #Idol tonight. #thesave I can't believe it!!!
Tomorrow we'll be switching to a NEW menu. Get here today for brussel sprout hash, salmon salad, pumpkin pancakes, pancetta fritatta...
Sometimes I wonder if I should just give up the hope of meeting then I remember I am going to London in 2 years
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY. IM 16 :')
Thanks, ! About to have a **big** holiday sale. Stay tuned if you'd like to snag one on the cheap! :)
Emma Stone is funny, and this is definitely the most I've tweeted in one day.
are you doing the math right now?
Lesson 1: Scientists are assholes and journalists are assholes.
it's bad
check your email.
omg I just remember we have a history test tomorrow!
If there's Two Hearted Ale, I might pack a pint glass in my panniers for when I arrive.
Hate getting your oil changed? Let us help on your repair bills through social media.
he thought i cut my wrist becuz there was so much blood.
Considering how much I like people, generally, I sure do hate the sounds that they make.
Nice! My husband would be so jealous! Placerville/Idaho City?
stopped by the train while sitting on the bus...
I love for so many different reasons. mostly b/c they're true blue.
Yes, please do! We'll have some #Indy adventures!
I don't care how the Mets do it... Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good!
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Excited tomo is the wkend that means catch up with ! (Even though we are still over 6000 miles away from each other!) x
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. ~Ben Williams
SENIOR PROM :D #2K12 its time to party.!
RT : Our own shared 5 steps to B2B #socialmedia success: Test, Segment, Amplify, Measure, and _____?...
Just Got Off The Phone Wiff Eric..
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. Aim High SE
haha...ok i got you
Why am I always hungry!
RT : As she will always be ": mary jane was there for me today"
Uh oh... Me. RT : People, people, people: Your websites are still playing music automatically. Must I start naming names?
No, but seriously, I think that, in general, skin bleaching seems more dangrous than tanning. Both aren't permanent.
ha ha. I was also wondering if it was me or your skills that got me so much into the presentation
I Can So Yall Niggas...How To Be A Real Nigga..#LikeMe!!
Why are you still a faggot .
sorry, thank you Jodi, best wishes.
Now you got both pages hidden? C'mon speak to me. You owe your boss an explanation.
; Dude . Earlier , when i was taking a nap , this one guy texted me like 9 times !
Goodnight everyone! After I finish listening to moments I am off to bed!
choose me or cuz shes been trying since last week :-)
#amCaShouties to some #awesome twits :D ~~~~rich
Competition for Mayweather. So exciting to see.
The very thought of going outside right now makes me want to shudder. The wind is howling, everything is wet and it's too cold! Ugh!
Any developers out there who specialize in deleting spam off of a #wordpress database?
#FollowFriday Givin' it up for the awesomeness that is
if i dont get on on thurs. then im not on this earth if ya guys dnt hear frum me on thur. then tell , (c)
I absolutely despise what I see in the mirror...
Wade and Zoe?
Ok everyone needs to follow that shit is hilarious!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna try and work early on Wed so I can head over then and then switch to a late shift on Sat so I can leave sat morning.
I really miss my fam doe and my bruddas:-{
- cantt ever complain!.. Everything bless on ur side?
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote - The Atlantic Wire
AA has assets of $8.3 bil to cover $18.5 bil in pension benefits. Vote republican at your peril middle America. Romney math 101 don't add up
its okay haha, no need to be embarrassed:)
I am about to hit the gym
#Ilaughalotwhen twitter suggests I follow some really boring celebrities. Have some class twitter.
Interesting. Would it have been more successful with no preview/teaser at all?
Thanks love :)
I received my t-shirt. I'm looking forward to helping out the community.
what the CRAP. how many weeks are you?
he needs a nickname...go marlins
follow he follows back
BRICK SQUAD
yeah, bale and modric nonexistent. will not be happy as a fan.
Thanks. I keep thinking I'll read something to "escape" but I keep skimming my TBR and I'm not in the mood for anything.
guess what i ate today?? subwayy(:
yes u should! It's funny. Enjoyable.
is delicious. by far the best cupcake i have had in a while
Weird coincidences tonight...
Draw an image of "the mythical monster that crouches inside of you," send to , win a copy of her beautifully illustrated new book.
You won the "prize" on my #HanukkahHoopla post! (Thank you so much for commenting.) DM me your mailing info? :)
Oh for silly!
those things you wish could are called experiences where you learn from them. Good or bad.
I wonder if Fuld is getting jealous that another hobbit is getting the attention this year!
A #SWA day. OMW to Seattle w a connecting flt in Oakland. Slept on the first flt like a baby. About to read my celebrity gossip mag now.
We thank you as well! Have a happy Saturday.
Have a safe trip and let's finish this round off in Kamloops!
No love for #FSU - but I want #Oklahoma to lose
I guess I need to start watching Scandal! Everyone is talking about it! I also need to start watching Revenge!
So wondering if the campaign link can be shortened within your tool before advocates click the share on twitter button
Thats a great spot for a Sports Authority.
My bad. World Cup Dressage Final not over. But Ann Romney's horse still 17th of 18 going into final day.
"Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act."
Hop to Lofty Dog Easter day for EasterBegg treat with every purchase. Special Easter hours 12-4pm
I am so excited to see "Ted." Anyone else seen the trailer?!
Maybe we just see more of the complacent artists now because there's more internet exposure - but that doesn't explain their shine and fans.
Everything that seems to be happening in my life is stuff that shouldn't hit until my late 20s according to
Hello you! Thanks for helping get the word out. Hope your year is awesome!
Thank you kindly, Barry! We'll make sure and let you know when the albums available for a listen.
cuz I'm Amy that's why , and can we DM , this is long lol
“: Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races.”stealing tweets & <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Small world. I'll be at BNW tomorrow with Minneapolis.
and just when all hope is lost, you stumble on an submission from ...whoa.
Eight of the subjects of the Creative Hoosiers tour I just took at the IMA are buried at Crown Hill, plus others on our Artists tour.
As am I. RT : We're looking forward to conducting the Young Artists Competition this year during the festival!
just for that, you are now my 2nd favorite
listenin to "LOUDER"- this song is hot.... also "KISSED YHUR GIRLFRIEND" is the jam... :-) lik them both
lmfaooo <3 if u need a lawyer u know who to call !
": #FF follow for easy social media integration for you brand!" Thanks for the mention!
Thanks Ryan!
Yeh! Let run into each other
I swear I'm in love with and
And she white praise the lord for me right now lord have mercy on my soul for this one
Why ignore me
RT KyleT493: I wish my fridge was stacked with drinks like the guys from how to stock your fridge
I ordered them a few months ago... And you cant beat the quality & price! :)
When girls say they are looking for a guy that's funny, we must assume they don't get humor. We are single. It HAS TO BE THEM!
I get myself into some interesting entanglements:)
You're just mad he's not a Red anymore..lol.
To dilute the will to win is to destroy the purpose of the game. There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
with U.T. Basketball coach #RickBarnes. Really nice guy.
Visit our table today in the Union!
It took 5 minutes and %6 of my battery to sent the last tweet on #AT&T's lightning fast network…
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
It is impossible to hum if your nose is plugged. (And everyone that is reading this is trying it!)
I miss back in the day when i could get my little brother to do anything as long as i said go fast, ill time you
I blame a lot on management. The talent in the #WPS was top notch!
#Blackberry, I am so tired of your tiny little screen.
Bad news: my East region is a smoking crater.
As I was checking something, Miss read a Benny & Penny to herself. Then we each read a part. This isn't a memorized book.
You, "But what's it about?" Me, "Well, I was a skeptic of reports of people seeing Jesus in everything from a tree trunk to a bowl of soup."
Who just watched the Kings/Maloofs press conference from New York? Wow.
some Villa in Africa the leader of the invisible children movement is facing charges. And I've seen nothing to prove that
#TaxAdviceTuesday Belize is the new Caymans: asset transfers to offshore banks r essential 4 avoiding US taxes and shielding ur hedge funds!
2006 CL Semi Finalists, 2011 EL Semi Finalists who beat Porto (who then won a treble last year).
How is it possible that there is so many todo apps and none do it completely right? Is it that hard of a problem to solve?
can't sleep but happy i pass my state board test
Watching the replay of the Giants game...Casilla's stuff was nasty!
I know too many dumbasses.
I love that idea!
This global financial crisis is brought to you by the global elites N-e-w World Order agenda...
Fav W. Anderson in order: ROYAL TENENBAUMS, FANTASTIC MR. FOX, RUSHMORE, LIFE AQUATIC, DARJEELING LIMITED, BOTTLE ROCKET.Wait, no one asked?
Why does this happen 2 me:/
elevator pitch: hi, I'm The Awesome Pulsifer. U need my art n ur gallery. Did I say I'm awesome & humble? --guaranteed 2 work!
when I'm done being sick with my sinus infection we need to have a FaceTime meetin!
The Silk Tie likes the Big Red Comic! Need a sweet tie? thesilktie.com
The term “lifelong learning” implies that there is always something more to learn.
Check out A1 styles on facebook Amazing specials & great talent
so is your Twitter account 0wned, or is this a joke I'm not following?
at least i get to see him smile (:
Thanks to MKE Brewers Foundation for a very generous contribution to Guns, Grief and Grace film series!!
tell her to see the hit Adam Sandler movie, Clit.
What does your June look like?
Hello, Exxon. I'm Perhaps you've seen me in such class action suits as "Beating Big Tobacco" and "Kicking Asbestos".
I SWEA SOME NIGGA'S CAN BE SOME REAL ASSES SOMETIMES......
truly a "Fun" run compared to those #HalfMarathons lol!
i need an intense deep facial.
“:Joe Paterno is 83 right? Is that his real hair or is he wearing a racoon.”I'm 50 years younger and jealous of that hair line
Last day of school.(: can't wait for Christmas.(:
making muffins for this bum davonya
Matt Erlin (WUSTL) presenting on topic modeling German novels of the 18th & 19th century.
So , i'm thinking about deleting myself from this page . it doesn't have many likes & it's not active . so , yeaah . ~ Angel <3
Fresh faded <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0088>and feeling X-rated.
thanks? (: lol. what do you look like
Spam in my DM <<
"tweeting is believing" -
The Man Who Sold The World: Bowie or Cobain? I cannot choose. I just can't.
I'm the lead singer in a new band, All The Little Pieces. We'll be performing all over Kentucky and maybe even Nashville, TN! :)
One more cup of coffee before work, so I can punch holes in things that need/lack holes.
Best part of Hamilton's 4HR game? Twitter banter that includes occasional reference to 4HR alum Hard Hittin' Mark Whiten.
maybe just a lil get together, liquor and kush all night type sh.t
i stay real conntected with my family. We text all the time.
Cute top, sis!
: Dumpster fire.
Finding I really enjoy listening to Adele & Duffy
The 40 Rules of Love. It's one of the best fiction books I've read all year.
Hi Jeff. Thanks for checking out the Annnapurna stuff this weekend. Are you affiliated with The travelers way magazine? Eric
Gods blessed me so much these past 2 weeks. so im good:)
Lol was yesterday. But today is white.
nice to meet you. ;-) I thought you were all set in that category??
My gym does not have the best ventilation. I sweat more but so do all the hot LA starlets.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you follow some one RT them and give them a shout out and they help you gain 0 followers
Post your pictures at Taproom No.307 on our Facebook Wall!
Think I'll watch Orange Bowl on DVR. 70-33 might put me in a better mood.
I sprayed my brother with VS body spray & he gets me back by spraying Febreze on me -.-
I better follow up with a just kidding. You never know.
Blow that money like a candle !
i just killed ...... A FLY! THAT IS .. omg ... i'm like so proud of myself. that's pretty big.
Regardless, I'll be either howling or wearing a Burger King crown come the Finals.
Absolutely, I'd love to. Will you attend any conference this year? I'll be in Vegas for
I was helping out my good friend print! 34x22s. We will be back tomorrow evening to continue! It went amazing.
Damn, my fault. I should've told you! I wasn't there btw. We need to convene at Hayseed Hill one day soon.
It's rearing in on 72 hrs before christmas and I haven't bought Any gifts yet. Yup #procrastination at its finest.
We won The Hard Rock battle of the bands tonite!!
Still pondering ... RT : Hey I need help with Xmas ideas for Brandon.
Will do! I got to see Alex last night too!
what isn't cool about writing #bash scripts? ...well, probably a lot... but it's cool as in "tech cool" I guess
34-0 in the second quarter. Come on Blue, put up something.
Thanks, Hope all is well.
She knows that
is this a live feed Randle will be on?
How's yall bitches day goin?
I might have a jaffacake
Thank you!
Got my Lz back! :)
Just had lunch with Tim Forester @ Boulder Brooks Landing. Tasty ! Discussed how we can infuse jazz / blues into the musical lineup there.
I'm on a steady diet of Investigation Discovery channel. No wonder why I have nightmares, but I just can't stop watching!
Smith coaches<<<
'neoliberalism as creative destruction.'
RT : "Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats" says at
when i do it right, i don't get as hungry as i used to either, but my nutritionist (paleo) has me to eat at least x calories
New texture. Sigh. Step 1: Switch type to Image, switch mapping method to UV. Oh to have this be the default.
You have ruined my life, embarrassed me in front of alot of people, I dont understand how my parents can let you in...
I'm reading For All Time by Caroline B. Cooney and North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell!
Wtf? I walked away for a little bit and D-Rob loads the bases? That's not like him! Get out of it Houdini!!
Way to go, Steph!
More peeps u should follow!
And I got a sunburn... Including a worse farmers tan -____-
Tonight's Bollywood film sans subtitles- I THINK the heroine lives happilyeverafter w/ her gay schizo murderer bf...but could be wrong?
Thoughts on desk?
Heard jazz band in Santa Monica the other night. The kids were amazing.
My body forgot what it's like to lift weights. Where's the Advil?
time to move out! goodbye milwaukee! :)
NO STOP IT LOOK MAD GOD
lmao my bad my bad
haha yeah and cold stone :D
U Cant Say Nothin Bout Id Until U Try Id Doe..
But wanted you to know that you're me! Heard Kickin' In and Shady about 50 times each! Shaking my ass!!!!
The source didn't say there was no more bandwidth; said that to add a channel at this point, would have to have clear $$ benefit.
OMG It looks beautiful!!! <333
RT : The last time NC put an Amendment regarding marriage in their Constitution was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
i miss you
Slides support the words. They aren't the words. Think of the Disney example!
I can care who u like its just funny to me u jumped ship when u was the one talking shit that's all and it's funny
we haven't voxered in a while
Ok Bloomberg.....
Remember we're the one who offers FREE city wide pick up and delivery!!! At , we want to always help out YOU out :)
stop hurting #BlockB and
Received nice card from John & Patsey of Jacksonville, FL. Thank you Patsey. Posted content on facebook if interested.
Thank you everyone for following !!!We'd like to send a special shout out to for all her help!
Girl: I want you to be my boyfriend forever Boy: I dont. Girl: Why? Boy: Because then i cant be your husband
I find that to continually remember who i am i have to look in the mirror of God's Word.
Psst...your owner is still Dan Snyder RT RG3 becomes a Washington #Redskin today. A new era? God, I hope so.
needs to stop being a little bitch and leave
I got some jahlil beats type shit? Need some like that?
I want to say "Thank You" to all the #Greeks out there who are fighting to break free from global #Banksters. Greece is the first domino!
i cut watch,wits did?.
Feels good to audition for a character you truly connect with :)
just gave my dog the PK Dick/Blade Runner Voight Kampf empathy test, she's real--now you GOP candidates...?
that was a great interview!
Congrats! Please DM us your name, email address & where you are applying to claim your prize.
There have been days when I've resorted to office vending machine pop-tarts for lunch.
Print is dead.
Always, Always, Always, Always follow your dreams and never let anyone or anything stop you from living your passions :)
A broken Spirit... the storm is OVER & the sun has broken through... BUT Continued next tweet
same for yhu b he lives 20 min away frm yhu lol .. Why does our life sucks
just might hit the sunset strip tonight!!! Who downn?
look right you twitter name booty freaking cakes okay...get it right...
I want to do something tonight
Wrap up and stop playing on our side of the field. I want to see 1st half's D back out there. #let'sgo
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
I was saying your mom is love
Top 5 Topas bars in Tampa? Any suggestions
I like the way you think!
great by the way i got my report card i pass all my classes i'm happy but my parents said i have to do better on science
Marquis Teague with the fresh new kicks
bitch I feel good..
BTW...best place for a hot pierogi is Grandma Helen's Kitchen on Broadview in Parma :)
RT Getting my skirt blown up in this crazy ABQ wind. Sorry, no pic. // Darn! ;)
New FB Pages private messaging tool: msgs were more negative than public. Not integrating until can pull into their existing sys
Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of Robert Kennedy Jr, died of asphyxiation due to hanging, CNN confirms.
Diversity on Sherwood will be opening at 8 AM on Black Friday!!! Tons of sales!!! Come early! 8 am to 6 pm! DT2 has sales but normal hours!
Looking forward to a great day tomorrow, Auditions for Aidan at NYFA....
Just had my sushi fix. I'm about to go HAM on this nap.
RIP Vaclav Havel, poet and playwright, leader of the "Velvet Revolution," and first President of the Czech Republic, 10/5/36-12/18/11.
don't think that will work since I'm way down south in Griffin
I laughed so hard when you washed the chicken. You're so funny! Love your spa party.
Muybridge google doodle just in time for film foundlings week.
that sounds really good.
Awesome! I went to school there - great school
for sure!
Sync. Watched that video yesterday.... I was recalling where I first heard the concept of immortality. And found the vid.
Move over Reggie, there's a new Miller Time!
Fact: workdays are long. Evidence: the number of times I click "I'm still listening!" on Pandora.
Gonna miss you. Good luck with your next team
haha i heard that! craziness! worth it though :)
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
Awesome, happy driving! RT taking one DT to pull permits! Such an easy way to commute & the free parking is a bonus
I think an AAR session would be great. I could talk from a public history side.
Boy Shopping (: with
hahaha...true! This is so not the parade I remember when I was a kid.
thanks! It only looks good on accident, but thank you anyways :) haha
:-) RT : Watch'n 4th and Forever
Got my first Xmas present from my wife! A book of rustic terrines. Can't wait to get started.
It's sad how people act when they get alcohol in their systems. Learn to control yourself you look like a fool.!
REMINDER TODAY at 9:30am. Rescue Of >> Go Team #GTTR Check It Out Have A Good Day
lol right I'd prob jump outta the car.
At the Movies.
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... ( www.myspace.com/djnlyte812) (www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/) God Bless
I have no idea what the fuck he said I'm just going long with it lol
y'all are some cutie bootys. I'm pooping. -Zach
glad you enjoyed your treatment
I'm thinking about seeing Think Like a Man. Heard it was good.
Oh hey, I got a job.
Mt. Carmel HS (PA) was the last #HSFB team to reach 800 wins. That was last season.
When girls lie their ass off<
We are born in this world as it all falls apart; <3
Having a great first day at the !
...and I'm fucking pissed off again. Don't think this cycle is gonna change till you get your shit together. It's still not fair to me
Doesn't get much better than ellie goulding on the subway this NYC morning
We seem to get so confused when someone else "changes", yet expect others to love us when we do. Always keep an open mind!
“: I'm really liking this shave gel. Thanks for the recommendation.” We are glad you like it!
Listening to Design Matters podcast talk with Maria Popova. Can def. relate to her story about moving frm Eastern Europe to US.
is this the Bruce Bowen theory?
1000 California Foster Care Homes Match Sex Offender Addresses: Report - Huffington Post
you might not be able to under stand her sometimes but that the great thing about her she's amazing!
lol yea i wouldnt do it too :)
updated the look on my blog. Now if only I can remember to update the blog
So I just got back from walking around the apartment complex and I have never saw so many worms in my life it they were everywhere
Rackspace Releases 2012 Green Survey Results
haha what area do you live in?!
oh ya!! Boo!! Are you done with them all??
Oh! Yayayayay! We NEED to hang out!
Just getting home from work to my new king size bed....babies don't even sleep this good
we definitely do not want backpacks, but yeah a notepad would be worse. I was hoping for iPads
Smarter than the average bear booboo! ;)
If u cant hit me up before 10pm dnt hit me up period. Cuz this aint that!!
not being sarcastic. I agree that he's been sucking really bad, but I don't think it warrants booing him at the park this early
he got a twitter?
representing Wellesley only way he knows how-“: Seconded! : "Great session, ! #NERCOMP12"”
#ConfessionNight...my real name is Jasmine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lol
I be on my twitter shit, she be on tumblin
Good movie. :)
I will! It's been a while since I've painted and all my supplies are just collecting dust.
Don't forget to comment once about your favorite reason for coming to Orange Leaf for a chance to win today's gift card!
the best around and I thank God for my team.
I think I am the type of person that would benefit greatly if I lived alone on a mountain with a horse to fuck...er ride. Hate my life.
Headin over the #carrierdome to watch and the number one #orangemen play marquette
You're not taking advantage of the visual element of these video interviews. They might as well be podcasts.
Wishing you a very wonderful and prosperous 2012.
So much to finish on my To Do list before tonight's TrailBlazers game. Must get out of bed...
i'm proud of me and you, because i'm a good teacher and you learned some things in spanish on skype with me I'M A GOOD TEACHER
with friends with copious amounts of booze.
Man wait to Rondo get a shot he would be the best pg in the game.
The tent has been moved!
oh. which poets?
Thanks, looks like you are doing some interesting work with timenetwork. RT : god bless minimalism. Great work
Man, fuck Sriracha. Crystal is where it's at.
Submit your images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com!!!
It's more a case of the iPad already being an awesome road machine, but then how to add capacity for writing productivity as well.
Holla! I believe they are a little too bright for Grandpa Bill's taste, though he he
Kaiser chiefs and walk the moon! Tabernacle tonight! Thinking of you all
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk. -Meister Eckhart
Enjoyed meeting you and hearing you speack when you were here at Lake of the Ozarks! I am behind you all the way!
RT this and I'll TRY to make a long #imagine. - Blanka :) x
Just got done listening to 's new podcast, #HeresTheThing and I loved it! Can't wait for the next episode
I've never been a big fan of Hootsuite, or any other twitter app, but today it's really pissing me off. Just f*ing work so I can do my job!
Sleeping while my parents do p90x
Boston baby
look for one called noki hd
It's Schnitzel Day (Schnitzel Tag!) at the customer site I'm visiting. Schnitzel and fries in the lunch room. But no beer to wash it down...
We have found a pair of glasses in a black case in the International Ballroom West at #CILDC - please claim them at the registration desk.
Live life to the fullest don't be afraid to laugh and always be yourself. There's no point of doing otherwise.
The cat who wants breakfast, there is no button "off" :D:D:D
the relationship i have with Alpha Cinthia Baez is a unique one because she doesn't trust me but she trust me with her kids
For the first time in life, I'm being anti-social...co-workers at the baseball game and I'm chillin'. : )
*Sings "Here I Am" by Monica*
Molly Lynch shares research and tips for dealing with incivility. Participants at #PUP12 conference suggest sharing annoying behaviors
Hey Dudes! is packed with some hot exec ladies tonight!
#nw The Wood. I can quote this entire movie! "Keep the change!" haha
yeah u right..
RT Great game!! Congrats Kentucky ! U all were great all season.
check out the #Europa Wrap up show tonight at 8pm est
Is gonna Kick!(you in the nuts)!
Chapter 2012 Page 59 of 366 In awe of the power of Viral Marketing.
a lot of attention so we decided to take
to much stuff should of been here
they're too expensive & I would have to take the sat or act
Yeah u right. Stay up bruh......
how do i do that lol
Teaching is done, grocery shopping too-ugh!So much to do tonight-but not before a quick nap. Then I suspect I might be ordering Chinese food
no prob. Others like hootsuite as well. Both will get the job done.
Lmfao at aries spears making fun of charles barkley on espn
excuses excuses. Shame on you little sister. -_-
Life is what you make it so work hard and stride
Now that you take credit cards, it's possible that you will bump sbux down a notch & become my #1 addiction. cc:
stopped in at <U+5C45><U+9152><U+5C4B><U+6B63> for a late-night snack and thought to himself that if he had to have dinner there every night, life would be just fine.
our school lol on the football field
so it appears that it does matter what kind of coconut milk (can) one uses to make a whipped topping. working on a glaze w rest of can.
It's been hot, sweet and milky #vavavavoom. Have been drinking my coffee iced, however.
No one can change us. When we know the truth, the truth gives us a reason to change.
Congratulations to on earning the #1 spot on this week's CMG Radio Network country chart for his song "Love Doesn't Live Here"!
CB radio expression truckers use over the radio to find people to talk to late at night on the road. Got ears on.
please talk to me i act normol
OSU Libraries OSULibrary Study late at Thompson Library - now open til 2 am Sunday-Thurs Spring quarter!
ha! I will be sure to vent fully! Thx for the tip! :) boarding now finally!
Your movies are terrifying and awesome
Aviva says CEO search to take all year
lol my friend said has a nice ass and she wants to squeeze it xD
indeed I am wearing them at this moment!
- you got the gist of it, but its much broader, deeper and inclusive.
Remember me?
Which would you choose, true love with a guarantee of a heart break or have never loved before?
But annoying is an adjective. Just being serious...and anal.
dude i see yuu!
Covered many protests. NEVER seen one with more regular folks than hippies, more little kids than college kids & cops backing protests. cool
Planned parenthood exec director at rally urges women vote in upcoming elections. "no ID needed!"yells someone in the crowd. Wiunion
Any Pro Wrestling Journalists or Fans want to chat?
“ I need a vacation Asap !”
see you soon o.O?
It's been almost a week of not having to wake up at 3:30am everyday and I'm rediscovering what it's like to be human.
Interesting! I haven't interviewed a bona fide musician since a show preview for Kansas a few years back, of Dust In The Wind fame
good luck! (:
Bite your tongue RT : I'm bored and the brewers gonna lose
Never thought that the Honey Nut Cheerios bee would be caught up in a sex scandal.
What Case Do You Have???:)
If you don't make it onto the list for the Gates Foundation tour at #mlanet12, there's always the New Member SIG business meeting! :)
hey, no texting and driving :)
sweet! Same here. She was left sleeping on my bed while i'm off to work :( i'm so sleepy! Lol
Very True! Good thing I am neither. I do have tennants that struggle to get by every month. I feel for them at times.
Biology with (:
RT : BEER #FACT: #Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world (behind tea) RT if you think it should be
what the help does do to earn money, besides wear a suit for no apparent reason?
Auto-timing (transcript synchronization) has increased number of YouTube users adding captions.
Thanks for your order of CleanStart You are going to love the results!
I've had it since the beginning Unfortuantely Hahahah
and that one thing is me! But everyone has stepped up!
Okeey doke, can't wait to talk to you :D
So glad you came! RT : Lots of useful non-profit info last night a NetSquared. Wesley Faulkner was awesome!
I don't care what time a day it is...I'll eat cereal...I'm just bad ass like that.
What is stylish about faux fur that looks like you are wearing a mangy orangutan with a bad dye job? Skip it.
Happy shopping
Happy thoughts today guys! Its Friday.
I love working out to Santigold & Cursive!
#WeWereCoolUntil you lied about having a twin to get more rations
Dude, I got Landsharks from last August!
Happy Mother's Day
The Last Policeman, Ben Winters upcoming book.
It was great the kids really enjoyed themselves. They look forward to it every year.
Love your pix, have a great interest in crop circles...is there a group of cclovers amoung us?
“: Six o'clock comes way to fast” completely agree.
But it's good you worked. For, you know, the pay and stuff. (O_O)-b
- Do you have anything else to say to your Mother?
Means as much to me as Dungy liking RG3 more than Luck, which would be absolutly nothing.
I dare you to let me be your one and only..
Delusion is when we think love doesn't matter.
I wish! Can't wait for my
We work harder at trying to be who others want us to be than we do actually figuring out who we are. My challenge to you today: Be You!
OurkidsASD, our sister company, is selling MOTHER WARRIORS, Jenny McCarthy's new book, AT COST for just $13.50. That's less than amazon.com.
RT : Congrats to on signing a 2 year lease extension! I recommend you check them out if you haven't already! Gr
Hey , any good venues in Orlando that you can point us to? Maybe we can play a show with you guys on the 26th :)
I wanna start back going to church !
Lol... I don't think you can.
Omg ikr! Haha nice to know I'm not the only one :)
I'd rather have the enemy that hates me to my face than the friend who hates me behind my back
Accordingly to regulation, if said pepper spray is made a component of the pizza, then the resulting pizza has become a vegetable.
Power outage in the Engineering Building
has a cooking show?! Best. Study Break. Ever!
DM We would like to update you on an engaging curriculum bundled with a dedicated digital textbook program we are leading for WI.
fuck yeah. Fuck them all! It's time to take care of you!
Amazing pizza & ping-pong! is giving 35% to on 4/26. You won’t mind waiting for a seat.
I know I will not get a reply from u because it is impossible !and I know that u also can't reply all who admire u !
Testing the galaxy s
Thanks for the retweet Adam! Almost twenty years now and I am still loving you !
Chris Anderson is way too clean cut to be a pedophile
- Thanks for the RT. See you (and himself) at one of the upcoming Summits.
Wow this new & video is comin out crazy coming soon so stay tuned
Starting a new website..!
HOLLA at a CHAMPION on Wednesday Dec 2 at Karma Lounge, Greenwich Village, NY for the Tastemakers party that night!
Happy Hump day Boston!
The recording for our new EP is nearly over! We hope you guys are ready for this....
Crud. Just realized I forgot to prep for a work meeting tomorrow morning. Need a file I can't access remotely, didn't bring my laptop. Grr
...first world problems, I know.
Bein an Indian tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
story of our lives. #whatcityisthisagain?
Try "The BC" on The BIRN-Berklee Internet Radio Network with DJ BiGMAN for the new best music coming out from the UK!
How many of you ran the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon yesterday? It was a great day for running!
Super excited for today's BIG performance vs watch me live on
your right. Your totally right. Your eye is twitching cuz how I'm using "your".
Not in person yet. I'm not sure what I would do with two Michael Schechters in my life.
Hey, my favorite (other) Beth! :) Doing well, working on a new category romance. How's writing by you?
props to your late studying tonight! In 13 hours I'll have your champagne ready for ya!
right now with Seattle Alumni - Come have a glass It's #HappyHour #WAWine ^aef
Great Woman'sDay reggae concert last nite w/ 2 of the I-3 & an amazing 7 year old girl poet. Met Mutabaruka,reconnected w/ an old friend:-)
Ridiculous. Did all that media really need to be there? RT Jets had over 200 credentialed media at Tim Tebow presser today.
Everyone is a hockey fan all the sudden?? Ok...
What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
A marathon is just a 10K with a 20 mile warm-up. #marathontraining #bostonmarathon via
Thanks v. much for feedback! I will compile these comments from you & and pass them on to discuss w/the team.
Awesome. Any epic plans?
Rep. Mason: "We have a proud tradition in this state of the WI idea... Let's talk about what the UW system means to the future of WI."
I'm doing the only thing I know how live my beautiful life
I appreciate your confidence!
wearing some right now!
no RT Ciroc taste so much better than Grey Goose to me!!!
but yeah, occasionally they really hit the mark
listening to from discussing user experience innovation
#DontYouHateWhen you get to taco bell and its closed!
RT : Actions Prove Who some1 is, words just proves who they wanna be
Hi Jon, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Kicking off the Dietitian Summit with a fresh smoothie and info on the #GotMilk campaign
Lol... On to the next one
mornin lol sorry we r super late
Ah #SDN you never fail to please
there are just too many ways to go with that one that I can't even respond to it. Joke overload...
we are so happy to be on your shelves!!! but not as happy as we are when fly off the shelves!
the 2001 I just read about from sounds delish
WE LOVE making it a wonder-fuller day at Park Here everyday! RT Big shoutout to Everyone melts in your furniture
seriously i don't know if anyone told you this, but a teacher kind of has to talk to teach
You should come study at Bulter with me. Just walk on over, I know how much you love your strolls.
Creating all-natural soap for sensitive skin
Happy one-year anniversary to Mandy and Lucio Gonzaga.
where did you find it?!
Nationwide Verizon 4G outage
come on
Why couldn't it have rained when we were stuck in a museum? Why now, when we must drag our bags up and down bridges to bus? BAD Venice.
remedial balling and striking ...
Damnit! of you saw THE AVENGERS! I DEMAND! you to take me tonight!!!!!
In Lancaster for Chameleon show tonight.
off to Indy for a few days :)
What's the purple zucchini? A Sasquatch?
congrats bro!!!
People honestly need to stop moving their mouth and just listen.
U may think da grass is always greener on da other side but if u take da time 2water ur own grass it would b just as green
Watching these Spurs blow there big lead as usual
Have they ever had a first kiss? -Amber Schlosser from Indiana!
No twitter, Facebook, Google, or much texting for the next two weeks. Game faced! Wish me luck on my finals!!!:-) :-) :-) :-)
The fact that you just said "the coloreds" tho... that's my cue.
Long time. What's the news?
I'm eating everything in my sight tonight...
luv affordable great wine - anyone can find a great expensive wine!! The challenge is $15 or less. Keep up posts like this!!
of electronic files for print or machining operations
Nothing, I'm just venting, not serious!
Monta Ellis Named Western Conference Player of the Week
haha o well we will just forget it.
Thank YOU! So glad you had the time to register and check us out! Feel free to give my code to others you think would enjoy!
i love how your words mean something valuable(: thats a reason why your my idol<3 love you xoxo //
I love my group of friends. Love love love them ((:
Good for you! That rocks!
Got a new space... Getting the keys on Tuesday!
who could deny these butterflies?
Google ad asks: "Done writing your poetry?" I hear my grandmother's voice, doggedly correcting young me: "Food is done. *You* are finished."
She's worked with tons of people. I don't think she views Gaga any differently than she views Nicki, Britney, etc.
Time for socializing ! See you guys there!
just digging into the new book. Its great! Thanks for the %/grams measures! Any signings in Milwaukee?
it's a shiny brown lol
I looked it up haha. Pshh I'm dying to try out nando's though! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
best google doodle ever
I think my body is shutting down forever. It's either Jappy Juice or the muscle relaxer the nice black guy gave me last night.
That's very 007 of you, Jen.
Sorry my friend.
is most boring tweeter ever. about to unfollow...
HAHAHAHA at least your brother can tolerate them! my brother hates them
Trust issues < but I have them
seems like fancy #foxnews rhetoric for: "we don't have any real intentions to end this war."
A3 (cont) but ask that question in a year or 2...with companies going public and having to make money (ie: facebook/groupon)
Two questions 1. did you go to jr. prom and how much did you like it? 2. will you feel terrible if you miss sr. prom? Go to SD
Girls tell you how they feel, guys don't ever say how they're feeling. Therefore, guys are more confusing than girls.
Starting my Friday off with some ancient aliens <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
As long as you love me..
Happy birthday !! Love ya like a fat kid loves cake!
"I'ma live life live, I'ma get what's mine."
Autotrack is great for tracking info, says Alec Klein #ire2010, but pricey. We use Knowx.com at Sunlight, cheaper (but limited) dbase.
RT : its that #keeperstatus that got them lining up- lol yeh u right
I wish I had napped longer. Or slept better to begin with.
What is the 1 thing you can do that will have the biggest positive impact in your life today? Do it!
I don't care about your imperfections, that's what makes me adore you. :)
She gave me some nasty ass Emergen-C . Ew <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I have to play games on my retina iPad with iPad 2 graphics because the developers haven't updated yet :/
GOODMORNING FAMILY & FRIENDS, I WISH EVERYONE A WONDERFUL & BLESS DAY. AND KNOW THAT GOD WILL BLESS & WATCH OVER YOU.
holy crap this is aggravating I just have to show it to her I guess
Now I won't have anyone to cuddle with all night :(
Nba Playoff's April 28th .
what if you instilled an system of relegation by average like they do in Arg. it's complicated but saves
Hey if you like metal would you give us a listen:) we put up a new song "some kind of fake" :)
Yes please! I'll take a Chicken Roti,right now! “: i need someone to create a 24 hour roti delivery service.”
Support the Artists!
Follow these dudes and tell all your friends about these guys.
yup, its killer. no flash all HTML. Need v8 or v9 of Chrome.
was it that obvious?
I just really like steamed vegetables STEAMED CARROTS
Well, that went fast. The 10 half price "cornelius" tickets are gone. Maybe we'll do it again soon.
We'll see if we can drink away that unnecessary desire for success
Nice day....need something fun to do!
- Three Men And Hartmuts Face.
stayed home today.. hah.
Struggling to fit yourself in the puzzle of life? When we allow ourselves to be placed, instead of forced - good things happen.
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." Enjoy your monday everyone!
Not too observant if he didn't also notice the Wall Street bailouts.
aww I call ur ass to see if u wnt to go to da zoo
Apparently my phone didn't receive any text messages after 1130 last night...been hearing from people that i ignored texts. I didn't! :)
so excited to partner with you guys!
Listening to Chief Flynn and Margaret Henningsen speak at the MANDI Awards. Great MC picks.
you probably wouldn't care, but imma still tell you anyways! Lol well, today I had my first break dance battle and I won! :D
Why do I love you ? You don't even care ..
#Brewers split squads are both down in the 3rd inning. 4-0 #Royals 3-0
hit me up so i can link up with you before #partyriot #may27th ... its LOS ... get at me
welcome :* « thanks babe RT ": 8:09 « what time does 1st period end?»"»
Are youu serious?!?! :D
Hitting the studio in the am......
Chinatown Coffee Co has 808s and Heartbreak the album
what, are you drunk?
No, learn to read. Formerly means "not working there anymore."
Where is the Whiz going?
hahaha you win this time. Yankees suck hard right now.
Omar and the yam.
Jesus knows the powers and pressures of this world; He loves us and wants the affection of our hearts.
Danny Granger and Paul George swap for Melo? Would it work?
Thank you for the retweet friends!
Raise your hand if your #highered institution has a "committee on committees." #sharedgovernance only in higher education
I want to go to Yen Chings Friday. Who wants to go?!
yo gabba gabba called they want there anal plug costumes back
#Oomf just sh!tted in the public bathroom.. smh lol u know who u are!
One is too many.
And we ouuutttttt
Hey Josh! I'm already wanting this next season to start!! What types of players would you like the Pack to draft this year?
is silly <U+E056>
And on that note....bout to put iTunes on shuffle and take a long shower and sing with the back scrubber.
Brining mommy starbucks to her school in St. Pete today after my exam #GOODdaughter (:
Asking: how can I channel my #creative flow now? Feel #joy, be effective?
arizona is totally ripping us off!!
actually this store called agaci. It's like forever 21
is playing at #RiverfrontTavern. Makes me more and more in the love with this place!
#salarmyweek. Compassion for people in crisis.
I am part human, half alien and a quarter brat.
only fags watch super bowl commercials
Sitting by the bear with paws in the air, waiting for something to happen.
I am really confident they will understand a lot of new stuff below than anybody else!
Touch it by monifah my jam bby!!!!
Fsck you and the tired meme you rode in on..
i am officially done with my senior year in college...now onto my 5th year. senior year again.
Enjoying a Southampton Keller Pills at Best summer beer!
Was just talking to a friend abt the MS store. Did you buy anything?
We're so very sorry to hear of Maurice Sendak's death. Goodbye King of the Wild Things.
wish I could be there
#GetBetterCam cause the fans LOVE you! <3
Cooking up some breakfast. Starting my day early.
Celebrating child abuse prevention in Louisa- great group of folks focused on strengthening families
RT : I think it has a lot of potential, I genuinely liked your site:) #BUZbuz / Thanks much! We hope so, too.
i think it's because faulkner's name is part of the Matilda tattoo on my arm... Happy Morrison Day!
I love your new pic!
Miss you!
i know the Giants build through the draft, what i'm talking about is possible scenarios is all
not to be critical, but our local post office needs more window people compared to those that send packages.
Believe in yourself! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.~Norman Vincent Peale
Hey Rated N. No, I didn't watch it. I read about it.
it was so bad. Ah atleast she's trying Lol
We have so much time and so little to do. Strike that, reverse it. Roald Dahl (1916 - 1990)
RT : Here's to you Mrs. Robinson.
8/23/2010 How Calls to Action Can Generate Monster Leads MarketingProfs
Ima send some awesome presents to and ;)
JOHN GLENN!!
Not everyone around you is your friend, remember that.
Sorry. Now back to your regularly scheduled programming
#BasicEconomics - Capitalism is a PROFIT AND LOSS system. Funny how lefties never emphasize the risk of loss those evil capitalists face.
fresh perm...hair looks & feels great!!
hello friends! we come to rock toon-ite at burt's tiki lounge 313 gold sw w/ and Broken Water (myspace.com/brokenagua)
Happy Birthday!!!
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us
thank you & for the #FF yesterday!
Yeah, I'm super chill now ;) Hope you are doing well!
Ok maybe I'm not going to sleep right away.
Thought that only my Facebook has been hacked but my twitter too...
Happy National Raspberry Tart Day!
of course.
That's on now? I wasn't expecting it until Christmas.
God damn I don't want to go to class.
If you disturb or interupt me while im in my process, i get so freaking pissed off you dont even know...
I have been searching for a lake home around the madison area. If you have a property or know of a listing please let me know. Below $600K.
Per Ann, Mitt is really "wild & crazy" Especially when he dances on his Krugerrands!
The Friday office adult drink is a straight gin and tonic
2011.07.03 #Twins 9 #Brewers 7 | The tables are turned / Crew returns home happy that / interleague over
It's 10:45? What? When did that happen?
A woman bought you into this world so why disrespect one!?
thank god atleast ill get to see some of it
Is his Twitter handle? Is he now aware of your love?!
Sign 1 that my gf hacked my Pinterest account: I don't know that many people who repin awesome looking recipes.
Which memories in your life would you choose to erase?
Thanks! RT : good looking out.. I'm on it
A productive day ahead. :D
“: #Aries are not air-headed. They're one of the smartest signs.”
i love nature as much as i love you
hell no, that dude was ugly!
Holy fucking pain
Hey Crazy Train car commercial kind of weird to me. They're using a song about heroin addiction to sell Hondas.
Senior scholars need to take the lead in online publishing experiments
Oohhh he reversed it
Question for any school libraries w/Overdrive: what is average price per ebook? As in how many ebooks would a $2000 credit buy?
on a mission to find a great skin care line.
just don't want that lost, saying something didn't matter is a strong statement ;-)
Had an amazing week in Nashville!! Can't believe we were in the same studio at the same time as Faith Hill and Keith Urban! What a week!!!!
How 'bout those Avs!! Winning a shootout 5-4 in Detroit. Love this young team! Yip scored winning goal.
Cuz you thought there was more to us but you knew how this would end its gonna end how you expected girl youre such a masochist & I ask why?
That amazing moment when you figure out how to fix something that has been frustrating you.
I never knew nats could bite...
50 more invite codes just sent out!
slowing down to live fast.
Sometimes being a DD is more fun than drinking. Tonight was an example.
Ugh thunder!:/ i dont like it!:/ But everyone be safe!:) Hoppefully the lights dont go outt!
When the fuck are they going to open a One Direction store in LA??
what was that math site again?
MT : weather forecast makes me happy to be traveling to Green Bay for A bit of respite from upper90s stickiness!
.: "Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing." ~Albert Schweitzer
I'm leaving for FL for a week on Sunday =) beach for a week! =P
Maybe they know something we don't.
Yes! Let's do it! When Robin can pick up a fork.
When your gf doesn't go to the same school anymore /: but she's not going to school for a whole week just to go pick you up<3 :DD awe ^__<3
Eddie* RT : *Samantha :} RT SMG don't pick Eddie cos he sucks, so pick me.
yeah and i get that a lot
Where is that at? Karaoke Spin Class
goat cheese, Swiss chard and caramelized onion makes for a great quiche
Don't let our 50% off CanvasPop deal pass you by- www.crowdclick.com!!!!!
Sometimes its just me making jokes in my head w\ a serious look on my face.
I am resisting the geek in me to go see The Avengers...
#NoPointforSecond Wow, that was amazing! The judges made Season 1 unforgettable by choosing chris rene!!!
thanks! miss ya girl :)
My CD "Coyote Blues" is available at Electric Fetus. It is in the "Roots New Release" section. It is also available at Hymie's Records!!!
Idk how my phone is working. God loves me.
Wife just had another baby, its a girl...but now im feeling the effects of parenthood, AGAIN
Awesome. Awesome! Funny thing, I was just thinking about the need to start tackling this stuff again. Perfect timing!
AirConditioners are rated by tons of refrigeration produced by melting 1 ton of ice in 24 hours.
Skinny is back
People who get on a plane with an uncontrollable cough should wear a mask
“: A little early, but tequila shots for everyone! #CincodeMayo” Never too early. Whip out the Patrón amigos!
Back to fuckin' business.
I am hating life so much right now. And no, not because of my previous tweet. The love of my life keeps eluding me!!!
We love you guys! Thanks for all you do.
Minding My Business is a full time job, so I Won't be minding your business cause it doesn't pay a damn thing. LOL! ~ Lisa Morgan
"This too shall pass." Always gets me through the rough times!
Bought a carton of banana milkshake and I'm now drinking it out of the carton in school
Richmond truly is a shit hole. #richwhat?
my heart goes out to the woman that lost their lives tonite on lake and cicero in a car accident! smh
That's weird, it just came up fine on mine and other people are voting. Maybe you need an updated plug in or something?
YAY. A STORM. and i gotta go to school in 30 minutes how cool is that?
You and I will always be together
How you react to success, says more than the success itself..
from my exp not really. Too much theory, not enough skill building
That one kid in your class that always has to remind the teacher we had homework.
that's ridiculous how are you on the phone at the same time?
Great reel!! You're so cute!
Dis bus is so ghetto as fuck
Good morning!!!
Happy Good Friday everyone!!
Remember me and bare in mind, A faithful girl is hard to find
Cute clothes :)
All this trouble for people that only know how to turn left?
we'll be in the air reading at the same time--perfect! Can em each other our thoughts when on the ground again =) cc:
Spirituality for LGBT Blacks is also a predictor of happiness. The more spiritual one is, the more happy one is (self-perceived)
probably coulda bribed me with an offer like that haha
Thanks, Tina!
So yeah....going on a roadtrip...via the TRAIN today...I am nervous, excited and scared...OH MY! :)
At an EPA workshop on connecting mobile/internet apps with air pollution sensors. Lots of discussion around making complex data usable.
I love how Justin cares 4 others & would help like charity or even visiting ppl in the hospital like mrs bieber 4 ex: he's just so sweet :)
February is #AmericanHeartMonth. How do you stay healthy?
superchic!!love you lovely disco!
Thanks to everyone who has been praying for me and encouraging me as I set out to begin a new chapter of my life!
When is a new vol. of Top Chef Quickfire cookbook coming out!? I want one!
You can get a webmd app?!?!?! You know how much easier that'll make me diagnosing myself with cancer everyday?!!
Sounds like a great idea!! I may have to come to Tallahassee for the Grand Opening!!
it took me half an hour to figure out how to tweet on the new site.
“You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
What's up what's good? Singles 35 n up come on out to TryOuts for our singles cocktail party. Located @ Babcock & Eckhert
.'s fave dance instructor is Maurice Johnson of ! Thanks for sharing.
you snap your fingers when you argue #ButYouAThug smdh nope
when next year? If next year hell know im not stupid rose and deng are out till at least january of next yr lol
you and your broo are the best . (:
I will be participating in another Flea Market on May 19th....More details coming soon =)
NONE Of My Relationships NEVER Have Trust -____-
Good Start To The Night With Those Sorry Ass Celtics Losing, These Old Ass Spurs Are Next.
ill trade places with you! Get me out of Wisco!
#YeahILoveThat u r with me nomatter what ppl think..
wait till we get to the steak pics...
.thanks for the follow..
SO happy & proud to have worked on 's mag, EVO, which is up for a Marketing/Comm award! Yay!
Watching #Scandal. My god, it's pretentious.
I would send them, but I know that it's just not enough. My words are cold and flat, and you deserve more than that.
Booking models in Naples!
well I was judging on performance and they both give an awesome performance with dancing and singing simultaneously
Color blind people are probably wondering why are all these people wearing red today...
A dusty bible is a dusty life...
In parked car at IKEA with two sleeping kids...jealous? RT : Quick poll: You watching Tiger (golf) or Elite 8 (Hoops) today?
I can believe that. You're a whirling dervish (always wanted to write that ;) glad you are well. Take care of yourself.
"F*#% that, all in! Mods don't take s^£@ from anyone!"
u nuh why because u should have come to NY lol
you had the weirdest comment. So i came up with the best i got lol. Its the same as people putting balls of cocaine up there
The kids are gettin ready for a shoot in Snoqualmie this afternoon. Hoping the rain stays away.
New Album Update: Things are happening. Stay tuned.
play Gone
“:That awkward moment when someone gets Instagram and instantly thinks they're a professional photographer.”
I'm ready to start school monday
lazyy.. I had to leave an hour early anyway 2 catch 2 buses. And on 47th and cicero.. $650 utilities included..
how can u tell me if i care or not ?
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed. - 1963. -Harold Macmillan
Great project on co-expertise! Science and art orgs have a lot in common - letting go of authority is a challenge!
I'm not a smoker, but if I were, I'd peace out for a break about now...
We are sorry?!? What an ongoing disgrace to the church.
Going back to #MSB tmr for another round of observations!! :) #montessori Can't wait to see the little kiddies again! G'night peeps!
any future plans to bring Data Dive to Detroit?!
Never subscribed with RSS...wish I had earlier. Love following through Google reader, too. Makes things easier!
It kind of evens the playing field again. With Rose healthy, the Heat were never making the finals.
thank you!
Whhhoooooo it's Sunday. Have a blast at church everyone :)
Or get new adjectives. (:
It's time. ": Mike Leake is 0-5 #Reds"
they picked him up??
u know it
The '60's version of Dragnet was silly. I'm assuming the guy wasn't a hippie, though: it seemed like the criminals usually were.
umm no u do dang u know his race ;)
Love watching young singers perform.
Theatrical cut*. I need to stop saying words in my head and not typing it out.
alright .. see you then
it's not bullying if you do it behind his back, right?
¤ In America any boy may become President and I suppose its just one of the risks he takes. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
is the TRUTH. Can't wait until my next appointment!
Rep. Jenne point out that the business groups supporting bill for insurance companies actually operate insurance companies on the side. Ouch
I'll take it to you while you're in school
Join the Friends of Globe in the GD lounge (Brown 303). We will be walking over to Main for the 2:30 meeting.
I just got another DM from a biz saying "We wish you would follow us on Facebook" I should DM and say "I wish you'd stop with the DM's"
Heated enclosed Pet-Friendly Patio is perfect for any occassion especially HAPPY HOUR! (Tues - Fri 4-7pm)
Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday...
I know i hope i do get to travel and shit one day! sounds fun..but for now ima cali fool trynna survive hahaa
Just finished a wonderful (and delicious!) banquet honoring our RCD seniors! We'll miss you all!!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting :(
The entertainment i'm getting from watching this moshpit and eating quesadillas
''there's a lot of great almosts out there.''
i haven't seen it, but now i want to
right , right , but I just got me these pf's they cold.
Some nice #Rockwell calendars coming up
Oh, I don't know! That would be wonderful! RT: they going to sing as they serve? Cast of "A Christmas Carol" preparing dinner
Oh studio time today!!
Q4: We just have a picture of our log.
slow falling snow
be jealous
Hi Doug! Good to see you here on Twitter. Hope it works for you. Sometimes hard to get into the swing of it.
Right now denver needs a big with fresh legs like mozgov or koufos...
What are we doing about requiring building owners to maintain the current historic buildings?
Do you have #kids? Check out the #toys we have at www.dealshow.com up for auction right now, most start for just $1 or $2!
Tonight I ended up singing Mimi for the first time in donkeys years. It still holds such a special place in my heart.
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before. Why? The crazy economy and real
They look great! I love having my Twitter handle on my business card too- so much easier than having to write it on!
can please follow me?? I'm low on love right now
So many couches so many fires
Late tweet oops $2.50 Tuesday!! Qtr lb Regular Beef, or Polish Beef
I know #Bills fans split on VY. But I truly believe he gives team much better chance to win game if Fitz is hurt than Tyler Thigpen.
Just bought #SisterOfMyHeart! Have you read it?!
Be still and know 'I AM' God. Psalm 46:10 Give yourself the gift of #stillness to know your connection to God, #Lovingkindness and
Congrats! Deserving. Eagles and free-agent G reached agreement on a 5-year deal, $25 million deal, including $7 mil gtd.
I'm going to be sick of the NFL. Of course I'll watch because I'm a lemming, but I will complain until I fall off the cliff.
Need a cut with Lauren today? She's got an opening at 3 or 4! Who's gonna take it!?
Of them all gonna be with you.
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night. She's a real superstar.
Pierre is trending! Go Saints!
Time for a bike ride with on this lovely Sunday!
lol im just riding around wit my bestfriend tryna kill time luv
My throat must have the devil in it! Why am I being cursed?!
yea dude gotta love that emotion. Dirt nasty shot from the woods.
Aw, how sweet you are *-*. Thank you. How are you? Are you going to the BTWBall?
That awesome moment when Austin Mahone says
Happy Monday! Another beautiful morning at Pineapple Willy's Beach!
After bringing the hurt at the #blackjack tables to the tune of $10K the other day ... now I'm kinda scared to play again! LOL
I wanted to emphasize my crafty side, and less so on my hellish side. ;) Not everyone understands me like u do. HA HA.
no I need Motrin and a nap to relieve the charle horses
#FitWV Friday | Share your tactics and tips for healthy living. What's your favorite workout? Favorite healthy foods? Etc.
thankz so maybe wd should talk now well now that u followed me!!!
and I only say that because it is clear that Phx wants it more than preds, at least right now that is what is appears like.
You are so freakin gorgeous, it is distracting. :-)
taking short nap ;) Cheers! :D
#tdwg task group convener needs a "certain amount of moxie"
Good jam seshh at Vibe Asylum... Got some new songs down tonight soundin cherry! See you at Imua Lounge Mar. 30th!!!
You're a little late on the OJ story. We interviewed the author in early April. :)
...[pt2] get public dollars 2 attend PRIVATE schools. They get more bc those colleges CHARGE more. That's not right.
sour cream pringles are god
I got it...thanks
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I can't believe I'm up playing this. LOL
Setting my alarm 12:00 am just so I can wake up & be first to tell my best friend happy birthday(: love you
yep which made it 10x worse lol ;)
Since when is it lame to dance?
Trying to link facebook and twitter
If you don't like something about the dream you're living, start by imagining it the way you'd like it to be.
yes we are!(:
Recovering from a week of craziness, but things are great. Been a little silent on the social media front but will soon rebound.
#cfaleadercast #Leadership "if you want to be cool, don't be a leader." Pat Lencioni
": Your contact on my phone is: "Dont Answer"" I have a few of those!
we follow you, be fair!
Hedo days is only 3 days away. Total Baccian Delights. Naked people, naked things -but a slip-n-slide, a bouncy house, a sex tent, included.
yeah, i shed myself of the name, so to speak. moving on...
8 inches gone!!! Layers! Side bangs! Time to go lighter.
RT.... if you are single or are looking for someone special in your life <3
& you were correct, typo on my end! Should have read whole grain!
Tune into this Friday to see me and battle over leopard pumps.
good! You better clap for me lol. They moved it to Mizzou Arena if you didn't know!
your that dude
plus they're always part of longer hops, I think the US Air one I take to Columbus starts in Maine & stops in Boston before PHL.
PLEASE RT. follow me I follow back! Also check out my YouTube channel !
I think the most good looking person I've seen in a while is my mirror. +2 Ego.
Thanks for the
Stagecoach County Music Festival wraps Sunday
make sure you check our site for for the latest reviews, news, products, videos and Home of Royal Gaming Nation
Thanks! Likewise!
Totally get that! My wife is similar. She'll watch SCREAM, but (& this is kinda cute) not v. scary ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARKs.
RT : I live in St.Louis and use Twitter for PLN. I learn so much from others here.
As soon as it hit 12:01 Monday was bad.
We have another gift card give-away coming up! Let's get talking!
Well this day was wasn't the best. I learned a lot. Thanks for the lesson.
My birthday is 10 months away from yesterday :)
Check for leaks in your #flashing. Have someone spray water on the area, while you look for leaks in the attic.
Breaking news now: Casey Mchee is still better than Aramis Ramirez. Thats all.
Don't care about any money makers out there, I rather make my own and care about myself
The Dartmouth Aires are UNREAL! no question they're better, but knowing #thesingoff they'll probably be sent home.
okay I'm never watching that movie again. never again. I'm going to have nightmares for a month. I dont ever wanna look at a doll again.
I don't think anyone likes going commando, it's just that they are to lazy to wash a load of underwear!
Pick your poison
plan ur vacation
Omg, your birthday is on easter. ::OO. sexy easter bunny.
Last night was the night to play Bill in anything. He started early.
well go ahead if that tickles your fancy lol!!!
love you.
Cramps are not fun. Mother nature hates me.
ugh. What a nightmare.
ok now back to the graphics !!!!! What's up y'all? Dolomite is my name and speaking my mind is my game! lol
“Freshman year is all about learning how to navigate the college experience, and study habits are a huge component of that.” Corey Ariss
What's Up?
Ha!! Thanks for clearin that up for me ang. I was very confused.
Thank you for the #FF mention!
It's spring! Enjoy.
Lmao!! Lunch menu police: Cia Parrish
Merry Christmas to all the PUccias lover e non ciao
have no, no idea.
The ending was a bit melodramatic to me but it was still amazing! Sam is such a great character! Go finish your cover letter!!
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death - Albert Einstein
I love that movie, soo good :)
hi cat :] omg i've been dying to say that
my brother would be sitting next to rob kardashian in miami
Another quote I relate to...Diego Rivera-I dream a lot. I do more painting when I'm not painting. It's in the subconscious.
amazing what 6 months exercise and good diet can do I almost feel skinny twittering this morn away 8am yogi ,run an hour this eve-slim JimC
right. A lot of cool things happening. Like seeing action item. Free concert. And on a Saturday! Life is great!
When my boyfriend randomly calls me >>>>>>
I was wonder where did all da throw back wrestlers go they on this IMPACT WRESTLIN
No problem chief :D
Good morning! thx for the weather update! Now how do i get away with wearing flip flops at work....
My motherfuckin back Finna cave in if ion eat now
Will Smith slapping reporters now thats fun. Lol
Grilled cheese are pretty much the most delicious thing in the whole world.
will you give me neck?
my klout score is only 50 cries, bc I hate FB well, I love how it connects but it is committed to exploiting us. but only if we let 'em
Leave it to me to mess up my bosses email! Ah
Wis. elections board asking judge for at least 60 days to review #wirecall petitions. Hearing set for Wednesday
The digital divide is not diminishing. It has morphed.
Thanks! Let me know if I can return the favor :)
Heading up to Madison to see the guys. friendly wager this weekend?
I was in New York this weekend:)
Movie mode !
Laying in bed sick :(
Just don't get it...
I really don't like snow
dont do to much on this account going to start being more active :)
Would like to let u know that I'm going to marry :) will send invites soon <3
Tranzit guys are killing it and the crowd energy is epic here!!! Get ready for Chicago
What the hell? It's July 5th and people are throwing fireworks? July 4th was yesterday!
I was writing stand up comedy in my head all night. Talk about a nightmare. Pretty sure it's 's fault.
nastalgia hits... ah yes. mercury in retro? hope everyone is having a loving new year.
I Don't want to graduate.. Finally got comfortable going number 2 in wcl
So far I have one that is almost like that--it has to be ordered from Italy though :(
Remedial Kitten*
The now played their 4th season in a 5th Ward Frank Gehry designed arena, paid for by the Potawatomi's.
Great meeting you & Vee today! Excited to connect & learn more about Tribeca Teaches.
going to the movies. and out.. out .. out. for abit. hopefully it will not rain.. pelicans on the lake..
Is beautiful!!
great to hear that you want to come out. Just direct message u an address and how many u want and we will get them out!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously. In case you were tired of "Mr. Nice Guy", please just stick with regular drugs <3
Seriously, the App Hub dev site for WP7 apps has to be the worst developer site ever. 50% of the time things seem to function correctly.
#thingsmybestfriendsdo come to my house on my birthday and surprise me!
haha how does that even happen?
Got a monster in my pants And if I ever got the chance Gonna cram it down your throat Watch you gasp for air and choke <3
Million man march.
This song is so sad.
SXSW bound on the train with Adrienne....woo :D
Rapelisberger or Fitzpatrick?
#someday i will..look at my computer screen and have it say "justinbieber is now following you"
WOW! Another $30 from Christopher! THANK YOU! Come on! Lets help S.O.S!
When you follow your friend and he dosent follow back.
Thanks to all my teammates for makin this a great year
Went to see Seven Pounds. Liked it, I don't think I have ever seen a movie with a plot quite like this.
great portfolio!
please follow me!
I'd like to think there will be a big tour before too long! Working up new songs now, and there's a new EP on iTunes!
A great question from the #ICD10 forum: What is the more important objective-- #revenue neutrality or revenue accuracy?
If you wanna leave fine just don't tell me you love me.
Make sure you check out in the upcoming flick
Hello, how are you all ?
ha, so true!
but how would you want to be remembered buddy as a person people never liked or a person people loved.
You know they can BELIEVE Braun took 'roids but I KNOW Sosa used a corked bat
enjoying a cuppa real hot chocolate
Want to improve the contour of your neck w/o neck lift surgery? Innovative, minimally invasive option: Implicitguide® Surgical Suture System
"'What do you mean, "If I can"?' Jesus asked. 'Anything is possible if a person believes.'" Mark 9:23
#21JumpStreet looks so funny. keeps getting better & better, IMO
Yeah. Last night! (:
hi Brick Stone Remington!
Undead! Although unread is not inaccurate.
<-- now following
Teach is back on set for Teen Wolf tomorrow. Watch out.
why would glass sell now? because he could make about 200 million dollars
Great meeting with you today. Between you and , these Pre-Combine guys are getting the best of the best!
Birds of a feather DO flock together.
content and it's interaction work best as equal partners, IMO. I am, however, loath to disagree w the guru :)
We can just do jazz hands
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?<U+FFFD> <U+FFFD> Jackie Huba, author73
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
Some of the #OWS protesters are more BARK than BITE. You can't be taken seriously when you take months off!
Yup, this crap is never real but people keep blindly RTing.
wedding Dresses
PAC man would fight if mayweather would stop being a coward 50/50
“ real females live for today”
i see you riding that wavy too my dude! I feel you 100!
Just watched joyful noise with my family. I really liked it too(:
he will I promise(: Just don't give up. I'll even help you.
Now I have a headache!
it seems strange he caught everything Flynn threw at him but looked like shit in the last two games with Rogers
I just wanna go home, this is boring.
Any suggestions for the OneAmerica signboard #SuperBowl week, #Indianapolis?
Anyone else need to have everything straight, parallel or right angles? eg, today the treadmill was on an angle, totally bugged me 4 30mins!
Upgrading to Lion. I'm scared.
I don’t need social networking. If I haven’t spoken to you in ten years it wasn’t because I couldn’t find you, it’s because I don’t like you
Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best
Did you know that when you run out if sweet relish & add dill your tuna becomes Sweet & Sour? My dealing with boiled eggs this weekend lol
The absurdity is very appealing. I may wait for its arrival, munching on foodtruck grub outside
WIN 2 ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO LONDON! | Compete in the Royal Pub quiz TONIGHT | 7:30PM - 9PM |
not related extended family i must say.
Have you noticed some of the different writing styles lately? I'd like to welcome Mark and Luis to the team of updating our social media!
I love that everyone's finally up to speed on , but please stop comparing him to Tim Tebow. That is pure
BREAKING NEWS: is still pregnant. Her baby will be born in 2017.
5 likes away from 900-spread the word if you believe in the movement!!!
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
seriously why is everybody fake?
you probably dont know this country but greetings from Qatar :D
I'll let the loss side after witnessing Lee's human pretzel routine. Classic.
don't spam me. I might cry.
Better hurry up or I'll get locked in target.
I missed Detroit news... fine ass Glenda Lewis!
Bravo! good job for keeping the wheels of government moving!
RT : RT : RT if you really want a snow day tomorrow.
"If I was president everyone would wear cheeta print everyday!" Bitch the day YOU become president is the day I move to Canada !!
party outfit almost complete! Just waiting for my to arrive and I will be ready to party! #papercutmayhem !
O: Of course!
30min into Mister Nanny, we're averaging one feat of strength every 2.5 minutes.
Victoria Secret Fashion Show tonight?
I always #geotag my tweets just for u Scottie. #JFK #Delay #SOP RT : Where is ? lost you
RT : I pledge to #makeadiff everyday in lives of the children and adults who depend on me. Pledge with me. www.aft.org/pledge
had dinner at L'Abricot Patisserie in Tijuana, having their Ravioli Sampler, plus some tasty desserts. OK, so it was Mexifrenchtalian.
#Music is my "Påssiøn" #Ethic is opposite of "Pi†iƒul"
best wishes. i love yr poems & video poems &c. by the way. have i actually said that? they're awesome.
Every week, until all invites have been sent out or we exit beta mode and go public. This is how we knock out the kinks.
working on the current node.js project. awesomeness and fun.
I just got legitimately Rick rolled for the first time in my life.
Love your song "Texas"! U puttin it in homie!
there's nowhere else better than Boston for sports fans! Such a shame that the Celtics came up short last night :(
so u mad huh? I blew ur day already lmfao
As a matter of fact, Tony, It's chalk that is used so that his hands don't slip from the ball. Responding your question, no.
#youstayingsingle is the reason you bitch and moan all the time...not my fault you suck at life!
Thanks, Councilman! :)
OMG FOLLOW
join us April 2 for our Reno bus trip. There will be drinks, food, and plenty of fun! Above all, your $$$ benefits our program.
See us here. www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Al Qaeda To Osama Bin Laden: 'Fox News Lacks Objectivity,' MSNBC Not As ... - Huffington Post
Illustration, is very hard work, I need to hurry up and finish this.
DS: I'm gonna die!!! Way to go Pollard & Smith!!! YES!!!
all i care about the money give a fuk about the hoes
“: I wonder if my mortgage bank will take a byline credit as payment for next month's mortgage. Somehow I don't think so" so true
Now that's the kind of story I like. Visited in 76' and you brought back memories. Keep it up.
I Was Writing Riddles In Everyone's Yearbook, Who Figured Theirs Out Already?
RT : Sobriety Checkpoint overnight I-25 and San Mateo NE. 18 DWI arrests
Why is it that in almost every photo we have of , his mouth is agape?
Wow! Color me intrigued …
#ImThatPersonWho will be the new kid one day.. and be the nigga you look up to the next week
Thanks Cliff
oh wait the link should be in my tweets if i posted it on jan. 16 lol
Been looking for the zip-over #travel #pillow & having no luck! ? ? ? ? ? ?
Go online to register and secure a seats in our great workshops and seminars! Or call 212.594.9616 for MORE.
LOL. You've been called into family PC repair duty?
PR No longer any military importance to US. Jobs moving overseas. Employment rate only 36%!
+ = cutest friendship on earth.
Thank you. Come in anytime this month and get $10 off your first massage!
AT&T...how to describe them and their service. What adjectives have you got for them? No foul language, please. Good luck!
bummer. i still kinda owe you a lift if you need one.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
good morning! :) i hope you have a good dayy <3
A Tribe Called Quest
I would love to run up on 1 of these kids that are sagging and yell at them just to see if they will run or fall on their faces.
Hey Ryan! We miss you at !
gotta go get my tooth pulled today..
#DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!#DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10'S
Everybody Follow My Boy He New To Twitter So Fuck WIt Him Thats My Bro!
Bikini Bar Bikini Bar Bikini Bar!! FABULOUS MUSIC SHOW....BE THERE!!!
hahaha that was my reaction too! RT : NO!!!!!! :) RT : Hm what's the next shoe comin out ??
When something sound to good to be true .. It probably is
I'd like to submit my client, country artist for a feature on your site. Plz contact me to discuss. Thanks!
Chores Suck Ok . They Just Really Suck .
Tuesday 1pm mosaics With dotti at the shop only $10. W.bethsdiyworkshop.com
Morning at home: espresso, putting out fires, and preparing for afternoon meetings.
NY Undercover! I love 90s black tv
Kashi Honey Almond Flax + blueberry yogurt
Marquette is the fastest team in Tourney
no doubt. I love new phones!
Umm.. That's kind of disgusting. Who uses regular Listerine when they have minty fresh now??
Damn, tired kid...
Inside the theater!!! Great seats in the balcony. #AvengersAssemble!
Thanks to customer service!!
To infinity and beyond..;)
Are you (or do you know) an #Italian American woman 18-35 interested in a #research project? Follow for more info!
why don't you come with me ?
swag me out bitch
Work That Triangle Face ((: But No one Can Do It Like ((: Hahah
Feeling pretty indignant on Kacie B's behalf. She was confident, cheerful, drama-free, & too nice. WTF
Taking action to make things happen feels really good.
So proud of the team that hired, welcomed, and taught me proves that I got the best experience an intern can!
I told him I was going to class with Austin and he told me to say Hi to him.
It's great! Love you too!
I'm gonna be saying hello to as many people as I can today in honor of the day of silence. Interesting research technique lol
You know you are #inthehood when your portable GPS says, “Drive faster and put me under the seat.”
go figure that when i need to use my 'z' key the most, it's being a bugger.
loved you on
Please RT Benefit for Scott this Sat 9/17 11am American Legion on Kelly St
happy birthday to my youngest son!
10-23-83 Famous "Last Battle of Atlanta" as Tommy Rich beats Buzz Sawyer to end their feud @ sold out Omni. The winner? Crack.
Well my throat doesnt hurt anymore but now i have a stuffy nose! >.< rawrrrrr
Moving mountains - on repeat
So I cut one side of my yard, and ran out of gas. So I was waiting on my father to get home so I can go get more gas. Guess not anymore.
In your location I would suggest sharing Feed The D's Facebook, Twitter and Website, or maybe even consider donating.
Awesome background :) :)
I'm on an amazing weight loss/muscle tone product right now with great results if anyone wants any information let me know!
Good for you!!!
i wanna bake urs too
Fuck that bitch and her boy frd,wtf she thought this was..
We are going to start streaming our seminars LIVE. We are all set with the technology. LIVE nation wide baby!
#ff give a follow - Director of Communications for Athlete & Property Mktg group
"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." Romans 12:2
Sadly, my children are well-versed in labor laws. I get an earful every time I tell them to get a job.
Kayla brianna if you love me ft. best song ever!!!!!
Didn't get enough accomplished today. But it's my first night off in 10 days so I'm not gonna worry and relax a little.
I'm loving my Thinkpad, it's a t420 with a 120 gb ssd. It was a bit on the expensive side, but it's been reliable so far.
What do you think of my idea that Scott Parker might be a good addition for Arsenal?!
DON'T SPANK YOUR CHILD
do it purple! I want to do it so badly, but I'm still trying to go back to my original blonde. do it for me!!!
Yeah, really amazing and dominating. #BCHockey is on a serious roll, and I'm expecting a championship tonight.
check out George Hobica
Thanks and welcome all new followers. Be doing some giveaways in next couple days. You all are the best
My Gran Torino tweet is popular;apparently I'm not the only one watching it
There is a huge difference between training and learning
Do I really have to wait 8 more months till the patriots can try to win it again? FUCK
AUDITION 4 OUR HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST send your submissions to
Make a memory we'll never forget and whisper those words I never said. <3
You niggas should be shot in the fucking face with no Funeral deserved.
:( I broke my butt
Watching you walk out of my life do not make me bitter or cynical about love
it stops cramps and has more electrolytes than regular sports drinks!
My penis just threw up ;)
Happy Birthday!! :D
ok, thats good to know that you are trying to help us. (:
Your tech support is on this & we'll get it worked out. This happens. You all are fantastic and I am an extremely happy customer
I already miss comp season ;(
#Oscars tonight.So how's your favorite to win?
18 days of school till regents week.
No idea.
You better be! Go Bulls! Have Fun! RT I'm going to be the Bulls' lucky charm at the game tonight! :)
Can 10 more follow- for me? <3
Our first Daily Melt: Take a picture that expresses the character of each of your muds. Upload the image(s) to the blog.
ok i dont wanna give the HOLY STATE a bad name!
RT Would it kill my 6-month-old son to say “Thank you” just once?
Calhoun says despite lack of precision of keyword searching of abstracts/summaries, the effort is well rewarded by increases of use.
Client just completed a demo. IT group vetoed it. Asked me to bird-dog others. Will pass along any specific feedback I get.
Cool stuff with bes fran Jus like ole times
And no relation to World B. Free!
thank you!! I'm so excited and happy :)
Gooooooooaaallllll. Go Arsenal!!!!
our team is here looking for folks who may need a hand.
Fantastic discussion at Brooklyn heights synagogue this p.m. About the midlife
RT "Please, God, give me direction.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>"
WAT UP BIG HOMIE WHEN U COMN BACK DOWN TO PALM BEACH?
Hey moms, how would you spend the perfect #MothersDay?
So glad I saw Marvin Seth & Stanley at #wifilmfest. So funny and honest, and Central Minn may never look so lovely again.
Wingstop!!! RT : In & out burger or wingstop I can't decide -_-
im good just chillen u in Indy?
isgiving a 20% discount to all veterans today!
under 6' buzzed hair. : Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
thanks congrats to you too. I found out a couple weeks ago and I was getting curious about who the other ELs were.
Hello Goodbye Atlanta.
Plans for today are very confusing.(:
I learnedd how to play a neww game todayy (: # fun !
Good luck!! RT : I will return to Twitter in two weeks or less.
Boston, Massachusetts
I might just go to sleep in the movie theater....
“: The #NYSenate is adjourned until tomorrow at 3PM.” all done for today, but follow & notice again tomorrow at 3pm!
I'm not a fan of keeping jobs around, just to keep people employed. Otherwise, we would still have lamp lighters
Why ya'll trippin'? I'm just fine.
Hey Perry is it a mlm or network mktg co? Just curious as that is what i've been doing for quite some time.
Have a good time. Say hi to everyone for me. Love u!
"A dense fog lies heavily on the still sea. There is no wind. The swells of the ocean are barely perceptible."- FOG
I am thinking about writing a #nonprofit #article. Thoughts?
i love you
I have so much work to do its making me unmotivated to do it.
Dedication: ERIN MELLOTT, Love for ever.
Anyone have good examples of good Twitter contest landing pages?
Going to the gym now. BBL. :)
to infinity and beyonce
No #rooftop toursm 4 Gus. #Seamus aptly named.#Mitt was 4ward thnkg naming #dog 4 what he'd do for the #Romneys in 21st Century
I would like to work where you work.
if you like great music that's why we are following you, b/c we do too!
I'm at #pmase with my colleague Joy introducing folks to GATech's PMASE program.
Hey Janet! Great to see you.
Spring is almost here! Like this post if you’re ready for spring weather.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights feat Mr.V - See U Move (Original Mix)
#nyy #yankees We are the BRONX BOMBERS. We have not only HR hitters, but world class athletes... don't alter the prolific swings (cont)
where the hell are you?
RT : rocking that avi!!!! Happy Mother's Day boo!!!- thank u girl. Happy mommy day to u too
We are all winners in changing the lives we touch. BLESS US ALL!
wish I could “: On the move to with for happy hour. #openInvite”
yes please! Are you still going to OU this weekend?
Oh? Well thanks <3 ;) Lol I'm flattered. How old is he? I'm only 15 /:
www.efusjon.com/livealoha...much better for us
10 years older :O
Q: Why would it be difficult to be a police officer?A: It would be tough to be an idiot all day long.
Rockin my awesome boots tomorrow.... If it's not too hot
I have one lead but not made use of it yet... still prefer something different
Adele, man overboard, brand new, dashboard confessional
Off to Universal Studios Florida before the sun's even up!
i love you and miss you tons #just sayinnn
Essentially we get confused a bit about what retail is. It's really just buying things, putting them on a floor and selling them.
6" of snow for #MKE .. So....i proclaim "habitat for martini" day for me! Have to build and provide safe storage for a martini or three.
I was kind of hoping for a "Animal House" type ending with their futures, but all in all it was good. & will def. be missed!
Taking a break from coaching to grab a bite and sign a case of books. Really enjoying this group of coaches!
Need a suggestion for something..Could you suggest a song for me to cover in my new youtube video?
In Statu Quo => In the same state
I went shoppn and talk is still cheap
We can offer you better than Intelligensia! Try at Armitage & Western or , they have a delorean!
care ? cause i dont .
Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly!
I don't know why ted thompson couldn't here me yell "Take Upshaw!" Would've been great opposite clay
sad business
Oakland California, wbu?
"Competition breads excellence, brings out the best in us." "Yeah. Tell that to Nancy Kerrigan."
hi...re hi-res photo...we only have the web version
Happy birthday by the way amigo!
you all can suck my dick
i can tell .
haha was that a rap ???????????????????? Hahaha stick to Rock or whatever shit you listen to
. how do I get a refund? Park Tavern is offering the same package for $30 direct. That makes Groupon 50% higher. Great deal!
just give it time
Can't wait to start work
Sleep would be nice..
Why is it so cold?
A Matter Of Taste for lunch M-F, Baja Burrito, Yellow Porch restaurant, Grimey's record store, Basement (rock club). A start!
Really... Am I the only one NOT in love with Rachel Zoe? I find her so uninteresting.
good luck! I tried that 6 mos challenge. After awhile it felt like a 2nd job.
smart girl lol
Who said Gingers can't play ball....Bonner!!!!
Lesson for citizen projects: don't waste people's time. If a computer could do it just as well, let the computer do it.
this new flannel is awesome though
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust."
The National Suicide Prevention Hotline number is 800-273-TALK (8255) & there are other resources here available for our brothers.
I hate when people wake me up -.-
Economic issue-will Palmetto Bay council move forward w/ 2003/04 FT&I economic plans properly. w/infrastructure put in place ovr 1st 8 years
We REALLY want to see One Direction in Vegas. Like REALLy bad.
And in unrelated #Bachelorette news, the boy's name "Kalon" just dropped 800 slots on the Popular Baby Names list.
Saw #InTime last night - great concept!! can act!
I love the border in ur room...its so u.
I thought so too, but I'm slowly realizing that maybe this industry isn't right for me.
Who knows how to get someone to shadow you.
": Hey DIYers! What's on your spring upkeep to-do list this weekend?"Buy new
is looking forward to interviewing on
Has anyone seen the posts for YPG (YellowPages) for Indy on Indeed.com? Are those real? It's a Canadian company.
you're in Dallas???
Just finish the 1st draft of the "Richard Beavers Show." filming starts in 120 days! Wish us luck!
thanks for great lunch. I always learn something!
The Waiting List has hit #20, but none of them have sent in their registrations yet. Will open up to the public this Saturday.
OMG!! my birthday is coming up pretty soon but anyways God bless everyone; Hanging out with my mentor today!! =)
AJA doc is amazing. Those dudes are so great. Dunno abt Big Star - tend to think of 'em in the same category as Grateful Dead.
Great interview with about how running a virtual company & remote working. Tune in Thurs (4/19) 11am MT/1pm ET!
so true. He is a prime example.
Haven't seen Leno's Headlines in a long while. Still makes me laugh.
yea that's goes hella hard... Is that one of ur artist??
I just realized i only have 3 friends..
Striking out is one of the worst feelings.
Creating a GDoc of C19 kitchen references based on feedbk from listserv. LMK if you have anything to add or want a copy!
Reminder: tonight 6pm HIT Lecture Series: Eugenia During, Director Regional Extension Center, DCPA, Prybyla 320C
bet u wont say homies
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
Bryz gotta stop worrying about the holes in the universe and worry about the hole in his legs. Both of these teams are gay.
soon to be grilling some rib eyes from the organic butcher. Gonna try steak chinois-style. See how it goes.
cute ass ;)
Lechoke James, does it again.
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." -- Richard Bach
#2011icf Insights from #DavidPeterson: “I think everyone is coachable…they just may not want to be coached on what YOU think they need....
Great meeting you & looking fwd to next time. My thx to & , & likewise all at
Trying this out.
There are things that are scaring me to death. But I have no idea how to handle it.
its diff throughout the building. warm ups and opening are loud, because the players want to hear it
no... Im not. They are smoking some thing.
These roads need to get fixed.
"...It's not abt me it's abt u.." ~ Mourdock <- Does she know how 2 pick em' or what?
Cp3 About to break Tony Parker All Game
On average, 65 people become millionaires every day
Brewers are killing me...you guys need handles on that ball?
How's it going ? How big is your Little Man now?
Oregon Baseball Best Baseball Gloves - baseball gloves
well thats always a plus its your best motivation :)
Harrison Ford oh If I was 19 in the 70s or 80s I would so let you have me
Studying for your Math 3C midterm? Feeling stressed? Come to the Math 3C review from 6pm-9pm today!
Already followed you and I RTed.
I wanna see Clash of the Titans. I hope it's not stupid -_-
do you know who Phillip Parker was? We do. And we are at his house today in TN.
My only friend for the rest of the week will be Library forever #SelfControl pulling a goodbye (for now) social media!
Can't wait to get you guys in here for Brew with the Brewer!
Goodnight everyone. More #WhenAustin's tomorrow! :D
Mitt is on trouble with the bully stuff. Not because its substantive but, because now America sees him as James Spader in Pretty in Pink.
I feel so lazy
Huge news for the Thunder. Someone that can body up Bynum RT : Scott Brooks: "Perk is playing"
People are hula hooping at 10pm on a Friday in the Pearl. So Portland.
Hi Darren, I spent time last night trying to find the Women in IT Group on Linkedin - No luck. Do you have a link handy? Thanks!
Hey Milwaukee beer drinkers, check out the new beer blog by Dan Murphy. It's good stuff, guaranteed.
Bloomberg must be inspired by our hallmarks: His state of the city address is titled "NYC: Capital of Innovation."
keep smiling..we'll always support you <333
thanks Berkley! It goes both ways. Looking forward to working with you at
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.” - E. Joseph Cossman (entrepreneur)
help trend
Ive been told multiple times, by lots of people that me & look alike ;o Lol
Home is a place you grow up wanting to leave, and grow old wanting to get back to. ~John Ed Pearce
I really like Philly but I don't think they have the goaltending or defense to beat either. Fleury largest part of PIT's loss IMO
its going down.....we're going to the dance
oh static electricity, i have not missed you
fuck! bring the kids! i'm sure they're already familiar with the foul language in the show.
can you please follow me????
We are home!! Whose ready to party?
Amazing run!! Haha #DedicatedToMyWorkOut from now on!!
Into work late today- must start a Friday with some #bikram especially one this cloudy.
still waiting for my tax return, how long does it usually take..?
“: Now, red solo cup is the best receptical, for barbecues, tailgates, fairs & festivals. -Toby Keith” speaking of
M boneless wings :)
I know. Most of his Centric stuff is weak. I know there's better writing/production out there. It kind of freaks me out.
My mood just went from a 10 to a flat 0. Why tf do I even care?
I never noticed the Nutrition Facts on the back of Mc.Donald's chicken nuggets 0_o 460 calories!
thanks for intel. Let's hope he is apprehended quickly without further violence.
Check out the live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
"I fish where the fish are" is 1 of my favorite lines to use when telling an account there not worthy of a new neon, tshirts or any valuable
At Scott's Branch High School in South Carolina with Talking #newtechnetwork and
Damn it's crazy even grandmas got iPhones lol
Alright. Nearly there.
get off of what??
RT : I'm so bad at putting in effort, but if I see you are, I will make sure I do too.
I just want things back the way they were
the human mind amazes me, truly.
You Too! But The Good Way<3 And Yeah I haven't grew ;/ I hope I have my growth spurt.
lol down size!!
Hot tub time
bra i love bitches wit a nigga dat means less talk more fuck lol
looking forward to your simulcasts at MSKCC! Just wish your app was up and running...
I know the feeling :-)
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. ~Unknown
Order your Sweet Jamaican Jerk Gourmet Pizza Now! Chicken, scallions, carrots, cilantro & sun dried tomatoes in a sweet & tangy jerk sauce.
cool morning in #fortmyers #florida #swfl :)
That was unintentional lol
Lots of vegan, gf, And normal baked goods. St. Claude near Congress.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
It definitely could help to get this guy's attention.
Oh, let me know how it is? I'm thinking of going later.
brb while I'm dying as maroon 5 and wiz are performing together
no one can tell me who i can be just i will know when the time is right
We're testifying @ the to explain #SocialSecurity online statements should supplement, not replace paper ones
Trying to find a truck is ridiculous!
girl come on! You are always welcome!
Studios see something that makes money, and they want to emulate it. -
"La Traviata" was the best opera I've seen yet.
You are constantly reinventing management culture to make it work.
right n get a non venomous one too
WOW REFS I LOVE YOU
u fina come thru sues
And I know id be good at it
I figured out the neo-confederate's jobs plan. They're creating jobs for transvaginal ultrasound techs.
on top of being the dj for bolo bash, players services, life guarding, yoga instructor, bear den assistant. Can you manage it?
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or get out of the way!
alexis, gettin' the D from the cereal man? ... probs not.
"If I had a penis, I would name it 'Secret', cause it would be strong enough for a man but made for a woman." - My friend, Mel. XD
According to a police report, employees of Extreme World were found at 2 a.m. repairing the ride that critically injured a 12-year-old girl.
Before #PILGF begins, I want to send special thanks to for everything she & has done for me & Team USA!
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed "I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER" .........
If your looking for todays best toys at the best price check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
hey Sharon :) sounds like U r having a fun day:) enjoy! be safe :)!
What is a Stella Artois? Find out during the #meet&greet for board nominees. Oh you can keep chalice while supplies last!
Great moments are born from great opportunity. And that's what you have tomorrow, ryan. Out of 10 tryouts you might be cut 9
Dental health is new secret key to canine longevity - Dentistry IQ
I mean really, who am I kidding here
Wow, that would be great. That's becoming quite an interest of mine.
I leave for china in 6 days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Boise, ID we play The Shredder tonight at 7pm with and !
a week later lol.
Thanks! I started 24 Day Challenge this morning! So far so good :-)
RT : RT : Side benefit of April Fools Day: forces ppl 2 think "Is ths story tru?" Which they shld do 365 days a year.
Should do another giveaway? Retweet if you think so!!!
the sport of champions lol
My friend Hal said, "Put something back in the pot."
hey i want to send a shout out to the people who r following me " THANK YOU!"REPLY BACK PLZZZZZ
oh so is it gonna be hard to get ride of? :(
Dang, well when i see you again ill pray for you. this time super hard.
you're a bitch and you're gay!!!
Ditto from this Baltimore PR girl! Short weeks for the holiday - blessing or stress bomb? We're not sure.
Way too many Steelers jerseys but other than that AMAZING! So many fans! Whats your 1st round prediction?
Now he sits behind prison bars, 25 to life and she's not in his arms. He couldn't bring her back with a bullet to the heart.
THANKS HE HAS RSV DOING BREATHING TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT BUT I NEED HIM TO BE WELL AND GET HIM HOME HUGS TO U
I love Cheez its too!
Excited about a new client within the financial services industry.
How many of you have committed to buying #solar if you win the jackpot tonight? #megamillions =
Boy, that is a great show.
Key questions: "Is the content worth sharing? Can it be repurposed across multiple platforms?"
You know the Motto always be prepared to show somebody how much you don't give a fuck!!!
RT : I PROMISE YOU IT'S ENOUGH MONEY FOR EVERYONE! DONT BE A HATER JUST HUSTLE!!!! SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE G
It's going to be a good day. I can feel it in my bones.
haha had the same thought
what i wanna know?! hhahahahahahaha
no I'm doing the San Diego R&R the following weekend, but I'll be there watching! Are you doing it?? We should def meet up.
Yeah, sure.
It's a good kind of fail though
Dancing with the Stars: So Many Tears, So Many 10s
waiting for my redeem code peas <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Ur not sexy when u make that face
It's FRIDAY!!!!! Have you become a Shastician yet! Do it before the weekend is over! www.shastic.com
Finally gonna watch this documentary on Wisconsin Supper Clubs.
Just 36 more days until 1D concert I can make it(:
hope u feel better. Is Papa Legba out though?
starts today – for the latest, #FF and be sure to stop by theNAT and see what we have glowing.
blunt ridin through the storm
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
Hey hey Mama Dakota!!!
thanks Andy, see you tonight!
": Three teams to monitor as trade talks for Tim Tebow pick up: Jacksonville, Green Bay, San Francisco." Why Green Bay?
"Shawty come and kick it at the swang."
that is so cute
Dear marijuana, I'm going to have to leave you for about a week :( but don't worry I'll come back
Underground blackberry farmers have planted their seed in memorial circle!
no ma'am.
I'm so happy that you all are enjoying them!! : Oh yes the meat loaf cupcakes are the best..
won't let me follow you
One way to hone your ability to attract life's bounty is to pleasure and treasure yourself.
send him/her to hell with all he's/her crap about Justin beiber.
Thanks! That's a good one that's retained much of its relevance over the years.
There's a few meetups. Search the hash tag.
so crazy!GREATEST VOICE of everyone and everything,die,but not in our hearts,my family is praying for her and the whole world!
“: FACT: Post Offices use 4 checkouts...unless it's really busy, then they use only one. #Truth” you mean walmart?
Community colleges receive $500-mil for job-training programs: chroni.cl/p69aBr
: n life u will meet 2 kinds of people the ones who build u up & the ones who tear u down But n the end you'll thank them both
Thats a really good idea.
Happy Birthday Kenny! Thank you for all you do for Justin<3 Lets get Happy Birthday Kenny Trending beliebers!
id totally love to. I go there sometimes to hang during SXSW but follow he's a stupendous comic in Austin.
619 Vodka is now available at the ! Get down there and show them some love!
Thanks for the RT! We're looking forward to it!
Unfortunately it's 's last day at Good luck in Chicago!
Woah! I never win anything and I just won a giftcard thanks to Sargento #mom2summit (This tweet sounds spammy but I never win ANYTHING)
"Hey!...You cant sleep when you're working on your dreams!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
#Health #Tip: Lower ur risk of a hip fracture when u take a spill by resisting the urge to stiffen up; fall forward if possible.
Thanks for the shout!
sending love ur way as always..Good night/morning :)
If you still have finals, good luck!
I have friends on fb that are doing it. They all have lost weight
I WANT A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM #CJWATSON. AND THEN STILL KILL YOSELF
Writing w/ this afternoon!
Happy Geek Pride Day! I'm going to the event to celebrate. A few tickets are still available!
Adobe bowling party's got nuthin' on our booze cruise but I only say that 'cause we weren't invited.
if you have under 600 followers I would almost automatically assume you would follow back either way..but..
Meh... gave French Canadian poker one final go this afternoon and broke about even. On to drinks and poutine!
I would just love to stay in my bed all day
Thank you for being so active and transparent on social media. That is wonderful you respond to so many Guests.
Just tapped Lost Coast Indica IPA.
Pregnant wife complained about Braxton-Hicks contractions,if it's false labor,it shouldnt be real pain,& Mr.Braxton,Mr.Hicks &their children
Maybe Build-A-Bear Workshop would be the only place that would hire a fourteen year old... Hehe... Might actually be fun...
These PDX "Wheel of Fortune" contestants sure do love the Bankrupt space.
It's true! Each one sounds funny. For me what rolls off the tongue is "coffee ice cream." Never have drunk coffee ever!
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
": A beautiful woman pleases the eye, a good woman pleases the heart. The first is a jewel the second is a treasure" We R both
Can't imagine the awesome pride of playing for one's country. GO USA!!!
I wish there was a book I could recommend. There are no solid books on recent PG Co history, may be some articles.
The production has wrapped, the warehouse has been vacated. Now on to post production. This has been a huge challenge, but great!
Can't sleep. Doing the mature and responsible thing instead; playing Starcraft while listening to "Around the Fur"-era Deftones.
Site developers: use login and secret question to email me lost password. Never make me reset it, then i will never remember it!
Life goals are necessary
let me kno I got u
Sign quick we need ya! Fans like no where else i promise you that!
toast with fig spread, brie cheese, slivered almonds, honey :)
your so ghetto that ur using a silly band as a hair tie...
voting for Baron and JR Smith represent the Knicks in the "Prudential Shot Selection and Court Awareness Challenge" AS weekend.
ikr that is an overly obsessed jelena fan!!!! :) haha
Big things are happening...
im sure you guys did!! I cant help but to laugh. :) and thats right. GINGER ALE. :)
Great! I'm interested to get your feedback on my admittedly "sighted-person" instructions. Suggestions are always welcome.
Thanks buddy. Much appreciated ......)
Only happy when it rains? then move to Seattle, crisis averted.
I'm gonna say no.... since I don't see them now.
Trust your gut instinct... If something doesn't feel right, its probably not.
OMG! I'm moving back to Chicago and working at Groupon!!!!!!!!!!! (DEEP sarcasm)
I just walked 3 blocks for some lunch & literally almost blew away. Why is it so windy?! Crazy.
CALL today at 12 noon EST for "7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer." Dial 712-775-7000/code 966637.
still cant move my hips......
i don't see your email. email me here
Hating that I'm missing another #SDCC. Always short of time or money. This year it's time.
after 10 missed phone calls, finally got to talk to ryan!! Plus jersey shore always cheers me up!
Im here!
Kony, Pinterist, Dowton Abbey... I seriously have no idea what's going on right now. Also, my iPhone doesn't recognize any of those words.
A Sky High Victory: Oregon wins NCATA title | Sportswatch
God if either Deng or Rose made those FT's Bucks would be in the 8th seed right now.
I also recommend homemade bread pudding.
yup. I love feet!! Lol
Since spiders are going to bite me, I would at least like to turn into spider women or something. Come on,
maybe people just wanting to think theirs is best, to justify the price they paid
In relationships i only want 3 things Eyes that wont cry Lips that wont lie & Love that wont die...
Trying to live a healthy life style but my parents keep ordering delicious deep dish pizza.
josh hamilton should be my idol
I need to find lady):
yeah....i dont know what that says because i have a crappy phone...
anything that i need to know thats good bout u
Sadly, no.
I'm pretty embarrassing.
Hello My Beautiful Mahomies<3 just let you know that I love you ALL<3(;
Great to put a price on it, even though we all know the #ocean is priceless.
Need following for new website! Actors, Directors, Producers. Post your video blogs directly to major Hollywood studios. Will announce 2day!
Well didn't I just ruffle some feathers with B Spears. Glad my love for music and talent is shifting towards Wynter Gordan ()
kill it man
hey new friends! spread the word about DriveThruStudio.com - we're pretty much a web-based prod studio taking it back to basics, u'll <3 us!
thanks. it's not easy, but chantix makes it easier at least.
Feeling' bad for all my #PSU #edtech colleagues... Such a sad day. the BOT made the right decision... A very hard & sobering decision.
any big plans for Vegas? How long are you staying?
epic drunk with
BIG post coming later today!! {HOT spring beauty trends!!}
Thank you love <3
cop cars and ambulances at holden and highland park way
So many ex wizards in this clips grizzs game. Can't blame em for leavin doe
@ eleanor, the gift of prophecy
imagine waking up one day, and being worth ONE BILLION DOLLARS
Was Sarah shooting her again?? Haha
This class is so boring
Mota's latest suspension serves as another reminder of how great that #Dodgers bullpen w/ him and Gagne was...on PEDs
maybe I am in the wrong field in Sales/Marketing, I need to go get a brokers license, NOT.....just say Im a broker
I wanna be rich forever too...i feel you Ross
hey angie this colby
Amazing that OKC's in top 6. RT : Top-selling team apparel @ NBA Store: Chicago, LA Lakers, Miami, Boston, NY, OKC.
Just landed in LA. Lots to do these 2 weeks!!! Wish was here :'(
i just want to hide under a rock and never get out :/
10 Commandments, this movie never gets old, been watching since I was about 10 years old
Friday Humor: " [Suggested simplified tax form:] How much money did you make last year? Mail it in." -- Stanton Delaplane
yeah he does. Fuck you! Its
Only way this might be better is if it's his brother!
In the end Tx robbed Cincy. Phillips, Hamilton, Votto, Bruce would be scary. No pitching needed.
nosy ass people stuck in my business <
RT if you are using today to recharge your battery.
wonderful 2 be connected, esp. when need 2 take deep dive into GIS --- you be the deep-dive champion w right tools & team members!
Mickey and Minnie's house will not be coming back with expansion. Right now they can be found at Town Square theater on Main Street
At the foxy .. Getting some inspiration
Idk why icontinue to put myself in dese situations
“: Me and were so cute when we were little. #dafuckhappened”
We came up with a super secret white ink formula. It has a matte finish with a flat smooth feeling. It's the best white ink I've seen!
It really was a fun movie...
I can't stand to see anyone in so much pain! :'( I love you and hope you get better, grandma.
Let's go Asheville :)
Rain, rain, go away...i didn't pack
A lot of young magicians have a tough time telling their family about their career choice. What are some other careers that are like that?
Sleep at night and I work all day, I can smell a coffee from a mile away!
Wow. Just wow.
Food trucks in Santa Monica rock. Beer brat, sauerkraut, and potato salad with pickles. Heaven.
ok i will start doing that. cause my follower count is sad
I almost started balling when I read this.
I just wanted to wish everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year! Do you have an #Acting or #Modeling New Year's Resolution? If so, share it!
Get Some Matty ;D
Morse is hopefully back in June, Nats are in 1st, & Caps rebounded from a lost season to thrill us for 14 games.
The process of crowdsourcing succeeds in engaging an audience, regardless of the outcome.
they need a lot of pitching.
tell me IM beautiful! Patrick you are a sexy beast!
TIP: get re-energized by giving yourself a full on lunch break. Relax and enjoy. Aaahhh...
My 50th tweet..... hmm PANCAKES!!!! ;D follow I follow back!!
Welp. Won that arguement twice. Jay is getting steamrolled
carved the pumpkins, baked the seeds, made the haunted house in the garage, just about ready for trick or treat tomorrow night!
#InstantTurnOn when they smile before kissing you !
heey(: uhm you should tweet me?(: your amazing. Love you (: <3
just underscored the importance of parental involvement in their children's education
You were pissing and moaning about xtians...like every other dipshit atheist. You have no balls or backbone.
awesome comeback bro
I hope the bee stings in your e balls(:
“: Thinking about getting another glass of kool-aid then knocking out” ii would like a glass to
Watching stream for #OccupyBoston He's so professional!
I'd watch.
Its going to be a fun year hanging with
Booking work in the Boston area for the summer including Jeni's wedding :) :)
Aww thanks!!! Were going and shooting promos right now! ttyl <3 BTK
I wish I knew. GOP keeps railing against Pres Obama for their own ideas. No end to the stupidity!
lily allen. <3
Sick catch by Matt Joyce. Also, how many infield singles would opponents have if it weren't for Carlos Pena? Seriously.
I hope you get lucky!
I am and I approve this message: RT : Best idea of the day came to me while eating lunch. Lesson?
English cream golden retriever. thank you she is an amazing puppy
Des was certainly surrounded by more than 1 idiot on that panel???
"occupy button!" OH in front of van pelt library
Mad black woman
Happy you liked the feature!
If any or your customers need auto repair or oil changes please let me know
not hungry man.
I'm still trying to learn about #Pinterest I'm hoping someone will fill me in!
Im going to be my own best friend, my own best influence and my own biggest supporter. Taking accountablilty begins today.
single Ready to mingle like christmas Kringle xD lol
questionable at the moment.. can you touch base with me on Monday?
I think work would be so much more enjoyable if just occasionally it were acceptable to smack the crap out of a customer or two.
everyone keeps tellin mhe ima hav to tell him how i feel soon....bhut rite now i dnt want to....-___-
Guess I can do Michelle William's hair soon, although that's not quite the style I had in mind.Who knows what I end up doing at that length.
we're on the same flight :)
if that...
well Hello to you too!! :D
is so funny to me!! Had me cracking up last night
Why aren't their cards for every holiday?
Speedy is finding big holes...Flowers gets him but he was gone
RT: N life they say u live and learn so y do ppl do the same stuff but looking 4 things 2 b different
totally open 2 suggestions on how scraps can stop the garbage men from stealing our garbage. anyone?
Thank you to all my followers for following me! I wish I could give all my 1000 followers a shoutout but that would take a year! I <3 u all!
Come out & join us today at 3 for our 3rd annual TX hoedown benefitting CASA. It's gonna be awesome!!
I hate Mondays.
He filed for divorce last week. His wife is trying to void the pre-nup.
I get up at 7 or so to get my G/M text in. :) That's the only reason i do it :)
it's the people parroting him that has me worried.
u always remember that song! Lmao
Awesome! Did it twice, it's a blast! Remember to put a handle on your mint julep!
I hate work so very much, stuck in a dusty warehouse having asthma and bad allergies fuck this place - Aaron
Thanks for the postcard! Love Eleanor Roosevelt. Still up & abt, surgery scheduled for June 8. Lots of arrangements to make...
Can't even hear the whistle. The crowd is obnoxious.
#inmiddleschool & #inhighschool u wanted me and I still never gave u the chance. Sorry
Hi Jojo! Hope all is going for well for you. (It's AnthonySEO tweeting for WESST.)
I'm a Jason Daly fan only cuz of his hot wife!
I know! That's part of what I loved about it. And it BETTER come back!
Think about the dumbest person you know. Then realize there's someone three times as dumb as they are out there. Doesn't that make you sad?
Oh, this I think makes THREE people who've indicated interest in our presentation!
idk... #YOPO you only practice once
Only in atl..we don't eat that shit here RT I wish waffle house had a drive thru....
looking forward to it!
my set tonight has every banger I've bought/created/found recently. I want to record it as OMG QUARRY'S SUMMER 2012 HAWT CLUB MIX.....
Should I be having a hurricane party or something? I feel so left out!
Thinking only hurts the brain....just do it lol!!
S/o to #INKCAMP the logo big as hell on my ass in the "ovation" video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Smack city tonight..
A "dabbling" duck means the duck feeds at the surface of the water rather than by diving.
Yeah buddy!!!
lolz me 2...sometimes I jus wanna pop in the face
Gotcha. So what are you doing now?
...still painting Great American Ballpark...not sure what to do next- Comerica or Target field? any thoughts?
how old is she
Zee told me about it... i been thinking about it
New myspace is crazy different!
You know how I know you're gay Cincy? You play Coldplay in your stadium when your losing.
Aww, this next serial is the last one with Leela... I liked her.
Cake is close to a muffin and muffins are ok for breakfast, right?
#ImGettingTiredOf 2011! So ready for new challenges and opportunities in 2012! x
“: The awkward moment when Dora the explorer finds out about Google maps.” hahaha
Philosophy For The Day: 1 = 2 How?
REPORT: #Brewers RHO Suppan suffering from stiff neck, lack of talent.
Been at the doctor office since 745am my baby girl has the flu.
I know! It's your wedding, not an etsy shop. It's your vows, not your linens.
oh ik! My best friend is weird :) its cool
we need to get the Sioux some for the locker room- ONLY sulfate, paraben phthalate free product for male athletes! LMK
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
Don't turn the oven or the grill on, let us do the cooking for you. So you could stay nice and cool in your own home.
Hitting the office hard today!
My girl runs everything.
OMG! Ur shoes rock austin!! Dont listen to him! (: the nerve of some people these days. Smh
Let's go.
I have an article I've been meaning to read called "Why Finish Books?" and I just keep thinking, "Because Finland seems really nice."
Maybe I should learn to text first!
Hi Lindsay - Carnivores unite.
Why so much Kobe hate? Why such a push for Kobe's retirement? I don't know about y'all, but I'm not ready for a Kobe-less NBA.
Seven weeks, but six to twelve months too late.
When Hart hit that HR my dog jumped so bad from my loud scream.
hm doesn't answer the question.
how many times can an athlete use that excuse?
Gonna go eat and I'll come back on before I go to sleep
I can't get nt out of a girl nt
see you this weekend!
Flying to Denver tonight. Praying that neither snow nor this #solarshower will affect my travels!!! Has anyone had any problems yet?
Not surprised to hear Juron Criner is excelling in OTAs. The #Raiders suddenly have one of the best up-and-coming receiving corps in the NFL
- i'm standing behind you [/creepy whisper]
Acxiom's Colclasure speaks about Building Trust Into Your Brand - from policy to self-regulation to awareness
lol... you know I love to hear stuff like that! So, did you finish?
i always say i'm gonna try & get on here more but i never do ): i miss you guys<3
I need to start going to sleep early
how YOU doin
Clear Stick Atlas
I hate you right now
Wow! Fight is ON! SUN BOWL and City of El Paso hotel tax dollars are IN!
what do you expect? Its womens sports
we're a clothing company based out of Columbus, Ohio who believes in connecting with people and making our products with love
So true! RT : If Simone Battle gets through it's because of Simon's ego.
Textile Museum members are by far the most fashionable people in Washington. Ikat robes, vintage specs and kimonos galore at the reception!
opposite side of the street outside of the Triangle fratenity, a proceed of every sale goes to charity today.
"Open to submissions of family scripts with around 6 kids characters and a pony." Well I better get to work! PONY 2012
We are twitter listing soon...............You might be on our list so watch out!!!lol =_=
My wish is for you to wish me Happy Birthday today!! ?
I think I need to find me a new one!
Aww, shucks. RT is one of my favorites of all time.
"His fingers slid down my arm, leaving a trail of heat along the way." ~ From HAVEN by SWOON
Happy Opening Day Detroit! If You are headed down to the ballpark, stop in and grab a dog and a pop!
Hurting yourself hurts others
Custom coffee tshirts promoting what type of beverage YOU are! What's your favorite fall drink?
everyone at just rallied to help a bird get out of the store.
Back when we all used to go ride fourwellers and had no worries Regan southern
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Separate checks please!
so wish you were here David! How is ??
Writing my outline. I think I might actually have a paper here!
your show
One last day of school this week.
I rather shop at kroger than walmart
Miss my damn stop!!
Good ass fight between Mayweather and Cotto. Wish somebody would have gotten knocked the fuck out tho
... trying to find the motivation to get up, go out in this cold and finish up todays cardio... moving in 3...2...bahhhh
ops sorry ladies. still learning this twitty thang.
Perseverance and Success often go hand in hand. Many give up right before success could even be achieved.
Have a fucking awesome weekend everybody!
And since corporations are people these days this includes a few of them too.
Listening to on ... She is simply amazing!
even #ModernFamily is getting tired it seems…
The awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you & the plans don't include you -___-t
Nothing like getting up for the sport I love the most softball<U+2764><U+26BE>
Bynum's body language is terrible. He's given up on the game. So frustrating to see.
Brilliant. I am trying to find ways to cut their text costs down. Of course that would be online. Thanks a lot.
Printing, printing, printing. I wish my printer could automatically add more stacks of paper to the tray :)
Dear people that built this house, WHY would you put a window in my restroom!? Sincerely, it feels like someone's watching..
missed a great carrot bow and arrow 8 to 9 workout this morning....stairs AND abs biaaa
what times the game today?
I just really wish i would randomly fall asleep like i did last night.
I guess the Browns didn't need him? lol RT : RB BenJarvus Green-Ellis reached agreement on a three-year deal with the Bengals.
Till the soil masterfully. Plant the seed perfectly. Water the ground graciously. Yet leave room for Nature to take her course, naturally.
Grades, done. 2011-12 school year, done. Cocktails, just starting.
Connected my iPhone to the TV using an apple HDMI cable. Now watching a movie & using a wireless keyboard as the remote. Works great.
when i lay with the fair maidens of Whiterun i always bring a potion of cure diseases. you never know what sort of wrath their caverns hold.
This is inception, I'm writing my dreams
Hi Nan, please send me an email with the details and I will take care of it: . Thank you! -Brianne
Thinking about GoogleWave, Google Groups, Picassa and
Hey everybody go follow for me and ill DM Justin bieber for you promise ask
Dear me: Dating her? Really?
An angel is nothing more than a being sent into your life to unlock a secret you've been keeping from yourself. You heard it here first.
Dogs are good people.
Note to self: don't get wasted the night before you have to move your best friend into a new apartment
Another ace-like performance. It's cool, Yo, St. Louis? San Diego? I can't tell their offenses apart, either.
It's nerve-wracking editing interviews, it's like having someone stare in your face for hours end.
<U+266A>Wheel In the Sky - Journey
just the facts Obama! Right on!
They either ended up n jail or dead. Which formed a new slave that affected their generation. One less to deal with Time we proved different
Thanks for the shout out Thomas - and Happy New Year to you!
that's what it means to be a "Nadalist"
Guys: Be the kind of Boy that you would want your daughter to date.
Driving around the lost city of Nashlantis.
Just booked for May, Memorial Day w/e fly in/fly out. Maybe lunch? “: Missed u at the Rembrandt Epic exhibit."
doesn't sound like it is related to a criminal case?
Anybody want to talk?
i did enjoy because i was late. Next time ill make sure to stay on the computer
I need all of your Prayers for Darlene Thornal. Thank you and Amen!
I wanna be a pornstar or striper
I just saw the strangest John Stamos commercial about Greek yoghurt.
Thanks for reading & sharing!
Once in the racket you're always in it.
Pleased to share student concepts with for their brand launch. Some exciting possibilities!
i loves ya too Tabitha, ur hair is pretty!!!!:)
I'm starting to think that the average Iowan's IQ is just a little above lukewarm.
when can you facetime?!(;
its gonna be on HDNets, I'm praying everything goes great too
LOL. Bath towel oragami! With a companion book on hand towel and washcloth accents.
Travel Picks: Top 10 scenic workouts
Season finale of TVD.
great, you're gonna make me watch Tori & Dean now aren't you?
the solution to struggling wiaa state hoops attendence? raise prices. that big empty kohl center isn't cheap!
like the new one
I know, right? Pudding in all forms is pretty righteous.
great article! Merry rummy Christmas! Excellent
LMFAO I CAN'T BREATHE I'M DYING CALL 911<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Can I have the boots wears in #TillDeathDoUsPart? Please? Lol xD
Love your tweets. Thanks for sharing
cool how r they doin
Is the AK the best battle gun ever for an infantry man?
Tyme for a SALAD SESSION!!
Robert Rathe, so great, right?!
you're a good friend. thank you.
People who follow me then unfollow like I won't see.. Mf , I can unfollow yo ass too. Stop try a get more followers stupidly t-.-t
yes I am in the LA group and I just found today && yes I am tweeting about Louisiana
Why does caramel have to be so irresistibly delicious??
Are the rumors true Circa Survive is playing at an Indiana Mall Anthony?!
"Sir," I replied, "I am a Virginian by birth and a gentleman by education. I was sent here by the President of the United --"
how do we build that trust in ourselves? I keep hearing "I am the worst " and "I can't do this" from others
i been working bby tired as shit how u been?
Ha! If only.. RT : A2 #TTOT best tip for sleeping on airplane: UPGRADE TO 1st Class
Our pleasure! Thanks for all the hard work!
History Professor
love and miss you!
-Yhu got practice today-!?
Speaking of too much change, too fast - Firefox 10?!? For real? Firefox updates annoy me to no end.
congrats, that's really cool :)
Trying to induce into "networking" it
ATV racing! Lets hope I don't flip!!!
Singing along with Tom Waits is the only sure fire way to get me to stop singing like a girl.
Plus everyone gets a bobblehead tomorrow! Win win for you Brandon.
HEADED TO MINK !!!! COME HANG OUT !!!
Excuse for talking to an ex : He's the only person I have to talk to... What fuck ever..
Nobody But You
Wake up in the morning to a fresh start less talk counting up the bread be the best part
Thanks for the mention. Happy Friday!
I timeshift everything. RT its amazing how much we record..we are relying on OnDemand to pick up the slack...crazy good TV!
FOOD TIP: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs. We've got you covered on Bay Leaves in Bulk!
then don't follow
Good hes a disgusting pig for doing what he did..
going to the library tomorrow to get some new books! woot woot!
He really has that affect on us, doesn't he? Damn Ryan Gosling!
All we can do is.. sit back now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !<U+2665>
I LOVE YA!
so I got all the evidence
": Coaches who is going to in Vegas?" Most of our staff will be up from Phx. Should be a good one!
Im sorry. Im allergic to things that make me look like a complete idiot.
aw thanks!! im happy you think so :) thanks girl!!! :D
that offends me. i was a pinoy in a past life.
OMG confetti cake blizzard!!!!
That shit better change when I move back.... I'm feeling a camping trip in the near future
adorable! !! I miss those days!
I have supersonic hearing now. I hate it.
we worked just as hard of not harder
Is in the mood for a Dos-A-Rita or Pina Colada.
I wish!
I miss you!
As a SysAdmin, how do you tell someone it needs to be done this way to work, but they reply, But it works on my computer >_>
Well duh, you're like amazing!<3
I love your paintings. I've seen them in person in Laguna Beach and in NYC.
Loving all these orders from new customers - and people are really digging the pear ginger pie!
bought it today! the movie was incredible and the music was even bettah
Follow us and receive great deals on our products as well as really innovative items coming soon.
WHO IS #Andrew Breitbart? I'VE NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
There's a juggalo up in English.
i used bleach water at workk today and my hands still smell like bleach. eww
hey are there any requirements to win that vita contest?
Most niggas talk to females looking for sex. Me Im just looking for a Friend.
I second that!!!
Join us tonight for the brilliant musical stylings of Conor Malone & hacksaw Bob – starting at 9pm!
Thunder are to much for the Lamers
plans to beg co-anchor Ben Bradley for a social media lesson :) I'm checking the schedule, yup - he's working tomorrow, sweet!
"she looks like she fell out of the rei basement!"
Oh vanilla latte high...how I love thee! You allow me to get so much done! Sweet bliss! :) I do not look forward to the crash later though..
I guess ima just watch a movie
Burning Man and WWDC have ticket access issues.
One of the most engaging conferences ever. Hort\nature science societies and free library of Philly were tantilizing!
POTATOES!....oh well I tried
What is it doing in town? Any idea where it will be?!
I bet that racquet ball court just reeked of vodka and gyros.
Tebow is a Weapon; Bigger Weapon than Sanchez.
I'm half drunk. It's my bday. My heads gonna hurt tomorrow. Ouch.
Its friday the 13th :(
Do schools value student evals as a measure of teaching/learning? Aren't we incentivized to give especially good grades?
Shakedown make this hour happy! The bartender is making some pineapple dreams come true. . .
Sleeping for 12 hours >
4 year old says "where do we go if a salami comes near our house" tough to say tsunami if you're 4 I guess.
May you die in bed at 95 years, shot by a jealous wife!
its a plane that Boeing uses to carry parts of the new 787 Dreamliners to factories
Can you RT the tweet with the number to vote and also DM me your email? =)
Eni mini decisions with precision I pick Or make my selection on who I choose to be with
But of course. I check my e-mail (which I believe you have) very frequently, or else you could call my house phone.
New Hip-Hip Mix In The Works...Make Sure To Be On Lookout!!!
Lol remember that dog
Allow no more than 3 minutes between participant interaction opportunities
Nothing makes me happier than to see baseball over with and college hoops back in action!
Friendship is 50/50. Don't always give. Don't always receive.
Come on Direct TV!!! I just want to downgrade my account. Been on hold for 18 minutes on the dot.
M...Nothing better than a Moji-toe Pedicure. Come in and try one today!
Scott Walker is a KOCH sucker!
These fickle San Francisco people were all like "GO GIANTS!" a few months ago and now they're all like "GIANTS SUCK!"
:)RT #GivingShow selects as week's best love leaders on
What companies should an art publisher talk to for ebook conversion? I want to join the digital revolution!!
#TeamLakers !!! Let's Go!
lol what seat is the 7x opener
omg i wanna see you so badly when u come to ny but the meet and greet price is $650... thats just way too much :(
I wish it was still the weekend.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
": Watchin this game" -Rather see you play in it next year big man. For the Browns...
That horrible haircut you get after your hairdresser tries to hook you up with her unattractive neice and you never call her.
Does anyone have an OS X 10.5 (leopard) dvd?.... im still running Tiger this blows... i could really use the help.
Check your coat pockets. All of them.
Sending a shout out to my bro Happy Birthday!
I need to change my ringtone and text tone
[-] any time. Gave me some good habits re: contingency planning & documentation, but even so . . . Impossible to eliminate all vulnerability
Your girl is Beautiful,Loving,Giving,Intelligent,Supportive in every way an that's still not enough...I swear some men retarded..
Organizing footage is a pain, but I can't wait to see this episode edited together. #Michael'sMatch
RT via Don't give attention to haters, here or anywhere. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
Woah, the pictures my friends from the STL area have posted to Facebook are crazy! Huge hail with tons of damage in the area.
gudd but bored lbs
Awww! Mini Sharmin. Words can't describe how friggin' cute that sounds! =D
Dumb girls, quit trying to look like us in photos... It's embarrassing to our species. Sincerely, ducks
Is there anything i can take to fast forward to 3:15 Sunday?
me too bro.
Cant believe I graduated from GU a yr ago...time flies! I am blessed with amazing family&friends & and an amazing job.
Follow Your Heart Flow-- all Love, no fluff. Tonight Urban Flow 6:15...
"you are a jock, no wait you're a jerk"
Happy Monday Everyone! Hope you all have a wonderful week!
What the Fuck ?
though I often play hard passages in 12 keys for practice, a whole hard piece in new key is hard (6 = D= fingering at times really all new
Ah fuck man. Another damn male friend request on FB.
So sad about Whitney. Rest In Peace. I will open my radio program Monday at Noon with a tribute to her.
"Come on baby (Shift that log)"
Some shit just dont make sense to me.
Insane crossfit workout w . Treating myself to some sweet potato fries to prevent fainting.
I just got back from the hotel, it was my birthday party(: and I'm taking my mom and grandma out to eat for Mother's day(:
FINALLY! They got it right. The first two appearances of the Hulk in movies was horrible.
The only thing I was doing in high school was working real hard, keeping my grades up and writing songs
guys with tattoos are my weakness
yay! Do you want to try and add those to the docs? No pressure of course :)
That's some hot shit right there.
I love that #MiltonChen talks about the rules of #improvisation -never saying 'NO' and using these principals in
:) Reason I asked is not all senses are listed in any one dictionary so non-dict similarity paths between two words might exist.
Wow... Well that's me not having sex tonight.
seriously homework? do you have to exist...i mean really.
HOW BOUT THIS I WOKE UP TO THE LOUISIANA POLICE ON MY FOLLOW PG. WHAT THAT'S ALL ABOUT??? WANTED ME TO FOLLOW THEM BACK. WTF??? NEVER!!!!
girl...I'm gonna...work. :\ I'd normally head down to the bay and watch the sun set from the pier. Hopefully it doesn't rain!
I teach my kids how to use it, but some of my colleagues are horrified that I encourage its use!
Folks I need to help Francine on the final things to get our #SOT project going. I'll be back after while. :-)
i did some more, but since the poster was so text intensive, they wouldn't fit. I'm happy with the end result.
Expect success when contemplating, planning, and moving in forward motion. Goals are in control of the beholder. Have a great week!
Safita is one of the most beautiful places in #Syria. I miss it, too. Getting to a peaceful post-Assad period will difficult
Separate teachers cadre for Haryana's Mewat - New York Daily News
Nomophobia, the fear of being without a cell phone, is the most common phobia.
also, i would appreciate it if you unblocked me on facebook. sisters? were close
will do
The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself.
Then you come crashing in, like the realest thing
Starting to record our second album this weekend at the Blue Room Studios
“Football is a game played with arms, legs and shoulders but mostly from the neck up.” --Knute Rockne
I LOVE them!!!!! Where did you find the recipe - I would love to give it a try..
I kinda miss ABC's TGIF Line up back in da day. Family Matters, Step by Step, Full House and Boy Meets World!!!!
For expansions, look to Seaside first, then Prosperity.
Hopefully he messages you back. And if not keep your head up. And at least it shows you care. It's a positive message.
RT : When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'then what are we fighting for?'
tld bae we was going to win this one
mr.wrong
Super excited for "celebrate 's new job" girls night!!! :)
Out fa the count
used my fiance's this morning - so much of a difference.
Some girl just accidentally ashes a cigarette on my tricep...time for shots.
banana and blueberries never fail! Pineapple, blueberries, and mango also
I really hate when I really need to find something and it's nowhere in sight! AArgggh!
99.94% of the time he is. This was the 0.06% he isn't.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you.
- only all too often? Not most of the time? Have never seen line used for someone doing all the team work. LOL
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "..&rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon d name of d Lord shall be saved.”
Let's go Saint Marys!!!!!!! Last Game of Season
I don't get it. #Nats game started at 1. Is it over already? Navy Yard platform already starting to fill up. #wmata (And it's hot in here!)
how are you holding up?
2morrow i think i will try
that I would be fine with
Thrilled to be seeing perform with tonight. Welcome to Indy!
Excited to hear and others on Saturday at the International Children's & Young Adult Literature Celebration!
dm me back
THANK YOU! finally someone appreciates my music<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Hey, Chris. Potentially. Let me send you a quick DM.
that song is so hot right now. it's not annoying, its amazing!!
Join us this SATURDAY at PIER 59 STUDIOS WEST, Santa Monica, for the opening night of MOPLA! It's a free and open event - 7pm-10pm!!
Thanks Fam. I Appreciate You Listening. New EP Out April 4th.
hold on i will get a pic of what kind of piano
Oi, yo need to tell you mama to stop wearing the blue lipstick
Sunday in the Wookiee with Wookiee is so nutso it's hilarious.
Hi - Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio... Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Friendship Phone Bank Monday, March 12 6:00 PM Shiloh Community Missionary Baptist Church (Pittsburgh, PA)
Mega Millions Jackpot is now at 476 Million!
Came into work on Monday morning as usual, despite spending 14 hours at Disneyland on Sunday. Yes, I do want a f*cking medal.
O and hay Shelby! lol. -izzy
are we no longer friends?
can you make a a bit more obvious as to how to delete an account? I can't find a link anywhere. Thanks
Thanks buddy RT : and Taylor Houchens ripped it up tonight!
Thank you for following! & for teaching our children such a huge responsibility Thank you!
All right, fine. After much reluctance, I'm now hooked.
Happy New Year!
We just got added to the show with next wednesday may 9th at ! very excited! please come join us... 7:30pm show
Great news Missy!
God allowed you to wake up for a reason today. Be sure to make this day count.
Yo GOD! Tell the damn teachers to stop giving homework
convinces me yet once again that #Michigan has the most fouled up state government in our nation.
Billy was a chemist's son, Now Billy is no more. What Billy thought was H2O Was H2SO4, hey!
lol i dnt think so you do have a future i believe you do(: im not smart Dx
#IfWeAreInARelationship you're going to have to get your body waxed a lot!
thanks friend. Thank you for making "the rule" list a part of your show this AM
For half an hour, I've been trying to figure out what that burning smell is... ...it's my computer.
I say we put the #Robocop statue right at the tunnel "Welcome to Detroit Canadians!"
you're a girl
yeah right... lol
Greetings from the Ward 4 town hall meeting! Recommend following for live updates.
Your welcome,Thx for the #Followback! Enjoyed your latest Post! Keep us informed, #BBN Mispelled latest 1st try, #NoCoffee!
Nothings going to let me down :-)
Big ups to my 2nd favorite NBA player 2nite Also, I dont give props to #espn too often, but bravo for streaming free online.
Studio Seven?
Welcome home, Mike Dunleavy, Jr.
Tweet to TV screen during tonight's vs. Lakers on ! Use #WatchWolves to join the conversation!
no sorry :/
those just sold
The life you choose is the life that brings out the best of you, choose the right life to live
Check out our 2 FREE checking accounts one actually earns interest! Plus mobile tech to help you with everything...
I'm still learning and ii suck ha!i've been wanting to do more edits of Nicolette and stuff but i can't.:3
what? No u look so much better than him
You bromantic you ;)
wait! Not that song the one that says shotchugging and brew pounding. That's where you say scary
There was money on the table with the bricks
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd probably get better grades.
No. Never again. ;)
Dumanis says Little Italy is liveable and walkable, and we need more of that.
I can't believe she actually thinks she will marry him.
Ariana I LOVE YOU!!!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> PLEASE FOLLOW ME :'( I LOVE YOU!<U+2665>
It's interesting to see the modern adaptation of the Sherlock classics.
yah were all fine we were outside for like an hour
We gotta write soon!!
did you get my email??
Absolutely speechless. Have fun getting relegated QPR.
he is out of Dallas Mavs.. said by REUTERS they parted ways mutually... and have u read the BASHERS??blamed
At an amazing history event by feat. DB Cooper, #kickass historians, burlesque, & bands-- love closer Oh Darling. Kick ass!
Eat fruits & vegetables for vitamins & fiber. Your body will thank you.
If your claiming to be saved that means its a way of living, not just an afternoon Sunday tweets for claps. It's a way of life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> ThatIsAll
see thanks your so sweet
4. Going to Mars gives humanity a second home, so if we are wiped out here, life will go on there.
Part of the fun of getting sick, is being able to re-trace your steps and figure out who or what you can blame for your current condition.
There should be action in the LSU bullpen....
Great NEW Wine Tasting kicks off today: 3 wines for $12. Malbec’s white counterpart-Torrontés grape, Malbec/Syrah blend, and a Rockpile Zin.
Tonight was atrocious
Lots of #NBA playoff action to talk about on the show today! Hit Troy up now: 888-640-9385. Watch Troy on #UStream. Let's go!
Going horseback riding in Malibu! :)
You'll feel GREAT after. Totally worth it. The concentration keeps your mind clear... somehow. :)
Wow, Modern Family all over the place. #
A1. Heard in a preso by that badging for product review writers inc'd # reviews by 5x at one B2B co.
*picks u up an spins*
ohh, didn't know there was one, thanks! Review for us!
like the girls in that really funny geico commercial say... eww. seriously? that was so gross
LOVE Y'ALL :)
Today is now Sunday. The day is here Sunday that we all give a few minutes to think of what we do have and have had in the past.
“#followfriday Because I wants to win some free comics.
All weighed in - time to eat!
Cant believe im about to see
My twitter is still the same c: .
The greatest and noblest pleasure which we have in this world is to discover new truths, and the next is to shake off old prejudices. —...
Don't know where #oomf and I stand and it is literally driving me crazy.
oh aw okay!
LOL OMG TYPOS.
Boy, in this sun you can really see that son #3's eyes are, in fact, hazel. Oh boy.
Hopefully things will be better when I wake up
good idea!
Also, do the parentheses befuddle the spambots?
New Transitional Housing Available in the Tampa Bay area. Contact Berith Ministries 813.410.8617
Big Thanks to Bill Phillips @ Sandy' Bait and Tackle in Tavares Fl. Sandy's has the whole line of Jethro products go by and see Sandy & Bill
Tune in and watch the POTUS talk to the UAW.
my TWITTER was hacked.!! sorry if you got a direct message from me saying mean things.. that was obviously NOT ME.. again i apologize...
Listening to "Don't let me get me".
Confucious Pick-Up Line: Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, "Fuck it"
G U NIIITTTTTTTT
false, it'd be good for me since I'd be eating his leftovers. Thanks Mike!
Of course. Enjoy the break.
tell me i heard that shit
so the pacers slap that ass tonight
That is so cool! I have major jealousy!
Redbourn post office is up for sale - Hemel Gazette
I miss the south!
You can stay in your seats for the concert, or if you want to go down to the field, we have VIP passes avail for sale to STh
is a big fan the phrase "pain in the a$$" and it makes me laugh every time he says it.
Columbus Day Regatta tomorrow- 20-30 MPH winds and 70% chance rain. Lord help me. The things I do for my hubby :)
Female DJ of the Year - Lady G
will you be my Valentine? Bahaha
I will now fall asleep while streaming John Mayer's album on iTunes.
Off to the air port son!
: : I like key math, though it's curricular alignment is a bit off growth exp. are close...
hahaha oh yeah and have lots and lots of cute mixed kor/mex babies
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great weekend!
Best baby shower gift thus far? A brown bag containing Samael and Collaboration Not Litigation! The crib is awesome but...
Dirty #genocide, yet #CleanEnergy? #LOL Sounds legit. #UN #Israel #US #Green #Palestine #Nobama #Netanyahu #Jesus :)
Michael Jackson FANS! Come join us for a groovy time ! Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini! OUR SIGNATURE WINGS & SLIDERS!
Another #Braves win today 7-2 against the #Rockies another big game tommorow against the
I want some culvers or kopps.
Why I like #baltimore city? The liquor store gave us free bourbon
Better than #Divorced (@ Value City Furniture)
Movies by Moonlight tonight- Rocky! Nothing beats a summer evening with an outdoor film. So much fun.
AVALON TONIGHT BE THERE OR BE SQUARE!
Getting up early to drive to New Hampshire for my Jos. A. Bank shoot---using my new Hassy camera!!!!!
Don't Compare Your Life Too Mines.
We <3 our helpers... & Jessica!
I had a killer steak and mashed potatoes there years ago.
The only hitter in the AL with a higher batting average since the All-Star break than Rangers Mike Napoli (.389) is Hideki Matsui (.394).
it's like the mafia. You leave and they pull you back in.
Thank you! We are thrilled to be included. :)
S U M M E R where all the days run into each other and every day is a saturday night
Official iPhone unlock statement: no unlock will be released until after 4.2.5 or official 4.3 (whichever is last) is out
Three hours of sleep but a well fed and rested newborn baby. Can't complain.
Oh, really? Than I hope you get your tickets. (:
Whoa! Thanks for the tweet ! You guys are gonna love performing at Stoked to have you guys here in Pittsburgh!
Working on my website omg work all week ugh
Thanks for checking out #YouAreWhoYouFollow. Feedback always appreciated.
I have no idea! Love you
If you haven't slapped any small children. apology accepted.
First panel at the National Digital Public Library conference at the Los Angeles Public Library.
Offically named the truck.. Lucy <3 is genius!
Fifth inning white flag? Chulk better finish this game.
Thanks to you weekend!! Time to count some Z's!!!
Music Rec HI baby. :)
how do u think u did?
That Shower >>>>
You are the follower #4999 :) here is a coupon for free shipping at our store: code " freeship1 " expires at the end of Oct.
The floor plan vs the façade.
Coining it.
Gotta keep it movin'
“: Aww you look beautimus! Are you having fun?” yes but I want to see you!
If you missed the show last night, come out and see Shady Grady & The Nobodies this Friday night at The Elbo Room - 8PM - 21+ - $9
I follow you and
An old man said, 'I would rather have a defeat with humility than a victory with pride.' ~ Wisdom of the Desert Fathers
Former high-ranking official with the Department of Housing and Urban Development has been convicted of misleading investors.
re-watching 8 mile...still awesome
I'm good with that. RT It's currently 69° in #Madison. That ties the record set in 1995. We'll break another record today!
ok that was one assignment in all my 4 years, and I have no idea what motorcycle you are referring to
After many Replies, I see this is what Google + is for!
Will be at the Spokane Home Show later today, followed by the Spokane Chiefs game.
thanks for the RT!
Olivia Tremor Control last night. Jeff Mangum tonight. Late 90s E6 weekend!
Long day of shooting. Now, to get up early & do it again.
If I can leave my X in the past...then u hav to be able to do the same
Music on shuffle tonight, but keep getting TONS of Opeth. Guess I won't complain!
In need of a luxury or exotic car rental for that special occasion, or just because? We've got you covered!
After several months there is a new computer in the Click Clack house! Faster updates await!
i want Justin Bieber to like my page ! haha.
#TerrificThursday have a kick ass day bro!
good night dude DENVER LOVES U
revising up a storm right now
Time for a much needed nap.
careful where you land...
RT : Westlake: #xBox started as video game but has gone on to become an amazing instrument.
Well, save that at *only* 17, there's a good chance he can turn it around, more than if he was older.
I'm currently taking part in LA's favorite pastime -that's right - a televised police pursuit. Today's episode: Slow tow truck chase.
30seconds in Starbucks at Boston University West, and Ive already overheard conversations about weddings, dieting and "omg I can't even"
#lausd NEWT! Amigo! Wasn't teachers union that improperly fired evil teacher-it was district and administration who didn't do their job!
Total people on the deck bar 12 dudes 1 attractive female. Next up, who makes the first move. I'm betting on the 50 yr old man #he'shorny
Word up*
everything is funny at 2:00
yeah I will!:)x
Is there really such thing as too much leg?
you're the only one. Rob and boUKE sure the hell ain't
We need permanent affordable housing in DC.
R.I.P., Maurice Sendak. Thank you for helping us to reimagine children's stories & the way we tell them. May we all explore our wild sides.
What you got the usual 2 twin bed 49.99 a night room? I can send 2 punk rocks over there but you got to pay this time.
Dear "Joe the Plumber," Please stop it. You are embarrassing yourself, the Ninth District and the entire state of Ohio.
Thank you so much <3 oh, I changed my name again. o.o
Funny political 'cartoon' in today's TU editorial section. Funny in that it's a complete distortion of fact.
I am so sorry that I did not make it to my first class I was getting dressed this morning when I got a phone call from my great grandma s...
oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh Bless The Lord I Got my Car!
Happy new year 2012 for all my artists,family,friends and followers! Wish you all, a year full of Blessings, Love, Happiness and Music!!!
Miss you too !
Happy International Dance Day! Last chance to buy our 4 for $40 adult drop-in deal.
Alone Once Aqain .
How was everything last night?
Thanks for rt-ing this Paul. I'm getting one made. It;s such a simple, cool idea.
So excited for #RachelandDave winning the #AmazingRace!!!!!!!! Hope they have some good stories!
Arthur! From "The Tick"!
I smell a #12NTM field trip! #Anchorman2, , , , , ,
BINKY AND JAMIE NEED TO GO OUT ALREADY. Asdfgjkl
Celebrating Rickey Hendersons bday tomorrow instead. Best lead off hitter ever and no wars were fought in his name.
lolz sure whatever you say
Wireless Connection Info: Network Name is "exygy guest" or "exygy guest 2" and password is "wordpress!" (no quotes)
Wen guys feel like they have no control over a particular situation they tend to take it out on the person that was a part of it..
“BULLY” To Hit Movie Screens As“UNRATED” After Nearly 500,000 Sign Bullied Student's Online Petition
I'm listening to religious music. end of world.
All I have is $3 is that ok... O it's Skol, well then do u have change for a $1
some of my friends and I could not get into a party together. I thought it's from MW3 but this happens on BO as well
where you at tonight?
You & Stephen got this natural chemistry. Maybe a co-host for BBAP??
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY #RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT #TONEFIDE <1
Fools only "network" when they got a project out, smh.
lol I was joking but now its on-one pager being done today :)
Well Im going for now, I will keep you all updated. If anyone has a FB or those of your who RP have a RL FB, friend me! :D Bye now!
Nah. But ask me again June 1
LOL call me
My finger is literally throbbing.
I love bring me the horizon.
free dinner and cake
Performing with
My instagram was hacked..
as I'm sure you know by now not a good day for Lincoln
That sounds amazing.
You don't love your boyfriend after 3 days.
Dude, sorry to hear that. I had a 110-pound golden retriever with epilepsy. Not fun, but the meds worked pretty well.
Mathew Curtin giving a very good presentation in electronic health records program
Ctfu, grams be switching!
whatsup guys?! tweet me!
aren't you a full time killer part-time Karate Black Belt?!
only 2 more hours until hundreds of people beat me out for comic-con pre-registrations again. sigh.
One stop shop Boating Center at MarineMax. Wide selection of New & Used, Parts, Service, & Accessories. No one does it better than we do!!!!
Heading down to the pool to catch some rays! :)
Very excited that the KC Regional Leaders roster is almost full! Welcome to the new folks!
Going to be guest dj-ing on at 1 today. Get ready for , a Barbara Browning uke cover, , Black Lips, + more!
at yinzer field
So wishing I was at #Jamboree! Listening
liking the new Twitter pic by the way, meow ;)
Does he ever do anything else? #shortbutsweet “: Told by spox he will speak at #nvgop "very briefly"
I thought youd always be mine
Thanks for your kind mention. I've been slacking on Twitter recently. No particular reason. BBL! :-)
Ugh the opener of the second series... Like I just can't.. Omg Maxxie, let me love you
good. been suffering bad allergies but good.
I have to work six days this coming week + on Sunday, care for my dad all day while my mom makes day trip w her church. LONG WEEK AHEAD.
last final, then baby / train for
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. - David Joseph Schwartz
RT : Blair Levin at #bbcsum12: cities can reduce providers' network buildout costs for very little out of pocket to themselves
Love that you are using Kickstarter for this project
So I wanna win the lottery...
Ha. All us Jews have them. Or so I hear.
Be mindful and curate classroom library collections
Wtf is with Paul Pierce just blocking the fuck outta everyone
I will make a trip out there, hopefully soon after I get back from Vegas and Jamaica!! :)
More recently used a typewriter on Secretary Song to good effect.
me don't lie
yo I don't want u to think I don't respect you and what u do,cuz its all love hit my line and ill explain
no set date yet. Our mgmt will let us know soon enough!
Hahaha barkley: "have you ever seen sam cassel and golum in the same place?"
Bring it Back by is a gr8 song 4 the #gym! Right :) What's on your iTouch when you work out?
Its crazy how its nearly impossible to find a nice chick who appreciates when a nice guy comes along...im just saying.
But writing lyrics is easy!
clearly I'm a grown ass man.. Smh.
DIG IT! RT : Four Hour Extravaganza begins........NOW!
Song of the Day: "Riverstone" by Rootz Underground..
Headed to for 2nd oldest daughter's pinning as nursing student grad. Congrats RN class 2012.
Yeah..Your still not doing anything? lol
Hey Richard! Are you following our play about bullied gay youth. It's in Chicago June 1-17. We're raising awareness w/ book/play
It IS .RT : WHAT! D: this better be no nigga magic between you two >.>
I'm not in bed by nine...REBEL. ;)
Wtf theres radio commercials going over the loudspeaker.........
Trying not to get infuriated right now. Must keep calm!!!
Hi! Happy New Year! Schools offer different programs so you need to know first what you want to become in this industry.
Why do you say that?
Thanks for voting
Thank you! We would love to talk with about our work with those students. Appreciate all of your help!
Hey.,I like uhmm miss you. :'( talk to me.
why you play temple run then?? That's what I thought nagger!
Good morning jeepers, creepers and freakers
ive been in chorus when i was in sixth grad but i hated it
Oovoo with my losers<333 ah they made my day :*
Man shot dead for eating a popcorn to loudly during 'Black Swan' movie. www.tncnews.com
the schedule was stacked against them
I'm with you there.
LOL oh I don't blame you for opening it now I'd have done the same thing! Pretty sure mine will be here tomorrow :)
Game of thrones Season two up to date.. Four in a row till 5 in the morn
Fried eggs on Haitian bread and butter.
Just got my CD in the mail! Super excited to take a listen!
I love the energy here !
aw, thanks! Not exactly but I'll take it!
feed me wat
Congresswoman from Philippines speaks out against U.S. presence in her country.
#inspirationalmessage as always..Right on time!!!
Admittedly, I am an admirable person, but to convert earth to be like The Kaiser might be an annoying happence.
Follow me and I'll give you 1% of my IQ!
try the boulevardier too, bourbon and campari if you haven't had one. Tasty! Beaker and Flask in Portland is great for cocktails.
has see through pants
About to watch Matthew Eldridge at Vinyl
Just deleted a bunch of songs that were going to be on my album. Lots of work to do tomorrow.....
RT : "If you're sleep deprived, key parts of your brain might be dozing even when you're awake."
mann i'm sleepy
Not sure they needed to announce the summa and magna graduated by name.
well since its your last week!., I'll give you a hi, a hug, nd a nice lil conversation!? How that sound?
Lol my hairdresser went to sycamore lol but she extra ghetto
This house needs new spring lines
Wholesaler: David, got a second? Me: I only talk to wholesalers on twitter. Wholesaler: ??????
Hell yeah!! I see it AL!!
• The opposition seems pretty nit-picky in their criticism. Have heard identical argument in regards to nearly EVERY movement.
Since I get all my news from Twitter apparently, at first I thought Joey Votto died. I realize now that I misread. Sad day in philly.
go for it!
are you sure you're in France? that's USA portion size right there
Impossible to please GOD, WITHOUT FAITH
I am out bored as hellz :(
Girls: "All the good guys are gay" Me: UMM not in San Antonio
too many tweets about good traffic conditions. I use this 4 accident info & assume traffic is good if there r no tweets :)
Thank you DD! Comin' in this week? RT : Really craving right now, best in #phl hands down!
summer doesn't come soon enough, you're what i think about when i am beating richard up. crack rocks don't float in fish bowls
Looks like the solar storm is on teh Twitters. Here we go...
Yep, it's Tuesday. The jury's still out on whether it's happy, though.... ;)
My #lrt Oh Shiiiittttttt ! :)) She Pro'lly Be Whooping Bitches Asses !
That's cool! 1/2 = levels 1 and 2, reading and grammar.
I am the female weezy. ;)
KAAYYY. I SEE YOU.
I really have no idea what #viddy is or what it does but I'm pretty sure facebook will buy it out for like a billion dollars by next week
Be super glad you don't live here right now. The hate will fill the 3 rivers. Exactly: GET OUT
Live and learn!
follow back
I am currently investigating a case of sexual abuse in a foster home.
12?! PUMPED! RT : Unseen Barbra Streisand footage will be released by Columbia Records, in a 12-DVD set.
I wasn't able to open your link, but yes, lacing can be a real help or a problem.
Thinking too damn hard my fucking head hurts like hell :( ouch!!
trying to!
Copper River salmon on the
Iam not an asshole. I am THE asshole. How else do you think I justify being a writer?
Got my CAC reader to work on my laptop and got my iPhone to check my AKO. It's a good IT day.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe (? E
"I'm a Samantha," "I'm a Carrie."
I haven't tried it just yet - waiting until I get on a creative streak and then I'll queue them up.
Laughing to myself as I hear the Metrodome crowd go KUHN
im not dead bc of greyson.
niggas hit licks i want it u got it i take
Eating at McDonald's everyday is like watching the titanic..You know the outcome but for some reason you still stay captivated
Lyme Disease Awareness Month: Six Tips You Need To Know To ...
Road-tripping off to Phillip Island today - pumped to play with some kangaroos/koalas again and see the penguin parade.
Yay for broken collar bones at soccer games...
and just edit it there or somthinn
Full text of tonight's presentation to #SDRC will be available in the next few days.
Very nice to Hear from you. I am well thanks. Hope you had a nice bike ride.
Good news Susan! Glad the Mayans were wrong!
Procrastination = working at night = no chats ;(
same here, I don't remember the last time I've went to sleep that early.
I love listening to depressing music when I'm depressed even though it makes me more depressed than I already am.
To true.
out back!
sounds good girl! Haha I've been in a science GE this whole time! I'll get back to that! Lol I miss u! Xoxo
What a great weekend to come shop, eat and dig for dinosaurs in our dirt pile! Starts 9am sharp
America or chivas
Let's go #hoosiernation! Everyone better be wearing their iu gear today!
I heard she DOESN'T GIVE A FUUUUUUUCK.
now look at me i'm sparkling.
web developers, when choosing a CMS to build on, what factors do you use to decide?
Thanks for the #MustFollow and everyone
Congrats to the Romney family on two more grandchildren. Twin boys! That makes eighteen for &
y'all were born a day too late. ;-)
Digging 's new twitter avatar.
Dance al day. Get to miss all my classes (: Yeah.
Team Sasha & Malia.
Where's Reggie when you need him?
had that in mind also. Ha. Match one an I will sample some dope vynl tonight. Bring over my mpc.
No prob man!
Glad I live off campus. This week is CFAW week.
I just replaced the pressure valve on my hot water heater. Recognize.
That'd be great. I'm at Eisenhower in Harwood Heights. I'll dm u my email
Thanks, Laurie! Believe it or not, despite the pretty head, he's not an Arabian--although he get that a lot! He's Hanoverian!
Sitting & randomly remembering things the next day is the worst. Like, oh shit... I did that.
Happy New Year, everyone! Ready for some more Happy Endings shenanigans? New episodes return Tuesday, Jan. 5th!
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 8pm!
NEW YORK!! #SUPERBOWL NFL
I currently have 6,777 pageviews....I think I'm going to do a fun giveaway when I hit 7,777!
I have a terrible sore throat & I'm exhausted. And now it's time for work :( hope it goes by fast
a coffee cup, but it looked like a large scoop of ice cream. It was that nice out today.
another fab, sunny warm spring day in february in
The thrill of hope, a weary 'parent rejoices
Having an impromptu "Paranormal State" marathon.
SAT word of the day: adumbrate (v.) to sketch out in a vague way
Fixing a windows formatted 10yo perl file on a unix machine, running it as a cgi-script using apache... I feel like a French Engineer :)
#timeforbed just after my favorite show...
hm haha I'll have to keep that in mind. But no way I'll ever get as addicted as you (: jk
I was wondering. Thanks!
Momma , knows Best
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER is a beast! (:
I've really been diggin listening to The Glitch Mob while I drive. What's your driving music of choice? ~ Wil Tafolo
Is coworking coming of age? Accenture recently joined the coworking movement, joining LEXC a network of unique independent coworking space…
Sounds like Sheriff Dept is thinking WTF is going on with MPD
I also surf Flickr or blogs for inspiration and then pin from there so I can remember it visually. Q1
Thanks for the mention!
ereaders and tablets have saved reading.
RT : 2 million mothers and young children would be cut from a program that gives them access to healthy food.
have done:P
#WordCamp attendees - Sign up for Personal, Business, or Enterprise hosting at RocketPress.me and get 25% off. Use coupon code "WORDCAMP"
Now I know about it...and yest I'm jealous. *stares at yogurt balefully*
Did you know that I work the bowling counter at Mission Bowling Club every Friday from 3-8? Well now you do! Come visit! Lanes $35 3-6pm.
i'm putting my money on something big happening w/ peggy this season
Love does not make sense, it gives meaning to everything else.
Shave/shower time. Alright, Friday. Let's do this thing.
Thats me! : If you’re over 20, you’ve lived through two palindrome years: 1991 and 2002.
And the #TonyAward goes to Tracie Bennett - the new Queen of Broadway - for her tour-de-force as Judy Garland in
If you love somebody, set them free. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were
Let's hope that emotion is no anger. That could get messy.
I wonder what the weather forecast is for tomorrow in Lawrence
I love him, is like a cloud made of sweet, m...! :)
On a plane finally. I hope this is going to ATL!
send some music!!
Chemical engineering class. Ugh here we go.
If your job is your passion there really are no such things as "weekends"
which one O: ? Lmfao.
I think my first time smelling weed was at the Adema/Cypress Hill/Linkin Park concert back in high school. #twitterbinge 4/24
Big shout out for including my girl Carolyn Wonderland in your MArketing Evangelist Must Read-as usual - You (and Carilyn!)Rock!
I'm getting ready for my younger cousins bridal shower! Wow... Makes me sentimental. Every girl dreams of wedding her guy.
very nice tool.
“The more a person perceives that he/she is loved, the less they will interfere with the lives of others.” - Dr. William Glasser
We've always been suckers for Roscoe Village over here.
tomorrow feels like it's gonna be a good day ?
I miss you bestie (:
This should be an interesting offseason for college football. What with all the coaching changes and uncertainty.
Loving the fact that contunies to put pictures up of hahha.
regarding #TinHuey "you guys were on a small label, right?" "you mean warner brothers?" hahahah
Me, mom, and sis at Sherlock Holmes..
Hope you all had a great weekend! Celebrated my sister's Bday and 2nd year anniversary of beating cancer. WooHoo!
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Trello is awesome! I use it every day.
April 25, 1999 - A monument in honor of Joe DiMaggio is unveiled at Yankee Stadium.
#whoisthebest ~ KANYE, He is a two headed monster (Lyrics & Production)
idk we had the meeting with pole they luv the music we need to see what they want to do!
mentioned a "Falling Slowly" duet with Eddie Vedder. I went searching for video immediately. It's as good as I imagined.
so jealous. I have ieverythingelse. What's is that? Mac Air?
Getting very nervous about moving to Arizona... I don't know what to expect!
Get ready for AD-mageddon
lol, I picture her in the dark...
Everyone is up, I guess it is to warm to go to bed.
#Myth: "The devil tempts me to sin"
Which website? I have a couple. major changes can be fun. Do you have a passion for anything specific?
s/o to you too! Keep in touch@
Happy 30th birthday, La Quinta. Here&#39;s how it all started
case just on TV mom convicted 20yrs 4 warning shot absolute absolute discrimination against women also!!! #Corrine Brown
Do other people working 12 hours a day feel like they are going to die too? #I'mnotmadefirthis
Right on!
I sip sprite and codeine at the same damn time
#iconiaczgetstuffdone hahh, cause #iconhacked most hilarious stuff that ever happened!
Really admire Eddie's War, by Carol Saller aka , a Kirkus best book of 2011. Good work, Carol. You know way more than commas.
I haven't slept all night, its 4:30 I can never get enough work out or writing poems. Crap
sorry I been busy and don't ever feel like going on here.
You have to follow through in every word you say
Yea, I can appreciate it's not for everyone. Guess it just hit all the right buttons for me.
07/21/2011 - Salute to Law Enforcement Committee 2011 Presents Salute to Law Enforcement Committee Meeting Event Recap
stopped watching now watching wonder years on Netflix.
These "timey-wimey" plot lines are always a bit tricky. Not wanting to accept the answers at face value.
So true!!! RT : To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid.
what? O.o (Bish)
MARC Trains 538,640, & 442 operating car short today due to cars from 517 this A.M. out of service for repairs & biohazard cleaning
races!!! over 105!!
i love mackensie. a lot.
I didnt know #SXSW was big enough to be trending worldwide
should follow me (:
RT : I think it is safe to say that the sunglazed/fuzzy look has been adequately worn out. Used to be cool a decade or so ago
Glowing ice cubes! Sinking ships!
:) you have a point
Veteran actor finds pathos of homeless old man in classic play
i really want the Rugrats in Paris video game... i remember the good ol' days(:
oh bummer! Well keep us updated!
you have to walk through hell to get to heaven.
Free Car Wash! Thanks, Mother Nature!
Obesity, as according to a 2004 study by the federal Centers for Disease Control.
Looks good. Is this your website?
I am dude I'm looking for someone who can record really good:)
I'm hip
I get really pissed over small things
you are too Damn funny. And for that, I am following you on here. :)
I always have at least one project due.... #Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
is wondering who told the young men of the world today that wearing their pants HALF OFF THIER ASS, showing thier dirty undies WAS SEXY?
“: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD #RETWEET this if you love HEAD.” hope she sees this!!
St. Patrick's Day Parade.
in God's eyes NO sin is bigger then the next, so while you smokers and drinkers are judging the homosexual in God's eyes y'all are the same!
Them sexy young girls are no joke.
Be sure to stop by booth
OMG, I totally didn't realize you were at Trader Sam's! I'll make sure to introduce myself formally next time.
we already did & Thank you.
Good! We love them too :)
@ the Mariposa Poetry Retreat in PA about to talk to participants on how to live the "writerly" life full-time. That's easy: Marry well
I find it interesting that the terminology of the conversation has moved from "post-show discussion" to "talkback".
Living Louder is such a perfect song.
#RCJH! and I about had heart attacks in Nashville!
I love the song, "Mary, Did You Know?" Leads me to a question, do you think that Mary did know? Share your thoughts
im shitting on yo whole life
Gtg t-list! Sorry to keep ranting today ><
When I came into work today, a video of news stories about the opening of Captain EO was playing. A great way to start the shift.
This brain fart hurts.
Who could ever hate on Ariana? seriously? She's gorgeous, she's got talent, and she's so kind! smh... jealous peeps. <U+2665>
RT : think pair share is low tech but great #sschat <- def. use this ALL the time for students of ALL ages!
Hey people sorry i havent been on D: forgivee mee? Lol xD seriously though... Hey :D
gotta agrEe with u there!
24k!... Alright... As promised...
My line works both way but i didnt knw they was coming up as tweets. Tml now *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
Its too bad the girls you do get back at you :)
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
I just wanna curl up under my blankets and go back to sleep :/ I hate working this early
What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes & Porches
Absolutely. It adds value to the mtg and allows us to make the most of resources (meeting space, food & bev, etc.)
Happy Born Day My Brotha!
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid. (George Herbert)
Heavy rain and wind near Parker/Arapahoe. Yuck!
Have a fry for me my dear - hugs!
NY has a serious love affair with
I wanna fuckin smoke
Soriano's knee is clearly bothering him. Get him out of the game. Brenly agrees.
even if we did it wouldn't be none of your damn business Kevin lol
RT this if you love !
LOL, you like it.
Happy National High 5 Day! Make someone day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
I can't tell whether or not I feel bad for hoarders, I mean when you die all your shit gets thrown away anyways so why not get a headstart?
Great Economic Development meeting in Bothell today. Changes going on in this area all the time!
Yu Darvish, Y U NO THROW STRIKES?!
Starting This Term of Right By Getting Some of My Work Done Early
dale ale house on sunday!
Packing yet again to go the airport! Another gig tomorrow night.
what a perfect ending to
I'm coming up to 2 years on the waiting list; that's almost as long as we made some people wait for :-)
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Or journos, I suppose. ;) Thanks.
Thank you for helping spread the word about the #ghostfactories series. will be writing more in the future.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. ~ Vince Lombardi
RT : Demoing at #scon12 in 30 minutes! Look for and listen for the sugar invite code :)
Being woke up n the middle of the night to some head is like the best feeln
thanks! She did great.
Watching my #BCEagles take it to Vermont on #CBSHockey. Long time no talk, !
Does that make sense? Or am I crazy?
thank you, thank you, thank you...miss you, love you : )
SCORE indeed! Have fun!!!
Well, goodnight y'all! Sleep good!
Watching Robocop for the first time right now. Holy balls. This is genius.
There's something about guys wearing v-necks that kills me inside.
Giuliani's run out of words. He's invoking Saul Alinsky's name in Obama sentence on Fox News? Does he want to replace Glenn Beck?
Brunch soon?
Shout out 2 the 4 live streaming of Junior Seau's memorial service tonight! Including being able to download the program! CLASSY!
Papers, papers papers. Feeling a bit used up today.
yay! we'll all have another midnight camp out waiting for :)
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not
omg lol I'm so stupid lmao thnk u bf...I'm so dumb:)
every day
Can't wait for Blackout..
hey everyone! go to mattleofthebands.com/mufasa and vote for us everyday to keep us on the top 40 in the fight for warped tour 2010!
Thanksgiving break! whoop whoop! :D
No one looks back & remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep.
on top of everything else, my tights keep slouching down
you can park the T-Bird at my house in the burbs as long as you leave me the keys!
Filmed a commercial on Sunday, got a role in a web episode and a feature coming up. Wooohooo!
Ahh sometimes I just love little kids!!
"<U+FFFD>We don<U+FFFD>t want to create an army of spammers, and we are not trying to turn Facebook and Twitter into one giant spam network"
We can make you something. Please email Gabrielle to discuss.
yep, got it! thank you!
MCL for dinner. Its okay to be jealous...
Oh yeah and that is the Kurt cobain journals book thing..
Watch out for some chin music tonight.
Screening SUPER SIZE ME right now. Hilarious and disturbing!
I see Mark Sanchez has taken a break from hooking up with high school chicks to check out
She got the biggest butt I eva seen. Guh you should quit yo job & just go work at Dream. Gon head & do it fa fa #YungNation Team..
RT #programmersday sounds good to me, score one for #Marx and
I lost three more pounds and now Purity Ring has a new single. I honestly don't understand my life at the moment.
ESPN has 2 many hosts/talent & not enough airtime 4 all, need to cut dead weight...Bayless, LeBetard, & Around The Horn too
Listening to College Dropout for the 3,000th time
#janeeyre is amazing!
MADONNA JUST WALKED AWAY WITH A GLODEN GLOBE:o)
Have you gotten your $25 lollipop yet?! Just Curious. I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
I need some energy!!!
I don't know why, but I have this urge to buy a bearded beanie.
i saw this guy workin out today i was dayum;) then he turned around i saw his face, i was like no... :(
Trying really hard not to freak out but the cat scratched up my favorite boots and I'm soo mad! Ugh
If you haven't yet, you might want to consider a moment of silence for the Kent State shootings --- 42 years ago today.
whoa, that is a lot of alarms!!
news media types: you're pissing me off! re: mad cow in US but "no threat to humans" found mad cow not headed for food supply: good (1/2)
parents wont read #cinderella to their kids because it has a girl doing house work all day, fuck else girls suppose to do?
Heartbreak, thy name is Undercooked Chicken Breast.
Love yogurt? Want to watch a great show? Come enjoy both at our Saturday show, amazing dance performances and yogurt!
Stumbled on Interested in learning more & I'm actually in Cleveland tomorrow & might have some time to meet.
Thank u :)
Today's Sun-Times is amazing. I suggest you pick one up (actually physically buy one). Check me out on pgs. 2-3, btw.
Are you talking about the ALCS beer cups you get at the game???
Ppl can be so funny!!!!
#DearTaylorSwift thanks for singing all the thoughts I'm too afraid to say(:
sadly my fellowship is over, but will still be visiting DC occasionally. would be great to talk about your ideas...
Karen O'Connor, founding member of Women and Politics & former editor shares her experience.
Life is no Nintendo game.
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!! Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service
like dealing with your insurance online? try our new chat feature and gets questions answered without entering your personal information
The Princess Diaries <3
Will you try again ?? <U+2665>
This week's featured artist is Mission South. Check out the interview and read up on their latest EP, Migration Vol. 1!
Shave It
That couldn't be farther from the truth. Just a misunderstanding.
RT : Special one-act performance of #IntoTheWoods tonight! Get your tickets and bring the kiddos!
true daaaaat(; we're awesome bahaha
all of them
Heh. Has anyone filed a complaint yet?
my goodness, how often will they be able to have Nick run around w/o his shirt buttoned tonight?
i am in Turkey,its so hot and we r having so good time
there's a skrimage Thursday at mcnairy
At boys great eight bball playoffs tonight. Arapahoe vs thunderridge tied at 51 with 1:29 left in the first game.
Ruby on Rails class followed by a 12:15am discussion with my lil' cousin about how to best implement heapsort in C++ => super awesome day!
o shit didint now u were someone else sorry....thought u were justin bieber
I support #OWS. Right now, there's no reports they're behind the violence in downtown #Seattle now.
border states first shipments went out this morning! remember we press limited edition vinyl. hurry before we sell out!
I like the word "stoked"
Nylon May's out w/ my reviews of Hysteria (Maggie G rules), Hick (Blake Lively nearly saves), QnA w/ Maggie Carey about sex & porn (mostly)
Down to Brunswick, GA this week for an interview.
Finally! Just moved up one slot.
Work! Blah! I get off at 6, Wyd tonight?
o: me too!
read it cost them $250K. Worth it.
Thanks, Steve....CHOOSE SIMPLICITY!
Where are they?
Headed back home after an absolutely amazing #ImagineCup 2012 #Ireland experience. Thanks to everyone - I had an awesome time. :-)
I hear you have outstanding zins? Well, by "hear", I mean I just read it in your profile, but why would someone make that up :)
Kobe is a monster....quit calling him old already, he doesn't look old to me
good same ole shit just. A different day when u coming back to the 412 I haven't seen u in forever
are u gonna be a cmedian when u grow up
#stamp RT : Be creative, have fun, make some money and treat people good along the way!
looks rather ravishing today,
Words can't explain how perfect that tweet was.
Who has checked out the songs? :) What do you think?
#HappyEaster! Hope the easter bunny left lots of loot x
hahaha knew it would be awful!x
thanks for the follow!
#throwbacksongs who will I choose
Maybe they were zombies.
Bless your ears with Liebestraum no.3 by Franz Liszt!
Miss my family and old friends, crazy how things change and the places you'll find yourself in life
The weather is amazing now... Oh the joys of living in Miami
Happy Hunger Games!<U+2764>
nail trends it is! Keep your eyes peeled for a blog about it this month!
A reminder, last time I did this a rumor came about that I got a hand job by an asian woman named kevin.
... And I was like.. IS THAT HIM HE SHOULD BE A KICK BOXER and my sister laughed. haha but it is true he should be a boxer.
Our a/c broke, maneger said it'll be a few days, fml...
Yes! Having spent last week reading about the Doyle/Houdini spiritualist rivalry, I was super stoked.
are we all still going together tomorrow?
Dang. People been talkin my head off all day. I just want a moment of silence lol .
#WhatHurtsTheMost my throat...
we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:)
I heard Smash Mouth "All Star" on the drive in this morning. Wasn't that your childhood jam?
umm not sure how to respond? I take cash and credit
What's truly amazing is that it took that documentary to make someone...anyone...talk about the u. (lower case now!)
aw shucks. wish I was watching some 'feld right about now.
EPIC WATCH TANLINE
Hey , who on the #lions has been the biggest surprise for you this year? And who do you love playin wit?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!! <U+263A>
is a sick ass rapper!
#BigRed Red Bryant now with as many career interceptions as Kelly Jennings (2006 1st Rd. Pick)
Can't say #Kentucky v. #Indiana isn't entertaining. Also can't say I want either to win.
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day. - Thornton Wilder
can we talk about how much I dislike Blair with Lonely Boy?
On the 11th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 11 warm and cozy beds awaiting!
What is the smart baker's twitter??
Surreal #Osama Bin Laden
SMH. #WhiteFolk RT : I mean I like all of the Tupac and Biggie Smalls stuff…but Petey Pablo ALWAYS gets me toe tappin in my cubicle
at first glance your profile pic looks like you are wearing a star trek uniform. disappointed, until I realized it's BBQ.
our websites are getting built this week! Lego!
Catching Facebook - #Google+ likely to have 400-million users by end of 2012.
Great find Dr. Tindall! My clients will love this.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack melt on grilled multi-grain with spinach & mayo....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
Our Next #Meeting is on #August 3rd at 6:30 at IJPC
Auburn - Alabama is much worse. I promise. Much.
I will not b da woman who will take all bullshit I am the woman who u give ur everything too!!
haha, yes. I double checked before tweeting!
Sorry, I think it's because I just hit "reply" to a related tweet you made sometime back:
You may have to go for an award at some point.
Now Westbrook is the best PG on da game! Come on Joker!
Txt me
So i'm really looking forward to this weekend I wanna get fckd upp, haven't partied in forever (:
Party tonight.. This should be fun, Johnny Walker sponsored... What!
damn now I want tacos. we're off for burgers and shakes tho
Morning to my
you don't wanna know. lol.
Shame on the Tavistock event is one giant commercial.
This is the longest day ever.
I was baptized in the Episcopal Church last year, and the journey was largely started by reading the Café. So, thanks!
Nope VH didn't re-do danger zone I was wrong I was thinking of another song
I can't live without y<U+0336>o<U+0336>u<U+0336>. FOOD. Sincerely, your stomach.
those allergy particles are homing in on my eyes. how do they do it? argh.
Love spicy foods? You could actually be addicted! The capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins!
Moving 2 days in a row and baby watching really wares me out!!!!
are u with ASCAP?
Man, not with this case going to court...this is gonna get ugly. ESPECIALLY if Commish has concrete proof.
This Fri & Sat please support our friends & go see Invisible Man ! KK & Otjen in Bayview :-)
Wow... we are honored to be part of the list!
It is perfectly dignified to run for the shuttle in the mornings.
hahah hell yeah
it's on my profile. :p
Delusional rap cats...
Every other day... every other day... every other day of the week is fiiiinnne <U+266B><U+266B><U+266A> <U+266A><U+266B> <U+266A>
What I have with you isn't worth losing
Yes, just as lovely as I imagined :)
it was a fat little beast!
I'm stupid bored, anyone want to watch a movie
Then you are in luck, no comparison needed!
Currently doing the laptop-toting professional vagabond thing.
Random dude: i live close to stadium armory. Me: immediately look over to see if it is my roommate.
It is how it is, deal with it .
I am down for sitting down
#DesireThursdays- if the world was your four star playground- and nothing you could dream was too much- what would you desire?
It's the end of the year and I don't want any drama over something stupid...
If you want someone to keep his secret, start with yourself
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato, sprouts ..served w/ a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili & Chowder +$.50
Proud of see you back on the east coast!
at least I got that free massage gift card. Never gotten one before. Do you know if they do happy endings?
Little Noni Horowitz merely a year away from LUCAS and only a few years from becoming the strange and unusual Lydia Deetz!
glad to hear it!!! Best of luck and come back and see us in Frisco when u can!
If you want something healthy drink sugar free Rockstar, it has no sugar so it's healthy and good for you
My heart is in my throat right now....HAS to be
So I believe I've decided that I want to be a teacher when I grow up... English teacher.. yeahh :)
Pretty good thanks :D. Working on my journal, & Sat. I will go to a meeting to volunteer for the Inter. Film Festival here. :D
That's the way to go, not sure about raising it though lol. If you buy a 1/2 steer or so at a time it's really not too expensive
"Some Nights" by Fun.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Follow back !
Jan. 11 is "I Am A Mentor Social Media Day!" Join me and other #mentors nationwide and tell us why you support
Good morning Twitter world. Already hear birds chirping this morning.
I so feel the same way!! My plan is an emergency run to Walgreens asap.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful is you just being yourselve && not followin other ppl!
You expect me to believe you have a tramp stamp, your nipples pierced & dick rails & you're a virgin? Please bitch, you're @ your prime now.
How's the pool treating you?
just got home to a laptop! So bummed we didn't meet! I was on my way, got waylaid, & by time I got there it had started.
BTW, if I haven't said it enough, the next movie should be DOCTOR STRANGE or BLACK PANTHER. Ok, geek's going to bed now...
It's like when I talk he doesn't care or doesn't listen. I
Welcome, friend! RT : Thank you for putting together such a fun weekend for everyone :)
redecorating my christmas tree. brb
Your special
Think I misread. Good looking out. Keep fighting the good fight.
#ThingsIDislike fake people
thanks for following!
Slick mouth...
RIGHT IS RIGHT,WRONG IS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!
go shopping with me and
I've got to admit - fashion blogs bore the hell out of me...Originality is king - not boring content...
My nigga Tae always keep his word
jersey..it's chilly here but the sun is out..
it's like the low cal calzone zone
We are pumped about playing in Lexington, KY tonight @ Cosmic Charlie's with The Barry Mando Project. Should be a great time!
fantastic 2 weeks plus i,m stoked..
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning - Seattle, WA. 100% Green Seal Certified! 206-414-1039 Call for an appointment today!
Fogot to put (and a Yankee win)
I'm done.
I'm the jealous type and I really hate it.
Kidz Take the Stage performance of OZ tonight at 7pm. Tickets are $9 and available at the door. Hope to see you there!
Mosley & Alvarez. HURRY UP PICK QUICK!!!!!
This Pottery Barn Kids ad just became a psychedelic journey into my inner pain.
#9RoundMinute: 12 Push Ups, 20 Squat Kicks • and.....GO!!
- the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created & are believed to be the work of God.
Nite Nite Love U and too! <U+2665>
i dunno if i seen em before or not... i be too high man... i really need to devote my life to sobriety
Any American actor friends going to be in Melbourne, Australia in July? Shooting new episodes of Vegan 101 in Melbourne. Send your info.
Not cool bro
Hope you'll notice me someday <U+2665>
just watched it! That can not be real! That had to of been staged. Still pretty funny.
sounds good
RT : **throws panties against the wall** #TwitterLateNight ima make feel so good
Congrats to the blues!
#tiptwist Tip Twist #1:GROCERIES: Don’t Assume Generic is Always Cheaper.
I can't wait to hear what all you've been recording. I'm sure it will be awesome as usual. :D
Getting ready for this show tonight. "Get it in!" Charmz feat. Gerelle Mckoy! Let's get it!
Gorgeous day in #Boston today! It's finally feeling like #Spring again :)
do me!
Anytime man. Yeah that ride is bad to the BONE!!
Have big ideas and don't be afraid to take risks. #vision #sales #life #leadership SeanLetwat
we need a state university so we can wear jerseys with our awesome state on them.
getting ready :) what about you?
Party hard!
It's been a week since I told him...it went great but I haven't heard from him since....
that waz off the hook or out of dah socket...
thanks for teaching how to quote tweets!
can't wait to see you in Phoenix! :) I'm coming from Seattle! #SeattleMissesYou. <3
Thats CRAZY!! It's a small world..You have great parents
Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter - The Longer Long Tail
"E" Marketing & Commerce conference tomorrow, by invitation only, I will be sharing the lastest E-marketing info here, tomorrow 7pm est
I love the movies poster, great work!
Thanks for the retweet Cane.
Cannot NOT follow someone who's an advocate for public access to info. Look forward to learning more for you Timothy.
The weather is crazy cold outside. I want my spring weather back.
in divorce law it is rampant ,no wonder people are going pro-per
Let's GO MAVS!
wow this is my 666 tweet... er.....
I smell a kickstarter! Bring Whiskey Media some Hot-n-Fresh, funding goal: $20.
heading out to shadowroom for your show tonight.
I just won the mega millions!!!! No joke!!'
E-mail me at . Thanks for reaching out!
Lol at this fool tweetin & asking ocho 2 fly him out 2 miami so they can kick it.. Thats gay dude!
i'm goin out next weekend ^.^
#RIPAngel is trending
Great win pens!
Not a librarian..but I just read that last wk! It's hilarious and relatable. Love her style. It sticks with you.
Ecosystem includes public, private, non profit and commercial
ITS SNOWING XD
Damn i been absent for a minute tweeties.im back now.happy valentines day!
I travel around alot doing shows. People sometimes ask, "Where do you live? I smile and say. "Outside my comfort zone"
im working at a station in Minneapolis! Miss YOUR face!
Wishing your pets could talk is fun until you remember everything you've ever done in front of your pets.
Serious weekend .... Need transportation in Vegas or VIP services. Call us 888.558.3427
Psychoneuroimmunologist Dr. Candace Pert suggests that "You mind is in every cell of your body" via peptides, the molecules of emotion.
“: thanks for the follow I got you back merry Xmas !” spread the music!
We are big fans Jason. Our pleasure. I'm secretly hoping to get you out to DC at some point. :)
I am NOT a morning person..
Now, I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you.
Playing in the creek @ bull run park :)
I'm into team work.and doing a great job together!Even if I have to do it by myself!
What happened to the flash mob....?
one of the best rivalries in sports ever
Thursday trivia RT : According to Crayola, the average kid wears out about 730 crayons by his or her 10th birthday.
Great quote Sean! Dropping knowledge. “: stop complaining just a little bit less and start the quest on the road to success”
you are safe from the menace that is GG, he lives too far away :(
really? What time is your flight?
What's the word on the so-called distant planet they discovered that looks like a flickering star from here?
#Fact i dont follow criminal activity
Its a small world
would a UK data centre address all concerns?
just working and chillin same shit my sis had her baby how u been
THIS WEEK! bit.ly/uSPW3W and on.fb.me/tfEaEp. Best come over on wednesday!
soo im missing homecomg and i had to cancel my cross country meet to come see u $ tomarow dude i am a dedicated fan!!
Life is about Patterns.
OMG IM SO EXCITED TO EAT CHICK-FA-LA AFTER SCHOOL
No no no i don't need those problems #OJ RT : Aww shit, I made it into avi! I can die now
Ghetto Cowboy, Silhouetted by the Blue, Under the Mesquite, Sonia Rodriguez
#fla2010 best presenter/ idea I must read
I don't know. I'm hoping October.
made my day...lol
he thought it was two guys LOL.
i feel like i need to make a public announcement.....too soon?
so #excited for this shoot! Geting ready to go viral ;)
Chicago Bears stand pat at offensive line in draft
Im coming high breed music ski new York
Thanks for following .....ooh la la ; P
Jiminez has to get his pitch count down as well. That will come with him fixing his control issues.
Thanks!! I hope you only know that from the previews.
but with the response I got, I think thats the last time I will take a reduced rate job that has me working over 100hrs in a 7 day period
Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy.
All I want is u
"Yes Crystal lol. Wats wrong? RT : Im always the bad guy huh ?"
we need no less than 2 runs here off CC. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NO GIDP
I'm pretty positive that my foot is broken.
never got up while u got ready... never had a gut #feeling... what's goin on???
I can easily summarize who I am; a 12 year old girl that loves God and Jesus with all her heart <3 and my church :)
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets it's going to turn into the Hunger Games: Belieber edition.
oh my gosh. How painful was that..? :/
"Productivity is less about time management than it is about mind management." --David Kadavy, author of "Design for Hackers,"
Lol its not but it makes sense to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Very cool! Enjoy!!
Working like a hebrew for the last month...I pop back on twitter and still has the fire avi :)
How on earth did that happen?
I understand. Have a great meeting!
BE A WINNER!
“: I really can't handle school tomorrow” YES you can!
Looking forward to seeing your #eportfolio tool.
Thanks to everyone who supports us!!!!
Thank you! RT : y'all did a great job in your sessions. Matt was impressive. Continued success!
what are the odds Zidane head butts entire French team after world cup?
So much goodness! My heart flutters!
dude I already follow you :) remember?
There's a fire starting in my heart reachin' the fever pitch and it's bringing me out the dark...(8)
Love that feeling on the Amtrak when the bathroom door not only doesn't lock, but slides open...while you're peeing.
Yay! “: Today: Muppet Zumba, crafting with , and dinner with Oscar. #happydance”
just read your story tonight, pretty amazing.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. 9 to close, Britpop and booze. Moping allowed, but not encouraged.
Ugh. Stuck in the Dulles cell phone lot with a dead car battery.
very interesting indeed!
John Leonard is a very happy customer - anything for you guys!
Getting written up is like, shitty.
The Titanic Soundtrack was the best selling album of 1998. That music seems sad and morbid to me.
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
Have a role for you as well in the feature film "Characters" I would prefer you over Vanessa Williams
I swear I had separation anxiety from him! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Applause but no standing o from Leonard #Lance on call for comprehensive immigration reform
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. ~Jim Rohn
with rexy out is benching S.Moss a good idea or a great idea?
Semantic web lolpandas are the next big thing. Trust me.
i know that =] lol love ya!
RT : The java-intensive grade center is over featured - give users the option to select simple or complex interfaces
Spring is underway, so time to ditch the coat and enjoy the season of love! Treat your sweetie to something sweet at DG!...
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers! :)
why Miami gotta stay classy? Nobody would do it for us? foh!!
9 o clock. if you dont want to drive u can ride w/ me.
Omg, you remember that xD
Cherry picking old drunks
Go ! Plenary
I'm Putting On A Dress
Getting ready for game 3. Hope Verlander is on fire tonight. Go Tigers!
Macking on the a.m news weather lady: check: batting cage sesh:check: now time for a fun filled evening at the car wash!
Take me there!!! : CNYapproved tourist spot: Rachel & Monicas apt in friends. ://t.co/2HUAmUqw
The footwork in footloose>>>>.
and a bit of Folger's coffee? C'mon, you know you want to.
I wish would follow mee..please:)
Later skater
#erl12 David Beales doing a wonderful presentation on challenging the big deal
love your twitter handle. I'm definitely a gator girl fan myself!
Rivals G'town and Syracuse have teamed up to "Can It!" Donate to the canned food drive on campus til 2/8 to benefit Capital Area Foodbank.
ur voice and presence is real missed on RAW
Woke up at 7AM to the sound of a tornado siren. Now sitting in a room hoping nothing actually happens
Just had to correspond with Wagner's granddaughter and I had no idea how to address her: Frau? She is music royalty.
Ok well nevermind it's back. For a second there I thought I was going to die.
Be it ever so humble there is no place like home. I just realized I've been in my two years today!
Massive equivocation. And do they actually consume it? Or are they saving and investing it?
making a last chance effort to get to come to cuse.
I've pulled together some TSUC spirit gear items for you to look at.
You are very welcome. Thanks for the follow.
New day, new beginning
fundraiser assembly today at school. im ready to sell those frggin magazines HOLLAAA
But i know he's happy & so am I.
On the internetz? RT : Someone fight me
Tonight my home will have 9 friends, family & loved ones sleeping over. 5 bedrooms. 3 bathrooms & one 50 gallon water heater...
Enjoying toasted pumpkin seeds & looking forward to stuffed pumpkin for dinner. Great Fall day!
Monthly networking meeting starts in an hour - get over to Cafe Allegro ()!
Art field trip woooot!
You taste like heaven. But god bows you were built for sin
I miss that. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ohh, sure it is! :D haha
bonus points to you if Operation #guestofawedding #styledilemma dress results in a date!
we appreciate it thanks for the correction!
deserves an <U+E34B>
best part are the wrong photos. Ferrell wishes he was a son of anarchy! And Kal penn?
An Australian billionaire wants to build a Titanic 2....Really?
Screw the Super Bowl. It's all about the Puppy Bowl #APL! (And kitten half time show.)
Had delicious scones this morning at the Hilton Bonnet Creek in Orlando. I had a cinnamon and a chocolate chip - so good! Warm and delic!
As would I.
ITEDs today. More like Iowa test of endless dots. I just wanna go home :(
Ugh im awake rite now nd i needa be awake in 5 hours. I might as well stay up all night
So proud of everything that is doing. he's such an inspiration. we love him<3
There was a girl with a licenses plate that said SOS**** I instantly think of and <3
Time will tell. Can Colvin be consistent? RT : Colvin's play has to have Fowler living on borrowed time, yes??
what's an oyceter? o.O
And ironically enough, you prob only need the "amenity" for 10 days a year in ATX.
Orientation was fun .. (: Church later<3
Support my boy !!! You can find him on Twitter and under Antidote on TheMarijuanaCommunity.com. Go check him out!!!
Go to the Bill Kay Chevrolet Facebook page and click like & than click like On Angelique's photo ! She the baby in the pink swing! Thanks!!!
NF follow back
Hi matt..
Haven't been able to sleep the past couple of nights (weeks), this sucks.
Many just use it as a job board. :-( MRT : recruiters answer twitter faster than email if they know what they're doing
now im back on deck
Following along with
to all our linked friends...the auction commences @ 11pm esellauctions.com folks
Wait, why did I think TDD was Tequila Driven Development. Maybe this weekend I'll try it once more to make sure
super loud. It was awesome!
It will be available in US?
The person who lived in this apartment before me got gummy vitamins delivered the other day. I took them and am eating them like candy.
I have NOT tried Batter Up!Great name. Comparing cupcake quality may be my next adventure. :)
have you written about the movie 'The Sixth Man' yet? Bob Bender's idea to improve recruiting?
is a cutie :)
Trying to kill MKG but he CAN'T BE STOPPED
I'm ready for the weekend. Once work and baking are done, it's flip cup tourney and Phillies! Woop!
The Greater Indiana Chapter will be closed for Good Friday.
As now he is hitting Aguero?!?!
Happy Mother's Day, Marney!
Vincent, did you fall from heaven .. Because.. Uhmm.. Idk, but did you
From Elias Sports Bureau: 3 straight road wins by 20+ point margins is a first in franchise history.
when possible, leave the skin on your fruits and vegetables and cook them whole, retains more vitamins and nutrients.
#NAPP fan here...someday, WPPI. I blog at PSW for them...you need to join up again! They've updated their site--really fresh!
lol girl text me i havent heard from ya
Welcome to the Jungle! (Read: the Lower Lobby)
But for graduation!!:)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>
Excited to talk to #SDSU's theatre marketing class (THEA 345) about social media tomorrow. Any advice I should be sure to include?
where u at fam?!?
I switched mine out to Control-P. I might have had it set to Control-N for awhile?
ha yeah I was thinking the same thing.
do you think yu can do me a small favor o:P
Thanks for the RT! Had a blast last night... look for a blog review later!
#nowplaying the police
on Groupon today!
Confusion... Delusion... Reasonable Emotion... What's the point in tellin' the truth to a liar?
Q1 The beautiful coasts, historical ruins, and resorts!
Thanks! “: Almost a year since I visited NYC. I have many reasons for wanting to go back, but is number 1.”
what does that mean?;p
Today I shall judge nothing that occurs.
what u been up to lil bit?
See ya soon! RT : Meeting for coffee today.
But I Dont Wana Live Dat Way,Breathn In2 Every Word U Say,You Said That U Could Let It Go & I Wouldnt Catch U Hung On Somebody U Use To Know
YEAH!! #lovemyniece RT Good god do I love bourbon.
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE SOON! yayayayayya
aint nobody wana kiss yo rusty ass lips bitch!
Ok so I'm sitting in a room with 9 homeschool moms discussing high school stuff- I guess the other dads got the no man memo!
Comets - We need to stock our shelves for the fall, what would you like to see the us carry that we dont?
but not better than my I phone 4s
That is very very cute.
Watchin #beavis&butthead the video #Itsocoldinthed set Detroit back 5 years.. It should have never got directed....
well maybe if i knew that you were ACTUALLY going to keep it them on all day. maybe one day when you come ovaa~
When people over-react. <<<
Been awake since 3am ugh
Doug. Favorite.
Kids Choice Awards <3
It's a grand achievement!
Happy Birthday, Michael Jackson, Your are not Alone...! xoxo's
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com. Ask about our specials and packages.
Too bad Lebron didn't connect with that elbow. I'm sure would've minded to see him get gone...
Did you really think you were offsides when you tried the backheel shot against the LA Galaxy?
One of my favorite Mr Lif lines: "Dudes r actin macho and they don't know why. A famous never written law is that boy shud never cry"
Hey guys, we moved up to No. 11 on Top 30 countdown! It's all because of you. Keep requesting
Trivia was awesome, but how am i so buzzed off 2 beers?!?
My braces, are putting me in misery.
Stalking tweets for Sagittarius things, LOL.
(Robert J. Ringer) Success is not a grand slam homerun. It’s a matter of consistently hitting those dependable singles and doubles everyday.
Ah. I got Lagunitas and 3 Floyds confused for a moment. My bad!
Big monsters are the best! Love your music!!!!!
Lmfao, twitter just makes me angry sometimes, lololol.
i want to actually read this
hahahahhaha!!!!! Yay Ya Yay! I did manage to change my profile picture!
Thanks for the follow... hope to see you tomorrow morning at likemind!
I won the Art and Music gift basket at auction! Will be seeing you soon! :)
busy busy busy and thankful for my clients :)
I'm tired and a little cranky, so you have to make due with: #FF -- luv yas! Have a great weekend!
My stomach hurts so bad :/
I would love one of those beautiful salmon colored shirts!
Batman is poised under any circumstance. Just like Batman, Bosh strikes us with amazement.
Ron Paul says he will stop campaigning but continue to court delegates to strengthen his position at the Republican National Convention.
is live tweeting from the PGA Merchandise Show in Orlando. Check in with her for updates on all the sweet gear.
Did do the credits for #Volver with #PenélopeCruz? loved what did 4 spring!
Be yourself, its the only way of being and feeling beautiful ! <3
Dear pope, why can airplanes fly and I can't?
Yeah iPhone started twitching, what can I say it gets crazy.
Oh the memories!
ain't play for two games lol
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Relying on Jack White and Diet Coke to keep me awake on this gloomy morning.
Now's your time, #Royals. You don't get Verlander in this sort of predicament often. Take advantage of it, dammit!
I swear today is the day without smiles. Rest in Peace Jackie Boyer. <\3
could be used for hunting. Wait nevermind.
RT : Great interview with Tim Talley (Founder & CEO of ULace) look for the interview in the Fashion Issue of !
Ugh I have to go to this stupid thing today
can we go on a movie date? I no longer have a solid movie going friend. its quite disappointing
fuck THE AVENGERS, fuck STAR WARS, this is now MCA DAY.
Is there a bigger waste of time/$ than NFL draft day?
Laura's Catering is now doing all food for The Alumni Club in Stoneridge Plaza.
hahaha havent been on myspace in FOREVER! damn thought i deleted that thing lol
Lip sync?
great point. As convinced as I am that Sarah Phillips has an Indian wiener, I keep hoping for the best... (a black one)
He who dreams of greatness will only find greatness in his dreams
Congrats on trip to NYC. You deserve it and always give credit to team mates. You make us Badgers proud.
Wait. Someone hit our mailbox, then took it. So we also get to buy a post.
Live in Dade County
Don't judge me wen I tweet I just be bored tho
Why do I love you? Because I finally learned what the word means, and you were the one who showed me.
I'm sorry friend ! I hurt your feelings Dx
I do not like to hurt!
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl expected. Pls dm if interested!
People will try and take u there... Smh
I'm not getting much beauty sleep lately...good thing I'm getting a make over tomorrow!
We care about you, your projects, and your needs. We are here to serve you, so how can I help??
No plans for Opening Day? organized an awesome promotion. Buy an I Hart MKE shirt there today and they'll buy your 1st drink!
Some family from Houston is here. Haven't seen them in forever. Too bad the reason is my uncle's funeral.
I know it's the end bit Taylor is full of crap she knows what she said and Lisa even knew that she must have said something!
What percentage of the workforce do you think is "working from home" tomorrow?
It was very good. Go see it.
Resentments will ruin ones life' will bring sickness even death. Clear your soul of it and practice love, peace, joy, wisdom in ones life.
so disgusting.
you dont like the iconic boyz
I looked for you also- I'm the one crossing my arms like a rockstar!! I have a blue M (Old Brewer hat) on facebook.com/kevin.pelkey
beach with my best friend...if I ever find my bathing suit.
What is that?
#Follow my boy and Win a brand new TouchPad with Beats by Dre
We're gonna skate to one song and one song only.
Thanks so much!
I'll be the the 4th
Ran into mom at Potbelly
": Once you lose my trust good luck getting that back."
OK, ill try being nicer if you try being smarter.
How serious is it that you wanna shoot & kill someone?
we are both #PSU students - owner is accounting major. Prof. referred her to them, and I make
You inspire me #mom2summit because of this amazing thing you did and IT'S TRENDING!!!!!!
Yea I am did u change pin or sumn RT : hey where u been? U not on bb anymore??
Game, set, match. Point, Avengers. Game Over. End of game.
Get happy! Happy hour specials every day from 4-7! We've got $3 Chicago dogs, $2 strong beer, and 1/2 price chips & salsa!
I love when people at work comment how I look "drained & tired". Code words for "you look horrible".
I want to say 5/25 but I could be wrong...
FMC Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
After 2 years of supporting Bunbury I'm officially saying he is NOT progressing. Looks like he's getting worse.
I am in all for Digital Humanities and Dirt in western North Carolina
kudos 2 as reward I'll attempt 2 go 24 hrs w/o asking 4 his plan. #wheresBobsplan? Damn didnt even finish the tweet!
happy weekend!!!
So happy that we were able to set the InfoCamp date & venue a full 6 months in advance! Oct 2 & 3 at Seattle Univ: it's gonna be awesome.
WOW- I love the image and quote on slide 13 about drinking water from hydrant. SO powerful!
Mike Stoops is causing Oklahoma to lose!!!
I have not spent this much time on Twitter in months! Today is so slow at work. Got my shit done very quickly.
is getting up to speed with social media. shifting one old idea at a time...
Hearing a great talk by Rey Ramsey from TechNet
I hate funny acting people, acting like u have something to do today, nigga SHUT UP ! sheesh I know who's a good friend and whose not.
UO sells wedding dresses now? seriously?
Being called dida << that isn't my name ..
Aw, thanks guys!
So sore... Oh well, off to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
cupcake!?!? What's good for the skin there? Or does it just smell yummy!?
It might be the fact that he looks like he died three weeks ago and Acura is pulling some Weekend at Bernies shit
Insensitivity is my specialty
OPENING SOON, the culmination of my hopes and dreams Please follow!!
Would LUV it if U would go LIKE my FAN Page on FB Miss Dallas 2012!
This is still fun when I read it. ": I'm way passed the kissing chapter."
battle or santonio in flex?
work hard, ladies and gents. work hard and somethin's gonna pay off. =]
Adele looks like a nice version of Ursula.
Ezra Pound~ Literature is news that stays news.
so I could be doing it wrong with the ratio of frozen/liquid/solid, or the order I put them in, but it overheats sometimes
Your wife is hot. Better get your A/C fixed.
yay! Bring your sign :)
WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! FREE RAFFLE! OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 8-6 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
how do we get in rotation on getbrutal.fm?
140 characters is more than enough to touch somebody's heart or to create a smile. ;-) <3
I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha
Truth! RT "raised" you to be a change agent.Whatever your passion or profession, don't forget that.
HeadShot Tip: You’re the star of your shot, not the background that you’re positioned in front of!
Do you follow any special recipes or do you just wing it and throw in a bunch of shit?
Off to the #tikibarge hearing. Should be a hoot...
honestly so stressed out
bro whats good? I haven't talked to you in forever.
Domo know he funny! I asked him like 20 years ago to DM me! See we know who be playing now
Thanks for the shoutout! I LOVE being a rockstar - LOL! Can't wait for DC mixer with
Thanks Matt! You should, it's such a fun time to be a developer - so many possibilities!
3AM....and I'm listening to "You Don't Want Drama" from 8 Ball & MJG
The principles you live by create the world you live in; if you change the principles you live by, you will change your world.
only get a classic t and classic black or khaki hat combo for $30 thru Oct only.
you're blowing up my timliiiiiiiiiine #notmad actually VERY entertained.
Sweet swapping dreams tonight! Get excited for all the new clothes, shoes and accessories you're going to get at the swap tomorrow!
on the bright side the girl who worked at the taco spot was pretty cute. Lol.
Thank You! RT Thinking While Black: 13-yr-old Jada Williams & "... Life of Frederick Douglass' to Black Education
Hey love, How are you?
It's hard to beat a team when you commit 20+ fouls and they score 35 FTs. UK played a great game. IU just didn't do enough.
Glad you liked it, we both really enjoyed reading it a lot as you can tell.
Thanks!! Cant wait to finally meet u!
“: Sometimes the biggest snakes come in the forms of the prettiest people...#DAM” <yep!!! & the cats right beside you!
Planning to grow my team soon. Lots of work coming my way. Stay tuned ...
#MusicMonday - Tell All Your Friends About I DOUBLE Dog Dare You!
Happy Mothers Day!!! What u doing with ????
Happy St. Joseph's Day!
OMG I know, it's not really a good choice that both bands make cause both fan bases HATE eachother
Fill in the Blank: Gefilte fish to you is ____
cartman becomes a jew!!!!!
is where I get all my framing done. Joseph and his team are amazing! They have framed my last 4 shows and will frame the next one
I think Jabari Parker has won every award available this year!
I ain't finna waste it on no hoes either the could gtf
POTUS takes the stage now.
Its a tough job but someone's gotta do it! ;-)
Hanging out with a good friend. Taking a break from the grind
Good morning twitterworld.
You two forget how to tweet?
Who would you rather have review Caro? I thought it was pretty good!
Every thing you go through, is meant to hurt you or destroy you, sometimes it's just meant to help you find clarity,strength, and hope.
yeah, gotta get a fuel filter tho
We love Chicago! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Chicago!
BTW: You're so much more than you voice lil lady.
Summer Deals: $3 Burger Wed., $4 Big Salad Mon., VIP Tues. at Scholars & 1/2 Martinis ALL SUMMER LONG!!!
Sarah will also be speaking at the Humanities Council's DC Community Heritage Summer Symposium, Tuesday June 22, MLK Library Washington, DC
There are so many different kinds of people out there but sometimes we just have to find ourselves first :)
I been good lol yourself ?
When buying a house,don't let attractive cosmetics influence you.You can buy a tired-looking house, make the cosmetic improvements yourself.
Just had the an amazing pizza. It was lean cuisine but nonetheless so freaking good!
#sotu GO OBAMA!!
Omg omg omg Puck singing Mean omg I'm dying! #obsessed #inlove <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Bored but i'm find :)
Wow! What a great compliment from "New mantra: local, unique, compelling. OK Berlioz Requiem fits all 3"
virginia tech campus
at Sabattic...not too far away drinking PBR.
Intelligent... Duh
Rooftop dance party? Whaa?
Loose lips sink ships.
Tupac's picture looks real but this is not the modern day Elvis Mystery ITS NOT REAL come on
thanks for the repost! ;-)
thank you!
A4 Cancel it. Main opp was in moving it to before the SB and still it suffers. A Blake Griffin dunk can't save it like NBA AS game
Explain to why ur not rooting for the Hawks best match up in next round? Yes, they will beat PHX.
...then the Howard Monroe Show at 9:10 am on your dial at 1370 am to get out the vote.....
: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the silence of the titties
I can access plain rooibos. Take a week for me to get my hands on it. Need sooner? I can suggest a few places...
I should be at home snoring
I am often surprised at the diversity of those who profess love for Disneyland.
I love the website. Totally awesome!
Thx met some great people! : thx for coming even though you had go through traffic to get there.
- validation complete! Follow me :)
Our ideas, like orange-plants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots. - Edward Bulwer Lytton
No offense, but the trailer for the movie j edgar reminds me of a similar movie...the kings speech.
SO MAD!!! Somebody is getting confronted tomorrow.. dont spread lies and think there wont be a consequence!!!
Tomarro is my Birthday!!!!! Please Follow me! :D
colin carr and thomas sauer play at the gardner museum on jan 31 1:30 pm
“: When boys are sweet to their mother.<U+2665>”
If money is the root of all evil ... Im the tree
Oh why on earth is Fantasia your inspiration??
Adding the final touches to another muralistic print.
you have no money to hirer a nazi.. cause your to cheap
Wow I think that was the first time I really enjoyed #thePitch & they showed the winning spot. Is that a first?
Strip club anthem "shake that ass"! Comin to a strip club near you
Radical Something for the rest of the night.
Going to the lake
Tip: If you’re creating a twist, use extra long bobby pins to anchor the style from the beginning, then smaller bobby pins to tuck.
well ya know me mr weirdo ;) hah!
Boxwire has a big announcement tomorrow! Stay tuned!
In the AHL he's on the 1st line in a scoring role..but in the NHL he's mostly on the 4th line in a defensive role..
listen to any intriguing music lately?
office sing-a-long time :)
yes presenting on Toolkit tools! looking forward to connecting again w ya.
#GreenyTheDance is trending, good for great job at dancing and paying your bet.
If U want to make ppl think UR winning, abandoning your compound is not the best tactic. FOOL!
Five Foursquare Tactics to Attract Customers - Carmine Gallo
joseph and the technicolor dream cock.
Reminder: Open call for all FOH positions for Balena tomorrow from 10am until 1pm at Perennial Virant. We look forward to meeting you!
hey hi
did you give in to the urge?
you should totally follow :)
what is Matt laPortas at bat song...I love it!
CST Interpretation Manual provides an explanation & interpretation of CST #survey scores & discusses the 4 basic styles in depth
I have a traffic solution for 400. Build Marta up to windward. Every international city has a train system that is efficient..
I really love Tommy Carcetti's voice. I wanna have it. :)
Thank you! ": Best wishes and congratulations to and on a your big day!!!"
What a finish at last night's #KNEast -
Bill West is on the stage talking about writing, his grandma, and sex jokes !
Grey Rock?
Just told the guy waiter yes mam...
RT Some of our best friends are poor! -ish. And by friends I mean employees.
keep your penis shit I don't need it
Thanks for the Gallery Night tweet!
Thanks everyone you joined #positivechat today! My phone died on the beach at the end. Remember: no dream is dead unless you bury it.
This is not the weather that was predicted
Eating a pickled egg
RT Net Migration from Mexico is at Zero. The real question is with our failing economy when do WE start sneaking across (cont…
just got home. Awesome night. Let's do it again some time. Xx
ugh stupid book reportss :/
Your new addiction? :D
aaahh...freedom before slaughter...important
I am too..I hope they go the shorter way through Iowa. “ busing with all the cool kids”
Finely Sucks!
Fast food noms, cocktails with favorites, and pit bull kinship. I dig tonight.
Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 #abq car wash and laundry
phew what happened to you?
You are almost at 700 tweets!
why are you always tweeting me porn? It looks good btw.
when I grow up, I'm gonna name my baby girl Stacy. So I'll be Stacy's mom. imma have it goin on bitches
big fan of all your tracks :-)
Just trust your life to be wonderful & it will be
No where near ready to #vFit, but thought I'd try some exercise on #Kinect. OMG, thats like hard work!
Spoke in support of Cngrssnl Gold Medal for Montford Point Marines, 1st African-Americans, who include former NYC Mayor David Dinkins
Terrific essay on Looking for Etan Patz via
you have your heart if you really love Austin inside you are all red
I think we all have realized this. Thanks dude.
Wish wash
Her she come , there she go.
haven't seen anything funny on the big screen in a long time.
I wish we had events like this near me!
needs to hurry up and call me so I can go to sleep!
-_- gotta chill
anyone else having issues with the posts from the page they admin on FB not showing in the feed?
I miss you friend
to hard
Well, I'll be sure to watch!
happy #SykesSunday !! Can't wait for the concert tonight!
Here's to the kids who cry late at night so no one can hear them.
aye finally u got it!
It would actually be hard for it to be worse.
Time to learn some more about bookselling techie tools Edelweiss
What a beautiful night for a block party! RT“: McCarter block party in full swing! Big turnout. Free jazz. Runs til 9.”
Have a great Thanksgiving! Eat lots of Turkey and have fun riding!
David Stern...how are you still the commisioner?.
I think for all of us angels seeing happy makes our day(:
Wait! Coach Crean was here?!?
Niggas and most chicks will do anything for pussy and money. Smh
RT : Q4 - What are some of the best resources for course designers to learn?
Braxton Family Values Reunion!!
Good Question: How long will your LEGACY last after you are gone?
Hi Nice article! How do you think #technology enhanced #education has changed the way #students #learn?
Desktop stores tomm feel like its going to be fun
what u on MAB
You all should check out Medici for lunch!
Graduating seniors start partying! Free food and gifts! Come to lobby in Classroom Building 12-6:30 from now until May 3.
Chillin with my bebeh. Watching the #jerzathon I miss my boyfriend tho. Can't wait till he gets off work. #bfwithdraw =/
What's a vampire's favorite dance? The Fang Tango.
Congrats to the for being the first #NHL team in the Conference Finals. Jonathan Quick is my Conn Smythe pick thus far.
I FOUND THE GAME ON TV!
all started with the jamie chants
Lawyer SEO Tip of the Day - Create new content in the form of articles and add them to your site and blog on a regular basis.
I already follow via Your twitter system is vast and redundant.
I doubt I'll forget this game either way.
so struggs right now!
So, yesterday we had a dead rat on our driveway. But today, the two baby birds started their flying lessons!
Routing for Clooney
Yippee!! I have to go check my mail now!!! So stinkin' excited!!!
you can come to Mexico?
This is preposterous!
Did I say #LakeShow I should have said #BLakeShow haha
Design competition al weekend. and backk to little to no sleep.
3 hits, 0 earned runs, and 40k's in my last 21 innings
#AGoodGirlfriend do what she gotta do.
if i get a tweet from lola, then i would be a happy beeing!
Yep just got a craving for some ribs!! #Summer2012 hurry up
Need a Director Cardiology Services? We'll identify Cardio Services Managers and Directors at any hospital anywhere! 513 899 9628
so in love with
1 more follower to 100:D
consider it rep'd Bro. Where should we hang out this afternoon?
oh wow Harry im guess you are loving that? Please follow me it would make me the happiest person in the WORLD <3 love you
And that douche in choir. I'm gonna havesome ass kicking to doz
it was! Watch for the next contest!
Once u take the blinders off, you open yourself up to a world of endless possibilities!!!
I see what you did there
good choice with the confetti cake
Californos has great, professional staff this summer! Be served by Ken, Joel, Mike, Chris, Rosnick, Stephanie, Josh, Jim, Nick, Brian, Adam!
Oh no
Looking Foward To Tomorrow
": Cocaine & X Pills ." Are the reason why bitches die young
Happy Friday! #FF some of our fantastic faculty:
you should see the Courtyard Marriott in Kenya...its a bathroom with a pillow
I can't believe what I'm hearing. This dude is like 50. Still hasn't figured it out Smh
ain't that shit off the chain?!
Uh oh!
I love that!
Fabulous! We must teach students how to handle the REAL world they will live in!
Only god CAN judge you, doesn't mean only god will
I honestly think Lamarcus would win both. And I'm not just saying that just because ima blazer fan.
Bout to go see Pootie Tang and CB4 on the big screen tonight!
Its night night time...
Concert rehearsal then project management class. What a night.
Tonight. Grotto, The in Worth, The Fort. Music and good times. 10pm ish
Let's hope those media giants go for the government-funded gold.
Some people are just on another planet sometimes..
s/o to my new follower ; she bad and got bandz
Even if you only have 30 min to spare, you can get in a good workout and feel better for having done so!
Taking a nap. Exhausted. Pissed off.
naw man. I'll watch it tomorrow.
whats going on everyone
going to my moms
Yes! Sometimes a rejection letter goes straight to the "no" but especially for those well-written submissions, we aim to help.
and people hate west
My heart could burst
RT : The market is every Wednesday Evening from 5-8:00 p.m., in the parking lot at E street and Vulcan...
to setup the pass.
Heard a great talk today by Vietnam veteran Bill Haneke at a Teacher's Institute held at the Virginia War Memorial in Richmond, VA.
preaching politics from the pulpit is wrong. As well, this Bishop is irresponsible
I don't know what I'm more tired of..karkov or this cola.
I ran into a cactus and had to go under extensive surgery to remove all the thorns so I couldn't make it in.
companies & marketers know much of this by sales & prescriptions. drilling down to individual from mkt data eliminates data value
2011 was the best year ever! 2012 is gonna be terrible.
RT : now: panel discussion with Melissa-Jacobs-Israel, Tabitha Johnson, Stephen Abram, Nancy Everhart
Dear please close the roof my face is literally melting off and I'm too young for that, thanks.
Thanks to Citywide Blackout for another great Plectrum Artist Series program. Dann Russo you rocked it with your live set.
just bring the ones he has please:)
Today was a movie day i didnt do nothing today and i loved it.
Is listening to ZZ Top while grilling steaks a stereotype?
He also said that Rage Against the Machines live nearby in Eagle Rock.
I wanna go to australia! So who are in love with in kpop???
I want to be married before I have kids.
Show with was dope tonight!! Tyrese came out on stage
I'm going for a niche market, I know not everyone eats lunch
hey to help out I liked that YouTube video! Have a good workout today!
congrats on your backstage article--very cool!
we having one at Bar 7
Follow back? ;)
<---- is who I was talking abt hanging w/ when we get there! Dre this is my sister.
The drive/flight/walk back always seems the fastest.
things I'm tired of #2; drunk talking idiots in line at Vivace
If I hold the door for you , #BitchSayThankYou !!!
Jordan your second on my list ;)
ya babay!!!! :) thank you!! She has been doing the butt cut FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
I'd like to apologize for my ouvre, which historically has been too heteronormative. Going forward I will try to be more inclusive.
I never drink that white!
Yes. He doesn't have the mentality to overtake Jack though.
Catching up on Castle...
Aw, something is wrong with him:[. Idont like seeing him upset.#fml. -.-
DREAM Killer #8 <U+0096> Do I have to quite my day job in order to run a successful boutique?
why do i put myself in these awkward situations asjdkflawjfiewoafjskld
Friends tell me they've already raised $8,000 for a scholarship in honor of Shaun Wild
yeah! Can't wait for #GroupTherapyEDC!
I'm good at blackops I'm alright in the other ones lol
When life gives me lemons I make lemonade and when life sucks I know eventually I'll bust
I had never heard of it before. What features made you choose it?
it loks like u Reyna make your own rap video in the bathroom
We want all of our expectations met plus a million surprises along the way.
Don't blame others for your lack of judgement
If you just want so some low pitched "noise" and 808 type rumbles with no attack you do NOT want me to play I only do "real" bass OK?
LMAO when a male touches hiself
if i could love a person to peices it would definately be every member of black veil brides i <3 evrything they stand for!! :)bvbarmy4ever(:
is the boss. Its true, tshirts don't lie.
stay tuned we are always workin on something!
Wow swine flu just hit arizona. Damn this sucks.
San Diego tops Seattle 8-1 in inaugural 60yrs+ Hardball Mem Day Tourney at UCSD. SD has largest # of senior baseball teams in USA
My favorite street meat vendor, Rahman's Kwik Meal on W 45th at Sixth, now accepts credit cards.
of course haha
I don't mind the cold stare I get from my peers they cant tell me where im going in life & how 2 get there Its better 2 prepare 2 fail.
i'm going to sleep mad.
Getting food, catching up on my shows then chilling.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net #mlbnetwork merry Christmas and to all a happy holidays
RT : My Nigga Mr.Vault Home LETS GET IT
We're excited to begin interviewing college intern candidates this week!
'I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.' - Brian
lmao mix it all up and it's like uhh.... Anything but normal, and nice!!
ah okayy idk cuz like on the website it seems like they ship it to you
I crack me up better than anybody I know. :D
#Urinary #infections: Prevent it using an extract of #Cranberry, 500 mg, only if you are not taking medication for blood thinning.
wanting to sleep and eat.
#rickygervais has made award shows worth watching again. #goldenglobes. Get 'em Ricky!
I forgot when i'm in a relationship i can't have any friends
Did you call Foursquare?
Happy National Bieber Day! <3
We have something special for people who show up on-time tonight!! See you at 7!!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday !!
The bigger the smile, the bigger the heart ;)
happy birthday!!
we put that song up and didn't tell anyone. Spread it around!
#letsbringback story into the hearts of commercials and photography - Follow Little Weapons
need some help with QR codes...you the guy?
Watching people at the doggy park makes me want a dog of my own but then I think about the responsibilities. :/
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would donate it to the library!! :)
My sister bit my cousin.. so I bit my sister back XD She probably won't be biting ever again.
Tyler's over there ---->
oh my! You need local food ASAP!!
Love love love... Our site is almost ready...! Who wants to test the function with us!!??
the superfans will b at the ball park john, look for us.
#FF in honor of the re-established Trenton Titans hockey preseason opener tonight at proskate!
No, I won't be at the Bonner Brothers show. Sure, DM me when you have some free time. I will follow you back.
that's the pro-Houston spirit I can get behind. Best food city in Texas by a mile.
Chelsea, an amazing game, an amazing win!
Ahh #AGT starts tonight...ohh the memories!! Good luck everyone!
great to see back in the winners circle, felt like the golf world was holding its breath and can now exhale
Butterflies and Gaillardia!
Well I capitalized the V to prevent future confusion. FEEL SPECIAL!
You know, Fidel doesn't allow his people to use Twitter, either.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for making Darlin of the Month and China for making Sweetie of the Month
ah goose I love it so much! :D "it's one thirty already!"
Thanks for giving my daughter your gloves after last nite's game. She was thrilled! U are a class act, sir! Go Sporting and
#Online Mentions totally dead! Nobody tweets to me anymore:( Miss you all <U+2665><U+2665> but yeah I have busy days , haven't tweet a long time. sorry
its not that bad lol
lol , naw bubba it ain't like that & tell Coco she better straighten up before I help her ha !
New business cards are here! Never again will I be stranded at a networking function w/o my contact information. Next step: starting a biz!
Good photo *__*
Give a shout out tonight! Taking orders till 8:30! Some AMAZING dinners:Santa fe Platter, eggplant parm, power pitas +!
how annoying!! I'm sorry!!! :(
MONEY coming to LA on Wed. I am a promoter out here! Hit me up and I will take care of ya!
I have a feeling that the cocktail I'm about to have is going to make my feet feel so much better.
I just want to take a shower
I do what makes happy. People judge and talk shit yeah. I don't care, I won't remember nor talk to most of you 10 years from now.
What happens if Santorum and Romney tie in total votes cast? Just curious.
Lmfaoooo I don't look 12. You're crazy. Lol
yo jack I gots to get with you on some business.
“: Sundance Award winning drama MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, in theaters October 12, 2012.” WAY TO GO!!
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine.
60oz of water in three hours will infact make you pee every 1.56 minutes
When I wore the shirt at TLA, several people asked me what a librarian voice is. Sheesh. Thanks 4am much 4 your congrats. I miss u!
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
why not? Self promotion is 1 of the best...lol cause if u dnt sell u...who else will...
Just order it there, and you're good to go! Tell all of your friends
You're making Twitter work, & I say "Right on!" I see good things in the future for you. Just keep trying. You'll get there!
I understand he was gonna try to get you back last nite but I told him "Not a good idea"
oh ok. what i think you should do is have everything ready to go & then do the meet & greet first so after they can fly out
US & Canadian Librarians: there's just 1 week left to save 50% on CBO backlist titles-there's everything from math to political science!
My hair gets frizzy like really fast.
Since the begining of baseball season are an Amazing record of 18-3. WOW.
thank you!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Today is my birthday. FUCK THAT. Hahaha that movie is the shit Man!
This bitch got on ugg boots. I know yo feet sweaty.
Agreed, but there's something EXTRA-special about watching the sunset on a summer night with Back me up
west good
Seriously hurting... The pain never stops :(
So much studying, so little time... #uhhg I feel like my brain has reached maximum overload and reviewing for exams is pointless...
Its on spike channel
Who is in the city this weekend?
Would have been more awesome if Ryan Dunn did it.
we get them in pretty regularly - give us a call to talk about specific size/style and rockin revivial status: 225-767-0975
Best part of Hurricane Irene? #patcollins on
One of the better papers a thoroughly-reasoned analysis of each of the voices in the Backstreet Boys, and their individual appeal.
Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Star Wars Cosplay
Out of school , HOLLLAAA !
Debating who to call first....
Why let it pass?
Check them out :D
RT : Need to remember which growlers I've been using for developer/fixer and which I've been using for beer.
Mump just wanted to see if it matched his snuggy
April Smith #colors...great kazoo!
Hearts feeling heavy tonight
Are the SFDPW key maps unavailable right now, or is it me?
Welcome Jeff! Thanks for the support! xo
If you have linked your accounts, you should be able to do all the stuff within both accounts. 'switch-acc.' in top right? Hmm...
Ok i'll see tonight
And randomly, we are 1 person away from our 100th like on Facebook! I'm fairly happy with that!
Come see me for your waxing needs this Sat-Mon.
Who would be stoked if we launched our online store?!?
Faried is a BOSS. Hittin the free throws
Haircut! I look different, uh oh.
Who's your #Valentine? "Where there is love there is #life."
"His note to everyone is: be more David Mamet" "Her note to everyone is: be more Gene Wilder" (#dareproject chatter)
your name is being cursed on the other side of the world. you should be proud.
But listening to Wunderlic guy creep on was certainly entertaining...
Miami Gay Men's Chorus Tackles Bullying
Who is coming to the Chili Cup tonight?
We should have done our best to see another day, but we kept it all inside until it was too late.
My house is not a fun place to be right now
Flushing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
yes please!!!! I miss seeing your face!!!
Late for school.
It's been a while since I've looked at you guys...I'll take a look and DM you if you follow me. I can be a resource to you.
good point. very good. But we rarely see FDR in a wheelchair.
YMCMB is on the decline though, make no mistake about that. Drake carrying it right now. Nicki, Tyga and Cory are nice too.
WTF Time Warner. why are you so shitty?!
I understand the situation, but come on, we can still hybrid frogs and zebras
At least he didn't dry hump the star this time.
Back In Time - Pitbull . That's the song you were telling me about yesterday? With the guitar thingy?
Fruit cup, nice. Way to go mom.
hahah hell yeah
......Forgive, and have fun, because it's about having fun.... last one? Be faithful.'
it's memorial day! 1 hr 45 min waits! idk how many times I can say bad timing lol if u do call ahead sdatif
I SHOULD ASK HIM HA. ;D BUT WAIT HE DOESNT FOLLOW ME. OHDAMN THAT SUCKS
"Green Jobs" -- Like green fruit, not good for much and if you ingest them they can make you sick.
I'm about to buy a guitar. yay!
I miss you so much. <3 You should come to DA after AP testing.
RT : Great time with at last night!
Thanks, John! We look forward to taking VERY good care of your guests!
Busy day at the shop! working on a side of beef and getting to premier our NEW WEBSITE!!!! stay tuned!!
Watching "Bring It On" :) HELL YEAH!
not today...what's your school/work schedule like
Final round of workshops w/Ricardo starting tonight :( New choreography!! Friday, Saturday, Sunday, still time to join us @ 226 SE Madison
In Atlanta working on a project! Hometown, Tampa...
Welcome aboard, Cadence! “: starting new twitter page for Cadence Magazine on April 17, 2012”
Hey & - hope you don't have plans tonight cause you're going to the game! Come to JH 033 to get your tix!
Goal of the Day: Keep up with friends. Once a day fire off an email to a friend that you haven't talked to in a while. It's quick and easy!
Not too bad here. How about you?
Looking forward to this weekend's trip. Headed to see family in Jacksonville, TX. It's going to be fun!
thanks for talking up Ohio. Picked them to win 2 games solely on your insight. Can win my pool. 98.8 pct on espn.
we are very happy to have you hope you are enjoyING
Love me some My bestie and SMOH. ;) see you in one week!!!!
did'ya find it? Is it available in the UK?
Wow.. I love the one about the onion. I have one of my own :Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass. It’s about dancing in the rain.!
Would you guys know if you were by chance submitted for an Emmy nom? Best comedy hands down.
OMG I seen s tweet. Its so true. Who ever Forwards anymore?
what u think of that marvel game on fb ?
On a money mission
Power out near Woodlawn Lake.
loved the column
Incentives are not a substitute for intrinsic motivation.
Watching a super boring movie. :)
Stressed Out!!!!!!
Do you use git for binary game assets? Please let me know. I'm considering it for code, but would like to use the same tool for both.
We were sitting in our event space and the sun was literally blinding us! It was AMAZING! Hopefully you'll get some sun soon!
Really?? Johnny Depp will play Tonto?? An Indian... in a movie filmed in NM. I didn't realize there was a shortage of REAL Indians. ugh
Not Likely.:) RT : It would be nice at the Verizon event on 1-11-11 if Steve Jobs was there to make the #iPhone. announcement .
Weather updates? I'm not near a TV.
I had to unfolow because twitter put a limit on my followers and unfollowed pepl by itself
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
What scares me is there is one question to life, but so many answers, and the fact that no one could be right. I will still keep my Jesus.
can you bring me my shirt tomorrow
I used to be judgmental... But God!!
Im watching!
I so #Blessed :]
Fashion Geek today Shout out my nigga
Does a picture exist of Dick Fuld smiling?
Calling all artists! If you want to be involved in our next benefit we are looking for 4 bands, and 4 clothing lines for a fashion show, DM
yeah I do I'm just hesitant to give up Kobe unless it's a sweet deal
I think I am going to see how many Gotye covers I can collect.
yes. Im fishing with :)
NBA players wear the same thing every game. Rondo sometimes wears a headband, then doesn't. That means....
is there somewhere in downtown chicago I can find Lions gear?! I forgot my shirt!!
thought you'd appreciatte that
I just finished a 4.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
That's all I have to say about that... smh
Could you have not taken the pic directly in the sunlight. You're killing my eyes LOL
On Wednesday, March 16 we will be hosting a FREE Open House from 5pm-10pm w/BALSAMIC & OLIVE OIL tasting & a discussion about herb gardens!
Finally the crickets have gone and the dogs are out hahaha Wackass Lakernation
Any party tomorrow
I hope a giant black cloud blocks the sun for u
what if their mom died, that would be awkward..
Ya, its sad! Would love to have some sites unblocked and trying to figure out a good selling point, Any ideas?
Lol, like I said...have fun and good luck.
I love perfume on men.. the right kind and just enough of it is sexy, too much makes me nauseous.
people think because we lost to the giants to the players they dont have to worry about the #packers... sad for your team
Isn't the We Are Wisconsin rally/march still scheduled? Get good information, please.
The Tigers offense has been very disappointing since opening weekend
Get her a sea salt chocolate chip cookie from Avalon! RT : Lunch with Jody in from LA trying to draw her back to
Your enthusiasm is duly noted. Which chewed at your soul more before release? Innistrad or Mirrodin?
What the??? New twitter?
Late Night Run To #SKstudios w/ and
My tie matches Danielle's shirt! Isn't that interesting?
And our phenomenal "music videos" haha
I thought it looked familiar.
you are my love!
thanks for that invite
That is my new roatry evaporator. Through distillation I can extract volitles one by one and capture intense flavor
4 days of rest wus good, but im ready 2 go back 2 work...
I've never felt so bad and depressed on hearing about the death of someone I didn't personally know, like I do in the case of Whitney H...
RT : RT : What are the most common mistakes that training designers make?
Cannot wait to get this dumb brown out of my hair ! Blonder hair we shall meet again tonight !
I owe #LaurenMcKenna a million majjurs for this bus ride.
most certainly will!
Thanks all of you amazing people for the follow and you all get a follow back :D keep following!
or even renaissance
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) auburn rules
the slangs gotta be different! Don't some parts speak French though?
NYEMYE2012 DOT COM
continues to impress :)
San Marcos video on TAMI gets fewer hits than a cat video on youtube. How do we determine target audience in DH?
haha I've never really heard anyone use that. Grew up just west of Rochester so it's always been pop...
yeah my phne is fkn up...smh I call ppl and it says call failed
Based on his pictures...that dude can cook! I've often wondered if he makes his own doilies tho...
missing my #Knick games tho, catch up after I return from
Game @ Lake Shore Lynx cancelled for tonight. To be made up after the regular season
I have all of my money riding on to win the Celebrity Apprentice.
Good morning, Atlanta!
Thanks for the shoutout. It's interesting and it works. We'd like to note that you can choose to risk $, but you don't have to.
Apparently there's some sort of awards show on tonight? Where people get statues for movies no one has seen? I'll have to look into it...
So excited to see The Avengers tomorrow (:
Fine! I'm just gonna throw away my "Hank is my Homeboy" t-shirt. RT : I'm not Fred's friend.
the May Fair 2012 is here! Saturday, 11:00 AM - 3 PM. Admission is free! Pony rides, Face painting, food and more!
Haha! It does!
Lol, anyone wanna fill me in on the VMA's? i miss the first parts DX (:
You too girlie!
Spending the morning with Broad Ripple Village Assoc. small business owners at 10-01 Food & Drink.
Pacers vs Heat! Who should I root for?
What's new in the Music World? You tell us...
Thought that was a good solution, hangin with the raisin girls
Should all fans start sending Scoops in support of the show?
Yes sir.
wouldn't 24 hours off still be on time?
Place on Jefferson by the Villages?
Thanking within 24 -48 hours is the gold standard--you are absolutely correct!
I like ur flow! It's smooth but has attitude. Strong. I'm gonna check out more of ur stuff! <3
U.S. identifies remains of troops in Afghan crash
I smell like pizza
I love you too boo:)
Ok, I thought this yellow cart was a baby carriage, it was a mop bucket. Wow..Cece
esp. if he's right
FAQ: Does case # stay w/client or property? Stays w/ property. If they don't buy property, they won't be grandfathered in on higher limits.
Where can you find 6 specialty Bloody Marys, 6 specialty Mimosas, & Eggs Benedict? Our Brunch running 11am to 3pm.
oh my gawddd lol i haven't seen you for ages Aha i miss you Ami :P and im no lame lmao
250 foster kids hunt for Easter Eggs Thurs April 5 @ 2pm at Clark County Govt Center Amphitheater (500 S. Grand Central Parkway)
Geno isn't going anywhere. Though, honestly, I would rather he go then Staal.
okay well I have a suggestion? ? Maybe I don't know lol
Cville must know. RT : 5 Y.O. daughter interested in astronomy wants to suggest name for P4. Anyone know how? (Pls RT)
Cause she wsss R A T C H E T !
#IfWomenDidNotExist men would walk around not knowing what to do
#tweetyour16yearoldself all of those boys don't really like you for your brains.
Its crazy. 10 years ago today, Allen Iverson said the word "practice" at least 24 times in a single press conference.
7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players w/special gifts- next on
Someone come see Cabin in the Woods with me tonight. I'll go by myself if i have to.
ITunesU - learn anything, anytime, anywhere
The only people that care to text are &
": Obama will address nation live tonight at 7:30 pm."
you're gonna watch porn? Is it a lesbian porn?
please tell her man :/ ! Cuz i knew u used to like her idk if u do still ... That's why she won't pick >.<
When I win the #Megabucks lottery, I'm going to buy 's hair!
Are you guys using Fireworks or Photoshop for your web/ui work?
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
RT : My Hoosiers are going to be on 's show today at the giant bracket! I'm on standby to come down and give high 5s!
big party of sadness like half an hour ago lol
Brought 2 egg whites and a little bit of bacon for free bagel day and damn, did a package of taco bell fire sauce set that off.
haha it was on vibrate so it started shaking the bed haha
I miss you so much words can't even explain <3 P.S. Love the background :D
Ah. Asking b/c I know a guy everyone calls Tiger (b/c of the resemblance) in Columbia but that isn't his legal name.
Why the fuck are you here seriously. All you do is give me shit about money that's mine and piss me off.
did you ever see the girl again??
Got the poster printed for #JCDL2011 It's the first time I am going to visit Canada!
Rest in Peace MCA! !!
What a beautiful day here in NYC. Could not ask for a better way to start 2012.
Cooley Hires Leading Silicon Valley Partner Drew Williamson
thanks! i blocked the person
Home Is In Your Eyes makes me cry so much
": Ryan Braun broke Twitter." I believe it.
If the fight cost the sameas ur whole cable bill 4 2 months... Step ur plan up hoe
hello my TWEET'S hope everyone had a great weekend!!!!!!! can anyone make a monday a different day///lol....just chillin...
hoes mad cause they not in my shoes. bitch im doing something with my fucking life, wtf you doing? aw.
thanks!! it's what I do!
I'm listening to for the last damn show time. Hell yea I'm going!!!!!!!
Mama Bear: "Can't you just buy a big house so I can have a wing to myself?" Me: "No. Old people home. For sure."
On the road to Omaha to pick up my darling Mama from the airport! Haven't seen her in almost 7 months. So excited to see her :)
Sometimes things don't change .
Morning Twitter !
Damn . when i talk about her i start to miss her << Putting all your trust in one person is never healthy.
Zach- I've been trying to explain that to people all my life.
Nice. I want to watch that with you! and Roseanne, yahhh
We're just getting warmed up down here on Fremont Street at Vegas Streats - stop by!
Nice to meet you too! Thanks for connecting us Megan!
I see.
God is good :)
I once tried a peanut butter and banana sandwich because "face" on nickjr told me it was his favorite
State Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted - new AZ GOP Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention -
7-13-94 Awesome show. I found a wallet in the grass lot with a couple thou cash in it. Turned out to be Waldos.Greattentshow!
<- Him Has 2 talk 2 Killers & Folk who say "How that work out 4 U" this week!! *Heart 2 . Dirty Bomb talk* #Sacrifice means
to my latest and greatest followers -- thank you so much for following
One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius. -Simone De Beauvoir
is the best person ever (:
before coffee - I meant "what" & "why" conservatives have the views that they do. I can't believe I am getting nasty responses
It will stay up to a half hour.
your a beast. and your absolutely beautiful btw.
You know my #nerves bad trigger like a toothpick .....
Makin major changes to the life Im living
I know Gamel's no Fielder, but shooting seems a little harsh.
awe thank you(:
#PresidntAoun is on #WBUR right now talking about college cost.
Neither. Those are both for sailors, like me! “: more hipster: mustache or forearm tattoo?”
Will there be an event this year in 2012 and do you have any tenative dates?
However, some smartphones have a roaming option, that disconnects email, MMS, web browsing and other data services.
WOW!!! They put it on that ass boy! I guess like the saying goes... Don't mess with Texas!
Thank you so much!!!!! <U+2665> All love to you for your sweetness and kindness for a shout out to me! 3 <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
I am going into my #vessel and having a #rebirth. Excuse me as I disappear
Wherever you are, whatever has happened, in every situation, consider yourself truly blessed. Because you are.
morning baby. te amo belleza :-* talk to u soon
Me too! :D But she hates it..
one of my favorite places! When is your LA trip?
mix mix mixin it up, sounding awesome so far
The hardest part of letting go is realizing the other person already has.
RT I Wish I Could Find Trey Songz Acapellas , I Would Make Hella Trey Songz Club Songs /: lol
Good morning & Good afternoon to you!! I'm off to work after I finish the daily pimping! lol I hope u have gr8 day! :-) xoxo
My hair needs to get pretty fast...
Old folks at the Giant Eagle are crabby today.
Relaxing at the crib such a wonderful feeling
power back on now, whew! missed seeing Gino's injury
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experiences and invest them in the future
I was moved by ur Wordpress link and the kind words u said about my stuff. Thanks & we need more like u! Stay in touch! Voo
I will be forever happy
muttafuxkin right my pockets feeln kinda tight
You and tequila make me crazy;*
watched the bora bora show this am - made me rethink the trip to costa rica-looks fantastic!
Bye :D good night.. dream about edward..hahaha in ur case carlisle XD!
The SIS conference is in full swing at St.Andrews Uni! Today at lunch we're giving away copies of various Italian journals from our stand!
Excited about our upcoming Community Garage sale in April!! Spring Cleaning to the max!
Can't go to sleep and I have a reason.
I fucking HATE mosquito bites!
Do we really have to make make fake twitter accounts to hit our goal? ;)
I'll always remember #SB46 as the one that got away...
Just voted! I miss the levers. The scanners seem to break & encourage election workers to take long looks at your ballot.
Life is every mans kingdom
The awkward moment when people ask me about my sex life..
Think of it as a reflection on the year and all your successes!!
#MonkCompetition : pls post video for players right away so viewers can review. Edit the clips as the show is going on to save time at end.
The power is out at Ohioana, so we will be closing early! Have a safe and wonderful weekend!
You're at the Stephen M. Clement House. The Red Cross!!!
I bet doesn't know, but we could teach him.
Pop open the bottles and celebrate.
Wow!!! I am so surprised you tweeted this!!!
Driwght Howard staying, yes no yes no yes
I started my essay !(:
That's #horseshit <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
same with (who never tweet). I gotta plug , and as well.
hey I've heard that song I like it. Is he a Christian artist??
Patrick Gym will always have fond memories for me and many Vermonters incl: high school games, camps & UVM games.
shavers for black men
For sure! Would love to be introduced.
I'm enjoying your critical analyses of god(s). They align with my own reasoning.
"I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok."
` #NP- Birthday Cake ft Chris Brown (;
Jillsky! Get better quickly! And hey, it could have panned out worse. At least it's not stereo!
We break up and that hurts enough but then you walk past me and you laugh with your friends like nothing happened while im dieing inside
I feel like classes before 12 should be illegal
Buyer Tip: Choosing the right agent is critical. Find someone committed to you before, during and ESPECIALLY after the sale.
I need someone to txt me...im so bored.
doesn't matter to me which one.
Soon! As soon as possible; probably another week before the street labeling is done. Then - freewayless 1914.
no you!
okay thank you<U+2764> no problem, and sure :)
Yes in East Walnut Hills
Missing your goldie locks fro. What's new?
people can be so ignorant!
sorry Mr. Bot, you must be drinking too much coffee, your tweets fill too much of my stream-buh bye.
Emailed 2 of my favorite illustrators for commissions. 'Cuz you know it's not like I have a gross of unframed prints or anything.
when troy go to alc
You produce a finished product after a lot of initial, messy writing work. No one whips off a final draft. There is nothing wrong with you.
Here & now you say all the cutest things, then get scared and walk away.. If that's what you really want.. Don't let me stop you, but before
I'm so cold
#Sucks RT “: #Canada”
Loving the fact that put in his place.
No, the Children's Room does not do your taxes for you. We don't even make the appts. Why would you think that?
Ha! Now I have to watch that episode. He flew out the wide open door...
Today is not my typical saturday, potential client meeting then off to the #BronnerBrothers hair show. Who's in ATL?
so should a girlfriend then, right?
Oy! You looked like a Hasid! So glad you got rid of it; I'm starting to kvell! Maybe now you'll meet a nice Jewish goil!!!
I can only imagine.
I wish some bitches cn just keep ot
Cop's want to ruin our night we not having it put your gun down and have a beer bro its been a long day lol
Congrats to Roger McDowell, 2011 winner of the John Rocker Humanitarian Award.
Just bought a magnolia tree . . . I'm very excited to have its messy flowers blown into my gutters.
that's a random pairing (Regina and Petty) but I would totally have gone if it came through here.
is so happy it is Friday, she is downright giddy - between conference calls and meetings that is....
would love to come just send details!
Great to see you on Twitter! Missed you at POCC. Hope to see you soon...
thanks girl
u is sexy
them hoe ass west memphis boys better hope they dont get caught in Marion. on god. you gon get plucked 1 by 1. BITCHES!
I will! When will you be getting to MKE??
Starting class next week with the great ! Very excited to work open the toolbox and get to work! Starting off with Wilson's Jitney!
Another icing by the
currently cracking up by myself at my desk listening to your podcast and getting strange glances from coworkers.
Inside scoop from today, the new add Robert on the show was picked up while workin at #Trader Joes. love the staff.
lol yea I just really recovered from it about 2 days ago..I see you're still kickin! Thats good to see lol
That's a good start to a home library.
You deserve it man, somebody gotta hold down the carolinas im just glad it was the right person much love homie
Tax deductible.
First Apple interview officially set up for tomorrow at 5:30. I am a jolly man
Check out the Point Loma Ocean Beach Realty Association's new website! www.plobra.com
We in da championship
lol ok then but you LOVE it w/ Me.
werd me too. I got exams all next week then I'm done.. U get to ride in the new whip
It was kinda awkward cause everyone just staress... Not my fault.. -___-
Just two more years until I'm 18, woah.
If Rajon Rondo is suspended for #Hawks - #Celtics game 2, Atlanta improves from 52% all the way to 71% for that game.
Last night, I won 5.50 from a dollar at Aria! Came up, 550% profit! Solid.
so true I love it!!!! I bet people look at us and laugh at us and we don't even realize it Haha
"Most amazing bbq sandwiches I've had in San Francisco! Thank you Memphis Minnie's" - Thank You Iann I.
Receive email (contract, non disclosure, etc), print, sign, scan, upload, email - Repeat
RT : If you're currently reading this tweet, I'm currently sad about UConn basketball. #SecondHalfTeam?
that doesn't mean your smart!!!! >:)
still a ton of stuff to move over to the new laptop… you know, basic stuff like email and files.
Ag Commish Comer and I will be holding a joint presser at 11 a.m. Wed. at the Dept. of Ag to make an announcement. Stay tuned for updates.
I'm putting through #childlabor right now.
With Scorpio it's impossible to answer without seeing the chart. Sorry. That's just the way it is right now :)
Is in a dark room drinking scotch with a dog. Well actually he isn't drinking...
What part of once a MASHOLE always a MASSHOLE don't people understand... even if I live in LA currently...GO PATRIOTS...
I'm 100% for Chris Christie running...or biking, or engaging in literally any other form of physical activity.
trying to think of a fun theme/performers for docent/volunteer appreciation night anyone have ideas?
I want to put a ding in the universe.
you havent got your permit yet?! Lol
you comin out this way this weekend
Almost game time! Cards fans click like and wish our boys well!
CA? Where are you?
Thank you very much for the #FF ! I hope for you it translates to a Fantastic Friday.
BANNERS only $4 per square foot!!! Banners are printed on 13oz Vinyl material & finished with grommets, call today! 720-542-6105
you held on to me and i carried you like weight.
That awkward moment when your not tired but you know that if you don't sleep.. tomorrow isn't gonna be exhausting -.-
haha awesome. Dude wanna check something out real quick?!
Each chapter should have: a hook (strong first sentence), a cliffhanger (at the end), and a point (justification for its existence)
You claim you love me more than anything.. Prove it.
If i catch you bootlegging my mixes get
Overnight oats are miraculous. They're like sugar-free pudding. With great carbs and a decent kick of protein. I'm a fan!
Finally a fitness motivator I can get into! Hope to see you on the course in WA - but not as dinner
: I agree on Pat Casey and it's concerning how many good guys are feeling burnt out!
Hold on. Is #Syracuse really losing to UNC-Asheville?
A few of the photos from a lovely wedding at Hotel Parq Central are posted on my blog
Loved the pencil sharpener story. The artist seems to be brilliantly combining sincerity, satire & humor. U captured it perfectly
I updated avid codecs on my PC, don't know what it means but made me feel smart-like when I put on glasses
My goal is to walk side-by-side with Pittsburghers and conciliate them before the 2013 election.
SOMEONE SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING OMG
. Wow Really ? Sounds like pain to me.
How is there not yet an epistemological punk band called "Unknown unknowns"? Those songs may or may not write themselves.
whats the first?
"It gets late early out there."
#Yaay... lunch deal it is!! Is beach in the plans??
lol! Should I be scared?? Hehe jk. :) and it's Sunday! :)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXOXOXOX
Good night. I love you...
Holy shit....time to pull #Yovani before this becomes a joke. 4 HRs in 2 innings pitched so far.
Have to take a Tylenol PM because I went to bed too late last night. Hoping I don't wake up and bang on the walls screaming for help again.
bahahaha. That was too funny.
0-4 not a good start for him.
Thanks for following!
hahahahaha!! That's awesome! Well we are gonna have to have meetings for the club. Any ideas?
I see that Jerry Millen has been tweeting about JMMA a lot these days. Please tell me he doesn't have something up his sleeve.
RT Omg I forgot I love sweet potato fries from Louies!!! word
Finally on root to Brooklyn can't believe i over slept and it seems like transpation doesn't want me to leave rockaway.
good luck this weekend! Have fun!
Viewpoint: Broadening marriage definition acquiescing to 'whims of a few' - South Washington County Bulletin
Go Big, Young Friends - GW
#amahouston Brand Extract Winning!
I'd like to think when you start becoming the right man, the right woman will be easier to find.
what's info on the screen printing
How you been fam? It been a long time fam
Ha ha, everyone has been telling me about this. I entered yesterday!
JL.org is still publishing. Thanks to WP's schedule feature. Other events on family blog. (Ping for url.) And some here.
CQ! Whats your pick for the tonight's game?
Did u know u can get our album on Itunes & Amazon? U can even listen 2 it on YouTube before U buy it! www.youtube.com/themattwaynemusic
First bonfire of the year
Nice Trib review for your crew.
“: What an awesome win- not the way we drew it up but I'll take 1-0 no matter how we get there. Great job
haha you don't know that
TMJ SYNDROME NOW BEING TREATED WITH BOTOX® TO PRODUCE IMMEDIATE RELIEF FROM PAIN & DISCOMFORT OF THE JAW AT AZ-TMJ
SKD Audition Finalists will be performing on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6am! Make sure u tune in!
Of course. It was a simple oversight on my part.
another adventure in Barbour county, WV :-)
French toast?
LOL could have fooled me
Time is the most valuable thing you can spend.
I'm not listed yet, assuming I qualify (library faculty liaison to the SOC). Up to you!
Congrats of , named Outstanding Sorority President at !
I think you are!
omfg. Alright , thank you (:
We hope you have a happy and meaningful Passover!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! Off to a Saints game Christmas party. Who dat!?!?!?!
Thanks for the great article about New Nextdoor websites are being started all over the country!!
For immediate release: Cinci pot-core outfit xResinx announces debut 12" LP "YOLO" and pre order packages to go with it.
Excited and ready to make an impact tomorrow, volunteering w/thousands of my Deloitte colleagues! June 10th is #IMPACTday!
You have achieved success if you have lived well, laughed often and loved much. ~ Author Unknown
oh geez. another plus is that no laptops were involved, in which case your keyboard would have meant your whole computer.
did they actually use that phrase...'link juice"?
Off to see a #play at the #Cherry Lane,
I'd like to paint my kitchen, but i'm never in there.
yay! Always wanted to be cool :)
- Mark Leave my friends alone.LOL hi Brad and Kim. Xo
I don't know but he stinks and I don't like him.....
#ff cause I said so. And because you may find it amusing.
Peasant revolutions in #china? Not as much a threat as educated unemployed youth or the cab drivers with English degrees?
Campion wraps up a compelling Music Players season
Even if you don’t like #basketball you can still build relationships during #MarchMadness. Go be #social! SeanLetwat
thanks for the add! where can i find some of your music? i'd love to hear some...
Ah -- another fringe festival....interesting correlation there.
that's awesome! So happy for you!!
FUCK YEA!!!!! #GOBLUE BIG TEN CHAMPS BABY
I told them not to serve you...
Don't let criticism destroy your self-confidence. Keep striving to better yourself
thanks to my newest followers and
you have no idea how excited i just got for the catan app! thx for the link
The first question at today's news conference is about Chen Guangcheng's status.
Hate bein ' sick .
Sometimes the smallest things mean the most!
What was photographic memory called before photographs?
IN A FANTASTIC MOOD! EUROPE IN 2 FRICKIN DAYS!
no laughing!!! can you ask bryant what time are we going to the gym?
Nice when? anything good?
what?! You're going to tell me you didn't have an Abercrombie viser too, aren't you.
Jill Milligan - grandmother/comedian/author - live right now at www.parentingunpluggedradio.com - check it out.
when i good thing goes bad its not the end of the world its just the end of a world - drake
Bounce that ass, it's the roundest.
Yayayaya let's go
give me a number & I'll have my team call u
of cause we will!
you have no idea, how real I thought it was..
#GodOvaMoney make money but don't allow money to make or change who u are as a person God is your number one priority follow me
that's the jam!!!
. FTW RT : I checked it out - super cool. thanks. #bootcamp6 OMG I am tweeting.
Just saw Rising Sun's #StripperLesbians!!!!The show rocks only 4 perf left!!! Tix @ Red Room 85 E4
Watching To Kill a Mockingbird with Viggle Sat | 5PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
cant find u.add me... iDiezel
STAMPED-N-DIVAS TAKING OVER !!! LEGGO!!!
Hey boo:)
Thanks everyone who came to the volunteer meeting. WordCamp is looking to be epic this year :]
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Just saw CityCenter production of Sondheim's Merrily we roll along. Amazing.
Only the strong survive...
Have you been outside yet?
aight i will bro.
Miley Cyrus just named her new dog Mary Jane...and you guys wonder why she's my fucking role model.
what a dream! it would be so much fun.
Oh btw that cat I took into my room and forgot about was fine. He was just hanging out under the bed. I've named him George Hamilton.
is en route to Stanford for the SLSQ Emerging String Quartet Program!
"Yes of course I remember. How could I forget , how you feel ?"
He's the sweetest thing ever!
Attend our #wawlive session #Compensation, Fix Employee Pay! w/
#musesocial Learning via SM-- I'm really curious to hear ideas or projects about this!
Oops! Sorry about that. It was a mistake.
~who is the awesome guy sporting the Blazers jersey? is it Jamal Crawford?
Jim Harrison: "...at home in the MInneapolis airport, which was filled with thickish, whey-faced citizens of the Great North." Sounds right.
yeah, he went out..i went to look for him and he had tucked himself in...so i put his crate out there in case he wants to get in
I need advice...
I love my city #Boston But I love my home more #WestVirginia /
Register for the Del Valley Fathers & Families Conference - www.DVFFC.org.
The road to success is always under construction.
lol i see you got the memo
Welcome Sonora! Thank you.
Great weather in DC today. What's it like where you are?
#idol - Phillps is so cool and so unique. He should be around for quite a while.
I see how it comes off like that, but that's not what I'm trying to do. Just trying to provide the best coverage I can for all.
love to see the site is SO CLOSE!! thanks for your patience.
hell yeah. (:
This guy that looked EXACTLY like Maika Maile just came in. If I didn't see his ID I seriously would've bet money it was him.
hey thanks for following me i followed you back.:D
Bend Oregon is ready for you! After the concert, come through the Official Afterparty at .
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create. - Leonard Sweet
most definitely
great ill check in see if it happens
I like the thesis. You should chat w/ about the project. She's a twitter pro
Basically if you don't talk to me first, i'll never talk to you.
Than then effect affect their there
“: trash and graffiti wax” RT couldn't have said it better.
Serious? Tony's day destroyed.
S/O to gor remebring,my birfffday this weekend and facebook did not help her. (:
yup. Just hit me!
Well. Looks like it doesn't freeze up my Talib Kweli on Pandora. Fine universe I will just listen to music and dance in my room then.
I'll be there for #lecole41 tasting tonight!
once upon a time the world gave birth to a Asian planet and they attacked us and we all died and lived happily ever after!
Fresh legs and a lot of energy
Que paso hermosa ? :/
Long ass day today lets see if I make it to the talent show
feral ponies are poetry
no it's just changing & merging w/ other mediums. It's all about the digital world, but always know the foundation of journalism.
Yep, got it. We'll get back to you shortly! :)
SPRAY CHEESE?!?!?! hahahaha and yeah don't tell her... lol
ACORN.-THE REST OF THE STORY. Fans of Breitbart will not be happy . watch video deposition now part of a 10news report at 5pm EXCLUSIVE
That looks nicer than my own bed...
Steak Night and Coog Football!
It's cloudy with sprinkles in Seattle today so I am studying and practicing my music charts. Time to make a nice cup of green tea.
straight like dat
great considering we got no sleep last night
Tonight's Dear Harvey!
I guess it's bedtime.
Interesting session on SMART tables. Aimed at elementary age, thinking about higher ed applications.
Great! Glad you're enjoying.
I have the most disturbing conversations with miranda.
ugh ugh ugh i need to sleep.
to #OWS: any idea of how many times that NYPD chopper has to buzz #UnionSpare b4 refueling? Thank you everyone!
see u next week???
Looking Good!
RT : Eileen Ivers ticket holders! After tonight's show, show your ticket stub at Patrick O'Shea's, save 10%.
Thanks! RT : Happy Wednesday to my new followers
Welcome. This is my first time as well.
Tonight -- UCI staff free throw shooting contest. Last time I shot a free throw? Last year's contest. This is not a recipe for success.
Great hanging out with last night as always. Buying/selling a house in the DCA? Punch yourself if you're not using him.
www.knowledgesafari.com <-- click blog to join a discussion abt self esteem #specialneeds and more! c u there.
Clark Kent spotted in Jacksonville FL!
one of my fav with the ravens, but go
Tonight Clay Kasdorf set a school record by scoring 48 points.
B.o.B. and Taylor Swift have a song together?
Let me know what ya think about our music PM me
i get mine thursday
Cup of coffee number two.
being copied is the highest form of flattery
New favorite film: The African Queen. An amazing piece of cinema. -And at least they were trying with the green screen.
my eye wont stop twitching
Doing some major content retooling on Ana-themrecords.com. Lots of #cobwebs friends!
aww what happened??
*Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries (:
- we just experienced our first 2nd line - amazing - felt the love!
Hedo Days Aug. 6&7 - see and Live band Slippery Whenwet, Pig Roast, bouncy house, photo booth, body painting & more!
I wish there wasn't a limit of letters for a tweet, because then I could SUM UP my love for you :)
Watching the M3 festival on HDNet. Waiting for Queensryche!
I have no words, other than 'I need a drink'.
Kristi, I happen to know of a fine place for an engagement party, or a rehearsal dinner.
RT : “: #Seau I will be there Friday. #SanDiego will always miss you.” I can't come... But I will always miss him!
My mommy just forced me to eat my veggies, I feel like im 5 years old ...smh
Come by the tonight to check out MONDAY NITE ESCAPE w and get $30 Virgo Party Tix! #VIRGO2K11 with
Who's ready for Sworn In?
“: Wear black tomorrow, Wisconsin. Pass it on. #wistandoff #NotMyWI #wiunion”
OMG amazing Incredible super bowl halftime show love
what do you need me to do?! Cuz I'm down.
Hey, Rinn! We were never co-followin' before? Thought we was.
I'm really excited that the Journey's at Metropolis has Toms now!
ZUZU has been rocking!! Come and be seen. ZUZU is the place!!!
why do we iclude in all of our tweets ;) haha i thought that was funny
Please Follow Back Thats My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
RT : I think you mean "sneak peek"..haha thanks for the correction
CSW is pretty easy. It's only 100 question, multiple choice exam. I read the binder once the weekend before and aced it.
so the new president of Apple is gay...they might need to change the apple logo to the whole fruit basket soon.
haha she's super classy...and totally doesn't dresses like a prostitute to serve middle aged men beer after hockey
Start physical therapy for torn meniscus on Thursday at the Rose Garden. Never been to a Blazers game, but may see one of their therapists.
The Playoffs already lacked superstars and now Rose is gone... :( some of the most horrible match ups in a very long time imo
Making pancakes. Anybody want some?
Thanks! (Seems so long ago now...). You gonna check out this weekend?
Had a great osteoporosis workshop. Time to go home and eat!
thanks dude!
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech. W. Somerset Maugham (1874 - 1965
I think Budget has a car for only $3,457.82. Good luck!
joey can I get your email for press releases
Deal signed for tech backbone. “: #Brocade will play integral role in redefining how #49ersFaithful experience football in stadium”
thanks for the tweet! enjoyed attending
Communication Is Key <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0091>
Walking around cp lake. Beautiful morning. Some jogging...priceless.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Literally just started crying because Heejun got voted of Idol. I'm done.
Its funny to find someone you understand so well, and yet find you are absolutely without interest. Oh, I love you... but I ain't going.
..how was it?
Time to get the spoon ready....
RT : So #TheBeach & Casper Ware are trending in the USA. Gotta love #CSULB!
creepy in a good way though. I could have him sit in my office too. Maybe I should knit him myself :)
where can you get lamprey
Wow...it's been a while. back up and running...FINALLY!
Late start to my work day. First Friday ArtWalk in Downtown Phoenix tonight. Come on by to Heritage Square form 6p-10p for art and history!
#Orioles not going down without a fight. two on, two out top of 9th, down 6-4 to A's
Hey, no worries. Part of my interest is in privilege & the legacy of National Lampoon, which has some connection.
Somebody should really text me right about now
no problem and yeahh the video was great
Nope, it's on the list.
You know...it kinda does. Yeah and this so called "Ingles" is my dealer...
Thank you all for your kind follows and retweets! Wishing you make the most of this day in the best way! We're here to contribute our talent
It's almost like NSR's defenders are having the intellectual rigor of ... following pre-circulated talking points! "craven" used 2x thus far
I can get used to this weather.
can we be friends??
#MyLove You took my hand.. gave me your heart.. we shared a dance.. look what you've done to me.
It's the playoff edition of team trivia with tonight at 8:00. Have a feeling things might get chippy.
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 8
Free pancake day at ihop with
hey thanks for the follow. What's up man?
why haven't replied to my tweet by my i am going to cry if you don reply to me by in the end of my bday (november)
Props to for apparently having *already* reached out w/possible job openings to the reporter Gannett fired b/c of his blog.
Thanks for the retweet. <3 Love you both. :)
Wishing you a speedy recovery!
You are so fun! Glad you enjoyed DorD! xx
suggests targeting the right prospects. If co-op agents produce most of your sales, how do you effectively target this market?
YOLO - you only lose 2 billion once.
Zinga Fraser, NU AfAm graduate student, speaking on Shirley Chisholm & Barbara Jordan and black collective political trauma.
Had an inspirational day thanks connecting with other multi-touch enthusiasts always makes my day
Which, by the way, was a colossal mistake. Team gambled with Yo's future.
aw thanks! I'm sure your burn will be all gone by tomorrow. Glad you had fun! ;)
play doh got robbed! thought for sure they were a 1 seed!
As a society we do need each other. Why else would we have been given those feelings
it's not who I am underneath, it's WHERE I am that defines me.
Gould is often perceived as how Wittgenstein was.
buy a ticket to Chicago and come see me
lol yeah this is why I don't do sports. too much injury for moi
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone's indirect tweeting crap about you and you just want to indirect punch their face.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily !?
WOAH... careful out there Madison #blackice and #rain in December?!?!? What is this?
It's too narrow to be habitable space if one can touch both sides of the room at the same time.
To play scoring golf: check your alignment, strengthen your core for stability, Drive/Chip/Putt well, stay away from Db-bogey!
oh wait lol yea she does have a nice ass body but face NO
NOW following...lol. Using tweetcaster & it doesn't show who I'm following. Had 2 get on twitter 2 get it in.
Those people are all at the game today. I know this because they were all in my seating section on Friday.
Awww, I'm sawwy. I don't know when I'll be back in Indy either. I've shifted my attention to Denver. So many resumés submitted...
Climb a ladder into the sky is awesome. Everybody should get it.
ready for spring break ah
thanks for putting that great video together of the event with !
i need that!
oh my goodness! I had no idea! I'm on now!!
bout right
needs to get a fucking phone so we can be friends.
that junt goin in memphis stand up
Thanks for the RTs , , and !
You guys look like one, big happy family on set for Delta Air! Way to go Molly Vlk, Ken O' Conner and the Ketterer twins
Activating my Chase card: 9-minute tedious call with multiple sales pitches. Used to be easy and quick.
coming home by Diddy and Skylar Grey would be even better than homecoming for CJ
I am too! Awesome. RT : I am pumped the #Browns will be wearing their brown jerseys at home this year!
Arguing with #comcast = Showtime + more channels for less than we were paying before jacking up our rates.
I thought he was a man but he was just a little boy.
Finally got my sixth meal in. 6/30
She always in a hurry! What can I say, that's just her
I SAW MIKEY:3 awhehe. my night is complete.
Tired of using people yet?
Just made it to Brussels. Tired but excited to see the city and the gymnastics.
msg me if you're going to #digiday events in LA this week
5 shows left of Curse Of The Starving Class. I have 4 more comps/2-for1s. First come first served! Fri/sat 8pm, sunday 2pm. :)
I been doing that for years! Glad to see your starting! :)
I'd tune in.
How insignificant we are as a species, to have only built one New York.
followed :) thanks for the follow <3
not sure yet...on the way to the restaurant
"It's almost 2012 and we're still abusing the a milli snare drum" - hypothetical opening line of a hip hop public service announcement.
Wow! Thank you for the kind words. Glad you enjoy.
this is adorable!! i'm so beyond excited for you guys & your family :) :)
Also discovered that there are TONS of Jamba Juice's in the area I am serving in in Washington! SCORE!!! :D
lol, me? You not abt that life..
Love is not enough. It must be the foundation, the cornerstone - but not the complete structure. It is much too pliable, too yielding.
You can get the same pay working at Sutherland, which is considered entry-level in the first place. Xerox could do better.
I didn't get to #KissThemGoodbye live, but I'm glad to see Goodbye Wisteria Lane is trending. All good things must come to an end.
Fab Design Tip: Make sure that the general lighting in a room is adjustable.
Gosh, I cannot imagine how you were when Probert was around snorting cocaine before games actualyl started......
You should give the co-host job on your tv show to someone unbiased, so you don't lose credibility for being such a homer!
I had the same meeting with him on Sat.... He's dedicated and his own publicist apparently.
<U+25CA> Yeah. For me I don't need any, but absolute proof would B great 4 Ryan 2 end it once &for all. Rest assured they're looking.
Any kid friendly shows in Chicago? :)
"If you can't take the heat, get outta the street." Or just go inside, turn the fan on and play some video games!
#MyCostume - Tinker Bell.:D can't wait !!
It's Humpday & Dinner time...doesn't a burger sound delicious? Pop-in for a some juicy treats!
I should be here everybody coming thursday for my bday
RIPLEY'S BELIEVE IT OR NOT
Getting our Avengers fix with
I can't deal!
awesome can't wait - big fan of - liked ur answers today about the Bulls - be nice to see Rip go to the Bulls
Might as well have been - fabric ballet flats. Breaking out the boots tomorrow.
Never in dialogue tags.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Yeah definitely. I've been running a lot of school related errands today though. The beginning of the new school year is stressful
I. Need. A blueberry. Slushie. Now.
i didnt leave you!! lol u left me!!
Ann Boyer: "Community is Satanic." This is a baroque, lightly romanticized trope, not a refusal.
alot going on this week, cutting v/o demos, signings in hollywood with managers, pr firm, locking down the apt in the north hollywood area
RT : “How people treat you is their karma... How you react is yours.” ~ #LoveLife!
can I get a shoutout boy?(:
Hey!! <3 I love you so much. Everything is going great.. well, except that it's SNOWING in Chicago!!
Yes. Per Newsweek.
This is the type of situation that makes legends! Who will it be?
ur slow. anyways GUESS WHAT
there is some sort of payment going on
it was entertaining
how are you feeling?
We are lovers lost in space, Searching for our Saving Grace.
Happy VETERANS Day "We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." -Cynthia Ozick
I love their pastrami!
hahah it will be okay.
I was thinking Candice's kids can redeem for 3 books in no time!
I agree!! RT Topps now trying to sell kids baseball cards on apps. Was much better with cardboard & stale gum.
: I'll talk to my dad, and yes.
Right there w/u! Still haven't finalized my plan 4 #mlanet12 yet, there's so much I want 2 do! Maybe I'm subconsciously avoiding
great view Kei. Good luck today, we are all behind you guys!
plz follow me u would make my bday the best ever and everyday be my best day cause you followed me so plz do!!!!!
MT : Excited to discover the hashtag #ShowAndMail! Take a gander at #snailmail other people are sending & receiving! Love it!
haha I just saw this now...& the DD didn't work. Of course. Blah
Kind of hard to focus on shopping for fat booty jeans considering that some child is being abused by their parent right now.
Right, exactly.
I thank God for another year of my life on earth.
Thanks to our new followers:
Done and done. Did I just retweet an @ response? Gosh I am tired but looking forward to the conversations.
Thought for sure Bachmann would come out wearing little Constitution pasties...bo!
she reminds me of a west side story
Kids is irrating me
Dinner inDC with oral history royalty. Don and Anne Ritchie and Terry Birdwhistell. Amazing conversation about importance of oral history!
Beyond the occassional troll forum post, they don't interact with the community directly at all.
Writing my book! So stoked(: Also tryna save money to publish it, know any good(cheap lol) publishers? Lulu perhaps?
Ever been caught smooshing by your mom ? Damn .
and garena still hasnt fix it's servers.. wtf.
LOL. I was meeting a client. I swear.
They change twitter just as much as you change you mood!! #ALOTTTT!!!!!!
SO MUCH WORK. D:
Good morning ! :)
hahha i cannot wait to buy stuff for myself haha
Correction to that last tweet: Tickets for 's workshop go on sale tomorrow (Thursday) at noon.
RT : Happy National Philanthropy Day! Thanks to u & your support more lives are being saved through organ & tissue donation!
Marcus Kidd's new single: "I Worship You" to be released soon.
Really? Just came on? Just like that?
First day of the #EducationUSA conference in KL. Great welcome dinner and traditional dance last night. Wonderful meeting new advisors!
ya? Awesome! Tweet us a pic!
If you are looking for a book to read during an intermission I recommend the epic fantasy WIZARD'S FIRST RULE by Terry Goodkind.
OMG I've stopped abusing Gary Busey and now I'm goin' after Mickey Rourke
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to your sitting on
Couldn't have said it better myself! “RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home. #WhyILoveMuseums”
We are always interested in working with local farmers but remember we have our own farm as well. Dm me your email please. Thx.
C'mon metta you stronger than that.
Tip for preventing mold: Watch out for compost piles! If you one, keep it far from the house to prevent mold spores from entering the house.
Going to be more Twitter #dedicated :')
lol shut up
I'm tweeting to annoy Alex
Put in a lot of minutes tonight. Predicting sore legs tomorrow.
Cheers! Need get you to London and show Europe
; Will talk with some of ur team ltr today! (and we're proud of Indy for impressing the world)
What's Your Genre? R & B, Pop, Rock, Country??? & Why... Tell Us & we'll send you a $30.00 VISA Gift to the 30th person who responses?
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark.
your not replying
If you have aches, pains or old injuries you're going to love tomorrow's deal! We're already psyched about it :)
Strange: When opening the MLB.tv window for the Marlins, the Ian Kinsler is shown on the Marlins scoreboard in the loading screen. Why?
Enjoy those Google search tips and thanks for the RT!
Seeing at tonight!
Working on some cool new things are you guys ready?
How fucked up do you have to be if your waiting, excited, for your younger brother so you can tell him his bunny died?
Lol. How you been
We hope all the #AWP attendees at last night's parties aren't suffering too badly this morning...
Is Doing It Right..Go Babe..I Love You
What is your #recsports league doing manana for Cinco De Mayo?? Derby, bar specials?
just went RT crazy.
I think mine might work for you. Aaron has it.
what's the surprise?
Man who are these orioles ?.
Thanks we're already friends there.
This has to be the longest car ride ever!!
Thanks ! It should be fun. Keep in touch, and if you make it up to Boston, let me know!
If you're afraid to discuss your idea, it's likely too vulnerable to imitation to be worth pursuing.
Man princess wore me out today. First shopping at the Hello Kitty Store then the Disney Store. Then Dada went watch shopping :)
I'm gonna have to get this done, on my own.
Seriously O'Hare 45 minutes to get through security and there is only one security area open?
Glad you liked! Thanks for braving the awesome PDX weather. I know where to eat in Orlando now!
Woman who sources say confessed to killing son and dumping body in Maine has been taken to hospital in Concord, Ma.
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Nice story, but it never happened. :)
Hey #PDX! What's your favorite way to cool off?
what's good bro
Come on NBC
I think i need a break from drinking for a while
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!
Pretty-much engrossed in
Cleansing is so important to maintain your health. A clean colon makes it easy for your body 2 absorb nutrients & shed excuses fat in middle
I'm soo sleepy! I am lacking sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
At Duckworth's in #Mooresville. Lots of supporters in #Iredell so I spent 4 days here this week.
u don't understand... HOME SKITTLY BISQUIT!!!! I loooovvvvveeeee you!
nm but wat bout u guys?
RT I think dinner tomorrow will be USDA Prime steak!!! :D --NO!
I thought he looks more like The Mentalist RT Is it me or does Jamie Dimon look like the Irish cop from Bridesmaids?
#dtc354 tuan contrasted american horizontal to oriental vertical space but the view to the expanse can give hope regardless of direction.
Ok, haven't seen it yet, but sound like it will hate it. What happened to cool stripper girlfriend?
I love America, #thethingis, I just don't.... like it where I live... or, belong here... I don't know lol.
Having BDay lunch with friends form work.
hello twitter how are u all ????? ^_<3
Don't worry, that feeling will come back when you get your first exam grade.
Stuck at a road block with three kids in the car, waiting on the vice president to go by.
Hello Twitter. I'm Steve. Nice to finally meet you!
VACO posters are now up for sale on the Pick-Up online store!
Knicks #nbaplayoffs + Rangers #NHL... doest it get better for a Saturday. Maybe #goblue football?!?
Wow!! It's been a while since my last tweet! Been so busy, just got back from spending the 4th in Wonderful Williamsburg,Va! :D
Contents of comment box for our current exhibition: 3 vulgar anatomical drawings, 1 "I don't care."
Going to start vlogging soon. The only camera I have is a Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-W70. Boo. Any suggestions on what I should vlog about?
kicked off the Rubicon demand side customer roadshow today with VivaKi, Varick Media Management, The Trade Desk - a day of opportunity
people with #nolips honestly scare me !
#tellallyourfriends is trending, how awesome!! :) so proud of and the rest of TBS
Yesterday, rode my FIRST ever real rollercoaster. Yesterday, rode my LAST ever real rollercoaster.
Gym with Kristie just like the old days
Playwright Harold Pinter died... What a sad Christmas.
Happy birthday grandma love you and miss you and grandpa so much
good to finally meet you Friday- glad you enjoyed everything!
Thanks! Differences are inevitable so it's impossible to treat all as if theyre the same but respect is the key in my opinion. :)
Man good luck! I'm a huge fan can't wait till your in Vegas would be honored to meet you! Your training inspires me in rehab.
I think is bored with beating me at Scramble With Friends.
Fam's over.
I offer my most earnest prayers for you and your entire family !
Need a new set of friends. Since I don't have anyone to hang out with anymore.
What screws us up the most in life is the picture in our head of how it is supposed to be.
No one does it better than <3
go get em! Cheetah!
No problem bud, have a good weekend! :)
If you guys ever want to do an interview, we're more than willing! :D
Hitting the for CORMAN'S WORLD..but first Barking Spider!
But he is doing what's best
That's weird. Why?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
RT Becoming addicted to 25-calorie diet cocoa. So warm, so filling, so yum yum!
It's about time for HAPPY HOUR!! Who else is sick of work today??
I thought we were already following each other, Mimi. Weird. :-)
thx Ray! RT : Dalton a great person He really know how to get in touch with people's feelings thru his songs=)
so jealous ": Wheels up to Nashville <U+2708> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>"
Tonight will be interesting night. Spoken Thursdays meets Acoustic Thursdays at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 (9-12) $5 BAR OPEN!
Happy 13th Birthday Google. Most Useful Site Ever
: Lol my bad. But still that's weird!
Excited I move in my new apartment monday
Would you please give Vincent my best?
I can't wait to follow and creep as hard as possible. Maybe some sexting. Thanks for the suggestion !
Wake up, Shower, Go to school, Tan, Makeout, Repeat.
The duets back then >>>> #Omg Ashanti, Ja Rule, Jennifer Lopez, etc. all of them were perfect.
i have my first day of school tomorrow . wish me luck ?
I don't get it I would hate to think I tricked them They fall victim to my system Guess I sure know how to pick them
2 thank you twitter for letting me rant about stoppid shieet.
You should be in bed sleeping. Now. Right now. Now.
nice! What did you get?
I know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop. But no clue whats under Gavin DeGraw's hat?
Bet ..I'mma Get Bck Wit Ya.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxox:))
RT : If you aren't a little drunk, raise your hand. No, I was just reaching for another beer.
"Juicy lips" or "tatted up"?
With Kush RT : I love orange juice”
I hadn't paid much attention to my bracket, but still in it with 3 of my Final 4 picks still alive. UNC over Kansas, babe!
In the midst of life's storms, a solid relationship with God is your anchor.
It may be COLD outside but it is WARM in my office!! Several appointments to show HUD homes!
Hoes be crying wolf
Doing alright! How about yourself?
I seem to get screwed over in every possible situation there is. FANTASTIC
What'd you drink?
"It's like sherbet......on crack."
thanks for all your responses! good night :)
get CFLs, they are supposedly better in the winter time for seasonal depression, i use them and like the way they look better
Funny that when I was 15 I laid on tin foil in baby oil to get tan. Now I'm swimming in SPF75 & am brown like a cocoa bean.
big fan here in saint Paul MN.
Have you had your "Shake of the Day?" Come in and roll the dice for prizes!! Ask a Roots team member how!
Rapping GWB instead? // RT just confirmed that he does NOT have any rapping Obama vids as part of his talk.
Sleepy had 4 meetings this Mornin its been a Productive Day just Finished a show , People r Lovin Call Of Duty!!! If u dnt got it, u need it
Yeah but that's 4:50 pm here. Which is later than 4:30.
thanks we went down to Independence Hall, hit up Yards brewery trying to checkout grab a bite to eat we shd def meetup sometime
Congrats to Claire for winning a copy of book & iTunes download of album!!!!
Sittin with talking about how we love following <U+E105>
About to watch this 24/7 on HBO with . Got the DVR set for series recording.
Running a little late because crazy people on the road do dumb things
Word of the semester "drosophila"
you sent the wrong girl home, Lisa had a bad mouth on her in her audition for CSI, trust me she's never gonna be a top model ever
": I want to cuddle" here i come
I love Josh Thole. I really do.
Thick girls >>
Ovechkin to the box? Missed it.
by a whale, bleeding powers, six months in a leaky boat, and woke up near chelsea ft. marissa screamale please u rawk!
sorry for partying (while on a bus).
Meanwhile, Rick has looked terrible. And I've only seen him throw 10 pitches.
Odd News - Edible Art, Hamburglar Surrenders, Urinal Video Game via
Patti deserved better than that. Shame on you BET.
sure Hi'i
Freaking myself out by watching Black Widow Spiders on
Took the whole family to see the #Monumental Movie and it was incredible. Great Job!
Never too much!
who doesn't?
": We're on some Allman Brothers with this riff." Z I dicktease yalllll
We're at 's Enterprise Architecture Forum stop by the booth 505 to enter to win a new iPad
Don't tell me not to take work too serious,I bust my ass cause my ancestors got their asses busted.
Had a great week
Hahah! And there is so much truth to that. You're a great friend to have! :))
about YouTube?
Yes, more of that!
are you a gemini? Our talent is technology :)
OH MY GOD is your pic a semlor?? I never noticed that before! I've got an awesome semlor recipe!
Darling was so excited to tell me about the John Travolta scandal that he used his genitals as puppets.
I'm so excited to go back to work tomorrow. Adios sickness! :)
"I'm not talented like Danielle, or gorgeous like Eleanor. But if One Direction can accept me for who I am, I'll be perfectly fine with it."
It's snowing!!
RT “: If u end ur day having done more than 50% good as opposed to bad, u had a day that u can be proud of. #LifeLessons”
y'all should come to new york, or close to new york:) you have lots of ICONiacz on the east coast!!
Dreamt I remixed Madonnas 'Give Me All Your Luvin' into dancefloor anthem & it went hard. Woke up, realized song still sucks
Bravi! Bravo that my big celeb crush is teaming up w/ my favorite 80s rock star for her
How about that +/- of -20 dude. The game was a Heat blowout when you were out there.
What time do you work??? & how long is your breaks?
yes, it is beautiful. it'd be great to get this in a poster.
okay. thank you!
combo in Spanish >
Chocolate, of course. Is there any other kind of cake? ;o)
It wasn't a porn dream with Olive Oil was it?
There's no better feeling in the world than helping others feel good about themselves
that one rooftop spot on 5th ave that induces lots of memories... o my.. lots of #memories ...
Haha the burning of the E was awesome and we won our football game :p
I did and love it OKC hope they sweep LA out of playoffs.
I'd stick to your witty twitter updates and opinionated articles. What would you do differently? Focus.
sounds like your entire life has been a lie
Everybody deserves a little slice of Happiness.
The show must continue... Are you ready?!?
Cant wait to go to sleep tonight
SWEET.. Thx. Gives the boy somethin to do, PLUS Dad will go home that night and Add Stats, Video Effects etc.
vietnamese food
boy, you really don't get it do you?
oh shut up. Dork.
Yeah, you need to hire me ASAP.
just realized how similar our tweets are, with me thinking long term, you thinking short. HA!
#sschat #edcamp How do I find out about edcamps?
Are we still talking about Teen Wolf? And if not, can we?
Again, why is Hack Greinke out of the game? He needs to take one for the team when he decides to not focus.
Excited to learn that this year's will be #Othello. Shakespeare in the park is such a great Forest Park outing.
Today is also independence day for
All visionaries begin their journeys as children. Meet ours. http:///bit.ly/q64Iud
she is! There's a lot of love and hormones floating around this place!
POUR UP TYME!
Here we go again with all the things you said, & not a minute spent.~
Short, witty, yet bland and generic tweet about a current event.
yes yes yes.
happy birthdya, my darling. c:
lol, rise and shine pumpkin!!!! ;) Glad we're carpooling today!
u r a gemini
Hey ,you wanna play a game?
Where the hell u been?
Love conquers all. Virgil
Night world long day ahead tomm!
Hey, the spice must blow..
Thank you Libby
Heading out for an audition today for a pilot....
All extra credit this quarter, in it's glorious, beautiful splendor will not be wasted!
America we need to get our act together~
RT : At the and with Jamila today on a site visit! Very impressed with the Monticello exhibit.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. ~ Fulton J. Sheen
": Enjoy it #Laker fans, y'all won't get past Durant and the #Thunder" I know I know
I am so proud of our President for his supporting #MarriageEquality I call on all to do the same! End #DOMA now!
"Okay! Where's the rest of the Mexicans?"
pick a day (:
911 is for Emergency Response. JTrek is for Emergency Prevention! Deter crime with Smartphone Surveillance.
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
"i swear" only thing better "i hope that u feel the same way2, yes i pray that u do love me too"
I'll tell ya what: the only thing that sucks about #fridaynightdinner is the small episode count.
Nice that Tebow will be able to "find his way" in the quiet of New York City.
Anybody want a pass to the H.Y.P.E. Texans Draft Party tonight??? Should be pretty exciting...considering it's a H.Y.P.E. event...
Join us Team Thomas today 4:30pm - 6:30pm at 1ST STREET & RHODE ISLAND AVENUE NW for PM Visibility.
Me too, but I knit. Which gives me two stabby needles. It's an exercise in self-control.
A shit load of people just unfollowed me. THATS JUST SPLENDID.
Bewley fans are waiting. We want to hear from you. The pressure is on. You have the story:).
Going through old childhood books and finding out my favorite book when i was little was a Bible.
Do you like Dragons? Cause in a minute im gonna be Dragon these nuts across your face.
"Wine is bottled poetry." -Robert Louis Stevenson
I love coming home after working all day just to clean up after everyone else who's been here all day.
I so agree with you! I wanted to throw something at the TV. Did you see the singer's face? It was like Gore when he lost to...
Happy Tuesday! #WAYN'sPledgeDrive is in progress, you can donate, at your will- as little or as much as you wish ;)
were you drunk?
Don't ever call a woman a whore, especially if she is a whore because she'll jack up the price. There is some good free financial advise.
well thank you my friend:)
We've recently come to the realization that open outdoor space is #priceless. What are some of #SF's outdoor gems?
He will tell you more than Ican
Slight work!!! Wale a beast
YO! Follow the #firstladyoffieldstone and show her some love! Tell IT!
I'm actually working right now, ha ha. Saw you were on...I work from 10pm-6am! Busting bad guys!!!
Ron Swonson or John Legend? I spend most of my time outside of work on music blogs or watching Parks and Rec.
For my next performance art piece, a dear friend will stab me in the side on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. The video might go viral.
TRUTH: BY OSCAR
Fact: my coworkers are my best friends <3
"No Frank, I can't spend my life with you, your apathy and indifference would eventually destroy my soul"
Do not miss IOC meeting today. Venue: RBSC 310, from 12pm to 2pm. See you there
Hello Brad, I'm sorry that things did not work out with you and M. Feel and heal. Praying 4 you.
oh I know. He's so sweet & ah he's so adorable & just like idk how to explain it.. (x haha<3
you look no where near 40
I beez in the trap be beez in the trap I beez I the trap be beez in the trap!!
i know dude there will be plenty more, u might have to add another slash after the i rival tho hahah
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. Seneca
Follow and .
I've been wanting a FroYo since it's warmed up. So, I'll run around Stone Mountain and then treat thyself to
So half cap tomorrow >>>>
All great men have mustaches!
Leno had the highest household rating for a Fri. show in its 17-yrs, not the 41M viewers Carson had. Different time slot, show & era of TV
if I own full versions of both can I get the update for free?
Hold on... A half birthday??? Negro what?
We don't agree with the R.E.M. death sentence.
The new is scheduled to release today. They should be available here in time for office happy hour here from 4-6PM.
my cousin is here at home I'll run out of cheeks so she bites me
Truth about Families Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
One take away from #mlearncon - MLearning is more about designing learning experiences than course conversation.
haha sounds like a plan
S/O to my new followers :)
Guess who's smart?? Right after I showered and got ready for bed I went & asked my sister should I shower? Haha -_-
#CodyToWisconsin ... if you live in wisconsin lets get it trending! wisconsin misses you! I LOVE YOU CODYYYY! <3 143
Follow the crowd & you will never be followed by a crowd.
So much for my diet this week- consumed an ENTIRE choc-oatmeal cookie from crazy good...
After 10 hours of work I fall into this thing where I just click around mindlessly on Twitter. Someone get me out of the office. Now.
Listening to Kate Bush's latest, 50 Words for Snow. The eponymous track sounds worryingly like the "Pokérap" to me. #gottacatchemall!
I miss my baby! Just was wit him, but I can't enough of some him.
youtube i will put it on youtube... share it on facebook... well idk
Oh.My.SCIENCE! That dog is so cute. call him Malone. How long have u had him?
yeah, it does that
Interesting... is this the new doc? or the one you started from?
My life since then has nvr been the same. And evry time I go back, I look for it. And evry time I'm unsuccessful finding it.
yes. It was returned safely
we're ready :) yeah!
See u in Feb @ the latest! RT : Great to have , & the folks from back. missed ya
Please follow me(: 13
JB I live in Ferrara (Italy) you will find me one day!
Busch Gardens has released some secrets about Verbolten? Who wants to know what they are?
people saying get back w. her but it aintt easy lol
Check out our live music lineup this weekend! Jim Stevens Trio play Friday and Scott Laytham and Karl Holmes play Saturday. Both 9-12am.
Just received the new issue of Chief Content Officer magazine - another fantastic effort from the #CMI - #CCOmag team! Really proud
seeing you at viper and angels&kings tonight?
RT : News Alert: #Ustream is inaccessible due to a large scale DDOS attack targeting Russian opposition channels on Ustream.
follow back...
No words to describe Robbie Cano
We sometimes want our ex back because we are driven toward familiarity and confuse it for love.
What is the reason for wearing heels to the mall?
Thanks Lian! I would give them 2 you lived nearer lol :( Love you Twin sis
Our friends are here. Hilary Shelton of is speaking and just arrived!!
Im still going to watch...
Unbelievable. Wearing the same thing as Ann Curry. Back to the drawing board, I guess.
congrats to superstar on his recent pilot booking! awesome news for an awesome dude!
How many items do you have in your portfolio? I hear a range.
“: Tune in at 10 to see a photo of from High School Prom #hair #classic” >> man, the 1 wknd I'm out of town!
That awkward moment when a whore calls someone who's not a whore a whore.
theirs two men out their now with yellow tape and cameras?
Congrats and welcome! :) RT : FINALLY got my acceptance letter from FIU. Time to get my MBA on!!!
SPI Early Enrollment Deadlines December 1st! It's time to pick your favorite city and get the ball rollin'!
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 61.
Not another RRoD : (
“#Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.” - John Adams
"finding:students' personal aesthetic values override traditional aesthetic values" & "classroom as source of students' aesthetic values"
SHE A BAD CHIC- she told me she aint no set-up Chic; I don't believe her! YE!
Today is a great day 2 be alive
Harrow gonna help us out at all? Everyone is making a big deal over him!
Disneyland with the kids and my husband
Can't buy love, Can't hide Hate 100% Fact most people Are FAKE.
are you headed for Churchill Downs??
How does it compare to Batman: The Animated Series?
make two dreams come true but following me nd 2
Nice day.<3. bout to go zap zone. ;D happy birthday to kayla. (:
ha! unfortunately, no, but we're still feelin' fancy.
naa i only fuck wit ppl who fuck wit me
Unpacked and intoxicated.
My toe hurts so had from being stepped on so much last night. Wtf.
I would but my phone will go off and I won't be able to stop it. Let's just send emails like
Oil change, car wash, zumba then some fun, game today!
Haven't even started on the TKMB project...my group is so lazy -_-
I'm not saying Metta World Peace shouldn't get some games, but I'm curious to hear what McHale, Parish, Laimbeer and Mahorn think.
The beat is so cool and calm, makes you just wanna chill.
The Best Rebuilding Years of Our Lives
I have an old one but it barley works... hahah if you still want it though?
Discussing the Tigers woes right now. Is there a quick fix out there? 248-848-1130.
Choppa style, chop chop choppa style...
I'm installing a hot HD Digital Antenna all over Albuquerque! Surrounding area, too. John Racette - 350-6428
13 relay. Let me see your legs! Best van names include "wtf thought this was a 5k". Go bananas, sole sistas, and lady legs
I don't like that #eileenbrady always looks like she's smelling something offensive. I don't like #Jeffersonsmith's suspicious accent...
You're welcome! On tumblr there is a huge following of dance. About 200 different blogs solely devoted to dance.
I may consider myself a foodie but nothing says comfort food like a grilled cheese with Kraft singles on Eddies white bread.
Per Vogel, all starters will play tonight except for Granger.
: Supporting 21st century skills is a key part of what children's librarians do.
We can do it for $90 per hr. Shoot me an email. There are ways to make it faster.
This would happen to you... LMAO RT : Literally almost lost my lunch. But really. It was sitting on the top of my car.
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandfather. I love you, Papa!
a good group to follow for local
Anything said ova da world wide web is to b laughed @ not killed over!!!
"The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Until later xoxo
Dear I've never heard a show on public radio as pointless and unfunny as Wire Tapped
The History Channel isn't what it used to be.
Awh Justin makes usher feel old becuz he teases about his phone & how slow he types awh poor usher lol Justin is such a teaser lol :D
Ewe willie don't touch his hand #dont knowwhereitbeen": thanks 4 the save Willie #highfive lmao"
Found a T-Shirt at HotTopic today.. there was only one left.. and it wasn't in my size. MOTHERF*CKER!
what's goin down tonight???????
Someone's been screwing with my motion detector light bulbs...literally. Just twisted them back in for the third time this week.
SocialTech 2010: Jeremiah Owyang provides helpful pros/cons of social sign-on for B2B lead capture
OK, lets pick the first topic for the Weird Life Podcast, then it's on to scheduling.
What...is going on...on SNL right now...
Not looking forward to the rain tonight, hopefully it drenches my yard and stays away from the highways
Will be available for call if someone wants to try me anytime after 6 PM CST, not making any promises, but I will discuss.
At Google learning Python on a Friday night. I'm a nerd!
You said "Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution". You walk away from #PETA & allow animals to be Bullied & Harassed??
It's my Friday! Almost caught up on my DVR, got thru Tosh.0, Practical Jokers, and How I Met Your Mother, let's see what else is on there...
Alright!!! Day two and ahead of schedule! Let the magic begin!
Sweet sunsets rasta muzak funky drums with a fire on the grill n my fam most of all
oh yeah... The one in the car is not done yet.
The BWCA fire keeps getting bigger. Authorities report the fire near Ely is now covering some 60-thousand acres.
bad broad love to FUCK wit her head down and her ass bent
Someone let me out of GameStop.
I've been thinking about growing corn in my backyard
RT : Henny would be clutch right now...
Thanks Mary Jane, so am I! ;-p Have a great week!
If she goes to the salon to get acrylic nails on her toes
Chronos considering having event in Hollywood at MiMoDa Studios! New movie "First Position" was recently screened there... Thoughts?
Sex Before School>>>>
would change the oil every day if I always got free popcorn and cookies whilst I waited.
Best of luck in Minnesota. Will miss watching you play in Providence/Boston.
you guys are crazy. :D
I want to set you up to talk to Rocket Fuel on background. www.rocketfuel.com. There's an interesting story there...
#Pets need great food, exercise, rest, sunshine, friends, a job and a place to go for great information www.wholepetdiet.com
I don't care who it is....showing photos and videos of dead bodies on TV will always disgust me.
Breaking News: Ryan Raburn may miss tonights game suffering with tendinitis in his left arm from swinging & missing frequently
viewing the Dieter Rams exhibit with and
Last big pre- meeting before Only 3 days to go!
Who knew!!!
I just saw this. My phone died that night “: I'll be there shortly, I'd like to hear about it.”
Dinner time! yayy!
Pext me so i know it's real. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
I have to do an extra assignment for contemporary art class. I'd rather
“: TY4MT: #MakeADifferenceMonday” Have a great day!
my wife and i did half of it a few years ago. each city was so vastly different.
At symphony hall waiting for the concert to begin. Great program tonight. Very excited about the Coronation Mass!
Coastal Clean Up Day: SEPT 25th 8am-12pm. Join ARTS at Mission Bay High School for an environmentally themed community mural
I voted<3
memorial day weekend, we hope. any suggestions for new covers?
thanks so much for the follow!!! The Mattrezzz Guys can help you live stronger with a new mattress so keep us in mind!
Certainly hoping I'm picked to host a #KeurigParty featuring the new Keurig Vue with House Party!!! If so, coffee at our house end of April!
Spent my last night's sleep in Chicago dreaming of call time, outstanding money and spreadsheets.
Matt Kemp has gone Full Yunel on the basepaths in this series.
Where was that line in the 2007 ALCS????
RT : Sad to learn of Carl Beane's passing. He was one of my favorite parts of going to a Red Sox game. May he rest in peace.
Ryan Sweeney is reminding me of Mike Lowell, I throw in to a trade that had a resurgent season. Hope he continues this way.
Its clear that #cybersecurity has been framed wrong; 911 style cyberattacks & #IP issues are not the problems
Does think that Cutler won't fold? I'd lay my money on that happening more than with Rodgers
Im trying to get in twitter jail wats the easiest way twitter thugs lol
lol...nobody wants any of this
Don't swallow it c;
Maybe its not mean't to be. </3
"Headlights that are stronger than Daylight." Audi - Truth in Engineering.
I dislike these umps
i'm getting better k...
Awesome! RT points to new website as a game changer. "It's a node rather than an end point."
Really nice of Mayor Carcetti to lend a hand.
The reason I am self-employed is so I can occasionally drop everything and go snowshoeing. Which will be happening tomorrow.
my parents kidnapped me lol I had no say
It's like u said yesterday. Dump Hochevar. We need the to culture change. 600 innings? See ya later. Spend 10 mil on a SP!
This must be new If I had encountered that after they scrambled my seating -- three times in a row ... oh, darkness.
I was asked by the customs if I had anything to declare. I said: Yes, I'd like to declare -- I'm a genius!
A sharp tongue can cut your own throat!
Last night didnt go as planned. Haha
FOLLOW ME PLEASE <<3
Oh, you might be here for the games next month?? Keep me posted!
What is this shit im hearing about jelena breaking up?
alex come save me from school ! D;
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. Brian Tracy
Shout Out to u
Civility costs nothing and buys everything.
I need these wonderful McFly fans near where I live, so much nicer than some of the mates I have :L x.
Line-up...COP OUT by THE ASST by Julie Cohen/Ted Kupper MS. YOUNG by SPIDERS & SNAKES by
#ImSingleBecause no one has given me the desire to change that.
Where the heck is a big Mega Millions PowerBall billboard in the Seattle area? Feel like I haven't seen one in ages & it would look cool now
Seeing Jay & Silent Bob with
Entertaining spam comment of the day: "Did hip hop create techno? Go to www.*******.com homie!"
Thank you, for playing 's Rosalita just now. Making finals time that much more bearable.
how was the fencing show?
Didn't know you could actually turn your iPhone completely off
Hmm. After consulting mom via phone, my knitting still looks like a bunch of knots.
personal assistant or assistant engineer? or is it both?
": PHONE, Y U NO COME WITH UNLIMITED BATTERY LIFE?"
i bet if u put your problems in a bowl with other strangers u would take yours back!
Happy cinco de mayo! Time to get crazy margaritas :)
tbbbh, i've always wanted to be a red head.. <3
He's dreamy...wonder if I can convince him to get married by Elvis...
Thanks for the follow! Here's to another quality gathering on May 15!
At this moment, I am fueled by coffee and science!
Never gave a fuck, but nothin bout me changed, still roll up those blunts, got diamonds in my chain
Hey Marcus, thanks for the shout out! Let us know if you have any questions.
Not sure who is worse in ISO situations: Rudy Gay or Paul Pierce
haha thanks for the support!
Let's go pacers beat the heat !!!!!!
$160 a blunt come on now lil bros LOL loud my dude im glad i dnt smoke
Grateful every moment for my life, my Love, and all the many blessings I have
I tried to tell my sister that YOYO was the new thing and she got very upset. Shes only young once so I let her get away with it.
We are hanging out soon!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
holy moly to your formal pictures
do it!
The one thing you can give and still keep is your word.
Very cool! I'm extremely interested in tailoring meds & treatments to individuals based on personal genetic codes. Great idea!
can i get some shoutouts please i'm so close to 1300! i'll return them all :)
No duh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
No date to prom. Forever alone.
wow im ss bored
Not my type of movie.
Those twelve hour shifts tend to get in the way of the #DnD ad Red Wine marathons, don't they? :-)
Think I'm gunna go to bed ....
Oh ladies that would be a dream!
thank u guys 4 your help in finding a dancer! Let me know if you find anyone!u rock!
hey! :) how are you?
Thank you for completely depressing me. Sheesh.
stay gold, pony boy
Damn forgot to ask to sign my shirt all the way from TX. Had a blast at event and hanging out with ya afterwards. Thanks.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
Hey everybody. Watching my
“: Quick question for all the tweeps. How much Open Championship coverage will you watch? About 4 hours or so
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
#sschat Internet down equaled big headache today.
I'm that one person who refuses to listen to anyone.. Lolol. Go follow that's the new page I run. ^.^
GO DAVID GO
Booking Shows for May, June, and July!!!!!!!
has any1 been askin for autographs???
now that's service!
the sky
I am craving maple glazed donuts....Where did that come from!!
I wish I was there! (: great job tonight I really love you boyz . Be ICONic <333
I'd rather watch the Station Agent (again and again) than any Star Wars episode. Just so you know.
No Bulls love from the ABC pre game team!
i dont even kno how this works :|
New home construction takes a tumble in April, reversing much of the increase reported in March, the government says.
Catch us baby. From da east to downtown baby . This shit don't stop
so... they're still on the island, AND they landed in LA???
First day at Royal Ink!! It's was awesome by the way! Did some awesome tattoos too! Thanks to everybody that's supporting us!!
no I'm not insomniac this is new to me I guess I have a lot of stuff on my mind and keeps me from sleeping.
do you think learning about relationships in school ar at home would help you communicate better?
Be there soon!
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like texting you first, it feels like im bothering you.
youre welcome :-) so which type of music do u like to listen to?
At 44%, the City of Atlanta also boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
Yes I am and yes you do!!
#CarmineDavisFact , and follow ?
Just bought a watch, i already love it
Not that we are counting but our Famous Happy Hour starts in 2 hours!
I Love You Bby
Deep practice is blt on a paradox: struggling in targeted ways—operating at the edges of ur ability, where u make mistakes—makes u smarter.
Big Baby! Lol RT : *goin to bed* *folds arms, makes face, stomps away and slams door*
awRT : just the passion and love you have for this team. when i see that from fans, i get a little emotional lol
what it do!
I love my business trips to Pac Merc for Hawaiian Sun and li-hing mui gummy bears..."business trips"
October is National Pizza Month! It's your duty to eat all the Pizza you want! Try each one of our unique & delicious Gourmet Pizzas!
" Chubs" RT : What is a better name for a small male dog Gus or Chubs?
the only word i have for after tht text is
Time for beer!
See you guys there!
Country Music Awards were nothing short of awesome last night.. I wonder if any of those stars burn incense. Anybody like country?
I am happy to have found such a terrific org on Twitter! Welcome &I send the best wishes 4 extreme success!
Pub names are like tattoos: they mean the most to the owner.
Then you are so lucky! I am watching my inheritance go down the drain!
But, I have been forever grateful to my parents for giving me the gift of a smile that changed my life.
At Acting school in Ohio now, moving to LA after graduation in 2013 tho!! Then I will :-)
So subject change... Lol What's your favorite song? Hehehe (:
Wisconsin Cheese Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
no problem!
it feels like everything is starting to snap together to bring our game to a new level. Wow, it feels good!
Happy Easter to my friends that celebrate!
Plan discussed to bring younger refs in for early games, older more experienced officials for later more important games, will save mucho $
GroundBreak Presents: SouthBay Swag Party - IAMSU with performances by Brohydez!!! January 14th $20 's Lounge!! Reserve your ticket!
Sorry for the strange messages today! It appears we were hacked and hopefully the problem is fixed now! They were not us!!
Oh god, if I read one quote from Vinny Cerrato on the #redskins draft my head will explode! ....and there it goes! *boom*
Laughed out loud at your #HITsm #ONCchat post to
plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow
At AHO meeting in Omaha. Doris Bergen gave excellent talk on relationship between scholars and survivors.
haha, thanks for the support! :D
Time to pick my bracket again! This year I'll base it off of team colors. Last year's bracket (based on mascots) didn't turn out too well.
Just built a fire and now time for a movie.
Thank you for the RT! Hope to see you at the event.
That sucks. We are only going to make Fridays game. Wanted to stay for Saturday but couldn't make it happen.
Why can't I sleep damnt I've taken 2 sleeping pills
I don't understand Bruno mars. if i gave you all i had, and you tossed it in the trash? then bitch you can catch your own fucking grenade
it's finally hitting me that I'm moving out and I'm ecstatic.
Had a great group at my #vctm presentation on strategies and apps for fun math centers, now on to the beach for #vste meeting!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
What You Know About Dat? *T.I Voice*
10-year Treasury rebounded.
Sure. We actually worked with the UW here in Pittsburgh on some texting. Shoot me a DM if you want to chat.
THANKS to all who bought Toot Away and helped us make it such a success this year. Sales are up over 500% and climbing. Thanks so, so much.
“: That was some fucking bullshit.. REPLAY”
final good byes? Where are you ping? Need a mover ;)
I need to be more "de vez en cuando" too! I feel like I miss *mucho* when I'm away from Twitter too long!
no ann…… the mocha cookie crumble loves you
It was ONCE poss. to make pride in nat., relig., race isomorphic. Simple demographics means it is no longer so...
Haha! That's the best!
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen for things to be okay again.
Just killing the nerd look. Sounds a lot like some if my friends. Lol
Dear were yopu at the mall today? Because me and my friend saw either you or an exact look alike. Please follow me :) ILY
Me too RT- : kinda addicted to Chris Brown's dick
I totally agree! They all want to be treated like adults, but can't seem to act like it most of the time.
#SinceImBeingHonest ... ur a dick! And me loves u <3
Thanks for following Nick
It has been a loooonnnngggg day. Praying tomorrow isn't the same way <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Be blessed guys. GN!!!
It's refreshing to see classy girls properly rocking boot cut jeans versus the token skinnys or the tragic ugg / legging combo.
I need to dye the bleached part of my hair to a auburn color.
talking abt blogging as just following your passion - makes no money from blog, but wound up writing for
thanks for the great suggestions, !
They say that if you love someone you should let them go, but they never say what to do when they don’t come back.
Sorry I missed it today!
cause Thor is a stud... Fact.
When all those Wildcats leave for the association after losing to KU, what will ESPN have to talk about?
great to meet you Carol. :) it was an easy ride, actually!
LIght it up in here!!
Haha ok ok. Who was it then? I could've sworn it was you.
we have legacy this week... About to get wrecked AGAIN.
Go HARD in game 7!! .. Much love but i don't wanna see you guys back home till game 3 against the Spurs
THANKS! RT PA's Gettysburg NPS museum, Meadowcroft Rock Shelter, and The Hershey Story, all in fairly rural settings.
just had my interview at tommy hil a couple hours ago! Good luck man! Hope all goes well!
Whats up :p
What a crowd!
#Im4Falk b/c I've never known a stronger champ 4 women, environment, & human services. is the leader #WI needs.
I could really get used to listening to EPs before they're released.
mrkristopherk No idea! Always busy.
my brother won't let me us his laptop so I can't do anything :( HE'S SO FREAKIN ANNOYING.
Great seeing you too--will send some links and questions. Great sketchbook there.
At the dentist: "I always thought I was a good person but now I have a cavity." (Thulani)
You're* ^_^ RT your so weird man-_-
Well then, consider me a hells yes.
RIP Steve Jobs. You have forever changed the world of technology; you created it. Here's to you!
it would be nice to see Fulham FC in the top 4 or 5
Let's see'' the world is going to chit''' Our country has no money'' SO THEY SAY'''SCOTTY BEAM ME UP THIS PLACE SUCK'S'''
sorry didnt mean to make it awkward.
thanks Nicole
Howard Zinn is my dude
Crownn Urban!!!---- launch pad time..
Thanks for the photo. Glad everyone was OK!
Ladies..sometimes the best way to get our attention is by NOT going to the club every weekend. Pace yourself
Really glad I'm not on the double decker bus blasting dubstep slowly driving down 4th.
Is star power the only thing missing from the #occupywallstreet movement? Not a lot of celebrities lining up to support the efforts...
"Cone of Shame" = UNHAPPY Kitty. Warning there will B retribution on those who take advantage. Think the dog is in serious trouble.
Definitely! Wouldn't expect anything else from !
Excited about the next Broadway Series
She tried to give me her number with the small hand. Oh no it touched the paper.
Our 5th annual Ice House Chili Cook Off will Saturday Nov 5. Sign up your Cook Off Team. Entry fee $100
Just seen a teenage girl park her 96 Sunfire, and put a club on the steering wheel O_O
yes splaking kids eggs when they were turned around lol
show was good. I understand the importance of healthy cooking.. the kitchen is so important to family life
yes it's available, and it is due to get marked down today!
it's a regular ellis isle at #sxswi registration check in
yep. actually have seen it before, but with adwords. where the brass wanted higher CTR rather than better Cost / Conversion
haha oh okay :)
both sound great!
Fall in love with -head-over-heals, gaga in love - is the process of helping people get what they need and want. Get Great at Creating Value
I'm hoping Tootsie was on, you didn't watch the VHS right?
Muah! Thank you
oh man, I couldn't live in your house then! LOL
Peace and love to YOU this beautiful night.
Just wrapped my scenes for 'the Locker' - always a little sad to leave the set :(
A Wrench in the Dominique Strauss-Kahn Conspiracy Theory - Daily Beast
I definitely see the misleading nature of tht tweet now that you point it out tho, altho I believe the original posters message
Shit is going down at Meeker.
Even something as simple as showing someone a smile or acknowledgement can change someones day. I know it has for me.
...I don't want this to end.
Take the actions needed to achieve and then let go of the results, knowing that whatever they are they will pass.
on my third can of diet coke lime!!!...tax season is in full swing & life is good!
Get your Hair Did!!!
LOLOLOL RT : Other Fun Series Stats: Jeff Carter has three goals in the series, 'Yotes have two.
The nesting behavior is a clear signal that a pregnant #dog is about to give birth to her
I gotta dirty mind, I got filthy ways, I'm tryna bathe my ape in ya milky way.. Ima legend I'm ireverant I'll be reverend I'm so far up
#cataloging another Time Capsule full of newspaper front pages, this time 1981. Reading all the headlines about violence is pretty daunting.
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU Disliked SOCCER. AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
hope i get to talk to u too sis =] miss txtin u!!! night =[
- well im off this ' taco bell here i come lol :)
Love is not a feeling we have; it’s a decision to treat people the way Jesus would treat them
#Shameless RT : Nice! RT : Looking forward to my birthday :) first as a wifey. Making a wishlist for
Happy hour til 7pm. 2 for 1 burgers all day. Let's start the week off right!
one of my favorite rappers
thank you thank you
I losy my phone number. Can I have yours?
I don't much care for the music of Metallica, except when it's played by a cello quartet.
Aww my grandma so emotional today made her && mommy breakfast && buyed them both something! :)
Work blah!
#DeezyThursday the only day I look forward too :)
¤ Life is too important to take seriously. Corky Siegel
Look for reporters & as they hit the streets covering #OccupyMilwaukee today
Good morning world.
Learnt a few things since da fire. Aint nobody allowed to bbq in my place no mo'. Dat shit confuses me!
It's cooler to show who you really are than pretending to be someone you're not!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE LUV YA :)
i do it on the daily
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands. -Alexandria Penney
. I might need to interview you this morning about VIP finale party. Are you available?
Chicks with hairy toes give me a boner.
play #ChittyChitty again by the we love that song!! (:
I'll take one! Thanks!
people who wanted to be rich lol <U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F>
That is generally frowned upon... unless your computer is diabetic!
Amazing sunrise at Palmetto Bluff's this morning.
Yes,if i post something on twitter you have the right to talk about it,but that doesn't give you the right to make up stories! Grow up!
how about you fix your ratio..keep it slim
That guy just flipped a flip! Videos in Class, Hands on at Home. He's double Innovative.
time to eat! time to tweet! apply to be a taster at upcoming event at Bin on the Lake in Kirkland www.TasteandTweet.com
If you're trying to right a wrong, take comfort in the fact that your #heart is at least in the right place.
When push comes to shove & You need a little love call me up I just wanna rock your world (;
Never been more jealous of anything more than i am the host of man vs food
Do I attach a cover letter or write it in the body of my email?
homey you need to pump ya brakes ;)
what you do?
another reason why the knicks suck? Dumbass players
those receivers are also turning in chem lab workbooks with the wrapping still on. Pencil packages too.
how come I am doing all the heavy lifting promoting !!
What do you do with what you learn? Does it impact the development of the piece?
Thanks for the RT re: Apr. 27 - national tell a story day. Write a story about how u started your business on your blog.
If you're near the Sears Tower in Chicago take a photo of the lobby,upload to and earn cash!
Looking for six children's books (age 7-12) #Caribbean #ChildrensLit #Fiction Suggestions please
Good to know! G'night.
Yeah my bf, he is awesome
I'm still writing in other environments, and I try to milk my alone time in the office lol but it drains my mental!
“ ESPN reporting TE Jacob Tamme gets 3 yrs, $9 million from Denver. Good career decision.”
I would have to agree, especially if it's the beautiful beginning of spring!
You know it!
Thanks for following me:-)
Good Catholic/Bad Catholic
That was a nutty ass foul shot
Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary...
Are you watching the 2011 Billboard Music Awards? Turn to ABC to catch the last hour!
We’re happy you like it! RT: I received the granola cereal from the giveaway you did. It’s yummy! Thank you again
Just remember whenever I give up it won't be because I don't care, but because you don't.
Omg if these cars in front of me moved up I could fit in this circle...I hate picking up my sister from school on a rainy day
Encourage student-student interaction
No music YET again for aqua aerobics. Happens time and time again. Major fail
they need to learn about sound volumes - music too loud in parts
Just woked up.
I miss low key
im not a fan
B.o.b. just turned out the BET hip hop awards...and that was following kanye's cipher. Amazing ciphers this year.
has given my cat a nickname - Keyser Soze. I'm not sure this is a term of endearment.
You get treated..tookin out like dates...
I still wished his bitchass a "goodluck" today -.-.
stop mocking me!!!!!!!!!!! no wonder hates you.
And then she discussed how much she liked Transformers 1 and 2. I was like, LOL. OKAY.
u do realize i called u yesterday, right?
Glad you decided to join in the fun! Honestly, I pick the location I need to complete from the book ;)
Not futile...grounded in statistics
we will always be there for you whenever you need us we'll be here #Belieber forever
yea it is!
Always enjoy the company
Do you think Rams will consider firing Williams? Sounds like they may have grounds to void his contract
Feels like some really cool things are going to happen this week.
I need more heels. Idk how I only got down to 2. The others got warn out or they were just too uncomfortable I guess.
Our friends are competing in the Northeast , this Sunday at ! Who wants to go with? :D It's
Please tell bars not to offer a free drink if an AA member walks in in exchange for their sobriety coin.
it is so explitavely(sp?) humid! in boulder (CO, USA) right now...anything over 30% kills me...and I used to live in Indonesia!
lol I did too. I was ridiculous.
Way to go vols!!
Homey game homey break homey food....doing ok
Way to stay classy, Blais ;)
Yes, true! I think this week it should be nice - tell me you're going to be attending SXSW!?!
Very interesting. I'm looking at doing ToughMudder in September. This could be a nice supporting tool!
Actually CRYING with laughter!x
Congrats to Russell Babcock of #nnjastd chapter for winning $5K prize. Bravo!
Back in #newmexico with ....Been Forever
I had to break out my currency converter. They're roughly the same price.
-.-' Did you hear me say swear words? :/
Aw, good spider. Come here spider. Let me squish you...WITH MY SHOE! Good spider. Dead spider. :)
For the first time, I turned off a new episode of #TheOffice. Flat-out bad tonight.
This county is so corrupt a deputy sheriff killed a woman speeding to work in cocoa, but was able to fight it by arguing they couldn't prove
I'd fight superman just to hold your hand <3
yes yes yes!
I better see you both tomorrow night
how are y'all using it? On what?
“Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.”—Unknown
My gpas jacket looks like a dress on me <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Fall quarter performance evaluations for Cristo Rey student workers are in - over 97% have been marked "good" or "outstanding" by employers.
#thingsthatmakemesmile . Family taking care of you when you're sick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I saw it. :) It's not the same.
Stop hiding your smile. FIX IT! Right here in Manhattan, 212-265-7150. Let us know you saw us on Twitter.
it's awesome. I use it in offline mode on my iPod touch when I work out, and then I can use it from my iPhone!
#AGirlJustWants someone faithful
awwah thanks I sure will keep u in mind wen im walking the runway!
when and how???
cameras allowed?
I will be making a decision of what to do next...... remember I told you I handle New Business Membership @ Sams Club
Photoshoot and Recording tomorrow. Night!
we just got to the hotel. Me and are in lobby sitting in front of elevators.
Taking a long bath then I know I'm going to k.o. That mile and a half got to me. Ugh and all that homework.
somebody kicking you in the shin > HJs > Facebook event invites
Reading your book Crush It! right now and absolutely loving it.
Boy; You Got My HeartBeat Runnin' Away.<3
solid pic! What's on the agenda tonight at #AllStarWeekend ?
Agreed! Good set of people.
let me have them fag
one down, one to go. And no Yankees baseball tonight means I get to go the eff to sleep. G'night...
ready to put those hrs in
Hm... Wonder what they think about this.
Adding a scoop of Nutella to my yogurt parfait today was like Anakin Skywalker going to the dark side. You know its bad but you can't stop.
Don't miss new special Christmas story, Mrs. Perry's Christmas, with world famous artist Wayland Moore! Ages 4-10. On Amazon.com.
Finally listened to Porcupine Tree's Fear of a Blank Planet. Not sure what I think. What I expected? Sure, but will require a second listen.
damn don't feel like that
Channing Tatum is so fine in #21JumpStreet This movie is hilarious.
*SHOOTING* Box 4-14 Winston Av & Northwood Dr, NE Balto; Adult male shot multi times. Medics taking to area trauma center in SERIOUS cond.
What is it with us girls, we have to get rid of some clothes after a break-up? this shirt is history! :P
was gud girl
I switched my flight back to SF to Monday morning so I can attend your rap party on Sunday in SD
Good morning
ever notice how Gene Simmons has the same shitty hair as the doll from the Saw movies?
Test driving a new xoom....love it. It won't be going back to the store after 30 days.
Ive never seen a guy with so much #swag as that man is beast!
Nice!! Dude I miss ya hahah but I can tell you like it out there!
We're having our December 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the MkeWineOpener on February 24th! Who's it gonna be???
duly noted, and taken under advisement.
Who is going to get a photo with at #SwitchUSF?
raised its full-year profit goal on Thursday by 8%, banking on strong Asian demand and a recovering U.S. market.
It's kinda nice out eh?
That's my favorite line too (:
oh dang :/ But you'll have fun touring :) Wish I could be on the road touring!
your a jerk.. you killed him ): poor guy.. </3 we shall pray for uhh.... spike .. lol hahahah (:
it's why I moved around...
all that's missing is standing in line at the post office. Right before 5:30 is especially fun.
he's not mine were giving him to my brothers girl friend :( so we didn't name him
"27 Extremely Awkward Things" = perfect book title!!!!!
Thank you! “: Just heard "Love You Right" for the first time...awesome song.”
#Rockies win! 5-3 over Astros in first game of the year.
Ashton/Demi!Mother of 3 girls.9,13,31.4 grandgirls.I have fought for my girls in this corrupt SDiego,CA legal system. I support U!
Streamers dropped from the ceiling in VICTORY! Go #Blazers we are
Crossfit sweating is no joke! Especially outside in Florida!
what if they turn into the most negitive person u know? What if they drive u crazy or they r crazy? Only so long u can take it
I'm your newest customer
yeah, I am not the best at post-race meet-ups, just based on the fact that I'm usually tired and grumpy. :)
Sick feeling like shit
“ Love when people give u a smart ass remark when u ask a question #fucku #assholes”
Spent all day in the snow shooting a winter life style shoot, it's going to look amazing.
Out of touch. RT : Is it 1960? Why are we debating if we should go to the moon? We've been.
Clive Davis, smooth and powerful words. "I just know your gonna raise heavens roof like never before."
but... do you like my cover?
thanks for the follow I love ur tweets
Happy New Years!
More interesting arguments, big scholars on the #ftw12 (Fem Theory Workshop at Duke) today. L Volpp, G Spivak; roundtable later.
Happy Birthday . The only difference between you and a brilliant cultural anthropologist is...um...nothing.
I just want my motherfucking grades
and gets me all sorts of sad. All at once.
Drinking coffee with my mamma and may :D
For one of the best PGs in the league, why does his offense blow so hard?
I'm #obsessed with !
yeeee oh let do it (wacka voice) what you got going today/tonight
same wish he was still alive today
Spring 2011 Curb Creative Leadership Lecture Features Siva Vaidhaynathan
I say let's do it then, we are #UR!
Watching #escapefromnewyork. To summarize: futuristic Manhattan is a high security prison/Kurt russell/& awesome 1981 graphics.
They dressed him up and got him to be on national TV that way. Have to enjoy that Haha
Yesterday was amazing (: I wish everyday could be like yesterday. Now I have to wait 6 days to see him again ): But
Hope the doc can bring you some quick relief!
Finally going to see the Acengers! #yee gonna be a good night!
did you see real steel? is a beast with it
A typing student once told me her little pinky fingers are weak. I responded by saying those fingers are as strong as every other finger.
LMFAO. RT : Poor yunnie wife. That monster has got to hurt like a bitch. Kiss ur 25 kids goodbye
let's just relive the hilarity of some things.
Yesterday was a month since I have been at the office. I miss that place.
I'm pretty sure my mommy is coming home drunk tonight.
im gonna send you the link
Mixtapes are lazy excuses for a lot of artists. It just goes to show that most are followers. Make a real project please.
“Boneless” wings doesn’t mean “spineless” wings. Our Asian Habanero and Buffalo flavors got plenty of kick! They are bad to the boneless.
bahahaha good one!!
bum. there you go :)
hope u can back it up
Possibly. If we do, of course you're invited! We definitely want to take it to festivals.
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.
haha. Well I need to verify that ;)
it really is, i mean you can be anything you want on the internet. lolol like a pony
Poor Roy. He's lost the love of his life and he looks so lost and forlorn.
MSNBC WWII simulation reveals what World knew of Nazis' persecution of Polish Jews.
Not sure yet, waiting for Corey to get back to me. GO CREW!
Tom Brady is modeling Uggs on a giant billboard in Hollywood. I love the guy, but damn, it's a good thing he plays QB the way he does.
#fact does not release trash!
And recovery starting at 9:15? ;-) : not today. Tomorrow is a 9am all ARXfit Pro workout for her.
im amazed by this small yet genius discovery! Thanks! Re: Why oh why is my spacebar not turning my arrow into a hand?
WOW! What a line-up. Can't wait to hear all about it. A '24 Desmirail, really?!!
wish he would notice me like he used to.
Petco just announced they are on board with Diversity Platinum Rewards Card! Yahoo!
S/O to my sister for spilling OJ all over me!
First #ppandf2 planning meeting tonight. So excited!!
My dad grew up at 72nd and Paxton next to St. Philip Neri. My aunts went to Aquinas.
#BestPickUpLines Damn, you got better legs than an isosceles right triangle.
CLIFFORD. NOW. AND DRESS WESTGARTH FOR GAME 3.
The Kinks. Period.
You're the one I should be with.. and noone else. <U+2665>
Do you think people who “have it all” still struggle with feelings of insecurity?
came across some ill ass art in the attic... I gotta have it...
Okay, John Cena acting constipated was semi-funny.
I don't think I should be coughing as horribly as I am. It sounds strange coming from my little body.
Fuck swag. All about that chi.
Did you two have a nice tea? So sorry I couldn't make it. I was working that evening.
Two redbones kissing in the backseat
New tour in the works?
have you used them? is their targeting good?
Cain: "This country is looking for leadership....Voters don't care about character assassination, they care about leadership."
Decently successful overnight to Cincinnati for IKEA purposes - related, when did my kids get tall enough for the 3ft depth of a hotel pool?
RT As I accept myself as I am, I see things from a broader perspective~Malathy Drew
the beer was excellent.
Getting Ready for My First #CheckRide #SoHappy but
if only
been looking for your info for a while. The two numbers i have on you are old
Crazy hook..
thanks man. I couldn't have done without you. ;)
Thanks for your comment. Hope you saw some of the commenters after you as well. Lots of interesting thoughts...
Good night, follow me
ok im gonna learn how to tweet so u guys help me outt
Visitors tend to trust businesses with photos or videos of the establishment.
Cough sneeze cough cough blow nose cough sneeze sneeze.
I done told you bout that default! lol RT : be playing games lol
Have a great time! You are gonna rock the Iron Man Canada! So proud of you and David!
Listen you dumb cunt, tell me how to fucking write again. You wrote "me and me father" and you're an English teacher. Get at me bitch.
Check it TWEEPS going to knock tfo everyone have a great #monday #goodnight and
Lakers played like shit...'cough 'cough' Kobe haha but he made em when they counted and got the W
with #SOPA #PIPA #RWA and now the SCOTUS ruling, this is a rough time for the free exchange of information and ideas
Welcome to new client and 100m hurdling sensation !
Two words: Hunger. Games.
everytime you say "shit" i want to make a you-know-who joke.
Man i bet you were so jealous of them
I'll be 6 rows off the field, one section past 3rd base (first section that juts out)
Scumbag Steve stuffed animal coming soon . . .
I am too. Great day! “: riding 40 miles with 32,000 people today through awesome streets of NYC. What are you doing? #5boro #NYC”
thanks for the follow! Let me know if I can help your company out!
Now time to make it home tonight/Thursday!
Congrats to former ASU great on making the 2011 futures game
<U+24BB><U+24B6><U+24B8><U+24C9> of the Day: All 13 minerals necessary for human life can be found in alcohol beverages.
U don't have to call by Usher is a dudes best song before headed out.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online just register and gain access to all the links enjoy!!!
what's up twitterworld?
Thanks! Yes, I am following !
dope dick me will fuck a porn star to sleep!
Wishing I would have stayed that way
#ASA2011! I'll be presenting at the Food Studies/American Studies roundtable, Saturday morning 10am, Tubman A.
My mom was singing and my dad just yelled at her to turn the radio up.. HAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you back!
all rested up for the Zombie Apocalypse?
scraps counter proposal includes 1st class out of town travel 4 me & the man + a meat locker full of cold cuts. all non-negotiable.
my girlfriend's mean to you?
bout to hoop with Coach Schmidt. Pick and pop all day.
Ah just noticed that i leave for florida next wednesday.!!! Hahaha
wish me luck for the match????xx
what time and how many today?
Ah, where have you been Ron Burgundy? So suave, debonair and every woman's dream!
jessica simpson FINALLY had her baby. didn't know maxwell was a girls name though....
I feel like knowing facts help you to know Himself better though
You were right: Parrington & Kelly's session on automated consent was a corker. Sharp, lively, actionable. In Best Of
who are you? O.o
Negative, I have SAR certification this weekend. You might be able to talk or into doing it, though.
RT : trading weird stories with during half time.
I feel ya bro
So there with you RT : It's not even Thanksgiving and I'm looking forward to getting a tree.
You can count these two
So not that my mom took my ringtone for my phone lol
Scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin'.
Keep loving every minute of it!
Check out our music on MySpace! www.myspace.com/gstandforgorgeous
And finally, you really ought to check out Menards for all this stuff. (cc )
VAGINA LICKING FRENZY, OH, OH! XD
Game on Blue Team! MT : Good morning, Virginia! Are you ready to see and ?
memorizing what color shirt he has on, to keep track of where he is and who he's with throughout the day. just because you're that creepy;)
Hahaha, that makes me excited to watch.
Which makes him yummy RT Edward Norton is just very good at looking wimpy while still being threatening.
NEW DANK IN, GOING FAST: Grand Daddy Purple & Sour Jack! ONLY $14/G $35/8th! We are closed 4th of July! Have a fun and happy holiday SD! :)
You are my fave new Clarendon restaurant! This is why. RT : Drink those frozen margaritas carefully, amigo.
thank you dear person!
Working on the total redesign of my media and broadcast platform. New names, expanded capacity and totally new look starting next week.
RT Did I just hear shout the southwest and ?! I think I did son. Dopest shit ever!
Oral hist + archival recs reveal hist, dispel myths, and reinforce beliefs of lost black neighborhood in PDX
Happy 30th Birthday Britney Bitch! I don't think you were ever innocent... #HitMeBabyOneMoreTime!
I think and worry too much ALL the time...
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he who loses his courage loses all:::Miguel de Cervantes+++PeACe
I tried to hold off until Easter but I just couldnt do it lol
yeah I don't know about that.... :-)
Hi everyone, make sure to come support Cello Fury's trip to Italy this summer @ Club Cafe in Pittsburgh! Donations welcome!
I checked my grades today and I have 3 A's so far. *exhales*
Hey, their chem and specialEd programs are great
sister perdon if i was being rude estoy frustrated . i feel bad :(
If I were Knicks GM I'd trade Amare so fast It would make his head spin after the locker room incident.
A4: In re: to biz page popularity: I thought there was "FB voting fatigue", but it seems to be coming back...true or tolerated?
& you ask me why i stay ? because i care .
On the way to a grants workshop w/ for VA Tech faculty members at their Ballston, Virginia site.
I don't think you ready now.
Waking up at 5:30 in the morning < Waking up at 5:30 in the morning to kiss my soldier and telling him to have a good day at work
We had a blast last night singing 4 an event @ & celebrating birthdays & new jobs afterward. Yay Caps!
Been crazy-busy! Working on editing a book for a client and should have it done within the next week or so! Exciting stuff!!
night dream well =]
heading back to Texas!
Hop on one foot and laugh.
At a casting workshop nodding off. Guess I better wake up for my scene.
Is is still possible to apply to the GTeam for a 2012 project in DC?
Office work is not my thing. I want to go outside and play.
My dad is in the other room, and instead of talking to me.. he is IMing me on Facebook. -_-
I will see you at the Chop Shop tonight! Don't worry, I didn't forget about Letterpress Week :)
Wow that's that yo
WELCOME TO PATERNO INDUSTRIES. 20 minutes without an accident.
lol I found that so entertaining
#Dontgo in the backyards of people you do not know, you could get arrested, and that would be bad
I'm not team follow back (I refuse to hashtag it) but it seems the common courtesy of a follow back would have been in order.
I guess you just can't quit me
also, totally had a feeling that there was a ring in that box.
Lord, we see the poorest of the poor living among us and we will not look away
Walkin' like a one man army Fightin' with the shadows in your head
Thanks for the follow! Cream City Chai's are the best, especially in this weather :)
thanksgiving is almost here and thankful mt parents will spend time with my family
The Advanced SOA suite training class next week in Redwood City is full! Learned a lot about accepting credit card payments...
wow there have been some changes on here since I was on last.
Twitter knows that you like to fine wine and dine in 5 star restaurants. ;)
what channel is WKU on?
uh oh! well, he's the MAN. LOL
There seems to be a going theme here... Get up. Get sick. ...Maybe I should just crawl around. Good night all... God bless!
It should still respect cookies and such, though, right? At least, it used to in prior versions...
So i might join wrestling (:
your mentor must not have been firing on all cylinders. But don't hold the bitterness in your heart. Give beer freely.
PS: Stay tuned for a November Giveaway! I just need 250 FB friends to make it happen...
Not sure if the cashier is flirting or just being nice. :|
Also joining us today is Priya (), the person behind the National Trust’s Twitter account.
maybe you're in DM limit. Like you dm too much and yeah,reached the limit.
Just got home.
Erasing my hard drive installing snow leapord. Lost all my plugins, trying to recover them
"Norfolk fights back! We're just as porny as Denver!"
Have fun! : 140 on I-87 : Get ready live tweets from #140mtlcommute tomorrow
Looking forward to tomorrow's one-hour do-over. I could use it.
You coulda had it all...
RT : Check out this #BaseballBoyfriend app in #Fantasybaseball App Central just in time for Valentine's Day...
Are you mooning people again? :x
Worst spring break ever </3
#Geek #Love! i think just learned you're not busy enough! Good for #GoToMeeting cc
Yesterday's first rehearsal , amazing scenic design presentation by the wonderful Tom Buderwitz. This show will rock!
They were obviously inspired by SNL's censored "Placenta Helper" sketch of the '70s.
honestly impressed at how many things can be wrong/go down before 9am today.
Finally going to The Hamilton tonight. Looking forward to my man-date with
Today I feel like a tampon. In a good place... at the wrong time.
The Yankees catcher gives away the fake with his jump. Unfortunately the Os don't see it.
LOOKS LIKE TWITTER KILLED BUT NOW FACEBOOK FANS ARE TRASHING HER HARD NOW OF FB..IT AINT OVER.
Bal goes down to 9 yd TD drive - not a way to foinish a game
You don't have to play basketball to know it -_-
Awwwesome. So far my day started by dropping a picture in a frame and burning my breakfast and running late. I love today. <3
To the herculean gentleman who just spiked a 90 lb. dumbbell like a football and yelled "RAGHHH!!!" at the top of his lungs: you win, OKAY?!
Let my heart lead me to my soulmate, and my mind lead me to success.
If only.
Fighting the urge to nap so hard.
Why would I want to lock my Mac?
Cant sleep :/
Hang in there Newt! I cannot wait to see you get slaughtered in November!! Yaaay!
So, I signed my company up for a twitter account 2 days ago. You won't believe the marketing Vultures who swarmed in the first 24 hours.
Thank you, keep repeating it till we stop letting "White Collar Criminals" in High Places literally "Get by with MURDER!!
Got a new job working on their International Brand! Consequently, if you are looking for design work, Potawatomi is hiring...
Good seeing you too. Felt like we connected for longer on Twitter. See you at ALC
U.S centers of Disease Control have a Zombie Apocalypse Preparedness Kit.
So perhaps the "academic freedom" and "budget cuts" issues not so important? RT : Texas is doubling his salary.
While I'm not the biggest fan of Alberto Contador, that was a cheeky little move that was fun to watch today.
Note to self: pale pink nail polish makes your pasty hands look even more corpse-like.
Still listening to the Naked Brothers Band music >>>>
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
I luhh you
S/O to , everyone follow him. Best guy u will ever meet. Love dude to death.
WTF did Zooey D do to her hair? #nononono Please tell me it's a wig.
I can't even walk down the stairs !!!
Is it possible to buy just a joint? What if I don't want a whole bag of weed?
Where is it located - and I love it.
Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to… the truth isn't pleasant.
he's like a carwash vacuum that drools and snarfs.
Playing XBOX kinect with my brother and aunt :D
heyy um u on?
And Selena Gomez on DWTS and the BOYFRIEND video!
#Cityglamevent followers I'm having trouble following you back so bare with me this suck! # As if i have time to become Twitter Tech...SMH
i was, back now. Business and pleasure. Hope you are well
Hello Fuzed Travel thanks for your quick responses.
Just spoke with a producer (;
Scottish football team to reveal all for Channel 4 show Embarrassing Bodies
So much for my "not putting $ into the program" argument RT : 2 Million per yr? hell, I don't even blame Trent for jumping now.
All day. Every day. All night, dude.
It was great to get to hang out in person this week!
I have tickets to 2 shows this summer and I am totally interested in meet and greets with !!! Details?!
you just blew.my.mind.
Hate baseball but apparently I have an overhand catch like the manliest of all manly baseball players.
For those interested, the episode was Clean House on the Style network... Season 5, Episode 13 - Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch. :)
like the white whale?
a food kind? I've definitely never heard of that one.
School,School,School!! Ready 2 play bball at 3
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I got gifts when I thought I was bad
What Up Twitter?
We're more than happy to help! If u could shoot us an email to: we would be happy to re-email your tix :)
trying to get down there soon
No problem. :)
Is it weird that I'm jealous of the guy that invented the pet rock?
please i need 1 more follower i follow back
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
Positive thinking is the key to all success! Working out.
Mike Patton lookalike number 3 just at a taco
Yet somehow my professor thinks that only the one guy in my class likes games.... Huh.
made my twitter yall...
So many di** riders... What purpose do they serve? U Nigg** faker than April fools day...
Happy Birthday! Have fun! xoxo
Looking forward to interviewing candidates tomorrow. Last time I did this, I got stuck with in my life.
Mr Hazard! How is my EO friend from Down under? Are you goinng back to the Murphy Convention this year?
#Win EatSmart Precision GetFit Digital Body Fat Scale via
If kids irritate u so much, y didn't u use protection...dummy
The number one hobby in China is stamp collecting
"<U+FFFD>At Twitter, mobile is in our DNA <U+FFFD> For us, it<U+FFFD>s all about mobile, and it always has been"
haha. Some girl named Kirby did though
and my self will be there, first bout since Honolulu! Excited!
Our responsibility to ourselves and the world is to seek out knowledge and act on what we learn
Don't do that! (BTW, time to pick an avatar Steve!)
lol I was thinking the same thing but I hate the Fakers more so come on OKC lol
MT Based on fundraising results so far spent about 9 cents per vote. Walker about $22; Falk $4; Barrett $2
Right back at you! :)
yeah sure! :)
RT": Blondes, brunettes or red heads- which do you prefer?"<--BRUNETTES all day, everyday! :)
Coffee is a broadly consumed drink prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Love and kudos out to my sis today Michelle L Andrews
definitely will try out with APUSH after exam. Most have phones in there w/web
My grandma is hallucinating , its funny she said she saw a spider && there was nothing there xDD
Now say your a bird. If your a bird, I'm a bird.~The Notebook
oh we will be! it is a deadline weekend, ya, but for you guys we'll put some pants on (too much?) and get outa the house!
will do! =D
My trending topic for the day is
It's good! Busy busy... pushing a new product out there. Exciting! Thanks for asking. :)
were you at this american life live last night?
Air France-if we arent going to find out, and 3 years from now it will be a premise for another “based on true story” Hollywood flick.
On my workout flow!
what the fuck is an official invite?!
This RT : I wish I could personally find every guy who is in the middle of lying about hooking up with a girl and bitch slap him.
MJ had more points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks. He was the league MVP 5 times to Kobe's 1 time. Sorry girl MJ>Kobe
I know what makes him act like a ass, I know when makes him feel loved. I know what to do when he's cranky and what to do when he ..........
RT : getting ready to show off the Dell Streak at #MGoL tonight. See you there!
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
Don't you hit me with that whip!
Just got the new site up and running. Great design by Sean Early.
Being grounded from my car SUCKS
Everything is a pyramid scheme. The cashiers & cooks at do ALL the work, while the CEO at the top makes ALL the money. :-)
Ate breakfasts...time to get to work.
Congrats on the Men's Health Award!
If you're attending NAB? Come if you can? Tomorrow's session: Powerful Storytelling - 9:00 AM Sunday @ Place: Pavillion 2 - Las Vegas Hotel
You w a big boy so you doin big things.
Way to go Tebow, you shut up all the nay sayers... Yeeeaaahhhh baby...Orphanz™
sweet!!! Good luck girl
Can't fight love that's a battle u will lose
hey we're going to be doing an in-store next week on the 16th. stop by and check it out.
Bring it Back: The SmackDown Fist!
she asked where Ana, Isabel, and Natalie were. I told her
we should probably go on a date.
why don't they have that in #miamibeach?
Uh, need to start censoring myself around my nephew. He just walked into the room and said " I'm free bitches" in response to his timeout.
and ken freestyle and the discussion after
Love the idea. Know Lian-Li products. We will look into it. Stay tuned for a whole new set of PCs under $1,0000
Saggy ass sad girl shorts now available.
Hey Nick' what is your favorite movie???please answer me...! :)
yes, that game kept everyone up late!
Did I mention Smoked Turkey Thighs? RT : yea yea yea I get the idea... now... to develop a meat teleporter to fill ...
top 5 for me all time
RIP Elizabeth Taylor!
Dear I LOVE YOU and am a very proud fan!! ILY! :) Follow me please :))
maybe we should update that thing...
last day of work before vacation so just want to get this one over with, other than that not much. How bout you?
Full seasons of Rescue Me, OnDemand now?! I know what i'm doing after work...
Stop in for an evening with Thomas Neptune tonight at Bottle Rock in Culver City. Music starts at 7 PM. Great wine, great microbrews,...
hey vinny, quick question. Whhhhhhyyy arent you comingg to C H I C A G O??? :(
Even tho its only for a week but still its springbreak bitches!!!!!
You know what's not cool? Mumble reading a press release to yourself in a coffee shop. Don't do it. People will judge you.
why so?
My 8 year old nephew telling me about his soccer game tomorrow: "I don't like early games because I like to ease into my mornings"
Wild Squirrel Nut Butter is a great story of student entrepreneurs tapping the natural food market. On shark tank in may
I AM NOW “: what r u up to? smile.”
No better or worse than other US airlines. Depending on route and date, it can be like a cattle car.
gonna get big.
and counting down to see tonight in LA! DM me for details!
I'm like a seed planted in the dirt, feels like I've been waiting forever to grow.
Malibu Red sounds disgusting. Tequila premixed with rum??? No thanks.
i havent listened to all of it but yeah its good. there are some good like soft songs and acoustic
We will be playing Ziggy's in Cattanooga, TN June 10th! Come hang out!
quick hi to new followers: , and
Sometimes I like my toast...burnt.
Out of all the artists in the industry, I am so proud to say that I'm a fan. Real talent.
Education needs to not be the kiss of death. We should be mindful of how we represent ourselves. -
RT : RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!
raised 5 boys, battles MS everyday, does extensive charity work, and beat breast cancer.
Can't wait for our #tasteofmadison adventure!
it switched?! What night is it?
#TONIGHT Going out: "Lenny!!! Big bro" via
I understand your idea of best singer, agree to disagree though!
BOOM! Suck it #Lions. #Packers!
Yes I think aboout you all day! <3
Mule day 2012!
No doubt!
Who what's to join my tribute band Panic at the Cosco?
Do #Paulbots really believe that we indiscriminately bomb other countries with no regard for innocent life?
Sorry to hear that things aren't exactly looking up for you right now Angela :/
Happy Birthday. :D
Sometimes I prefer my other state of mind
not too north but not too south
PITTSBURGH STEELERS kicked ass today!!!!!!!!!!
- get excited for singing, man!
Boy its cold out here.
it makes me really happy how when you search for The Cab on twitter, a DAB picture comes up :')
#Original :p
I'm looking to interview shy and introverted people. Do you ID with these traits? Let me know and don't be ... you know, shy. (so clever)
Want to know what the #Tarot says about your Path of Love? Check out www.tarotspeakeasy.com the world's only time-travelling Tarot blog!
Chuck isn't giving up on the Nuggets yet.
Still on fire.lol.I danced and did a trick and made it worse.Now I have another week in this cast.hope I don't get hurt again.haha
RIP Steve Jobs thank you for your brilliance and contribution to our society you'll be missed
Special thanks to Bob Burchfield for coming in yesterday! Great new pics from that review coming soon!
Put yo milk in my CoCo puffs
Originally had a day off. Now I have to work. At least its only a short shift. 2-6.
At the finals of the #SAPTrainRace - some great work by the developers.
After work heading to the gym
Awesome news!!
I hear that they're going to offer some twitter only specials. Might be a good idea to follow
Oh yeah. drummy drum drum
Sadly, no
no cucumbers?
Oh no, Haha I was going to tweet something last night about YouTube renting videos. Then I fell asleep and must have left it
I was suppose to start my homework 3 hours ago .. yet im still on the computer
Only 36 away from 100! anyone want to help us get more followers?! We will follow back and we donate 5 cents for every follower! :)
Joe Cheeta's Game Show is from 7-9pm.
kill it at #sxsw fam. Record the performance so we can get it on the site.
#Royals fans, I live out of town. Please clearly indicate your degree if sarcasm, or just play nice!
Aha , he thinks he's gonna get it ; like no nigga !
I wanna give you,.. an everlasting love.
What was the revelation?
a nation of wolves ruled by sheep
Outpatient Access Deductible-This is when ins co's no longer want to treat you in hospitals and do it outpatient due to medical technology
Have you heard of that store called Regarding Kitchens? I think someone should open a store called Regarding Kittens.
Come by Bird's on Franklin after. I'll serve you chicken.
yay can't wait!
I woke up and the first thought I had was "I'm free as I'll ever be!" lmao
what rapper would you compare yourself to?
Um, her face and hair looked really really pretty...
. mentions numerous studies that showed definitive longterm damage among ex-football players.
CNN correspondent shoos iPad fanboy out of his live shot outside Apple Store. Fanboy gives camera the middle finger.
Wonder if Dave Smoley will discuss early adoption of (1st big customer) in addition to
And those are the ones who didn't lie on the survey! RT New mental-health guidelines could label 40% of college students alcoholics
oh yea :D
I like this song that I'm listening to mirror by ft.
That was a good fucking nap!
Shedding the "give a shit" lifestyle. This will take discipline. But I can and will do it. Really, why should I care about it? I shouldn't.
GREAT PRO COMEDY SHOW Club THURS APRIL 28 (4th st btwn 2nd & 3rd) See the funniest NYC COMICS & ME.So funny you'll pee
Writing an ethnography of a virology lab is difficult in the wake of every other lab study. (Thanks a bunch, Latour, Knorr-Cetina, et.al.)
All CWSL classes canceled today. Resume Monday Sept 12. Campus operations open soon. Employees will be contacted by dept heads.
lol late as usual
Hit the daily tweet limit again. I'll be requesting later today again. Have to get some sleep for now though.
Pyrotopia is now officially <U+2714> *Burgh Verified*! Thanks, !
Student Loans; #Republicans want to DOUBLE the interest rate. Obama wants to keep at 3.4%. WHO is on the side of the poor & young?
And the random winner of the Jamba Juice gift card is Chelle!!! Message me your mailing address and I'll get it out tomorrow! :)
T Ishikawa in the House!!!
Bought shoes on their site. that was harder than what it needed to be...
good afternoon, I'm sure it will get better and better
Our friendship won't be pretty for the next two weeks
#nf ....appreciate the follow!
Happy birthday to your son! :)
Of course. Best of luck. I'll post on my website tomorrow.
Sorry everyone im hacked so i am not the ones posting about the losing weight and stuff
Definitely a big one - which #CentralFL #beach do you frequent the most in the summer?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F MOSTLY CLOUDY
funny I just turned it off cause I saw they were winning
#edchat #cpchat How can you help a struggling teacher who already feels as though they have lost their classroom? HELP WANTED!!
It's snowing!
BREAKING NEWS: Mitt Romney changes Super Bowl pick to NY Giants.
makeup is a pain in the booty
Thanks for the follow Lorena. Your blog posts are great & you must do great work for small business. How can I help you?
It's Easter?
So I feel that was my good deed for the day right?
I wish Dustin Brown was on the Sabres. That's what the Sabres need. A big physical beast that has some skill as well
Full list of NYE Parties and shows for Nashville coming later this week!
I'll pass
Japanese food is better then Chinese food
he's got this fucking look on his face like he's pulled this stuff before, ...
working to follow my heart. not just my head
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
dont let this fag hag or lame dame flame or whatever her formally fat ass is talk about our dave! Fat girls rule....buffet
I had that thought and then laughed because, duh, that's what they DO! You don't think it's funny?
I know, I forget to text back >.<
at least you weren't the one getting pulled over! He's a dumbass.
What is marni?
what percent of those who tout the health benefits of wine do you think adhere to the moderation recommendations? I'd guess 1%
me too. Also, love the twitter profile pic! Cute .. I mean so sad ;)
Too much weekend. and I are in for the day.
Despite a little rain, perfect day. Great group of #NASATweetup guests to share the last shuttle launch with.
finish it already!!!
Running from bees in the library parking lot. Guess I shouldn't have worn perfume and a floral shirt.
": Ike D. RT : late rounders most upside? Ike Davis, Lo Cain, T Bauer @ or B Belt?" No fear of Valley fever?
thanks for the mention!
Thanks for the mention, Gene! Have a great week!
If i make it me & my team #TGe goin live in a Big a$$ Crib something like a build
When school buses are threatened in a California school district, watch what kids do next. Catch our NEW SHOW this Sunday on
PLEASE NOBODY DIE
I refuse to let the madness of writer's block take hold. Dammit. I'm going to kick my own ass if I don't finish this chapter tonight!
lol this car came by last night and they've stolen from us before so ya haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
What the heck it is 3 AM! Where did time go lol!!! >.<
returns to the Jet City stage this weekend after a very long hiatus. Friday 10:30pm and Saturday 8pm at Don't miss it!
With what?
Ready to travel and meet new people.
Dear Guys, if you disrespect a girl, you're not considered a MAN. You are considered a little BOY.
RT bcuz me and my bestfrandd are in love withh youu and we stayed up till 3:06 am (thats now) to watch yours and kians videos:)
no such luck
no way!! Haha well jamba is literally a block away from me so I guess that could be one option. Idk if I can go out there yet
Thank you for Tweeting our booklist!
Permanately turned off.
I like to jus say, you've always been my best friend. No matter what. I'd be lost without you. #BestFriendsForever #ThugLove (;
my friends just keep reminding me of the stuff we were drinking and it's making me feel worse. look at my friend in my picture haha
album is dope!
To win in the NFL i.e. Super Bowl, you must be extremely good at passing the ball. Tebow sets the QB position back 50+ years.
Assyrian Proverb~ You can not write in the chimney with charcoal.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow. it would honestly make me so happy<3
So.... I Just Saw A Spider &$ Screamed Really Loud ;O Lol
can u be my 300 followers thanks dude:D
it was about time too
Just back from Spain. Visited Barcelona, Seville, Cordoba and Marbella. I know a great tour guide in Barcelona if anyone is going there.
Andrew Luck with the flip phone.
will be live-tweeting the Dolphins v Patriots game today! Follow and get "Rebecca Brings You The Sports!" updates!
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
& Thanks for the RT's, Lovelies. Wishing you a fantastic weekend!
My blood sugar was at nearly 400 last night and today it's normal. No clue about whats going on but I don't want it high ever again
oh I think I know who you're talking about, did you retweet her earlier?
We are the only table at middle eastern tapas brunch. Go figure. #weremember #9/11
Professed my recognitions that while dedication to quality is paramount, NYC market is a beast - he looked like this was common, haha (2/3)-
hey! U have a website/fb?
Do you have your customers sign contracts or fee agreements? If no – why not? Get your lawyer to review the contract first.
I got a iPhone 4 am sale
we just got done workin at school & 's mom said we smell like "the girl version of home depot" we were working w/ wood so ya. lol
I juss hot outta the shower (: nice & freshh ! Lol & no when I freaked, my sister came over & smashed it. Poor cricket .. lol
lmfao the whole crews up in here what is this some kind of field day or somethinn
Yay I finished my project!!!!! :)
just walking dogs. There is so mug construction it is not cool.
thanks so much for the follow! Please let us know if we can help with a new mattress!
I don't see it. Which address?
The graphic usually needs to get approved first by head of the department. But send me your org. info to .
Double overtime! Let's go Hoyas
Happy birthday ! :)
Bieber or Hilary Swank doing a scene for Million Dollar Baby 2?
im giving you the look....hahahahah
Chris Rock from Columbus, OH is leaving TTUN. More room for playmakers hahahaha
If the WNBA has a lockout like the NFL they'd sell the same amount of tickets as they always did
Thanks for meeting with us today Alfred! Your information and feedback were invaluable.
Im now on Google+ Do you say Be my friend Add me Be in my circle Or Lets connect? LOL.. Dont you just love learning all these social medias.
My mandolin's name is Mandy. I'm not very creative xD
Just arrived in from Nashville,Had a great time ,but I sure am tired
have a great day! <3
EOC test for algebra today! -.-
yeah ! when and where ?
Working on some new stuff. Going to be epic!
no, no they don't they smell like charlies paws(:
Do we ever look at the effectiveness of using tech in teaching? Do we measure it?
Anybody tried snow white before?
thank u hun! :) ou okay if u want that name back just say it! It feels like I steal it or something :/
I know my Mom worked some miracles sometimes with very little but we never knew it ~
You wouldn't believe who I just met. I love it!!
it's time to give up on da browns. We will welcome you as an Steelers fan.
So excited for #fantabuloso holy shittttt
Lol Yes W/ The Help From
Kids will always be wearing Zeppelin shirts. That's awesome.
Gonna get neeno a present today :D I have to wait til sarah comes home though. Ugh I'm so bored. She comes at 1!
It posted pictures of my mom on the Nadal PR account. It looked a lil unprofessional & shit
Cool #IslamMadeMeRealise is Worldwide trending, and almost all twits are positive, constructive messages.
Did nothing today. But that's okay
Aaron gordon threw it off clueless defenders back twice in first half. One got dunked on.
Anyone have leopard or whatever to update Mac computers.
Y do liars dislike being lied to?
you guys invited me! I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN. Haha
Im back im back, now that #basketball season is almost over I know perfect timing lol not really #Heat vs. #Mavs #NBAFinals good match-up
It's so hot out- to hot to get your workout on outside- come by anytime fitness and get fit inside!
Waiting on table Casion. Busy here today.
Knewton indicates the intention to pioneer "adaptive engagement" - using data to personalize user interface
Did you know that there are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette" Rustique?
not until later this week I hate working.
Needed that inspiration kick in the b. Will now commence countering #toomuchhappening with
WHATEVER! I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST IT, I JUST DON'T LIKE IT
I rock peas on my head, but don't call me a peahead.
I LOVE BEYONCE
(And do watch the video: I'm bringing it to you all the way from the redwood forest!)
amazing inspiration found VIrutal Museum. A perfect blend of fashion and virtual interior design!
: Maybe not used all the time, but I'm glad I have drawing skills. You learn a lot about the world by observing & drawing it.
Accuse you of thinking it's the 50s: they're just projecting their insanity!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you so much for posting the Warren video! But minor correction, the director was Brian Shortall.
I didn't get to grab ,,,Ray Park, Deep Roy&Eddie Furlong's autographs but I did get all the artists!
Come party! Be a part of the spectacle tonight.. I'm DJing -- OMG IT'S HiM! On the decks. In the mix. At it again.
good seeing ya out homeslice
I'm sure you'll recover
Sorry - Yes on long island NY
...as did Julian Coryell, as soon as he finished a gig with Alanis Morissette. Needless to say, we've been excited :)
And it turns out I don't even need #gnuplot all I needed for plotting in #octave on #osx was setenv("GNUTERM", "x11")
Thanks for the RTs!
I always seem to hear David Bowie's" Lets Dance" while my girl puts on her makeup and does her hair
when r u coming back to the us? we miss you in LA :(
You going to be at the International Beer Fest on Saturday by chance? :)
Well she laid her heart and soul right in your hands. -keith urban
I understand completely. You know I do.
Game day at Fredonia
Awww I know we made his day w/a 20$ tip-i feel like such a good person
Texas iss hot but I'm having fun :) def miss my friends/family too
Wow, don't be mad at me just kuz my people say u ratchet #the truth hurts
W/rome
What the fuck, Mark?
And that's why I buy Klements instead.
lol! we got nothin but love for ya Puchi!
I came into this #senatedebate thinking I would vote for Within ten minutes I'm sure I'm voting for Richard Murdock. LUGAR'S OLD
Had my first Chinese massage yesterday. My body felt years lighter!
My condolences...
hope kicks butt 2day! Happy Homecoming!! #GoPhoenix!!
U may think im dumb but then i prove u wrong and say something mind blowing Cheergirl<333
ugh. codeyear exercises taking me far too long each day. sad. i'm going to have to quit this. i'm too slow to pick it up.
Did you watch tonight? Did you vote yet for ? If not, please vote NOW! Dial 1-866-856-8308 for
Khan is one hood ass nigga
i use too lol
And flights there are so reasonable. Not.
If it's #Friday and u know it clap yr hands!
tweet she's my beautiful fiery red headed best friend and she's has a comfy couch and an empty house!
because i'm taking everything pre-ap next year, i have a feeling i'm going to die
u kno how i do
that's classic!
Everyone please stay safe tonight. And say it with us....FUCK TORNADOS!!!!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I'm sleeping at my friends house lol
Finished a sitcom pilot rewrite yesterday.
Any of our #Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Missions Team please make sure you are at service tonight so I can meet with you following! I'm ready!
i can read these u know!!! #whydontujusttagmeinthem!!!!!!
What kind of funny dumb stuff do boys typically dare or challenge each other to do?
Six on one hand, and half a dozen on the other. Which hand is heavier?
Thanks for the follow! You are a great non-profit!
We're looking for "unloved" taxa to get the same sort of treatment usually reserved for more charismatic critters and plants.
This Brunzwick Zone ad is making me want to do some serious laser tag.
I always try to do my absolute best at any task I undertake, simply because I know it will piss lots of people off.
I need more coffee <U+2615>
Lager at Jupiter. I'm berkeleyed out.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO TWEET THAT OMFG.
Where's all our 'Crazies' at?!
Too kind! Thank you!
In Atlanta, now on my way to D.C.!
it all makes sense now
If your reading diiz i just wanna say your beauriful no matter what other people say ~ Maricarmen
“It wasnt even winning that mattered; surviving was enough”- Lowell Thomas on early automobile racing
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ I-84
#Didyouknow during a total solar eclipse the temperature can drop by 6°C (20°F)
Yeah well imma take some pepto and try to sleep going to race cardboard boats at the lake tomorrow (:
what a beautiful day today in #abq!!!!
Shoutout to , and for the sweet tweetage!
has gotten great feedback on our new tags and healing stones. I am very happy that our clients are liking them!
I wonder if Liam just kinda throws his shoe at the keyboard and presses tweet.
The RBB will be screening the movie at 5th and Brazos all week during SXSW Take a picture w the poster, Tweet it and receive a RBB sticker
Quick test: how do you feel about St. Louis, the Nelson, and Boulevard Beer?
text me den
Boy I am in misery you got me you got me bad. ~misery
What do you think about social networking websites as they relate to the Arts?
Couldn't wait to Friday to shout it out! - All my fellow mothers a must to follow!
she bought me a Fiat
O yeah stop in for $5.00 pizzas and $3.00 cans RT : Bears play tonight!!! :)
Want to sleep. Stupid bio bull crap
Date night with the hubs includes bucca di beppo, the apple store, cvs, Walmart, and anime. Win!
Tha Carter I > Tha Carter IV
He's a nice guy, but he tweets too much.
Getting quite the tour of my home state.
Having a great time at the school's annual celebration!
shut up :)
RT : Congrats to & for success of new docu film exposing crazy politicized textbook process in...
somebody Que the JAWS MUSIC lol...
That's awesome that Greg is standing on a box!
Eggs aren't really religious RT i'm not religious so it seems a little hypocritical to do easter stuff ..
Paying for college football « Fully Myelinated
we both have a problem -_-
I'm overwhelmed with the blessing of a daughter. It just hit me how blessed my wife & I are. I love you babe, and can't wait till October.
damn son
Mexican Baklava: Heat large flour tortilla. Slather with chunky peanut butter. Drizzle honey on top. Roll up. Slice. Yum!! (I made that up)
Now you're being modest.
“: Bell will more than likely be added but give JJ a chance.” >>> Don't count on Bell. Eagles aren't high on him.
So who should be the new NYT CEO?
Have you stopped by Meteor's booth yet at #OMMAGlobal? Visit us and enter to win #free #analytics! We're in the social lounge.
RT If I were you, I would wait for the next iPad.
Have now watched the Rangers highlights from last night six times. There could be something wrong with me.
Revit templates are great until you find that all the mistakes being blamed on the draftees have been errors hardcoded in the template.
yeaaaaahhhhhhh buddy! Even though now I have a sore throat bo!
He may as well start saying it, because that perfectly describes the Utah game.
Ta'amu looks like a beast ! Welcome to #steelernation alameda!
I've seen them 4 times & they're awesome. Going again on Sunday.
Yeah, I have goals. I guess I'm just trying to figure out the rules to the game before I score.
I think you will be happy with your iphone I love mine!
Back by popular demand! Ciao Bella Jewelry's 12 Days of Christmas Sale starts this week! Check out the daily gift at wholesale prices!
haha I think I did already xD
we hope you do too :)
umm I was about to send you info about the party, but you unfollowed me?
Then onward to Bloomington with and to see et al. Road trip!
What's the last name of the family from the "Brady bunch"??? I just can't remember
now go to wendys and get a triple baconator to top it off
At last night's Access to Justice dinner w/ Adm William McRaven,Com,Special Ops & Navy Seal Team that gave Osama Bin Laden his "justice".wow
you make that trip to Miami yet?
Happy Valentines Day XOXO <3 you all =] and thank you for all your love and support.
Don King has been bad for boxing. He's done some good things. he did a heckofajob promoing Ali but I could have promoted Ali. Dick Schaap
Damn this is a sloppy ass finish to a game. Its comin down to who is worse at.finishing
This is not the Bailey's talking but: bacon cooks differently at nite...
Excellent job stepping up in the clutch!
Woodrow Wilson High School please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
Sailor Moon Ranks as #2 March Graphic Novel in U.S. Bookstores
New York City School Construction Authority still uses Alberene Soapstone for laboratories in high schools. Better than resins. Go green.
Hahaa ur the gangsta... i moved to alaska so ive just been 'chillin' literally lol nah kinda the same ol same ol..
OMG scariest moment of my life...im at the road and we almost got hit by a huge truck...i was like now I apresiate more my life
Derrick, I've got exiting and innovative .NETopenings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
RT : Took 3 boxes of books to trade at Guy spent some time sorting through them, looked up at me, said "TV...
haha my mom didnt believe me either and we're still #coolkids :)
Eating at the commodore is like mcdonalds meets KFC meets tiki bar.
OVS thanks Dr. Deborah Lipstadt for a great program last month! Watch an interview with Dr. Lipstadt on Bloomberg TV tonight at 11 PM EST!
I know he was so cute and still is ;) hehe.
Who should follow?
THIS IS IT!
did you buy your pants on sale? Because at my house they'd be 100% off (;
So Bored...
I wish someone would come throw a rock at my bedroom window and play me the guitar right now.
Cup #250 Throwing Agateware Cup- 2 Clays Brown &amp; White Stoneware
well thank you very much ^.^
“: A Served Leader corrects at his own pleasure. A Servant Leader always seeks the profit of others. Hebrews 12:10”
Come to Minneapolis.
Pondering: Your inner being knows what to do. Trust your instincts. via
for your poker needs
Teenage Dream <U+2665> katy perry
Hello world, I hope that life is treating you well as it should every day!!
I don't really get it. Why am I a spotify person?
Headed to a wedding in Lombard, IL. Thanks to the #dietribes (see you at #usffw) and great community at #dtl2011 . Great experience!
glad you could come! See you May 20!
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Goodmoanin look at the valley victorian scared of the future while i hope in the delorian
I am babysitting DBAs.. Another fun week, this one!
Drag Bingo tonight at Twist Social Club at 9:30pm! Proceeds benefit the AIDS Taskforce of Greater Cleveland. Come meet the staff & drink!
So disgusted
You are so fun to watch. You have the most amazing smile!
I hate few things more than microsuede.
Zing! RT Last night someone asked me how to use the #MBTA kiosk to get a ticket to see C Sheen. Made joke about *Charlie* Ticket
Eraserhead for Virtual Boy
there is a lot of women in semipro so don't worry
American Reunion is funny movie to watch.
What's your favorite #foodtruck food?
its all good, it gave me something to do on break haha
Just ran into some bee savvy friends at Tiny Boxwoods: talking about the lack of zucchini this year bc no bees or need to hand pollinate.
Well this isn't what I planned.
hello!! :) Hows life?
Today is the 45th anniversary of his assasination. You will always be remembered Negus Malcolm X.
Printing off a lot of #MarkLogic documentation to read during the Christmas break
Mass Effect 3 in a word: EPIC!
Debating whether to buy Charlie Sheen tix...could be one entertaining train wreck.
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 6th. Still 3-1 Maryland as we head to the bottom half.
is that green one a Briggs & Riley? I think has the same one... :-)
Do you have any mint julep recipes?
What is your favorite long lasting lipstick?
They put my ASS in twitter jail
Santa Fe all the way!
RT : On the air with Laura Ingram this morning at 10:30.
Looking forward to it!
follow me
A7: Influence - you are depended on & seen as a difference maker who has the courage to make tough & important decisions.
If you're studying abroad and are interested in being an RA, the deadline to apply is Nov. 6th. Email for questions!
BECKY IS TOO MUCH
Hey guys. :) Love you guys. :) Lmao.
Picasso Music in Okalahoma City. What a great place. Ms Kari: you certianly know how to make a wandering guitar player feel welcome!!
thats because your Martain ;) "brains of this operation " i remember seeing that some where other then your bio...
Tickets are available at the door for #9. Don't miss it, it's going to be an amazing night with some fantastic speakers!
Do Not Work For Free for Exposure (the Wrap)
did u and ur gf break up or something?
LSU going for the 20 yard field goal kick.
32 dollars, 2 pants (not shown, from ), and a rose
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
South Carolina you are amazing so far!
heading to barstow to location scout. barstow. would rather be in disneyland with the kids.
Peyton Manning on the Broncos would be sick af
I hope mother Fugger gets some good seats out of it.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. Albert Einstein - Lets turn every roadblock into a stepping stone for success! lets live now!
V8 juice and toast. (:
Real Starting point of today's events is for a coffee while I await my colleagues' arrival.
welcome ghost
okay, now my internet is the only thing now working
Today we celebrate Linda & Jorge at the Beautiful Hyatt Resort! Congrats!
Rebecca Jordan-Young: sex-testing of Olympic athletes as manifestation of notion of privacy as privilege of whiteness & maleness
happy birthday savannah your the best have a great time today
#slpeeps at what level do you you use LinkedIn and Google + compared to FB and Twitter ?
I would like to Trust Jimmy more seeing Sun Prairie is closer to us LOL
This is , tweeting from the School of Engineering lecture by Norman Fortenberry from the ASEE, "Engineering Excitement."
I know you r too strong for him bc Binky don't play!
Are you wearing a spanish onez tonight!?
I know right! I had my birthday there, that place is delicious!
1 more, from crazy Foghat fan political twitter follower - yes, there goes ALL credibility, but I carry a torch 4 those guys
even I know this!
Well Well Well Good Afternoon 2 All !
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
been there bumped that.
If people spent the same amount of time on their music as they do self promotions you would not need to promote as much
Hey I just checked out the new trailer for Tim Burton's Dark ShadZZZZzzzzzzzz........
me to. But i dont want to :P
Philadelphia with Brand/Iguodala is another option, as is New Orleans with Okafor and their two firsts
Hello Boy! How are you? ;DD
ahh man I missed it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
If u quit, somebody else will live ur dream
1st time in Dallas with -- I'll take a #1 animal style please and thank you.
....... WITH MONOPOLY MONEY BITCHES *proceeds to make it rain*
Juliet Simms totally should have won
What do you do for a living
#2brokegirls is picked up for a second season! Congrats to & Full Circle Mgmt family
#newyorkers #zap me to place only 10 minutes
heading to Las Vegas right now! Looking for poker tournaments and then,later in the week,some cash games at Bellagio. Wish me luck!!
ijm pissed some boy told me im ugly im pissed off
cant he see he's everything I need!</3 I need him!
I question only “not really” – too much evidence to have doubts any more
Was not planing on going to Vegas this time around. So far, I am only planing on going to safetec in Lexington KY
Happy National Library Week! We're having book giveaways during Ready to Read programs & Teen Hangout! Visit your library for more info.
Feng Shui: Antiques carry energy & memories. When purchasing pre-owned items - burn sage & claim the items as yours. Clear their energy.
How to train a dragon: hicup: "Thank you for nothing you useless reptile" XD lmao
it was so hilarious. why cant SNL be funny every week?
best comeback story, lance Armstrong
: Thanks Melissa, right back at ya!
That is amazing.
Push ups and sit ups tonight for me
You are welcome to visit anytime, we have a futon. You know Molly would love to see you (me too of course)!
come visit <3333
They can always tell when something is wrong
- Oz is awesome. He doesn't say much, so what he says is important & epic.
Driving by Wrigley on our way to Twin Anchors. Rawk!!!
IS THIS WHAT THEY ENVISIONED WITH NIKE LEAGUE , A LOT OF SUB 500 RECORDS, and some just horrible
In a series of recommendations for great #Poker rooms, today we opt for #Europes best | | Nottingham, UK | Seats 600 | Epic
Have you come up with a way of celebrating #MKEDAY? Thanks for all you do fro the community!
Brewers clinch
Prep day in Reading as we will skype with author of Shadowed Summer on Wednesday
Welcome! Good chat today
Do YOU! In the end you're all you've got.
I'm glad I'm single Lol. Cause now that I have a job I don't have to spoil anyone but myself ^.^
Congrats! MT : Today I register for ! First time attending, with a grant from beneath my conference wings.
Do you know what time it is? Bloody Mary time! Come join us on the patio for a little "pick-me-up."
That is so awesome! Congrats!!!!!!
Its not what you say , its how you say it.
good morning! Life is good
Yes, but they threatened to send a Judge around! I wish they'd send Anderson round for me. She can handcuff me anyday.
Love it! RT : I Got The BigBBQGunns On My Side! #OfficialWinner RT Ok, I'm in... Team Actress & BBQ are official!
My finals are next week & I'm nervous, but I get early release because of them:)
today bro
is one attractive guy !
The Exxon Valdez oil spil with 40,000 tons of spilled crude oil is te biggest environmental disaster.
I don't think so, but you're tweeting my friends so I decided to follow you? Haha
they should.
As the sun rises on a new week, the sun also sets on Arista, J & Jive. Details and other metaphors in this morning's RAMP.
thank you and happy thanksgiving to you!!
Morning! Need to get some coffee ASAP.
Blessed Day To All My Followers. Welcome To To Swag City
When all your friends have plans with there girlfriend,and your just sitting there like... -_-
Work time.. adios!
Here at the OLC Northwest Chapter conference. Presenting after lunch on "Fine-tuning Facebook."
Whose watchIng the walking dead? Let's tweet about what we see. Like it? Hate it? Lemme know!
That's pretty much everything off my list for tonight. Now, do I have a little think, or disengage my brain?
Shawn michaels entrance alone is the highlight of #wrestlemania for me
Sometimes I want a relationship , sometimes I be like I'm better off alone.
Motivated by running 7 mi better than expected yesterday, longest I've ran since May Maybe I'll go ahead & do 1/2 towards the end of March.
likewise, thanks. , would like to connect today or tomorrow
You will not be getting laid.
TURNT UP @ SILVER SPOON
Damn vending machines wont work
Don't forget that we have our Action Item contest going on!
thanks for the link.
Great to have this conversation with so many people here in SFO. Smart, accomplished panel.
Hi Marco, thanks for the follow! Did you receive my email with the responses to your questions? :)
i had not.
i have it here at the
Chillen 4 the #Genever class. Having a great time w/ Veronique & learning about this stuff!
I love you AAM plugin thanks! Can you add an addon that will hide users?
Some UR MBA students depart for Budapest in two weeks, part of their International Residency. Projects with H-P & Morgan Stanley this year.
"Throw your PAST in the Dust-bin, Keep the PRESENT on your working table and Display your FUTURE on a notice board
Someone Like You shouldn't be sitting around bored! Start making new friends and chatting with the mobile app from
joke's on you - i haven't upgraded to a 4 yet. mwahaha
I will miss Gourmet Magazine...it's one of my favorites !! Good luck with your new show Ruth, can't wait to see it.
they are like the best things ever!
oh really? That's so cool!! So is my niece and she has the really pretty tan skin. She's gonna be a sexy kid. Hahaha :)
Nice pick #Bears Alshon Jeffery. Already have star No. 1 (Marshall) & quick dudes (Knox, Hester). Red zone add for Jay Cutler.
it was a crazy-ass season for you-I haven't seen all the episodes, but #HolyShit that was montage was hilarious! +1,000,000,000!
Omg the fucking volume just blasted because I think my headphones are messed up and it scared the shit out of me!
Cool! RT : I spent the morning interviewing the first wheel chair hot air balloon pilot. I'll be doing a video that'll air Sat.
so true and the best part is, we have a choice what those actions are. Have a great weekend!
RIGHT NOW AT BROAD&OREGON
#10FactsAboutMe I'm scared of ducks <U+E40E>
Niggas twisted though
Probably none of you know what i'm talking about oh well
I love this weather, it makes me want to go to the lake RT if u think the same!
i kno you guys dated and all but, that kid is a dick, and ur NOT
Yeah he definitely redeemed himself. But do you think our MRs would have given up 3 runs in the 6th and 7th. Doubt it.
" team just sustained Ballmer Peak for 96 hours."
I try deleting "hotel" info on my Steam Express places page and it won't save. What should I do?
lmao. You forcing yourself to hear things. That is a sample from before we were even born lol. Media got u believing whatev
Japanese Proverb~ The go-between wears out a thousand sandals.
Post Edited: Get savvy with the stemware ladies!
I havent gone to sleep at all
I think I just cried
Thanks for following. I would love to talk to you about doing something together with Booksicals.
You've just named your memoir: "MySql, Myself"
- Yes. But now that he's been fired, it gives him a platform to reveal the "truth", which may be what MLB wants ?
In line for Space Mountain!!!! With my pink, sequins Minnie ears on!!! <3
Put me in your
Happy to see that is gonna be in the lineup tonight. We need him!
Heath(cliff) Bar Crunch
this wed?
RT : Live tweeting : Breaking the paradigm of mark-comm session
Thanks, i've always wanted him to notice me & he finally did. im sure he will see it (: never give up. inever did.
Happy Pi Day!
SY is great. Home stretch this month with concert/contest season starting!
"'Mike Wallace is here to see you' were among the most dreaded words a newsmaker could hear,” writes David Bauder for the AP.
I want pink dip-dye again but my mum said she wants me to have blue,idkkkkk.
Dunkin donuts does not have soda! I try DD, but you keep forcing me back to my first love Krispy Kreme
The world is waiting for your first tweet. All the cars have stopped on the freeways, waiting...
ALPFA NY Chapter will be supporting our local team the NY Giants today! Best of luck to the GMEN!
- Thanks! It is my daughter. She was born just a week before I started working at the SJ.
Crazy week. And now...in-laws. I am pretty sure this means I will get to sleep a lot more. And possibly have one night of light drinking.
Thank you, appreciate it!
Shuffle board > Nascar
yep... been phoneless for almost a week now... my phone is prob somewhere on the ocean floor!
More Online Gambling Sites Blacklisted in Belgium
I mean that would be nice
RT #Taurus the fact that u like to take the time to read&think things thru means u’ll never b taken by surprise
RT : Psyched for producer - she's singing the national anthem at game tonight!
Red Cat Art is in Santa Fe and it is SNOWING!
Also, if you noticed, Vabletron picked the Derby winner (sorta) and the Show horse. Boom.
please follow
my ears are still ringing from 5 oclock but god dammit i love my metal!
regardless, it's still weirdly entertaining
Apc was great today!!!!!
Newt Gingrich looks like my old dentist and I'm pretty sure he fondled me at some point.
no kids for me... Yet.... Lol but I plan on doing that too AND bringing them with me to practice while I coach lol
Frisbee golfers carry equipment bags, but it's still hard to take them seriously.
I'm vibing right now, I'ma post links so u can vibe with me #realmusic#
daily #dressage tip: spend a week just focusing on downward transitions - no more than ten steps of anything before a walk or halt: softness
crazy town taught me everything i need to know about haters!
"We Miss You" still makes me cry.
this season was boring. Past players wear targets . Send them to all stars. Have new casts with a strong
Will the drama ever end?
Facebook is alive during the day but Twitter is most certainly a night creature
bahaha. I wasn't sure either:)
Is your life a picture book of how you want to be remembered? Are your actions in line with who you want to be?.. Each snapshot counts
Hey #TeamFresh I am one of yall now :)
Chicago, Illinois.
"Commencement will be outdoors. The lawn is wet, so choose appropriate footwear." // Yeah, Rice commencement will be GREAT.
same here!
The attendant was much more of a humanitarian than the actual therapist herself--kept looking at her watch...
I'm waiting for my invite from so I can finally see what everyone else is posting about!
#of course i will #randomly hash #tag words #in this tweet.
": i wanna do something fun. !"
Someone have instagram? ;)
yeah! U & I should have gotten a picture! We'll get one next time! I loved watching the game w/ u today! (we were so into it.) :)
also the sansa/shay scenes. GAME OF THRONES IS JUST GETTING SO GOOD.
People are so fake sometimes it's makes me hope they puke in their mouth a little bit and then swallow it and feel the acid burn for an hour
hi it's erika from following you here so keep me posted on events in the MIA. thnks!
Sunday night has gotten so complicated with all my favorite shows on at the same time. Something needs to move to 8pm!
The first 75 people at our June 14th show will get a free hard copy of our "In the Meantime Part II" EP! Up for free download that night. RT
Really wanna text..
Deccan may have it today...
Meet Ohio author Karen Harper at the McConnell Arts Center, enjoy fine art & hors d’oeuvres, April 21st! Register today!...
I'd jump on board with that. How about the rest of you?
Why are two of our toilets already clogged. We just moved in a couple days ago!
Best food
Is there a patch for caffeine cessation?
People who text while driving on the highway<<<<
I don't feel well :(
WEB NEWS: WP Theme Generator: Create WordPress themes without coding
