Hope you are better soon.
I'm pissed. It means Kawai Leonard shouldn't have left early,could have played one more year at San Diego State.
They are so AWESOME!! I had so much fun!
Haha! Everyone says that to me. But it's really not my thing. When I'm older, maybe. (;
bringn Brandy to New Hope....bout to get ma buzz on :)
Thanks for sharing your post and thoughts on higher ed federations. I'm going to make it to EDUCAUSE one of these days. :)
Amen RT #toast 2 our success
Texas, you?<U+30C4>
Saw Jaimyse Haft in, "The Blue Room" last night at the Pan Andreas Theatre.... Great!
- Hella Craving Nuggets Right now.. $4.99 are you outta yo mind!? =)
Always stay happy everyday :-)
Jeremy Lin is single-handedly saving the NBA this year.
The Bellmen will throwing it down for
One Direction Did GREAT Lastnight. :)
John Hill and George Pruitt – How to Evaluate Systems
Anybody get in on the Groupon IPO?
Kristen's like a twitter ninja assassin. nothing escapes her
Last day of vacation, time for a nap. Expect to see more renewal/cancellation updates when I wake up.
I am spending my Friday evening tearing apart 3/4" U-matic videotapes that broke at the leader and repairing them. It's pretty satisfying.
#shehechat A2: Agree with others that knowing the material cold is key. Allows you to go off on tangents. Can't do that with scripts.
3 hours of sleep. 8 hour shift at Menards. Sweet.
a pager affixed to a wig. twang on the jukebox. a half-empty pack of virginia slim menthol 100's.
Jays vs. Long Beach State on Bracketbuster Saturday!
No way! replied to me and woohoo! :) lol
your tweets make my heart smile! You always brighten my day! Thank you for all that you are and do. <3
the goo is gone! ha!
Good Morning, Toni!
If any more people want to get involved Tweet at me! #ARW #servemarketing RT PLEASE!
Well I'm looking forward to seeing you!
: ARE U KIDDING!! YOU DA MAN..I LOVE it and posted a comment...where is it on the channel but do not see it!!
I missed "Red Lights." Is it screening?
saturday morning -- one day off from exercise! lots of cello today.
Wow. #Boardwalk Empire. Compelling, shocking....just a fantastic finale. Can't wait for S3.
That is an excellent book indeed!
aw i thought i was a dirty talker :/ lol
My favorite accent is the one where uneducated people don't speak.
medium cherry limeade (:
why can't we be friends, why can't we be friends? (:
I'm in San Diego but I wish! RT you loving nyc restaurant week too
RT: What's good ! Uniondale - come visit me today at my tent! Huge signing announced shortly!!
much better than the Blazing Saddles
Damn I been sleep all day
In the studio for the rest of my life (y)
How can I get Twitter to stop offer Arnold Schwarznegger's tweets?
Just came from the gym
Is this you, Miki? You make it remarkably hard to find you. Well, not remarkably, but sufficiently.
At ramshead live waiting fot Marsha Ambroisa to take the stage. Jenna Andrews opened and was awesome
Nothing beats being woken up at ungodly hour by a text to landline message from a wrong number ... Except jetlag. :p
DripSync is the first SaaS solution built for infusion centers by infusion center operators.
“: It's hard to find good friends.”
Hey there.
// I'd rather have the approval of God than of men.
Just saw a plane touch down out my office window near O'Hare International Airport. Hope to fly them again, soon!
Rizzo for Cashner and his dodgy shoulder? Dunno about that....
True Story: A libtard tweeter rudly insisted I refer to Obama as President Obama. I said fine, how does President Jackass work for you?
I know that's right :)
Today I'm rooting for the Wolves. Sorry Brent, but it'll be a sad day around the house if the Wolves get relegated
thanks n yeah it can :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that swears non-stop.
If my crack was out then I would feel the breeze
haha! Sounds fun! Perhaps you can give a talk at Twitter sometime.
Should I give him a COOKIE?!
blake says im on the naughty list now for swearing after i burnt myself..lol
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Oh! Its 5pm! Now my work day can begin!
only really new discovery I found this last year was Vaughn Duffy. Old intern. Friends with Zepaltas too.
So quiet in LA. Get up kids, its the playoffs.
I spy you with my little eye.
Getting contacts tomorrow ! (:
why do u keep tweeting that are u in love with Keith
im n phx bbygirl :) its so nice
I recently rediscovered a record book of every band I saw between ~2003 and 2010. Apparently I saw the J&MC at Coachella 2007. WHO KNEW??
hahahahahaha i was thinking that too
The Great Paranoid is available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, and many more. Only $7.95!!!
Nearly half of west Virginians opposed the creation of their own state!
FASHIONABLY LOUD!!! Prodigy did one but the favorite is Lit during Spring Break when the dude grinds on Carmen Electra.
May tomorrow be as blessed a day for you too.
well! i'm impressed!your English is so good!
| Excellent! Thanks!
I would like to buy an ammmburgah.
Knew I should have had a
Hm. Clearly this man is the closet-kenyan/marxist my neighbors have been telling me he is.
": Off to the gym to weigh in, wish me luck! :)" You got this!
add no voice and that was me earlier this week :( hope the tooth fairy made it before your little one woke up!
Tiff's baby shower today. :)
Packing for the weekend woo
Ugh...so many phone messages to return! This feels worse than owing people money
let's go. Rock the vogue tonight!
“: Almost... ;-) RT Almost as pretty as the #24 car ;-) #Corvette #BJA2012 - I love those cars
WE DID IT. WE FUCKING DID IT! THANK YOU, GOD! THANK YOU ATHLETIC! THANK YOU PEOPLE! THANK YOU LLORENTE! THANK YOU BIELSA!
don;t forget jesus RT
ok well if I bust early I'll send u info on my whereabouts from riu.
Yes I am looking forward to my visit to DC to teach this summer.
angels getting back in it now
Early morning baseball <3
i wish i could be on a beach. I was exhausted on Monday SMDH! Our events for summer start tomorrow and I'm all stressed.
me too!! I want him to win it all.
I think I attract mothers of all ages. No joke.
yes im finally done with my hw for friday...i came up with something great
Listening to Thella Bowens talk about the new British Air nonstop to London. Get you tix now & you get tea w/ Wills & Cate!
Sucks to be a Laker fan
still on?
spring is sweet summer is the best. winter is death. bring on the heat!
I've been telling people for tow months that no one wants to play Memphis in the playoffs!!!! They are whipping the clippers!
seriously. tweegrams should be banned. instagram is for photos
How does one get their cupcakes featured on the blog?
Called that 5 mins ago. E-Rod.
Off to LA to get the latest inside info on the real estate market. I'll share it all here!
lol it won't bother me . I have so many followers on my TL anyway lol
Just got home from Occupy Cal. Still enormous crowd when I left.
shutin the club down this Friday wit my bro Donovan he buying shots and I'm bout to tear da muthafuckin stage up
A coon hunt during work hours. Now this should be rich!!
We are sad the kitties had to leave, but they are with an exceptionally good family. That takes away a lot of the pain :)
you do:(
wow I took a girl to that Movie on my first date.
Congratulations to Hannah Logan who just won Young Artist of The Year Award for Best Performance in Theatre!
Wow. Kaitlyn Stroud, the Kansas keeper, denies A&M on a penalty kick! Score still 1-0 Kansas over A&M
And the truth shall set you free
Looks like the devil's here to stay
you always get goodnight tweet, but not me ):
Sent you an email over the weekend, and want to make sure it didn't go to spam. Let me know! Thanks! :-)
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average. - Jim Rohn
well then all I can say is... enjoy the little things.... life sucks
Korver is whappy from the line
So here we go. To all my Brothers and Sisters out there..Happy Turkey Day! Enjoy ur 4 days off!
ithink you should settle down...you deserve it :)
They wreak havoc on the repressive Lent character Malvolio by making him act incredibly stupidly for their amusement.
There's alot of wish washy fans on my TL, stick to your team
2 Parties in Darley Park, one in Barlcay and now to Harwood. All this after door knocking in Midway. Whew!! More door knocking ahead..
i follwed....and your band and everything lol :)
- there are no throwaways; we can't cherry pick ourselves to a great society
but it's been about 30 yrs since I woke her up for a cuddle :)
I was just watching the Celebrity Home show and I LOVED DANVILLE -- I totally need a NanLand with all the places from my Adams Grove books
Only 6% prefer to read digitally, but over half choose e-readers to search text. Are students reading or looking for answers?
IP attorney Terry L. Clark, formerly of Harness Dickey, has joined he D.C. office of Nashville-based Bass Berry & Sims.
But yeah... It started late. :c
Spending Mother's Day with wife & daughter because that's where Mom wants to be.
Crazy World or Crazy Day .Start the Day with Amazing Smile Zig Ziglar
First pitch --> last call. MT : Pat Burrell will throw out the first pitch prior to Tuesday's Phillies-Giants game at AT&T Park.
We're pumped to sing at Cherry Tree tonight! /yd
I'm drained and exhausted. I'm pooped.
I love you all
Dreams are necessary to life. - Anais Nin #quote - What are you dreaming about in 2012?
I'm not gonna waste my time watching your fucking kid all day, I never wanted a brother anyway. fuck this bitch.
YES let's #byow to
All New Tonight = Gossip Girl's 100th episode at 8 [The Wedding!] followed by Hart Of Dixie at 9 [Zoe's having awesome secret sex? Say wha?]
HAHAHHAHA..lol or how about "SUPER FREAK" Rick James? LOL
good morning back at ya, you talented young artist you!
Playing with Backbone Router. Finally...
Am I the only one that didn't go see the midnight showing of the Avengers? :(
Just south of Las Vegas Nevada is a dry lake bed. A few years ago, I was driving past it on my way to Arizona. I decided to pull off and ...
I feel sorry for the Kings! oh who am I kidding? LOL
I appreciate that Bill. Have a good one.
please follow back???? <3235264 :] :D
I really love the John Malkovich character and I feel that's a flaw on my part (or a good indication of my taste in men)
So cute.
Glad you liked it! RT : How does do it? InstantData is amazing!
Uh huh, you know what it is.
This nigga just said he's gonna tat food stamps on his arms. LMFAO fut no lol
go do that hw
Kobe hits the dagger to send the Nets back to the east coast! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :D
Ironically, I'm part of that 77% :(
#DPLA Audience and Participation workstream meeting is getting started at the Dallas Public Library. We're live streaming too! dp.la
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV
Ha! I hope the client pays by the job, and with nonfictional money.
Friday, say HEY! & I also want to say 'pre-shate' the follow &
Already putting on my sad face in anticipation of the #Cleveland #Browns draft picks tonight.
Looking forward to meeting the new Graduate Instructors at the Pre-Semester Workshop.
"Schl libraries are a place where our students can develop a love of learning & discover big ideas that help move the American story forward
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small...
Even though I now call California home, in my heart, I'll always be a New Yorker, so Happy New year, everyone!!
Laying With My Daddy Watching My Lakers, Missing My Brother
Ugh... insomnia
would love to tell you it ain't so, but it is so. Bye Sproles. Soon it will be Bye Chargers.
Hey need to run something by you. Pick up.
I like!!
Messi still has another game to go. So he might yetscore 53 in 37.
"I don't know." Smartest thing DW has said all night.
damn its 2 oclock already...time flies
aww i bet his smile is amazing
Plus Mila Kunis is pretty damn awesome. Phone even had some pics she must have taken on set still on the memory card!
I love portlandia.
Controlling a storm is a useful trick indeed.
I hope everyone enjoyed their Valentine's Day!
Curly fries >
"Here's the difference btwn Bill Maher and Rush Limbaugh: The people who watch Bill Maher know he's an asshole." -Jimmy Kimmel - HAHA!
My dad set me up with two fishing poles<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> now we can go fishing! thanks for the fishing idea!<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
Immortals, meh. Entertaining enough...
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Great canvassing today, thanks to all that came!
my myspace account www.myspace.com/slugo3
Watching weight loss shows makes me hungry.
:)) yupp. :p Im coming to LA in march for spring break! i cant wait, but spring break is so far away. :( lol
Time to leave Santa Cruz :( I had an absolutely amazing few days and I'm excited to come back as soon as possible!! Loved it so much here!!
Resist sir!! Fall not to the dark side
I know it's bizarre, but I love grocery shopping! Have u been to Sprouts Market in Culver City?? Best grocery shopping ever.
Will Middlebrooks, your mother should be so, so, so, so, so, so proud.
Guys, if you love amazing craft beer, head to because they have 3 Floyds Zombiedust on Tap right now. INCREDIBLE
Dear dinner - Please show up at my door with little-to-no effort on my part. Thanks, Liz
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora. Crank it!
I feel like a baby. All I can do is eat and sleep, and walking still gives me some trouble.
I changed my username again :|.
Stay tuned...exciting news to share tomorrow!
Ha, I crushed one of those earlier today as well. Contemplated mixing it w/ some whiskey
Bali may be the first country to have it's literature available online through Internet Archive - Brewster Kahle
Stoked for tonight. Seriously, my favorite show on television!!
You know it's a great date night when it ends with learning the "Fake ID" line dance from Footloose :] And yes, I finally saw it!!
The cat tunnel pictures are too adorable!
IF OUR BUSINESS IS ABLE TO HELP YOU, LET US KNOW; THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!
a mouse singular. Mice is plural. AND WE HAVE RATS. There's a conspiracy...
Today's first afternoon session at #GenieFair2012 is Army Service in the War of 1812 with John Deeben, #Genealogy Archives Specialist.
"I'm a little scared to hold you close, cuz I just might, might never let you go..." <U+2665>
Got me an interview at Guaranty Bank!. :)
Have empathy and compassion for others, but always compassion for yourself as well.
I need lots of #monsterenergydrank for this upcoming boring 4!day weekend :(
Worried about the heat? is here to help keep festivalgoers cool. Still haven't found the lemon sticks, though.
Ohio statewide tornado test happening at 9:50am, but apparently Defiance County's clocks are slow. Sirens not going off in the city yet.
You should get while he's home recovering!
+1 RT If any of my neighbors are awake, I'll buy a beer from you for $20.
Operation: mom bday flower surprise was a total success!
Thanks again to the man myth and legend for making my crafty new picture. You're already following him, right?
Dope vid n track!
You should be able to in the registration area.
Use wordpress to make websites... super easy super pro way less geeky than html coding :D
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." ~ Mario Andretti #running via
Welcome. And why?
I am so incredibly fly, I can assume the form of a Gulfstream G6 airplane
It's all about Jesus!! Merry Christmas!
Chunky white people painting pictures of "angels". That about sums up my evening.
depends on time of day. If a newscast was on...I'd go there first, otherwise I go online. :-)
I wrote response to your awesome review of the movie God Bless America
maybe I'd actually like superman then
I would love if was taught in school.
Some great thinking came out of today's #EdInnoMeetup; thanks for organizing.
HELL YEAHH!!!! Lets freaking paint this dull city red!!! #thisplaceabouttoblow!! :))<3
These folks are hella goofy
#gcyale : Influence doesn't always have to be blunt. Access journalism is a mutual co-opting of journalism and gov't.
I'm guessing your success rate is high, haha! Luv ya!
The fog is creepin me out. Having vampire thoughts again.. 8-O
u r welcome darlin'
im glad no one i know hasn't started that lol
Every 30seconds! RT “: our professor makes low-key racist jokes everyday class”
Laughter is not the best medicine, but it does let you forget the disease, at least for a moment, so pay it forward by sharing it
Ok everyone I just send a direct message to the winner of the contest
awesome cover tune for
i highly recommend the Night Cirus by this may be my new favorite book!
yes. We will be open 9a to 9p.
#Ifyouweresmart you'd call Charlene and ask about starting your undergraduate degree with #NECB on Monday! 1-616-603-6942
Just finished an interview for umakrishnaswami.blogspot.com where I talk about how books achieve life beyond the page, and more. Stay tuned.
hahah damn catching bitches steady talking about með<U+009F><U+0098>
Tall bitch just had to sit in front of me didn't she?! MAKE ROOM FOR SHORT PEOPLE
Get #Trueblood V at vblood.com
off to "Ingredients for Success: How to Launch and Operate a Restaurant in DC"
I'll show you how to hold your liquor. Lol
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
TODAY:00: Gabriella Lukacs, "Dreamwork: Cell Phone Novelists, Politics and Labor in Contemporary Japan" Brooks 2nd floor lecture room
“: So who wants to help fix Scotts broken heart...” uhmmmm me(:
I love it when everyone stops texting me at the same time.
im bored courtney!
>>> Are you pumped for your free white iPhone 3gs you'll prob break in 3 weeks? You're welcome for being your brother.
BORDER TALK In-studio guests Valentin Sandoval & TJ English talkin Irish Mexican Alliance, Mexican & Irish beer, poetry, music Sat 501 Texas
I can't right now dear:( I sent you a message!!! Check your inbox!
its ungodly the amount of places I have applied to in the past 2 days
Finished off the beer breakfast with buffalo chicken dip. I am a role model for those who wish to eat healthy!
How is #packernation today?
One. More. Day.
is the only way to go
thanks for your support from me and artist moody #RT via thx u both
Thank you following! :)
I'm good anytime really!
We believe that social media is more #spiritual than
omb I feel the same way! I better be seeing you at prac tomorrow or I might die...
#FinalWords man relly went beast mode
RT New mission: visit every bar that I've been kicked out of for life and see if they still remember me. So far, it's Bars 0, Mike 1!
Benny! Yes! So glad I'm not the only one with pre-teen musical tastes :)
Watching Ghoulies, anyone know where I can get one w/o the over-the-top rituals, i need them to ward off the douche-bags
DO AN AUSTREAM SO THAT WE CAN SEE UR NEW ROOM
Retweet Police have issue an order for all tents to be removed from civic center #occupysd help us now!
hope you stay in portland, been fan of your game since you came in the league.. The team does need to change something though..
is ready to go play! Yay!
yeah, whole place cracked up pretty good!
Gotta say, a Italian Special on parmesan asiago bread with red wine vinegar = pure deliciousness
yea! What system were you using before?
That commercial just made me through up in my mouth. Poor kids, brainwashed so young.
Someone wanna go take my algebra final for me?
Yeah, I already have my future planned out;) I hate being a sophomore. I'm going to MSU, then going to teach Eng & Db8:)
ah that sucks!! When are you coming to LA?
ha. Nah. But thanks babe. :) lol
oh man. Cheese. What kind?
I still remember wanting to be exactly like Lindsey Lohan when I watched Parent Trap for the 1st time... awks, bro.
outhouse's still exist???
Thanks for volunteering. This event wouldn't be possible without compassionate community members.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME! (:
did you get recruited by zynga?
RT : RT : The ESPYs are God's way of telling you to read a book.
Is cleared to play football again!!!
yeah, we're working up a tablet-compatible ux now. We are using the YouTube HTML5 api, though...
Rt: don't miss r online casting director workshop w/ David cady Monday night. All classes , cd & agent workshops only $27 a month.
tight...where is it?
Ready to hop in diz shower den be on da way to wrk to make diz money
Congrats 20. #NYR first of many.
Don't talk to me I'm not your friend. I'm just a fan of a fan
She still talkin ?? Damn shut up already
I wish! Kill it in SD + RT : "Are you the whale vagina girl?"
Thanks for the retweet.
I try lol
haha. I like it. Tell you what. If you're serious about an order I'll hook you up best I can.
London 2012 - Disney-May targets individual berth
Let's go Devils! #ABF Anyone but the Flyers...
I should curl my hair tomorrow!(:
Doesn't want to know where my friends stand on the whole politics spectrum. I judge them if they're not on my side.
yep its installed now. Didn't even realize they updated till your tweet
Also Wool, the Omnibus edition, by There's a library of sorts in there. And Swainston's *No Present Like Time*.
My hubby is a redhead with blonde eyebrows, arm hair and eyelashes lol
Merry Mad Men Day. Can't wait.
Jersey Shore tonight!!
Not at all.
Relationships are like glass, sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
it's impossible for me to drink Crystal Light without picturing a DFAC
Thanks for the shoutout!
did being sick make u speak latin?
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. -Brian Tracy
just watched some good music check Em out , energetic and fun
Follow me if you've ever had a #nugjar break on you - 2K Unbreakable nug jars will ease your mind!
You...are funny.
my 100th tweet :)
Okay buddy but follow back - thems the rules! ; )
tune in soon on www.otnet.tv for my show with the most powerful names in Entertainment
pain is weakness leaving the body :)
now I understand why girls strip and pay tuition
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
My #lrt Aww , I Feel Bad For Her . Lmfaoooooooo ,
that awkward moment, when im not in your bio. #uh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
stay yo ass out the sun
girls who have the best butts in yoga pants >>
Agree. Apple would not stoop to these measures.
Very cool, that sounds like her
Fun fact: Jello is gluten free.
Good bird - nice job!
I'm so excited for the Brewer game tomorrow!! :) yay
Try signing up again, you may have mistyped the password!
Car stuff not so much my thing, but I would love a certificate for car detailing.
Yes $25 includes admission,appetizers,2 drink coupons, hourly giveaways.if u want to come i can give u $5off
It is only the best thing ever!!
lmao it says playoff jersey
ill follow if she follows back :) its only fair. :)
I really don't want to see smug Lebron James win.. here goes the 2nd half! p.s. I love basketball! I don't even recognize myself anymore.
Always wondered how marketing folks got away with inventing "blue raspberry" but they threw in the towel with "orange"
#moverslongisland available today! get movers last minute with no extra fees!!! we have some new pro's in the company, excellent references!
Doing well. You're right, I guess I had been kinda quiet. Back now. Great to reconnect. Hope you are well. Beat 'em, Bucs!
Yeah, we like hot shit, not cold diarrhea.
I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied." - Pearl S. Buck
no I updated #mendeley and lost the citation extraction feature :(
one of the best tweets I've ever seen! lol :)w
Trabajo con mi
Writing on the balcony this morning! Whoo!
Thanks for the mention! #MarvelousMonday Follow and RT
Please check out our new website. www.fortheloveoflisa.webs.com
HOORAY for FIRST DAY :)
way to give an interview! Signed O.J.
. Yep. Sure did! Hope to see you again soon.
mis ojos are looking extra blue right now
Well i be damn tebow... You still suck
HEAD SCRATCHER! Some say there's a difference between nigga/nigger. Does that spelling "rule" apply to brother, bro, brotha, brutha, bruh?
RT : Okay, off to anniversary dinner. Our 12th! It's tomorrow. Same as Darwin's birthday ;)/ Con!
I can ignore you so hard you will begin to doubt your own existence
I am on a new phone so I am glad u and ur friends enjoyed the fun and then some.
Now that I know about histamine intolerance, it explains other things I've attributed elsewise. Including connection to estriol.
It sure is a beautiful Sunday afternoon to play catch with Jaden.
Ohh.. have you bought their album?:)
Wait whats the bull balls kid name? you've probably told me already or something. idk.
Good news: N. Korea rocket launch failed! Bad news: back to coverage of Hilary Rosen/Ann Romney
Looking forward to that stylish "heart" necklace Jason buys me & then signs me up for a 2-year car lease, signed by Santa the car salesman.
Kale... how goes it?
Unfortunately the advisors do not have access to pull former transcripts. Unofficial transcripts are fine if you have a copy
Sketchy wi-fi is KILLING me. Finally turned it off and am using cellular.
Thanks for the re-follow!
Thank you, lady :)
details are almost a month away!
I can't sleep. Rewatching all of 's keeks! He got me laughing do hard and it's 2am :D
Reading Crank #3: Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins. The only way out of this fetid mess is through (apologies to Robert Frost).
care to back up your local survey with specific information on how the poll was conducted?
#thingsisaidinthe90s its britney bitch.
it taste better then it looks ;-)
Break at work. Mission: buy lotto ticket (or 3).
Drinking and finally catching up on my shows. Now this is relaxing, maybe get a massage and ill call it heaven
Oh my god , listen to #noname . So good (:
Up today! Douglas Silver's "Intangible Objects." translitmag.com
Finally Friday!!!!
She said "What makes you happy" I said "You" I'm such a cheesy bastard but its true
Show is great!
You chose to download Doodle Jump?
ya cool froend
Get ready for high gas prices, ABC reporting CA at $4. Don't add to the expense by having to replace a windshield, #WindshieldRepair saves.
because I wanna be able to say I'm the youngest in da collab, Joe is older than twelve too?
Complex Variables, Differential Equations, and Linear Algebra is the 3rd course in the Calculus Revisited series at MIT OpenCourseWare
ahh yay! Thank you! Day has been made.:) it'd be even better if you'd steal it and bring it to me.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This week we are hosting the Youth Round put on by Fremont Abbey Arts Center. So excited for it. Make sure you stop by. Friday 8pm $8.
working at my regular table. The table next to me seems to be the revolving door for Boystown first dates.
Book-signing TONIGHT! Meet "Grosvenor Square" author Katherine Ann Meyer at Hill Country Bookstore, Georgetown, TX. 5:30 - 8:30 PM
It's going great! Thank you Sarah! How are you? I hope to meet you someday soon!
you have to start fresh in November though, don't ya? I wanna keep this sucker goin', haha.
agreed!! NBC can suck it.
Monday night
Wisconsin's Jenni Radosevich earns NY reputation for DIY fashion - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Maybe I can do my homework outside while drinking a beer? Now that would be multitasking at it's finest <U+E04A><U+E047><U+E301>
can't wait !
I grew up a fuckin screw up!
worst thing ever. More companies need to just record your number, enter it in the queue and call u when rep is free. Simple
The dudes in the car in front of us are dancing so enthusiastically that they made the dude in the car next to them dance!
The 1st #opera I conducted, #Halevy's La Juive, was produced and overseen by soprano legend
you have an awesome day too!
He clearly has spent time with Decker and McGahee.
I only fear What I don't know
8am games are rough, but both teams came out ready to play...BABC vs TX PRO
see a trend here? somebody please show me a #civilliberty that is still in tact...please.
a real nigga would have food and yams lined up.. im slackin smh.
there is still time! Though and I may have eaten all the free cookies
I'm giving away ten 6-month subscriptions to the premium content from The Art Of Self Exile. 1st ten to reply, "me" receive them.
i be jealous too..i take my baby from him
Any suggestions? : It's getting close to being stout and porter beer weather.
Indeed. Wrong Neil!
OMG I MIGHT GET MIDNIGHT TICLETS FOR NEW MOON EEEEKK!!! LOL I REALLY HOPE I DO!!!!
Sending out a #prayer for all you mothers.... you're wonderful...
zoe they kno wat it is
I'm not even close :-) but follow a few of the "top dogs"
Apparently the memo about wearing as little clothes as decently possible has hit the expo.
Conductors' barbeque today. Lots of good food, always. (Should clarify...conductors doing the BBQ, not being the BBQ.)
MAJOR PROPS To and for giving us "NYK Fans" some hope by winning today ... Let's keep it up
come on :(
Feeling drawn into a primal darkness, into a deep and endless red, feeling the need to dance alone in a stormy sky, feeling the need to fly.
4 more days left in Gold Card Week. Great time to come in and save on your monthly supplements!
So glad you raised the issue. Still hoping for more detail from Google!
#SeaDogs and #NHFisherCats playing for the first time in 2012 and Dice-K makes rehab start for the #PawSox. Updates at
Think im gonna change my number
It's pretty cool, , that you get all of those different woodpeckers at your feeders!
We are, too! See - it's every day!
Join us today to hear what Michael Bergdhal has to say about the 10 Rules to the Success of Walmart!
He wrote back, "Eric? Smooth." That was the whole email. I feel bad but dude, have a sense of humor. It was an honest mistake.
what's up miss awesome !
im in shock that the beacon show is next Saturday ............i remember when i was fighting to buy my tickets ......... lol
jeter is the captain of the "evil empire". Perfect music. Let's just hope he doesnt land on the dl with a severed hand.
English research papers with ridiculous completion grade points. #sofargotzeroooo #yeedig?
lol yup to bad I couldn't spend more time with my BF
yea kimmel usually does well in situations like that...funny but not too offensive or crazy
Yeah but it's putting money in my account ; ] haha And not really haha You?
Listen to Ratko Zjaca's latest "Now & Then" this guy can play.
no bullshit.. widen your brand!
Lookin for any artist to work with! Whos interested? Email
Oh my God! Family will test your patience!! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Burn bans- #Centennial, #Golden,
Live music in the Artsgarden starts at 12:15!
Salsa dancing in rockville? Oh ight!
they have a freakin app?! MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
I mean it-I'm gonna buy shoes, and I'm ready for the weekend!
thanks for all your great ideas and help with !!! Was a perfect way to spend the afternoon.
Don't lose your mind this winter.
You're welcome! I'm hear from the beginning till the end! :D
I know hahah
The Lakers Better Not Lose
I am a yarn first lady also.
I hate it when you tweet something that wasn't meant to be tweeted.
Watching The Voice...love this show
I'm so disgusted by that story. That's not supposed to happen.
It's one of my favorite hats...dirr :) On or off, I'll still hold you accountable ;)
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 4 Junior Ent Sapling now!
ha. C'mon man. The Denver Nuggets took them to a game 7
All day long hearing that I'm fat I'm ugly. just makes me, mad at my own self..
only if it's sexy data with a real hook... “: ‘Data is the new creative brief’
Wilmington, El Monte and Pasadena bound...
hi Jennette! We're holding a charity event in 2013 & would love for you to attend. We know you love charities! :)
Was the list set up specifically for that purpose? I assume not, but kind of like that idea.
On my way to the HOLA Awards ;-)
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:30 w/ talking Ultimate Fighter on FX and more
lmao I mean I'm not gonna not talk to someone if they use certain faces. I like >.< and ^.^ a lot.
.your sickness beat ur asian fangirlisms.
Getting frozen yogurt with babe.
Thanks for all the RT's!
This just in: is officially done with college exams. Proud of you lil sis!
we LOVE them! Try making your eggs "green" with chopped up parsley and herbs... it's our way to make green eggs!
just had a baseball game.... those guys were cocky F&%#$
Is Mark Loretta gonna be a regular guy? Love Lo.
With Andy Kushner Entertainment, Inc. tonight at the Marriott in Bmore for a corporate event!!!
I Have 6$ Reserved For You. (;
In the house of lovers, the walls are made of songs, the floor dances and the music never stops--Rumi (via )
Thanks =). I love testing my limits.
I do, just not formally. Is that tweetably incorrect?
SUNSPOT SYZYGY: Sunspot group 1023 has an eye-catching shape--it is a straight line. The group's four spots have formed a rare "...
ola's, Tuman's, zakopane...probably after 8...I'll let you know when we are out
- Just got off da phne my Guy bestie Adrian....
lol yea. Wen u get the chance read the books.
I think I broke Tumblr.
And they're very rich now ...
Gonna go on a limb and say that just about every pic of you looks kinda good.
We promised each other we wouldn't date him but you went behind my back and dated him anyways??
Beautiful day for a road trip ! Headed to Alabama with the family to pick up Gerald's new car ,he made me promise no more stunt driving :)
RT'ing protected tweet is pretty much useless to everyone except 370 followers who can actually see the RT'd status #justsayin'
Is it bad that it's 8 AM and I'm already looking forward to drinking my Tequila tonight ?
The rain out there calls for a perfect time to get some of your clothes & things clean! Come in today to be productive during this rainy day
project sounds like it will be a classic would love to be apart of it anyway hope to working with you soon.
Never tried… don't have anything we can send now, but might take you up on it in the future.
I hope to outdo myself every time. :-)
I just found out that my first 5K is actually an 8K! Oh my!!
RT : follow this extraordinary man that he is! < thanks ! You're the sweetest!
it's not the same idea but close enough, apparently Zuck's med school gf and Steve Jobs was this inspiration
Happy Hump Day to you, as well. Btw, I like your new profile pic. :-)
Not one, but two new blogs! WOWEEE. check them out here... www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
They're Beautiful , Would Of Been sexier WiT My Name spelled ON them Ha J/K
No! are playing the same night as the Scripps Spelling Bee finals! This is a tragedy!!
you need help.
we love you <3333
Slutgineers? are they real?
Good Morning to you too ;)
Top a di mawning Fb, such a beautiful morning here in the Bean. Sending mi luv to me Canadian family, can you feel it yet {^_*} Much luv!!!
i'm thinking sometime this week! I've only seen it once..and its one of the most quotable movies ever<333
Thank you everyone who made it out yesterday for Jete Society HH @ PingPong in Dupont! Fab turnout &good times! TWB appreciates ur support!
How long you tolerate unhealthy circumstances is the only measure of how long they will last!
haha ya the new transportation
RT :...theres a lot i love about NYC, but I am SO ready to get the fark outta here. // Goodbye trash tumbleweed of Astoria.
I'd rather be with you
Too many gods/gaining importance over/other absolutes
confirming my recital this coming Friday - April 16th at 8PM My hand is better now and I hope to see all friends on Friday night!
i love evey one of my followers yall make me the happiest person and able o do what i do :) i wont give up ill keep moving forward
FML-Bank of America can't verify funds to pay a check funded by a BANK OF AMERICA ACCOUNT!!!
Thank you Red!
“: #sharethelove with the your family and the kids out there who needs help! #HelpTheWorld”
thats why i hate going to the store. you see everyone you used to know! smh
Need to learn how to be strong
awesome! Who is the speaker?
#nobeuno When My Mixtape Get Me Famous n Haters Try get in my face NOBEUNO
When you get reassured that all the bad stuff isn't true! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
What the fuck going on twitter
Well .it's been a long day good night .twitter!!!!
Goodnight everyone
pretty weak
Holy shit! If you buy a suit right now at Joseph A. Bank, they will give you another 9 suits and raise your grandmother from the grave.
Thanks for the follow!!
boycott Target this holiday season due to that annoying chick in the black friday commercials
I can't wait until #summer. You know that feeling you get when you hear an ice-cream truck come down your street! :)
RT : If it takes special-interst big $$$$$ lobbyists from CALIFORNIA to #moleg to pass it, so-called #edreform prob wrong 4...
I know you do, figured we would have a little fun at your expense! Pioli's forehead #thingsbiggerthantheRoyalman'sTip
Fantastic feedback.
Who is going to see a big name from the #80s tonight with her number one girl? I am! And we'll have sushi too!
haaha stfu, trust me no one thinks that. Maybe creepy as fuck. Creepasses these days...
I stand corrected.
Nope. RT : I think it was you. RT Who said that? RT : Quote: "I am the inverse Anthony Kiedis"
The Awkward moment when doesn't tweet u back.. <U+E40D>. Lol
sorry about that tweet the other day someone took my phone in the infield
What is it you really want? im tired of asking
just woke up had along day
My name is Clinton Murchison. I'm a Youth worker. I work with troubled youth within our community trying to make a difference in their lives
thanx for the RT's! Have a good day!
u being forced to move out of your hilltop castle = that wuld truly suck
I think I have a brain freeze, wait can you have a brain freeze by thinking about ice cream or eating ice cream?
I luv Ernest Hemmingway. I do very little sober Ernest darling.
m m mm love bein in rehearsals with and among others!!!!
are you washing it all down with
Excellent. Hope she loves it!
Wow, it's Wednesday already. That rocks, right? =)
Totally forgot that my parents went out tonight #onceinabluemoon I'm home before them.....
No. Not yet. But I will. I'd like to review your blogposts on the D Plane first.
I have just seen the Germany top and it is bright green, looks good. I thought it would be the dark teal from '90.
Super excited to be in the mix with my man at Lucky Lounge in Oakland. Come through after the fight for drinks & good times.
goodnight i loved ur show tonight <3 .
I always say things I want to then I'm like why the fuck did I say that
My love, my heart is beating for this moment in time. <3
One of the biggest local sales is just around the corner! Shop tomorrow - Saturday at the KidStuff East Louisville sale....
We are l ooking forward to Gabby's interview tonight!
its okay
TRINGLED is a feature that is rife with conspiracies and conspiracy theories. You'll only be safe if you trust no one!
What is the definition of meme? A unit of cultural ideas that spreads and mutates
you're different. ;-)
“By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day
RT Wow, that's a shame, he was a nice guy. Rest in Peace! ...yhoo.it/qny16O Indeed, RIP bro!
I do too ugly! :) how are you??
School tommorow. Not ready to go.
ahahhahaa just got my sister's vote :D because of the opening performance.
we look forward to host your sites! Thanks for the nice words ,
Hey, thanks for the great suggestions!
Yep, it's already gone! Lol
RT Fat girls, just because they make your size, doesn't mean you can wear it.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm still too new to twitter to have encountered this issue...but I have to believe that there are others with experience here
In Flaggstaff AZ looking for somewhere to play !
He might be but I will be tired
I'm there from 2-10 so maybe ill seeya again!
There Aint No Women ALIVE That Can Take My Momma's Place !!!!!!!
Only 30 spouse of the entertainment industry shall be selected into the Cs branded Trading Card Series. Tell us how you might like to see i…
Jerel worthy my home town homie is on my radar
exactly. I wanna be forever young.
you all come up to upper lobby after tonites dinner for after party.
20 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
yes, very.
if Taylor swift shows up tell her I love her and im gonna marry her one day. k. Thanks.
Well other chefs used fat and confit and cocacola let's see if lean meat and tofu gets it
Cirque de Solei wants you to know that movie theatres are dangerous places. After seeing this year's nominees, I'm inclined to agree.
#Irene panic in DC even worse than blizzard panic.It's going to rain. A lot.There'll be some wind. Sunday the sun will shine.The end.
RT Congrats to Creighton for becoming the Missouri Valley Conference CHAMPIONS in both Basketball & SOCCER!!!
Perfecto!! Love bubbles!!
your tweets crack me up! I read Matt the one about shoe horns ...his response "I love shoe horns"...he was serious too!
All I really need are some ears to hear me dream.
They served their purpose. Maryland got everyone's attention.
Dick for that hahah
King of the web? Hm....
I assume you don't mean running into the Cheesecake Factory...
Girl I tell myself this all the time! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
In rare cases when the diagnosis is in doubt, your doctor may suggest blood tests or skin prick testing to confirm your pollen allergy.
No energy to finish getting ready...
I will never understand
O MY GOD DO YOU SEE THESE TWINS ON THIS J-LO DANCE SHOW THO?!?!?!!? DIABLO THESE LATINAS ARE BAD!!!!! DONT CRY BABY!! ILL MARRY BOTH OF U
Snow in mid-April??!!
#digiconf12 O'Leary: Kobo launched in Germany with 3 times as many books as Amazon.
Software for Video Conferencing technology is also used by the HR department to carry out interviews and by others to train new recruits.
Day 4...Prelims at the LVHilton tonight featuring the glam state costume parade with swimsuit and evening gown for all 54 contestants!
Atria Books Publisher Judith Curr says QR codes have between 100-300 scans.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
Happy holidays!
Packing to move < anything else
Had an amazing night <3 prom couldn't have been better :D
Had a dream about Darth Vader. Cool.
is in Portland tonight... Wishing I could be there :'\
Sean Paul came to Gaby's in Pembroke Pines?! Wow! I'm late.
I'm doing great! How've you been? You going to be in Chicago for the NRA show?
auburn put a javascript in that puts the bib record number in the prepend
Ashley Young, yes, but Rooney, no. Not a noted diver. He'll take it when it's available, but he's no Drogba. Not even close.
hi David!
Beach Bodies.
Single but why is that?
Yes, definitely! We'll be at the Greater L.A. Writers Society Booth (C11-14)/roaming around.
Sean Sellers has been an obsession of ours for a while now. We are writing a concept album about him, and the ensuing witch hunt.
It was a recap of what had happened previously.
There's only one thing to say after you realize you've just fucked Lois Lane: "Your ex boyfriend is who?!"
Spin class instructor quote" Everyone take their heart rate, Hey HOW OLD are you? Seriously?...Come on Man....
Books cannot always please, however good; Minds are not ever craving for their food. George Crabbe -
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
The best way to prepare for LIFE is to begin to LIVE
in barber's chair in
The junior girl i was with last saturday, knows my bro, and she told him i'm so adorable...well<3(;
will be deciding on wine to share for holiday get together...stay tuned.
yo bro can you follow me back it will help me out alot
Haha : I am undefeated in the arguments I have with people in my head.
The #MatrixTrilogy is legendary. I can watch them all on repreat.. Maybe not Mat Reloaded, but you get my point.
good morning!! :) thank you!!!
Good morning & TGIF! "Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein
Im rollin gasoline bout to blow a gasket
That's fucking awesome! And, yeah, you're kid would go apeshit for this movie.
"profersonal" I like that. I also like using lists on Twitter to follow groups.
aww thanks! wish I would have been there.
Beer thirty! Come grab a drink!
My Sis said hoes will do anything for da D
Wonder if Tebow is hanging with his bestie since he's been gone for several days. I think that's how the story goes?
One word: mintchocolatechipicecream
I wish friends were like money. You can out them to the light and see who is real or not.
Woke up with a hangover, hangover gone.
I'm so stoked for practice tomorrow, been awhile since I've played with the guys
And they say he cant hit
the steps beat u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Business in the front, party in the back. Yes I have a mullet..yes it has racing stripes and a lightning bolt on the side.
Halfway through list. Save yourself from Midnight in Paris. #theantibestpicture RT : push starts this weekend.
Design Tip: Spruce-up a room by painting a different color on one of the walls. Use artwork or fabric for the color inspiration.
No kidding. Another great one today. I'm so impressed. How are the bobbleheads?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?" ~Oliver James
lets make a movie when u come to #charlotte. what u think
Going back to school unprepared <<<<<
Pacers > Heat
Even the grass gets drunk
OBAMA IS the most INCONSEQUENTIAL President in HISTORY. NOTHING is his fault.COULDN'T fix ANYTHING.
I'm at a social media workshop. Good speakers. Starbucks coffee though, not a fan, tastes burnt.
is happening Nov. 9-13. I'm excited for the tasting events with
Congrats to ORU basketball on their 27 win season this year!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms of the world! -Team Ares
Next week we reveal the first two guests for the Bases and you guys will love them! Two very famous people. One has even been on NBC
thanks for the SO!
RT if you love Big Time Rush <3
IF ONLY I COULD RETWEET THAT UHG
hell yeah that Arab on at 64th on the strip be tweakin
New episode of #DanceMomsMiami :)
Testimony ends on #coasset bill in House Finance Committee.
Had an awesome time in Sioux City this weekend!!!
Paul Rudd DOES. NOT. AGE.
it's true, I do really love solving the quadratic while boarding down the mountain.
thanks for stopping by.. Great picture! Enjoy dinner!
Almost 2 months of school left? Lets do this poo!:D
If Austin come to Indonesia, he would love it and I guess Austin will never forget the day that he come to Indonesia
can you follow me please ?(:
Witness prep was outstanding today...the 4.5 hour drive home was not. ouch.
I don't listen to Andre kiddo
awesome. I don't have quite enough for a quilt but I've been tempted to make commemorative pillows out of some e.g. Tigerfish!
Seriously how the hell do you get a time out back! You call it to bad.
Preparation If youre only focusing on your lines, youre only doing half the scene.
Good work today Chef!
LOVE your work! Saw the BFF Pendants on Pinterest and getting them! Thanks for sharing your creativity!
you need to. I must go to every Caps game! I'm going to saturday's game though. I'm getting a free Backstrom bobble head! :D
anything you freeze is good later if you stove top cook it or put it in the oven.
#GoodMorning Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful Mothers today. You deserve it. Enjoy.
Im so shambly today
We are looking for the right Tech vc venture funding or private investment group to partner in web technology Chicago IL NYC NY Manhatten
Nice game #Wisconsin. Gave em everything they could handle
Hi Jean - thanks for the #FF mention! Bewitching #FF is very intriguing . . . Have a great weekend!
butt you lovee me =)
its crazy cuz i fux with all music so the soundz is still melodic and hermonic enough for a nigga spit yall cold joe
Working on Preserve America Grant for a client in SC and submitting a proposal for strategic planning services in Marietta, Ga.
okay. i think that should wear a pink bikini [; & should do the dance dare!!
sorry I'm behind but working on this. Before Saturday? :)
Everyone: this crap going nation wide!! Me: nation wide is on ur side ^.^ ~LOL
The Jawbone UP can't count steps when you're pushing a stroller.
dont you have a comedian, to cover comedy things?
Today's the big day for the Avett Brothers ticket giveaway! So many entries...
Me &nd my fourteen happy with just us;
agreed. so much of this #multichannel participation is tightly interdependent on various factors
Mischa Machez throws down from just over sea level at gastropub in Bristol PA tonight, support live music & grab a CD.
Hollywood thinks we're stupid. Like flash and bang will make us forget how stupid a movie is. Our pockets won't forget tho!
locally, Miller Bakery
Which strategy was worse: Pat Barry purposefully trying to weather the Lavar storm or Dr. Pepper telling women not to buy their product?
I'm participating in the #DayofSilence for the kids who have gotten bullied and committed suicide/killed b/c they were gay RIP Lawrence King
sometimes I wish you could see like I do
i freaking love jenna marbles
follow us on Facebook! Lots of fun ideas for language enrichment!
teaching moment :) but I understand, for ease I often describe myself as a librarian, but I'm really an archivist
If my co worker Matthew had a Twitter.... I would thank him for being a great friend. He is a little mean.. but he actually has a soul. :)
aw I'm sorry :( I'm here if you need someone to talk to though!
Narcolepsy seems like it would be fun, if it weren't for the whole falling on your face thing.
thanks, bro.
chillen lol just wanted to say what's up
Have a Safe and Happy 4th everyone! Thanks to all the reps who are out working promos for us today!
ha! No way.
HAPPY 18th BITHDAY hope you have a great day!
I am FEARLESS. I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
Who would win between Chuck Norris and 'the most interesting man in the world' (dos xx)???????
In SilverLake, at Intelligentsia, feeling good bc it is packed at 11:30 on a workday, work? And glad I grew out my hipster beard.
That was such a cheap shot by the DSA.
enjoyed our pizza lunch and convo. happy to have you visit.
if u wanna drive back w us you're more than welcome xx
you should be watching #pinkfloydweek on No foolin'
I need to remember all the ways I can make Josh malleable: when he is, he does stuff like laundry. When he's not, he does stuff like WoW.
The JFK killzone tours are pretty interesting and strange.
it would be amazing if opened for Jordan knight!!!!
I mean, I guess you're stereotypical-attractive, but that by no means makes me think you are.
to your question "What would you do with more free time?" More time would allow me to skype with my family.
would love to see his answer
No No ! Thats not what i meant
Honestly just wait and see.
Vinny got one! :)
I hope they were tasty!
i was just for mother's day and some of today. Back in Athens now
Lost in my thoughts so to avoid getting stuck there I'm saying Good Night
I miss you too! I was just talking about you today to Janett.
Off to Minnesota and Salt Lake City. Make sure to check out my new blog, TeenKillers.com. And GO STEELERS!!!!
Battleship is 131 minutes long. Battleship. 131 minutes. Battleship.
Nichols on differences of opinion w/Johns Hopkins press abt what an e-journal is. Eds expected to use images, JHP thought PDF only.
Greyhound driver chic.
EXCELLENCE IS A VIRTUE THAT COMES FROM WITHIN LEGENDARY'S WHAT I BECAME SOON AS I PICKED UP THE PEN
So sorry! USE the strongest pain meds you have for a few days to stay ahead of the pain, that's what its for!
Well I've got like-minded dudes in Detroit or Vancouver . Newport, Boca and Brum!
Tweet back 1 word that best describes Gandhi 4UR chance to win 2 FREE tix 2 screening of BLACK FRIDAY on Fri Apr 13th!
was a twitter virus. Reset your password of you tried to open the link.
Daylight is finally reaching Africa and I am loving it!
RT : "As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the "how" will reveal itself." Tony Robbins
That's OK Elaine.....we all ridicule him too! ;0)
goodlookin bro i appreciate it much love
today I signed with a hollywood agent and after signing, your song a moment like this came on, it took me 8 years, thank you
It's Wednesday. It's 1/2 Price Bottle of Wine Night. Need we say more?
attendance is required in this class of people.
You're blessed when you can show people how to cooperate instead of compete or fight.
I was being sarcastic.... haha we obviously have been apart for WAY too long if you didn't catch on to that
It's really takes being around optimistic people a lot in order to receive inspiration to succeed. Like minds = a superhuman mind together
Get your basil on with our dinner special tonight: Pesto Shrimp & Pasta sautéed in garlic, olive oil & cherry tomatoes, just $18.95!
I can't stand ignorant people.
when do you come back to pulaski?
you are forgetting Richards too
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports & entertainment? #WeekendOutlook Headed to Madison for the Wisconsin game
True story.
Never turn your back on love.
Being introduced to Starcraft=playing in the wee hours...
In other words, yet another "give 'em what they want" vs. "what they should want" dichotomy - not easy for profession to tackle
Heyy Beautiful :) How Is Everything Goin ??
Normally, I agree with your articles, but I'd say all of those are avoidable as long as your paying attention.
XRadio.biz & Vegas Racing hangs out (Racers' Playground) inside the Luxor, Wednesdays, doors open , see you tomorrow!!!!
they go to armpits.
there i signed it :)
“ To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. ” Elbert Hubbard (1856–1915) American publisher and writer
If you can't win Ohio, you can't win the White House.
(smooth) #CSS3 animations for ALL browsers!
The duration is 2 days, 0 hours, 6 minutes and 0 seconds Or 173,160 seconds 2886 minutes 48 hours (rounded down) FOR PROM !!!!!!!! :)
Hey friend !
Sore and tired after a long day moving. Love the new crib!
RT : The restroom in this restaurant is marked "BOTH". Does this mean I was supposed to bring a friend?
Come on rivers!!! Get it done!!!
OK if you had to pick one fiction book to win the #Pulitzer, since the judges could what would it be?
Follow and for the latest on AL attempts to ram #HB56 "tweak" bill thru legislature
Lololll is lois grandt a dog ? Or is that sassee...im confused lol
Happy Holidays!
hit my line cuz
Oh my goodness! We played endless hours of solitaire on those Treos! :)
Give thanks, I've started to follow you also. Peace.
1/3 of the women in china are millionaires
When was the last time you heard of N*SYNC or 98 Degrees? And they were big 10 years ago, and nobody even knows them anymore.
ceelo said it right when he said u shred like a really good guitar solo.keep doin ur thing lady ,ull go far !
I wish more people tweeted in the morning..
At least the #Celtics are kicking ass!
Hello and good morning...everyone
about to head over to the Bluebird for Split Lip Rayfield.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!86
Saw this comment on 1 of many stories about Black Christians response to gay marriage: "We don't care what Blacks think, just how they vote"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
What is the context of that question? I saw how Nutella had a backlash since it basically so bad for you.
yeah that's a very cool touch. Is the book "The startup of you"? I heard his co-author speak at an event- interesting guy...
Follow me on instagram :[ im new.. And I only have 2 followers.. #loner. follow Taralovesyoucx (;
Thank you! And hopefully very soon, only times I'm able to record are weekends during the day because of my neighbors hahaha
#Aulani was designed to keep Hawaiians in mind- Joe Rohde. I was there in Sept. And they really did keep it very Hawaiian
Thanks for the mention, but we make handbags and totes, not jewelry!
One day, everyone will 'pledge allegiance to my swag' - love that joint! TI hit it right on the nail with that one!
and no responce... THANKS
-- players like Lin come along regularly without the fanfare, but suffer same fate: better players to to shut him down.
But I guess that's just karma for intentionally throwing at Prince's head 2 years ago!!!
Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.
Screw AP clasees! ugh.
“: For Jones: Can you give a more concrete description/example of asking tough questions again during interviews? #sxmggp”
Thanks for the link. I am looking forward to checking it out on my computer. On phone it is tiny.
Avengers was amazing. Childhood heroes still do it for me!
#speak my mind
Every GPS system is the same. The narrator always sounds put out when you miss a turn. "Recalculating! (I told you to go right, moron!)"
I don't think Billy Gibson is showing up...Why are we always on he hunt for Billy Gibson?
No prob, anytime! LOL #SheMeansBusiness. I do when it comes 2 my Giants! I mean, I named my cat Timmay Lincecum!
Impressive, Creighton raised $20,000 in the Pink jersey auction and collected $9000 more last night in donations, nicely done Omaha
What is up.
Absolutely Shanna! Looking forward to chatting with a fellow San Diegan wine junkie :)
SLOVENIA, ALGERIA, ENGLAND & US IN POOL C OF
lol! yes, most colorful though too ;)
I've had an iPhone for 2yrs, an iPad for 10 mos and a MacBook since December. And I STILL can't get the hang of #iTunes! #soannoying!!!
I can't wait til you come over cause I'm feeling like you ready, ready!
lol do you really wanna kno
"I'm going to go find Ethan a dad to come pick him up".....um did my father really just say that shit to me???
Stuffing my sleeve full of tricks for tonight's "Dynamic Deception" at Dada's Restaurant and Lounge. Check my 2 shows starting at 10 PM.
Wondering if the windy weather in Denver will preclude PORTUS from looking at solar panels....but it is a photo op.
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
Just happy it's fucking Friday
jus got home....... i guess im bout 2 try nd dance
From chocolate bars to chocolate cakes, countless individuals good adore eating chocolate
Wow, I almost forgot that I haven't watched last nights The Walking Dead . . . off to the DVR!!!
Can you imagine cleaning your teeth with a mixture of honey, bones, eggshells & oyster shells? The Romans in 200 AD did.
This is going to be a powerful week getting the balanceof my $2,900.00 to attend the Wisdom Course. I will make it. Go Cynthia !!!!!!!
This is a good movie!
Awwwwhh(: Thanks ! So Much! (:
great seeing you last night. Sorry we did not have a ton of time to catch up. Gordon
oh snap, i didn't know you had lost that. but that's good that you found it :)
THX for retweet ! PLEASE bring Schlitz to #Boston! The only place i can find it is Kappy's! Schlitz & #PBR ROCK :)
They call me RI BREAD ;)
Life is a mystery..everyone must stand alone..I hear you call my name..
...tell Me
PSA: My birthday is in 5 days.
There are two kinds of worries - those you can do something about and those you can't. Don't spend any time on the latter. -Duke Ellington
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this any more!
Headed to a 3pm New Media Specialist interview downtown. Keep me in prayer.
Yes! I can't wait.
Celebrating cinco de mayo style.
Wow.....Zimmerman got $150k bail and a fuckn ankle bracelet! Wow....u can KILL some1 and just go free....this is complete bullshit
And #Go Packers!
I may have been unclear; I could, I would, and I did. Grover is exempted from my anti-flute biases.
marie here yaay!
Yes!! Way to go #Canucks Presidents men 2 years in a row. Nice works boys!
Morning all! Wondering if I should got to library this afternoon or just work on other projects.
gonna layout with the roomie, (:
ball sweat will kill ya on a day like today
Tell me more, Virgil
thanks good luck :)
BABY GOT BACK! = YOU! xo
; are you going to this party tonight?
Dramamine, best Modest Mouse song
Got it. Still, how can advisors be more successful & profitable? Get rid of paper account forms!
/// Who walked out??
I've been over you for a long time. You know I don't have the best confidence. So why do you constantly tear me down?
Links are up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games its free and fun enjoy!!!!
Nice win #caps! We needed that one
. busy tracking rain, storms; live w/ morning weather & live w/ Brookfield mosque meeting
Happy Birthday to the beautiful
“: Thanks! We will probably see you there. Got to get all my favs in before surgery on Monday.” keep us posted!
damn a nicca stuck off the hog leg (phat blunt) eyes real low FLY OR DIE DUH support the move ppl!!!!!!
Busted out My princess blanket for nation princess week. S/O to all my fellow princesses!
Happy Father's Day to all the Father's out there!!
What's it like being a Model, Morgan?
Heard all of that before, & looked into it. That article is very misinformed. Id love to talk to you about it more in depth.
The East is killing the West @ the
#STOPKONY2012 #19Days and we will shock the world
nothing like living in the country and seeing the stars. so peaceful
Omg #puppyseason has come early to Chicago. Don't these people know the dog will want walks in the winter too?
Everyone look up he is great!
Goog thing we have several years to figure it out. LOL
That'd be so awesome, I'd have sex with myself. #needthis! RT : #WhatAWomanNeeds a penis in her vagina.
Way to go
me too.lol.no homo
but where would you fit all that muscle??
I love how im trying to find something to do at school and I cant...
Roy Williams welcome to the Chicago Bears, today we start our defense of the NFC North Division Title
“ Cheap friends are the worst!”
Nothing worst than a ghetto female....TERRIBLE!!!
Headed to The Oriental Theatre for day 9 of #mff2011! Who's going to Close Encounters? The cinematographer will be there.
Thanks to everyone who participated and helped with #SMWLA! Hope to see you at the closing party!
We don't make the rules. : i thought confession was supposed to keep you OUT of hell.
Is it Friday yet?
Thx & Frank Nguyen for a great #astd2012 session. Looking forward to using the tool & initiating dialogue about this.
I passed all my proficiencies.
I remember the days when sent you out your next disc when the one sent to you was damaged. Guess customer service is dead.
“: ugh I cant stop smiling” u need too cuz that smile is ugly!!!! Lol
my mom makes me eat a two spoonfuls of flax seed errday nasty
Looking forward to getting my driver's side door fixed. Pain to get in & out on passenger's. On a positive note: more exercise.
I'm just gonna be bored and write a status every few seconds . ( :
right...those are good times.
Bond-buying Kenya-style: at the tap of a mobile phone
I know she didn't!!!
Happy Easter! I get to celebrate the best of both worlds! :-)
Up thinkin...gm loves
I guess I been complaining about my back enough. He told me to get a heat pad but I was being hardheaded so he went and bought 1 for me <U+263A>!
Did you get to yell "RELEASE THE ART HOUNDS"?
who's your dad? :o
FOOLS! RT : I love how people in our society still think tattoos are "a mental illness" (quote) ha! What a closed minded simpleton
Bet I got some weed. Bet I got your bitch.
If you bet against the Twins every day, you're going to have more money than when you started.
Not everybody else . #SoBetIt !
That's awesome! I had fun trying to guess which industry the questions were coming from. One must have been Neflix or Hulu.
My XMAS tree was too big for the car so I had to cut the top off. It wasn't so bad. I always wanted a convertible anyway. RT
YAY! RT : This Saturday!! RT : Does anyone know when the new issue of comes out?
The #Masters is an amazing tourny. The only thing worth changing is this green jacket ceremony. Do it on the 18th green with the fans.
Justin should've stayed for Sexy and I Know It.
Why is mater academy so fucking cold.
you are just not having any luck with your email
Kids are cute :)) Until they start talking back to you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Turn this ish up !
Besides press releases, how do I get more kids/teachers/classrooms involved with my coloring #contest? Any ideas? Feedback appreciated!
whats up with this pots video?
Set your goals on kroq?
awee i bet its finee. least your in the studio and im stuck at home studying for finals.! lol
Need an #arbitrator in #nevada contact
Please come to Portland! RT : Hey Seattle! You can find Rancho Gordo products at Picnic!
Northern Light were dancing in anchorage this morning. Great show.
I hate my fat ass!!!
so what led you to use steroids?
Not forgotten! But 140 characters is so short! & have some of the best blogs around!
Thanks for the coffee talk, ! Madcap is a great place.
baby I knew it to be true
TEEN TIP 4 Today: Just because you can do it, does not mean that you should do it.
... I'll be watching from the wings for sure, and at every rehearsal.” #Suites bySondheim
So proud of ! Congratulations, you truly deserved it. I've never screamed out load in happiness while watching
and we all knew that all along!!
So I just woke up from a 5 hours nap. no sleep tonight..
Thanks for the shout out !
If I had sex with gaga she probably rape your Dick off!!!
Hearing lil e sing, where is thumbkin?...run away...that is the most adorable thing ever :-)
It seems obvious, but you should always read the guidelines and follow all instructions and deadlines prior to applying
Why is this #SNL with Will Ferrel just pretty dumb
Gym, audition. Its going to be a great day.
Going to the DMV 2ma for a performance. Shout out to dc and maryland
Lots of awesome music coming out of today!
You can fucking kiss my ass, human centipede.
Tomorrow, driving to Las Vegas!!
me too! RT I love seeing the Cincinnati Skyline driving home from vacation. I always know I'm finally home
they probably will, but oh well!
True story: after endlessly writing myself/friends notes reading "please excuse (insert name) from PE today as her menstrual cycle is cau...
Pennybag Paul! HA! That's awesome.
Today's prices have doubled! Get half off all orders!
Chewin this new "root-beer-float" flavored gum for the first time...The verdict: incredible!
We have to curriculum readers and 3 facilitators
i know Im so happy
Ah, I thought you were visiting. Let's not wait until the end of the year for lunch!
S/ O WUZUP WIT A FOLLOWBACK..
What do you do when you know your bf and BFF are fucking, but don't have proof?
Sorry TeuxDeux, Wunderlist just stole my heart.
You can also follow me on your tube or at my website as well. Search misterlatinjazz. Shooting Edgardo Cambon's Candela at Yoshis at 8
that sucks where your new seats? I cant make it tomorrow. Wife and everyone else r going
hi back, and look forward to following you too! got my name from a picture of a friend's grandpa.. on my website check it out
Hi let me look into it for you. Some things are seasonal so it may reappear :)
Mental note: Don't ever fly SAS to Copenhagen again...
Yep. That'll do it.
youre so cute! Mind follow my new, more private account? I'll follow you back there too (: It's :)
thanks! For real though, it was a great show.
Help Progress: ww.change.org/petitions-bring-nhl-hockey-to-key-arena
RT : UFC fight tonight..Me on the video mix and handling the MIC (pause)fiesta shot specials all night!! Meet ...
That's awesome! I'm trying the same to shake off the Monday moodies.
Well, according to you, after three more games, we'll be doing the same. Getting ready for next year! :-)
#gameofthrones time. Go get
You are so funny. For some reason I don't see your Tweets that much on my personal account. Watch out for spiders!;)
I'm hearing buy on pull back in this market. Really? What is cheap when future earnings are at risk.
Wine n rum <U+274C>
Congrats on the news today. That is great. Really exciting for you guys.
Stfu, you don't even call me. RT : Story of my life. ": #TeamICalledMakaylaBigHeadAssAndSheAintAnswer smh."
Does Bobby Convey have a twitter account?
Working out listening to a hodgepodge of music: , 6,Crazy Town,& is wrong with me?!?!?!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
yep. that's why we just help people tell good stories...everyone luvs a good story. Ads? Not so much...
I want to thank everyone following me. It will be well worth it and i will help make your future a brighter one for you and your family :)
can i get a ff for a 25 yr vikes fan here in tn, screw the Titans lol. I stay true
#HelloBrooklyn My Cousin bought me a sick snapback in NYC
If I show up on ya TL . Follow me bck. Thanks :) -- SiptheShitThatKills<U+2620> ()
2010 MLB IS HERE. LET'S GO NY METS!
My dogs breath always smells like ass
Lovin this beautiful day.
I was made for loving you Baby You was made for loving me.. Kiss
Fairway Golf Cart Rentals in West Palm Beach, Florida Adds U-Haul Rentals
Great win for the Indiana Hoosier's tonight!!!
I just noticed the hell my left leg goes through
send in your #TSPARMY pictures now! c:
Come in today and try our Sriracha ketchup with your burger and fries! Guaranteed to spice some things up!
thanks for ff :)
March will be our biggest month in Sales! We are really starting to move product.
Search terms that brought people to my site: akim reinhard jews; chimpanzee pubescence; film crew takes over parking; institutional betrayal
I think must be almost there already Sandra!
excited about sunday for serious!!
the one book that never made it in the series: "Chicken Soup for the Ginger's Soul"
RT : Curl Lashes before Applying #Mascara to avoid Damaging Lashes #MaryKay #Makeup Tip Find More @ www.marykay.com/mistylynn
Dang I can tell you missed me
you are alive this morning
can you make a #paracord #koozie ? If so, sign us up!
We've hired a valet service for lunch & dinner parking! $5 til 9pm, $7 after 9pm. Pull up in front of on the 16th St side.
Beautiful day to be a Saltwater...glad you had a great time!
NO ONE MAN SHOULD HAVE ALL THIS POWER!
Just watched a My Little Pony episode that had an homage to the Star Wars throne room scene. My day is complete.
Went on tilt on fulltilt and lost buy-in never chase when on tilt bad money management should have left the table.
she already interviewed cristina??
3. Share a taxi from where undoubtably u will be featured in for going 2 in osu/hipster gear
Sexy can I?
tried to catch u in person tonite after TV bubble. DM if interested in wearing a 3Bet patch/gear tmrw. have $ for a deal.
Ladies and gentleman, please be aware of pickpockets. In NYC It's considered rude to tip less than 15% of your savings account.
I Dont Need No Phone 2 Do My Do
Thanks! A nice surprise this morning!
Thanks, Ya'all...XONZ
Well, that's true, but a couple of weeks ago things weren't that good.
oh xD i just ate 6 cookies...i think i have a problem o.e
WHAT YOU'RE KIDDING JMAC?!?
Happy Valentine's Day my #SmallFrySoldiers ! <3 oh an I almost forgot my cheer team placed 2nd at our competition Sunday! #GoTerriers! Xoxo
I guess someone at master control realized the mistake. Jay Leno is back on now...
man, why is wordpress so wack?
Why tha fuck u on twitter?
Hey all! I'm super excited to get back to the shooting range this Thurs to continue weapons training - pics to follow :)
DELIGHT IN THE SUCCESS OF OTHERS
I pretend not to hear the alarm clock until I absolutely have to get up.
if you need any incentive, it'd be that much easier for me to make fun of Kyle.
Good morning every one! Since Twitter doesn't give us enough to type, i'll end up doing my post in segments. Here it goes: I know us
Stoked for the “Basic Intelligent Semantic Heuristics Program.” New heights for adaptive social behavioral learning.
Mr. President I have never been so touched and grateful! You have made history today and I thank you sir. You moved me greatly.
I'm ready to throw on my tims and triple goose, lol. Ny it out!
Hoping my daddy will pay for our Be ICONic tickets & momma will buy plane tickets...then we'll pay for the hotel...ya know...easier..
well she just said she wanted to but she wants you to go
Great to see some familiar faces at
Thank you for walking us thru so much of 's goodies!!
“: In school you're taught a lesson, then givin a test. But in life, you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson.”
Get Papelbon up (kidding)
To all the single girls out there asking where the decent guys are : We're here.... In the friend zone..... Right where you left us...
So cold and its florida? Its like 3 degrees -.-
Where are you now? When I need you around
me too what are you doing?
Superb-- where the excellent people live. ;-)
May 7,1942 British troops occupied Madagascar where once again they had to fight French troops.
is wearing her T-shirt right now. SCORE ONE FOR MOM! I'm so damn proud....
Turn Away Reports:Let's librarians know # of ppl who tried to access product but could not when not enough "seats" were available
going to the TIMBERS GAME!!!!
any #Baltimore #interior #designers looking for some experience? Portfolio piece. Let us know.
Reason 6,719 being an adult is awesome: "Because I said so" finally makes sense.
I just want Wyatt on Skype
The next hot $pennystock Picks
I'm affended. Josh is mine. I'd fuck his face off. He would not have a face after I was done. Disturbed yet?
Mock interview w/ Drummer Jimbo Davis posting soon to the bands official website, www.nemesysband.com
It's a spit evaporation kind of day. 100 degrees will do that.
Just signed up to follow you under dihiwi (just met you at the Sisters of Providence). Thanks for the visit!
You look gorgeous today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Agreed! RT : of course; anything from & is worthy of sharing.
I barely speak on the phone. Smh don't know if that's good or bad.
Give a little time to me or burn this out, we'll play hide and seek to turn this around.
Hoye: "not a night goes by that I don't think about that night."
oh well fuck yea u can't expect ne thing less with us two together especially 2 slices of sprite
anyone want to buy me a house? :)
Make up shopping! (^<U+2207>^)
Try Havana NY. Best Cuban food in
Vegas, here we come.
Today is a big day for Overtones. If all goes well, you will know why soon enough. Wish us luck!
*cough*LOST*cough*
i-i wont stop(;
There's An Expiration Date On Your Struggles! . . . Don't Stay Past Your Expiration Date! PREACH
In Orlando @ a Americorps training and leadership conference listening to Disney exec speak. POWERFUL
Russ I have been working in this #Autism field a longtime and the #breakthroughs make it so exciting!
That's awesome! Major props to you & your company ... Cheers!
haha it was a great episode, yeah? Pretty interesting angle of Don we got to see
4 and half hours of driving makes you so tired.
Charlie Brown Christmas music filling the air..Christmas Cheer everywhere..
nothing will open up till summer. have her get in touch (calhouns at usfca dot edu) and I'll fill in with details.
that was quick. Thanks so much Heidi!
The rest of the world lives to eat, while I eat to live. ~ Socrates
doubletree? Cuz it's a leaf. Get it?
Got drunk before noon and started writing pop punk songs. Come arrest me, cliche police.
shots fired! Mom's not pulling any punches today, eh?
John Mayer He's a cool dude man
No, because that won't make me any better at it; it'll just make me poorer. :-(
truth hurts.. You are still my best friend ....=)
Guess that's what I deserve for filling with t minus one day!
hi y'all, checking in from Pittsburgh
How to be alone by Jonathan Franzen, author of Freedom and The Corrections.
Working on flushing out the #tech #policy web content for and watching a little football. Good sunday for my fantasy team!
I hold my grudges very begrudgingly.. Except not really, so I'll probably hate you forever.
Didn't you see the symphony couple weeks ago? How was it?! I've been away from the twitter world for a while.
#Avengers was awesome
gggrrrr takes one to know one... btw ha learned from you
NOW! 27 YEAR AGE MILLIONAIRE, down to earth with heart of GOLD! Listen to David Imonite's live call and how he built his coffee empire...
I know! When I get home I gotta watch new moon and eclipse
I think we ALL are!! RT : SOO excited for Dining Week June 2-9!
its bs girl...i aint doin nuthin else for my bff..
The best part of your Monday so far has been ...
lucky you didnt get slapped.
both, but give them to me though.
Killed a dragon, then died to a mountain lion on my way back to Whiterun...
What's with the random retweeting of religious platitudes by people claiming other interests? Not relevant, not helpful, not cool.
ha. it is easy to learn to read. i learned on the plane. it's very hard to learn what the hell it means.
Everyone needs to go see abduction
nice try!
go get em! remember: stand out by being yourself. read the paper before you go and ask informed questions...
Nothing like your average Insomnia
True story. “: A day spent with #HRPeeps is a day not wasted. #TCHRA”
RT Rivera blows a save, Mets win a shutout, for one day, baseball season is perfect
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THESE MEAN THINGS!?!...I THOUGHT WE WERE BROS!! D:
Alrighty, M-dawg... Tonight's the night. I'll come get you from Odyssey & we'll go get the shorties. :-)
Grilled Rib Eye with Potato and Cheddar Pierogies. I don't care if it is pouring outside..I am GRILLING!!! Well, the steak, anyway.
RT : Just b/c you're learning in public doesn't mean you lack clear outcomes at the outset.
'....You let me complicate you....You get me closer to God'
he lives super close.
Well a very very hevate ah heavy duh burtation tonight We had a very derrist derrison bite...
With a cloudy day like today, we are dreaming of Summer! What #Minneapolis #Summer event are you MOST excited for this year?
I kno John Cena is hot but god dammit Sandler quit humping my leg!
Would love to check this out, guys. Y'all do press passes?
glad its to your liking homie...pt II on the way
you have an amazing portfolio
RT : Council approves to appoint Javier Perea as mayor
We gon get this money up, no doubt.
can you write me a letter?
just this once but next time I tweet-slap you
I may be in kansas city, but my heart is at ford field.
[Those with] knowledge of the situation say they are “seeing signs of the breach mushroom.” OH GOD BREACH MUSHROOM RUN!
Man you on it. Thanks for keeping us in your tweets. Much love.
We are crazy for Powerpoint over here Not only am I working on a presentation we have major job opportunities!
In line for "The Hunger Games". Heard it's a great book and can't wait to read it. Hope they make a movie someday. Someday...
do you have those days where you look in the mirror and don't know who you are anymore?
Why do you still text me if I don't reply? I don't get it.
Thanks for RT Unisse. Hope all is well. Have a great weekend!
i just want a gloria in my life
SERIOUSLY LOVE THE WAY IZZY SOUNDS!!! In case you missed it, I cleaned up my acoustic-electric & restrung it. Been playing all afternoon. 8D
Done Alteady put 200 miles on the whip today
Do you not understand how to use this yet? You don't talk to yourself...people are actually having conversations with you.
thank you for the follow. I look forward to your tweets and updates.
Back in the FIDI tomorrow in our old hood at Sansome/Pine with 11:30-2pm.
Well I beat Act 1 (Log in) and got to Act 2 (Create character) but I died. Now I'm back to Act 1. I don't want to know what Act 3 is like.
I gotta do something with my hair :/ is weird....lol
whatever he said happened.
Sorry - appears my accounts been hacked.
In Chi-Town supporting on her way to get signed internationally. If you know her wish her luck.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~ Mandela
Hi-five! Love that album.
Congrats on getting RT by Justin again! He sure does love his cougars ;) haha
I cannot understand GOD's true perspective on any issue until I allow my own perspective to be challenged.
Lol, i remember that one time in science, you just went all ahoisegidjsdgj out of nowhere O_o
Good morning guys!!! Let's try to get to 300 likes today, tell all of your friends and family to checkout and like our page. :}
Dudes? who the F does that? Call em out here
Oh my. That idea is delicious for me & dangerous.... for others. ;)
Mine would be Little Jerry Seinfeld
Big meeting at office this afternoon. Which means I'll have to shave off my vacation beard. And not wear jeans and Hawaiian shirt.
To celebrate winning best in show for ny, we are bringing a keg of bromigo to tap in 30-45 minutes. $1 Pints.
haha the perfecct combination for a good time!
I really want to talk to you.... Dammit
That's awesome! A friend of mine recently introduced us via email and ironically I discovered you 2 already worked together!
waiting on the new 6.0 drop from is killing me! I can not wait until I get this update.
INSTRAGRAM - my new fav app, follow me at MsBaileyE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Need to see my bestfriend NOW
good meeting you last night at rosebud!
preparing to hear about Lost tomorrow and be very confused
I know I'm behind, but somebody plz SHUT DALE UP!!
merry christmas logan i hope you read this and answer or RT me pleasee !! :(
desktop client install to web embed #dashboard in 2 minutes: holy crap is awesome
Who else is watching the celebrity all star game?!
no time. sorry friend :[
That is one of the most romantic countertops I've ever seeon, Nothing says #love like granite.
it is so well-preserved... Very cool for sure!!
Me and ARE NOT MATCHING ..
That awkward moment when you find a hair in your food....
Slicin' up eyeballs I want you to knoww!
tj Yates new comer of the year award right or wrong
and is looking forward to doing some knitting with
Groves homes have landscaped grounds with porches and walkways.
Definitely -- I love mind mapping
Wow, Winnipeg Jets on the schedule next week for our #MNWild. Weird thing to see, I feel like I'm in a time warp :p
How's the family doing pimpn!!
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST on 3/3 tomorrow 7PM. Yankee fans and great specials. Free admission and open to public. 21 & over.
I'm a straight up daddy's girl. <3
Happy Birthday to a MAJOR messenger, PROLIFIC preacher and a FABULOUS friend!!!
They probably did, but I don't get MLB Network at my house. I hate that I don't.
Aw So Cute!!! <3 Please Follow Me :)
Additionally I like reading good tweets, and check out websites and blogs and as you can see link you your content from time to time.
Lake Front after Work.
they have many new sitcoms next year, they are running out of room
Only thing everyone is disappointed off....
the energy the Mavs Fans have shown during the playoffs is amazing, let's keep it going wherever you're watching the game
CHI-Town! I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm-12am! Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!
Woohoo! got my 31st sale today! I know it's not a lot but so glad I finally got my SEO right n c-ing some results :) #Etsy #handmade seller
Great TD pass by Central to take the lead over Belfry! With 2 minutes left in the game! Great 3A state title game!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch. I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch.
Same to you ! Next year is going to be incredible! Merry Christmas!!
Yeah, I figured that was the source of confusion when you mentioned Game 7.
As the #Broncos players did on Tuesday, #Eagles players returning to honor in Philadelphia today.
I cannot resist!!
lol I was seriously about tell you not to be the next "taken" last night when you were telling me about the hottie haha
I just want you to see the final when you get a chance
How are the Lib-Disqual results coming?
Loving the new Ladyhawke video; Eyes of Laura Mars realness.
Flop flop flop madness
Support local music!
We love you...always joy when we swap digital hugs for real ones.
and you know we're not a democracy, right? Only democratic at city council level... we're a corporate-republic
is the cutest!
After a year of going 2 Cozy Corner restaurant in Logan Square. I realize I dont think i've ever had a good meal there. But the ppl are nice
Just give Pettitte the CY Young
lol it unfollowed some of the people i tweet regular and i saw there profiles and said i had the "follow" thing was on
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public. Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
I think the creepiest participant in toddlers and tiaras is the judge- where are they finding these people? And do they not watch TLC?
We are looking for a drummer. If you live around the seacoast area and want to set up an audition send us a message!
Hey guys check out our Drummer Rafe Tangorra's foundation Rock Out Autism! Its a cause near and dear to our hearts
People who practice aimless celebratory gunfire should take an introductory physics course.
Indeed. What a fun time! RT : , and know how to throw *quite* the Mad Men party!
Wouldn't it be so cool if life had notifications like, ONE NEW NOTIFICATION- Your boyfriend is about to cheat on you.
That's an awesome kid you've got there. Can't wait for the book!
Thanks, man! It's been fun. The countdown to New Orleans begins...
excuse me -_-
For pulltab fans, our current 'In it 'til you win it' game has about $1k left in prizes & very few tix. An great investment right now.
I may be staying in Miami until Christmas now...I'll keep you posted.
Smile :D
#RETWEET if you need A SHOUTOUT TO GAIN AND FOLLOWBACK ( Follow and WE WILL SHOUT YOU OUT. ) Reply 'DONE'
your hella pro at skating huh
is recruiting for information management jobs in #DC, #VA, #MD, #NY, #NJ, #PA, #Chicago, #Boston and more! Contact me for more information.
omg finger waves were my most favorite part of beauty school!!!!
Pretty sure Siri is going to tell me to bugger off any day now...
In my spare time I like to make Mahomies mad at me. It's always fun to see them backstab me.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him. ~ Galileo Galilei
I HAVE NO IDEA?!?!? RT : Why are we still not pressing?
Falling behind on the blog but the training for is going well. A recovery day tom'w followed by a 45 mile wk'd. Woot!
get off twitter and enjoy your day off! Just kidding you are awesome with your fans!
Chapter 2012 Page 103 of 366 I was born on Friday the 13th! The world is Lucky to have me
thanks for the blast. Now if I can only figure out how to tweet .
where is my invite??
NYE just won't be the same anymore. RIP Dick Clark
We proudly announce the release of Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl with Inattentive ADD dealing with social bullying ... and life
None come to mind. Maybe knows.
What is the proper dimension for the Facebook timeline cover 850 x 315
we face Houston THREE times coming up. Can't do it like this.
i (heart) ira glass
Good point. "Since social media is a people media, why not write about people" -
as in this wednesday? and thats fantastic news!
Ke$ha just gets on a mic and yells the stupidest shit. I could never do that, even for one million dollars like she does.
Quite a few. A puppeteer. A violinist. A fish farmer.
Working in a super duper MCA tribute for tonight. Expect to here lots of Beasties!
Here comes the complaining...RT : This Spurs series is beyond boring....
I'm part German and I can't even speak German :( so sad bur I wish I knew how to
I hope you come to RI soon to visit Pam and me at The Beauty Within! Would love to meet you!
Thanks! Umm... my Twitter followers don't know about the statue... yet.
he used to say his teachers must not be readers bc they didn't understand y he couldn't put book down. (during lessons) Lol
Can't wait to dye my hair next week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Come ON Eagles!!
Where you been, girl? This has been going on for months! (actually, I think it just wasn't getting full media attention)
goldendoodle x 2. Which is another management challenge.
I am following now. Nice to meet you on Twitter.
John D. is piercing all day until 9pm! Come on down for all your piercing needs! Also Aaron Campbell has time for tattoo consultations!
casually ask her "hey, what's your name by the way?"
Kowba: There may be some layoffs, may be school closures
this is our main acct. Nursing isn't on twitter but we can direct you to someone who can help you if you give us your question :)
That sucks too! Random number, out of context message.
Feeling all happy and gleeful at the sunny weather we've been having? Here's a tip: avoid looking at the forecast. A
Let's make it a thing.
Nice!! Watch out, looks like will be hitting the gym!
we need to hit up chillies and hollys real soon girl.
Very kind of you -- THANK YOU!
Thank You and I followed you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
So great to hang with friends in Pitt 2nite. Always 2short a stay. Miss u...
I like Antonio Brown with Nicks as a relatlively close 2nd
ALOHA ... I'm sure you are looking forward to the weekend. ^dy
I have mostly boys in Creative Writing. When I told them we'd be starting a love poem today, they cheered. Wasn't expecting that, but cool.
Well, can't speak for you, but I'M going to bed (after I cleanse, moisturize and shellac my skin w/anti-aging products). Nite!
Bored on this Thursday night!
Jersey Shore is making me look like a retard
Nope, I just liked the chili so much yesterday that I will for sure be using/modifying this recipe again during winter
Thanks for sharing!
i knew my NY friends would raise their eyebrows! i don't think you know what it's like to grow up w/o autonomy of travel.
Aint no way around it.
Stephanie Cutter is just as brilliant as she is beautiful,a real no BS kind of a lady.
Is there a code for the discount? I want to buy my very deserving sister a class package for Christmas!
The smell of grilling out is going to force me to get one ASAP
Butters-Fettig. No complaints.
Hey, it's not too late for a Fuji lunch!
One Liter of the Beer of the Week is only $5 at Hi Hat Garage today! 1709 N Arlington Place
When are you guys gonna release the cover EP? I can't wait to hear it :)
I'm sick of people spamming on twitter so damn annoying,"0mg follow me and youll get 100 followers!!!!" -_- SMH
Using 1-800-390-3065w/promo 29055 you could get a better discount because it is a referral program.
“: Al Gore <3 Sean Parker
Remember City's two late goals v. Sunderland...
Hope to see you up here soon..RT : so excited about your new project Pabu in the looking...
RT : I wonder what would happen if we truly believed we were worthy of love?
“: damn i missed show monday night wtf totally forgot. how it go?” #fail it was dope!!!
Eatin and drinkin for a good cause.. with and
did NMSU have a tarp down during the rain?
well okay...I texted you that....
I want to have coffee again soon!
I take it that's what we'll have in the bleachers?
Sweet! Doesn't matter what I think; ask your members :)
Saw your DM & responded. ;)
I really think Carmello would b a great pick up for us( Lakers)
I'm a spa addict and the best one I have found so far has been in Minnesota. Whodathunk it? Going again later this week.
did da world end?
If "Battleship" does well, next year's blockbuster: "See Katy Perry as she fights for her life to... Connect Four."
I think I'm still annoyed that Elise went home on American Idol
It's kind of sweet that Plenty of Fish apparently created a dating site specifically 4 meth addicts, truck-stop prostitutes, & rapey dudes.
like a year.
"Because of our routines we forget that life is an ongoing adventure."--Maya Angelou. Have a MARVELOUS Monday - be adventurous today! :):)
almost 100K users now, cool
finally 4 more days. I love you
we r holding a benefit on April 28 for , would you b able to donate anything to raffle off? thanks!
Oh yeah I forgot..people change.
I see you've been watching HBO: Real Sex.
Getting ready and looking forward to catching up with Harrison Magun over lunch.
yes!!! :) I'm sure I'll take her through nyc at some point, so maybe you'll meet her!
I love big girls with big tits and big asses
I love that ' guitar called 'Hitmaker' played on 's song 'Shady'. No wonder that song hit me as a hit. It's a HIT!
. All the good ones are gay or married -- or bipolar nudist evangelicals with a drinking problem.
#THIS => RT : Tweet me your questions about life and I'll write back! <== great tweets. Check out
can not even explain how much I needed to hear that right now!
Tonight's Dinner Special is Blackened Salmon with Hollandaise Sauce, Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli. Twelve dollars. Enjoy.
I once hit myself in the head for recreational purposes. The thing is, it gave me a good buzz. Yeah, it was stupid. OR WAS IT? (Yeah it was)
Talent is important... Follow thru is irreplaceable.
Softball Was AWESOME! Hit a HomeRun<U+2665> & We won!
Starting a new story on fable while waiting for this downloading to finish
"that guy was gayer than a 3 dollar bill" - Ms.Z
welcome aboard! It's the same as Facebook, yeah, only geekier, and you get 20 fewer characters to express yourself...
Happy birthday Oregon! RT : Happy 153rd, Oregon.
Don't get me wrong, I like skyward sword... I just wish I could use a regular controller sometimes
thank God I wasn't picking my nose!
Thanks man, I appreciate it. Just trying to have some fun with it, we'll see where it goes. But I appreciate the comment.
WWOR! Is that still around? And what show?
You say it's your birthday? #ItsMyBirthday too! :)
don't you worry.. I always bring it
Mission Art Walk time!? Woo hoo! Need to decorate the new place!
Yeah, suspending a starting pitcher five games ain't nuthin'. A start, that's it. Not really hurting a staff featuring Doc
. thanks so much for checking on that and for getting back to me!
I think 1500 is a more realistic goal... And entirely possible. They play awful NFCW secondaries this yr.
dont be a nickel out here lookin for a dime
fuck yeah she was. Haha oh well.
Wesley Johnson
anything involving #prosecco & #duck makes me smile. I'm in!
Okay so I'm done now :3
that tough man. Taking a stand is usually the good thing!
I got Waterboarded the other night 2 get the "Baby crying and coughing up embrionic fluid" sound effect we needed for this Life Stains skit.
"Not loving 90s R&B music is #3 on the Oh No-Nos list." ~ Tom Haverford
between class and Free Comic Book Day, I forgot today was Cinco De Mayo...neighbors are celebrating with booze and country music. smh
let your life speak, until your words can match.
No, but I'd say most of my anxiety-filled nightmares take place in a school setting. Sometimes I'm unprepared AND naked.
talk about a hot flash. ouch
the only issue I have is that you can't surf and talk at same time with Verizon on the 3G network. Had iPhone since day one.
sure am. We plan to eat breakfast there.
what's your email?
If you're an #actor and love laughing, listen to on his podcast #mohrstories. You'll laugh while you learn.
its 11:11 make a wish baby <3 i dont needa make one, cause i already have you :*
are we still working?
Yeah, that's pretty much how it went, but with some Ayn Randian: "THE Q IN LGBTQ ARE WEAK CRYBABIES THAT DESERVE MY DERISION."
ahaha u fish stick, ya that stuff is the worst
Now following
No you didn't cut your hair!! I'm slapping fire out of you
Merry Christmas everyone!! ;)
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
The sales cycle: awareness, acquisition, conversion, retention. Where are you in the life of your business?
FB app. is a mb hog.
Huge points to who gave me coffee on IOU today bc I was out of cash
Having a horrible week I need my Shaun! <3
What do you think of the new 'timeline' layout for our Citywide Fitness page?
Im pretty sure the sock bun just changed my life!
are we getting our #karaoke on?
Follow back?
When you don't define a clear chain of command-employees don't know where to go for answers. Miscommunication abounds!
Back in Atlanta, still in work mode ... I'll worry about playing later. Gotta make Pops proud & do all I can for my family!! Hit me up!
haha, I've heard that at least a few times in the past few minutes...
My mom told me there was gonna e clown protestors Friday....not funny thought I was gonna cry
Thanks for attending! RT : Looking forward to the next #LuxBride chat with ! cc
Well this was a scary Christmas...
One of my FB friends just "checked in" at the "corner of Vodka and Tonic" - LOVE my friends!
Stop by :)
Because it sounds retarded. I'll reach out to my girlfriend. Someone arbitrarily said "it sounds better" and it stuck.
That would be pretty sweet lol RT : Can we make sure Chuck Pagano takes Billy Cundiff with him....
Musée d’Orsay (one of my very favorite museums in the world) still closed due to strike via
The skin of my brow, stretched so tight, too tight across the softly cracking bone, unequal to the task of holding me here.
& thanks for the concern my little feet were freezing lol!
”Every artist dips his brush in his own soul and paints his own nature into his pictures.” - Henry Ward Beecher. www.itsartnotstuff.com
yoo made a twitter bruh ! :D
brandon. how old are you?
now that is some
oh my, I'm with you! Loved KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES
Download culver's new iPhone app today!
You've got one sprint car and a PR person at your service!!
Any good long weekend plans?
Chillin at my girls house its her b-day
Thank you for the follow. Keep doing good!
WHAT YOU DIED! NOO. I'll bring French fries. LOL!! (=
Sitting on your bed, thinking of someone and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
You're instantly wiser and smarter than most of your colleagues!!
When a girl is like a leach to her boyfriend. . smh..
don't cry buddy we are gonna meet again one day
FYI: Tactical Nuclear Penguin got a mention in Crain's Chicago Business today. CC:
flip it slap it down, its gonna get nasty... love me for my body im original sexy ;)
these streets will make you feel brand new, lights will inspire you.
We are looking to work with some Smart Guys on Long Island with www.longislandnybusiness.com
When someone smells nice, it automatically makes them more attractive.
What time is hipster bowling?
We had Aviations tonight. D's wonderful sister will be with us for a week. I think that means Eastern Standard soon.
Check your swag always
Watch me work!
im pretty sure. As far as I know at least.
Ari does fundraisers for Children hospitals, she helps with Africa and much more. She has a very sweet personality. Ariana Is Angelic.
Visiting with Imprint artists, Susan Brabeau and Ron Flory today!
Food Truck Tracker
I'm a problem child... :-[ in a devilish kinda way
Courts taking dim view of #WalkerFailure-GOP agenda to take rights away from voters & workers these days ...
Totally agree. Hot, but not. I give it a 4/10.
Will do!
#krewlove I promise to have you in my harms again !!
#ItsHardTo listen to things that you don't want to but you have to.
I literally get on Facebook and rush to turn chat off, which doesn't seem to stop peeps from messaging..
It's 5 in the morning and I'm still not asleep.
Bust (Tannehill), Boom (Kuechly), Bust (Gilmore). Mike Harris is better than Gilmore.
dm your number I don't got it in this phone
make me!
RT : "Think about a football coach, do they send players home to practice?" on flipped classroom via
Finalizing plans for the Freedom House Church ground breaking! Getting ready to rock the tent with and !!
you announced on here the other day you saw me, creeper
I'm seriously goddamn tired. And sick. And sick and tired of being sick and tired. And a little chilly.
nice. keepin it classy(:
thanks for the tweet! How do you like the app?
#10ThingsIFindAttracive 1: funny 2: gets along with little kids 3: nice to everyone 4: knows what they want on life 5: nice smile
I feel all of my paintings address my passion for the elevation of the human condition through abstracted expressions of nature and spirit.
DM me your information. For getting the score exactly right you win a ball of your choice!
she was out
You're just one small spec in the universe, we have bigger problems than who ate the last pop tart.
Stop being amazed at my telling you that you must be born again from above! - Yeshua
I like Alonso but this is a lot larger than him. School construction is abt reversing years of neglect of city kids.
Yes, please! Charles Phan of the Slanted Door in SF will release his first cookbook, Vietnamese Home Cooking this Sept via
yup, only 4 seasons, but like 80 some episodes. Everyone has loved it.
Ooh! Which ones?
“ #Oomf , Stay's On My Mind; 90% Of The Time, & That Other 10% Is Wondering If Im On There's Too. . .”
oh wait..
Trendsetting as always!!! - RT #Buckeyes releases says official OSU page on Facebook has 500k followers.Setting the bar high!
You may need a new idol, Tony...
Haha, opening shift. :P.
Are you a selfish person? .... Are you sure?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow me, its the one the this I want
“: yes Donald!!! Loved every minute of it.” Thank you baby!!!!
S/O to the best trainer in America!! Had a busy game today!!
Gary Price idea: Every library should have an "App of the week" program
Car wash flow!!
Ooh! Will get the full scoop + report back
DAT TDKR TRAILER Looks great still not expecting it to be better than TDK though & anyone who does is an idiot setting up for disappointment
Our custom, professional websites start at $80/month. Contact Web Reputation Builders today to get your idea up and running on the Internet
Ah yes, you are mistaking us for the museums TNT event. We just film bands on the trolley all over town. Thanks for digging us!
What does Ryan Leaf suck at more? Being a quarterback or burglary....
This never happened before is online when I'm awake, things like that make me hate being an American.
New model & pageant training workshops start soon! email
Just woke up thinking I'm going to a friends today
I want some icecream.
RT : I love the world. It's awesome.
Asked Adam what he was making for dinner. He answerd in a Julia Child voice, "It's a surprise!" I love him :)
I was actually just Googling sites with good Cyber Monday deals! I need pots and pans.
'nick$ win lol
so amazing and consistent the entire season. Whenever something comes out, I'll be in line to buy.
but necessary if sponsors want to give their money to IMS & Indycar
be careful. Images reminding me of early stages of WTO 1999.
Corey hart with a bomb right there
Mixed some of the EP today...should be done soon :)
I will be so thankful when this semester is over and I can actually attend church on Wednesday nights again! Geesh Louise!
That would be awesome! RT owes more than 2 cases of Seems like can help today
just a lucky guess!
If you were going to propose an item to go into the time capsule, what would it be? And why?
At night I run up the stairs in my house really fast because I think there is someone behind me.
please follow me!!!!!!!
Mark Trumbo's Homerun just landed and hit me in the foot at my house #Ouch #Bomb <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
Thank U
Starting skeeball tonight
dude I have a raging boner after reading your tweet.
I have to get a blue tooth it is necessary.
I went and read the comments of the video & i couldn't help but laugh at how at first it was "she chews gum like a cow" then "STOP BULLYING"
Laying out by the pool with ! Hurry up and get here so I can get my tan on and hear stories.<U+263A>
Im Raw No LATEX .. yall ball but ant eva did it Raw ... SAFE SEX
I have two guns...one for the both of you -Doc Holiday
Check out this crew.. Great tunes!
108.8 mph slapshot, Z, are you kidding me?!
hahaha, thats a good one man
Get some sleep!!! I need some too, ha!
#EITHER YOU RUN THE DAY OR THE DAY RUNS YOU, IT'S ALWAYS TO EARLY TO QUIT.
Did you know... That all tea comes from the same plant called Camellia Sinensis?
With100th #Indy500 this yr should be including teams & drivers. RT : convince to cover us regularly.
Time to shut down and head home. 17 hour day and every minute I'm blessed at what I do. Always important not to loose focus and be thankful.
#crowdfunding we did it! I have tears of joy!!
how's everyone? it's not like you guys are actually gonna reply..
Nicely written. We lost one of the Greats...
Nothin to do but tweet
Hanging with too many children
you can still do it. It's very easy google launch your own radio
Fears of disappointing you reign supreme in my head.
Did every one like my new video????(:
I hate my life right now, I wish things would just be perfect.
Thank you. I'll be waiting for your call.
12th/Horizon: more guns go flying from their racks @ this intersection than any other in town. I just made that up.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "#MINISTRY...Chose Friendships, Associates, and Mentors Wisely."
Get them while they're hot!
GOOD LOOK!
IS BEING HYPOCRYTICALLLLL *retard voice*
I should have, next time I'm bringing my trench coat.
thank you baby!!
How to make a rape van less sketchy: hang a cross from the rear view mirror and call it a church bus!
Cool meeting your boyfriend last night, he was cool!
Chernobyl Diaries. Who wants to go see it?!?!
that whole day we worked hard its gone show n da. Video
how old r u?? or how old do u think i am??
like enjoying LATB's coverage of Bike WPT. Who isn't a roulette fish?
Feelin the <3 from theBikersDepot.com: I have the most excellent sounding board/designer/advertising maven/idea generator. Thx Mara Lubell!
just arrived at the after party
I just told someone that my parents fed me miracle gro and that's why I'm tall. Also that I grew a third arm as a result.
My cd "Out of the Shadows" being released April 24th. Can buy on Digital release now available on itunes, amazon, etc.
Thank you for the feature ! Feel free to follow us for the latest on all things #mobilemarketing!
#Brady 3rd?? He has 3 Super Bowl Rings!
I miss you<3 I hate how friends can become strangers
That's why I feel like I need to go back to the primary sources and analyze them again.
If I never take a law class again it will still be too soon. WHY AM I NOT A COMM MAJOR, so much more enjoyable.
#NF he is #unchurched with the right idea. Welcome
Erick called me a banana. Wut?
nice footwork Mozgov
Google I cannot stop playing with your zipper! Love it!
So I meant why* not where.
Awesome! It was the 545am flight from DFW to Ohare :)
because some people are just fucking stupid....
Hate it when texts take forever to send because of the signal :/
That would be doing society a favor. No, it was Milwaukee's Best, so, needless to say no one was gathering up the spilled bounty.
What's that? You're hurt? Boo hoo.. Did you expect me to care? You don't deserve my tears.. I guess that's why they ain't there.
S/o to my new ppl
Whatever, no one even cares, peopl just assume that I only spend time w/ Sam when I really don't.
Just screwed up my presentation, from getting nervous-this was a first :(
Q1) Business partners care more about the impact metrics than the ROI
Great to see Lauren Ambrose filming her new TV pilot Weekends at Bellevue in the rain this morning! still a little shy though...
thanks for the RT - hope we'll get to read your story somewhere in the stack of entries
you know it!
Asked and now following
do you think I care? Band is the worst&I'm not here to be friends with you either because I don't like you!
thank you !
are tuning in to CBS' #2BrokeGirls at 8:30/7:30 central to watch alum !
Yep! Bright and Early!
Looks like you are slowly becoming a triathlete!
When people have bad grammar.
Seriously, we're going to sequence DNA at #Smithsonianthirst! That reason alone should be enough to nerdy with us!
Embrace that.
who are you??? Hahah
where are you staying?
atomic power review: San Onofre seismic study - Press release 4/27
haha I'm just playing :) so what's up?
so people will leave me alone man praying i get back into siuc
Coming up on NBC 6: latest developments in case of #Aventura man on trial for wife's bathroom death
Just got reminded from that I have #WWE tickets to give away all week on
#First20SongsOnShuffle 15. Lost In Darkness- Escape The Fate
Hi Dana, San Diego SPJ here. Got a favor to ask... DM me?
50 of our clients, employees and Bosma ambassadors will be at each table for our 3rd annual Dining in the Dark, gala fundraisers
Woke up to a confirmation that I am playing with Placebo's Drummer and Innaway's Guitarist this Thursday. This will be a good jam.
Second video project tomorrow. I'm such a newbie......
I'm happy about it. :)
almost positive. Check put their site.
John Durante of says review contracts, coz Class I RRs & big customers writing them to transfer risk at
Good luck! RT Off to #Kona with and crew from
thanks! Always fun.
Sending email to address Qs but authoring not restricted & users don't need to know XML. Modifying templates does take >skill
"Harvard" of online ed? Faculty committed to #teaching, life-long support, a global cohort. - a new entry in
omg dude i texted u back bro
Looking for dualogue for two woman for my acting class.
Knock KnockWho's there ?Chaz !Chaz who ?Chaz nasty as you wanna be !
Welcome (back) to the newest members of the 2012 season: #15 - Daniel Barber #16 - Aaron Brennan (NEW) Next?
Does everything in Pittsburgh have to be yellow and black...
Your. You're. Your. You're. Your. You're. We can all eventually get it right, right?
Glad to say did contact me. Answered my questions. Kudos to them!
Shutting down the computer and then realizing you need it again..
"left side, strong side"
lmao that kyrie Irving's team now if lebron came back hell def get jumped after games lol
At a packed St. Marks for the Marriage Equality kickoff!
you workout
My fucking Mac Mini goes HAYWIRE every time I plug the GoFlex into it...
Spring Break
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
#WhenAustin got to look at a red tour bus. RT if you think he's gonna have his own tour bus someday. <3
I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery.
M! sounds yummy! I'd like those soon.
miss u!! Wish u were here!!
what a great movie! Ravenbusen!! You're up!!
Haha im gunna have fun with this trend.
okay fine with me ;)
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
It's like sees everyone else's tweets about him, but when he sees mine he ignores me . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
That shouldn't be an issue… as long as there is room!
“: Can people not have a guy friend without thinking that you like him?! #immature #comeon” Ohh schnapp she said it!!
Well f!ck me. Season over!
Had a kid last night tell me he was under 21, showed me his ID that said he was under 21, and still expected to be let in...
Ever hear of 'Rent'? No, not the musical.
Where is the bar that you work? Do you have any great St-Germain cocktails to share?
Just have to sit at another table with my iPad. #notcoolenough for their table. Haha
One interesting cab ride...
Damn.... iv been grounded this whole semester... Starting to suck!!
This bitch next to me lolol "nigguh I dont want a girlfriend, bitchess are crazy.." At least thats what I heard he said. xP
haha sweet! but you are the little jimmy :)
RT : Loving Mick Jagger's shawl collared dinner jacket. I want it!!!!!!!
RT it's official! we're now main event sponsors for the first ever Texas Testosterone Festival!! thanks
where is Clay Matthews on the list? Got to think he's rising both overall and with women. The hair does help
I know right
Spring is here!!
wave to me if you can so I can say hello!(:
Do you think the Nuggets can Win Game 7 at "S. Center" if they Contain K. Bryant's Scoring & force someone else to step up?
Congrats my fwend :)
#NowPlaying "Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays" NSYNC
Chris is a great guy! Fun fact: he produced my song What's Inside. Hope you're doing well, Grecia!
My work group (16 people) bought $80 worth of tickets for the MegaMillions. We won! $11. That's 68 cents each for a $5 expenditure.
We love #localmusic.... but can't hide our excitement about this Saturday at !! Best staff party EVER.
I try everyday to get you to notice me!
#Blazers trail the #Suns 66-53 at halftime. 66 pts. the most Portland has allowed in any half this season.
Finally got a smart phone for my wife. Bout time yo. I'm so going to get one next.
Can't wait for this: Free University on May Day at Madison Sq Park!
I remember when me and did the duck face along time ago, and now every girl at mt school does it, like.. no.Stop!
I was thinking I might like to play that piano while wearing the wooden bathing suit and the portable radio hat.
Thank God next quarter I won't have any morning classes to worry about :3
YOU GET TO SEE HIM TOMORROW!!! :3
Thank you again for another mention to follow:) You two are amazing! <3 XOXO Krisondra
yep my guess is he is as bad as the others...keep on making us look bad smh
This is such a weird day. I wanna sleep in ;x
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray Dr. J
Currently in New Orleans with the best people in the world <3 RT What are you up to, babe? X
i use to take pills for it when i was little, but now i just sit on Twitter and Tumblr haha
thank u for the follow!! Happy holidays!
Watched MIP with Tom cruise good movie better than the last one for sure
Business hubs caters to niche markets, you don't have to sort through millions of web pages to find the relevant information.
Grammar errors, both written and spoken, get on my last nerve--especially when the culprit is well-educated!
but are you going to Austin first right????
#kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
yes same one
This Means War!!
Jerhemy is gonna be mad at me now :(
RT : nice metric of success for open source projects: "how many people scream when the service goes down." :)
you know what congrats you're going to be a wonderful big sister.
#newyearresolutions #followus on #twitter this year
i love u ...i hope you can follow me back someday...take care..:))
for #dinner #tonight we have goat cheese-mushroom-stuffed handmade ravioli in a brandy cream sauce. Only have a few orders, so snatch 'em!
Just woke up GD afternoon everyone
You did the right thing? Or are you lying to yourself?
you better start proving to me it was worth it
Gimme someone to txt
#10ThingsIWantToHappen to meet , , & & tell them how amusing & amazing their music is.
hell yea
Homecoming game 2morrow&dance on Saturday. it should b pretty ffuunnn.
almost done with three. Gonna win. Carrying the team.
thanks for the tip!
I gotta game you 2 can play. It's called 100m dash.
Hey Richie. Hope all's well in the northwest today!
Write it down. Written goals have a way of transforming wishes into wants; cant's into cans; dreams into plans; and plans into reality. Don'
The whole damn squad #TeamHyperFocused thinks you are so fine BTW. Especially the founder... M.. Bella MUAH ;)
Thanks for all the new LIKES!!!! Welcome!
it shall be done!
Guess what told me today?!? I get to work with next week!!!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Cat Steven's father to sun Leonard Cohen's a thousand kisses deep
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and down?A: Barney in an elevator.
you've been smoking weed since sixth grade?
I'll be there with 25 setups around 7.
Good point. That link only contains common error messages. I wasn't planning on playing tonight, but BBC did a funny news story.
This season is not in vain!
Good Morning! Quick Question—How long should a kitchen remodel take? Well... getting a new sink area installed?
thx for the follow!
any chance there will be a block party in the Miami/Ft. Lauderdale area anytime soon?!
I thought the Tornado Twins were connected to the first Red Tornado...or was that the Cyclone Kids?
Mary was Jesus's Mother. She taught Him. Today She still teaches love, gentleness, peace, humility, and devotion.
Best Coast Ever
Thanks very much for RT!
Amen, brother!
Did anyone notice how the gas is getting highier and highier it is almost four dollars again!!! Hm
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same. This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
Discount liquor store? Since when does liquor behave like fashion and goes out of style?
LOL, that cracked me up.
nothing almost goin to sleep haha cuz I live in L.A. & you?:)
thanks for the follow :)
Problem is, w the collective mentality & w Xavi, Iniesta, Messi, it's is easier said than done, unless FCB is off its game.
You're My Better Half On Repeaatt ! <3
This girl is hecka annoying.
True! RT never underestimate the power of a hand written note
Fantasy Draft tonight -- Let's go Michael Vick!
i really liked the interwebs a lot more before *everyone* became an internet marketer.
so many celebs dying. :(
Sounds crazy but it really was a great night to run hills. Never thought I would ever say that.
you're so pretty!
yeah- I didn't have wheat for a week, felt great. Ate wheat today= feel horrible.
A professional, well designed website, with the right content, easy navigation and quickly accessible contact details, greatly increases...
Dear Lord, All I ask is for a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't make me a bad person.
"environment" "milieu" architecture as atmosphere; gossip.
too lazy
following u.. #OKE!!
Thanks everyone!
startups coming out- - give Texas a little Dennis love. Ur NYC fellas gonna be out here 2
too bad hurt his back. We would have on hell of a coed league this summer.
Bill Aramony the former CEO of the United Way of America just passed away.
#libchat #libpitch I blog as Plaid Librarian on WP & Tumblr. Am also on Google+, but mostly stick to Twitter. Thanks everybody.
is following me. Excuse me while I poop.
Last night was the first time "ass juice" was ever used, at a business dinner, by a manager to describe the taste of his wine. #
: 'Sister Citizen' by - a true eye opener! <--Thanks for the recommendation!
J'adore!
hungry hungry hippo.....
ain't nothing but a....
Following spree
I'm folding laundry and Bruce Springsteen comes on. I instantly feel like I'm doing something epic.
I want a take a ride on a disco stick
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 61
I'm not sure about this mustache.
Death by stereo
Would you kindly stop retweeting the bimbo with the big jugs. My Twitter feed feels dirty and stupid.
I WANNA KNOW WHO A IS.
Day is NOT going well. Blech! I need a hug!
if only that was possible in my world. #Women don't poop! Only #men do. You men are so lucky!
Hahaha! Love the hair by the way!
Dang girls scream loud for a guy wit a good voice. Woah. Lol
#Kombucha, #fairtrade coffee, & #organic salad. The urban hippie is alive, well, & burning a hole through her pocket.
a person!
We need a show for Friday, December 17. Let us know if you have something cooking.
I see people all over town taking pics for prom... Super excited for senior year... :D
anybody want to do my bio??!! noo okay!..
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do."
oh look my account is now being paid for by Lemonjello Fakename's american express, I do hope there are no problems with payment next month
Thanks for the follow Kara. We love do-gooder type people! Hope you're doing well in
she has to approve you 1st!
it was so cute omg I just love them so so much like I want to live with them!!
I know how that is....I lost about the same amount of time on hold with TREC!!! Ugh!
Watching Journey to Fearless on Netflix... I need to see a concert right now!!
best way to beat a "play hard team"... PLAY HARDER!
Can u grab me a pbr?
a bunch of ppl are following me !!!! :P
but i haven't finished the last batch! :-)
Take a look at Traces of the Trade on your journey, and keep rocking the kids!
Quorum Call has started in the Assembly, they've been in caucus since 4:30
Hey, I love you <3
Couldn't agree more; the rest of it...eh
#Saturdaylibrarian waiting for my storytime group to show up.
A cold night of trivia is about to go down.
congratulations!!! Now the fun begins
Found a lost set of keys at this a.m. and gave it to lost & found. Later some dude confronts me to "leave his stuff alone." Wow
Great time hanging out with you Champ! Hit me up when you come out to Vegas.
Happy birthday to you! Hope you enjoyed your celebration Come see us again soon!
I was going to invite for a swim in the Potomac but I guess not. ;)
Is it just me or does Tony Dungy look like Yoda?
AND EXACTLY 3 MONTHS UNTIL WE MEET & HUG BIG TIME RUSH <U+2665> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
2 more days
MLB At Bat 12 app. Awesome
What did everybody think about tonight?
oh ok then send it in messages
Hi Neesha, thanks for the follow. What's the story about?
I haven't gotten the spirit yet this year!! Maybe I should try the shopping method too...
summer is officially on
White Castle drive-thru guy told me I was hot because I listened to sports talk radio. Didn't even tell him I was on it, too.
The Sam Riggs Band and Chicago go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
why didn't I know about Warby Parker before I bought my glasses? Addicted.
Thank you Memphis for the killer hospitality!
It seems like you can't trust anyone anymore.
Now tho, we better step our shit up. We're facing the Thunder next.
Great presentation at Lawrence Tech today. Truly hope your message sank into those executives heads. Creativity is essential.
bc we aren't dirtbags; and have jobs
Thanks ! Its been a treat tweeting, I've actually started my own account...addictive ...
Just got a tiny glimpse of the power of using XQuery to manage collections described in EAD, and I think I'm in love.
my mom said what did you do today i said "i surprised a burglar today , I broke into his house so dont worry if you get a call from the cops
you are about to turn 18 yet you still act like your a fucking cat and a stuck up whore
Saw George Zimmerman could face death penalty with possible hate crime charge.Can't comprehend killing someone because they killed someone
"A girl like Reba's got just what I need; with big broad shoulders and a red-assed weave..."
Ahead of its rumored IPO, online music hub Vevo is said to be negotiating a new ad pact with Google's YouTube. Backed by Sony and Universal…
We had two distinctly different movie nights. Mine was psychotic and traumatizing with a twist of nightmare. Trade?
i love you babe
only every time I walk out the door
Make Fit2Go your Valentine! We’d love to have a long-term relationship with you, so sign-up for auto-renew!...
Starting a New Series tom. Don't miss it!! See you at 10:30a. Invite a friend!
Zumba is for those that cannot Mambo
Gotta go with the frozen pizza, or come tailgate at Rice
can someone PLEASE tell me why chicks be posin butt naked on facebook for no compensation..smh.
Yayayay! bring your yearbook so I can sign it and I'll bring mine!
oh really
Legal Tip: its a good idea to sign a durable power of attorney to appoint someone to handle your assets if you become incapacitated.
seriously, unreal.
My point exactly.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Saw the Bud Light "Here We Go" commercial on TV this morning. Realized its the Super Bowl spot I still constantly see.
CSN and NESN people getting along????
Love. Your. Blog. :)
Pizza Hut sucks
No on the voice, huh? Well at least you have the "tall and Christ-like" thing going for you... so that's good. ;-)
eating some as we speak (:
Only 9 school days left
best wishes on a speedy recovery
Not gonna lie, I'm a fan of Tosh.0 now.
RT : Come hang out today @ relax pool @ the hard rock if you are around. I'm spinning 330-630
I'm totally with you. Since when are passengers required to give turn-by-turn directions, especially outside their home cities?
I wonder what this summer has in store for me.
nothing like making the right choice! I often forget that "me" is the best choice. ;)
is it because your not gonna be here?
Bringing up the politics of workflow, especially when scholars do their own modeling 'in the wild' and then it rots in attics
Thank you!
sweet! i'll be over in about ten minutes
be there in an hour 20
1st science-oriented book I ever read was African Genesis by Robert Ardrey. What was yours?
Consistently let your girlfriend know, face to face, how much she means to you. Don't "just assume" she knows.
well that girl told me she's cwazzyyyy about chuuuuu(; <333
The only way Lin can fuck this up now is taking over the account
"WHY DON'T YA GET A NEW SHIRT?!" #seinfeld,themusical
Chilaxin at the pool at the Madison! Happy 4th of July!
“: I'm getting a few of the Tuesday special at popeyes today” I want sum <U+E414><U+E414><U+E414>
Duh, Kentucky!!!
i can take a hint
Whats goodie sir? and yeah thats a good look Let me know what i need to do to get on that uNDERDAWGS MIXTAPE! WHOOP!!!
Breaking news: raccoon in a cage on the roof. Thump, thump, thump, chaaa-squeeee-irk.
umm yeah am pretty sure I did:D
Thanks for the followback! :) Have a great weekend!
LEO THE LION ENTERTAINMENT LLC
#dramatic night-__-
when times are tough....give ya watch a bandana
you asked the right person. what type of dance? as in what type of music are you looking for? i know absolutely everything
Im hungry :I
Sad about the #Brewers lose but more upset to see that the #Cardinals snuck Budweiser into Miller Park lol
Madam Laveau's House of Voodoo
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
I picked up 100 ballet slippers today-What will I do with them?
Problem w/ doing all your work in the cloud is 4 hours sitting with no wifi...finished my book two hours ago..so, obviously, I tweet
“: God I love law and order svu”. Me too!
if you've gone through my #grefine #nicar11 tutorial, let me know what other topics you want covered, thx
I should not be at work for this game!
BTW #Apple I need my iCloud NOW!
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. -Jewel Kilcher
already subscribe to #Mediashift... it's great!
I wanted to write a strongly-worded letter to whoever is the source of that incessant beeping until I realized its the photographer's camera
p what it do?
That #CanadianTransgender is hot. I wish I had a body like that lol
I knew u were going to say something I can't believe this how do u f*^ck the championship up they don't deserve to win.
High a top the Aramark building - great view
Motivation Monday: "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." ~George Bernard Shaw
Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon.
I really hope you win
Thank you so much!!
Happy early President's Day!
Remember this day, where every Dem let a collective sigh & a "Really?" At Thanks Hilary. Thanks..
This made me lol!
We wish you were here too but are happy you are where you are. :) We'll take photos of the view later today!
oh no no no no. Mizzou and Nebraska were the source of all big 12 problems. If u don't believe me ask
I am a world teacher, healer we will meet one day! Keep the faith and know that I believe in you!
The media is so predictable...
it was fun for us also ... wierd questions and interesting answers xP
Rather dress classy than like a ghetto person. I have my own style.
go get me Timmy “: Fireman Ed and the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out for you. J-E-T-S JETS! JETS! JETS!”
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
HUFF was one of the highlights of the Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
Weekend outdoors plans? Or is it officially too hot to do anything but swim?
Sorcery kicks off new pre-purchase functionality on PSN
Blast in a Glass Bitches <3 <3
I am seeing the movie this weekend. What one was the most fun to make Mr flip off guy?
My child likes to pretend she/he is a _______
tough loss... but, I want to wish you and Baylen a Happy Birthday!
I go to sleep later and later every night ..
welcome to twitter!
In my opinion, Donna Summer not only ignited disco but created all dance music including house. Can you deny this?
hey my buddy! Whats up?!:)
#TGGR The Go-Giver Retreat is a day away! :-)
Just not Pawnee, right?
Still cleaning my followers look, if your not Dr Dolittle or a relative then people stop creating a twitter page for your pets!!!
so yes? hurry to 517
The #Brewers could use a great outing tonight from Wolf. We need to start taking series' on a regular basis.
I wanna see those birds on Madden13 MR. ROSE!!!
Was once told by a farmer that thongs are like barb-wire fence. It protects the property without blocking a great view.
Jim Riggleman resigns as Washington Nationals manager amid hot streak. Cites contract issues.
NEVER TELLING RUBI SHIT EVER AGAIN
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
I think that's obvious. You shouldn't simply rely on form (or no) documents to organize, hire W-2s/1099s, and protect your IP
I want it all.
goin to see my nigga $y tonight at the
Love the NYTime over here in Boston. Keep up the good work!! Follow back?
yeah.. thanks :) a person has changed my twitter password.
Waiting patiently for Born To Die to come in the mail. Are you publishing reviews?
Aquarius' Horoscope: You are a bundle of nerves today strained by the overeager anticipation of an exciting intellectual storm.
Lunch rushes in NYC continue well past 2PM, obviously.
It's cool rain, fuck up a good week. No biggie
Check out this article wrote about us!
oh shittt gotta take my grandma to the store....I hope she doesn't smell my special cologne. ;) ;)
“: #teamlakers follow back”
Those legs I mean dang
Glad neither team have M. Rivera. It wouldn't have been such a classic.
mvp should definitely be
She Pissed Me Off
who hack ur page cause u don't even be on that page and u don't even spell ur plz with a z
but whats somebody ?lol cause I can get somebody.
It would really make my day if would retweet me. :)
can you tell to follow me please x
"I'm currently reading the memoir My Lobotomy by Howard Duffy. Not for the faint of heart, I'll tell ya. " Shirley Reva Vernick
Hahahaha I feel you girl
good day, talking to him makes the day so much better
My Neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack.
I've been asked to present for the StartupDC Ideas Summit also, we should compare notes Mon or Tue at the Fort...
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. Robert Frost
I am forever amazed when I hear so many gifted and talented people from all walks of life!
RT : of raises issue of "audio-visual" literacy -- how to "read" online video
Thank you! How do you like Israel? I've heard a lot of stories from my friend whose parents live there. :)
I LOVE this. I'll be back this summer, let's do a Tribe game in July when I'm home!
Just did a line off a a bums arm when he was passed out
Time to teach this second class!
Lots of Wagers at the #Trayvon march got confused during the chant: "What Do We Want?! A livin- oh right, Justice!" hehe
I'm tired of #superhero movies. I'm not twelve. It's insulting. I don't want 2 see #Avengers. I want to see a movie for 4 adults.
She a straight killa max payne travis porta make it rain !! Aarrrggghh
honestly, let's have F.P. tell us what constitutes different types of pitches. What's a "backdoor breaking ball?"
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
Lol. I see that.
Oh, did you know there was a prize? We are growing like wildfire. Folks love to talk about Belltown Seattle Happy Hours!
Don't blink LA
Thanks for your intrepid reporting... No one else is on it! (No water pressure at LoyalTee HQ.)
Some of you even didn't went to school & didn't go home. Please guys... Your healthiness is the most important <3 Thank you so much. Xoxo.
Diana Draayer scores on a breakaway to make the score 2-0 Tonka with 5:51 to go in the 3rd.
RT THIS!!!!! RT : S/O Too All The Bitches That's Taking Care of A Nigga Just Too Scream They're In Love
April lives to smack my face lol
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
I feel like someone beat me up in my sleep. My whole body hurts. So strange.
with both #brewers aces on his fantasy draft
Hope tomorrow is a better day #tryingtobepositive... (notice the trying part)
Where you going Mama?
Free bottle of champagne for every group of 3 girls tonight when you text champagne to 38714 part of
I would much rather see his career ended with a blow save walk off grand slam.
Whats the #LTDArmy up to this evening? We're working on finishing up our album and we can't wait for you all to hear it!
filming as an extra in a national 48 hour film contest Saturday! Woot!!! Always wanted to check out that process.
On the lookout for a great apartment eastside LA. Maybe you have a friend with a great view and they're moving? Any tips super appreciated.
The latest edition of Living Local is hitting the shops this week. Don't forget to pick up your FREE copy when you head into one of Newark!
#NewBalance You Rock. My shoes were snagged off my front door step and you sent me out new ones at no charge. Life-long 574 wearer now.
Okay! Your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man has to ask. What's Mangosteen?
Ewww... I Hate The Word "Wifey"... Hoes Give That Word No Meaning...
off 2 bodybuilding!!! And looking at new apartment later on today!!!
Hey European Wax Center fans! We want you to weigh in! Who gets your vote for the best groomed male celebrity? Don’t forget to tell us why!
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Never had a doubt.
you wanna help? I could use you.
Playing the Black Lodge tonight. Going on first. The talented Tartufi from SF are playing as well. Should be a most enjoyable evening.
Sometimes a person just let's you down!
No shame in that at all. RT : Two grown men in the car singin Lady GaGa - Paparazzi... I have no shame
It's been just good so far. The sequel, many things are vague, and it just hasn't been as enjoyable as the first...
SHE WASNT REALLY TRYING TO RUMBLE!!
The last time the #Browns had the 3 and 22 picks they took Joe Thomas (playmaker) and Brady Quinn (bust QB). And in 2012 the Browns took...
The Avengers is finally out! Got to add that to my to-do list for the weekend.
nope. A good time to just relax and have quality time with my baby boy. Gotta go to CLE in the next few days for work.
weren't you on the kraft macaroni and cheese box!???
Sunday's are only fun when you spend it in the Dominican Republic. They party on Sundays :-)
Thank you!
Hi Jana, can we connect on G+? I am following you via Twitter, but we're on the same LinkedIn group.
They loving the crew
no LMAO because after you left one of the girls was like "nine inches mommy nine inches!!"
I have the day off tomorrow
ha! i'm just glad you put up with my general disgust towards most of it.
great to see you too!!! “: great seeing you today! Congrats on your job at Guess!!!”
i agree but he isnt a superstar and obviously at 40-10 they doing just fine without him. Have a blessed day !
But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Okay - where are my thin mints? I ordered numerous boxes from several little sellers....hm, time to make some calls.
James Beard awards finalists: Matt Molina (Mozza) best chef Pacific; Dahlia Narvaez (Mozza) outstanding pastry chef; more tk
Worst week as a sports fan continues. Not only PSU fiasco but 4got about Thurs night NFL...Tolbert in, Denarius Moore on the bench...DAGGER
Was going to go to sleep but I'll just eat these peaches and watch the end of this no hitter first
Today's BTU inspiration: "Wherever there is a human being there is an opportunity for a kindness." ~Marcus Seneca
I'm down for anything <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! :) I love you Mom! :D <3
Girlfriend playing Right now at the Paste party sounds like Edie Brickell backed by hipsters - blast from the past!
just a few days until the premiere of #thehungergames :) anyone else super duper excited?
You're welcome, Susan. My pleasure to tweet your excellent posts...Jeannette
Thanks everyone for downloading Instant Santa! Getting tons of downloads! tweet us for promo codes to get the good & bad packs free
wassup homeboy, u mess wit dat joint or did u not get it yet?
“ You will rarely see a short and thick #Leo girl. These babies got a waist and curves”
RT : “ UU Softball tournament champs say what?!!! #AYYYYEEEEEEEEEE” congrats .. Good Job
I love and I conversations! Communication is key!
thanks for the follow! hope you like learning more about me and my artwork!
i luv u
going home. going to bed
"The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but the victory belongs to the Lord." Proverbs 21:31
Learned how to disco dance whilst eating pizza today.
If it were only that easy ;) “: Everything you said I erased from my mind.”
finished Seth Godin's latest book "Linchpin" recently. If you are not familiar with his work yet you are really missing out!
Good guys only come around every here and there.
I hate sharing a couch with someone who insists on taking up the whole damn thing
keep the pomp riding
Macular degeneration is an age-related disease that gradually destroys central vision, which is needed for seeing objects clearly.
Record a song free today!! Just ask how!
For the 1st time in enjoying cardio and being outside.
Eleven games.
Something always brings me back to you...it never takes too long...
Sitting in a vCops Go Deep. Class with new colleagues from
Highlight of my SYTYCD Vegas week coverage has to be meeting She's was fantastic in every way.
Wake Up America.Your HYPOCRISY is disgusting.You created the bounty culture long before you crucified &
Natural IP CI related skills - critical thinkers, good information synthesizers, good communicators.
www.womenthroughtransition- are you one of them? Don't forget your free eBook.Survival Tips Through Transition.
One thing's for sure, nobody cares about your business but you. But they want to be right there when it's successful!
my dad isn't sure about it yet but yes when I'm able to get it done I will:)
thanks for every1 comming out last night...had a blast...
Like it or not #Red #Sox and Bruins fans are coming to #Boston!
Im So Dope My Nickname Is Cocaine :-)
yes, that's dr. ally reid.
I had an awesome time in California! Worked with PitFit training owner Jim Leo who worked me hard! Also went go-karting with my teammates!
Jay Z is not a rapper. He's a true artist.
We can do polymailers. Hit us up at and let us know what you need.
It is gearing up to be a wonderful weekend! Make sure to visit us sometime on you rides!
back of thigh, and happy weekend!
#Rahimi, a thousand rooms of dream and fear. 1979 Kabul. Man beaten by soldiers wakes in woman's house, hides, prays, hallucinates. Intense
Visiting the old farm
Yessir! Matt Skiba and the Sekrets, Thrice, The Used, all within the next two months.
Help celebrate the birthday of Susan Duerksen by taking back our democracy! Let's sing 2 her @ the downtown federal courthouse & hold signs.
Caught the tail end of the ABC news special with Barack Obama, to bad I missed it. Will have to catch the recap on Nightline.
Nothing can match Clue, anyway.
I'm so disappointed #johnclayton doesn't have a ponytail
19 pts in 20 min? He's ballin a little bit right now.
Hattrick for Mr.Carter
I remember I was almost late
maybe not...DM me?
lol because you love Connor and there is a big part in the story and I need a person (:
Chris Rock hilarious
Couldn't donate in Allentown, so I'm doing it in Atlanta! Thanks for inspiring me to donate.
Time and money spent in helping men do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Getting ready for the premiere livestream broadcast on Spiceworks' latest product release!
For Bookings email me :)
This gouda is good-a.
Love the outfit today :-) Good morning to you as well!
I wanna fast forward this week to fun time.....
#GrizzNation Who's ready for the grizz to put the hurt on the Clippers! Tony Allen should punch CP3 in the throat
Accomplishing a goal that pays off 10x more does not take 10x more effort
oh. Someone i follow follows u and retweeted wat u said and i found it in ma home page (long story short)
Thanks Milwaukee!
You guys! I just tried alkalized water for the first time. I am do hydrated right now. You don't even know.
Be respectful of your camera but have a little fun with it. Take it out & play around. Be a little wild & crazy. Keep clicking keep vidding!
#Hadaddi ohh he likes too party!
I booked a #commercial through #Amy gossels as a extra tomm morning at #7:45am well see what happens on set
It's nice to get some attention. I've also offered to take you and Lacy to Costco and load up numerous times. Just say when.
Can today be considered Ash Thursday since I passed out while smoking a joint and burnt my forehead on the cherry?
- Pretty funny dawg. Cheers
me too can we hangout this weekend please . i miss you both !
Watched #GameChange. A bit stilted until settling into an engaging narrative groove, if with minimal insight. Harrelson & Moore are fun.
lucky you! I'm envious.
i know! It's so cute
so checked with the TO, still no details are being given. You will be fine as long as you dont use SC's. They want it a surprise.
miss you to girl.
yoga! standing bow pulling pose from bikram. with a wonky, terrible arm. on a wonky, terrible rock!
"Looking For Some Hot Stuff Baby This Evening" Rest In Peace Donna Summer. The World Has Lost An Icon & Boston Has Lost One Of It's Own RIP
I don't want to hear anymore about John Travolta and his massages. Good God that's disgusting.
Just made a twitter.
Did you know that a 9-sided polygon is called a nonogon or enneagon?
A HUGE congrats to you and Q!! It is such a beautiful book, you deserve it!
#IAlwaysWanted to have a coke bottle shape, light skinned, and a pretty smile.
Thanks man! Much appreciated.
Thankyou for the love was up y down?
My fresh pair of Desert Boot are versatile in keeping my feet dry in the rain as well.
See what is new at : www.Meningitis-Angels.com
Happy Hina Matsuri! Happy Girl's Day! :)
“: happy happy b day friend!!!”Thanks I'm Kicking It Down Peanuts Tonight!!!
Postmodernism: Messy idealism.
yoooooo u on campus
@ MY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW ITS REAL BOW!!!!
I have to work today.
Solid debate there. Think it's too soon. Will be interesting to see how this pans out. New Kindle is what I'm foreseeing.
Outside it's rainy and cold, but inside its warm and toasty, with $1 #bartab drinks to be had! Don't let #theMondays get you down!
Spending the day with Indiana Assoc for Healthcare Recruitment talking about Social Media, more to come...
Show tonight !!!! at The Mint 6010 west Pico blvd LA CA 90035. We go on at 8:00. Come have a drink with us :)
Watching tv and relaxing..
I love Stephen Merchant but I can't bring myself to watch that.
And congrats to Michael Peress for winning this year’s Gordon Tullock Prize for best paper published by a younger scholar in Public Choice!
Thought should precede action.
I love you!!!
I'm gonna go with creepy...
Yep~, Big Three = Lebron, Wade, Haslem. Drop Bosh, and change those T-shirts lol
First mention of the Taxonomic Impediment at #LifeLit from
“Friends are who get us through our ups and downs. Without them who knows. If you really think about it, it’s them who keeps us alive.”
lol you too funny today
Looking forward to ur show at Domino Room #inbend in Bend Oregon tomorrow nite. Come through the Official Afterparty at
Just landed back in the city! Happy to be home
Panelists are Alexander J. Field of , Jonathan Levy of & Deirdre McCloskey of #ACLS2012 (3/3)
Don't forget that Gibby taught us it's okay to dance on a table with your shirt off.
lol mmhmm that's why u don't txt me no more hm lol and I love you too xoxo
haha! Count me in man!
I live in Philadelphia now! Right now! HI!
you're confused? I barely know what your talking about.
(aka Batman), thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing what you have to say on here.
You always amaze. My favorite of his is The Servant. Pinter and Bogarde!
I'll save the rest of my comments for a tweetup.
Thanks so much for the RT, Tracey!
Weird when you go to a game & cheer for the referee
Jesus paid it all for me! I'm straight!
Museum-Ed Tech Mob is coming to NAEA.
I am truly humbled by ALL the love! I really appreciate it! It makes my day mandatory OT better! Thanks I love u all with the love of God!!
U kno i've been waitin to wake up nd scream in my big bro's face.."Happy Easter", wit a bunch of eggs in my hands.Lmao!!! #LuvvUbigBro>.<
Construct a life plan with your partner. What are your personal goals for the next 3-5 years? Which ones are negotiable, and which are not?
for Center for the Book & am embarrassed to report that we have under 100 followers 4 Please Follow
Damn, the nearest Hobby Lobby from #MKE is Kenosha, but everyone always raves about it. Will have to make the trek. :)
pretty damn good. Lookin forward 2 food,family and...FootBall 2morrow. Then its 3 more days off! Yay!
RE: Walgreens commercial -- i have never seen a Walgreens big enough for a man to run around for 30 sec trying to find someone who sneezed.
Listen again....appeal is necessary due to JU not approaching or discussing leave with Bo. Kid needs to explain departure.
A big thanks to and The Mad Doctors ( ) for a great night at Goodbye Blue Monday!
#weneedacurefor #poverty. It can spread like a wildfire.
Literally has me in tears from laughing so much!!!
Give it to me -- I LOVE banana-flavored candy!!!
JUSTIN'S NEW VIDDY. gksgsjshsjsgkshs look at his arms omg.
Had to park bike nearly at the chinese massage place--even with bike corrals there's no parking at
Yea I am.. Thanks love <U+E022><U+E418><U+E056>
I think another week off would be fair ;) spring break recuperation lol
You have a job for me? ;)
Thanks to all our new Twitter followers! LIKE us at www.facebook.com/kolhaot and keep up with the latest in art & Jewish education!
Every atom that belongs to you as well belongs to me. -Walt Whitman
Had a 'licious dinner with a side of good conversation with
Joel Przybilla is officially a game-time decision with that sprained right knee.
Thank you so much for checking out the trailer and sharing it with your followers, Dean!
I would change that to "applied knowledge = power." Knowledge is useless of we don't act on it!
The Avengers is the best use of The Hulk ever.
Hey George, PayPal contributions can be made to -- Thank you for donating!
I have to say that I like my Kindle Fire, but I don't like the limited apps. Wish my iPad had that screen size though.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I'll never change my ways, it's not a phase, this is how it is and this is how it's gonna stay! ;)
they be sleeping on you thinking it was slumber time.if they wanna play then they meet u at the fumble line
iPad was made for any type of RSS feed. This is seriously awesome
I sense a double meaning in your "plowing." So it worked? :)
i love when the dog is sleeping on the couch and she starts dreaming - this one is a running dream... so cute!
I'm anything and everything lol
Welcome to Twitter! You'll catch on very quickly. It's pretty simple.
So excited for the ranger game tonight #LetsGoRangers lets beat this out in four games<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Take 539 before 572 if you can swing it!
Hi this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility.Please contact me at Thanks
What did you think about the White House Correspondents Dinner last night?
When I'm working, I'm writing. When I'm vacationing, I'm writing...maybe there's something wrong with this picture. Lol.
back at you my dear friend. You know your place.
First love is irreplaceable. First heartbreak is unforgettable. That's why you're irreplaceable & unforgettable.
Learned a good way to massage farts from Max :)
#OnceUponATime One word on the finale: Wow..... That is all.
Work till 5 then Isotopes Game tonight!
On my way to my FAV job today for our audit...
I didn't even know there was already weblog in the 90s... now I know.
Busy day 4 u guys 4 sure!
substitute pasteurized liquid egg product or substitute 1tblsp mayo for each egg.
If my phone were truly a "smart" phone it would realize my stylus is missing and grow a new one back like a starfish.
Smoked salmon baguette, scallop bacon soup, and a gourmet brownie.
where do you work?
All we have is, Right Now! :)
thanks for the follow. Check out
If ur interested in modeling hmu I have a modeling group in Fayetteville If u r interested feel free 2 hmu We r looking 4 all ages sizes
attended Sports Legacy fund raiser. Jesse Ventura was key speaker.. They are bring much needed awareness to the cause of concussions .
jajajajajaja LOL RT Dad, can I get a new phone?|what's wrong with your iphone?|grandma keeps using it to call her new bf -,-
Our lovely is taking her dresses to #RCF this weekend, so come snag one today before they're all gone!
Day to of #NFL_Draft starts in 50 minutes. What positions do #Seahawks address in Rounds 2 and 3?
You are correct, madam.
Anyone up for a class-action suit against Apple for the 0x80020022 error? Seems like the only way they'll resolve it.
Amicci's, if you want to do Little Italy
March Madness has officially started! BYU storms back from 25 down!
Going to work on my first New York based film. I get to die today!!
Started early morning sign waving - need coffee
Pete Haggland of Pioneer Air Museum speaking tonight @ Pioneer Hall, Pioneer Park, 6:30pm on their impressive collection, plus museum tour!
The last time I checked, I have three turntables!! WTF is this dude talkin' bout?
At my favorite Bistro!
vanes is a pussy. But the WBC is full of shit
Tim Grobaty: Pumpkin gunk can really drain your wallet - Contra Costa Times
I really need to stop watching scary movies before bed. Last night I dreamt that Aaron Brooks somehow signed with the Lakers...
Happy Birthday Hope you had a great day.
When people are like "new hair cut" but all they did was cut their dead ends off <
Ice skating was so much fun last night!<3 ;D
When people are so annoying in church.
Ran 5k around the lake where I used to train in high school. Back to my #roots...time to train for a 5k race?
#thoughtsduringschool I wanna go home and sleep....
I like my martini Parkinson'd, not stirred.
#808Pride dont let the man run u run the man
Going 2 bed Rusher thanks 4 u help can i gett night tweets?
Hi Everyone, I will be doing a Book signing this saturday. 711. N Tonopah,Las Vegas, NV. CHEESE & WINE TASTING! JOIN THE CAUSE:)
Who knew it got cold in the desert during winter?!? Brrrrr!
Why do they make us buy these expensive text books????? We don't even use the entire book. :-(
Thanks for not having parking, dentist office. What I really felt like doing this morning was waste time circling around the block for an hr
Taking a break from packing to play the Biltmore tonight with Luca, Ryan and Peter. 8:30-12:30.
Do you follow QWiPS on Twitter? If not, click to do so and keep up to date on all things QWiPS!
Motor racing-Todt says Bahrain race will not damage F1 image
ideas are pouring out today - I owe it to limited hours of sleep over the last weeks. now I just have to build them...
I worked for a moment in Private Equity, where we weren't even allowed to wear an open-toed or open-back shoes ...
Remember, trimet reroutes are in effect from 6-10pm on Alberta. Catch the bus at killingsworth instead.
#howrace Passion=tweeting while running
chop those up on the weekends and freeze 'em so you can just sauté and go when you're hungry!!
Watchin cops makin chixxenn for my salad n then cleaning casa
just discovered project runway australia AND canada!! got new shows to watch for the next month
RT: good luck!/// thanks!
Family Guy is hilarious!
It's crazy how much happier I am when I'm only focused on work. :)
hahaha i love living in Pittsburgh, cus the Steelers are in the superbowl we already have a 2 hour delay on monday :P
Sounded better coming from you. It's probably because your lips are sexier. Yeah, I'm sure that's why.
Hope to cover your upcoming trip in an upcoming video! Am also in MD so before you travel, let's touch base!
I think imma crash early
I'm in pain still from Saturday =(
Thanks! They are in Maquoketa, about 35 min from Dubuque.
so pickle juice is really fruit juice
They got a few things that they prolly won't do.
going to the link. Dear how have you been?
Q13 FOX has not reached an agreement or come to terms with DirecTV on any aspect of its contract, which expires at midnight.
When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves- Viktor Frankel
watching project x :-)
completely missing you and hoping to see you before autumn!
follow the official page >>>>>>
#InTheSummer I spend so much time with my family!
Life is Awesome. :)
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 10
I was just at the one in falls church
Just wrapped 2nd night of shooting 'The Long Farewell' in NYC. Did I mention that I was the Lead? Yeah, there's no turning back now...
just being silly. We are all friends here.
"he 'gon cry in the car"
S/0 to twitter.. I think she would Holla # my partna ..but he fuckin up and not coming wit it and being up front.. obviously .
Happy day dreaming
Who would have imagined this?!?! RT:“: #FF ..." Happy Friday!
YOUR ALL I THINK ABOUT I <3 RESPECT SUPPORT & WILL ALWAYS BE A FAN#143JULENA<3
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Thank you for following ! We love our customers and fellow tweeps!
MY Teams !
Ahahaha, because Courtney's never sleep I guess. Idk why I'm up either..
Really, really grateful there's a mindfulness meditation class at 12 at work.
How good are your union leaders?
Are you already up there?
they nitpicked every inch of our car.
Up up and away, next stop Portland Oregon!! #ducknation/r u going to be guest captain at USC game? That would be sweet! Go Ducks!
Hello will you look at my website I do watch mob wifes i'm a big fan
one of my favorite guys! “: joel mchale >>>>>”
only if they were a solid personality like Chris Cantore.
How long can I go without sleeping? It's been like 36 hours now
Looking for companies giving us free product samples to distribute at Oregon's largest Vietnamese New Year Festival, est. 10k attendees!
Maybe because librarians tend to be introverted? Or, we're "just doing our jobs."
#kurtsaudition .. So he just started singing ! Take him ! <3333 I love this song ! (;
I'll take them!
"I'm not gonna lick your bacon." -, to me.
People with March 1st Birthday's get screwed every 4 years. They must be huge assholes
This is going to be the longest day ever
Watched Harry Potter 7 with Alex, Amazing Day(:
Wow...Michigan deficit matched largest this season at half. They have their work cut out
when I was just a little kid I couldn't wait to grow up but now its different
Think it's time we start a wedding/event planning business You design, I can dress the hell out of a bridal party.
I'LL be sure to send birthday wishes your way, that day!
i hate when niggas lie about shit, when u already know what the deal is. yaw so fuckin dumb!
For score and seven years ago....
Size 15 feet don't work to well with my stairs in my place if I ain't careful lol
I'm sure we disagree about the justifications and extent to which it "hurts" people. Probably not a Twitter convo, though.
Follow #12NTC for tweets from conference on #nptech. Should include good #socmed tips...
I thought you went to France? Glad you are here for the weather.
Sorry everyone. I've been hacked
LSN360 /News/Nevada GINGRICH "I WILL STAY IN THE RACE" ROMNEY 44% OF NEVADA VOTES SO FAR.
At Five Guys. The regular burger has two patties and the regular fries are like 100 fries. Who eats like this?
Awesome! You yada yada yada'd the best part!
i love you too <3
Farm fresh fare - Charleston Gazette
At Johnnies with , we came to see but he's not here!!!
People who hate you are just your confused admirers. They cant figure out the reason why everyone loves you.
To improve, a coach should "visit w/ coaches who have done what he wants to accomplish."---
omg! I had no idea that was you today! So sorry I didn't introduce myself, but nice meeting you from afar!
Did you hear David Peaston passed away yesterday also, or am I late?
Do you know why God withheld the sense of humor from women? So that we may love you instead of laugh at you
gift certificates are the way to go!
fsince I use an alias address for linkedin it is really easy to see all the phishing mails to other aliases
I'm glad you're pleased with the feature. Everyone at the Shriver Center is so proud of your work w/
Carl DeMaio brought his visual aid. (muffled snickers in the crowd) He was slapped by moderator: no more props. Ouch!
We're scouting out new charities to partner with. If you're interested, let us know!
God doesn't take back His promises.
hahah true but they claim they're good. Lol
I love food..but I love you more<U+2665>
I should do that when I write papers!
Oscar's tonight!
I've never felt this way in my life. I can't stop smiling and looking at his picture.
yeah it actually is im impressed i hope its organized for the concert to lol
you know like.. 5 songs.
That might be one of the dumber ideas I have ever heard. If u are going to abandon your blog, go with #Google+ That gets indexed
“ The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Aries/Cancer | Taurus/Leo | Gemini/Virgo | Cancer/Libra | Leo/Scorpio |Virgo/Sagittarius.”
then lose on a horseshit goal against the run of play.// it does have that feeling, doesn't it?
Recommend me some good movies to watch :)
maybe it's all the wild crazy sex we get to have!! ;)
okay fine!
My holy book is "Everybody Poops." It contains 89% more wisdom than yours, 100% less slavery, but about the same amount of shit.
Portman you look amazing. even more amazing in HD
Hi guys, check out Long Tall Bob & Franck, lots of great tracks on their site.
Your accounts been hacked. Your spamming me
I find, are impractical in social situations, but I enjoy wearing them a great deal on stage
- hello eyeemgoph - if you can send locations / intersections that still have my signs - I will be more than happy to remove them!
is dealing with extremely limited connectivity in Northern Michigan. Grrrr. Do they think the internet is a fad up here?
you got it
I need a really close female to talk too
#1 star tonight --> Timmy Thomas! #Bruins win. Woo! On to Anaheim tomorrow. Go B's!!!
In a Biography of Andy Griffith, he says doing the Andy Griffith Show was like "waking up to go home". Is your job like that?
Going to see one of my favorite local bands tonight, The Bend, in West Seattle. Excited!
I love you ! <3
sure, why not? lol
I feel good news coming from the today...
Rediscovery of "old" gear is fun! I often wonder why I stopped using some very good + "soulful" basses.I gotta go play now...bye bye!
Great day for a bike ride eh?
#IfIWonTheLotoIWould use the money for college
britt just come to school we don't care if you give us strepp we'll deal!
That's why we're the best team in football.
RT - Surprised the Patriots cut Brandon Tate. Really liked him in that New England offense.
but I need to pass that stupid class!! Ugh it sucks. I didn't start yet either.
don't be scared, its not that bad
if only this were in Boston....
they hate you too
thats something that we would have to talk about....on to the next one...i have other situations happenin rignt now
Breakfast at iHop.
A Lady In The Streets But A Freak In The Sheets ;) >>>>> <3
lost my phone in PCB, if you need me message me on FB or tweet at me for now
If you cannot find your way out of a situation find a way futher in
Use the subway for the first time!
Bwhaha. So that was the elephant in the room.
cant wait for #Angryboys this sunday!!!
I hope we are slow at work today
So now y'all OKC fans ?...im done.
I'm glad that I could help make that virtual listening possible. Now to put all I've heard into action. Bit by bit.
#DontEvenThinkAbout telling me what to do. punk.
same here
Oh good the undergrads are sleeping. Nobody disturb them in their deep thoughts.
Heat advisory, bad weather. Taxis are dependable and safe. Tell me how the ride was. Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
almost broke my phone way too many times this week...
Lovely to meet you Coreene! #ThankYou for connecting!
We're also looking for a Grill Specialist.....breakfast experience a plus
Dear people who makeout in my church parking lot, Youre not cool #findanewspot #unclassy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> Sincerely, Concerned churchgoer
My sister just broke my favorite plate. Bought it at a garage sale in Andersonville. Sigh. Another incentive to hurry up and move out lol
Got my plane ticket for Arizona next Friday. Fairly packed for Nashville. Im excited in being one step closer to this new chapter in life.
follow me please and can u shoutout me
Yes u can. you can do anything you put your little mind to. lmao
you're welcome! :) x
LOL - bummer tho, b/c its been a nice excuse for procrastinating on things I don't want to do .. :)
Sad day...leaving #palmsrpings and the warm sunny weather back to snowy
& my dad bought the steering wheel lock when that happene to him
Ozzie Guillen gives not a single solitary fuck lmao
#MentalNote: Don't do business with TD Ameritrade and continue disliking the Cubs.
thats easy lol my absolute fav is the cutie i love him so much lol
I gained 6 pounds in Philadelphia. jeez.
hell :D
If market via email, letting people opt-in is the only non-douchey option. I shouldn't have to opt-out if I never opted in.
#iq2atheism Time! Dammit. Shut up and follow the rules!!!!!
Things just fucking happen all the time, and I guess it'll become ether for me. Who knows.
My homegirl leaves me a message, telling me to call her when I get done eating...called her when I got done and she didn't answer.
that FG is huge, too.
Enjoying my last days of freedom... Ah real life is coming!!!
Host Fred @ Fat Face Fenner's Fishack / F's open mic says the Coyotes are in the Top 5 best performers to F'S !
do it me to <3 beach tomorrow :)
After an hour of interrogation, we're in Canada!
yep tell him I sunt ya
hahah na babes every other girl can have him all about the music for me plus im taken ;)
oh nob hill. Just a few more months.
Guardian Title Holiday party tonight at Santos in Middleburg Hts.- amazing time! Thanks to all our beloved customers for making it possible!
Some people really do want you to go in on them. So much in life is clearly pre-meditated.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.” <U+2015> Rumi
How big is the frying pan?
I agree totally on KJ & the city's side on this. They should build a PNC sized ballpark if San Jose falls thru for the A's.
Man idec I did nothing wrong anyways. *SHRUGS*
Con't - we still have so much to learn up there! Because when things are so sad down here, we need to look up for something bigger than us.
Smokin Tunes music festival & BBQ cook-off in the works to launch in 2012. TuneTees music themed custom tees right around the corner...
Headed home tommorow morning.
sup with all this old music my homie?
YMCA it's been way too long
What text analytics tools can anyone recommend to extract RDF from Word documents?
One of my "kids" wrote me, said I was spamming. Truth is, I have been involved in a web venture, also. Send a lot of tweets about it.
"Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans." John Lennon
So yeah I'm on a hunt for book binding materials cuz I just bought a binding press . Yeah !
it's nice when the puppet master enjoys his work
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for all you Bettys who appreciate Bettys! Amateur Night begins at midnight....Registration from 10pm-11pm...
lol.. I'm just saying.
Showers always make me sleepy.
Good for him. Outclassing some others there.
WHERE ARE YOU
man, why do i hate eating broccoli so much?
why thank you! my blog is definitely in its infancy. your site is awesome. these pendants are beautiful!
Can't wait to see party pics and hear this great news!
try the Mango! A wise man told me it is the secret productivity weapon.
“: shoutout to #BeardGang”<-- back at ya
just rode the bmx all the way to bayshore to see finn and he WASN'T THERE. my asshole is like prolapsing right now
this is like putting chocolate on the table in front of a kid and telling him it's totally delicious... But also poison
We're putting most of our energy into our other twitter account that has wider appeal: Be sure to follow!
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. – Aristotle
KABOOM RT : #USC receives the commitment of Joliet (Ill.) four-star running back Ty Isaac Tuesday.
This should be interesting ....
You can't love them into loving themselves.
Can't wait until my lease is up and I won't have to deal with huge problems that shouldn't even be an issue!
Very Important Quote !:“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” ~ Seth Godin
A massive thank u to my friend, sister, & lover for coming 2 hang @ Open Mic tonite! <3
Hi #s12tot - I'm from the University of Virginia, old friend of your teacher.
i have a couple songs to finish today and a video to do for monday some really good songs coming up:)
Yes I know Jason Crouch. Looking forward to your tweets!
You are the colors you chose.
There's 'acting earnest for the sake of humor' and then there's what Corey Feldman is doing in this movie.
It was a nice sentiment! Thank YOU!
Thanks for the #FF love!! Have a great weekend!
I agree--i have too, mainly through work.
What u on fam? What's good?
I'm a cop u idiot
Chick with Lauren Hill blaring out your nose: Turn it down or get a decent pair of headphones.
thinking about being zombie massage therapists this halloween. hey, the undead need some relaxation too, right? Happy Halloween weekend!
“: I need to get the hell out of douglasville” yeah u do!!!!
We do! What're you brewing in there?
That's Fairmont HS for you right?
thank you for the RT!
scouted him many times. Closer. Good pressure on QB. Ran a 4-3, had hand in dirt. Gets low to ground.
g what's up
Realizing that as of Thursday, I haven't seen or worked with in over an entire period.
very entertaining! Howard Stern is amazing!
Thank you Steve for Transforming our future!
Closing nite for "Witness for the Prosecution." Round of applause for director and the cast.
thanks darling
I would be pissed off if I was a New York fan. There is no reason that the NBA & NHL have to schedule both teams at same time
Big co's advertised on Rush Limbaugh show and didn't know it. Expect audits of ad placement. Who is hawking your product?
This nigga said he was from Long Beach but couldn't remember what st. I never heard him say #CityByTheSea #Thabeach #LB #BeachCity SUSPECT
Just shows how lovely a fully competitive league really can be
SO disappointed with the final of the Westminster Dog Show! 6 Great dogs & the judge chose THAT? Makes you wonder...
<U+200E>"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." Must...do...things...differently...from....now...on..
I wish I could have a shirt that says that!!!
Sun inscence! Is the best
Allegro performed in Cleveland Ohio on June 12 --now onto Akron Ohio on July 9 for another Italian festival. www.allegrodancecompany.net
DEFINITION OF GIG - Gig is a term commonly used by musicians with reference to their performances.
Are you on ? We are! Follow us at visitplano.
Haha I know, I was all dressed up yesterday...but today was museum day and I was in the hood.
I'm Going To Teleport Myself To My Dreams..Its Just A Matter Of Time Now...
Retweet this and I'll give you a shoutout!!
i was so hungry that i bought some greasy ass #bojangles...then smashed, now i regret it :(
The Mudhoney Papers
In the morning: thesis defense. Now: "Duane Barry" (X-Files s2e5).
I remember when I woke up with a black eye
This last week of school has been great!
Brass Monkey
going 2 Apple Hill with the family, it should be pretty fun. the apple&pumpkin pies r downright delicious. then going shopping later! (:
thanx for the Whitney video, you said it plain and simple..
Grading is finally done. First year completed. Now to write and start packing.
Be thankful for what the Moms do today they are not perfect and life without them would be so hard...
Thanks! Happy Friday to you too!
don't be jeals ;-)
This is a verified account, folks RT Had some really good meat loaf for a late dinner.
Just made it back. #sleepy!
Now I'm excited. XD
"Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful."
who is getting boot on Idol?
Y U NO work well with Safari?
The world belongs to nice people!!!!
Way to go!
Don't you mean 20,000?
Cookie Dough ^.^
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> RT : Already started drinking!!!!! Our night has begun!!!!!!!
nope, they aren't worth it at all. Deceiving indeed!
Internet Marketing Inc. Begins Its Summer Internship Program
Whatever. I've waited long enough. Going to bed...
May the 4th be with you!
Perhaps of lack of creativity.
RT : Bombshells at the with cool Chihuly tribute in yarn
D-E-Z a street nigga, betta check the resume/ I ain't pay my dues,now thats sumn they could never say
No one single audition will make or break your career unless you suck.
I Can't Stop - Flux Pavilion #nowplaying #over and over... I Can't Stop
Your avi keeps switching...showing different levels of hotness LMAO!
End of April was found
Explaining a teapot pouring/is an answer to an answer./I sip to make it dissapear.
is performing LIVE tonight from 7-11pm
I'm playing at Mickey's on Williamson at 10pm - I'll be in town early to play on radio and an open mic too
what will u do today that u do today (that u've wanted 2 do for awhile) ?
U remind me of a girl that i once knew
we had this test today and I had like 6 D's in a row so I was like "SCREW THIS! I DONT GIVE A CRAP!" smh
Thinking about the cruelty of the commercial farming industry is enough to make me go veggie again
don't let him talk to you like that! RT : Bout to pull the robbery on bryans girl!
I love
hi boo....miss you a loto
I have no beers in my fridge...
Inter Milan vs. Milan 1-0, Milan is playing shitty
SIN SPECIALS! 1/2 OFF TAP BEERS & $3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Going to bed, I want this piece of shit day to end.
I just missed about a $400 exacta at the derby, but at least I got the win
Tilda = Flock of Seagulls. But I ADORE HER.
i'm so bad at talking
Just put out the baskets and amazingly all the bags of candy equally divided into three. Sucks for he was planing on extra
Listening to Joe ... If I was your man... Loving it!
ON MY JOURNEY HOME. Now available. End of life care thru the eyes of your loved one on a end of life event.
I honestly thought today was Thursday. What the fuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lol.
RT : Want to have instant retweet success at #cl11? Complain about Cisco Licensing #fail. And boom goes the dynamite. > LOL
agree, if you link #QRcodes to a desktop formatted site then go home and pull out a record listen to it backwards
& Hello Followers.
Still uploading pix from chocolate making party to fb- had such fun- will tweet when complete
you mean choir?
I can't have it idling low on me all the time
#cnfdntl will be out soon, 4/20 is the day so keep an eye out for a bunch of new shit from myself and
Obama just came out in full support of gay marriage! how excited are you?!
Improptu Alpha night with the Green Book. Everyone should see it. Great actors.
where are you?????
i guess my little brother thinks he ne-yo in the shower lol he going in on that song...lmao
: Just a couple rows back from the windows, but watching on tv... Typing like crazy!
Little brother and their new Orange uniforms will have plenty of excuses. Davidson can beat UL.
Shout Out 2 & 92BPM! Big Up!
not yet. but i have a few concepts and ideas in mind ;)
"Increasingly, the mass marketing is turning into a mass of niches." - Chris Anderson, Author of The Long Tail
yup. Thought that there would be more mobile implications—unless I missed those...
lol just finished my 6 page what you writing about?
Well not really I just felt like saying that cause you got punched
RT "The beneficiaries of a system cannot be expected to destroy it" -A. Philip Randolph
me! What room r u fellas in?
Despite attacks on pub. ed, most teachers do their job & make the lives of kids better. I think a sleeping giant is about to awake
dude just watched food inc last night. learned stuff; appreciated the grossout factor. wish narrative thread had been tighter
Looking forward to Eric Jennings show Bella's Pizzeria tonight 7-11PM!!!
follow me
Hang over with the Ninja Turtles. I love it lol
it's coo it ain't big tho haha
how many sacks you going for this year, bruh?
“The best way to complain is to make things.” - James Murphy
Paul Martin on the ice for all 3 Boston goals tonight LOL
Passed near tonight. That guy's all right.
Hey, I just met you...and this is crazy..but here's my number..so call me, maybe?! 'Morning America!! 8 hours till #OccupyTequila kicks off!
i made the freakin west volleyball team ! i'yes
Forget it. Everytime KU has a chance to take the lead they can't quite get there. Been tied and down by 1 but KU manages to screw it up.
#SkySAN is a flexible & interchangeable technology that allows users to upgrade w/ ease. Learn more here: bit.ly/mYuMC2
lol what's wrong
Get excited at the Vol De Nuit Belgian Beer Lounge. #skejidea via of
Today is going to be a long day...
why you think I Tweeted it LOL.....I keeps it real over here my mans....
today what got me out of bed is wondering how much media mail costs.
Do me a favor and DON'T flirt with my boyfriend. #k ?
Will be in Singapore International furniture Fair on March 9th.
Bet that is leftover trash from Wheatley's party on Friday. Should have put trash in the school's dumpster not in park!
This cloud 9 feeling. :D
smells so good. What is that scent? just came to :)
The secret is staying fueled w/ complex carbs that release a slow, steady stream of glucose. Is that right ?
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
Yup, always true. I wish everyday was "Take Your Cat to Work Day." RT I wish my cat was here.
as in viral
1 more day before winter break... and our honeymoon to Mexico!
dm your order number, well get it sent
Congrats to fellow Boilermaker, !!
NASCAR is worse. ": Hearing more eff-bombs at this motocross than an Al Pacino movie marathon. Wow lol. #yxj"
haha I love leg?!;)
so all the parts are annoying at night? Good thinking Anna...
I'm good :) what are you doing??
Food Fact of the Day: May 11, 1934 The Dust Bowl. One of the worst dust storms ever to hit the Great Plains occurred. It lasted for 2 days
And why is my wifi effin up.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
A tongue may have no bones , but it can break hearts.
I didnt even giggle
Rad. I'm going to try and go. The Features are in town the same night (of course). TN takes over #RVA I'm set with tix.
Sorry, I should have left that alone. I have much more vivid memories of your pink Members Only jacket, anyway.
How is your week going?
girl you better get to working! I don't wanna be with sorry ass people every day
I've got a fantastic "Women in Tech" role model, Heather Hiles, CEO of #edtech start-up cc:
Social is the shift away from traditional marketing -- the let's see who can shout louder game -
indeed, Thank You!
Received my camp ska-no-ka-san letter today
What a bad baseball game, Marlins vs. Nationals, as a Former Montrealer I can't root for either! UGH!
so join us tomorrow your are invited 2years yeh!
This having actual paying work + having a weekly class + having a kid with a mysterious injury + not sleeping well for months thing. Yeah.
Friday evening through Sunday, City Hall. Even if you don't come for the whole weekend, you should drop by Friday to socialize
Anyone remember, "My Date With the President's Daughter"?
It's still not ok, but when you look at the entire play I really don't think Artest was maliciously trying to elbow Harden in the head.
The nights past so much quicker than the days did..
#movers available at Your request!!! There is usually 1-2 trucks available everyday to make a last-minute move! Working on weekdays/weekends
#Brewers pitcher Chris Narveson had surgery today to repair his left labrum & rotator cuff (Dr. William Raasch). Recovery time is 9 months.
Remember Sunset Island Music trades under the stock symbol SIGO
IM SO tired night!!<3
Im done had my last one today It didn't cheer me up so I'm over them
and he's no longer muttering. full on speech and commentary, folks. (@ the intersection of scared and amused)
We Are the World above Blonde on Blonde? Come on now..
Gotta love this sunshine. Portland looks like socal right now. Get out and enjoy it
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
Both structural & relaxation massage are better than usual care for LBP. Massage is great, it doesn't matter what you call it!
Doing great! It was wonderful-thanks! How r u?
yeah omg. It's on the candy one.
was in Albuquerque tonight???
According to the 2010 Census, there are currently about 16.3 million public school students in grades 9 to 12 in the United States.
lol love u!
Appreciate the encouragement! *Tweeting virtual truffle brownies to you*
TGIF, what a fucking week. My Medcard expires tomorrow :( gotta pay the 30 buck renewel LAME!
dude! iCarly is lucky to have you. congrats! RT : How is every winner of the Kids Choice Awards not pizza?
I'm about to have lunch with my second grader at his school :)
"If you haven't slept on a couch for awhile, you aren't chasing your dreams hard enough" -Wilson Better
Seabreeze was a blast and we don't have any big events coming up for a few weeks. It's a welcomed change having a breather!
im so #tired like hell :)
": I will be front and center :-)" I know you are and thank you for the support!!
I only have one more week of summer school!!!!!!!!
Cum c me perform at Broadway comedy club on Nov 18th at 700pm in nyc watch me do my sinbad thing
"Like" my status if you like Free Ticket Friday! txt "Jam" to 69822 when you hear "Moves like Jagger' before 10am
Shoutout to for the hookup... Old & Gray by Maps & Atlases is great!
Great to see you at the game on Saturday!
Rather an hour early than a minute late.
Two things I hate doing at work: getting a call from the president and taking a shit
It accomplishes something that is rare in CA, it stops the collection of a fee that has been in place for close to 20 years
Low Anthem putting on the best opening show I've ever seen.
“:When you meet the boys:Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at home'' and walk away like a boss.” THIS
why it makes it so hard to plan, plans need to rely on ppl making right calls (est. roles & responsibilities)
Good morning! I only have 3 days left of school! Yay! :]
Watching Transformers marathon somebody HMU ;)
Green Room mattresses for the guys not selected tonight? But I am happy Brady Quinn has someone to talk to in there.
So...my other account is broken for a bit it seems. If you wanna chat, write me here.
#BathroomTweet its officially a problem
#JustinAndJohnson yea buddy !
Yeah, I doubt any NFL team takes a chance on him. I'm sure he's at least a year a way from being in any kind of shape, anyways.
No more goats!!!
share the WiFi info, please?
's New Single 11:11 Is On Replay! I Love It.I Got Yelled At By A Teacher For Playin It Too Loud..It Was Worth It :)
Why, oh why, would you have been on that wagon?! Got you covereDD now.
Looking forward to great weekend of training in Charlotte NC! See y'all there!
...saying that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again ~ Lk 24:7
There are still 2 of my Payton ppl who I haven't seen since I moved...wtf is going on.
Judge a book by its cover.
Good Morning! What a wonderful productive week so far. Keeping up the momentum! How's your week so far?
It's been hours and I STILL have the images of that chapter in my head. Total chaos and my heart just sank. A total nightmare!
En route to see my <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5> baby mama
Jets now have the 2 worst passing QB's.
I would like to personally thank all of the veterans this Veterans day for their bravery in defending our lives. Thank you
The fact that most people didn't understand Paul's Boutique only made me love it more.
Substitution, USA. Robbie Rogers replaces Michael Bradley.
has no friends because hes a ginger and is too exotic...like ranch dressing. ;)
Zayn dancing with his friends tho.... I guess his hips don't lie either. M
It's going to be a great Tuesday in Denver, CO.
yep, exactly my thinking. U can improve your artistic ability, but the time needed to improve compared 2 coding is exponential
- Ha! What?… Well, I guess those last 3 articles may have been pretty nerdy, I guess… :)
Lol he's already wearing it that night ;)
who wants to know what I look like
came home after a run and found a pizza and a box of popeyes waiting for me. really!?! i'm destined for obesity.
what's the point of that, i ask you?
WHY did they wave Byrd in from 3rd
ate too many trader joe's vanilla cookies
Grateful the reported barrage of "nasty blogs" about me has subsided.
No, because it is singularly awesome
Bad betch central
MTV First: Taylor Swift
When you start using #HashTags in your text messages don't expect a text back from me...
from experience fish! specifically, betta fish. they are impossible to kill. hamsters smell and apparently bite...oops.
RT Monday's promotion is: 2 for 1 pasta entrée!(choose from: sofia bella, marinara, pasta fresco, or pesto alfredo)
"People relate to specifics, not generalities. Give specific quirks, and we see ourselves in them."-Todd Mitchell
i hate when people make me want to stab them in the arm with a spoon. stop being annoying and disappointing.
Wish I was on campus for #MarylandDay, looks like it will be incredible.
are u guys going to restock on the low 11s or CAV 4s
I think we should all do one big reunion at scorps instead of designating one house to meet at...right?
all the whispering, feels like you're hiding in an attic in the netherlands.
- Thanks for the follow!
#np BO$$ - For The Love feat. J.R. Str8 Barz
Or should his new nickname be shark? Cause he's mean sometimes. Or maybe dolphin?
Raggs.com is having a contest looking for 100 kids ages 3-7 to win a chance to be on the show,just by being kids
Saw a sign that said "don't drink and drive during the holiday." I guess people are hitting communion hard this year?
#LiveMusic today at 5 with Chris Johnson..... Come see us!!!
Just go up to watch the f1 race. Hope its good !!! Have a good people on twitter
RT : Roti Hiring Event. Tue, May 8th. 2pm–4pm @ 10 S. Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL. Hiring Team Members and Shift Managers.
Thank you, Same to you!
Curious to see what he does this year!
I look up to you as a smart and educated black woman and i know you can help the brother out. am sure u not like that.
On the #BTOP express back to bwi after #midcourse. Thanks for a great conference!
#nwill2011 Tips to start: pick low-hanging fruit. Match tool to desired outcome. Don't feel like everything has to be interactive. Plan!
omg DAY 2??!! You're amazing.
This is really sad lol #Lakers its gne b a short series aha....bt it may nt Never Count Kobe Out!!!!
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
HOT NEW PRODUCER... #BeatsonDeck For samples...send me ya email
Ralph would also say why choo-choo choose Groce? Clearly a panic hire. Nobody wanted the job. Alums are embarrassed.
First night of camp and feeling like this :/
Dear thanks for the bad ass white LED street lights in Marlborough Mesa! High tech!
Sounds good. Have a Happy Easter.
Your at your worst, your more beautiful than your best.
Were on iTunes! Buy our EP!
Drinking straight Skyy. Help
In my 1st 2,000 tweets, I did not: tweet my privates, create an international incident, enrage my wife. Can I stay so well-behaved?
Yes. /: Brundun, help me. Where are you? Mag Lab?
yay!! #go bulls
so weird u didn't talk to me 4months and now u cal my boyfrïenð and ask abut me
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, Author
need a tan yo
im actually on thiss.
it will be a jolly time.
now it is
Joe Paterno is lucky he's not leaving Penn State for the state Pen
#NW Duck Dynasty
I did that one time and the girl didn't remember me!
it would be worth the 18 hr drive for a dole whip! :-)
i will <U+E113> thst mf and <U+E311> his<U+E036> if that mf doesnt check his <U+E00A> <U+E00D><U+E00D><U+E00D>
Yesterday was amazing! Drum to a heartbeat!<3
Who's been to MOCA 4 Mike D's exhibition? Any tips 4 a visit? Best time to go or other exhibits 2 view bf/after?
Fasten your seatbelt for the next 5!
ERIN! I miss you woman! (:
hey there, can you follow me so I can DM you my email? Thanks!
Fishbowl II with virtuoso clarinetist Bill Kalinkos was an incredible success. SO glad to see all the new faces!
Oh damn.
Rizzle Stay Arguing With EARL!
How to Protect Yourself from The Evil Eye by Kathryn Vercillo
Jon we all poke fun with puns & stuff when it come to our teams. The type of stuff people tweet like that is ridiculous.
Awesome, Praise God!
ABP Copy is a great place to work!
needs to stop writing songs about my life. Haha.
I commented on the post. I was critical, but you bring up some good points. I certainly wasn't expecting your take, tho! :)
SHOUT TO MY NIGGA ! WE GON BE IN WESTPORT PUB DOIN IT BIGG - COME MESS WIT US - CAN'T FIND ME-LOOK FOR THE T20 BANNER
LOL - lets not even go to the second rule...
going to the game tonite with friends, Let's go Chilling in Vegas!!!! Welcome to Las Vegas ladies!! Go Chill Go!!
Everything is going very well. I'm tryin to live it up and do it big. That's all I can do. Glad to hear youre doing well. :-)
Shouldn't an actor join AFTRA just after booking an AFTRA TV show?
really wanting something more
youre the man my friend. we're thinking of doing a Do Dinner tomorrow night in London. you in?
It's hard to be confidant in oneself when all people want from is sex and sex alone. Aren't I worth more then that? Sigh...
Just 3 more likes to 900 :)
I wish i can go!! but I can't. xxxloveyousomuch
RT : If you had to move to a state besides the one you currently live in, where would you move? >No where but Texas!!!
networking, trying to get in touch with every female r&b artist out. HELP!!! Lol
when in Ukraine why was everything served with onions?curious watching no reservations.love the show by the way(:
have i ever said this before ?- i wish i was part of family god i love him flakito chulo i miss you !!! hugs and kisses ;-)
The Nuggets play against the Utah Jazz tonight at 10:30 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
Unless the message said I want your naked body. THAT'S ME!
...Also because they have the same size limbs.
O'Reilly is slashed IN THE FACE leaving a blood trail to the bench, and no call. What do the have to do to get a PP this season?
I want an inertia canceller for Christmas!
This girl tweets are starting to piss me off. Don't be rude to/about MJ's fam but claim u love MJ to death. U know he wouldn't accept that.
Vanessa Hudgens Straddles Boyfriend Austin Butler Poolside (PHOTOS) Whoa, PDA overload! Confusing the resort ’s patio as their own priv
Andrew Bynum is weird.
Failure lies not in falling down. Failure lies in not getting up. ~ Chinese Proverb
new york, gives me a massive headache!! i heart ypsi
The lord always makes a way outta no way I swear
- thanks for the shout out! Cheers!
Not gonna lie, I was jealous for a minute there!
I promise to love you forever, every single day of forever…
If you have a short or a web-series to promote, tweet at us, we'd love to see it!
Good question! RT Which is harder? Changing physicians or patients behavior?
just saw this. email me!
For a beer-swillin rockin good time, we suggest you check out Lucero tonight at
when some fit lad accepts your friend request then messages you saying 'hey do i know you?' and then thinking of an excuse
Any idea who they hired? It has been hush hush as any I have ever seen.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Thank you deja(:
The TEDtalk and the David clip convinced me.
Tonight: Janice Yoes Studio Recital @ Stella Boyle Smith Concert Hall, 7:00PM. The public is invited, admission is free. music.uark.edu
NU option pass | That was pathetic series | Back down by 10 points |
&#39;The Expendables 2&#39;: All-star cast feature in explosive first trailer
Yeah, that totally happens when you don't follow people huh? They simply unfollow you. Telling everyone you don't follow?
And we love our Grandma!
Nicely done. “: owning a cat seems to be fairly standard. Haven't met many that couldn't hold their liquor.”
Crazy 3 months & LOTS of music written. Thursday is golf w/ Wahoo!
Whats you're worst grammar mistake pet peeve; hint; its obvious their are several in this sentence!
yo its all good ahk, thanks for the well wishes, ... im doing a show in the g in may
Wait after the credits of "Battleship" there's still more.
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone(:
everywhere I looked yesterday I saw a Capital Bikeshare bike! I love it though and think it is faboosshh for madre earth ;)
I have a cousin like thaat too . Shes so annoying
Hey with all the money Crean makes at IU shouldnt he be able to afford a better haircut? Even a mullet would be better
You haven't taught for a while, have you? ;)
Is #Izzo going to be the next #Cavs coach? WWW.ussportspages.com
must stop with these sad tweets. I don't think any of us can handle it!
My dad's first mistake this morning is going to church w.o me, his second was leaving the hair clippers where I can see them.
All for the love of money
Morning! You can't beat a #Subway breakfast melt and coffee when it comes to getting the day started. Bring it, Wednesday. Bring it.
Calling my phone like I can do something for you. Honestly I'm doing worst than you.
Do you guys still have a getglue sticker? I'd like to get it!
you're stretching too fast -_-
I could watch Say Yes to the Dress all day.
happy reunion give it a "make-up" tuning
All servers are operational. Please follow and DM your acct info so that we can look into this. ^CB
Any friends want to hang out in vegas while I am in town this week to the 15th?
Just heard about a great internship opportunity relating to medical research in the Boston area.
i knew IT! hahah
just got out of shower gosh everyone's a critic
Michael Manganiello: NCATS gives patients hope,
Rehearsal in Times Square today. Hoping the snow/ice let me make it home tomorrow.
"We'll continue this dialogue to the extent that students find it valuable." -- whether 10 or 75 students show up.
I'm paranoid..
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the person that loves you.
Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people.
Special guest appearance? alrighty then
The 3 Ms: Meaningful, Memorable, and Motivational. via Michael Allen
yea yea. Did he tell you why?
Compliance and social media CAN be friends. Well, maybe frenemies
I am very empathetic. My wife has been through a lot of medical problems.
a kid in India hates you at this very moment
Rubio, Walker, Cantor, Ryan, Issa, Preibus...they are all the same. Blah, blah. Is there an original thought in those collective pea brains?
Rondo is killing! Fingerprints all over this game. Assists, steals, impact.
I'm tired of being horny all the time!!! Ugh!!!
RT : Under no circumstance should somebody let their friendship/relationship end after hearing a petty rumor.
Is it normal? Or time to get back to a doc & ck it out? You've had some stressful assigns lately... Glad you're back on Twitter
WUDUP DOE, CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND OFFICIAL VIDEOS
In addition to pledging $5 million forthe victims in Japan,GE is matching $ for $ donations from its employees and retirees
its no one's business really haha.
YOLO man!!! Yeaahhh party all night yeeahhh!!! #ThumbsDown *fart noise with my mouth* ....idiots.
are you happy with CrashPlan so far?
What do you know about eating bacon? What about Ms. Piggy?
being a fag right now stealing stephinies food
I hate when people brag about money they know they inherited and act like thier balling off of money they earned
I so love an authentic political debate free from sensationalism and anger. Therefore, I hate election season.
That awkward moment when you try to pass sombody the blunt but they not look'n so you hit again & they turn they head so as you hit it
Pretty sure I love my life right now:)
LMAO at people who are at the gym for less than 30min and don't do anything....if you aint hurtin, it aint working!
No officer, my speech is not slurred. I am just speaking in cursive.
Welcoming our Concept Art for Videogames and Photoshop workshops students this a.m. w/ the infamous Manny Carrasco as their instructor!
Hey I'm creating this see jane rock fan twitter to let everyone know about See Jane Rock!
i speak my truth with compassion
RT have often asked the same question about a dance RT Whats the size threshold @ which a dot becoms a polka dot?
Okayy I Just Followed You
They do. They have to. The line is just too crazy otherwise. I could see a riot starting if given the opportunity. Lol
Not even a thought! * wiping sweat off forehead* I thought you were going to step up!!! JK
Taking off for the gym...so beautiful out right now
Your the sex, or at least the blow job.
I am such a loser I only have 66 followers can somebody help me!!
is working on the marketing plan for next month's release of HellHouse's "Economic Stimulation" DVD
thanks boo (: “: Happy birthday to my boo <3”
I Was Just Singing What I Was Reading, Cause I'm #CoolLikeThat .
so so :D is it correct if I say " Yo soy mahomie. Austin es tan lindo. " ? :D
She sucked my dick and then swallowed it an put the cock back in my jeans... Nasty
Even while about to die, Tyler Jon Tyler still cheers me up. Zombies gnawing bone. not ready to die.
I want you to know how I feel<3
Everyone starts out a beginner. The most important step is to begin. Get up, get moving, do something healthy today!
Yeah, u need a shower flow, u STINK!!! I can smell u all the way from CCity...lol;-)
If Twitter had a like but this would get thumbs up RT : All in!!
first time here-sound system is awesome!
you are right and depending on your definition of active im likely guilty of it too. working to improve everyday though
listening to your,music..
I love to sleep when it's stormy.
hey girlie(: u were all up on my man today!
does not show links when they are shared from individual to group. can this be fixed?
why does she ignore me? I just wanna say hi<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
wondering if we will see Melo in today's #cuse game...
1st free drink is for Zipsters only but you can still join and sign up at our happy hour!!
Welcome new luvs: ! Thanks for following!
It's definitely worth a try! Thanks!
I would way rather sleep than go out with friends. #LazyProbz #WaitWhatFriends ?
After that I'll head to Florida where it's quite steamy. “: Vegas in June should be quite crispy”
good morning(:
valid like salad
You may not remember this, but exactly one year ago you briefly CEASED TO EXIST.
got fucked up in starcraft today
Romans 13:1-3 says to "submit to governing authorities," but speak out w/ candor & grace when God calls you to do it.
I might celebrate #NationalMargaritaDay with a glass of wine.
It would take that much money to get me to live in Indianapolis.
I don't think you'll function well for much longer. Go get some sleep! <U+2665>
party over here wooop wooop! Lol happy birthday boo ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Did anyone else notice tht Florida 3 definitely should have been a 2
>>same!! Stayin on it workin on some new material
It's lesson-plan-writing time. How does one summarize Parkes on Anglicana/Secretary in 30 seconds?
waiting for friends to go to the beach. I'm gonna meet the sea again.
Why do babymoma ask me for shit? If her man the shit! Not right!
Just had a great convdrsation with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter. See you soon KAC!
Preparation of documents relating to annual meetings of public and private corporations.
RT : They could make a dope college game if they invested in it as much as they do in college football
comcast has 50mbit service available now ($100/month), and announced 150mbit by the end of the year. *drool*
Did you go to the #Chiefs draft party tonight?
I need an adrenaline rush right now..
I wish I was apart of whatever and is talking about
At least I get this sweet Quattro Quarterly magazine and can keep up with the latest in the aftermarket Audi work.
Kansas City has lost 11 in a row. Seems like it would be mean to make fun.
I mean that was embarrassing even for his standards
I will never be a bridesmaid in a wedding. I can't stay still too long, and you have to stand up in one spot for a long time.
New video up at the #PeaceCorps blog; part of an interview with returned #SouthAfrica volunteer Michelle Bond. www.suddenwalk.com
Only a few days. But the legend will live for centuries.
6'6 my a$^ lol yall in the best buy classic right??
excuse me I'm grown lmfao
Finance class = struggle bus
I'm hungry. What to eat?
Nope default install. It opens the image once PS is open, but not launch+open image. This happens in CS5.X and CS6.
damn that's cold
Heh, I had them as a late night snack.
okay thanks(:
They talkin shit behind my bitch back gotta be talkin bout her fat ass!
RT : Kudos to the PSU students who raised $10.68M for THON charities. Great way to show the world what defines you.
hey whats ur CP name!!! i will add you
some are less surprising than others
"It shoulda been you, Gordon." /tears
My knicks look good tonight!
About to read The House of the Scorpion a second time.
Looking forward to getting back in the studio
I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you, must have been fate.
The breakfast club
really? The race card?
Me too. Mine came back quickly - I hope the same for
I need to make sure I have everyone RSVP send me ur mgr info.
Snow Snow and more snow
When it does happen...
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
I've been anticipating #LAL for awhile now homie. I know its going to be dopeness.
hey! Thanks for the RT!!!!
“: N wat order would u fight these niggas brue lee ali mike tyson n kimbo”----kimbo,ali,mike then Bruce lee
I love playing mind games with a guy that thinks he's the one playing mind games.
Agreed! Loved the quotes. RT : killed it. Great presentation!
gotsta be a hoot w 5 mfkrs sharing 1 account ;) jstnmfnhgn i lub me some sat morning musings in my undies..twattin iz fun..what up tonight?
#fredwilson says "I always thought children learned color theory from their mothers."
Today i cured cancer and aids! Then i woke up and ate some cereal!
I have 2 lemurian seed crystals, Awsome energy in these little babys!
Thank you David Fincher for yet another just awesome film. Social Network for best pic! You are so due.
Nice meeting you tonight. Great Job!
No just last night. Drew will be playing next week, McGee will not!
But I guess things change when you start hanging out with different people and become a typical douche bag...
Ha! That little whippersnapper needs to shut his mouth!
it's true, the heat are soft and flop all the time Vogel is right, wade just fell down reading this
pink dolphin? .... Oh my. Austin I love you.
Thanks - hope you have a marvelous week :-)
i miss my baby girl!!
I'm opening a bottle of wine and drinking the whole thing
The letter that I got from today was awesome
"same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums"... Lil Kim
You're never alone with us! How was everything? RT : Having dinner alone.
Did U select ur TWITTER NAME 2 reflect your #GOP agenda&policies= Rob Way= #GOP Rob from Americans 2 get their Way!
- thanks for the follow!
im so confused! :')
2nite kicks off #rtbguesthost week.Brittany Tucker will be keeping 's chair warm talking w/ Jennifer Nelson
"Music is my life" - but don't let the business of show frustrate you!
Ha! But of course. What’s your amazing news?
damn the lakers cant take getting ran at all
There will several screenings every day starting on the 7th. The future depends on people like you.
yea, don't forget.
Being bored and tired is a bad combination!
My block stay hot.!
Tonight I am 'officially' a producer. I just got a packet of headshots and resumes at nbc/universal showcase
wat it dew
Today's break tweet is about the horrible tend of re-makes. I dislike them. I am no longer watching them be they Film or TV. (1/2)
Thank God for unions!
Anyone know when the 2010 Packers "americas game" will be on next.
ATTENTION PLEASE follow
Damn I got on the bus and didn't think twice. I wanted this so bad so I went and got it.
how old is Quincy Acy? dude looks #GregOden old... love the beard though.
Jus Because She Wifed Up Dont Mean She Can't Be Snatched
Sometimes I wonder if I'm someone's "dream girl"...
.. #gameplan revisions are always a must ..
Loving this simple caprese salad recipe from --
cool if a local band comes down and brings you their ep tonight? Wink nudge.
hopefully the weather improves for you. Austin rocks! I'm outta here soon ...
If I don't remember signing up for your email list and your blast is hideous, I'm not coming to your theater.
i bet you did smh but its all good though i'll get my revenge
Who washes dishes at530 am you ask....... a fuck nigga.
hope a new job on my horizon works out so I can give my new parent company minimal notice. Any recomendations 4 cleaners? Hair too. Thanks
may have ordered the #BinLaden kill, but his record re fighting #terrorism has been atrocious. #gop RT
Yay! We knew it! Mr. Lessmore it is!
Old dog, new pranks.
And while we're talking scheduling let's first look at it from the teacher's point of view regarding prep & prof learning
Being from #Alabama it warms my heart to see Alabama & #Auburn fans come together for common good #BoBikesBama #tornado victims
#CBS Boehner to reporters: when asked if leadership was quashing Issa attempt to hold Holder in contempt, he wdn't take contempt off table.
haha I would have loved to see that final <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Nabi: There are clearly people on both sides of the fence. There is no middle ground. Let's find something more appropriate.
I haven't sent you any messages until now. I would never tweet anything negative or vulgar.
Why does google translater amuse me?
when you see your friend from the gym again, will you please tell him I say hello :) clearly him and I go way back
Neat idea. I could do any month except July. My summer camp with the diabetic kids comes first then. It's my brain vacation :)
funny. Right now I don't even think I have $4 in my pocket..if I win the lottery I'll pay the whole thing
Me: "Have you heard the "no, me neither" joke? Friend: "No" Me: "me neither" Friend: ( .____.) LOOOOL
is Facebook and LinkedIn combined.. It looks 100% identical.
Jordis Unga definitely my favorite on #TheVoice girls got power in her voice!!
Don't worry; I'm sure that all of the Phish bootlegs will still be there for you to download when you're done.
At The Hidden Studio in H-Wood laying down tracks for my new EP! Also, catch me performing at BMI's Acoustic Lounge May 2nd @ Genghis Cohen!
Thank you for your support! ": watching ! you guys are leggit ;D"
Goodmorning<3 have any good dreams? :)
In the Canby area? Come by Raceway Car wash @ 851 SW 1st St. (Hwy 99 between Taco Bell & Burgerville!) All new equipment & chemicals!
Give a follow this morning and bid her farewell as it will be her last morning on
so pretty!
So glad to hear that you got a galley of GLASS!
Even tho women change.. I will always love dimes
LETS GO RED SOX!
WHAT BANDS?! if you say big time rush we can't be friends.
ikr, just been caught up!
Can't wait for the High School Youth Conservatory to start on Aug. 1.
sorry for not being sorry that I'm crowding your mind.. Maybe you should stop thinking of me
congrats to and for willing social media award. Hard to tweet with trophy in 1 hand (via )
omg forever jealous of you!! Lucky:)
Come to Bedford, our weather is bipolar!
high five
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> you rock! Thank you oh so very much!
You bet! Just announced today
omg Colleen hahaha. Men's jean shorts = JORTS
I wonder if it'll be too hot for a hoodie
have you filled out a bracket?
Great question. RT : How has reading a live-tweeted program been meaningful for you?
If you're too nice people will walk all over you and if you're too ignorant people will want nothing to do with you.
feeling good about tonight? What are the chances of being back in Salem for two national championship games in 4 months?
Hughes! Bone
Sure, but our schools never banned nuts. The article is about current young people whining. Gen X has been there, done that.
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I'll bite before I bark. Whatever that means.
you know it! Behave yourself this weekend!
Stay connected to what is happening at Summa Institute by becoming a fan on facebook.
SKC meant well but this 90-plus minute stand with nothing to view is stupid
Guess who's coming to San Diego...? Ashley Judd! She's the keynote for the YWCA's In the Company of Women event, April 16.
Ya, watch his cover of LMFAO
welcome back to twatter now get a picture
That's a bit extreme
Warning to all Industry folks - Russell Hess is bad news stay away!
Please RT! i just watched all high school musicals!
argh, damn predictive text. He's one of my faves *not* faces!
Think I'm the only 22 year old who goes to the bar alone... Wtf is wrong with this picture lol
Neither episode has aired yet.
Really enjoy your sound. Saw you guys on #purevolume ! Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the follow.
Digging the Beastie Boys Tribute at Riot Room
What is your favorite family activity while on vacation?
Since why am I cat??.. I wasn't laying on the floor with and injured paw
Don't love giving suckers to kids at stores, but it is brilliant at liquor stores. Kids are satiated and I get to time to pick good beer.
you don't?
Lmao “: I haven't received any mass text yet saying "wishing you and your family a happy women in the process of giving birth day".
Oh yes it's ladies night, and the feeling's right!
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural constraints cannot be eradicated.
this dude in front of me is following
- aw, nuts! we missed it tonight! but we're subscribed now so can't wait to get our hot little hands on some Power...
Check you out with your Friday night, on-the-scene live action shots. That's dedication.
Those fruity ice pops you put in the freezer >>>>
Today Should Be A Good Day !
i love watchin myself on camera
You ever get a pre booty call? Like at 10pm? Yeah, that'll put some wind in your sail.
Ladies, men love to get head, but if you're not committed to giving an extraordinary blow job,don't start.
I suggest a drive, let's take the back road Let's get lost, let's lose our minds
Great day yesterday with at #Empower2012 in SC
I'll try and make it out :)
You sounded great tonight! :)
The ability to turn ideas into millions genius
Bumpin Between2Worlds driving from #FtWorth to #Dallas everyday make the 45 minute commute so much better!
Save the date! April 28th we will be hosting a Mother-Son Date Knight.
One more final and then I'm out of here!
>hilarious fire montage for lame #mittromney scare tactic trying to tell people his corporate cannibalism is coming for thm
Thank you! But it's almost over! :(
thanks! Lol. -Greg
all my followers be doin music i gotta get back in the game
I just got really drunk and hid my credit cards around the house so I couldn't find them... Voila! No more spending.
The kid Diaz going to be a good fighter
The ONLY antidote for worry is action.
still kicking it down south in the mia as usual..why did u leave so soon without tellin?
I go school, I'm in college majoring Child Development.
There's rumors that 2K will boost his rating even more, but right now he's at 75. Not bad.
It was really cool seeing today <U+263A>
Why would someone straight up RT a Tweet I posted about them, dissing them? Lol retarded
is a pussy bitch
The way you ignore me is cute af.
It amazes me how my book has a life of its own. It gets sold on Amazon/Kindle to strangers and I realize it's not really "mine" anymore.
Are you joining us for dinner tonight?
20-30 dragonflies swirling around the canopy of a coast live oak outside my window for over an hour. What are they up to?
Prediction: The only thing clever or interesting about #Oscars tonight will be all the joke tweets mocking it.
lol I will
I'm so glad your whole family loves Grab The Gold! Thanks for sharing!!
Yep, lovin' it up here in WI! Lot's of snow right now.
Facebook has now turned into a press release spam filter.
oh sry for late reply. I have one question for you :D hmu when u get this :)
Y'all in love with the Raven Symone that was on the Cosby's.
LRT lmao I love Garnett. Not a player like him
10... Guys that treat you right :D <333
Good luck to and tonight -- UFC 145. Bring it home guys -- I will be cheering and watching through my fingers!
I've got Hot Sauce Committee Pt. 2 on right now.
knew you were Marxist
Trying to get some inspiration on writing a story.
I was dead from when they went to the water park last summer. I don't know what I am now.
I think we are ready for SEC ": today's title makes 38 conference championships for Texas A&M
Oh you cheated on your boyfriend. Your a real nice catch.
Just like tires on a car, improper alignment of feet can cause wear & tear 2 other parts of the body like knees hips & lower back.
Terrible call!!! Tt
are you working on a new record?
Really wish that I didn't cancel plans to try the singpath @ #PyCon #protip test your app under load and in firefox before making it public
I'm assuming it hasn't been working...
We are currently in search Commercial Litigation Associate with 3-5 years experience.
Really? That's pretty cool.
all the bitches love me!
Can't wait for the end of this month
: hi hon just had to walk out mother & sister on the warpath. Their screaming at me is too much
I already miss and .... so wish they had one year left!!!
tx 4 sharing v interesting & has similarities to Lutheran LIFT.
"Our Famous Fans can do things in one take as well as any actor." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
girl I had a blast in DC and am going back Monday morning. Then to NYC.
Your job sounds cooler.
btw, I also just picked up SW3 about a month ago. I have done everything but Muramasa Castle, unlock the Muramasa guy (dunno his
gonna play defense
Have you been reading ESPN's predictions? haha. Nearly EVERY analyst said the same thing!
Good morning. Going to start my day off with finishing up some of Mr. Zombie drawing thing....then well, go to school and draw more O_o
Christian just cuz your my brother and in Seattle dosen't mean I won't MURDER you for calling me a bitch! -_-
Shocking. I can't wait to start!
Do you think about me still ? Do you ?
3-legged pit bulls are the cutest sweetest doggies in the whole dog park (except for my doggie of course)
My '91 Toyota Corolla, Shadowfax, died today. Rest in peace you beautiful, problematic, tiny car. Rest in peace.
Aw, I've met them before and my friend was with them so Liz called to say hi! :)
San Jose looks strong...
So tired
Umm... I hope you are having a great day. Mine fucking sucks.
decaf or regular?
Got burned playing kite-sand-football-frisbee on Pajaro Dunes Sat. Next time wear a hat & SPF 50 even tho it's 69 deg & overcast.
Advantages of Outsourcing Bookkeeping Services ... - The Coal Blog
Will you be in NYC at all?
Ribbon Naturals will be donating 100% of all internet sales for the entire month of November to help save the Dolphins of Taiji Japan.
I shoulda fought him today...STILL PISSED
Its great to see that Arain Foster is so humble about his new contract.
"Above all else, deep in my soul, I'm a tough Irishwoman." -- Maureen O'Hara
Okay who do you think will end up as Marilyn on ? I'm hoping for Ivy. No spoilers from the East!
I just want you to know you trully are a good friend :)
please define affordable...If by that u mean >B$800 debt, w/ >B$270 30days delinquent or more, then yes you are correct
rings of war?
bummer :( it's usually me missing it though. Weird twist of fate that this was a kidfree night.
been doing fine ! Good social media sessions!
you're welcome
Just finished a great call with Keep an eye out, she's got some awesome things on the horizon...
Goona pass Nadal for 2nd in the world rankings
make sure you follow too!
Pastry in las vegas
Thanks for the RTs! & have a great meeting.
Don't we all? “: I wish I was Jeremy Lin.”
Breaking News - President Obama says he will never release the photos of Osama Bin Laden's Corpse.
When People Trust You... <U+2665> #Confident , #Love , #Happy ... I'll be there for them when in need <U+2665> Muah!
Final Pre-Draft Thoughts: The Draft Isn't For Window Shoppers - Mile High Report (blog)
I'm drained.
easily my top 5. Up there with Refused, Ghost of 1000, Torche, Minor Threat etc.
yup and I typically dread getting up for school but here I am lol
I am ready for the snow!!
june 1st but def im gonna spray tan for prom !
thats where I need to be!
If you have a strong enough "WILL" anything is possible real talk
Thanks, Lisa, love you too. Speaking of inspiring, are you coming to Listen to your Mother?
cirqa is coming to NYU and Pace! Stay tuned!
Yes it is! what a disappointment ! sweet dreams or try at least after this series lol
- I figured Jorja... just being a smart..um...you knw what! lol!
"Like" this if you're also guilty of ordering the exact same thing every time!!
Listening to tree frogs, breeze in the palms, water through the sand. Rastafari
Sacrifice is something we must all do if we want to reach our goals. It really doesn't matter what your goals are.
I agree. is sincere and is taking steps on infrastructure. Not all media/marketing. We need to applaud champions!
thats not nice!!
Little kids are great because you can laugh at their stupidity and they have no idea you're blatantly laughing at them.
Envisasearch is looking for web designers in the Cleveland, Ohio area to join our team. Ask about it at .
Woo let's have another debt ceiling standoff. Love those.
#truth RT: Studying during #MarchMadness = Potential midterm fail.
great article, thanks for sharing
how is it legal for Netflix to do this?
Anyone upgrading to a nook SimpleTouch with Glowlight?
I miss you too Carrot Top! Lol RT : I really miss you, Freckles!!.
We NEED Old Toys, Kid Clothes, Dress Up Ware, Dishes, Youth Books, any Scratch Paper, Newspapers, etc. All donations WELCOME. see website
Anyone else see Dangerous Method? We watched last night. Loved the script and, as a psyc nerd, the politics (Spielrein!), the acting less so
Little late for the frist workout but let's get it ya'll! This is NOT a game people!
I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
well, now you gained a piercing and i gained another embarassing story
Going to Glen Allen, Va. today to play at a wedding with our group, Third Stream Giants!!! :) www.3sgiants.com! Facebook-Third Stream Giants
i wanted to see obama :(
I absolutely love this coaching battle tonight two of the best in the game. Doug Collins and Doc Rivers.
Ain't NOTHING like a GOOD WOMAN
OK so due to peer pressure from and I am now back on twitter!!!
cuz u got tatted w/out me
When u get too big 2 show #Respect ur probably 2 small 2 know that's a
try CPR cellphone repair. They work with all kinds of electronics
TY : Great 2 c U last night at #SDMNOMothersDay! Have a great mom day!
Smh @ #ExtremeCheapskates. A mom took her kids to the park to pick 'wild chives' for a salad...those aren't chives! That's grass, stupid!
Ready to clock in
3-10-12 Be in the Streets 2 join the #Tibet supporters to gather outside the #Portland City Hall on @ 11AM to commemorate
Oh how funny! Another Renee posted and it sounded like it could be you!
hahahahaha yes I can't stop singing the song.
please follow ;)
Finally seeing #avengers. Hope it is good.
And here comes Arthur Rhodes. The guy that wasn't good enough to pitch for the o's.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Yea I Went To Get The Shoes This Morning
We Are
Rise and grinds peeps... Don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today.
We just got a new shipment of TOMS shoes! Come in and check out the summer styles!
I think that should come to Greensboro this weekend
omg imma starting to like school.......... :S
Thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great week!
I'm putting it all out there believing you #hope I'm right
shut up and get in that kitchen....
May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
how so? It actually *just* quit opening...
thanks for the follow guys+Maggie. tonight?
You're welcome :]
RT Williams: 0.73 sacks PG last 5 seasons, only D. Ware, Jared Allen have higher avg among players with 20 sacks since '07
OMG I'm done with my finals I'm done with this semester I made it though my freshman year of college yay. Time to get hammered!
Think ~ "Deal first with whatever is causing you the greatest emotional distress. Often this will break the logjam in your work and free yo…
Sometimes people with whom you had talked for hours now and do not remember you.
Not only is timing of Chicago and IL contract bids harmful to providers, RFPs are sloppy, with contradictory instructions & lack of clarity
We're looking for great #bookstores in L.A. to read at. Any suggestions?
ah, thanks for the help.:> lol
when it comes to looks your bumping big time one bad chick
Thanks for the hospitality ! Get notes from the workshop:
It's sad. You always have my support and a friend in WV you know anytime you need me I'm here. Hope you have a great day. <333
game night get ya twig right
Haha i know!
Too late...
I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields non-stop...
time to lead my first Cbeyond training on social media! woo hoo!
Free Event today Raw Vegan Potluck and Talk by Ken Rohla
G'day! I really enjoyed it. Jumped up & took on TT subject. Lol. I will be joining. All very supportive and interesting. ;)
My luck: caught my first virus/trojan yesterday. On my Mac.
hey I found us a place for fabric! On 14th. It's exorbitantly expensive but I like it so whatever.
You Aint Gotta Love Me or Like Me.Hesitate, being funny, mean aint gonna get nowhere in life but being unsucessful. Judging people is wrong.
what a cool site!
“: Good selection of brands...if I do say so myself!” Thanks!!
So true but so hard to do!
you have turned me into an east coast girl... Hello NYC! Have a fun night on the mainline
That cat is a boss!
Right up there w/ being a black woman. RT : Being a black man is one hardest things on the planet to do...
I'm trying to get some interviews when I'm in Hawaii! Lol..but really though "Scuba Dive Guide" just sounds so nice!
Keep it simple stupid!
Sweet dreams my friends.
The day is nice. Luvin the sun..
Hmm i wonder if will follow me
Thank you Metro Center for a wonderful lunch!
Someone stole our mailbox. Thanks, neighborhood. So glad to be back,
you know me too well <3
it IS pretty offensive. LOL!
lol. That guy.
the art of submitting to journals is a complex one, that's for sure....
I hate it how we can text 24/7 but when we meet it's so awkward
gotta be the fan mail
If change is happening on the outside faster than on the inside the end is in sight. Jack Welch, CEO, G.E.
I love Matthew Perry.
Every year I think that the crop of new shows couldn't be worse. Then I get to the next year.
RG3 #HTTR - Next up, Lines (O & D), Then, Receivers, Then CBs
Listening to music that matches your mood even when you know it doesn't do you any good.
Where is the party at this New Year's Eve in #Arlington, #DC, and #NorthernVirginia??
Dammit. It feels like a Friday. Right?
on my way to laszlo's iron skillet
Imma squeeze ur face with happiness
Commonwealth Governor&#39;s Students visit NSWC Dahlgren, build miniature Electromagnetic Railguns
Happy Good Friday everyone. We're very thankful for what's happening at the new IISA! Much love to all our great customers!
Goodnight! Going to the fair in montebello tomorrow c:
laughed at the xbox 720 product placement in Real Steel. Very funny.
Switching from the awful and watching a winner. Go ! #IBelieve!
Don't tell the story, the character doesn't know he is in a story.
I saw last night...love the blonde dreads! #random tweet lol
lol better be!
where did you get that?
you're welcome! And thanks for checking us out. We appreciate that.
Good morning Family! So many amazing Easter stories shared from across all campuses. Post your story!
RT A #Taurus girlfriend will always be faithful.
#idol - IMHO Phillip wins round one by a hair over Jessica.
pre ordered your new book this weekend! Can't wait to get it!
Goodnight and god bless you all.
james? X
I know the feeling man .. Not begin able to sleep right it the worst ..
Great to meet you too! Hopefully the next time we meet, I'll be less overcome by library acronyms.
Working on week 1 of my #projectlife album.Trying not to overthink things but an awful lot happens in a week! Trying to find a good balance
God gives; No More than we can handle and No Less than we deserve.
Pay down high-interest credit card debt
starting against brownsburg tomorrow in the county championship. my job is just to give my team a chance to win. so do i plunk sampen? jkjk
#swib11 Nano-publication: breaking insights and assertions into atomic triples with provenance
damn thanks for that tweet i was about to head that way !
Got to work an hour late. My punishment....making a run to the local taco restaurant. Lol.
Mark, it was a pleasure meeting you at the event on Monday. Thank you for your insight & time. Best, TommyWu
perder o show do four year strong
20 more days till i see you again dying
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather #Columbus!
Goodmorning hope everyone has a good day
Nothing I can tweet. Do you rep any celebs?
I may not actually be Jewish, but I have the complaining about a draft in a restaurant thing down pat.
Gah, I love you so much.. youre such an inspiration... <3
Can't wait to see this film!
If everybody is an artist then nobody is. Pursuit of artistic spirit is what we need to encourage.
Happy birthday to my cousin !
I was so fuckin nervous bro haha
just saw your mistletoe cover you tweeted mee...lol. great job!
Body feeling good this morning.. Think I will get that am workout done
Finished up a Kush ad for our friends at Southwest Alternative Care
So cool to see Scott Winslow onstage-congrats to Winslow Group for being a top Americas partner. Thx!
I'm OK...just get ready for work
Let's keep up the NYC spirit and run 10K- #WorkOutTime I'll let u know if I'm alive after the first 3'
Any good alternatives to listserv yet? What year is it? I used to like Google groups, but they're becoming difficult.
Our Frenchman is better than their Frenchmen!
Why does everything seem so hopeless...y can't I just get ahead for once
Adam Lavine is sexy.
Dinner in oven, kids playing...excited for my meeting with Avery Close tonight! \^^^/ the future is bright bring us some shades!
pshhhhh college is kicking my ass -__- I dunno about that anymore lol
lol....he is doing really good. My dude puts it down. Curtis is very happy if you couldn't tell.
DUI Checkpoints Tonight in West Chester (747), Colerain Ave, and Rt 28 in Milford, never drink and drive! Get a Designated Driver!
That's the only way to do it!
Correct use is "gray" when used as a color. "Grey" is a traditional last name.
Smh at Kyle Korver smh where are you.....Somebody inform me when Rose come back this is the most dissapointing season ever.
I guess its cause I beat mine up before lol
ncaa 13 is looking amazing. Will def have to get that too. Soo much good shit comin out this year. Lucky 4 me my wife play ...
#FF #G4TV She's so beautiful!! :^)
Wait till you hear d tape my nigga! #GAS RT : Heard that off the ground by that's a hit bruh
Just booked a co-star role on a new Disney channel show! Happy Monday
#AmericanStories opens today! Includes 5 patent models & more invention objects. We’ll share w you in the coming days.
Preparing for our first delivery tomorrow to Koopers in Fells Point.
Thank you!
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Now that Paul Hewitt has been fired, we are pleased to announce Chan Gailey will be returning to Tech to take his place!
Almost just died...
No school for me tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
pin up
JUST BOUGHT ME AN ALL BLACK PAIR OF KSWISS!!!! I HAD TO!!!!
haha ok. oh by the way do you have dini??
ur sexy just the way u are babe
picks for the women's final four and national champion?
Newark is open today from 8-5. No appt needed for glasses and new patients get a 30% discount. 100 HIgh St. Stop in and see whats new
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Thanks for reading! ": great article post!"
Sorry i haven't replied on your tweet last time :( i shall be with you soon.. coffee place on tuesday?
Off to Newark!
Very cool! Giving out candy I assume?
okay so twitters not as bad as i thought i kinda like it :)
& we love you! RT : I just have to say I love love love your brunch menu! FF has been my top choice 3 yrs running!
Don't have too many Leesville Memories
Since 07-08 season, the Caps have gone 3-0 in Game 6 situations when trailing a series 3-2. And since '10, they are 7-3 following an OT game
what u mean ? & thank u
No girl! Trying to get it like you. Proud of you!
And size 13 too! OK, now I am beyond insanely jealous. I am hallucinatory jealous.
I don't like the school bus anymore
i'm with ya, girl! 5' is beautiful, señor, don't wanna hear it!!
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Doug Ivester
Failure is never an option but unfortunately it's always a possibility.
ah...nice to have a couple days away from "real" life!
True shit RT : The rarest thing in the world is a woman who is pleased with photographs of herself.
Me and Sophie are UK Mahomes, We want him to come to the UK so we can meet him:D
your tweets lately have been so
i didnt skip out! Feeling good! Time to go do the waitress thing. Burning calories!!
SAFE TRAVELS , I WILL MISS YOU A MILION.
I'm in the mood for some salt. Popcorn is a good vehicle!
omg you still remember that? Hahahhha art class used to be the best and mostly because i used to do my work plus yours -_-
Karen Mills cites Kaufmann: "entrepreneurship down in every region except in New England". It's up a little in NE.
Thanks 4 the compliment. Dig your beats. Let me know when you need some guitars on a track. I want to do them!
Ok Donna Summer 's "she works hard for the money" vid jus came on and I feel the need to stand up and start spinnin around in circles
Workin on a remix of "I Beat the pussy up" rite now.
You realize that you guys are just making yourself look extremely classy? Are we still in high school? You know nothing
STOP PROMOTING YOUR CRAP on Twitter and respond to your customers.
cool name dude love it! X) u rock
Yes I will be tweeting throughout the #goldenglobes with quotes all night!!!
why did i date you? omg.
oh.. if only you people could see me now. i look like a freakin' moron.
Eileen Brady concedes to Jefferson Smith... I'm sure we haven't seen the last of her! What an inspiring and strong woman.
When #camron comes up on shuffle....the best.
Just when you got used to writing 2010...BAM!!! 2011 shows up.
That one cut deep,
happy birthday rick!!!
Cool! Um, why do you look SO mean in your pic? (Like Suge Knight's younger brother lol)
Avengers was awsome!!!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe foreclosure.. :( It makes me feel guilty for people
:( Oh no! Hopefully it won't last long. Turn the music up in the meantime? :D
Latin Jazz - Josh Jones Group at the Cigar Bar in San Francisco, Sat pm, May 28th
#thingsthatgetmeupset when Ur friend is nosy when u get a text message
No matter what part of town or time of day you can always bet to see strange people in waffle house<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><U+2615>
I feel bad about the way I treat some people its jus something telling me to be mad and evil
very, very cool. :)
Please help me with my production!!!!
Allen Iverson was and is still my favorite basketball player
Keys to SUCCESS ~ "When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction …
since i do not follow either teams, can i set the rules for the friendly bet?
I won the Kiss giveaway!! Love u Kiss! Thank You!!!
Great dinner tonight at Becco with my new colleagues. Looking forward to the BOG meeting tomorrow!
Morello closes w/"This Land Is Your Land"-the most underrated class war ballad of the century. All the good parts edited out.
Come on Miller miss this one
Just spilled coffee all over my favorite study bible:( Using a blow dryer on it now and praying it isn't ruined.
Q5: store assistant or in-store beauty consultant
I love Josh. He is way too funny.
WorldatWork&#39;s Alliance for Work-Life Progress Announces 2012 Work-Life Rising Star Honorees
Looking forward to a god #weekend!
Wonderful folks
So Tru! RT : I wish love was like volleyball...you call "MINE!" and everyone backs off!
Today marks the one week coundown to giant FLUKE!!!!! May 1 7am! Also we will begin our night porgy trip on Fri May 4!!!
#hategettingtold I'm so glad we are just friends.
Foster's fine.
but but but....
yeah how was ur day
#NASCAR is so good today. I'm running out of nails to bite. Love how Harvick gets penalized for speeding but not running a guy over. LOL.
Bath & Body Bistro will be at Los Ranchos Park (on the corner of Rio Grande & Chavez Rd.) today from 2-6pm. We'd love to see you there !
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. —Aristotle
Great time at La Rêve thanks to - Amazing show and magic. So nice to meet a real worker and a sweet person.....
yeah I played a 20 hr session, not sure how many hours I player seemed like 10-15 hrs a day
Thanks for following us!
Catalina Island is heavenly.
"The legacy we will leave is the footprint we had in believing."
Oh yay. Wasted sorority girls in ugly green tees.
Omg i knew it
miss you too! I'm about to DM you my new #
smoke sumtn bitch!RIP PIMP C.....kush burning
I love you baby ur the greatest!!!!
He was boss in Boston & responsible for historic collapse this season! Explain that? Left club in total shambles!
Why Should You Decide upon Granite Worktops? | Bernadett&#39;s ...
RT : 2.572M (20.6%) unemployed LESS than five weeks. Here’s hoping they find #jobs FAST!
WHO misses Southern summers? Seriously.
I'm taking a mental break from #mlanet12 and watching AGT
fantastic -- lots of great features in the works. Would love to hear about new concepts you're working on, too!
good luck!
Fear God
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving." -- Lao Tzu Best of luck, good traveler....
Oh yes. He's the most awesome cat ever. Big and fluffy and maybe just a wee bit bitey.
Back to the drawing board busy day for me after a nice get back to good break ;o) Anyone watch the Royal wedding?
On so many levels.
HBO's Treme is set in post-Katrina New Orleans during same period as RACE. Hope this will generate interest in looking back as we near 5th.
thank you!!
It has been a wild summer so far for us! Looking forward to our corporate events at Wisconsin State Fair! Just around the corner ya know!!
That sounds delicious! I love pomegranate juice.
yeah yo, once my battery died it wouldnt turn on even if I charged it.
i need so many hours still for nhs, and i need to read that stupid book
I've been watching soo many movies recently
Plans for tomorrow .
Happy 51st Birthday to the Greatest Entertainer of All Time - Michael Jackson
Tomorrow is 4-20! Are you ready?? Stop in and see us we will have what you need! Open till 7! Enjoy the Holiday ;)
not too late.
STILL CRYING OVER ED AND TAYLOR
We Party All Around The World.
Come see us on our Facebook Page and find out about how you can win a free Massage Heights Gift Card from our Valentine's Day Contest!
Putting the word out for clients needed - I specialize in small and home-based business accounting and business management. Prefer San Fer…
Our play Game #5 tonight! Retweet this if you think it's the end of this series!
Blu is already on the agenda! Good call :)
Man, this smoked duck, shrimp, oyster, andouille, and tasso Gumbo sho' is good, top ten!! Serving it up all week.
we go to wmcc
that legit suckss
that looks like trouble! Hope you're having fun!!
Nancy Grace has my vote, & her dance partner is good looking 2 :)
omg! Ik..I would be bad too. Nagging them!!
Really? It's awesome here - miss you kiddo!
Oh, and Miller Park Greinke just hit a double down the LF line.
Power outages are stacking up. Xcel now reports nearly 17,000 Customers without juice in the metro.
I can understand running because of the fast pace. What if you walk with ur hands in ur pockets?
Love will last forever for GOD is love..
#SusanBoyle 14 Million Albums sales in 14 months and is nominated for a Grammy award & on category of Best Pop Vocal Album.Amazing
For over 250+ years the Aldridge's have fought for NC. We start again today. Right ?
Found out from pharmacist that poison I was working with in book two won't do it. Fortunately, he gave me an alternative
in stoppage no less!!!! Thanks to that jerk Joey Barton adding time.
ill try this again. Uh you guys do know theres only 1 week of school and we havent hungout right?
Can't believe Charger legend Junior Seau passed away!
At city museum in st Louis. Kids r having a blast!
Q2: camping, swimming, bbq's
The snow won't stop us! Something fun coming from at 10 today!
im freaking done.
Just don't play Need You Now! Ack!
Honestly. The show better be FREAKING amazing.
I think I just confused the crap out of my phone....heehee
Jesus I love You! Just wanted to say that! <3
10TV today - The president, Arnold...behind the scenes at the Columbus Zoo...and some karate-chopping grandmas...check it out this morning!
Thanks for posting. This is truly a valuable and necessary partnership!
Change your thoughts and you change your world. N.M. Peale
One hour lunch breaks are a gift and a curse <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT : When a grocer tries to charge me 5¢ for a bag, I tell em "go to hell" & just stand there eating my groceries until they're gone
Headed to meet for dinner. I'm a lucky lady.
RT : You have to think if Peyton Manning was playing it would've been a totally different story. I say at worst 62-21 final.
Finally in bed, sleep time.
how about you actually send someone to my house like you said you would instead of making my family wait around all day!
Austin, Texas! :D
nicely done!
Did the #Patriots game start at 8pm or midnight? Cause #TebowTime's missing his glass slipper!
Movie recommendation is Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho"
I ll miss you all :,(
so freaking pumped \m/
in both cases whether separate or responsive by css
Well I consider this season a success although we got more ball to play my goal was to get out the 1st round and we did. Great job sixers
Japanese coworker has taken to praising me in Japanese after finding out about me being a fan of anime and manga. I will allow it!
when people say they want more followers what they mean is "i want more listeners, ppl paying attn to me"
Thanks to and for a fabulous event! And thanks to the 160 of you who came out. Look for recap, pics tmrw & Friday
One Time For My Partner On That West Coast Fineness!!!
Would be lovely if you could.
Where The Hell Is !!!
Dsney world = fun
I've had a million beers today. Almost all of them were from Wisconsin. Win.
Well, as long as they are feeding you and you like it is all that matters. Have a nice weekend! xoxoxo
"Does Blues Clues still exist?" "No, they took it off the air because you liked it." Oh Daniel, 13 years of being a delight...
Spanish commentary? Shiit why not?
Congratulations Julia G - you just WON a $100 gift card to !! Watch for an email soon.
Just got water balloons thrown at me... Gonna miss these seniors
Simpsons just phone it in these days.
If I could make it back to Chicago, I would. Work back at my old job I miss u.
our sexy new song "Okay" has a release date!! April 6th kids!!
Oh....monday
Ain't nun but really black ppl in dat audience nd dey bring out sum old ass white man WOW, ain't dat sum
I know
Bring on the storms <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Thx 4 following...hope to get a chance to work with U someday!
whoa yeah that has to be way off
just found my pasta machine is not working. I am will have to roll my raviolis by hand tonight grandma style
So cool I want to do it all again....
Shitty.Dropped my Ipod and now its cracked aint that bad tho. But i blame cuz she made me run!
they started it!
lol I heard they so petty now but edith always been like that, jordan told me they got yall on timers for 15's smh
But there is such a thing as the Olive Garden.
My Lil Cousin Came Home Yesterday =] Chillin' w. him & tha Twin
It cost 7 million dollars to build the Titanic and 200 million to make a film about it.
now I know your high:-)
Just seen the movie the
Making a banger
Working on some pretty great stuff... I hope I can handle all that is coming my way in 2011.
Where is everyone spending their Friday night?
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
wait, THE vanilla ice? RT Excited 4 free shows on AE Stage: Love&Theft, David Nail, Green River Ordinance, Vanilla Ice...
Beer > Women
Bryce Harper coming up!!!
It's #Friday. Let's conquer this b*$^%.
my brain would miss the workout, too (I like exploring)
Put on a beer label...I'd buy it! Thanks for the follow!
today is apparently international kissing day. heyoooooo
Thanks for the FF!
Davinci Virtual is celebrating #MobileWorkWeek road warriors love virtual offices and Davinci has the largest network of centers in the USA!
#Pirates looking to make it 4 in a row and pull to .500.
I'm gunna show yu im alright
Just voted in my first midterm election. It really was me an a bunch of old people
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes.
Horrible ending to #ExtremeRules #BrockLesnar should have won. He was beating the daylights out of Cena.
A recruiter is like an elephant. They never forget. #jobhuntchat #recruitment#
Do you have a museum bucket list? Some on my list: State Hermitage Museum, Fashion Museum, British Museum, Cairo Museum, Van Gogh Museum...
Rubio would miss London Olympics too RT Yikes RT : Ricky Rubio has a torn ACL in his left knee, a source told SI
I'm bringing my 16-month-old daughter for part of it, but I suspect she's much more easily entertained
she tweets all het fans. ill be tweeted one day
Thank you for RTs. we'll follow you back tomorrow.... already used up total of 5 that #twitter imposed on us. #censorshipmuch?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northboungld I-35 at Caesar Chavez
leavin 2 El Salvador 2morrow.. gunn miss Dallas a lot
RT : Need plans tonight? How about a Local Holiday Miracle? $10 sketch by 2 very funny local ladies. 8:30pm!
visiting family in mission viejo. sunday afternoon boat ride.
Midnight run in the rain
thank you to all who have joined in my string plz get to your messeges and add me as a friend!
Think Like A man >>>
some can u please explain the jinsu sitch to me whatt going onn??
I went through trying to call MA Unemployment not too long ago - best bet is to go to a walk-in center, believe it or not!
love u mah....u keep it so percentage
Men In Tits #ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits :D Lolling xD
Jamming with Sarah Campbell = Highlight of the day
Im not about to put up with for much longer #fukin heated
Teachers union, CPS agree to call in 'fact-finding' panel for contract talks - Chicago Sun-Times
": I checked my Google privacy settings. Google Ads thinks I'm a 25-34 year old male. I'm okay with that." Umm, I'm not.
Not to self: just because I don't have to be at school by ten, doesn't mean I don't need an alarm.
fridays are usually the best day of the week somebody hit an apd motorcycle cop... Nobody is safe
Miss my touring times!.. Have to plan one...
swear.... I'm the best (and most good looking, may I add) creep(; love you to!
Same to you! Hope the weather treats you well : )
I use to wish i had you, but think again none of my wishes come true :/
"Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle cannot be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being sh
i like igloos. ive always wanted to make one. sadly it doesnt snow on the beach.
Since when are white guys criminals and gross
#Remix Mashup Monday
Hataz gonna hate...ballaz gonna ball!!
yes he is, girls are TOO catty. LOL
I generally believe corsettery serves to accentuate exposed collarbones, but I agree. I love that lapel look. Oh, decisions.
Great book John Maxwells book: 5 levels of leadership
Try Me Hoe
I love my life:))
so cool!! Congratulations!!!!! Will tune in!
Session presenter, U.S. Chief of Tech & asst to Pres. Obama.
lmfao!!! I feel yas on that one. What r u doing with yourself?
pep talking
Every year it's the SAME results
you're not fucking cute. shut the fuck up.
Happy happy birthday ! I hope it's a great one!
Welcome to Cleveland Trent Richardson!!!
People wearings coats in palm beach - it 75 degrees!
come on! lunch is almost over! I want to watch charades!
#CXO I could use a cookie over here.
just kidding we are gonna chill everyday
My dads bitching about you smoking & btw he's a CPS social worker <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
also heard on Marsha you were sick & hope you feel better!
#Rammstein easily gave me one of the BEST concert experiences of my live. They are incredibly talented and engaging!
#amahighered social media content plus authenticity makes cents.
nick?! Schmidt is where it's at! Nick is too sad for life. Epic show though.
good place!!!!
I love reading articles about the drug wars in Mexico. Is that weird?
Thanks for the retweetage!
Eh.. Your rapping was lacking.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT : Rappin to my girl,
Great closing keynote by details coming soon!
nice rebound. Are they for real ?
Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit
I met a lady on Saturday who got a Chinese symbol tattoo on her coccyx. She thought it said "Mysterious" but it actually says "Constipated."
In the studio working!!!
When I get my paycheck tomorrow I'm spending a good bit of it on nail polish. I'm such a girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
One kind word can warm three winter months. ~Japanese Proverb. Warm gloves help too. Need warm gloves 4 men wsccenter.org/donations.html
IKR nobody should do that! :(
Ugh, my stomach has definitely expanded from the holidays! Ate my morning protein bar and I'm already hungry an hour later.
ha, if only it unfollowed the right ppl...and moved to unfriend some on FB, too! :)
sounds like a military state to me!
I know? #Laura is definitely slow...
RT : Engage customers in meaningful dialogues to better understand not only what they want, but what they value!
is your date in school
The guy who interviewed Joe on The Edge yesterday was very rude.
Maybe I missed something but how did the initial comment even come up in conversation?
damn usher dies .... Dats crazy
Ink it on your calendars, Congresswoman Susan Davis will speak at the March 13th Hillcrest Town Council meeting, 7pm.
Healthy Heart will be at the Sankofa Farmers Market today! There will be kids exercise activities: jump rope, hula hoops & more!
sounds good! I have a lobster dinner coming!
everyone get hype for the NFL season :D
i can't let the day go to waste
I'm not in Louisiana Filming #endersgame ?
Happy with are progress as a team; everyone #YouKnowWhoYouAre #ATE-ERA ETC
i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there
I just had the math final is tomorrow and I haven't been to class all semester dream again. Gross.
Minnesota has 323 million dollar surplus
you're so precious :')
Maryland. It's about a 1.5 hour drive (although we went in traffic), but we had a blast! Right at Arundel Mills Mall
One of my greatest regrets is not going on a cross country road trip when gas was cheap.
Try Cooper's Tavern, The Old Fashioned, Sardine or Delmonico's. Hope you had a good wknd back!
Done: Church, brunch, #HungerGames To Do: #Target, laundry, Salmon dinner
Bout to see what this Netflix is talking bout
Todays just another day for me ^_^
Yes, definitely email her, she's extremely quick!
Thanks to for spreading the word about The Monuments Men, heroes of civilization!
Team Twist been busy!!!
Yes Sir... RT : as much as I say thank you derek fisher :-)
Testing… this should work
Huntsman seems to be a good guy with good ideas but is the GOP establishment ready for changes?
Cliff diving at the ICA? Yes please.
FDA alert: Skin Crms Soaps Lotions ... If mercurous chloride,“calomel,“mercuric,“mercurio,“mercury listed stop using product immediately
I miss you so much. i havent seen you in 7 hours, i might have a mental breakdown.
These texts, ah :) haha.
Thanks!! :) I know :c Next time I get a piercing or tattoo you should come with!! :D and I love it! It's great lol
I have now less than a week and then Im 30. Why does it feel like Ive accomplished nothing?
sorry4delay on the fb friend requests! Just got tired of dirty old men and the most random people so I stopped acceptin requests for a min!
Jean-Claude Bradley: "There is no such thing as a trusted source." Woah!
Is it National Dance Like A Chicken Day b/c chickens want to avoid being served w/this? RT : Happy National Buttermilk Biscuit Day!
Our competitors hate #puppies. Shame on them. #awesome #shirts www.TuesdayTees.com
To the equestrian lover in all of us, this unfortunately, REALLY happened to me: "Hello 'boss', I have to take a sick day today, a horse ...
where you going north town?
Candles & accessories for your home - deal available thru 1/12/12. Perfect for cold days. New customers save an extra $5!
I hear you! I definitely have a weakness for shoes :)
I can't be at #Coachella, but I have a pretty good idea what the air smells like right now with Dre and Snoop on.
White watch wanted for my 21st birthday please. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Fat free ranch dressing + cucumbers = best invention ever. :0
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.-Anais Nin
The View from TX is spectacular
is my best friend! :)
I adore the Tin Tin books
YAY The centaurs just took Delores Unbridge!! Power to the people....well, half-people anyway.
My allergies are slowly killing me.
Hugh was never the OC. Only QB coach.
Headed to Toronto. But first--really looking forward to a quick trip to Niagara Falls before digging into work stuff tomorrow.
don't you hate it when your trying to go to bed, but you have so much on your mind that you cannot sleep. ugh! #CantSleep hmu :D
RT“: #Broncos will land in North Carolina around 11am for Peyton Manning's workout”
Double foul? Wtf?
Ah I wasn't thinking dirty, gosh, cochino!! Just kidding never mind, idk how to explain what I meant
..studying for my last day of finals.. after tomorrow I'll be stress free from school 'til June!! -AMEN
At the volunteer tent on Rich St between S Third & High St downtown! Free coffee and donuts. :)
oy that tweet went out with a broken link...and so did the last one GRRRRR
I'm not even a professional yet and I have the same experience. There are only a handful of thought-provoking writers, IMO.
Yesterday WTCC 90.7FM broadcast my recordings of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" & "Body & Soul". Aloha Springfield, MA!!!!
So...much...talking. Must...start...doing...
The Adamouski competition is pleased to announce that an extended deadline will be available to artists for the current competition-
Must suck to not be able to have an intelligent football conversation without being vulgar.
just like #hittingiscontagious, apparently #suckingiscontagious as well.
come see us in 311.
Hoya Saxaaa!! #Georgetown just tipped off in the Verizon Center and we're ready for a win
Hanging at cafe moustache. Trying to do hw and blog for I need home internet; I'm dying.
There are 1,792 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower
Caleb gne call my phn at damn near 2am like its G ! ewww, wat did i tell u boy !?
Disappointed by the #Greys Anatomy finale.
The people who control the #library money are not necessarily friends of the library.
Pizza or Pasta? #Pizza is the best!
Um... #newguysarecute That is all. :)
Treadmill time - then downtown :-) Lookout, Austin - hot women heading your way!!
Ready to discuss 's FLATSCREEN at 's book club tonight. Just a head's up, I do not take criticism well.
you make being bored look fun...
i couldn't care less
Black Sabbath, Chili Peppers will play Lollapalooza
Re-energize your routine! Stop in for FREE copies of Muscle & Body and mags. Tons of great articles, health & fitness tips.
LOVE your blog!! :)
Yes I'm aware I have stitches on my face. Thanks,
Awesome 4th of July weekend. Plus, I don't have a #hangover ;)
YUP! Very....Flowers in the Attic.
Since then, I've been waffling endlessly to find a title that would be fit for my album. I looked at all lyrics, song titles...I was stuck.
Some guya were wit the gun on that trail robbing ppl RT : what?
Drop in tonight for Ladies’ Night specials! Countdown to Shilrington’s Oktoberfest extravaganza: 17 days!
having a film marathon this weekend...can't wait!!
You nonprofit guys are always fundraising!
for you maybe haha
Congrats on the win today!! Going for the sweep tomorrow!!
Bruce Irvin, 6'-3, 245 pound DE, ran an unofficial 4.43 40-yard dash time. QB's will have a tough time outrunning that.
Love yourself to open your mind to the world.
why is your poker down? Particularly disappointed using the service when yet again.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Ill give anyone 17 dollars if they bring me a big box of hohos
84-page packet for tonight's Board Meeting. Thinking it could be a late night.
Oh yeah, those are raindrops. Twisting the cap open now.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><- this lives in that room. You know I'm right.
I don't have one. Not sure why I came up.
Just found out that a very popular blogger is opening an Etsy shop with almost the exact same name as mine at almost the exact same time.
Its Mango season!
hell yea they some fuck niggas
that one drink messed me up. Did u ruffie me?
UC Irvine, Stanford set to make cases for volleyball Final Four
Just one of those days.
Yes, would've been good if the Prez could've evolved a day earlier :-) At least he's in time for Clooney's bash.
or bored,same thing
BBQ: Franklin. Enjoy Austin!
Yes. Britpop Mondays starts tonight.
I swear to God I'm never taking anyone's word for anything if it aint in action I don't believe u!
I miss My Reed :( He was probably one of thee most attractive guys ever!I woves yew My Fairy Princess :( <3 P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Been reading Tami Roman's mentions. 95% of tweets are blasting her behavior. Other 5% think she's "keeping it real". WTF? That's sad.
Ran out of night. "Dinner" breakfast at 7am. Now it's time for bed.
#ces show floor is starting to take shape, booths are coming together nicely. Amazing how much effort goes into the exhibits
yeah, I am glad they closed the school for the weather, people generally don't handle weather events like this well.
Actor, Film Producer, CPA
Best part about game was 's goal. 2nd best part was when a dude proposed to his girl in the members club
Yess! Next class will be my last class then i get to go home!! :)
I will file that tidbit away in my travel notebook. GL if you are playing today. Lemme know and I will virtual rail you. :)
we have a #MarchMadness group special for $25. Includes bowling, food and drink!
it's the guiltiest of guilty pleasures.
On the 4th day Christmas has for thee…A FUNday package of drink specials and their stylin’ new t-shirts for 4!...
RT“: Webster stole Elway's lines ""looked comfortable throwing'' and "another important step in the process.'' Come ON!”
Ran into my mom's neurosurgeon & NeuroICU nurses #awkward? Or #awesome?
Sometimes we forgo being in a relationships because the friendship we have with that person is too important to complicate.
RT : A picture may be worth a thousand words, but like the picture, it's the quality of the words that matters.
Who's all going to The Great Games in Cougar History during Spokane Week with Doba, Derting and Kegel?
Thanks! RT : If Hollywood wants to go there, then let's see a docudrama for "Dark End of the Street" by Carmen...
Apparently the phones didn't work for Ron Washington. Asked for a pitcher and got a belly itcher.
for free!?
DC: Jonetta Rose Barras the queen of propaganda! Where is that article on DOMESTIC VIOLENCE I requested??
Nice karma guyblow. . . You said it wrong its shiloh
#blessed indeed!!!
keep me posted. I'm too cheap to order it and too lazy to go watch it somewhere else.
Tweet me!
“You break it, you buy it.” Hell no. I break it, slowly leave it there & awkwardly walk away.
Hey I'm the magic 36 and I had a surgery when I was 17. Haven't been able to throw since, hopefully your procedure goes well.
BLACK MAMBA!!!
notice me Ari??? Please follow me! <3
Day was ok, even my night was fun until I checked facebook & then everything went downhill from there. So im going to sleep
Thanks for the RT!
It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed Wisdom
I'm glad SWS is doing a different hockey movie! I'm your Buddy. that's just my game!
in a lost generation, you have to find yourself
i know right
kins getting lucky streak sucks!!!
People that eat Vlasic pickles.
first thing first is drums..lol that's the big thing.. the singing part will come..
Why is this happening....
You don't see my wishes coming true, with no ginny meng.
Just finished volunteering, and just got all soaked. I gotta go get something for lunch now. Happy Tuesday!
13 yr old kid ran onto the field. family will be fined 3k.
Still moving today! Womp
her music its the best
Don't know when I'll get over red home Red Wing jerseys.
I find it odd that our Great Dane is more active when she's sleeping (dreaming) than at any other point in the day.
Cause I'm not :b
RT : “: I need a Illustrator or a cartoonist. Any referrals” <--- Thanks babes! I appreciate you!
good night
gimme a goal for Nagbe instead of Jack and I have the exact same prediction.
I will rock that harder than hard
Use 22" wide screen monitor with no tabs open or extra tool bars for the full effect
GREAT Job on #GoodDeeds! Good emotional story line! Wishing for #1 in the box office.
While they are all gems, I think I will follow this Olentip today! “: At work? Leave early. #OlensTips”
Anyone interested in booking a vacation right on the best lake in North America? Contact now for deals at Jewel Bay Resort!!!
Great chat with this morning...stay tuned for some exciting news!
Screw You #cardinals v
Today is gonna be a good day! No more letting my problems get the best of me!
You too Preacher!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN aha yeah you know : )
was thinking Parrot AR also
Frankie just handed me "The Shizzle"
Being home alone is so boring.
Fuck porn and porn stars- Cheese and wine turn me on the most.
RT : RT : Cool down & think about Holiday Pops! Choose seats for Boston Pops at www.bostonpops.org
I love that song!!
Think I'm gonna make my homemade sweet tea for all the guests attending the St. Bernard Charity event this Wednesday. -Britney
Vancouver's star rising on global special effects stage - Vancouver Sun
I don't know...I like trance, but these are pretty bad. Think you're better off without in this case. :)
on air with Vincent Bugliosi as he talks abt new book "Divinity of Doubt: The God Question" on radiokolamerica.com - call in 818-691-3243
Fun times with
Now if I can find an creative outlet for my love of photography, music, comedy, and cooking, this will be a comprehensive week.
Had another good day...even though Gabe gave me a scare...he`s all better!
Think I missed a subtweet...neva been good wit that.
Today was the best it felt all year... Hopefully tomarrow will be the same...
I really want to know what this big announcement is..
luxurys car looks much nicer stock than "hooked up"....
There is no right or wrong..only right and left. Choose whats right for you or take what's left.
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY LIFE HAS GOT TO BE SO DIFFICULT ! WHEN U HAVE DECIDE BETWEEN STAR BURSTS AND NUTELLA
me either, we should do something later tonight!
I don't know why people don't get that messing around with fracking is so dangerous, toxic fallout aside.
No. It's my father's travel agent. I usually go through him because it's easier, and my parents still like being involved.
I don't understand why KU fans seem not to appreciate Bill Self. He's fantastic!
867 5309. hey i just met you.. and.this is crazy, but heres my number so call me maybe
I really hope Jelena didn't break up .. i loved them together they're the best couple out there .. <3
Eating ramen with a spoon is the greatest fucking idea ever!
your invite made me sosososososososo excited for this weekend. Is it Saturday yet?!?
who winning
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
#lol I could never hate you!
On my way in a few minutes. First Time and I live in VA. lol
Fuck yeah Ryan!!!!
thanks for following me! I look forward to showing more of my art with you :)
Check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com and the article "Avalanche on Lhotse" for an adventure travel story like no other!
People of CA: The right called Jerry Brown "Gov Moonbeam" because he was early supporter of geosynchronous satellites, used today by GPS etc
Nice to see that has received the Twitter "Verified" checkmark of approval.
it definitely put a smile on my face as I dreaded the walk to my 8 am
YOU ARE WTF
you were awesome today!
High court's stance could spur immigration laws - Austin American-Statesman
Sounds like a great day.
Why is it before I even saw the picture. I knew what it was.
Fat ass nigga
Sauges: the "place" where you learn is becoming much less important
Couple weeks left as Lead Pastor of The City's Church Las Vegas! Would love 2 see u on Easter Sunday. God has done wonders in the last 2yrs
I've always thought the girl on the box of thin mints looked like Cuba Gooding Jr. as Radio.
funniest man alive
Its so humiliating when somebody catches you staring at yourself in the mirror...while u have sex with them.
The hardest thing to accept is loving someone and knowing they’ll never love you back.
Right, because Rush is such a sex god himself.
Awww Follow Me
i wish school would be over already ugh!
Me mom and dad fight today!!! War
Wonderful picture... very nice looking couple! Hope you both had a great Christmas! :)
Fla is SO waitin on u buddy!!!
Went to Annie's Cafe to eat with my neighbor. Had my favor waitress wait on us, Dani is a great waitress. Had a good time, she a lot of fun.
:-( Brooklyn a little too far
Particpated in event this week: Nic Donofria from IBM Dr. Lakhani from Harvard and talking about innov
Single is the life <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Cedar Point on the 25th.... #hellyes!
Doing great, thanks Dana, another day of work. Hope you have a good b-day!
Yes! followed me! Wisconsin cheese is the BEST & it's too hard to find in Cincinnati. We get bland, bitter Vermont cheese here
Free concert-ALAN JACKSON,, ERIC PASLAY set for Sept 21st !! 4th annual Capitol Street Party on Demonbreun!!!!
Not FOX News: What fiction are you relaxing with this weekend? Tweet us your picks with the tag
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot. What heart defect does your son have?
Home from latest jaunt (this one to DC). Tired and trepidatious about what may be waiting for me at work tomorrow.
i'm tweeting so that i can say i've tweeted thrice!! hi taylor (:
Farewell to our very own mike heslin leaving for where else: land of milk and honey. no, not goshen but #sanfrancisco. you rock, sir.
please don't cry! Just remember all the memories we created :)
what type of filming do u do?
Way to go ! Hope all is well in your neighborhood.
no doubt!
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade & DanHarvey 9pm! Food & drink specials!
Thanks for the suggestions - We'll keep you posted with the development, are you Android or iOS?
Building my summer course syllabus and coding some interview data. Yet, it doesn't feel like work at all.... :)
Shouts to this guy--> good morning love
New Promo Coming Today! Stay Tuned!
just tell me if he's asian or not! DM me!!!!!
Off to Phoenix for the next gateway course success institute.
great panel, it's all about the love.
Outta sight , outta mind ...
It is May Day almost everywhere in the world except the US. My projects are all global. Might as well have taken today as a holiday!
Just 11 more followers & someone gets $20 of free cleaning!!! Bring us your tired, your huddled masses, your dirty clothes, 200th follower!
Awesome. Super talented musician.
I'm the new Rowdy Burns. You don't even know!
At Groves we provide evolving levels of care to suit both highly functioning residents as well as those who require more intensive care.
Thanks for the review!
Frankly I think all these misogynistic homophobic Teabag types are closet K, wanting to step up the white baby factories.
KU basketball on #ESPN, replay of Georgetown KU game on ESPNU....
": I will cross the ocean for a Big Mac" wtf! you wont making eating that shit
Now at Fred Jameson's talk on aesthetics politics&the singularity. responding with the UCDavis pepperspray incident to start
Where was Bo Queen to call that post up illegal screen on Vandy?
Stop in LUCI all week and pick up our FREE NEW REWARDS CARD. Great for discounts and freebies everytime you shop! XOXO!
Thanks for the follow friday, Tony. Hope you have a great weekend.
Old friends at webseries premiere last night-Hot apple cider in union sq-diner w/Arti-m NYC I see you soonly.
Do not lose heart and despair if you don't succeed in fulfilling all the good that you would wish: if you've fallen,try to rise up again
Well, billboards aren't going up yet… The lawyer will fight us on appeal. Deep pockets but no taste.
first week of May. A's and O's.
RT Jury selection starts in one hour. No phones in the courtroom, so no tweets til lunchtime. See you then.
I've already dubbed Doss as Boldin's successor. Didn't get much playing time last year because of his inability to play special teams
ughh i need my backpack from marias house !
Amen beautiful!
I really don't. it wasn't Hatley though. it started with an S I think
via twitter.
Carrie underwood is the most beautiful being on this earth lol
Betta got get sine back up get up.
m yes keep booing kovy
Sub dis period & nxt, great way 2 end the day
still working on my lit term project and I haven't started math
Rosacea. Not herpes. It’s rosacea.
but how many overtimes? #OTMonster is hungry.
I thought you was gone call me back!!
yes my love!
Sleeping all day, waking up feeling like a noodle.
you are now the Kueen of Twittergraphics!!!
in Chicago last night... speechless! <3
<U+2665><U+2665>Yay! Im all happy now!<U+2665><U+2665>
Congrats! “: 6 VA Wineries medal in San Diego - Barrel Oak, Gray Ghost, Ingleside, Jefferson, Keswick, & North Gate! #VAWine”
i stopped pounded hookers
Looking forward to IMATS next weekend! Can't wait!!
Thanks for taking time to follow~ Would like to learn more about ur books~
Make Sure you Follow Our Official Twitter
nah i been extremely busy ,between music and moving
These ppl in my hood r so ignorant. Can't get out off there car to call someone. They just keep blowing there horn.
this means our ticket will ONLY be available on the I heart app. no other app will work :(
Visions incomplete are finally being tuned; awaiting the second phase of realization and the advancement of conceptual representation.
Bad hair day? Lol
Boats are zooming down new circle.........;)
Seriously excited about this NFL draft! What will do tonight? Can't wait to see if there will be trades in this first round!
I don't like it when people talk behind ur back(;
Listened to on Week in Startups podcast. story was pretty good when I heard it in the dorm room; even better 5 yrs later!
I want unknown
YOU ROCK. Give Roby a punch in the arm for me lol.
i just tell the truth so if you cant handle that ,then so be it
dilemma dilemma....
“: Craving the feeling of jumping through freshly raked leave piles. #autumn #fucksummer” autumn is the best season.
Who Put the Bop In The Bop Sh Bop Sh Bop?
Making preparations to launch CareerOyster ... stay tuned for more details. The world is your Oyster...be the pearl!
Shooting comp card stuff today with Dominic. I always love shooting in the rain.
time to go in......get there
yiy ready now
oh god !! it doesnt look like you :P love ya !! <U+2665><U+2665>
Gig tonight was great!
that's 6 against 1 Emma, that means nothing. I watch it on every road trip. Like call Amanda.
For sure there are alternatives. I wonder if anyone will actually use them and totally forgo Google products though.
Feels empty.
loves life :)
Boosie Actually Got A Verse On Birdman And Mack Maine Song Called #TheFam.#FreeBoosie.And Its Really Him Rapping 2 He Went Hard.Problems.
Have a good Friday everyone :D
Justin Notice Me <U+2665>
Make relaxation and renewal your New Years Resolution! Come by Riviera Spa today!
Beak trimming bc too close quarters. Killing males bc they don't need them. Those are the final 2 pieces.
“ “ If you fuck with me then pray for me..... I don't ask shit from my friends..... Just pray.””
Went to sign up for a new ISP and their website is unable to complete online orders, live chat also "unavailable". Nice
So many great opportunities just wasted. -__- I couldve met the when he was in LA i could've gone to #WangoTango and Justin...
Glad to hear it!
Lol yay Ariana is tweeting from my twitter.... My tweets are gonna go up!!
I think tami just need some good dick!!!
Cool! Per your meeting today?
everyone knows orange is the best. followed by yellow.
We've been on a panel together and known each other for a while on the "antislavery" circuit.
Just bought a bb app for £2, it didn't even install & it hasn't given me my money back?
remember: YOU control the machine. It does not control you. ; ) (awesome pic)
OK, let's try that again. Honestly, I thought that last instance came up way too fast.
I should have the chance to try one in the next few weeks. Very interested, especially at the price. Will report once I try it.
great thanks! you? xx
please tell me you're gonna come see us at Analog Bar for their industry night Nov 28!!
Tonight was actually a dream.
Nina asks: "Are you greedy or generous?" Ideally, you should be both, if "greed" is to find ways to make museums engaging.
What a 9th inning! I went for a smoothie, and the #Royals scored 6 runs.
snowed in and thankful to have my electicity.....
the challenging part is to start writing. It is not easy
#NFLDRAFT...how to read through the BS is the key...I think the first 6 are solid...Jags could do anything...still like Ingram there...
Off to a good start thanks to the upgrade. It pays to be a loyal customer. Next stop JFK.
Be careful what you search engine.
PS: make sure you tell Dan (danwarp) just how much you want Mandy back! #iWantMandyBack ftw!!!! :)
I laugh when I hear people say the #Avengers is too long. Those are the same people that don't think twice about spending 6 hours on FB.
So, yeah.
I tried it on Sunday, get the meat down first, and quickly!
I need a second to breath
I hate when people judge other people's relationships so dumb
it wasnt meant for both of them it was meant for his virginity and ONLY his virginity he still wore it whule he was with jasmine
Back to Iron Man, which teaches us that real science happens when one person has unlimited resources and the proper inspiration!
committed nothing short of improv blasphemy onstage tonight. he is an improv heretic. hopefully he survives the improv inquisition.
i need a new profile pic... but idk like this this one... hm
Hm trying out #Spotify and have to say it blows #Pandora away. Far fewer repeats, better selections.
ha!ha!
I'm actually excited to show a house in the East Mountains! I never thought I'd say something like that in my life!
I wish delivered!
When there is a long line at the coffee counter and you get complicated, unspeakable things need to happen to you.
oh! Well, that's even better advice then!
A mini one...it's 70F right now....but we have a crosswind with the windows open....so we are good *S*
how can i get my crush to like me hmm
you iz weird! :D
"DOUGHN'T GO IN THERE."
I am about to purge my Facebook page of about 100 "likes" sounds like a fun way to spend an evening.
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse! - Groucho Marx
Nervousness in Kentucky hasn't been this high since the first Civil War
He also has a bumper sticker on his computer that says "Who is John Galt?" So, there you go.
nice. Where are u located
Lol my seafoam green Mountain Dew Baja Blast is the same color as my shorts.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!! Maybe I could get a follow!!! PLEASE!!!! :]
If you have any questions, please feel free to tweet us!
good luck!!
Good Luck today seeking the sweep
Going to see the wild cows of vermont
Im not going try and be your friend anymore. You are going to have to earn my friendship from now on.
thanks, they were great! hope to see you again soon!
omg hold up qurl, I have like the same ones!!
post-meeting: I drank two large glasses of orange juice.
My dog viciously growls at neighbor's set of animatronic lawn reindeer.
im mr.reckless with a capital R
I meant real email address, so I can use more than 140 characters.
sorry, it's not my fault everyone else has to pee at the same time as you. maybe don't drink so much beer?
Is it wrong that I have a cartoon crush on Violet?
Is Ah Straight Stranger .
I'm just used to at least 20GB. Less than that means I have to be more discriminating with what i put on there. i like options!
When will Roenicke realize that Loe is not an 8th inning guy? #Brewers stink.
That itch you get on the top of your foot after you put your shoes on.
Awkward moment when u look up n see something at the wrong time even if it wasnt meant to be like that
I like it.
Lol no I definitely did not! We had a mellow trip. No dry humping the floor for us!
Every day I find yet another reason to be happy about switching over to a Mac and another reason to love my Mac Air.
My monorail is 50 years old. That's a good number to stop at. Can we tear it down please? Let's face it: it's kind of shitty.
Matusz made Hamilton look silly during that at bat.
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk. - Italian Proverb
Off to University of Wisconsin for the first of 4 speaking engagements! Go Ash Ash!
she so cute
what are yhur plans for todaii!???
Great meeting today, looking forward to working together!!
Whoever blocking your #blessings, YOU need to block out of your life. #livistithramblings, #life, #relationships,
Thank you Deb! That really means a lot!
Milwaukee Ballet | The Nutcracker 3 Day Sale runs through Wednesday. Get all the magic at a fraction of the price! www.milwaukeeballet.org
Wow! What a game!
did you read my # personalmessages that I've sent you.
So now Real Estate Connect is the Inman Data Summit? OMG!!! What's next?
#brio flatiron Obama is down the block. Stop by for a plate of pasta Mr. President
Its hot af in this bitch # not feeling it
Feed me
so glad you enjoyed the concert! The kids have been working very hard. Hope to see you around!
watching music vids :) u?
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!!!!
keep ur head up. Do work. U be back before we know it!
P.S. is doing a fantastic job on pregame stuff. He's articulate and quite frankly adorable. :-)
We hope everyone has a wonderful holiday surrounded by family and friends!-From everyone at Locust Productions
It has been a great year had fun playing with all you guys!! -- ryanmo2187
Job hunting ....
HOLY MAC AND CHEESE! XD
Retweet for a cause. Each retweet sends $2 towards #lifesaving #heart research & education from ’s.
dang! Are they just getting frustrated or what?!
Lookin at my mentions and all i see is my girlfriend beautiful facee <3 >>>>>>>>>>>>>> :)
Omg found out stuff I really didn't need to know I would have been happy to find out 3 months from now
Please call us at 1-800-947-4033 so we can follow up. Sorry to hear about the poor service you received!
Not yet :-( I snuck off to the health fair after your talk, but hopefully you're still around when we return
Come on by the 10th Annual Spring Bazaar today and tomorrow 9a-4p Over 70 vendors, with arts & crafts, deals, prizes, and so much fun!
People... CrossFit Harlem was rough this morning. SYN is no joke!
Hey lady! So proud for you today! You rock!
I haven't found the right guy);
if you think that all I can say is "what a fool believes"
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away
I'm down to fight !
Sometimes I wish I wasn't dating a senior
congrats on SNL!
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE night-Sunday-We The Granada-Pygmaeus
does this include Cowboy poetry? haha
Chinese food<3
lol nope not yet
thank you very much for the shoutout! I am glad you liked it! Let me check out your comment and respond :)
oh, trust us. We are. it's on.
jasper of course
say what?
Don't wait sign up now and get a free class
Obviously watching Elf on USA.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs. Now we have no Job..df Job
Just learned happy hour is illegal in the state of Illinois.
wow didn't realize you and were on twitter...
Hey Folks! What are we talking about this evening?
lolololol why though, im excited to see you
Learn about C history at Breakheart - Wicked Local
This weekend H.S. Hoops - Looking at 2012 ESBC nominees Zack Elcano (2012,Westfield H.S.), and Marcus Knight (2012, Gar-Field H.S.)
Thank you so much for following
Have you told someone about If All Else Fails Productions today?!
I like to think of this as "jewelry for your home"
I'm god I don't have school anymore hahaha :)
Congress finally passed the Local Community Radio Act on Saturday evening.
#lrnchat always but then you run into encoding and decoding issues so skill set of learners need to be on par
dinner sat is perfect for me!
My sleep schedule is so messed up. Just woke up! :D
I'm so dumb for leaving all this hw to do right nowww ! :(
Dean: dammit, i look like one of the blues brothers. Sam: aww no you dont. U look more like a 7th grader at his first dance.
I have it(:
we'll be on Friday night to watch the season 1 finale. Join us!
Adida$ won that battle.
Rexy Ryan is the cuter one of the Ryan Twins
ok talk to me then(; <U+2764>
Seattle Fats Writers group meets tomorrow night in the lounge, 7-9pm.
the trench coat is back baby lol
hm, ok. Hope it's fixed soon. xoxo
Stitchy Sundays is having the day off to celebrate mothers.
The Ace Hardware we opened.
???? RT : Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
This weekend make sure to watch & - some of the most thought-provoking TV out there! #FF ,
Let us know when you'll be in :) RT : You're on! Wanna meet at Twin Anchors some weeknight? Or ...
Well Brunch is up!Sahara toast,Moroccan tarts,Biscuits with Egg,bacon,tomato,Breakfast Sandwiches,Fresh Granola,fat free yogurt,french toast
Some kids live to hold a gun, to shoot somebody. That's the only way they know, all they think about.
Thank you to Senator Menendez's Office for meeting w/ Ed & Tom to discuss #Muskie program and other
I'm so sorry to the folks that got that stupid spam text from me. My twitter account has obviously been hacked. Don't click on the link!
No one deserves to go through what she went threw
- love that one, too!
I'm having second thoughts about the cactus wrestling contest.
that's a different story entirely, but you said a million blankets and covers. Boom.
He is not here; for He is risen, as He said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay. Matthew 28:5-6. Katt Williams and Will Ferrell
NO BOO! We are going to buy a tent & stalk 1 direction the whole day!
Video Shoot 8:00 pm at Triple A!! Come make a Cameo!!!! First 10 ladies get Free Smooth!!!!!
no le muestres el pan a Los hambrientos! :P
Sorry, it was at Leff's Lucky Town. Don't worry, check in the next two days from 11 to 1 for more chances to win the gift card.
Correction. Hookah Bar and My Bed.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
I be texting back slow as hell. Lol.
i could totally run 10km in 100 hours.. that's not hard at all man
just had football practice
"Come with me by yourselves to a quiet place and get some rest." - Jesus Mark 6:31 NIV
Yes!! Great idea.
Ew no he's too ugly
No one ever eats their own food, we always end of mixing all of our lunches. lmfao , , & twitterless Julie <3
In uncertain times, we must lean on our faith.
Trip to Sally Bell's for box of cupcakes. Cupcakes: $8; the joy of getting a $40 parking ticket: priceless.
Rainy ass nights >
Shouldn't it be the other way around ;-)
What a game!
lmfao why u always ranking ?
If I hadn't been so lucky I'd be, shootin' pool in my bachelor pad. Playing bass in my cover band.
Reading is the best vocab exercise! I promise! My students (mostly) don't believe this -- will you?
I have a penchant for tomfoolery, it's in my mischievous nature, so I apologize for any discomfort I have caused you.
Weird ass ppl s reaming out my window
idk it has to be a good movie though!
oh yes, one million congrats! sending over lady lovin.
Yes, It's here again! Happy Friday All, let the weekend begin ;)
Join one of the fastest-growing law firms in #Boston as their Conflicts Analyst! The firm is actively seeking an experienced candidate to j…
"...houses in the neighborhoods." Nice.
A3: E-mail for elaborate communication. Social Media for engagement and relationship building.
Life is too good not to live with grace.
I duly apologise for my Canyon.... So to speak
Sister sleeping in my bed means no Mike&Mike this morning. How will I know what's going on in the world?
Love the new music video guys!
The second season really is a lot better. Ron Swanson alone makes it worthwhile!
I'm alright..
In milwakee heading for Manhattan!
lost the "gloat factor" today as it's the same weather & temp in Los Angeles as it is in Nottingham.... not a happy camper...
PlayBook sold out in India as festive sale gives RIM tablet rare boost
These storms are wicked really need someone to cuddle with anyways follow me
- Saw Mazzy at the most incongruous show ever: them, Jesus & Mary Chain & Velvet Crush. Great show, tho
I think it's funny when a girl can beat a guys ass
Jumpball gives it back to Panthers...steal by Nored, foul by Ryan Allen. Dogs have it down one 5:00 to play
listening to 1D while trying to finish a history project at 4 a.m.
Going to visit what is hopefully our new office this morning!!! AAAAAHHH!
same here. I love this show...
Same day I learn about my awesome tax return, fools rip off my debit card! Partly my fault, but still so uncool.
I think it was after seeing the movie wild things that I knew I had lesbian tendencies
Just how can a game end in a draw?
Zach Brown Band on #pandora radio is amazing!
To know the power in your thoughts & words , means you grasp the secret of a quiet center.Me
You are only what you want to be :-P
But I can't wait, because I have a great committee.
Thanks Great presentation.
WOW - this week we were in Arizona doing photo shoots, back in NY teaching, working and doing parties. SO BUSY - but loving it! :)
hate hate hate. A bunch of community service-doing thugs with 3.5 GPA's huh? Haha.
Its a content farm: ": the tabloid-esque tech articles are so bad. #embarassing #notnews #linkbait"
About to hit tha studio
REDVINES are the SHIAAAAAT!!! Red, Black, Grape!! Are there more flavors??!
#insidecongress Well done! Great job BW & crew
Immortals was pretty good tho...so epic it makes me want get into some trouble tonight
Boone's solo shot in the bottom of the 11th gave the Yankees a 6-5 victory over the Red Sox. It also won the Yankees their 39th AL Pennant.
RT - Miami Dolphins cheerleaders = Best in the NFL
i think i am going to cry.
see you there!
"Food is our common ground, a universal experience." - James Beard
Our 2010 Pinot Noir fruit has arrived safely from California! Winemaking season has officially begun!
Someone busier than you is exercising right now. Take your healthcare into your own hands and do what can prevent many diseases...EXERCISE!
- Thanks for the follow, excellent service via twitter!!
so wats up
I had a cool idea for Taxi Shit
praying for a speedy recovery.
better losing by one than six or seven points
My work building has been converted to the "Allegheny Civic Building" for the filming of "Steel Town"!
what's up stranger...lol
dont let the name fool ya...we from the hood...where we eat greedy daily come round our hood n dallas, tx n get merked pussy ass niggaz
Mixing Mucinex D with Zyrtec D. We
definitely. Also, congrats on the promotion to Philly! Two years hosting in a row, nicely done :)
I don't know, removing words from vocabularies sounds rigid and inflexible. Just sayin' :)
Why is "Rick Santorum" emailing me 3 times day all of the sudden. Anyone else get this recently?
Obama, get off my TV. you're interrupting Jeopardy.
thanks for the follow!
No. hosts #SmackoffOnAMobile tomorrow on 1560am The Game in Houston. Check it out. Epic.
What I wish I'd had for lunch.
Q: What is the difference between Windows 95 and Windows 98? A: 3 years
People post location-specific jobs to all the time.
#Imagine Robert: "Katy Perry is so hot." Austin: "I know (ur name) is." -smiles dreamily- Robert: "Err, I said Kat-" Austin: "-Shutup."
#ReplaceDemiSongsWithTits Get back= Get tits
To celebrate 76ers win buy 4 beers for 28 bucks tomorrow night Phil's game from number 77 only
Great to see at meeting tonight.
Let me into your world
I seriously cannot wait for & ' new band. I need my family back in my life.
Who's coming out to see us this week? We're waiting!
Rebooting my Mac fixed the "An unknown error occurred (13213)" problem after the 2.1 upgrade
loving my life. amazing how good everything looks after a yummy family dinner!
#schoolmemories...riding a trolley..riding on the back of beer wagons to earn dough and history was my favorite subject..
it is
What's my favorite cheap wine? I'm always quick to answer: anything by Hahn Estates, esp. their Merlot Central Coast 2007 (fab for only $12)
Working with buyers Joe & Katie this morning and then volunteering at Moore Place w/DiVAs Charlotte this afternoon!
I updated 7 reference handouts today. I think I can eat my lunch now. Whew~~~~
Our Webseries: Smoking is an Official LA Webseries Festival Selection!!!!!! Congrats everybody!!!!!! Can't wait to attend!
RT : EB 275 closed between Reagan Highway and Colerain for rollover crash with ejection
Just got a teacher to say I spank myself!
you should check out smuggler's cove. they give you drinks in skulls.
Finished writing the outline to novel today, a total of six pages single spaced. Yes, I can finish writing it now.
Downloaded the jimmy johns apps for going out purposes.
will do!
we have puppy formula for pups, kitty formula for kittens, and bird formula for birds...but what do you give rat pups? that is the question.
it is a great day to b alive n b blessed!
Charles and Baltimore be ready to eat we will be there by 11 and until 2.... Plenty of Lobster today let's eat :)
I had an amazing weekend. Smitten!
coffee, hot tea or hot chocolate?
#tk11...point is that pedagogy of adult learning hasnt in fact changed. What has changed are the technologies to enable, enhance, learning
Last but not least, and remember these are just some tips to get you going
gotcha thanks, i know there was a former NYRB winger with same name, about 5'10, but i guess thats not him
Cruel Intentions was a weird but good movie.
Why can't the cute boy on the plane ever sit next to me. Like in the movies. Where you at cillian murphy!
Exxon's 4Q Profit Surges 53% Amid Higher Oil Prices
The good news is. The no was hopeful.
Love your background pic!
awfully strange - still happening?
and it was beautiful to watch.
Aiden will be starting with a new O.T. tomorrow. I hope he likes her :) #autism #occupational therapy
It's ok. All my Yankee Tweeps aren't paying attention yet.
Start your thanksgiving break off right with some Owls Hoops. Rice vs. Florida A&M at 7 PM in Tudor tonight!
Thanks for the RT!
We're pumped! RT : We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*
You know the game has changed when you 6'10" wing throws and alley oop to your 6'2" PG
even more excited now to attend this saturday. #Amesdebate was hot! So excited
Now if we could just get Teague and lamb back....
Another day in the books.
what im about to tweet right now, is also a
oh really? Aww :-(
Have your students Google themselves to see if they have a digital footprint.
tell Carrie hello for me and get a twitter!
that awkk moment when hes on skype and all those memories of certain convos start coming back...
RT “: When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15.”
- Great question! We recommend speaking to the front desk staff. They are trained on identifying the best therapist for a person.
Good morning Atlanta, it's a lil wet out there, keep dry! If you need help placing any orders, don't hesistate to give us a shout!
On my way to
Mark Zuckerberg calls it $15.5 billion. Guess who's laughing harder?
Nothing quite like delivering Junot Diaz's phrase "one guru motherfucker" to 70 of Vienna VA's finest writer-grandparents. I love my job.
Thanks for the shoutouts !
almost always. makes a blanc of Pinot under the Novy label. And of course used in champagne.
Wouldn't that be overlake? RT : Uh, Canada isn't overseas RT : Is this our second punter from overseas?
no names, keep it under the table
On TwitterFall, you can halt the feed while you're trying to catch up.
i work with prosthetic patients-which i love. But u hear the funniest things....things i thought id never hear in my entire life...
I heart Bean Sprouts on my salad at #tweetheart I love to share a great salad with Grand Baby Spencer. maybe tonight.
I didnt know Augustus Gloop goes to UWM. I guess he needs the degree to get a job after he didnt win the Wonka Factory.
who you calling silly?? Cuz u betta be calling us #SKC Doughboys....silly cus it's all we do
Summer please come soon <3
Somewhere out there someone is thinking of YOU!<3
Remember when going to Whole Foods or the Mall was an eventful thing to do in our day? Let's not go back there.
Mediocrity is more comfortable than failing at achieving excellence. Seeing someone reach higher than their current grasp is pretty rare.
The Smithsonian Latino Virtual Museum's immersive learning, online community in Second Life - effective or not?
Earthquake? Just thought the parking ramp I was in was shaking from some of the people here
when spam bots offer blog crits: "I liked reading your submit. Got 2 be honest tho the first thing I read on yr weblog was kind of messy"
Man i hate computer tech
If u get a chance. Stop by my page. I guarantee it'll put a smile on ya face. GOD bless. 100
I am glad the Vikings are staying, but I will never buy an electronic pull-tab to help them build it.
incredibly underwhelming and disappointing, yet very predictable talk from Pearson. Such a lazy product offering
Beware if you have your stuff at on aurora. 7 breakins this month. Get your stuff out before it's liberated for you.
talking about and giving props to
Rest, and courage. That's what I need for my journey today. Lord FatherSonSpirit God, hear my prayer.
wait....idk if I like that or not... lol
we love you baby!
I think I've got it! The tweet I just sent that u RTd should do the trick! That's what I put in my pimping tweets already! :-)
I once met a fellow named Charlie he then proceeded to hand me a door knob and said the forest is far. He then walked away.
#icr12 thank you organizers for fine sustenance for breakfast and lunch
Jocelyne Daw will be signing her book "Breakthrough Nonprofit Branding" from 4-5pm today!
'Between the stimulus and the response, there is a space, and in that space lies our power and our freedom'-Victor Frankl via Tara Brach
i shit on niggas thats why i rap wit a diapper on
everyday after 6 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
hahaha catnip scores... crash.test dummy... well crashes and smith gets a penalty.
Welcome to the world of Penn State alumni. Your Scepter of High-Mindedness is in the mail.
Oh work you never surprise me .. Guy that said "oh where to you workout, your so fit" it's not working I don't want your old ass
Bummed by razor burn? & 3-step regimen to the rescue! Get 20% off shaves during May w purchase.
got a job:)
Favors, great pick up! Marion is done, keep an eye on Tristan Thompson on Cleveland! RT Any early season pickups?
Lame, aren't we?! We'll make a point to not suck so much this week.
Thought you might! ;)
Did you see #Titanic3D this weekend?
I'm thinking yes...
Dont ever bring chicken round me
Shout out to my cousin Laken on her college graduation from MSU! And acceptance to grad school.Good job!
yep I make good similies
RentGaslamp.com now offering Fall rental specials
which ones did you get? I'll have to check my Rx for the PD measurement, I didn't think about it...
Yeah, what he said. RT : Not sure git add -p is any faster than my trusty cp/edit/commit/mv algorithm, but it sure feels bad ass.
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: The class of 2012 is leaving college with something that many graduates since the sta...
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 68
bout time
yeah. Isn't Randle wearing the same # as Manningham?
that breaks my prediction but I'm glad it does lol
I had a great time last night @ the Soho Film Fest awards! :)
It was a nice gesture. Make sure everyone stays respectful!
And as always, you are too, too humble.
Yes. Yes at least you didn't say the F-word! :) hehe
T-2 weeks until the Spring/Summer Catalogue is available! Book your party now with #wklessevolution and get first dibs on all the new scents
what I find amazing is when people put QR codes on their sites. Just like people that use URL shorteners outside of twitter.
Nice! RT : YES!!!!!! on contract at #GH. NO ONE is happier than me right now. Congrats darling. Great news!
Don’t fear failure so much you refuse to try new thingsThe saddest summary of a life contains 3 descriptions:could've,might have&should've
congrats you crazy!
For real? Where u at? Im here. lol
Good news Vikings fans...new stadium deal is done. Vikes have a new home for next 30 years!
When Martin Luther rejected #Catholicism & started the Protestant Reformation, did he envision there'd be different types of #Lutherans?
Thank you to Alisha Tierney of U Can Own A Home, she sent us one of her vacant listings! We are excited to get it HIT Caretaker Occupied!
Yikes! That's disturbing. I can't imagine opening a vanilla email like that, much less a submissive email.
Been working on some big changes for this year!! Thanks for your patience...stay tuned!
Haha no much & you?
Thanks for the follow!
me on a nice day
Any suggestions for a new video for me to record???
a walk to remember is too cutee. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><U+2764>
You try to resolve conflict but what do u when yer voice of concern, u feel turns into a nuance?
oh ok. So why have you only tweeted me and I'm the only one you follow?
I stopped poking cause i was tired (; but he still wants to poke.
AARP? Oh my! Bright side is your data being present in their database obfuscates the accuracy any other conclusions about you.
' lmfao nasty self
It was a pineapple something-or-other. How are things going over at ? Now THAT is some food I can't wait for!
it's the most unprofessional thing I've seen. Half the time he is joking about his dad and translating what he says to English
go spurs go my man
Pacers are gonna win this series
that is great to hear will be starting tomorrow! Anaheim series, get to come out to CA. HA
On the shuttle w/ and many others to rally for libraries!
In retrospect, knowing I was semi-sick and spending Sat. getting rowdy in Nashville anyways was probs not smart...sinus infection deserved
bet that up bro! Thanks for the invite.
ONLY 28 HOURS TO DONATE TO HELP SAVE OUR FILM!! www.indiegogo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix GET A NEW Ipad2 with a $5 donation
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 33
i love the theater such a wonderful place!!!!!!
What a miserably muggy day today - but on the plus side, the commuters at w Baltimore looked great despite running shoes
Heard Call On Me in the car this morning. Instantly thought f you.
ESPN Classic is starting them tonight. With raised prices you might be
well hello there stranger ;)
At a verizon wireless store explains to a rep how an iPad data plan is supposed to work. Kill me now.
Nap time. Been up all night. Quick Z's then a few errands.. Eventually making way to DJ at LOCAL SIXTEEN --Come o. By tonight!~
Yes Del Zotto
#10FactsAboutMe 5: I've dealt with depression, and almost gave in. If it weren't for the Boyz I wouldn't be here.
I only make you laugh to see your boobs bounce.
Just came to the realization that Im dating a guy with tattoos, piercings & a mohawk. I am my grandmother's worst nightmare.
marc cartwright photography, he did my headshots he is pretty awesome
Not as good as Simple Plan, tho.
Yes! That thing might be worth something* one day (*a few beanie babies).
I think that was ^^
Why do I keep making out with girls with big noses? I keep getting poked in the eye.
retweeting or answering back would make my day<3
I didnt know till a few hours ago that kim K have so much breast...lol..:-)
It would be awesome if a social networking guru would follow me and tell me how to gain more followers.
It's tragic really, absolutely tragic. Although I will be relaxing on the beach in the OBX so I think I MIGHT get over it! ;)
No more fish tacos!!! So sad! I'm open Friday though.
Except in the case of buying an expensive dog. Then you are poor again. But so much happier! :-p
Not as much bike traffic in Irvington, but it is here!
This is the first time in a long time that I've ever cried like this.
Hey, Guess What? It's Raining. Again.
no, now we go for burgers and beer.
i am irreversibly ignorant
- Mixing a Space Attack song on which you played guitar today. Fun stuff!
thank you it is big, and i love it.
A little gloom is underrated. I find it much more romantic than sunshine. (said the girl from Ohio who now lives in Florida)
totally one of best parts of working at home, but also can go terribly wrong. haha
I love you to
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart | Samuel Taylor Coleridge
I agree stop spending on war planning,do we need an empire? Bob
I just parked in the "expectant mother" parking spot to run into the package store... Nothing is right about this tweet!
lol ik but its so good!!
so am i, but why does it matter if they want to get married? If they're happy, that's all that matters.
cool been rehersing with band all day...
Who's the most appropriate person to contact at your management's company? :-)
Good morning All :) Going to take some Class today! Hoping to bump into friends xoxo
comedian Chris Elliot had a stand-up schtick in the '80s in which he opened a can of Alpo and ate it.
Mucho Mango Arizona
There is surely a difference. But IMHO, you cant be useful without being usable. And if you are usable and not useful, what a waste.
fingers crossed!! Lol
If you juggle my kindness im going to assume you are a clown
cereal is for anytime nigga. -__- if I eat both now I won't be hungry until tomorrow. Lol .
Gardening tip of yester years @ www.myfreegenealogy.com share your gardening does & don'ts
Here's Gwyneth Paltrow...singing country...ugh. Also, she looked terrified.
taxes, done. Thanks
Anyone ever have a product with an item ordered from - I got an iPhone case and it didn't fit right
You know sometimes it's ok to not participate in annoying internet memes. And what the hell is a meme anyway?
why is your face so attractive? It's not fair.
Just a reminder to all my Soccer watching followers..todays UCL Game is on FX, not FSC...
: I need tires too!!!
you rock! My train thanks you.
Hoping for November! We should have it firmed by mid April! Follow to stay updated!
I love and They keep it real! I would definitely be with them.
naw im straight
Don't gamble with Jason on this game, he is a hustler... but if you do
when will you have a free fro-yo for #nonprofit employees day in #DC??
You dont understand how many fabulous people we got down here in banditvill right now
It feels good to not give a fuck
That going to b interesting....RT : Im goin wit him
San Antonio this Weekend for <Severed Ties > Christmas Party!! Cant flipping wait!! Its going to defiantly go down!!!
Busy Busy Busy!
Friend asks how can avoid becoming president. Easy: he's ineligible, having been born on Krypton.
Canada libraries' 18million eyes/yr on their websites got the attention of publishers regarding eBook ventures
Wow, the conclusion to #Castle's 2-parter was...underwhelming.
said Gretchen is a "jack of all trades;master of none." But, that's just what the haters say. LOL
Working the day away at Creative Density Coworking
Some ppl can say the meanest things and not even know theyre hurting someone!
The next award at the Embassy of South Africa, Washington D.C #Freedom day goes to Mr. #Harry Belafonte!!
I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.
has a new favorite restaurant. buffalo wild wings :)
Praying for you as you write!
Schedule a massage for the weekend to de-stress from yiour busy, hectic week.
Missed you at the FTDNA conference!
. their is no
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Slowest day of life!
No quince. The espresso gelato was fantastic, though. And passion fruit sorbet.
Gary Allan has a song with the same title.
Happy Friday! Ready for more snow?
Agree! impressed by of at #WOMCC: Insights on how to deal w/negative word of mouth! Customer service
Hi-five of the day: if u travelled completely without using or borrowing gas
Just for our wonderful #CHIchat friends >> Stop by anytime this week and say "Shop " to get 10% off your tab!
When people say "fuck you," I yell back "no you fuck me!"
hahah I'm scared
I'd rather be doing pt
when they do, it's usually on a piece of dog shit. Hell of a trade off.
:( i saw your tweet on my computer, that's why.
I love boobies and i want to see some boobies!!:)
Matt Weiner with another writing credit. 4/4 this season?
Urban Dictionary-it! I know you're being facetious!
*hands u a stack* go to the store for me lil nigga
Watching unusual partnerships create beautiful things. Robert Plant and Alison Krauss for starters. More to come...
At Jewel City Diner with //
congrats on emmy nod - "officer down"
Keep Warm tonight with our CHICKEN POT PIE served with ALL WHITE MEAT, ASPARAGUS, BABY CARROTS, PEAS
I'd've made a great New Yorker: The look on people's faces when I blow past them as they're waiting for the crosswalk to turn ... priceless!
My 1st single is coming up this year. It's called "Flyin' so high" you guys are gonna love it.
You know I'm friends with and . Didn't see the movie, but good friends of mine.
This liking a guy thing is #Difficult. I think I just need to smoke a bowl on it.
i know thats why it would be at my moms
ah thank you!! I owe you snuggles for this!
99% people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
Except more lispy due to the fat tongue.
Today has been pretty good<U+E415>
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Ha-ha...true! RT : There's only so much consolation that can be had from "I don't have to water the garden" Enough rain already.
Xmas tree mulching Mon-Sat entire month of Jan from 9 am to 2 pm at the Reedbird Ave Drop-off Center (701 Reedbird Avenue)
nope hahaha respect this man.!
But of course! Sounds terribly fun. So fun you are probably done and onto some other alien task. :-)
donut would be worse. Try lite or whipped cream cheese. ;-) *hugs*
How much?
Thanks! I feel liberated and only slightly nervous
It's a shame that the next three seasons are so wildly inconsistent
Christmas shopping dis ye is a lil harder....kids older and more picky.....
“: Rep. Cheri Gerou has already committed to sending #civilunions out of Approps and to the House floor. #coleg”
this might be the closest definition of clutch i've seen; see the end of the article.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow she tweets you every morning and night and at school your all she talks about(: <3
I'll send you a link when I post the review on my blog... in the next week or so.
whts good bra I will be out there next weekn
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they’re yours. – Richard Bach
Orgo Lab Report. Growl.
I agree
No offense, no defense, no bullpen, an unneeded closer, & 5 starters (1 on the DL, 1 going to the Yankees next yr, & 2 not great).
So excited to be planning our premiere screening! Battling exhaustion to do so but dammit we're gonna have a kick ass party!
I always had so many issues with my androids..
haha..your tweets always make my day!!:))
I'm quite familiar with that. It is quite hateful.
lmao. I'll see you down there.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Referee asks if you’re the new guy during team check ins.
happy to take those December to Remember tix off your hand :)
I'm not big into gender segregation. Except in bathrooms. Then again, I don't like anyone in the room when I go.
"Everybody has to learn for the first time." Joshua Lederberg
not yet ;)
nope it just automatically do it
Forget school, classes, papers, and boring professors. Let's just make it summer, already.
Ikr! It's just crazy
Again I got asked if I like to fish, cause of my Koi tattoo. I have fished twice in my life. If u didn't know I don't fish. I love Oklahoma!
C7 Trivia: What is Circle7's connection with Revolution era serial killers The Harpes?
I didn't realize it was already 1 a.m. Welp, goodnight!
Don't get me wrong, I'll be DELIGHTED to see you (I miss you), but if you're not feeling better, don't come in!
c2 is headed back out of town today. -Just returned yesterday. :-/.
What two hits with RISP? In the same night? That scored runs? From the #SFGiants? Must be seeing things...
The attention is getting right now is crazy...But it shows what hard work and faith does for a determined individual.
Or lack thereof. RT : Somewhere, Mark Cuban is giving Gilbert a standing ovation. And is jealous at the size of Gilbert's testicles.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf In any way you harm children. Physical and emotional abuse is wrong.
Thanks ! Yours too. It's FRIDAY!!
It's Mother's Day, you are forgiven from all crazy acts. Well, at least forgiven by the people at Hallmark.
naww that was definitely before lol
you're making an assumption that I'm a catcher. Why?
what happened?
Great to hear! Thanks for the response.
Weather too cold for you? Order with NOLA Food Delivery and we can bring you want you need!
How to Build Multiple Streams of Residual Income
The Obama-Bell Tape is the early Atari commercial featuring Pete Rose hawking their baseball cartridge.
I'm not overwhelmed, nor am I underwhelmed. I'm just whelmed.
Your mom wants you to buy the new album next week. And drink more coffee.
Davis Carlisle and Lindsay Filardo eloping? I don't know that he's capable of monogamy.
have a great day.
goin on facebook i'll b back soon i guess lord knows another tine another day
for the rest of my life?!?
lmaoo chill. just kno that one BlueLIT has a shit load of calories that when we consume them we have to starve ourselves for 2days.
So I finished reading Brian Weiss' "Only Love is Real". Wow. I'm going to buy his other books. Like, now.
hey you, yeah you, answer your dm's pweasee :)
at a terrible beauty now
Can we give the Swiss Santorum too, as a two-for-one deal?
Summer Institute at Xavier-Embracing Technology—Tools to Teach Lifelong Communication and Innovative Instruction for Individuals with Autism
Demetre, I am talking to you from 1994. I got your attention now didn't I?
Staying home this weekend to watch BigTimeMovie! with #Boybands<3
Thanks for such a warm welcome, Tinashe (:
I have fond memories of trills in marching band; jazz is where I come across flutes most now. If Grover would just form a combo~
“: When girls get on their tip-toes to kiss you.”
#Take10Teach10 anyone? MT : Can you help? Check out this question on #OpenStudy: "Need Proof of square root of 194 plz hel !!!" …
Saw that you had some questions about Feeding Children Everywhere Would love to talk.
Now is the time. My needs are great, but my possibilities are greater.
AMEN! RT : 85% of our stress is not our its other people. Release that stress & go! Via Pastor J. Bryant
Downton Abbey- awesome show... Perfect if you like anything British
RT : because Tuesday is the new Thursday for and I
HEY Jessi Lollipop, YOU OPENING YA SET WITH "MISS-BEHAVE" FEAT JMac da Kid, MONDAY MAY 14th at The Whisky A Go Go??
Do agnostics believe in Karma?
"150 'American Artisanal Cheese Displays' at $19 a piece." Brooklyn Flea? No, GSA.
To quote "FUCK YEAH!" - AAAAGGGHHHH Gotta Go!
your album is brilliant. I love all your work. Hopefully I see your and 's collaboration. I love you both xx
reading and smelling book. it smells like a textbook. is it scary that i love that smell?
To those who didn't return, yet are with us always. To absent companions.
I don't understand why you ignore me. I would understand it if i did before 10 years something stupid to you, but i can't remember. Idiot.
That awkward moment when your dog stares you down and YOU actually look away first :)
I have tickets for only Sunday tho. :-)
Use books, toys, objects, say,"Show me; Point to; Touch the; Find the..."to dev receptive knowledge, strengthens expressive skills later
Fuck wit my fam ...ill walk ya lil sister by a window seal and then tumble her
It's Poem in Your Pocket Day, and the poem in my pocket is actually 285 poems. #GoiPod What's your #pocketpoem?
Fireworks CS6 has what looks like tight CSS and jQuery integration - It produces both! Potentially really interesting stuff.
The true fact is that modern handcrafted soap, though necessarily made with lye to get true soap, has no lye in the final product.
I don't believe in a tough market for cookies. Come on, they're cookies!
That's a long way2 swim,bike,run :-( RT : Well, the 400 miles apart thing might have to do with that as well.
I wonder if Robin Ventura looks toward the Rangers owner's box, sees Nolan Ryan... And quivers a little.
Anyways .. beginning of a beautiful week.. !
thinking of what movie to watch. you ?
Saw a Fiat 500 with a license plate that read “Q” and laughed. I don’t know if he was part of the Continuum or works for MI6.
I look forward to the day I become a mother
Happy Vday to all in Twitterland!! I wish love & happiness to everyone not just today though but EVERYDAY!! 8-)
I went to see the movie yesterday
I've had a twitter for like ever what do you mean? haha
I saw OJ Mayo play at the All A Classic when he was in 8th grade. He hasn't gotten that much better.
I don't think I can come over cause I need help with this crap and my mom won't get up and help me
Oh and yay for the Giants winning =)
In other news, I think I just achieved a new level of nerd status.
Of course they are! They're my favorite RT : Thin Mints are now officially the most popular Girl Scout cookie. Thoughts?
AP-WH test <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
With all the great chocolate shops and patisseries I'd be tempted all the time. That's why I only go to Paris for my birthday
ur first single! Watta surprise 2 wake up to! So excited! Haha i just called 10 people & scream into my phone haha <3 love u!
i always hope for the best.
<33333 FOLLOW ME PLEEAASSEE BC I LOVE YU AND I WOULD GO CCRAZY IF U DID<3
Registration is open for #Edcampss! Sign up now, donate $10 and get an Edcampss T-shirt. See you in Philly March 24th.
JB > One Direction
April 29 1992, there was a riot on the street tell me where were you?
Valley Sports: The Waverly baseball & softball teams face ND at home today at 4. Waverly tennis have a match at home today as well. Say...
Glad I brought my "London-Tested" umbrella to #sxsw. A blustery day.
Looking forward to the #GWU Strategic Planning Town Hall Meeting!
Glad to have you stop by!
Failing at Wordpress. 2nd time tried to save draft & accidentally published. Fixed but now my few followers received email w unfinished post
Watching Castle
why thank you! :)
my little sis is throwing a tantrem #helpme :O
If doesn't drive down to Raleigh to hang this summer, will be deleted.
I can't grasp why I need to learn so many useless concepts in school. Like matrices and concavity. Seems pretty silly.
Anyone interested in facilitating the group's Facebook page? Looking for a Co-Admin on Meetup...
RT : 'To each his own terror, to each his own isolation.' —Derek Walcott, "The Figure of Crusoe" (1965), p. 40.
Sorry for being so quiet on the tweets lately but you'll see soon why...but that's kinda the point here at Underbelly, in'it?
Watch for upcoming events for the New Year!!
Him:I<3 u Her:I<3 u 2 Him:No but I<3 u Her:Yea I<3 2 him:listen i<3 u Her:grinnin ear to ear i<3 u 2 Him:Theres tht smile I was lookin for
yeahh he pretty much made my life when he did that. <3
Perhaps that show isn't as bad as the promo's made it seem. But "the disappearance of Atlantis"? Really?
For the best, online selection of fabulous Design Options beaded holiday sweaters, please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com
#DrakeCriesWhen he misses a screening of THE RACKET BOYS.
Word Boston? Smh...
Smh any other day I'm fighting to stay awake now I can't sleep
friend or boyfriend Justin? ;)
I liked Hugo. Would have loved it if it was a short film.
I've heard 's Finest Hour in depth 25+ times & saw him perform it live in Orlando... It's STILL funny.
sorry to hear that. Hope it all works out for the best eventually!
Tonight, the people of Cleveland will go to bed happy...Tomorrow, they'll wakeup hit up the unemployment line and see their lives still suck
The workers at my polling place are so friendly! I wish I got to vote everyday.
i am currently listening to rush limbaugh's show and LOLing at the trainwreck.
The last time that I hugged a tree, I got a freaking splinter.
time to work on this beat my nigga finna send me
#teamnickasaur Lets trend it:)
the history is interesting but mostly it's just the buried city that's been looted and gutted.
so much to do !!
LMAO! Strong picture.
It's amazing how many of today's "style icons" don't actually seem to have style.
Its going down tonight....
's dad has his shirt off woot woot ;)
This is just hilarious, karmas a bitch babydoll ;D
Hey Milwaukee peeps heading to #SXSW, What #music are you most excited to hear?
That is what she said! Lol RT : Um.. You're on it backwards. "That's what she said!"
I'd like to thank for making me addicted to one direction -____- so much for trying to resist!
‘Paranormal Activity 3’ Is No. 1 Film, Sets Horror Record
Chandler, Tempe residents to gather for G.A.I.N Cities are encouraging residents to come outside and meet one another.
Play blackout by breathe carolina.. Hittu from virginia :)
seriously .. enough with the RTs just tel us who it is !
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
we just decided to take more time to practice - Zaona
Got some great info from the scores, including L vs R leg imbalances and that we have LOTS of work 2 do on upper body pulls!
done too :)
do you watch nfl game on sundays ??
listen to win Featuring & free DiGiorno Pizza's from
I could be headed to the Colts. #DoesntMatterHadSex with my giant breasted WHITE fiancé.
Wow. Having to switch sports for the heckle (and no Cornell connection!). Desperation.
#awkwardmomentwhen your talking to yourself and you look over and someone is watching you...
Burger King to buy cage free eggs and pork by 2017
No kidding! Move to Miami for the winter months and come back during the summer.
` every night on my #TL i see dudes tweeting about eating ass, either they sayin somebody else do it or they sayin they will never do it!
What's wrong with my Jen?? :( I love her. If you're reading, please pray for her. She needs healing.
Acknowledging Fear does not make you a Failure.
You know the Gophers suck when our goalie gets an assist. #scsuhockey Ben Hanowski scored his 14th goal- now he needs to get a hat trick!!
shit don't feel bad I'm bout to go shopping in a few
Sen Rockefeller to #teaparty guilty of legislative extortion which hurts avg Americans.
Yoga is wonderful - try it!
New favorite color: mint chocolate chip ice cream green.
Bringin a poker set! Bouta be fun as ever
Happy 133rd Birthday to Albert Einstein! Have you visited the Einstein Memorial on the NAS grounds at 2101 Constitution Ave., N.W. in D.C.?
I will try my hardest!(:
me, myself and I. lol
what is this?
so, I guess we over. That's kewl.
wait so is jordans new nickname jo??
RIP Amy Winehouse...what a talent
One direction has been on my mind for like 4 weeks now
orientation at Hyvee then dinner date wif my boy at Olive Garden
I suggest a Patio Lantern RT I need a drink after reading that...I'm so sad, must self medicate.
Hate making public presentations, feeling truly nervous about it.
I wish I could go to Port A
I respect if you're a guy and you wanna dress like a girl, but for real, next time you go out in public dressed like that, shave your face.
Q: Should we stay all day? A: It's a great chance to hear presentations! Stay if you can, but you don't have to.
What an inspirational evening! Special thanks to the amazing Lucinda Martinez & our sponsor #Dewars! Till next time!
My ex expected this perfect housewife type but wasn't willing to put forth any effort to make a woman WANT to conform
Or get a babysitter, and stay at a #green hotel for the night.
I wasn't calling you on improperly using guy, just on saying that was a poor choice. And it's not a big malicious thing, I know..
i thought i was all chingon n shit lol
Amen! RT : North Carolina - Where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin.
SHE ONLY LOVE HIM KUZ HE REMIND HER OF ME SHE HATE MY ARROGANCE BUT HE DONT KEEPIT REAL LIKE THIS! SHE DENY IT, SAY I DON'T COMPARE TO HIM..
to be a famous singer.<3
okay thanks!!!
Making steamed clams.
it's June 19th at noon , Thomas and Mack .
you said have a good weekend, implying we wouldn't talk.
Dang girl waddupp (: how u been ?
Perfect weekend.
Breaking out the multi-colored Sharpies and making "business cards" for DCWiki. Twitpic to follow...
Heading into NY after a long weekend
How is it possible that a package shipped 6 days ago, is still in the same location, & somehow says it's "on schedule"? Not for me.
Aw thanks! Me too! lol
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike." - J. K. Rowling
: "I love inciting riots on the Metro. It's pretty much a hobby. What? Settle down."
Class and 3 individual student meetings behind me, working through diss materials, much more to come
My USA boys are leadin 4/2 after the first day!
Why is Will Ferrell's mother the same age as him? He isn't black
I'm watching Source Code. so confusing, but it'll all make sense later.
I wish I could go to 's!We are not that far from each other
did you hear about that nut in central park?! It was assaulted! (as-salt-ted...) #PickMeEllen <3 I LOVE YOU! (:
Let's talk about sex baby. Let's talk about you and me. <U+2665>
I have never been more disappointed in my home state than I am right now.
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
Never fight another man's battle without knowing that man's fight
I seriously want to smack some of the people around me when I go shopping -_-
good morning to you! sweet dreams to me =) xo
Frugazy? RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there! And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
please follow me please .
Dang I just got super hungry...
I'm just suspended at the moment, but I have a hearing tomorrow to see if I get expelled.
I have been pondering if a turtle lost its shell would it be naked or homeless? What do you think?
thank you so much dear, for the call. I really appreciated it :)
Thanks for spreading the waffle love.
I just voted for #daf11_ImmersiveSurfaces at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
screw u, don't support padres, u don't support us medical cannabis patients. Lost my support.
A DC Blogger Directory is a great idea! You guys are awesome : )
"Everything we do will be First Class." - Stan Kasten
I'm very fond of doing movies where men fight over me. I don't get to do enough - Anjelica Huston
": oh, I don't want to be on that side of town" PREJUDICE!!! I hope I spelled that right ....
Thx for follow.
Mad Planet, best dancing in town hands down.
Hey alex!!!! :D are you creeping(; I sure hope so cuz I'm creeping on you, but shh don't tell Alex(;
meanwhile, the rest of the world could not care less ;)
“: Sluts Facebook status: "Like if you're a boy or a girl! <3" Me: "No bitch, I'm a fucking potato!"”
Words cannot express my level of joy and happiness right now!!!
Lovely sunset.
This Burkhead from Nebraska is tearing it up vs the Buckeyes. What an effort.
Just waited an hour and a half at to get my oil changed awesome #badservice working on
thanks :D & r u guys coming to Kentucky this summer?
Whee! I can't wait to look! THANK YOU!!
-_______________- did you say hi?
oh yeah? How does U, me, a 6 pack of O'Douls, and an abandoned Circuit City parking lot sound? My backseats fold down.
So happy to be flying back home to #Vegas just in time to see on the Strip tomorrow night!
I didn't win the Mega Millions, which means I still have to do my own laundry
they will not get it, they will think you are calling them a joke back!
Of course we finna slander, we not playing tonight so we could care less lol
my own group for what?? :o
Favorite songs from All Your Hate Knives And Pens Perfect Weapon Carolyn RT :)
Justin Bieber: .. You got Bieber Fever? - Rob Dyrdek: 'You did not just go there, bro.' LOL
#TimberviewMemories when cedar hill came to our school and tried to fight us
Who knew making macaroni on the stove was so complicated..
#HappyMothersDay Mother Earth
Sry pal, be out for personal reasons, I like LaRoche, Lahair, Handley
April Calderon gets on my nerves!
woohooo! We did it, congrats!!!
Recently... HALFWAY HOUSE by Katharine Noel...
#3WordsForYou suck my toe.
#ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest tonight 8pm! We want to give 2 followers +1 guest a VIP table as #Colts pick No. 1 Thurs!
Great session at last night. Won money and felted the biggest jerk at the table, twice !!.
Lmao , Not Coming From Him RT : RT Foh. Ugly Ass Winky Face ¦ I thought they all looked the same lol
Happy Birthday from all of us at #PointsofLight!!!!!
Sometimes you just sit back and wonder..#Gym to clear the mind, body and soul.
Yes! Their contract is for an infinite amount of product. It's a true miracle!
Just woke up. Fml
Hahaha, it is. I made a recording of that part of the movie. I gotta find it :)
lol ya a bit late mhan but im around wats good wit u? making moves?
I like to eat at Crisp
LOL! I been playing the show since 2004, pitched 3 perfect games
everyone does at one point in time
free burnt grilled cheese
Cancer treatment shows promise for rapid weight loss : )
I don't need arms around me I don't need no drugs to calm me
sure if you can hang
home sweet home..
I hate car places. getting oil changes, tires rotated, or anything. seriously, it gives me major anxiety. #brittnyproblems :|
lmfao is that even possible?
ah amazing !!
When you brand yourself properly, the competition becomes irrelevant
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
Let's get ready Knighthawks fans! Divisional play off game against Philly is sure to be just as exciting as last week. #letsgohawks!
The streets of gold , nd mansions are cool but to actually walk , converse nd worship Jesus is way better then that (:
"death is always a bad encounter"... much like 10 minutes of hold music courtesy of amazon.com... where are you, spinoza? i'm waiting.
Wednesday -5/25/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
On my other account it seems like theres no Ryan Beatty Fans....so there better be some RYNOSAURS on here!
thanks Tonya! Enjoy your flower :)
Just got flowers from ! #bestfriends really are the best.
Yes m'lovely <3
Facebook Groups --> Pages --> Fans --> Recommend --> Like --> Follow Anyone else confused?
Customer's total for her purchase comes up to be $6.66. "Oh shit!" is her response. Haha
Hey Pam Oliver, Desmond Bishop and AJ Hawk are not the same person
Every relationship can be a lesson in self-worth
According to most people " sex isnt everything " sex is gross " ... Untill you do it ... - COUGH - mom && dad .
no its a good thing!!(:
what you can't tell from the photo is how ridged it is. No flex or bend, so should be good for walls once it's sharp.
Chicken in the Car! Goin to Chicago!
Nassau Co's NICE buses have in running for about 2 months. Share your thoughts comparing them to the previously run MTA system.
What's the dudes name who says "Carla... The machine is still on" in clear and present danger.
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Every Mon. night at The Mad Frog - Live Salsa w/ TROPICOSO! Free Salsa lessons at 9PM, Tropicoso plays all night, plus great drink specials!
NEED FAST TURNAROUND ON PRINTING? CALL NOW 678.835.7625!!
Love it.
I think your account has been hacked -- I just got a phishing DM from your account.
You are the conductor of your own attitude! Nobody else can compose your thoughts for you Lee J.Colan
I'll call you later today
Dude at the MARVEL #Avengers midnight showing, head to toe Superman. I'm no comic guru, but even I know that's the wrong universe entirely.
Great music makes us smile!
im at the house inthe east. I want some ihop
"Let your Soul Shine.. It's better than Moonshine, better than Sunshine, it's damn sure better than rain!" :)
Down with the #Eagles!
have u been drinking? :)
So a cold bacon, egg, and cheese wrap leftover from my 8:30am meeting isn't a great lunch idea after all.
well said!
overheard at lunch: "i want real food, not asian food!" it's ok though, we asian people don't care what you real people think anyway
What kind of magic little fairytale do half of you people live in??
off to chicago again today. love that city. nyc next week and then miami after that. planes, trains & automobiles....
Gonna fail my Algebra 2 final... yay. -.-
Marry Me?!? - TODAY before they change it again!
One more night until the last Actors Lounge of the year! Don't miss out!
Well... If I wasn't awake before, I am certainly awake now! Saw a giant spider in my kitchen!! Aghhhhrrrr
"Humber? How about HumBEST." Ha. Love it.
Yes! SALVAGE THE BONES will be reviewed Jan 1 in The New York Times Book Review!
RT : #A's MonkeySee.com/A site is now live. Videos on buying a car, winterize a car, check tires, etc. Coming soon: travel tips.
aww what happened?
n yo ass still anit call me it's koo... I'm jus bout 1 smoke n go 2 bed
Nobody know what I'm trying to hide, not even me.
awesome! congrats, sir.
Aw, that's like an #nptech social-media-bromance ;)
Hustle--Hustle--Hustle----HARD!
to be fair, NY fans are probably using Mo & his nicknames
Eretchasketch fehrnstrom stepped in that one didn't he.
Looking forward to seeing what has in store for
I liked them in concert a little better, but the disc is growing on me.
So excited for my girl Congrats girl on your amazing wins.
New iPad available in a nice selection at Northbrook Mall Apple Store.
And on the 9th day, when #God was still resting, the devil snuck back and created the PC.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<bitch u burnt me this shit is ova
ive picked a topic for this essay...i just dont know how to write it
All nudity should be happy nudity.
cool, will get jorts ready
The talk with at #TwitterHQ was fascinating. Thanks for the opportunity!
So funny!!! Very real conversation, I couldn't stop laughing bc it is so true:)
TED eXcel - Presenters use spreadsheets instead of Prezi or Powerpoint.
Bella and I are at Pucks and Paws. So excited. Bella is too. Went straight to the car when I asked: "Do you want to go to a hockey game?"
Thinking about launching a music related blog.
Money run everything I learned that for free
is at home in MD until tomorrow, then it's time to get back to business with summer school, full-time work, etc!
meant sent ME
I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed because they upsold "public performance rights."
Getting ready for Warped Tour with mah homiezzzz and Vans Warped Tour 2011, HERE WE COME!
RT : ANOTHER #Eagles turnover. WOW. If review holds, #Bills up 7 w/ ball & 2 minutes to play.
GUS soda is so good...
your so damn negative -_____- lmao be positive
omg he has an amazing voice!
I'm lucky it's far too big for my wrist, though honestly for its size the price is a score.
Understand this. The Cowboys will NOT win with Romo. The Cowboys do you like a two-faced friend. Trick you when you least expect it.
Happy Fourth of July! Thank you veterans, we owe you one!
We are putting on a show tonight at Church Rock Club, 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston: 4-bands, $7 cover
My top fav's for Oscar wins tonite are: "The Help"...."The Iron Lady"....."The Descendant's!" Good luck to all!
YUMMERS RT : Today's FREE secret (not-on-menu) flavor is #DCCUPCAKES White Chocolate Raspberry!!!
take a look around...
My ears cold af
mean girls!
our announcers are so bad, I had to switch over to the Nationals feed to avoid them. I hate Brown and Walk in the TV booth.
#kids Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market: Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 10:00 AM to Sunday, May...
"Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes." -Zig Ziglar great
How many people are going to blame Obama for the NFL moving Opening Kickoff?
No, he'd have to get past MIN (he should) CLE (he will), STL (he prob won't) and I'm sure CAR would think about him
gave us a great tour! Awesome peeps & great local beer--can we ask for anything else?!
yessir moved last weekend. Makes a world of difference now. Well be having a party soon I'll let you know
- Thanks very much Bruce. That means a lot to me. Now I gotta check out that version of Beth/Rest from World Cafe!!!
sure if she checks me out too.
Thx to , we'll be posting Spanish, Russian, Chinese & Vietnamese versions of #PDXPlan summary brochure. Stay tuned!
Insert inspirational, uplifting quote here
Thanks again to all the fans for the great tweets! We'll have 3 minutes with him tmrw at 7:35a & play his new tune on
Lol if u think ur gona promo on my shit n you have the audacity 2 not follow me...u will get reported 4 spam, blockd, & hav ya life treated
I have a -ahem- friend whose husband buys all the ammunition he's allowed at Wal*Mart. I hope his shed blows up.
is it?
btw i love your tweets!<3
thx! Please let me know at if you have other questions or need help
DO YOU GOT A GF? CUZ I WANT YOU
Today is Hug a Vegetarian Day! :D
in My Own Dreams <U+2665>
#WOW I am coming very soon. Thank you so much I have no words. How are you!!? Are you doing PVIFF?
RT : James Harden thanking his lord and savior Poseidon for that three.
aww cool . Is it the full song ? (:
Im Connected To A Higher Power Dont Even Ask Me How
Today seems like a good day to.....PACK! I'm COMING #HOME for TWO WEEKS!!!!
Man, it's been a minute for me but that's the best!
Good morning
Dank u for RT!
the man is
I hope summer does not change what we got.
#SchoolMemories The teacher Mr. Bonar..and yes I'm serious.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do. ~ Martina Navratilova
#YouWasSexyUntil i seen ur finger nails...
Good game Knicks... Why Bron don't even get to touch rock last possession tho ?
Might be taking this rest business to serious... Haven't got up before 230 the past 3 days
lol yeah because you would never guess unless, you were there when it happened hm
That IS awful--I checked the NY Times after I saw your FB post & nothing. Not even CNN yet. Jerks.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
wouldn't be pissed. we'd talk. like a normal fucking couple. i love dylan with all of my heart. he just makes me sad sometimes (c)
"Lakers are minions of Satan." Love it! Keep it real, RCO.
Just one-upped Hacker News by copying their ranking algorithm and doing time calculation in seconds instead of hours. Innovation!
oh don't worry, I'll make you one too!!
thank you! well he picks the top 10-15 april 1st then its up to the viewers to vote after that. I hope I make it!
Tough week at work I am now at the with on stage then and Life is good! :-)
All James Harden had to do to get a standing ovation at home was get a concussion from a thug.
Shits been going down on twitter ?!!! Haha this is cool
how kome everitime i kall or kome over u always on the toilet or in the shower or shacked up wit
Had an interview today!!!! Went very well, Wish me luck =]]
I CANT STOP GRINDIN ND I DNT WANT HELP!!
So far, so good: Audis, BMWs, & MINI Coopers sip premium and to start a Prius, press the break, then the "start" button
How about you fix the judges scoring some results are clearly bull shit Thanks !
Me: I don't know y she still mess with u, if I was her I would break up with u! Bro: I don't either, If I was her I was break up with me
#Aztecs dominant tonight. Great efforts by Franklin, Rahon, Shelton.
Hello, there.
Are you auditioning for The Price is Right?
Love the top 11 list, congrats VA!
My dad just became a Maroon 5 fan
his stand ups not exactly hilarious. He's almost Too high doing it.
Making more paper on house arrest than some of u niggas in da streets everyday!
yup -runs away with u
°o° New blog post - "Lemons into Lemonaide" at www.EarToThere.com/blog
i HAVE BEEN M.i.A. 0N TWiTTER, MY DAUGHTER iS SiCK AGAiN :/
ugh long day! Back to work tomorrow!
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
thanks sugar! Xoxo
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I hate or :P<3
Thanks bozzy. We've signed a distributor in NYC!
I went to order my and not even an hour later they are out of stock <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Mammoth F finishes 3rd in #NLL voting for league's 2012 Sportsmanship Award - rookie Johnny Powless the winner
need to follow me cause I love him!
About to speak @
Providence Day School is excited to be hosting the Global Educator's Conference tomorrow.
It's always darkest before dawn.
/ What's this I hear about a responsive design on Mission... is it true? ...and congrats to you Josh!!
Hot set brother!
im coming to see it lol
Living and Loving the
i saw that was followin me nd my heart skippd a couple of beats team pretty p all day # ride for you until the wheels fall off
how did I miss this? My stomach is jealous!
i miss you -_-
who is that?
When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers,... what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?
The Garden is rocking just minutes before tip off at tonight's Celtics Mavericks game...I know it's about the Patriots this week...but hey..
sorry, it was truly just a communication breakdown on my end and the wrong flight info went up for a few hours.
"Architecturally, cloud is about providing abstraction and automation." -- some smart guy from Red Hat
“: Enjoyed #lma12 from afar. An interesting blend of sincerity, content and snark. I should have been there. See u in Vegas.”
I'm on Pinterest & listening to a webinar on it right now. I believe in the idea of Pinterest but don't think it's for me. What about you?
BlueJays make playoffs, Phillies blow up
Had a wonderful lunch today with and
That's what she said!
#ShoutOut to my new follower (:
Bad feeling here
I never smoked myself, but my Grandmother lost half a lung from it
We shud vote for mrs.Twitter cuz shes a tweeter;)
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness
Hey LOVIE !!! Do we have a date yet for Miss DC USA yet???
same here!!
thank you so much for being my idol. Its an honor to support you everyday and everywhere i go. <3
"im jus saying you could do better" tee shirt only $15 now!!! @ www.smirkclothing.com
Yeah exactly - ballet studios but not many classrooms. Does that Raphael painting count?
Yeah I ain't goin. Remember when their 'singer' asked for donations after Katrina when he robbed pharmacies? No, bro.
And the second precis flowed forth, quickly and concisely. Reward: chocolate.
Who have afraid of the kill? Me no only to pain.
where have you been????? I miss you bunches!
I'm gonna chalk that up to a shift that was successful.
he's probably saying the same thing about you when he sees you play that corner
you looked so nice at grand march! Hope you had fun! :)
Spot is a shuttle. See Spot launch. Launch, Spot, launch!
Who is the funniest person on your timeline?? The funniest person you follow??
Do you know some people that are always trying to cheat & use people for whatever they can get/cheat/steal out of people? Avoid those thugs.
what the hell just happened to the
RT : #VGo is excited to be participating in next month! Be sure to come see our #telepresence #robot in action!
Let me finish cleaning the house brb
Arnold classic indoor track championship today!
Gene Hackman during the meltdown at end of Poseidon Adventure.
Yo did u invite Jay-Z 2 #WiredFest2012 this morning while u were at the press conference at the Art Museum?
Yo kids...follow us on Instagram at seismicsound OR at Twitter at seismicsound1
figured one of the Magan's would ;)
Update: Guess comes up board to dress on upcoming events.
Speak with Honesty; Think with sincerity; Act with integrity
I need a new pair of shoes #3. Who do I take in the Derby?
oh i see! thanks!
i can`t getting my phone taken away.
No doubt. Last night had all the makings of a classic Wrigley choke-job. Another thing...is it really THAT cold?
But for me to be laying in the bed and can't sleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
there is a pic of him on some guys Instagram going around and his grandma replied to CTU and confirmed he is there
I don't have the exams with me. Would be something like 'the group outside which you must marry'
haha i was expecting a pic of YOU with crazy hair ;) lol
Officially beyond pissed!
The Troll costumes in Troll 2 look like snuggies
Hey, i just met you. And this is crazy. But here's some candy, so get in my van. #pedobear ;)
Sometimes you have to do a work task at home. This one took 45 minutes at home and would have 4 hours at work.
AH!! Your dress looked so good!!!
They don't have to be hated, just not "loved" or "spoken of," like Van-Damme's "Double Team"
I lost in a staring contest to a little Mexican boy.
Time for the NFL DRAFT!!!!
Thx for helping my friend get her event set up at 4 ! She said u have been
Baltimore Ravens all day!!!!! Watch out Texans.
#GrandpaFred:Be careful falling asleep...I'm listening.bd:Want me to play u a song? gf:Heck yeah.I die tonight.Going 2 pick up a few goodies
OK i just watch Dance Moms and who is brandon well I know that he was brooke's partner but watz his last name
Solo masturbation rates increase in males to about 2/3 of 17-year-olds, but stay stable among females of all age groups at about 1/3. (NS...
DMing AUSTIN AND CODY ON MY PERSONAL FOR THE NEXT 3 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW <3.
If you don't look out for the people you care about then why are you even alive?
thanks! I have a huge passion for music and I have been very fortunate to be doing what I love!
Let todays best be tomorrows worst.
thanks for the shoutout!!
Some high quality cuts of my songs will be on soundcloud soon. Check back soon...
Christmas tree fire in Sandy sends one to Emanuel Hospital. More on
flippin over chairs...
am here. being good athlete tapering. chillin w/the cricket. waiting for race day. tmrw's agenda: put feet up, eat, drink. be merry?
Go get it;...stop playing and go get your blessing*
i am Hungry Yo!
Shout out & congrats 2 my former point guard Bert Reed on getting drafted by the Cleveland Browns. Great young man. Good luck 2 him!!!
they were right you were just on games with me
She tweets traffic tips and dinner recs; what can't do?
RT : Hot Question: What did you think about Madonna's Super Bowl Halftime show? << I thought it was fantastic! 1 of the best!
#eluna09 Saw demo of the new bX recommender service for SFX at lunchtime. It's Amazon meets JSTOR. Definitely worth checking out.
Okay let's all go and follow one of my really close friends ! He is one of the nicest kids inside out and beautiful inside(:
Thanks new follows!
RT Rex Ryan claims that despite the Jets elimination from the playoffs they are still going to win the Super Bowl.
Heading to One For The Road beer store in a little bit! Haven't been there in a month
where will you be at before or after the show tonight man..i got something for you. something you'll love
Amen RT : God ain't working it out. It's already worked out.
Phoney charges of racism hurt real victims of racism. I don't deny racism exists, I just deny that it ALWAYS exists.
Headed to Cape Cod to get a little "Aahhhh"
Craving homemade pasta and loads of fresh parm! Any #foodies in #sanfran have suggestions?
Also. Dude. So nice to meet another honorary member of the Midnight Society. I desperately wish I could start all my books...
Thanks for a great show at the KIng Center. You guys are real gentlemen and I am looking forward to the Christmas Album.
Reading the screenplay for The Descendants, I may like it better than the film itself. Both are good though.
morning kids.
let's plan our next keys trip!
thank god I thought that was just me
#oomf is so attractive to me. Her smile makes me feel an emotion that I can't even explain, but I love it so much. Ughh...
excellent question.
Again Cynthia tweeted accusing glance
LOL My attorney saw my last tweet and called to see if there was anything he could to help. Now that's service!
is it against the rules for Ron to send his pitching coach out to talk to a reliever?
If you are going to Empty Bottle tonight, don't miss Piss Piss Piss Moan Moan Moan!
Publishing books to change the way business is done. A focus on a revolutionary concept, people are important to business!
RT : There is a thin line between, "I should make a Facebook status about that." and "I should talk to a therapist about...
These birds are so loud and I could just shut the window. But you know, beer farts.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
nah u need ta just taste it
dear masterful hirshhorn twitterer, i'm looking for an image of Song 1 when it shows playing cards blowing around. can you help?
We never repent of having eaten too little. ~ Thomas Jefferson
At work making $$$$
Ha Ha I am sending this bit of advice to a few folks I know. So true!!
We are pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at #msmecas12. Drop by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Ha, not so quick - I got some vacation time to use before camp RT Fair enough! Here's to the long offseason going quickly!
do you have a youtube?
I want a Tumblr shirt!
Ok just let me know RT : or we can just go to her house one day
I am pretty witty thank you for noticing hahah
Say you gonna be, are you gonna be, say you gonna be,.are you gonna be, say you gonna be...well well...SANG LUTHER!!
Think again! I'm totally addicted to pinterest. It keeps me up late at night.
So Excited!! 9 Minutes Until Ari's Live Chat!! (: xx
Ur my soul coach all the way. starbucks with you made my day. thanks!
:3 we are both capitalizers and Directioners, there's some type of "bond" that makes us really good friends :)
Well then I guess I have nothing to lose...
Is it wrong for me to just kick back instead of working on my novel for ?
Who are those elitist morons in the studio with you? Stadium workers should be able to humanly interact with the players.
Got bit by a bunch of red ants -.-
you gonna rap on em?
Wow! I'm already seeing job postings for layout using iBooks Author.
ugh. Atrocious.
Watched 'Y Tu Mamá También' again. What an excellent film.
waazzzza Carlitos :D hope your having an amazing day (:
Had to deal with two clients whose spouses passed away recently and suddenly. Kiss your significant other & hug your babies. You never know
Evan Turner has been huge
Two more finals & then I'm free! Free at last.
Just reported a police trap on US Hwy 41. My mood: sleepy, using Waze - Drive Social
....which is why I've never bought any since!!
any way I can view that on the east coast? Lol
yeah. Idk why though.
lmao just seen it Wassup with chu tho what you up too
of course
Getting ready for St. Patty's Day festivities on the Downtown Ocala Square. Ta an aimsir go halainn inniu!
electric word, life. It means 4ever and that's a mighty long time...
Great to see shrimp boat Capt. Wayne Magwood + others on the water now that #shrimp season has opened early. Yum.
Looking to promote Recycling in your SCHOOL? Get involved with America Recycles Day! www.Americarecyclesday.org
im in love wit a guy tht has an amazing voice an he is hot,sexy and everythng i need in a guy:-)))
I can always count on my boyfriend to cheer me up when I'm in a bad mood.
I don't want relations I just want one night. Cause a thirsty bitch; thats that shit that I don't like.
Walked up to the ATM and the person who used it before me forgot to grab his/her money! $60 baby!
A sunny Saturday afternoon and I am alone with my laptop. It doesn't get any better than this.
If I die tomorrow I'd probably about 20 "best friends"
How do you get mediafire songs again?
Hey did u already have your spring break ? :)
Probably just aced that test.
Shopping for the #Muse2012 this weekend. Have to keep up with Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris. They set the bar high.
I know right?
foiled again!
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
off balance. Credit when its due, he's got good stuff... But he's not 100 million dollars good.
Gasol/Allen. Wow.
I love
I couldn't agree more
Just got the new Droid X. REALLY liking it so far!
. I think we might need to brainstorm on the right hashtag for getting Marc on twitter?
Thanks for the mention and we're all thrilled Shauna joined the team.
Stupid lessons.RT : Lesson: Pepsi likes to see you hurt. Coke likes monkeys who help dragons belch fireworks.
Loving my rediscovery of Tom Peters. So inspirational. Pointing in a great direction.
IM Like A Magnet lol....
Say hi to my wife Christine Nelson at DSST. Was hoping to join you, but am in DC. Denver charters are among the best in the nation.
Almost have enough followers to actually start tweeting something! Keep 'em coming!
the country lol..Baldwin
.... Can I plzz have a shout out for my bday on the 26 of February ... It would rly make my day thankss
any time!
Another 2 miles w boy this morning. good stuff
"Good paying jobs" (rather than "well paying jobs") RT " #mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?"
When you lay down for 'five minutes', wake up and It's almost three hours later.
GIRLS GONE WILD this Friday Night @ BROADWAY BAR!! So what if it rains... That only means WET GIRLS in BIKINIS Arrive Early&Avoid the Line
Eh, I just can't muster one bit of hope in my mundane life. I've had a few chances and never succeeded.
And a new eBoard starts now...
i love my school and my friends hahahaha
can you some how make June 19th get here a little faster?(: I seriously can't wait <3
love the new pic!
What would I do without sushi dates w/ ?
Aww he played and that song thinking bout you! by frank ocean to me....
thank you so much for skyping with me, accepting my facebook friend request, and answering my formspring question :) <3 -tia
Cute girl tweetin you goodnight >>
Watching the lion king
Its a date not with you tho but with my boo Zayn :)
ZOMG, how did you know? What gave it away?
saw a squirrel on a pier. it looked very nautical. i wish it had been on the bow of a boat. i would have named it gilligan.
Mens Health Mag report 82% of people feel more connected to family after a trip. Is it time for a lil family bonding to curb holiday feuds??
I'm not the kind of person that'll tell you that there's a booger hanging from your nose. I just can't do it.
ugh was about 2 restore #iphone to 5.1.1 (losing #jailbreak) until i learned #siri has its own volume! the true price of jb="googleshooting"
We had a huge debate on twitter about this. We think she's the VPs granddaughter OR in witness protection.
Wow. okay. That's not pedophilia or anything.
I'd take a Spotify invite, if you're offering.
so is your mom but she's not in a nursing home,keep hating hater Kim is still making that paper,
you and are in the pro-orange camp
Yeah. I don't like parents... all they really do is nag about something. Atleast mind do.
I think I did but shortly after that I put it in the shop The melwear was getting unbearable. I hackers back
You Will ALWAYS Have That Special Place In My Heart, No Matter What. <U+2665>A.J.
yes its very obvious
Intriguing fact: many students earn more credits than needed to complete degrees. Reasons behind this will be investigated.
Surf n Turf BBQ tonight, my specialty:) Daddy's Secret Marinade mix 2/3 BBQ Sauce, 1/3 Soy Sauce, & few splashes of Worcestershire, yum!
#OneThingILove Family. Family over anything.
I WILL!
Love finding brand new shoes I forgot I had. I feel like you can relate!
Just tell mom you're on the other side of the planet, at a perfectly reasonable hour.
Congratulating the Americans who serve the country on their new-found freedom #DADT #LGBT”
And you'll never ask me why the changes in the sky bring you upwards through the hole that you go through.
I've never felt this alone before ever.
"I design experiences for users." -
lol that's good I miss you and the fam... Tell your bro I said wassup
Welcome to SD Marathon! Swing by tonight to carbo load and relax before the big race! Happy Hour starts at 5pm.
your tellin me! im dreading this ugh
Hello Twitter Fans! Hope all is well with everyone! Blush Formals would just like to send out lots of love to you all! Have a great day! :-)
BRACELET SAYING YOU SHOULD QUIT!!! CAR SAYING FUCK YA LIFE!!!!!! BITCH!!!!!!!!
Anybody every hear of a new tobacco product called SNUS? What about a new green energy device called #BloomBox?
Join us for a reception b4 Sunday’s screening of “Bicycle, Spoon, Apple” at the Portland Art Museum! 6 PM 1219 SW Park Ave. Portland, OR
but i did change my url
just shut the fuck up already god damn
Why was Kellen Moore Passed Up in the NFL Draft? Fan&#39;s Perspective
": Odee obsesses lol" Yes, Yes I am <U+263A><U+2665>
okay :) aha
'trying to be a man is a waste of a woman' - actual quote in this movie
Was just asked a hard question they idk how to answer.
Hey and Bruce Beck - Lucasoil Stadium is empty. Please go to
“: Beautiful morning the lord has made ...reminds me of a high school, school day” Your show tonight!
Clouds are rolling in this morning, rain expected later. About to bake blueberry peach coffee cake. Lazy wonderful Sunday mornings.
i think the same thing just happend to me and ledamonsterbunny
oh alright good good! lax game?
#annoyed isn't the fucking word
omg I'm in love with you!! your se adorable(: can I tweet me back please(:
Going back to sleep until our "mandatory" stop in Indy. #megabus#
I had the greatest time comparing you to with !
Oh man, every time I'm out. 5 times last weekend. "Well if I had a camera like THAT......"
Major panye ; Why do I feel like a jackass ?
hw you gone wake uhp n the middle of the night n a storm n strt to tweet
You shoot me down, but I won't fall... I am Titanium....
do you think winning this series with Rose and possible Noah out will change the front offices mind about making changes?
": When people spell Vickey as Vicky, she goes into SuperHater Mode." That means you
Survival of the Dead was meh, not horrible, so I guess thats a success in its own way w/ what it is, probably will never watch again
Baseball tourney starts tomorrow 9 am fuck that's eary but its cool got the mohawk and sprayed it green fr team colors about to do work !
So excited for tomorrow, going to watch 's concert
don Paul and mike cyka and some hot chick both super weird “: Okay, I'll say it. 4 Warn Weather is a super weird name.”
Early thoughts? Initial trailers looked horrible, but fish out of water story shown in later ones seemed better.
"Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet & the winds long to play with your hair." ~Kahlil Gibran... Seek out #SimpleJoys!
On the road to Lubbock. Playing at Rain Uptown on Saturday night, stop by!
#sweet .. No pun intended
I wanna dance, and love, and
27 months and I'm still crazy bout that boy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
What next? A visit from aliens. Crazy stuff happening on this earth lately. Only God knows.
My cold is finally gone!!!
Where Are You Now
RT RT : The Music Volume When Your Parents Leave The House <U+2582> <U+2583> _ <U+2585>
Watching Eastenders for the third time today. :L.
I just finished a 2.27 mi recovery run with Nike+ GPS.
Weather like this makes me think of two things: I don't have enough sundresses & how many cool things can I pack into the next 120 days.
MT : Schedule: motion for class cert in December; summary judgment motions in May. Discovery rebooted, runs until March.
Why? Hearing good things elsewhere.
I agree Bluefin is amazing. RT : I've had Spamps. Bluefin is better, and I'm a sushi snob from my time in California.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
Reading Geoff Johns Flash the secret of Barry Allen. Sweet.
ok i got one more chapter then im done with this class leggo!
wish i could dome with you TGOD <33 come back to milwaukee, you had it crazy at summerfest!
The "Fresh To Death" 2nd Edition goes so hard! putting the final touches on it and cant wait drop this one!
Sure. I direct voter registration for we should find a way to work together sooner than later.
Do I have your cell? Give me 10 minutes.. still trying to get out of here
Cozy mystery discussion! Come one, come all!
Who ever loves should RT this
Best glee ever! They did , my fav part was when they said ''i underestimated the power of the Biebs''.
My lil nigga a shake sum.
2nd week of may baby.
you are the best brother. Yes I know you are my only one. But still you would be the best.
I'm a Nigga's Best Friend ! I'm their Wing uhm Man xD & I can Agree with them bout Girls & Games & Movies ^.^ Ha ha !
OMG jealous. Love that place !!
#IADMIT I need to move on
I got a house up here
It's almost night in Holland. But I'm still awake cause I read more tweets from Austin. :$
Let's throw you a kickass bday party then. What date are you looking at? RT : my birthday is coming up!!
I will.
Huckabee - America no longer a Christian Nation...What? America better find religon, and fast...
Can't wait to go home, so I can eat a cupcake!
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
Good idea, I can see why!
good food for thought and memories for marks ;-)
Wanna get your puppy trained right the first time?? Try slobber snaks..they get the job done everytime!! Slobbersnaks.com <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Hi. How are you?
You too, Rob!
Best place to buy designer denim in #Tucson? GO...
In Bruges!! And I'm not just talking about the movie!! ;)
When boys say "I love you" instead of ily !
Near 80 degrees today what happened to spring? Hello Summer!!
*bursts into tears*
Studying all day today -.-
If ever there was a holiday season to stay home and work... This is it! Busy in LA for commercials
hey Anita, our upcoming fundraiser is July 21 @ the Hilton Garden EG. 5:30-7:30. I'll email you the details; thanks!!
I swear to god I'm fucking chezzed
you should look in Santa Monica
U hear theyre doing H vs. Nash in a ladder match w/ a sledgehammer hanging above the ring. Hope they properly tie it up ;)
Didn't think about that. I've been guilty of spreading a few. Not proud of it, but I didn't like them anyways.
I always get pissed off when subway gives me two napkins but I always only use one lol
funny you just said that as I was texting the same thing!
Writing a blog post, Facebooking (yes, it's a verb), making jigeh... multi-tasking the nth.
whoops, my bad. following you now.
Well said-->RT : Sitting on a quiet train and reading is one of life's true simple pleasures
I doubt I'll ever be a mother
Setting up to record, gettin drums mic'd and waiting for the arrival of some amplifiers!
A CAR DROVE BY ME GOING LIKE 30 MPH AND IT WAS ONLY 4 FEET AWAY FROM ME!!!!! >:O I COULD HAVE DIED
At the time of the post's initial publication, he had not yet admitted that it was him in the video.
Some people stand in front & thump their chest about what they've accomplished. Know that real achievers are behind the scenes
i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it.
Hell yeah! RT : Only thing better than beating Wisconsin 3 times in one season? Beating them 4 times :)
You won the bet but McKnight is still a gee
Isn't it a little funny how a freakn' bank can lose money...I'm better off keeping my money in the safe and a Crown Royal bag.
I feel like hell this morning, did I suddenly get sick while sleeping?
Yes, same here. Looking to complete the new project soon. We're in the mixdn and edit phase.Blessings to you as well.
Thanks for the mention! RT : Looking or something to do? FF , , ,
Looking for a local (VA, DC, MD) software development company experienced in going after Department Of Education contracts.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger, I think about us
morning sex is the shit
ordinarily, I would say "do it" but I would want to be present for that visual.
This friday ladies free all night where da party don't start til the other clubs end 21+ BYOB we located right behind Beamers jack
That's like a month ago homeboii ! -___- how do i look different?!
As human beings, one of our deepest desires is a connection with other people
Haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love :D
PLease follow me(: 6
I think I'm addicted to 11:11 <3
she's sexy!!
I do hope you are enjoying it.
From a constituent: Do not limit freedom of information. Please say no to #SOPA and
OMG!! I'm so freaking tired (just got from school)
I also kicked excitedly RT We are all high-fived out after that #HIMYM season finale.
thanks for the follow and thanks for listening!!
A couple of us continued chatting tonight on #WineHuntChat after #JobHuntChat on what started as a joke
Have you considered making zombies only spawn in packs? Would be different and make them more scary/difficult. Alone they're too easy.
you should be on Man vs Food : slushie edition
hahahahaha I feel you #TruthBeTold I'm going to look at there set up price,shot and buy my own
I go to FB when doing hw like I go to the fridge when I'm bored.
Follow On instagram
haha probably since I sent him like 60 emails
OWS Protesters Remain In Zuccotti Park, But Without Tents And Sleeping Bags
just made a kid laugh so hard at #storytime he peed his pants
Q: Best TV show on right now? We're loving Mad Men right now- and their vintage fashions!
nope there is tons of oil in sudan , the chinese have the drilling and refining rights
They say I'm a tease, i say that's just a preview wait till the premier ;D
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law
Great questions. I think about this all the time. If you come up with a grand insight, let me know. ;-)
wish had more options for assessing use of the different fields. options are really limited now. get on that thanks!
Still trying to figure out why mainline Christians have sold out to the far right. What were they promised in return for their support?
Love the hair Mama!!
if it wasn't for that new song, i wouldn't have realized i wasn't following one of my greatest musical influences real talk
Awww. Back at ya bud! :)
they are rushing the speeches and they won't have any new historical moments because of it
I cant wait to hit the studio tomorrow!
Had a great morning & BAD evening!
So they opened a Sonic less than a mile from my house and I am really excited because cranberry slushs every day of the week.
Thanks for the #ff. Was nice meeting you at
Sign up for Patti Ramsey's Central Market cooking demo at the end of this month - Big State, Big Flavor! Lots of yummy TX food!
Seriously, I'm sure he's a nice man who makes good music, but I can't take that Black Keys beardo staring at me from the edge of the screen.
More Fun & Naughty Happy Monday!
that guy was at every single ps1 getting his sweat on.
Too good to be true. #InLove <U+2764>
thanks -just learnin twitter- my email is still lookin 4 hot converts 4 my radio show thanx 4 your help
like if you have facebook LOL
The amount of drama on Facebook is reaching its breaking point haha...
and thank you to all my new followers. and, to anybody who's d/l a project, or sent out a tweet with links to my music, i thank you too.
OK SQL, you win this round.
Utopians feel that slaughtering our fellow creatures gradually destroys sense of compassion, the finest sentiment of humans. Go #Vegan!!
U should take em w/u man. Cause im pretty sure they feel the same way.
thanks for the kind words
I can't find my iphone charger…..
Next sentence: "People’s preferences about who to communicate with whom, about what, is highly contextualized."
I retweeted to Trent richardson for a week.
Sick and freaking exhausted:((
what???? You sure about this? #sushiwabi is the best!
I got to spend two great days, on St. Petes beach, FL Talking to customers about and DataCenter What a Blast
#thevoice carson is overpaid! But he is doing a great job! Not really!
researching Psychology of Color :) Black, Lilac and Lime Green I'm thinkin...
If I'm not mistaken, Sulia is paying the sportswriters to use it. Because they realized nobody else would.
... Sure don't want the participant/fan relationship of stick and ball sports. Careful what you ask for ..........
Last day of Brian Cassidy teaching in the 9am class. Great work on the Food Drive 9am! Can't wait to see if you'll do it again this year.
Long day
Amateur Contest at midnight! Come watch the show! Ladies, register to win $500 in cash prizes! Also, Ladies pay just $5 Entry!
yeah!! we talked & he said that he couldn't dance & stuff. haha
#hth2012 showing 3D scanning of Catalhoyuk. Definitely a very posh level of documentation. Sigh! To have that kind of funding!
Wrapping up our April Music issue! So many great musicians here and not enough space in the mag. Good problem to have!
What makes you think we all want to hear you singing!? You look normal, but you are not. White Lines is not a sing aloud on the train song.
jealous because I get to taste wines while you get to crunch numbers? #notlookingback ;)
Happy Passover, friends!
ugh help me
Great meeting with at #GartnerSym today! Reach out if you have any more questions about for #cloud and
yeah I know but sometimes you gotta just make yourself focus on the good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lazy #Saturday .....
Thank you so much! :) RT : Congrats on your launch today in the District and we are happy to be a part of juicy deals
Cnt wait to get to ma babes track meet so i can scream for her (:
I think you need a HUGE gold charm to hang around your neck with the C on it.
Miami Stress Buster is a one man massage service, offering Swedish, Deep Tissue massage & body grooming. Call 305-335-3855 for an appt.
Whats good... mailbox me
guards couldn't get it to them. Draymond was forced to bring the ball up at times. Just awful.
So proud of my wife She is an amazing wife friend mom nurse trng prtnr skin exprt and student Yes those r some hats she wears
Thanks Mary for the headsup!
Jim Brown hating on Richardson. Great talent alot of times can't see great talent. Look what MJs done with the bobcats lol
RT : GOAL LINE TECHNOLOGY
at work.boo
For the record, if anyone is playing me in draw something, you're not actually playing me. You're playing
i think its called bardering
Today’s African Proverb (5.17.12) A gentle word sends the sword back into the scabbard. (Nigeria-Igbo)
Whatever the definition of "thirsty" is.... Um yea i'm that..
Hey can you possibly bring those gauges to school tomorrow? If you remember, I can get them during homeroom or Health. o:
Just popped the greatest hits of the 1790's onto my record player. I'm so with the times.
ah yes. I look forward to the "1st time in a tunnel under a waterfall, by a whirlpool" check-in. What I won't do for 9 points!
#Prom was awesome!!! :) Now time for my last 6 days of high school and then Graduation! So much is happening!
Smoke another bowl. Then pass it.RT i am only happy for one CARD fan-- and that is trevor's grandmother
kings (and queens) choose all their battles carefully..
And now my stomach hurts. The joy.
i sm thinking of making a new youtube sinsation, i think it will be great ill have to think about it though lol.
Hurray for Major League Baseball opening day!! Go Mariners!
RT : Dads pay attention“: You can tell more about a person by what he says abou… (cont) deck.ly/~gHs9q
Ok I'm Hyped bout Dat
it's like in the movie "my girl" "where is his glasses he can't see without his glasses"
Sometimes you need to take risks for what you want.
"Music is what feelings sound like..."
So fair game to start showing similarities of Hitlers' christian speeches on Jews vs Christian speeches on gays today? :/
Going to catch a ballgame when you're in town? Or is it strictly a work visit?
do you have a fb?
Worst. ever.
so i'm guessing before you exit is having ice cream. just a guess.
RT : Cowork in the Park! tomorrow at Gasworks. Take an car from Cap Hill, and enjoy wifi bit.ly/coworkinthepark
omg i have 51 notifications on Facebook...
Echoed from Lincoln via : Love talking politics with friends and food food
I need some new shoelaces.
Enjoy the opener, brother.
is finally out the hospital YAY bout time lol
The best part of my day is __________. ReTweet with your answer.
At the International Housewares Show in Chicago through Monday. Give me a shout if you're there too.
GUESS WHAT ITS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY! :D
Indeed!!! Have a good night.
RT : Austin ranked #8 among top cities in America for staying young
what u doin
I'm hurting
I stand with African American mothers. Stop racist violence directed towards their children.
yessir. lol. when were gonna ball again
really? Amazing
Do it to it Jud!!
hey hey cant wait till tomorrow but little sis going to be gone but big sis goin be here !!:):) lov twitter
Sobering news out today: homelessness in DC is up 6% from last year. 6,954 individuals don't have a home. 6,954 too many.
Can't seem to recover from roaming the desert for 3 days.
took to the driving range. After one lesson she hitting them 150+ straight. Found my competition finally
Praying fore the Brewers in the second half.
Yes! RT It was an outstanding event, Well run, well attended, well priced - great accessibility to peers and speakers at
so math class, my teacher said "you can only go in one direction" and like half the class looked at me cause they knew about my fangirl love
I have a great dentist. Nice guy, really. I still don't like him much!
cute! My cuz is so talented!
Pretty awesome for us! Johnny Depp as Tonto RT : Nm film office director confirms Lone Ranger will film in New Mexico
dont nobody give a f.ck bout yo feelings but u...
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has."
Discovering that pinterest is kryptonite to my productivity
you really should
Thanks man!! RT : haha for sure man. But hey, you guys did great the other night. Just thought you should know
uh.... What period? I can only miss sixth lol
I'm doing it!
loll no. In our imaginary world where all of us cousins live together in a huge house!!!
Thanks! WE do already have a merchant account that works great!
idk if I'm going forsure yet do idk!!
Taking a 2 day break from 5 hour guitar drills. I can't afford carpal tunnel.
God Morning Tweeters! What are you up to this fine long weekend?
I have loved you girls ever since i heard 4ever on the radio 4 the first time! All i wanted for my birthday was that album!
Google+ won't mean anything at all until people start using it to talk about things other than Google+. Whiz-bang doesn't sustain sociality.
garbanzos = important = more Jameson for the playful
...so if anybody has any connections or knows any happenings in Boulder,send some info my way.
its not too hard... for me it wasnt though haha
OMG AUSTIN IS RELEASING A NEW SINGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SDFGHMCGFBS
awww I just saw this shucks!! LET'S HANG OUT SOON!
Fog will continue into the morning hours until the sun starts to show its face. High of 80!! With partly cloudy skies. Beautiful March day!
Amazing to celebrate the release of my new book You Are a Gift to the World at Maryland Day! FYI-- '91
what's wrong doll?!
Thank you so much for the tweet! That means SO much to us. What you're doing w/ promoting indie bands is amazing!
RIP Moebius. The industry lost a great today.
The devil is busy as heck, but I got my Father on side and I pray that he helps me fight all this craziness.
we do not ask for your poor or your hungry. we do not want your tired and sick. it is your corrupt we claim.
Shout out to having nobody to talk to at these crazy hours...
Just got a call from Rady Children's hospital for an interview Monday. So stoked on life right now.
Come down to Aurum Studios and get the best mix possible on your tracks!!!!! Grab some beats while your at it!!!
You're welcome :)
I miss you :( xx
Even through the doubt , people talking down on me , telling me I'm not going to do it .
Joan Rivers is an amazing woman and super funny. Haven't seen it though. You see the documentary about her?
ughh u know the usual. Blaah work and my Gma "/
Despite getting caught in a storm, I had a strong 4 miler.
Odd seeing Bob Knight without a sweater on! Why is he wearing Blue?
Happy Birthday my curly head baby.
Loved the whole NBA "BIG" commercial treatments this playoffs. Slow-mo footage with rapid, smart copy overlayed. Simple, effective, visual.
what makes me happy: workin' my ass of then smoking a bowl.
Thanks to everyone that came out to Busby's last night...great time.
Girl you hot!
when all is said and done, more is said then done
i just switched from an expensive salon brand to Dove shampoo & conditioner and OMG!!! i love you Dove!!
Susie is like Tami ears bcuz she feel the need 2 report 2 Tami as fast as the person said it 2 her like damn keep yo mouth shut
thanks for taking part in the class. hope you enjoyed. lets go celtics!
I'm screamin at the TV like it's a football game! #turnaroundturnaround !!!! lol
According to my site stats, someone from Kenya viewed my football site today. Well ok then...
I'm bringn the soul glo back.
oh okay your right 1 year wonders do great in the NFL
Did you finally eject your USB without safely removing it? Or did you not wear a helmet while biking?
Performin the Dove Awards Tues night, video debut on Wed, Thurs, Lift Every Voice on Sun #GOGETIT !!!
If they still made movies like #weirdscience I would still go to the movies.
straight out of the bible amen
what happen?
Fight Weekend!!! Who's coming to Vegas!! Hit me up to setup weekend trip 7027506103
Game 3 Round 1 WHL Playoff action for the Spokane Chiefs. They need a home win tonight for sure....
I know!! My mom was just saying that.
I don't mind taking the SouthShore train two days in a row as long as my destination is a bday party and #Filipino food
hahaha I'm here!!
Ditto. RT Missed seeing you at
Follow me I follow back! holler at me! I give feedback on all questions and anything you wanna know about jeremy lin! Foreeal
no worries. It'll come. <3
Gonna go download my fav band #falloutboy holler
Would love to hear more about what you guys do!
I agree
Minnesota can hardly wait!
This is where I unfollow you. Much luck. Dr. Spanish
Weekend early voting hours are here! office open Sat & Sun from 10A to 5P. If you're DT this weekend, come and see us!
I have to sew the circle into the quilt top and cut/sew the backing together.
Latest Google Android on tablets visit www.tncnews.com click on Business
you called ms Layla a whore ??? Why?
DJ tonight in our basement. Tomorrow we'll have live music. "Over the Line" will be joining us.
Not liking this winter weather. Being a big baby about having to brush off my car >:|
If you need any help finding a place let me know. Happy to help out any way I can.
I'm allowed to do something after gym tomorrow if you guys still can :)
Emergency chocolate is a very good idea right now, based on the texts I've been getting from #unbound. Also whiskey.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.
I. Love. Google+. Hangouts. I hold meetings on google+ & it works great.
Fam Cookouts are always fun <U+2765>
Sometime's it's worth giving up someone you talk to everyday to protect someone who loves you
Happy birthday, dear!
Milwaukee Wisconsin United States Check out this cool 360 view! Office Space/ loft !! Motivated to lease!!!
San Antone at last
maybe I misinterpreted again your tweet. What I mean is if I text something, I can tell it personally.
CAN I PLEASE GET A RT OR REPLY SINCE I AIN'T GONNA BE ABLE TO SEE YOU IN BOSTON THIS SUMMER?
Me Time! Cooking!
lol you are just so rude
Won't keep my voice down Know the words I speak are the thoughts I think out loud
Summer days just sittin' around, but when the sun goes down, I'll be ready to party. <U+2764>
I'm eating strawberrys:3 yummy^^
So long, #PLA12. From WIN Catalog, to Harry Potter's digital debut, to browser-based reading, the future of eBooks looks very bright indeed!
Checkout Our New Movie Website at: www.withoutafatherthemovie.com
turn the wheel a few times, check the drive shaft, stomp the break a couple times. Then try.
& I did landscape work earlier in the day. I'm fucking exhausted
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
I'm always here for you. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Today's Agenda: Be lazy, read FOR FUN, get into the Christmas spirit, and do absolutely nothing even remotely productive! Hooray!
it's not him, you just suck!
hey in need of photos call me.
Paint party? Didn't no point cud go in places like this
That was a disturbing Simpson's intro.
I'm making myself steak :)
Keep up the good work Jason
i must stay home and protect my pug from the thunder.
I never have been able to figure out their problem with that.
Still following back all fans tonight! Thank you for all your kind words on here, much appreciated!
there u go being spiteful again!
Will you make it to our endorsement meeting tomorrow evening?
Rise n grind while you take a little z
#AintNothingLike piecing together what happened the night before
Smooth moves
I'm sorry but who decided Gwenyth Paltrow would be relevant in music via marriage?
happy birthday enjoy your special day :)
Who wanna come ova right after school on Friday and start the night off
Are you on crack?
It can be a great motivator for people to progress into a more diverse and inclusive organizagtion.
looks like romantic runway!
"leave that room" also a useful mantra in situations involving courtney love, terry richardson, slavoj zizek
Well look who is Tweeting!
ooh, and you have the CIRL meeting at 1. See you there.
My life has changed 4 times in one month!
#ReasonsToSayAmen God woke u up this morning
Yo thanks for the follow! Love your music!
On the home stretch for finishing our album, very excited for everyone to hear it.
Dear Frozen Planet, you are blowing my mind. Score one for
now its not posting to Feed The D... TEST
An eyeglass prescription is for eyeglasses only. It doesn't contain information that is crucial to a contact lens prescription. Happy Friday
. assertion 1: Bibliography is more important for digital humanities research than traditional humanities research.
and the right one won't make u cry
Austin it's officially your birthday in the UK! So happy birthday:') you're 16:D well, you would be if you were in the UK:)
Good Night
I had a reality check yesterday.I needa be way nicer to my bestfriend.he does way to much for me to treat him like just anybodyy
Gta put in wrk on my craft.
We're getting traded to Antarctica for a real penguin and a real igloo. Get those parkas ready
#ThatsWhatTheySaid RT : This is absolutely terrifying.
For a complete list of award finalists in all categories, read the MassTLC blog post
I will do
We have a Senior Tax Manager position in #Jacksonville. Contact me on
If u was in a pawn box...box.. I will surely break the lock. Jump right in and fall asleep.. I'll fall asleep.. Cause u r the death a me!
I'm afraid to ask what else you do in the bathroom
George Jefferson > Jordan Jefferson
Something happened and Im head over heels.. So dont throw it away.!!!!
Looks like MWP elbowed the Lakers. This game is ovuh...
just shutup please.
Yes sir!!!
"Bank CEOs To Fed: Regulation 'Unrealistic'" #huffpost They get ready for Fantasy Land!
no actually if i dont see you soon, im gonna explode i miss yoU!
#YouKnowItsFridayWhen There is nobody on campus after class
'Amazing Race' Star's Bum Rap After Losing Million Dollar Prize
The future of MURFC looks bright as the Killa Beez shutout UW-White Water's second side to pick up their fifth win of the season.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of horses is called Hippology.
me too I grad in 05 my little brother went also
Alright, You took out the first seed. You took out the second seed. Time to go for the hat trick.
my buddy will have a great game this week I can feel it. I wonder if he would still remember me? Buffalo sports afterDallas game
As Santorum and Gingrich continue to collect 50-60 percent of the vote between them, Romney can only hope they both stay in indefinitely.
everyone wants to be a covenant lady worrier (: v-squad
Did you just take some love drugs or something?
Looking back at our conversations & wishing we could have them all over again.
I haven't cursed so much as I did last night and this morning in more than a year! Whoa!
#IfItWasUpToMe every first of the the month the government would be sending every African American a check worth $1000 lol
Enjoying the Miami heat game they are on fire (:
I wish I was you
Hey you should remind your employees that personal hygiene matters as does friendliness. Just sayin'
I got you anytime frank:),love you fool..no homo 8====D
tho I agree they should be either, as do process philosophers given their views on emergence.
NBA LOCK OUT IS OVER!
BY FAR
Happy to have you!
being raped by a grizzly bear > going to work tonight
:( so sorry. I do know that if your local doesn't have it, they will order it for you :)
“If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.” <U+2015> Chad Sugg
yes babe. and I'm not going :( I'm going to see one direction instead! unless my mom just changes her mind.
Fuckkk this headache!
Got some hwk done feeling good right bout now
This wacky winter weather continues. A few days ago it was hot, today it's like an icebox. I need to be in the Caribbean!!
AFRICA NEEDS OUR HELP TO RESUCE THE CHILDREN JOSEPH KONY ABDUCTED FROM THEIR HOMES!
A few hours over the weekend and 14 hours today has me caught up on email after 2 weeks of conferences. Yes. Back at it in 6 hrs. Double YES
Lookn' foward to openin day! Just got over my cold from the Arctic Tailgate. Worth every minute. CHEERS
Sorry I wasn't able to make that event tonight. Sounds like it was cool.
Me too! Sirius in 2005, best investment.
well... There are some bootlegs on YouTube but I didnt tell you...
Are the Lions for real? Does anyone remember 2 seasons back???
thanks to ur post all i can think about is cookies...
We now have postcards at The Actor's Key. First one to tweet a picture of them will win a $5 Starbucks gift card.
ipod nano that is waterproof
- no. fight the urge
It's a little chilly today. Nothing a chai latte can't fix.
Not upset. Like you and agree with your philosophy. Twitter informs me bad things about me are coming from you. Is it Hacker?
Thank you for the RT!! Finally got the FB address too.
Thanks again to all the attendees of the 2012 CFW Lectureship & Interim Session including those who participated through social media!
Watching Ancient Aliens with my brother, which I don't know why because I think it's all full of crap.
Wow. ridiculous RT : BREAKING: confirms that 1B Albert Pujols and agree to 10-year deal worth around $250 million
Pilates doesn't have to be expensive. Great results. Best prices. $45 private pilates class. Pay as you go! $400 for a 10 class package.
Committing to some New Year's resolutions starting today! What's on your resolution list?
Look...I can finally watch the USA-Canada game. (facepalm)
So, how is it going or did it go?
Perhaps that's best. I keep trying to force an action scene at the start and it just doesn't feel right for the story. *hug* :)
everything i do is wrong in someone elses eyes... i dont know what to do anymore
Last Gossip Girl ,episodes in HD online ,follow me for related tweets
Wish I was spending tonight with and but tonight it's me, Melky, and NyQuil. No worries- lots of fun 2b had in 2012!
Create music that people will pay for by asking: what problem does my music solve for my target audience?
Hang in there! Love - your pals in Portland...
Cooking Tip: If you're not using peeled potatoes immediately, place them in a bowl of cold water to prevent oxidation.
Yes, in the lowlands only. Still lots of snow higher up. You probably have the same issue :)
Such hate, again, yuck!
Big pass by Canfield. Duck INT? No, James Rodgers steals it from the defender. Still short of the first down by a yard. First punt coming up
LOL...see it's not just me AB!
Had my last day of junior year today!
True that! RT : I was thinking about how great being encouraging is...goes a long way. Need to do that more...
How do I prepare for entering into the P90X workout for real on Monday? FourLoko on a worknight and s'mores granola bars. Obviously.
Awesomest beach ever… mostly cause of me ;P
Hot...sleepy...n horny!!
Does anyone do online homeschooling?
Haha ah, well I hope you enjoy the candy!
WE SLEPT THROUGH THE ALARM at our shared mansion. Looks like The Gufs will have to fill in for us at the
Cooking with mom all day. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday at all.
I feel the urge to eat chocolate , Ugh I eat too much :(
Love to get your input! Whenever amaretto is involved its always a party.
Comcast was the only viable option for me in Chicago
thanks man! I really appreciate that, you coming out and supporting too!
Nice, that makes this easy... What time does the draft room countdown have it starting?
Woot for the first A of my graduate career!
Now that's love.
Now it is! How could I have overlooked the Lily??! Thnx!
That awkward moment when you know Lives in the same county as you ah! _^|^_awkward turtle_^|^_
Didn't tweet much poker this week. Bad beat central. Nobody wants to hear those hands. Never got it in less 76% to win.
celebrating sounds good to me! I think maybe I'll sleep in until 5 am... ;) have a good one!
Before #Zimbra, my phone would chime first for email and appear in Outlook a minute later. With Zimbra Desktop, they chime at once!
Good morning my twitter fam and friends! It's friday and i'm hitn the gym for the last day of the wk. Hope you made the best of your week
Nice endorsement. Thanks for that.
Man I have learned in the last past 6 months these hoes fah Everybody
nicole is there. We would love to have you.
Agreed RT : "Get your customers involved in your business. Make them your partners, and they'll never leave you."-Kevin Stir ...
I can't tell if this Chik-fil-a coffee is bad or I'm just not used to something different than the bad coffee at work.
your not like the rest either ;)
#UNT grad students asked very perceptive questions about sm measurement. Loved connecting there! Thks for your help.
And we shouldn't be surprised when they don't. That kind of response tends to come across very poorly.
Space planning/move continues to facilitate a stronger functional team approach. It's 1 way to use our fyec downtime.
So Much 2 Do ToNiGht..!!BuT CaLL Me A *PaRTy PooPeR*...."Me Na CaRe"...!!!
Remind me why I took 3 days off during orientation week?! I just crammed 3 days worth of work into 1, and I'm feeling it...
Beyond half court for Morris.
S/O to all my new followers...... 2many to @ everybody
Ahh my old neighborhood. RT Well, we know we found Barbur Blvd, because store we turned around at had the windows blocked out.
Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuiness, and Tom Parker.
Linkedin grows by 2 members per second or 172,800 people per day ...
“: #CutMasters "Up was good bro"”nuttin much waiting for the MEETING........
#AskScandal who is the actress you are talking to in this scene, the mother character, she looks so familiar
Please no more Adele covers...
<U+FFFD>Before success comes in any man<U+FFFD>s life, he<U+FFFD>s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
I really can't stand Nationwide racing but there was actually a little drama in todays race. Highlights on 6pms Saturday show on WKOW
Then what are those boxes I see at the department store all about?
...And when u never got closure... There's always dat question as to "Why"...
HE'S GONE! HE SHOULD BE GONE! HE'S GOTTA BE GONE! -Dan Astbury
#Gold trying to get above $18 this morning overseas. Asia markets up 1.5% Overall futures looking positive for tomorrow. Slow days
#Truth RT : Remember: No work Monday, so no limit on the amount of beer you can drink today.
Need a new look for the holiday? Book a fabulous cut and color with Salon La Bonne Vie. Schedule now, to guarantee looking your best.
So when I informed the Bacon that, no matter what color she was, shooting up in front of my house was illegal & NOT gonna be tolerated...
I stayed up too late now im hungry again.
I mean, the other girl in there is so obviously supposed to be Primrose.
Anyone have a good WordPress Plugin to publish an event calendar or schedule of events?
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :]
My gCal currently says "No upcoming meetings." Weird.
Anyone can produce an event when everything is going fine. A pro handles it when the going gets tough even though it is not their fault.
Did not know this - Walker sponsored a right to work bill when he was a freshman Assembly member in 1993.
yea I know... But it's cool cause situation already takin care of<U+E405>
Late night Greek food, while I burn the midnight oil, its gonna be a long night, but the paper isn't gonna write itself.
Dumbo successfully launched an anti bullying "it gets better" campaign for elephants before being poached for his tusks.
Some people seriously don't know how to get a clue
Was #artsake your 1st acting program? Just saw your tweet while searching under #acting. What do you like best about it?
Listening to Death Cab reminds me of driving cross country/moving here 4 years and 1 month ago.
RT : Have faith in the unseen. 99% of life is in the unseen.
contact us at and get your own pair of guie fair trade hand made shoes!!
Who is up for some Q&A? Bored at work and it's late. Ask me anything.
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22, Tuesday, for 11/23 pickup!! Appalachian Granny's desserts made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
RT : To celebrate our partnership with , we're giving away 5 free dinners this week. Enter to win:...
It's ok, I still heart you as much as cake. <3
aw well we're here for u :/
I have the plan for the USA economy and jobs but who will listen
Thank you, tumblr, for reminding me that I'm already late sending out mother's day cards.
I want to meet NCSU's learning commons team!
love this song
#burritobabes is all about
What a gorgeous day! Patio is open, stop by for lunch
Exercise of the day: Ball Torso Stretch - The Ball Torso Stretch gives you a perfect way to work and stretch your core region with the...
love you.
I want the white iPhone so freakinn bad~~
It'll be funny when Mitt Romney announces his VP pick. Everyone will think he's lying.
FYI ... If U think Ppl See or Saw R tweets when they are going thru Hella Ish .. <- U in trouble SMH .. Folk in the Real world going thru IT
yea ur the beast thanks
Wow, did you know that capital refers to an area and capitol refers to a building? I DIDN'T.
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
This class is so boring
Last week before week and a half off.
#WalkerFailure in radio speech claims he's created "better learning enviro" Thx to $1.6 billion cut to k12 & tax cuts for rich?
Join us at 2pm CDT to Howl about post-show discussions on hashtag
aw damn haha well if you ever out here bro , just get at me and I'll hook you up!
I need a new phone case...or a new phone.
CPU overload crashed servers over easter when we tried out #free training. Moving videos to YouTube via a private link. Will send 2u
Thanks girl!!! :)) RT that was too funny! Congrats!
SEX FACT: For the majority older women(28+) are way better & more fun in bed. They're more open-minded & open with their sexuality.
hope its just cuz of the lockout.. Ripcity is NIC CITY
Thanks for the RT! :)
"It's about having fun in the summer time, in the winter time...it's just you and your friends having a good time." -Rita Ora on her single.
Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot. PLEASE!!!
No one knows me better than
seriously overwhelmed with joy!!!!
Left is Right | Right-wingers are less intelligent than left wingers, says study - Daily Mail
#FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
something for everybody!
Seeing the garden switch posters to the Celtics highlights the bruins are no longer champs. Grr.
At w/ my lovely sipping chai & awaiting the surprise dish Chef Pradeep is making for us!
I think, sometime when I wasn't looking, took over the whole web. Yep, everywhere! cc/
made of stone
of informing #ideation12 of the crucial problem needing to be addressed in North Korea
Who Wants To See Some More Photos From
How are you today?
Any love for Knowshon Moreno if he is still there in the 5th round? I don't buy him! Need the homer perspective!
I'll definitely get it! ha ha - Congrats on the kissing! :-)
I asked Rick Nielson of if he patterned himself after Satch of the Bowery Boys, he said Never heard of him! Good Answer.
you don't have to buy stock to be a fan, right? Crap am I not fan enough?
i cant DM you, you dont follow me
* if iloveyou more then bacon . . . .the shit is real ! .
#gail2010 so tired I forgot to tweet that I'm here. Our AU preso this a.m. was really fun and well attended! Thx Georgia Southern!
Ok were moving keep following people Super Impact number 1 add Us
Playing on UMvC3 ranked and of course there's that one guy playing an Avengers team! Hahahaha
62 days until opening day, but who’s counting.
Thanks for the follow firefly!
Free baseball.
hope you're feeling better. Don't let the flu score a TD on you again. Fight it off with your willpower!
The Swap Meet starts today. Get on out to PIR and take advantage of all the deals!
mollymshephard is a dumb hick whore, and anyone who thinks harassing her would be fun really ought to spend some time doing so!
Mother's Day was tough, missing my Mom was amplified, hope you all had a good one, I did too really, thanks to my wonderful children,
Is Eli Manning old enough to drive?
Fa 12 hours trying to make it home
Tracking and mixing for my new song, Mountains of Madness is done. Next step is mastering at Treelady Studios. *exhales*
Thanks! It went great!
just tried to DMV you back but twitter doesn't like me ATM. Thanks for link will add you now. Love the banner... Wow!;)
Wish I could afford a ticket to ! I would love to see the ideas out there!
Happy birthday Burt Hope you had a great birthday
Left my car door open at waffle house for my entire meal #what?
I wish I could dance like you!! Haha it was great seeing you perform last night and support
Sll the latest on #Tito Vs.
then next week its night shift again. I am watching news. How about you Ricky? I miss Greg :)
“: Send me the details when you've got them.”
you guys are metal… no need for fluffy happy non-realism.
Just met (: thanks!
haha hilarious score though
Hypocracy..is when ur Pastor doesn't support gay marriage, but u have a gay choir director or maybe Pastor's in the closet himself.
What race are you playing as in Skyrim?
#EmmetWantsToClotheYou i still like my hashtag better(;
FIRST HEAVY D, THEN ETTA JAMES, DAVID PEASTON, DON CORNELIUS AND NOW WHITNEY HOUSTON THIS IS SO SAD...RIP WHITNEY
When your greatest skill is talking & you lose your voice it's like developing a handicap. I'm still trying to talk
Don't tell me to fuck off. I'm busy, and you're retarded. That's it.
Lecture half full today - rain. This Making Modern Science class is the last class I'm taking at UCI.
TIGHT- Winners on Howard Stern 'Triple X Factor' 4-25-12 (Warning this s...: via
Finished reading this week: Dracula, Game of Thrones, and Faith (Haigh). Next up: my Kindle user's guide. lol
#icantstand when ppl wear red lipstick
excuse me everyone you are beautiful just wanted t say that cause im feelin great yup nough said peace to the middle east :)
I can't wait until I get a new phone. I broke my old one :*(
Just Because You Have A Baby Don't Mean ALL Think You Are A Whore, Extremely Foolish But Not A Whore.
Josh Hutcherson looks hot in Journey 2;The Mysterious Island.
Don't know about the wonton skins (love the flavor/texture of r dough), but I'd def try them! I like the idea of dill & swiss!
I just caught a mini attitude smh
screw you chem...i dont understand a damn thing and i honestly dont give a shit
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
Playing Copper Top tonight in Tuscaloosa!! 10p! Come out!!
On my way to for TNR! Hope I can make top 8 again in umvc3 =]
Congrats bro!! Keep climbing higher & higher
I'm ready for my first #dengbang please give me what I want!
Dear America: I would love a month when I don't have to curse a fellow countryman out for being a racist fucktard. K? Thx. --an aging ABC
On my way to bus -__- blahh cant wait for tomorrow and thurs and fri :D
! We're on at 1, see you there Hoyas! /yd
Hey its been so long that i have not got in twitter
What the fuck you want ?
Good analogy by Octagon's De Picciotto about sponsor signage & icebergs. It's just 1 part of sponsor's agreement that fans see.
I just came up wit a name for one of my ex's..... Its an acronym.. Tell me what you think O.O.P.S... It stands for out of pocket shit!!!
can I return that 90 degrees? I want to exchange it for 70 degrees.
girl not shit chilling in the trap lol!
false Nickelback is not a good band.
so u can make a video
hahaha that was cute!!!
#FF my almost east coast love: :D
is presenting Comm Impact Arts Ensemble or Collective - and the winner is... OTC Comedy Troupe!
Thanks for following our tweets!
ima get you your cash
Pics of wackiness with Child Bite over the weekend coming son
GIBBY ROCKS! iCarly is definitely the best family show on. Some stuff is so lame.
I just want him to admit that he's Spider-Man already.
wine is nice but whiskey's quicker.
Two #2seeds upset. I think your #wildcats could've played better than that showing.
it was hurting for a week and then after I ran my 40 it got all swollen and now it's hard to walk and may be a tear
Can't wait to get home and take a hot shower garbage truck got me smelling bad like wow lol
haha, it's all good.
Watching American Gangster good movie!!
Thank you so much!!
Green Bay? More like Green Meh. Curiosity satisfied. Onward.
Oh and Mr. Preselect? Next time at least try to make the mega-purchases AMERICAN, not italian, k? DUMBASS.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
I don't make time for people who don't make time for me.
thanks for the show shout-out!
Interested in bowling all summer for FREE? Give us a call and we will tell you how. 585-427-7205
miss u too! #msn?
Let her go like a ballon! :)
ate too much now i just be laying on my back watching tv like ah ah ^_^
is the yogbox compatible with macs?
that story's got arms, er, legs
English homework. -___-
I think it's kinda funny how they would waist their breathe talking about me it's got me feeling kinda special really :)
thank you!!!
i can't remember which of the places we went that i was laughing that hard.
:) I appreciate you, Kendra. You're such a sweetheart!
Mission accomplished, i hate you all.
Great pumpkin patch pictures. very cute!
IM response to my potential Halloween costume: "That's a good idea, but have you ever tried to wear flippers?"
I don't care that its not even 10 am, I want it now!!
Yo. You still up?
People know how to push my butons and piss me off. .
Deleted my Facebook.
I'm the saddest I have ever been in my entire life. I wish I'd never let the psychoanalysts talk me into grad school. It's not been worth it
What is your favorite lunchtime meal? I love a good homemade turkey sandwich packed with veggies!
i think im starting to become a Kanye West fan
Gretzky's father was diagnosed with Parkinson's this morning, he said with his voice breaking. Thanks fundraisers for what they do.
we are studying policing and that shit is long with peels theories and the 4 eras
50 more followers? :D PLEASE
I am not about to get change from the $100 for only TWO DOLLARS -.-
queen latifah has, they have pics wit her and her girlfriend.... Hey boo hows your sunday
Why the eff does my hip hurt so bad?
oh yeah for sure. Maybe she could look ya know less fake
all i do is work
Im on to the Moon! 2x`s Riding in my space ship with my Caculator!!! #Future/Youngen
mirasol displays offer an unmatched reading experience: Color, interactive content that's visible in the sun & weeks of battery life!
Nas bringing it back with The Don
How do you BANK?
In case my daily campout didn't give it away, my tenure at American University has officially ended. On to the next adventure…
nice cock
Five Star Hotel in Jaipur Honored With Three Awards at the Recent Times Food Awards
#thaitanic in columbia heights lived up to expectations, thanks especially to the deep-fried "angel wings."
Sports media adjust their QB credentials with certain players. Romo chokes yet he a top 5 QB. Flacco leads team yet a product of bmore def?
standing all by my lonesome on platform 9 and 3 quarters.. Waiting for the train
x: while watching trailers in the cinema, I forgot what came x)
Appalachia Waltz is one of those things that never grows old.
Very thin ": Its a thin line between love & hate..."
Yeah.. I miss him :P
yeah, it's a technique haha. It's a thing!!!
chris is having a break out year so far .....
Can't seem to find my credit anywhere in the app. Is this a bug or is it just not featured anywhere? Thanks.
out to the gymm ,
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. But obstacles don't have to stop you. ~Michael Jordan
lol it looks like it
lol tht bitch look like a Muppet with a wig on one of her pics :(
must LOVE museums of all kinds!! They're providing serious #aam2012 sponsorship. Thanks. Way to support communities!!
HA LOL she would love that but they wouldn't send no more checks if you did
I aintt afraid to drown if that means I'm deep up in your ocean <3
So cold in
Will POTUS mention education and workforce readiness as a national security issue?
Beta Chapter President Jason Zavaleta is visiting the Alpha chapter this week at USC to discuss collaboration and the future of DKA
um, yes. I probably should be, working on it. We still need to have that gchat.
u r not good at the sport of basketball
Might need a mid-day caffeine fix...
Evans: If MY cuts come down, That's armageddon, that's when the dist may not be able to continue operating (insolvency)
I really hate when people tell me "oh you look tired!". Really?! *&(*%^&*%
Why do people pretend girl scout cookies are good?
When does the Packers 2012 schedule come out?
JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKS
Charlotte Beers: I think it's important to talk about ur failures. The worst thing would be a book that talked abt how effortless it is.
thanks for the follow as a small business we totally appreciate it.
When Mary was denied a room at the inn, Jesus was born
I have this overwhelming desire for today to be Memorial Day and to be on North Ave Beach.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "Sorry, I'm busy."
aw thanks :P
Got a lot of filming done over the weekend for our new short film! Still lots more to go.
I like to start a BLOG with I AM HEALTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL PRODUCTS>
25 years from now one of the hardest things the next generation will have to do will be finding a screen name that hasn't already been taken
coworker tossing her cookies. hope it's anything but
he's more of a shooter in the game. He should be a better rebounder and post player.
Congrats on the Gug! And: phew! It's a crucial set of questions. You will do them justice & help others see their importance.
AWP is coming up. Retweet if you're going!
Really, MLB.TV? I mute the game and your ADS STILL PLAY SOUND?! That sucks harder than the kids on the cover of TIME.
" lol when you almost bought that sonic game" You swore you'd never bring that up again...
Back in rainy PHL. Landed b4 we could see anything out the window. Not sure it's good to be home, but am looking forward to seeing the dog.
Honestly who would complain if Will Smith slapped them? Really. People pray for that shit to happen.
OMFG the right side off my neck hurt but idk why like wtf
That's what you get #Caps when you poke the bear!!! #Bruins up 4-3 now!! This series just got real!!!
I DIDN'T SAY THAT! I HOPE YOU PASS :)
It won't be long now till she starts dressing in black and draws anarchy symbols all over her notebook.
Boo. Now I just wanna go to school.
Thank you for writing about ! Much appreciated :)
Still packing -.-
Oh really? Okay, I have to make it down there to see you. We were just there 2 weeks ago.
Omg. I've been spoiled for the last year and a half. I'm totally not used to traffic in SD. What is all this?!? Move!!!
I'll be stealing that quote.
Beach wolf
": Starbucks stop before comic con with and the pops." Let the geekend begin!
2 years ago today I moved to m Milwaukee! I love my life here and it keeps getting better!!
We have your favorite make and model vehicle in today.
Tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive, Clara
Rushing to the airport & making record time thru security: good. Getting that text with flight update (polite word for delay): not so good.
Friends, please spread the word, I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB!
RT : #ff it's follow friday folks -
hey i'm a model would love to get network with people thanks!
I need to tweet more, so I'm going to try.
RT : PYT has a krispy kreme burger it is 1100 calories... sounds insane... or like death on a plate
This weather in Portland makes me not wanna get out bed.
"Let's take all the clothing that doesn't match, and put it together!" - The wardrobe people at Skins UK.
": My thighs are sore"oh my....
ur back :D hi.
lmaoo <3 you as my witness
I despise the Internet on this day...
OMG On Errythang ! Hi Gorgeous ! Nh !
Just a country ass boy from scotland neck nc that's trying to put on for the state of NC!
Who tf still wear glasses without the fucking lens?! So fucking ugly.
Day off. I just posted a picture of my coffee. Maybe I should work out.
wow! so cool that you guys are using pinterest! I have been thinking about starting one down here... great example
One of my fav scenes ever:Office Space- He is rapping in the car and turns the music down when a black man walks by then turns it back up.
Great to see Sam Hutchinson make his comeback. Here is to hoping it all goes well!
I want to do a game night. Maybe we'll get jeopardy for the wii and you can put your name on that!
as a NewYorker & a huge fan, THANK YOU!
"Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me and don't talk about me until you've talked to me."
RT : Come get a reuben for lunch! Thinly-sliced corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian dressing on rye bread. YUM
Don't drop that thun thin- haha hat the hell does that mean??
Rita Rudner~ Before I met my husband Id never fallen in love though Id stepped in it a few times.
sounds like a great night! I'm working on Bad Romance!
thanks for the heads up!
okay! Who's casa?
Cody pls i wish and wish everyday every night dream about #Tweetmecody if you do i will be the happiest girl in the world
Loving his new page:)
last fm? There's K Rizz on last fm??? Lol
Hopefully it will be up late tonight or tomorrow morning.
oh right! NKOTB right! Tix were expensive ... But keep me posted! Credit card!! Lol
Baylor can wear whatever Fugly uniforms Adidas wants to give them. They still cant stay in front of
RT: got my collection point for ! hello, !!! see you april 23.
I really enjoyed this Inno'play'ion session by Helene Blowers @ #il2011 - great encouragement for play, work, collaboration, co-creation...
Hey , what are your thoughts on getting wineries to shift their thinking on web presence (e.g. wine labels)? Seems hit and miss.
Oh, you liked a picture of Facebook saying I love god? You must be so religious.
Desert bloom porte kosher is ashley boucher z new nick name z
An idea without a plan is only a dream. Get a Plan.
this morning was amazing - so inspiring to see everybody out and hear the voices of labor!
if red pepper flakes have calories then my afternoon run just became a complete waste
lol. I might as well ask too lol. How y'all know each other?
gunna make burgers!! :)
Happy Holidays!!! We wish you a Merry Christmas!
I'm not doing anything in most of my classes lol
This nigga said all white people are manufactured in texas lmao
I'd say about a 2:01 could probably get someone in..
AND ELY KEEPS BEING SMART YO
anyone know if its on Dish?
RT : Renee and Judy will be attending the Pittsburgh Technology Council April 2012 Membership Meet and Greet from 3-5 pm today.
Blow me!
It has been announced that our dear family friend Laura Nyro has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame!!!!!!
So much hot stuff going on today. I'm gonna faint. *turns up dyson fan*
so awesome!
Most people are school are pretty
. Lets hold ALL who voted against #fairpay accountable, not blame women from #Maine alone?
MAX UPDATE: Grinder cleared from tracks, TriMet says MAX service will resume as normal by 7am
was just thinking i should! ok, tweet TK.
“: If your name ends in -iana you're automatically the prettiest person alive” Sweet.
": Some people come into your life as a blessing, and others come into your life as lessons."
Watch out Knoxville, here I COME!
This is the day that will never ever freaking end. I swear.
Looks great Craig!
Not if you and don't initial the call sheet outside of C-8 before Wednesday.
The Duke/OSU game just started 3 minutes ago and it's 9-0 OSU. I'm not liking this start. I think it's bc my Coach K shirt is in the wash...
ROFL? RT : Emails tonight from and are cracking me up.
thats what i was thinking:)
ok was just wondering because I live in Northern Va to Front Royal VA
I know it was stupid, but I need to know... do you forgive me?
“: i need more followers #teamfollowback”
LooL you tell her Girl!!!! :D
The Cubs will win the World Series this year!
" No goodmorning texts "
I think I will pour out a 40 on the 2012 February Calendar, Flash some gang signs, and get a tattoo in remembrance.
i got and Choooch
#didcthatcoming I'm learning way too much about Dane County, Wisconsin
There's a Woody joke in here somewhere...
My pleasure... u know u rock ya mohawk super fly don't u!
3,981 People Achieved Millionaire Status Yesterday. It’s Your Turn Today..
Good morning Clipper Nation!
You going to finally grace us with your presence today? The original pound of coffee is down to about a half pound.
Because that's what everyone needs...drunk hugs...from me.
you should have been up there at least 5 times already
When you swim into another lane and spear a dude at a meet.
Studying for a lamberty test is pointless.
I'm guessing at least five of the new donors were conjoined twins. So you hit 5000 in spirit.
- Two to add to the list:
,Please followback Me
Social Media specials to continue next week! #Facebook #Twitter Don't miss them!
how much u would cost for a graduation party
Managed mine to grow like a hand, but don't know about the foot
I know.
Gramma stalking? Is that a thing?
Bosh spaces the floor and give Bron and Wade lanes to the hoop. That's where they miss him. No 1 else 2 do that.
Hillary C was still paying off her campaign last year I think
Wow, you follow me but your profile is locked. I'm supposed to guess who you are?
lets go
My heart is broken by NBC's decision to end Parks and Rec after next season-- which will be only 13 episodes :(
There are only two kinds of people: happy, fulfilled attendees of 'Speaking of...' and those listless good-for-nothings who don't.
*waves arms* Still here!!! :D New job adjustment has been more time consuming than I thought!
Kelly Clarkson had the #1 song on this day in 2002 with A Moment Like This. It was pretty emotional watching her sing it when she won AI.
5. She's talking in a perfect, unending monotone. Haven't heard her use a contraction yet...
Swerve on em
I feel the exact same way!!
Google's Marissa Mayer asked to join Wal-Mart's board: Marissa Mayer, vice president of Local and Maps for Google, has been nominated...
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE 2 EMCEES
lol no one feels bad doing that
Industry peeps: If I were to sell an amazing documentary series that's already shot and edited and beautiful...where would I go?
You're very welcome -- sounds like an epic pairing!
First impressions of #linksy: Double rainbows and honey badgers pwning your social sharing tactics.
Such a fun event every year! RT : Saturday: Karl Strauss Brewing Company Beach to Brewery Beer + Music Fest! fb.me/B6ljPA30
Don’t miss tonight! The story behind a cup of coffee is told in this episode. At 7:30PM on MPTV 10.
Some Chicks be looking like a bus hit'em when that makeup is off.. Geez
Who said #Vick can't be a pocket passer? He's showing he can do it all right now.
Today is International Monty Python Status Day. Here's a few quotes to kick things off: "Welease Woderwick"
My architect is THE MAN!!! #KozRocks!!
I agree with you. Not true at all. Great meeting you yesterday. Ps. I miss UCLA.
God are these refs awful
When did it become OK to have a resume longer than 1 page?!? All I see is "blah blah blah..."
; It was a great piece. I hope it leads more alumni and students to check out the Lauinger collection!
i had the maddest crush on that brown skin thang
"Just like in life, you want your ups to be long and your downs to be short.'' Detroit Red Wings Head Coach Mike Babcock
what's that
And If I dont then what!? I'm not brave enough. Maybe I dont want that shit on my status!
key to deformation of humanities = transformation
Play me one on one... Show me how to play your favorite sport... Let's box..let's work Let's bet on every game.. Let's make it all worth it
just pay for it...don't pull a Pryor!!
Dan Wheldon you are amazing driver #77 on laps 77 was a special for you we ya'll miss you dan
One of the saddest things I've ever seen in my life was my grandpas best friend at my grandpas viewing
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell
Hey, I have 3 twitter accounts. Im in Marketing too! ;)
hahahahaha they make us look tough okay!!
Watching MTPress now. What will Paul Ryan say?
Ah, okay. for a second there I thought you had exported the data to a spreadsheet personally. Now I see the link. Odd.
please follow me ur so funny an I'm also wandering if you have a psn account add me peyton112
Dont talk crap about cwf :-) ur face has more holes then a sprinklet..
Money,Power,Respect
wow, its all my fault then. fucking bravo
If you are going to NAB, you HAVE to check out the NewTek Magazine! It's unbelievable! New York Giants, NCAA, Iron Sky and more!
People have a hard time in minding their business. If it doesn't concern you then be quiet.
Thank you! I appreciate your support!
im sexy and I know it
Thank you, Maurice Sendak, for inspiring the "wild thing" in us all. You'll be missed!
what leaked ?
So sorry to hear of your loss, Corey. Prayers to you and your family during this difficult time.
Definitely preparing!
alas, only in the Shirley Jackson sense.
that u didn't change??
What one has to do usually can be done
Your horoscope says YOU ARE 1 BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!
VOLUNTARY Ice bath after a VOLUNTARY run
judging by the greatness of that game, it looks like we're gonna see the shittiest game ever tomorrow.
Clippers' Griffin won't let knee hold him out of Game 1
Beautiful!!! Reminds me of my Nanny! She is in heaven now! Thanks for posting! :)
I breathe again
everyones annoying me, besides isabella and taylor.
Camping all weekend!
woot! guess who's under 400 emails for the first time in forever? hellz yeah.
Auditions are open! YG Chorus now auditioning singers grades 2-12 for spring, including our June tour to Washington DC! bit.ly/vH5jBv
I won, that's why she blocked me lol
Long ass day~ Best friends birthday tomorrow
seriously. I love when that happens. I remember seeing Nevermore at a VFW hall in the 90s!
Be able to Manage Newborn Calf Health by attending Franklyn Garry’s session in this year’s Food Animal track at the WWVC.
Indeed! Thx again for a great panel. And Brad's a great guy - we should all connect soon and talk Higher Ed + Tech. Cheers!
HaHa why thank you!
I'm drunk!
“: People popping bottles of Ace & tiny bags of peanuts everywhere!! #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
I ignore you cuz you're no good for me
dial tone is my fav track from your tape! Good shit dawg
#FF Milwaukee pride & CYNH of course!
she loves you too! She can't wait to see you and your shoes again <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Pinchis green ladies I don't even come here anymore & their still giving me shit! Haha >:)
Am I drunk on jelly? No, I Am skeleton jelly.
HELL YEAH HE WAS THE TRUTH N COLLEGE 2BAD HE CHOSE BASEBALL
to beat this Brebeuf goalie, no zipline shots, fire around the feet and let it bounce. Can't block it.
yea they played hard. I agree w/u. S.jax didn't get any love from the refs tonight either.
We are your weekend party starter! #nowplaying DJ Sammy "Heaven"
Root cellar will be closed this evening for a night of rest. See you monday. Team roots..
"Secret Valentine" - We The Kings. :3
#hogab motherfucker, horses on gerbil's ass, bitch
I absolutely hate Halloween I Season of the witch! I mean it would have been a good movie if i was named something else...
smh its shame cuz niggas be watchin that faggot shit , don't bring that shit round this house i know that
Interviews wit Jesus, cold pops, and OKC Thunder. RT : If you don't mind me asking, what do you have time for?
I feel accomplished...I just reported someone trolling an AU Facebook group for spam.
where my niggas at? holla at a brother! giga nigga bored like two turtles fucking slow
The past ten years of my life have been leading up to today. Holy shit. Good knowing y'all.
very nice want to race?
Thanks for sharing !
why and when r they deleting their twitters
Seriously. Xtina. Pants.
Loving the Bridesmaids ladies
consider epistemology, instead of ethics, which is, after all, all about telling other people what to do....
GREAT NEWS! If you donate to Pink Banana between now and April 1, your donation will be MATCHED! Please give; any amount helps. :)
Rajon Rondo is doing that passing thing again. Quite well, too.
I want to thank you for "the fart machine is after us!" And mike lawrence for saying dingus
Me no cupcake, me no mark, me no suckka, me got heart...
RT If you are watching the tomorrow on
Just making it home from church....
you know that we love to play and party! we are certain to cross paths very soon.
540 deads, 550 squat and right around 350 bench- keep in mind my top 3 vertebra are fused together ;) but I love it anyway!
Everyones beens asking where you are ? Edibles and Me miss you !!!!
walking out the door next stop Capital Hill
there are 250 people in Norway?
Happy Birthday Frank Dino!!
Viewing the new #aroundtheworldin80plates on with
Aria and Ezra!!!
And when its over and its gone you almost wish you could have all that bad stuff back, so that you could have the good.
what! how did you find out when it was?
I've two good things about tomorrow one it's my mom's b-day and second it's the 13th anniversary of Millennium!
When using any oils you must be careful that the oil does not get on the scalp it will fill up the folicle and cause a block
"In the long run you will receive more from life doing the job you enjoy than you will ever earn in money from a job you loathe."
LOL -- my dad just bought the iPhone 4S. I have to help him set it up. God help me and God bless his dumb little heart lol
yup sure!
Just added to the #WFX 2012 expo floor Foreman Seeley Fountain Architecture
Very close to finishing #Memoir. That's why I'm not Tweeting so much, but please stay tuned.
Has the kid already been put into photos?
because Ann Marie got redistricted into another part of the state
I love everything about that article... We must go see this play!
SAME DAY PRINTING AVAILABLE > www.800printingnyc.com
haha. im dying of laughter.
I'm testing my new phone!
Homework and talking to friends :3 <3
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out. - Dolly Parton
Just saw my niggas Ryu and Ken
Planning a trip to Georgia for the weekend
Leaving San Francisco. Few days off before we shoot some more in NYC. Thanks to all our Bay Area cast & crew!!!
Does the CIA even WANT to know?
You goin to regret it. You goin to regret it. Might be my 2nd new fav show.
Most popular Airsoft Silencer auctions ;O silencer
Tried the new Drano double do hickey stuff on my clogged kitchen sink. I am sad to report, no hot guys showed up spouting double entendres.
I work at a family restaurant in maple leaf and no one has had a issue with breast feeding there. That I know of.
12 more episodes until I finish this season
Just came back from Walmart. All those crazy pics on the Internet are true...there were "Walmartians" in every aisle. Wish I took some pics!
Seeing how the Devils are playing, it's looking less like it'll be an issue. hah
However, continually producing premium content worthy of links and leads is not easy
Congratulations Gabriele!!! She just signed with Fentonmoon Media this past week!!
They have the best everything... Even pop machines, lol... - RT they have the best grilled cheese ever !
I'm sorry I was a virgin and didn't know what I was doing :)
Money without purpose does not make you wise!!!
thanx for interest. Contact me at and will send info.
Cody Ross batting clean-up? interesting.
Just heard a clip of song I recorded, can't wait for everyone to hear it!
Today is 4/20 and i'm reading #PotInc by
Smoke&strawberries coat my throat
lol I was playing with u loser
corny jokes are the funniest thing to me ..
To all my late night peeps, we are doing the tap takeover till 2. When you get off work come join us !
The pack better get some DBs
Pretty sure we were just called a "different beast" at
Well... I sure find myself driving to bellevue a lot less now....
i thought you lived in Nashville?
DP gave him that fight.Both TDs started with lazy kicks and he had trouble getting off bottom. Aldo wont make that mistake
god mawnin everyone!!!!
Going to be handing some free Sonic T-Shirts out at our soon to be Annapolis area Sonic. 3106 Solomons Island Rd, Edgewater. Details in AM
Players & coaches have asked him where he learned to tackle like he does. I've not trained his teammates.
thank you so much for the follow! Many blessings to you!! :)
Go to The Tipsy Pig! RT : why hello SF, and I have arrived.
Happy gardening!
What are your favorite Halloween themed recipes?
Studio time early
Put your life in God's hands :]
Gonna dress up all week.. Or atleast try :)
10 days til Allegro performs at the WV Italian Heritage Festival in Downtown Clarksburg WV Sat Sept 3 --are you ready?
Alright! I feel you fam
dancing with the stars<3
Calm down, first of all, who are you? And 2nd, why are you attacking me? I don't know you & the block button is a click away!
More and more geography to deepen historical understanding seems right to me. And it is not a new insight. I looked at the Silk Road first
Ugh people are reading
it needs to get cooler because i need to stop drinking cold cordial or i will def develop full blown beached whale status.
We've come too far to turn back now- Al Sharpton
I will make you mine, all mine <U+2665>
This one's Tricky Tricky, so keep an eye put for a couple mistakes!
I don't get why people liter when there is a garbage can a couple feet away.
Obama has finally 'evolved' to support same sex marriage. How should we celebrate #glitterati?
#WorstThingInTheWorld is when my I can't listen to my favorite #boyband ever !!!
True, but how much could you expect him to want? They are unloading guys like Caron Butler and potentially Tyson Chandler.
I've been pinning fox softies hoping to get some ideas about how to make a cute little pink fox. Mixing the best bits and making it my own.
Email avalanche. Save yourselves!
i can :D
Doc your Anniversary Waltz served me well with the husband and wife team I auditioned with today! Thanks.
I wanna go shopping!!!
That's what we're here for...if you're happy we're happy!!!
just wait a little longer when this number changes to 18 .... it is a real wake up call...
at #walmart hahaha
Live covers might be a tribute to a song they like. But (great) recorded covers take the song someplace new. +
So why aren't you following me yet!? Miss ya!
Stellar #shortstory from my teacher The Truth and All Its Ugly j.mp/l7Knbi
Any news on the intern situation?
Im off that 1800 rite now feelin good
no problem.
Anyone have any info on the Into The Woods Movie that Rob Marshall is doing??
I would like to wish the best of luck to Jerry Yang in his WSOPC Event!
Pick a number and do these steps: add 5 to it, multiply by 4, subtract by 6, divide by 2, subtract twice the original #. Your result was 7.
One last drink at the JFK before I fly away to the land of prohibition
The gym is the only place I want to be right now :[
Saw a lot of Barajas bashing on here today & heard a lot of boos towards him tonight. It's kind of poetic that he hit a walk-off homer.
There's been hardly a whisper about web archiving at #dlfforum. Next year let's make a splash!
welcome! So far so good :)
You don't know
dang tootin cotton picker?? I gotta learn some things.....
I went to slee so early its not even funny . Now I'll never go back to sleep
If you follow us, please follow the owner and lead designer
please pack your knives and go.
Why do people need to FIND things to bitch about? Is it so damn difficult to be happy? #firstworldproblems re:
Holiday Travel Guide For Rhodes (Rodos) Greece
I think my own mother just talked me into buying a Galliano dress shirt that I would've felt guilty after purchasing. Thanks, Ma!
I agree, great game
Wish my friend a happy bday? Pretty please!
What a great sketch!
ahahahahahahaha. early bird gets the hotworm?
Want to get back in my Dragster and race.
We are getting excited for the Mariner's Home Opener this Friday! Anyone else going to be there?
I need a massage :)
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
RT - #Top10Lies..the Miami dolphins going to the super bowl this year...yea right
Lmfao RT : Always Smile especially In The Morning, It Makes People Wonder What You Did Last Night. <U+30C4>
is sick of lyrically earnist modern alt folk rock. I don't want to hear about the mundane crap you deem song-worthy.
Just got a $15 tip.
me neither hopedfully it'll go away fast!
thank u very much :) x
haha i try! RT : You're gathering enough information to make a show :)
Spanish armada... 1588
catch a breeze(;
Oprah for men, AKA Steve Jobs, will no longer run Apple.
Met someone great!! Thanks! :)
Perhaps. The article tries to make the point that Flickr could have leveraged photosharing to be something more, but didn't.
FGM would like to thank Chik Fil A in Cheltenahm for feeding our volunteers last weekend at the Prom Fair! Thanks for your kindness.
is that so?
Wowww u goin straight in today lol lol who's cd are u listening to is it that bad?????
let me know if you ever need a dog sitter!
Is everything that comes out of your mouth bullshit?
It's genius.
i love bunnys O.O
so far this week feels like hot tea and blanket days.
Everything happens for a reason!
Stop Acting! You ain't got shit!
End Is Likely for Knicks; Stoudemire Is a Maybe - New York Times
Why are people so turned off by my profile name? Everyone knows someone who's obese. Don't you want to help them?
My heart says..yes..
I hope the heat win so that when you add bosh, wade, and james rings- you get 4....and kobe still has 5. "LAKERS4DWIGHT" 2011
Cats are not finicky, but merely "creatures of habit" and prefer what you gave them yesterday. Feed them with wisdom www.wholepetdiet.com
Opt 2: I am using Nik Color Efex Pro 3.0 with a cross-processing technique that seems to push the greens, and minimize the red.
srry but yall is cut off
Me walkin roun with no cash on me pssssh ya I doubt it
It's almost as much fun to watch the #WDYTYA tweets two hours before the show as to actually watch it. It gets me psyched for watching.
I hate how my step dad & his car both smell like my ex.-____-
Dear Fixie Guy: So sorry that I made you stop for a light & you blew out yr tire. If only someone wld invent a bicycle braking device...
The tickling penguin video is a personal fav! Have you tried Krav Maga? Want to come in for a free class?
thanks for the support!
Being true? Just makes you look like a douchecanoe, I'd say keep it klassy but you don't know the meaning to that word.
woodson's so athletic. goodness gracious.
you guys have been going to the movies a lot lately. I think you've seen more than me and I work at a movie theater lol
how are you?! still cooking up a storm? sorry i haven't responded to your chapter yet :( i miss writing & reading fiction! soon.
let's not get too carried away how bout we go for winning two in a row first...
Glenn: Maybe you can talk about the news that just came out that Danny O'Brien is leaving MD.
How cute!! Add it to your virtual closet to track how many times you wear it and share it with your friends! :)
“: Admit it, We all tried keeping a diary, and failed.”
Gumbo and jambalaya on my mind
Digging today my string is now over 5000 stringers man life is good
that would be awesome!
Shout out to my mom!!! Love you!
Falling asleep at work <<<<
Awesome! Cant wait to see more
The footage I seen had to have been replays as it was about 8 Am on the West Coast. at the time. I didn't understand...
Tip: A reliable contractor will guarantee the work.
don't act like you don't like it ;)
When do you start working?
Happy Xmas x 1
run. for your life.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Hey everybody! Please tell all of your friends to come and follow me! 10 days until my release, spread the word!!!
What gives you the right to judge who is pretty & who is ugly? (hate when ppl call themselves ugly everyone is beautiful.). <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
Can't wait for WM 28 ur going to kick john no nuts cena's face in! Inspire by u
it's not taken, wonder if CJ would hate me for copying her
goodnight! <3 i love you...
For the tweetage!
It 11:11 make a wish and say :)
I swear, ur ad pointless as white crayon!<U+E416>
So I've been avoiding this Twitter thing, but I guess I have no choice :/
Happy Friday
"Haters Gonna Hate ; Mahomie Gonna Love" -- Austin Mahone <U+2665>
where did they steal ur pics from? Do you know who it is? I'm so sorry
Wow. Just found out my Grandpa Eddie died yesterday...
I never watched Weeds,but #Huck was NO JOKE!I missed what that was about,who did he torture?
hey big brother ALMIGHTEE, its me your friendly neighborhood Massage Therapist : )
ditto. will shoot for it again next week. :)
#JessicaSimpson brings in $1 #billion a year.
It's probably something to be a little ashamed of.
what channel and what time is it on?:) in the west coast
I need chocolate!!
RT : Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. –Charles Caleb Colton
Guess dems and O can blame W for all the bad weather we are having. Blame 41 for Reagan being dead too while u r at it.
Prop 8 Author: N.C. Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment 'Goes Too Far' David Blankenhorn, a supporter and an author of California's Proposition 8
Building a jumpbag shopping list today. Need to stop borrowing from it. So hard not to!
Not saying it takes forever to count votes in Loudoun County but I just heard 'em call out one for Adali Stevenson
Fr. Kemp's class , The Church & the Poor, reminds us to "preach the Gospel always and, if necessary, use words."
I am watching Larry King. I love Ann Coulter. She makes me laugh. She is so closed minded its funny.
do people with misspelled signs not know of the error or just not care? saw a "FELTCHER FOR MAYOR" sign on texas and meade
a lovely dinner with and at boqueria. three hours of drinking sangria, catching up & laughing over our BCN memories.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Hey, You could do some youtube lessons. There are lots of voice lesson vids on there. :) Just a thought.
I love walking my dog, gives me time to think.
Cal looks awful. How did we get in the position where we have to root for them?
At supposedly the biggest club in america!!! Let's get it
I hate myself for saying that! RT : . just said that we need to "dual-purpose" something. and I are on it. Yep.
following u there always more 2 learn about the streets everday
There comes a time when you just stop giving a fuck.
Would love to list you house! Why are you wanting to move? It's such a great area! Sounds like u got a little rowdy lst night
37 different artists! Find out which paintings take top honors at the opening tomorrow night, Thursday, June 16th, 7 - 9 pm! www.mpaart.org
Going bike riding later with friends. Shall be fun.
Is it real life that everyone in the world is watching this game?
You should've heard the topics we couldn't even get em through the door
the countdown is officially on 15 ½ hours till <U+2665> NASHVILLE, TN <U+2665> for the OVC!! 5 amazing days in the <U+2665> of MUSIC CITY USA #<U+2665>letsgoeagles<U+2665>
I like caca peeper and pro with my burger
I bet that reader also believes Foxtrot is following him/her.
Sitting here feeling kinda crazayyyyyyy
Haha! I have a date! My roommate. It's very Romy & Michelle.
I've gotten to the point where when I want to be passively entertained I better be able to disdain too.
Walking and jogging in the sand for 2 miles has my legs quivering! Now I got to walk back 2 miles to get to my truck? GTBMC!!!
You're welcome! Thank you for including me in the Mother's Day gift guide!
I was 2 hours late to work because of you ! That's what a fab concert and no sleep does! Lol xoxo
Happy Earth day, or as the GOP says Happy "Thing We'll Pillage in The Name of Profit No Matter Who it Imperils" Day.
No. Going to Mutemath!!! We may come by and say hello after, tho.
How do u get moving pic?
"It takes 100 reason to convince you that you can't do something. It only takes 1 to make you believe that you can!"—DJohnson (T&BNOV26)
RT bhut ever time i c yuh. Yuh dnt even speak doe : you don't be wanting to hug me :(
On a plane, catching up on email. Heading home after a great #eli2012. Lots to share. Thanks !
We miss you!!
If our neighbors were forced to stop hammering or drilling for more than thirty seconds, I do believe they would wither and die.
By 34. Are u Kiddin Me? Lets Go Gators!
People should to use terms, be themselves basically, without being judged
Trying to figure out rewards to offer for the custom art card sleeve Kickstarter.
actually, I'm in Texas. What happened?
"You are cinema, I could watch you forever"
laziness= no weed no treats #byefelicia Lol
- AF & Israeli action to deny boarding is bad, and may violate ICCPR Art. 12 & airline duty as common carrier.
Thanks for the
You think you got problems because you're not satisfied with your life, until you find somebody facing Death. Now THAT'S a problem.
Did you know there are volkswagons made in America, our of American made parts, for American buyers?
thank you!
a back link ;)
Send me SKYPE names (: !
Yea, but, how many times you been to the mastahs?
Attending the capital module at #hitsummit. CEO Jim Denny discussing why the company raised its capital outside Atlanta.
Lively discussion today about Linzer tarts, hadron colliders, and wombats. I love my friends.
You will have your own rights, and they won't be so much trouble."- Sojourner Truth
RT if you wanted Paul to be slimed. !!
I made it through 4 years of high school without getting in one fight, only because i stay outta drama. lol
last I heard that will be called the Epic Lite and cost about the same as the version with a lens.
it was good, I felt really strong. The last 200 my rotation suffered a bit.
Snowmageddon returns! Batten down the hatches!
He may complain when he finds out that there are no Diamond Club seats for tomorrow available. I did buy tickets however
But, darling, only THIRTEEN episodes?? (sad)
Are you reporting live from #mifflin2012?
I Mean Take It Too The Top!!! Joint Is Banging
Shane Dawson got nominated for teens choice award they shouldn't have done that don't they know he will win everything their just so stupid!
New website coming soon!
I been at the hospital all morning now I have to smoke two blunts to make me go to sleep
Robot Chicken high is asking for you to be thirsty from laughing so hard
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there....
Only 3 days left until Gerald will be at the Wineries Unlimited Show, Richmond, VA, Booths 422/424. Discounts on all booth displays!
it's in Nashville, they did have nose bleed sections but I don't think the drive would be worth those seats.
thanks and yeah at the end we got medals and we have a banquet Tuesday
Day off!
We are, too! MT : Tuesday afternoon and no team meeting. Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little sad already.
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life
#1DAY until the Boyfriend video!!! SO EXCITED!!!(: I love you!!<33
Ha! Don't forget about prevention!
Just received the "biggest dinosaur bone there's ever been" (turtle voice). No study hall hours doe :)
In a Whitney mood! Gunna play her albums and dance my butt off!
LHC staff is coming to dinner at our house tonight. My goal for the night = incriminating photos of
Working with some of the guys from again this weekend! Should be amazing!
What's here for the music, n Ceenyle did the battle thing for 106&Park
got one with your name on it! (not literally but... )
#Leo is @ their best in the spotlight so nightclubbing or attending a party or concert together so they can show u off will pay off later
Where are you? I should send you a picture out my window. But just imagine all white snow falling. Not fun.
i still bank with them, but it's so rude. i told the guy off.
:))) i'm kind of obsessed
yeah i added the babyface part.that was the nickname me and my mom gave him but since he went to S.F. he grew a full Facial.
party rock by lmfao is #1 wedding song
But what does it all mean, bazzle?
LOVED sharing with the courageous women at the Step Up Academy in Boise yesterday!
Have a Safe & Proper Halloween <3 the Wisefly...
Good to know someone else is thinking along the same lines. Keep getting the word out.
Friends are like potatoes...when you eat them they die :0 smh Ty, that joke is weird lol
Car cra I say
Church: done. Only time of year you'll find ange & I in knee length skirts and blazers. Peace
Did you watch this week's flip?
For what it's worth...Seattle has America’s least ‘miserable’ economy according to Bloomberg!
If you can't SAY it in front of your Mother, don't POST it on Facebook or TWEET it on your Timeline
Chocolate. It's not just for breakfast anymore. 111 St. Marks Place between 1st Avenue and Avenue A. New York, NY, baby
that explains it all lmao
If they did not learn and then perform, then it was not training. That doesn't necessarily make it good or bad... it just wasn't training.
there's a nandos in chicago.. we should go
Yay the #Hawks won!
School rules pissing me off all the time. -.-
Calendar, Best of the Lamorinda Sun -- Vintage fashion show, physical therapy workshop and celebrating the music of ...
you want em'! It's all about work and dedication.Get on rt eating regime,and metabolic workouts.Drink lots of water n a fiber Supp.
RT : Please RT if you're ready to have the best New Years of your life!
please dm contact info
That's a super column and that's a fact.
It just was "NOT MEANT TO BE" - move on!
Coenzyme Q-10 not only energizes the immune system. It also helps burn #fat during the #weight-loss efforts.
I was just about to tweet that!
She so pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I feel like going on vacation to get away from people
I spend all day thinking about that
funny...got to retweet this one
Fuck are you to be subtweeting?
it sure is taking you a long time to DrawSomething! I am about to give up....
that crimson looks great on you soror!
Had so much fun playing the Eagle's Hall in #Modesto. I think we turned on a lot of women. Haha
Intermission at 's Syd Lieberman show. Dear, droll, endearing, warm #storyteller! His last #story moved me to tears.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & out pastor
how r u Sir
aw i would have :( next time
"I will personally be working to raise money for safe spaces. This is a very high priority for my admin."
So I guess I'm going to bed pissed.
Abruptly woke up to asking me to go tubing. Now we are leaving for The Salt River.
#PACERNATION<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> Let's keep grind going!
A perfect time to start working on solutions for tomorrows' problems is now, tomorrow will be too late. RD
I don't have kids. I just have free time and money.
awh - poor, Ruby!
nice! if this was jeopardy I'd ask 'what is Mulder's sister's name?' I think xfiles is one of the shows that hold up to time!
Open club night @ TryOuts! $10 cover for 21 & up, BYOB, doors open @ 9pm, dresscode strictly enforced, & don't end till 2am!
Thanks man! Praise the Lord! RT : =
Anne Parker is currently tied for 5th! Fast DH run at the Aspen J3 JO's!
Ramps ramps and more ramps!
I wish I could go back in time and relive some memories in my life again when you were there..
Anniv. of Robinson Crusoe - the first "realistic" fiction. A time to reflect on storytelling, and how all people respond to a good tale.
More than 550,000 Android devices activated each day! Found this piece of info on google blog.blogspot today. We're mobile ready.
Marlins game tonight. Guess the roof will be closed. Bummer.
As soon as the mind tastes the bliss of the Self it will know that there is no greater enjoyment.
Congratulations for Above and Beyond Campaign Results, 3 years in a row!
*smile* that's awesome! Hope you still love it after you live there 8)
All the news channels showing a space shuttle landing somewhere else.
I take pride in knowing that someplace, somewhere my old geocities and tripod websites are wasting disc space on some server.
Margaret Wolfe Hungerford~ Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
“: thank god i know how to fake cry or else my mom wouldnt ve typing my play.! Hehehehehe #guilttrip <U+E417><U+E417>” chill!
exactly! It's like watching ravens win before super bowl during 2000. Enjoy the wins without the expectations!
Yess shes too old RT : #basketballwives - Hey tami. BITCH YOU GOT A PROBLEM YOU SHOULD WORK ON.
TO MUCH TIME ALONE
I see which way the whistles are going tonight. Luckily, calipari's teams can't shoot free throws.
Damn nuggets arent playing too well
you may see me in the street but shawty you do kno me... !
I guess Michelle Dugger didn't fact check. Every day, about 200 million couples make love, 400,000 babies are born, and 140,000 people die.
Survivor finale
8/11. Party in the Garden! Live music, garden tours, complimentary wine & pastries on the Bakkens's outdoor terrace. $7; FREE for members.
RT“ Don't keep running back to that one person you need to walk away from.”
New on the EAT Menu {Pan Roasted Skate Wing, Blue Crab Fingerling Potato Salad, Shaved Fennel & Arugula, Aerated Maine Lobster Broth}
Thanks Reggie... RT : Steve Blake falls to the ground. Westbrooks gets bank shot
Me too man.. Me too.
old man!!! Haha
or dirty laundry.
Have a great weekend!
Thank you for the add. I'm a Disney fan, too. Can't get enough Pirates of the Caribbean & Haunted Mansion action.
are the ratings in the toilet??
Totally looked like you tweeted it! I saw there was a link but I didn't click it. Also, it sounded like something you would say!
So is it true that everyone's starfucking speed racer at Lincoln Lounge?
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me.
|| I don't like where this is goin ||
Enjoyed watching Houston Hoops alum last night - good game. Follow back!
Co-sponsor Sen. Whitehouse's Resolution to Protect Social Security and Medicare. Become a citizen co-sponsor at nosocialsecuritycuts.com RT
Explore. Dream. Discover.
I will be at the El Rey Theatre in LA with this thursday! Catch me if you can
Btw- you didn't happen to play at UDub did you?
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson
Thanks, Greg!!
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness!
good point! no, and i actually just departed on a jet plane. will you be there in january?
Not at the moment but I'll let you know when we are
love ur take on tebow seems like everyone is scared. U never shy away stink u rule espn
YAY! Wish I was there :)
I love my clients. Two told me this week not to write about some insider information before divulging. Geez, like I would do that...
can you be a little more specific with your question?
Yippee! show tonight. Well-deserved after such a long, intense day at work. Now let's just hope I have some energy left. :)
First AM post, all I can think is how to follow guidelines for whether or not I would say this to my mother. CHECK! POST!
Done! Make sure you
"Jesse Owens: American Experience" will be on at 8PM EST.
I'm sure there's an app for that.
There is a difference between expense & investment. #Fundraising is an investment. Likewise
i've done that once. Its a pretty good workout
TNA will be a can't miss tonight, enjoyable a susual, haters need to get a life.
Golden State Warriors vs. Chicago Bulls tonight @ Oracle Arena in Oakland starting 7:30pm
But yeah, I just kinda need to know if I should stay til Sunday or Monday, that's really the main thing.
Rudy tried to dunk that?!?
I feel like jvan's calling me a ho and that makes me sad
lol it was crazy
But school is a good motivator for reading when you get graded on them. lol
#Blackparentsquotes if you get hurt, I'm not ringing you to the hospital, I'm leavin' you there!
- Love the whole outfit.!
RT : Graham Creek is a beautiful place to go paddle & enjoy nature. Check out or latest blog post via
"I'm easy like Sunday morning" - Lionel Richie
u have to crawl before u can walk, walk before u can run...please believe once we're on our feet, its track season in this bitch!
#LAStageTalks Free floating anger prevalent (Steven)
Nene don't block that.
#HighRoller hahaha I'd say send some liquor but Mitt doesn't drink. Todd and I will though.
BDUBS GOT THE BEST OF ME.....FUCK
just working..almost done... Be home in about 1/2 hr... You know we're here...
I get it, I get it, but I'm still annoyed that I have to work Monday.
indeed indeed. <3
RT : North Carolina: I refuse to throw my shirt up and twist it like a helicopter any longer.
your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable please take them off.
RT : RT : Save your morning espresso receipt @ get 1/2 off an espresso drink after 2pm. Offer starts April...
That's the point...“: I will, it usually happens in March.”
I wish I was on the right about now
There are resorts that have such things. I did so in the Bahamas. Sand, sun, AND trapeze... you know you wanna.
Happy Mother's Day Pebbs!
Seriously everyone I've meet on Omegle right now is a directioner
Everyone go follow for updates from The Ready Set's "Young Forever" video shoot
: you win. I am now a twit.
Yessir. From a couple of farms that both have grass-fed/pastured animals.
Who's going to that sold-out show at tonight?
@ #RichardLawsons Open Class 2day! It's off the hook!
Huskies Game Tonight!! :) Super Excited!!
First session with personal trainer at Urban Active was fun! Looking forward to exercising with my husband at our new local gym.
Anyone know if Michigan is a auto trade-in tax credit state or not?
Go history!!!
We are offering great discounted room rates & show tickets to see Celine Dion. Caesar's Ticket prices from $55.00 Check out our room rates
I thought you didn't like the Premier League ol chap? MLS far better no? ;-)
Hey , what are you most excited about for #Smithsonianthirst? cc
I would be lost without my friends & my boyfriend. I'm so lucky to have them.
All this #SweetGenius talk has me craving brownies.
#KSsynapse Monteggia: Normal BDNF levels return, but antidepressant effects remain; lines of evidence suggest protein translation involved.
Recording Demo Tomorrow.
When it comes to women, they don’t get rights. They get restrictions...
BALLS NO DOUBT
Spring is right around the corner; make sure to get your air conditioning and freon checked.
The baby in picture is SO CUTEE!:)
Hello fellow Glass industry Friends we updated our website to be Google font based looks neat and as well contains our video from highrise
Im bored as shit n dis bitch
#NIT is just as much about wanting to be there as having the talent to win. Don't think many teams will care as much as
Wonder how long my Mello gonna be.
Saving money is hard. Knowing me i prolly coulda had 5k stacked by now
I want some oatmeal cookies & butter pecan ice cream #myfavorites <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Back to trying to get to 8k tweets!
So, rumor is that Joshua Jackson is finally going on Twitter. Mass panic ensues as horny fangirls round the globe race to delete old tweets.
Thank you! I can`t wait for my tour 2!
someone. ANYONE. please tweet me?(:
We must stop jhosep kony plz he is a man who has been on the loose for 20 years plz watch kony 2012 on youtube we have the power to stop him
Time for you get out that bikini! ;) RT Currently 77 degrees and I'm lovin it!
#Imagine At the airport, Harry notices you and he immediately runs to you. He cries silently and whispers: ''I missed you so much!''
90s dance partay! Rocking to at
maybe time to start occupying foreclosed houses, bank offices, city hall, neglected corners of the city...
how the failure of American leadership to build a positive strategic vision for this country will end?
What's your favorite basketball team? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
“: Just ate some awesome catfish tacos at the smiling moose !!!!!” was it certified monongahela catfish?
I eat like a baby because I have a tiny little stomach(YEAH...)
I only tweet that which the voices command.
Too bad IMO RT : Outside of ALL of that happening, I don't see Merrimack making the NCAAs
We appreciate the RT, Kevin! Hope you're soaking up some good knowledge at this year's
TOPYX social LMS was named as a top emerging LMS by CLO magazine.
The Big Lebowski is sold out. Wow!
Wait. People think Adrien Brody is handsome???
why is it rude? am i being the rude one for not calling? :O because if i am IM SUPER DUPER SORRY! :'(
you so cute <3
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance..
Jeezy and Dwight Howard in the fl mall
Bout to make a hit single titled: "I got money... but I ain't got money like that"
I need to start goin to the gym alone...if only more women went to weight area so I wouldn't feel so awkward. Ppl stare -_-
muah! Miss you!
You're all I want, all I need. You're everything to me.
Hot Pockets with a Dorito glaze?
#NorthCarolina "Happy those who seize your children and smash them against a rock." Psalms 137:9 NAB
you should come sing in Dallas!! Haha i would loove to hear you sing in person.. Wow that was really creepy hahahaaha<3
MINE TOO ALSO MY AWARD WHAT IS THAT COCKY OH SORRY.
Thanks for the tweet!
It's for the best in zombie audiobooks and all-around SF
I will definitely take you up on that offer in the near future. I have zero running endurance at the moment-need to work up 2 it!!!
Happy Birthday or belated birthday to you First Lady!!!
Please follow and let her know i sent yu! She is an AMAZING singer!
I KNEW it would be a Handy Hanna hair dryer! They also came in powder blue and chrome. Love those things!
Ransom is a dope flick. Fuck mel gibson tho
Oh boy. 10 inches of snow last night.
Thanks! Happy Monday!
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
“To name something is to wait for it in the place you think it will pass.”
Repair your iPhone with AppleTekGuru! Your one stop repair center for all things Apple.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Between the Clippers and the Crew? I see your point.
yea I really high on Helu. You'll see once our weekly #DynastyDatabase posts start in June.
Judge agreed w/ lawyer that the request was too broad. Wright's attorneys have more work to do before they can get that info
Deeming myself "The Baby Whisperer". THE BEST at getting kids to go to sleep. Saying so however, guarantees my next attempt certain to fail.
Hm, do you have a paid account?
Gah I totally want to come to your facepainting parties!!
Just seen a Sexy Picture of Whew !
We would each add what we know...
THE BUS DRIVER IS SO STUPID were on the side of the road calling an person all cause someone moved seats . -.-
i'm working from 12-8 today. come see me :)
Look fwd to seeing you there! RT Welcome to #techinmotion - we hope to see you at the meetup next week!
Real girls stay. Hoes come & go. Little boys play around. Real men settle down.
yea I couldn't even say anything back to him I was laughing & thinking like wtf huntermark tho
you know the steelers PA job just opened up. lol
I am about to go out in public in a short sleeveless dress and flip flops. This level of public nakedness has not occurred in years.
Have a great night!
From now on ... Things are gonna be different.
Another Friday the 13th...but no superstitions here...a lot on the plate today...St. Patty's taxis..skybus news..and awesome hockey hilites
Thanks Anthony!!!!
Round 2 short talk by the incomparable Katherine Fulton of "Growing social impact in a networked world"
Anyone have questions for the #alltheway tour bands!?
Havin breakfast with my boo!!
Driving home from Mt. Iron, MN on Saturday was a bit of an adventure. I really wasn't prepared for that much snow.
Staying up for our fish. Another nail biter.
Just got through following many of you back on Instagram. My Instagram is "mercedesashley"
thaat Take It The Head is classic another great production by one of the best that ever did it
I had another dream about Garfield
wat happened that made it so great
Watching the
Gross: Draghi wears an Italian suit but still speaks fluid German. Look for further cuts, however by year-end.
It's never as good on the inside as it looks on the outside!
A Bold New Way to Advertise Your Business! ~ A Bold New Way to Fund $$$ Your Cause!!!
wow can't believe u were voted off, ur good bye song was excellent. Brought tears to my eyes, best of luck. Keep singing.Bless u
You're welcome. Thanks for all YOU do for your neighbors! You're a 4-star D2 constituent!
GOOD LUCK
thanks for meeting. Walkscore rocks!
love peg board -so versatile, so many ways to organize :)
Happy Sunday Brunch Everyone!
aww(: I love you to<33
Wow,Dev... Wow.
Our #recordlabel #blakglobemusicgroup is trying to decide who should distribute our debut album. or
Sorry I never answered this super important food q. Oleana in Cambridge + 75 Chestnut in Beacon Hill for wine & charm!
Dont u hate when somebody ask u a question & then they read ur lips & answer their own question with u. Wtf u ask me 4 then?
it don't count lol . & if you driving , then yea . . . well are you driving ?
Ah, spring is seriously coming to the Northeast today! Get out your leashes and take a walk!!
We believe that San Antonio is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
flashbacks of a Calvin Klein poster
and how is that unfair?!? Haha
Damn my Knicks need this win!
thanks for following!
No tattoo today *sad face*
...and that he should kick that high horse he's on in the guts & giddy up while he still can. Oh &plz leave my contact info BEHIND you, thx
Check us out on facebook. We finally got there, become a fan!
It's going to be awesome!
'Jimmy Carter'...priceless, Tish!
RT : Q3: Many have hinted at already: getting back to basics & less is more mindset
Hope you find your maps. I would be devastated!
New phone on deck......... Bout fucking time
Cuttino Mobley is suing the Knicks claiming he was "forced" to retire. The way I see it is the Knicks did him a favor!
YOU GUYS, in addition to Connect 4, this bar gives you fun sized candy bars instead of mixed nuts. I've legitimately found heaven.
Kids are voting on nerd of the day. *fingers crossed*
Wohoooo-go MPAs! Congrats to all for hard work
what do I get if I win!!! I'm thinking your personalize protein shot!!!
"We do love our men individually but as a whole, they're rather stupid"
Happy Birthday Natalie! Hope it's wonderful just like you! RT : It'll so make my day if wished me a happy bday today :)
oh my god me either<33
I was in the EC on my way to Madison!!! For a 12 hour visit with friend. 11.5 since I got lost in Madison.
FACEBOOK ME @ FACEBOOK.COM (WILLIAM COTTON) YOU CAN SEE HOW I ROCK WITH THE STARS...
“: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'”
Time to get this run in. Then its beer, brats and movie night with my amazing love
yes hun i'm back and i'm not MIA lol and thats directed at you too
Clippers-Grizzlies 4th quarter going to be a goodie.
At Occupy site today- people were packing up, taking down wet tents & hoping for the best. Police apologized for confusion over the weekend
Congratulations Mr. Kennedy! NABJ's Emerging Journalist of the Year
Welcome to Twitter ! I look forward to reading your posts and hopefully learning a lot!
Thanks, it's about the quality of life...
Yes. First step is to get congress under control. Cut pay, end pensions, end special benefits, add term limits.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
and Happy New Year to you!
Tonight 5pm at the James Gallery: &
Okay... so who systematically went to every single room in gelman and farted?? #smelly #whereistudy?
I don't chase after anyone. If you want to walk out my life I'll hold the door open for you.
What is permissible is not always honorable. -- Cicero
U by ur self this weekend celebrate ur birthday by you self like u was anyway # selfishness
Good luck... You're gonna need it.
Had a wonderful 1st birthday with my son and family
The birdies are awake
One day .. I'll be good enough
“#NeverShouldYouEver touch my food without asking”
wait, you're one of those #winning people that actually have more "followers" than "following".... HOW U DO IT????
#SometimesAllAGirlWants to love & be loved
hey! Our team is #beatsam as in Beat Sam
John p Kee real talk!
I just realized I'm 3 hours behind on west coast so am too late to alert you to event in Bethesda tonight. Dang.
In 2 and a bit years I'll be 16. Soon it'll be year 10, its like last week I just went into year 8! :'( life's crazy! Why so quick?!:(
“: 77 degrees this weekend? Oh yeah!!” beach?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 16
Camp? He's been damn solid for years now. I'm more confident in him than anybody else in the pen (right now).
Hey Lisa, give us a call and tell us exactly what you need. If we can't, we'll refer you to someone who can. 888-TO-AZPAINT
95 degrees in May.. I can dig it.
....and even more cops at 435W before 103rd.
LET HIM BE
The princess of power is not to be messed with
via : Robert, Do you have an email address for Harry Ettlinger? I would like to send him a note to thank him for his service as a
For once, I'm not hilariously overdressed for this "freezing" weather :P
Here's to a great 2012!
We set out to change the very notion of what it means to be inspired.
me too
good luck.
I hate stupid bitches
"The Breakthrough" comming soon mite hit up for my cover
what is a Indie Cultural Club? I'm intrigued! Can something "indie" also be a "group?" (stefan)
SO MUCH FUN!
hey thanks! I love writing abt events I'm interested in. I haven't seen exhibit. Totally want to! We should all go!
&& my medicine KICKED in lol....It's sleepy time.....
Day 1 at the #newjob. Struggling to get my phone up and running. On the plus side, swapping in a new roll of toilet paper was a cinch.
happy christmas time <3
You can also go to danamillerforcouncil.com in support of his re-election. The event will be a great time to connect & here Dana's thoughts.
Getting ready for work
ooh yeah that was her on Fringe. I was just shocked the Sister (spolier) Astred shot...I can't believe they would kill her.
": #Brewers. LHP Chris Nareson confirms he will have season ending shoulder surgery." Step it up Estrada, Melvin start shopping
Long day
aite ya i member talkin to you along time ago. theres this spot here where hella hip hop heads perform. its called the avalon
Woman at #Danishembassy after opening a book at a booth selling Danish-language books: "These are not written in English."
There is tears for his love; joy for his fortune; honour for his valour; and death for his ambition.
re: NPR's coverage... my thoughts exactly! Listening right now.
what kind of phony indoctrination degree do you need to work on E street?
a whole lotta nothing
at good ole NHS!
Market schedule coming soon :-) New locations are being added.
Pitching prospects DO fail, though. That's what they do. That's why you have to have massive numbers of them.
A Justin Beiber fan really just bitched at me for my Selena post. Lmao. Night. Made. :)
I want to self publish on Amazon Kindle, but I want to do chapter books. I haven't written a full novel yet.
Test batch of #glutenfree mexican hot chocolate chip cookies today. Never made giant-sized ones before. Calls for wee bit of experimenting.
Final season 5 episode tonight at 10:30 PM /ET/PT only on Showtime. Congratulations all. Happy to say that Showtime has renewed.
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free" - Johann Wolfgang Van Goethe (1749/1832)
oh I didn't know, well you're a dumbass then haha
oh thats not that bad...my cousin has to wear plaid lol !
I'm finna TAKE my momma Sprite lol
Dinner at NY Prime. Robert Duvall just walked in with a hot young piece. Very nice
I wish I could teleport to you the tequila I've just suppied - a. because you'd be drunk in shot and b. so I wont be. Lordy.
#nowplaying Yeah - Usher
It took 6 securities to get that boy out of the cafeteria!
And more wine!! RT : Getting ready for ! Beer, wine, food, friends,.......more wine. I think we are good to go.
Homies always hatin on my voice-mail message...smh
Not sure what to pin yet, but I am calling next big thing in non-profit/cause marketing & putting on
well I agree! :)
thanks for keeping me updated. I called you yesterday and you didn't answer or call me back
mmf... But got distracted by organizing... And clipping with evernote.
Panel-hopped over to workshop about reporting on Haiti with Andre Lambertson and Lisa Armstrong.
RT : “: Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE! That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!” me <U+25C4> You ready for commitment?
wonder what i should eat..
may have upset you
ok. I will try this again. Did u make it? :)
I gave her your number :) see you tn
Hey - Gotta Tell U How Much I Dig - That #SanAntonio Trio Kicks Butt!!!
oh!! haha, MY WOMAN <3 well i just said yes to someone, but if i find another one, then ill save it for you !
Do people really change? I'm really starting to wonder if this is just an illusion.
People like to steal our popular fiction books for some reason.
Entertainment Listings - Vancouver Sun
Too bad Brian's always late!
Thank you and for an all Seau show this morning, such a great celebration of #55 career
Lady, that tweet was from a hundred years ago. HA. Yes lunch soon!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Explorer Sport Trac for a new car!
yea its today, &i know i feel like alot of people dk its today & i think it was on the board by the office lol
Leave that behind with the others in line.
Bout to eat some chronic shit
Man, I really want a couple of those Nest thermostats, but $250 each? That's just too much. $150 I could deal with but $250 is just robbery.
i had a dream last night that we went to the concert... i'm thinking we should make that a reality
RT : i want someone i cant have.
You're Welcome And Can Thank Me Later With A Sbux If You So Desire.
Jack White. Robert Smith. Terrible.
I'll b on via phone 2morrow morn promoting Dirty Joke Show in Vegas.
I wish you were my mom! :)
it's FRIDAY, bitches!!!!
too much brush
You like a bitch with no ass you aint got shittt :P
dude wanted to read the newspaper instead of playing words with friends. Cut him a fucking break Aguado
Is cake done post a pic when it is!!!
cant wait for my #fiesta on
10 more minutes
oh no, i'm really sorry to hear that.
: that's debatable - but the fact is that access to more options & earlier detection of diseases does change life expectancy.
I think he's the most unethical character on the show; worse than Don. Hate him.
Photo of fire that AFD is fighting at Mountain and 1st. #ABQ yfrog.com/ntqt1edj
Good lookin' out:)
RT : RT : Tamara peyton: "the fb like button changed the semiotical meaning of the term like. Like=action"
Think like someone that enjoys abundance.
Rep. Tom Price admonishes govt-takeover of healthcare
Fires finally out in cargo hold 2! Broken window and spray paint fixed in corridor 2.
someone told me they were in Janesville, WI and some white guy was following them in a car yelling racial slurs... wow smh
she cleans up well !
Even with one broken headphone, still sounds amazing. They make my ears happy.. well ear as of right now. ;p
Just checked the analytics for one of our SEO clients, and they have seen a 1,000% increase in traffic in just 4 months :) Merry Christmas!
So happy I'm done with school for a few months. Needed some time to be on the lake!
Armenians are to LA what Guidos are to NY
#espn called ravens most over rated teem?? Kevin cowerd I will never watch your show again! Your a joke! #ravennation is 4 real!
Hoping the weather is as nice as they are promising. Prego shoot with my beautiful niece Brittany later today. :)
- gotcha, how about "Striker" yeah! "Striker"
Theres way more ppl that want it than have it
For the best selection of Design Options holiday sweaters, please visit www.rosegardenboutique.com or www.designoptionssweaters.com
RT tomorrow is #TwitterSex Tuesday! List the ppl you'd like to F--K on Twitter- that's a lot more fun than
A change saying to keep in mind: Don't tear down a wall until you know why it was put up. P.S. Your predecessors probably weren't crazy.
The iSchool is celebrating Banned Books Week!
Dining at the Kennedy School this evening.
Man, who saw this gorgeous day coming?! Awesome run...ok trot...around Burke Lake. Almost went for 2 laps.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Hi! We are in Ginza. Can you recommend a good place for lunch?
PLEASE RETWEET if you use iTune/iCloud/iMatch.... your digital booklets that you purchased with your albums may be gone 1700 gone!!
god I want so bad be you right now haha because I'm so boring in class
I miss you all!
Looking for artists & designers to assist us in bringing Hair Couture Accessories to market.Shoot me your emails
Just heard, "Got a new baby you don't want? Don't drop it off at the hospital, go drop it on the steps of the RNC." LoL!
&& I want my three legged dog!
I miss you too! I would hope to see you again!
Wow! I wish I had time to build one!
i kinda want to do a TBH thing on fb but .. no one would like it lmao
Ima try n put this as nice as I can...but umm... baby I don't want you
At the ENT office. Son getting hearing exam then ear exam to figure out if tubes might be the answer. :(
dammit internet, let me do my homework.
I just seen a bald racth girl crumpin in the car... Smfh
Thanks dude... it's going to be a lot of fun!
Only if you want me to listen ;-)
Don't be sarcastic with me. I'm mad. -__________-
Never letting my mom touch the color of my hair again.
hope you say happy birthday to me on my birthday next Friday!! I love you gorgeous;)
OUCH! RT Nickleback is playing over the company speakers. This is double torture.
You know, you've tried.
hahaha dorks a good fit for you...it's all good(:
what're your favorite NCAA and NFL Teams, dude?
i hope you feel better
If he raped her that's mean, but he beat that pussy up.
No Merisah's today, they're camping. :c But hopefully I'll find someone to hang with tonight to pass the time until tomorrow!! <U+2665>
Got mark Ingram an Cameron Jordan new Orleans wants to win
And we love them! Hook 'em!! : There's just something about these McCoy's...
good I'm glad:) but I take it all back cuz u left ur fuckin applesauce in my car, as if it's not trashed enough already u bitch
Hey ! A gaggle of your middle management (in company insignia) cut in front of me in the family line at SEA.
admit I'm pretty thug
I can ask my shrink for a recommendation. lmk
My sister made a piece of heaven <3
My Top5 Ky Derby: Union Rags, Creative Cause, Gemologist, Hansen, Bodemeister - Honorable Men. Went the Day Well, Dullihan, Take Charge Indy
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I'd be gone
She's charming.
"Music is the shorthand of emotion." -Leo Tolstoy
I need to go see 21 jumpstreet ASAP
Ah huh with WHO??? Lol RT : Naw I'm busy today lol
I agree headphones are great for focus... But wearing them all day in an office reduces the level of convo & community.
there is but theres no results ;-)
doing nothing
(ksenia) Our Spanish accent voice-over talent in Argentina disappeared on us, in the middle of project - looking for new talent
Yep. It's made with bits of real panther so you know its good.
My favorite is Thor c:es so cute.
Never mind...I found the xanax! :)
Reality Is The Most Fabulous Painting I Have Ever Scene.
word? What kinda diet you on son?
hahaha yes just friend! Lol and psh me too! Im a good man haha I work party here and there got my ish together lol
Yay I got a new phone!
Yep, we're kicking ass!
Omg r yall in atlanta i live in villa rica omg ur close
Where did you see that news? Oh BTW they are re-releasing Titanic in theaters in 3D this year too!
Thank you for mentioning me!
listening to classical music as i do this...makes me sorta sleepy. but i feel classy.
Fuckin on a regular is
#Revenge such a good episode tonight!
Guess I'm pulling an all nighter
I'm closing in on u dude. See u soon.
Have fun. I hope you see !
Just got my contract for the Wilde for Her anthology. Eep! Also, I get a small bonus if it wins a Lambda down the line. *flail*
one of the Gabsters lucky hats!
at school girl
Only 3 more days until final scenes ... why would I be panicking? (I'm panicking!)
happy birthday!
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!! HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends.
Good luck! We'll be sure to check it out!
Is that what "airplane mode" means?
You teach and lead by who you are, sometimes by what you do, and seldom by what you say.
RT : Heading up to TBar M.... // have a great weekend!
saw down a crutch
hey i spelled it right!! i asked you after i tweeted hah
So far Braun has been robbed twice by the Cardinals and once by Mother Nature
We will see you soon! Hope you enjoy playing poker in our room.
no just a fan, enjoyed the tunes and being a part of something avant garde in Cincinnati in the 80's if that is possible. :)
the song SHAKE DAT is dope I like it lotz :-)
Stay outta our life!!
True that, I'm Cali dreamin' real bad. I even made a playlist for it haha.
87! It hasn't been that warm here at all. Cool and slightly rainy lately. It must have been a fun weekend!
making yorkshire puddings. this could go very badly. it did last time.
": #Sagittarius will always somehow, somewhere get whatever they need to survive."
Joyful is the sound we make today, for this day liberates us from death and fear!
My life is my journey you don't have to agree with the path I take.
okay we can go there!! ;) yayaya
No biz like show biz! Ha
we will be sure to keep you on our list for any fun events we have at Southcenter!
Someone is sending Phishing URL links from your account.
Having breakfast with my lil man!
How is your microcurrent different from the microcurrent used in skincare and esthetics?
Either my Siri is a bitch (which I already believe) or the new iPhone commercial is bullshit.
Video games help train the brain to make faster real-life decisions.
Haha I've yet to experience that.
#shoutout to for coming with me to get my phone
once again, my plans are shot to hell. NOT TO WORRY. I will make you your own batch, if needed. SPECIAL.
Tonight. Finally. , , <3 No one understands how happy I am<333 I could cry.
My very awesome bike was stolen today, so I've decided to make a Kickstarter to get lipo funds because FUCK doing it the right way.
says she will tweet a topless pic when she gets 300k followers... I'll do the same thing for $50.
Just watched Source Code starring Jake Gyllenhaal. Love that it was set in #Chicago. Good movie, just don't think too hard. Watch and enjoy!
A little boy walked up to me and wished me a happy mother's day. I'm not a mommy but thank you young man. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
how are your travels?
In order to celebrate our GRAND OPENING, we are offering a $50/Hr. special... Call (678) 916-7065 for more information
I'm not too sure, that I want it to be this way Open mouth closed eyes, no words are escaping..... school tomorrow! :/
Fight it out with fists or landing pages?
Was just thinking this. It would be cool to show a "walk through" narrative with Neatline.
I wish harry styles was my husband. And we would have a daughter name darcy.
My neighbor's dog barks at 6AM. When I tell him he says it's barking at my cat. Like it's my fault.
totally belgian-y IPA
I spent the day in Boston and saw not one actual bean. Headed for the Cape of Cod for research. Where are you flapping to?
Almost time for Raw :-)
"When I save time for myself, I am pleased....when I save time for my audience..I feel inspired..."--Garr Reynolds, Presentation Zen
I sware I love me & convos in the morning !<3 :)
New Lucky Don Record lookin hard
Jeselnick fucking rocked tonight.....I love aids jokes.
Music audition and portfolio review at Augustana tomorrow. I might die.
Foster parents' group criticises cutbacks in care services - Irish Times
I'm here super early and surprised there's a really long line...
« #Capricorn: I have a crazy side beneath my cool exterior.»
txt me bak ha!
Thinking about doing my live shot at 10 INSIDE our truck, pointing out the window. I think I'm on to something here ...
BOSS LIKE LEIA! ROCK ON! ROCK ON!
If some how Queen, pink flouyd, and led zeppelin could have a baby... Muse will have been born <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Imagine that... we won with
On set at 530 am tomorrow..ouch. Cant wait though !!
Now seated for PORFIRIO
Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love.
. mascot Screech inciting violence in produced piece showing him rubbing cheesesteaks in Phillies fans' faces. Funny? Poor taste?
RT : Bravo, You have managed to surpass the cluelessness of your boss, somehow.
Just noticed Sporting KC has gone from a winning streak to a losing streak in a matter of 3 weeks.
I am currently applying to transfer to Ball State
I need to stop sleeping on the bus
gearing up 4 the summer
Thanks! This has been a great class. I am excited to see what the final projects look like in just a week!
I bet someone pushed you around
right, fuck around and make the news, a couple of times
No matter where i go ppl always ask did I find love and was really married!!!!!! SMDH lol
Thanks for da support!
Shout out 2 my broskii for graduating today
I'm not finding it in google.. It's called just nine? Do you know the address?
Praying for & thinking of #OSU Coach #KurtBudke, #MirandaSerna, & the other victims families...
RT« Its in their ability to hide their true selves from you but that is only because #Pisces are cautious and shy»
Just think how she feels, being a genie in a bottle and all.
Another early morning for and ! Headed to Manhattan today.
have peanut butter pie for me.
Ha! I expected a crypto-Islamic Shari'a beheading threat, but no! this season Europeanness is the most damning trait in a president.
Can't sleep, heavy thoughts on my mind.
I may be young but I'm ready!
I'm sorry I missed lunch today with and ! Hope to meet you in person soon.
“ I take good care of what's mine! And my man is no different!!
We're back Milwaukee...just minus all of our followers. :( Feel free to RT and follow us again!
watching kid shows with the munchkins.
listening to album this morning cranked to elev-uhn = brilliant work you guys! Really a classic.
If you spend all your time tweeting about one person, you need to get a life. Because I'm sure that one person can care less.
I hate Mondays!!
Have detail, story in #resume, just less words. How can u say it in fewer words?
Life really doesn't seem willing to give me a break. It may be months before I can get my car titled in DC. Original owners are jackasses.
He's the loudest, rudest voice in the gladiatorial sparklefest that has usurped our national discourse. :-)
I'm sorry - that was my immature way of telling you I think you are intelligent, intuitive and handsome.
Oh honey. I'll always love you with all my heart. Even my were heart.
Thank you to everyone who auditioned this weekend! We saw some amazing talent and casting will not be an easy decision.
I was pose to go to skoo in Alabama how iz it out there
I think I have a good taste in music. Fuck every one who doesn't like it. :')
in PAC'S words 50NiGGAZ<U+FE3B><U+2533><U+30C6>=<U+4E00> Bring it
absolutely. CMON spelling.
Yum. Chocolate cake....
Fall in love with First step is booking a room on the club level floor at and stay for a week :)
Oh God it is...
Ready for my Americans to do work in Australia!
I love election week! Free food its the best food!
Wow..great news.RT : Major props to the #77 bus driver who noticed a passenger in trouble and swiftly got help for him.
Maybe it jus has to grow on me, but I as of now I'm not really diggin that new Kanye joint like that.
We're game :)! RT : Any chance I could get you + some other foodtrucks to come to the #FriendshipWalk on 4/21 @ 11 am?
Working out while watching the food network
Uh oh, walmart commercial said "christmas" instead of "holidays"
No one knows the Toy industry better than this young entrepreneur. Check out you won't be disappointed!
Where can we sample your music?
k, you know better!!! I could never manage this! It's Essie's new color. And I paid...$8- haha! Victory!!!!
I like to drink w
The first of many sandwiches for lunch this summer. Who wants to go swimming?
Chris Brown,TI & Paul Walker >>>>>
it was!! I need to go back & try dessert sometime
thanks... in SF now
So...Instagram? What is so great about it?
two words, HE'S BEAUTIFUL ;) rt ": two words .. he's. ugly.
I feel u bro!
got it. Being inarticulate is an epidemic among students at this fair institution. Haha
Holla! That's awesome!
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#NCState #Texas)
Its so dark outside D: &&its the morning. Not night.
GOOD MORNING . Just woke up lol I stool up talking to this cute guy til 3 am last night for 5 hours........ -Ritchelle<3
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
How was it? Worth continuing?
When comforting a grammar nazi, I always say softly, "There, their, they're."
We like to think ahead around here. Retirement planning workshop brown-bagger happening right now
Maybe a lot sappy
I love book design. In a short period of time, books about a stripper, the New Testament, Greek philosophy, and song lyrics from Megadeath.
That feeling you get when he talks to you about another girl. ugh i hate that </3
Good Luck!
great show! gives me so many ideas for tattoos!
Knows what she wants and is going to get it
Realest tweet all day yo. Thank You.
so overpriced too!
Cut my thumb while slicing an apple. So I had peanut butter on my apple with a little blood thrown in for fun. I know. TMI.
Live life and follow your passion. Never let it go for anything.
yay new followers...salute to yall
Lmao hell yea he did
Happy Hump-Leap Day! This definately calls for a Wonderful wacky Wednesday... Big Ass Beer Night and 20% off our fish and chips after 7.
Thank God for the SDCOC! 8a, WOSB, Hub Zone.....the apps are so confusing! Very thankful for the "how to" presentation today.
I can't follow you guys back I'm in twitter jail and I will follow you when I get out of twitter jail
Thanks for the follow! Great to be connected with you.
#Dope picture what was dat?
just signed her name "Anataya" in an email. Who thinks it's prolly not a good idea she's invoicing 500+ clients while on cold medicine?
Too susceptible to #Manhattans and So much for networking. Be very jealous
Learn perfect biking, running or swimming form with Free To Run. Reg. $125, only $57 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial.
Beastie Boys marathon to wrap the week. RT RIP Adam Yauch, aka MCA. He truly did it all, and did it with a wiffleball bat.
last year
Would you guys mind if my son recorded TwitterBaseball this week on the video cam?
Congratulations to #Muskie Akmal Mirsadikov named as the 2010 Cohort Student of the Year at IowaState's College of Business
Trying to find out if we have been assigned our booth for the Midwest Arts Conference.
Annddd Jessica Sanchez just shut it down.
you are confusing the jim nabors character with the HeeHaw character, MRLeaver. AP has it correct.
I dipped my pooh bear in that honey pot. xD
Happy Monday HDDT followers! Another sunny day in
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
That's what they call roughin' it.
I love you too baby (:
Reading one person's conversation with 4 people about a car on twitter. Takes forever. + all his little girly friends
During a media interview, keep your cool and deflect questions with humor when appropriate so you don’t get ambushed by pointed questions.
its her and her husband name, she thought it would be original that way
It's not even 12:00 yet.
Thanks! Glad you're participating with that great project.
Last day of class :) #sosohappy! A step closer to SBU<U+2764>
thank you for the mention!
waiting 20 minutes for a bus is so not hilton
That was bomb
Damn my stomach boiling.
State lines used to mark the borders, we're making our way one highway at a time!
how inspire curiosity? what techniques do u use? "want to inspire curiosity in a fun, inclusive environment"
ok u must be on dust heroine and drinking pure rubbing alcohol this good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Bo Jackson is doing a signing at Mill Creek Sports on the 5th
Winter Warmer!
Going to school(:
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds - John Perry Barlow
Hi Mark-Thanks for the follow. That MyShoppingGenie sounds really interesting. I look forward to checking it out.
oh, and I got my symphony chocolate bars
Variety calls our World Premiere of #MonkeyAdored "One of the most captivating attractions around right now."
Every 6 months or so I have a brief bought with amnesia. I forget why I haven't given up caffeine and try. This round lasted 4 hours o_O
have you seen the start up list? 95% of them are men. So go figure...
u still there
hey y'all! What's up?
haha, that's the same thing I was going to say!
do u even have a facebook?
Any NY-based improv troupes who do narrative, longform improv wanna join our festival? We may have a few slots; DM us yer deets!
Oh man, i might throw my computer across the room.
Its funny how yhu want me to work for some dats already pose to be mine...smh...dats y im workin to get it on my own !!!!!
actually now just checked. How funny we BOTH got our tweets on our respective birthdays Whilst out eating a birthday meal......
Heading to the 6th and the Phils are clinging to 1-0 lead.
Retail stores aren't the only ones with great deals for the Holidays... Lennar's Fiscal year end sales are going on right now
Thank you and for the RTs. Have a great Sunday!
good job for making Jeremy Lin out to be bout race rather than talent and than headlining "Chink in the Armor" to top it all off
Now it's NJD's turn.
Assistant TO THE Regional Manager. He must get sick of hearing that. hahah
Just heard a page for Rep. Marsha Blackburn for a flight to Nashville at DCA.
there is lots of thing to do that will not be boring and twitter is not one of them lol
Please fallow me!
what's happenin down there ?
its ok lol well be happy lol=)
and I was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that I would and should win for sure. But???
Aw, I wish you could've come too! Next time :)
I'd rather watch Friday night lights than lost.
just became the greatest twitter account. Go
Everything is happening - - that's what's happening Twitter.
RT : Before the sun comes up, we're only 5 degrees from our record high. It's 56 in Detroit!
March happens!!
It's Saturday and I'm NOT teaching! First time in many months...What should I do?
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. ~ Ayn Rand
Nothing last foeverrr
Going to the caps game!
Pandemonium June 2nd
Columbia on monday? I think so!:)
If Friday doesn't happen, I will not be a happy girl.
Stan should shake hands with some Head & Shoulders. It's a disasta!
“: we were born to die” -- shit that's true . Fuck it I was born to thrust Zayn YOLO BITCH
I don't understand what could possibly make my mom not like listening to Big Sean - Dance Ass, it's a good clean family song.
OUCH! Feel better dear.
Rt When you love your work you dont count the hours #TChat - but your +1 will! :)
If your reading this, rest assured I love you.
Will do. I'll start at the home office in three weeks. Can't wait to catch up!
agh you're such a douche! Why, you finally made it to Nationals then you don't want to go. que paso asere?
When does absentee voting start in Alabama?
Speaking today at the southeastern venture conference #sevc in DC
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOUR DOING AND GO FOLLOW FOR ME PLEASE HE IS SO AWESOME!:-)
#Didyouknow residual stress, worry & anger make you unable to sleep well at night? Have you ever tried an aroma diffuser to relieve stress?
...or be allowed to wander in wax museums unescorted!
actually wants to be here when I watch him play. Like he had a lot of ups and downs this year. Nd that's just something
Oh em gee. What a coinsedence. Me fucking too.
Today is the day to bike for cleaner air!
ahaha good one (;
We are having a wine exchange fundraiser on Dec 14, it is a great meeting to visit if you've been meaning to!
Polo polo down
Your next step is to teach the kids how to use Mommy's present! It's a twofer, new lawn mower = new landscaping team!
I am still torn between smaller community Non=profits or working with USAID. I really want to do international work but ...
Is at Barnes & Noble at the Grove. 14 security guards and screaming groupies everywhere
Wish that Chalmers stops committing stupid fouls! We need ya Rio
We taste tested the wing sauce and beer pairings for Beer Week yesterday! Make us a must on you Beer Week tour
wow!!! Where is my red one! Lol
Shower. then bed i guess. im so fucking hungry, i haven't eaten in two fucking days, awesome!
LOL Happened to me yesterday. I came in like 101 out of 110
We're meeting with Bob Hope's writer Bob Mills to discuss a show format for 2013 and other top secret ideas.
Planning travel funding for the year. Anything publishing-related I should attend? Other ideas?
there is. It's on gary thomas bluegrass MMA page. Have you seen it yet?
I really do have the book too!
Ah - - the missing Croce's girlie-girl.
Hey, glad you caught that. We're excited for her Sweet 16 on 7/7. Jody has been great.
have you ever given D a rusk? Just found some and I'm pretty sure it's his favorite thing ever.
Spending time with family while dealing with a loss is lovely. They're helping me so much<3
the Nuggets need to learn the difference between "don't foul" and "don't defend" at the end of quarters
the best hangover cure. I miss Toppot!!! Cc
so bored. anyone want a shoutout? no? okay.
Wow, Jerry Sandusky is a sick man.
$2.75 Marble pints all day long!!!!Cheapest Marble in town.
A fact about me: I cry myself to sleep every night, but I don't tell anyone.
S/o to for the follow
Okay, I guess after completing two series and loving the latest movie, I can no longer deny that I like Star Trek.
Okay, Seriously. twitter isn't your psychologist. If your crying go get a tissue.
- what it do my G
I love your momma :) Your parents are hilarious!
RT : Globally, nearly 1 billion people have no access to safe, clean drinking water! Today is #WorldWaterDay !!
There are plenty of bookstores here that would be happy to have you. I'll shoot you an email.
yeah afterwards sounds good
We don't grow unless we take risks. Any successful person is riddled with failures.
Mall security at jwoww's gnc appearance describing why no photographing in the mall: would jeopardize "critical infrastructure". Puhleeze..
I love when sung
New album drops today. Grab it while it's hot.
nana had a body like 80 years ago....
Yeah its feeling like a good night....
I had a great time! Shops should always serve wine or champagne while you shop. It should be an experience. :)
Fantastic to see all of you yesterday! How was your meal?
That's a done deal!! Just hit me up when you get in town.
"We are excited that we have a chance to take the Rickey Calloway Concert to Lebanon, David Griffiths is one of the most trusted people"
The google homage to Charlie C is amazing.
With the sun out..
And if by awesome you mean #HungerGames nerds, you are correct :)
So let's let my tax money go to ONLY stuff you don't want to pay for and yours can go to what you want. Everyone wins.
People need to just stop calling people nerds. Here's why: 1. That is SOO 90's 2. Being stupid doesn't make you cool. In any way. At all.
long weekend or are you sick too?
Zimmerman and Kony need to fight till the death.
I still say moment would be that much sweeter for him if he were decked out in a #SidMashburn suit...and sockless, of course.
oh shit. That's crazy. Nah I'm good.
i think my mom heard me moan last night. ah!
please do.it wouldbe 100 times better with someonei actually like.
People are finally starting to wake up lol :D
And THAT'S how you start a spring
Im going to the pacers game tomorrow and I cant even be excited about it because everything else today has gone wrong.
CAN MY DOCTORS APPOINTMENT BE SOON PLEASE? id like to be able to eat without these pains :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :3
You would. ;D. What are you doing this summer?!
Undercover investigation reveals land lords renting homes contaminated with lead. Tonight at 5:30
Technical drawing is kicking my ass this week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
ah, I've been neglecting you twitter. Hey Portland (OR), find Diffusion at Reading Frenzy and check out their other indy press
Heh…none taken :)
lol Iono! He might be suspect! Plus. I don't wanna have to drag these hoes about him. I like average lol
Johnny's Tavern across from Sprint Center is the main place, Quick's BBQ, um cant think of any more
Nothing but good things happening
Boston loves and so will SBANE Innovation Awards, I'm sure. Good luck tonight & see you there
Absolutely, it is in the works. We are going to have some kinks in taking this conf over from trish and michelle.
I'm going to sit here and listen to Courtney Love until face times me but I'm probably going to pass out so please don't hate me
If you could be an economically challenged EU country for Halloween, who would you be? Very scary!
Bourbon and Eggo waffles...
Nas! Coming out Sat?
When I see you, I run out of words to say.
Event of the Week: Tàpies – Image, Body, Pathos
Ready for tomorrow? ;)
how'd you do?
"Dont cry because it's over, smile because it happened ."
Late for church!!! Im so used to service starting @ 530... Oops
. thanks for speaking at #2012CA, your remarks inspired me.
well said vol is about engaging in the comm not earning a pension others have that figured out, we need to also
Why would u make that?
Welcome back?!
,stay Blessed<3
At work all until 4.
Alfred De Musset~ Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
"It's a possibility. Things change. You can't hold them responsible for other people's behavior."
Yes. But Mormonism's cult status is taught in lots of classes here, right? That's what every student tells me...
oh I mean, he'll love to hear your sweet sweet angel voice.
All i knoooooo is its time... #OKC TIME....nuttn less than uh trip 2 da
Sometimes its just One step in front of the Other!
Final posts now up with 132 capper's plays posted and a consensus NY Giants 33 Pats 44 Total Ov. 36-16 ........ Suite party at Station
Has a psychic ever accurately predicted your love life?
Come get your #Hopslam tonight. It won't last long!
Definitely... being so close you sometimes forget to step back and realize not every school enjoys success like that.
Well, you can be sure they've heard of it now. (also---I miss you!)
My wife is hot
no, thank YOU, friend down the hall.
What id*
That headless soccer player is pretty good
So excited and ready for Cali Ready to flee!!
The nominations are out... I cannot wait for the Tony's!!
This made my nite! Taking care of some things so I can finish The Housewife Assassin's Handbook!!!
what happened!!
dragons/wizards/fighting trees and contempt for poor people in praise of capitalist elites
We do we!
Today would be a perfect day to go to the coast and stand on the edge of the continent for a while.
Episode 42 is on it's way! It will hopefully be available in a few hours.
I just want to take someone else's breath away for once
I'm da fuckin best!!!!!!! Don't believe me just wait and c. ;-)
Subbing for juniors in a Physics class this morning. Might just be looking at some of the members of the
The first 5 days after the weekend are always the toughest.
#New #York #Deal A 4-Day, 3-Night VIP Trip to Orlando Theme Parks for a Family of 4 All
guess I'm just THAT loyal.
May I ask..what in the crapville does that mean?
Three Apparel will be in SF this weekend!
doubled my dose of melatonin last night, bam, still bolt upright after 4 hrs sleep.
“: So the #Nuggets are looking good.” yes! Keep it up!!!!!!
i wonder if there lettin #DrewPeterson watch this movie in jail ?!
oh, sorry, got a bit off topic! tho there r parallels! :)
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future.
Inch by inch is a cinch. Getting #Paid is cool. Text: timnapper To: 90210
Life would be better if I worked with and lived near Ari Gold
who ate them? Jessica? Lol
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
not to mention bugaku.
cant wait to have you and on to talk about groom's cake and alot more1
you still just as good haha
Don't shoot nobody just call me if ya need me...I down fo my muthafuckin niggas
how do teachers survive such early mornings? :(
but will they is the question. Cashman hasn't pulled the trigger on anything.
Dope! see you guys there
my stomach is totally eating itself right now....
(AP) A 14-year-old Southern California boy has been charged with murdering his father, a U.S.Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent.
Be proud. It's no use rejecting Gossip Girl. Teenage tv characters dress better than savvy adults. Embrace your similarity.
My friends are great, but I can't talk about books with some of them because they "don't like reading fiction." Who doesn't like fiction?
#nowplaying Human Arts Ensemble - Streets of St. Louis ...oh yeah, it's good!
Getting annoyed I didn't go to Phoenix for the game tonight... Thinking of going out tomorrow for Tuesdays game... :)
awww! yeah well living in LA makes it EXTREMELY easy for me to see em! :)
Does that mean I'll see you there?
hospitality through the roof thanks pimp! King of la!!!
yours do that too lol
Thanks for the retweet!
goodnight guyss :D
lol, smelling like pigs feet and beer lmao
Same here still wide awake
I wish badly i culd be a known singer. N i say "known" cuz im not in it for fame. Its just so much fun bein on a stage:/
It's about time, idiots!
Possible invite to do so? RT : looking forward to you coming back to
A promise means everything, but one its broken sorry means nothing.
thank god for curves on final grades in science courses, whew.
I'm gonna play at around 2:30. U in?
just got done eating world famous meatloaf
Running late? Call in your order at 206-729-2021 and we'll have your smoothie ready to go when you get here.
Prognosis: Paws-itive
Miss you too, hope your having fun over there!
Thanks for the RT! "We educate you operate." I love it!
I guess "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer" is better than "Grandma Got Run Over by Weird, Drunk 'Uncle' Charlie After I Came Out", right?
Thanks! Now back to season 3.
Christian sacrifice is about learning to make one's life into a gift that creates communion. ~Norman Wirzba
Right now I am watching videos of myself on YouTube, one after another. Wow, I am talkative!
good morning, and goodnite ;-)
you have to let me know how that is!!
wat it do?
Josh Taylor speaking on "the cloud" 4 family dox. Worried that he hasn't considered implications of MegaUpload takedown by gov't.
Congrats Enjoy tonight
Finally im about to get my hair pressed out
Off to a great start today. Traffic was light & office is quiet. Time to get some work done. :)
If you liked this webinar, you might be interested in our other marketing webinars
it fucking involves me when Cruz calls me asking about it.
What the what???
#np you know im no good - Amy Winehouse
they're obviously scared of Ichiro..
Guy to other guy, "Tuck your sack back and get a pinterest." Quote of the evening, folks.
Not been tweeting much...spending most of my time on my blog and FB! I'll try to be better! Follow my blog for the most up to date info!
Gonna make a new video for youtube. :)
Cavaliers answer with 3 runs in the bottom half of the 4th to retake the lead, 6-4.
Anything in life worth having….is never easy., <3
havent been on here in a while - Theresa <U+2665>
seeing my boy jamaal video kills me i cant finish watching it :'( :( rip jamaal </3
follow back cuzo
After ruling on CA prisons, we must implement the Gov’s plan; best way to reduce prison population w/o releasing most violent criminals.
Getting ready for Issue 3 #transform. A few acceptance letters sent, but still plenty of room for more beautiful!
NF FOLLOWER BACK
Thank you for the mention. BTW, nice avi.
Just drank two monsters! Time to fuck shit up lol
Swisher is usually a pretty solid defensive player. Not sure what happened there.
RT : Inconsistency will push a person away. Apply that to business and love.
who there how she know my name? do i know her
Why couldn't someone have killed Birdman and Lil B instead of Biggie Smallz and Tupac?
And if it's easy, take it twice ;)
Felt so good to wake up on my own and not by a damn alarm for once
got hooked on your songs... can't stop listening to you, you guys are amazing and I know you'll go far #IBelieveInYou <3
RT : Why Local Internet Marketing? Have a look and see why your small business MUST be found locally online....
Do you prefer reel or video slot machines?
when we see Brant's dad and and he's in pjs!
haha thanks so much man! :D
Am I the only person that totally forgets is a guy? Ppl are always like "Mya that's a dude" & I'm like "So, Chick is fire!" Lol
Thanks so much and congratulations to all!
I can't believe this promotion is happening again
Change of plans, now going to Game 4 of the Heat/Pacers series. Still going to be an awesome environment.
they'll win both.
I guess it could be bad if you are trying to sell your house.
RT : Why is KG all of a sudden 24? < same for tim duncan smh
RT : Problem isn't necessarily Putkonen. Its that they've had to use him.
The first time I saw you guys was in 93 in Pittsburgh between rain storms in the park. Such great memories.
so at the beginning of the season we were calling for to be amnestied...now he's our savior. my how times have changed
Just walked out of in Aventura because the service was so horrible. Are you trying to model Sear's?? Not a good business plan!!
who is playing Danny and Sandy??
sitttin here trying to clear my mind
agreed. One of the fun things w/pitch f/x is potentially proving some old timey theories right. Value of C defense a big one.
where you headed?
this will be great/awkward. hahaha
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something."- Thomas Henry Huxley. Sleep well, yogis.
King of diamonds
Creepy thing that happened today: My dentist texted me happy birthday. Whatever happened to those nice cards in the mail?
When I moved too TX 5 yrs ago, I actually reg'd to vote in this same ER waiting room! By Acorn, I'm pretty sure!
If its to be its up to me
yes something along those lines, but referring to the hours lost in deep dimensions of twitter. twortex?inntertweetosphere?
ha ha so funny, so true.
I'm feelin if these guys can't start producin averages >.150 by May 7, it's time to bring in A talent and see what happens
what sort of shit or issues ? From me?
Nice....have 1 for me. Make that 2 or 3!!
everyone lol RT yo who's excited to hear the full version of #GiveMeYourHand on tuesday?
I need someone to do my hair. Wash condition & flat iron hmm !
so how is it to live in germany?
It IS a small world after all. Best of luck with the world of Disney! Brave of you.
Do you know any teens who are still in the Milwaukee area heading up to the summit that'll do an intv at 10 on 12 News!
Missed Lucroy's HR looking for the Miller Park spider that crawled across my wife's foot.
wahhhh, don't you hate it when you try so hard and it feels like its for nothing!
I chatted w/ TW yesterday, they claim that they don't track RR usage as it's all 'unlimited.' I'm skeptical. ;-)
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs Dirty Diana
hey there how's your week going so far
Bees buzz A steal at twice the price. Cheers guys.
Wanna get up and workout but its just so warm under these covers!!
Just Got Home From Skewl Drama A Little But Had Fun Stomach Hurting From Stupid Christmas Party!
Heading to bunco in the 'hood. Always a fun time with the ladies.
New Found Glory. Corey Smith. All That Remains. 10 Years. underOATH. Ingram Hill. Colour Revolt. Digging the 2011 Minerva lineup?
Good morning.
Missing my Pooh :( I wish he was here to rub my migraine away.
Thanks for the call out to during your panel at
Raymond: Friendship Academy? I don't even know what that is!-Lmao!
Who's really #free?? The banker or #you and #me?
if you want me to post a game i will
If you're not in the mood to watch the acrobatic dogs perform this afternoon at City Park...your next best option is a massage or facial!!
Welcome to ManyFreeThings!
117 Friends within two days that Alsome!!!
It's easy to say what you do; it's difficult to do what you say...
Happy for the connection!
is a beast. Touchdown!
'By end of HS, Black/Hispanic students' reading/math skills are roughly same as 8th grade white students'-Columbia Univ.
Signing the lease tomorrow. <U+E301><U+E036>
Prob, yeah. My intuition was that she brought nothing to the table re: race studies, but trouble was that my lack of knowledge [+]
nice job, and nice win!
cold high
Ugh im boredd
Today's the 7-year anniversary of when I ran down a purse snatcher who targeted my wife at a mall in Orlando; pulled a hammy bad too.
I didn't win & I'm sad, but it is not Emma's fault that I didn't win. She got lucky and I didn't! Why are people starting drama?
uhmm no you can dm me -.-
How does a person have a problem with me but they're scared to answer the phone when I call!!
I will release it once the speaking series ends, sorry for the delay
Why not just pick the number of courses, sit back, and let us choose. The tasting menus are the way to go!
Kickin it in Austin....I loooovvveee this city
Careless freaking turnovers.
Special thanks to Beth from AL for helping me figure out my Fralick brick wall in genealogy. Yeah. So excited!
Nothing is lost that is born of the heart. ~Basil Rathbone
All I want right now is to hear from my bf ...its killing me
so grateful to have this guy around.
Yeahh Wheeler baseball is back!!! Have fun! Mets 2012
I know you mad but so what. I wish you the best of luck
Great lunch and service with a smile!
Ahh thanks so much for the RT! Glad you found it helpful :-)
Now it's really going to be a celebration sensation! Can't wait.
If Bemis wants his money just give him his money.
some folks are already the bitter, judgmental, duplicitous, shriveled little people they're destined to become, just with less winkles yet.
I wish it would just rain. This windy cloudy bullshit is annoying.
hurry up GUY
Tuscan vineyard
Congratulations to all 100 Outstanding Women at tonight's gala. We are honored to know you, and to support the cause for kids,
O, what's making? GO TONY!
My Daddy Told me He Gone Walk into Gigi Birthday Dinner W/ Some Speedos on ! haa
Music is my best friend
Your purpose, that thing that among the many to-dos of your days, is what you must do. Embrace the truth of your purpose each minute of your
nigga u shyt on me..i shyt on u..u put a hit on me i put a hit on u..a eye for a eye nigga..survive da shotz or die nigga
sleep is callin me right now
Out here sweatin my balls off at my brothers college graduation in Columbia! OMG its fluckin blazin!
Day 2 of being #newtotwitter and I am still lost trying to find my friends but having no luck! There sould be a class for twitter in college
You are an awesome Aunt. Just make sure you sleep before the drive back.
Christmas shopping :)
If #Boehner and #Biden try to get any further away from one, another they'll fall out of their chairs.
Have a Good Evening! I love you!
I am just waiting for the excuses from the MSM when Obama gets his butt kicked in Nov.. Get ready for President Romney. "WHAT WHAT? WHAT?
Um I don't like my spotter in tumbling. I can do my back handspring alone I don't need you to throw me like that. Think I have a concussion.
Getting ready to head to Yolo's for lunch...their salads are my favorite.
Go !!!! Let's get another magical "W" for a sweep!
#Vancouver to #Maui on for under $400
That's Scott Wolven's "Controlled Burn."
and knowing their track record what ever decision they make will be a mistake. #redskins are the #NYMets of free agents
Watched "Anvil" last night. Nice guys finish last it seems, in this case. Always true?
Looks like a beautiful day out - must find a way to actually get outside today even for a few moments.
Well off to sleep
Why does granny have a musket<U+203D>
Feeling antisocial today. Sitting with my ipod on in the back of the classroom.
Dying Easter eggs!
You and I are both spamming for this meet and greet tomorrow lol :)
James you are an Uber Mensch
#WhenIWasALittleKid I Put My Face Close to the Fan to Hear My Robot Voice
Omg congrats on your engagement boo.... I guess I'll have to scratch Steven off my to do list ;) lol I wanna be a #bridesmaid :D
Disappointed, to say the least. Time to get some z's. Back in my zone as soon as the alarm sounds.
That was the last concert of the year aww
he beats his meat, not his chick!
At least neither of us is an action item
wow guys.
!go to www.aaron.tv
i have to admit the 9 films up for best picture is not all the great the academy should have picked a few more like last year
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Tweet tweet twitter...
>>>girls like you RT : Guys with kids <<<
uv 'a promise 2 keep 4 the both of u'? thts deep, thts selfless its beyond wht 'the average' might do-let alone see. Beautiful
Frivolous? I like it
I'm not questioning it. And I don't care enough. Its just funny that everyone has a different answer.
We will see how long till I cave. I'm fucked either way.
May seem like a nobrainer but I continue to see crap code created with the intent to "fix it later"
I'm not sure quite yet. UM has a program you can get hotel and tickets through. I'm finalizing deets and will let ya know...
-- wow - what a great group!!!!! You made my day! :-) keep on keepin on n running too
KARAOKE tonight at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd st. 10pm. $4.00 gets you a domestic beer and a shot!
I know when they said that I was like "uhmm NO! KROV had him first, get your facts straight" haha!
Late for the office, don't feel very well! Not sure why, feel queesy. But..."the show must go on" :)
As a former brunch server, I KNOW the damage a kid can do with a bowl of cereal. Good news? You only make that mistake once!
William Beckett's new solo record sounds like a natural progression from Almost Here and that makes me happy
Are you talkig to me? Cause al I hear is " blah blahh blahh!"
Great wine is found
Now doing my homework. Oh! What fun!
This is such a wonderful thing to say, Colette! Thank you so much for your kind words.
It is a catchy tune! Have fun.
A quiet relaxed day....just like yesterday...no complaints
No, I didn't. What did I miss?
duel off baby!! Give it some wrist!!
Location Scouting around downtown ABQ with a potential production.
One day you will learn
Only if it drives revenue, not cost some of the growing research and arts programs that they're developing.
... Yea, he seems legit. Def 1 of my favorite Rooks. Cant wait to see him in the Orange and Blue.
BTW: Sorry to hear the bad news. There's always a wet nose at our place if you need one. And Dusty too.
Susan Boyle - Wild Horses - 05:57 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
'God's openness and love is for all nations.', says Rev. Dr. Stan Jewell of St.
The Campo Viejo Reserva shows a nice balance of fruit and earth on the nose, with aromas of coffee, plums, blackberry and tobacco
If she cook for you, she a keeper!
"Know your brand" is so important, thanks entrepreneur panel
- bra you want that song you made widd marco she can get it too on a MIXTAPE ?
Bionic Six, we're all together we fight for right. A super feature family, and we're so very proud to be BIONIC SIX!
Tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube.
What time do nail salons open
Awesome! So exciting!
I have to much alcohol in my system.
I fell in love with him when we were together, then fell deeper in love with him in the months we were apart <3
so much.
is flat out something. Now quit being #bitchteam aka #moneyteam & fight Pac Man. How isn't pushing that is unreal.
the masses well the masses are conprised of billions of single human lives. When are we as a species going to start looking after our own.
Yep, sad to see the great Jeffrey DeMunn gone.
We hardly see anybody when we go out. But last night we tried 3 places (too long waits) and saw ppl we knew at each one.
sick dunk last night. Got everyone at my house out of our seats
Elizabeth Wilson, saying a prayer for Bill Inge over a scratchy cellphone connection.
Hi Jan, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Megan!! youre an inspiration i love you you are a great singer and also you are b-e-a-utiful
I'm watching it right now!! That's what you get for running around all day pimpin!!
if you put quotes around "twitter" or "tweet" I'm bound to think you're like 80 years old
Follow me! I'm going places..
No one gives a fuck
Lesbians love when I serve them lol. A little gay just running around serving drinks
#drag race #TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!
I'm NOT Gonna Play with him Today , He better come see me today.
Walked from our hotel for 1.5 mile, only to find that it was closed :( Should've known to call first.
Watching jersey shore!!! Pauly D!! (:
I gotta get out of this house
bridesmaids on hbo for the win!
Ughh My Mommy Just Took My Fone Im About 2 Tell My Daddy On Ha
Thanks for the follow, Jenny.
Some sessions people may present: Building Games in HTML5 / Hacking Education / Getting great press for your startup / The Growling Rainbow
Thank you !!! Emails in ten nine eight....
on the real dont worry bout things u cant change if its real it will all fall in to place
Fuck you that's all I have to say... Your fucking dead to me !!
What the hell is a pansexual?
I think it's ok as long as they show as avail. I usually just start with "hey, can you chat now, or are you busy?"
The problem is that this shouldn't be about $. If it is, it devalues the "cultural institution"of the Times + "Open Information"
Ready for Game 1 already seems like the Spurs have been off for a month.
Amen! RT : Good Morning To YOU!!! With CONFIDENCE YOU Are Unstoppable, Unbreakable Unshakeable!!!!!
- -We have a common goal.Giving special needs kids a voice & a better education. Please follow me to help bring awareness. THX
RT: This Sinus infection has got me like one of Dracula's whores.....going down for the Count!
5GBs of FS100 AVCHD transcoding to DNx175x in Avid Symphony. Sending to AE for grade via automatic duck.
#Browns have again showed very little commitment to running the football early... disappointing considering that is their only advantage
Great to chat with the ladies of and this week! Look for artsy getaway story in spring/summer Long Weekends mag.
Live streaming from the "Ram Roast" tonight at State. Little nervous they'll discover I'm there as an undercover Tar Heel!...
I Seriously Don't Give a Damn about the FCC Does Willow look like he give a damn!!?
Add final day of class as a grad student to that last tweet!
Yep. Dawn just doesnt seem to get it through her head that it'll change stuff with them.
I'm excited for the Woodstock stuff at Bethel. I've seen everything there is to see on the subject. Time to see the real thing.
The Lobos depth is killing the #Aztecs today. Would be a remarkable win. #SDSU is still a Sweet 16 team.
I get all nervous & filled with butterflies when I see in real life. he's like a celebrity & he knows my name!!
Start trending #showJesusliketebowandjgrace :)))
Jesus! Where WAS everyone for IND on that play? Thank God Barbosa bailed them out
you're beautiful and perfect and don't ever change ok?
Morning beautiful. Why you up so early?
You all know where is from right? He's in his hometown. Go !
Work is empty -__-
Just-in-time-model: Access more important than nearby inventory. Cloud-based technologies are the perfect resource.
RT #NYR just announced signing of Ruslan Fedotenko, who was in camp on tryout and led team with 7 pre-season points
you better stop it, Caleb!
yay for #HappinessTweet !! Yes, lovin it :) Holdin down the fort in sea town?
It's about actions & outcomes; actions & reactions - not just publishing messages on social media says at
Im pretty sure it was like just yesterday when we were sitting in laqs math class sophomore year :(
my bad man... im in a couple leagues where i get offered straight crap and its frustrating... didnt even realize your intention
I hope sleep finds me soon!!!!
Australian Women Writers: National Biography Awards 2012 Long List
haha. What ever you're into. Follow your path.
Some badass little girl kept flipping me off while I was on the train. I hate kids.
Shooting on a reality pilot for Fox next week. When did I become that guy?
try it then bro:D
If you are in Wicker Park, head down to for their $6 cocktail night!
I'm super nosy, so I hear EVERYTHING.
Neil & I had our 8 limbs seriously spanked at the Cov Sports Centre last night. Paul did a one and a half with a full twist. Rock 'n roll.
How about, "Internship application process needs to be revolutionized"?
They just think it's the cooking channel
who do I need to hurt!?
The sound of turbo powered Indycars at is music to my ears! :-) Let #INDYCAR racing season begin!
Good idea! Let us check with the boss
Sorry I couldnt be there For Harm but she is so cute & I cant wait to see yall when i come back how u been tho mommy!
If ur from MKE you know Horny Goat is all about volleyball! Sign up for the best league in town. www.hornygoatbeergear.com
"He said I wont give you more than you can take,and I might let you bend but I won't let u break!"(From song He said,by Group1crew(I think))
We will announce our latest winner at 10:30am Central time
“Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.” – Frederic Bastiat
I am such a procrastinator:\
And I'm falling for :)
Debating whether I should tweet re major library service provider who fails to answer my questions for 2 1/2 months. Feeling a bit helpless.
Thanks for letting us know. It's fixed.
Oh really ;)
Last night at #flashbacks w. #juicyent & was too fun !
is that because of the drink or the activity of relaxing at the end of a day?
HiDB! U guys don't even say what'sREALLYcool! My dad&husband got a tour downstairs.Made me want 2 climbEverest #himalayan salt
#Preptip: afraid your dance technique isn't good enough? Pour your HEART into it. Show your passion. Technique can be learned in
He's awful.
High speed LA-Chicago-NY would be cool.
Wing night! <3
"So, attractive one day - not attractive the next?"
Thx! MT : Was very happy 2 meet today and learn all about what is doing for this city. Inspiring stuff!
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
She's due May 25th. Could come out any day now!
I don't want Austin to move... even though he's gonna be 20 mins from me... I want him to STAY his ass where he belongs..
end of the month, let's celebrate my bday together one evening or something.
Foster home for imaginary friends
Tip #122: Those that prepare to win have a much greater chance than those that do not prepare. Our minds are powerful.
Sunday soccer mornings w/ Manchester United cant be beat
My nephew is the cutest baby in the whole wide world :3
will do!
Failed my driving test. But the lady said i did really well! What the heck?! Re-take tomorrow..
One man alone cannot bring legitimacy to the business. Give me a break. I wish they would stop saying that.
i know the heritage. Being indigenous to the Americas, for any group, is relative.
I couldn't come today but I have friends heading there now, a couple of first timers. Show 'em what you got! :)
what pairs well with ? bourbon.
today went from great, to horrendous with just one meeting. tonight's plan? large consumption of wine.
Trayvon Martin sucker punched the guy in the face and the guy had a licensed gun and shot in self defense..
I hate people who don't know basketball talk basketball because all I hear is a bunch of bs
What do you call a dog with no legs....???no Marta what u call it its still not gone come
and Philly calls us cheap? haha, right.
: no it home... But someone found it.... Hee” I'll bet that was an interesting conversation /)
Is anyone incorporating green chile into their holiday eating?
sure (: you'll be the main characters best friend (: lemme make a twitlonger form for you
AWESOME!!!! You guys deserve it.
RT : I'm trying to build a robust list of Twitter feeds focused on #nptech & efforts to create #tech4good. Suggestions?
On My Way To Calallen For This All-Star Game Practice
Omg yes!!!!! ITS ALL COMING TOGETHER!!!! :D I'm so excited to make our country! :D
of course. Thats out bread n butter
Just talked on the phone with my boo boo for an hour <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Our political system has failed to work for a long time.
The garage is Manly. You could make it your man cave.
Thanks for the follow. i look forward to a mutually entertaining "twittership."
- glad to hear #themusiccity is melting faces at
I love finding $20 on the ground!
Create pull, not push.
at church :) and just a random thought, ive never gone to a wedding :o
kay .. I'll ask my dad del Friday
Not at all. As serious as serious can be.
thnks for the follow! Help promote?
Jus getting waking up..Good Morning Ppl!
I was expecting this follow me Austin to trend lol
Happy Father's day!!
Im gay
Note to Today Show producers: 3 yr olds on live tv not a good idea.
Finished reading Bossypants in 4 hours, like scarfing down a delicious cake. I might need to reread it more slowly so I can enjoy each bite.
can I get a sexy pic of you babe.
Oh, I ran across a local mummified cat story recently, result of a query from a grad researcher. Of any interest to you?
Mo: I cant stand your team, but nothing but respect. Just awful. Hard to watch him talk ab it/if he'll come back. Shame
Got a smartphone? Like to save money? Download Qponomics today, It's free! We have coupons exclusive to our app. go to www.Qponomics.com
Made some beautiful music at practice today =] I have a craving for xbox now.
"BITCH BETTA HAVE MY HONEY"
Thanks for sharing our recipe :)
He can't pronounce years in the 21st century correctly. RT : I'm continually amazed by how fixated network executives are with...
Agreed! First one I wrote down as well.
You may ask me what I'm doing with my life tonight? Wasting it away watching garbage tv. But I'm addicted to the garbage. Stupid
Ugh you did this and i cant get enough
Thank you!!!!
Happy Birthday, Lovely One. Wishing you every good thing. xo
Need a dj
Great ideas! If you have contact info for Progression Places, please feel free to DM us.
I love it how my middle finger gets an erection always when you area around
Can you get Streets & San. to paint lines on the street sometime this year?
I have no idea about your tech skills but trust you'd kick some lazy butt to make things better. :-)
ill ship dora, i cant come. 2 involved these days. december sounds good. go to the oasis n get some #SUN. escape america's winters.
Funny Quote: Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce lottery numbers
with #itunes it could work only if your copies' licenses are turned off somehow. Interesting resell opp, if so.
You can't keep a secret for shit yo. Smh.
Beware the Ides of March...madness!
My back it stiff
id pretty much give the same just throw in a 3 with that 2 next year
#Merkel's destination before #Wulff resigned was fitting. Tenure of German presidents starting to take on Italianesque brevity.
Asik's about to get beat up.
Victory is not repetitious, but adapts its form endlessly. - Sun Tzu
and I are scheming Pinky & The Brain style right now
gawd, I know the feeling.
thanks for the follow-happy tuesday!
Here's your kiss --- MMUUAAHHH
We need 5 rock stars to serve a nice, warm dinner to men, women and families from 5-7:30pm. Pls call Dani (303-953-3953) if u can come!
Great - not sure when I'll be in beantown next - shall we start with a phone chat? Grateful for any time you can spare :)
I just got home from the Czech republic- of course I am.
I'm SO late just discovered #AwkwardBlackGirl last night...had a marathon...ready for the Finale!! Let's GO!!
tell Her I say HAPPY BIRTHDAY<U+E105><U+E32D>
I'd vote for sports, honestly, for the K-6 crowd. In part because my kids never get recess.
Fuck memphis. I used.to.respect.you
agree 100%..still think the Bulls win in 5 or 6 just pointing out that the 18-9 record was the regular season and a little bogus
here is a hug for you {{{{{{Brenda}}}}}} Have a great day
Open bookings in December for Florida and the east coast w/ flight shares. email for more information.
Up still watchin anoda movie cast away so far so gud dem other movies were gud too
Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet?
My comedic stylings were fated the day my dad yelled "I found the root of all evil!", and I found him holding a tree root aloft
When Jimmy, the guy in the wheel chair who rolls up and down centre street, asks u to marry him <<<
IM BORED
I'm not easily impressed! I cut ties real quick.
It definitely seems like most Imperial Admirals have a very short tenure.
We look forward to seeing you there!
smells like BBQ :))))
Jeez! I guess if one can handle the mart/app special, why not run yesterday's wine bottle special for the other, right?
I see Chris Rainey,like Darren Sprolls,if we use him smartly as we will
Team Wisconsin Select Crane-Schiell brought home the 11th grade state title this weekend!
Watching fame w/ goodnight
": #Aries have great smiles."
Text marketing & text msg client reminders can be a great way to build business and remind pet owners about important visits!
Lauren answer your phone please!
<Ivy Blue? I don't even know what that means...no one know's what it means, but its provocative..it gets the people going>
#SYRIA KILLER HOLOCAUST TRUCKS W/ BODY BLOOD BODY SET FIRE COVER UP BY GOV.ALL DEAD ALL KILLED
"I'm either out for the night or I'm in for the night." - The wise words of a girl in Murray Hill.
I envy those with Jersey accents!
Better security RT : Ok - this is a #FAIL : American Airlines to stop offering free blankets on domestic flights
And when i wanna talk- you say to me- that if it's meant to be- it will be <3 ily big dylan :] thanks for cheering me up today. (:
Almost time for #TeamAlton and my fav chef on !
prepping the handouts - yes, paper handouts - for our 2nd annual K-12 web 2.0 teaching academy.
only 2 classes today then the weekend
what up man, good to hear you guys are up in NYC
That awkward moment when the flight attendants tell a passenger they will be met at the gate by authorities if they don't comply.
Wow, yer following me?! Aw, shucks. What a nice surprise ...
re: budget news - holy wow!
with certain people. funny how there's an actual moment it goes from being impressed to not even being amused
Best feeling ever knowing who our true friends are..
Biz owners! How do you feel about using ? wants to know!
Curious. Do you use foot- or endnotes?
I want to use current events & Google Earth more in AP GOV next year.
The summer evening had begun to fold the world in its mysterious embrace.
Best of luck on Rock Of ages . Cant wait to see you in your part . Congrats man .
Congrats to our $50 Dibbs card winner, Kate Moore, please message your email to us and we'll send over the details.
it looks tight lbvs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I can't believe I'm about to meet Charlie campbell. Omg
• Oh I'm in there. Going to be another #epic night. You know how we do.
oh you know, just sitting right behind the esteemed organizer... "deedle-ing!"
On set to rehearse "Firewater". No makeup. Hair a mess. Muddy. Fun. :)
*at the end
Civitan club celebrating clergy week at meeting today. Retell story of the 4 chaplains.
I still wonder why things happened the way they did.
The sacrifices we make for our families....
orange juice slushies = my new obsession :)
haha. Oh girll... I do not do chores. Jkay. I have to do them too unless I whine to my daddy #suchaprincess I know
Hey, shit-brown, change your picture. :) Love you.
Woo, good thing I checked that paper order - wrong envelopes were sent!
Heading into the snow for the first meeting of the scotch, cigars and sci-fi bookclub
My body is so freakin sore I need a massage!!!!
Nialls solo in One Thing literally makes me scream. I had to cover my mouth while watching the video.
yup later today
I think he suspects the true power of the juvenile feline.
nope. I guarantee he lives across the street
Anyone else have constant problems with Affiliate program? I've driven thousands of $s in sales and they're not giving me a penny =(
ok so I hate school. like a lot.
obessed with victoria justice its just became offcial
alright :) thanks xoxo
Some days the supply of available curse words is insufficient to meet my demands.
I am pretty sure you won at least one, two of you didn't accidentally resign that one.
Congratulations :) May you and Beau be as happy in your marriage as I am in mine. All the best!
#HereWeGoAgain Super Bowl Weekend the rematch everybody been waiting for. #ImHyped to see who wins this year!
I think foie gras is pretty evil, but I think eating meat us evil. if you can't watch any animal be slaughtered, you shouldn't eat meat.
Making sells and getting smoked out
I don't care either, just wanted to state my opinion for inquiring minds. You know...cause everyone is dying to hear what I think.
She never did. Host: "I think I've been blown off. How do I know? I just looked up and I see her on Fox."
And the only reason I'm watching this game tho...
RT if you want more followers? #megansupdates on youtube has good videos ! xx lol xx
Life is just too precious as far as the captain of Titanic is concerned, including those of us believing Human-centered development
Really? Never tried it but sounds like I should.
At the arraignment of my stalker..
“Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.”
Jim Bellino could make any vagina dry.
If you could be in any band, which one would you choose?
#CNN Hero #Derek Kayonga gets my vote for Hero of the Year. Soap means hope!
Aw thanks Woody!
Our latest and greatest deal coming this weekend, don't miss out! www.halfcosthome.com open house 1-4 Sat and Sun, 50% off market value!
great Jamie!!!
Rip Donna Summer
We certainly look forward to having you out for a great time!!
I thought it would be on MLB package, but its not. Oh well. (M's -1.5)
Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you.
I Need 50 People Nd A Vegetarian., Before Friday. Helpss.?
I was joking
“True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts.” -Mia Hamm
Would you get kicked off twitter if you tweeted a pic of your balls?
alyssa lies to the classroom.
Science, Social Studies, and Arabic>?
Lol.. And I don't want to go to school tmrw.
lucky i want to be happy
Midtown's Clean & Green teams are starting their workdays at 6am this week and will finish by 2:30pm to avoid the hottest hours of the day.
Done w/Seattle for the day. Headed to my FIL's adopted daughter's house for dinner
Playing some #wii with scott! :)
And my absolute favorite... South Milwaukee (the city) vs South Milwaukee (City of Milwaukee's south side) Gotta love Wisconsin...
No way! Are you actually down here for the summer?
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind
Don't talk to me about recycling I've been Green since I was born
mystery man ...
Whatever you say.... :)
I think it was because I had coffee this morning an just laughed at everything
sitting w 3 pledges at
Feel n gud now!!
ATTN! We're playing a last minute FREE mini gig tonight at The Gatsby!! This will be a sneak peak of our come back show there on Nov 28th!!
This one is for you...
i'm not understanding why this dude is not answering his phone !
“Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.”
"For there is only #misfortune is not being loved; there is misery in not #loving." ~ Albert
how was Vegas man?
Thank you for the #FF love!
COFFEE!!COFFEE!!COFFEE!! :O
that was such a great show! Glad I got to see it. Inspiring. You're a true metal fab icon bro!
so sad.
I believe the one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk. ~ Oprah Winfrey
#nowplaying Nirvana - "All Apologies."
Playing fantasy sports is nawesome bra!!
RT We won nationals! <-- im actually shocked haha
Working again today. Yuck. At least I'm still kicking. Spending weekend with honey, so I won't be on much.
Seriously _____ get out of my head.
#MyNextRelationship is gonna be free of trust issues.
You know it.
Life would be impossible without my mom.
The fool sits on his ass all day and then asks, "Where did the day go?"
Just ate at the Rain Forest Cafe at South Coast Plaza. Now shopping for my brother's Birthday at Beachworks;)
we could be the finish line band for if the schedule works out, you could run 13.1 miles to hear our version of Norwegian Wood
We are open 8-12 and 3-6 Monday 3/26 and Tuesday MORNING (not afternoon) 3/27 from 8- 12. We will be closed the rest of the week so stop in!
im watching the Smallville season finalle that i dvr'd last night its time for sup to fight doomsday cant wait
RIP Perry
this guy is awesome
What's a nice way to describe someone not so smart?
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow We would be a). wrestling b). Watching the Office or c). You would be rubbing my feets =]
Hello! It was a nice surprise coming across your name & handle today. Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Longer the tweet, more enjoyment users found. Young women more likely to find the ad messages enjoyable.
... and by sad, I mean devastated. I could cry about it.
Excited for qual tomorrow!
The Spurs play championship basketball
What was the inspiration for the Diebold ATM /pipe organ mashup?
K, I'll give you that, but HFG can hot wire a cart to make it go really fast! And he can make an extra arm if he needs it!
I'm glad I could help.
Wisdom<U+FFFD>Ask and it will be given, seek and you will find<U+FFFD> Matthew 7:7
Listening to 11:11 by ! I have no idea how many times i have listened to it! Best song ever<3
You might be a new parent of you suddenly start noticing commercials for kid movies. And think..that looks like a good movie. Ex. Snow White
Especially Spring things RT Don't forget to notice things
does watching of this make you blush? Zoinks.
I feel your rendering pain! RT : is waiting two hours for the render of a 14 minute hd video :(
'who wants too take me home?' 'nose goes' <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Watchin music videos.
TV stories should be stories for the eyes. It’s called “television,” but many of the stories people pitch are more “tell” than “vision.”
You aren't someone until you're steadily talked about!
Ridiculously fun night. Have it on a Friday next year?
At the "Best in Class" Social Media session.
Goodnight everyone :) need to get some sleep for my b'day trip tomorrow. Thanks for all the b'day wishes! <3
heard about - I prefer credit unions b/c they are nonprofits or co-ops, which = better for communities they serve.
Schools out for the summer!
Can we jus fck like its da first time no hesitation
I'm having the same problem. Lots of alerts but nothing showing up in interactions
The most important change for #Mifflin2012 is that you CANNOT go in the backyards of the houses on Mifflin without the resident's permission
Bring it on Irene.
hell yeah tryna sell these cars
bring me squirrel and moose!!!
in all seriousness, congratulations on ISO 16363:2012. Excellent job.
When we hear one of the ICONicBoyz names, We Freak.
when they say good things come to those who wait.. how long you suppose to wait lol
I guess I'm not sleeping tonight! Movies than off to black Friday shopping :)
they've come to take you away. you need to run. fast. or they'll get you alyssa. RUN!!!
Anyone can make you smile, many people can make you cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
Dude said o damn that's the liptak brothers haha u know what it is
you watching the #Bulls and #Sixers?
God dammit, Mikey's installing more poles around the house.
be haaapppppyyy :) sweet dreams!
THURSDAY NIGHT PEEPS SO YOU KNOW THE DEAL---TIME TO GET CRUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! WE PARTY HARD!!!
So, Diablo 3 is very boring. I can see why people working on it have been down playing it lately.
Looking forward to making new connections and having fun at Networking Night!
love love Blood for Poppies by that was just playing on #whoop cant wait for album download too!
Not cookbook, but we published our two food allergy pocket guides to Kindle. Did you have specific questions?
Feeling good even though I'm not working as hard as I should be. Love for this...
W.O.W. is for WOMEN all new Ladies Promtions FREE ALL Night on Wednesdays
I can't say it any better my guy. How is that Chicago life treating ya?
it's hard to say until right up to the draft. The Giants keep making moves which effects the draft
I've never had an action go un-recognised ;)
Coffee tasting with
yea your mad baby
which ones are you into?
Free drinks on me downtown...if you can find me. Haha.
Right now would be the perfect time for me to get kidnapped because I can't scream for help, lol.
The new world standard in DJ, club, band,
ROTFLMAO.... Yeah BITCHES!!!! (you shoulda threw THAT on the end of it?!?!?!)
it'll be worse when his agent calls tonight asking the same question!
and also Torment second installation of Fallen. You guys better buy one too it's a nice book :)
YES! Always available for q & a until then!
uh oh
What happened to Angel? :'(
yo! check ur DMs for my # and lemme know when u would like to link, my good sir.
Open: The Artist w/RIT Professor Skip Battalia's short-Car Crash Opera, Cont:Sophomore, Iron Lady,Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,Descendants
“: Gorilla Glass 2 is shown at #CES (= thinner, stronger iPhone coming up)” -- sounds promising :)
Either or! I can be both their Godmother! ;D
“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happ…
just awesome. We watched both nights!
- lol where you go ?
Crickets, all day.
Not even close ;D lol jk
union square #ACTA new york city whatever I am here and music is everywhere! do it! every day every day every day
Today's my lucky friday
studying Textplus. Though I am not a heavy text-er, it still seem fun to study such a group-texting app!
seriously! Thank God for people who make life more entertaining.
Basketball time
It's CES week. Don't forget to temporarily unsubscribe from your favorite tech blog!
lets go long beach!
Right on, girl. Hope to see you this summer!
?If u ain<U+FFFD>t getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
almost done with this paper
Happy Law Day to my legal peeps!
It just feels like we really lost an hour in the day this weekend. Why is it already 3pm?
It's just nice when people believe UGs CAPABLE of nuanced thinking. Failing at it is how you learn to do it.
Your turn
Yes please!!! We'll need some shipped to San Francisco ASAP
Nate Silver will now start his talk at 5:30 Please spread the word. Thanks!
That's great! Both AMAZING DYNAMIC ladies!
Taking chances
so what metrics from this deal are actually relevant?
lmao, be right there <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#efossils RT Sat in car in rain enjoying the sound.
lol, how many you been to?
great demo today!
tomorrow beer fest in fells???
lol I kno he's not Mexican! I meant like I like British boys and ray is my one acception lol
especially since our biggest need (other than scoring SG) was a PF.
Jus finished sewing my daughter's dance outfit4her Officer Tryout dis week.Jus 1 final touch lft 2mrw&she is good 2 go In ISY Dance Wear
Thank you for the newsletter inclusion!!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry.
Awesome post. I loved the Marilyn Monroe painting.
So am I..Oh well!
people do too much and take twitter too serious
Congratulations to Scott Hayes of Bothell! Scott won a new I-Pad II from our Boat Show drawing.
When complimenting a girl's looks: 1. stunning 2. gorgeous 3. beautiful 4. pretty 5. sexy 6. amazing 7. I'd cut off my ballsack to be with u
Me and my mom always argue over the stupidest shit.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, but me, myself, and I quiver at the thought of you.!<3
just finished doing an interview with local radio station 107.7 FM promoting "Elite Eighth" It will air on May 13.
say what??
Holiday Safety: Purchase lights and electrical decorations stamped with the name or symbol of an independent testing lab – for example, UL
The name of the game is network!
Antsy to register for classes this Fall! I want to go out and buy pencils and folders and things that smell like school.
When she's feeling insecure, stare into her eyes and tell her there is no-one in the world who could be as right for you as she is.
I'm channeling you for my night out in San Francisco.
Stop in and meet our new bartender Anna, she started off her first shift playing Timber Timber. She's going to fit in just fine.
daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!
All his points came at the line
no but really all you UK fans need to calm your titties because American fans didnt do anything. we all love them, some of us more than you.
Im happy for u boo! RT : Love is such a beautiful thing!!! I'm on a high right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+263A>
Mar 01,2012: Disney on Ice Presents Treasure Trove March 1-4 Save $$ with discounted tickets!!: 7:00pm: US Cellular ...
Cant sleep T_T
you'll do great! I admire everyone who's applied for this position, it'll be a challenge, but hopefully exciting and rewarding too!
sometimes its hard to put on a smile when you feel like breaking down on the inside
Thanks to for a very informative Google Analytics seminar this morning!
Eager to learn more! RT : I've resigned as editor-in-chief of HCI. But I Iove HIT too much to leave it. Stay tuned!
Another great day of skiing at It started snowing as we were leaving. It should awesome day tomorrow, I wish I could go.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
riding for my niggas nd that's for life
A person’s coming to Christ is like a chain with many links. Is your link going to strengthen the chain or weaken it.
Looking forward to a great vertical alignment mtg w 5-12 teachers in our feeder pattern. Grade reform the topic dujour!
"I love this country. Because they took in the Jews, the Irish, the Italians, and everyone else." Happy St Paddy's from #LOSTINYONKERS!
good luck!:)
Guessed wrong, pulled the plug on tonight's tweetup 's Miraval (worried about rush hour rain). Realtors, watch for a reschedule!
"A Girl Will Fight Another Girl Who Took Her Man " A Woman Will Sit Back & Let Karma Handle Her Dirty Work "
Amazon, seems to be supporting a bait and switch scheme with their 3rd party sellers? Is this true? I am upset.
is it bad I could eat wendys everyday? lol
Heads up to kickballers & friends as if 10:07am Causeway still closed- diverted traffic is clogging West Sac & Davis streets, CA113 and I-5
Will the #Yankees make it? Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2011 Earnings of 57¢ Per Share and Declares Dividend of 14
#Top10Lies Trending: I'm not sleeping! I'm resting my eyes.. ;) haha!
“: The next two weeks of school are irrelevant” amen.
#museweb Still it's a strategic issue. No matter the size, collab. and content gen could be an organizational value or not
ya sure!
Last day of baseball season y'day, 10 inches of snow today. For everything there is a season.
Brutal depictions prepare the beautiful image/ the perfect rule of the Prince and the world subdued and made innocent
“: #ArentYouTiredOf The Word "YOLO" and "SWAG" ?” heck yeah!
Thanks for the follow! DFTO has a show in NYC on November 11th at the Triad Theater, we'd love to be included on your site!!
Spartan Guard Skills Workout
The new VW spot was just the cutest!
Sometimes you have to close ur eyes in order to see things more clearly!
Wishing all the Dad's out there in twitterland a Happy Father's Day weekend!!! I am blessed to have an amazing Dad who I love bunches!! <3
Identification & grouping of #NSTIC stakeholders seems like a good exercise using precedent of Smart Grid Interoperability Panel
ME TO! im getting pretty pumped for it!!!
How many fucking sandwiches does this girl have.. Wtf can even breath
"You need to get up get out and get something, Don't let the days of your life pass by" -OutKast.....words to live be tweeples! :-)
Coors testing iced-tea flavored beer on poor Canadians first, before bringing to U.S.
it's about to mad storm.. who wants to bring me coffee and cuddle? #heyitcouldhappen <3
I've noticed how I don't like most people at my school. I feel unsocial.
Not a question but me and my dog Alex both have BONER shirts :) haha
Two hours left to sample some delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew with at Westgate! Come say hi!
New 16g nano! Eff yeah! I have to say I hate california's 9.75% sales tax though
Visiting family is always great.
I'm loving it RT : All this rain action
Teacher lets me out an hour early to get ready for the Tyga concert. Ill bring a bag of apples on tuesday
If anyone has any #knowledge or #experience with #Trigeminal Neuralgia, please let me know!
hii!! how are u?
yeah got a fam and live in a small town in the middle of tx. I can be selfish to pursued dream. And risk not carin 4 them
Hii (= CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!
Police only reporting that they have madr a few arrests right now...most because of intoxicants on public property
Do you even know who that is? Of course you don't.
yes you should.. You gave very good running commentary!!
Alexander! I love you so much! I don't know if you remember but I went to Westfield Broward and I touched your hand <3 RT?
This is the exact message I texted Adam this morning "answer your phone homo <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>" I added the gun for a scare tactic. ;)
so boss, where do you want to eat? maxies? somewhere in the quon? somewhere near home? think about it!
Happy Chocolate chip cookie day!!!
I HATE THE MEDIA HOW THEY SUGARCOAT
Hosting Heroes Night tonight 8:30pm Police, Fire Dept, Teachers, Nurses show ID in FREE! Others only $5
omg what if justin had patties eyes. c:
Emily thinks ufda stout?
Uh when my inbox has more than 50 emails in it, I just avoid going in there...
..."I've got a new girl, now... and she's a lot like you!" Officially in my 'happy place"; thank you... ;)
It's a Pink Floyd kind of day I think..
Someone just barked at me......
you should follow me cuz YOLO... or cuz i love the ICONic Boyz too<3 yes? no.. okay.
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love. ~ Diego Marchi
Applied for some more jobs today...
MERRY CHRISTMAS :))))) hope you get lots of presents :)
Go chicago!!!! :) whatching hockey! :D
Time to drop out and become a
will unfollow. Cheers.
pickles and frog legs look awesome.
Improving educational opportunities for children across America & Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium
Game 1 of 10 has been booked!
The Director doesn't like confrontation. now you know why we're so excited the A.D is leaving.
Carl DeMaio has completely locked up the developer vote with BIA, AGC and ABC endorsements. Where does that leave the citizens?
My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.
That's a crap deal. You can get 12-month xbox live cards on-sale for $40 frequently.
-Off Too Bed I Go Night Night TweetHeartz..! ;-)
I absolutely love your site's content, which makes me all the more frustrated that I find the design so counterintuitive
four letter word
Those overly competitive kids in gym.
Scott smells
lmao yes, obv i remember lmao. it was fun, and we are crazy;P haha
I want a girl that's real like T.I WIFE STR8 #100 I don't need her to look like her doe lmao
Wow, RedBull just swooped in and gave out drinks. Guess they know their market!
Article sums it up, I guess. RT : not yet (not in a place where I can add audio)
My fb acting real stupid.
Late getting back to you, but happy to be part of the conversation last night. A pleasure.
Haha - we both know how that would actually turn out!
The Hypocrisy of the media knows no bounds, they are acting sincere while covering the death of a man they are responsible for killing
: Still looking for hungry directors (in miami). If you shoot (5d, 7d or red cam) hit me asap!
Hard nipples >
We are now taking appointments for SPRING! Yay!!! Give us a call at the store to make an appointment!
I'll agree with that!
Of course. An obvious foul on a St. Louis 3 pt. attempt not called. Everything is going Sparty's way.
thought it was amazing ...
RT if u think the Hawks r going to make it to the Cup this year!
Guerilla=Social...not obvious if done well. Lack of estab social sponsor platforms hurt properties
- My sentiments exactly.
If The Rock, I will be very disappointed, and in tears.
This time, baby, I'll be bulletproof.
well, I'm glad it's not just me at least.
Sounds good!
Why only 2 years for #CyKershaw? Lock him up
Ladies and gentlemen this is why I love my friends
I just saw a car with pink rims.
Happy BirthDay
We have a fairly under utilized special every Monday night that gets you any 14" 2-topping pizza for $11. Pick up or delivery.
": stay strong. Praying for ya all. Lean on God!!" Thank u air I will
That's what I got yesterday. Thanks for the tip! Change your email password as well.
Thanks! Glad ya'll had a good time!
Can France keep Carla Bruni-Sarkozy as its first lady?
sounds like you have a single tuner DVR, you'll need a dual tuner to record one channel and watch another.
Me an mommy had a good conversation! I found out she told all her friends. Lol
Very good statement Dr. Chand. Can't wait for you to come back to newbirth!
That's great, my iPhone won't receive or send texts anymore but I can tweet. It's restarted on me six times I've tried to send a text :/ wtf
please don't ever lose that feeling! <U+E328><U+E056>
For those of you following at home, no cancer for me. Many tests for viruses to follow, though. At this point I think I could be on House.
& all the TX crew!! Peligrosa Miami....no cover right now! Get in here!
Haha. If it returns half as fast as you do...yes!
very hard for Harris after first shot nailed guy on head. It's disturbing. Shows he has feelings
RT : Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 09/16/2009 at 07:00 PM @ M Lounge in Chicago, IL
are you seeing tonight or tomorrow night? (:
The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about.
What would my mother think if she saw me now?
thanks for following us! Your support means so much! Stay in contact, guys! :) - Jared, Project 143
Waiting to leave to my sisters house :3 hopefully my dad lets me drive! C:
Chicago producers, directors, & editors should really start treating their craft like a job and stop allowing themselves to get hustled.
as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS TOO!!
you should inbox me your thoughts on that. I would love to hear them...
Il n'y a pas de quoi!
No worries, && sure as hell no regrets.
Thank you for the Follow Friday recommendation, Elizabeth!
David Letterman is killing Weiner . . . LOL
Long for OldSchool Prices? So do we? So our prices are Throwback startin with $75 #weave ! We do it all
stay strong <3
Just announced! Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of will open for on 8/30 at
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds. Cool.
Hey girl, wearing one sombrero on the bus doesn't make you look cool. Wearing three? That's plain silly!
Insecure females can't stand to c u looking good and doing good....
I would rather serve than be served
pretty, pretty, pretty good.
its absoutly amazing!
Nice have a fun day
WHEN MY TEACHER SCREAMS AT ME, I DONT SCREAM AT THEM BACK I NICELY SAY YOUR NOT MY MOTHER... LMFAO.
what are your plans??
you put "London" instead of Landon. You put an O after the L instead of an A
Trying to help end workplace abuse, so lets #FW, #FT, and
It'll cost you two grill cheese's.
Alan Derwin is currently ranked #12 Most Popular Emerging Artist on ArtSlant, the #1 Worldwide Contemporary Art Site.
DJs AT TONIGHT: Peroxide of , , , Jay Hedblade, of & more: 12" ITCH!
I love freestyle friday
Speaker Silver says Republicans objecting to setting up health exchanges. that is one of the issues holding up agreement on the budget.
Put my bracket together in < 5 mins... past experience has taught me that time spent choosing has no impact on the outcome
so good! The perfect combo of salt & sweet!
The #warondrugs is really a war on black and brown people.
The Staff and volunteers from are so excited for our trip to Buenos Aires! See you Friday!
Merry xmas Kelly to you and your family from Uncle Jim!
Blah Blah Blah
wow, those recipes look tasty!
Whens spring break coming to san diego for girls gone wild
thanks a lot!
Watching kung fu panda for the millionth time with my son who should be asleep.
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting. -Dick Vermeil
Total letdown
The Blue Review on WNDE is a great show. Glad I was able to make it up to the last show. Super job Jake and Derek.
Wish by Joseph Monninger
...You're cool. RT : EPIC FUMBLE by Bilbo Baggins! It's a mad scramble! WAIT. Smeagol grabs the pigskin! "My precious!"
Whos that? RT : small world, met one of your boys the other day
I'm not sure giving up chocolate could make anyone happier
RT ": Spotted: Van Halen at The Wonderland Ballroom in Washington, D.C.!"
youre such a sweetheart Goldi! Bless you!
shoutout » - Baeza fan, beautiful &' a MUST follow !
Hey, it's day! Drop in tonight, check in, and get the "Foursquare" cocktail for just $5!
when y'all coming back round my way my dude
Just speaking the truth lol
Are there any AUDITIONS going on in Oregon Or Washington For a actress... Plays, Commercials, Shows, Short Films, Movies???? Serious.
What is this Fanatic hat you speak of?
Failure is a part of the process. I learned so much tonight. Thank YOU.
I understand.It's taken half a lifetime 2 come 2 this point. Being happy is so much more important than the trivial things...
the will make an appearance at at for their #halfwaytostpatricksday promotional game!
Are we sure that Mitch Daniels isn't an android? I totally got a Data vibe from him.
In the mood for steak tonight, yumm! :)
AP- A loud explosion has been heard in the town where Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan
RT Morning foodies TGIF what r we looking forward 2 sipping @ the end of the day?/ hard choice, but Boyd & Blair vodka will b key
I wanna get this money like its never been gotten. Ive gotta get this times ten times one thousand times one hundred
Ahahhahahaha! *Dead* I admit I am surprised he wasn't wearing one. That look was so busted he should've just gone all the way!
Nice one!
You've got to be shitting me
There's just somethin' about having a new guitar..
The tweet longer website?
The cast of #Parenthood should have been up on that GG or SAG stage. Ensemble/schmensemble, hugely better than MF.
that's a for sure, a definite!
i dont even care ... i really don't ... go blow yourself up
I will have to pay a visit to Lehigh as a show of respect during my upcoming Northeast trip.
Seeing Moonrise Kingdom in #Cannes My Wes Anderson scorecard: Bottle Rocket B, Rushmore A, Royal Tenebaums B+, Life Aquatic C+, Darjeeling C
This has been a bad day. I wish I had just stayed in bed. I'm glad it's over with. Tomorrow has to be better.
Thanks. Me too. Just an experiment.
I'll be there Pam with my funny on.
Well.. because you were runner up & because I own the place I say you R a winner also. send me yur shirt size and address.
Its nice to meet all of my new followers! don't be a stranger Im super nice lol been mega busy. JUSTICE FOR MJ!!! God Bless you all <3 <3 <3
Love that you & Margot went all out on the "fun". Looks like people enjoyed themselves, except maybe poor Sean Taylor :)
Going to Mag tonight ... no comments about whether drunk, inappropriate comments will return
yeah babes . As soon as I get home I'll call you . Whatever it is stay <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Screw this morning and uh screw you too
What a bomb, Tulo! #Rockies up 5-3 going into the 9th.
RT : Great being with campus tonight. Great group of Champions. //
ATL and ova ORL should get a look, Magic will be hungry after giving it away in the 2nd half the other night
Exactly why the Fed pushed deregulation through in 1980 and 1999 with Clinton.
The more education i gain the more religion i loose. that's just me tho.
It's hard to figure out who's loyal and who isnt ... It's better to keep distant til you prove me different .
Lean hounds is possibly playing. Have a pau wau cd collection atx tunes
I do understand I've been paying attention 2gihadists wanting 2harm my Nation from outside and #teahadists doing it within
I need a slushie or a milkshake.
Yes, definitely! As a teacher, I'm sad when I hear colleagues complain about "difficult" gifted kids
both glee project winners singing what makes you beautiful... feeling nostalgic
How many people actually read the bible front to back
white guys in air max... weaks my knees
“: it's was like a 5 car accident..each practically totaled and at different ends of 120th.”
. , I can't remember if you applied to but they said they will be making their final decisions in early January!
Smoke a pipe for Pi Day!
Final update is up in the "notes" section! Please read. <3
We need 90 more followers to reach 3,000!
sure, followed (:
Why are we here
My Mom told me to follow my dreams, I took a nice long nap .
Love the energy! ": God Moooorrrrnnnning friends! Have a stress free, productive, and positive day!"
Dont forget, Benn Grym Schulz performs tomorrow at The Rex Theater. Hit up his page for tickets.
;0 don't do that
Dearest #NewYorkCity, it's so grand to see you once again.
next year
If only I played the saints. Roddy White you are dead to me and thus your points don't count. suck it
Most of the problems in this world won't be resolved because of self pride
no i wanted to see if it would work by u telling her to come
Spring Hill today! We're deffinaty going to
Just reminiscing on the days when #MaryKateAndAshley used to solve mysteries, ABC Family needs to #ComeOutToPlay and re-air that pronto
South East MSP just north of the airport
city is great man too much fun at times but nothin to complain about. How's life in pa?
just got a moped for the summer, gona call her Isabel
The weekends come and go too fast these days!
bought a four pack nd one person bailed
I got mine from Old Navy. Very cute! You must check it out! Hey! Want to join my package exchange? ;)
At the game in Indy. Great stadium. With Wesley Spencer, and the ladies. Awesome.
geez im not handling this mca news well.
An efficient #transit system could give you the option to get out of your car.
right herr!!!! =D haha i go MIA on twitter...
What win streak? They lost Saturday night to Indiana.
Do you know if will be signing HB 1013 tomorrow around 6:30 PM?
What a marathon, but worth every second.
Got 2 editorial teams working on InCopy on two books going to printer today. I feel like the slave galley drummer in Ben Hur. Ramming speed!
It's called self esteem...meaning the esteem of yaself...how can a niqqa messed dat up... ~Katt Williams
The price is wrong, bitch!
#WeWontWorkOut if you dont like taking things slow
last night I don't even remember passing out >.<
Biked 4 miles and then had to walk 2 miles to work due to a flat. Famazing.
we passed! The one person who complained never showed up. We love our community!
Solid work this week by the team to get the Parent Child Interactive site out to you all! I am thinking about another week or so!
eat me
thx, I work with ! Just moved to SF from San Antonio :)
Just to be clear, saving searches is a useless and inconvenient feature. Seems like you could allow both.
For any disgruntled 49ers fans out there, would love to hear from ya.
Happy birthday Peter!! How are you celebrating this fine day??
#AmericanIdol in Pittsburgh :))
HOLY CRAP! I wonder what happened???
just found out i am officially going to see at their Dallas show next week I am so excited!!
hey Lexi can you follow me at my new account thanks
Why do i do things without thinking..... I feel stupid....
Y'all put this on yourselves...all y'all had to do was listen to me smh, now y'all mad, scared to say 2 words to me, stuck talking about me.
First day at X.Commerce conference went absolutely amazing. The best conference I have ever attend to. Xcommerce Fabric is so intense..
Wishing I was back in highschool! Missing those days mann
Well, this is just killing me.
You are all that God needs to begin a movement.
Just knowing isn't enough. You need to understand
thanks. We've had mild winters before but this one is the weirdest I've ever seen.
What does school stands for S.C.H.O.O.L=seven crappy hours of our lives What does class stands for C.L.A.S.S=come late and start sleeping
awesome! I want one!
i know you would..but you cant touch girls ... but if i ever need you to beat up a guy i have you on speed dial!
lol I like the red better :p
BOOZE IS MY WEED.
Let's go!! #Adele That's two for two!
love you too my big sticks <U+2764>
SO IMPRESSED!
We in there tonight!!! MHMusic Takeova!!
Had a great meeting today with the folks over at Exciting things in social media happening over there!
Nice ! RT : The world famous is on....Let's do this!
Pizza truck is dropping at Spear and Mission tomorrow. 11:30-2pm
My God I thank you in advance ....Have a blessed Sunday !!
Super fun class with my #webdesign students tonight Sharp group with some great ideas.
I do want the unicorner (hey , can we make this happen?), but I also vote for something more therapeutic.
#Imagine You: What if you ever leave me? Austin: I won't because I love you, you're my life <3
been sick, drained from pregnancy. not sure I will be a very good cleaning partner tonight.
your puppy is so cute!!!
thanks. When its set up I'll post some pics!
next time i wont be wuss out and i'll ask for a picture.. gl at the tables!
My Geography class..my math class and my business class are the only classes i like..and somehow i have a bad grade in geography....
I agree w/ both of u. 0 4 LEA's re: literacy. Not clear on status of "class size reduce" $.
Those cookies are effing delicious, by the way.
RT : RT : Other than that we PARTYING HARD w/ and <<<<
We're having 45 mph wind gusts? I knew it was windy, but that's almost half a hurricane!
FREE DRINKS for all Patriots players from 3am Sunday morning til 5pm Sunday night.
Do the #Marlins have the pieces to make a Gio trade happen? System is very shallow.
Can skinny people celebrate Fat Tuesday?
RT Wired Design site headlines are like magnet poetry designed by the deranged child of Marshall McLuhan and Zooey Deschanel.
I figure you might as well revoke your Southern citizenship if you can't dress stylishly for an outdoor party.
Good Night!!!!
Greetings on the Feast of St. Bucolos!
oof RT Oh dear. W/review book today: a package of M&Ms, specially printed. "Review me!" they say. I feel guilty as I crunch.
from boyfriend love to buddy love <3
Want HBO Go on Your Xbox? Better Check With Your Cable Provider
Weekends are so short . . . Only time a kid gets rest or has the most fun -,-
Check out FULL MORTALITY by - Kindle Book of The Day bit.ly/SASSCER . Cool cover!
attended the IUPUI PR in Healthcare conference today...it was really good, I recommend it for next year if anyone is interested
I L-O-V-E the fringe...def. on my summer wish list:)
i see you're moving right along!! Stay SAFE!!!
I never do this! Sitting outside at my city hall's fountain enjoying the sun and a Jamba Juice. Ah...
Sad We still out here partying for lyric Bday nobody wanna go home
I'm so happy for you, keep it up and I'm gonna try and follow in your footsteps :)
i refused to watch Godzilla because they didn't use Blue Oyster Cult's tune by the same name...also, because trailer sucked
why would Rod Smith mess around with the State Senate when he can easily run for AG or Governor. Makes no sense.
awww, we were totally ready to gossip with you! RT : lol! It wasn't such a mystery! ;(
What movie do you geek out about, that may not necessarily be the stereotypical #geek movie?
Why is this so hard?
every club has a winner! Everyone that posts a video will be put into a raffle bowl, and we will film the winner at each club!
Not yet. Bit of a delay. Soon as I'm able.
That is a joke, right? Denard is 10 times The player Logan is.
totally awesome.
no word yet, but I sure hope so! Perhaps you could ask/req to cmt? :))))))) xo
You're them? That's you? It's awesome--thanks for making it!
I became an instant fan of "Everest" After hearing "Let go" in that Corona commercial.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks, I just hope my mom takes me lol shes been kind of putting it off
Reaching the transcendental State marks the acme of human existence. Hardly anyone conceives,much less attempts to attain that exalted State
Happy New Year!
RT : I would like to thank and City of Montreal was beautiful and an amazing place for conf.
I'm on my way hm frm wk singing. " For U Alone R God"Now unto the king eternal.
Planning a wedding? What gifts are you giving your bridesmaids? Been a bridesmaid? What gifts have you received that you loved?
Magnificant RT If you're on the west coast and its clear GO outside & LOOK AT JUPITER & VENUS! Face west. You can't miss 'em.
Dear imp tweeps: Filner was invited to a SDSU event about 2 years ago where he got the lowdown on I-15 BRT. Don't know why he can't remember
was on Saturday! So good in between the
Bless you squared
You're Welcome (: nd your new video was amazing too. lol.
TGIF--Thank Goodness for FRUIT! What yummy sweetness are you going to eat toady? I hear a giant pink grapefruit calling my name...
alrighty , will do. When can you come in ?
Walls/Windows/Yard/Ways—by Larry Eigner & What We Talk about When We Talk about Anne Frank—by Nathan Englander -B. Byrd's
Special thanks to our vendors! The heart & soul of the event! Their enthusiasm & trust of us is valued beyond our ability to express!
From Florida? Tried finding them in WI. Not distributed here, since dropped by WalMart. Can be ordered online from Tasty Cakes.
Hey Everyone! Missed you guys!! :) I been busy lately & didn't have time to tweet! Sorry but I have a little free time now! :)
just stepped outside and practically burst into spontaneous combustion
lol this isn't a laughing matter. I think I'm finna die lol.
Oh, thank you for sharing! This made my day.
At the JICC for the 'Japanese Way of Tea'. Excited to see a tea ceremony!
Keep your short term photo display fresh. Tag the old photos being replaced & put them in a box in the great room. Update your screensaver.
Accompanied #StevieWonder last night. Will be riding that high for a while!
My LOCK of The Year is the NY GIANTS YOU Stil have time to put 10 million on the Giants and make a profit ! send me 10%BK-NYC
Friday - 1/14/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Todd Tijerina and Free Taco Bar Specials
Today was the first day of tutoring at Positive Tomorrows and the volunteers had a great time working with students! Thank you all!
GOP in favor of gay marriage. Since when?
Two different texts I've come across recently are from British scholars: Making the American Self & American West : The Invention of a Myth
thanks for the follow - love music says we should all have a motivational song!!
I am a General Contractor in NY City. I remodel houses and flats
Any plans for the weekend? How was Easter?
if you cut your hair again cut it real short!
ok, thanks guys. I figured it was BS but I haven't been in the loop the past few days.
must confess I've been gone a long time, though do still have some friends/acquaintances there. Where is job?
Writing about architectural processing. What is it that you want to know?
take us with you!
we should soo bookD Imagine that! (Imagine me singing this tweet)
The brave don't live forever but the cautious don't live at all.The only thing that's truly terrifying is the unlived life.-Bill See/33 Days
": why am I following you. YOU'RE ANNOY AF." I ask myself this a lot..
Getting scrappy in "The Battlefield Art of Design Triage": the product is the star. Or the mercy kill.
Slow is better than nothing. Am I remembering right--did I see your byline in a couple issues of The Writer? (or am I crazy?)
Oh, it was a spider. I thought the rock in the background was a T-rex. Can I just imagine I wasn't wrong?
what happened?
let drinking battleship begin!!! you sunk my battleship-now do a shot:) happy
#inmiddleschool life was simple
Its funny how attractive things become to people when money is involved.
I thought we were going to play the guessing game? So what's word on Mumbai bistro at Jeff?
I'm going to sleep.
I have one on mediafire, will post link
I love your tweets to Nialler! xD They make my day(or night?) haha LLN
#IOnce drove an hour away for some sweet tea
I like you because you would hold my hand and call me beautiful, I #LOVE you because if I had on makeup you would wipe it off.
I've loved and ive lost
yes. love her dress
That's how I felt about the Gathering of waters!
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
I'm soo sleepy.
the bureaucracy and paperwork of the profit-making health insurance industry consume one-third of every healthcare dollar.
Fun to read, Joan. Some day I have to read King's book... have you?
Barry recommends the use of LinkedIn Groups. Many that chat cost seg., accounting laws, etc. Conversate in smaller groups. cc '
watching my sons take their first homeschool math test :-)
Are you in Canada?
I want the iPhone 5 ALREADY!!!!
I'm up...and "twatterers" sounds kinda dirty lol (Good morning, Sitt !) ;-)
#SURVIVOR starts in 7 minutes!!!! It's the finale and my cousin is still in it!!
The last two songs that came on were "Don't Worry, Be Happy" & "The Dog Days Are Over". At least itunes knows what a shitty day I'm having..
Yes they called it "The new iPad"
That explains it then.
nuff respect! Give thanks!
going to 's house to watch PUNK'D!! with the fam. yay! wish was going to be with us!!!
Well in that case.... RT: Hey! I really wanted a retweet lol!
Wait I thought "Failure To Launch" was just a movie...
Aristotle scores DOD contract!
RT #Brewers have highest ERA in NL. Also have highest BAbip in NL. Unusually high BAbip predicts ERA will come way down.
LOCALS NIGHT! $5 ENTRY WITH NEVADA ID!! Message me for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
"Aight Drinks just went up 20 dollars a glass if you dont like it kiss Romy Rome Ass" Classic Martin line!!!!!!
Don't lie to Women about their healthcare options The Karl Rove strategy may work in Texas but not in TwitterSpace.
son of a nutcracker
That bitch got coochie fleas lmao
i have my ways ;) i need to give you buble and glee xmas cds!
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting some new shoes!
Rondo dropped 17asst and got another triple double
P.S. Video Game Quiz Show been too tough for you in the past? Tonight, it's multiple-choice, pulling from classic episodes!
There isn't chocoholics anonymous because no one wants to quit.
MY DM BOX IS EMPTY... SO UHM.. I WAS THINKING.. MAYBE U WANNA CHANGE THAT? LOL I LOVE U JUSTIN <3
I called you J same day you started work and left you a message but never heard back from you.
Late nights, early mornings.. I'm up, I'm up.
Congrats to for your emmy nomination, well deserved, you work very hard
I'm doing good. How are you?
Whats good bro! Naa. I was trying to reach u on that. Haven't heard or seen nothing. Hit me when ya get a minute.
Had fun at the Zoo with my friends and the rest of Red team!
thank for the retweet! Unfortunately we erred. It should read $5 OFF a ticket. The old tweet is deleted.
And anyone else who wants to play #lucky seven, feel free. The rules are on my blog. If you have a work in progress(WIP)....
sounds lovely :)
But Jesse St. James definitely does.
Surely the technology is close at hand to send a holographic Tupac to kick the crap out of twitter spammers?
Why don't we have any power?
Cut them some slack, they're babies! " Freshmen aren't very good at gtown day"
How I Love Lucy was born? We decided that instead of divorce lawyers profiting from our mistakes, we'd profit from them.
Lol thanks :)) RT hey Crystal. happy belated Mothers day lol. aint have yo # to tell ya :(
On may 27th is gonna b in Cleveland OH at the house of blues b there<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Happy birthday mr. Shakespeare.
Everyone please follow me on instagram- pinkglitter758 and please watch,comment rate and subscribe on my YouTube vids- taylorlover251
Sec. Gates former univ president & now Chancellor of College at W&M--also former Def. Sec. receiving the #libertymedal in Phila today!
No idea what to do tomorrow...birthdays...ugh I just feel old.
#AskObama Can you support national/regional business plan competitions for young entrepreneurs, out of work, laid-off folks? A national push
Looking forward to kicking off the 7th season of our CLO Breakfast club series tomorrow morning in Atlanta! Great crowd registered.
I've noticed that the most successful people, biz. owners, entrepreneurs, etc. all get up early! I need to get on this bandwagon, but how?
DC deserves a sports role model like RGIII ... Kudos to the Skins for doing the right thing!
Never seen Ferguson's show until now. Not sure I will watch again. Would have liked to have heard more from Rice. Too bad.
I feel like I'm setting myself up for disappointment. Why do I keep doing this to myself...:'/
You're single. I'm single. Looks like something was meant to be. Haha. :P
will do.<3 c:
m. craving some LC's right about now. RT : Watching No reservations about KC BBQ. Thought of
thanks getting our Q's out!
Done wit classes feel confident abt my exams now its grind time
I have an elephant mask for my crotch (yes, seriously). The trunk never fit very well. I should gift it to a smaller man.
Salem-Keizer School Dist. closed today due to snow. Other School Dist. updates on Koin Local 6 right now.
They have shirts that are specifically for you and your little and if purchased they donate $1 to the organization. Very reasonably priced!
you'll have to share details on the
what tweet?
I think that's a great idea. It sounds like there will be some unbiased opinions when this goes to court.
Thanks Michael. Please reach out if you have questions.
What the NBA really needs is more one-on-one play. CLEAR OUT!!!
Awesome dream!! We in LA need some GOD!!
I know the feeling. I feel like I got a small foretaste of my future this past week.
RT : Dear fat, please move to a better place like my boobs & my butt
NBC is a 50% stakeholder in Hulu. Don't feel guilty.
Record line at the falafel king today!
Agreed, a great PG makes anybody better. maybe 22 and 12, but big Al needs to work on his Defense.
He think we're a fool. His past record speaks truth: big government, big spending, crony capitalist. No thank you
going hard on naps
I think both are great songs. And now is as good a time as any to get on the Pavement train!
As a Jew it really amazes me how many people cant read an entire book yet have the chutzpah to quote parts. Eye for eye doesnt apply today.
And if you'll take a look at this bit over here... *strokes chin musingly*
Urgh! Sick as a dog!
#Baltimore #schoolsnotjails action happening! Because austerity is BS, while theres $ for jails but apparently not for schools?
hahaha you guys got a room, im not surprised...party hard, I WILL see you guys this week/weekend
Pretty good! It is nice to hear from you for once! Elwood is fine, and there is no new dog; that was my roommate's dog back then.
It's follow friday, make sure to add all the National Equality March accounts! ;)
Awesome race Smoke!!!! PS, I love that scruffy beard :)
Maybe upgrading to pro, but then I realized "professionalism" and I go togther about as well as a fart in church.
Office Space is on The Comedy Channel.
When we magnify the Lord through praise and prayer, EVERYTHING else we think is major will shrink in comparison. Psalm 34:3; 69:30
Why does she even have a mic? This is worse than the ads.
Dear Fox, I now retroactively forgive you for ALL crappy programming you have ever aired. The slate is clean
If you like me then say you like me. I need some loud speaking actions. So, listen to my heartbeat.
Sounds great! You are making me miss Nashville.
Tough! RT really needed the producers from Mayweather-Hatton 24/7 to come back to HBO give fans viewers more excitement
That's not going on twitter. Nice try though.
We left our voice at Turner Hall too! Girl you rocked my night!
s/o to for following me...wtf lol
Sounds good, Colin; love to demo Speedcast. Unfortunately can't DM you until you follow me.
It seems like kids these days are going from the playground to the DS, iPods, and video games. Where is this world going?
:) In fact the funny part is hearing some of the kids say "I have that app"
Being single is shit
need a laugh? i just sat down on my wet paint palette
i am jealous i am from i miss those types of thing we just dont hev them in fl
Somebody should DM me there num.
RT : Hey grads, we'd love to see you show off that commencement gown. We're proud of you! Tweet us your pics!
amazing profile photo!
Thanks for the mention! #Boise !!!!
but Alex you were upset yesterday!
High 5 on the Ohio Nachos! Thanks for coming in! : )
Im not sure we have any!
Ryan Reynolds on Top Gear <33
Dang! That 9ers D is HARD hitting. Every hit looks like they are trying to knock a fool out. Reminding me of Ronnie Lott
Do I want this because it works or bc has one? fitbit.com
where do you go? Mines need to be done and they are thick like yours
: that #fart tweet from is too gross. And i'm so not surprised you RT'd it. xoxo
The best thing about winter is.....
We had trouble with a couple display problems. I'll likely turn it back on soon. Sorry for the disruption!
www.xpressid.net must see
Brandon Weedon's will match his uniform
Loving the new campaign with Brings out the IT Geek and NBA star in me (OK Maybe just IT geek)
spamming is unwanted/unsolicited content - music, videos, print etc... even if it is gospel
Goodnight friends!
Currently taking sentence donations. Comment below with a sentence, and for you we'll set it free.
#ProtectThisHouse & sue the heck out of drink Body Armour! Those guys egos are too big & need to be checked.
Thanks for following us as well! :)
WHY ARE YOU KISSING HER
Forrester CEO says IT and marketing must interbreed to be successful going forward.
For #pdaebook have both an evaluation and an evacuation plan -Champieux
Thanks for the prayers Lee. Took a long "sleep" and I feel much better now. Time for some writing :)
GOOD LUCK
any makeup tips for this season #nerdprom and please no referrals to the surgeon.
you in LA this week?
It's a Niner kind of day. GO SF!
UPDATE 2-Kazakh copper miners end 3-day underground strike
I hope it turns around for you!
Just saw at the Sunset 5 on Crescent Heights. SEE IT.
Ever heard the terms Port, Starboard or Capsize? Paul brushes up on his sailing vocabulary at South Beach Yacht Club, Sat (9/11/10) @ 5:30pm
Happy Holidays and a New Year filled with ABUNDANCE!
hey...I kinda like you....okay bye....
Rt if you single
things i'm not going to miss about being a nanny- finding crusty cheesestick wrappers in my pockets after a day at the zoo.
Just woke up. Feeling much better! Thank You Jesus! Ugh! Lolz. Getting ready for work.
I've tried map quest and google I still can't find Old Macdonalds farm!!!!
I-70 speed harmonization begins Sunday thru the ski season- get ready to be slow and steady to get there safe!
she started it!!
higher demand, means higher price points. We can balance the sneaker market by withholding our buying power
For a middle-aged broad who thought Vampire Weekend had something to do with the Twilight movies, Pandora is a beautiful thing.
lol I'm sitting
It has been forever! Miss you Renee! Hope college is going good for ya :)
well said
Great! And to whom should I send my application?
you mean you don't just sitting around eating bon bons all day...? :)
We hope to see you this weekend! We've got some AMAZING treats planned-- and as you know we don't fool around when it comes to treats!
Ah tell me wth this just came through RT : shout out MS & LA in this biish
can teams continue to add players as they may become available with elimination from the #stanleycup playoffs?
“: Fake Bobby??? RT : Guess who has a call with the manager of the Grateful Dead Properties at 7pm?” Hahahahahaha
pleasure the princess
Things not to do: mix up the sake and the soy sauce while dining
Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas!
In Puerto Rico and walking on a bed of hot coals... bustin barriers and lovin' life! LifePath Breakthrough VII!
About to try San Fran bbq. Hm.
very interesting! I am a fan of Lacoste- my favorite would be Ralph Lauren for clothing and David Yurman for accessories
I have a class B. Doing what exactly? We have been thinking about moving back.
yeah but i got another friend named rene rodgers so who smart now
What does one have to do to get the "secret textoso line" number?
Hahaha i said the same thing RT : YOUR MOM'S ARMPITS
okayy, sounds good!
I know. I'm writing my diss on slavery in Barbados in 17thc and always trying to remember the humanity in all of this.
it's based on when your birthday is. It describes a lot about your personality.
Almost time for Justin Bieber but who cares!? Not me.
This bitch talking to her damn self lol
when are season tickets shipping?
Had an Inception experience this am. Sleeping on a plane and dreaming I was sleeping on a plane. But the 2nd dream level was in 1st class
Oh okay. Why? I mean, I am not attracted to real dark skinned people, so I guess I understand. U a guy or girl?
The Texan is officially back in Texas.
Survived baby's first birthday party. Fun was had. Cake was eaten.
fcn3kejfckqlj i needa tell you something
You are fine! So just change the date? Same time, same place?
Thanks for the #FF! Always fun to be on the receiving end.
Or I could wear my Dress Blues since I will be an honored military guest. ? That would solve the tie issue & up the sexy;)
what you doing babe
just moved into our apartment and headed to JIQ training!! :)
“ Ima chaulk this one up as a lost im ready to go home fuck this final for tonight grade ain't gone change anyway” Lmaoo
Time to sneak in a moment of nappage.
A person who have never made a mistake never tried something new.
hello Joyce! I need your address, my mom & I can't seem to find it :(
I will be in Dallas Friday!
Any fool can set a precident, and every fool will follow it
Taking dinner suggestions - whatcha got twitter?
Happy Valentine's Day Huskies!
I'm a David Brooks Democrat
The key to happiness is really fairly simple.
but i appreciate your Jesus music oh wonderful youth pastor of mine :)
guess I should come in and try some then!
Large shoutout to Babylon Futbol Cafe in Falls Church, VA great soccer bar!!
Every#child you encounter is a divine appointment. ~W Stafford
I need to go back, haven't been there for awhile
just live ya life..
Babies are just -holics and -maniacs waiting to be classified.
1 Super Shower Curtain left from We're open till 9 tonight.
They groan in unison every time.
"Actors die so loud." - Henry Miller
We agree! What color neon would you pair with white?
Hi Rob! Really glad to see another "local" on Kupoz! Please unlock my value-tines badge so I can take the lead! I am a new follower of yours
Yes, it is my nature to act like a naughty boy & my wife realized it long before we were married. Lisa tans my hide because I need it
If only cancer were a big, fat #AprilFools joke...! @ -- Keep pushing ! Right, ?
Thanks to everyone that came out to our Foodie Experience and High Kings events... SHREK THE MUSICAL opens tomorrow! Buy tix now at TM.com
Nothing like getting called a stupid whore by your bf's kid to make you want to go to work 4 hours early.
he's this season's "the mask"
RT if you DO want the world to end
RT : Volume, Velocity, Variety, Veracity, Viralness, Viscosity
GET ON SOMEWHERE BESTFRIEND ITS ONLY ME AND + GOT HER LEGS ON MA LEGS -__- I NEED MYSPACE
it's been one long week + i've been out of twitter-touch the past few days. thinking of u :)
Wow so harsh!
After an amazing weekend and some great new friends....heading home to see two of my favorite people tie the knot!
it was Nice seeing of at the last night for the #SharkTank Viewing Party
I love the rain when it allows me to spend time with moms and the fam.
Day 2 Next year I'm creating our display inside a huge genie bottle.
I'm glad you agree.
RT "Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." Dalai Lama
#finding Network Marketing Recruiting - Finding Your Target Market
I don't think there's anything I've learned on Twitter that I haven't promptly forgotten. In one ear...
Yeah I just pet a stuffed koala like it was a puppy, don't judge.
Its whatever... #ImNotGoingToDealWithThisShit!!
Stephen A. Smith says Bosh's injury won't affect the Heat much bc they're for sure going to beat the Pacers... Hmm...
Thad's vision quest is so funny!
I just emailed everybody with a reminder. Wouldn't want anyone to miss the race!
Morning run and p90x ab workout. It was a great morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
My parents are creeping on my sister's friend. Lmao, I can't.
It's Guggenheim time
Happiness is not having what U want. It's wanting WHAT U HAVE.
'Massive Midwest Storm Moves East' Great, I'm heading to Boston tomorrow. Wish me luck.
we all have the right 2 celebrate our succeses..having 5,000 expencive shoes tucked in a closet is one of them? very difficult to understand
Groundhog Day, the Wizard of Oz, and Twister are favorites, Day After Tomorrow and The Shining are least faves
Madison to Chicago flight is fantastic thing. 45 mins or 15 mins less than for me to go from Chi. to Munster, Ind each day for 5 1/2 years.
How was the Town and Gown event?
Lets get ready to RUMBLE!
If Unemployment encourages people to stay unemployed where are all the jobs they are passing up? GOP wake up please!
yea. My real world just hit a little early.
my grandpa #aafaal used to save all of my newspaper clippings from interviews to shows
yes please! You and Cam need to come swim sometime soon too. The pool is open:)
Catch you on the flip-side, MOTHERFUCKERS.
me , i cant wait <3
It is!!! And its not my fault they don't wear some high visibility thing!!
Hair long Ass fat
SO sick of the radio playing the same damn songs over and over again =( LOL someone save me from this radio!
Specials: Soup: Cream of Mushroom, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Penne with Chicken, Pizza: Chicken Alfredo
Happy Monday!!!! Going to be a beautiful week! X's and O's to everyone!
" Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it. "
Tonight I'm back at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron for some more fun!
I want to move down south
If I won the lottery first thing I'd buy would be a massage and a comfortable mattress <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
thats right!:D they do a perfect and best pair of the world!:D <3
Why can't we just suck the gulf oil through a huge suction pump ?? This is serious...
u should post that portrait of Chris brown. :)
Music is the art of thinking..with sounds..
How do you make the time for life? Esp exercise?
Pushing a hard line this mothers day morning
not a ditch. But I am in a bed with 5 guys. One of them is naked.
Yo chick she so thirsty!
roads are hazardous ... I don't think you would have made it
Made my 1st hot sauce. Pepper count: 56 (5 different varieties).
If you know me, you know how much I love Adam Yauch and the beastie boys
who's talking ish? U need a bodyguard?? Haha
Happy International Women's Day.
lol "whats wrong?" "i just told u!" haha FAIL
Happy Holidays to all of our wonderful fans --- RT if you are enjoying your fam/friends.
Goodnight Yall , RT to say it Back (:
Records of information, beautiful art & diagnostic features. Ehret 1743. Arm-chair museum visit.
Weekend plans? Exercise exercise and exercise! Be safe!
Tonight: 5.5.5 #numerology and biggest full moon of the year! Take advantage n pray/meditate/wish - it's a lucky day!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Green beans contain a little arsenic in them. But you would have to eat 20 lbs. at one time to get sick from it.
The trappings of lifestyle are often that; traps. -Thomas Leonard
because it's for charity, I suspect.
are you kidding Wisco & Neb @ Camp Randall on Saturday nite. Remember last year in Madtown on a Sat nite??
Departing in the morning for Israel with & !
domain squatting in Columbus.
im exited going to times square on friday!!!!
! RT just realized it's only a month until the avengers.
haha that's okay =)
Morning Twitter :-)
"the pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." ~William Ward
LOL! this will give me stopping point in my research.I'm also bringing fam together that has never met @ 2012 reunion..
wish i can join but i have to go to guard and actually work out....... eat one for me
Kobe Bryant likely out vs Spurs on Wednesday but will most likely be signing autographs at the tunnel before Spurs Lakers tip off.
love that song
You know those moments when you're suddenly, inexplicably so frickin' happy with the world and your life? Yup. Right there. :D
RT RIP Maurice Sendak. Thanks, from everyone who's ever been sent to their room for making mischief.
i approve
The book is almost always better than the movie when it comes to psychological thrillers.
We'll see. Depends what time the paper can be put out with Monday deadlines. Good luck vs Clackamas.
Luckily analysis isn't the only way to resolve inner conflicts.
RT : Greece goes on general strike Wednesday. We need to express solidarity!
ok I gotcha that's wat I like to do one of my passions I'm glad u loved it. :-)
no you!I need to see you to get you off that stuck up cloud you are on.
CNN's John King: White House sources say that later this week Obama will explicitly call for Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad to step down
I need a new texting buddy!!(: #number?(;
For crying out loud Elena, pick ONE.
": I can remember when I was just a freshman in college now I'm about to be a junior time is flying!!!"
Rich Hill is wailing on piano with Jonathan Schriock on violin, Charles Pridgen on saxophone and Tim Braselton on vocals!
Everybody go follow now
My 1,000th tweet... it's insane to me that some people tweet as often as they do. This took me forever!
im awake :)
glgl on day 3! and gl to my roomie playing the main event today. i'll be playing saturday
Just got my skydiving ticket!! I think we're going next month Ahh!!
A company's social media team should be the most social, human people they can find. Doing business with a robot is a buzz kill
Ready for the CON!! We'll be at the Deadliest Warrior Panel at 10am discussing Vampires vs. Zombies. On the panel MAX BROOKS!!
Rev Robert Pipes passed away.He was a friend & conducted our wedding. He was positive no matter what & will be fondly remembered.JAI SAI RAM
Fashion, Potluck, Baseball Outfits all in a days work! <3
my camera comes today asdfghjk; so excited!! also have singing lessons so hopefully it will be a good day (:
Just confirmed a deal with Delta airlines!!Happy commuting Global commuters!!
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe The 16 More days of school that are left...
thank you julie! it means alot! I just made a twitter right now haha
Not naary a nobody would be surprised if fall rolls around and Pat Riley has "stepped in" for spoelstra tho.
Today, I finally watched THE ENGLISH PATIENT. It was a good movie. I thought that it was a boring movie before I watched it.
who reports number of lanes open. Looks to me like it's not 4 lanes
Golden globes awards is awesome. Showing now on NBC;o)
"But they weren't running for office for Pete's sake!" Mitt would say ...
Obama promised hope. Looks like that doesn't include
I've been wanting to try on jackson & menomonee
that makes the 6th state police man I just passed- good thing I got a radar detector
Not feeling it. Not feeling it at all.
Can't it be both?
I'm having Carolina flashbacks. Lets not have a shot go over the glass too.
says this next song is a song about a dead guy who ended up dying.
I'm so pre-ordering the Guild Wars 2 Collector's Edition on April 10th. Now to start saving money... $150.
Ur like 900 bucks u ain't a G
yeah that one...is it helpful at all?
That Beavan guy is tough
Cathy Davidson on gorillas in the academic room at
I've got work in 3 hours.....
sorry for your loss amigo mio
Mansfield on smelling and "tasting" the effluvia of yellow fever. On the panel immediately preceding lunch.
We love chocolate! RT : Studies show that 22% of all chocolate consumption takes place between 8pm & midnight.
GREAT. you can't delete your account on a mobile phone. gonna just wait til friday & delete from a computer.
writing next book (fiction). He has to be dark haired, look like he could fit in with 1800s gentlemen... ?
Maybe more intimidated by selecting wine "think of it like sleeping with a new partner"
Have a Joyous Christmas and a happy prosperous 2012!
17 straight like it ain't no thing. if it makes you feel better, i'll cut h.rod and pick you up in my fantasy team.
Thanks Dave!
text me?
follow me please!!!:)
Why does doing Turbotax feel like gambling?
I'm like a princess mixed with a 3yr old with ADD. No wonder I never know what to do with myself!
the art of social media combat, an ongoing study
Columbia expects to implement some RDA for some materials at some time
And how did they score Yello to do the voiceover for their Shop button? Nice get!
For when you wake up, I hope you have a fantastic day!!
cant win EM all
Great. I've played at the field MT NYC closed Red Hook ball fields after USA TODAY investigation into lead levels from smelter site.
Doesn't Julie London sound like Kathleen Turner?
": Nothing is more annoying than ugly girls who think they're the shit" *cough cough* justice
(I'm kidding)
awesome, thanks!
"Dead mad Antonin Artaud invades a prayer meeting!"
Banana Cream Pie with Salty Bourbon Caramel via
65-70 as of 2 pm around the Tri-State. Cooler south facing shores. Highs 70-73 many places inland this afternoon. Same deal tomorrow!
Even though you get on my nerves you
Why does it have to rain so much could never live in Washington I can't stand this dreary weather good for sleeping though
25 days until the end of the semester. I promise to tweet much more after. I will need to unleash this stuff in my head somewhere...
HPNG event tonight is at capacity, we cannot take on site registrations. Sorry. :-(
Looking at illustrations from the 16th century at Morgan library. Something to be said for books..the artifact lives on
- Google had not part at all with our film. Not a penny nor a phone call. So please, get your facts straight.
Gonna fine some lovin not afraid to let go
is not the restaurant... hi, chip!
cute is what we aim for...duh
Standing ovation as Texas gives a special acknowledgement to Mizzou coach Frank Haith (former Barnes asst coach) in pregame announcements.
What band shirt do you wear proudly?
Absolute Truth!
Next person that comes to AJBombersMSN and says they saw this tweet gets a drink on !
same! watching 30 rock
Baltimore Co. transgender bill to be voted on soon
Why does 's paper shredder sound like an airplane taking off?
good news; my cake finally cooked. bad news; it burnt. -.-
Everything you do reminds me of why I fell in love with you.
Off to the tree stand....a hunting we shall go
I sent you a DM babe <3
“: <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>Looks capture the attention... Personality captures the heart <U+2764>” nice!!
happy birthday
I'm soo busy today but I Hope everyone is having a Blessed & Wonderful day! Especially & ! Love you all! xoxo
Follow us now!
LOL RT : this nigga ol late ass come up slandering Laker Fans at 3 in the fuckin morning..nigga go take a nap. lol
Wow-stumbled upon playing Bowie's Young Americans Side 1 in its entirety tonight. Maybe should give this FM radio a chance again
U2's stage is a bit over the top, eh?
Super Seminar in Albuquerque Van! Thank you!
I'd hate to see what sushi costs in copenhagen :-)
2012 Buick LaCrosse Luxury Car | Luxury Mid-Size Sedan | Buick
Gotta love Rozay!
I'm buying a new board soon
Participate in "Octobeard" with us! Here's how to play: just shave at midnight on Oct. 1st and don't shave for the rest of the month!
Wow! really put the beat down on Cuba 6-0 #olympicqualifying way to go!
Same Here !
thank you!(':
Thanks for the RT!
Follow me please I love you
no worries :)
I make wishes, I have dreams and I still want to believe that anything can happen in this world for an ordinary girl. x
“: My book #DarkWorld released in all Barnes & Noble stores this Tuesday! please retweet!”. <3
:O I FOUND ONE :) . I love them , well not love but like (:
like, I'll be scheduled to work 4 hours, but I always get hour breaks and they send me home early sometimes.
nice wel b thru. Any deals on bottles that you know of?
I used to think if i only slept with one stuffed animal, that the rest would get jealous & kill me .
Isms in my opinion, are not good RT RT "A man should not believe in an -ism, he should believe in himself"-Ferris Bueller
congats man. Go kill it up there in the PAC NW!
great audition today with the folks at Blue Coyote Theater Group!
I know it's just Twitter,but I did a triple take, scratched my head and even cocked it to the side like Scooby Doo
My life is based in one person and its Jesus
Thanks for the RT!
What kind of music do you primarily play?
I'll be back for 10 days starting June 30th. We should meet up.
So why is there Hurricane Katrina outside my window all of a sudden?
Did you know WIC helps new #moms learn about #healthy eating for their babies? Where do you learn #nutrition info for your little one?
Eleanor Marx~ By the time your life is finished you will have learned just enough to begin it well.
I Cried When I found out that is coming to Norway in a month! <3
#ThingsIReallyCantStand false assumptions.
Can you imagine having sex in a smart car?
I'm up before 6am on a Sunday morning trying to diagnose server issues. FUN!!!
Legend of Zelda symphony? Yes please!
get well really really soon schyler! <3
Just took some kind of quiz and it says I'm 89% in love....well then.
not at all. we all know the truth harry. it's fine.
omg I'd love it if a brick wall followed me ;P
Textbook cutoff positioning by Anthony Bass.
Thank you SO much. that means the world to me!
I THINK IVE BEEN UP SINCE 1:08 I THINK.
just won 1000 people points on lotto ticket yeah!!!
So idk now my page is putting tweets on here without me posting them how do u find out who they r n take them off???
It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right, I hope you had the time of your life.
Budget looks good for EI.
maybe im a terrible person, but i can't stop laughing at your misfortune
This weekend in Denver has been way too much fun, my body is rejecting booze at this point
follow me
Alas, we all do what we have to do.
Goal Rachel Perry with :01 to go oh wait halftime 8-1. They held them under 10 they get #sprinkles on kiddy cone
...understand how he reads popular texts that you've probably seen and understand political/histor. context
Wishing everyone one a blessed day. Stay positive n smile till u feel it :)
Pres. Obama should stop threatening seniors & soldiers with their pay. Maybe Congress & the executive branch can halt their own pay instead?
someone tweet me (:
what time is ball leaving?
i feel bad for ya hahah!
Watching "Dolphin Tale"...crying. Officially lame...but it's cute?
lol yup niggah I'm black
I'm still in bed ;)
Spring Sale is on rain or shine. 10am-6pm at our Camp Randall Location. Our entire shopping area is completely covered from the rain :)
lol... I know, I was just playing sweety... but what are you doing?
Howard stern on fallon in a bit.. Tune in
what time?
I'm hammering a couple Silver Bullets in celebration of my first child born today! A healthy boy! How about a RT my man!?
Evans with a huge block and he'll go to the line!
when are you free today I get out at 1!
Phil Phillips I love you.
White North Portlander is upset by his neighbor's beautiful yard. "no one is going to think I'm living in the hood with all of Ron's roses."
tonight is at the riv w/ and crappy weather deserves good music.
I assume khloe is pregnant in your dream?
An/or I did not live 450 ft above my place of work.
Can Obama win in 2012 ?
#UShouldnt Wear Open Shoes With Bad Feet, That's A No No.... Lol
We agree!
I love seeing my boys on loves em too!
I vote for #8 Amy Lynn in the
Austin drunks: Who has good drink specials on Tuesday?
RT : 10/23ColumbusDispatch reports bankers think credit Union success is publicity stunt-big stunt w/tons of members playing along
Then one day I was in the cab line at the airport, reading "Portnoy's Complaint" while listening to The Beatles on an oldies station.
Organizational development in a nutshell: Define your organization, give direction and avoid chaos.
As there should be!
rt Q5. At end of day, marketing (B2B or B2C) is about results thru desire. Find ur sale's "desirable point" (Context)
Hemmed my first pair of pants tonight! #allbymyself #donttellmymom!
your sister I meant that's if her knee is Doing better
if they perform according to written score they wouldn't be memorable or talked about. Bet "The Fray" is trending somewhere
Goodnight babies <3
“: "What do you call a seven foot duck?" hahaha i needed that right now”= ^__^ hahahahahhaha
Don't have a pipe. Never will.
Wanna see you happy even if its not with me
1st bracket ever going horribly awry. Faulty strategy led to pick Clemson over WV. Will give match up notes due respect in future.
They sold out very quickly! (if that helps any) :)
Great BWB w/ Jim Stovall, "We find meaning in life when we discover our gift - we find power when we give it away." Thanks, !
I don't feel so depressed of the Broncos loss after I saw the Giants dominate the Packers.
Headed to State Library conference on public library sustainability. Hoping to get some great ideas from CA public library directors!
Okay gusy! If you are a resident of San Diego then I have great news for you. Just Pie coming soon!
don't make me tweet at you from a shell script could write!
LOL gothic tom cruise? just...no.
I know. Me with my pie in the sky.
happy birthday hope your day is fun and you live to be 4796537 years old
Just a casual existential crisis on Leavey 3.
My son singing the theme to super why cracks me up every single time
are you a fan of chloe moretz
Happy Birthday to Kayla from everyone !! cc.
Kemba Walker at the half. 2 points, 2 fouls, 4 minutes played. They'll need a solid 2nd half from him for #UConn to win.
Had an amazing freaking day!! :)
Skipping to Q7! A7: Companies now are requiring creativity and originality in how applicants display their skills and expertise.
Thank you for the follows!
5. Because "Nobody will ever be MC" <U+E03C><U+E13E><U+E034><U+E31C><U+E035>
I'm Not Crazy, I'm Just Different.
what is your idea?
Decided To Go To A Lecture And Sit In...And You Would Be Surprised By All The Knowledge That You Hide Just To Fit In...
lol that's cuz its true
- Thanks for correction in legal terminology. When I hear "shared" rights, I think of collaborators who make joint decisions.
Are you available on May 12 to skype in for a discussion of 'Exposing the Magic of Design'? /cc
try going up the back way. the tram is for pansies.
hey parm crisp followers!! great news--we can now be found at Zeto Wine and Cheese in NC! RT if you know the store!
For sure! Big Star followed by #loftparty at your place
Thanks Caleb! We appreciate that! -M
I <U+2764> you guys too!!
Cost of Moleskine notebooks is getting out of hand. Will have to try software to replace my manual writing technique. What about my pen??
didnt win at mania but will on raw!
Okay I'm Out Getting Bored & Hungry... Thinkin After Dinner Sometime I'm Going To Eat Some #SHRIMP>>
What good is it being an earl if you have to have a ping-pong table in your library?
Hello! Happy Mothers Day, What are you doing to celebrate this awesome day?! xoxo
Que que?
Pricing in a dig environment difficult: expensive to scan, inexpensive to access; diff. models of pricing for e-products
Congratulations Lydia! Happy celebrating.
do you happen to have a safety pin in the office I can borrow?
to bed
meanwhile he was the one who was crashy crashy with his "used to this" comment..that wudda been last thing I said
bought my 2cnd MK handbag & 1st pair of Shoes. I love them. Every women NEEDS a pair! They fit & feel amazing!
Going back to the corner where I first saw you, going to camp here in my sleeping bag - no I'm not gonna move. <3
Why am I logging into work 5 minutes after getting home. Am I really this dedicated to my job?
excellent service today man. You have a gift in reaching people w the way you tell stories and preach.
yup, that seems a fair assessment.
extreme sensitivity to touch. It's the worst pain I've ever been through. It ranks higher than childbirth and cancer pain.
RT : RT : RT : “You can not live your life just based on what everyone else thinks.” ~ Joyce Meyer
Don’t play what’s there, play what’s not there. ~Miles Davis
"For the children...": 3 words that signal a curtailing of liberty.
now listen 2 coast coast whats up with u guys
the downside of living in LA and working from home: your neighbors are always "rehearsing"
that's specifically the item we were discussing.
Ah, sweet. Thanks, girl! Will check her out now.
this is hot dog eating weather. Who's coming to the factory store or going to thier local stand today?
Its so sad how much work i have to do..... finish 2 papers and study for 2 tests.
im back at school , go to lroom 8th
hey if you are the great saiyaman why are some people saiyan you not .
Welcome & thx for following!
Wishing everyone a very happy Christmas Eve!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
RT : Follow Local Editor Hoa Quach's Live Blog of Gov. Jerry Brown's Speech in San Diego - Imperial Beach
Ima be up all night. I wish I could call someone. </3
"If failure is not an option, neither is success." Seth Godin
u hell fam
How is everything going?
sure does. Oh well, no biggie. In a city full of spurs fans I'm sure someone will buy them.
new record and tour very soon
Lol I was suppose to get up 20 minutes ago...
In science class !!! Bored:/
email me.
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: Spicy Pickle. Best spread ever. Thank you
NW Bring It On.... Was suppose to be sleep lol
Happy New years everyone!!!
its all good though.
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." -- Ron Swanson
it's on! Where r u guys staying?
The beginning of a new semester is the most glorious time to be a tutor. Getting paid to work on my novel/blog/time management games, natch.
we have a rehearsal dinner, but I may be able to ford over while she plays MOH
next week is signing. If you need more help reporting, lemme know
Thanks for putting on the sprint. I needed that push. This #WIP is ready to run amok. :)
Someone said that the problem with life is that it's so daily. - Dr. David Jeremiah
Importing games is a good way to prolong a system.
What's the one trend you absolutely MUST incorporate into your wedding dress look?
Partay! RT : Come check out the greatest DJ July 13 in Tampa, dont miss out on this great experience!!!
I hate it when your talkin to somebody on the phone and every few minutes theirs a long pause.....
And then Matt Flynn..
It's telling me I've got storage issues, and it's beyond slow. So fun...
Face the Nation guests are for same-sex marriage, but they are appalled by the Time breast-feeding cover. Wait. Sodomy okay, suckling not?
I think I'm more excited to watch my little cousins t-ball games than they are to play! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out
like our student leaders have been kicked out for two weeks due to punitive and unhelpful rules.
Now THAT is some exciting stuff. And Dogfish Head?! That's the best news I've heard in a while.
Now my friends associate me w/ zines so much that whenever I talk about something, they say "make a zine about that!"
Thanks to for answering some questions.
I love me some coors
Oh, also occupy #d = Data-Driven Discovery = Fourth Paradigm of Science = Data-Intensive Scientific Discovery = ??? What else ?
I drank far too much today for the amount of food and water I had.
wait are you going for orlando?!!! please say yes!!!
Any experienced girls want to bartend tonight at Sugar Mill? 7pm-2am girls last night made about $400 in tips
I'm just not a fan of Cedano!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "how do you pronounce your last name?" fucking figure it out.
you wrapped your dates in bacon?
‘High-end luxury exchange store’ opens in Destin
touché, sir. ps- see my last check in.
Happy Hump Day back atcha!
gestapo in training?
OH in Dhaka: "When you're on the road, there are no rules."
#nowplaying .. Fake Blook - I Think I Like It
#TIIP4P 3Cs of Partnering 4 Performance: culture, complimentary capabilities, connections
I love the cast of kickin' it
Maybe I should explain to you people that,I'm not kidding and I seriously want you take me to Arlington.
Reminder: all those interested in our Aug 1 #wine #dinner must place reservations by 2PM today. #downtown #montgomery. 334-262-2763
Working until midnight tonight :(
Haha! What do you mean by "The Boot" though. #DeathValley?
I think im addicted to harlem nights!!!!!
ESPRESSO BUZZ WE!!!!!!!
There are many people coming together! people are starting to LISTEN. The abolitionists are forcing the issue! Perhaps this is a good thing.
Like Quentin Tarrantino's advice - get some emotion out of these guys!
We always knew we like you! :) RT : Tweetpeeps! Please follow , & stand by for a big announcement tomorrow!
I miss your weekly Ustreams and you putting up your covers every week. I know that you're busy, but it's just not the same now
Winner of the Gopher Hockey tickets for 10/7 is congrats!
Mention this tweet and receive 3 FREE TOPPINGS on any size pizza RIGHT NOW and for the rest of the day!!
hi there try
#WeLoveYouLadyJaJa since no important pop gurl's perfoming at the Billboard Awards, skip dat shit and tune in to "Lisa Goes Gaga" on FOX.
“: Texas corral sounds so good!” *Roadhouse <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
haha I bet!! He hasn't seen you in years!
Where Will Thrill The World Los Angeles go next with Thriller ???? Can't tell.....TO BE CONTINUED
Just heard on the radio that san francisco might be banning the sale of pets... why?
I dont have her number:/
#BackInElementarySchool I actually did my homework & got all A's !
Everyone get down to and devour a dog on national tv! Eat Street is filming now!
What blog would you recommend someone read to in place of Gizmodo?
Not-At-All Complicated Plan
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. -W. Disney
SO basically, so no more birth control. Very progressive guys.
I freaking miss the summer of 2010.
hell ya. I'm from cape. We need to wreck a studio together sometime.
can I pick up your kickball shirt tonight? I guess Lindsay is using it on Wednesday.
You cannot possibly fathom the immensity of the fuck I do not give.
Cuddling <U+2192> Kissing <U+2192> Biting <U+2192> Licking <U+2192> Sucking <U+2192> Nibbling <U+2192> Grabbing <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Stroking <U+2192> Moaning <U+2192> Nutting <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Sleeping <U+21BA>
Who wants to bring me gummy worms & pink lemonade.
i can't wait for when you dye your hair dark and all the stupid girls are gonna think they replaced 'the blonde one' -_- smh.
first time i tried victory. i like imperial stouts- have had some good ones lately. maybe i should try something else next time
no can do, no drinkin tonight got the hoodlumps & friends...how long u staying?
[Well said!] RT : Mother yourself today.
now it's time for ALL of us to get in the studio!!
Whenever a man is tired, wine is a great restorer of strength. Homer
EWWW! *shudders* (literally) - That's Good 'ole Rat City for ya.
Happy mother's day to all of the mothers that are following !!!
hey I need to change my name on twitter , any ideas ?
but then again these days women are to uptight well most of them now, they use to not be that way oh well, i still love you ladies out there
now watch what happens, no eu = no trade, no jobs, no money, poor make it worse for themselves, they love their IPADS :)
First course: done. Status: drunk and giggly
broadcast a show at aaron.tv
I couldn't agree more. Yum. RT : Chipotle is awesome. That is all.
Does anyone know of a platform to schedule google plus posts in advance?
JajajaJimmer is on Fire!!
Now am inspired Togo home and build a pillow fort!
all day everyday:)
In the process of getting my hair highlighted red!
oh yeah! Thank you!
That's probably true!
Hooray for having 2 more seasons of #Dexter!
yes it's gotten a whole lot better
Haitian Music >>>
What&#39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan&#39;s Thoughts
Just saw my rockstar crush So excited for their show later - what an exciting live act.
Daddy paid for a bag, too. I was very happy for the Bit to get her 1st taste of FCBD, tho. ^_^
It is according to Wikipedia. And everyone knows Wikipedia is 100% official and verified fact. (sarcasm)
Turning this dream into reality.
I saw that line on my way to work. Have fun!
Having the best peppermint mocha at Fourteen East in #midtowndetroit!
Miss you, too! XO
RT Routine is an indication of an organized mind for a
We're teaching our first class today! YIPEE!!
3 down, 1 to go on these overnights. Then I'm home free and off to the 808 with mommy!
come on Wat is it gunna b
Same here.
Webcasts are the bain of my existance
"Where're you going?" He asks. "My place says the young lady." "Oh... you should get a place with me" suggest Riordan.
thank you;)
Thank you for the kind words and please make sure to share our page with your friends! Have a good Monday afternoon!
by tweeting at
Finally got my iPod charger today from hong kong lol
The fog has burned away this morning. Sunflowers in bloom. . .another beautiful day.
Agreed, I enjoyed Stallybrass' "Against Thinking" as well. Nice reminder that knowledge exists in a continuum.
Another day another dollar gm I do it all for my family I love my 2 boys & my wife
Great discussion at #edcampcolumbus led by about not giving grades. Can't wait for your book!
Like #TBH anything can be abbreviated these days. [~_~]
Sleeping on the balcony with and
I get separation anxiety when I leave my dog at the pet spa.
Leave my apartment? I can probably do that. Thanks! See you later.
#rageface all day everyday
Hey there SLEEPY HEAD! I bet you're still drooling on that pillow haha.
#GoPackGo Lets go pack!! Love.
haha! thanks for favoriting :) I'm guessing you like cupcakes, too
you are the man
": The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs. #PacersPlayoffs"
So has an iPhone that has spell check but she still can't spell simple words like "because" smh lol
Watching the #Bachelor and Courtney is still a bitch. Cry all you want on TV to try and clear your name... everyone still hates you.
no his FIRST name is Michael. Colton is his middle name.
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
omfg, was it hard?!
At Brit's Pub, contemplating the possibility of a pasties/pasties dinner and a show program.
moved to Miamis
I know that's right
What did the egg say to the boiling water?... You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
#ff our love her energy is amazing!
On MOC you mentioned book writing software you are using that automatically formatted for ebook. What is the name of the software?
So tired :/
Now everyone wanna bang Chief Keef. Ctfu
oof, that is an *early* start.
got to go on an upcoming episode of #Ashleyonair nice!
Cartwright: When transitions occur in security, you have to fill the void and then bring in the experts...aka #development leaders
RT if u r still awake:)
#WebGreekTip - Setup your sub-calendars with color tabs to quickly sort & organize your events
Pumpkin pancakes at Original Pancake House in West Chester, OH are dee-lisch!
Yup...tough to argue with that...they are always producing some great juice!
thanks for the follow
thanks for your checking in! Getting treatment 9 of 12 as I type.
its seems like i keep on forgetting to forget about you.
Thank you!! Have a great day! Check our Passions by K Facebook page. :-)
Elbert Hubbard You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.
RT Dustin Hurt: America, you seriously need to rethink the process for getting an artist visa.
you bet I am!
Scary thought: the Obama/McConnell "domestic partnership" cancels out everyone else and every other opinion.
I've done that before, out of the bottle...
It's hard to write cogent thoughts in 140 characters when one is tipsy.
lol. I was driving that this morning until 11:30!! Weekend plans?
Cloudy day in LA= perfect hiking weather
If you hurry you might still make it before 6th OT starts.
Peace comes from within your soul. Do not seek it from the out side world
Finished my short script, Bears had a victory over the Vikings, this quiet time is priceless! Good Night to all!
A ten year old?! Don't they use YouTube for, like, Care Bears or some shit?!
We have such a great show tonight that begins @ 7 with house band Felicia Carter & Amy Shook followed @ 8 with 7 great story tellers & more!
let me know if you need help. i can rustle up people to help carry things, transport items, etc.
Who's going to tonight to see Bob Frause? He's always great to hear!
Women should not have children after 35. Really... 35 children are enough.
yall can get me on voxer now- B-Dai
i fuckin love all my gay friends! end of story!
Is being sarcastic? (I have trouble with written sarcasm...). And seems like one cool dude.
good point happy friday #ff Michelle RT : know the feeling. I thought of you right away!
foreal. My phone last 22 hours
you're adorable.
i went to Lowe's with my dad, and he started to talk to a guy there about nipples and female parts...
No more notices to the ppl I send my files to that I am using an illegal copy of VW! Whoo!!!
Man do I hat Alex burrows guy has always been a little buttsavage on a team I absolutely hate with a passion
your Gunna become a veronica don't do it lmao
Thanks for the RT(s)!
Thank YOU for joining us at #Nighttown. Hope to see you next time in Cleveland
Have you ever heard the actual song before?
me too
Thank you, That was a fantastic speech.
good morning cheese addicts! Please enjoy scrambled egg- whites a top of jalepeno for a yummy healthy breakfast with no carbs! :)
Who's gonna buy a tank when they come in!?
Had a good night downtown one more week in Ptwn.
The pop out by Braun was HUGE!
BIG exclusive in the DB Cooper investigation - details at 5am!
that's my favorite movie!
Let's go Knicks
Paper is a great app!
with mr.jack weiss and Warm pasta delivered. But weiss ordered a mess of seafood.
Yellow Prick Road?
I forgot lol. I was sidetracked.
For all you graduating college seniors, congrats! When I graduated, we didn't have Twitter. Or cell phones.
or the ace of hearts
its ok haha had to happen, u gonna get her 2maro
Self trust is the first secret to success.
It's hard to engage with #Native communities when you have 9000 of their human remains in the basement.-Hearst Anthro Museum
where are you going dear
You ruined me! All I could think about was Twinkies the whole time I was running! lol
I'm convinced it could be both...
who is going to watch tonight.who's going to be crowned The Voice.it all goes down tonight.RT
What an incredible moment - he really loved her. "So off you go Whitney....off you go. Escorted by an army of angels."
need to leave a$ap no rocky
dont be rude :p he just, makes me nervous
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> so have you talked to your dad?
what about dogs?
There's only one more day until the weekend! What are you going to do this weekend?
Thanks Calloway's Brian Bradden for the interview and action at the expo driving range!!
#thoughtsatwalmart do i really live in the same town as these people.
Happy Birthday to Mila!!!!
's parent divorced. her baby sister died. she gets hated on. her head is still high up, its called being "strong"
To break a bad habit, drop it.
bi is bl session describes UCF's ITIL use: KPIs, SLAs, etc., in support of strategic goals
Walmart can be the best and the worst superstore ever lol.
Pre 1998 draft Manning warned Colts what would happen w/ out him "I promise you, I'll come back and kick your ass for the next 15 years."
I swat away the flies, that is your bs.
Tonights Twitter Poll (Please RT!) - Who will win a championship first? Kobe and the Lakers or Lebron and the Heat?
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
heh yeah that was good. Thanks for dinner
City fans can go back to being Chelsea fans now.
Angry --> Disgusted --> Heartbroken.
Dang, it's like a light show outside.
YAY I'm alwaya in for a margarita date!
riot in Boston?
Ha last night was unbelievable , always have those nights with these people ahh ! :)
When the Libertarian Warrior speaks of revolution, he is talking about something that is intellectual, spiritual, ideological and peaceful.
may the gears of progress never grind to a halt
Well, it was 102 degrees today, way too hot for a run! Gotta go before the sun comes up around here
Your SHRM chapter having a conference/seminar/etc? Always a FREE LISTING at HRTrainingPortal.Com
So does ToughSh*t inspire you to become a fat, lazy, slob? Or is this a book only for fat, lazy slobs?
I wish they'd stay in hiding until he agrees to exit his post. I'm afraid for my home state if he stays in office.
I know ;3
you're my official anus reporter.
I like that Santorum has gotten this far in the nomination process. It makes figuring out who at work is fascist douchebag so much easier
now lets get the a #lowertown stadium
thank you!! You as well ;)
My wife and i will be there for the 8pm show! RT : Hey Denver, I feel like meeting some tweeple after the 8pm show tonight....
Omg can this lyfe get any better. I think so... But its a work in progress
Add my facebook!! Im listed under, karissa lynn
Louis Armstrong and fresh (made by mois) Apple, plum, orange,beet, carrot, celery, and mint juice. Later the gym then......WIZARD OF CAUSE
MAYBE I CAN BE ON HOARDERS!
at least my phone isn't fucked up and can take pictures.. haha
The only thing on America's Got Talent that would entertain me is if Howard gets Nick Cannon on the Sybian.
My mom is the greatest.. She's uh-may-sing.. So blessed to have her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Heading home from work...
Hey Everyone hop over and follow they have great shows and awesome style.
bwahahaa, of course that's it!
Heyward looks like he's been playing in the mud. Adorable/Awesome. Hooray #braves!
at school workin, what's good with u
Ive nevr been the type, felt alike my connection with nikkahs that wanna fight ovr women, thats not right - Drake.
"It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see."
Getting my hips pierced maybe :-)
Awesome selection! Thanks for the Al Green!
working and am very pleased to have the evening off from because of the new hours.
there is no shame in going to bed at 9.
I just bought plane tickets to go to my own wedding! Whee!
I think I might be sad too if a 31-year-old loved one died after being in a coma for 19 years.
Hannah i love you!
What A Game. Only disappointment--the fray-ed national anthem. KY was hot! The Fray was not!
I last twittered 7 months ago. That went by really fast.
#WhenIWas13 You couldn't use the internet and the phone at the same time.
speaking of was longwell last active player to get cut from #sbxxxii ?
A syllogism: Tea is made from evergreen plants, Camellia sinensis. Evergreens are one of the heartiest plants. Therefore, tea is hearty!
Im craving a hazelnut or french vanilla coffee right now
Good job guys!
A stanley cup would be cool and all, but this is pretty goddamn awesome
Thanks, but it's a problem on Safari too. PDF used to display, but not anymore.
not hosting. Just looking at the place. I'm moving to another building. Don't want them to think I'm a slob, haha
Burned the handle on my charcoal chimney. Strip steaks medium comin up.
GIRLS LOVE ME LIKE IM ON TWITTER (:
RED hairs, WHITE crystals, and BLUE Berry's we are so patriotic!!! Come on in and see us!! :D
lol i hope so but bell, fog horn, whatver shall work. lol
brilliant book
It is incredible to me how has changed the consumer experience. Might me the most influential innovation of the decade.
Oysters in SF!
Xbox live is really evolving. Just downloaded the new manga app this makes me happy :-)
good point. that may be later today.
yeah, I'd be jealous, except that kid hates me!
Boy's birthday party today. Should be cleansing but instead we are snuggling.
Between 9th and 10th Street and Morton.
Hi everybody! This is my first official tweet :)
2 shots of rum, 1 can of bud select, and a hammer RT anybody know a cure for hiccups?
She was talking spanish to me. That shit was too sexy
our camellia re-bloomed. what is going on?
happy birthday to my friend, wish you the best homie!
Yeah, but I bet at least 100% of your fans have them.
I enjoy all of your tweets! please don't stop!
Just seen the biggest beetle I have ever seen o_0 it had a big green back UGGGHHH
Sign the pledge, shape the strategy, stand for our children
dass cool dat sounds like super fun i see u been a busy mom
Excited to see a bunch of new FUEL members from Chase--welcome to FUEL!
very upset!
Angry birds really males me mad...
I started it... Amanda finished it!) Loooool!!! Hahaaa!!!!
No, Austin's not trying to copy Justin or anything like that. Just because he covers his song, & looks up to him that's NOT copying.
Great Job tonight! Way to represent #FiberglassCity #NewarkOH and the 740! We are all proud of you, bro! Bring the Ring home!
It might be prudent to pay attention to #Occupywallstreet or we might
Love talking to #oomf(:
RT : Going to be #Awesome! #sustainability #Green #LA my biz is sponsoring 2!
Oh how I've missed my twitter peeps!
My little one is so looking foward to going to HW for the 1st time being back in the States. Parque Plaza Sesamo past 3summers
Happy moment: made apple nut bread and it all came out of the loaf pan in one piece!
Rain or shine, I will rock this #WarriorPride ! I'm glad to see so many people rockin the beads.
Blood makes the grass grow KILL KILL KILL!!!
Chilling with my homeboy
No matter what a person believes in the truth will always remain the same. There is no grey area with God.
Sigh...ABC you aren't showing me dresses. I want dresses. DRESSES!
Happy I have exactly what I need to make it through this day!This Day is Covered!Tomorrow will be covered when it gets here,I'll enjoy today
Ok blazer game traffic is not the biz....who said park on the rooftop.......
anti-archival? Maybe if archives are only about storage. This article reminds me of Delete by Meyer-Schoenberger.
“: League of Conservation Voters forum. No Again. No either.”
Just go. Nobody will notice with the robes and stuff RT Wait. I have to pee.
Now Kyla be prepared to be drooling! This nigga is SEXY!
Shuffle came up w/ great songs for July 4: Los Lobos, Son Volt, Stanley Bros, Ella Fitzgerald, Stevie Wonder, Buck Owens, Charlie Parker
TR will be missed. PS-I love your background. I have that t-shirt!
Honored and excited to be accepting a award tonight on behalf of More details to follow :)
Saturday needs to get here ASAP! Looking forward to being with my love :)
I be up, up, & away, up, up, & away cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever.
there was one at Esperanza and one at Argus Community Center. You may very likely have seen them yourself!
Sugar snap peas? Sounds delicious - I may have to try them! Sugar snap peas and I don't care! Tee hee!
I think that figure alone (willing to paying 2x to 10x more) makes me fear for the future of libs much more than any hc decision
Today was a good day.(:
Happy Hell Day. Erika Rae taught me this.
' That's my boy , we got problems like everybody else!
Is easily *the* most popular twitter person I know! Holy cow! Xoxooxxooxo!!
RT: : Go River Cats! Follow us at Share with your Followers.
RT : Without Jesus you are dead in your sins and trespasses! This is serious! Look to Jesus alone!
Updated my BandPage playlist. Remastered and re-recorded versions of Lemonade and Neverland (Freaks and Geeks) are up. Check them out!
See? You're still influencing me from afar! A fine inspiration you are.
Shitty might to go to typhoon. Thank god I'm working.
Air conditioning and an ice cold Olde English.
On a modeling job today and really loving my hot pink pedi ala
No don't use google you been watching so much porn you forgot how a sheriff's computer works lmao Reno 911
who hasn't dreamed of doing that. It's like a huge sandbox!
Haha... have fun.
has a total boycrush on , despite his incessant mocking of him. I never developed past the emotional maturity I had in third grade.
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<3 (:
Congrats on being a Product Expert for #MSTechEd!!!
I love that song
Dare to Dream. Cheers to Simplicity..
I got My Week With Marilyn Today
I fux wit all y'all following the movement!!! much respect...
Should know myself well enough by now to not eat chocolate on days when I wear white linen pants.
so far found two instances of JS Mill blatantly copying William Thompson on key topics: feminism and utilitarianism
If your mad at someone you care about you won't stay mad too long.
Come check out our spooktacular Halloween specials
What great day for baseball and you guys certainly made it complete with a fantastic performance. Thanks and Go O's!
Wow, mini earthquake! Not often you get that in Alexandria VA.
Omg, hahaha, that was amazingly creepy!
I'm in that town.
me too.
I'll never forget the Mothers Day when I saw score a hatty vs MTL with his mom in the crowd!
great job last night, Evans didn't have a chance
When did everyone become raiders fans? Lol they were all quiet until they won. Atlanta Falcons since 5th grade! Hahah
yeah it is merely an illusion and a chemical response to another person.
San Francisco Chronicle Best-Sellers May 6 - San Francisco Chronicle
Glad we could keep you company! Thanks Grace!!
So so sorry to miss. Sigh. We'll always have Portland.
Almost...just almost!
Give us this day our daily bread, supply all my needs according to your wishes.. only have to ask and you will recieve..THANK YOU FATHER!
MX Mariner Kicks Ass!!!!!!
I need ya all to follow this sexy beast right now! Tell me if ya do and I'll give ya a shoutout too!!! <U+2665>
Come join all the sexxy divas tonight
just finished lunch mtg and am off to gym b4 more writing tonight.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that wants/has to have exactly everything you do.
well I feel lonely..
I am more than just a "person" I am a strong individual that wants to be heard. You can never silence me.
dont leave me :(
this isn't even fair....
Thanks for the positive feedback - you must stop by & say hi - we are in the Social Media Cafe - hall 8b
one of the most manly performances ever given in
I bet John Boehner cries DURING sex. God, what a turnoff.
okay thanks :D
Wendy williams looks like a bronze sea monster smh better yet she look like a costume ctfu
Feels so good to get acrylics off after months being on
A panel would be great. Re: DRshow, I think there was some confusion about status of evidence.
Happy anniversary to my sweet sweet lover. 11 years of magical wedded bliss!
It can't be that bad. & Goodnight :D
So glad you're coming, we're quite excited for all these powerful women to converge on Whidbey!
Mirror, Mirror: Lagos polishes up his silver business When jeweler Steven Lagos was a teen, he worked as a runner for Wayne Jewelers and
lol this a fucked up world we live in....-
wowww....i loved yhu when I was 8, I seen yhu when yhu were in Chicago fot the Magnificent Mile..lolz I still like yhu though.
if it's in a magazine, it must be true, right? :)
Snow, snow, snow!
tour sounds fantastic! Give my best all around.
I'm off today.
Hahaha,i would have. Im sorry u had to go through that. Hope Karma kicks in for both of us!
And afterall, you're my wonderwall.
And.matt retweets something stupid! Lol
"when is she not confused?" "in her sleep?" "she probably has dreams that confuse her too" oh taylor.
People like Adam Young are amazing.
#followmerebecca Ok I guess I will if you follow me.
:D That makes me a happy lady. Hope you're doing well <3
Thank you for the kind words! :)
I'm so happy I'm getting this head done though, I just dislike the dryer with a passion
#kids Old Time Music Jam -Come listen or play! at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Tap your toes, clap your...
Nice! Got you two something from your wish list today from
No movies...dang that's messed up
#trollsohard #rangers RT : Did someone forget to tell the Detroit Tigers they had a baseball game tonight?
Come on, #amtrak this sucks. Even #megabus has wifi
Why is it that I'm the only one out of all my friends that actually tweets a lot
im so lost, my #roc trivia, history isnt too deep
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 30:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Scared out my damn mind! Why did I put this movie on lol
Why you askin all them questions, makin statements assumin
im incredably tired. i dont want to dance today.lol
Tip of the day: get a job.
#WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to make racist jokes all the time on any show
we play Sept 22
Fucking A... what I like is the hundreds of gays at the captiol... did they lift a finger or vote prior... many it's a big no
Cincy had some big, physical guys and a few super quick guards but they were no match for #mubb's tough TEAM defense and patient offense
Its better 2 tell me now wich one of u dmed him if u tell me now ill forgive u, but if i find out by myself ill ruin u here on twitter
The best way 2 destroy an enemy is 2 make him a friend. ~ Abraham Lincoln
right back at ya!
The food channel has wonderful tips for quick and easy meals. CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
Congrats again, noth'n better then having things fall in place from hard work.
no sad first day of school :(
DM me your number now.
My thumbs hurt from playing Super Mario all day
My mom driving my car right now....
. We have the same countdown going to #AD4MH. :) Yay for May 11!
Sad to miss #RSAC in person, but looking forward to all the tweets coming out of the conference next wk!
tried to SMS you sista! What's happening??
sushi is raw for a reason it would defeat the purpose of raw Dumb ass moment when ppl ask for cook sushi
what r u doing for NYears. Sorry for ur loss :-(
Picking The Tigers Or Brewers To Win It All
Brrrrrrr. A leather coat would warm me up right now
Sure! Followed her! <333 :]]
We must! How's the keyboard coming along? haha
Waiting for #Oomf to hurry up
Getting Ready for the Wisdom Course ....My first weekend is in Denver Co. I am so excited.
Here is a tentative #drozreport for tonight- has a photo art show with Jocelyn Weiss,
The internet is so slow in New Hampshire. All I get is G.
Missing my son :(
and let's clean up that speling...
wow that was amazing that rocked me too
I did my little sister hair for school, she say Neek I look like Mickey Mouse I'm not going to school
FAITH is what we all must practice learn live and embrace.
Seriously, how bad can "Mansion" Arrest really be for Barry Bonds?
hey.... What can I say! Happy Mothers Day to you! :-)
Locked in to the Clippers-Grizzlies on a Friday night? Who's on the cool check in?
another night up spent sick. this virus is baaaddd. 3 am, what to do when you can't sleep? blog :) or write in my journal. both sound good.
Life is a game of dice, and we're rolled in without a choice. Whatever outcome comes, just accept it and rejoice.
THANKS! RT : Congratulations, time to get out and enjoy the weekend! Defended my dissertation!
Team going to bed work in the am lol
WHY DO YOU CARE?
Its not too late...you can still stop by & take advantage of the $10 Shampoo & Set special 6320 Winchester Rd
"We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures." - The Dalai Lama
yea I'ma hang with my friends and family..
if enough people ask I am sure Russ will show you the awesome cover he finished for Stormchasers #6!
Whenever I think of you now, I just get pissed off.
Note Nic Volker is doing very well. He is now 7. The case I discussed who died was not nic volker.
ok thanks! and nope :/ i looked everywhere! even the refrigerator! and i emptied my whole purse! :P
honestly, the ending was a slap in the face to players. If you haven't played the games you won't understand.
I swear this girl just look at me and then checked out my cock
Effin' #Glee is hysterical tonight!!
Go penguin go watch him waddle waddle! Check out some tunes on facebook and myspace. We are bonkers
Organic Dark Chocolate with Sea Salt RT if your brand was a snack - what would it be?
Probably should started the morning off w/ a cup of coffee...
It was really really solid tonight. fyi- How about a catch up sess soon? RT: Have fun! Can't wait to hear the recap!
Ken, you always publish such great content - we can't help but share it!
Hehe I am cooking and eating what I cook while I am cooking more lol :):):):) its really good so full!!!!
The #NFL should take the money it blows on the Pro Bowl and spend it on the retired players with health problems
Camping or hotel?
Is that the same Toyota I remember? I remember it from Library Camp in 2008.
So I know all my lines up to Giants in the Sky:)
being asked for advice not a first
you better
thats funny stuff!!
#Truth!!! At least your familiar with the term "Don't shit where you eat" .....
So much dancing.
Happy Birthday Egan! way 2 #bringit RT Thanks to Joel of looks like Hot Yoga a must!! Cake, Shakes n rolls 4 bday!
At Comme Ca in West Hollywood celebrating!
#IHateToBreakItToYou But U Took A Beasty Ass L In That Fight! Nbs
got 14th for 20.6k. darren elias is apparently not as good as advertised. not too upset though. thanks for the support #wptjacksonville ...
this installation is going to have to wait. mhmmm.
What's on your bucket list?
You should swing by out Toys For Tots events the week of 11/28. Santa.
Joining at tonight's Access to Independence Gala tonight in support of Lead On honoree
nah man only the cronies u follow do.
I have major
I love being able to earn extra money each week.
RT : applying Google Refine to Dyer's Compendium and events of the Civil War, via Tufts Perseus xml. amazing.
Brady wins, he is G.O.A.T. He loses twice to Eli and the G-men, he's a goat. Discuss.
I got so desperate for #Wikipedia today that I finally went to their French website. It worked, but the information was hardly relevant.
I know it! I am looking forward to the rest of the season! (and next hopefully)
It's been a while since you've tweeted. Must be #TheGlades are coming soon. Yay!
i'm good can't complain. Still waiting on that rematch basketball game. Lol
Oh yes, of course! Congrats! :)
Working on the holiday week end,125 street and Broadway should be off early tomorrow GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
you can always sell use of your butt hole to gay guys
Why am I always late to school?
This girl pushed my crush into a pole earlier... He called her a bully xD lol
Thank you #Peyton! Class act. Sucks for #colts fans!“: Manning to Colts fans: "Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart."”
woo hooo we finally rank #1 for 'highlighter' in google :)
Ted Nugent seems to be handling being in the spotlight again really well
RAHHH. i hate commercials
Thanks for the link. I'll look at that...
we're workin on it!(:
REMINDER: In this week's #revideo chat we'll be discussing real estate video distribution strategy/tactics! Set your calendar: Weds 9pm EST.
Cool! I'm following exactly 1,000 people!
Not all evictions are the same, but when there's no lease... a 3 day notice is required before forcing someone to move out.
is in twitter jail
Coyote Tour! New road trip video is up! Bohemian Rhapsody car Jam with Sonya Jevette - SuZanne Kimbrell SuZanne Ele Ka page!
Awesome! Love all of those shoes!
Best sushi I think I have ever had Thanks, Matt!
WTF does that mean, dude? He has nothing to prove.
Me too. RT : Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
Samia, You're amazing, woman. I love you :) Follow me. Nina
Sign of the times: the new place for play dates is ur local coffee place. Kids of the future will be stunted, caffeine driven wack-jobs.
The world would be a much better place if there were two more hours in a day
LOL...I thought it was Big Black for a second...
I nearly hit a cyclist on Bankhead this morning, she was in the wrong lane headed right between my headlights-why? I share the road, really!
Grand slam by maysonet
Really, pandora? The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin? Are you trying to taunt me?!
Actually the order of things prevails. Sit behind someone, exit plane after them. Simple concept worth appreciating.
congrats to and his wife on their new baby!!!
How bad is Jenkins? He was kicked off the team at FLORIDA
I haven't heard about the April 28 rally in LA...details, please!
that made me smile :) it really did! Thankyou!
And that is what total ass whupping looks like
I don't like him anymore. I used to before he put out Rolling Papers. He just turned into a pop moron.
Hate bitches
I guess so unfortunately.
I second this!
Your children will see what you're all about by what you live, rather than what you say. ~Wayne Dyer
I'm tired of school.
Excited about hosting the campaign at the #1khomesrva is working to #endhomelessness in
should i offer money as a reward for whoever speaks the truth?
same thing lol.....and feeling a certain kinda way.... -_-
Some stone tiles such as polished granite, marble, and travertine are very slippery when wet.
Concur RT : Dear Being Awake at This Hour: You suck.
Community groups have 4 weeks remaining to sign up to win cash prizes in the Clean Community Competition. Call 311 for application
Somehow, I know it'll all turn out.
noo! Then I won't be able to see my cute self :*** lolol jk no
“: At club Sanctuary Boutta Perform In a few” good luck lil bro.. Lov you<U+2764>
EMPIRE TONIGHT 6890NW loop 410/Mr Rogers in the mixx all the way from houston. Less go!!
I'm thankful for the people in my life family friend's and #CAMP. Ya'll help me maintain my Pimpin
Ty barely looked like he was on the ice in the first...now he's cashed his second goal.
So funny.
u know ur goin to hell for that one! Lmao!
My grade in math is just going down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Make sure to check out AKPsi on campus! Formal rush begins Tues 9/6! Check our facebook or website for all important dates you need to know!
We're smiling but we're close to tears~The Scrip
Here we go
In my dream I scaled a snowy house and fell onto a street that was disconnected from the rest of "the world."
TONIGHT, visit us at www.alteatro.us in Pilsen for some LATE NITE DINNER, JAZZ and DRINKS! On the wine cellar level. No cover, jam session!
Cause we like to go BALLS DEEP on that bitch.
Pride for sure. You?
Lmao duh pizza boy!
Wisconsin's economy is broken, why make it harder for a tech college student like me to succeed?
3AM in L.A. Thanks to Petey for making it an epic night!!
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple. Only God can count all the apples in one seed
Not really their style is it, LOL
#NP "Satellite of Love" by Lou Reed.
glad that Young is back and glad that J Wall has less turnovers.
i need too eat less and start working out, i'm starting to get chubby, but i weigh the same. weird.
#RallyTime for the Tribe.... PLEASE end this!
We love lazy Sundays... what are your favorite shows to watch when you aren't #Minelabbing?
- #HungerGames is pure genius. That's what it is all about lol.
You sure leave a whole lot to the imagination.
I have a Penguin shirt on sitting front row. I'll let you know what side.
Congrats and on 10 years - doin' big things!
Thanks Miranda, I hope you and yours have a great weekend!!! ")
Very impressed by CUNY Games Network session -- last session of day kept me totally interested and awake!
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
Bread Pudding for the win.
No moon yet?
hobo bag packed. time to hit the road.
#marc11 yin and yang of leadership dovetails nicely with negotiation workshop
Le décolleté de Dominique Cantien, beurk ! Mets un pull !
lol I know luv..ur the coolest. I'm blessed! Thank ya! U doin alright?
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Listening to Meningitis Angel Grampa Dixon is speak out to protect our kids
#Mobile #Marketing Campaigns enjoy the highest response rates of any mass messaging software service or traditional #advertising methods.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Give your breakfast a boost by adding a bottle of delicious Simply Orange to your order.
what is up with the new touch with Verizon I purchased mine last week and can't use it when will the OS be up!
Thanks so much for mentioning Tony's terrific guest-post. Let me know if I can ever help you, or share my Cubs tickets. :-)
i guess lil mama
What are you waiting for? : )
I'm not the panic type but its time to panic.
ah, my git is not very strong. i don't know if i need to fetch or rebase.
Heart attack mode
Dentist @ 11:40, smack in the middle of my most productive part of the day. Someone didn't think that one through (i.e. me).
just texted you cuz it was kinda too long for twitter Haha
I'm sorry if I made you upset! That wasn't my intention to do that! If you girls still need anything you have my number love you! #sorry!:)
man sucks that show got cancelled but it is cool your trying to rock up here ! Hit me on my celly later.
awesome! Congrats.
People who read into everything you say <
Wow #clippers win. #greatcomeback Memphis won't recover from this. That comeback rates across all pro sports playoff comebacks
Y'all get ready is right! is a catalyst & Yes Plans are afoot ...preview: 1 parcel + 1 project + people power = positive change
Whats worse is theyre late and went around the corner to chill smh I hate shuttle drivers
Mama. Can I cry on your shoulder. I'm gonna miss you and Austin. Texas is going to miss y'all! ):
Thanks Lady. I'm trying!
Is it as hard for you to turn around and walk away from me & not look back as it is for me ...
YES, that's why I have Douche in my name ;)
It's my BIRTHDAY!!! Thank you god for the years you have lent me.Living and loving life.Love thy neighbor.Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heading to #caa2012 with two papers. coins, ancient world, and #lodlam!
Wish I didn't have to work today so I could go to #dayglow. I guess I'll just watch from across the street.
why they mad at me
I have a conflict on that date. Disappointed I can't attend. Will there be another opportunity to follow-up and be involved?
Ohh good, when are you done? Hope you have good plans for the summer :)
I'm more excited about that then I am about Dark Knight currently. At least until the next trailer.
No plans at 6pm? Tune into TI30. We'll have a story on the guys who lead the Timbers Army cheers on game night. TI30 at 6pm on CH12.
New York!
I think you need a professional golf career. Just what the PGA Tour needs! Or come back to Cincinnati... You pick
Thanks for the RTs!
No worries. My wife is Canadian and my friend is a rabid Sabres fan, so I'm slowly being indoctrinated.
Hahaha. Yeah i'm down just let me know when... and it doesn't matter where we eat.
I DID I DID PLZ DM HIM I'VE BEEN TRYING SINCE I GOT MY TWITTER TO HAVE HIM FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF U DID
What a great spring for the is 1st in the #CAA. is in 3rd, & in 4th
much love bro!
RT : If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search, the whole page will spin.
This has been a thoroughly entertaining baseball game thus far.
Are you attending #OAH2012? Stop by the Routledge booth and say hi! We're giving away $150 in free books to one lucky attendee!
So sad to return to the real world today
$2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub! Sweet, Sweet Nectar of Life. 113 E Juneau
Hit 'Em Up - Tupac ft. Outlawz #nowplaying BEST RAP SONG OF ALL-TIME !!!
I wanna go down to the river walk!!!! Look @ the water & take some scenery pics!
I'm not sure if I like the #devils sitting around waiting to play.
I just read it.
I'm actually a conference volunteer, and we've been instructed to collect slides on a USB key b4 each sesh. So, yes. =)
Is it #bbcon or #bacon? iPhone spell checks says the latter. M .... bacon
Courage is doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
religion really was funny tonight though
Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50.
Picked up love bug, cleaned, played playdough, baked n made Jello, some laundry, cooked
Norfolk St is playing out of their mind. They can not miss...
Do what ID channel does. Get a couple of extras to recreate the scene while someone does the voice over.
To those that went "Hope you all had a good time @ chicano park"san diego ca
This is going to be a busy week!
Have to stop cooking today! On the way to stain a fence real quick! :) Then back on schedule to continue cooking! Hope you have a great day!
Yes she does. :)
You know you're a writer when you get porn junk mail and what annoys you is the bad grammer. 'Your invited...' Ugh.
I feel absolutely ripped after working out with yesterday! I'm a bit sore too.
Despite Jeremy Lin's new found success with the Knicks, his parents are still wondering when he's going to become a doctor.
IKR!! Some ppl just piss me off cuz its ur own opinion not anyone else's and u can think whatever u want
rofl that's a good idea! I still have no idea what I'm doing though loll
ha ha really cool :)
Hey my friend how are u doing?
I need you to need me.
Getting ready to attend the Alaska Native Film Festival! If you're in Anchorage please go to the AK Native Heritage Center! See you there!
I just got an invite for #Google+...who wants in? reply and I'll send one
I have 19 brothers 16 sisters from my fathers side he is such a man whore I hate him with all my heart he left all of them in DR
pretty bored
LMMFAO you dumb as hell that's why you my nigga
Nice one, two, three inning for the #Brewers defense. Headed to the bottom of the 8th down by 6.
I often wonder: am I the only one my age still eating Ramen?
Men=Cheaters
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
no. the future of the world.... duh.
I saw what you did there.
Sometimes the best thing you could do is backoff. If he cares he won't let you go
Game Day !!
looks like Manning might land in SF now! Would've looked good in Titan blue...
I will become an uncle at any moment now! so excited. I want the music that kid hears first to be Bill Evans lol
Hmm I want to go running!
Someone convince me (not) to take my banjo with me to Cornwall.
"I have found that if you love life, life will love you back." - Arthur Rubenstein
I have One Direction and J. Bieber on my iPod
Go to Graceland!
RT : This Christmas, I am determined to have an ugly sweater Christmas party.
I really want to see this. Looks interesting.
nothin like the colorado sky!!! =) beautimus!
": will be dropping snippets in the near future !! spread the word :D" check her out, everyone must follow and see!
My word that was a fast response lol!
recognition of Hollywood spectacle junk, not true cinematic virtuosity =
u need to come to kentucky... country folks, good southern cooking, lots of trees and rolling green hills.. beautiful
good game so far! :) let's go Gators!!
I officially have Carpophobia.
Trying to figure out a name for a new heroine. Need suggestions!
Worst Hip-Hop Jobs: Jay-Z's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ... - The BoomBox
Thanks for the follow! You're background suggests that you aren't going to like the typos in my tweets! :)
why are you still using ie?
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
leaving in 3ish hours for the good life!
kind off.
“: Let's go GMEN” good luck to the NY Giants hope to see you in Indy. Go NE Patriots!
I skipped McDonald's because I am running late. Mm not happy.
I love the way Madmen is bringing 'sexy back' to vintage fashions. Your parents + Grandparents may have had the look...
Today I was just sitting around and I started to think about the concert we went to.... and I started crying. It was so amazing.
I got Montez and Fudge Necklace. Lol Still Collectin :)
Atlanta might be the worst sports city in this country.
I keep seeing fb statuses of people having something they do best. What the fuck can I do ? -__-
I'm going to see horrible bosses!
I hope you are right. I'm don't exactly wave the flag for the Lakers. Just think we see a different Gasol and Bynum on Sat
RT remove toxic people from your life - eliminate those who seek to exploit and hurt you
Agree with you that key to ongoing success of B's new strategy is the retention of Ray Henderson on the leadership team
ahaha we have too much fun ! I love it . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
US Royalty to make repeat appearance at Sweetlife. I'm excited to see both them and The Shins.
nigga, I was just about to say the same thing. So, I was wondering could I go home w/ you after game and picked up there?
Chuck norris wants george 2 win the #SpriteSlam PAUL GEORGE. DONT MESS WITH CHUCK
Had a really long day goodnite twitter friends(; (:
Don't hate on my craft
Derby day!!
I'm gonna start a religion where you are required to tithe 60% of your income on bad decisions.
He wears those a lot but always the wrong city!
That guys sitting next to magic on his left is a straight up IDIOt!!! He should just Shut up!!
What are your dreams? We have a bunch!
i do too! got more place i can look for extra copy of parent plan but i'll wait til tomm to do that.
Seriously exhausted today, after portraying an emotionally super-volatile version of Lady Montague all day yesterday! Rock and roll! :-}
THANKS! RT : i'm going to start spreading the word among local librarians, archivists, students, codeathon
OMG AUSTIN TWEETED YOU.<3
lol #bitch is getting popular. wat.
THANKS!! I still need the job. :)
Ryan thx for follow!
Sometimes you just have to let people go so they can be happy and move forward in life
it was the editing right? U really pitched a solid idea... Right?
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Reading NecoleBitchie stuff...
(I should try writing longer tweets first)
#Giro On the left soon, the very old church of Villa S. Faustino; altho the odds are it'll be hidden behind the trees.
Happy Hump Day! Oh and happy birthday :)
thats what i said but i aint gonna be usin it i got that surround sound
omg. Just finished. I'm finally caught up in your story(: <3
D2L now has over 300 employees, almost double what they had last year. #D2L11 (via )
funds are always hard to come by. Thanks to the help of #Donations!
You tell me!
Helicopter ops in area of Beaver Meadows #RMNP #LCSAR traffic referring to patient near Emerald Lake. Evac in progress.
#Thanksgiving Dinner at LiLLiES #DC Turkey dinner, salad, five sides, and dessert for just $21.95 Call today for reservations (202) 450-4824
RT $400 in concession cards,Frequent Flyer Miles, Buy Now, Pay Later for Playoffs , Loyalty Rewards Program (2/2)
I don't think they have competition
Who eva is doing music <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> i wanna give a mtf shout out to yall keep doing yall thing FWM we moving...
... My neighbors rock!!!
need to paint my nails or something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well. Age doesn't always bring wisdom. Sometimes age comes alone.
time to blaze up da bomb
good just as long as u admit it
I didn't expect to give things up but to live by the 80/20 rule-the longer I did it the worse I felt when I indulged in gluten.
Welcome and good morning back at you....
Qdoba, Starbucks n Beer
CW20 News at 10's is lunching in Lenoir City; maybe he'll meet Jeanne S., a LC resident & last night's winner of The New iPad!
because he's got swag for days
same Q ref. M. Fortun: "fast" means both 'quickly' *and* 'hardened, resistant to change.'
Reading Self-Management for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie... well... because.
Merry 1st Christmas to the little one and the rest of the family!
I'm not doing much drinking these days.
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you're sad and you've no idea why, but you just are.
MORE SHARPIE!
RT : Took the 2nd batter for the Cuzzi crew to blow a call...
Hello tweets how's your day
I never got my worst thing I've been cursed with cd that I won from you guys last summer. :c sad day!
!!!!": Sometimes you just get too caught up in the moment and don't realize what you're doing..."
well you me and have to figure out a day!
roadblocks, hurdles and seemingly insurmountable walls!
Ya girl don't show her face when we be face timing.
LMFAO OMG I LOVE YOU
It was great to see all the MAGNET agencies in Puerto Rico these past few days for the Winter mtg. Hope everyone has safe travels back!
hump day
We'll be offering parking for today's Padres game. Stop by and say hi!
I don't have to! but if i did i would do that. what if they asked you "where are you taking us?" TO GO MEET AUSTIN BRO(;
Leaving the Bay Area again and back to ... Portland... joy.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá: “Thousands of [houses of worship] will be built in the East and in the West…” #239DaysLive [1/2]
Have a insane craving for some good ginger beer or cheerwine. Mostly the ginger beer though. It burns so good.
watching Louisville vs Kentucky
Maybe the rest of season and first playoff series? RT : I bet it is more than 5
Because it does happen every day...
Have you been naughty or nice this year?
Ha. Now that's funny.
Hey just checked with sales and it will be going out tomorrow, should get an email too, thanks
Used a Yeti for her audio and a samsung video camera
#LMSunSIG How to force faculty to use new system?
u guys can come now
Go-to thesaurus website, you're killing me. All my new songs are gonna be about trimming belly fat and zombie makeovers.
Saw a young father pulling his two little kids in a wagon while riding his skateboard;-) Too cute!!!
Watching #30Rock. NOW I get the Leap Day tweets. Merry #LeapDay to us all!!
"Feed your dreams. Starve your fears."
#cookingtips Making homemade chicken stock? Use bulk chicken wings from the freezer section of your grocery store. They make perfect stock.
I miss guy on the subway<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
i will buy myself an ipod touch this summer, i want a pretty white one :)
It's not about the tax rate, it's about the incentives and breaks the wealthy get that others don't. Bottom line.
finally got the new sold page. now I need a sale to try it out!!
We had april showers on the first day of April
I can't stand SATAN!!!!
Fun fact: not many people wear skirts to Megadeth shows.
Need that new single
In fact, you didn't mention University College either.
Goddamn that robbie kid is annoying as fuck to even look at. Fuck that kid, fuck his face.
Must suck having a twin and being the ugly one
In Durango...... its freezing but very pretty and green!
Ayla slept long enough for me to get ready. gotta get dressed and eat
we need to hang out when I'm back in Nashville and you're not busy :)
can I get a copy mann
Yes !!!!! :D I will cook for you. Will you bring Nathan also ??
Awesome! I'm going to see it this weekend! :D
Preparing for tomorrow's CT State Business Plan presentation. Looking to improve on last year's second place finish!
I didn't put out much. So I left out what is now free and brought a couple of things back in.
Your pops shot The Right Stuff beautifully.
One of the best things about having Chinese girlfriend? Killer leftovers for lunch!
Catching up on days I'd missed. Reminds me how powerful is your writing, not just your art. Day5: WOW
i want and , but cant decide to have
Anyone ever notice that stand-up comics are deeply, deeply wounded people? This is in line with my theory that all clowns are sad clowns.
Sometime I feel people do stuff to make me mad.
contest was on Facebook. Hit us up over there next time.
Getting my first aid and CPR. Should have done this a long time ago.
#1k1hr at 9am US eastern. I know, I know, I should just loop this tweet but I'm hooked.
I'll help trend it!
Aw, shit. DMX is about to make me cry.
Awww they somehow look even spikier!
So should I make a new world for 1.8 or wait for 1.9?
Things I learned about my job today: 1. LJ was founded by Dewey, Mr. Decimal himself. 2. He believed in simplified spelling.
Bison did you set your clocks back this morning?
I sure do hate me some Dustin Pedroia.
Macho Nacho for lunch!
I am celebrating my birthday, life, my life, celebrating the wonderful beings in my life... that includes YOU. Thank you! Thank You. ~Shanna
I loved studying romeo and Juliet!
More Van halen tickets, the montage at 3:37! Good luck! JK
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
All Library of Congress holdings can be available through adaptive technology for the blind and physically handicapped.
Instagram lol. I was being lazy
Im Finna Chase This Cheese .... RightNow
Glenn Dick is a big beck.
Max got 8hrs of sleep. Woot!
honestly, Jets fan here.. Don't wanna talk about their season though haha. I was pumped to see the Giants beat the Patriots.
Hey, I wasn't totally unproductive! I fiddled around a bit w/ the interface I'll be using in my new volunteer job as webmaster for a friend.
thought I knew it but was wrong....
lol funny pic I love vampires diaries
Love you more!!!
“I think a smart woman can sell the average man anything,” Leo Burnett
Took the family to see the lights at George Jones' house last night. Thanks, George & Nancy!
Welcome to twitter Mom :)
Damn those two new AC songs are the shiznit! Getting that 7 soon!
food time mit book
Is that Black Manta or "their fallen comrade" Aqualad? First 3 minutes haha
Yes! This Janet interview will finally air in a few minutes. I believe it would be appropriate to take my sedative now.
at ur house bro ...
Don't walk away boy. My love won't hurt you. Don't walk away boy. Ink be right there for you!
The Kings r gonna learn what the Hawks did Phx just hangs around then bores u into a sleep & then they strike
AND its the special edition!
Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982 – in pieces – then shipped to the Keys to be assembled?
stop it you're making my ass jiggle!
#EmoTweets call you later!
I wanna go somewhere today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
false alarm - someone bought the wrong brand of bagels and a disgruntled employee must have pulled the fire alarm.
you're welcome and thanks for the RTs!
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps On the Turning Away- Pink Floyd
Slideshow: Boost your productivity with these 8 mobile apps
Can't believe that TVD season 3 is almost over they always suprise me 2days episode was great hope fir a season 4
Highschool, the best and worst 4 years of your life!
I can't help but think minute made orange juice is made up of two things; pure sugar and orange food coloring
RT - there is no way in hell there were patriots fans outside of the New England area before brady was QB
i wanna live in a country where sneezing in someone's face is customary
This Friday we are hosting Harold Night in the DCT Come join your buddies in "them."
thank you!
what award did you get?
School tomorrow
Yes let's hang please!
I have a hot date tomorrow! I'm so excited! He's such a gentleman and a sweetheart! #HAPPY!
you'd be amazed. I'm actually rather well behaved.
Thanks for your handy app!
I have a date with ibuprofen and the heating pad. Do I know how to have fun or what?!
It was the little GIRL'S room, byron. Duh. This is a sad story, though.
had much fun last night with the boys. they don't know it, but they're the reason Im so cool.
are u working?
And thanks a million to for partnering w/ We're so honored and excited to work with you.
Or suffer from soberism. RT With around, we will never starve!
Closet & dresser packed! I was a genius to pack my "maybe wear" clothes in suitcases. They're packed yet accessible.
i hope so to , and i really dont know .
Gettin ready 2 hit on some drums....
Sad when NBA fixes dunk contest
RT : "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
Running late to
Rehearsal, rehearsal, gig, then home to work on a scoring project... sounds like an ideal day to me!
RT : #kidscasting keep the germs away so your kids won't miss a casting call http ...
Long season. Hang in there!
easiest answer ever, GHOST ADVENTURES!
#NoTwitterNick your my favorite biology Buddy ever! <3
So here is the part of Kalamazoo (or any big conference) I dread: I am terrible at facial recognition. There is about a five minute lag.
The only person who can control your life is you. Therefor you shouldn't live for ANYONE else.
Art-pop
Drinks on the patio (hopefully) in T- 30 minutes
So I just noticed it snowed a ton outside...crazy
Suns/Nuggets game saturday for me...I don't know anyone that plays for the Nuggets anymore
too bad I'm in SA :(
It's annoying to me that people even think they'll win. Doesn't it raise your blood pressure for no reason?
eh? whats wrong with you? (obviously I get that this means CAT scan...)
hi guys! im so sorry i havent been tweeting much, been really busy! how is everyone? :)
Lawyer makes a good point about Hilliard homes.
- The top of next inning in right field would garner much appreciation.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines. Stanislaw Lem
lol aww thank you boo, I followed you back
I will not be attending but will be there!
Got a nice collection of pics today, ill post tomorrow, bout to pop in a flick an get money fuck it
RT this if you think your to cool to go trick or treating so you just scare little kids haha
RT _bryanacee: follows me. You mad ain't you (;
does not want what he hasn't got.
It's all good If you think about it, and you can laugh about it, It's all good.
The ultimate solution to work/life balance is not escaping from work but living the way you want to work. Are you?
RT : Ordered our electric upright bass for . Stay tuned for more updates on next week's Jazz Shabbat!
Actually his/her name is Charlie.
RT : We're looking for a new web/print design intern. If interested, send us something to look at
I'm from Canton, Michigan. I moved here from Georgia about eight years ago. Have you lived there all your life?
Nigguh.. you don't know.
go ride the go-karts at coney island
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare Drum.
Oh, dear. Feel better!
hi! Thanks for the followback!! :-)
What the fuck is goin' on?!
Have a very nice Valentine's Day night! <U+2665>
What's wrong with Person of Interest? I love that show.
since day 1!
BOUT 2 STEP MY TWITTER CAME UP
He gonna goo say "Sydney With The Fat Ass" Lmfao
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
Yeah it sucks. You turn the page every six words. But I've been desperate!
So over members of the Heat putting feet in their mouths
I'm so proud of you for doing schoolwork mostly everyday. =) #RickyKingOfSwag <3
Cuz That right there is just cold-hearted .
wow how interesting, innovative and useful. I will spread the word and RT. our clients could use this. hope u can too!
& My boo needs to wake up already .
Why thank you!
email me :
I love the fact that me remembering the smallest thing makes you happy. Guess I'm doing something right as a woman :) <3
just checked out the app...it seems awesome
WEDNESDAY WHY U NO FRIDAY!?!?!?
If you're looking for the easier, softer way- smile! It takes 43 muscles to frown & only 17 muscles to smile :)
Me too.
Steve Toure received a bronze medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Lower Level Exam.
Making plans to see Gran Torino tonight. I'm hearing ole Clint was cheated out of a Best Actor nomination. We'll see. ;)
If mayweather lost nobody would talk to beiber again lmfao.
I had my voice teacher tell me to speak through my vulva. Talk about your lip service.
I might be bipolar. I go from fuck everything to love everything faster than a ray of light.
he's here until friday.
Thanks to #CWA the hashtag #corporategreed is the number one promoted hashtag trending worldwide
Is going to post content to iTunesU because that would be totally sweet.
Got me some pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Ali G said it the best "Keep It Real"...loll
AWKWARD MOMENT: When you watch your loved one fill out a DISABILITY FORM And for "Type:" (writes) EMOTIONALLY #WOW! #UGH **sigh** Like ·
oh okay, we would love to write a piece on you.
Supertramp "It's Raining Again" equals awesome
any of you lovely librarians out there have handy access to ISO 18934:2011 and are willing to look up one little factual tidbit?
absolutely right Coach Czes
At least zombies are fun to knock off!
I'm totally being bullied by a house finch...
Are you rehabbing any deals?
my mom said yes about the pictures. When can we do them?
THANKS for the RT!!!
Driving past a car in flames just feels dangerous.
. you ought to be kissing the WH's ass you're not behind bars, cowboy. oh, and fuck you.
I hit my 2,000 limit. I need more FOLLOWERS. Follow me please so I can follow more peeps. Thanks. Chynna Girl
The tide is high but I'm holdin on. I'm gonna be your number 1
AutoBots are the NEW traffic generation tool.
ew. dont talk to me if you like them.
1d Please Follow Fans possibly this One :D i love you guys lots<3
Flu shot clinic today in room UL1126 from 1:00 – 3:00pm. It is free to all IUPUI faculty, staff, and students. Bring your JagTag.
TMZ trivia tonight at TC Hooligans in Greece at 9pm with
I can only deal with one douchebag at a time. Take a number.
I wish you're tweets were as good as your goaltending.
All of the profile snippets (the bios) read oh-so-similar.
#WhatHurtsTheMost Being Ignored by someone you Love.
So... How are my little #nickasaurians :)??
I'm so sorry! Why did they make this rule?? new rule?<---Yup, no media members can play events this year.
Thanks for making #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! You have made the Holidays warn! <3 youu
aww I'm sorry about your laptop. whats wrong with it?
The finish line will be at the opening of the FOE International Convention July 8, 2012, in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Ghetto in amor ah
just my luck, I have a class that night.
Why do kids think that White Americans are Americans and Black Americans are not Americans.
Answer from Yesterday! : You would get.. "Boston baked beans and brown bread."
I always get nervous when someone says "What's that smell?"
It was me...lol
hello and welcome to twitter :p
anyone wanna go to the fly?
Wishing I was with him:(
So tierd of hearing about my family getting accepted to huge universities. And me only getting accepted to Ivy Tech. Thanks guys
Starting to see more and more "text me" signs for Realtors. If you're not using text messaging to sell homes you'll be left behind.
Me in WW2.. General: "Why are you running?" I said, "I'm running because I can't fly!"
I guess. Do u actually like pancakes?
Awesome weather in #WestlakeVillage over the weekend. Working on #Facebook Fan Pages, SEO and Joomla 1.7 template designs this week.
Wow leading at the half.
It's so beautiful outside! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE> I'm trying not to waste it. :)
“: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there. So I let go and fell hard ..... #oops” i just read this again and lol'd
Cool. I'm wasted and no one wants to hang out.
are there no protests happening?
Found out Austin is in the top 3 markets for bourbon (with NYC and San Francisco). Wow. Central TX loves the food stuff.
loved me some seven flavor chicken but still can't wait to try
Is it fair for a guy who doesn't see Garcon at work everyday like Kravitz to then question Garcon's effort?
all u artist rappers and singer
": If you did not watch two people with totally different beliefs duke it out...today you were not me." I would've been involved
Hey so why did the drooling Scott Forestall sell 95% shares in Apple? Somebody maybe signal he wasn't going to rise to CEO?
MB IS ON BTW
Pres #Obama and PM Netanyahu admit to “differences”. Michele Dunne will assesses the impact of today’s talks on the peace process
Speakers that will be on the Entrepreneurship panel-
UPS needs to step up their game
Most definitely!
leave my shortness alone and... I've lost a follower <|3
Namma Metro station will also keep the flag flying high - The Hindu
Love the new profile photo here on Twitter, my friend! :)
you're freaking gorgeous! #Puuurfect (:
Visit LA's Chinatown for traditional Moon Festival Sat Night under the full, full moon. Lots going on during festival.
I'm in a New York state of mind. NYC specifically. Geronimo!
at least Ryan didn't GIDP
"What does not destroy me, makes me stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche via
Shout out to the homie today. I know it's going down.
So everybody, What makes someone worth following on Twitter?
Looking for an executive assistant to work in our promotions division. You will be able to be very creative and put your own stamp on many …
Great to introduce Wider Wake to Ty McMahan of
thats what i screamed! i guess they built a nest by my window and im laying down listening to music and they attacked me!! lol
I am going to see that. Now I'm super stoked about it!
oh man!! what's good it been a minute!!
Remember that time when I had the biggest crush on ? Yeah, me neither. ;) Gosh, it seems like a decade ago.
We've got 24 people coming over today - lots of cooking left to do!
Twistiis made in the USA factory is up + running! Request your sample Twistii at stylists skip the hair pins + Twistii!
could a huge fan get a rt
What is up with the game misconduct Call I mean how is it assessed is it automatic on hits to the head or a refs call
still rather sign Moss or Plaxico to a 1 year deal,theyd have alot to play for, chance to prove worthy of big time $ 4 last time
not DLP? I'm ashamed :P good job though! I love you :)
Congrats on the One Year anniversary, We will be there for the second and the next one! Great success is headed for ya'll!
"It's not a fanny pack. It's a bro-sack!!!"
(via ) Good luck! Hope everything goes well!
Somebody save me
General Admission purchased online needs to be redeemed at WILL CALL. VIP ticket buyer can use the VIP parking entrance
YOOOOO!!! IM BORED
Reality is an illusion caused by alcohol deficiency!
RT from Iran: militia in streets of tehran all night trying to scare ppl RT
Good luck to your baby today!
i am always here for you remeber i am your mommy lmao :)
Jeff's right. I was there for that.
I'm all for capital punishment after observing how Texas people drive.
Can't sleep. Too much hustle in my brain.
Sick to my stomach from this ND game...gotta be shittin me
Wiener story keeps getting bigger. In related news, The Beaver opens wide this weekend. Could this week get any more infantile?
Ery Day All Day, contact me. I wanna talk!
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
Dear North Carolina - When you make Virginia look progressive, it means epic fail.
almost done with the part :)
u sho rite
Watching someone get a tattoo. I don't think I could get one. But they're cool.
"well, THAT was a delightful commute to Jersey City." - sentence that has never been said in the history of the world.
That's a stop Theodore needs to make. // RT : #njDevils back in it, score :48 into the 3rd #FlaPanthers 3-1
I HATE CERAMICS SO MUCH.
hahaha. Justin Bieber is a 51 years old Pedophile :)
you know when you have a bad feeling about a customer... and then you're right. ugh
Need to move into a better place internally. Prep to do and job to email to the team. Oh and packing...ugh
Bathroom cleaning: my idea of fun after the kids go to sleep.
Count me in for a home version of Say-N-Play as a twitter party prize!
What do u miss most about playing at UK? # BBN
I have to admit, my eyes closed a bit in 3OT, but they were WIDE open for game winner! Deliriously happy + tired!
LIVE w/ a BAND Sept. 30TH @ Universal Bar&Grill.
2 weeks until pitchers and catchers report to #SpringTraining... The countdown to #OpeningDay begins!
#FF TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS! SORRY I AM PRESSED FOR TIME LOVE YOU AND APPRECIATE YOU ALL XOXO
Love seeing the back and forth between and the #OccupyPDX folks.
my grilled cheese sandwhich >>>>
Casino Night Tips -Serve your drinks in appropriate glasses that match the drink contents For example, use martini glasses to serve martinis
Whenever I see Ron Paul, I always hear "Smithers, release the hounds" in my mind.
We love sexlena
It is a joke.
sounds awesome! Looks awesome!
This is a horrible rendition of the Star Spangled Banner...
Bezerky Jerky. Slogan: You got beef? Dont be a jerky.
lower tax bracket?
credit card just arrived in the mail. My bank account needs to recover, but it will be swiped soon enough.
just released a new video "Who r the chili chicks" c it @ chilichicks.com on the home page
Sometimes, it's just "What, do you got me on a fuckin' pay-no-mind list kid?"
wep all you can do is come over one Sunday and check it out. I'm not on the team so I don't know how they pick songs
Thanks! So happy to see it finally go live.
WTF is going on with Bucz!!! I hope u know your playing the Colts with Curtis Painter not
Right Like You Cant Find Another Tweet Like That! My Tweet Dominates! xD
Thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!
30 min. song, never heard of ...
I like how the doc on Bethany is wearing sea sick stickers
or starbucks
too hard on a book for someone to upload it somewhere and get it free! Many of us are trying to educate to buy and not pirate
Thanks to all my new followers!
Thank you Milwaukee Vegans for all of the re-tweets, comments and pictures! Keep them coming for our #veganweekend 4/6 and 4/7.
the newt and romney neocon show. Great job!!
RT : RT : Your favorite rapper's favorite rapper. #BehindTheMusic is replaying NOW on ! #illmatic (Classic)
T-minus 15 minutes to the first rev... really hoping these guys nailed it.
Top HARO's for the day: "Casting 'Dogs in the City' (cbs)" and "Are you dating a Zombie (national site)"
Holy shit, told me about the Haiti earthquake right when it started. Thankfully he's okay.
Let's sign a petition to get her back. RT : Ya know what? I miss
congrats! Let's repeat this win on April 19th Suns vs Clippers!
do you have an email address?.. Thanks Lee
hm come let me find out
At Refresh tonight and posting on Twitter? Tag it #mobileoranges!
Off to West Palm Beach to juggle some fire and make some balloons!
This is awesome! Thanks!!
You make the call Damon....what ever you like I'll bake!
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber & a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque.
Well, surprisingly I had a pretty good day at school. :) :b
So how you gonna kick it?
yeah that's wats up ...hey bro might've found my new place today !!
working on a marketing plan for a book on Texas seashells. Fun!
yes i am a little pissed off atm
well hopefully i did good on my presentation D:
Right on!!!
gueSS WHO FOUND HER EASTER BASKET LMAO ME
Hope that's a #ZingZang mix!! Either way, cheers!!
Ever wanted to just scream ur heart out? -_-
YES! YES! YES!
I'm totally in #Missouri, #RadioSilence for 5 days.
Somethings baby never told you, somethings papa never liked.
RT : What's dumber, a guy slightly fudging his resume or anyone thinking Yahoo is a real company?
thanks Jonathan
shame on you #Obama how CAN u appeal to the female gender? ;-)
if only I was so lucky
sorry guys if i don't follow u right after ur following me,it's just i use my cellphone to connect to #twitter,it doesn't work sometimes=)
- Congrats & good luck to Chris Jones this weekend at the 2012 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Koksijde, Belgium!
what?! I want to hear all about this, it sounds amazing
If you can read this, then be grateful that you are not in jail. #twitterinjail?
One day , you'll return. Like Usher says , let it burn.
Is it drink-thirty yet?
lol word he pussy. jus take it.rather bron miss than chalmers
Holy shit theres alot of things I have to do June 2nd
Are you enjoying it? (cc: )
Colts hire Pagano and the Ravens picked up....Caldwell....seriously? Good luck with that Baltimore.
Birmingham tonight!
hey just found $100K in the budget that is being wasted, In Misc Expenses for Independent Auditors, it is obviously wasted
Sorry 'bout that. I might have overloaded their system - I sent out lots of invites ;-)
nice reflective post-we all need 2reflect-hard 2keep forward momentum-change comes so fast, hard 2manage it-my vote-yr doing gr8:)
i'm stuck in a city but i belong in a field.
Haha I think it is funny when you hear a phone go off in the store and everyone stops and checks their phone all at once.
Thanks Jeff. 1/5 second handheld :)
Dear I miss you.
Thanks for the kind words. Nice to see you and glad you enjoyed the course.
Have a great weekend!
Do you need #Relationship #advice? Just ask Lynne: www.AustinOnTrackCounseling.com
Given the answer LADOT gave me, it seems like it's not a priority...more letters. More press.
Please welcome Music_Is_Lif to the Max life
Hey Steelers fan at least y'all got a "TERRIBLE" towel to wipe y'all tears.
“: Today is the last day on twitter....follow to stay in touch
I hope the power doesn't go out! Oh that's right the #generator has our back.
My short film "Horror Movies Suck" won 'Best Horror Comedy Short' at Shockfest and Melissa Vilardo won for 'Best Editing' at Mockfest!
Thanks and you too!
Does anyone know where I can get some parsley? I asked the Sayge but it Dunno either...
Dinner and a movie with the parents. Nice Friday night. :)
The cool thing about my Africana studies program was that we had a solid foundation of the "canon of literature" in that field
I say fuck those folks. Releasing an album is very far from being disrespectful.
Energizing & filling up brain power Children's Hospital w/ breakfast! #goodmorning!
please be fair and compare scottsdale women with milwaukee women. thanks.
Great spot!(: up 2-1 in the second in OKC.
yes it has lot more about to chango
is a fantastic organization comprised of creative professionals helping one another with their endeavors. Addt'l details soon!
ah thatd be awesome! Ill deff make moves lol thanks so much :)
Ned, I made ur bio by cutting/pasting from ur website. If you need change,send me revision and I will post asap ;)
NO. JUST NO.
Feel free to use a picture of me as your prof pic.
Used book jackpot #2 @ Princeton Day School thru this wkend. From Otis Spofford to To Kill a Mockingbird. Love it!
Eating @ Chick-fil-A w/ my 3 most favorite people in the world! I love them!! ;-)
You know what, forget you. I'm done with you. There's no reason to stay in touch with you anymore.
oh lord lol
are you responsible for lubbock listening to us? i know you had a great run down there; wondered if you were spreading the love.
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 30% students found iPad distraction or would avoid another course (15%) only want etexts in a few classes
Seeking motivation from a bag of chips.
not really bro. People used to get married at 13,14,15 . And in the bible is there an age limit for love?
Back in Houston, Texas. I had a great break from school. I did study a little bit. Now, it is time to chill and start it all over again. :)
come & see me on a day when Catherine's working from home and you can get two meetings for one!
Can anyone else see the Heat pulling a Pistons vs Bulls if they lose this series? Walk off court in last game with time on clock?!?
Performing at a house partying this Friday night! =D
our pleasure! hack and snack
S.Africa recalling the 1.35M condoms handed out at 100th bday party of ANC. Questioning the 425M handed out annually.. Inexcusable
LOL he is like an Icon
people were giving out codes like candy on christmas yesterday, and you do a contest?
you be singing 'im sexy and I know it's love you Bieber
To understand healthcare issues read TR Reid's book, The Healing of America. It's a great book that'ill open ur eyes if you open your mind.
Did #Rangers rainout in Baltimore just cost us a Wilson - Darvish matchup on Friday?
will never understand #anime ..
I would like to join me in debating Let's make this happen.
love ya midg
wow congrats!!! I represent a few country bands here in Rochester!!!
Just read that Paris Hilton article. WHY????? Even Afrojack can't save that trainwreck.
I was wondering what happened to you. Welcome back!
RT : Pyrotopia is TODAY! Kids' activities are indoors from noon-5pm -then, go have dinner and come back at 8pm for the main event.
Thanks brother
Mary Astor takes a star turn as a B-girl in the 1948 film noir Act of Violence about a WWII veteran's fatal redemption on a dark LA street.
I will deliver!!
"It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Someone remind Harper, he's not allowed into the Octagon tonight (rumored to be there), won't sign rematch vs bat
: always sir, always ;-)
She Doing Her Thang So I Mite As Well Do Mine!
I think the new tagline should be, "Delta. We'll make 'em fit."
I have a very strong love of Chinese culture and the people.
Today is going to be a #shitshow. I can feel it.
Well sitting in computer it is a boring as ever but going to justin bieber sites now oh ya
Grillin some steak & planning a trip...
I have 2 games next week!! (:
supp!! Amanda.im back.
Thanks! RT : Creative Network.
no cause I will partt with you since like the other girls arwnt really my friends anymore. At least we don't talk
Just dont know anymore
Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv
Great hustle by dwade
That French dude is really great at making faces but, give Brad the gold!
How are you so beautiful and remain so humble and down to earth?
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
Palmer, Campbell, Leinart? Wow, if this were 2006 Oakland would have an incredible QB situation...
Wow, lots of new inkjet printers being shown at Drupa2012. Collins has been formulating and mfg inkjet inks for 22 years! Visit us 15-A03-5
Great meeting you Arash, I will get your email from Dan to "officially connect" haha, keep up the great work @ ESPNLA!
hi Stephen hope you have a fabulous day :---)
I put my faith in you, so much faith and then you just threw it away.
you're the man!
John Lynch says continued newsroom cuts are transition to new delivery platforms; college grads vs. old-school journos.
Sounds like flying local makes more sense to me.
in Finland, right?
yeah, i clicked the link earlier and it took me to a different story. pretty cool though. i bet he's got a pretty big ego now tho
Spent a day in my hometown, now I remember why I never moved back...
There needs to be a way to explain to Pandora to not play any music from an artist after a certain year. Lookin' at you,
every single president of the US has been a citizen. Your confusion seems to be what constitutes a "natural born citizen"
Freezing though it be, #TILTS DH starts on schedule tomorrow: a workshop and then keynote lecture by Laura Mandell. Austin folks: come out!
totally stoked to see the season premier of #DoctorWho tonight! The Doctor comes to America--can't wait to see him sporting a Stetson!
Well, it wasn't me. I'm curious about the cause.
I wonder how is doing.. #bitchisprobablysleeping <3
I'm in...have to wait to get home on the ipad though. I can't play that game enough lately.
Whenever. You know I'm a loser. I don't do anything.
Very interested in your products.
#GOP has launched a Civil War "INSURRECTION" against our U.S. Constitutional #DEMOCRACY w , #turdblossom , #kochbros Kriminals!
If you ever hear the classic song "my girl" on the radio, immediately start punching it. That's how you fight the temptation.
A cogent dystopia would have complicity & consent on the part of the potential tributes. Volunteers would line up like me buying a ticket.
“: 1 day for your Mother, 364 for your pizzas”
what's his is mine what's mine is his... That's how we do.
I connected AIM with gchat - then was bombarded by old high school friends that apparently still use it?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW :D ! I LOVVE U !!
When guys bite their lips. #SoHot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Joshua Redman was born today in 1969. He won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Sax Competition in 1991.
We did a cue-to-cue meeting yesterday...hope you are mentally prepared to wear the headset.
no, he's joking about it. Only the bruggs thing bothered him the first time I said it about his hair.
By a NICE crazy lady....
breaking down data concepts, starting with "John and Jane used the same data" and dissecting meanings therein
i miss Jonathan Drewes and Nick Ramirez :(
her liquids drying up
I am thankful for every year I have lived, every day I experience, each moment in life. You know me as "Forever Happy & Eternally Grateful"
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
rattle snakes, bees . . . what's next. What did you do to piss off mother nature?
he's got a great story... check his wikipedia page!
A1 styles All natural thursdays.. $30 braids, twists, flat iron.. check out A1 styles on Facebook 916-304-2663
Hiya! It has been awhile huh? What's happening with you???
RT : Used to be a fan. Not anymore.
she bad
yep - so, any hidden messages in the version you worked?
The Cougars were all tailgating in the RV lot as visions of a new Martin Stadium danced in their head... #gocougs #regents stadium vote
Perfect weather for Evening at Gropius
We've entered the crying baby stage...fun!
Mayday Time!! Wish was here!!
I have seen so many hateful comments today its ridiculous. they are idiots plain and simple
*tomorrow* This is now, we not slandering Boston so why stick up for them???
HUNTER!! I wish I could see you tonight in Nash! I'm out seeing Lee Ann Womack this wknd, but sending a friend 4 me, c u soon!
What you are trying to be, not what you were, is all that matters.
I'm Great! How about you? :)
It was WOW! Smelled very tart with lots of cherry and booze, but it drank smoother than any Mad Elf I have ever had. Loved it!
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE 2 promo songs. Follow & DM us!
ewww....it's getting nasty outside
Plus I got third honors and they forgot to say my name.
Excited to finally eat at this Sunday!! Thank You for drinks and dinner in advanced from the front desk girls!! :)
ME ALSO.
omg hahahah me and andrew just watched this. That was so funny.
at this point my service with them acts up anyway. Tired of paying and they go up whenever they feel like it.
so what we smoke weed !
Cray, yolo, swag are the most annoying words ever.
Up Early for skating :)
it was fun!!!
Is your xbox ok? :-P
Off to the gym, then reading some scripts, casting for a project, then back to the gym. Everyone have a wonderful and productive week!
Have youu experienced the Legendary Zucchini?
Internet Power Workshop with Dmitry Shapiro re-scheduled for October 9th 9am-12pm at ARTS. We hope that you will still be able to attend!
So, THE WIRE is not about tightrope walkers in the circus. Bummer.
Barnhart: "It takes a village to implement RDA"
Tattoo artists' convention this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
Feel like I worked super hard today . I got everything done my boss asked me to do...
“: I'll take post-punk over post-PC any day.”
well I love you <3
That's great. Look forward to your tweets. Take care. Roman
I know nothing about downtown but there are a million good places to eat. Depends on where you'll be.
lol asking all them questions
I wondered how it managed without support materials. Thanks for the offer...I'd love to come check it out!
don't wake me up from a nap. you'll regret that shit.
Taking a nap at 6pm, waking at 10pm, then being sent back to bed because its a school night-.-
Looking forward to Next show.
there ya go lol
how so?
My brother Ryker is going for first, weight 220, in the #Kansas Folkstyle Championships!
Sorry about the crazy tweets... Damn hackers, my twitter must be special because this is the third hack in 2 months...
AT least jemi and bigrob are trendy topics
i know she says she loves me but does she really mean it?
LMAO! i'm actually working on launching a new product with chris. he sends his regards.
Focus on your presentation and the astonishment will come naturally.
Can't wait for the talk show tonight!!!
A New Year's Eve Celebration in #Gray #Maine? Who knew? Reggae band Brand New Mixture 9pm @ White's Cue Connection, 19 Portland Rd. 657-2266
What makes a business suitable for factoring? simple, non contractual debt that is easily proven.
Which #international education tech innovator would you like to hear from at the #NAFSA11 Technology Open Forum?
Take your lunch bunch to Check out the cool fish tank while you're there.
Sub-Mason Dixon Line Series?
Class of 2012! :D Here at #WMHS Graduation!
at work tripping with
Natural Wisdom, that comes with age.
yes theres a stain on my pants
Friday night gym session.... legs, shoot me
did take afternoon and took em to the zoo and we've played Apples to Apples and word on the Street tonight- that's big for me:)
What the hell can you do with a $2 gift card anyway
It don't mean a thing if you ain't got that SWING...Beginner LESSON 9pm<U+2192>Open DANCING 9:30-midnt! Claire de Lune's Ballroom(No.Park) $5-8pp
hello from SoCal and thanks 4 following.
Had so much fun!!! I love the performance!!
Did anyone else wake up a 3am and take a waterfall SLAM?
has got to be a future great beard of history. His roles is historical dramas are second to none.
ANTM continues to provide all kinds of material for this #ascj Communication and Culture course.
Is it not still? HOW LONG HAVE I BEEN ASLEEP? (see? we didn't do coma schtick before! #progressive)
yeah for sure bro, we'll get on the court soon
LMV in the house tonight!!!
Frustration should not be taken out on fire extinguishers
No problem, man. Keep up the good work.
dude, I found ur twitter name on the back of a seat, on a chicago bus! Lmao
conversation with a Macquque with a mowhawk. He said billy idol is rad.
Doing Damage Control..the one thing I do better than anyone..
I think the word is 'pupusas'.
even with rose there whackk son! #LeBron all day
try it again as it should work from anywhere and I have tested on my end. keep me posted
where's the "like" button?
idk u seem cool
Watching Pettite pitch in Rochester game is packed
10 minutes until the 5k in #Dallas! Always fun people watching opportunities at races.
Rob, you were correct 1st time it's movie!!
Dick in a box
omc!!i need videos of this cant find the web to see livestream of it..help!!! :(
We hire! Interested? Send your stuff to pedro [at] quotidianventures [dot] com.
Do you guys need a volunteer Twitter/Internet Marketing person? I own integratedinternetmarketing.net -
If the sun refused to shine... I would still be lovin' you...
Jeeezz at least we won yesterday! #Seahawks where you at! Had that #bartab going before the game! Let's get it again this weekend!
Great idea, I'll pass it along.
i'll go if you'll go!
watching The View...chatting with the YENTAS LOL CAN'T WAIT AGT XO
Every relation ship starts with one word. "Hello :)"
v self-serving, but definitely amusing "No Regrets" - Ace Frehley's autobiography. The pix are the best part.
lmfao! Oh what tha fuck?xD that is weird....that's trippy acutally. Could you imagine if viginas did have faces?D;
Seeing one of you parents naked <<<< *_*
oh okk :) haha how's it going? I haven't talked to you in forever
Tylers team loses 2nd game.. at least they scored some runs this game
Robby Pinstripes will be BETA testing their new Karaoke Library 'on your phone" tonight at Vintage.
defaults get old fast
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
need new followers check out www.getfollowersandlikes.com and receive 500 free followers w order. Mention Twitter.
Shazam can't touch any of the stuff on
2 months n 25 more days I will be in my own apartment!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I just gotta keep stacking this paper <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>!!
;0) nice print!
So mama always asks me why I don't slide during a game. Well, 1 its awkward and junk and 2 6"2' is a loonng way down!!
really wish I was there! I really loved the Forum presentation 2012 in NOLA
I'm at the Gomez concert thanks to and and the - love you all!
well at least I wasn't replaced by a chicken :)
I have a potty mouth, get over it
I know. it's ridiculous at this point.
how is your day going? :)
wait, so did he ask you to yo prom? (:
appreciate the yelling match over the Redskins QBs between a guy who played football and two blowhards who never suited up
You ain't shit and that's truth! Real talk that ain't no lie!
My mom has commented on the video of my SAA presentation on fb. It includes the phrase "Not criticism, just feedback!" CLASSIC.
Free Community Day @ SECCA this Saturday, Aug. 13. Event from noon to 5pm. Break dancing demos, art projects including robotic art. Come.
Glen Helen
ball park franks or chipmunks - you choose
hope you had fun, sorry bout Feel better broh
One can only dream. But realistically I would need to hang up some paintings or something on the walls.
I'm a book junky, page turning fein. Still reading Zora & thinking of my next read. Next up: Zen and the Art of Running.
ill marry you(;
We just redid the logo. Our's is cool. Thanks for the suggestion.
That sounds like bullying! Off to the re-education camp with you!
New merch is up! Check our facebook to see it :)
ill hit you up. you gotta come out to one of my shows
That was a real kick-in-the-nads kind of loss ...
Girl me and you both I wanted to jump in it right in the store.
"it's nonsensical and irrelephant"
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman. - Homer (The Simpsons)
is it the work of a company of actors or a writer or?
everyone is a bad driver at some point in their life, so calm the fuck down while driving IDIOT!
No problem. And thanks for the quick reply to my question about learning Photoshop.
are you send me a DM? Sorry, I can't see it.. :|
seriously. chicagodesignarchive.org needs you. we'll teach you everything you need to know. get involved. dm me.
she's good peoples & u doing your thang I luv my chi town peoples that's on there grind
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks Thing'
think it would be first time nole and fed ahead of rafa. sorry, misread question, will butt out now!
Oh yeah... and definitely
good to see y'all at Crs let's write again soon
Perfect. We'll see ya there. Looking forward to the blog posts :)
National Brewers Assoc established U. S. guidlines for judging. English traditions notwithstanding, the range is 'up to 5.1%'
Will do. I'm sending an email to Jobs right now... your check should be in mail soon :)
I'm obsessed with that photo :)
It's not over yet. RT>>> “: I gotta tell ya, it feels good to have the #1 bracket in the house so far. Your thoughts?”
is tim tebow mania is over for real no more winning games ?
Happy Friday!!!
This weekend we held our annual Holiday Friendraiser and were overwhelmed by the generosity & support from our friends and family!
Alabama Immigration Law Forces Hispanic Students out of School
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide! No minimums worlds best price 412 973 8262
Go look it up on facebook!!! It's so cool
“: let us know if your playing in Nashville anytime soon!!!” cma fan Fest we'll be there! Announcing this week!
We'll have our weekly hula show at 1 p.m. on Saturday, April 16, with Halau Hula O Keola Ali'iokekai.
An enormous demon fly from Moria just materialized out of nowhere and went after my blueberries. AWH NO YOU DON'T, BALROG SPAWN.
haha. Yeah. I've heard better. Keep up the great work!
On my plane for home - woman next to me reeks of garlic. Huh.
Happy #Thanksgiving everyone! I'm #thankful for the small yet important things in life...family, friends, love, health and happiness.
O'Sheas in Vegas closes in 15 minutes :(
No. I followed 's orders to deliver papers to you & After I beat up a guy, I toured NYC with
I have a newfound respect & love for Matthew Broderick. I should never have doubted that he lost his awesomeness.
I must've overheard. I didn't read it anywhere; just popped in my mind. Whilst sitting around doing nothing. Amidst no one.
Thanks to the fabulous #PRSANCC panel- and for great #socialmedia insights!
Anyone have any advice as to how to create lacquered walls?
reminds me of chick corea.
was prom schmackin
either way, that little bitch had it coming to him
Do not restrict yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they may do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
#BecauseOfAustin my friends have to hear "Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love" all the time :)
“: Brewers/Cardinals would be EPIC! Whine and Cheese series!! #BREWDAT”. MILLER vs bud
Bella Desai says Sci Cafe gives people a way to have a fun learning experience while connecting with collections and scientists.
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
Is the question "Why?"
From tonight's #dareproject rehearsal: "Sasquatch can't feel love."
glad to hear about you. looking forward to your info! Happy NY
Agreed. Requested important info and marketing for one's $ are not birds of a feather.
Enjoy Happy Hour today $4 draft beer, $5 house spirits, $2 off wine by the glass with menu items that are $3 & $4! (5PM-7PM Daily)
I'm actually finding ppl receptive to social media but I just don't talk abt work to cover my bases
never had to worry about where money for food, clothing, rent, the BASICS was going to come from!
Hey Lady! It's D from FCBC--how's the new move? I'm sure would love you to follow her too:)
fell asleep in the hot sun... ouch.
Maybe you need to go with less, you don't even know who you are tweeting as these days :).
Has anyone heard of familywize?
Thnx for the hookup!
Hey donna thanks for vids i c crystal has a drummer? Is dan there also?
finna make me a hot fudge
Sandal weather >>
are you planning on doing something on a different continent? Europe? No? Thought so.
Thinking happy thoughts for your afternoon. Been there...Done that. It is better on the other side :-)
Must ... disconnect ... internet ...
yes i will see you, through the smoking flames, on the front lines of war <333
Passions engage the heart, but what about ur mind; where does it truly desire to go? Focus on your GNF & your heart will naturally follow!
' Todayy Was Ahh Good Day I Guess, But Anywho Im So Gladd Its Dah Weekend . ^.^
oh my god, I lovee the show!<3 ... Your soo beautiful!
Sometimes I wonder if doctors enjoy doing that...just to be cruel.
spoiler alert! (I watcheed it already, don't worry)
I tether when I am on the train...
Yes. Though I have yet to experience it personally (or did I just not notice?)
You and Austin have the best friendship ever. Promise you guys will stay that way forever? I love you both so much. (:
I wish Joe Oliver peace. Something tells me he will need it. This is tragic all the way around. Sad. Sad. Sad. #Lawrence O'Donnell.
I'm not trying hard to like Dallas (tired and wanna be home) but I think it would be easier to not try in Austin and still enjoy it.
I just learned that owls can't move their eyes. They move their head to look in different directions.
It will no worries...and yeah that would be nice!
Thanks for the correction : )
Great to hear! RT Used the app to check in for a haircut today. Worked well. Good idea.
Just got to spend time with the most precious thing ever, Miss Samantha Trent. Tiny, beautiful and sweet
fucking fred movie! What the hell is going on!
i love your derek hale art the eyes look real
Aint shit tho C.P got patience to go around
Retweet this please...
Lol I know I was like "did chris really just say niggacent ?" Lolololol
“Careful what you wish for; you just might get it all.”
In other news, I've come to the realization that I'm a bad neighbor. If I'm awake, there's loud music playing.
gosh i gotta go shopping tomorrow for my wedding this weekend #anyonecaretojoin?
I absolutely love yours too! It's gorgeous<U+2764>
Congratulations for being our 400th follower! To say thank you we are giving you a FREE Gyros on your next visit!
what was the last 5k like, i.e. when did they decide to stop their recovery run?
...PERM IT/Software talent!!!
followed you back sis since you told me to on facebook lol (:
thats why you never show them where u live...i can show u were i sleep all the time but i will NEVER show you where i live.
Finals are done! Home for a few weeks <3
Happy Long weekend folks!
“: have you ever considered making JAGK bras.”
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.
Any great digital marketers out there? at Twitter
What picture is it your talking about??
ok and u would be correct about that :{)
I'll resume my belief in God if the Knicks win it all...and I'm a Sixers fan.
RT "An economy built to last is one where we encourage the talent and ingenuity of every person in this country."
i aint goin anywhere. or shooting sick kids
True, didn't check that and you are right. But would be a weird thing to come out of nowhere.
Would love to learn more about this "deluxe embalming" process you write of. Shudder.
Somebody sexy text me
One day ONLY,Wed November 2nd...30% off our entire inventory of Alain Mikli.Don't miss the limited opportunity for unique glasses ON SALE!!!
I hate getting my blood drawn...
in march, do you turn into jordichaun in honor of St Pats day?
Happy Mother's Day to my favorite MILF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Heck to the mother father yes !
If you're lost and alone or sinking like a stone, carry on; may your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on. :)
Time to go play catch with the neighbor's dog.
I'm a metal head :-)
I had no idea there was a #NewMeAtl tonight! Sorry I won't be able to make it but I hope that all goes well!
Repealer of WI equal pay law & "lady-hero" nominee #WalkerFailure spending equal pay day on out of state cash grab
"I used to have those then my mom got a job haha"...."what u used to have these 120$ shoes? " what kind of price of shit job did ur mom get?
True... Man if this was my world, we'd never have bills...
Good Morning World, gonna try harder today! Hopefully I'll be a better person.....after coffee obvi!!!
: Thank you!
it's rare that they do!
I don't blame Bryz. He practically stands on his head and ends up giving up a silly goal he should have saved.
infinite cloud storage > "Often they are but tombs,"
when you know your worth & what you deserve, you won't tolerate disrespect or bs from ANYBODY.
#buttball must make a return next season.
Sleepy time
we all can be dreamers for the rest of our lives if we truly believe it.
i havent been on my other twitter in a few days i better check it out see how im doing haha =D
Let me see if I have this right...if I Tweet I automatically Buzz, but if I Buzz I don't automatically Tweet??
Music and mayhem - all without FCC approval - listen to www.pirateradioportland.com from 9pm to midnight on the Small Plate Radio Network
killed that bio midterm say wut
Does not feel so great getting screwed over by work. Better get used to it, I guess.
I hope everyone is having a happy New Year!
did you hear that Flip has been discontinued? outrageous!
dude I just queued it the other day. Really wanna watch it
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
oh SNAP that's a pretty tight stache.
Watch me work!
Well, and are some of the coolest people around, so it stands to reason :)
Iblockya is back...
Funn night but I'm still blue, #wtf :'(
follow back
mario kart at work with and . brings back memories
Okay whatever, twitter is flippin' out at the moment.
Garcia....pull it the eff together
Usher and Lil Jon need to collaborate again... YEAH!!!
congrats to my big bro in christ
hahahaha I just died
Great way to share yr work! is looking for museum professionals for interviews! Email at Please RT!
Yeeah... I'm Somebody Now! Thanks!
So happy to be an FF mate! Wait, what's an FF? I've got the mate part down.
if you haven't, see the film "Ink". You will love it.
:-) I in search of what I would study ... Thx for keeping it on my mind!
Follow me for our new single that coming out soon btw follow me bcuz a mixtape cumin out and n order to get it u have tew FOLLLOOWW :)
Tonight, in Grandma's Ghetto Kitchen, Helen Stoviak prepares brutally over-baked potroast, iced tea in Pyrex, somehow served on 21 plates?
what is your job, exactly? To play with toys and drones?
Zimmerman has had 78 visitors to his website according to the counter at the bottom.
HEY IM ALLOWED TO GO CAMPINGG!
I never watched American Idol until you...you're something else.
I'm still a Jacobs fan but NOT 1 week this year!
Miley Cyrus and leftover mini egg roles... I have to say 2012 is already better then 2011.
I randomly came across your blog and I'm really enjoying it. Many thanks!
I know it sucks :'( Anything on Nikita? I wanted TSC renewed so bad :(
#ifimet1D I would marry them all <3
let me call ya later, its easy! Your regular website or Facebook?
when i found out it was Twilight fanfic i was NOT surprised. i LoL'd
#ICantDateSomeoneThat ill get bored with.
While changing email signature on my iPod, it suggested mobile "devil" when I started typing "device." The device is smarter than I thought.
International Women's Day!
Listening to a new mother meal plan for her baby, canned peas? I don't eat that, frozen over canned any day.
arrived in St. Mary's County!
its actually less its just more publicized when a celebrity does somethin wrong
poor guy who picked crawfish! Lots of work for tiny bit of meat #NoKitchenRequired"
The latest prank Jim pulled on Dwight was pretty hilarious...I know I said the same thing six years ago, but still...
give me a ciroc idea so i can get it n!!
Fall for your type
Yesterday was a day full of road time traveling from job site to job site from Point Loma, CA to #DelMar CA and then finally to
public is connected to people of color in the imagination. public school housing transportation etc..
wow !! So your bio you put aleez alex and someone else and not me ? Okay !
you suck a mean dick, too. Bahaha
every time I get an auto DM I'm tempted to unfollow immediately
Helping Nurses Help Themselves: WISER, ANA Announce the Nurses&#39; Investment Education Program
Yall....when did we grow up....
Breaking DSD news coming at lunch! Stay tuned...
Remind me again who Kim Jong-Il nuked?
I'm a dog man but can't have one in my building. Think I'd like a cat?
What's your favorite #ABQ bed and breakfast?
Anybody want to tweet about #Blues music tonight?
I get lost and I ain't scared to say it, love is a game I ain't scared to play it
in my not-so-distant future: less studying, more socializing. maybe even more tweeting? (crazy talk?)
I don't wanna fall in love I just wanna be loved...
Oh haha nice&& I miss you two!
Thank YOU for listening!
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Lisa Harmon |Creative Fabricator
we are too!! Thanks! So happy to hear you enjoyed it.
"youre so perfect when you whiper low"
when someone says because i said so its because they dont have any reason
morning lol Just get some instant tasters choice pack's and there you have it
Absolutely - mostly because of the bacon. :-)
come here and see it with me! It looks amazing
Welcome! Good luck this season! #1 means so much more now! RT : Thanks for all the years of support - I'm really excited about...
C'mon Power fans! Every game counts! WE have a playoff birth to snatch!
AVENGER TIME!!!
Really sad day today.
he went surfing today so let's pray that's why it looks like crap.
At least there are a few of us 30+ somethings to keep him partially sane.
Jim Loehr argues that achievement is not all it's cracked up to be. I'm waiting to be convinced.
Conley and Gay showing how to run a 2 on 1 fast break...share the ball!
no objection, just never heard the saying.
We will now call you McTweety then! I still love seeing all the great fly-thru shots of Seattle...even though I can see it outside!
be careful
Thank you very much! I appreciate you taking the time to listen! _Bryan
Stop losing to lame shit :P RT : Maybe I'm just mad that putting in all that work to learn new characters outside of my comfort z
send over the questions for attack attack and well mix in some and make it happen nate at enochmagazine dot com
Yeah. I seen them
it's an playlist day today #np 'Back Home (feat. Whatzisface and Chip tha Ripper)'
My back is broken! It's been hurting since forever ._.
sounds like we had the same kind of week. love u
:D and how to change your pin? You have to go to backup assistant or something xD idk how
Vegas is lovely u whores in the town that drink 40"s an smoke then trick for the low this is where yall need to be smfh. Pimps are outhere.
knew you were gonaa say that
Question: Why do so many people hate M. Night Shyamalan and are you some of those people?
Stuck in the car during exciting tour de france stage. Anyone know how to get live updates?
on oovoo with
Don't sweat it. Happens to ALL of us.
echoes of John Haughey, SJ in presentation: reflection on experience, making wholes out of parts
Now Orange...THAT is how you come out of the locker room.
Or it's "All the news that's fit to copy so we can fund our own original reporting."
I'm one of those people who feel like they did heroin every day before school..
Just woke up world :)
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
will be at Beer-Con whilst being awesome and drinking beer and drinking beer awesomely.
First down on 3rd-and-3 by Case. Even bigger news: Mike Davis hung onto a pass!
I love spirited away, but I've been geekin' out and watching like naruto and stuff.
me and my brother are playing beer pong right now. yup, at 11:45 am
Going to go eat with aunty before she goes to England ,.
'you're a good person to do.' lmao. Ellen. I love you
Damn that girl
<U+272C>If you can keep your head about you when all about you are losing theirs, its just possible you haven't grasped the situation.<U+272C>Rose Kennedy
I HAD A GREAT NEW YEAR 2010!!!!
The good thing about twitter is that anyone can message you. It's also the bad thing. Some people miss the point. Badly.
It's almost 5 a.m. Why am I still awake?
Cubs win!
good question.
Coffee tasting was a success! Feeling good about iced coffee for farmers' market. We'll wait a few more weeks for it to warm up.
Breakfast tomorrow starting at 8 and the workshops start at 9:15
And creepily enough... it was May 6th, 1997.... 15 years ago to the day
"Don't call it a comeback. I've been here for years." - MySpace #sxsw #sxswi #SoUnpoularItstrendy?
is teaching Amy about Twitter because it's super slow at work
i love 's name<3 when you translate it, its like you're saying Banana Butt.
this morning, Dr. Charles D. Johnson interviewed Howard Alum Ambassador Andrew Young about the ANC Centenary celebration.
Studies have shown that massage therapy reduces depression and anxiety in people who get regular massages.
Catalogers, what does "New ed." actually mean in a 250$a? Is this a reprinting or a revised edition? Or something else?
": why is your mom white?" cuz she white lol.
Can't sleep ... This sucks!
i also feel often times when we come in the tank we are scared! scared money don't make money!
Gallery Night and Day is coming right up y'all. the 16th and 17th! we will be open and showing '30 Years of Dialogue'
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Those Americans left stranded on the beach in this economy can directly blame the #GOP/TPers and the Putocracy w/their croney capitialism.
Would that clients understood that process. Even after explaining and outlining & demonstrating. Must be doing something wrong>>me.
writing group was so much fun tonight! can't wait to read more of your amazing book :)
where can I find that show?
I hate when guys talk shit about girls.
it really annoys me when people say Cody copys Justin...THEY'RE FRIENDS. CODY LOOKS UP TO JUSTIN. get 'choo facts straight, biotch.
I still haven't seen Avatar. Am I the only person left who hasn't?
#CharlesBarkley take that cotton out of your mouth!
Waiting for skrillex
"It's not worth crying over spilt milk"
Chuck Norris said to follow me :)
Hm. I tried watching the new series at some point and never really got hooked.
Oh! That's a great idea. I should do that, too.
Sounds like life is hard.
Wheree is ? O:
Lovely photo. Is that Brea? Because it's beautiful!
Congrats to you are the #NIT Sweepstakes winner! Check your DM's for more info!
Rooting that this is one of those start low, end high days because this morning is not starting off well.
- Bkfst is critical & You need a carb/protien ratio that matches weight goals, but generally stick to 4\1 split.
I should have, but I had other plans. Kinda swole I missed it. I'm tryna hear you though, you gotta spit more. Get out that shell!
Buying starfruit!yum!
Three-year-old looks at Van Gogh's The Starry Night: "It's not finished - he might add a shark."
Reading 's new article about the Civil War in preparation for my blog post tomorrow.
I don't really have a fav on 4. What's yours?
Just got done with a 10 mile ride, it was SO nice to ride outside again!
That would be great! I teach vocals in regularly on Saturdays and on weekdays as clients schedules dictate. I ...
last year at bamboozle I met . this year I wanna smoke with him. can it happen man?!
I'm not a man with motivation today!
Hail Storm Pelted my Bullet Proof Stucco! No Damage ha ha!
#chicklitchat hi lovey! I'll be back around soon. So much easier when schools out for summer! Kids are spring fever crazy xo
I would retweet, but everyone would know my secret lol.
Went back to check for you. Picture posted by Tyler Mcquarrie of Ferrari for your enjoyment. Cheers.
naa . I got benched cuz I didnt feel like playing . Its almost over . .
Coatar with the compliance call out from norm at the food safety general session!!
draw something
Need someone to talk to about Breast Cancer? Call our 24/7 support center to speak with a breast cancer survivor. 800-221-2141
AND STUFF
Congratulations! Hope you know it's a honor being a pg getting a Calipari offer with his record with point guards. This is Awesome
ONE MORE WEEK
They had plenty of room to spread out, so they did.
LMFAO AUSTIN ALMOST KISSED YOU ON THE CHEEK IN CALL ME MAYBE[; #luckykid. follow back?and call me maybe[; xD you are so cute{:
He's kinda needy but I guess I don't mind!!
Creative Pros:#contentment comes from handling your #work well, #loving well, and being #generous. Have a big life. Creativity follows.
The Buffs have made committed some dumb penalties but the phantom "horse collar" tackle was garbage. Yet another call to protect USC.
@ Smothersmrz I like following cute girls.
#SATURDAY 1600 Vine 12pm-6pm HOST & #NBA Playoffs Viewing (Tables/Appetizer Specials)
At my callback today I was asked if I was Italian. I said, "Yes, could you tell by the last name?" The response: "That, and the eyebrows."
Market Square Area, Indianapolis - The Smashing Pumpkins
JUST SAW THREE JUGGALOS AND ONE HAD FACEPAINT AND A HATCHETMAN TATTOO
DO YOU DESERVE TO EARN MORE THAN A TEACHER FOR PICKING A BASKETBALL GAME?
a label to START living it. Doesn't he hve u guys.. I thought he was already living it.
oh that's awesome.
haha Grindr love it and that dad doesn't know, how excellent, do you like bayou billionaires? such a trashy but hillar CMT show
Going go karters game in monrovia...
been wasting time and money ont he wrong things...
That's a great part of town. You ever try the Original Burrito Company? It won't help the figure but it's very good.
hard to get ahahah. I'll play along. ;D
RT highlighting a speaker-a-day until the conference on facebook.
Around what time?!
Follow me back, please.
Did anyone play the Mega Million Jackpot? How will you cash out?
that's great!! N I know!! I ain't been at eva in a good minute!! I miss you too!! Ima come get y'all one day to kick it.
So it's basically productivity and death. Or sleep. Why am I weighing options here?
youre the best ;)
Check out Dave's equipment
Will this humidity ever leave us? It's hazardous to a girl's hair-do! Tune into CBS Channel 8 Thursday AM for the latest updates.
And good to see you in the house! "RT Do yourself a favor and see Mitch Hebert in AFTER THE FALL Beautiful performance."
Yes, Thank you! Awesome writing :)
Did grow it or give it to you?
RT : RT : I NEED RUNNING SHOES
Although it's not "the" story: Since Monday morning, I've written or contributed to nine stories. That's just the one outside the paywall.
RT : It's Friday! What are you reading this weekend? The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer! It's pure genius!
RT : Minds are like parachutes; they only work when they are open.
Funny how things can make u smile:)
Thanks for the follow. Would love to discuss your Digital Marketing Strategies with you one day :)
I'd rather waste my time with you.
Magic Power Coffee: www.magicpowercoffeepro.com/3417701
Schindler discussing "blur" that digital world creates (subway/grocery store in Korea where customers scan QR codes on fake mech)
Kamps has 10 strikeouts through five innings. 1-0 Belmont leads batting in the top of the sixth.
burned 236 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
There is no point in pretending you aren't gay. I can spot you a mile away.
Lane is sauced like a boss.
what do you think about the rumor Stoudamire and Chandler for Dwight? Would it be a good move for NY?
GeoCommons.com will be intermittently down for planned maintenance tonight between 11pm-2am US Eastern Time
FOR SALE: 1080P HD MUSIC VIDEO DSLR CAMERA! $600 HIT UP FOR MORE DETAILS!
Need help? Stay tuned....
Bridesmaids was so good, I'd be pissed if they made a sequel!
no, you want gov to decide and not have it be popular vote. Gov is to enforce will of people. Haven't people of NC spoken?
thank U sir!!! RT : was jus at tht store is fuckin ridiculous. check it out
There should be 1-2 Aussie inclusions but I'm a little light in this Issue! Hopefully some other great content though!
How did you watch it??
Peoplefolk: who's going to #RBMS12?
Happy #holidays to you, our local university, from NSHMBA-NM!
Donal Logue has been cast as the lead in San Diego’s new television pilot #“Terriers” for the FX Network.
nice shout out in "intro HTML 5 edition deux"
Here ALL day today.
I am so excited to share Ant's photos with you...anthonyvanderhoorn.com.
“: When boys use a picture of you two together as their default. <U+2764>”
I <U+2764> Southern Boys
Tune in to WAVS 1170AM to listen to Professor Nuts Live interview Now
Aw, feeling a little down? We know how it goes, but will cheer you up with 's Hugs & Kisses show tonight!
Love but it crashes way too much ... #howwilliknowwhattomakefordinnertomorrow ?
you're right there's no excuse.
Right. It's completely understandable, and I would have done the same thing. But, it leaves open questions for those media.
that's assuming you even enjoy our music haha. Give it a listen? Might make your day just a wee bit more glorious!
“Our country is stronger when we can count on affordable health insurance, and Medicare, and Social Security.”—President Obama
The Weather Right Now Is Perfect!
can we call in today? What's the number?
Kelly hasn't texted me ehem
Few things are better than Little Debbie's Nutty Bars. [sigh]
WHO WANTS TO CO-OWN LOOKING FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE?!?!?!?? :D
topic is interesting - could someone tweet what slavmsd stands for? thanks
Your Government.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. — Andre Gide
MN has its own issues to be sure, but that'd be some out of the frying pan into the fire shit.
If I wore glasses they'd be exactly like the ones wears!
too bad I don't work at Malibu. Rudeness.
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
Our Iced Hibiscus Lemonade is great for cooling down on these hot days in Chicago.The Espresso Freezes are awesome too.See ya soon!!
The good thing about divorced parents is double the money on weekends:)
Cool, looks like an interesting project to follow.
And thank you for the support!
His clothes >
u nasty LOL
First completed draft of my master's thesis is FINISHED. The end is nigh!
Imma start charging these damn TSA agents for all the times I strip for them
Congrats!!! :) RT : I won today! 20094 words & counting, but my goal was 20k.
two please!
no cocky shit.... You mean
I believe in BEARS every week #bleedblue&orange
I was, but am much better now. Thank you!
Hey! guess who's on today!!! :D
join us today for free post highlights and photos recruithighschool.com
Strategies when program begins, Third – “Don't hold notes. The audience can see them shake. Use three-by-five cards instead.”
A long nap sounds good to me.
I loved Zack S's story on women's soccer last week. We need more references to medieval literature on the sports pages.
lol!! Let's just say a basketball is involved :) hehe
About to spend 5 straight hours in the car.... #Clevelandbound <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Deal on mid-century modern home renovation fell through, so there's another chance if you're interested. :-)
Mid-terms are being graded in UDSIS. Check yours by choosing 'grades' from the 'other academic' dropdown box in your student center.
This past week was a great archives week. Finished processing 2 collections for different clients. The artifacts and textiles were lovely.
Vendors are invited to display their products and/or services at the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness and Supportive Housing.
Every action we take, everything we do, is either a victory or defeat in the struggle to become what we want to be -Ninon de L'Enclos
To my knowledge nothing but some players just drop. :(
DO IT
I love letting Ben & Jerry's Schweddy Balls melt in my mouth as I polish a screenplay.
WOW!!! I want it and not the Jock lol
Wishing your mom a happy 88th!
Love pie! For flaky crust, go with COLD coconut oil. Perfection.
Sorry, judging you.
Up at 5:30 AM to make it on time to the Mount Vernon High School Poetry Expo. 5:30 AM? I don't think I could survive being a teenager again.
dr called tonight. Not overly concerned w lump and wants 2 cont w treatments. Prognosis still good.
im tryna get this spot downtown, but my next spot is on saturday and sunday......I'm trying put my foot in the door at these uts ...
oh how your finds make me smile! #justsayin'
Nice day out today. Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe. We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays! Delicious food!
best sound ever!
Bill McMullen: Hype, Hustle, Rip-off at The Constant Gallery through March 28, 2009.
Just got out of a productive rehearsal! We got some cool surprizes for our future lake worth fans tomorrow! Come out a partaaay with us <3
What are you doing for Memorial Day? Chillax and enjoy the sound of Jazz! Happy Friday!
Didn't realize that taking on a collage covering my kitchen ceiling would become my own equivalent of the Sistine Chapel. It's neverending!
hey(: u shoudl tell people to fallow me an ill do the same to u(:
The fact remains that I'm a psyco
you shoulda gone to my dentist. rated best dentist in SF on yelp
Life to short to be mild live it wild!
DALTON WINS!!! Next best thing to me running for re-election!
No school for me, starting my 3 day weekend off right (;
Happy birthday to !
first class cancelled today!
Mother's Day is less than a week away! Treat your mom to a free FroYo on 5/13. Mom's eat free with purchase. See store for details!
After wikipedia-ing it, I don't think I'd like it very much... (see: Polynesian rats)
Archaeologists have ethical codes. Still, some Native American groups argue with merit that their holy sites have been robbed.
Ive had it wit these motherf***in snakes on this motherf****in plane!!!!
Thanks for the mention! Thank you ladies!
Headed to Friends of Parker Hill meeting
Man City I hope you all die
She asked when was the last time we'd pulled a book. An adult book? I honestly can't remember.
EVERYBODY'S STARRY-EYED
wao, thank you so much! That means a lot to me. Your strategy on how to make peace in the Middle East is pretty genious ;-)
Who cares if people talk about you! Jesus was talked about! If anything feel honored people feel your that important 2 discuss you
I feel like it's going to be weird sleeping in my own bed tonight.
Charles Manson is famous, too!
"it is russian cuisine! who doesn't love cold purple soup!"
moving back to Mississippi? Haha maybe one day huh?
:) RT Love how my phone randomly corrected 'is' to TRS hahaha that was an epic moment!
YOU ALL SAVED MY DAY!!!
no joke! That's the curse of starting 2 watch a show when it 1st comes out. U needa jump in at season 4 so u can back2back it :)
Her and those kicks left me speechless.
Rise and grind fools
I want pancakes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
What are you doing at the library??
If you don't listen to oF or Childish Gambino #YouAint'tBoutThatLife
I'm writing about gunfighters, outlaws, land barons and French assassins. Not too late for me to add the zombies though!
Dude must be a brogrammer!
tryna cruise with some boys Saturday?
In less than an hour I will officially be a red head. . AGAIN. :)
Tune in at 7pm (PDT) for songs by Sonny Smith and an interview with Jenny Chapman about her and Mark Reigelman's project, Manifest Destiny!
Boy do I love you, I don't know what to do either.
I'll try them next time I go to my lounge if they have them & yeah blue mist is like candy<3
GAVE MY MOMMY THE BEST MOTHERS DAY =)
Jesus Christ, I just beat ME3. That ending was fucking horrible. I spent 3 games looking for piece & I get THAT!?
Wow. #DickClark. RIP.
First Macs and now the Patriots. I think we're going to ship you to Booklist.
I love !! The best sister ever!! Muah!
Thank you ^_^ RT : is handsome c:
which parties people are going to. Until we stop treating politics like high school things aren't going to change. [2/2]
can't wait for the last Tailgate Tues tonight!! 6 pm - Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Devin Belle, Mike Willis and Tailgate South. See you there!
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too. Excellent brain candy.
thanks for the follow. I look forward to your inspiration on leadership.
Just visited Whistler's Peacock Room at the gallery. Overwhelmingly beautiful. I'm art-geeking out right now.
ok then, let's get a tryout scheduled for Portland
You too!
Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret. Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars
RT : Dear , while in NC today, please say: "I oppose #Amendment1. Vote No on May 8th." Thx.
oh hey no tmrw I keep forgetting to right but I PROMISE I'll write tmrw Promise :) <3
Thanks for coming to #YLI2012 today and teaching us how to leverage media to influence public policy at !
everyone leaves for the summer and I sit home and blog because we never go anywhere
of course, that's the first time we met , too. Ah, the memories of his long, flowing locks of love.
the weatherman is calling for a little snow. I'm ready for summer. Go away winter!!!!!!
Good luck on your finals this week !
We're going into withdrawals, lol.
Thanks for popping in Jeffrey... hope you are well!
I love morning showers!
cool well talk tomorrow im about 2 pull a all nighter!
Great local deals in #Denver!
To all my followers, may your dreams come to. may you experience real love, may the good inside you show, and may your day be great
Ohh well(; 3 years for me!
#swagger is becoming overused but i still like saying it.
Don't forget to #ShopLocal now into Spring when you're thinking about remodeling your home!
Headed to NYC to make some headway!
Sitting at jiffy lube with There is a woman wiggling her one front tooth. Stop trying to loosen your last tooth! Save it!
' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you
seems like everyone is a networking guru these days . just give me a good burger and awesome fresh Fries . Hold the onions please .
I know Robert... It hard to take in.
u r right matt
Thank you so much!!
It's already 3
wrong, she is funny, unlike you and Loni right now.
Tipping 100%. In this case I find it acceptable to use
“We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.”
Laredo United scores to make it 36-25 SA Madison, blocked extra point, 9:51 left in the 3rd.
Do you feel like we do?
“: RT if you're touching an Apple product. #SteveJobs”
If you missed it go to Grillbust.com and you can buy a copy, or call the IMAX downtown and command a second performance.
My name is doctor kent, I teach math 234 and this me not giving a fuck about your grade
Things We Lost in the Fire (2007) It's a metaphor of my life. Yet it's inspirational for anyone who has felt tragedy. 9/10
#HowtomakeitinAmerica become a part of government, that way you can take advantage of everyone else's money
you still looked hott ^.^
thanks for the follow! Xo
Doing a commission for a co-worker. Theme: Winter Wedding in London. Working on concept sketches now!
nice! good luck tonight
Now playing on Fox12: "Larger Than Life" - starring Bill Murray and an elephant.
damn right
Which Botwin brother do you like better on 'Weeds' - Silas or Shane? Why do you say so?
A large hunk of frozen bacon fell out of the freezer and almost broke my big toe.
i studied the night before too :p and sarah b got my back and told me what was on the test!
It's not letting me follow anyone right now for some reason. But I promise I will!!
I'll text a guy back in a heart beat. Not even an issue
That first one is priceless. It's a rec-league boxscore, isn't it?
nothing. i had also left lengthy VM after horrible phone experience. no call back. very, very upset.
Happy Easter :)! wishing U and your family the best :) hope U have a wonderful weekend :)!
+ if you come to Miami, I'm sure everyone would love to have you speak.
I just spotted & and Mama Fusco jamming to pauly d! haha #swag <3 :D
Tv is not even interesting anymore, too much reality, no actuality.
Walk into random warehouse. See Built to Spill concert.
Getting ready to start shooting..
Just got home from school with lexi !! just in time for supper,homework and then bed....
Congrats indeed! RT : Congratulations to our 2012 John Van Hengel Fellow, Linda Nageotte of
Questions about the Baltimore Food Co-Op? Feel free to DM us or use
Yeah, there's a Jetblue RT from JFK to MVY for $75. I might bus it and then fly
The rest don't even matter because you are drunk by that point...then you get the bill when you sober up, haha.
Catching up with :)
"The way you cut your meat reflects the way you live." ~Confucius What do you guys think of this quote? True or false?
You tell me that you need me, then you go and cut me down
7 Months, I Love You Dennis Ray Gibson <3
I would love to do all those things but no one ever wants to!!
I'm eating fire
my bedroom sockets are working again. thank god
Every dollar spent on substance abuse treatment saves $7-$9 in other system costs. How are treatment providers rewarded in IL? Budget cuts.
nothing much you should add me on facebook Ke'Juan KaeSmoove Jones
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.
Every ounce of me wants to steal this guys iced coffee
fuck me with a chainsaw!
Its the worst to be disappointed.
These are great beds! Thanks for the mention!
#YouKnowILoveYou when I am willing to do something I'm so uncomfortable with and giving away everything just to have a chance with you.
Love being played out like a fool
oh my goodness! My allergies have been the WORST lately! Power to you going for a run! I wish I could do that! Lol
Give those teeth some #bling with today's deal from Grand Jewelers in ! You know you want a
Rep your zodiac.
I feel I need more 'let me live on your couch for a month while I find a gig' kind of friends in New York & LA.
I've been thinking of people all around, talking and texting, and not only while driving. It seems it's a problem for walking. Read this: ht
Racks on racks.....stupid money!!!
Listen im the baddest in the school baddest in the game
It's not surprising, huh? (#TardyResponse)
congratulations auntie Jess !!! and to Jaymie and Bell family!!!
Yes and no. Those are our companies, but we did not organize it - hence why I didn't think of it. But we will be there!
yeah so how was last night btw
Sunday is the best day of the week. You start by going to Church, then dive in a pool, then watch the boobs show, and then the 60's show :-)
Just booked a show for Woody's in Clifton, mark your calendars for February 17th!
thanks! We're glad you enjoyed it. Lookout for issue 2 soon!
Sweet god I am so allergic to cats. When did this happen?!
Have a great trip here! I will try to take you where I took Steve, Doc Holliday's!
Why does whenever martin finds someone, they get creeped out then tell him everything he needs to know?
So many amazing people on the list this yr Timothy Donnelly, Katharine Coles, Eliza Griswold, Eileen Myles, Judith Pascoe, and on and on...
Regged the plo 550 mega, two seats so far up for grabs
do you mean MitchCMartinez and ?
I am in the flow of life.
my dance was on jennifer lopez on the floor i was head dancer yay me!!!rofl follow me?
Enjoy the Spring Sale at where you can get an additional 30% off already discounted items! Happy #shopping!
Congrats to for the great initial launch of at the #TosaTweetup2 !!
Documentary "Thomas Jefferson's Slaves" is being shown today on WCVWDT (PBS) in Richmond - pt 1 (6pm) & pt 2 (7pm). Hope you enjoy it!
We are young [;
I really hope that Erin Martin doesn't end up being the "Sanjaya" of #TheVoice. She is out of her league. She needs to go.
come on don't insult us
what's more amazing 11 catching one or catching 3in a row?
Why is skylar going home? Bs! Holly needs to go!
Hello Michael: It was good to hear from you. I hope you have a great weekend.
Lets make it happen 9am MST// RT : 10am? We gotta stay on it y'all! INTENTIONAL...
All the liberals on my twitter feed love huntsman.
I'm De-lite-ed that you found a groove
will be closed tomorrow night for a private event.
Just saw Think Like A Man! Great movie! It was hilarious. The cars, and city scenes were lovely. And that new John Legend song is nice!
so the 92 game does not count! Hehehe haha
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Dear Axel, what note was that?
At west allis park watching kids sing Kareoke...
That's my week ruined. I'll be a wreck till next Monday. RT : fuck.. thanks to the defenders for fucking my sunday up...
=( Im sorry luv.... think healthy thoughts... best we can do! xoxo!
Makin the best of life n being happy
Too true - RT: “: No symphony orchestra ever played music like a 2-year-old girl laughing with a puppy. Bern Williams”
": if a PR person is tweeting for hey Dude/Dudette ya doing a bad Job" What's wrong with it David??
Not too metion that myrtle beach and the ocean was awesome food and priceless sunrise every morning! Lake Norman was absolutetly luxurious
Better send him to Saville Row.
u get that shirt yet ?
Long heels, red bottoms! HOT
- Two peanuts walk into a bar and one was a salted.
Concurrence requires two things in order for a crime to take (or to have taken) place. What are these two things?
YES! FIND ME! JUJUCHAV!!!!!! Was going to try and find you! All else is irrelevant!
the slow red fox hopped past the tired dog.
Plenty of reasons to dislike #BGP. The fact that the Mayor's gone to such lengths to do trivial things is disturbing.
Bummer! The show was amazing!
Double follow up to my last tweet: It's True God is Love and LOVE conquers all, but devils and demons are pretty cool sometimes too
#UWEBC12 Marketing execs feel customer engagement leads the benefits of social media.
To the guy next to me at the bar with the tucked-in Sade shirt: Will you be my Baby Daddy?
I am good....how are you?
Why is almost 80% of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse.
I don't even feel like tweeting. I really just wanna tweet watch & rt. True story..
I have you just accepted the slype request
When in doubt, go to Google.
I may be late to this, but I am really digging #chilis new branding and look
On behalf of the University of Maryland Carey School of Law & the Admissions Committee, we wish you a wonderful holiday season!
: bored in health.
I don't know if i can say this since i haven't worked this week, but TGIF!!! Now if only there was some "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" on TV.
County officials are using a "2010" study to counter my pepper spray story, without telling folks its based on 10-year-old numbers.
nope. Dress shopping.
i kind of REALLY miss
He played 2 years. RT : Did Jeff Teague play 4 years at Wake Forest?
": My girls are 11 and 8.. ENJOY THE QT Bro. #fatherhood is great!" I WOULDN'T CHANGE IT FOR THE WORLD.
Just when I though the state of couldn't get any worse they go & announce they're cutting 40 of 100 current routes.
I was just canoeing with like 4 or 5 dolphins!!!!! So beautiful!!!
I always end up eating the whole bag
we mentioned this on our Facebook fan page as well, the letter is really well done!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone!
Yep, I was just looking at your website. Nice work! Will definitely be in touch for our next Flash project. Thanks!
My night has been made (:
1st of three nights for show about to begin - crowd looks pumped!
YAY for tweet ups!!
Perfect evening to relax in our tailgate garden with a few choice libations!
Miss my girl ! #2months :)
I hate when people come on Twitter throwing a pity party for themselves but never say how they push people to say/do certain things to them!
Yes, and I hate it!
Alright just did
Of course! Your products are adorable.
I missed my subway stop this morning because I was so engrossed in my book. (Yes, this is another endorsement of #TheArtofFielding.)
WHEN WILL YOU SIT DOWN WITH YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS? TIME TO MEET WITH THE REAL YOUTH MOVEMENT
Congratulations on the MOBO!
I know Im not what you want. Thats why I hate waking up with you on my mind.
Damn sure right about that RT : All #Knicks fans held their collective breath at that last second shot
WHEN IS IT TIME TO LET GO WHEN THEY SAY BY OR YOU GET TIRED OF TAKIN SHIT
This dress project looks so cool! I want to know more. Was wondering what all those bird-dress-tweets were about at M&W
in Brentwood?
Listening to Call The Cops!
Just bought Big Time Rush's new song "Halfway There" on itunes! I love this song! BTW, I love the new hair cut Kendall!
I am sad-but going out huge with with Rocky Point Manor on December 2-an you are huge in the episode!!!
Awesome double feature. I own them both. Once on VHS and now on DVD. The FREAKED DVD is now out of print.
“: With at having vodka-mercy. #nohangover ”
Mindless behavior is mega fine <3MB<3
All you Karaoke folks should be getting very excited
Who is going to Jhoomti Shaam this weekend?
I agree - right with ya on the "unproductives" - maybe it is going around?
IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE INCREASE YOUR VISIBILITY MAKE MONEY WHILE UR SLEEP, P IMAGE and P. DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
I should probably go to bed
I wonder how Titleist feels about Rory McIlroy hiding their logo with his sunglasses?
No, I didn't just have chorizo, scrambled eggs, salsa, and cheese on a hot dog bun for dinner. Not at all.
how do you use a font in a design? Isn't the font on the client?
Oh fuck NO. I got sent to the office? !
How old is he?
Word. ": The Haney Project: Herm Edwards. #classic"
SA stormed back to take the top listener spot yesterday on Rhythm & Jazz Radio but Milwaukee, LA, Dallas/Ft Worth, and ATL are close behind!
My little girl has a cold. The sheer amount and variety of mucus on her face is simply amazing.
Very cool. :)
Pastor Ben from Madison Alliance Church giving the message: "The hour has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may Glorify you." -Jesus
Bears Vs. Packers Dog Fight Video. Boom!
DID YOU KNOW? We've added new invitation tools to #Blastoff Network for Twitter, MySpace, Linkedin, & most IM & blog services!
Get to read 2 books to Z's class on Monday. We chose Ferdinand by Munro Leaf and Oh No! by Mac Barnett. A nice pairing of peace and mayhem.
haha I'm just giving you a hard time!!
New season of Face Off looks promising.
Can you set one up and backup to iCloud?
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy. But heres my number, so call me maybe!
yupp and I'm here all the time.
Wathcing #theFlintstones! You rocked as Betty!! Love that giggle! Always makes me smile!
great job with the Wish I could have joined you guys at Brocach. Next stop
I hate being made to feel like I'm nothing.
Battier and Haslem are having the worst shooting seasons of their careers..! Somebody gotta step up. Soon.
i. Gues youre right in general, but hes got some hip hoppy stuff too. we'll see. Mello could actually b good, think im gettin sick
That sounds like a fantastic plan!
One of my favorites! Though I'm sad that they no longer have the Humba - there is nowhere in MKE to get Filipino food.
I'm different from everybody else I do my own shit
Totally obvious. Good lord!
Change your pet's diet over several days.
#jealous HAVE FUN!
Not yet. We'll see what happens...
"giant inflatable laser tag?!?! There ARE cool things outside the loop!!" -Mischa Hutchings, 2012
thank you very much
And grady back as a lead off no way a strike out
I have that effect on people RT “: so I've been awake since 3 AM and I'm somehow now out with ”
Just browsing some of my old CodePlex projects and surprised to see that some people are actually using them!
"I'm a huge Alt Rock fan! I've been to six Chevelle concerts!" Said no one who got a sexual 'yes' from me ever. (at least not since 2004)
It's c-c-cold in Chicago. Locals are bundled in coats. I only b-b-brought a light rain j-j-jacket.
fuck you buddy can't hear
put some rum in drink that will warm you up !!!!
. kills his "news" cred saying Bachmann made substantive pts on #mtp but only fact she knows is gas is high...followed by lies
I've always heard that the good die young, there's little time left to prove them wrong.
no worries, brunch another time
Thank you 2011 for waiting until the very last minute to redeem yourself.
one problem if Baltimore did this and acquired the properties they would sit on city books for a REALLY LONG time. :-)
Stunning New Alicia Fox Photos
arenado up by July?
Checking out #musesocial friends- looking forward to future convos!
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you aren't willing to move your feet
idiotic statement you have to be smarter than that.
After a wonderful weekend, it's back to the reality of school for me.
follow me back please(: 1
What up baby?? Man I am sleepy potna.
come to the trap house I'm posted
if you follow me, I follow back <U+2665> FOLLOW ME PLEASE (:
good looking on the follow tell the hoes to follow me.
Do I need Basic Service ($99/yr) PLUS the Track Progress ($49/yr)?
I know I'm biased cause I work with him, but a morning without just feels empty somehow.
I feel like I'm dying today.
I don't understand why people don't get rental on their insurance policies. It doesn't cost that much more & it saves a lot of trouble.
Personally I think we should keep playing IU & UNC. If IU fans are jerks then watch it on tv. See if they can fill it up themselves. #My2¢
Marshalls and/or tsunamis would make a great kids book! Congrats on homecoming.
Great and useful list Michael, thanks!
I mean, even if you got 1million I ain't gonna congrat you! lol followers are just number they're ain't fans or friends!
I bet you are bro.
check out www.YouTube.com/GoodGuyLV
Well, Du Hast just started blaring from someone's PC in the office...
If you are free on Monday night join me at Carolines on Broadway were I will be cracking some jokes ;) Show starts at 7pm!
WHY DO PEOPLE WIT MISSING TEEF ALWAYS WANNA EAT & TALK AT DA SAMETIME?
you need an API for that ;) May I suggest a geolookup function in a slick API that I happen to know of??
your welcome :-)
Yay! Congratulations! You are awesome.
excellent question....I'd bet there is a provision that protects them should that occur. They may not have time to sell new ads.
Watched the Tringled trailer. Seems interesting, good luck!
glad I'm off tmrw. Studio and gym is all I know....\
Life is incredible.
ELEASE IS MI NEW BACKGROUND YES FWM
As Calif perhaps NC worded the ballot to confuse unaware voters.
#liber2011 Preliminary findings: appears to be a relationship between usage and attainment.
that can easily be done! We all will be blogging as well. I'll send you links ASAP. Look forward to sending you great photos!
Blur - Blur
Henderson here I come
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Nick Fits °Rising 8th °Nampa, ID °Travel Team: Hoop Dreams °Point Guard 5’3
That forehead goodnight kiss >>>
One of my readers fb-ed me:" I just got Judgment on Tartarus and was up til 1 AM reading it. Already hooked!"
Happy Friday everyone! Any big cooking plans this weekend? We're thinking of broiling up some Tokyo Miso Salmon!
Next Generation Luminaires Awards: important to link energy efficiency to lighting quality to ensure products are specified.
maybe youre just looking in the wrong places...
awww savanah :( I bet they will surprise you :)
Oh and I won't them to try some shit
I disagree with Corgis on prinicple. They look like they have full sized bodies and tiny little chihuahua legs.
The Donald is in the house. Trump just arrived @ the Faith & Freedom conference
I agree with you,the performance is expected to be on pointe!
PS I totally would but everybody else asked for the day off, so I'm kinda fired if I skip.
Just watched New Girl and want to play Real American soon.
Now that's what I'm talkin bout' Ayn Rand=Evil, sociopath Nihilist
Great win by and her team and staff. Onto the next one. Proud of them.
sitting in philly airport
With the global economy, you may be interested in some of these common languages for business and culture courses for businesses
shoutout to follow!
I guess this makes it official. Twitter is so easy a caveman can do it.
Congrats Big Guy!! Welcome to the family!!
Very helpful! How about more off the beaten path and upscale spots? New places guests might love?
u forgot ur lost that gave u!?
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER :)
I want to sky dive
In the night ~ I remember ~ who I am
Everybody Follow !!!!! <3
message me if you want half price code for this weekend's show
his attitude is shit is the reason why he stinks
If you can't accept what's on your plate, why accept the offer and order it?!
just bought the audio version of your new book so I can hear you narrate it on my way to work each day!
my pins aren't posting to Twitter [sad face]
Let's go skinny dipping this summer
haha! Me too ;)
Just came home, I see we still playin around(Pacers)
hey its a Friday, we should get a big posse and get hotel and things of that nature for true partytime
Ha my first tweet in probably a month, and I lose 3 followers. Really are you that mad at me? Im sorry
get wit me
whoa! spinning the beats at luxe #cincy last night-amazing! had this girl on dance-floor ALL night. great to see you, Tony!
so sorry to hear about your loss -- always remember he is watching full time now so do all you can to make him proud !!
...with that said I think Clevend better win this year!
One thing I hate is not having control over a situation ..
Saw Think Like A Man. Very impressed with the entire cast and especially the writing/directing. Tim Story is on my radar!
you have. A problem
"Electricity is really just organized lightning."
Greetings and welcome to my new followers - peace and happiness to you all
If u in or going to Austin for #RelayWeekend RT!!!!!
Just landed in The H. One of my fav. Towns to recruit.
Please continue this thread, I find it amusing.
I'll see what I can do
Thanks for the kind words Stephane. The disruption is getting started....lots more to come!
Hey guys :p Whats up????
Have a goal of avoiding backing out accidents. Take care to get out of your vehicle and look around if you are unsure.
I'm tore down...Almost level with the ground
Re Schwehr - shared the very beautiful Do You Know What It Means To Miss... with me some time ago.
I hope to be at "A Night w/ the Aztecs" Char. 50/50 I may be stuck out of the country in the island nation of Hawaii. Know soon.
no you wouldn't my class is practically next to the door
So find about more about yourself here! RT : " She is a thug in a cocktail dress " That just describes me perfectly.
Lost in pembroke pines >.<
We are representing. Maybe 30% of the crowd are IU fans RT : As always, there's a lot of red inside the Bryce Jordan Center
ONE GAME BELOW .500
Austin's next concert is going to be in Los Angeles, RT if you want to go!
And we're going way back with another classic, The Fountainhead, 6th movie
ard bet I'm tryna grab some ASAP I'm tryna hear some knockers
Gas is damn near $5. I don't think guys are gonna drive to your shit to just "chill" anymore, lol.
RT : DIY Grad School! Media artist & Designer is having a lecture at 4pm today at Do not miss!...
Wow I just realized I have 40 followers wow I really just noticed that...wow.
love useless trivia :-)
i'm watching this 1hr&30min show just to see u guys for about 4 minutes. Can't wait to see u guys, btw u were great on icarly
Thanks for the #FF #TwitterKarma today Hope your live in the
When using chard or avocado leaves instead of corn husks, the wrapper can be eaten along with the filling. Nom nom nom!
The reason God made Spring after Winter is because after the Rain, always comes Growth!
If youre mad at me, cool. Be mad. Don't put it aside and act like everything's okay.
Oh hey, a new Blur song sort of.
work in the executive offices for a professional sports team.
Want personal art for the holidays? Contact stunamidraws(at)gmail(dot)com by Dec. 10th . First come, first served.
The Realest Niggas say my Lyrics do Shit for Em....
Bench warmers never ride forgein cars so play the game
Cool - then there is still opportunity to buy more stock
IT WAS SO COOL!!! Almost surreal. SPACE!
let's do this one more time!
yay good for y'all! Sold out nice!!
in case I fall asleep before OT... Kane / Rafi Tores
Teacher at another district says she is envious we are doing this, would love to teach in such a program.
I'm flying into SLC tonight and speaking at #RootsTech on Saturday afternoon. Plz add me, thx!
you know what's real? Those fuckin' meatballs. So down next week again with the crew. #YUM lol.
The problem with phase space is that it requires a dimension for each variable being studied.
you were missed!
soon I swear! We will make a wknd of it ;)
I gotta stay home & clean.. that's my sucky reason..
Already freezing
just think of me as the pages in your diary <3
Almost done with the hunger games and it hasnt even been a day yet #addicted #soogood <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Give them a chance to changed.
yep, will keep you posted. :)
I will be keeping on eye on the #CICDH twitter stream. Maybe start stockpiling ethanol for the generators for DH2013? Good luck!
put and on the train tonite.
Giants or 49ers this week?
Am I the only one who needs Dramamine in order to get through a Prezi presentation? Oh, the nausea
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Where is this happening at?
HARO queries? Never used HARO before!
Yeah, and just wait 'til she tries to open her door...
bonding time watching trash TV with and a guest appearance from
12 Venti Eggnog Lattes on their way!
Wasn't Barack Obama raised by a single mother?
more white powder downtown this afternoon?
i have watched u, and the whole taps team since season one. It will not be the same without u! Plz stay connected! :)
love the concept. I think it is key and has potential to change student learning. Just makes sense.
Cant believe its only Wednesday..
tired of new york? where should I move?
RT : Pick up the phone, every day, call someone. Hone your conversational skills. Go ahead, dont be afraid. It's easy :-)
4 people looking for 1 check that I enteredn but not bothering 2 ask me about it. Some1 just asked me another ? only 2 ask some1 else :SIGH:
RT : What's a Shweeb? Find out in my post, Speeding in the Shweeb." Could be coming to a city near you!
Who else is up for an #ArrestedDevelopment marathon on Netsux? I'm kind of excited for the new episodes...
you gotta do the Diplo Express Yourself pose
Planning to ride 1 more 100 mile bike race this year. Thinking of doing the cancer ride October 1st. Want to support my mom, dad & others!
Nothing better than a nice cold hooka on a cold night
Suits are to women what lingerie is to men.
awe I kno how you feel. My best friend wants to be home schooled for 8th grade thru highschool & I'm just like no!
Appreciation & #FF Shout Out to : 30K member & growing Peace Ed NING Network & grt resource for Youth Ed and more
#nf follow back((:
let's say 12:30. See you there!
Guilty.. Maybe I'll have an appearance tonight at Irishmen haha.
I was thinking about investing in Gold as a commodity on the NYSE. And then I found out I actually own $1600 of actual gold
Thanks for the tweet!
With chillin in austin
Attending wireless innovation alliance hearing on wifi and spectrum auctions with Senatprs Kerry and Moran And others.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbow-red, yellow, brown, black and white-and we're all precious in God's sight
/7 music notes 7 vital organs 7 days a week 7 liberal arts 7 colors of rainbow. Many more...
Following you now :)
Finally got my computer back smfh
you haven't been on twitter in ages.
IT'S YOU!
how are you related to ate april joy liwanag??? i 've browsed your Baluarte Trip Pictures..so cute.:)
that is my spot. A true (kinds hidden) gem!
I started wearing red lipstick, but then everyone else did so I stopped
team #shuckeyducky will kick ass eventually. It just may take a couple tries.
That sounds dirty.
Look forward to your sharing some of your new healthier recipes with us and our readers. Thank you.
The world is perfect it's MAD MAD MAD did i say MAD people.
just found out NIGHTSHADE, ('s sequel to THE POISON DIARIES,) came out 10/25! where have I been? *dashes to amazon*
Super Moon? Next month Full Moon only 0.6% farther away 0.6% "smaller" Missed last night because clouds? June 4 close to Super
SO awesome to see an AMTC alum on #TheVoice last night!! And she's AMAZING! Go Sharon Mathai!!! Very proud of our AMTC family :)
Don't underestimate strategy
Night World!
malick not here and mi phone off
In my cozy bed....night night 3 days till vegas yay <3
no g-f cake this year... Wasn't much of a birthday...
Tomorrow. :D
I miss you mucho!!!!!
Thinking of incorporating a new marketing initiative? Unless it is put on the #Lawyer's schedule it will not succeed. Marketing takes time.
Wanna freak out with me when Justin comes on? Hahaha
haha didn't you have a job during summer?
im bored.. day has been so damn long
don't let those fools get to you. Bmore supports you. Learn from your mistake and move on.
Is it me or is music getting crazy?
flipped is the best movie ever. SO relatable :) u were perfect for Bryce Loski ;)
Every inch of ad space in my train this am, even the ceiling, is for the Kindle. It's creepy, in a minimalist orange & white sort of way.
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Just bought a suit for $100, and it looks god. Watch out ladies!
God damn-it, that was the best Digital Short ever! HOLY SHIT
Los Angeles is never sexier than when it's just had a shower.
"World's Largest Pansies" sign by florist behind away team's bench at minor league hockey game. Funny.
This looks like an amazing opportunity to combat poverty. We are really interested to watch your program grow! MT
hahaha you never know, maybe he'd go the hospital with you ;P
sorry, that Vandy game was too exhausting to lift the cooler. I'll just splash some in the face.
#MORETHANTHIS just watched this. Absolutely love :)
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
I love you too, Paakow.<3
where are your helmets?!?
Kudos to checking the flight plans during the Peyton Manning sweepstakes! Found the flight plan for Bowlen's plane to NC.
thank you for the update
Aw. Sad moment. I really wanted to make the top 40 under forty in Alaska this year... Oh well, always next. Glad someone nominated me neways
I've found the easiest way to do that is - stay up all night...you'll sleep all day. :)
Have a great evening everyone. Hot day today in Chicago. Felt great. Please whoever controls this weather thing- we request more sun.
Come to Boston!!...just kidding, you would be killed by a mob.
move into 6 seed with Denver loss tonight #RedNation. Shaping up to be an incredible stretch run!!
No problem. I'm in MKE through lunch, then heading back to MSN for afternoon meetings. Stop by if you want to grab a beer.
We have tixs 4 sale. Stop in. RT : The #Ambition Tour Starring coming to Univ of #Cincinnati 10/19. Get #ambition early
*takes cereal* thank you. Where are the bowls & silverware? I don't know my way around er...this kitchen.
SO true! MT: We all owe you one. Otherwise no Trex-Mona Lisa-spaceship museum or int'l #drinkingaboutmuseums plan.
Gosh so tired suddenly, hate that, need one of those extreme 24 hour shots or something.
Better read the translations now before the lights go out! so pumped to see what Pierrot lunaire is all about.
Guess who your new co-worker is...!!
things that came true: "music, microcode, and high speed pizza delivery"
Q2 taxes and business license renewal all done and shipped. Feeling pretty good. Now on to more important things...
It's better to push something when it's slipping than to risk being dragged down.
Have a half a day tomorrow on Birthday! Thank him!
Hey guys I totally get it, I play with my own tits all the time
DITTO WHERE DA HELL U BEEN
Lovely treat seeing my favorite at the Memphis airport! All thanks to
Oh, what an endearing show! Final wknd for 's "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change."
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
thanks to my newest follower!!! I followed back.
Finely starting to feel better :)
I love London
If you break up with your girlfriend and she's also your dentist, then you gotta find a new dentist.
Keasha being too scary & Tammi taking it too far, they too grown for all that !
I am right with you on that.. Too many emotions, she was a voice of an angel
That what we do!
What is the word on Eric Arnett?
No plans yet--but working on it RT : will you be coming to NYC soon.
Dear #uncc49er wifi, please start working.
I really wanna find my RHPS DVD.
it's a long time before I'm getting concerned about what become of myself
Love games..I'm a pro in Yo game so u might don't wanna play it
I know some sports photogs that switched from Nikon and Canon (blasphemy, lol) for the pure speed on the top Sony.
Cant wait until my hair get long down my back again!
Eat your heart out x3
Ain't seen HD n awhile
he came home Sunday night but he's still kind of not feeling well
...now walking up gentle hill to 'Expect the rest of my day to be very BUSY. 'Nice to have had this FULL morning. :)
Thx for following.
Hahah thanks for spreading the word. We appreciate that.
“: "I'm still 100% in the Pack. We comin' we comin'" - #NYULilB”
Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie.' - Sandra Bullock
I use to love Ciara.!!
Shaking and nauseas, not having a good night
PLS CONFIRM email I just sent re your speaking time at BRITE '12 next Tuesday. (Can't wait to hear your talk!)
How awesome are you? Very awesome. Thank you!!
~kisses back~ sighs~ fine i love u be careful ok
Childish Major
The brief spots you see when you close your eyes and rub them hard are called PHOSPHENES.
Saying goodbye to Blessed to have known you, hugged you, laughed with you, prayed with you.
endless light, endless subject matter.
Where's Stephen A?
Thinking about law school? Meet our law reps today, 11-3pm, in the University Center, 2nd floor across from career ctr.
The magazines are better at the doctor's
oh lorrrddddd(; tweet that to him! Hahahaha. I will die if he retweets it.
Hah. Great stuff. RT : Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stoned
MLB's media dress code is reasonable, but disappointed they turned down my demand for and to wear Victorian corsets.
Did Romney really make the comment during an (off the record) interview that he really didn’t like mustard but loved Grey Poupon?
i see we are all taking this list pretty hard
In livingroom with mom and dad. Watching ridiculousness. Gross/funny!
Looking forward to the New Orleans Jazz Festival this weekend!
If you could change something in your life would you or just keep it the same?
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." George S. Patton
If the product IS the first of it's kind & WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you? Customer?
Tell us how you really feel!
bahaha! those old farts, and didn't know how to work stickam! X) It's ok i still love you guys.
Anyone know where I can get a violent Christmas sweater?
I can't wait for Barack Obama airport!
OMG! I gasped! Again. When do I not gasp when is in a dress!?!?
Will pledging to complete a degree make a difference in #community #college completion rates? bit.ly/nZrSYp RT
Take a look at our Services Offered..!
Ah , I need to go buy some things before work
Well. There's my answer..
first day of school semester and the cool kids already look so tired.
true, but i gotta get shit done
I JUST WANNA BE
If you fall stand tall and come back for more
Thanks Julie, it was great to meet you and Blake, you guys are great! I look forward to some awesome things from you two...
SHOPPING BUDDY? Did you ever find Gazelle
LAY LA LAY LA
This wed we start The Hump @ Filmbar! Come by and chill with some dope music!
i can lol and thanks for da fb squad i love u
fast and furious 4 really, the chicks, the drivers :>
Im sure that was on their mind when they named it. Anyways, good luck w/ the race.
NYC FREE PRINTING DELIVERY > www.800printingnyc.com > Graphic Design > Printing > Magazines > Newspapers > Poster Printing is our Specialty
Lost a big pot AJ<AA all in on AJ9 w/2 spades flop
Fordham grad student Catherine Osborne talking about Interfaith community center in Rouse-designed New City of Columbia MD.
i have a liitle york named Maggie
9/30 Entree Special: House Cured Leg of Duck Confit with French Green Lentils, Garlic Spinach & Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Wad up?
Man I'm loving the Kindle...and also loving the ability to talk to authors..
tweet me a number & i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr.(:
How many of you get insurance on your phone? I sure do.
Revenge is so sweet!
LOL. London hates you gave me a chuckle.
so excited you're coming to chicagoland. Just moved from Greenfield to Palatine. Now I get a familiar face!
yay!! At lest you got a job I meet the LA Clippers today well 3 of em
If that's the truth, you need that cheesy line.
Totally agree
IDK CAN'T WE JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HIS BEAUTY MY BBY :')
Yo, I make the meanest brownies tho. Could be special ones if you'd like ... if u catch my drift.
Getting harder to be mobile at $5/gallon... #gas #sucks Great reasons to
Yeah it's been there for a week or two. New nightclub maybe?
thanks Sean! :)
Oh wait... I have forty more tweets until 16k LOL FAIL.
Boxwire #BizTip: A little personality goes a long way.
IF THEY DID OMG. LET ME GO READ IT
Adv. Placement teachers: should your students write essays by hand or on a laptop? Which better prepares them for the AP test?
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Craws for a Cause organizer’s lapses have supporters fleeing
Thanks, and you're beautiful.
We ride.....we ride...till the day we die ...
thank you I'm sure you will be there in spirit
Kick rocks down a darks alley with open toed shoes on
But I'm stuck in Noisome Dungeon / and time keeps draggin' on
Princeton i hope u get that star wars cake u wanted lol. love u very much, happy birthday. #SpreadThePeace :)
the NW has ALOT of luv for you sending luv from SEATTLE :o) follow back!!
May is Strawberry Month and we are celebrating with our new SHAKE OF THE MONTH - Strawberry Banana!
I can't handle Fantasy football, I'm going nuts over here!
school in one week :'(
newt meant Spanish! Its a stretch to say he was talking about all the other languages. He wasn't referring to poor English!
I don't know if I'm a little hung over or just really tired
lol tell them! Also, buy them a sandwich
. where & when was that? Can you elaborate & contextualize?! #Zizek on #TahrirSqaure &
What is this life for, because when it rains it pours. . .
Failures are just the low hanging fruit of improvements to be done.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. -St Francis Sales
it only uses the words you use daily...so...
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 46
#artpolitics convergence between military propaganda and sonic fictions of artists. Disorienting power of sonic effects combined w/ fiction
Care too little, you will lose them. Care too much, you will get hurt..
Le gallery today was NOT at its best today.
Must have felt better today, I clucked along to “Money for Nothing” by Dire Straits. The Sting backing chorus was the hardest.
Smith pulled a Tebow!
He always has a top car there. It's like no one wants him to get on a roll.
figgers. there are caps fans sitting in my seats tonight.
Last day of work!
thanks for the great look. I'll be back for sure
Thanks for the follow <3
If u show me whats real i can show you how to love
almost forgot about it, but obv not.
Congrats, Ryan!
Bout to drink a cup of juice and eat a piece of candy to keep me up
Good investors look beyond that foolishness. Of course good AG's don't file civil suits frivilously either
I'm noticing.
ohh i say that ALOT. :b
Happy to be home with my family instead of anywhere near a store for # Black Friday.
Union's Reservable Space: Why are Nebraska Alumni taking over the new Union South Varsity Hall during the first Big Ten Game of the year?
make up your mind so we can figure out how to criticize you, already. Jeez
Come get down on HAPPY HOUR - Today - Dunkel and Pilsner 1/2 off....along with all appetizers! T-F 3pm-6pm
Baby Hank Basket might just be the cutest celebrity baby I've seen in a long time!
Horoscopes are bs.
I WAS RIGHT! BUT OF COURSE. Why would you RT me? :'(
“: Health food store is great start for a flu, lil honey & elderbeerry syrup may help &chicken soup/broth #latism”
Can confirm. I believe Hopworks.
AP food writer RT : Looking for eyes & ears at South Beach Food & Wine. Couldn't get down there. Keep me posted.
how are you doing Mr. Epps
Who cooking Sunday dinner I'm tryna get a plate.
Some guy told me he is in love with me and he just met me. He said he will take me to his mom and im absolutely beautiful
That is one Friggen huge Matzo Ball!!!!!
When your friends throw a surprise party for you I love my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
: thanks for your time this morning at temple coffee.
Good luck to Brockers and Ron at LSU Pro Day tomorrow. They have both done outstanding. We will post results as soon as we get them.
that's so cool just one question why does Kimberly have a hand around her neck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> ?
The moment when u say sumthing so random! Me: DANg!! Anit no body check on my ravioli's! *burning* MY SHA- BANG BANG's
there's a picture of some of them with the girls from RNG but idk for sure
thts a complex verse, I mean its kinda wack but still holds pun to it but not a knockout. Btw your on your way, feelin your shizzzz
Sure, I'll finish it by Friday and will post everywhere.
in undergound Atlanta eating like crazy
It's so fabulous that if we shared we would have to kill you.
#MOSDOHevent The "soil has been turned" and a new chapter in ATSU's history has begun!
S/o o my new follower
If u think spongeBob squarepants is real?follow me n ill follow u
Lol. Stop acting like you don't care.
Thanks for following
I love my Honda 2004 -- what great new features will be for Honda 2012 Accord?
I know...pretty crazy huh. But that's LA weather in the Winter. I've grown up here and it still weirds me out.
Gardening tills my soul.
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you don't start rumors or drama
Good night #packernation. God bless you all.
you can follow people through text xD ohh and you should get on facebook...like asap.
hope everything is good. Enjoy your game babe, i'm going to bed. I have to drive to austin 2morrow.. Laterzzzz.
Looking forward to seeing a few new student followers in the next 24 hours. Come on in the water is fine!
Shoutout from Atlanta. Make sure an grab some Ria's pancakes on your layover.
omg. cat and mouse. omg.
Felic Sant Jordi! Must pick up reading fiction again, starting ya!
Not having yet listened, what's the over-under on Jiggly Caliente being the one who hasn't seen #parisisburning?
"My cat is so cute when she does human stuff like fart <33" ....well mines a dude(:
wathching mean girls!! (;
Idk, do we get to meet them or not? It didn't give details.
I wish ha..
Strip Centers,Restaurant Bar,Multifamily,Ministorage,Carwash,Auto Repair,Office Building,Warehouse,Ranches and Farms,Commercial Land
When a friend tells you that you made wrong choice and should have gone with another one just remember why you made the choice your with
Garcia is DEALING! Come on Cards.
Brilliant Gossip Girl quote: "these stories are meant to sell papers to women who collect ceramic cats" -- Chuck Bass
happy birthday Austin,you might not see this but youve been such a inspiration (: iloveyouu (:
Im in n out da pussy like a prison visit! Dude went hard
True ": Hi I'm a lakers fan and I'm still gay ."
#ILostRespectForYouWhen when u talk dirty behind ppl back
Beers with dad...Hells yes sir!!!
Can't stop slappin that Killem!
So I did then the drive thru lady ask if we wanted to try the new frozen lemonade my brother yells at her and says NOO -_- rude!.
absolute craziness!!!!
really never heard the foo fighters song "walk"? it's good. I had only heard 2 of the 5 myself
Maybe! ": Maybe it has something to do with #JuniorKimbrough ?"
I think I may be the last person left at sigma nu!
Tell me if you have instagram :)
Okay, followed back! Can you give me a price quote on a sew-in and individual eyelashes?
go to lunch and read the paper:-)
Nice, lucky you. What was the worst obstacle?
This dude T.D. Jakes is good!!!!!
Proud to boast the #1 stock Options Trading Strategy service on the internet. Nobody beats our strategy! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Would playing wii and drinking drinks help?? Come over!!
If you have insurance most phramcies it will not except it.
Seeing all these families makes me miss mine. 3 days!
I like to eat. I just did potato chips minutes ago.
As soon as Chuck starts playing Skyrim, it's all I want to play. Even though I got the new Assassin's Creed las night!
Maybe I'm donating blood so I don't have to work out, just maybe
Hasbro already did a movie on Monopoly. It was called Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
Thank you! And happy wishes to you to!
“Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, But beautiful old people are works of art”
lol I bet it was I ate some chilli man I was hungry after the gym
I,m gonna keep tweaking my Warwick Corvette until I get it right,Im almost there!Just a little bit more of string height ajustment is needed
It's funny sometimes, but serious, too. I mean, Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner determines future of humanity? Wow
that was from yesterday.. Hahaha
celebs are walking out to the stage to make the draw....
A Lawyer Brings Order to an Unruly Shop: Palace Entertainment: Best Legal Departments 2012: The GC was determined to ensure that, abo...
thats a big fish! Still not as big as though.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Cant wait to see the bestie after school
thanks for the RT - hope things are going well for you.
Taking myself to the movies!
cruel! I was about to cry! Haha jk love u guys
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
bummer. hope he is able to avoid trouble and get out sooner.
Santorum: "My policy is not written on an etch a sketch" - gets biggest applause of the day
Writing is not our strength, strategic initiatives is. Your help would be appreciated. Thank you.
baseball games go so much quicker when I have football to watch :-)
Please follow and DM us your account information and more details and our Support Team will look into this.^CS
We wish you did too, Greg!
I cant believe somebody made up a rumor that said you died! Get better! Lots of love(:
Killing this strawberry slushy!
Have you ever heard of Thomas Place? Its renovated and right on University Ave! Call 612-703-RENT
Good morning everyone. Lets make is a beautiful day.
Dana Perino is on Jeopardy tomorrow? Didn't she have to ask her husband what the Cuban Missile Crisis was?
thanks for the follow! Look forward to visiting you on my next trip to Minneapolis.
I know it all comes down to the food at the end, but Sarah is a major bitch and I hope that Paul wins :)
If anyone plans on showing up late turn around. I waited 5 minutes and started heading home.
Accelerated by Bronwen Hruska is set in a Private School in NYC #aapindie May have teen appeal
I need to tweet more
thought the State of your City was great! Good job!
HP's Cloud Matrix can call vCloud Director? That's pretty cool.
Of course I got scheduled to work the most on my busiest week. -__-
he made a music video talking about how much he loved haters... then takes it off youtube cause there was too many haters...
Everytime she comes to class she is literally wearing jeans with a sweater or a long sleeve. Like damn girl, its hot as fuck outside lol
I love that you show so much love. So I wanted to show you love.
looking forward to meeting in person.
Cotton Collection is the BIzNESS....Eatons center better not disappoint me today.....
She is the reason everyone here has suffered. She alone.
The Cabin in the Woods was CREEPY!
On 1 hand - Trader Joes good 4 diet food. But way too many temptations.
Why does my home page say "haven't updated yet"...sigh
Merry Christmas all! I got a new mac-pro, THANK YOU SANTA =)
Aw ok
This is ignored all the time! MT FB cover image: remember no contact info, call to action or arrows pointing to like
Arkeia Software Launches Technical Advisory Board
Great start to
Oh...em...gee, Ryan Seacrest just got Sasha-ed!
OMG, that looks sinfully delicious!
i see you like em exotic ;) lol
Does he REALLY?
#followfriday (my alter ego)
bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
this week before finals may be the death of me
He who rides a tiger is afraid to dismount. ~ Chinese Proverb
.: last leg. session, small businesses accepted tax hike rather than closing loopholes allowing big corps. to dodge state taxes.
DC ain't but so big how come I don't run into some of y'all nowhere
You're welcome :D
you like pizza hut huh?
my pal and I are enjoying your site today.
Let's live it up tonight no tellin how long we got on this earth give me 1 night of fun that will last a lifetime
It has been a fun run but now I'm an official active of BYX!
so sleepy. haha. what about you?!
FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT FROM ME!! FOLLOW HER NOW!! 1
Yeah, tolls are a rip off. It's a tax, plain and simple.
Hokey Game!
It had to grow on me but I've really been enjoying Cong Vu 4-tet's Leap of Faith. Has real depth that wasn't apparent on initial listens.
Lots in sports media paying close attention to metrics surrounding sharing. Traffic metrics discussed as distracting.
I don't need to buy anymore makeup but I can't help it. It's like telling a fat kid not to eat cake....
yea, just like Ally Sheedy giving Matthew Broderick the time of day in War Games.
3 more days until my Justin Bieber conceeerr <3
wHY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH???
I learned two lessons today.
I should of taken summer classes like everyone else :( but I plan on enjoying my summer :)
Thanks as always!
It's 12AM and my dad isn't home yet.
Dinner and wine in the backyard on March 14th! Even saw a lightening bug...if only every March night were so perfect!
hello again to notepad++! finally getting to work after a week of pure leisure
Do you need quick cash for the holidays? Factor your accounts receivable and have operating capital.
Just made breakfast for me and my brother:*
Last night was so much fun.(:
Go study film!! ;-) Off day don't know what to do with myself.. What should I do?!?
Only to find out later it's a dude. Scary draft pick in my opinion for a 1st RDer...
I really wish you could see all of the tweets i have been sending you:/ It would mean ALOT Would you mind following me?<3
Ugh it sucks being sick:( But least I don't got to go to school though:)
Must give a shout out to the Kansas women's hoops team right now. 53-43 lead on Delaware with 12 min. to play. Can Jayhawks make Sweet 16?
A smile is a sign of joy. Hug is a sign of love. Laugh is a sign of happiness. And a friend like me.. thats just a sign of good taste
Clap quick, the immortal child is fast becoming the dead man.
Justin Dior Combs <333333333
- How bout what Ted Nugent said? The great patriot that dodged the war.
R.I.P. Dale... the walking dead community will miss you.
Just spent two hours waking around in the freezing cold, and it was awesome.
Hey & I were chatting bout lunch-- can we do Wed? Wed I will have more time .... Let us know!
Can't wait any longer for this #Ku game. Let's do this shit #jayhawks n party on
#iCantStandWhen I Stupid'Slut Is Tryin To Go After SomeOne Elses Man,and Then Cant HandleIts Like Bitch Yes I Get Jealous Whats Mine Is Mine
Not anymore ...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: When the witness becomes the outlaw: It's actually a crime to see child abuse or neglect and not report it.
RT "Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented." - Elie Wiesel
If you're not following on twitter. You're fucking up. He just called some broad "baby shrek" for questioning his sexuality.
I laughed
haha! No way gusgus. Oh and congrats on passing all of your nursing things! <U+263A>
so he reverted a full year?
Second 'real' day in the Boston area, first day at Harvard: IP protection.
I need a vacation. No wait I think I'm on vacation. I need to go home then.
GOOD MORNING!!! (;
thanx so much!!
I like this Green Lantern movie, people hate on it but I like it. I hope Reynolds gets a second chance and they make a sequel
The fact that my phone Internet isnt working and I honestly don't know what to do with myself on this bus ride...
Thank you ma'am, the #work is real.
I know, wtf?? I already changed my address like 3 months ago & the company knows.
Have so much honey! My g/f is up there doing make-up for several shows & I told her I WILL be going with her next time ;)!
YES. RT : "Art is the signature of civilizations." - Beverly Sills
Oh can't wait for the new black ops game.
cant wait :D
Happy Easter
thank you! and it's Amanda
Go Kandi! The songs sounds great!
yo i want to get you on a track w/one of my artist get back at me IM me
In what ways are you going to be intentional in 2010?
MT : ...big game at the Bradley center tonight. U don't wanna miss the girl singing the anthem either
We're waiting for John in Greenfield Park. Robb is ready to roll.
You guys should really do a song together and make a sick video!!!!!
print job awesome! Thanks!
Can't wait for this!
Good Luck Today , Enjoy Your Marriage To Aksana...and Best Of Luck To You 2 In The Future...
LOL Good idea. I need to watch more so I can really pick which one I want to review.
I wish would hurry up and get here already! I'm ready to get this vacay underway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
hey umm i know we havent talked in a while but im sorry for any thing i said 2 u
How????? I've been trying to get hold of one since they were announced!!!
Check in "computed" or "layout" in your document inspector.
haha so wht did u do yesterday
Oh yeah, the oscars are boring. Somehow I forgot about that
If you mean in our lifetime then I have, if you mean today then no comment :( ": So who had sex already?"
RT will be honored as Communicator of the Year by , #ParagonAwards May 25th. www.prsawis.org
Are you serious, Clark?
#abortion #contraception argument is really about men wanting control of their #semen even after it's left the building and by God given up
but there is no way that tomorrow will have those kind of numbers. But if it catches on, strikes during the summer could be a prob
going to look into it next week!
Literally made made this face when I read your tweet :/ gross RT Anal sex is scary
Czech friends who came to the show said that Bryan Putnam captured the heart of the Czech people. Take the journey #NYMF 2009!
ian y u in dinial that u iz sexy
in the playoffs again!! Great win. But more work to do. Let's go #Nuggets!!!
My bby ain't playn wit this corn lol too bad I gotta let my mom finish feeding him gotta go workout thn to my other duties
Those type of beats that you can listen to them forever and never get bored >
I thought I was prepared for #UConn to be bad, but apparently not. This is just painful.
I'm about to go to sleep.
SMM Camp has just started and if you are not here...you are definately missing out.
I don't know. Going to look at things again in the morning. Continental's website isn't showing any flights until Wed., so maybe
Mezzanine, definitely. What show?
First day back to work after 3 week vacation, trying to remember passwords. Still on Madrid time so may not be thinking at my best.
Drop your attitude and then talk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
They often (especially w certain companies) should be called, "Don't! It's a trap!" Coupons.
So tired.....Need
because I was stating my opinion on how he thinks he's famous and he got all mad
uuuuuuuuggggggghhhhh that sucks.
We have successfully migrated to a new server; Blogs@ Baruch is accessible on campus. DNS changes are currently propagatin' 'round the world
RT : Check me out today at noon, w/ Kim Dodson & Mike Biberstine via webinar w/ the Hoosier Environmental Council-HECweb.org
Phone is about to die and my charger is at my other parent's house.
If this album doesn't blow people's hair back, I don't know what will.
Nola - this time they tweeted invasion and aggression
bye bye blue devils!
lol and how the fuck r u gonna get me 950 new followers? oh well worth a shot *RT*
yea I do. I used to have a writers list but haven't updated it in six months.
I need a YSL shirt to go along witg my “success is my cologne smell
you have hit the big time madam
What song are you on now, Stu? It better be a fucking happy one.
Going to the gym working out till it hurts. Then do another set. Reward myself by eating anything I want. #
Just finished a big painting. Looking at it. Trying to determine whether or not it's good. Have no means of doing so. Enjoying that problem.
Spinach salad with egg, turkey, tomatoes, broccoli, avocado.
don't get me wrong, I believe he can...I'm just hoping...
Feeling down ://
saw running through rittenhouse square this morning
love it, must rt
I LOVE YOU.<3 Im watching u at your concert RIGHT NOW in NJ. YOUR AMAZING. ~Lauren<3
ik who this is about I feel special haha
I Got U
Hi to your 5th graders!! xx
Multiple bases and an RBI no less!
Yay! Shall we eat pecan pie together?
For Our Hero, that's just a bounce pass away.
Hey Jan! Great to connect.
RT: if you BRUSHED YO TEETH this morning.
I hope my fellow WICR friends will forgive me that I won't be attending state convention next month :(
Awful RT : Sea otters have been known to rape and drown baby seals.
My kingdom for an analytics-focused staffer.
Have my headphones on, belting out glee showtunes while cleaning my room with the blinds closed, then realized my window's open. My bad.
what on earth is this atrocity/specter of a twitter account? ->
is having a crazy bananas happy day today!
Is my stomach growling?
My neighbor is having a personal revival, complete with praises, shouting, and speaking in tongues. No one else is with her, its kinda wierd
I'm cursed to have nightmares about fast tracking for the rest of my life. It's a serious issue, guys. Don't do drugs or fast track.
it aint like u care tho but its cool lol......ill move around
You can go and take that lil piece of shit with ya...
Q4 encourage associates to "show and tell" with peers
hi Steve!
Pay-What-You-Can tonight at our 8pm performance of #Bhutan If-You-Can-Pay $5
Best or Sproles?
facebook is not boring
Yeah, I got it. I'll like it as soon as I can. & I'll tell other people to like it as well.
>"good smelling mexican" ... wat
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind the last grind (the last song)
Excited for my lil sisters, , quinceanera this summer ='D I can't wait! Love u Jocita<3
Me tori and glen walking at 1:30 in the morning >
I just checked in at Charlottesville, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Lamb sausage and lamb pate from PQM are both incredible. No mild farm-raised lamb flavor here - full-bore, fatty lamb flesh.
From headphones to microphones, from interpretation to conversation.
Second day of textbook sell back at the store. Long day and 8 more to go before the semester ends! Ready for #summer hours!
what's in Nashville?
Less than ONE week left! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
ya vick is athletic...just not a good qb
at dinner!
#NowWatching Tough Love- New Orleans
Mechanical trouble delays Mercy’s departure
north richland hills!
RT Q: What is your ideal job? #GOODasks Earning a living doing something I would volunteer to do
done, awesome. Thanks for the suggestion :)
Understood. We look forward to seeing it tomorrow.
If you have > 50 followers than your opinion is obviously more valued... But no, I still don't care.
because were American!!!
just sitting and tweeting :P about to watch tv.
Fishbowls full of scotch.
Opera or football? The age old question. My dichotic interests encapsulated.
You are very welcome! Welcome back, Mr. Carpenter! ": Thank you."
We the Kings Concert
Happy 4th everyone
Infantino Union Ergonomic Carrier, Gray | Baby Backpack Seats
Very very disappointed about work today smh
Regret that I didn't take a Red Bull when I walked by the Red Bull girls.
Headed to the Cocktail Challenge by with my favorite Asian. xoxococo
Oh man, my ears have heard way too much today.
isn't that what happy pills are for?
Tonight im slappin a broke hoe wit my hair style cause its my birthday ! #primal tonight
Thank you for the mention and happy Labor Day!
<3 our experts! RT : Best news all day from Tanya Zuckerbrot 'Don't shun coffee, there are great health benefits'
belated 'hi'. I ran off to work. Now I am running off to the beach ;-)
Great job with Shep on the Fox Report. You add so much value to any show or segment you are on!
I hate being sick -.-
Only twice? I've said "They're done" at least four times.
psh freshman can't leave campus! I'll bring you back a cookie
Amber Live tonight featuring 10-1AM don't miss it!
I'm at panera and haven't ran into someone I know yet. What's going on?
Glad that you like that we like! To God be the Glory!
u can't play & own. Ownership is given after he retires. Check out last few tweets
Me, Cole,& Brian were running around in the hallways today.....
wouldn't let hers go!
Getting ready for dinner and party later!
me too. At least my home one is. Pulled ahead of jenni 7-7 to 6-7
Looking forward to meeting you at McCoy on Saturday! Excited for my first trip of the year!
FREE #DCoEWebinar on mild #TBI & co-occurring disorders March 24 at 1p.m. E-mail .mil to sign up! via
bahahaha especially on Fremont!
Today I'm playing "how quickly can Javascript crash a browser?"
Dickie V is horrible. Give me bilas or bob knight who actually analyze the game. You're 72 bro. Grow up.
Looking forward to fun tomorrow with , music by DJ Dibs, featured artist Chris Burke and eats by Food for Thought
stressing me out,
my couz watching Phineas and ferb a long time have not watch that
definitely works!!!! you're the BEST. I owe you BIG TIME. :D \m/
If it looks like I'm on crack today, I swear I am not.... That much... Jk! I'm really not....
I"d be tempted to take myself to go see the Avengers but I should defo not be driving right now. *hic*
''Daddys little girl knows how to party, she's screaming throw some sugar on me!''
cant wait to turn up tonight!
make sure they have their lucky shirts on! :-)
I frikkin hate those scantron things!
yeah? I love what they offer. Def worth the $100 if you 'bout it. I been sold since before they opened. I'm on it once I pop!
Friends are God's ways of apologizing for our families. - Anonymous
i was going to be upset if i didn't figure out that song!!
Whitney H.inspired me to become a singer and i really was looking forward to meeting her i pray that God be with her family during this time
working on writing for "Trill Cosby". Got a sick hook ready to go!
I can't wait to hear the story - or was it just because we were running late this morning?
All I've learned from the Steve Job's bio so far is that LSD will make me more successful.
it lasted forever it seemed... Good luck
I enjoyed it immensely. One of his better ones, I think.
needs to find a new location for Winter Retreat 2010. RIP Yankee Springs
Gave Castro props for staying in power so long. Not such a smart move.
A home cooked meal is exactly what i need right now
I stepped out of my house into a fridge.
Coupon valid for redemption 5/6 & 5/7 ONLY at participating restaurants.
Note to self: you CAN fit a cell, wallet, and minivan keys in the front pocket of #skinnyjeans. But you shouldn't.
typical... I'd say it's over with haha might as well just go buy a new one
That is funny. And, for some reason, also very perceptive. I had somehow forgotten about Ryan's penchant for expletives.
Pardone my son. He seems I think tweeting star wars is cool when playing with the phone.
nigga u must be hungry
im too lazy to do anything but whatever
It's actually pretty nice so far, and I hear the winters are not as bad as Chi-Town! I definitely miss Chicago though!!
This game iss frustrating me I'm scared
I *wish* they weren't my pages :-P I started editing some of them but it's slowing down my hi-tech cuttin' and pastin'
A little late but it was amazing seeing you on #Glee . Big fan:)
We've still got to order the really big one
Shows you how much I know. Pacific was phenomenal last year
I miss you!
squeakiest wheel?<----wait till the wheels come off
wants cookies
Me too. She's my absolute favorite. :)
i look up to u ! ure smart woman- its true ! i am honest!!!
Checkout!!! Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, thanks...
Food fact of the Day: May 1st, 1927 Imperial Airways became the first British airline to serve hot meals.
so did you..
I'm hot cause she ducking
ABSOLUTELY. You know very well that I would hang out with him. Maybe organize a Wed night bingo group?
#sytycd is over! It was a pretty good season! Congrats on the win! What did you think of the season overall? dld.bz/aa6Qd
ECHR Rules in Favor of Illegal Squatters in Bulgarian Roma Case ...
Watch out for my vagina
Battery is also new...
I want to have Vanessa Bayer's babies.
Highlights of Jazz Fest: Did you know John Stamos is president of the Beach Boys fan club? The Full House heartthrob said so in his i...
Breaking news!! Newt Leads mittens in all major polls 4 wives to 1.. and mittens rebuttles, all 4 of his wives were from 1 mariage.. lol
Have a and LOVE it. RT : Rather have a than a diamond ring.
So much fun with tonight! Good food. Good wine. Laughed til we cried. Stole a chair from a cafe. Danced to Motown.
Abt time #GOP just came out & changed name of party. How abt "Christian Crusade Party"?
Of course you can do it the hard way and seek out and contact these companies on your own
At Parkview for consortium meeting.
follow me back? that be the smart thing to do! btw you followed my old account before it got hacked
Good job refs, dont call the travel but then call the foul on Chandler. UNREAL
"One of the sad things on the web right now is that people don't experiment." ~
I would rather read a book than watch the news these days.
Last week of school?? Ok now I think I'll start to try
Dude next to me is now reading every item on the menu out loud, and then commenting at it....he is also wearing a 10 gallon hat.
Dry head that's that shit i don't like
if only we had a dollar for every time someone says "who cares". Plenty of people. Just not you.
Fresh cut, fresh shoes, fresh whip, listening to
What kind of singer are you? Is your music online anywhere? And where'd you get that hoodie. I wanna get one also.
My Twitter Is Rated "I" . "I" say what the fuck "I" want , when "I" feel like it. Therfore if you dont like it [i] Dont Give A FUCK !
We will be playing at the howlin wolf northshore tomorrow night in Mandeville. Come see us!
DES FUSHO IM COO WID IT
My brother is having a birthday party what do I do? Sleep in the car. Too cool.
“: Had fun at the harmony sweet tonight. Hayden oh my, Through arteries, and Arisen all did wonderful”
Big time Nest Cam love. Amazing!
Kevin, eff I've been a longtime Phillips consumer. Their shizzle lasts forever.
I like it when the #Brewers win.
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
Hathitrust digital repository: ~10 million volumes, about 28% are public domain or permitted display by rights-holders
Naps are fucking legit.
"I'm so ready for school to be over!" -All of us as if we actually go to class
Hanging at Bodega. Having more fun than you are.
Ok I am still in ikea, this place has officially given me a headache and I'm ready to leave!!!
I don't want to see anyone from that team win anything.
If BS were music some of us would be a brass band!
Welcome new luvs part 2! Thanks for following!
do you know how he died
Yes! Such a cute puppy!
you better not leave me I'd be upset
is yelling at the computer while playing Webkinz games.
Forecast calls for rain through Saturday. My bike gets several baths this week. That's how I keep it clean.
I wonder if iwrite a real good song kcan someone sing it to me.?(':
my fault lol, we are goin june 28 til the first. The hotel and plane ticket will cost 370 all together
in March sometime.
Its not even funny how ridic tiredi am.
Thanks, just heard FFL“: The accident is at N river Rd and HWY 36. Hwy 36 is being completely blocked off.”
- you're awesome. I mean that.
Note to self.....fuck everyone handle my own business
Websites gone and you're still gettin titties...You are the definition of a god.
Why do people come to me for relationship advice??
What the hell is Goofy?
Broadway bar tonight
or pop bottles :-) that's what our bulldog loves to chew on!
thanks for tweeting i forgot and almost missed it!
Bwahaha! RT : What the f? I must be drunk, I put back street boys on pandora on the radio
please follow me!!!!!!
Awesome, glad to assist :)
or i made? O_O
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT : There are differences between virtual assistants and administrative consultants...find out here --->...
The moral this time is girls make boys cry
Love this quote (:
Ron Paul "Replace income tax with nothing" OK. YOU pay for federally funded programs yourself.
so there's this new girl at my school.i think Bailey likes her. i mean he like RAN to her. i would have cried right then.
- we will talk as soon as I get back in town...(I get back Monday evening from India)
RT : . speaking at , 2pm today w/ Come hear about his new book Net Smart. Join us!
Nice work!
Thanks for the #FF!
I LOVE YOU!! STAY STRONG.<3 HATERS ARE GONNA HATE & WORDS HURT, BUT YOU CAN DO IT!! :)
Ok, Blake Griffin dunks hard-no hate, but the man's game aint at All-Star level!
Ah this is bull shit! I wanna kill one of these airport persomell!!! Fuck you!!
I fuck with the street fam
I love #glee <3
Miss USA 2012 may be held in miami , Florida!
five minute break to pretend my hockey stick is a guitar so i can rock out to "land of confusion" by genesis... check.
show was too funny. cant wait to tune in next week ! lol
My phone says 4G!! That's new
Tornado watch?
So frustrating..opening djs need to realize it isn't an audition. RT : Opening DJ playing levels at 10:45
Thanks everyone for joining. Same time next year.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :)
I don't got ya number !
nacho salad. Ground beef, black beans, green chiles, tomatoes, olives, salsa for dressing & a couple cracked tortilla chips.
yea ok
RT : #Illini search now turning to Ohio coach John Groce, sources say.
It's always nice spending time with your family. I was out with my sisters until 2am. now I can't sleep.
Johns incredible pizza- macaroni pizza.... Incredible. :-0
Can I get 6 tix from you today?
Mine are 26 and 17. The 26 year old serves as a reminder that 17 doesn't last forever. ;)
thanks for all the incredible tech coverage. Solid new brand with a dedicated crew. Looking forward to all the #CES news.
Hahaha it's funny how #moving a #piano is always such a #hassle ...
something is wrong with the internet. or twitter. or my phone. either which way, I can't post photos.
Free cover art to whoever wants it, for the rest of the month!
Just passed up my old house bring back memories
awesome practice tonight....
It can be a good thing to be adaptable.
Christie Brinkley hasn't even opened her mouth and I want her to shut up.
boy a niggardly haven't tweeted in so long I need to start back twettingg..zayy
Why do people who I wanna retweet have their settings so I CAN'T!!!!!
and by "rarely" I meant "early." damn you autocorrect!
thank you! I'm now following them all!
I found it!!!! I love mascara B
Dad, thought we'd agreed you'd stay OFF The Twitter. And a "vulvacon"? Gimme the car keys. RT 8 months with ({})
I just sang Whitesnake's "Here I Go Again" with more feeling than I ever imagined was possible.
"I'm not gonna lie, im not tryin to hit on you, wait thats a lie, I am hitting on you." - hahahaa oh Payton.
#$houtout to all the independent women getting ready to punch the clock.
Beautiful! Love your use of color.
I am not a loser!
Happy Friday! What are you working on today?
We just got one of those Roomba robot vacumns. It just went under the couch and I think I hear it crying.
always on the move.
first wipes then cream then diaper
Haven't been on all that much as of late. Trying to figure out a few things personally, & work has been absolutely NUTS.
Oh cool! I'm busy with your mom too ;) Tell them I say hello!!
How would you describe your ultimate game room?
haha sounds good.
RT : I'm convinced Sarah Palin is getting all of her Paul Revere information from The Beastie Boys.
i hope so too
Roma's a goddess! As are you!
how's your mom doing today?
Tragic, so tragic. But finally free.
My future's in the past
the world's loss.
Need tons of Promo Staff 7/21 in San Diego for Comic-Con. Send height, picture and info and we'll let you know whats up!
When is the contract with NBC and Notre Dame up?
as long as we both know he's mine..
If she knows where shes at after u done hittin that..
Radical! A pilgramage to my homeland. Viva la sayulita!
I'm not sure I'd call it "great American cinema" but it is something you should see at least once I think
#songstuckinmyhead, "Turn the Beat Around." Why?
SHOWER POWER! <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Pipe down lineman, your lucky they even let one on the list #probablybyaccident #NICKS90?
": Why was the boy sad? Because he had a giraffe stapled to his face. #jamesantijokes"id be scared..
not helpful! Can barely afford either but need a bike in good shape.
i smell like yogurt now... thanks J'lee.
Seriously.Can't believe that ugly Tweet. Worst thing I've ever read on Twitter. Agree with Mr. Young's responses.
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
Baby Baby Baby oh
Free Hors Doevres at the Bar Brio Downtown in Flatiron 5-7pm monday to friday
Excellent! No powder, appreciate that. Sounds like 100s more arrive shortly.
Good Luck! Why don't you trying listing whatever you don't sell on #EggDrop? It's easy & better than throwing stuff out.
Wanna go to the baseball game with me at 8?
RT!!!": Ion Hold Grudges Just Know I Wont Eva Fuck Witcha Again!"
A BIG Hello to all my new followers! :)
Spent the day as a style consultant :)
you are welcome and it is coming soon ;)
Dipped out of a birthday party to watch the end of the #clippers #grizzlies game. So glad I did!!
We are having a referral contest on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG for 1oz HCG - Lose up to 2lbs of fat per day
My only Blk Fri. purchase was your new book: Push Has Come to Shove Relax, it wasn't on sale! :-)
So in like 15 years i think my school's baseball team hasn't made it into regionals or whatever well this year we made it to Semi-Finals
para, para, paradise every time she closed her eyes. <U+2764>
thank you for your support!
Just misread "sundial confirmation" as "suicidal confirmation." LOL I think it's time to turn off the computer...
great article
best news we heard today;) RT : . bought my tix today! Stoked!
it's on at 9:00pm central time. Thanks for tuning in my man!
Your Body Speaks - Are You Listening - Blog featuring Rubenfeld Synergy and how this powerful body-mind approach helps to support and...
awesome! Drive by more often!
Can one just say: "I am an Artist, therefore I serve a social need" And because of that I get special status?
it is definitely an interesting experience - the wet and warm water, clacking of dishes and silverware...
Hi! I am doing food & enjoying that it's Saturday! How are you doing?
Really enjoying Krytzof Urban's talk on word space models and keyword search at
that girl already has tickets to the show that's really not fair reconsider??
: OK, that was pretty good. RT : What do they call The Hunger Games in France? Battle Royale with Cheese.
Good Morning All!
just downloaded Ah Yeah off iTunes. I like!!!!! #realmusic hope a tour to Florida is coming soon...
We've got our RLife music preview at Tallulah this evening with the Baldwin Sisters. Come see us after LSU's spring game.
let me explain. I also have twitter access to HELP and can tweet on their behalf
I would say layers of struggle and their ability to continue on the journey of inner seeking
One day I'll write it "Be More, Do More, Have More" my personnel blue print to change & success in life
what you doing tonight?
always a surprise
“: My driving skills > 's driving skills” Your Danica Patrick behind the wheel
his daddy might.
You don't like the purple ones?
Thank you guy whp invented yoga pants ;) you sir are a real man of genius #A$$
Awesome day
#everyone follow me for a free follow back!!! do it!!!
Sometimes life doesn't want to give you something you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve more....
Nice. This world is too damn small!
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx9
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday 2U- peace - luv
Loved seeing so many Mom's with their kids in the city today! Made me 'Miss' Sally!
Hm who wants to text me?? (:
Just watched the second season of Sons of Anarchy , i wish i had a biker gang to have my back lol
going to walk to seven eleven lol.
oh my
One takeaway from : boundaries between donor, archivist, user blurring in digital age. Agreed and excited about possibilities.
Why am I so sad right how?
love that song!!!
its a pre-internet quote from William Burroughs on the creative process—a bulwark against the idea of (divine) inspiration.
thank you for the code I kept tweeting but you missed it, walking dead is awesome
Followed :) -Maria
- I sure do have a beta invite. DM with your email and I will send one right over.
okay thanks:)
. & will be announcing the Binary Battle Top 10 apps to impact science in about one hour.
it's nice of you to help boost others' confidence like that.
hey man how have you been?
Who wants a free cup of a fresh brewed coffee drink? Ask to find out how!
#WorldofConcrete is less than 100 days away! Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the recent RTs and for all the goodknowledgespreading you do
oh yeah Al Jazeera is really known for their honest reporting right? nice try - propaganda club is a better name for them
this isnt very good :'/
“: What do you call 6.9? A good 69 interrupted by a period....” are u thinking what I'm thinking?
That's my predicament tonight, too.
I asked Eli what his favorite restaurant was this morning. He reply was, "Cracker Barrel!" A boy after my own heart!
"Ugh. my brain feels like it just went to 24hr fitness" signs of a great story breakdown session.
I admit. The environment Im in makes me weak. So much negativity. Its like trying to be an angel surrounded by devils. LOC campus...
Enjoy Texas BBQ and folk music at The Heritage Society's Big Texas Welcome!
Alright! Goodnight fellow kpoppers! Tomorrow is fangirl-over-CNU day :D don't miss it
if i would`ve known you were that thirsty for her i would`ve handed her over mad long ago #hopOff . she NOT that BAD !
Will do ma'am!
"You shouldn't waste your feelings on people who don't value them." Watching The Sitter with hilarious & enlightening.
Happy #FF shot out to new & old tweeters!
Hilarious! At McDonald's. Mom tells kid not to blow straw to make wrapper fly. Dad walks around corner of booth, blows his wrapper at kid!
Why are we being bombarded with information/interviews with the Madoff family?
we aren't getting off at one yet? Ugh I don't know. We just went through the toll and he took the ticket.
Good morning! (:
Worked al morning tired af time to hit the shower n bowl :)
Look like a Fortune 500 company no matter your size. Simply your invoicing & time tracking w/ our awesome sponsor :...
Just a reminder: keep it clean.
Gotye: "uh oh, I snapped a mallet that's no good.". Keyboard player: "ROCK AND ROLL!!". Amazing.
Great rehearsal tonight. Time to get some sleep, 'cause tomorrow we hit the road...
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm entertained easily
More... Those involved feel they were mislead by ABOVE, really? Have they seen his work. ABOVE if you're out there U keep doing your thing!
Be safe Chicago! RT : Severe thunderstorm watch for Chicago area until 7 p.m. via
RT : Good Morning!>>> Good morning to you! Navy nurses ROCK!
no sir I am not havin a good day at all. I am the grinch of valentines day. How's ur day going ? Lol
yea. It should
Kelly Clarkson tickets in 15 minutes (around 4:45) with the End of the Workday Giveaway. The game today is Dead or Canadian!!! ~boomer
So what would get you to enter a jingle contest? Cash Prize, other prizes? Pubblicity? Chance to be on TV? Radio? Celebrity Judges?
very sad to see u leave the white house.
You only have one dick, so you only need one girl.
back to bed with me .. maybe I'll have a nice sexual dream with scifi undertones; or a scifi dream with sexual undertones!
Yeah, still on TweetDeck, but I haven't upgraded. I like the older version.
Awesome new Pizzeria and marketplace at , very close to us! Check in on Foursquare to get a free glass of wine!
That one friend who's down for anything >>
Nah--I Guess We Should Start Utilizing Our Emails Lol
I don't wanna be in Memphis any more i'm gonna go back to Iowa to my roots and be there...
Snowing in the Valley of the Sun. Kinda cool. Heavy clouds & people running out to snap photos. Guess it's been awhile.
Lord Jesus You Still Amaze me! <3
Be brave enough to live creatively. The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. ~ Alan Alda #quote RT
Ari! Ari! Ari! Wake up! :) I miss you oh so very much! </3
yeah I know<U+2755>
i wasn't a big christian slater fan back in the day. i liked him more when he got older & paunchier. (feel the same about elvis.)
Happy Thanksgiving Tyler ! Hope you have a blast !
We can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event!
Is your phone like not working or something?? Lol
Wow, almost 700 fans. Thank you all!!!!!
Gd morning loves hope u have a bless day <U+2600>
Hated The Iron Lady! There was no one to cheer for. Que pasa?
Happy Star Wars Day. May the fourth be with you! Wanna hear the theme in 90 meticulously recorded vocal tracks?...
Ancient reckoning values are not arbitrary but rather obey conditions of spacetime existence. Hence, Earth/matriX, science in ancient art.
I wonder if this new batman will be better. I hope so lol cuz avengers was legit!
Watching the sun set with my boy >>>>
Taking a break from writing music to read this book about promoting music.
"Your gunna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.." <3
House tour w docent acting as leprechaun and interpreting history of house as story of how leprechauns helped house and family
do it <3
will be playing how your pussy work sponsor by viagra
Rehearsal wit the bands about to be fresh...100 miles and runnin.
Android 3.0 Honeycomb will provide some impressive features to Tablets
Excited to be out talking to local businesses about TransitChatter!
uh thats what I said
also. Incoherent drunk Nick said we'd hang out today. Is this still valid?
#ImNotTheType who will change my views or opinions for you. This is me, like it or move on
. I use Pink's A WHOLE NEW MIND for summer reading. Standardized tests address ZERO of Pink's six "senses." Non-Nonsensical.
plz do message chat with me :D
If McDonald's sold hot dogs, could you order a McWeiner with a straight face and tell them to super size it?
Nawl I ain't talking to no damn maggot bruh
DON'T PULL IT OUT!!!! omg. what an idiot. He's really going to die now. Why pull the scissors out????
I have been craving a sandwich from 's. M...and bread pudding.
About to go get some drinks.
Is addicted to Draw Something. Best game ever.
RT RT to #WIN a brand new rug from ! Winners are selected daily!
naw iits off due west tell me next tiime u go to studio
I totally agree! Y'all are rocking it.
Selection Sunday......who are your final 4 picks
Im glad nobody is texting me, haven't been on campus since 10:45 this morning.
I cant get out that way hit my phone
Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee [wearing clown costume, slinking down basement stairs]
Major adrenaline crash now that the live Bloomberg TV segment is over! My mother did great :-)
How long ago did you quit? My cravings are mostly gone, but every once in a while. I've also been avoiding smokers. lol
Rosie O'Donnells man hatin grill locked in a phone booth w/ any penis, =Dexter bloodsplatter! TV is4 fine ladies not Jackie Gleason lesbians
If you're traveling through Ohio, you have to stop at a Raising Cane's for me.
watchin #fashionstar right now haha its no #pawnstars but i suddenly find myself on the H&M website. FCUK
May I suggest a Blackwing for , instead? Somehow, "garbage orchid" doesn't seem right. :)
This game cube killin me
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William & Catherine aka Wills & Kate
My Google contacts added to my AIM seamlessly, but not the other way around. + why use AIM when there is Skype?
Me too! Even all you and do is laugh at mee :( Haha.
it's actually amazing how the boyz manage to turn my mood around.
Our 1-3NLH is still action packed and has not lost any steam from last night! Only a few seats left so hurry up and come on down :o)
congratulations on graduation!!!
HOW IS A 7 YEAR OLD BOY'S LAST WISH TO TREND ON TWITTER?! HE PROBABLY DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TRENDING IS, LET-ALONE TWITTER
OMG that dog blog. I am laughing hysterically in my office. Well played.
Welcome to my new Followers
yea i finished last year :)
Impressive 50! Hope you had a great 4th of July!
love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
": well fuck.." but I love you so its okayy. <3
In JPMorgan Chase Trading Bet, Its Confidence Yields to Loss - New York Times
Q2 Roughly, how much emphasis is your company placing on mobile marketing? (None, Some, A lot?) Why?
:o there's a dude on the run here!! I'm so scared! He's got an AK-47!!!
Smartphone ain't too smart...after in middle of txtin ppl back, responding to an email while I took a call now the stupid txt'n is f'd up :(
air everything...except the dirty laundry;)
i swearr . . . if i dont come up with something to do in the next five minutes , ima just die . lol .
Whut? Thee Album is one of my favorites.
I think that's a great idea!
You are just being human!
Sunday's just feel good after church and having a great family <3
hey! Wake up... im bored
should have scored again
TJAM ON THE ROAD IS AMAZING!!! So worth it!!! Robbie is so fluffy!!! Andrew and THE Alberto are amazing!!!
Good Morning to every one on Twitter from every one
~ Whoa! Stay strong and know that through whatever obstacles come your way that you're still beauriful! Be blessed!
I love waking up all giddy. Today's gonna be a good day.
party no music...no atmophere...no chairs
Got my nose pierced (:
RT : Julie Delpy, Oscar nominated for BEFORE SUNSET screenplay, said she has been turned down for Acad membership 3 times.
Hate when I search a brand on #socialmedia only to find out they don't have an account.
"Make everything possible possible before making everything impossible possible"
They left... now to sing at the top of my lungs.
ha! Correction: ...so we could get #FirstKick underway! ;)
Rocsi looks so confused .....
so glad you were the 1st :)
brantley is better all around.
Going out for sushi, ordering the bin laden roll.
maybe... you never know... hahaha
give them the case study or question, have them sit in groups and discuss for however much time is allowed by class (1/2)
(jen) Really slow connection at the cafe this morning. Hope my upload doesn't time out!
Congrats!! Top ten on Itunes. We #Hooligans support and love the local boy from Hawaii. ;)
Just a rough night!!!
Follow me!!!
he didn't trend and I swear if she does ill be pissed
Troy Tulowitzki with the Pagan Rule Triple.
I love this!
Get X-cited people! I JUST ordered P90X2. Who wants to BRING IT! with me!?
Can't take away what the city of Boston has done in the past 10 years though. Remarkable.
From now on when I refer to "the deli", i am speaking if
Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions.
Follow my dude & watch a future star in the making.
Thunder clap wake up call, love it!
hey ms les, happy holidays! I'm ready for the new year. R u gonna throw down? Lol
What has 13 thumbs and is stoked that Toonami is coming back? This band.
thanks! Picked one up yesterday
Y'alls performance on the Switch?? Oh Em Young Jeezy, that was just incredible. More of that, please : )
i wish my mom would let me dye my hair :(
#codeacross Open San Diego group building code for 2 Apps today as part of national effort 2 assist cities, Jed Sundwall leading for OpenSD
Herb crusted salmon is special for today!
Wat will happen to my mommy or my baby Sis <U+E107><U+E107><U+E107>
just followed :)
Thanks for the RT!
I miss your face! Let's get drinks son. And maybe invite that bloke? All in favor ?
i am at work, no bread. I ate some apple, and 5 almounds - so far feeling oK.. thank god it's almost NOON!
#FF for #Browns info and thoughtful commentary
Just heard the WIP interview. Man you rock! Can't wait for the season. So pumped!!! Go Birds!
Y'all better love me & we something when we want to be
Stop showing victim as child. Show the 17-year-old in a more recent photo please!
Hey! Miss Geers -- How's life?
THE WALL
Can't wait to see you in Chicago!!
its awesome !!! Nice tattoos!!:D
Happy hump day
BB might be the norval of the big 10
Working on our #MarchMadness specials & contest... You're going to be excited.... !
how was it???
I hope Tye Tye feels better soon!
You don't recognize blessings...A true blessing is more likely to kick your tail into gear than kiss it into complacency...
Allen West excited about the prospects of receiving his 2nd Federal Pension, and 2nd government funded health care benefits.
Damn will the hypocrisy ever end.
I miss #oomf i wish they would txt or call me RIGHT NOW!..
Play #FantasyFootball 2Day and be enterd 2 win Signed memorabilia by #Jets legend #VictorGreen NY #Yankees legend #DarrylStrawberry & More
damn.... the radio just keeps playing the same damn songs.....
Me and Donovan told my mom we put the dishes away and she literally started to cry from shock.
good to know! :)
I will finish Driver's Ed, I mean, If I finish it on time.
;) On #Aday we will
has Chemlab put out anything good since Oxidizer
Here's to hoping my graduate Alma mater, #VCU can keep rolling! Saw my man #Pav with the band tonight!
I'm so sadyou guys are coming to NY in march but i can't go because its on a school day next time it should be on a weekend
Dear students of #graphicdesign, what’s your favorite book on #design history? cc
Holy Cow!! I didnt know you had a Twitter!
Baltimore: the only city where buses are more reliable than Yellow Cab drivers?
The only ppl mad @ u 4 speaking the truth r those living a lie. Keep Speaking It. Thx again Lu another FB post that I had 2 share here
In Bistro 151 if you want to nosh and you're lonely.
Next time someone says "fuck you", reply with, "maybe later."
Jabar Gaffney AND Lito Sheppard trending topics? Is there really nothing else going on in the sports world today?
you'll love it!
very nice! cheers to delish beers!
you did! And ghost stories!!! Best present ever!
chillen with my family!
Hey all! Have a Wackful Wednesday!!
Playing with a couple of ideas to pitch for Honolulu Startup Weekend ...oh, and trying to convince girlfriends to come along :)
We are busy planning next week's show! Need an interview? DM us!
RT : Sat in on an excellent preso by to #Samsung infra group on #LTE competition in Samsung campus in Suwon.
All long-lasting business is built on friendship.
are you working tonight? Me and are visiting you if so
Getting ready for Atlantic City this weekend, then starting to cut tracks for a new album. Love to all the fans and DJ's for your support:)
Headin' back home now.
SPOILER ALERT :(
not at the Burbank airport!
let's all go to the Steve aoki concert at grand central Thursday!!!
just looking at me the right way
you better use distilled H20... Read up on the press from neti pot within the last cpl of months :/
Very true, voice of reason.
yep...and it's great on sandwiches.
Thanks! We put it on a lanyard too and it was in plastic like a backstage pass.
One month til NY
So, tell us, what's your dream job?
when you have a mini photo shoot & like all your pictures but don't want to seem conceited and upload all of them-.-
of course! what would Mr. T do without him?
lol! Surprisingly enough, the tablet app Photoshop Touch, is amazing. I do wish it read .raw but hey, its still good.
remember those epic battles between grizzled George Mikan/ young Tim Duncan? Man Duncan's aged well
well, I work for the greenest hotel in the land, so... ;-)
Also, found out the class consists of 1 day teaching a sport followed by 5 days of playing the sport.
oh rele??? Well I'm on a first name basis with your mom!!!! Haha suck on that!
Hi! If your followers want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can! With the pungle.me app.
that's a useful site
None of that
But they hurt so good
Very very quiet. Can't get back to sleep.
Bring me the horizon was beyond amazing !!!! Such an amazing concert!!! <3 amazing bands with an amazing friend :-)
Only bad thing about fiesta is I get full on chips before my meal!
On my shit. . . AGAIN
your best arm should be the closer but has to have the best head to go with it
When was the last time you had a dream? What was it about?
July 29! Thanks! Have fun planning
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, & the Wisconsin Badgers on a great weekend!!!
Reading the "50 Shades" series for hours before bed makes it ridiculously hard to fall asleep all alone...
RT : this is best
hahaha that could have been potentially awkward to whoever is on the receiving end of such a text
The NEW .com BOOM. Just because .coms made and lost allot of money before, it does not mean that we can't profit from the right website idea
. I know - super fun. & are some of my FAV events ever. I'm a big supporter. Great to meet you!
Cheese and rice. There's one record that will never be broken.
you are not your ex. thank god!
awe I'm excited
if you want some cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves at a great price follow us!
Thanks to everyone who came to the LIVE stream! Lots of fun and can't wait to do it again!
Ohh yaa he's a cutie alright
Researching Vegas over lines for total wins in upcoming NFL season for each team. Will post three favorites here.
This school year seems to have lasted forever...in some ways I'm glad it's over..and in some not so much </3
To me organization like are non sense.
nope in Lakeview by Wrigley Field but I work downtown
HA! I've already derived from things I've seen on the Internet that everyone bites the dust like in Hamlet, but don't tell how!
we will change the world, your not a fat slob your my fuck tart :)
Watching the golden globes! Hoping shaleen woodley wins
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there. But it seems like more things are coming to NY
I'm here at my office listening and trying to decide between 2 songs which one to include on 's new album!
ima be up for a while doing this character analysis.
Today, I won't be complaining that I'm not sunburned enough.
ot funny.. -.-t i have a phobia of them!!
like the sense of humor
Good morning. Another beautiful day in Paradise. Have a great day.
BJ and and frankie edgar! Let's go BJ!
RT : Very interesting! Interview with the founder of one of our partner schools (NY Int'l): Cambodian education investor...
"Beer Can" with a British accent sounds exactly like "Bacon" with a Jamaican one... it just blows my mind...
been good and you
Wow! My horrible night just turned great! Texting the bestest friends EVER, laughing my ass off, and my babies just came on the radio <3 <3
Joe Sheets, welcome aboard. Congrats S. Puckett on growing your organization!
did #streak#2 end last weekend or are we still
Can't wait to get to the house so i could get sexxy real quick y'all no what it do!
RIGHT! you're basically wearing your cars. like wuttt.
Wtf did I just say
not much; a door guy treated me poorly but I figure there are too many bars to keep going to ones that do that sort of thing
Incredible. Flashback freakout! RT : What if #Twitter were around in 1992? Here's what it may have been like:
THANKS, LADY!! RT Everyone make sure to wish my roomsta a very Happy Birthday today!!!
Damn, you alright JC?
Well, most of them owe me :)
go get it mark!!! What are you training for? Seems like you are getting some solid runs in.
New York why?
RT : Rumor is that Anna Wintour banned Kim Kardashian from the Met Ball. Oh please, let this be true.
I speak that real shit.
Join us in Austin for a night with doTERRA: "Naturally Safe, Purely Effective Essential Oils" August 22, 7-9pm.
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home!
my pleasure - great post
shout out to my newest followers. just hitting up that studio, songs will be up very very soon.
No, but Im able and willing to travel.
yeah buddy!
I long for my own bed, shower, pillow and fewer polite nods and smiles.
Great as long as staregy is in place for any problems after WD.
Pulling all-nighters right before finals... typical semester!
Monday, April 2nd is the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition at the August Wilson Center. It's FREE to attend and all are welcome
I'm excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Thanks Carol! I was indeed following him already. :)
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” ~ Unknown
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
#Just_For_Fun Wear out a T-shirt that says "Life," while passing out free lemons on a street corner.
Heading to uw stout to give a visiting artist lecture.
FAST FACT: According to the World Health Organization, an estimated 1.4 million children under age 15 are blind.
The 16 year old girl in me loves rocking out to One Direction with the windows down & volume up
I think I'm going to bed. School tomorrow...
"H3y wht r u dooin?"... About to throw a dictionary at your face?!?
There is sumthing tht is scarce, sumthing rarer than ability, the ability 2 Recognize ability!!
Cheating on your test is bad..but I can't help it lol
nice move dude... enjoy the drive!
Nope, probably easiest, but email/mail is fine too.
Good morning. Looking forward to seeing some of you at Mattys later this afternoon.
I missed the show! :( When is the next one. I loved when u all had me on as a guest!
Are you interested to know about the new home developments in the Las Vegas area? Call 702-245-7227
BW3 watching Heat take this series n 6...
Why is it that I always get invites to fun sounding events at conferences I'm NOT attending?!
Never been so annoyed !
found it!
Tech Start up valuations are ballooning again, need to be realistic to ensure continued investment.
Heavy snow burst in mke now as arctic cold front moves in with NE wind gusts to 40 mph, blowing snow with near 0 vis. Will diminish by 12:30
i am not creative.. i just made up the design with colors :)
Based On The BS I've Seen My Freshman Yr...I Know Who I Won't Be Kickin It Wit Next Year When I Come Back. Don't Got Time 4 Ya Games
Do your worst history final.
I never thought Instagram was ever that cool. I guess Facebook thinks it is.
a) thank you! b) thats my right hand sillybird!
Greg Gumbel needs his own twitter account!
Nothing like going on a walk through eagle glen to take pictures for work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Our poinsettias have passed on long ago
Almost time for Thanksgiving! Time to add on 10 pounds from eating too much pumpkin pie!
What a highlight dunk by George to cap it off.
I think my insides are playing hilarious tricks on me again. Must go back to eating better.
Eating soup..
Kentucky is looking too good. I need UNC to win it all and idk if they can do that with Kentucky playing lights out like they Are.
Party then bars, should be a late night
It's best not to rely on organized sports to keep your child leading an active lifestyle.
Nice to see you on Facebook! we'd love for you and to come in for dinner!
#PrettyLittleThings had it's second press interview the week of August 22nd through the 27th
Say the Browns fall flat.....AGAIN.....and start searching for another coach. 1 name comes to mind, Marc Trestman.
will you ever come to miami florida
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions we would have a LAUNCH Party at QCs in montebello September 12th..oh wait we are;)
lol, school is a joke.
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
worst thing someone can do to a musician. Lower than dirt
Physics test tomorrow. Going to learn #byea <U+2665>
Earthquake just disrupted our alumni board meeting !
enjoying another morning with you all!! Thanks !!
Im spent. Time to park it for tomorrow my stars must wield a whole lotta donuts #DSTsuxs Once french, is filipina yet again.
#socold. The rain just needs to stop.
wow, that looks relaxing
last time I went out there was the biggest waste of a trip lol kinda killed it for me. Maybe just to see you though ;)
thanks Richie Fish.
no if anything we'll llove it :)
I've lived in this house since Sept 2006 and I cut the grass today for the first time.
Yeah. It died not too long ago. Maybe a month and a half ago?
Good morning! Last day of #NGS2012. Dad asked if I wanted chocolate milk and then made me make it myself.
Your so so so so welcome!!!:)
im down for some breakfast bring me some
I unfollowed her too! They are all annoying money hungry whores
poker face -_-
more more more!! likes keep em coming
Somehow I always end up with the defective cart at Walmart :-/
I was taking a nap. Until I was awoken by people screaming
Nice idea. Could work for those days of needing black and white...but mostly I like the shades of grey.
Well thank yuh! You do the same:)
Okay, finally here. (Bike repair necessary before leaving the house this A.M.) Minitex Interlibrary Loan conference!
New entertainment tonight!
Need a place to do your Wedding registry??? Give us a call to set up an appointment so we can set up your kitchen for happily ever after!
Watching "Stomp the Yard" on TNT as I multi-task. I love the dance, movement and energy in that movie.
I couldn't be more excited to have someone named Dont'a as well as Big Willie 2.0 in my life.
60,000+ people at SOUTH BEACH, MIAMI GAY PRIDE!!! Holy Sh*t!!! ;)
G'Nite kel. sweet dreams luv! ...hope ya have a nice day tomorrow. Xo
Your music makes my good days even better!!! :)
to Allow F.A.M.E inc to build your social media profile contact me
Hey #NBC - learn a lesson from #CNNDeabte...audience interaction matters! Tonight MUCH more interesting to watch.
Was I not right about the heat inducing ghost?
When will the be done with Izturis? He sucks so bad. Tired of him already.
I'd be happy to sing you a little diddy to hold you over. Any requests?
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you.
Ooh, & Flying Saucer Attack: Further, Lilys: In the Presence of Nothing, first Verve album, if that counts, Telescopes: Taste
Totally just decorated the entire house for easter :)
is actually utilizing green principles to it's building practices.
Just landed in Denver, going to WY today and flying back tomorrow so I can't make , it will happen eventually!!
"Mediocrity is death." - NICOLE MILANO
You are now! :) Welcome, Jerry!
good luck! :)
RT “: Writing music always relieves stress”
damn Scott! Sorry guy. Wish I could make ya feel better..;) lol
Hey what's going on guys? Check out the Celtics Tomorrow night in L.A. dominate the Lakers at home! Taking two in L.A!!!
So psyched about BSP's Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
love talking about how awesome and at work is!! You guys really know how to charm people!!
hA! "#Embarrasing" funny sis! But HEY, you get to see the hottest man alive: :)
If I won the Mega Million Jackpot.. my lawyer would make it so no one knew who or where I am.. & I'd never tell anyone..
When you surrender your ego mind to your heart you create a direct connection to the light of the Self.
I'm stright but my bitch a faggot!
Coroner: Whitney Houston was a chronic cocaine user who had the drug in her system when she drowned in a hotel bathtub.
guess that bullshit call made a difference
Prudence is an attitude that keeps life safe, but does not often make it happy.
Unfortunately the Rams may not get a win until the 2nd half of the season. 49ners look good though, once again unfortunately.
Serge Gainsbourg's Histoire de Melody Nelson has been the perfect start to the day (in addition to being 1 of the most perfect albums ever).
I have used your flooring products before, I am on up coming contemporary project, not the rustic wood but other selectiosn
Hey travel peeps over at #TNI! Sorry we couldn't make it today but have fun.
Thanks for the follow, ! I'm trying to FB but Twit won't let me! Performed my NA flute for the 1st time this week! Thrilling!
Central District on July 9: Youth creating public art and holding hands to celebrate 23rd Ave 'Corridor of Peace'
this draft is making me so sad...I need football season now
SAVE THE DATE: The 87th Annual #DiplomaticBall will be held on April 13th! Location & ticket info TBA soon. Mark your calendars & RT!
Cheers to the #NHDD community! RT : Congratulations to NHDD on developing awareness - you've come a long way!
Also re: BTJunkie:( Smart choice, thank you for everything.
That costs extra.
sure is! Lol
unless help intl (me, not you) liked it! Haha! Probably not though.
"learn to code" != "become a programmer" (via user "andrest" on Hacker News)
Northern Jersey bracing for snow after midnight.
#Tebowing in NY, Peyton with the bustin #Broncos, #HeinzWard retires, and #Saints up a creek. It's #marchmadness in the
Ayaan Hirsi Ali circumnavigates insider/outsider spaces with the sole intention on criminalizing Islam & all its signifiers.
hold out until you find the WOW dress!
Need to get overseas and play.
It was their old design. I reckon it could be his but likely J-Will
All the shit I've taken leading up to prom was just flushed because tonight was amazing
Now down to the wire on #CAPS Aluminum Frames before end of year. 00-330-5515.
Austin has Favorited one of my tweets that I didn't mention him in and he has Rted one that I didn't mention him in.. <3
hey, lol. What's up?
Just had a Philbeck moment at the roundabout!
Just reviewed my pages for the CRAVE book! Woo!
The Las Vegas Boulevard book is 2 parts art, 1 part contemporary Vegas, 1 part vintage Vegas & 1 part photo journalism.
i want your cat
not sure if I'll be home then. I'll ring you.
Awesome! I'll send it on over and u can check it out when u have the time :) I have the ff link to the story to if u like it lol
Like him or hate him, I think Jeremy #Roenick adds an element to the Olympic broadcast booth that helps the telecast
The #1940census will help me fill in the blanks on uncles/aunts/cousins.
mr. dollar sign...!
After icing Alaska, Wranglers look to bring championship to Las Vegas - Las Vegas Sun
"Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice." (Henry Ford) Going to spend a little time with my daughter.Good night everyone & God Bless
uh and the earth rotates. she seemed surprised when it was summer on the other side of the earth.
Your eyes like the sky. Your hair like the sun.
lol...what type of job r u looking for?
Hay Lazywebses -- youse with the bikes -- can you help me find a good grocery-oriented pannier for my Blackburn Ex-1 bike rack?
RT : What can I say? I love data, and hair. My two passions in life.
I dreamt we were at a hotel for some meeting, and none of us could remember what city we were in.
I WILL win the bet by June! :p
Dwight King is hot.
Up for no good reason at 3:30 am. May be falling back asleep more easily than I thought though.
You are beyond wrong sweetheart and not much sport for me.
Just rembered I was going to work on proposals for #IL2012 today
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ?
I didn't win either & thought I have a dollar and a dream... but pfffff
not a bar, but serving drinks every first thursday as you tour pnca's roving gallery us recs for our res!
Ahh, the 'saw what he saw' and 'still in the book' - still happens to me! xx
is now soliciting advice for my first ever Fantasy Football draft...ready, go!
What upcoming theatre event are you most looking forward to in 2012?
love you too! And thanks :)
RT : Jesus said, “Whoever does what God wants is a brother, sister, or mother to me” - Mark 3:35
Your giving me more to stop fucking with you....i need a blunt nd I dont even smoke
Getting ready for to come spend the night, I'm gonna force her to tell me that damn secret! :p
what happened? :(
Play some Skynyrd!!!
hello everyone if you need any smog check information go ahead and give us a shout thank u and have a blessed day ;)
Not audible yet...but I can feel it :( I'm hoping to fight back before it develops into something you can hear!
NEVER! What time does voting close?
Busted! Happy Birthday, Megan! RT Did you know it is 's birthday? Ya, I didn't either - but now I do :) Happy Bday ML!
grant got pulled. good idea. told it would have been funded. not a priority for library/tech support right now. economy. I am tired & sad.
pay me in food and clean clothes and we have a deal
New word: "Musaic." A musical mosaic, so basically mashup stuff. Might have to be somehow classy.
Very cool. Can't wait to see them in July. That dude is an absolute beast on the drums. One of my favorite "drumming" records.
#primaryschoolconfessions back when coloring was homework.. I miss those days!!
Cool brutha....stay safe....
the little man is doing great - talking lots and growing big time! I'd love for you and Ang to see him. Hope you're well!!
I love these #Brewers west coast games.....
Thanks for coming on It's Your Morning and explaining why you're proposing a pay cut for congress.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars =]
Whitney Houston's cause of death "Drowning, Cocaine and Heart Disease" That's like saying, "he died from getting hit by a car and the flu."
Pancakes, workout and heading to work today. I hope someone gets to enjoy this beautiful sunshine!
You are the biggest tool i know.
This is going to be an interesting year....
GREAT Shot!!
I dont want 'yes-men' around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
Box Lunch Delivery is FREE for 3 or more orders so let us bring you lunch! 303-623-0525
Late for meeting Honda Elements shouldn't go 80mph
Guidelines for public school handling of food allergies to be updated - East Valley Tribune
Anniversary of start of #CivilWar. Traveling exhibit from helps tell the story through letters, "Mail Call" opens this fall.
meant to tweet you the other night and forgot--was at a pond show, thought of you guys, hope you're great!
silly boy... you have to follow me for me to do that (you can feel free to unfollow me after said dm lol) :)
Just ordered some drums for the little studio....
Watching Hulk with Viggle Thu | 3:05PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
our plan better work!
Is it snowing there, Aspie?
That's an awful remix, just get out.
Me: oh snap this my song Him: oh yeah gets up on dat Me:umm excuse me back up off me n*gga b4 you get kicked in the balls Him:fiesty Me:slap
The nigga really a monster on the track
Who wins El Classico Saturday?
that's great that you're sticking to your budget! let us know when you're ready and we'll be sure to help you find what you want.
Metta World Peace says OKC is the best kept secret as far as women. It's only 3 1/2 hours away so I gotta touch down.#I'mDatLife
I wonder if she makin any new hits?
girl you sound like my damn wedding planner idk.. this shit ain't exciting to me.. lmbo I'm procrastinating
Have you ever licked a gangster rap CD?
That face Lebron made though. Lmfao.
Oprah is just a modern day Mammie...she's here to allow White women to feel good bout themselves.
Vanessa is now full time at Rendezvous! She has openings this week! Stop in our new location 2600 n high or call 447-2600
“: Hmm.... To give in and get Social Distortion tickets, or to save the $45?” right? I remember when social d was $10 at the door
No Rondo, No Ray equals no Win for #Celtics against #Hawks game2 right or wrong
no no autumn is another way to spell Madison Winters because he likes my style
Image creates desire. You will what you imagine.
RT Other-Korean Company LG is Getting Into Android Tablets ... - Gizmodo: LG is working on an Android tablet due out ... http
#Baseball time, #GoCanes!
Thanks for the RTs!
I rarely ever travel out of state. All of my work is in LA. LA keeps me busy enough.
DAMN.. my dick is so photogenic... #whoretweet :P
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at 1800 Any Lens, we hope you enjoy it!!! If you "LIKE" holiday food then let us know here!
theres always a bigger fish (;
People still send e-mails? RT : Estimated Number Of Emails Sent Today: 322,895,838,520.
OMG. Idk what's worse, hearing this kid whine or hearing the fucking bible stories his parents are playing to keep him quiet.
May is about to be a good ass month ...the semester ends, cinco de mayo, i graduate from college, and race weekend
I just gave the business and it felt so SO fine.
Really surprised (and yet I'm not) by how often students assume that female authors are men.
#digitalindia Recently heard profile of AskNYPL on Bob Edwards Show on National Public Radio in US. Avail on iTunes
what teacher ?
I don't deserve this shit.
Studio time.
most definitely!
Sleeping is my drug..... my bed is my dealer..... and my alarm clock is the police... :p
yep me and colby we'll be there for like 3 or 4 days
Accountant required– start date 03/26/2012 end date 07/25/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, in accordanc…
Gorgeous night out. A tantalizing taste of summer. Makes me want to bite into a juicy summer peach.
": #AstrologyFacts #Libras persuasive attitude makes them adept at sales, real estate, law, and marketing."
Waking up, getting ready for our 3rd show at Kick Butt Coffee 2. We go on at 4pm, Free, all ages! It's going to be Kick Ass.
i want to dance
so psyched stopped by and left me a copy of book "Crush It" by Gary Vaynerchuk, perfect timing I need a new book to read
timbers. Manager is a Scotsman
Dying my hair today! So. Excited. Then fireworks show on Sunday & Fourth on Monday! Gon be good. <U+2665>
but i dont know the other two girls.my two friends have to go to Broadway and mine is somewhere in central park? ive never heard of superfan
abdominal muscle strain going up 4 a dunk & landing wrong
"you can't win em all."- Socrates
#teamfollowback Let's go. One more person or more <<333
I see your man and he ain't got shit on me...
Heading off to ChangeCamp Ottawa #cco10 to talk about open data and open government
is getting ready to help all day with Balboa Idol Auditions! There are so many talented kids!
I found Drea at the gym!(:
It is often troubling that the one man I trust the most, has probably killed people, only bad people, but still.
in 2 weeks at clarion U ! Lesssssgooooo !
My mother would love it if you hired me as a casting director. Just sayin'.
Keep it 100 baby , I'm not the only one.
Thanks to our preferred team! They were extra helpful & kind today w/ my address corrections & that makes a world of difference!
was goin thru yt subscribers and I couldn't find you..? Coulda swore you subbed me last summa
Does the NFL have a Billy Beane? Isn't there some GM good at math?
#GWU, Happy Holidays from all of us at GW Campus Dining
The Office never gets old!!!
i get so excited when i see a chat bar pop up from a girl who wants to have sex....then let down to find out shes not real :(
For some reason when I'm depressed I clean #girl problems
Thanks for sharing! :)
Loosing weight & feeling healthier has never been better!
GoDJKemo's Halloween B Day Bash @ ROCCA BAR 10/28...SAINTS and SINNERS
I honestly wish the weather would always be like this.
All pervasive! Interesting. I have some ideas for next steps. So sorry I can't come by your #PAS2012 poster. cc
What's good tweet world
Your customer service is stellar, truly. Thank you. It's so rare these days and I appreciate it!
appreciate ya homie!!!! God Bless JO-WAYNE
I'm excited to see FOX 6's exposé on this new trend called "Yoga." Maybe they'll do something timely on lo-carb diets or Napster next week.
What do you think are some characteristics of successful leaders?
Word on the street is the Southern Quality Ford commercial with Rocko and I is playing! Look for it, amigos!
"Dating" websites for dogs are reportedly growing in popularity. How fetching.
One of our favs:
Hope Everyone had a great christmas! I know we did.
the cookies in Hayden are especially good today
My big sister is going after her dreams of herbalist & a community yoga instructor. Sound interesting?
Chickn burgers for dinner.
Good Luck Bud & have a profitable weekend as USUAL :)
yea . lol he asked me how our ''crew " was doing & He did a background check on my bf lmfao .
coreys playing his damn guitar...WTF.
is taking a cruise into the middle of a hurricane tomorrow... 'cause I'm a bad ass ;-)
KFC sounds good right now.. and pizza too :)
I feel like I'm having a pre-movie burger w/truffles and pepper jack and just saying over and over, "that's fabulous."
YAY Finally the track meet is done so now Skylar can come over and I can leave Giovanni's and Tyrell's house!!!
You would think after 6736833 years of not talking that you would be less sensitive to my sarcastic comments.. hahaha (:
I like to be known by more than just my ACT score
Pandora Tests Live Show and Video Waters
It's all about the WORD this week.
HI Robyn! Thx for follow. Did you know treatment for peanut allergy is almost ready for prime-time!
Jump ball get it get it
Wow... The movie rocked!!!!
I'm such a journalism nerd. Love Ted Koppel. Great piece! Thanks
Love the fact that has expanded coverage to 12 add'l #MKE neighborhoods!
Love the fact you can tweet a legend about a Harvester!x
“: that's weird..I see 140 by your name.” You're being dramatic.
UT offers regalia made from post-consumer plastic, "indistinguishable from traditional polyester". When did polyester become traditional?
I know... Reduculous. When do you want to meet up and drown it? Have time next week?
Off work! Now what to do ?!?
Moderate death. RT On a scale of 1 to death, how bad of an idea is running this marathon with my longest run to date being 14m?
NEW CITY ART FAIR will be closed at 5pm. Today is the last day. Please drop by us.
Listening to Jack Zenger on 7 Reasons Why Strength-Based Leadership Development Just Works Better.
Gonna be in Mauston soon hmu
Everyone Should Go Follow :)
somebody sent me that video this morning...
Music is the soundtrack to our life & Whitney Houston is such a big part of mine. Her voice was truly something special, a gift from God.Rip
yeah my mom put mine up high so I can't snoop :(
Does this mean you will be moving?
hope you feel better sista....... Are yall coming over for easter I got the eggs for the kids egg hunt like you suggested.
haha thanks girl I just find it hilarious and the best part is guys actually buy it and that's why they give them attention
next week I get to see my Bestie :)
I guess I'm going to take up the offer for "piano" lessons.
If Twitter really understood their user base they'd have a dedicated reply feature used to beg for celebrity attention.
He's too cutesy to me. He's like an adorable little elf...err...literally.
who is available for Valentines Day for s celebs birthday party lots of music and fun! ya gotta be in the seattle area tho....do tell!!!!
Kin Valley cares about kids and families and the issues they encounter with #OnlinePrivacy (see #COPPA laws). We're creating a solution!
I think my wenises(weni?) are sunburnt. i also think a ghost-cat attacked my leg last night...
how do you put up with all these people bitching about the ending of 3?it was an emotional ending to an amazing trilogy
SPRING BREAK!!!!!
HI!!!! wanted to let you know I Love You <3 and I always will
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked. ~ Mae West
PS Apologies for spamming your conversation. I lurve me some boardgames.
The stop announcement on this bus are made by one of the Chipmunks. On some kind of amphetamines.
it was awesome seeing you again megan! thanks for coming out ;) well see ya soon!
there was also juniors from the high school cuz they do like real physics and we do bs physics lool
Who's that talkin in the library?
Even the website appears a gigantic racist caricature. Can't people learn the truth without exploiting it in insulting ways?
#askzacefron What was your favorite scene of #theluckyone to film?
Woo ! Finally got my internet back . Things are going back to normal now .
We are happy to help in any way we can! Give us a call 972-304-6020.
TONIGHT!!! Women's Soccer vs. Marquette Game Time: 7:00pm @ Valley Field
P-towner's need to check out portland monthly. Cool feature on Atmosphere clothing. Support local
“: look exactly like him lol” right!!! Bro got dropped haha
baking a russian cake...recipe called for a lil bit of this & a lil bit of that with no oven temp nor baking duration...fingers are crossed!
What do designers dream of, when they take a little designer snooze? Do they dream of big ideas, or of revisions that never get approved?
was just saying she wanted a cat tree for Snuffles.
after the game catch a cold one at scotland yard pub 187 st. Paul street. Valet parking and free parking on bittner street
Van Morrison.
did you look at my videos I took yet
is Hosting Launch Party in DC....We doing it BIG!!
knives in the kitchen
I have slight semester envy right now. I'm only on week 5 of 9.
mansmin tan turns into summermin swagger
#FF thanks for the shoutouts. Have a green weekend!
that would be a nice trip. I'm definitely thinking about it :-)
Not sure what it says about me or my horse but he halts every time he hears the ding ding of my phone's text alert...
Thanks babe. But wait, are you quoting Silent Hill?
I love seeing old couples come into the clinic, it's so sweet.
Getting Ready for an Audition
Really? I ask all my reference ?s to branch managers. And clearly digitizing the entire system's materials would be easy!
Sunflower seeds are so good!
Now thats an album worth having!
Of course you would! Classic. RT : Sway? Eh. I'd rather have swagger. ;)
oh nothing
I cannot deal with #landscapepainting this late.
Your working there? RT : Sandcastle def ain't my dream job BUT it will do for the next 3months lol
I TOTALLY, TOTALLY AM! As if there weren't enough reasons to love , CJ will seal the deal.
I JUST saw this. Yes, needs to report form. Can include photos or graphics. Next time email is safer for time sensitive questions
I'm Boutta Take These Pills Man, If This Headache Don't Go Away Then Somebody Head Gone Go Away !
Film Collaborators directors, Inde Film Artist, Thx 4 all The Updates On Upcoming Features and Projects!
RT if you love 1Direction for ever?follow me I follow you back ;)
Special 3-man show this Saturday @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tyson's Corner, VA
Oh my it's time to buy #NewTubeSocks :/
Bummed we couldn't get together. When you coming back?
you sound like me!! Lol
King Muhammed VI is announcing what seems like a long list of constitutional changes
I know right! :l
#Entertainment getting ready for the start of our big season in Miami.
I was wondering the exact same thing! It should be there. From the forums it sounds like others are having the same issue.
I don't know but you have problems lol
because if you're anything like me you'd instantly use it to buy a Kit Kat bar.
sucks you had to be a victim of this new strongly enforced rule. Would have liked to see you come down to Box again :(
I'm trapped between smiling about my lazy day, and the guilt of not doing something productive. Anyone else know the feeling?
San Antonio: Tomorrow p/cloudy and very warm. Slight chance for rain most of next week. Today: AM Clouds then p/cloudy, high 93.
No women. At all.
THIS FRIDAY is my 1st Solo Gallery show! Please come if you can for wine, cheese, my offbeat art, and lots of fun! (Details on my blog.)
"So what about your writing dreams?"-
Someone tell Hosmer to quit screwing around. It's only a matter of time until he gets hot #Royals
Thanks for this, I missed the event, very glad to have the writeup!
Is it me or has everybody been dying lately?
I lose interest really quick
Yes. Could we go 0 for 2?
If "Splash" is on the Mt Rushmore of Tom Hanks flicks so should "Joe Versus the Volcano".
im following
Nix is a big boy
Review: ‘Strange Clouds,’ by B.o.B.
Everything what I've been told is one big cliché
Do you live in a highrise?
Stopping by to leave some love!!
Congrats to for first place in print media
The tornado sirens just went on......... This could be an interesting night
Wendover Will, Vegas Vic, Reno Red - amazing to learn the names of familiar signs... Some still standing and welcoming people to Nevada.
Special issue of HR News Magazine. Important information because it involves ALL of us. Coming very soon.
nothing much , how are you ?
Enter our cover contest! We're giving out some sexy prizes to the 2 winners
hey according to ur bio ur a #GuyMahomie that's cool I don't no any boy mahomies soo ur the first congratulations :) xx<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Agree, but think his wig would look better on Howie RT I loved in his debut as judge on NBC’s America’s Got Talent
WD is for the bedroom. Boxee Box and Live TV dongle is still on the list as main living room entertainment.
maybe something like surveymonkey, only $17
Go Giants!
Kitchen China Cabinets: China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved ...
I wish i could help you out! im a hairstylist so i have that job im just looking for like a hostess kinda job something blah
And so it begins: opening brew bar at Intelli, printing during open hours at Spudnick, rinse and repeat. High fives, adult life. High fives.
I think them guys just dont want you to win a race do they! Come on guys give her a break!
hahah i love sean!
During yesterdays #Bulls game I saw the name "Rip Hamilton" on TV and thought, "OH NO! He died!" Then I realized...
Somehow Lady Gaga is failing to properly cover her own song.
Time for the 4 C's... Coors, Copenhagen and Canadian Club.
I had a bad dream. Katy Perry died. No. Buti buhay pa actually. =))))
That's a ridiculously CUTE gift!
Come on ibaka
I hear the ASP is still looking for a CEO. Think Derek would mind the pay cut?
let me know! I'm moving in 3 months!
I remember that show.
Terry Littleton told me to tell u hi and if u ever need a spot to hunt n Owensboro give him a shout. DM me 4 info. Good Luck at Dega!
Love that pic!! Thanks so much! Can we post it to our facebook page?
Thanks for the #FF!
please follow me !
Fuck yes you are! Take plenty of pictures!
RT : Great meeting with and today discussing fun events!
A #BFMusicFactoid - Did you know both Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison & Summertime Blues by Eddie Cochran were recorded today in history?
Randoms Chics on Pinterest: I don't know you, therefore I could care less if you think something I pinned is ugly. Your opinion is invalid!
“: Mindless Behavior VS 1 Direction???” Mindless Behavior all the way!!!!!!!!!! :))
Wow... (here’s a not-so-fun fact: Since the 60's, while all non-healthcare expenditures increased 8x, healthcare increased 274x).
love the new bottles! what a hoot. maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
Smoke den Rat goodniye
I need a tattoo lol JaQuial said your good
Please join Freedom Ford in making the Right Choice!
Have you ever watched a movie where you were 100% certain that the actor you liked owed his agent a favor? Or perhaps the IRS?
tell them to kiss your country ass ;)
This week has sucked... State qualifications tomorrow.
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Thanks for the follow! We love anything that combines "sensible" an d"political"!
Jess I did not know that you were a writer! We are looking for a couple of new writers for the new issue do you have any samples?
"The Kingdom of GOD is within You" --Jesus of Nazareth
I know! Shame, I'm just leaving LA now! See u soon xo: & wish you guys were here!!!
my molars are growing in sideways so they have to to do some things that I'm pretty sure would gross u out if i tell u more
i followed him! :D .
"reimagine GIS as a method in feminist geography & feminist visualization as a possible critical practice in fem research" - Mei Po Kwan
You Stay Bring Mean!
You, sir, win Tweet of the Day.
When they stop a vehicle in this situation, they usually follow the car until they have a reason to stop the car.
butting into your discussion--but are you talking about ordination? If so, what an idiot!
The #giveaway contest is closed.
hi hi
Why is it so hard to leave my desk?
Hamburger Mary's. 7:30pm. Ol' Floppy Arms. Be there. www.democracyburlesque.com
Temps well above freezing so any precip that falls will remain all rain. Later this afternoon snow mixes in. Expect light accumulations
They do--and they look only half as good as they taste!
Decided I want to see The Black Keys but they're sold in in DC and NYC. Boo. R u into them?
Ala Moana Building poer is back on.. But, security is not letting people in the building.
and if I had the luck .. I also?
How about "Another one bites the dust?"
why you gotta come so close to Minneapolis the weekend I have to go to Canada on business???
Talk that talk to me
I wasnt happy with the 1st watched 5 mins of the 2nd one so im not bothering with the 3rd lol thankfully I paid for none lol
wish I could be there in LA for it! I scored the music for AZIENDA.
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:)
s/o to u as well checkout my Cinnamon Challenge an all my new Music droppin soon.... Much Love
You need coffee. We've got coffee. Hot, iced, or blended and all locally roasted. Yum.
Making little english muffin pizzas!!
Spaces are filling up QUICK! Book your table now for DISH's "Spring Into Drag" brunch April 10th!
True. I think he was talking about the average person who wants to hang something over their couch. People are more complicated.
The freedom that comes through Christ came by His death. Without death we are bound to a life held captive but by His sacrifice we are free
Oh, yes-->Creating a firm takes a time investment: 2 days marketing. Video, writing, etc. Client work only 3 days/wk.
#kids Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops: Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
and u don't realize it's "that" episode til half way through lol happens to me ALL the time
great bro thanks
RT Artists be runnin to the man with the dildo on the corner.... Sign me sign me sign me sign me! Me first me first!
Love Benjamin's speed and confidence. Solid pick in round four for the #Browns IMO.
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU TO INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
No cheating is bad!
My sis has the tv on Dont Forget The Lyrics. Just another reminder that Mark McGrath shouldnt have got the boot on #celebrityapprentice >:-£
So excited for the pop-up experience. #foundingfarmers is my go to place for holidays, brunches, Tuesdays...
Definite double dribble before the dunk, but either way, Kentucky earned their stripes.
Looking forward to it!
back to work, but still not wearing shoes
I love the braided hair tutorial! I'm going to try it today! :D
For future Batman movie related wishes, I think I'd definitely like to see David Tennant try a hand at playing The Riddler.
I THOUGHT YOU DIED, text me back pls
“: "That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." - Abraham Lincoln”
So Sanford: arrest a journalist for exercising their constitutional rights? This keeps getting better. That's it, u messed up so go silent.
But on the plus side, tie will allow me to get rid of my 7 pound brick of a laptop (not including case)...
RT : 's Barrio Starts off con El Guidi, Guidi during The 5 O'Clock FIESTA w/ in the MIX! Now till 10pm Lots 2win
ay sometimes you gotta sell the contact...lol
also busy with school. I'm probably done with volunteering this month. And getting for finals
Excited to judge with this weekend! :)
IT'S FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!! COME CHECK OUT ALL THE COLLEGE BASKETBALL ON OUR 50+ TV'S
Well I suppose there are worse places to live than Vermont. Seriously though.. Don't know why anyone thinks it's a good idea.
Just saying :) lol
First child I worked w was a 13 y/o from a family of migrant workers in California. He'd broken the arms of his first 2 teachers.
Indeed. ;) But why stop at 2 ipads, ? I will have my staff order ALL ipads in existence and deliver them to my golden castle. :)
you ever pin corner before? No.
": Urban Meyer won't be appearing on ESPN this weekend. He requested off his studio assignment and we obliged."
LOL! Did you guys see the booger whip bt mark sanchez?
Trust me, I want to forget you! I do! You think its easy? You think its easy letting go of your first love?! Well news flash it isnt.
RT : Kodak goes bankrupt and Instagram is worth a billion dollars. 2012, y'all.
Okay thank you for your time hope you have an amazing day & bless you & yours.
I cant even begin to tell you how much I don't want to be up right now.
He gets a pitch right down broadway and you complain about him swinging.
i wish people would call back when they say they will. I can't stand waiting any longer. Its like I have no life
Just applied for a job :p
Yay Puerto Rico!
I will drive for donuts at Oram's, but beer? Haven't checked a schedule yet on Craft possibilities.
ewwww I see some :))
Thanks for sharing! I had no idea there was an aviation museum in Lexington. Very cool!
Feels like an unbelievable dream! So happy and so blessed :)
never mind!
Can't wait for #ufc141 !
Song of the Day: "Let It Die," by Foo Fighters.
Thank You bro!
Watching the crazy storm at turner field...this is better than baseball!
haha LOVE YOU
#delta offers free twitter access. That an landing an exit row on flight 1701 today was a nice surprise. Much better experience than USAir
Let's have a damn cookout damn it!!
I am developing a pattern of insomnia - waking up at 2:30am for two nights in a row. What to do now...
#BOYFRIENDReview it shows us grown up
WELL THEN YOU FRICKING ROCK! AND SCREAMING FRICKING ROCKS
Congrats Greg!
lmfao u already bro we moving
Doing Great! Always a Blessing when I hear from you! Were are you at these days?
RT : There is a warm summer filled with baseball, beer, and sunshine right around the corner. #Nats #cantwait // Yes!
TGIF Facebook friends! Who went to see Discovery soar off to the heavens? What are those big weekend plans? LIVE now!
if trade-off is no pay as you throw and Sunday hours, then ok with closing swap shop. Girl can dream, right?
want to capture your audiences attention-design content to engage all 3 learning styles; auditory, visual and kinesthetic. Home run combo!
He and I didn't speak for years. And he was the main reason I moved away from Augusta.
thanks for the follow!
funny - students have taken to lurking in Connect space waiting for faculty to log in and then pounce with questions.
In desperate need of a massage! #helpme :(
lmao u stupid..... Chill.
Everyone & their grandmother is hollaring Bama on the money line this wkend - gotta go back and take another look @ this game cuz i like FLA
Finally some pho!
Thrilled! Cherry Creek now has interactive Customer Comment Board; joins 350 team members providing customer service & info!
RT : Great! RT : Senate removed digital downloads tax from budget it passed yesterday. House budget action could
Interesting storyline developing at the Players Championship: Kevin Na can hardly stand over the ball...and he's leading.
Early start on the day :) let's do it!
#Benedict, Sand Queen. Devastating novel traces 2 women in 2003 Iraq: a soldier/ prison guard & an Iraqi whose father and brother are inside
Love it! Berkeley had a conference on serialization...Mad men, breaking bad, & the wire were featured. Twin peaks, sorely missed.
Damn it, Im sick! Today is not the greatest day..
follow back Please:) #dreamscometrue I will die lol
i have no friends
7 Eleven poppin up down the street.
The Weekend<U+2665>
Stretching my ass off
WEBSITE COMING SUPER SUPER SOON!!
I think my laundry basket threw up on my floor.
skype party with my cleveland besties tonight . (:
A sole proprietor and ony massage therapist, I devote my expertise in massage entirely to you. Calm, peaceful, customized massage for you.
RT : It's such a beautiful day today, I'm giving my car a break and having it towed around the city.
Enjoying The Creative Garden on E.6th St. W/ A beautiful spot and a beautiful day.
I am checking out the instagram hits now. classy. Veuve & Alize. Oven? I'm gonna bake some healthy treets. is there a fridge?
I'll make the boys make one for me.
Thanks for posting this awesome article and for the RT'ing!
lies on tha lips of a priest...thanksgivin disguised as a feast...
Agreed! So disgusting!
I wish I knew who you were. You are the best tweeter in my timeline by far.
she know what's up. She apologized after class though
My cats. lol
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord LX-P for a new car!
Lauren Priestap, junior at University of Pittsburgh, loves to bake cookies and then give them away!
The link is broke
Death wish of the headstrong #booktitles ?
Hopefully Nolan can write me in as "Robin" or "Nightwing" in later films. But I'd be bigger than Batman! lol
Classy never trashy, because your trashy ass doesn't know what the boundaries are in a relationship...
Fuck you and those Tacos you are eating!
Yes, it was great. It will be posted in the NASM web site in the next few days. Stay tuned.
First day at new job! :) I'm already tired. Not used to mornings.
If i put my mind to it and get aggresive ill be able to do anything('x
his impressions are amazing, no doubt. It'll be interesting to see him grow on the show.
Yeah I know, the arc of history is long but it bends toward justice. It'd bend faster if you'd let me use my flaming crossbow.
thank you!
everyone follow me here as well. Support " Double Sided" on IMDB "LIKE" our page. Please!!
Thinking about a new kitchen? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Granite at a discount!
Just as I suspected!
If people find Danielle and Eleanor ugly, I can only imagine what they would think of me.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up. - Mark Twain
Tried reading the comments on 's post. Made it through about 1:30 before giving up.
-iswea , ANGIE's need tah close them down ,! Ughh , juh TERRIBLE , my nails never look'd this way ,,!.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. Martin Luther King Jr.
pretty stoked about my new desk heater...
A publisher found my novel (The Truth About Sister Henry) on authonomy.com and asked to see my ms...I won't get happy yet, but hey :)
My friend will be happy to know that despite incessant tweets, I've managed to rework 10 pgs of story. Now with more lesbians!
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I wish i was one of those girls could take a picture any time and still look beautiful.
With tweet #1991, I recall the USSR's end and hope fluid, voluntary things like #Facebook and #Twitter will outlast nation-states.
LOL! You are so sweet! I hope you had a great #BASHH tonight. It was great meeting you.
The party is going to have to reel him in but I think it's too late. His arrogance and lack of ANY humility has already lost it.
75°F today! It's gonna be a cruel, cruel summer.
yes, that makes sense...blame the city instead of the lake your home city shares with it.
that was good lol
Oh no! Aubrey has tweeted "I stay XOXO" on her Twitter account. Yuck. If u walk out u shouldn't be let back in. Boo.
We are working on our Feb schedule.Is there any where particular you want us for lunch or catering Nashville?
Thnx So Much! RT : If yr not following - U need 2 B! awsm material from an amazingly talented guy!
im 2 nice... im cuttin people off im tired of the lies
That first kiss would have made me run down the aisle screaming... YUCK! He attacked her face.
somethings just never change Happy #nationalbestfriendday (:
Had so much fun today with the guard at wgi, sad we aren't preforming but at least we still got to come!
Word. It's about less smoke and mirrors and more soul, realness and talent.
Thing #2..In Finale A, That part came up that's crazy, A certain somebody totally butchered it and you had to cover!! lol
Montgolfier Day-Part Deaux! We've got over 500 kids here today!
Happy Birthday James Taylor!
gay ppl r fuckin up my marriage. i used 2 be able to have sex w my wife but now i need 2 have gay saix bcause of gaybama? nope im christian
It that what that meant? I thought the light was broken...
One of my bosses, a grown professional man, is yelling "I'M ON THE EDGE... OF GLORY!" at random intervals from his office. Love.
#instead of going to see a movie I am watching Hulu in order to give $12 to help
For Me: Crap. I dropped popcorn down my bra. Lance: It's just a little snack for anyone who might motor-boat you tonight.
What's happening in Vegas this weekend??
Yes! RT : That act of kindness brought tears to my eyes. One of the sweetest moments of my life. You never forget true kindness.
I still struggle with my past, but I'm a better person that I know who I am.
Q: Where can you get lunch for under $5 these days? A: A hot, delicious 8" cheese pizza and a soda for $4.80
You Niggas Broke Anyways.
I tried that but it doesn't seem to take effect.
Hamilton Festival Saturday July 30th. We're looking for a few volunteers to pour beer. Thanks
Woo-hoo! I look forward to seeing you there!
...i wish he was in my discovery learning....<U+2665>
Okay, I get it. The campus is short on classrooms & has to use library space. But jeez, does it have to be music appreciation? Too loud!
Tom is hot
Be the type of girl you'd want your daughter to be and the type of girl you'd want your son to date.
That's good to know Mr Marlowe, thank you!
Simulate concern, Sir!
Thanks for the follow! :)
#uwgrad the final commencement of the weekend! Here comes the official party to the stage. Congrats to the L&S graduates out there!!!
Thanks! That's probably my favorite part of this job.
I've added her so when's the bet over?!?!?! haha
Yankee game wednesday..boo ya!
RT : Press Release - Village to hold Final Budget Hearing on Proposed Fiscal Year 2012/2013 Budget Monday, April 2nd
Does the brand of clubs affect your golf game?
"And the story has to be true, because it was reported by shakira's hips" -snl haha
Those say people judge Pres Obama by actions as a child.
I hope I get there! Silliness at
Judge Hearndon tells faith healing couple you are nice and could be beacon of faith but tortured view of medical field you got it wrong
I hope you didn't just get scolded for unwelcome touching at #gc2012. Our #UNYAC games don't apply there.
RT You don't mess with people that handle your food. Or the computer people.
Just went hard in French class
Thanks for doing, it, Tim. It was awesome.
wow that really means alot:) we are recording more songs next week !! I cant wait!
Hi, just noticed you used to quote me. I wish I was electric! alas, I'm just elotro.
why not manhattan. Who you gonna beat up v?
in my opinion of course, over all bad market can damper that one.
Woohoo!!!! RT : My blood pressure cannot take the play offs.
have a fun time w the kids in Boston! Tape the doors at night if necessary :)
yea about that.. Nobody told you to go
i wanna dance x)
We need to get this account poppin. We should be like but for matt hahahah
Reason why I'm single 1) I can't date myself 2) I can't date my celebrity crush 3) I can't date food 4) I can't date the internet.
Responded to FIRE @ 1420 Clay Avenue, Bronx, NY 10456. Red Cross auto update.
Getting ready to leave what has to be the world's worst Comfot Inn, Canon, NC. And we were charge more han $100 for this fleabag.
More annoying: Amateur sports reporters + off season drama, or Justin Bieber?
feeling the SXSW buzz building up ...getta puccia ..ciao
Yes.... India
#kced "how do you have a chorus when everyone is online? I don't think it's possible" -
I am sure my Ru wouldn't appreciate the remarks and will address it. Phi phi means well...I hope lol
Ship donations of medical supplies and non-perishables to: UPS STORE 118A Fulton St. BOX #205, New York, New York 10038
...after being selected to swim at the London Olympics
Needed some inspiration for a Moto dish-to-be that's based on a wine of my choosing, and I think I found it in a Sagrantino Montefalco.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great day.
is it funny your out with boys
James I came into town 3.5 years ago. Never doubted this is what I wanted to do. This year booked two comm.
Ozzie's praise of Castro had more to do w/ his being a strong LatinAm than Castro's or Ozzie's politics. 100% cultural.":
So sorry to hear about your brother :(. I'll be sending good thoughts your way!!
is excited to see kill it tonight at the concert!
what on earth are you all doing up there in Vancouver?
wow, last tweet was over a month ago? yeah, we've been locked in a basement practicing songs and only leave to earn a living
Looks a beautiful day for Franklin Street Featival!
#BocaBeerFest 5-hour party just isn't enough, join us for the official after-party at Biergarten Boca Raton
Do it. RT : Listening to Drizzy Drake... thinking of coming out with a Hip Hop album all about business :)
Wednesday- Jim Ripp is here 8pm on playing all of your requests. $5 Cosmos, $2.50 Bud Light bottles
Part Nine: A sudden change of direction for coastal military
HAI Miss T! How U B?
One thing I don't like about Naruto...they dedicate a couple of chapters to whoever is about to die....Kabuto, the next to die lol
Congrats to Red River for first place social media strategy
So much to do so little time! 5 page paper (didn't start) and another 3 page paper (didn't start) due tomorrow :/ ugh!
want to increase your credit score ?///// e-mail to start
Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Yeah I plan on playing in one of the tournaments one of these days.
Evertiiiime I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen....RT : Man-Friday still makes me laugh.
Happy humps!!
in Modesto?!
I think you two should meet.
Elements to live!!!! But ain't noway ama pay fifty
Must be good, when he give cuts at 6am.
So long pollen
In the New Order, only GOOD coffee may be served! <you will all learn this in the retraining camps>
What an HONOR to be presented a Grammy by this trio!
I think you could prolly throw heffas in there somewhere for alliterative purposes. Homophobic meter heffas. Or just drop meter.
Misses the koala!
Hopefully tickets won't be sold out before I get a chance to buy them!
I think I need to go hide in my closet and just cry for a while.
#DannyGranger Do Not Like #LebronJames .. I Wonder Why?
but i might be on later if you wanna hang out maybe just me and you for a bit so we can catch up? i miss you and love you tittie
So... the publishers weren't giving away any of the books I specifically set out to snag...but I did get some gems anyway.
Chapstick, eye luv you now come out from your hiding spot <3
HEY guys make sure posters are EVERYWHERE and visable, we've got people out there looking for them!
Imagine meeting someone who understood even the dustiest corners of your mixed up soul.
game time
phenomenal. i'mma house on any dumping within eyeshot.
love your profile on YA Confidential!!!
My new answer to the "what are your plans for after graduation?" question: "Joining a softball team and hitting around .400"
UI & UX are not synonyms of each other and should not be used interchangeably
Family story time lolol
Thank you so much for stopping by tonight! Have a great rest of the week!
Today is just gonna be a good ass day
Today's the day! How are you enjoying your first round ? RT : In Miami, playing golf at Turnberry Isle tomorrow!
Cant say I've seen it all,but I can say I've seen enough.
oh I see the difference now. it has a dropdown while you are typing. yeah that's really annoying.
I do believe Ur right nd I love u dearly
who doesn't ;)
Did anyone see people think greg mcelroy scored too HIGH on the Wonderlic test? Anyone want a dumb QB?
Why are so many librarians at #ala10 so grumpy? Smile people! Its all about books, libraries and friends here!
: I haven't forgotten about you. I'll send the info soon.
When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'Then what are we fighting for?'
It was great to be there at the rally today w/ another non-US Citizen colleague! We may not be able to vote but WE DO CARE!
Likewise! Be sure to send those #nonprofits my way.
Aw, sorry for your sting!
blogging about small business resources
I love it when some storming overlays our more than frequent sunshine, makes you appreciate what we have :-)
What's good everybody
#OomfNeedsTo realize that I'm not immortal, that I won't stick around forever
Commuter Corridor Happy Hour: 5:30-7pm – Soft polenta with brandade, oil-cured olives and parsley and $3 draft beer!
Good morning Beautiful People ))
Hey there, (screenleap), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
work followed by party on the #riverdeck for some much needed drinks!
#FollowFriday #FF RT Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
looking forward to #heartcamp news!
Goigng to school on time feels weird o.O lol
sorry, I don't have any email from you. Can you please resend when you have a chance?
Don<U+FFFD>t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
you have a new book coming out? I hope you start advocating some anti capitalist stuff. And I hope there are ideas for new economy
Gone are the days when I was young I was raised not to hurt no one Now these days I fear Love isn't very clear.
hahahahaha yeah buddy!
Having fun with my bby & my big homie
stressful day! Blergh
That was my Monday. I went back to sweaters.
Hi Shannon. I'm Randy Richter and I tweet and I am willing to be listed with other accelerators!
is going to be ON Tonight! Arrive Early and come correct. Tables are Highly suggested to make entrance easier!
Happy Gandhi Jayanti Orkut Scrap : Pictures, Images, Photos ...
And that's what I'm doing...dancing and sipping
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered. Edgar Allan Poe
Today is #AndiesBirthday ! Hooray for awesome bigsisters! Love you ! <3
I've finally become desensitized to this shit....I don't care who comes or goes anymore. *Shrugs*
hope u feel better..
It played twice. And it played about 20 minutes ago, for the second time.
Correction on Fandango SXSW party. It's March 13th. Facebook automated settings era.
Never hire a contractor who drives a better car than yours. If so they are charging way too much money! The other guys need the money!
aye dm me
I kno cuzzin.. ..RT it's all good in the hood, not even worth attention
follow back;)
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you! I'm thankful for the ALA & all of the good you/we're doing for Lung Health in WI!
ru home?
In Bio gotta love DNA....
Dumb bitch said my life is going no where! >:|
Tickets on sale for BREAKFAST BUFFET & TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA & STORY, SNACK & TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA TODAY! Contact Dana Kirn at 410-752-2462 x221
You just reminded me why I don't like roommates!
thank you! We're thrilled to be working with you! Can't wait! :)
Missing a night w/ Shop Jeen team CUSP event tonite! #Midterms are ruining my life.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well
Ugh.. so flippin tired barley went to class today i need to get out of doing that.
what was wrong with the halftime show? LMFAO made an appearance. They don't belong on stage with Madonna or at Super Bowl.
#textmeif your still up and have my number.
"speaking words of wisdom...let it be"
im pretty good!!!! but look... sorry to cut u off! but i gtg! sorry :/
It is not my fault that I'm better than all of you. I'm the 1 percent. Your not.
Thanks for the RT, friends! :)
Wow! They did that fast! It looks awesome!
Hungry Hungry
and those are the people who really love "reality tv".
there is a point when the thing becomes the obstacle; draw better conclusions by focusing on the space around the thing.
Oh Long Johnson!
New Lexus parks itself. What good is that if there are no parking spaces?
No need to apologize you had to shoot it
buttery nipples
Hey! Thanks for having us on! Glad you enjoy the videos. Have a great day! xx
It's deja vu all over again, Tom Barrett vs. Walker. Wisconsin elects is opponent to face Walker in the #recall election.
Real mature...
tomorrow is the last practicum really sad I'll miss the kids were really great 2 weeks
I'm trying to determine if I need to put pants on and embark on an emergency pants providing mission.
WE ARE LOCATED CLOSE TO ATLANTA
I am pissed I can't play. I want to so bad!
EXERCISE DAILY.. " walk with god".. run from sin.. !
the cartoonist went to IU, so how is it true? You have facts too support that claim?
Look for work, or #write? Heck--I'm getting out in that sun. #Reading is writing too.
Captain America is so cute.
A spare moment to sit on my balcony and enjoy my coffee is
attn #seamayday protesters, this is a reminder: if they start firing rubber bullets at you, you reserve the right to light them on fire.
Those dreams that you don't want to wake up from <3 :') my babe means the world to me
NF Hope you follow back and join my movement. Strictly for Divas & Gents!!!
At least they didn't not put the song of the same name on the soundtrack
is making dirt pudding
On a scale of Chris Brown, how hard can you hit a bong?
Even tho I really need to as it stands, I'm not going to school tomorrow....
Wow Rangers, good job! Way to pitch Holland!
This in intense. ps dude golatended
Pickup Line: I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
Very Proud of "Baltimore Education Coalition" in their success last nite w/ bringing 700+ parents to City Hall for school funding Advocacy!
no. is the problem. He needs to get off the couch if he isn't going to tweet.
hey there
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
Bout to go through it on this flight to Allentown. should be unlawful for two big dudes to ride like this
thanks & God Bless U
We just gave bedding & households to a newly housed beautiful person!
I'm just not gonna touch you anymore.
All this Apple blogging has got our office into a Droid vs. Apple competition. Siri is slacking.....
Beautiful weather we&#39;re having:)
thank you! short...but sweet
Your suprer hot, fire hot, somethin like the sun in the sky<3
. What a great way to gain support! Really, jacking + dominating discussions you deem insufficient is just the thing.
Jefferson is ... Supremely cool!
just excited to see the new recruits Charlie Strong has coming in. We can support more than 1 sport at a time.
COUGH , yack. Think brazilian yellow and green (my ringer t today) the combo kills the tie. NO PIC!
I love watching and Watch What Happens Live! Never miss it! Not even the repeats!
At the NBC upfront at Radio City Music Hall. Much better experience that last year.
Busted! 45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians
Ugh just started... Any advise? I need to follow more ppl
Such a beautiful sunset! Miss ya! Have fun this weekend.
The best part of The Grey is the plane crash
trying to get used to college life and trying to find a job :/ things are very confusing now lol
Finally gonna get my haircut in like 10 min... It's about dam time.
Forgot how much I love playing basketball. Hamline/Hancock Rec Center pick up every Monday 7:30-9:00. All welcome.
r u wearing a suit again....I believe the public deserves a photo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Passed down from generation to generation...
Wednesday's Lower Columbia at Chemeketa softball twinbill has been moved to 2 p.m. Friday on Heerensperger Field at Tam O'Shanter Park.
#FCdish who's here?
Wish you were here. :(
Nails with the momma #loveher <U+E328>
I am the Mambo GodFather.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
precisely RT : not for a generation or two.
And if u ever get cold you'll just have to hack it, Cuz I'd be cold too if i gave you my jacket. #NiceGuys lol
Finally home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
OMG why people been texting me hapoy mothers day?? Wtf
Me and 's relationship is like a tsunami. It doesn't happen often, but when it hits it fucks everything up.
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass.
between and, inadvertently, , i've been put on to more fly sh*t than i would have ever found on my own.
Make that SAKIRI! :)
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
I love surfing eBay for Golden Age comics at fair prices.
Hey #ATX! 1.5 hrs left for you to get down to Highball & shop some awesome local vendors!! Get to it!!
7 cabins left on Allure of the Seas at locked in low prices about to expire DM if interested, free on board credits to the Western Caribbean
I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> follow me?
I've Decided To Be A Beliber!!!
#leanstartup / talk tonight should be good based on the discussion we had last week at launch
Why aren't my status updates showing up?
I've been praying daily. Thanking God. Praying for the health of family, friends, and myself. If you trust him, he'll always show up.
hehehe x yhu welcome and can we text :) miss gorgeous and hw yhu doing x
Yay! :) Coyotes are a tough team for us, so I know this series will be nail-biting! Going to need a lot of to keep me calm.
Did we have Soc. Studies homework ?
text me ASAP CHIKA!!!!
::dirty look:: No, SHE was driving a white 4x4 & if I wasn't a good driver, it would have been a really ugly morning.
follow back please(:
the Hesselbein Institute is wishing you SUCESS at tonight's event, we will be there! Congrats to INSPIRING YOUNG honorees!
is your bestie working at City Barbecue? Cuz I kinda think she might have taken my order there today.
Creativity Tip: To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. Joseph Chilton Pearce
and here goes the Heat fans talking shit on my TL...
...because they just don't think! Airspace between the ears. 8-/
Hear hear! RT : Thanks for your cheerful, competent, and friendly presence at
(cough cough) it didn't work this time (/ahem)
Keep the shipping numbers and pictures cominnn(:
aren't you sweet :)
I watched too! How did you like it?
definitely will next time. She was home with some friends celebrating her cpa exams.
Ugh...Brewrs lose :( but, you know I love Mark Kotsay.
I missed being in spin class with you! I was a lonely pedaler early this morn.
Instead of hating, start taking notes.
Biggest Union gathering I've seen in years. Lots of locals there. - JDG
I will never CHANGE, like the money in your sofa .
mom just booked our train and hotel for our trip to DC
Yes, thanks. Do they also install?
you pulling for 49ers?
omg, do u have recipe?? Pls share!
I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you! (:<
This just in: There IS no dagger...repeat: there IS no dagger in this game-Wayne Larivee/Larry McCarren
dat the truth :$
oh show was good, appt got pushed back & are my sunglasses in ur car
Time to get out of Afghanistan. Afghans don't want us there. US tried their best to help but they only care about the billions of $ we send.
better princess?
I totally just caught that fly :D #BORED!
To what end? As a starting point for shared vocabulary training? Because you know there is an actual technological "definition".
Now that I'm done with #TheHungerGames I can finally get caught on up some reviews.
um I'm in bec
Tomorrow night 11pm EST. A2zen.fm's very own Holly Hall will be my guest. Looking forward to a fun filled hr of open lines & astrology.
Bush era is like some massive trauma we've collectively suppressed. The minute it ended we stopped talking/thinking about it. (via )
Congrats on the baby!
Totally! I also bought myself a small bunch of roses :)
University of Houston students post your resume online
It's good news for Ravens fans as they will be good again. 12-4, Division sweep, #2 Seed...you ppl are worse than Hoosier fans.
This courtyard
Don't coaches have ppl upstairs to help them decide whether or not to challenge?
RT Trendeh The awkward moment when Diarrea is a trending topic... proving that the TT's really are shi.......never mind.
what u mean?
it was just more of the same, "If we don't play better come tournament time we won't win the title."
Decided to go to Tryst for a nightcap. The windows are open so I have a front row seat to the depravity of 18th St on a Fri night.
Age doesn't matter as much as the grade you're in.
I'm goin back to sleep
Never going outside again...these mosquito bites will be the death of me!
Sometimes... the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
is figuring out insurance companies and which to join. Interesting... Requesting compensation for services that you've already done... =P
bout to hit walgreens now
remember Xanga? that was awkward....
pretty much we are surrounded by seas..and it does snow..we are the evergreen state! What is greece known for?
Exactly one month till my birthday.
When is that? Update me
how far is Germany from Philly or new York?
Oh where are you going!?
#nowwatching Immortals and texting my bestfriend
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
Friends with benefitx
Within one week our SEO services generated over 250,000 for a small construction company in Denver Colorado.
come see us! :)
Rock! RT : up to play in SF, my boys playing in ATX. It's a cross-country rock fest!
so glad you like them! Heads up in the coming weeks for something you may like even more!!
I had an idea 4 a painting entitled Santorum Surge but dismissed it as a shitty idea ... :-/
Launch of New Email Archiving Appliance Results in Sonasoft to Forge Network of Independent Sales Representatives
I'm sick of florida I'm ready to get b.ck to the (north)carolinas
Getting ready for the Blazer game. Also all you blazer fans, be on the lookout for our Lunatik blazer tee. Gotta rock the hometown team.
You actually ate 2 jumbo slices one time!
will u be carrying the #NASCAR nationwide race from Phoenix today?
it's truly delish! in my movie version, felicity-evil olivia munn; chloe-sienna miller; stacy-mila kunis; hannah-becki newton!
Hitting 2nd, actually.
haha same! Im so screwed especially because it was due forever ago
#fuckinghatewhen someone texts me first then doesnt answer when i text em back smh
Good morning everyone!
Thank you gorgeous!!
It's Grab N Go Friday! Stop in on this beautiful day for your fresh hand-tied bouquet, only $14.99!!
planning to blog more about the change in workflow (prev tweet) and my addiction to LESS (idk why i enjoy it so much).
Thank you for the RT!
Congrats! I'm sure it meant a lot to him. // I still get the shakes! But it all turns out ok!
That's very debatable. Rio goes for 14 on 5 of 9 shooting with just 2 TOs and you see it as another chance to take a shot
I LOVE Geoffrey Royce Rojas!! Im officially his girlfriend!!...=D...lol
#tweetyourweight 237.0 lbs and 74 days till the wedding. At this rate I'm going to lose 135 lbs! Frickin awesome!
Great Benefit Brunch yesterday! What a wonderful way to spend a Sunday with
arrrgh I'll order from my phone on the ride down LOL
“ Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. ”
It's already Thursday one more day of work.
At least Jordan Hill isn't just choking his wife on this one.
loves summer nights
Religions change; beer and wine remain.
Tell you're friends they want to be part of our army on Twitter.
We have new Extended Service Hours! Saturdays from 8am - 4pm!
This is ALL for YOU.
Well Joby we already know he bit off yours :p
I'll take you, and you, and you.... Feeling like I'm at a candy store!
Making cupcakes with (:
Am I printing out a proof of BLACKBERRY: a magazine? Why, yes, I am!
thanks for sharing that Pens track!
Hi Ryan, please check out our medical info flash drive devices which are great for parents of special needs kids.
at losing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
*cough cough* fourhundred twentysix days and counting.
Should be watching mania but is waiting to clock into work.
We're trying to fill up our sxsw playing schedule. Anyone know of any additional parties/shows lookin to fill slots?
At the TMA awards ready to see which talent agent will win... Will it be again?! :)
"I am a hardened and shameless tea drinker,who with tea amused the evening,with tea solaced the midnight,and with tea welcomed the morning."
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Thanks! Happy Friday! RT: Congratulations! RT Fatboy® is in 's April/May issue!
define negative? Any complaints at all or mindless hate?
I'm out! :) might get on later! :) -Amanda
RT Hey, , just finished finals & wants to hear your songs on my show tonight!
Complimentary webinar: Promoting a Culture of Learning in a Non-Profit Environment: A Case Study featuring Feeding America.Tues, Sep 27 1pm
I can't watch this game anymore, shit is ridiculous
I always sit uncomfortably close to these 2+ seat takers...even when there is ample other options on the train. ~PK
I've really enjoyed our word nerd chat today.
Less than 12 hours!
Career Education shares slide on lower enrollment report
yeah, we will.
I'll remind you trust me :)
Giancarlo Stanton certainly seems to be warming up; second laser to LF clears the wall, 3-2 Marlins
Does someone need to climb the tower to fix a transmitter tube?
BITCH U WASENT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
omg lmfao when he said he was coming to Chicao again I just had so many mixed emotions going on ...
Columbia heights! Staying home sick today with a nasty head cold, but some Greek froyo would sure help!
now i have to read it! u gonna read the sequel?
you must have talked to Michelle about her wedding/trip.
I LOST MY PHONE NOW I CANT CALL YOU :O
Got accepted into the MBA program. Here we go.....
Feeling slow. Not motivated at all. Depressed even. Send me some inspirations!!
it was written in the stars at the FIU stadium! Thanks for all your energy ! Great performance!!
Sounds like a sunny day in a cookie! : Orange Lavender Creamsicle! Made with These WILL make you smile!"
Have I ever told you how amazing you are? You totally rock! Cheers!
The "Arts-Wired" school/community concept. To give basic skills/concepts as a utility.
nice! Im in accounting :)
happy birthday to my bestie!!
May I ask why you are mad about #thevoice?
Already up to 40 fans! Great!
RT : BridgePort Village location special: the famous "Korean Reuben Sandwich" come see why it's the best-selling special yet!
I wonder (& hope) the donor had the same level healthcare options as Cheney had.
gurl lol...she was kinda scared but now she always want him to come out the room, nieema was hitting and pitching him but they coo
Darn you, Smith Jackson. Crushing my dreams.
i love that song
those fucking nachos.
Happy Fat Tuesday y'all.
Hi Kelly!
Waitin for my main bitch to get to the house #tictoctrickpony <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Welcome new followers Good to have you!
What a momentous occasion! Your first tweet!!!!!!
whoa, that's so awesome man! Congrats!
Getting up from the computer to go spend time with my husband after a long day.
Stop stalking me on twitter!
My cousin may be an idiot sometimes but he gives really good advice
I'm in a meeting.... POW! - blodwyn style.
Flickr just redid their interface. Trying to keep from losing folks so pics show up at max size/proportion for your screen.
I've come to the conclusion that mother nature is going thru #menopause one day she cold and than others she have hot flashes! lol
Hang in there Wend..at least your real life is easy to cheer for.
Pierog thanked parents for contributing. She said one thing stuck with her was the eyes of a mom excited for the opportunities her child
_~!~~- HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
y'all are nuts! Miss you!
Hey cheer on Bulldogs extra hard for us. We're in the land of evil Duke Blue Devils visiting in-laws.
What are you doing to ensure you continue to grow and develop as a #leader?
Your going to have a great time at YAA. Looking forward to your performance :))
Okay, NYC - what do I want for lunch today?
“: If the only way I can be with you is in my dreams, then I want to sleep forever. - Harry Edward Styles”
Discount wine night & kids eat free tonight!
I would LOVE to help anytime you need!
Ok I'm up
hahaa i didnt think about turning the a/c on XD
it's so nice to sit in my own space again
Had girls night with an Rashane
“: I rather jump in the water than have a demon monkey attack me!!! Sorry I just had a #TempleRun moment. seriously...lmao
Bought a Vitamix today. Either it's going to be the most expensive appliance I own (pretty much the ONLY appliance I own) or amazing.
Love our new logo? Many thanks to creative folks at Eurie Creative for bringing together a love of science and the style of Vegas.
Made it krakow Poland! Two weeks of traveling begins! :)
I know i hate school i wish summer would get here already
Very productive day by being in the office when no one else is
F*** everybody who doubted me ahaa
nice article.
#mnshutdown not sure if I'm more dissapointed in the compromise or that 38% of MN beer drinkers buy Miller. Tip to liberals: push craft beer
Yeah. The one in my pants. #VIP RT Any parties tonight? (:
RT : Start creating irresistible surface design collections. Register for this FREE live training event!...
good ass quality
Yes. RT : Just launched today -- Find the latest international news from Al Jazeera English through Flipboard for your iPad
Nice seeing everyone at
oh yay! Let me know so we can sit together :) and perhaps do brunch?!?!
aww nice name ,but hard to pronounce..i'll go now .. talk to u soon baby <3
From a Crohns patient with an ileostomy-I say a huge thank you for all you do! I am am interested in what you are doing!
Happy mother's day!
Can we make that with beef instead!?
Text Alpfa to 69302 to receive the latest news about Alpfa Portland
You're going to be disappointed I'm afraid... in MN politics that is.
#Bannedbooks? WWBD - What Would Ben Do? Do you know Ben?
Getting tattooed in NY by one Mr. Chuck Donahue. Yes, the same. Wish I could contact his sister Aubrey. Tell her, will you?
prom buddy we should coordinate, LMAO!!
Almost the weekend!
Little boys have action toys for brains - The Killers
I'm at the store early this morning and its not even open yet
Troubleshooting and debugging are some of my two least favorite activities...
don't worry I will take some pictures and send them to you so you can feel like you are there :)
Im great (: Love your profile pic
Exciting script changes and new music surfacing for the upcoming production!
As always many thanks to the special people for taking such good care of us tonight. Exemplary service & food.
No not too far...I want to do something for sure
RT : It was elf and faerie day at the Texas Renaissance Festival. Also there was a zombified Henry VI.
Everybody head over to follow Minor Leaguer in the Rockies organization. Great guy to follow.
Never expected the lesbian with the Mohawk to pull out 9" dildo and randomly put it on our table (and her mouth!). Quality night @ Crave
Good Morning! Wish all a marbles day
when she's wit me she always got her legs up when she's with you she always got her hands out
It's Two for Tuesday!! That's two piercings for the price of one all day long! Come by and see our piercer Chris!
I find it funny that I often think, "Oh, wow! I'm this close to adulthood!" and I'm 28.
Hello Kitty!
Happy mothers day ! Love uu mommy cant wait to celebrate it nxt week since our schedules so busy 2day!
he's still around... taking care of some personal stuff but he'll be back soon!
I know man, my eyes are starting to get like max's eyes. lol :(
An #FF to those who will make May awesome (2/2)
“: If I really fuck with you, your problems are my problems.”
Shit. #Royals win tomorrow.
HAVE A GOOD DAY BABY!!!! MISS YOUR HANDSOME FACE THIS MORNING! MUAH! XOXO
can you email me pics?! Yay!!! :)
Off droppn new video tomorrow "Derrick rose" 4:00 sharp.that real street shit is here
You're right, that wasn't really fair :)
The conversation we had at house of pies>>>>>>> hahahahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I voted for in 08 but he has same ed policy as Romney I may vote #obama2012 but I won't campaign again
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. Teenage father? Yes, it happens. Safe, smart, protected, and educated? Yes, it’s a must.
Big Poppa! It's been way too long!!! Vegas trip soon?
Hey - #Atlanta "Tuesday Night Jazz Jam Session" at Churchill Grounds nightclub on Peachtree is sensational. Visitors must see!
Congrats on the nomination!
Happy Birthday Hope all is well with you. Enjoy your weekend.
4/13/1794->D. Stuart: The growth of the land is more valuable than the land itself; to protect it therefore is important.
Let's go Pacers don't choke now win this.
plz I need to see it.
every time someone mentions Cali to me it hurts. I LOVE Cali! Got a sister in Berkley. but love SoCal the most
Tuesday: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
2 tix will be under your name at Will Call
Concats to all the winners of the prize! Wheeee! good times!
Can't wait either! Especially since you have your own monies this year! haha
No string! Try it!
It's Friday and feeling fabulous!
It's less fun when you lose the good ones. :-(
send me ur email and I'll send you the posting (having trouble sending you a DM)
Nahh - they're just doing it right :)...holler next time u come in rt “: Man...we're so doing it wrong ;(
I FOUND THE 1D VIDEO I WAS TRYING TO SHOW YOU LAST NIGHT. I'LL REBLOG IT ON TUMBLR. GO SEE. NOW. :D
*embraces #Versionity* *climbs in the casket* *shuts casket door*
If a chick ever says she ain't slept with that many men. Ask for a #KatFax.... LM(Blowed)AO
Agree! RT Wikipedia panel was honest & engaging. One of the best of
Fuck that I don't even know why I tried with you . Some how I can never find someone good enough for me . Like is this how my whole life is
Cool trivia: The Kehinde Wiley painting on the cover of 's new CD is hanging in her living room.
Im sick that the Bulls lost but I got to watch it w one of the best groups of people I've been around in a long time...
sorry it was a robot system we tried, which was very frustrating. we are all human now!
#ILTA11 App looks great. Any way to increase the size of the my agenda applet?
Damn I cant believe im up this early!>.<
haha! It's literally been in my head all day, lol
OMG i love it! I wish that happened! Thank you! xx
Get your mac on xP lmfao. Oh how i love justisss.
Especially if you are around Barry and he's hungry...
Hi Brandi... Any level 2's in your future??
NYU Sophomore Makes His Big Screen Debut in The Hunger Games!
Somebody needs to tell me how to get rid of somebody on Twitter... like if they want you to start your own business. AAAUGH!
Thanks for the support brotha! “: Yet another terrible decision. won that. ”
RT : Unless you have no arms there seems to be almost no situation where using Siri is faster than just typing it yourself.
That looks good!
LOL, indeed. q:
Geez c'mon
stressed out from school
Thx for the RT, Liv. We have to meet in person and we need to go to AWP in Boston next year. Really worth the money.
I learned how to ollie 12 stairs it took me 40 times to try land it though and i learned how to fronside boardslide :D
JaQuizz Rodgers has his first big run of the game, about a 15 yard toss to the right.
I still can't get over the fact that there's a kid at UGA that rides a unicycle to class every day. #ChicksDigGuysWithWheel(s)
Thanks! : ) I'm looking forward to meeting you one day!
Hard work really pays off.
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee greets Federal Advisory Committee on 21st Century Conservation Service Corps at its second meeting
This is the day the Lord has made; we rejoice and we’re glad in it.
got mine today as a late birthday gift from my grandmother for the Hollywood show :) can't wait!
= Inspiration...I love you snm austin :)<333
"Have you ever noticed that if you rearranged the letters in mother in law, they come out to Woman Hitler?"
How do eels get around the seabed? They go by octobus.
Great workout at the gym!!! Feels good to push myself again!!
oh, well sometimes things get worse before great things..!!
Getting excited about the #TXScotRiteAccessLux raffle...hoping to win the 3k gift certificate!!
That last track link: not the usual stuff I usually do but it was #fun (no pun)
ok. when you need me to do something/someone, just shout. I'm quiet, but listening today
was so excited to finally buy boyfriend, & I get on iTunes & I only have 13 cents. WADDDUPP WITH THAT. do I kill myself now or
RT : RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
My Mom said today she wants the new iphone. This from the woman who doesn't fb or text! And has no idea what an app is!
I only get love notes from groupon. :-( cc
trynna write something today, wassup with a beat tho
Every book you read is a diffrent combination of the same 26 letters .....Mind Blowin
Join them
Simple solution would be trade the coach... oh wait
Huge sign says "Occupy Everything"
I wonder how often Eno’s Music for Airports gets (got?) played in airports.
today is Xavier's birthday...do i care enough to call or text him & tell him happy birthday.? uhh nopee.
yes, like us, software needs to play nice with others :)
RT : All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20.
MAX Service is disrupted by Equipment blocking the tracks near Lloyd Center... Shuttle Buses are being used...
stopping by the blogger lounge now!
playing that stupid a-z game that left me a scar ._________.
#lastthursday vendors, bars, patrons: where ya at! Announce thyself and thy specials using last Thursday hashtag
I heard HK restaraunt is boycotted by the Gays bc HK club made a dirogotory remark about faggots. I'm going there anyway bc I'v never been.
If you like cheese, you should definitely check out Artisinal!
hahahah sorry fixes your hair :) smiles
sitting on the opposite side of the newsroom today... only limited computer access good thing my BFF gave me her computer!
If you can't accept me at my worst... you don't desrve me at my best.~ unknown
<----------- FOLLOW HER! If you follow me, follow her. If you love Zayn Malik, follow her. She loves him too! :) Cool girl.
ok some reason my twitter page is sending out an nasty blogs about people i am following. the links are not working and just ignore them
how many miles do you fly in a year? Seems like you spend more time in the air than on the ground.
just learned a hard lesson: older tweets on saved searches aren't viewable after X number of days.
you are fucking cute
Second practice with HHV2.0 went really well. Tim and Noell are pros!
someone tell me where I can watch the drawing for mega millions
Just got back from the Jonathan Club downtown.
Just got to the Hotel :3
-- & thats what makes you awesome.
Social Control theory, a Social Process theory, says that a stronger bond to conventional society lessens probability for crime.
#EverFeelLike just breaking out into the Carlton dance while singing that Swag Surfing song. No? Just me huh? Ah well....
Hey #runchat i'll be at ye old Corporate Cup tomorrow, not sure how to race a 5K any more.
oh wait that was the second video that was recorded for the song my bad
Sign up on my website and visit the members page to see "behind the scenes" footage of me singing the national anthem for the chicago bulls!
haha!! That reminds me thank goodness that people only knows WMYB then they can't play it during seniors goodbye assembly :)
i haven't threw up in forever ......
Apparently, he hasn't been that good of a guy either lol.
have fun and plzzzz follow!!
Just a little reminder that Michael Aram is a beautiful wedding/anniversary gift AND we have it 30% off. Stop by to see the collection!
Uploaded some behind the scenes pics from my latest shoot with from Americas Next Top ModelCheck out my page at
I'll hook you up with a bracelet! What color?
Yo mama's so fat she needs a hula hoop to keep up her socks.
Lugar thanks campaign team and wife, Charlene, and his family. He congratulates Mourdock.
Great turnout for Content Strategy and Management #uwebc meeting coming up on January 12. Pain points, solutions, best practices.
#StupidStuffPeopleInstagram Someone planking
Starting my workout routine AGAIN tonight. I need some motivation or challenge. Anyone want to bet me $5,000 that I can't do it?
Class project: need postcards sent from New Mexico, Arkansas, Alabama, Maine, North Dakota, Montana and Nebraska. Respond if you can help
Travel News: Week in Miami! Post + photos upon my return to San Diego.
I heard they have to search Brian Wilson's beard at the airport.
I had a barbecue stain on my white t-shirt, she was killing me in that mini skirt
Received a little Japanese honor today and felt very, very honored indeed.
YOOO when are we going to Little Caesars, i'm fucking hungry !!
Tonight's screening, one word: triumphant.
"Boldness be my friend." -William Shakespeare
they told me he wasn't earlier but he can go now doe
Hah - I think I did on an early trip up to Calgary. yeah, I see it. ;)
Let's! So many of my favorite bands and artists this year!! :( wish they were on Warped Tour instead
Why hang out to sit on the phone?
and i say hy hy hy fr fr alright
Braun needs to chill the f@$k out. He's been riding the umps lately.
He's not retired until he tells Ed Werder he's retired
I need to have sex.
Great! I wish he'd hurry the hell up with it! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
I kno plies gne have some classic on the new mixtape
RT!! : Grinding away on the brand new DC #HealthData + Innovation Week website w/! Stay tuned.
It was incredible. Lives up to the hype, the action and story were great and it's got some pretty funny parts in it too.
VS bouta come out harder than eva
As I was saying ...
That's why I haven't seen you in mad long.. OH. RT : I know a lot of people I just stay away
Ok ladies, seriously, quit coddling those kids. A bit selfish mom raises resourceful, independent kids & less stress.
Not complaining, at all, just kind of amazing. I should just pack them constantly and keep the system fed.
thank you sweetheart!!
we'll touch base later. It's time for him to get ready to head back to Selmer. Have a great day!
Ah! I think I packed my straightener! DX
Do you need help in going gluten and dairy free? That's what I do! Lot's of delicious recipes at www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
Thanks to for the RT of my review of
Omg, that's cute :)
My boy..over here cheering me on...Finna get her!!
Too bad...well we're talking about it!! : ) ...step 1 !
In Detroit
It occurred to me that Trayvon looks similar to my son, similar to me at that age and half of my family. I wish others saw him the same way.
Lol I'm still at my aunts... ugh:/
Me and Josh H. are getting married ok.
This thunderstorm is intense! I love it!
World Cup Update: both games around the 80 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 0-0 and England is leading Slovenia 1-0
It's National Women's Health Week and today is National Women's Check Up Day! Take the pledge to visit your doctor and discuss routine...
I took them both in one semester, it was very hard to do but I came out of both with a B. Focus, focus, focus.
This game is unwatchable, least of all because it's been nothing but commercials for 15 minutes
The be-all and end-all of life should not be to get rich, but to enrich the world. ~B. C. Forbes
The kiddies are out playing 3 flies up!! Brings back memories...
Steak, pizza, shoney's and orange leaf. is one hungry dude.
dont worry white pple like free stuff too lol
keep smiling love :)
Not gonna lie...hes cute ;)
going well.. And we will let you know Thanks
Would u rather b GIRLFRIEND OR BESTFRIEND &&WHY? Tweet me wana hear 4rm yal(:
Actually I have class w Manley in about 25 min. Can't wait.
Love the #Jaguar at Play commercial! Where was it shot at?
Come join us Feb 5 to raise money for the Abq Kings!!!
Yoga isn't a girly workout! I'm hurting!
Nothing wrong with a little flirting lol! Glad you liked the performance on the wendy williams show - The Storm
With puns like that, people will soon be Bolton for the door.
Forgetting what is behind & straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal...for which God has called me... - Philippians 3
I bet banana brad thinks he's really cool.
Live-tweeting the #Capsim competition rounds from - currently #TKC is in 2nd place worldwide. Second round starts at 1pm
I've eaten and i cant get up!
Appreciate that paid so much attention to design!
Finally, an App that tells you how much to budget for your recording. su.pr/1OxPmp
That RBI single from looming really large now.
RIP Steve Jobs
Mayor recognizes need for more college grads. Parents play key role.
True but it's the most accurate.
everyone has an addiction. mine happens to be you.
good morning pretty girl, thank you! Hope all is well... I'm so ready for another vacation!
Thx FUN night in LA w/ Met some interesting creative people including among others
its a compliment, don't worry :)
Should I color my hair purple or teal blue?
of course I know what you mean. I'm not THAT much younger than u ;)
I am. sessions are surprisingly good!
Thank you for the follow. Am happy to
Coaching rocks. Coach class sucks.
oh no!! That sucks, is that what they told you at the first DR appt where they press on your stomach??
Misty morn reflection: Before the day hits - what is really important to do with this precious slice of life in front of you?
Home run!!
Omg beyonce is pregnant
im opposed to that fakery
Just decided I'm getting laid off tomorrow. Ah, that will be nice.
“The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate!” <U+2015> Terry Moore
ha ha only cuz he funny (he better b funny) lol
": if I was your boyfriend" I'd never let you go.
Always having a fly in the restaurant. One of the staples of a great fast food chain. Wendys learned this early.
No problem. It deserves a re-tweet in my opinion. Hopefully, bullies overall in general will get the message.
stands by earlier comments on twitter about three white men in a room making big decisions for new york state.
It feels really strange to be around Moscone the week just *before* RSA
Since tomorrow my #birthday! Question of the day: What's the best or worst birthday present you've ever gotten?
New on #YouTown today: City of Brisbane (Australia), City of Christchurch (New Zealand), City of Clyde (OH),
The only regret Vidal Sassoon had looking back on his life in terms of his personal growth was a 4 year degree.
Good morning! Enjoying a slightly warm dirty Chai this morning (unfortunately can't have steaming hot coffee) How is everyone today?
Today's Program and Strategy Committee Meeting has been CANCELLED. Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.
im looking for a summer job too! Lol and #chillaxin XD jk gonna be looking for auditions asap!
Wish this never happened
I tend to sit in my living room wit just my underwear on early in the morning.... :*
Manic Panic is the best!!!
I'm bout it
Thanks for your business!
Awesome! Thanks! I can't wait to see it.
you too :)
Makin' moves! RT Today was an "all hands on deck" kind of day. It was stressful, but it was also fun.
oh popcorn sounds really good right now
After Obama's Gay Marriage speech Ricky Martin to perform benefit concert in his honor - Barry now reconsidering his stance -
I leave THE CUTEST voicemails!!!!!!
INTERESTED IN PROMOTING FOR J NOTEZ MUSIC AND XCLUSIVE RECORDS? CONTACT HERE FOR MORE INFO -Xclusive Records
- i mean, i have unlimited texts, but that drives me CRAZY.
Why is a newspaper ten times more interesting when somebody across the table is reading it?
I am about to dust this little Asian lady on the track!
Yes. I'm an addict. Lol
Whats the word on the Marni x H&M in #Chicago? sold out?!
OMG Did I ever and tonight's show #ICriedWhen they showed how it affected his son.
It's a sweet life! RT : I'm going to start living my life through
Yeah, writing this paper was hard enough without the rain and my neighbor signing to a Spanish opera
These are one of those times in my life where I just need to trust in the Lord and pray.
The feeling of when u think u forget something and don't know what it is >>>>
I haven't but will be trying a few out soon! Have you stumbled on any interesting ones?
Don't expect Rickie Weeks to be out of #Brewers lineup anytime soon. Roenicke: "He’s going to be in there until he tells me otherwise.”
Looking to do some shoots for online stores <3
Looking 4 talented models, actors, artists. If you are interested, send headshots, resume to
Wow are we serious?? 2 piercings for the price of one?? Yes.We are serious. We will be open till 9pm!!
Fitting! Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend ! Thank you ALL for the follows
Gadhafi pushes ahead as Arab League debates help...www.tncnews.com
Thanks -- looking forward to it. Is everything from the trip being aired in one shot or will this be a series?
that is outstanding Beiber Knowledge.
i cant stop Listening to what makes you beautiful
#waystomakemehappy treat me like a priority instead of an option.
Ready to head over to the venue with thanks to all for the luv and support for him, best fans in the world!!! ()
What are you going to see?
I wish it would rain tonight ;*
change the world for the better. vote yes! vote for equality and justice. vote yes!
venus de milo, bopicity, and the list goes on
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
That was supposed to be skillz but my phone can't spell such things right ;-)
Take it how u want I'm a do me
My teeth feel funny. Probably because I ate a chocolate bunny earlier.
Thankfully. Think what could happen if this kind of education gets out *there*...
I'm bored. I can't decide whether to play the Sims or continue to save this shitload of pics..
I'd been sticking up for Roger for years, but tonight I'm forced to take off the blue glasses.
good morning all a misty morning down here :(
haha mine used to go down near my butt...bahaha :)
Should I be taking that as a compliment? Ha RT : dude you're killing me
You're great! :)
I love getting band followers. It makes me feel like such a boss.
I've got one.
mayb in england its ok to be a child till your 30..prob why ur fave still acts 12 she wishes she was a white girl from england
Searching for a great gift to impress the foodie in your life? Gift certificates now available online!
Muni, you know I love you, but when it rains you're a hot steamy mess.
you only have 6 students this summer?
LOokin through old pics.. need a camera.. Clik..Flash.greatness
All they have is tactics.. and they're good tactics and well funded, but there are weaknesses to probe and exploit
I will not loose
Enjoying My Drinks while listening to the best Rock Music at my most Fav place in the City #PerfectCompany #PerfectMood :)
I am the opportunity of profit. Cuz no matter Wat I do or where I go I can't stop it
it happens
And I cant ever get enough of either lol
Thank you for the Rt!!! Xo J
Havent been on twitter in forever... Well got a professional camera<3 WOOH!(:
Wow. The file is only 23.7 megs. Well I know you'll get after them if they don't fix it asap! :D
why not??
So I've decided that is like for thirty-somethings. I hereby dub him, "The Bubes".
Really frustrated with now, misled (if not blatently lied to) by "customer service" at bunch of times. Horrible service.
it did, one of the most beneficial sessions I've attended today. Thanks
Chillin man, you?
did I get to see either of the co hawks teams
Too early to sleep
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Tuesday.
I dunno if doing the *stanky legs* is what comes to mind after that line of the song...
Shouldn't he be making one for you? Have a good evening.
I am back from the tropical wilds! Did you miss me? I certainly missed you, while I was eating pineapple on the beach.
get at me man. Let me shoot you a promo commercial for your "WINNING" campaign. Email me:
Yo man I will be seeking your advice on how you manage with Asani LOL
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'? ----Jay Leno
i wish i would have known then what i know now. it would have made me a stronger man. #feellikeshit!
Note. Actual title '7 tips to make your videos useful in the long term'
...we're a bit behind you in mileage! Congrats! (sometimes I forget to watch my character count!)
Ethical dilemma - if every other sidewalk has 3 feet of snow, should I still shovel mine?
im trynna make money not friends
Bubble burst! 25 left final table next
Still in FB jail...next time instead of posting social commentary, I'll just put up pics of pussy and hood fights like everyone else
Nice! Though I can't believe you didn't know Art Linkletter.
Training Myth: Great sources of training information for beginners can be found in fitness and bodybuilding magazines.
It's saturday night and I'm in craigslist looking for a place to live! need to move at the end of the month!
Good morning, thank you Lord Jesus!
What?? LOL. What is this seriousness #pageantqueen “: I'm captivated by you baby like a fireworks show.”
Wish # oomf would just keep it 100 reguardless of what needs to be said or done...
you told me to let you know when they beat a good team. pacers win in chicago
Thanks, sorry for the late reply, usually I get notifications. But yeah, if you search me out I'm always up to game!
how about giving a shout out to an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey. please? =)
Shuffle is quite good! He was just in town for !
“: I know my d (Derek) was not having his best game that final game” how bout singletons d
I heard there was a fight at the game! you weren't apart of it were you???
Why not? What's wrong with Tupperware?
Get in my belly! RT New this year beer AND cocktail specials! Thanks to
Yum yum! Thanks for your thoughts, the soup sounds great...Can't wait to get started!
Love to have you, maybe start a linguistics of gaming program? RT : That's it, I'm transferring to U. Baltimore.
I like! Needs more swearing on it.
hope u can relax n forget da day
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
With , off to dinner tonight, then a Sherlock Holmes preview sponsored by PBS & Poisoned Pen Bookstore.
#TMI 1. I have to pee. 2. I'm sitting under a pile of 1D posters. 3. I have to hang them on my wall, I'm not just sitting under them...
Somehow the only thing I have scheduled for this weekend is Librarians' happy hour tonight.
what is it going to jump up to $7.00 per gallon there all of the sudden? Stock up! Gas is going up!
“: Tix for Red And Yellow Video Premiere Afterparty on 5/18 are on sale now. Get them while they're hot.”
I love random facts! This one is too funny.
Check out Pholium on the iPad app store. Great stuff
Did you know that if you take care of your gaylord's they are worth at least $3.50 more per box then if you recycle them as OCC
Pulled an all night with ! Gotta say I'm a little shocked she's up this late...early... lol
I'll read some of your writing if you read some of mine. Like 2/3 pages to see if it works.
When your babes are verified after everything they have been through... :D <3
She said I look like a bag of Money. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
LoL Cumberland was my "L" stop in college! XD Guess I was always meant to be there! XD
I ask what she's harping about. "It's an 11 word poem to assess relationships."
there have been quite a few packer friendly calls.
Yummy goodness
Just posted my first YouTube video! <33
We are playing a huge show at The Chance, Friday June 11th. Come be one of hundreds of people there and help support your favorite new band
The new Beach House album is beautiful. Merry Beach-Housemas!
Code Red
Hunter, you have to go because apparently they don't allow women, so no one from Betabeat can attend! :'(
now following back ;)
What did our ancestors do before coffee? It must have been a sad and depressing time :)
#PilatesDay is Saturday! To celebrate, we are offering a FREE Mat Class at 8am to our clients. It's our way of saying #ThankYou!
What follows lightning? Thunder. And what follows thunder? Thor! God of thunder. Clearly I just watched
girl I was nervous!! Lol
Best of luck in the MS walk!
yeah, it only works if your debt load is larger than the average bear. That's right. I just ruined a Yogi Bear quote
Road rage, Retail Rage, blahblahblah. How about some Courage?
Jordin i love your Music you inspire me(:
Big thanks to Robert Ayers of the Broncos who will be our 13th man next week. This will be a fun event for our fans.
Brohydez will be performing live at the Rocket Room 406 Clemente San Francisco!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh wow that's too bad. It's such a special, magical place. Hope it reopens sooner than later.
140 can't explain how much fun tues night cx is. love it! probably inhaled 10 liters of dust. good prep for my trip to beijing this week.
Seven Mary three 11.
The USC Condoms are going to get flushed out of Eugene Saturday!
Clean up, clean up, everybody clean up!
I wonder if LeBron has a sports psychologist or a personal coach. I think if he got a good one, it would be huge for him
I'm so lost haha
Gotta love being the boss... You get no credit when you do a good job. But heaven for bid you or one your employees slip up it's that ass!
dammit i meant
Search for it on the AppStore
“: lol we won't plan - may not approve. I meant we will plan a wine segment together :)”> good catch!
Looking Up
Couldn't be any worse...maybe Carl cld spend som $ ": NO!!! Get him away. We don't need his 5 year plan here"
Yes. That will happen starting Sunday's in sept.
the dark one or the light one?
Pops told me you called, i hit you back.
i don't recall this lol
I know, although its really good. And a good lunch option for those of us who have offices near there.
8 hour video game binge. I think so!
TRY OUR NEW MENU
Wanna give a shout out to the Sixers for getting routed by the bum ass Wizards so the #Celtics could move into first!
Why are so many people watching a show starring Urkel, Gladys Knight without a Pip, a dude from Telemundo and a 55-year-old tennis player ?
FINALLY! It snowed in Summit County, Colorado! Enough of these perfect fall days w/ 70 degrees and no clouds!
Tonight's Special: Grill Chicken Sandwich - Pepper Jack, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, & Garlic Aioli w/ Choice of Side $10.50
Just saw two guys sharing a beer...and they weren't even black.
“: J.R. Smith: #SCtop10” Holy Madison Square Garden!
Meet ya theater when you're back ": you get a redemption chance. #maketherightchoice”
I loved him on UF. Hey what other leagues should I check out,. I was into K1 when I was in Japan, and I follow UFC. Any others?
welcome that's wat mahomies does
Just saw Slowhand play Cocaine on If that doesn`t move you, you`re dead.
I'm going for once every week. It's a process to improve from once a month, you know. It's a study in wit and brevity.
Congratss! You look so different than when i saw you for !
while you're in Florida can you make a stop at Florida Atlantic university? They need a lesson in how to make good gnocchi :)
Come for a visit then so you can get a nice big hug! :-) RT : BOOM! I feel like I am in the WRONG country right now!!! ;)
will it result in my being a certified prezi specialist? I need some kind of reward!
After #GhoulsGoneWild , stop by for pizza and beer! Or pizza! Or beer!
Trying 2 Perform Somewhere But Don't Know -KaeSmoove
#3words Super Bowl Champs
: like that
what's THA deal!!! Holla@ dirty bout hoppin on a track...I knw he was gettin a fire ass one ready for u...!!
Rochester Ny 9:00 pm WBEE 92.5 Country Radio 9:00 PM SUNDAY Upstate On stage ! Rickey Debuts listen in.a moment ago - clear
happy birthday.
i dont know;)
Sorry for delay in answering you. Richmond, VA
hahah! come watch it with me! :)
Can't wait 4 to present How to Effectively Engage Requirement Contributors in Philly on April 16...
I'm a Realtor w/ endless personality! & a resident of Cedar Mill! Would love to help you sell Scott-Mitchell.com
RT : Also, you guys, stop blaming Washington for Congress. We clearly can't even vote for these people! We're a nice...
Haha.. It is a good week to be a Colorado fan!
It's never too late! Stay tuned..another album will be dropping soon!! Happy New year
Great race at the
there was this guy stalking girls at the middle school next 2 us
Let me take you to a place that's nice and quiet where there ain't no one there to interrupt .. ain't gotta rush !
Today's K atty tip: #documentreview projects offering a flexible schedule attracts the best talent.
Lowry is done for the yr.
am I the only one that notices they are ALL very busty? Maybe because they wear little to no clothes?
OMG YAY! You are the best <333
Welcome to Doing the creative work of theatre!
we've an AED right in the office! Philly DOH Healthy Start Program <3
where will you be for your bday?!
Headed to pregame meal. The focus on tonights game intensifies now. Time to enjoy being with each other while thinking about the task ahead.
Would not be surprised nor would I care if STL dumps Ryan Franklin whenever they can. He's been God-awful this year, incl. tonite.
maybe i'll start signing all of my academic emails with "your most humble and obedient servant". or "burn this immediately."
its already taken
This is a pre-Tai Chi class tweet. Don't feel too hot... But I'm always better after a few rounds of Tai Chi - more energy, more centered
growing up, we always rubbed aloe plant on our burns and took a bath with baking soda
miss you Alex!! Hang session asap pppuuhlease! Okay maybe can come...
Thank you for a wonderful #Oscar party! Congragulations from Our Academy to yours!
#Sixers tie the series up and take game 2, final score of 82-81. That was not supposed to happen. Now I'm ticked.
This is why I'm hot, no that is why I'm
Looks SO good !! RT : its not far! Get over there, is coming too!
Robin Thicke Songs makes me want you even more!! :( #TeamExpress Come on...
No worries, man. Good luck!
Sometimes it would just be nice to know that there was actually someone out there that I could talk to. Someone that actually cared...
Personally, I prefer Shaq performing NO HOOKS (very underrated song) not performing Bey :)
Chinatown (7th and h) 1) consume tacos del primavera. 2) peruse the portrait gallery, 3) down barbacoa tacos Just cause you can. You livin'
i love you soo much. i love you on #LetsStayTogether you make the show awsome. also congrats on trending, have a goodnight :)
Well. That's got to be the first time I had a dream about branding. Corporate-style, not cattle. *That* wouldn't be a first.
Someone told me I'm immature and need to grow up. Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now
Congrats on becoming a Grandpa!
My favorite porn star follows me.... Swag
Cleared::TRAFFIC: Janesville - Disabled Semi blocking the exit ramp to WB Hwy 11 from I39/90.
Minor? I'm at work and I passionately lip-synced to this masterpiece. No fucks given.
I love the peeps at Mile High Vienna Stand. Hope you enjoyed your hot dogs and beef!
Lucy Liu in a new show? Say word. With her fly Asian self.
new obsticals, same grind homie . Still tryna get it
Just go ahead and audition well, cry a little when you don't get the role you want, but never ask why. ~Michael Shurtleff
"If I have given you delight / By aught that I have done / Let me lie quiet in that night / Which shall be yours anon." O!
Big Sean sound bored all the time.
Follow on pic you at RocRoyal143MB
Kevin clark at new venue mojitos corner esplanade and frenchman 9 til midnight. Fun menue and 40 dif rums. Yum. No cover $2 beer nola.
Thanks!! Happy early Mom's day!!
Graduation starts in just about an hour? Yeeks.
ya that 1 was defiantly boring ill just wait until they have it on a movie site on the computer
SOMETIMES WHAT YOU THINK IS LOVE IS ANYTHING BUT THAT....
There will be cigars Matt. Also, you're required to be there
Thanks for you vote to retain Georgia Street, Mike!
Someone buy me a car! :)
Oh stop. Sounds like it was a good time. Rumor has it Joseph Deqouis (spelling?) is having one soon.
Help! tired of hearing how 50% pay nothing in federal taxes. Pls. share link to anything that refutes or puts in context
It smells unmistakably and strongly of skunk in FS mall right now.
That's hilarious! Big hat, big glasses ;)
Thanks and idiots always welcome!
that never happens...
BART ride conga line was a bust. Excuse me for trying to inject some fun in our daily commutes. Maybe the bus will have a better attitude.
An Open Letter to My (4th Tier) Law School
OK Confucius. Tebow's more of a rah-rah guy than Barkley. Not sure who would argue with that.
at Best Buy(:
Sounds like an awesome plan ;)
I would have loved to have seen the breakdown for the priest in Nicki Minaj's new Rocky Horror musical sketch
my shoes for the fashion show are amazing!!! Thanks Bishop!! They will go so well with my Zoe!
almost one whole year. asdfghjk
Hashtags do need a certain critical mass to be useful. Otherwise you may as well just follow the few people who use it.
i need to just quit hockey and stop embarrassing myself
The MOMS Sale is coming up in only 2 months - what are you looking to buy?
I bought myself a birthday cake today and it isn't even my birthday. So there!
*fingers crossed* I want that marketing manager position SO BAD. It'd totally be a GREAT step from where i'm at now.
not to be disturbing or anything but.... we were all once in a mans balls o.O
shit me too I gotta work tomorrow!!
there is no need 4 that face... i was being serious i aint seen my buddy jessy d in a while
It's made! :D
what ever
Whoever gon night night nigga Don't look at that white light nigga I'm back on this dark shit If you scared get a night light nigga
NO IM NOT!!! i promise im not pretty. :)
Wishing you all the best!
cus don't none of them got real hair
Today I see another small glimpse of the reason I voted for Obama. I hope to see more. The big ones. The bold progressive ideals fought for!
Why is it so hard for me to express my feelings?
It amazes me how nosey neighbors can be, they makeup shit, just because you don't talk to them
#PhilosophicalTweet v.v
mIles is discusting
what will it take to get amazing to follow me and notice you mean the world to me so it would be a wish come true of u did <33
Just spotted a Tab soda in the dual use office kitchen/time machine.
I can't wait for these fights!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE FUN AND GO AND MAKE AUSTIN WISH U.
come over. I'll make you one!
You're a headache waiting to happen.
Must be nice to have a $96M deal after a rough year.
#artsummit, conversation continues at Grantmakers in the Arts in San Francisco,
sadly, no. the new plan is to make it this coming weekend. :)
I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now.
ya i think im going to sleep soon going to go pray this nightmare ends soon
It's a MGK kind of day.
can I please be one of your lucky followers? <3
um idk I can check. Lol i can text it to you. DM ur # to me.
Considered yadda yadda yadda but it seemed too formal.
So. Amazingly. Happy. Monkey island: SE and sam and max season 3 on ps3. Life is amazing. How appropriate! You fight like a cow!
Only 5 mins into the Fucked Up show in Chicago and and I already both received hugs from
“we accept the love we think we deserve.”
That's "Almost Factual News," and I wonder if the has an unfortunate prankster doing ad placement.
Bitch, I know you see me talkin.
Working Out sucks.
looks like it, just check for the updates. But thats how it looks
oh so you don't bend over? You squat, right? :) jkkkk
our cookout is great! Great friends and great weather!!!
I want to listen to this song but I fear it will soon be played out
just got home from the most amazing night of my life <3 ;)
Gagging for a drink and a dress-up. Can't wait for tuxes and tipples tonight!
Job seeking success happens when you use the search itself as a platform to demonstrate your skills.
I'm getting sick of how buggy Hulu Plus is on Roku. Anyone else having problems?
Direct Download Link 36 Free Ebooks Graphics dan Design ...
RT : Presumably someone has started a trust for Sally's therapy?
show of hands, who plays the #House "You're an idiot" drinking game, it's like the #24 "You're running out of time" one.... :P
Welcome Friends!!!
.: New version of Google Fusion Tables to be announced today.
Hi there fightinglib
Cha-ching! -- Yeah I heard that !!!
Oh, and thanks so much for the follows! :)
#everygirl should stop acting fake.. It's not worth it
Crap! I HAVE THAT. I haven't watched any of the special features, though. This will be remedied IMMEDIATELY. Well, tomorrow.
Is my internet bad, or is the stream just really sucky??
I already have some models, just looking for some first-person advice tonite if anyone has it!
Don't jinx this great weather. I'm holding out for January. RT : when is going to snow!!????
make 'em say ow, make 'em say oh, the hoes that tell me yes, the same ones that tell ya no!
#iftheworldendsonsaturday what would you guys do if the world really ends tomorrow?
and I'm here in pgh. :(
this sucks ass freak this ugh
Does f@$king Newman have money on the giants. He's killing me
student/candidate - who has limited clout - but should be that of tenured and more senior academics.
Hello and congratulations to 2 of the USA marathon team !!!
I really need to move out of this neighborhood. Republican candidate yard signs..Obama sucks bumper stickers and Ron Paul signs.
welcome to the Broncos Osweiler and Wolfe we're gonna need you to make a run at Superbowl...
Tonight's phrase that pays: odd man rush
Preparing to enjoy lunch at my daughters schools with them both. They don't expect it. Very excited.
Spoon - Wikipedia the free encyclopedia - spoons
I like for him to text/call first cause that let me kno im on his mind
how does your school rank compared to those in your town. Mine didn't do so hot.
ok I RT your last tweet. Let's see if you are a person of your word. Hm?
Also, Bluetooth audio profiles now included in-box, only about 7 years late.
Off to #Bayhill to watch today. Looking forward to "non-Disney" time in Orlando.
I'm not a "WAR is everything" guy but Bartlett and Headly avg 1.8 WAR the last 2 yrs. Plus moving Aramis mid season is a bad idea
Kentucky might blow the doors off this game tonight. Their talent is ridiculous.
OMG I'm back my gf decided to tape my mouse so I thought my computer died for 20 minutes...
Why do I have people in my contacts that I've never even talked to before
ur gay why'd u unfollow me.. Fail
In the car on my way to West Palm Beach for a festival!
thanku for s/o earlier xx
the feeling is mutual!
To all my new followers, thanks! Look forward to continuing #aam2011 conversations with you.
wasn't me but would love to talk, too. Cc
The part where the hulk just threw Loki into the ground like 7 times had me laughing so hard i was nearly peeing.
"The legs feed the wolf" ~ Miracle
it may be possible. give us a call and we can discuss it!
Had fun auditioning for "Sea of Destiny" yesterday. I was exhausted after it though. A LOT of emotions!
lol. Very true. Plenty will become wealthy from this IPO, problem is, they want to become multi-millionaires in 8 minutes
Nighty Night twitter peeps. Z.
thank you bella :-)
Looking forward to dinner at Mastro's tonight. Our last experience was not great so they offered us a redo. That's service and smarts.
I did :) #SoListen is amazing!! Im blasting it on repeat Lol :) 143
True...and we complain about that in the summer too. We're never happy, weather wise, it seems LOL.
Did you wash ur hands ? grandma made me promise to remind you. Your friend was sniffling
sweet! time to google some myspace surveys lol
You always fall in love when you least expect it
Nobody gonna break my stride...
"WHAT'S YOUR STATUS AT THE BANK?"
Congrats! RT : Hey! My first 7$ Dinners column is in today's newspaper. Beef & bean burritos side of corn..: $6.35 serves 4!
Got an iPhone!!!! :D
can't wait for my Christmas performance at school
hey baby. Im still waiting to see u on cam. Cant find lisa carter. Ive tried serveral times to get ahold of you. Whats up?
More lies and propaganda.
Daily Special, Tue 04/17/12 - Thick-cut pork chop w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, dressing, green beens, & bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo <U+2665>
Styling a Photo shoot for #Austinlifestylemagazine today!
Excited to announce that with be in Nashville this week to record with Joshua Silverberg.
Wish you were here!
RT : "Unless you make $10,000 a day or get 100,000 uniques a month, you shouldn't be doing A/B testing" -
just had her first encounter w/ a New York City fireman. And yes, they are every bit the sexy one would imagine. ;)
you're proud to say you've made a mistake but you're a coward 'till the end..
if you can retweet the news I would really appreciate it... thanks!
Rise and grind folks!
Excited to be added to the Key West Songwriters Festival again this year! May 2-6. Thanks
Thank you so much!
Good idea! RT ...I've written a draft paper on this, let me update it a bit, put it on SSRN & discuss!
Earth Day this weekend. Looking to clear the dust and clear the air at the same time? Made in America with American air!...
Need to shop for a b'day gift for myself. Best area in Austin to do so?
i was only trynna get ahead.
nice to meet u
Currently planning for our Nation Wide Live Streaming Concert on Nov 27th
the thunder are some hoes tho, he just made ur team mate go night night and nobody even pushed MWP
RT : Stewart Downing in England Euro squad is a joke. No PL goals, no assists, most shots without scoring - Opta facts.
Second interview tomorrow then I got the job!
lol she gone beat u
Thx! There's room on the bandwagon. : Congrats! Now go beat the ducks
i don't think that cat's thirsty at all. he just enjoys making me turn the water on and off. 'look! dad can do a trick!'
#DIAMOND! Rattie scores for the breaking the tie! 2-1 Hawks!
This week I'm having my Orange Rose, Chinese symbol for friendship, & Sun/Moon mosaics framed! They will look even more gorgeous!
Oh Well She shouda been a boy smh shes a short aggressive monster
Yes, that film certainly deserves a scat award!
#Top100Lies (when you were a kid) my mom said I can't let anyone borrow it
It's quite the dream come true for me. An incredible new high school, smack in the middle of the Village. Hard to beat...
You know it's a good day when you have to take out your sunglasses
what is the easiest and possibly the fastest way to get a film budget
My wife and I really love your show. And I love it when you guest judge on other shows (Top Chef)
thanks twitter, that was a fun ride. twitter experiment 2011-2012...
Thanks for retweeting, I very much appreciate it. :P And, just in time for the blog post, it would seem. ^.^
Flux Pavillion, Kaskade and Deadmau5. Pumping up this office at in Denver.
thank you so much i loved it... amazing night with amazing people thanks you you rocked columbus!!!
im like not tired at all -__-
Lucky girl
Just got out of church for my little sisters baptism, now headed to breakfast at Mimi's. I'm starving!
Warm weather where have you gone???? too cold today in NYC
Per #madmen made a mistake naming a character Megan; that was a very rare name in the US at that time
application time ( :
New merch on the way!
RT : notifies you when your local bridges are up. Starting with Downtown Miami & Brickell.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
great ebook "7 Rules". Thanks for being a great resource! b gr8 now. u r gr8 now!
My auto correct makes your, you're. Shit. Lolololololololol
Yes it does because if they don't pitch you then you don't get called in!
Love the fact that is on Twitter now. I could already tell this will be interesting!
Hope my fave New Yorkers are having fun at the Bway League Conf!
Only 3 days until Starting Point Apex launches!!!! Will you join us in this awesome celebration????
Come party with the whole fam & myself cuz its gon bang fa sho!
and please accept my apologies.
Thus the "Kinda."
Down the stretch they rise and fire!!!! RT “: Gus Johnson would be a good addition to the #KentuckyDerby”
andy choked omg "i'm dipping it in your manhood"
So I hope all the gifts have been returned...unwrapped with care... :)
I can't imagine who would want Julia Taylor on their panel after she testified that firing Tim Russell was a bad thing.
Thank you! I appreciate the love!
RT : Love this from the #socialpros podcast "If you don't love #socialmedia, you probably suck at social media." via
:Shrimp burritos~chicken kabobs (healthy) ~bacon wrapped hot dogs ~watermelon salad w yogurt E.9 & lakeside #Fahrenheit #foodtruck Today 11"
Oh my goodness...Charlotte needs to go down!!! Too cocky!
Just heard about you too. I'm gonna check out your website. What were you shooting today?
much appreciated! i'm really looking forward to it :)
The feeling you get when you know they need they ass beat but you got to play cool smh
haha no but I gave her a paper about getting a donation for a class I'm in
Join me on Crowdtap, earn money for charity and collaborate w/brands
I've been out of the Idol loop this year
Artists Scoring Film panel going on right now
girl don't be entertaining that...to all yo haters.....keep yo game face on..
“: It's always too soon to quit ~ Norman Vincent Peale”
Proving everyone who ever doubted me wrong is what keeps me going. #hardwork&patience
yeah, I was thinking it's all your fault it's not sunny today :) Am looking forward to this evening too.
lets go pacers !
really bad weather in indiana today
Undergrad hands-on experience using (not just seeing) primary source documents and Special Collections "is life-transforming"
Nice work!! You are way ahead of me... but I did peek at the Kate Spade sale of course.
Had a great time at Blog Mixer tonight! Tukwila, WA - Westfield Southcenter Mall location. Great new styles for the season!
RT : FB buying Instagram to provide seamless integration between photos of ur dinner and the ppl who don't want to see them.
let's hang Sat night! I'm going to bed!
I agree though 2012 has not been all that kind but I know at least for me it could be a lot worse. 2011 kind of sucked too. Lol
I love - both educational AND entertaining. It just doesn't get much better than that.
You could spend your Mother's Day at the beach or a brunch, but have you ever considered a visit to the cemetery?
Keeler chose the #Badgers over other offers Miami (FL), Illinois, West Virginia, Nebraska, Tennessee and 12 other offers
That bitch in front of us at the movies: I want to kill her.
Is the return of Beavis and Butthead still on? If not, that came and went quickly.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN! <3
QoTD: "To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities." (Bruce Lee)
If you're going to announce a pregnancy, engagement, death, or death of an engagement today, it's probably smarter to wait until tomorrow.
see you MDW in Vegas!
Soo the gift for my mom for mothers day just got here! \^.^/
We can't balance without our pinky toe!
Wouldn't West Virginia be a good fit for B1G? As a Buckeye I would love to see that as a great new rivalry.
o the air force! That sounds interesting. No, I mean, I forgot where your hometown is...lol
Where is my profile pic? It's not showing up...?
and on that note we out..
there are actually a few shows we are playing in July .... We will announce soon !!
I love having different networks of people to chill with. Keeps shit fresh
The funny thing is when white or balc people try to dance in Bollywood!! #NoOffence (:
I love it!
Hey its Omer. Happy Father's Day! HUGE 1-time SPECIAL EVENT 2nite @ PLAYHOUSE w/ Sharam (deep dish). Reply YES for VIP LIST + Presale Tix.
nice font by the way XD
ok make sure your twitter name is in the pic and send it to me by dec 29th :)
Thanks man!
Whoever made that Ginobli circa 2003 comparison for James Harden was spot-on. It is uncanny sometimes how closely he resembles the Argentine
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom Lois and all she does for me...she puts up with alotta my shit I swear no one else would
Free tee! Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
apparently y'all didnt recognize how many belts he brought to that ring..
Fancy a date?
Have to leave for Isotopes park in five minutes, but there are 22 minutes left in this episode of The X-Files we're watching.
Britty is the best . --
Porn stars be wanting respect these days
you wifi in the sky? See u in NYC!
Thnx for following, liked your website too- I know alot of women who are affected that way too. Have a good evening Cheryl
Do you know that we have a new iPad app just for teachers?! DM us and we'll register you for exclusive access!
We finally beat the caps in the playoffs. this is our year!!!!
Headed to the Vigil at MICA!
Dan Savage Apologizes for Bullying During Anti-Bullying Speech
It's an open day at OPEN MiKE. Stop by and chat with the people who there.
Cocoa Puffs for lunch! #score!
I am at the @ Madison Children's Museum with my 7 yo and the place is over run with entire Darlington elementary school.
Thanks Chuck, always looking for more great information to help cops survive their careers!
I misinterpreted what you had said reference Dems and media. Simple as that. Happens easily when you only have 140 to work with
You guys are literally sweet! RT Thx ! We like your #chocolate word play!
AKA we wont be getting a response. They're going to change a core ideology and hope everyone leaves or forgets
Are you gonna call me? :o
Screaming happy birthday to my big sista we gone get it in today
Stories bookstore in Echo Park, Thursday night, 7:30...b4 I head out to 's kingdom in the desert. Yea! Excited!
Professional Firefighters of Utah Convention starts is 2 days, 9 hours, 40 mins and ... www.pffu2011.com
always on dah grind! Follow him, trust.
THAT JUST HAPPENED OH GOD
Hit #CoreMedia for not only CD & DVD mfg, but for kickin custom t-shirts & apparel for your band, cause or company. #SanAntonio is home.
Yes! Say "thank you for my raise."
Crossing fingers, heart meds at the ready...
hah sounds good on surface, but what's a life worth living w/o building, imagining, learning, struggling/winning.
no, I changed my mind and just came ha
The situation had landed down under *fingers crossed* he stays there lol
some people on facebook I would love to punch
thank you!!!
VIDEO PICK. 212 Azealia Banks. DANCERS GO OFF. HIP HOP, HOUSE & MORE MIXED INTO ONE.
So tickled to see use an iPad thru out his performance tonight. How can we get librarians to do the same thing?
Umm is that thunder???? :o
i too am a mac addict without an iphone. will do the pre-order. and let you know
oh just that huh haha that's awesome. There's a guitar at my parents house in IL with your name on it :-)
#SomeWomenCantStand when their men take a night out with the boys. I literally feed off the guilt that emanates from mine when he comes home
DID U KNOW IT WAS NUTELLA DAY?
Woke to 1st snowfall of the season. Warmth of coffee steaming from my cup, dusting cobwebs from my mind, then off 2 studio 2 be inspired.
she works hard for the money
The Social Media workshop was awesome! Thank you so much! I am so excited to start using some of the techniques you showed us!
60 tonight.... 80 in the morning... #teamfollowback..... Goodnight followers....
I don't know I forgot... :s
Seeking: Junior Tactical Operations Engineer for NYC trading firm, troubleshoot issues, API, C++, provide ad hoc data for traders Please se…
unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
Well done, People of Tongass. Great visuals.
No need to subtweet.
Set goals that are aligned with your authentic self. You will still run into the odd snafoo, but that'll be just a bump in the road...
Announcing 2011 entry catagories:Sculpture, Paint, Photography and Drawing/Mixed Media
It may seem like the hardest thing to do, but you have to forget about the person who forgot about you.
Seriously cannot wait for #BOYFRIEND were breaking those 5M ;)
Being a well-known director doesn't legitimate a"rape". Since it is a "rape rape"!All this ado to justify him makes me indignant
oh ok, I still got the fever though...
lol i think they do a great job scouting over there. Invest in it a lot i think
nice meeting you guys! Hope to see you in Denver again soon!
yes!!!! Then either moes or some Chinese ;)
bout to head to band practice...then WAFFLES! ha
Wow, 400 followers! Thank you everyone for your support
Why not have "social media host/hostess" thAt greets and guides u thru each show?
May God always keep you FLY in SPIRIT AND MIND...
The smell is making me sick....
People like this page:)
Memo to Craig Coshun: Annunciate better. You managed to make home woes sound like homos.
Thanks a lot for the review. Nice! I've been continuing to live my passion: , ,
Would you rather be Austin's next door neighbor or go to school with the crew.?
I vote yes!
well, it was a little awkward watching him troll various dating sites... ;)
thanks for being out about your atheism. It's brave and much appreciated!
follow me pretty pretty please :)
that sun looks very beautiful(:
Design the things that matter to your bus, org. or personal life. From prod. marketing to just being a good showman on a date w/ your wife.
I already watched it, but I wish I could watch it again! Hope you enjoy it!
I've always wanted to see how big Justin Bieber's dick is<U+03E1>
This sounds like it cld really work: Chechen govt hopes find of dinosaur eggs will help turn region into nature preserve, shed violent rep
Thanks for the RT!
Smh you was thirsty to be a crybaby smh
I have twenty days to bring my grade up in English one. I swear to God I hate my english teacher with a passion.
Postcards, postcards, postcards. Actors should send them to casting directors!! Yes, all the time and continually. McDonald's does it.
Thanks! They gave its hard copies of the materials, but I like LOCKSS.
no its ok ill show it to you tomarrow it was really funny accually
Ring out ahoya.
A 75 year old man is in critical condition after being in a hit and run on 86th street...I'm talking to witnesses now
Why is this night different from all other nights?
96.2% of my friends are natural. Sorry, folks. It ain't happening.
excuse me
no but he pays a fine for leaving; uthoff can go where he wants as long as they get a reasonable explanation...is that so hard?
OmG I LuV Da bAnD oF BLooD On thE DaNcE fLoOr ThEy r sO AwEsOmE
Did a little of shopping before work.... now about to eat my soup at work <U+E409><U+E409><U+E056>
she don't know who she is lol
on a scale from sufjan stevens to early bright eyes, how sad am i?
You can't punish yourself into change. You can't whip yourself into shape. But you can love yourself into well-being. - Susan Skye
thanks girl! We will have to all go to another concert soon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#YouShouldntEver hate she is the prettiest red head ever
I love it when ppl start following just so they can add me to their mass-spam-blast. Publicists don't seem to get Twitter
hope you guys can make it out!
tweet limit wbu
#tgif have a good weekend!
- Man you had to show that, boy that looks good
"Staples Center... June 1st...I'm there!!.. it's about damn time!!!"
just registered its 3000th user!
I'm not going to let you ruin my day
i need a life check
JUST SAW A BIG BLACK GUY DRIVING A SMART CAR
the serial numbers are unique to mac and pc - they wont work on both platforms unfortunatly so we may need to buy another serial
What a fantastic day!!!
I'm trying out that Food Lab place by India's rehearsal. They serve you coffee in a bowl!
usually, the plugged in drive takes the next available drive letter. Is that not happening for you?
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? ???? Beliebers Are Unstoppable
RT Peace out Bobby V.
See where Gov. Chris Christy is endorsing Romney. Guess that guarantees Romney the votes of the Mormons and the morbidly obese!
Music = 90%business + 10%show. Agree or disagree. Holla
Bet the dude who traded me Weaver and Tabata for Latos and Lo Cain is sobbing to himself right now.
Spring came early this year! Who's out there enjoying the great weather?
ALMOST NEVER by the late Daniel Sada, trans. by Katherine Silver, out from today! Been waiting a while for this one
awww well im kinda busy too :( sucks find somebody like merlyn moose :3
hey if yall have any events at school we would love to come down and perform
If you see my mom today, give her a big fat kiss. It's her birthday! She looks so good in an apron.
Happy Holidays, Jeannine! I hope you are well, too.
Quote: "Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him." Aldous Huxley
Inviting Pathways Alumni to follow our new Twitter feed -- welcome Alums!
I have drunk too much coffee. How can I tell? I am shaking and cannot sit still.
hahhaaha thats me and i can confidently say that chemistry is the most unimportant subject ever.
The truth can be quite painful
Hello Ladies!
thanks for the warm welcome! Cool to be in touch!!! :)
amen to that - but then that feeds into their insecurity cause they see other men want you too
...so you think you're getting my key huh? told me to watch my back.
I hate it when It wont let me retweet people
Thank you so much for sharing our content!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle. ( Ain't that the truth! )
Yeah the offense should always been run thru Gasol and Randolph, I hate when they go away from that
Follow to know where we are each night!
Just a new phone, time for some fun
totally you!!
My mom worried that flickr video of our 9 month old baby in the tub will be a draw for "Internet pervs"
I play 14 instruments fluently. my favorite one is the piano
it was good you?
We open in 10 minutes and we have our Fresh Homemade Chile Verde to fill your Breakfast Burrito! Delicioso!
Soccer ?? Who cares
The show's over! Thanks for watching, and if you haven't voted yet, please do via Facebook, or Twitter to #24HOP!
educating us at Unconference about issues w/ CC license & need to update license. #wherecamptb2012 "creative" open to interpretation
My throat hurts. My head is pounding. I can't feel my feet. I have a huge mystery bruise on my ass .. I'd say it was a good night :)
Heineken Semi-Finals: The pinnacle of the sport
Good News: About half of our sales are to men. Someone is finally getting the message. Good job guys. Carry on and toot away.
Finally trying out Trello and finding it just about the perfect tool to plan out a release.
My husband just finished his 2nd degree in nursing! I'm so proud of him. It hasn't been easy when you throw the birth of twins in the mix!
We reconvene next week after a brief break to recover from Comic-Con and school stuff. Game on!
haha yes :D
RT : #GopherFootball is like the slot machines at The Monte Carlo hotel in Vegas. It's about time for a big pay out.
Amazingly descriptive - not only can I smell the chaotic emergency room, but I can smell it.
why my wife & sister chose this morning to pepper me with questions I'll never know
Playing Scramble
Melancholia is on Netflix. Beware, you WILL experience some motion sickness and possibly vomit.
Signing up for and learning about Twitter.
Thanks so much! Your technical support has been a very valuable and reliable tool for our growth.
I love twisters! Do you know about the new one at Wyoming and Paseo?
And yet, #Streisand is still a thrill. Happy birthday to
I love !! Wish we had one close around here, but alas...
Amen to that!
It shouldn't bother me but it does.
Mgk's remixes>
Every moment your life is a part of a bigger picture remember that every milestone on the way your choose the outcome of your journey.
: I already have Arie, Charlie and Tony moving on...
Something needs done re immigration. Agreed. AZ's law is terrible policy. It's racial politics, not good public policy.
it's beautiful but unfortunately I can't read the word "thus" right now without cracking myself up.
Losing badly at Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon tonight...
I think I'm starting to like u ;)
Have a relaxing day today!
LIL BRO JUST PLAYED IN AND ONE HIS FIRST BASKETBALL GAME!!
"Good girls try to play bad girl games and bad girls try to be what they just aint...Thats when the problems start..."
Is there any way we can get all presidential candidates (and other political offices as well) to stop saying the word "Folks"?
That guy in the 1800 Tequila commercial is really not as cool as he thinks he is.
thanks! It is absolutely mind blowing that no one blinks an eye that I coach Mens XC, but wont be considered for M.Bball
We all think that raising our phones 6 inches in the air will give us better service... lol
it would really be awesome !!! Is there 5D ? I think there is not .
My daughter said "stinky" not "amen" at the end of her prayer tonight. If everyone practiced this, the world would be a better place
“Popcorn Flicks” by will show free, family-friendly films at Central Park in #WinterPark tmrw at 8pm
Started treatment 4 a 10yo boy w/ low back pain 4 2 years! MD said it was normal & that parents shouldn't worry. 2 treatments no pain now.
I love looking at other girls' #SF fashion on the bus. (No I'm not staring creepily at you.) So many haute ladiezz in this city!
Huge Veterans Day sales going on all weekend! Queen sets as low as $249 and the largest selection of bedroom sets!
me too.
ah crap! I would love to go!! But I'm not in Chicago right now!!!
Awe...bragging u sucked off a porn star is well...sigh...you sucked off a porn star, does that make u a co-star? Can I get an amen ?
glad u enjoyed it! I was listening to Levan's "Journey into Paradise" compilation recently. That and some salsoul goodies.
I wear many hats - Christian, wife, mom, singer/songwriter, Zumba instructor....Can't imagine not being all of me! Dare to be all of YOU!
I was going to ask you what you drew on DrawSomething but I figured it out. :P
wow... this is a great video
Having a great day in #Brookhaven Atlanta ! Stop by for some excellent eco-friendly baby gifts!
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog. SHAME!
hi hi hi how are you?
seen Marvel's The Avengers? if so, what you think?
thnks for the love
Thanks for the RT and the invite to the Luncheon!
I can smell my son's feet across the room :0 he wont take his cowboy boots off even to sleep
Saw them last time around & they were loud but not nauseatingly loud, to my disappointment. Maybe they'll turn it up tonight.
feeling better somewhat better. He has been getting lots of slushies!
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. FORREST GUMP 1994
Love the Tourist trees! RT : Puerto Rico: we invented Bark Tourism!
CO House finally passes HB1345, school finance act, 3 hours before session ends.
Exactly Dan. Thanx a bunches ;)
Going to get breakfast.
what's the score?
Thx! It's good to be back. And we will DEFINITELY see you soon , for this year's awards :-)
these days seem long.
I just noticed I tweeted tha exact same thing as you Hahah.
Will never ever take walking on my own two feet for granted again! Recovering from ankle surgery - still - cast comes off next Friday!
I need more followers!!! Help me!!
Thank you whale <3 but no cx, when I break out cause of my period...its literally the end of the world for me.
Dear pencil: I just had you. You can come out of hiding now. Love, me, not being able to sleep and wanting to draw.
You're welcome!!! Good luck with the promo tours!!!
wow! They are sick sick sick.
I kno! :( i dunno... i wanna take at least a weeks vaca from work.
Inspiring times w + yesterday. Up next for us is next Fri 5/11 at in #somerville!
couldn't have said it better ma'self.
She Could Still Text Me -__-
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Admire your addictive ways! Any new personal records lately?
Rep. Hunter: Defense cuts of $100 billion every year over 10 years. Current defense strategy not based off risk analysis; based off budget
Bunt now.
I am looking forward to tomorrow too.
We are very excited for #ChoosePlay next week! Come out and play with us!
Lamenting an hour lost
I love your style. If I was famous I'd have you style me all the time :)
Anyone have a movie script for us??? Send it for a chance to get it on the screen.
AKA "Wait until commercials to use the bathroom" kind of playoff hockey!
A promise is a promise & you said you would be here.
Thinking about changing my Twitter name
Isn't it weird that I listened to #SaySomething on Tuesday. Later that day I met my crush, whose birthday is July 4th. And yesterday (c)
Shit I Was Wrong!
Maui Mall’s 40th Anniversary Celebration and Super Shopper Finale on Dec 3 and 4 - fun & action! We’re giving away almost $3500 in prizes!
My first Caps game! I'm in love!
No, because you're a Pats fan. Duh
Bummer about the Andy-Milos match. I was looking forward to it.
FAMILY FORCE 5 & CASH CASH MAY OR MAY NOT BE POSSIBLY COLLABORATING!!!!! :,D
Jacob Tamme has joined Peyton Manning signing in Denver with the Broncos for 3 years and 9 million dollars
Thanks, Amy! Glad you enjoy the blog. How've you been?
that cow retweet was for you!!!!! Hahahahaha
Great way to end the year with new high end clients - Fashion Design Expo and USA Today.
Ready for a goodtime? Cum down and grab a hookah and check our drink specials..
Oh, it's ... unsettling.
Did anyone else fucking LOVE the movie "Crossroads" with Britney Spears in it? Fangirling HARDCORE right now.
he is very cute with that violin!
no prob kiddo
Just saw a face on TV I haven't for a long time:
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable."-George Bernard Shaw
Jackie, in order to win you need to add a profile photo so this looks like a real account :)
I almost squeed
Im just gonna keep reading kimi wa petto and wait for my hair
hit me up with Skype or Oovoo names
More than a little creeped out that the ads I'm getting now are specifically for delay and flanger pedals.
must have been blinded by the pants and shoes has been sporting lately.
Get moving!
Today was a good day... :)
Tupac Hologram. Chills. Love.
wow! How long have you had it?
So excited to be signed up for the !!! Excited and nervous...and scared...Oh no..what did I just do???
haha this year was... Different..? Haha. But the other years I've been at TCC, it's a lot better than this year for sure..
3 more days. Who are you looking forward to see play?
cant hear you talk over the crowd bruh.. follow aonther jimmy?
Ain't nothing like a Saturday in october
It should be a Constitutional amendment that you can't run for POTUS if you "talk to God" or claim that "God talks directly to you.".
If i were to start learning how to use flash, what program/version would you recommend? and do you know of any good tutorials?
Registered Sacramento Process Server to handle your subpoenas, summons, small claims, wage garnishments, & bank Levy, 916-509-0677
is bubbling with optimism.
easy run this afternoon with followed by clean and jerks, hand stand push ups, double unders and ball slams at crossfit. OOF
We're still working the bugs out with the network, hopefully we'll be live with the Nice & Slow Mix by 12:30. Cross your fingers...
thank you! stoked you think so! :)
I hate when ppl try to "double check" ur life as if u can't handle ur own business. Jus N case you didn't know check urself B4 u check NE 1!
Woo hoo!! We are soo excited for Thursday! RT : Vegas!!!! FInally ;-)
Please follow
do you live there
Check out perceptionsalon.com this #blackfriday for huge gift card sale deals, have a terrific day
amen, truth tella
I cook twice as much food as I need to because I wish someone else would eat it. FML.
yeah, I cant wait for training camp, and the season to start. Also the draft
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
Finished the yard by moonlight. Grass still rich and thick like Nestle's Quik...but signs of change are near. Get ready troops.
Scott Walker lied on WISN Channel 12 Milwaukee.
wow no comment lol
My girlfriend shops at both of those stores. Score!
oh. very cool
Oil change on the ride! Gonna peel out on the exit!
omerta...next tatt?!?! Might be.
" ...because your everything I`m looking for i know cause I`m not looking anymore..." 11:11 - Austin Mahone on Replay!! <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
u got Zwagg girl u rock Rt
Since when did having Skittles and an Arizona iced tea make people suspicious
Logic dictates that (c) owners should make themselves locatable. Maybe there's not an OW issue, technology will fix all
LOL technically I live in Virginia, which you'd know if you had addressed my envelope yet ;)
Welcome to Europe and announcing our #structureeurope conference. Read more about the new channel and event here:...
One Small Change: Spring Cleaning in the Kitchen
Agreed. RT : It is amazing how much people get done if they don't worry about who gets the credit.
“: 2nd treadmill run of the day starts with 'Til I Collapse...coincidence???!!! Thanks pandora and eminem!” yes!!
Adele's Voice. Is Like Craving Chocolate On Valentines Day? You Want More Of it. I Wanna Here Adele's Voice Some More :))
Say what you want but sometimes a Friday night in is just what I need.
thank you doll! You are awesome!
Yes. And it is the season finale. Crazy!
Kinda realized that I lik cuddlin n watchin a movie tis it was nice ;)
of course !(:
That's the same thing i said
Thank you for the #followback hope to serve you soon!
i hope we get our projects back from coach drayton mines bad ass
referring to the Google bit, that is.
I feel pretty "blessed" to have hid so hard in the closet for the 4 nerve racking years of high school and escape bullying (to my face).
thanks for the follow Melissa! Cheers!
Watching Sports Center and just saw that the NBA playoffs start today. Huh, who knew!
Intoxicated by the moon
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Socrates quote-Only the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change ~
Aesop Rock - Daylight
that sucks! did you name it? i broke my little chillum the night before 4/20 :(
o be nice leave Jermaine hair alone
The fact that my little brother still talks about BGC7. I'm worried about him
"Man is the creature of circumstances." Robert Owen, born on this day in 1771.
- lol too funny!
hey I just wanted to say hey and I'm still waiting on them tostadas you gone owe me two plates soon tell Kevin an the girls hi
RT : "US Culture in the Age of Experts," w Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me, & Priscilla Wald responding, is on the prgm for
With the news that got full-time at Tribal, we need to celebrate!
"I believe the children are our future"...opened my law school entrance exam & shaped my career. RIP Whitney
Yea, it was in the Missionary Herald--the ABCFM's flagship magazine.
I just love how all these people are going to set up everything for us on "autopilot."
Taco bell went off now pandora until I doze off
Waiting rooms should have barcaloungers if the waits are going to two hours.
So my kid, who is a Southern girl at heart, is getting heavily recruited by both Alabama AND Auburn.... Hm let the games begin.
RT : I feel proud to have had so many ex. of mothering & family beyond my family of origin. Diversity = Strength not limit ...
Yea Buddy!!!!
Finally FB stands up for the users who have made them so wealthy. Next move - sell user data directly to the employers.
awesome schools :-)
Found my Aaron Carter cd :)
Thanks for for the #WW! I learn from your tweets, so thank you for that, too.
I wish i was a senior so i could move on and never fall for your games (o^^)o (o^^)oo(^^o)o(^^o) (o^^)oo(^^o)
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates
We spoke with a group of North San Diego County Realtors & investors today. We're happy to speak with your group, too!
but I do see myself as a missionary of anarchism, sustainability, solidarity, and most importantly: music
The WFA is on the march! Now at the Roy Arias Studios in Manhattan . Less than ten days to go.
I've lost 83.....I'm so close to my goal.....scale hasn't budged in weeks :(
Would love to find some #swimming buddies (Peninsula YMCA on Valeta)!
:O lol but u don't remember my bday huh!?
you should be the first janoskian to follow me
Another scuffle ensues. Let em fight!
ahh we dont that's from a few seasons back we believe...but that shouldnt stop you from coming by haha!
Ryan Moats. Ended up having a decent career but boy was he putrid with the Eagles. Couldn't remember a play call or hold onto ball.
Knock KnockWho's there !Armenia !Armenia who ?Armenia every word I say !
i kniw ugh, oh well at least we can say time is a bitch ahahhahahhah
Idk. I feel sad but there's nothing to be sad about..
STOP LYING. It's too much dude..
& The song just come on my ipod im listen to it right now "ahh
what happened?! We owe each other some phone calls.
I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious
Aw, shucks!
Who's going to this occupy fundraiser on sante fe?
Plenty of grub in the Young & Hungry food court! You know your stomach is grumbling by now.
RT : Dudes in KC, want to impress a first date? is the new venue of choice. // works on spouses too
That's ridiculous. By now you probably have your food & I bet it's delicious!
cute but voice is annoying!
I ask u this question: why do u follow me? I am no messiah. I can barely spell messiah
Yeah buddy rollin like a big shot ;*
Do not regret growing older. It's a privilege denied to many.
great. Bring him over a d we can escort him to the VIP section
Fox News, y u no have news about foxes?!
"Has Grizzly Man arrived?"
Budget & Evaluations meeting today! Great presentations for future planning!
Somebody slap me. I taught the cockaiel to whistle Jingle bells. better than halls of montezuma which was taught while we were on vacation
I can't stand feeling trapped. I'm happy with things yes but knowing I cant just hop a flight and start over, annoys me.
I thought it was cute what that girl told us lol !(:
make two dreams come true but following me nd 43
RT : That's Michigan's first lead over Ohio since Nov. 17, 2007
Nothin in life will EVER knock me down. Thank you haters for fueling the fire to conquer my ultimate desires in life! Even Jesus had haters!
Its not as easy as it looks
Umm, yeah. My last RT was crap. I can't find how to delete it easily so I've come here to say it was wrong. SMH
You cannot estimate the immensity of the f*ck in which I do not give
half time tweet....we gottem right where we want them.look out..
where in heavens name are you finding all these tidbits of wisdom?...
Just home from taking the kids to see the Lorax -- we loved it!
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind." - William James. Smile!
Senior Dancers are warming up for tomorrow- Be there! Senior Dance Concert, BU Dance Theater- box office: 617 358 2500
If you play with fire, your gonna get burned. Just like if you play with someones heart, they'll hurt yours in return </3
Anni told me about that.. Hahahaha.
This will not end well...
Looking up 'how to join AFTRA' and 'How to join the Hell's Angels" pops up, which naturally was my next search, thanks #ehow.com!
Good to learn more about health & fitness - probably shouldn't have been a sit down meeting, in retrospect
i need 2 more followers wussup
typing a 3 page paper for english -__-
Is it bad that the thing I'm most excited for in THOR 2 is more Idris Elba as Heimdall?
Congrats, happy birthday!! Looking forward to seeing what is in store from you guys in year 6.
Who's had a chance to see all the #Batman filming action?
There were some great moments but I've yet to see a news special on #transkids that isn't sensationalized.
Local comic book store was already out of the Firefly comic by 11 a.m., but I did get a free Buffy comic (w/Caitlin R. Kiernan story in it).
I can't understand you right now please do your best to loose the accent
what holiday?
We dont have stray dogs in our neighborhood, we have #Lycans I know I havs one.
have a url I can check it out at?
your amazingg. and oh.. YOURE LIKE 20 MINUTES AWAY so um.. where should we meet up? lool
Our podcast is that precious! (I greatly appreciate all of your hard work.)
<---- This guy used to follow his dreams til they got a restraining order!!!!!
still not sure why anyone would travel to #somolia journalists? peaceworkers?
I cant trust my own sister -_-
Thanks to and all our peeps for a great night in the Yoo Hoo Room last night! We'll see you again soon.
Oh no, my fingers I swear have a mind of their own when I type. :D I think your fingers are lovely.
Likewise. Good way to end it.
This game is awful. I feel so bad for Jay. Omiyale and Kellen Davis aren't NFL starters.
the President has assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
small, in land park with really amazing pizza & 1/2 price bottles of wine on Thursdays. Win!
g door. You?
I moved on from PlayStation but still with Sony! Happy new year!!!
awesome! I'll be waiting. XD
The Greatest Tour of 2012, Get your Tickets Now!
im pretty sure , da worst part is dat da snitch got me in half da trouble im in & i stuck my neck 4 him
That's sweet
What is your plan? Are you going to watch Super Bowl?
Worst day eveer :/ !
Build Day this Saturday folks!! Make sure sure to sign up this week only 40 spots available
“: honestly, who is posting tweets on my twitter cause it isnt me.... #honestly” honestly...
Deals dropping like snow. Year end may make up for the rest of 2011.
In my texas, hole in the wall bbq joints (like that one in belton wrote about) would be open now.
be mad at all the people killed and sorry but I don't have anything bad to say about the soldiers..not til I walk in their shoes
I completely agree! I love that song!
Abraham Lincoln
don't give up. just be you, cause life's too short to me anybody else <3
good to relax on sundays:)
RT oh my gosh!! i just heard on ESPNU for the the Alabama/Florida game... thats so cool!
Nope. Missed that. Guess I'll just have to go back.
From a Lakers fan in SoCal to you: get the hell off my team, punk! You're an embarassment to Phil Jackson and the Lakers.
no i dont..from what heard myspace is dead. i will have a fb i'm working on it right now ok.
Someone help me learn this philosophy for my final
Danny O'Brien to the #Badgers should be a great 2 year starter, then we'll get 3 years of after he redshirts this year!
probably in the evening because I have class nd errands to run lol! I'll keep you posted tho
Tore It Up Tonight Kid!! Nice Win!!!
me too! They could save money and the fans would be much happier!!
"Somebody is smokin the devils grass"...loll
This month's drawing for 2 free hours has been made! Check out our Facebook page to see if your name was drawn. www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
. 21 days till boyfriend . Super excited . #iloveyou .
Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)
Oz is at Eubank and Devolepment for lunch service.
#smh Rob it's just a game 1 lol.. #GoLakers RT : Have your $$$ ready when they take this sweep!!! LOL
I'm riding round An I'm gettin it It's mine I spend it !
Tell your hubby about the benefits of massage! Maybe he will like our Deep Heat muscle relief?
Stalkin Austin and reading all of his tweets! :D
Make em work for it grizz.
#MusLearning The things I remember are the things I can connect to things I've already learned, which makes indiv. facts seem less unique
This better be a fun Saturday night!
thanks.. haha was about to have an brain hemorrhage if I saw DU go by one more time and not know what it was... GOOD LUCK!
you know it Angela!
celebrating a friends birthday this weekend, so lots of drinking lol that's pretty much the plan. How about you?
yes, I look forward to it
I'll admit it: I found my first trip to Chambana terrifying. [+]
wish more men understood that
Daniel Craig - English (King's), Rooney Mara - some kind of eastern European, Robin Wright - ? Stelan Skarsgard - Swedish
stiff, no personality etc
Love the "I say," I say.
Thank you! How did you find us? When are you submitting an article?
so much bro(:
JFK Was Assassinated because of Executive Order 11110 -- #OWS needs to focus ALL it's strength on ENDING THE FEDERAL RESERVE
We!! #Caps !!! 6th straight road win, 9th straight W... Love it!!
Nice article, Casey.
Drag Me to Hell sucked? Oh no. We're only going to one movie this year - that was going to be it.
i miss u too dawg!
No egg has been left unturned to ensure these rare birds survived in captivity before releasing them back into the wildlands of Mauritius.
I'm the Illest Chick Alive , Realist Chick Alive! :) hehehe
#imagine you were Austins girlfriend ;)
swagg ! don't let anyone hold you down ;-)
\Google should develop a feature that lets Gmail users reference previously sent emails with a link.
Catchng up on Media. Watching Nikki Minaj "My Time Now" bio MTV. OMG just crying, and shes TRINI like me :-) We have similar spirits 4 real
haha just saw this. Love the tweet requests from the bar!
You are so welcome!!! Majorly impressed by your awesomeness on #iOS game!
I need a name for a new "synergy drink." Slogan will be: "Leverage your beverage."
They've grown so much <U+263A>
your welcome for the #ff !! :P
I want to go watch the avengers in 3D. ;D
You can't not give a s**t your whole life then wonder why it sucks!
Please come to the civic center at 4pm. We need as many as we can for our march.
you would have made a lot more had not overslept!
I so agree. Sharon is an amazing human being. I would not be so
Checked the weather. Looks like a perfect day for some rock and roll.
In the whip with babe , his sister, and her daughter (: <U+2665>
You got rims on your Kia
Starbucks have the best Turkey and Swiss Sandwiches !!!!!
You can cure racism and hatred by injecting music and love into peoples lives.
More Notable Birthdays: Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, Megan Fox.
Most definitely. Would love to get back to Ucross sooner than later.
Scouts honor <U+E012>
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy, it's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you...
thankyou to all my new followers today :D love you all!
when and how much?
thx....i will be getting in touch with u
oh wow... Sry bt i would hve never guess u were white:-)
Glenn Frey is singing "My Buddy" on NPR!
If i hear about a miami signing i will camp outside a week in advance just to get wrist bands!! no joke
Omigod I hate Elise. I really, really hate Elise. #hellskitchen Or at least the editor is good at making me hate Elise.
Gettin to this msg late my bad, how long are you guys in town for? Gonna be a little hectic until Friday night.
my mornings are always amazing waking up next to you lov your are truely a heaven sent angel n thank u for all that u r. I Love you
Naaaw um we not finna do this... playing mexican music at 2:25 am... hell noo
ran out the class screaming "RAAAPPPEEEE"
The movie Meet John Doe is on as I read your tweet & it too has the message to meet, know & help your neighbors. Thanks
Where my phone??
Don't have tickets for Faces of Hope Gala? U can buy at the door! 7PM LA State Museum, cocktail attire. CU tonight!
Last Night was fun , beautiful people and great music!
Hey, undercover police officer, I really really dig your gigantic antennas.
Yes. A ticket to Thursday's game get's both games
Agreed! It will be a nice addition to the waterfront.
Eating cotton late at night makes Alf think he's Frank Sinatra.
no one did shit to him. seriously
Happy Thanksgiving!
So are you saying I should cut my lawn tonight or wait until tomorrow night?
nice find Miller Brewer has to hit that 4th quarter game 7 gonna be good
you should spray them back. or kill them. whichever works better. or you could shower and be happy...
Practice hope. As hopefulness becomes a habit, you can achieve a permanently happy spirit. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Good morning off to work so tired :/
If in Re to the weather tweet- The Chrome App I use to update G+, Facebook and Twitter all at once was on when I posted that to VW..
i have never liked that woman.
I agree there I learned about that in EDL and kinda worried now D:
Oh dang. Probably not. Have plans tonight. Thanks for the invite though!
what are you doing tomorrow?
thanks for doing your part in correcting bad pronunciation. Maybe nuclear can be your next lesson.
Yes! Good one. Any place that also has fries?
Good luck today Vin! Nice earmuffs, lol.
skool be trippin, im ready to make money now!!
Volbeat/The Damned Things concert tonight!!!!!
Have to admit it was pretty amazing. We need a win to salvage the series.
gorgeous ma gal, get the shoes and you'll look fab!:*
Welcome to Philly glad to have you here.
Try special offers by text message! Text htsd to 84700... show your text to the HT staff at any of our San Diego locations, and redeem!!
Hey, those're my people! Anything exciting come up?
Thanks for the support, Dean!
Thanks for the mention. Have a wonderful weekend!
okay I see ya, and I'll be back home next weekend.
Afternoon everyone who's got big water street plans this weekend??
#Finally getting to lay by the pool with me peeps.
#Terps been T up for a lot less
Great crowd is still growing at Ward 5 town hall meeting. Not too late to come - Community Academy Public Charter at 1400 1st St NW
So I'm up early cuz I had to do sun for my mama n then on top of that I had to wake up bay wit ha Lil over sleeping ass lol
teamed up with many restaurants around Chicago. Looking forward to hearing back from you! Thanks! :)
Tiger Woods is like OJ Simpson, except he didn't even kill anybody.
Totally agree, and I think you were right when you said #HITECH and #ACA are diff, but hard to separate re reform
Why doesn't Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl talking about yourself like you're something special. You're welcome.
trying out twitter for the first time
we here its so boring
My sissy being sick<<<<<
Omfg some dude trynna get at me !!
#TGIFITzee is kicking off... now. Go! See you until 6pm!
We're prepping a lunar new year surprise for you all. Stay tuned!
Who do you look up to besides Geo?
In our fight against income inequality, nothing touches as many NYers as raising min wage. I applaud Assembly & Speaker Silver on vote today
and what is tofu exactly? Veggie? no right?
Francine is doing the final web page tweeks then we'll be ready to go 8-)
Right, I don't have writing skills? Makes sense. And annoying players like you said? I don't even tweet them all
aww hell...well we gotta go to da fair lol
Agreed RT : Don't let print die. Recycle/print. Not everyone can afford kindles, nooks, or iPads. Not everyone has Internet.
fun facts but let's get to GAMaz elections please...
and I are gonna make Assyrian League history. Mike by putting up 50+ points and 30 Rebounds, and me gettin a Tripple Double
Half crying/half giggling over Tebow in NY.
Just interviewed for our debut issue. They are WORLD CLASS LADIES! Really excited about seeing them live tonight!
Goodluck to the homie at #Bamboozle.. Rock that shit.
where have you been?! All day long....twitter is so boring so I'm singing your song!
Oh I see
What's going down twitter people?
have you been to the field museum before?
Thanks for the #FF! LOVE your products! :)
<3 RT if you see this?
Keep it 100, even if you won't benefit from it.
Follow He is awesome!
i hate beenin in my last class of the day..........its so freakin long
It is about that time again up and ready for work got to case my paper..i am on my kfc swag
HAPPY VALENTINES! BOYS TREAT YOUR WOMEN RIGHT!
Welcome to Obama's America, where you can't even get hotdog pizzas and pizza-cheeseburger hybrids… What happened to Freedom?
North Carolina, Maine, and California. All of them treat Gay marriage the same way. Stop blaming the South please.
Reason no 1126 I miss living in the Quarter:the closet bodega to me is the Boot store. #Fail #NOLA I miss the Nelly Deli
he was THAT pissed
Who else is going to the Masquerade tomorrow for the Fearless Friends Tour? :D
Giving up on the Grammy Awards and heading for bed. We have some important coffee people to take care of in the morning! :-)
You're gonna kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
“: Nothing just coolin” oh ok how's my buddy
I'll make sure I'll bring cool stuff junior year lol
watchn wait for Aaliyah special to air she sang with passion with heart wit that conviction her swag
Looks like they could've used him on the U23's...so dissapointing.
Must List – Summer Beauty | Austin Woman Magazine
anyone else ever have trouble deciding what to read? poetry, fiction, history, news, reviews... I just can't keep up!
I'm not being very friendly today and I'm really enjoying it.
chose the instumental to booty dew by for my dance class.. most definetly killing it.
I'm home. Phone plugged in. Can you come up to my place when you get into town?
Yay for Daniel! MT : A piece I did for is mentioned in best #nonfiction of year list, by :
but I swam a straight 1200, yay for me!!!!
The skill of being able to look someone in the eye
So much more could've been done
My ex best friend is such a bitch!
RT : I bet will appreciate the Twitter feature that lets you change user names but keep your followers. >Ha!
yes I am during over here my damn stomach hurts
Began developing and creating content for ILP's new corporate consulting school.
Its A Fun Day When You can dance down the block & see your Bf Tying to do the same Thing<3
RT Surprise! Kindle Touch Won't Let You Use 3G Browsing - on.mash.to/qm25QN
wrapping ur present now
Maria Pallante is clearly signaling that orphan works legislation is a priority of the Copyright Office.
could this room be getting any colder? turn off the fan already...
are we allowed to submit more than one audition per session, also can we submit our videos via youtube as well?
That's exactly right. "Talkback" to me implies focus on the artists "Post-show discussion" implies focus on the play.
What's popping my nigg
says is appealing to people's emotions to drive brand trust & purchase behavior, instead of just stating facts.
say blood
word see yinz later
Just shipped off our third custom order of the week. Love making personalized flipbooks for client's special occasions!
Tonight!! We're watching Madmen. Get in here! Big screen, real sound...
how you figure that lol???
Old lady on the train wearing matching black and white plaid shirt and...wait for it...socks.
Same station, new responsibilities. Seriously need to come see you guys! I don't have any spare livers though :-/
Have played around with audioboo. but not in connection with kidblog. Thx for the suggestion!
Section 8 row A seat 15
I have a pulse... it was much needed. Now it's back to the last beat, last stretch, last month(ish) of undergrad!
I feel your pain, instead I'm having to fill a ton of water balloons and do time out for the millionth time!!
"This person is saying really bad things about you" in my DM's.
That didn't last long...updated my fb!!!!
Knicks over Lakers, a beautiful thing. Maybe this NBA season is turning around.
YES I LOVE the film. Perhaps the only Joel Schumacher film I love so dearly, mostly because of the casting of Phantom ;)
i'm showing love from here in my city Cincinnati
The 2-year Faculty Reception starts at 5:30 in the Missouri Room. We're giving away a free iPad to an attendee!
takes more than that!
#Packers need to start punishing the bears when in the red zone
Boys who dance.<3
I don't hate you. More for me! ;-)
To clean your shower curtain, wash it in the washing machine with about one cup each of vinegar and bleach, some white towels and a...
The new Facebook photo viewer feels like Instagram
you too!!
If you have any halloween candy left at your house...THROW IT AWAY!! Whatever is easily accessible is more likely to get eaten:)
No worries, he put three past me during some ODP comp back before his time with the 17s. So sick.
KinderTown's Educational App Store For Parents Doubles Users, Adds Apps For ... - TechCrunch
Tell me again when you're back? (In case you want to join me for the event I just mentioned: Great photo ops!)
hey btw I know you guys wanted to know - the pup's been adopted by our receptionist's parents! Def a good home. :)
My grandfather passed away last night. Can u pls send me some of ur beautiful words to help lift my spirits?! xoxo
My radio station played WMYB as a club remix and it was pretty awesome...I think I love this radio station...They play WMYB 20 times a day
There are a disproportionate amount of attractive women who work at Chik Fil A in comparison to other fast food restaurants.
I bet I'll fall in love :p lol
In tennis, the scoring term for zero is love!
Happy Mother's Day!! :)
Beck tune? #DoTell RT Guess I'm doin' fine! Brilliant. RT Cheers on the Beck tune!
Whoa. Have you written about such an event? If not, please do so ASAP and publish and send to me.
Love itRT : drinking a Sazerac with my boys Delicious!
3 cents per word was the rate of a copy editor who I chatted with a month or two ago.
Mention that u follow us in twitter and receive a $50 Gift card if you book your holiday party by November 15!
Fixed RT : True leader. Teams will want him till he's 40. RT : "Get off the fu***** floor man! Let's GO!" - David West
such a busy day ahead.....
Has anyone found a solution to avoid severe energy crashes after lunch?
thanks for finding interesting.
ah im excited!! haha ive wanted to do this for a while!! and when dvd comes out we can watch it together:)
Ohh hahahahah! & hell yeah :) with your webcam :)
im emailing u now
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interestedbut know someone who is?We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
powering through this study sesh with some old school
dude they're incredible
Follow to get more followers
does think she can push me around like that? , can you believe this behavior?
The Militant wonders how much more business the La Cienega/Rodeo Target raked in today.
Just made a rocket fuel tank on inventor, feeling pretty awesome!!!
Eek! You're up early.
By far one of the best nights ever.
Sounds like more information on the NBC hubub is forthcoming. Some shows get 13 ep extensions. That was scary. :)
#cara student Edmond B. secured a position as a cook! 62 of 310!!!
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
what'd they say about the famous Colt Brennan hit?
she didn't send it to Adam directly she just tweeted it to the universe but still it was awful to quote hitler like that
yo what kinda dorm did you pick for GT?
ya ... for now...we will always update on here & FB... I ain't madatchya.....talk soon ma man
Im fina check it now..I hungry 4 so clean beats bruh bruh
Care coordination is essential but incredibly difficult to achieve via
Isn't there any way to test this without publishing a tweet?
I need a new wallet. This one has run its course. My cards are falling everywhere.
you should not operate without AC! Dear lord it is unbearable.
RT : Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So, love the people who treat you right and...
I think the song that best represents that idea: Katie Perry's "I Kissed A Girl". Yep
Thanks brother, appreciate that.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/17/2012
It's a Monday night. You know what that means... #TheVoice finals! Ohh yes!!
thanks grace that sounds right you're the best!
Soul music gig tonight with great Terron Brooks, Johnathan Flaugher, and James Gadson! No cover, Casa del Mar in Santa Monica, 7-11.
One more week until our concert at Smith College and the premiere of Donald Wheelock's String Quartet No. 5.
You're all encouraged to text me any weekday between 9 and 3 and remind me to mail back Netflix discs.
Big day on PokerStars planned....I'm gonna play thousands of hands!
So... am I gonna have to update Facebook, Twitter & Google + now?
ya ill try
Only about a dozen of the 600+ items sold in the Ted Williams auction have not sold. Letter from Bob Feller only brought $2990. Bargain.
Contemplating an auto-retweet alley-oop to regarding the #allnighter/being a senior/the sunrise/etc. Could happen.
Thanks for the follow!
I've been having the same problem. I picked allergy based on the additional symptom of itchy eyes. Thank god for
Finally decided to try this twitter thing out
Here's today's #HumanTrafficking fact: 12.5 million people are enslaved worldwide, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
I just can't wait to never have to see any of you again.
what time is everyone heading there?
good seeing you this weekend boo :)
look who it is
It's as much of a lock as the Pistons not making the playoffs hahaha jk
Girl I need your photos from bell.. I have u up for an editorial shooting in NYC in 2 weeks..Need ASAP!!!
#Miami is rattled. They can't handle the #Chicago defense right now.
If I could forget 8th grade that would be swell
Thank you! Wish you were here..next one :)
PB and Jay wishes Jackson Wetherbee a happy B-Day!
I just stumbled into your path. This is really interesting. Where can I purchase published copies about the declaration signers?
It defies comprehension.
I've been meaning to ask that haha
you made our blog post. Goes live tomorrow.
Follow Me Please did not and it is very sad :D
Youre reductive to think you love me more
About to make dinner for tonight. Hamburger Helper! For realz. Hubby is easy to please! =]
Social Commerce ? I'm so interested in that one :)
Tonya from GNG is at the annual NYSCATE educational technology conference in Rochester. Hope to connect with NYS educators!
Was wondering why nobody has invented the toilet bowl that cleans itself?
Movies or just stuff?
thanks for the follow. Much love. Hope you had a chance to download our single wild style.
but boobs are fun!
Not an ordinary party tonight !Better get there early because u are gonna find a big line
Your work rocks! Great to meet you!
Showed up for practice with a Meow Meow kitty t-shirt
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small compared to what lies within us --Ralph Waldo Emerson
hey what's good? How long r you here for?
Number 1 rule: Stay True
This nigga Derrick Rose stay injured.
Once got pulled over for speeding/singing "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" on the way to Fredonia in a Plymouth Gran Fury
I see where u get it from
95 southbound. Funyuns and Orange Fanta. Life is sweet.
Oh wow, I am already thinking of the mod crime noir to match this! :D
your are so welcome :-)
#Cancer MB guy of the day: Princeton
I'm through with letting your shit get to me. Ignoring you is much easier anyhow.
follow back ...
Does anyone wanna co own this account ? I honestly hardly go on and I need someone to keep the account running
perhaps we were in the same traffic jam. Sheesh, that was a cosmic bust of a night. Happy belated birthday, Sean!
Thank you!!! :) ": “: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!” Congrats!"
Major debates exist regarding whether Hegel himself was religious. He certainly draws on religious sources.
Two more days to check out the April show in Gallery 924. We are open until 6 tonight!
concussions, he had mental problems because of it
Don't really know what to say at this point ....
I HATE shopping with my f'n mother.
All great ones! RT : fatality by ladi dadi by & language by
QB controversy? Jacob Russell scores TD. Russell running, Smith throwing. ...
Always something ;)
#cartoonists: We need a pen and ink #drawing of #MittRomney in high school beating up a kid, smaller and weaker than he was, and laughing.
Thanks sweets... juststarting to tweet away...
congratulations!! Truly the best kind of boring news.
til the end of third
worry about yo self and no one else
schools have you played against. You are Syracuse. You are better that St. John's and 80% of the BE. Challenge your team!
I'm fine. Just been crazy busy!
Ok if this pregnancy poont discussion doesn't end in 5 minutes an unfollow is definitely in order.
re: SAKS & Retail, just read Retail Strategy for Downtown PDX-Its WEAK! Call us re: Retail Ombudsman/Permit FastTrack ideas.
49ers don't have enough cap room to sign Manning. This is a giant ploy to sign A.Smith for less $$$ then he thinks he deserves.
Shoutout to the bitch who got pushed out of gucci car
Do you get a lot of web traffic from landlords? Would you be interested in advertising our product in exchange for a revenue share?
Agreed. Also post-its. Always find a reason to use the colors to mean something
You can also review our personal security video/photo surveillance application, perfect for college students.
Our eyes are a window into the soul
When I saw that Raffi Torres was suspended for 25 games, I seriously couldn't stop laughing.
I use to laugh at Gucci Mane but now I expect him to come and save songs when he features on them.
Anyone selling or know someone selling their iPhone 4 on AT&T? #fb hit me up!
AAAHHH!! JUSTIN RT'D YOU!!!! OMG IM SO EXCITED FOR YOU!! CONGRATS LOVE!!! YOU TOTALLY DESERVE IT!! :'D
can't wait to see you all and the fellow winners 2morrow nite ;)
Today is the 26th Anniversary of Live Aid, the question remains, "What are you doing to make Earth a better place to live?"
love! am I missing an option to subscribe via rss?
come to northstarr !"
check that <<<<< hourly my comment after helped you realize. Take it as sarcasm haha
He might have his old job back come Sunday morning...
cause.........ur my brother y wouldnt i know ur b-day?????
May These Noises Startle You In Your Sleep Tonight
Like our Youth Ambassadors of MOMIE'S TLC page!! Check out the world premier of "Makin Rain Barrels"!!!
For my friends without Showtime, someone sent me a youtube link. I posted it on my wall. WARNING: Bad, bad words....
This medicine has me shaking so bad
i legit have a crush on you
there's your web gem.
Fine tuning this reliance on emotional reaction and creating a new reality in the moment is what professional Meisner acting classes are...
i just dropped my car off to get the interior detailed. woo-hoo. i luv a clean car.
Read the DOMUS article I just retweet about the Pritzker Prize. Now the selection makes sense.
- Going with the Asics Gel-DS Racer 9. I'll give them a try, if they don't work well for me I'll shop around for another.
"acting means to act and that's what an actor has to do" -yes my professor really said this
LOL! Don't believe it! RT Met & she tried 2 push me 2 my death. Said it was a 'boo-boo of the shove muscle.
I'm bored. Shoulda gone out.
who styled her?
you and the crew need another video like Call Me Maybe :) follow me? <3
And so very bored
#SexisBettetWhen she mad at u and u just fuck thr anger right outta her
Wait, I was leaving .. y'all keep pulling me back in :)
Celebrity Sex Tape is finally out...check out some screenshots from the shoot, the movie, and post shoot!
Thanks for the shout out, we're happy to help! RT Thanks for your great customer service today!
This is The Night wherein I am lost, the Love through which I am no longer I.
I know if I was in your situation I'd just want my soul that goes into a place that has no such thing as debt
Really? For how long? :/ I'll try and play doctor lol
i had the SAME.hair color as you and i just died it a little darker:) youll love it :D doo itt<3
thanks, we had a great time!
ooh! the weather tease was just 'changing numbers for snow totals...' that sounds great!!
hungry too
7 year old?
Sending thoughts your way. It is good to remenber.
I wish last night could last forever.
if i had a dollar 4 everytime i heard "I LOVE U" i'd be broke,if i had a dollar for everytime i said "i love u" i'd be a millionaire!
Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis to shoot 'Southern Rivals' in New Orleans - NOLA.com
oh dayummmm look who made a twitter =) lmfaooo
Sources: UCLA set to fire head coach Rick Neuheisel; Searching for successor
Follow for laughs only: He is a colleague after all. Well, maybe not.
Please explain the reason for team pretty ladies? RT : I'm loyal to those who deserve it ...
Monday - Hot! Tuesday - Hot! Weds - Hot! Thursday - Hot! Friday - Hot! Forecast for the week... lots and lots of cold beer!
Let me know what color to order...lol
Tune into the show right now for all of your NBA playoffs talk! from #NBAdotcom will join the show at 1130.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
There is truly something wrong with my professor.
you dont even need to workout....
Cleveland #GirlsLoveWhen I DJ.
Another Film Shoot this weekend for 'Damaged Goods'. Will post some pics!!
just for the record, I was summarising Stuart Drummond, not advocating imposition ;)
Thanks, David! I'm such a sucker for driving/stopping taking pictures. :)
What you do for yourself makes you successful. What you do for others makes you Significant!
Happy birthday Are you 3 hours younger in #seattle?
interact with the game targets and get them to interact back with you.
Enjoying the taste of some amazing Italian wines , the 08 Scarpone us my fave so far!
I'm Serious, I Dnt Know What To Talk Bout :D
Home wishing I was still with Becca. We needed more time. Today was an amazing day spent with my best friend Becca
Too old to be out till 4:ooam
ha you better be ready! I can't have you leaving the car in the drive thru again <U+263A>
Aww thank you!
I would die of happiness haha RT : wow if and come to the , I will be SO freakin happy :)
Apparently Siri has decided the #Lumia900 is the best smartphone available! LOL!!
Damn do I have to go to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Going well. It feels different than other Atwoods bc it's in the first person, but it works.
David Freese made a BIG impact today. His fans have good reason to look up to him.
Say What?
If you could make him appear, I would be in your debt. I always pay my debts.
You inspire me #doveinspired #mom2summit for your fashion and your flan !
Eagerly searching for these mint green 10's
Playing darts and drinking 50 cent beer.
You have to put up with me more often!!! RT : thanks for putting up with me! lol
yep, I'm still in.
omg i just got the best newS
niggq shut up
Congrats!! RT WE ARE MOVING!!!! Behold 6,000 sq ft. of bag making paradise!!!
RT I think that I am out of Twitter jail #ttw12 - welcome back!
thats true, i didnt even have to buy a membership, i use my brothers :D
We want to add a 5th person to the band we need a lead guitar player, anyone know anybody good?
- Are Bibles "stolen" from hotels? The Giddeon society (not hotel) puts it there. Printed inside is, "take this with you."
I love yo ass
Is "#fella" always gendered male? What about fellows? What about "My Fellow Americans"?
oh well....hey, at least its fo' free! ;)
Women be noticin'. Can't stop a woman from noticin'
I think you are a fabulous. Thanks for being the first trial in this!
REIFIER: A film by , produced by , Starring and
Cross your fingers. :]
“It’s all for a ring that’s too big to wear and a trophy you can’t keep.”
I don't hear thunder! My house MUST be sound proof. Just kidding guys, I'm not THAT stupid.
Thanks for the recommendation! hope to see you soon!
Omg my nephew is 6.4" only 15 with dimples!!. Women kee your filfthy hands off my baby! Arghhhhh
within the next 5 years.
hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy... BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!! SO CALL ME MAYBE?!
If you don't already, I urge you to follow , one of the hottest NYC designers of women's wear, men's wear, & bridal!
Those are indeed the ones to pay attention to. More on that in class.
She's here! () At the entrance. Can't wait to see you girls!
It's finally starting to cool down & get breezy outside
Judging by my TL, most of you need to get laid.
RT : a bat's thoughts are inaccessible to me; my OWN experience is inaccessible to me
Oh, it's not you. But I've got piles of notes for you. I need to write the overview. It's going to be a terrific book.
Nice meeting you too, let's keep in touch!
Ok now playing MW3 on Wii
We use tweets 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Your all I want! your all I need! your everything!
Don't forget to listen to that Rick Rozzay on the way to work.
Doing fieldwork these past few months has made me feel alive again. It also reminds me why I love what I do.
aye, i like your retweet ;)
Thx & Many Happy New Year tidings to you!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 6 6
#dhtrial. Jurors trickling back in...
i followed you!
Im so stupid... why do i do it?.. cause i hope to much.. i give up. Staying the way i am
it's going well! Super crowded! No its not showing cause it came out in theaters already
ah man i dont want to remember a thing yesterday. what a day it was to remember though. started out bad ass till the night then things went
Everybody go follow
that's hilarious
imma goofy person! Thank you alexx:)
Here comes your Drama Teaher kids aw. I missed you guys. Love, Mz Renee'
Oh, now that's cool.
Shout out to ! Everyone go follow her!! :)
Hey everyone look at my website!! topnotchescorts.net
or want someone to take theirs off...;)
kirk+cousins
Lakers take the win!
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles. We accept any year, make and...
Just bought a ton of clothes at Hollister! Why do I do this to myself? /:
enjoyed seeing Dan Covey's beautiful lighting of John Legend tonight.test ifttt
Any word on the TBS video release date?
What do say about a king who built an empire, but killed 10 million people?
I'm tired af but whatever I can sleep when I die #YOLO lol
Back to our devs again!
i'm going crazy without tumblr D;
Really debating on walkin outta class
I called 742-DINE, but the 53704 zip was outside of their radius. RT : shall I overnight you some Lanna Thai?
The very funny is on with in 10 minutes.
Yay, I'm on my way to the doctor's.
#Brewers game tonight! As Bob Uecker says, "Spring hopes attorney." In other words, time wounds all heels. Gallardo pitching. Go Yo!
Flight delayed stuck at dfw
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture."
Whish I was out plowing making real money .... Not sitting at the Nike store "/
shu han, i think that someone has hacked your account...
Well, to be fair, of all the common ailments that's probably the one you really really don't want to try and play through. q:
Got to see Manon by Massenet at the Vienna Opera House :-)
follow back miss
What beats a funny picture?
So i wish the guy i like liked me back hahah
1690 AM Gary and Nick are keeping their pudgy lil fingers on the pulse of Montreal team & combat sports.
ENTERTAINMENT: you need to see these lil' girls
Is there anyone I can talk to?
Denemon Junmai Ginjo #Sake. Floral, balanced, smooth, slightly sweet. Melon, tropical fruits, good acidity. 91 pts
10 Facebook tips: 1.No one like a shitty troll
My baby andrew makes me happy with his pink ass ! <3
lol u got her ass den
Have to get up at 5am tomorrow morning :/ so not looking forward to this 4 hour drive
Mark your calendars! Winefest 2012 has been set for March 31 from 3-6 p.m. It's Europe vs. Americas (North/South). Who's excited?
this one is new. :) I was following so many people on the other one, I never read through my newsfeed, so I started fresh.
Thank you!
It<U+FFFD>s never a good idea to adopt a #dog that doesn't "feel right"
Sunny skies and low 80's! We couldn't ask for a better day.
Thank you for coming out! Last night was a blast! :)
has locked himself in his basement office and won't come out until he has a HotCloud submission
Laying out is not the same without and
But yet, we kind of want to call her.. and ask random dirty questions.
love this
Reliving my adolescence with THE PROMISE RING!!!
awww still have to wait one week POO!!
Hot as hell out bbq weather! Rooftop nyc party weather!
16 hahahah :))) I like your eyes :)
tuns out and I are both in Miami - and we were on the same flight! How random?!
whops that should be into third
Excellent! Keep in touch with us on your blog. Loved the post and would love to see more!
TCM salutes Cincy native Doris Day
da beets is easy, grate 'em, saute 'em in evoo. add slivered almonds, white wine vinegar, salt and dill to taste.
When ur in a hotel room and have a bed next to your dads bed but he is snoring too loud so you sleep in the bathroom.
If the head right Cory there everynight.....
Thanks... same to you too!
poo ass rain...
Just got done with a crazy game of lazer tag
Hi Amanda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I am gonna try to get my number up to 25 in the # of concerts I have been to by the end of summer ;)
i bet you cant guess who this is?:) just believe… or belieb;)
How does the death of Amy Winehouse send a message? Most rehabbed "sober" folks need real life anchors and tools to detect abuse
4 Reasons Pinterest Wins with Women (And Facebook Loses) via
My nephew is forcing me to play video games:(
RIP steve jobs, thanks for all your ithings - they rock! way to leave a legacy
I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership
"S/he would rather cook than wash bottles, but s/he does not want to eat or drink from dirty plates or glasses." [+]
Putchya hands up for #boston ! Represent.
I know you know somebody that raps, tell them we film professional music videos. Let us make you a star!
So sad to hear the news on Levon Helm. Truly one of music's giants. Thoughts go out to Levon and his friends/family.
Actually kind of looking forward to tomorrow even though It's a Monday! Goodnight my beautiful followers! <3
UGH, why do I only own The Princess Diaries on VHS instead of DVD? A real tragedy.
Can you chat on Twitter?
It truly is! <U+270C>
yeah. at the ch933 studio, he came out and met fans. just stick around for a while :) it cud happen.
Anyone know when the usa Basketball camp is?
Thks for mentioning Ann Rhoades #hrflsummit stay in touch
Great show right?!
happy new year to all!
Keep Tweeting me your #BEST #MAKEUP looks! #Big #Prize for winner coming at the end of this month! Be #Creative & #FUN!
Get off this digital short, Justin Bieber. You're ruining it.
Ener1 bankruptcy was long inevitable, and I suspect Obama knew it was coming this week, hence warning that "companies will fail" in SOTU
excellent! Bourbon reunion!
hey! Keep it down in there! I can hear you watching hot shots II and touching yourself.
Lol does she hacked your twitter?
Give it up for the ladies! With their 12-game winning streak, #UM has nothing to fear.
Which Movie Star Got Strangled By Her Dress? This redhead loves Lanvin, but his designs don 't always love her back. Case in point: The b
Final 4... LET'S GO BUCKS!!!
thank you!
Checking out Rogers Forge apts this weekend-any good words on that complex?
Having a meal at Go Raw Cafe... Consuming raw and organic products makes me feel great :)
you can say that again but tomorrow is not only Friday but a new day! End on a high note Kelsey!
We'd love to get you involved in our 'Noche de Estrellas' event at the Organization of American States this April. Gracias!
Congrats! You'll really enjoy it. We need all the talented developers on board. Let me know if I can help.
What college do you think I have a good shot at getting into?
so proud of my baby girl! You did AWESOME!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Freakin bella and the baby woke me up...-_-
RT : #check 's upcoming concerts there are a lot of good artist coming in the next few months dont sleep
Why is Aaron Hill not on third base right now? Had more than plenty of time to get there. Could've walked from second to third and made it
Thanks, Marilyn! You, too! Sad that it's winter again? Kind of. How about lunch this summer when school's out?
I wanna party in the dancin mood
Good morning again, Crown Point. And to think that I thought that Chicago was the Windy City.
Two brothers get lost in the woods and come across a hermit living in a cave, who's building a bomb.
We're meeting Sexy Axe Girls!, Our Host Niqui Love and our Advertising Company 2nite.
Congrats to my sister Lauren who graduates from today!
Zulu Rolling...why won't you give me a coconut.
Miss America 2012 ok miss Oklahoma
Bye bye Green Bay!!!!!!
Photographing manuscripts on ugly blue that's the inverse of the average color, to aid computer processing. Clever!
hey hun I received your voice. No worries just hit me up when your ready. You know ill make time for you =)
Finally seeing the Karp documentary tonight!
Crashing from the high.
I will be there!
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout, & excited for the day to come!
oh man that's great! I was starting to think about that. Thank you!
Had the Subway pizza sub. Wasn't that great. Too much sauce erreywhere.
MY BROTHER COMES HOME TOMORROW!!!! YAYAYAYAY
You can justify stealing bread if you are hungry. I doubt you can justify stealing content because you are bored or impatient.
Take all you stolen wealth money and shove it up ur arse.
i want to full moon fuck you
So who do you guess think will win senior tag? Team pussies in swim suits?
Looks like the show tonight has been cancelled. Sorry, everyone. We're working on a make-up date, so hang tight!
We finish 1-1-1 in the NFL on Sunday as the Dolphins win, Falcons push, and Cowboys win but don't cover.
Come out to the L.A. Artwalk today!
Post and Kells at 1900 Post Alley
Get your hurricane books today - I'm closing for a brief vacation until Thursday!
Why do girls come to casting calls with wigs on like its not noticeably fake
"We're an enthusiastic bunch. We recently won "Best Team Spirit" at a Curling Bonspeil...!" They do interactive!
11:33 pm is a bad time to have homework to do. good thing it's 11:35
are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???
Bizarre Food Museums
Trolololololol. Karma sure is a bitch. Especially when I hold the cards :)
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 13
Good job saints!!!
lmao yes, bi-weekly living haha...granted we would have had to move to Utah but whatever...I would have done it ;)
The awkward moment when you go in the shower with your socks on..
Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -fm
you should be at right now
"The genesis of this idea is Vera Katz's. This is a tribute to her.
we're working on it
I wanna do the go cart race! Hook a brother up.
Omg thank god (:
I am feeling a huge 2nd half for Chase Tapley to bring back #SDSU Let's
How fun! It is so important to create the Healthy Habit at such a young age!
I wrote a short film a while back. Today, a rad team is being pulled together to make it come to life. So pumped!
Live music tonight at six.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area. Use caution in this area.
My neighborhood smells of bbq and cheap tequila.
Kaleidoscope is this Thursday & Friday, Showcase nxt Monday, Dance Recital is in 4weeks & I leave for NY in 6weeks ! *yikes*
Thanks for including me Jen!
Check out I WANNA GO @ Aaron Davis on my fan page on FACEBOOK Thank you.
When justice is blind it is justice but when Justice have eyes to see, it becomes injustice. Injustice is the opposite of justice.
I swear, this is the week I will FINALLY get to a game.
happy 18th birthday!!!!...wishes on ya special day have more fun than usual'n party like never before
Music is music, life is life, just live and let nature take controll of the Manifestation..
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mother!<U+2665>
Creative toppings give the humble pancake some panache
Hope does us proud!
A time of reinvention for brands and reconnecting with your audience
I know. He definitely carried himself like a professional. Did you enjoy the show?
Did you get it?
Steven Spielberg is on the smash set filming on 44th st between 5/6 aves. Katherine McPhee there too
Lets try drinking again pt. 2.
Thanks for having on your show this morning. It was fun! Was nice to meet you all.
sure,what time.I take off Mondays but I am usually there for a few minutes. I will schedule to be there when you are there.
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
Come on Chavy!
"All my possessions for a moment of time."-Elizabeth I
I GOT IT
- learn fake sleeping or find some good hiding spots. C'mon man get creative!
Tom. Tell that when y'all come to Texas it will be my 18th bday
I've heard like 10 times already, ah. I LOVE it.
I have a crew set up: Old Dirty Dogs Inc.
do you think he would be creeped out if I told him the things I want to do with him?
I don't like the model of free and paid users. Dropbox does them very separately.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
Ready for a tour!
Great start to the day, not to try to finish #TheScrewtapeLetters before book club
hey me
but you shouldn't cause no one else does
LA go upset OKC
I HAVE NO PATIENCE...
I'm so sorry to hear... *prayers on the way*
good morning and happy Sunday
#jobs #job #ruby #rails Oregon or Washington based RoR developer wanted. Work for our client remotely, info @
we're cute:) aha
Chelsea Clark is pregnant.
I'm seeing it. So is this a small town? How big is it compared to Canterbury?
We'll warm up the Guerilla combos!
I wish would live tweet during the Spurs FA Cup semi...provide me some English insight...
I know! It's so obvious thy their team is getting pissed that we are doing so well!
I don't see why Austin ppl get upset & drive recklessly during rush hr. When there's not traffic, which is a rarity, you all go abt 30 mph.
awesome! Can't wait to get it.
Reminder-no classes tonight. "Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." MLK Jr.
Thanks to for making our #rde12 a tight ship
As I wander through this world of darkness, I am comforted by your love lighting up my way.
Naw, he's just a superior specimen of man.
fa·tal·ism (ftl-zm) n. 1. The doctrine that all events are predetermined by fate and are therefore unalterable. fatal·istic adj.
try adding raw chopped almonds
I'm never leaving you again Twitter
follow me love you !!! <3
Is it? I suppose it CAN be. Did you know I was gay before I told you?
didn't realize I was an advocate of the Oxford comma until I read your twitbio and looked it up!
Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset.
only 6 miles from my condo to my office...just trying not to get this one stolen (have bad luck with bikes)
Denying things that are obvious is disingenuous. Bo was obviously being pilloried before he talked to Mike & Mike.
what's up...how u been?
If the protesters on Wall Street want to change the world the should NacNak! We are creating jobs in every community.
we can trade life's lol
I don't like pineapple, but I love the hit USA show #psych!
One Direction is on Kiis FM! #OhDear <U+E056><U+E328><U+E32A><U+E32B><U+E32C>
Now sucked into a long phone call.
“: thanks sir!” anytime keep doing your thing man
Thank god for tissues.
Good. One can never get better than what they are if they stop growing and learning.
I wish I could be the lucky one.
Occasional loathing of gluten-free life silly in contrast to discomfort I feel due to 1 [delish!] brownie honoring the birth of
I understand. Sometimes they won't do that unless theres been a delivery attempt
#FF follow these guys and keep up with them! Big things coming up for them!
driving test!
Thanks for the follow!
Looks great!
We shall kill the festival!
Many skin problems can be solved without expensive treatments and medication.
is very frustrated with Linked In problems !!!
Interesting question of the potential for place helping students think critically. We have the same challenges in the K-12 ed sys.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: OCR=office of civil rights
:Like&agree w Alice&rbbt hole.What does"tall"for my generation mean?
Your L. Scott jersey is in the mail. Wear it proudly! I can't stand the guy! Horrible signing!
Thanks! It's one of those posts that I write and don't want to let go. Wanted to keep on tweaking, editing, but had 2 let go.
The picks are flying by Mel barley has enough time to talk about the previous pick.
Finals are yucky
And then the reporters beat him silly. MT : Jon Kyl tells reporters he expects to be working through the weekend
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." - William James
i hate long winded people
it shouldnt b that much though u can stay like 3 days
the world "dump" gets to me
Unfortunately today a House sbcmte defeated a bill that would have created a bipartisan redistricting commission-Virginians deserve better!
I'm currently buying up all the blue rock candy, smashing it, and pouring it into little bags for Halloween
Hello vodka. I've missed you.
Very nice socks!
Even though my phone hasn't had service, today I bought a yoga mat, vitamins, and a book. Still pretty good and productive :)
I KNOW. HE WAS HATING ON DILDOS THOUGH LOLOLOLOL OMG WHY CRYING
I'm going with alot
I LOVE JARED LETO!!!!
David Rapoport enjoyed attending the Economic Club of Chicago dinner last night. Met some new and interesting people, and appreciated the w…
Good to see the practicing their ABTs
Interested in dental practice administration? has opportunities in 19 states and counting! Learn more at the #big10expo!
Come on KU!
yup last time to go crazy until next year
Titanic 3D anyone? Oops did I say that out loud
This pizza/beer joint is playing delilah's radio show over the speakers. And someone just requested that stupid hey there Delilah song.
Getting things done is not just about task management
I hate when my parents try to talk to me when I have my earphones in. They're in for a reason.
Limitations are for when you are at arm's length with the author. Not when you have a contract of any kind (Publishers & Open Access)
sorry just saw this... www.sonicbids.com/marshalltitus :)
lol yes I do. Welcome to mcrados dawg can I take ya order We don't talk on fones nigga cause they might record us
RT had my music on in my room pretty loud, Rawwrr - BMTH came on, and that wonam like half way through screamed my hou...
Firm Solutions is seeking experienced legal professionals for direct-hire. Submit resumes to
You can't afford to book #rockstarteacher, but I have the contact info for some very good cover-teachers.
BITCHES TALK HELLA SHIT ON THE INTERNET!! NOW WHEN I SEE YOUR REAL WEAK ASS IN THE STREETS YOU TURN THE OTHA WAY!
hahah always ready for a celebration - for any reason ;)
Liking the food selection at Rock The Green.
Your very welcome!
That KFC commercial is racist!!
WHY are you in Rochester oh wonderous wienermobile?!
Agreed. Currently in 6 person combined Soc/Anth dept. (3+3). We all recognize the import of civility during disagreements
As a single parent my mama took us w/ her to the track for her workouts. I wanted to be like her so I'd run too.
Your questions answered with John Rose from Innovative Interface happening now in the Networking Lounge!
I'm the chairman Mao of my own twitterverse
Still have a few tickets left for our new years show at the whisky. Contact us here or at our fb page for info.
First Coffee at home in 21 days. Loved seeing friends & family & ...er... " " & #spacetweeps Home is good though.
I do NOT want to be here... Hmph
SWAG= Spurs Win Another Game! take 3-0 lead over Utah!
Someone text me on this long early bus ride to Paris Texas.
Im really kind of glad I didn't got to college. Really.
And baby two can play the game <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown for new content!
Im having a good weekend do far
I think they want me dead.
THE GOOGLE SEDUCED ME!!
Me and are mw4m. Under 18 and Latino preferred. Serious replies only!!
Couch is feeling lovely
Yes I thought so too! The auditions were @ South Coast Rep, but it’s being put up @ the Playhouse - good for me - less drive!
lmfaooo F U C K youu too
Im thankful for the people in my past, Im doing great without them now.
Lolzz thank u :)) & urs is dope
Military war vet says she wants no part of nasty, cold snow liveshot.
Wana do sumdan special fa my mama fa her bday
Man...Bored...Bored...Bored....Iz all i can say
THERE ALL THE TIME!
Excellent question...RT : Are" Best Practices" and "Innovation" opposite??
I LOVE your song Dr.Bieber #swagg RT
diylibrarian: Found some of my #sla2009 notes. Unfortunately, not the ones I really wanted from the Open Access session.
:( RT : That's cool :D RT : This is what comes in the ticket package! Sick!!!
Everyone is beautiful in someones eyes (: #Retweet if YOU are beautiful<3 THAT MEANS EVERYONE
Ru Yi in Potowotami. "As one wishes."
so that all of your shadow will stay true to color. Mac paint pots are amazing!! Try "painterly"or"soft ochre" for everyday.:)
A short work week just means cramming 5 days of work into 4
Impressive weave of alanis morrissette into a tweet about player values. Has this ever been done before?
#NBA in the 9:00 minute on the clock holding pattern at
MDX and FDOT want to put tolls everywhere. It's Tolls Madness!
jasmine ellis was here :)
Email and I will be glad to arrange it :) I enjoy speaking to the American people
thank you and for your feedback on yesterdays event. we have great ambassadors sharing experiences
You gotta realize, alot of the times when i talk, and i'm talking extremely cocky, I'm not talking about myself, i'm talking about the work.
sometimes that just sounds sleazy actually
Also, your heart between my teeth sounds splendid! Jolly good Bio! :)
yea i will XD
it's awesome!!
uh who cares?
Am I watching ESPN Desportes?
so excited I had to become *convo intruder*
The Independent Designer Pop Shop is back through Nov 27th, just in time to get a jump on your holiday shopping!
We have your shirt ready for you today!
you mean Santa isn't real?!?!
$AAPL stock market is still alive for now. Market hiding stealth hits. And Greece, sell the news. Time to roll out more short lines.
as a former LongIslander thanks you for the follow.
Great to have my sister visiting from CT!
oh definitely. I just ate lunch, but now I want second lunch. I forsee sammiches for dinner!
If keeps changing his icon my ovaries will explode!!
People keep on saying mean things to me like: "sir, would you please put some pants on?" Mean and hurtful and there is no call for it
How hard is it to respond to a text?
Need to check metrics as often as you can says
have you ever seen.... The man from the snowy river??
Buyers of Facebook are stupid ... over priced ... over hyped ... no earnings model evident
RT : finally watched 's first Feversode. it was hilarious i was laughing the whole time. >THANK YOU lol!!!:)
Getting up to take the SAT's <<<<<<<
I never ever let the microwave countdown get to 1. That's just weird.
is already playing now (jfb-ed)
where much is given... much is required...
So mad
That's what 40 feels like.
Speaking at Harvard on Friday
I need to get tattooed!
Awesome dinner at with the hubby, , and ! Thanks guys! xoxoxo
I literally had just sat down to begin when I typed the tweet. I should be finished with it today.
yea ya know, typical morning...make coffee, save animals
I fixed it! Jeez!
We are getting closer to the websites grand opening!
Finally made it to a #Brewers game! ...think there are more #Cubs fans here.
Oh gosh I'm gonna miss you like crazy!!! I love you!
Can't decide what I'd hate more; freezing in a bar line the day before Thanksgiving, or freezing in a black Friday line the day after.
working keeps you out of trouble lol. I'm still in Eastie and working for the city. I know its been years
Bo is guilty of excessive restrictions. But he believes that was his only recourse to get some face-to-face answers.
This week is full of rehearsals, back to back meetings and a lot of driving.
why bring in the wood to the forest?
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." ~Norman Vincent Peale
Bono Doesn't Disagree Old 'Spider-Man' Was One of the 'Worst Musicals Ever'
Thank you, didn't think so. Wow! RT : NEVER HAVE 2 SEEDS GONE DOWN TO 15 SAME TOURNEY
Cooking underground cosmetics? I'd be all over that, even though I'm a humanities major.
Finally going to bed
I'll definitely visit Chowking and Jollibee when I'm there. Craving for some effing halo-halo. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Love Michael Cain's latest "Solo" . "Prayer" is evocatively reverential, but what's up with the ending to "Last Waltz"?
He said "fuck the price on the tag, just throw it in the bag" Okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Google+ is getting better every day, functionality and design-wise...but do YOU think it'll be adopted more? Or is it too little, too late?
Listening to Marilyn Schoeman talking about GO Green Light Way!
Since its follow Friday, you should follow me. I have a question for ya also. When's your new CD coming out?
thank God my brother didnt go to work this morning
Harry Reid, gotta love 'em :-/
Hello world!
we'll be happy to see you!!!
Yep, it's a Monday.
Cross the line your face will get played like handball..
First Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall was great!
Lookin fwd to the next few weeks :-)
Border Patrol finds meth hidden in car - Sacramento Bee
Currently organizing a #SIGIS breakfast Friday morning at 6:30 @ #NAISAC12 contact if you can make it. More to come.
Hey everyone! This is now the place where we will be tweeting transition news and updates. #newseattle ^ap
How is it off-topic? They've been discussing both search and social this whole time and how it impacts people.
need to download kik so we could talk all day long!!
Happy Halloween! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0083>
Some asshole driver just sped through a puddle and now i'm completely drenched.
LOL! I am so keeping that in mind. Favorite venue? (That's the stage we're at)
Blessings! Hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
thank you, doll for the shout out. You are always such a sweetheart. Have an awesome day, lovely lady.
Morning #kettlebells Afternoon circuit training and Evening cardio.
Being radmod more like half-caf. Decaf espresso would wantonly violate laws of the universe....
Good webinar. I teach grad class-Univ Denver on Strategic WFP. Interested in reviewing Dow case w/them in spring. Your thoughts?
Working hard can beat talent but if your talented and you work hard you can't be beat. - RG3
want to do one of workshops!
#YEE going outside for gym<3(:
ugh lucky. I would do the same.
Nothing just have my eyes on something bigger :)
Great to hear that! We've seen a nice uptick lately on all fronts. Please let us know how we can improve it for you
Please tell me you tweet that because you love that song. Its not Party In the USA, but amazing nonetheless. :-)
calmdown&buy a stuffed animal. I got 3. They cuddle w/ you&when you don't want to deal with them you can toss them under the bed.
Needs warm weather... Missing Florida.
Looking forward to going to Houstion this week for family reunion !
damn that's a fine ass.
Orlando vs Steak - THE CHALLENGE 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad.
Shredded cheese on everything. Preferably Mild Cheddar. Sometimes Mexican style when feeling colorful.
hop out bed.... stretch... look in mirror... wassup world!
that sounds much more frightening.
Guys we need more sample scripts! Send us some scripts to
Way to go Train! Congrats!
40 wazillion people on mobile + RE agents doing video on YouTube = crappy user experience. HOST YOUR OWN VIDEOS.
colt 45 billboards on every corner... works every time
Of course havin an with my #lunch !!!!
can't wait to take you live on my air for breaking big apple news! seriously, SO excited for you.
total clowns homie
I just set up my FB timeline last night and I did notice that it sort of resembles pinterest. Interesting.
because we are friends and it has been months since I made a creepy comment. That was some restraint.
Things are good. I am trying to get a balance and include tweeting. And you?
Watched the tv movie: Norma Jean & Marilyn (1996). Ashley Judd and Mira Sorvino gave amazing performances and both had nice racks
lol too much money!!
ready for me3 go shoot some spacers up
Thank you wpd for messing up the transformer outside my house.. its now the only one with out power..
What a great organization!
Im a Laker fan, but Metta World Peace is got to be the stupidest fuckin name I've ever heard, show some respect to your parents asshole
you guys watchin' the skins? what's happening?? we look like a jv squad out there
Free of charge!!! lol That is a pretty sweet deal!!!! ;)
You trenders literally make me want to bang my head into a wall #pathetic #ThrowBackSongs afroman isn't a throw back
having one of the MOST stressful days ever!
While Moffat apologizes for accent "sorry if you can't understand me," event emcee quips: "You must be from Lubbock, right?" Right.
Setting some time aside this wknd for anyone who wants a consulting session or service work…offering discounts if you contact me right away.
Gotta get my own place ASAP! I'm tellin u smh...that's my goal for 2012!
apparently I am visiting the land of whilte asparagus... it even has a twitter handle!
thanks! I see that you like green, but for a different reason. MSU is my 4th favorite #BigTen team.
If a room genuinely calls for richness in color or pattern then by all means use it at the windows. Ex:Lg. rooms w/tall ceilings & windows.
Wished would be out for my #charity #fashionshow for the
#OWSNAshville has been given 24 hours to disband or be evicted by Police. Occupiers are needed NOW more than EVER. PLEASE SHARE!!!
Dont no nigga want no dumb women
Women say men are all the same, but some (like men) are just as guilty
PickUpLine: So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Its not Christian
Matt Barnes a lame ass nigga. One of them niggas that'll date a chick everybody ran through. He's the Mario Chalmers of Los Angeles.
Hello, whats good with you. Hope you and the kids are doing well c'',)
I need more followers.....Tell your friends to follow. Let me know about it and I'll do the same.
I'm getting the new windows phone. Samsung Focus. XD
Need more followers. #RT you won't regret it.
if someone is posting just followed by a link (no text), 99% chance its spam. why not prevent that/block abuse like that?
I reaaallly need more followers :P
Bergamot Station for the Home.Sweet.Home Gerald Slota/Neil La Bute exhibit.
don't let your destiny pass you by....
Man I love this show
Tonight on the LoCash Stage Tomcat Malta! Time to go a little Old School. Gidddyuuuup. JC
S.I.N. night is going strong! Hope everyone has a chance to come out and see us for some great deals!
HAWKS WIN
hahah FA FREE.
NEW FOR APRIL: Bill Mould's "Spirit and Enigma" ceramic sculptures and wall art. Opening reception Friday 13th @ 6pm!
Gorgeous sunny day on the
Be sure to check out at her exhibition with young qualifier Mariel Galdiano at 11:00am on the Practice Range!
MJ in da hizzouse. "BEAT IT, just BEAT IT!!!"
Crazy question: I need help finding someone who can pluck and clean a lot of chickens tomorrow. Help! Know anyone????
aw! Lol dude I wish graciela hadn't been in them xD
So stoked for you to go show your skills in Seattle. Congrats!!
Teen Wolf Season 2 = So Ready !
PS today u get to have a cookie w/ ur coffee. Don't 4get ur running shoes! Lol
I try 1.million times!
I'm getting there early and tryin to mosh Disney and Universal into the ground.
sushi yes Indian not yet :)
I need my money pronto! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
We won't be 17 forever so we can get away with this tonight <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
WOW. just WOW. i am so incredibly proud of you and that song was the definition of perfect. dude, YOU'RE GETTING BIG!!!
Love us some SeattleMaven!
Convert here we need 7 again
lolz.... i like prodigy... Did u meet mb yet??
sounds good! Let us know what's happening out there and we my just come out!
i cannot believe i havent slept in 4 days. my body is slowly shutting down.
#Frustrated about the #IU-#UK series news. At least for now, chalk this up as a loss for college basketball fans.
Trying to wrap my head around Friday ...
thanks for pointing out that there's a lot of space on that dome of mine! hahahah
i do. and you know. me and you (peter and yanze) have been kool how bout you follow me to
My AA kitchen designer said her preacher did not say a word about marriage equality Sun. Won't cost Obama single vote in her church
me too! Text me though Main.
#stillGotACrushON STILL!!! One of the hottest chicks in the business!!! #GivesYouWings :)
I've personally never suffered because of it...
Really looking forward to reading Wiley Cash & Stephen Dau's new books after hearing them at the debut author panel!
I love you Austin!!(: #DedicatedFan <33
I know same goes for you! Be sure to stop us and say hello! :)
I know you got it. Anytime!
haha in ur dreams. Anything thats possible for me to do haha
Tacos!!!! #nuggets Mozgov!
everything is so funny today
i know i know. so are you sexy ;)
Suppose I can share you're on my MKE list... :-) My lists keep my Twitter stream more palatable. ;-)
Many thanks for the honor! I hope to put a couple new posts on my post by the month's end.
its one of those nights! -_-
Help I'm so bored.
So glad to be on bandwagon with you. Can u smell division lead by Sunday afternoon???
thanks gorl! i miss you! how are you?? been 4ever xoxo
Yes--thanks also for the correct spelling of Mr Isenberg's name! :)
do you know what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Yes! Finished w/ my tissue sketches :)))
Thanks for speaking up! There are certainly many challenges facing live music. We understand your and others frustration.
I <3 New York. I thank god thats my hometown nd not dirty ass Ct. :P #team Ct sucks!!!
Those #braxton sister are a mess. I love them.
almost as good as your shows! Keep creative!
Thats a good thing try to go 3 more lol
Lindsay Lohan vs Perez Hilton. I can't
not quite sure how this works. Im sure I will eventually find my way
M! Egg-in-the-basket cooked in coconut oil may be my new fav b'fast. Thanks for suggestions to cook with it.
And I bumped into on my walk to work today. Puts a smile on my face.
Some people really make me laugh with what they tweet, especially when it doesn't even apply to them at all.
When the fuck did everyone become younger than I am?
Judy Dench is returning to the London stage, playing an aging Alice in Wonderland. The production may transfer to Broadway if successful.
You're welcome!
crazy Indian name of the day: Decayed Shoe. Still doesn't top Parched Corn Flour though...
This is the first class I've been to all day!
thanks, friend. I appreciate the info!
found my future baby pig today...her name will be Sheela, and I will potty train her #pigobsession :)
that's good nd thanks !
i wana go to orange beach ,, the wharf .
"For the record, I still hate that workout." - Crossfit Milwaukee's Andy M., four days AFTER doing the workout 'Eva.'
lol I was really laughing aha. but I'm goin to bed Tequan
cedric all day!
people are making fun of me cause i like your music. I'm sad
it is a great loss for Donna Summer, but on a lighter note U LOOKED GREAT ON TMZ LAST NIGHT
today's fashion is " nude"
I do
Wow. Huge #'s for MA. RT : Thanks! MT : Elizabeth Warren. $5.7M, 23,000 MA donors. And she's smart too.
I have no idea :p I think the books came from the bookstore that sponsored the event here in IL so idk if others r doing it.
Here we go.... 2 hour all staff meeting. Way to start a Monday! Let's see what this is about...
thanks, glad you liked the shirt, I almost didn't wear that one
yeah I made more last night than I did in two season at the DUB. Haha
Good morning USA.
Burning eyes, sensitivity to light, or gritty eyes may be due to a vitamin B2 deficiency
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great day :)
Inevitably however, time marches on.
unless you are way out of focus...
wow really .. I thought ur better then this lmao
RT : Mike Smith? Embellish a call?! The devil you say ...
Nice! The vendors selling pink SF sweatshirts tend to do quite well when tourists show up expecting SoCal weather. ;)
"cereal killer" can totally relate! Love you, Coco and Spart
I was young the last time the O's were any good.
Such a great cause! RT: Head to 2morrow for holiday shopping! A portion of sales go to JP Haitian Relief Org....
Lloyd Alexander's Vesper Holly does Egyptian: Indiana Jones-flavored stories with a heroine. Egypt Game by Zilpha Keatley Snyder.
proximity tweet yo
What a strange case of serendipity!
Listening to this week's #shoptalkshow. border-box FTW!
RT : It's true: Without a major cash infusion we will close in May. Help us raise the $500K we need to stay afloat:...
happy birthday mommy<U+2764>
did you warn him you were going to kick him out of the game?
Welcome back!
I folks I have been gone for a while I couldnt type --MS
Arrived in KittyHawk4screening tmrrow night-Thinking what more Punk than the WrightBrothers?That was thinking outside the mainstream :)
Oh my goodesss...was yesterday really Friday?!? Jeez!!
Polls are now open in Indiana (unless you live in the central time zone, where you'll have to wait another hour). Be sure to go vote today!
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel!!!!
i wonder how all these hometown girls feel now that i'm getting on.....
It's never too late 2 make amends & get it right.Swallow pride.Humbly explain your errors.Time weakens lust, strengthens love. -
Just finished genealogy ebook thriller In The Blood by and loved it!! Hope this is a series.
Its fina be all tha way back like snap back hats cuzzo..I was dwn 4 a min had 2 sit dwn..Its good now n I need yu ona track
from I read piece then read the linked piece that links to WRONG Chris Silva censored by MOCA
I'll think about it..
Hey, Lester! I haven't been on Twitter for over a month. EEk. Just seeing ur post now. How r u? Yeah, I do music videos. :-)
Instant Test Kitchen: what would you do with bananas, toffee, chocolate, brown sugar and cinnamon?
I need a new hat.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Health Care Reform Panel and Hippocrates Cafe today!
& i always make it harder on whoever's coming next.
– I'm back in town
Such interesting thoughts
yes a man can dance and not look gay.
One of my best teachers always said, "Life is about the choices you make." She was right.
Nope, but I suspected a pun, and then confirmed it. Then I groaned, as all puns deserve.
I'm watching TV TOO;) ha you go to bed ha
October 2011 marks the eighth annual National #CyberSecurity Awareness Month. How serious are cyber threats?
Ahahahaha Rick!!!!! You as well!
like the Massie in round 1...I wanted to badly but couldn't pull the trigger lol
are you guys up to no good?! LOL
follow me to learn about #jobs and job opportunities Nationally =) !!!
thanks for the words, I hope so too!
I was having an off day.
Tonight was simply remarkable. An incredible, heart-filled #phametour culminating show at the Aladdin!!!
word and you twitting getting ready for work I'm lazy not trying to go but it's money
Well at least now you know and didn't have to shell out too much cash to find out!
Enjoyed your class tonight. Great, energetic, and informative lecturers. Let's have a beer again soon. Thanks. Say hi to Robyn.
latkes in red square starts now!
FHD AND MILITA MONEY GANG GONE ROCK DA SHIT OUT LOTUS TONIGHT BE DER.LADYS MAKE SURE U BRING A EXTRA PER OF PANTIES CAUSE U MIGHT GET TO WET
when r the posters shipped?
#ThingsINeverUnderstood why girls wear 4 inch heels to the mall.
:D Bahaha I love you !
RT : NEXT...We are about to talk to Mark Ballas with Dancing With the Stars!!! I am SO excited for this...
Are you offended by our Japanese shirt on tuesdaytees.com?
": My ass still hurts btw." Hm
not good for my cubbies
Is it just me or is it enough if Miss Wisconsin finishes ahead of Miss Alabama?
i've heard one too-many sales pitches from the podium too.
With no #NBA season =( I'll be watching #NHL more.. at least I have my $1 #Bartab drinks to cheer me up
It's 'let's' RT : Lets eat, Grandma or lets granda.. grammar saves us all
. I know you're friends with the future Mrs. , but you've got to be more careful about what you say to her. .
I hope are safe ,,,, well so far they said where not gonna have a tornado
Hey Wanna Be Friends.Im Katie Trays girlfriend
Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
So in Madison there are heavy storms and here an hour away it's 80 and sunny
I provide you with valuable knowledge with new construction and re-modeling of your home.
I get my nails done so often it's not even enjoyable anymore.
Game 1 of double header over. Can we make it through game 2?
what I do
Nice informative website
Thanks, It was nice seeing you too.
Ready whenever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
my heels are too high and this chair is too low
Carefully consider the path for your feet, and all your ways will be established. Proverbs 4: 26
I really mean it too, and if you need to talk tomorrow, If you feel like breaking down, call or text me.. Okay?
Can we have class outside?!
some folks will do anything for a TD. Can't believe they sacrificed the QB like that wow. Nonetheless TD Pats. Wow.
Not sure if that's the weirdest most amazing game I've ever watched. Or both. I feel like I hallucinated the entire thing...
"Uncovering what's valuable to people is a key to making tons of sales!"
The new website is being built. Can't wait for everyone to see it. Stay tuned... I will let you know when it is live!
Just finished the show! Had a giant chocolate bar and Rubert from Survivor on...great place to work :-)
lolol omg you are amazing:) I Compleatly agree.
PaulyD is the shit!!! Best Dj ever!!
are you still in columbus?
us too!! See you there!
Have fun at Disney today! Definitely don't forget to protect yourself from the sun with sunscreen!
reinvented sex remix >>>>>>>
how was your day.!?
Yep, Mooney. I hear Werth is a "lefty" so he called Scott to "help him out".
Hey, Just want to shoot out to the coolest bounty hunter! Well you and Duane Lee :)
All my exes live in texas like I'm george straight
Don't forget the wool hat. Feel better.
remember when "Exclusive Interview" actually meant the interview was actually exclusive to that outlet?
Cat: "I'll just let myself in, thank you". lol ^.^
We don't have a store set up yet, but we're working on it.
Congratulations to for their new #Tourism & Hospitality practice!
so true http:www.infatuationclothing.com
Drake Ft.Rihanna - Take Care :) #NowPlaying and, also texting
I was about to put that I know your little smartass would say that lol
RT - Pats' Haynesworth pleads no contest to assault: New England Patriots defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth reportedly ...
Sorry, chat platform isn't mobile compatible. May want to try using a remote desktop app. Works for me on iPhone/iPad.
I know its rare! Shoot me a message with an offer.
someone wanna cut my hair?
Excellent closing remarks from at the future of filmmaking expo keynote panel.
First time dining tonight! Any menu suggestions for my italian (and italian cuisine-loving) father?
You didn't cause anything nothing was caused by you. You just think you did.
“: I'm speaking at the University of Wisconsin this evening.”
#Survivor its never to late
Note to self: Never link from Google+ to a Facebook note. Not good.
again, subjective. he has pitched as many games in a season as Mike Marshall did. He has done everything you think he should.
I'll Take Another! Since when does a horse named after his owner's cookie fetish win!? Good thing I had him in my exacta.
Cal scores again! 21-7. Nice to have you back Mr. Bear.
nsta is costing me $1k. Thinking the same thing.
friends forever always will be friends
best food ever
Hahaha, it said it was hard. Lucky thing I knew what it looked like aha. I wish I could redraw it again though.
Thanks for the RT!
would love to work with you! :) let me know if you ever need a model\actress :)
thanks for the awesome Kiehl's shirt for the holiday! Sporting it for Chicago's 'gives back night'! Cheers!
Work it. Girl
Southwest is the New York City taxi of air travel.
Yahoo is everyone's high school newspaper. Filled with bad articles and news people don't care about.
Have you digitized your business? Reachlocal can help. Call today. 817-716-8487
Thank you for following and for the interesting content you provide. Cheers!
Okay so maybe I don't regret going to class. We had a guest speaker and he brought some amazing artist books to show!
Yay! Glad to help :)
Anyone going to the American Coatings Show? Come see #Synthesia at Booth #1647. Give us a shout on Twitter!
What's the point of having a full warranty on your car, when something happens seems like its always the one thing that's not covered smh
I said the same thing, but I didn't even see yours! Lolz
a USB port on the right side wouldn't hurt my feelings, either.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Happy New Year folks! Y'all have fun and STAY SAFE out there. Hope to see you in 2012!
fuck them! They missed out, you're too fine for them.
so I'm totally BS-ing this article review for anthropology...my English teachers would be ashamed.
Also missed the fact that RDJ was tebowing before he went out to present with Gwyneth Paltrow ha!
What worries you masters you. Haddon Robinson
Starting with another new drum student today! Early 20s, never played.
“: #askanything: The Godfather or On The Waterfront?” On The Waterfront
Can't sleep hit me up
This nigga just said we almost broke up lmao
ah, so that's the secret!
Ha, the button trick. I got pretty good at that :/
Got the nice guys in training so they can stop finishing last.lol
Hey I'm moving into your room with you .. K? K.
I want to hang out with
follow if you aren't already.
you can be.
RT : For those interested, I'm booked March 4-6th. Got accepted to !!
I LOVE TO DANCE*
RT : Yes. We’ve used games with several clients, including VeriSign, Rackspace, Cisco, and Jive, to name a few.
Hey Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom, & Connecticut North tweeps: know of any spots for Zipcars in your areas? Let us know about 'em!
Bout to hop on #TheWeeknd flow
Maybe my new email address goes to your spam, but I can't think why. I'm now
Which part of Italy are you based? I'll be there in June.
Sri Lanka was once called Ceylon? I had a feeling #BattlestarGalactica was an allegory for the struggles of the Indian subcontinent!
please follow me
Appeals court overturns SF man's sentence - San Francisco Chronicle
Camping in Harpers Ferry took a terrible turn for the absurb when the dog opened his bowels inside the car. The tears were real.
Damn. I swear every time I see you, I fall even more in love.
just wondering why we do things;why do cities have #opendata catalogs, contests, hackathons, etc? are these tropes? or bandwagon?
idk?! Can't sleep...started twatchin
Please help get to 1,500 followers!
Thank you to our wonderful emcees: You did a wonderful job of announcing San Diego's Best Moms!
Damn, I hate bubble play when I am short stacked.
Signs were put up for an event for Taos political candidate Ernestina Cruz. Roy Cunnyngham took them down. Then an unknown man beat him up.
I gotta stop falling asleep so damn early...smh
who knows
These foo's suck at 2k
GOP raises prop taxes a billion, then tries to cut them 4 mil the next and run on it? How little they must think of Minnesotans.
This is a great week for final 2012 planning. Be #persistent & your reward is #consistency. SeanLetwat
WIshing everyone enjoy a glorious spring weekend - fabulous in Virginia! :)
The Secret Circle Extended Promo 1x20 - Traitor HD - crystals
we're on our second prius. Especially love the new one. Congrats
Hey buster.. is giving up Felix hern. For kevin youkilis jake peavy and Johann Santana good or bad?
#Its2012 And Yall Females Still leting A nigga record you sucking dick or wadever n u wanna tlk about other ppl being Hoes !
To yoga or not to yoga tonight.....
Show me "urs" and I'll show u "mine"
Almost time for school dismissal :) then one more day!!!
right on... thanks for the RT.
Thanks for the follow <3
Just saw post re: Preston & Child. Warning: highly addictive!
RT : What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Oliver Wendell Holmes
loved watching on my fair wedding teaching the couple to dance. and the soho studio is wow amazing.
what's up?!? Welcome to twitter!
Was it easy working in layers? The end result is amazing and full of possibilities.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY =}
WHAT?! I'm about to cry :S
Getting ready for south hills Sunday nights:00 join us at south hills.tv
Be sure to tune into MADMIC SHOW 6:30pm tomorrow for our exclusive interview about the upcoming Winter Film Awards!!!
Happy Birthday to the College of Communications And Information, may the joining go forward with great vigor.
After not eating fast food for all of 2011, we still haven't gone back! So proud of ourselves!
mardy - don't bother replying 2 roddick's nonsense. Just let the scoreboard do the talking. Neb? Really.
Oh hello #Salma #Hayek. She looks so good in the new Burger King commercials..
BIG THANK YOU to and for spreading the word.
I have some wines that are excellent representations of the indigenous Greek varietals that you should try next.
Energy conservation is the foundation of energy independence..
Same applies to twitter // : Remember the buddy icon? You always knew who was a slut by how sultry their buddy icon was.
RT : Lord help me to love sincerely and deeply in a way that inspires, touches and encourages everyone I meet today. Amen:)
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
Just won Jingle Bash Tickets!! thanxs Nikki!
Ready to fuck shit up tonight...
VOTER FRAUD.
Caught without a pacifier when your baby wants one? Try cheap, easy, & ever-present pacifier substitute = your (clean) pinky finger.
Come on Miss state yall are making the SEC Look Bad!!
I'm sitting next to Natalie Angiuli right now and dying. Her voice is AMAZING!!!! Buy her new cd on iTunes!
- Don't be an apple cyborg!
i cant wait to see you sqaushed on the floor tonight.. haha;p
I need drugs and liquor. Where's a Mexican when you need one
I wonder what my chances are of getting a seat at the bar ce soir?
suffer from chronic constipation, which disrupts a regular life style. empty my bowels every fifth day. condition of mine getting worse
Damn Auto Correct. Smh
No fridges?
The hustle is in full effect
- You got it, Gavin! It's out honor to represent this very talented band.
Looking forward to hanging with you tomorrow night...can't wait to see you dance it up as well!
I love #CallMeMaybe with and more, more other stars!
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost
I have a couple start ups I am working on. I would like to know more about what you do and see if you can help me get them going!
MSLP technical intraday alert target range .02 this could move fast
You're either a leader or a follower.
better remove my photo from the profile before I report her.
Happy first day of spring, I see it is beautiful in NY today...headed their on Firday! Metropolitan Room, here I come!
you can talk to me if you want
Just got back from a neighborhood walk. The best exercise I get Plus we patrol the neighborhood keeping crime down. They never know the time
next saturday 4/21 we'll be interviewed on Lesbian Love Talk! Can't hardly wait!
Swimming :) Fell asleep on my tummy, my bum got a bit red but still having fun. Breezy today here, still very nice weather. LA Saturday.....
agreed. ;) i'd love sum of that.
in my experiences w/ him he's called. So as long as your number is right I don't think you have anything to worry about.
So exciting! Danyelle, you deserve to be in the same room with such an inspirational woman - you inspire me every day!!
Hey Gordon, thanks so much for all the interviews and awareness you created for our charity last night at Rise!!
"Woot! Watching #Shoulda on ! So proud of the and ! #Dallas" <U+261B>Thanks for the love!
Congrats man - what company? How's John doing (or has it been a while since you were there?)
Chicago will not have a white Christmas this year.
Random Thoughts: Isn't Dan Rooney a little bit old to serve as the Ambassador to Ireland?
I'm Good! Just going to school and living life. You?! Did you change your #?
Wow. That must have been quite a project. How cool. Thanks!
oh my and are all on maybe they arew creeping and want to follow us
Don't feel good at all:(
Pixie just had a seizure ; ( ... so scary!
Wondering if is hungover this morning.
The jacket's probably optional if you're wearing a button-down shirt.
You bet! Will I see you there?
The company is a dedication to my Grandfather Archie-Rose & his friend, the great Fred Rose, Whom my grandfather took his stage name
My vocal hero is gone. Vocal performance perfection! Whitney Houston.
To say I've got it all...is to shell me short.
Wow huge upsets today #Duke just lost
I'm convinced that Volstad can't perform under pressure. I bet Braun did that on purpose.
Excited for National Jesuit Day of Service tomorrow. Representing at and the Pacific Northwest.
hahaha i bet!! oh god that was embarrasing lol
Tonight Ladies are FREE All Night. Come Party with Me & You know How we Do it Each and Every Sunday.
I feel like people who don't take the time to capitalize the letter "I" when they type are just lazy.
I woun't let you close enough to hurt me
I'm tired of this!
RT : Oh, your son just opened his mouth to take a breath? Post this on Facebook, I can't wait to like it.
You don't know you're beautiful <3
Hey there, little regular fry in my curly fries. Just be yourself, buddy.
Stop being a stranger.... —___—
ah, thanks for the explanation! I thought I was hallucinating
I think I need a new fcking bf. I'm tired of this shit.
"If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?"
Watching 90210 (part 1). Brenda said, "Performance oriented coffee shops are where it's at right now."
Fair Play movie premiere tonight, 7pm at the B Spot in DC. Arrive EARLY due to limited parking!!!!
Thinking about teen participation in libraries and the collaboration continuum.
Yes, receiver constructs, but according to a socially constructed codec that is transindividual …
Small world! RT : Why am I not surprised to see and at #GuardianChat?
Why thank you Karen :)
looking at your dress makes me want to go to prom.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
RT : And didnt those two guys used to wrestle as the Wild Samoans?
is on KGOU NPR today at 2! Tune in, punk!
ugh!!i have to pay $150.00 in monthly storage fees and $70 plus dollars in insurace for my benz
I'm asian ._. If you don't wash your hair, you'll get a dry scalp.. that's what they all tell me.
“: Oh wow, a celebrity followed you? How cool. You're basically a star!” ;)
Happy Friday, Cheyanne! Hope you're doing well!
Enjoyed being at w/ to unveil Meals That Matter disaster relief trailer - bkfst was grt!
it's not hard
#ThingsMyExSaid "why are you talking to all these dudes? Your not allowed to talk to ________ anymore."
Dreamed last night that my car was stolen. With my BlackBerry in it.
Andres, very funny slogan indeed.
#NP blink 182 "what's my age again" on U can nvr go wrong w/playing blink :)
Hey, um, yeah, we're going to need you to go ahead & get that project done now... Yeah...
RT ": If you ain't gone be real with no one else. At least be real with your damn self."
Topped out @ 101 cappers with NBA & NHL posted plays with the same 2 consensus on Mavs & Warriors..See ya @ the window
look up ^^^^ you just said you were hungry..
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever. (Psalms 52:8).
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO can I get a SHOUTOUT FOR MY BEST FRIENDS BDAY PLZ
I love
In need of a fruit cup.
I am encouraged because I meet more and more compassionate fathers every day!
thanks for the reminder! I almost forgot that pink champagne is her favorite!
lucky bitch! I is so jealous! I miss my baby!!):
Omg I had said..would it Ethier makes a Homerun..& then u know it..It makes a homerun!! Yaya!! #Dodgers leading 4-0
If you're going to be a bear be a grizzly! Haha! I love family time!
love the boutique! it's like the sweet valley twins went for a milkshake at the peach pit with their biker boyfriends.. xoxo
Thanks for the RT, Steven!
Thanks to everyone who tuned-in to last night's premiere...Don't miss next Tuesday night when the boys break out the chainsaws!
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous —— Coco Chanel
yea, no problem. What time?
I have so much to read but need to pack...like Ross I think I we should be on a break from reading.
When did you first start making video's? Hhahaa, your really good! (:
#34 is a HOF in my book. Was very nice to me when I was little in Houston. Stand up guy who was good for the game.
How bout my Grizz !
are you where I think you are?
Red eyed and blue
#NowPlaying 'Helplessness Blues' by Fleet Foxes
A reminder to families, parents, caregivers about BAA Narratives today!
Sad :,( School isn't closed today. Snow y you no stay?!
did you find this using SeeSaw :)
Do you have questions about your insurance coverage? Feel free to give us a call. We'll give you the scoop! 505-345-8757
YES!!! just tell me when
Q6, we have to watch the board pretty closely, there's a lot of sneaky folks out there
I feel like I am going to toss cookies
Um roadtrip to see might actually be happening!!! 16 hours!! But well worth it ;)
I just finished a 2.61 mi run with a pace of 7'21"/mi and a time of 19:13 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm glad i have a father and mother. Love them both.
I'm all caught on Vampire Diaries! Oh my goodness, cray! I don't even know what to say about the ending!
RT : hey Obama was a drug user,talk about that!!//Hey, Bush was an alcoholic and coke addict, talk about that!
#ImThatPersonWho sticks up for my family no matter what the situation is ,
was she fat? sexy? im tryin to picture it in my mind
She's front and off to the right.
ok i'll try to give you a call!
She acts like summer and walks like rain...
If your apart of #TEAMJUMP RT so I can see how big the #TEAM got
that happen to me the other day, but because I'm in the navy, they let me go!
Football begins & basball season is coming to a close. Time to change into my fall sports clothes...wearing the silver and black..GO RAIDERS
Retina display is pretty sweet. 30 day trial begins.
Was just given possibly the world's largest cream puff...I am what I eat. Thanks Kim!
lol das wassup yall down to be in a couple more videos this summer?
Good point (Robot Greggo voice). You're my baseball homie. GO RANGERS.
Hey 2012, it's time for new beginnings!
lol #overdramatic but I love it!
Public Service Announcement: The new gmail is vaguely tolerable with the "high contrast" theme.
“AdSense For Local Commerce” Signpost Raises $3.75M From ...
Analyzing the quote "colonization made us into a submerged people" my student writes: "So why did Filipinos submerge themselves?"
Can't deal.
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or . ~ Groucho Marx
If I were you, I'd stop going to Cubs/Cards game. #badluck #GoCubsGo :)
Ugh, you're so gorgeous!
that good and yea im sitting in class for 2 hours then im gone
The word has two separate definitions and when dealing with people on emotional subjects, it's easy for the line to be blurred.
Thanks, Didn't know about that one, and most of my links are for photography gear anyway. Will switch over from
girl i'm sick and so i can't revise and its stressing me out but this is just what i needed! thank you!
lol i bet buddy :)
Gonna get Vlados!
Fuck Gary Sheffield
darn it...I forgot about heatsync tonight. How'd it go? I'm sorry I didn't make it out.
At p-nut chilling
got it. that's interesting...I know nothing about betting, haha
I'm Shaft, Dolemite, and Opie Cunningham all in one.
Busy, #CrossFit Games. Will surface for a breath soon.
when coughing on the subway, people look at you like they want to kill you...
I have the special edition copy of Lion King on DVD I'll watch it with you
Just announced Traveling Circle with The Psyched and Midnight Kids Friday, May 7 @ Secret Project Robot www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
And then my MacBook stopped working and wouldn't turn back on. Awesome
Quality time with my newly acquired #comics on the quiet car.
Good Morning Folks.... You All Have a Blessed Day..
It needs to be 40 hrs of cash games.
Amazing. RT : bend over to the flo, touch ya toes, back dat ass up and down and get
know anyone in SD? RT Seeking #SanDiego #Photographer to do family pics+casual headshots for me. DM or @ me pls
? for TP: Which of the 8 basic principles of In Search is most imp. today besides BIAS FOR ACTION. Tell TP its Mark ret. WMT vet
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have made sure the gate was closed before I let Astro out.
Coding till 6am for 2 nights with phonegap+jquery mobile+html5. Javascript is so bad & I miss Visual Studio. Still, made great progress! :-)
com — Stan Stearns, the photographer who took one of the most famous pictures of all time, has died at 76
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
I know you do
Paul Pierce has come to play tonight!
A lot can be said in 21 minutes to make me smile for the next month. <U+263A><U+2764>
So the invisibility cloak doesn't really work, eh?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! you probably wont but its worth the try!
Get out of those goddamned bathtubs already.
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” - Apple Computers
My little corner of L.A. has a bunch, too. Haven't gone to any of the straight-up Bollywood shows yet. (Just stuff like "Water".)
: The wall between editorial and advertising is as much for economic reasons as for ethical reasons. We can do better.
yeah just heading over there ... the usual
Sponsorship levels will go up when $conditions ease. Then speaker expenses might be paid & fees go down.
The Great Spirit will listen, if you only speak
This series looks about over.
Motivational quote for today: When you are truly comfortable in your own skin, not everyone will like you, but you won't care one bit
Marley festival n austin,burnin it down'! Im there n 2hrs-r u?
can you follow me<3? PLEASE<3
haa, you can turn off the sun, but im still gonna shine. :)
We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
rats, missed you. I should check twitter more often.
I'm so hot that you would Probly catch a tan around this motha fucka
when are you picking it up? Did you get the loan?
No text msgs or calls..
How exciting. I shook hands with a Millionaire yesterday!! I hope his good fortune rubs off on me!!
Anyone had the pleasure of meeting Gary Turner at Halltown, MO on 66? Runs an amazing replica gas station and a super nice guy
“: Okay, that scene is done... now on to the next which does not involve ninjas... or does it?” / Yes, ninjas or I won't watch.
Ik U Support Us... Give Us A Shout Out!
I'm so CONFUSED!!
Kathy is looking smashing and Anderson is a silver fox! Happy 2012 America!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Yeah, quite a rain-fall in the am. certainly gonna be some flooding in some places in the area.
I am War Plan White. ;)
Oh insomnia....I do not appreciate your late night visits at all
Stress on the brain, I gotta maintain.
time's are tuf . But when i listen to you'r music i tend to forget it. Until i come back to reality , /:
Lots of amazing content at the Yahoo! Global Sales Conference. Wait till you see what's coming out soon.
Um, Paul, check the date.
The commercial made Rondo look like trash though.. Oh well.
I'm gonna need someone to create a burger flavor spray for my salad.
Watchin starstruck with my mom since I'm home sick:/
The #Aztec game is about to begin in Vegas! Let's go #Aztecs!
yes it's off and on maybe getting worse . Any advice on what to do?
- Not this year. But sometime in the near future, I'm sure.
Postcards at Silver Lake Library now.
Tommy is dat guy
yo when are u getting that ps3 and madden 12? I need some competition...
lol! *poof* I'm gone *poof* I'm back :D!! *hugs* hope all is well with you!
Have a little patience. I'm going nowhere with this.
Follow me on instagram! () :)
it's fun. I have never been to a live soccer game anywhere (not counting AYSO!)
for just an hour...then back to the pool lol
Possibly just developed a lesbian crush on Elle Varner #lesbehonest lol
It's draft day. An Eagles trade was a given
thanx for the follow. but wassup
tried responding but wouldn't let me :( Anyway, thought I read that somewhere. Creoles always lookin' for Creoles :)
enjoying some tasty quiche!
well then #perl is tough lovin' me like a step-child
36 degrees = rain, not snow (at lwast on Boston) I'm uber-happy
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. please follow me back. =)
Thanks! RT As always, great lunch today
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665> :D :D
DF Indie Studos..i like what you're doing
Me & this dude tryna see who can hustle the hardest. Lol he won. My 120 his 138 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
what ya been up to B?
Ur a daddy?
#HappyMothersDay to every mother, no matter who you are, you are greatly appreciated and we are all very thankful for you
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Great seeing awesome demo of thx
no problem :)
having trouble sleeping, i wonder why...
Yeah. I owed my friend at trip to LSP, so we're sitting together! It should be fun!
Transformers on FX while I run. I may get distracted and do a full marathon
I'd say I love you but she would even budge to hear it
Wake n bake. Care to join?
May you dwell richly in us Lord.
No judging! Did you have a garlic knot? RT : Fatty lunch break at Ciro's Pizza!
I'm so fucking annoyed. I want my mom to involve the police so that these thieves from school learn a damn lesson
Anybody else watching the Women's Soccer World Cup??
is that the truest thing ever said?
I found out, this worked only because the cop was in a good mood. I got stopped by a cop leaving Houston, going to Austin. He asked me if...
New Paragon Enhancements
YEAH GOOD TO HEAR FROM YA !
Begin today by seeing your delays as protective blessings from God. Have faith your blessings are near...
Packing for Alumnae Weekend.
Just stop making promises u cant keep. I'm tired of getting my hopes up and then getting my heart broken.
School tomorrow
This is such a bummer! RT : 10news: 2 State Parks In County To Close Due To Budget Cuts: Two state parks... bit.ly/lByzWh
Newbury Street: PEANUT BUTTER froyo has landed! Get it swirled on a fresh Belgian waffle with strawberries on top for a SUPER PB&J!!!
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
"Indecision becomes decision with time." ~Author Unknown
never heard of it
Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
To my followers _ if you got a direct tweet from us about someone saying bad things about you, do not open the link. It's a hack link. Sorry
ugh....U'll stand up for ANYONE from Cleveland/Ohio won't ya?
Hello sir! If you'd like to stretch your comedic legs we have an open mic tomorrow at 630pm in Abq
Toys and Games do not have to be pricey. Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have the same great toys at great prices. Check it out!
What if I start murkin niggas foreal? I want to....
What are your top 3 concerns with this years #Badger squad?
In exactly one week from today, I'll b in Miami! I can't wait! :)
Amen Dave! #The Grammys
“Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties." <U+2015> Erich Fromm
look up "ships with mates" on the app store!
Oh lord.
I installed Lion and lost half my fonts. That was a year ago. Still have to change fonts to read random "mystery" documents.
Hey -not sure which author you mean. Hard to keep conversation thread on Twittr. Are you on email, then drop me a line.Mike
Just followed because sent me here
It's Okay But Yea I Know What That Means lol
• Everybody's favorite announcer on Fox, guess.
yo just saw your msg! holler back!
I'll stop the world and melt for you.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough
Rubio. Its called a jump shot and its a fundamental. Somehow they dont teach it in spain.
Fun interactive work. Love it! Congrats on the launch.
Let's hope they sprout up in the spring!
dude..we get it..Wisconsin won...move on and focus on the a$$ whipping coming from vandy
Enjoying our Event and Wifi at the same time!
Don't be tryna make me feel sorry 4 Boeheim #ESPN, I want the #Badgers to
I honestly miss my best friend.
you and me both!! actually I'm out right now! this day is DONE!
Please move here! It's amazing and you would not only up my trivia score, but my fun level!! Get on that!!
Silvius: focusing on capturing learning journey, not just polished final products.
u are cracking me up on 810 this morning!!
So you're firing up the blender post race? See you then.
Happy #Leap Year Boston!!! Any plans on your extra day today??
Cheesecake is my passion, weight is my gain
can't wait to vote for the first time as a D.C. resident.
I love the Ceciro ". Nothing new under the sun.
haha...had to.
Good luck today! Thank you for having lunch with us at :)
Dude get some sleep...lots is riding on you tomorrow!!!!
The topics of illegal immigration and immigration have caused politicians and analysts from the extreme left and the far right
Love the glitch background!
NAMBLA NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED THEY ARE MOLESTING OUR BOYS. CAN YOU SAY PEDOPHILE!!!!!!!
just wanted to say hi and hope all is well in life and at the poker tables!!! xo
I am looking into both.For me I think it is all about branding I do not think it will be profitable during the promo
Next goal to get my flat screen and PS3
i randomly have bruises everywhere /:
or avery's theory: "some sort of super expensive party with free fireworks and helicopter rides"
will you follow me.?
-IHate This School.
damn I got some head bangor kush all day
Thanks for the follow, Nutphree! Keep up the tasty work!
Me neither. I'll take a look!
awwwh. I would be honored :]
Random, but I just thought i'd tweet you & tell you that you're amazing & that iloveyouuuu! <3 YCB all day! (:
looking for great new talent. any good r&b artist in the h??
Don't miss your last chance to see Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey ® Presents Dragons! at Hampton Coliseum tonight!
Reggie Bullock saved the #tarheels tonight.
i would subscribe to brokaw's voice on an eternal loop
ohmygosh I want the snooki one!:O
Last night in Los Angeles need I say more??
nope. didn't need anything special, I was just checking when to drop in.
Twitter & Facebook weak so I'm going to Sleep
Combo of scents from browning onions for red sauce + baking Italian bread means I now want to bake onion bread. Any good recipes out there?
damn bro you be sounding like kid kudi! Haha keep it up I like your bars!
watching a scary movie!!:)
His head-nod was even better.
You're welcome! :) xo
#Dodgers have a day off today and back on the field tomorrow in LA vs the Washington #nationals. 7:10 game start with Kershaw on the hill.
Or Green tea flavored?
The guy who sings 'we are young' is 30. That's scary.
don't work too hard!
the funny thing is is shes Rican. Im Rican. we butt heads like a mofo
thank you so much for joining us last night and happy birthday, Tablehopper!
Muahahahaha the filth.
Thanks for the awesome tweet. Happy Holidays to you too! :)
we're working with to create #CERT teams in #SWDC and at #GangplankMarina!
I miss you, my friend. My fault of course...but miss you nonetheless.
Not being in an office does wonders for my productivity.
I am
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Be good to yourself. - Sam Ash salesman
And zimmerman said "fuck it i dont wanna go to court. Fuck it im on the run for The month UUGH!!"
it's going good :) how about yourself?
gladly. It
no you werent ! you were perfectly fine.
Not digging the hour ahead thing
come on Tribe RT “: Longest #OpeningDay game in Major League history. Happening now in Progressive Field. 16th inning.”
Happy Earth Day! Special shout out to every #nonprofit working in conservation, ed, research, & inspiring activism for our beautiful planet!
I'm down by stage AE. If anyone wants me to pick up Devo tickets lmk
is that y u smell ?
have to put a question mark on that swag homie lol idk if throwbacks came back yet Trint lol
Summer fun begin!!
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored pretend I'm a zombie laying on a bed. O_o
Or chose to wur your tennnisss shoes lalalalalala :p
Seen around town: a Jimmy John's two doors down from a Jenny Craig.
if by "lab" you mean a basketball court, then good luck tonight. Please don't pretend to be something you're not.
Race is not sexuality. Funny how white libs always get that confused.
Omg... I had to replace my printer and got a wireless one. I freaking love it. Printing from room to room. Yes little things make me happy
my breakfast was a stack of three waffles with white chocolate chips in between each, eaten like a sandwich.
There are prizes awaiting you! What time are you done class/work?
tell your homie Joseph happy birthday from me even tho I don't know him
RT : So many Reiki practitioners are unaware of the amazing effectiveness of Usui's traditional Japanese techniques.
chillin,u have a contact for production?
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to ~ Anonymous
Ah! I really need someone to help me with these poems!
"Walk right in...sit right down...daddy let your hair hang down..."
President Obama will say anything to get your vote. I'am still waiting for him to walk with Union members he promised in 2008.
Congrats to comics writer for book deal w/ Random House on how to write comics--luck to have him teaching !
victim of a random bug bite on my thumb while sleeping last night; never realized how many every day tasks require a properly working thumb.
RT : Read&React zone attack thought - one good pin deserves another. Zone shifts hard on first skip and second is wide open.
I'm not judging you ... grammar before genes, right? ;)
I swear that song is playing every time I go to Safeway. Somewhat of a deterrent. :-P
What's the best way to pull page images out of PDFs and see what they're dpi, compression method etc. are? Must be a tool out there
Redditors not only ask good questions RE: Mn3. Also good advice. teminusest: ..remember: bring two hobbies,...solitary one and a social one.
Your hair is a "a-mah-zing" to quote Penny from "Happy Endings."
CONGRATULATIONS to Armfield Dentistry! Our daily winner of a Google Android Tablet at Booth #814 here at the Southwest Dental Conference!
Weed got me laughing like a damn hyena.
If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean.
sound fun
That's because you are a big sweetheart!
do we get free subs since United beat the Fire
Temporal void by Peter Hamilton - great read.
hey where r u now? Are u in NYC? Or chicago? Have you talked to Milton Rodriguez?
This boy in my school looks JUST LIKE No lie!! He looks like he could be his son!!
omg!!!! That sucks I'm sry boo how u get that?? An well good ur better now.. an I'm doing good just putting myself out there
I need to get a shave reminder +_+
Have you guys been? Any good tips?
lol I'm flattered! ;)
i ate at edo's squid in richmond with 2 of my fave dudes. TIGHT. why don't we have food like that in the cville??
Where they at
Workout, write, then Koi tonight with friends and family in BH
At the #LawDay event... is introducing
Don't worry, I picked it up for ya. ;) ": I continue to be the worst stock picker of all time. Decided to dump BAC. Up 14% since"
damn damn damn, what i'd do to make this connection fast? i wish it'll be fast
hey come into my chat!
thanks for the retweet!
Can’t wait for the first session of the writing mastermind with …just a few more minutes!
Approaching Albuquerque. One hour out from landing in Phoenix!
Grow up and get over it.
I've heard the French love pudding.
RT : When SEO works, Google has failed.
"Laughter is by definition healthy."~Doris Lessing...especially when you can laugh at yourself ;-)
thanks Kalyn!! We had a great time & it was awesome meeting you (:
I'll DM you my email
i just found out that #GoldForever is going to be my class' prom song! :)
I'd be OK with that! LOL
Happy they tied it but wow will i be tired for work tomorrow! #OT RT Seabrook!!!!!!!!
If you haven't watched it yet watch Spartacus!!
“: I just found out how to repin stuff on Pinterest. Sh!t's about to get crazy.” It changed my whole life!
yes hun that was mine! U dug it?
So, i've picked a color(s) for my bedroom.. Tee-hee-hee.. this is gonna be sexy! :)
just found out on wed. im nashville bound :D so excited 5 days in music city usa!
Can't see raw data, though I'm guessing it's out there somewhere.
Judges are trying to gear competition to Joshua. Jessica is WAY BETTER. BAD Judges!!!
Merry Christmas, we r in Oklahoma City with people that matters the most in our life, from ups and downs always there.
Go Caps! RT ": RT this message if you are cheering on the #Capitals tonight on #HNIC"
thank you for Friday mention!! Have a beautiful weekend!
it's not friday but maybe you should consider following :-) feel better soon.
could still perform in Indonesia in theory, Just not Jakarta
Sleep with no eye open.
Glad to finally see both the Lakers & Clippers in the playoffs this year. #TeamLA <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Thanks for the painting RT!
Everyone needs a petty tyrant in their life. If you don't have one, get one.
you may have been hacked, you're sending dms
just arrived in Pittsburgh ....dc Assault 16 & 17 at 940 ....pitt jamfest...get focused!
Happy Mothers day!! Time to eat some rice krispies & watch sports center all day to see them hype the Lakers up lol
I mean--who wants to approve an jerk for ordination?
DEAR INTERNET, please let me sleep. I LOVE sleep. Sincerely, every Internet Users.
haha cute RT : RT : AP Calculus inspirational quote for tomorrow: "odd numbers: i can't even"
want to noe i wat i hate the most r liers... cheater ...... freak i am a hot mess lol jk
Had a great dinner with We highly recommend the pretzel baguette, salads and short rib "burger". Yum!
thanks for the follow, Yvonne! Love reading the words of wisdom you share.
RT Sally Thorner wrote a children's book! She's also wonderful, very kind and fun. Plus, she reads all the time. Vote for Sally! :)
Stup is easy nowadays, it's the actual writing that's hard to do plus finding the time to do it!
That's the nail in the coffin. Empty netter. Rangers will probably win this one 3-0.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 15
Text was sent from Athletic Dept. Not Graham, it was merely his statement.
hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe :-) Xoxo
I've got some Coronas! You come over and watch a scary with me or something. :-)
Even doe he da one who made this frown on my face..!!
That bad mother jeremy lin droppin 38 on la!
“: I'm not flirting. I'm just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive” ;)
thanks for coming!! You looked fab as usual.
In the studio working on the song Fixed Me. Can't wait for yall to hear it!
That was actually a good foul.
“: Sitting in class wondering how the hell the teacher got the job...”
love you both!!
When you sneeze and fart a little. Hoping no one heard it. #CAUSE IF THEY DID YOU GONE BE IN SOME TROUBLE
senior shirt and jeans
These are the weakest playoff foul calls ever.
love it! Yes indeed Becks Vier does go well with #German #Soccer who else bet against the #Titan of German Soccer?My clients did
#Nosebleeds N school <<<
It seems like a whole year has passed since I went to sleep...
Happy Mother's Day Steppy!
ask a english teacher!
I just made it to the Sleigh Bells show with We can't wait for the Christmas songs to begin!
We need more models.... Interested? Email 3-5 photos and stats to
RT : #TSE12 you can't do more with less without technology
Something disgusting and funny just happened. OMG.
#TimeWarner on that BS.
Thanks, Walker. Coming from you that's high praise. I really do appreciate your support and encouragement.
We are doing great!! That ia awesome, what time are you on??
Now your here come on out the rain, soaking Wet, body Glistening!!
it really is ;)~
Finally gave in to twitter?
Going to school with
learning about drupal testing at
are you alive? No tweets about UK in the final 4 or championship?! Congrats! But seriously are u ok? Where r you??????
I like that..Bobbie for short
She gets mad at me for wanting to do this...so I offer that, and she still gets pissed. Make up ur fucking mind
Alexia! I know your Mom from long ago. I lost all contact info when I moved & would love speak with her! 512-788-3189 :)
If it flies it dies
Found by colleague: 5/4/49 letter from Mark van Doren to Morris Ernst re. Allen Ginsberg's legal troubles. Key moment in Beat history!!!
Our identity does not come from the creation, but the Creator.
How much longer will republicans fight irrelevancy by being horrible people?
Nik, I would like to do the same. Teachers want respect, autonomy to teach their way, no high stakes testing. Money is least
Riding heavy BOy! So try me if U Wont!!
In CHHE news, 80 6th graders are coming to tour the exhibit and hear from Conrad, a local survivor, tomorrow!
it is seriously tasty. Brand new place a few blocks from my house.
labelmates #ADayToRemember are leaving Victory, whats next for you guys? and when the hell are you playing MN again?
Angela you're here @ FFW? Sorry I didn't see you. Thanks for tweeting the panel pic!
Check out this years newly released #Knightfdn survey on the Future of the First Amendment #firstamendment at www.knightfoundation.org
Bean suggests you for Thursday's luncheon Taste and Tweet at Bin on the Lake (Carillon Pt). Let me know if it works for you
New blog on the way.... Don't forget to call us ! 5866630054
RIP Christopher Hitchens. Guy could be a dick, but he sure was intelligent about it.
Thanks for the insight!
Someone needs to get a pair of pants that fit for the next dance...
Looking toward 2012, let's strive to engage in 1 activity that allows us to peer outside the bubble we sometimes live in. Peace.
Do you have Adam Chapman's email? Could you DM or email me it?
grayish shorts???
Helping my parents pack for L.A.. Man I hate when they leave me
Quickest way to lose ya life is bring my fckin child up
Punk'd was a little too easy to predict but now with rotating hosts... Interesting :)
I'm going to eat now sincerely *christina the cuban*
#MyBiggestProblem is people who need help, and go to the WRONG people and then don't get the help they need. :( You should call us :)
#ShortSale Searching! I have the plan all set up*Call me for details* http:www.laurengardiner.com
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
words hurt more then guns (pun intended)
I wanna be somebody's princess.. ): LMAO jk, i'm my daddy's princess <3
I'm in a party of 5 how many you got
Pushed some new images out to my Facebook Fan Page (BrandonPhotos). I push some to yfrog once I get a chance.
trying not to fall in love with the dude wearing ed hardy and shutter shades
good :D
No doubt.
Fun seeing you at Mark's place (happy weekend)
point wasn't that most people have. That there are people that have you wouldn't expect. Access to internet is key though
that was just hurtful I don't know how to take that...jerk.
Cadbury Cream Eggs are shrinking, right? Probably for the best cause i'll be inhaling them! Happy Easter Bunnies!!!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Is that your real hair" Duh, why wouldn't it.
Happy Birthday to Mom!!!
Thanks for the RT.
Ready to hang out with and son! :)
I just smashed into it myself. RT : Hello, metaphorical brick wall. Right on time, I see.
I'm thinking has another Twitter account, for which he uses an alias. Wish I knew it.
At Junior Seau's church, New Venture Christian Fellowship, in Oceanside. Today members remember Junior. More
follow back(:
giving testimony #Annapolis statehouse for HB457 #transportation #job training bill
RT : #PaycheckFairnessAct – first passed in1963.Penalizes companies discriminating against women. GOP blocking it.>>Fighting it!
Happy Birthday fellow Taurus! RT So thankful God allowed me to see another year. Happy birthday to me <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Social signals are the new links. - Jay Berkowitz
Thank you Tony Hsieh for reading my e-mail....Zappos rules! I was really looking forward to being homeless for a day.
I think a lot but don't say much.
Some girl on fb just said she would've never thought Snooki would get pregnant.
when is the camp?
Thanks for the support!
what do you care..a bit jealous huh?
Im still hyped on SWEED, and im hyped on Eric Greenwood! but Sweed is on thin ice in August!
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
send me an email with your details on and I will call you to discuss options.
Quote of the Day: Live well, laugh often and love with all of your heart!
Green Lantern was like an abusive relationship. When it was good it was damn good but most of the time it was hurting me
I hope not!
It is not the age, it is the infiniti. People really buy those?
Day of Promotion tomorrow. Send me anything tomorrow & I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever. Promotion Day from #WubOneOut !
Indies - The Sentimental Engine Slayer, Ilegales and The Dry Land with special guest Ryan Piers Williams.
Yes! Please call me if you need me. I am accessible and can help!!!
I'm so tired of seeing so many tweets about one direction! I don't care!
Temperature in the newsroom feels like dropped 10 degrees in the last hour. Would you rather have it too hot or too cold where you work?
The big10 is full of pit bull, lock you down defensive teams. Nobody looks to be having much fun against them in NC games.
Some great Native American wisdom there.
Rock the Red! Go Caps!!
6/22- Outdoor Divas, Outward Bound, and Savory Spice are all teaming up to teach you a little something about Cooking in the Outdoors...
CMT music videos makes my morning 100x better. Especially when Brantley comes on ;P
It's going well so far Terry. Just strange to suddenly have new blood relatives. Staring matches trying to see ourselves
Blue Sand Design wants to thank our heroes for their sacrifice. Happy Veterans Day!
Cant Wait For The New ! I Love Seeing Ari in "Cat" Form! :D xx
<- stoop kid
": Looking for a better job? If so you can be your own boss and..." I demand a blowing job then we'll talk
Did you know that you can actually call 991 in an emergency? You can also call 919, 191, or any other combination of 9, 1, and 1.
Rich of the world: Give back 20 x more than you EVER take from society. Give ti all back. Follow Buffett and Gates.
Like to design? Want to make money? Join us, www.brandninjas.com
Im so in love with them and they dont even know it..
Its going down TONIGHT!!!! The Boro Bar and Grill!!!!! Show starts at 9!!!!!!!!!
Give us a holler! I am sure the folks won't mind going a bit further. They are maniacs!
At a The English Beat show. There is nothing funny about how many sore hips there are going to be tomorrow.
My phone autocorrects "chyea" to "chyeaaaa!" Living the dream, guys.
:) Good to know.
I don't understand why girls with no tattoos get one behind their ear.
I just heard something so funny that tells you how old I am "Send a Self-Addressed Stamped Envelope." ;)
really?! good <3
Great advice. I'm still learning. More pirate then princess, but I'm trying.
Made 2 sales today...I am no longer the ryan of my office
I'm so informative. lol!
yes sir, I was born the same day as Elvis Presley
Im off to dollywood
Thanks Omar - likewise!
Factory in Philly wit seeing a nice nite out
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers dropped.
RT : You were my everything, I was your nothing."
He has faced constant double teams and still been the only reason they even remained competitive in Games 2 and 3.
skip them, if request isn't clear, imagine what the project process might look like! take it as a sign...
thats why I said next time x)
Thanks for sharing - I like 'Let's Tie the Knot'
Justin beiber get out of here.
I MOVED to maryland
#that1friend who is always the quickest and loudest to yell shotgun but is the quietest whenever we get anywhere near a gas station...
Happy Birthday!(: Have A Good One I Love You!
I'm horrible! :(
Why am I starting to get sick??! Hello its May NOT January! :(
Anybody else being mysteriously removed as admin from their Pages?
What you doing
Why do ppl wear sunglasses when it's overcast and rainy
Staying Positive :)
bro my bad i forgot about our plans today.
Early morning trip to Sac for meetings then its off to visit the inlaws for a long weekend.
e l i got a sexy car
and that's how rumors start fml
Thanks to all of our new followers
you all for your sacrifice's!! Hope to have some new material on our website this week. Let you all see what we have been up to.
Wishing everyone a terrific Tuesday!! A bit busy today as I am playing catch up from taking Friday and Monday off.
talked to gregory sierra tday, appeared briefly in other side of the wind. 1/2 my childhood was spent watching him on brnymiller/sanfordson
Lmao I see you girl. Tryna get a man with money saying you pregnant AGAIN lmfao OKAY THEN.
We already know it's going down at the best Happy Hour in history!!
The retreat was so fun<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Sad moment when things, feelings, or people change when you least expect them to.
The purpose of all the major religious traditions is not to construct big temples on the outside,
They just never know what they had until I'm gone.
Heard you be going off the head?? You dont need paper!!
Sorry we don't. Are you looking for a few hotels? We know a few good spots!
Just grabbed Sergio Romo in my fantasy league because Brian Wilson is done for the year.
i dont know, i just wanted to...my bad
nah, you were just walking around with Cantor, looking Viesy.
Yess! I keep eyeing that pink house, I want to party there
Great job everyone! RT : It is OFFICIAL! As of 5pm, Oscar's - Beef, Booze & Broads is OPEN!
Been waiting 7 years for stronger ban. 1st one passed a few months after my wife died. Let's get it done! Thx.
the weather is nice right now in Florida, enjoy #funinthesun :)
How about going into hiring a real Customer Support dpt again. U switched CM to Marketing last year.
follow and please :D x74
Feeling so inspired :)
Finally at dentist's office. Let's hope my nightmare ends here shortly.
I have enjoyed eggplant Parmesan but I could probably do without the eggplant part.
The memories that you select- you keep the bad but the good you just forget.
Good morning Oklahoma
Im really afraid that my sister is going to have a miss carriage because of her epilepsy (not the bitchy one, the sister i actually like)
Any chance you could RT some of your wonderful followers to follow me! can't catch up to u but it would help! 1 day left GCSSC
"ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber x"
what kind of book are you reading?
Im on dat yoga short status dat white girl status
i have the best man ever!!!! he surprised me with him coming home earlier then he said he would!!!!!!!! ah i love him
Just bought my groceries and feel so proud of how I shop and eat. Everything is healthy. Well, not the cutting board. On Sale!
": Just saw a 69 year old man Tebow at mid court. #ilovethisgame" That's awesome, Seniorgee is the best...better, sorry girls
I keep getting the "throttled" message telling me to check back later. How much later?
I never got it!
um you guys aren't talking about the schticky, are you?! WANT!!!!! Plus the informercial's mug shot scene is redic..
so true
thanks! kinda freaked when we learned a lot of stuff is already booked 1+year in advance ;) How are the 'hotel rooms' at CiC?
:Really mine has been frozen in time lol...Need some friends friend bahahaha!
I Couldn't Even Answer Her Questions Cause I Was So Mad And Kept Shaking!
. okay fine. it is quite delicious!
And here are your Pittsburgh Succos.
Guess the winner of the Aussie open is the one who can grunt/shriek the loudest
I was all you want a response? Well, congrats, you harassed me into responding. Now we're friends?
It's a great day!
caution - watch your behind!
What you thought about sugar is a lie! Learn about one of the most prevalent things found in just about everything you eat, click here...
Did that just happen ;) ItsBeenAStrangeMorning
Thanks so much! Your opinion means a lot to us. We hope you'll be just as happy with the rest of our project.
hahaha yes! But who will film us?
I feel you.However once you get up to a certain point, it's all about constant growth.You have to catch up before you can pass.
right on bro!!!!
My /Korean/ album OTL. *cries*
Using Facebook and Twitter are great ways to spread the word about your Reach the Beach fundraising campaign.
i heard you were doing some follows... follow me please!:)
Great night of learning. 5mi run w & Paleo chili dinner w & standing ovation model.
Colorado bound!!!
hey Ben, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
missing #educon this weekend and the annual trek to Philly - Twitter-view is just not an acceptable replacement
There are few companies who consistently support startups through thick and thin. For sure , Thank YOU!
It was a great reading! Not too much grand about it but a good time was had by all.
Thank you for the guitar pick in san antonio, I forgot to come and say hi. :(
No more desperate housewives :(
I was just reading 's take on education, which I'm sure would make your head explode.
Doin it now.
- You're skinny and stressed. It'll happen. P.S. everyone in the whole world can read what you write. Tweet accordingly.
you know about the June 4 Code for oakand hackathon happening in oakland-check out codeforoakland.org
Listening to music till I fall asleep . Nap time . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
am I the only one that thinks the whole concept of friends with benefits is dumb?
Hi Paul, we're working on a server but it should be up in just a few minutes, will keep you updated.
Good Morning Ficellenians, its Ficelle day #Navy Yard!
live for the nights like last night.
does make
A coloring book would be nice too.
lol i should have thought out my master plan in more detail...could have led u on a wild goose chase!
Let's go Knicks!
Cause someone said she was the Queen of Pop, then I went crazy and then there like you hate her and I'm like I just dont like
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "The Beatles? You like The Beatles? Omg, old story! Come on, you're in the 21st century!" v_v
I Don't Want Nobody To Move For 2 Mins..That's A 150 Secs....Nigga Ugly-
wow already? He's good.
KEEP THE FIGHT!
Ever wonder what it's like to have your own personal adult toy rep that can give you information about the latest toys on the market?
Look! RT : Just saw the episode. It's odd that "Princess Polly" is both hot and hideous. Hot-eous.
When I was in school, they taught us that stuff in home ec
Hold on to this emptying fullness
Sign ups coming in thick and fast for our 11am tournament, $60 gets you 5000 in tournament chips and 20 minute blind levels.
Chicken chicken milk curry beer and eggs
Just found out that I am for sure graduating on time! Yay!!
If you mean SF Bay get with #bestexecutiveproducerevah =D
Advocate Tori Kelly is hosting a Night at the Library for #pairup4pd in WA w/ Dr. Burdick from #Parkinson's
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
Nimble does inline compression for both flash and disk...
Earthquake data center is reporting it's based in LA, Looks somewhere around a 5ish, this is not confirmed.
Gotta watch my pimping I be going too hard ;)
ahh! it's happening!
great! a lil rainy on Oahu but its warm rain which makes for a fun bike ride :) howzit with u?
Follow for the latest updates on new H St spots opening soon!
i hate when i smell other ppls farts in class, but i do appreciate my own blend lol
bob errey said staal and gorgeous in the same sentence :-)
Bring #bikescore to Baltimore!
Yes. “: More brutal than MI Primary. RT : Spartans lose to Indiana 70-55 in lackluster effort.
Idk how I feel about white girls using the word "nigga" lol
Ughh....I hate my dad....he took away my phone :'(
I missed the mini analysis, what was it saying?
what one person sees as a road block is simply a detour to the determined spirit~ Be unstoppable. Make a way <3 #Reroute#
Are you protecting your business? Sometimes, the most expensive decision you make is deciding you can’t afford to speak with a lawyer.
I don't WANT I NEED. I will stay UP ALL NIGHT trying to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already#1DVD ...
WHY AM I AWAKE
i thought i saw you earlier!!! i am in denver too
I wasn't there today!
You're on.
But, no time for barfing, got a train to catch
Your welcome!
#NW - Tenacious D Live at Brixton Academy
how did u get to follow that many people? It made me stop at 2000 ): thats not far!
iim for real
Gonna watch #BADGIRLSCLUB , in a lil while
Problem with guy's n girls -> guys pretend to like you when they don't. girls pretend they don't like you when they do
IS GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND AFTER IM ON DEFF GOTTA GET HER IN THE "GOING DOWN"VIDEO
Sign on bonus! Ha--I wish! But, am hopeful---It'll be good to start working again.
I love Arby's
can you make more then one person an admin in a group?
LOL yes we will!!! And it will be low at first site! Hahahahahahaa
Exactly. The interaction % is either positive fan interaction or damage control of people bitching at them b/c they suck.
FINALLY ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!!(:
Eating at Kinoshita - Sun Jakamoto was full. So far, unexciting and disappointing. I thought Brazil was supposed to have good Japanese food!
Building a company was suppose to be easy right? No warning on he headaches the follows in tow.
haha mayday parade dear
A little Laviolette-Granato action at City versus United. #Penguins Argument over yellow cards.
DPS says blue light call box issues unexpected. Most already repaired and rest to follow Monday!
Had a great time reading "We're Going on a Lion Hunt" with at Cecil Elementary School. Awesome kids..
Time to catch up from last week. Thank god for my #DVR !!
Gov. #Perry on #CNN says "Don't Ask, Don't Tell worked fine."
actually we found that shirt on Melrose. "We're going to Melrose." :)
wow that was fast. Ur was better.nail polish, It was random. (:
uh whoa, thanks for the follow ! so is that a yes? i'm your mascot? ;)
i was headed insane the devil told me his name but he's not welcome here anymore
Guess not, no going to see fight afterall :-( O well......
Big theme emerging here at #stratcon12 is the need for better ways for practitioners of #designthinking to communicate with stakeholders.
all the time you just wasted with me could have been a blog entry
Woohoo! Do we win a prize?!
hahahaaaa, i love it!! i'm home. i'm finishing my sammwich, and making an espresso, and then knocking on yo door :)
A video production can cover a range of areas like TV commercials, business videos, personnel videos, event videos and home videos etc.
it's so true!
~ Keep your heart open for as long as you can, as wide as you can, for others and especially for yourself.~ Morrie Schwartz
Create a buyer persona based on social listening and research
maybe after you get your ghetto ish fixed.
I like it when fat girls run. My favorite hobby is probably watching overweight bitches try to run hahahahahahaha
we have several different street team assignments! Lots of promoting!
what an idiot
he puts the twit in twitter
Day 7 #SONY Service Watch and they Finally Called! Day Late $ short! Traded the Sony for a Samsung. Service MGT. failed to call on 4th.
Sacred sounds is Saturday the 21st at 830 - see you there
Getting Ready for Court Wish me Luck I'm praying that It's a Good Outcome.....
I'm in homeschool.
Finishing up a second degree + 2 jobs = a suffering blog. Need to update soon!
“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” <U+2015> Paulo Coelho, Alchemist
RT : #D'Backs fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#D'Backs #Rockies)
Utah then Colorado then NYC.
they all have an amazing talent<3
#PetPeeves When I try to let kids know that I and other people like me exist, and conservatives accuse me of trying to teach kids gay sex.
um...that lady just walked to Target with her face covered in noxzema. I wonder if she knows?
Can someone suggest a good book, I just finished
We'll be on Fox 34 with Nicole Garza tomorrow morning! 6:30-9am. We're doing segments on spring fashion. Wake up and watch!
I love being back home to see all the fall colors :)
Thanks for follow, lots of good stories out there.
Will new blackberry client run on the Torch?
Does anyone have a public list of YA and/or kids librarians that I can follow?
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere
then i saw a family of bunnies and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
My Sonata for violin and harp to be premiered at the Church of the Advent in Boston on Oct 8 at 8:00 PM.
ok den
Really like how and immediately re-tweet all of the idiots who rip them on twitter.
That may quite possibly be the worst rendition of the National Anthem I have ever heard! (Including Carl Lewis)
School Tuesday ;/
Going to try and post an acoustic song so you guys can hear what we have to offer ;]
Omg Fully Charge?
On the bright side, if Duke beats UNC tonight we would still be in first place
This time I saw it and thought charitable, just, and true
I like people too much or not at all.
About to sit down at Sticky Lips while drinking the first Kind off the line. We are live here! Get your drink on.
because i never thought of him as much as i think of #sub. i've never felt this way before. there's no words to describe this one.
haha! U gon catch me one day, i promise you ^_^
thanks for the RT!
Yes and yes. Sadly. RT : would #Tryvon Martin be alive if he was white?And would the suspected killer be n jail if he was black?
Female marathon event record holder Nicole Chyr returning to defend her title!
East #Baltimore has the largest percentage of vacant homes. We are asking businesses to move into these areas...
Tomorrow is Friday. What does everyone have planned for the weekend?!?
someone hacked y'all.
absolutely! how much would you like to wager?
: RT : "Three-quarters of people find jobs through being out there, engaged and meeting people."~John A. Challenger
Norfolk, VA, right beside VA Beach. I know this is out of nowhere but it's 2 months away & I'd totally help fly you here lol
if im interested in doing illustrations for you guys..how do i go about doing that? :)
can you please follow me? im a huge fan <3
started as a dancer - found I had the hands for modeling and knew what to do with them!
Farting noises are becoming a constant thing coming out of my mouth
Not A Proctologist T-Shirt
sorry sweetie im on limit, i will when i don't hit ^^
I miss 1 & 2 RT : 3 things I wanna forget: 1) Websites on Angel-fire 2) The sound of dialup 3) the loving touches TSA agents gave me
Happy #MothersDay! We are especially grateful for Chef's mom b/c w/o her there would be no "Mommy's Meatballs"!
Haven't ate in 15 hours and #jimmyjohns is saving my life
0 fer 4 weekend. Cal, Huskies, Seahawks and my fantasy team all go down in flames. I have hit bottom very early in the season.
a couple yrs ago I could pull it off, but now??? EEK RT : i would break my neck I'm those lol
happy Wednesday to you and everyone else
I love Shonen Knife! I also like some other Japanese bands.
IT'S CRAZY THAT MY RIGHT HAND MAN #Pause AIN'T NEVER BEEN OUT OF MILWAUKEE!!!
#FF Must follow where ever you live! ->
I could never hate anyone... Especially you!!
Our weather radio is getting a workout tonight.
Gonna hit the shop after work and get me a much needed haircut
we're eating dinner first & i will have wings there Jeff might pass on food but we're good! No worries. Thanks for looking after us
I just got lucky. lol
I need new people to text with. Haha
In one of those moods where I'm laying in my bed crying, and I don't even know why.
wish I were at your pre-conference. going to the airport soon.I'll read all the tweets on the plane..
love love loved this weeks episode of The Secret Circle !!! watched with
did you like the free cd?
Thank you Mary!! RT : Met amazing Dawn Peters last night at book party: beautiful and smart!
Happy New Year!
Today our company takes the giant leap into Cloud Computing and Electronic Medical Records (EMR). We have been wedded to paper for years!
so happy today thanks to you :)
Dick Clark passed away today at the age of 82 from a heart attack in L.A.
you're sharing of wisdom has strengthened mankind grasshopper, thanks for RT
Aww thanks. Alex and I really need to write a paper together one of these days.
no reply?
in Houston tomorrow if you want to grab a coffee in the afternoon. I'll be downtown.
looking for a sugar daddy, any takers?!
DAMN MKG with a grown ass man move
if u say so :b
Thanks for the RT :)
Home alone, My house been empty since I came back from school. Lol I shoulda had open crib .
We can help you there! You like cookies or brownies? I don't smoke all day every day. Because sometimes I'm in an airport.
I ran 5 races in the past two days and won 4 of them. Fuck I'm tired
Any party plans for this weekend?!
Happy Birthday to a friend of mine that made yesturday...
CPAC Chicago is in a few weeks. I'm sure the campaign will be there. Hit them up. I wanna come just for the food.
yeah i DARE YOU to do a black metal ANYTHING
So i entered to win Kiss Concert tickets 20,000 times.. not kidding...
You have to sacrifice to live
i know...sorry
let's hope !
Does the sight of me wanting you, drive you crazy?<3
im home ;)
There are many more at the #DIETribes list, including , , and others! Thanks for the shout out.
Ding, ding, ding. That's the right answer!
Who do you think you are, to write on his heart?
I mean, I love John Cusack too but really? Excuse me while I go gag.
That's the only reason I can think of
Oh, no, here we go again....
Work work
Oh, interesting -- I'm reading THE UNINVITED GUESTS in a few weeks!
Are you coming to the viewing party tomorrow?
Waiting for soca :)
haha! Thank you! And yes you absolutely CAN have my autograph daaahhling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
in la homie you around or Dallas?
eating this muffin like a straight boy
we understand good quality service is hard to find but we can come that way with a added trip charge...:)
Enjoyed celebrating the 40th anniversary of the ERA! What a way to re-energize our movement for passage!
These days I'm more moody than Hank.
where can I watch the BRITS?? :))
My waitress is just way too akward.... I want to help her! Everything she does just fails... poor thing lol
Sometimes I feel like nobody really cares.
We can't root for either team in this one... GO BAY AREA! /
I hope Louis' surprise visit helped you ace your exam today! :)
Truly the Fort Worth way to celebrate, IMO.
Tryna keep my eyes open...
How can we get a satellite location open in Gwinnett County, GA? We would love access to the resources in the other. Thanks.
thanks for the plug! :-D
I only know my mom's side! My dads side is in Cuba!
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for This week's newsletter has details.
Was dwelling on how somebody I know is kinda dumb, and then I walked off with the wrong grocery cart for the second time recently.
SnOod of thd day: afternoon recording session on a ravin on the console....
Christmas movies are the best . :)
Just witnessed a man slurping up the side of a nyc subway trash can...w his tongue. What? Yep.
Why is everyone so fat
Thanks for calling me ugly, Mom . But you should know I'm not a mirror reflection of you .
Beware of the superficial #'s Jay. Nearly 7MM Americans are looking for work (a record high) and most have dropped off the radar
Have you seen this kind of research before? Perhaps a similar language formula will work for books...hmm.
I canceled my gym membership. It doesn't make sense to me to consume energy to expend energy. (cycling and running mostly these days)
Urgh. So full! And sleepy now... yawn.
Whats up everyone!!?
Just finished dropping off the items we collected to send to Haiti. It feels good to give back!
MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS
nopes, but in one of my creative writing classes there was kid who ALWAYS talked about it. Fantasy meets Stephen King? baller.
Next 3 days are going to be cray
hey sweetheart how are you?
"Don't underestimate the importance of personality" and other tips on choosing an architect
My fav show #Awkward is on
she to damn LIVE.. I know she be havin yo ass Rollin!
Thanks, NPR! I had no idea what electronic music was.
lol no. Sarcasm son
updateing my art www.valeriebrownart.com check out it sweethearts and sign on to my VIP list for updates
omg hey green ass
u djing all weekend
WHIPPING OUT THE NEW HEADSHOTS IN JUST A WEEK OR SO!
Dying to go to the gym today. Must resist. Going to see a matinee with my mother.
Soup's on at Lotties: havest veggie rice and potato bacon.
People are freakin weird
It depends on if i wanna travel to pgh 2 wks in a row… thanks for the support do IT!!!!!!!!!!
RT if: someone has ever told you they loved you. and then left like it was nothing.
oh.u got so weed
awful night :( had to get my mom and rush her to the hospital. Just got back.hopefully everything's ok. don't know what i'd do without her.
Thanks for the love Twitter fam. Have a great week! Joo and Jae.
Alex Honnald is Spiderman sans pajamas. (Watch him on 60 Minutes.)
imitate his work ethic. You WON'T be stopped.
Does blocking a number stop iMessage too?
I'm on of them. I may be a vegetarian but I'm not crazy!
Please contact with your code and errors. We can help you out!
I could use your help... painting my daughter's room for her 3rd birthday!
He's the king of talents that nobody wants.
Charlotte Roofing Specialists Launches Re-Designed Website
She tweet ha shyyt but she dnt text me:/
I miss mommuh
yes it is alot of work!
yeah, I am loving Monday too woo woo
Boy"How do five guys walk? One Direction!" Me"I've heard this a thousand times, nice try! AND I KNOW. THEIR SO GAY!" Boy"...what?"
Twitter is the only place where it's cool to be a follower...
i'm part of #TeamBigBody what you mean?! lol
I think they were optimistic w/weather forecast. It's been cool & foggy all day. Wonder what tomorrow will bring?
TYVM I love FLOTUS! So lucky to have met her&we had a special connection that night. Wish everyone could met her
Haha, well that's pretty much only option these days... although I'll forever be a fans.
You ROCK dude!!!! MWAH
oh god, you know your tweets seriously make me depressed! Lol
Congrats to our brand new Babyfoods JOANNA DEAROLF & YEAN DO! We've only had them for a few days and we're already obsessed with them. /te
Most definitely...I have a perfect area.
Reasons to love my roommate: random obscure quotes from Fifth Element: "Aziz, light!"
yep! See u Thursday maybe?
Sunday at Main Street Church-81 W. Main St.-Peru, IN... Finding God In Finding Nemo: "Just Keep Swimming" Services at 8 & 10:30AM...Join us
Same here I just luv the part when they all had paint and was parting she lloked so cute I want to hug her
I do not minecraft.
“: damn you I hope your computer crashes” I'll send it to you tomorrow, don't have it here
It's a great night for big band jazz at the IU MAC!
Employee stock purchases can be a great deal BUT make sure you plan for the holding period.
My sister brought this particular beast home with her from Switzerland, but generally I agree with you.
Needs to start paying my rent to the library
Countdown to 1st pitch at Miller Park is 70-hours and 39-minutes. Defending NL Central Champs opening with Yo.
Tonight has reminded me of the pure brilliance of and Hot Fuzz
Man, best to not get on her "Bad Side!" LOL
Home stretch! Our attendees are ready for our final keynote: Dueling Perspectives on Elections w/ Karl Rove & James Carville.
Show us your independent artists!
Saw "Chronical" the other day... REally enjoyed the honest look at what Super Powers would do if thrust upon someone!
Love it! I'm anxiously awaiting "Push Play"
now speaking, on the panel at / Future of #Publishing <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
Final days of the half-price sale! Stop in to check it out.
how long are carbon cashouts taking?
Happy Monday! Where did u dance this weekend?
Really, can I feel them?
Is stunned by the beauty of the coastline along the 101. Thank you for not building houses along the water blocking the view of the 101
Come into the store today after 6:30 p.m. and guess the weight of your frozen yogurt within 1/2 an oz and receive 50% off!
def interested! Shoot me an email to !!
lol i still remember how unfollowed me. -.-
New sheets! So soft, so wonderful. So going to bed early. Hoping to make it a wonderful Wednesday.
what you on tomorrow berto
I guess I'll have to create a Tumblr page now that Beyonce has one....
well aren't you the coolest guy. -__- hahaha
what a better world if everyone followed that advice.
just at the gym getting my SWAGGER on!
I look at life as a gift of God. Now that he wants it back I have no right to complain.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired
Ok, the #coachellalive stream is pretty freakin sweet.
Phew, thought that Roger Sterling was about to come out during "My Old Kentucky Home."
I think I drank enough for a whole year last night!
Indy is the place to be!
Less Harley Quinn's this year I think.
I want some chicken rings rings rings rings rings rings rings. (Future voice)
For the next five days, I'll be living vicariously through as she frolics around
Happy Birthday ! Have a great one!
According to , the top influencers about Affiliate Marketing are , and Check it out!
lol, how would it be. Hip Hop has never openly embraced that part of our community in such a way...
Every time we kiss i swear i can fly. I can't let you go!
That's a charge!
Hey so are we!
got into it with carlos
When I see Ellen give a car to a deserving family, I tear up. Then I think about the taxes they have to pay on it....
Trying to limit the discractions today. Lots to do, gotta get it done
A reminder that our partners at Ride For Dime need volunteers for their event in Tampa on 3/31. Please help them out if ur in the area! Thx!
Craving a kick ass workout:)
If you guys are wondering about the "unfollowing" We just wanted to get our music out to you guys---(next tweet)
is killing this set #salute got me crunk headed to the studio
cuse u in the PIttsburgh TO TAKE THE PSSA I NO CUZE IM IN THE BURGH
Follow back?
yeah I wanted to teach yoga. I took 4 semesters of it.
Always intend your puns!!
Happy Easter everyone<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>he has risen!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Squid Attack appearing tonight at the Hawthorne Burgerville!
#nowplaying Quit Playing Games (With My Heart), Backstreet Boys
That's not too tall for me. Not sure what Rachel is talking about.
i lovveee it!
Amen to that. Next time for sure!
:O WHY NOT!!xx
adorable mash baby! Aw.
Still using the same salon services ? TSSK TSSK! HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE & THE BIGGEST $$ MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS! WWW.DRWIGGYS.COM
jesus christ im done
Happy Friday all! Getting excited for our big LifeVantage meeting in Chicago tomorrow! If you'll be in that area Sat. morning, join me!
OMG, that sounds awesome! I may have to record this too!
We're looking great for tonight! Come join us #Chicago!!!
(>.<) Noo not like little big planet... I can't stand that game. Plus that's handicraft artwork, not cel-shaded.
Are you at #ImagineRIT today? What has been your favorite exhibit so far?
Thank you! :)
Just cleaned my apartment. Not going back until someone visits.
A couple years ago I saw a museum collections site that had a slider to hide or show more info / metadata. Right? Who made that?
thinks it's crazy that Craddick is actually for realz out!!! Wow.
You're the best...sorry there is no joy tonight. You always find humor in the absurd, don't lose it now.
Nobody looks back on their lives and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep. Keep doin you!
Hooray! Major props to the Gambs!
hurry yo ass up.
So instead i talk to people who know what it is like to hurt but in the end it just leaves me more confused and annoyed with the world
Join the conversation about mLearnCon Conference & Expo; add the hashtag #mLearnCon to your tweets.
Here's my esteem "reality check". Running on Alki 2 days after my 37th bday, 100 yds into it I pull a leg muscle.
Mullet tee's are rocking my world.
*very* thought-provoking talk about primo's research into what relevance means. c4l12
I won't be watching those shitty awards being handed out to undeserving dookietits
love you bebe<3 keep ya head up
I'll think about it. It would be more fun to go w/someone. Don't know if I could convince anyone here in Indy to go.
So excited for mothers dayy.
Lol my first day at miami jackson sr high and des boys and hoes/teachers sneakdissing aready
You're So SEXY!!
WHAT IS THE TEST TIM?! I WANT TO PASS!!
It sure is!
hey Zach :)
Running late to today's show..... Ugh.
Am I the only one not surprised to see Gingrich call on other candidates to drop out? He did lose to Santorum in Iowa and NH. Dude is nuts
thank you so much for following me! i feel so loved!
Ted Nugent: Bearing Arms, Cranking Up the Controversy
Dymo showed her camel toe an que sai look at that fat cat
"Has finally come to terms with the fact that, as much as she tries to fight it...she is in fact a hopeless romantic." Dec '09 .. I give up.
not liking this gloomy weather
Luv that area! Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!
MADISON FOLLOWED ME!!
how's it going
Me too...its already bringing in estimate requests, so far, so good!
Hoping Lynn's recovery goes perfect! listening to "taking Bob Dylan" at the moment:) Great muse for the music;) enjoy ur day!
In class stupid hungry!
Mystery red freckles? Burst blood vessles from throwing up. Thanks, illness, for screwing with my skin in addition to my body.
of course i know your: on tumblr, youtube, listening to music, eating something sweet, twitter and drawing maybe
New sound system + St. Vincent at First Avenue... As a general rule I don't swear on Twitter but DAMN!!!!!
... my dad caught me getting home at 4 a.m. Welp, he's definitely upset. I would've been fine if my dog didn't bark like crazy. Goodnight.
It's a gorgeous Sunday morning. Don't miss it!!
" i hope she gets ghadaffied by freddy krueger."
We got this Wednesday. Now I just need her for
Thanks for the follow Joey. Liked the interview with Starr on Road to Hell. Going to buy Movie Script in 21 days because of it.
shoutout to my loyal followers i preicate you guys and gals for showings love.. much love back :-*
Would Biden have to resign? OR! Obama can run for pres with Clinton as VP. That might be the best route if they're considering it.
OH: It's funny, honey. It's a meme.
#ThingsJDshouldSay That cat PLEX from N.O. who helped all them ppl in Hurricane Katrina is a helluva songwriter. Let me sign him!
Blinkbid is good sftware. Getting ready to invoice a couple jobs with it now.
dude that same number called me like 5 times. It is so annoying.
i'm so lame- i make jokes at what i say -___-' haha xD
Anyone coming to Ultra this weekend ?
God is in the rain.
please follow me i love you :)
Hot Dogs 1Pm, support the homeless!
getting the hang of this twitter thing...
So ends the season, and so begins Playoffs! Join us for all the playoff action!!
Dante talks about last week's workshop at UCLA in McDonald's Intermediate Cinematography and the pleasure of teaching
Thank you! I'm going to get you the pictures today.
yay, the blackhawks won! now the entire city can stop pretending they know that hockey's a professional sport!
What's up?
Congrats to Laura Schaefer for the answer to--What starts with "t" ends with "t" and is filled with "t"? ..a TEAPOT
too bad for her. Baby racoon is DELICIOUS.
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs. train accident on US-151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED. All NB and SB lanes are now open.
People who follow on twitter end most of their posts with "you guys," you guys.
“If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs”
what would I do without you...thanks!
Kickball Team Canada rocked another Theme at kickball this week. Man, they are the coolest.
Get on #INSTAGRAM with us!! #ANDROID AND #IPHONE WERKINNNNNNNN!!
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
About to gauge my eyeballs out RT : This headache i got from being outside.
I hope so cause she ain't right
good morning!
I just want Birthday tweet PLEASE?? I've been wanting this all day! <3
Proud to be one of the 21 million beliebers(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
well done!
photos and videos will be up on the site and Facebook probably early tomorrow, they came out amazing!
Thank you for finding us on Twitter! The shelter animals you added to your website around the holidays are adorable!
I prepare meat free about 3 times a week
I need to stop watching 's Boyfriend video. Seriously.
Breakfast at 130 pm. Yeah I think so.
Okay? ": weekend! i needed this."
Music Group laying down Nation Time Dino got the brothers sounding superbly melodic
In the spirit of minimalism my personal hygiene products have been reduced to olive oil and baking soda.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Our own from Stryper is performing tonight with his band "Bloodgood" at The Glass House in Pomona CA. 8pm!
I wonder what its like to be a ginger.
what's up!?
watching now
zionsville stucco contractors, zionsville stucco restoration, zionsville stucco repair, stucco contractors zionsville indiana stucco, eifs
undressing your partner burns about 8 to 10 calories
They tell me I'm da Shiz, I'm like.."Duhh." - Mac Miller(:
Enjoying my night....
yea i know what u mean... that shit may be long gone lol... that more of the mad rapper shit... i aint mad no more
the feeling when your almost done with a paper you have to write is the best feeling ever.
BRO, IM GONNA HURT YOU.
Yep! That's giving his progressive #mobile strategy talk that we also heard at
Just came to mind, I got my drivers license 20 years ago today.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful parents. Today they celebrated 63yrs of love & happiness. What a celebration in Heaven that must have been
Join us tomorrow at the Revivals San Diego grand opening at 5:30pm alongside Councilmember Todd Gloria! 1644 University Ave (at Center St).
Thing is, I don't see them quickly instacorrecting the same way Nintendo did last year.
Nerdy glasses make a guy look so much more sophisticated.
I just lost my hero my Dad 3 weeks ago, he was 84.
If you think Bill made his billions from all the gates he made at his factory you might be a digital redneck!.
Bass guitar samples from Morricone "Il Gatto a Nove Code" & Miles Davis "Tribute to Jack Johnson"
Country is by far the most honest music ever.
my thoughts exactly hahaha
... of pregnancy in the realm of the woman's psychologic makeup. Robertson, 16 in a study of 100 pregnancies found that there was frequently
fresh bread w/ crusty outside and chewy middle fresh toppings and the right meat and cheese combo
Woo! RT : pulling in the first place award for best series/documentary! That's my friend!!
Experience is something you get when you are expecting something else
hey this is robert check out pauls background image,(; i hooked it up!(;
Panelist on telecon said if I went to Venus, I'd be "crushed, incinerated & suffocated." Not a great vacation destination.
Amazing! hope your pool has a big pot. RT : I still have all final four teams and six of my elite eight teams!
haha. You noticed huh
screw those douchebags, I love tie die, And I'm wearing it now as well. Tie die is a much prettier color then jealousy. We win.
the opening credits. Lol. I think I was being overly ambitious by suggesting we watch a movie.
what what
omg! Can I buy one of the turquoise mason jars from you? I've wanting one of those to use for dish soap. :-)
and Xavier players gave clinic in what NOT to say at presser
Yes, I have a softball "team meeting" tonight so we can go over the rules (and sit on the porch & drink beers & eat pizza). So adult.
what the fuck is this shit
we"re excited for you guys!
Thinking of going on an adventure. Just driving somewhere and seeing where it leads.
Huh...maybe out of curiosity I'll punch up the video of the tea party rally earlier today in Madis....Z
no no
Red Solo Cup time! First 5 people to tell me Drewski's top 3 Hot Messes of the week get on the list!
come tonight
Wrapping for the day with Haifa and Ricardo's episode. Episode ! is looking very exciting! Watch this space!
It is stark madness To feel claustrophobia In this universe.
At #BuffaloWildWings with some friends!!! and more!
Why do birds aways have to shit on my truck right after I wash it?!?!? #fuckingbirdsassholes!
Welcome to Twitter, my love! I've tweeted about you, ; now I can finally tweet TO you!
My pal went to India to find himself and when he got back, he lost everyone else.
Wyoming fuckin sucks
thinking about how far some of my friends have fallen (iPhone?!)
We would never do that! :)
Just saw this & thanks to Holding down the fort for marketing department while everyone is away
School just needs to be over already
TGIF! Only a few more days until the semester is over .....
Drunk promises......
Let's go #Bearcats!!
All-u-can-eat pancakes just $3.99 tomorrow (6-11) at Gus's Diner or Northside Cafe. Bring in ad from today's WSJ sports section.
Skol Vikes Mr.Harvin and happy vday, can THE biggest vikes fan on the East coast get a RT?
I am close to doing the same. Need to finish a few books first. Used copies are probably cheap right?
It is a wise father that knows his own child ~ William Shakespeare
shit nm just been workin and going to school
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is more like a community event. Come hungry & leave smiley. Haha, you thought I was going to write "happy."
is a self-reported wizard with a frying pan
RT The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart, head & hands ~ Robert M. Pirsig
Smallest press pit alleyway
we missed you! Please never miss brunch again.
"[T]he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading" - C. C. Williamson, 1918
Kia... stop trying to ruin my happiness. JENNY FORGIVES ME.
I'm so heavy...heavy..heavy in your arms
- Great interview on SiriusXM NFL Network this morning!
Out of $600 mega at FOxwoods. Lost half stack to river 2 outer. Then the rest to a river 3 outer. Watching / coaching buddy now in same tr
funny bc were about to watch The Dark Knight.
The reinvention is coming, prepare yourselves.... 08.01.2011
If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all. ~Pearl S. Buck
sent a friend request from don't want b Spam just FYI #pagercodes pic REO Enter
I'm so ready to be done
Detroit has so many talented people! Why are people sleeping on us!!!!
Today I realized I be illling ;)
aw thank you. It was absolutely worth the trip deep into Cobain Country (Raymond WA, south of Aberdeen) to get Kira.
This reminds me of the 96' Team USA exhibition @ AWA right before Barkley was traded. Crowd chanted Charles Barkley 4 last 5 minutes of game
Get on Facebook for like two seconds por favor! (:
I'm all for wearing girls clothes and shit but thats TOO far.
Many tired people use their laptops as a pillow and fall asleep on it!
Leaving the reception had fun but not too much...going home...reading watching family guy and sleeping until the morning
Damn Hotterr den a mf out there
lol. Soo watcha Doing? We Need To Hang Out Sometime This Week!
Members of SAG - be sure to submit your vote on the SAG/AFTRA merger by 3/30!
Just saw a German Shepard pulling two rollerbladers. It got a little tricky for them when the dog wanted to say "hi".
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience
Oh it's no problem at all! I totally forgot anyway. Thanks for letting me know though.
Thanks for reaching out! Great music! I want more.
That's tonight too?? Have fun! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Today's ambulance-chaser law firm mail count = 9.
I meant did u *talk to him
Late night run to WaffleHouse!
“: in Katy” Already! You down the street ;) I spoke too soon Thunder just made it's presence! News said done by 7p
I'm sorry. :( I can tweet you a pic of my evil Shih Tzu, if that will make you smile....
Love it! RT : This subway >>>>> yes GOD hunty!
Lets go indians!
lol. I don't really be on here like that. U right tho I need to step my game up and use it more often.
Cell phones used as a home school connection for class information could be helpful and fast. Great ideas
Back from bellingham tired of stupidity
definitely! Getting intro'd but it'll be fun to do coffee breaks even down here
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself- Ella Maillart
Want to go on Skype with ? Email and let me know why!
Let it burn, Let it burn, Let it buuuuuurrrrrn!
hey & I think y'all should come to the mall in Austin just because im going :)
when you learn something creative it is about imitation, repetition then innovation
thanks #groupon i will be getting a 50 min massage at Pileggi on the Square for 40 bucks... winning
up with sick baby marí
Is today Children's day in US too?
None of it sounds good to me. Then again, I listen to Justin Bieber. :x
Same here. I used to watch it and just cry.
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
I'm going to really be freaked out when pizza shows up to my door!
love the "¤" in your description :D hehe
Congrats Octavia!!!! So deserved...as is the standing ovation!
"Landing pages" are still possible with the new Facebook Timeline. Requires a unique URL.
Look for the silver lining.
I just want to say HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYS to my mum (:
#worstmovietitles "My Big Fat Greek Dick", "Alabama Jones and the Busty Crusade" -John Reul
Damn you did me dirty *falls down*...Fuck it, life is going on still *Gets back up*
shoutout for me please.
FRiEND? :(..and shid nun! Whas up wit it?
thank ya
What restaurant are you at?
quiet. I have a lot of strongly worded emails to hand write.
Going to the movies with Corey and Dad.
I'm doing a skype interview today for Geek Tragedy 4 my Robotech role as Minmei. This should be fun. They want me to sing! That's scary
Nice to see you as well, Bruce. Great speech!
The music for this year's Marching Band show >>>>>>
email i just got: a beautiful married woman on fb cheaters wants you! ...uh...what?
A great morning to go kill this test!!!
Two moments that will never be forgotten: The first time u said" I Luv U <3" && the first time u said " Its Over :("
Hanging out with my roomate today...she is so awesome!!
#FavoriteSong "Don't leave her (If you can't let her go)" by Chris Young <3
coolest pool table we'd like to play on!
In that case I say do it your way and don't worry about them
RT the funny part isn't that cnn covered an empty hot air balloon for almost two hours. its that they're STILL covering it
Ya I think it's new. I've just started using the web app (not on Android yet)
I don't like them, but your column made me like the fact they're there. RT : My column about Carmel's public art statues....
#il2011 blue ftw
LIVE #TREND (last 15 min): #MOST WANTED #KEYWORD #Come pues on page 314
Your a Bipolar mess
When we get live ill give u my PSn cuz without it i cant check and i forgot it..its my bros haha
Everybody loves eminem
I need to stop cooking and go to bed, I have a 5 AM workout...
I've recently shifted the focus of my life goals, with priority one being: To one day become a big-ass gorilla on turntable.fm.
you should just text me
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
In your in the Bay Area, The Chinese New Year Parade is tomorrow at 5:15pm. It's the biggest one in the world (outside of China).
And Spurs beat Clippers. RT : David Stern's worst nightmare: Thunder beat Lakers, Sixers beat Celtics, Pacers beat Heat.
finishing up some exploratory research for comm law then off to bed. been a busy day today.
What about "Twilight?"
"Wait, the Olympics are this summer? In London?" -my husband, who lives under a rock
Actually made me think
Shut down bitches in court. Check. Wedding. Check. Happy birthday to me. Check. Now lets finish making my movie!!!
That's what we do dawg!
Damn..I was looking forward to catching a glimpse of my future husband today or tomorrow :(
With in class (:
80 cupcakes done 40 more to go n the a.m. (all the same flavor) ...no .probbb!
::laughs:: Well can you pass me the dead fetus?... er.. gravy? (old southpark.. forgot how much fun it is)
yes!!! We sure learned our lesson
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Fortune favors the brave – Virgil.
i am this year. Still mapping out shows but looking at california, alabama, washington Dc n a few other places.
Going to overtime at RIT
Haha I expect nothing less. I'm just more pumped for baseball, in general, than I usually am. But I've never been to opening day.
piñata filled with lucky charms
Delicious breakfast and yummy treats in our goody bags - great way to start a conference
WHAAATT!! Packers gets punished for Saint coaches stupidity?? #NoJusticeNoPeace RT Packers' Hargrove suspended eight games bit
good shit ! Wish I really could have came .
hahahaha! we can always do that too! ;)
": Who remembers the early to mid 90s playground sensation known as "Pogs"? Having a retro moment here." I almost remember how to play!
those were the days !
beautiful sunset
you gonna learn how to cook me something?
thanks for the RT! I'm reviewing Joan Didion on Thursday ... I LOVE her.
love to laugh at it now
Google calendar is so far very dependable for me.
good. Why don't you come to my gig tomorrow??? It'll be much better than last time - am I doing this twitter thing right?
Wow. So its 2-1. RT : #Devils won tonight btw. I know you were wondering, haha.
Awesome! New Kits? New Bikes? Even more cupcakes? Long live the jackalope!
plz america tell me u voted for ABDC
I really enjoyed that saxophone solo says no one ever
Sheen Brand Bobby Sandler nice lead in to Don Rickles
I feel so technologically ept!
Who even knew Maroon 5 was a band? “: Oh did you think anyone besides Adam was gonna speak?
. Just read 's piece on Cow Clicker. Had to click "next" four times to finish it. So satisfying.
Our restaurant just passed health inspection and we can finally start moving in and training next week. Its about time!!
There's this lady at the gym that always eats muffins while she works out. Her sweat smells like fucking muffins.
Happy Birthday Brother!
I only like OKC cause their beating the Lakers. I'm not a fan tho.
*Fabolous voice* nice
Yo man. You gotta get with my guy Trust me here. Kid is sick. Hit him up and just hear what he offers.
Jack Kevorkian for White House Physician.
No freaking clue but so damn cute. It's like the Never Ending Story dog.
Fuck that noise. Winning the title on goal differential is absolute bullshit
COFFEE & CUISINE Dinner on 12/14 ft: Yorkshire Pork: house made ham, country biscuits, red eye gravy
Not necessarily. Different occurrence of events if made. RT : But Eagles win that game if clutch kicker makes those 2 FGs
Thx for the follow! We make windows affordable for everyone, so if you tweet deals on windows, we're here!
Think I'll forego Sno*Drift this year, but definitely be checking out Detroit Grand Prix #snodrift #detroitgp # becauseracecar
Thinking back, game 1 is really the only game they should have won. Two cheap goals in game 3, otherwise it could've been in 4
Hey Steve - send me a direct message with you email. I want to get in touch
It feels really odd knowing I'm going to do makeup and I don't have my client chair =\ Something tells me I should have brung it anyway
How can request a transfer just cause an Android becomes the ships captain? What kind of 24th century racist are you?
I'm on Twitter. Does this make me hip?
always enjoy the update on 106.7. Great show Rohland!
Staring at the office candy jar wondering, is willpower like a muscle? Can I strengthen it through use or will I always succumb to the m&m?
thanks for watching, Max.
what's the error? did you try googling the error first to see if anyone else has had the issue before?
RT : You know your staring at an #Aquarius when you can't look away. They are known to be very attractive individuals
I'm good and you? When are we all gonna hang out
so then he shouldn't get jealous!!
Im gunna call you when Im on my way home from class...my dad is in town so we;ve been going to concerts.. :)
RT New Orleans City Park Bikes for rent at the park till 6pm!
someone please give me the scoop on this #SOPA stuff.
where u at?
But wait! Actually, I don't instagram....pheww, I thought I was a goner there for a second. ;)
HAHAHAHAHA. that tweet made me laugh.
Just heard a song on the radio. Definitely a fan!
Hey luvies good morning :)
i caint sleep :-(
Then go to sleep!
Haha maybe not, maybe it's just that we all want to talk
Congrats on finishing the GMAT! Which business schools are you considering?
UGH. I want my headache to go away, so I don't feel like poop tonight. :(
And just like that it's official. Ya boy is FREEDOM BIRD!
better be!
Instead UW gets blame 4 perpetuating it. RT "If Knight hadn't bailed on Wisconsin job in 1968, we could be blamed for this"
RT : I just really hope the next ridiculously popular trend is boycotting jorts.
Pancakes and sangria what more could a girl want on a Friday night?!
I LOVE Campaign Week!
i just liked it and subscribed to yall.
Someone needs to do a reverse sort on the AL East standings. You know it will basically look that way in October.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':11
Officially Opens Mon. June 27, 2011. Visit our website at: www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for details into our UNIQUE SCHOOL'S AGENDA
positive thoughts get positive results
I KNOW!!! I am, too. He deserves this. American Idol is I'm just so speechless!! Yay!!! :D
u might have a million but can they hear you now?
I'd like to see fresh faces in this chat. Even if they are just 'listeners' -- at least they can get a sense of what's at the core of
Anyone at Pickles??? Impromptu night at the yard
very happy that has won a slot between DC National and SFO. Yea! Hope hours are good.
RT:: do u think was trying to say something when she mentioned how her &Emilys sons have the same hair? SMH PEOPLE CRAZY
Dude he seriously said it with a straight face—I LOL'ed so hard.
& we stuffed our faces at cicis. My kind of day :)
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
All our positive thoughts and energy to you!
Hey Love! You sleep well?
merry christmas, everyone!
I know!
That awkward moment when your boss follows you into the restroom to ask you how the meeting went -_-
SGOTY INFO in the bulletin and blog! Check it out...FULL COMP OPPORTUNITY!
I'm very fortunant to have a beautiful and special girlfriend who I can share my life and home with :)
"The food was amazing. It was so colorful! We loved the fresh veggies and salad. And they were impeccably on time! Thank you!"
OK. But like I said, it's kinda in a vacuum RT There's no difference in that respect between Indy BYU & any current MWC team
Sublime, The Shins, andFlogging Molly @ LSP for #beachball2012 just days before my birthday? Hell yes!
Online book reviewers really did not like Bodies in Code.
I love it when someone can equally arouse my intelect
You Ran Up Your Mom's Credit Card Buying Snap Backs And Your Excuse Is #YOLO ? Lol Nice
Thank you so much for the RT yesterday! Happy Tuesday!
whos been arguing on this?x
I need a recommendation for a good dry shampoo
Finished a 6 mile run Greenway, lunch , then plan on grabbing a few beers
I should go running.... But I wont.
I miss you.
it definitely flies by:(
Just had the most traumatizing experience ever involving my my phone and a dumpster!
Jake Krawze: "I have piss on both my legs, and it's not my piss."
even your bio is so unexpected
Congrats Dan & Emily! Much deserved!
RT : Motion to go to 2nd reading adopted without objection.
it's 1:30a. about time to make popcorn
If the Republicans had a debate, I wonder if anyone would notice if just Donald's hair came and was put on a chair.
Not an excuse, just trying to pseudo-rationalize thought process. U of all people know how deep sports allegiance can run.
Fuck that, someone turn me off! 28 years and I need a moment to collect all them quarters y'all been poppin in...
"It's important that we help kids IDENTIFY what their real needs are." #breakingtraditions I'm seeing that HS stdts not too diff from elem
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
My man, you will be an amazing TA for the 2012 AACB. Much love! You totally deserve it!
Can't believe how happy I am to tweet that Hart of Dixie was renewed! Didn't see that coming when I read pilot description!
TOTALLY! I'm loving that humor. Beauty is having a great sense of humor! HAHAHA.
cute smilies! have a happy tuesday! :)
good to see you back :-) we missed you!!!
It's nice to know the wettest March ever is over. In fact it'll be dry today!
Woke up with a sore throat, headache, and swollen lips? Lol WUT.
it'll just be standard. I'll get back to you on the appt. Thanks!
is a virtual company but HQ'd in Boston area. Our sites and might particularly interest you
LMAO!!! OMG!! PREACH!! Lol>>>": Makeup should look like makeup. Not powdered doughnuts."
Your twitter icon is kind of distracting these days.
The only down side is that now my coworkers think i'm more nuts than before. Lol, i'm fine with that :-) . Can't stop looking...
No you didn't RT : Only white ppl can call me Danny. All other minorities call me Daniel.
I'm trying to figure out what Auto-Tune the News will do without Katie Boo
Im waiting for CENA to start to HULK-UP
What features do you guys want next on WebCamWindow?
Heading to the studio all night
I followed(;
If that's true then I hope Larry Scott is listening: What's this I hear about Boise State to the Pac-12...
Mighty Dog & Fancy Feast are on the low end of the food chain & have addictive additives-make it hard to change pets to healthy food later!
Had a wonderful (& delicious) lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter & family!
Check out our online store for our anti aging, skin care, and sunless tanning line at www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
This entire story fills me with rage.
I smell like vodka and Mac jacobs.
I hate remembering at the last minute that I've got a conf call...only to realize that the call is on central time
no she doesn't look at her followers and who she follows
Energized after my Joyologist meeting.
Happy Holidays to all!!!
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't play suspenseful music in the backround.
that is so cold. i hope you are keeping warm!
Keep doin your thing out there ! Do it for you Angels ! We love youu so much ! #KeepitPink , ! Kisses
When I become a promotional whore I'm sure I'll start singing a different tune.
I HAVE BEEN INVITED TO VISIT BAKER COLLEGE TODAY ! YES! My 1st time in a very long time
Way to go!!! Congrats to you both
DJ cooper just hit another 3....this one from 10 feet inside the HALF COURT LINE!
siona benjamin rare jewish indian artist struggles with identity issues,artwork symbolizes passionate american yet clings to indian roots
how about ? He asked if they play the same sport. And an 8 as an athletic play?
Hey NYU undergrads, you can now view your #Phase3 - Room Selection time slot on your 2012-2013 housing application.
Big S/O to Iman Shumpert for comin through Bounce Sporting Club for
Ok will do.. Congrats lady :)
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
& Byrd are planning a Social media networking event Would you be interested in being a speaker?
ayo this yo boy too much lets make some music
If music is in your every breath, then you're singing!
ha ha! Totally forgot about pay phones!
We will try to make it out there on April 20th. Interview?
which gym was that...24 or UCI
No, but there is talk of reviving
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
At Sonics for a bit
Still chop chop chop chop....
Can't wait to see Punk'd it's gonna be DOPE !
sure, just let is know when and what would be involved! Lots of possible talks we could give.
#fldrupal started coding for a cause for this very reason. Good cause...no budget.
It's Wednesday. Happy New Comic Book Day!
Gonna be a great night then choir concert tonight:)
I really need to vent but imma stay calm, I hate this feeling
Just saw Stanton's walk-off. Wow.
Glad the #Flyers finished off the #Penguins like that. They look good w/ a dominant goal-scorer in Giroux and hot goaltender in Bryzgalov.
So excited to be at the Instructional Coaching Conference. Can't wait to share what I learn.
Getting in an argument with a woman is like being arrested, because anything you say can and will be used against you
Rolling-up your jeans so tight that your ankles went numb?
look who's on here :-)
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Sinseven, Panda & Turtle Feet along with Resident DJ XES @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.~ Cynthia Nelms
Our lightship Ambrose is currently closed to the public, but if you're at #SSSMTweetup, there's a tour going on now!
well.. There isn't even a call yet.. Soo. Not very well..
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.”
follow please (:
my momma is here with me
Duke falls to Lehigh, and "We Want Bibby" is trending.
I have good news!! I can move you in earlier if you would like!! Call me at the office tomorrow after 11am!
#FFLV time! That means go check out & especially and (just 2 of our favs)
I used to use grapefruit juice, it did seem to help.
so sorry you got eliminated as I thought you could win whole show.. Been a fan since you were on rock star inxs!!!
love yall too :)
your my rock heres my heart you place me up on a pedestal like i was a star......now God knows dreams come true i love you
In the most pain I have ever experienced
love the hat & the scruff!
I'll take my hash browns smothered, covered, chunked and peppered. #waffle haus
Gov. LePage out of Maine may be my new favorite politician.
Should we put out an Amber Alert for Zimmerman??
must abc have a commercial every 5 minutes jfc.
So, I didn't get to watch the first half of UL vs. State, but was the shot clock working?
you gonna be at taylors tonight?
if it's so black and white, why is it never called. Never seen it called before yesterday. It must happen on occasion
just followed (:
yea I do too. How's virgina goin
Vodka and lemonade watching
Hi there!
we'll settle this at practice bih
“Writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence.” -Alice Walker
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say "Thank You"!...
Can't believe tomorrow night is the last #PRSSASDSU meeting of the semester! Where did the semester go!?
Best halftime show EVER. Madonna is incredible. OK, cherub on the wire was a bit odd
I have a happy, warm and windproof boyfriend, thanks the r4 is great.
yes, media can drive ppl 1 way or another. espn can b an issue. imp for fans to "try" & make own decision.
What do you think of my new songs? www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
"DETROIT RED WINGS BOO BOO", my kids chant.
It's because i didn't have my phone...
I absolutely love Man vs. Food. I want to visit nearly every place Adam goes. Watching this show makes my mouth get all hungry.
The Cards take care of business again! Go Cards
your so mean to me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
luv idea of "social reload" but even in HD 1080 on a 45" tv the text is way too small 2 read, especially in white on blue
just friended my music teacher from 1 to 8 grades in FB, brought back many memories.
How is it 55 in California and 77 back in Indiana? The world is off.
I'm getting sick:(
Today reminds me of one of the worst things I heard Charlie Sheen say "Apocalypse Now is the greatest film ever made" It is good NOT great!
Why thank yew!
exactly (and it happens all the time)
happy b day!!!
how to open AVI. files in SONY vegas pro 11 !!!! o it makes me see red ! if smone know how pls to tell me
If there is any sign that the Caps are picking up steam as the season heads toward its conclusion
At breakfast this morning the server asked me about who I was rooting for in the Superbowl. I didn't even know it was taking place today.
lebron should have took long 3pointer! Or passed ball to SuperMan wide open under Rim! He's sprung on Wade!
aww thanks cause
If Tebow is really a Christian, then God loves him. If people think God loves him more than any other, they're idiots.
Joey Shepp (SocialVenture) thanks for the follow.
I will
Good to see you on the tweet machine!
a bartenders life comes with sacrifices :-) you can do it captain!!!!
#follow Breaking #broncos news
nah I changed my mind, wbu
there's definitely something weird going on.
Read tonight about the sanctuary side - leaning toward quiet Thursday
maybe LED grow lights
In Hampden Halloween festival, just saw a man with black-face.
I'm out already :)
It sure does feel good to be home after a long vacation. c:
Give me strength when I'm standing and faith when I fall
thx for reping KC brother! looking forward to talking soon
My lady years ago accomplished the same incredible result. I am poised between humiliation & desire each time I drop my pants!
Warmest Day for #NYC since August 8, 2011 coming our way this afternoon. Forecasting highs in the upper 80s, but not too humid!
Harry Styles Fancies Angelina Jolie But Not Madonna - Gather Celebs News Channel
Josh haters = People who were either dropped on their heads as children, have intense brain damage, or both. I don't understand them...
The Library's catalog will be unavailable starting at 7PM for about 3 hours.
These quotes are anonymous cuz of the 'racism' heat Nawrocki took for Newton comments.
i agree, Ray "slows" the offense cause' everybody plays to set him a screen when he is on the court. More impact off the bench
w00t w00t! Can't wait to work together.
hahahahahaha!!!! Almost as good as that picture of him when he fell down naked!!
Nodding along to Dashboard Confessional's "Hands Down" and getting a few dirty looks. Silly haters, don't judge my pop-punk pop-lock!
Not mass produced locally yet. However sales of it are booming in Guatemala and Serbia.
My dreams are trying to tell me something
love u
ok, bedtime.
Get to your game,
WOOT! Just move the band out here. Then we can have many more nights like last night! (minus the creep) ;P
Guess What Guyss? I Am Marrying <3
he must be good then, cause I rarely see anyone with the 3 car
The greater the test, the greater the testimony.
Get us 3,500 likes on the facebook & we will post our new video!
In other news: Polenta with beef ragout. It's what's for dinner.
Memories last more than a life time....
Drew: I wet my pants and have changed so I can do it again when Kansas loses. You with me?
That awkward moment in class when everybody is quiet and your friend and you are the only retards talking.
2mro is OPEN MIC NIGHT at Jalens! No buy in! BYOB! $5 cover 21 and up. Come sign up 4 next week! DJ SPIN running sound! Holla for info!
Me too! “: I love that you pointed out that hiring should be based on culture not just skills #smcrva”
savor it..enjoy it :) busy summer ahead
great to hear from you!.we would love 2 feature you on our success blog with a link to your website..how should we contact u?
send me a picture!
Been on a weird high since May 21st. #therapture Maybe there was something to that after all.
Love the Essential Mariah Carey! Hoping to hear new music from you soon!!!
I actually like getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, now that I have my excellent one back. I don't think I'm in fetish-land w/ it, tho.
Chillin at home #pretty good night.
Ikr im mad he didn't pick us though): smh!
wife or knife?
I love being batalie :)))))(
Tighten that D! No clean looks #letsgoheat !!!
Renew thyself completely each day; do it again, and again, and forever again.
Have a great new year and BE CHOOSEY!!
All these accusations I deny them but secretly in my heart I wish they were all true
thanks for saving Jessica - clearly viewers are not Listening- I mean really!
I still have my oyster card too! Methinks we should go back to London and crash at the Crofton haha
Applying for more jobs...I could do floral arrangement...right? I mean, I DID take that 1-credit sports&rec class about flowers once. Right?
Time for a 15 min break then back to work and I'm off thank the lord lol
I hate being hungry but nothing sounds good!
Thanks to all the new followers. In the past 24 hours we've gone from 12 to 82, and we're just getting started!
Diagnosis: sprained elbow. This thing needs to heal up perfectly before I travel. Meanwhile popping ibuprofen like
yes but its on June 13th so frustrating as its so close to the right time and a place I wanted to go when in london
the concert & hotel.
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU TEXTED ME!! & wont you get in trouble if I come, aha
That mean after Two next should hang up Falt screen plasma...lol
Most men who finally figure out women usually die early, so I remain stupid for all these years LMAO
MT "The U.S. must make things again." When you actually make things, you have jobs.
Solid...wait for it...arity
Thanks for the follow y'all! "LIKE" us on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/subcowboysband
It's finally Friday! Stoked for our show tonight in SF and tomorrow in LA with :) hit us up for tickets!
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears. Woodrow Wyatt
Sendd me a number and me and will rate youu;D
Mitt Romney says it's ok to be a gay boy scout and not a gay lover. So many dolphins died in Peru.
no. its something u said to me on fb last week.
Yes, I was there during the 3.5 year draught!
We'll be presenting with their check for winning the #SororitySwirlOff tonight at 7 at Pinkberry Magazine Street!
Yes, OCLC, of course when I searched for "Journal of Teacher Education" I actually meant "Junie B. Jones - Aloha-ha-ha" :)
hey BFF , what time ?
lol yes of course she did :) Chipotle
Hahah I know it's really early for this, but Happy Birthday Austin! Loll. (:
yea me to every1 is pasedf out drunk already
If you need a safe 8-10 points, go with Hardesty, if you think you might need more, go Torain
You can forget that with this loss tonight. Next home game, tumbleweeds will be rolling around arena
Hey #SESNY, stop by and say hello to team #SESNY booth307
No, he wanted luxury of being able to address the issue on his own but Rose brought it up sooner to help his point. low blow
Reminds me of the home disaster recovery firm SERVPRO. I want a name change but not sure about this one
let's take this to DM.
Hit a speed bump in #SOCCER already corrected the situation and won todday, the ROI on all bets in April over 70 percent now on to #MAY :-)
I heard Gene D and Zuckerberg are launching a company called twofacedbook. He beta tested with Coach Jags , record was 20-8
N/P "Welcome To H-Town" -- Ft and On The Hook
someone's gotta give..how 'bout you?
This weekend is going to be busy. <U+E40A>
I'm thinking cutting it one more time for prom then letting it grow out? Yea doe. Sounds like a plan.
Well today sucked ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
With the risk of sounding redundant I'm going to have to say it again, this March Madness is really living up to its name, whats next?
I'm attending a powerful conference in Montreal this weekend. I expect it to add a lot of power to my consulting.
- We should definitely get together and talk Philip - I'd like to get an update on BuzzLabs - we definitely need a metrics partner
Chappell's show>
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!
AW... you didn't have to, but you RT'd me!!! Thanks!
We're setting up some awesome tour dates... Where should we come next!?
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one. Sincerely, Stop being racist.
dudee that was awesome. And may I say your an amazing dancer, Hahahaha that made my life.
ARGH! My headphones broke! The left phone snapped off! This is bad news. I can't make it without headphones. Good thing it's my Friday.
The #lions are fucking terrible. Haha get smacked dick suckers. Kyle Orton is a bitch too.
Q: Are you a mac or pc crab? A: I've seen the future, and it's having other people do everything for me.
has to have the sexiest voice on earth. Oh baby. Xx
RT : RT Don't try and duck from what life throws at you, learn to catch it and throw it back
Here&#39;s what they think about you- NWA Phil Mushnick&#39;s &#39;comments ...
so excited about tomorrow! fiesta texas!! :D ..my favourite theme park!
We were just listening to Whitney sing the National Anthem at a high school bball game last night admiring how awesome her voice was... :(
What you do is a real service - looking forward to re-tweeting your messages...
Lol!! because they're loud and just so unexpected
is this from her book?
They make me so tired!
Both! RT : can we find your music on YouTube also? Or just iTunes?
Happy #Tuesday! Thanks for the submissions to the free/discounted tickets #contest! Winners will be announced #tomorrow!
Getting an ice bath YO!
Tonight my therapist told me I'm a man. In that, I mean I am devoid of any emotions.
u knw it
Ready for Mission: Impossible - Content Management at
"a yellow belt and then i quit" -omfg i gotta love himm t$
so when's the first date? ;-)
Great news. Great friggin news.
4:00? Seems early, but I'm game.
New York strips....wine.....wife goes to bed.....gin.......good valentines day!!!
Small world! We're a block away from the Exeter Inn and the edge of the Phillips Exeter campus.
Just had great customer service from someone at the hq. I love this organization.
Great point.
The All Star game was weak. The Oscars was weak. The Apprentice was weak. I need some strong real soon.
ik the feeling mine all ways tingle an get so sore I don't want to walk girl
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone! Be safe. Eat well.
My heart cant take no more lies & my eyes are all out of cries .
"We're expecting shenanigans," Bosh said. How gay are you man? Shenanigans? Really? Just come out - it's ok.
Mahomies gonna love<3 And Support you all the way(:
thinking about growing some more of those heirloom chickens. Anybody (local) interested in jumping on the wagon?
I need you to print that out for me and bring it to me. I don't have time to do those things.
lol alright girl
Don't let anybody shatter your dreams!!!
And should be fighting 4 us NOT 4 his Chicago Thugs, Handlers, Bundlers & Donors which he pays off w/Green Scam
We hope everyone is having a WONDERFUL Wednesday!!! - The crew at AvantGarb
Enjoyed interviewing the great talent involved in a well-written play appearing in LA. Pedro Infante La Suegra Triunfante: via
great food tonight. HORRIBLY long wait for our food. 20 minutes to take care of the bill. Seriously?
Best sports week of the year...
You guys are to kind. Thank You!!! for the support.
thanks for the follow!
Psh! Lol what will you be in Orlando for, work or vacation?
Austin are you really moving?
Just got to fly a combat mission with my buddy Jeremiah!
That moment when you realize you have a bunch of friends but no best friends. Just good friends that come and go.
thank you!
Love you! RT : Congratulations! PRO Sports Communications are the best in the biz!
Let's be fwends on FB
Latest wx models indicate potential for mix of sleet/freezing rain to possibly cut down on snow totals near Milwaukee.
#OpOliver station prep for the #EcoHustle with
would you like a side of no?
are we in a fight?
Stop by the Marketplace of Ideas today if you can. I'm presenting a poster about PSC Science Cafés & would love to chat!
Happy New year. there's no reason to thank me. i always said that i would follow every single fan that follows me.
You sure you didn't write that in? And when do we get to try them? :-) (best #wings in #cville)
Taxes done. I owe federal, like, a thousand bucks. I owe state 14 bucks too.
RQ! “: I swear I just got like 10 RT's within the past 5 seconds o_o”
A bar inspired by the stock exchange. Cool idea.
hey there in Dallas!
my son was in 1st grade and it was so hard to explain 911 to a little boy!!!
I know of a few companies that are using but I'm not sure if there is a community here.
Agreed.. Strategy got left by the wayside there.
ben is a fan fav but may be a little for lack of a better word boring. rt @ PS_ItsMaddie They could of chosen a different bachelor -.-
Likewise! RT : excited to be ur neighbor in a few months. Love your pizza & a few cold ones.
RT : Hydration nudgie. Go drink a glass of water. Before enjoying Happy Hour or Dinner down a glass of H20. Refreshing.
I know right!
hey Rob... where can I get the "Believe" shirt I saw you wearing on the Ridiculousness previews?
Thank you for the follow, , you're a great American!
thank you for following the #Rivoli theatre
the #miamiheat have one L in past 20 games. the #clevelandcavs have one W in past 20 games.
It is another Wednesday Nite with Joe Hite at the Belmont Tavern -The sun is shining, the weather is beautiful! What more could you ask for!
His aunt :/
in bed accordin 2 my mom ^.^ im supose to go to sleep gotta wake up at 6 for skool but i dnt wanna so im hear xD
If the Grizzlies were in Nashville instead of Memphis, they would have so many more fans
Thanks Ariel for following us ;D xoxo
yep :D
#AGirlDeserves it all, if she's been a faithful girlfriend (:
I'm in a terrible mood! Grr! This mood makes me overuse exclamation points! But it's not as bad as my misuse of ellipsis mood!
Good Morning and #HappyMonday all! Let's get working
oh yeah!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! This world is better for having you in it!
Boo Eric Canter
No extra hour of sleep for me today... :(
Howz d conference going? We R having a good time. Hope 2 mt u. Stp by R booth. RT : At airport waiting for flight to
My only wish is that I die real <3
nothin spooked her i made her mad lol
Um, was that just an earthquake in Baltimore?! Everyone okay?
-- is the theme watercolors? (Or things seen while traveling?) Lovely pieces :)
do you have a link for germany game?
Every time I'm confronted with hoards of unruly children in public I can feel my uterus disintegrate a little bit.
Thanks~for~following~homie~much~love.
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
how was that
Wow. First time for everything.
I'm good g
We'll be enjoying some live music tonight from The Blackberry Bushes @ Brave Horse Tavern.
Can wait for NEw EPISODE!!! ah so EXCITED!! luv yah!!
"I hate people who lie to me. Who can't tell me the truth, who break my heart."
#Patriots select #Alabama linebacker Dont'a Hightower with the No. 25 pick.The fourth Alabama player selected
#youmightbeanautismparentif Yet there are still moments where you understand why some of them stay together.
Looking to connect with people familiar with the aviation finance industry and their data/information needs. Know anyone?
Wonders what the move from LA to Milwaukee will be like
No PaPa J's open mic tonight due to sports. Go drink a beer!
I know it's a Wednesday, but the mall seems more dead than normal. And talking (yelling) on a cell in the bathroom? Really?
BBQ Bacon Chicken Cheese-steak acquired.
I'm not dead. (At least...not yet. Give it about 50 years or so.) Just been busy...lots changing in life these days.
Oh , that's why you can't text back ?
kisses my feet <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
I'll need to improvise to fulfill David's challenge while in Jamaica this week
Wtf there's actually halfway decent music on Freemont tonight
Postal Protest in downtown #Milwaukee at 4pm to save Saturday service and stop other cuts.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people get mad at you for having a good time.
question why is twitter un followin people who follow me? very sad:( upset
Thank Eric. Going through the last days of our cat's life. This was very helpful.
i will not tweet you(; -emilypeters.
Hill balling
good morning girl! But hey, niccas don't sleep in Vegas Bee!
"Man, all that jelly and no toast" said the man trying to pick up the gorgeous black girl in Miami beach
it's not his fault!!!
thanks for checking out my blog! Episode 2 of Baby Time will be out soon as well! Jackie says hi too.
Take the time to say something positive to at least 2 people today that you don't really know.Your words might just brighten up their day.
fuck it imma juss buy another one nd call it ah day
ehh why not Do it anyways I do
Thanks for helping us do some Spring Cleaning during our Blow-Out Sale! We made lots of room for new products. Stop by.
I'm sick as shit of this rebugnican nonsense.
Not half as bad as Daniel Radcliffe on SNL last night
This women is really working my nerves.
Exactly. A Chicago '68 riot wouldn't have helped the president's reelection prospects at all with the whole world watching.
I want to go to there : Buckwheat crepe w/ caramelized Walla Walla onions, Gruyere & spinach topped w/ a poached egg.
Our friends at ASA are close to 1000 followers! Help them get there!
Wanna gain 200 followers? NO. I don't want 200 random creeps following me.
Taking a nap during my lunch break <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> >>>
lol well your a busy woman. You got a boyfriend
Catch the Mammoth @ Rochester game live on at 11:00AM MST. Let's Go Mammoth!!!
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Today is gonna be a good day
Marvins room is a good moviee!!
This time tomorrow, come to the Tech Lab to watch the two candidates for President 2013 discuss their platforms.
Looks like a sunny Friday!!! What are your weekend plans?
Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt – Have a Nice Jay Hoodie
Spielberg attaches his name to a lot now, not all good. I don't know what's going on at this point, may as well go to bed.
Thinking of our neighbors in the DFW area tonight; our thoughts and sentiments are with all you, sincerely
7 of last 9 Stanley Cup champs didn't get past the 1st round the next season. #NHL playoffs are grueling. Still doesn't console me.
Now that AD job at UWM is vacant, Michael Laliberte, vice chancellor for student affairs, is interim head of dept.
Medium ice coffee half ice extra extra caramel just cream thanks
His stock has performed like my IRA
Now we know why Europe beats us so badly at soccer. They are clearly superior at kicking the can down the road.
when I move she move like a puppet on string
oh well slide by my auntie shit dn
I don't need luck
#NowPlaying ice melts by Matt&kim
Hi Brooke, great that you found this. Their wedding was very a great day. The picture looks like a dream.
I hope you're in for a bumpy ride.
Gold, man.
I say he's got a year left and as a #3 he could play well
Wow! RT Deadly car crashes jump by 6 percent on tax deadline day.
what happened!?
you are welcome!
Less is more. Qute: Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. Simplify your home decor by highlighting the things that bring you the most pleasure.
How u feelin bout #HomeOpener vs G-men? Boys will be pumped up (sweet stadium!), but #G-men bring high caliber play to party
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
o bieber fala yeah girl; plagiando o tutor usher q diz yeah man;
Thanks for RTing ! We think Larry is amazing too. We're so proud to help inspire all students to stay in school!
We appreicate you!
file:///E:/Wilson's%20Creek/SiteMap.pdf
If I don't see one person , &&' hella worse !
sign me Los Angeles California hiring promotions record company following &gaga
Is thankful for so many great business connections in Southeast WI and the Fox Valley. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday. Enjoy your …
Sorry guys I haven't been on this account in a while.. /:
Great poll results Rossi v. Murray...
by who though? If it was me with that dog my name would have been out there yesterday.
Oh man! I'm loving the new security settings on FB :)
Why don't 3 year olds take naps regularly when they clearly need them? I am ready for a drink...
#AllIWantForXmas is for #Christians to realize that #Jesus was NOT born in December!
im not lazy... i jus dont feel like doin it!!!!
Girl at Brooklyn Flea walks into room full of old typewriters, exclaims, 'Jackpot!'
Ten mile run complete. Now I can devote the rest of the day to getting bred.
of course nyc & I dont do guessing games unless im in a relationship & she wants to surprise me
Job 29:12-13"because I rescued the poor who cried for help, and the fatherless who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me"
Task Overload- so true
watching videogirl w/ meagan good...lets c what dis is about!!!!!
Who's coming to #Columbus for Second Look weekend?
Albemarle supes will consider $2.2 million donation to Seminole Fire Dept. for addition. Decision to be made as budget process continues
Today: eat bike train treat flail train bike eat bike treat flail bike tweet!
Agreed. But nicer restrooms!
I WISH I COULD'VE RECORDED IT. :'D
Is today's market drop a surprise? Only to those who hope & believe what they hear from the talking heads. Better to be hedged and prepared
Yea I guess imma be the one to end this!!!
Being single is much more wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
me too! well, a mancrush for me. because i love watching him play basketball. RT : I have a crush on Faried.
Last 24 hours in the Chi till January.
Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind
I'm following. I got you
Heat need to put James jones in!
omgoshhhhhh omgoshh i would of never knownn this i love gossipp! if its true!
I LOVE my new Tahoe it sits clean nxt to my Beemer....Make sure u can pay your car note folks b4 buying bullshit
facebook? or twitter?
3 youth workers for Earn and Learn with us for 7 weeks!
Okay, pain, you win this time. I've been awake since 230am. Might as well get up and get some work done.
Googling #RooneyMara too early in the am. Maybe it's time to read the 'Girl w/the Dragon Tattoo'... #thingsidoat8:47am
Follow and 20+ people will follow you, all his followers are
. FIX YOUR SHIT!!!
3 hours left to buy our groupon for great savings on a new mattress from Mattrezzz Guys! Even if you are not ready yet it's good til sept!
This just in! Chicago Coalition for Mayor snubs #OlFloppyArms and endorses DannyDavis for #MayorOfChicago! Vote 'Ol Floppy '11
thanks so much. Funny my coworker was just obsessing about them.
Next stop, Hong Kong.
sitting alone in lunch cause all my friends are fucking annoying. it's funny that they think I'm kidding. but seriously... just stfu.
I make you feel better? but you put a sad face....
I miss my boobear so terribly much :(
I think it's ridiculous this is an issue & sad if it passes! RT : Why not? B/c it's ridiculous this is even an issue?
I used to get on twitter everyday and blow up your timeline...idk what happened with me
*june 3 need to come on so I can order this infuse
That's whats up! Keep him first and go get it bra bra! I'm in Arkansas…getting ready to head back Miami in a few days!
he's old
Professional genealogists use timelines to create genealogy identities by researching probate records when vital records are not available.
That Moose Muffle Soup sounds intriguing.
Graduating or throwing an office party? Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere! Contact for your next gathering
Three Words in the English Language guaranteed to humiliate men in the Western World...Hold My Purse
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed. - Alexander Chase
Except for my music taste, that's pretty attractive too.
I'm growing in my Ashanti sideburns.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when catch people lying!
Nick Come back to Washington DC!!! We miss you Mr. President Last time u were here i got a concussion i have yet to meet u :(
So much hw, i barley have any time to tweet about cody!
thanks for letting me know! What did you order? Love the vibe there!
seriously tho so much time in school agsjskskd :/
One bright light from the sad Travon Martin events is his mom.
: Walker fans need to step out of the 19th cetnury
you know my free market comment? #Kochinternship! ;)
Isn't the avatar a slightly different shading of same pic? LOL...regardless, I volunteer to switch, later tonight.
Never judge someone unless you've walked a mile in their shoes..
off to the national press club for the movers and shaker luncheon
But sleep and work
Enjoyed having you on the chat! Hope you've had a great winter break!
Finally! Cured my Windows 7 machines constant hard drive grinding by turning of the search service. *phew*
Next session: "Slow Dancing for Hackers" RT : Ohh, things just got romantic at #sdcchi. Dimmed lights --
Watching American Horror Story! Let Dr. Harmon back in. EEk.
#givebackdetroit RT : I want to do some spontaneous yet reasonable charity sometime today (#christmas). Any ideas?
Let's hope it isn't 4chan.
Is violence ever okay? Is there any difference between terrorism and war? #SomewhereSafer asks such questions.
HAHAHA Listening to 's Spotify playlist, Jame's Brown's HOT PANTS just came on. My day just got 1000x better. A+ for variety!!
#JavierVazquez just proved me right. Sure, throw a pitch right in #CarlosPena's zone. 2-2
oh gosh!
Thx 4 reply, Liz. I keep searching 4 my employer, a college, in the new groups but not found. No clue how they get in.
I'll message you it.
Wow, I am incredibly bored tonight
Mhhmm cookout with the family today ? Sure why not hha.
I'm at the mall. And it was our ep release show in Cupertino CA. :(
exactly! waiting on the news to give a report
GM yes, no, yes, no, yes. I would like to see A Gang Story w/zee sexzee Frenchmen but don't want to miss LTBF & have to see S&S
is she already gone
I hate nightmares ):
Man, LL is just really happy to be here, huh?
Spotify is messing with me. One second I'm listening to M83 and then it puts on Jenny From The Block. What!?
Oh you're gonna ignore me? Okay,ill ignore you too. :)
Beer is liquid bread
Adam Jones just took another one over the Monster, not into parking lot this time, but gives O's 9-6 lead and Chris Davis in line for win...
"There is no X in Espresso" - Our proposed t-shirt design should #Starbucks ever come calling (ahem!)
Listen up America,if we don't make a hard push and get as many Democrats and Independents in office as possible in Nov. we're hurting.
These little ballet dancers are coming in BEAT! Lol
Meek Mill - Don't Panic ' thss my shxt
thank you for the follow! :)
it is just not Twitter without your Lakers tweets.
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery -- drive fast and join the scenery. -Doug Horton
so just when you think nothing else can go wrong...gas co turned off my gas with no warning. Yes, I paid my bill...
good morning to you have a good day
Thanks for the retweet! Hope all is going well :)
congrats, my fellow #shareholder !
Turned on the PC for some gaming, but 3 hours later, just cut it off. Too much internet fun reading going on!
Oh I'm going to have a heart attack!
hey mayor! Who did u meet?!
I need an iTunes card! I need music in my phone!
Watp going on twitter
Looking forward 2 the Shoes 4 the Santo Nino. National Hispanic Cultural Center. Dr.Regina Carlo is an amazing coral conductor
Steven Pressfield said to always bet on yourself. Most people don't because they don't trust themselves to win.
Get social media buy in by looking for the social media evangelists in your company
what's wrong :(
All Natural does not have to mean blah....It should just mean, "made with stuff you would find in your own kitchen" We have 9 ingredients
People who put themselves down for attention < <
Had a great Christmas Eve dinner..Steak and Lobster :)
Went a little too hard in the land last night. I need
I'm a missable person ..
I'm tired of being ignored
Have a question about a medication you are taking? Inbox us, post in the forum or call 412-681-6400 and we will get you an answer!
There had been one shooting about a year ago, a block away from work. Crazy b/c it's a high commute area.
Antonio Brown = fast
Looks like #diablo3 servers are crapping out again.
Not at all... phone got taken away:/
S/o ...my twigga stay giving me bust downs on 100s...very hard to get from a New York smoker lol
thanks Guido! Hope you are having a marvelous Sunday!
Correction on that last tweet- it's , ! uses them as legacy for his daughter.
hi. Welcome to twitter.
Drive to central OR has included lots of spot fires and only a little whining. Good drive so far.
lmao I never heard that! U serious?
Sometimes I honestly wonder how the hell did this happen to me
either week works for me too -- b. sent an email out to us all - so we just need to hear from everlee now.
An once of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Proverb.
matt and Kim. Duh.
yes! I will text you when I get into town. Even if I don't see he show I'd love to see your face. :)
could be with all the rain and all
I want to have Freese's baby.
Good morning friends! Wishing you all a great Monday!
RT ...Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit...
ok can you say crazy
Nope. I do the same darn thing everytime I make it
yo I need you to hit me up on here for your contact info we need you on this next one
It's my 1st day as an LSU student! Grad school, here I come! Today's class is Foundations of Library and Information Science
#WednesdayNightHustlinTheHarv... I want a COOKIE!
Global Hematology Instruments and Reagents Market to Reach US$5.6 Billion by 2017, According to a New Report by Global ...
re: 's authority on interviewing: "I've done a lot of interviewing... of roommates" lol re: tech interviews, of which, I fail
Got some Good News!
You got it. Getting there Wednesday morning.
I always think far ahead and about the future... destiny however is never planned, it just happens ~
Thanks you crazy kids for the tour last week. And I hope Scott's tummy has recovered from his prezzies.
dude hit me up on ps3.... XXsky-reign2 if you wanna
I Yeah I will be there in two weeks the to the Chi to link up wit lep bogus boys
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I love the Thunder!!
Yes I got some
Glad to connect!
#boulderfire on scene fully involved garage/house fire 1531 Mapleton Ave home unoccupied
“: Nyc vs. South Beach!! #TeamHEAT!!!”SOUTH BEACH BABY
Oh. Im 14.
's single release party - Girl Gone Wild (dance bitch), at Fubar tonight! A little late but what the hell. <U+263A><U+2665>
The Warrior's Way...
busy is good!
And then live happily ever after
I wonder how much they pay the guy to wear that Hat and dance around
oh god what happen last night? :)
Happy Friday to you too - be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the #NABEFCareerFair #NABShow!!
#livingthedream I think....
Snow on St Patty's? Really? It is 80-degrees in Chicago and snowing in Seattle...
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results with creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose, b…
Its a Coldplay, Maroon 5, and Fray kind of night. Fix you=
I love it!! She was so much fun!!
cheers to 2012! heres to a new year, all friends, family and the drum community around the globe. lets take it higher this year!
“Now this is not the end, It is not even the beginning of the end
Hey hey...it isn't all that bad!! What parts did you see?
Or how about I'm watching over every graduating class? It's my pleasure to do so. ;)
Anyone have old issues of .NET magazine I can read? Want to see before subscribe.
that's so annoying, we would never do that.
I meant alphabetically... :)
microvolunteering - the idea of people spending bits of time for some community activity. Especially to create bits of web content.
BATMAN IN A LAMBORGHINI.
I realize that hahah I tweeted that before I realized, sorry
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga: “Apparently French Players Get Better After 27 Years Old” Jo-Wilfried Tsonga celebrated his 27th birthday with a win.
Great afternoon at Thornton winery.
KDKA's own Heather Abraham () gets footloose this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live. Tune in at 9am to see her fancy footwork!
Very nice! New kitchens make all the difference.
#FF , though 80% of my followers are probably already following her \(-.-)/ yay haha
. is on twitter.
she said in her excited but boring US way ;)
keep spreading the word! This is such an important issue
Lmao it's all good in the hood ^___^
Everybody's life is either a warning or an example. Which are you gonna be? Tony Robbins
Ooh, I'd love to join sometime when I'm up there. Are they on certain days? Always Weds? Thanks!
NICE! Lemme know how it goes! Hope you have room in your purse w all those bottles of coconut oil u have stashed in there!
No work today! Feels great. Hectic week behind; hectic week ahead. Then the weekend rolls around again. Don't you just love that?
shewww, text me back pweeseee. :) lol, it takes you forever.
Great meeting guys. Looking forward to getting to work on this campaign with you.
"You make good music. I'm a fan!" -V. Alexander
Oh man I just got a bike last weekend
Taking a walk on the canal. <U+2600>
Lady at the car dealership just told me to "drive it like i stole it"...i intend to do just that dont you worry
- Love Your New Post/ Awesome info! Keep it up Girl!
I WOULDN'T LIE TO YOU ANTONIO <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Getting a jump start on spring cleaning the yard. Can't believe my lilacs will be blooming any day now!
Weaving through tornados on my back from client meetings in Tulsa!
Looking for a location for a toy drive for my babies in S. Africa on Dec. 15th. Any suggestions for a venue that might donate space??
"Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive, and go do that,...
yes/always/duh
Waiting for your parents to be in a good mood before asking them for something.
only two off lead at #QuailHollow. He`s starting to peak for the at
Punk/pop cover of Boyfriend? I like that.
saw them putting up a giant autographed Guy Fieri photo in the Tune Inn yesterday. Put a fork "inn" it, she's done.
Never been a fan of excuses
tired and deletintg friends from my other pages list.. wat kind of cake
ikr?! and i'm sure he will someday :)
If you're going to SXSW make sure you get to the world premiere of "The Announcement" on March 10! Doc airs on ESPN 3/11 at 9 pm
"i love this place, but its haunted without you <3."
2/2 this Wednesday October 19 at the Atlanta-Fulton Public Library System (Central Library Branch)
RT : Shoutout To My Nigga Out Here Doing His Thing
Yep, the trinity: an Argentinian, a Swede and a Japanese. RT : "tomorrow's your Bday? U gettin escorts?"
that's my phrase! >:( tour buddy points were taken away, hence you must do your own laundry when we are on tour.
RT : yes this is faith Hey mama it's me steph
bring some this way
Damn that was fast!!!! You're an officially bona fide twitter user!!! HA!!!
#Great im bored -__-
I'm starting to realize that at 3 the traffic sucks b/c all the lil HS jerks are on the road!!
Deb: working with IT, going to institutional meetings
Robin D.G. Kelley on Palestinian refugee camps as parallel to letter from a Birmingham Jail and South African apartheid
39-38 at the half? I hope the Spurs sweep these pretender teams
Planning a trip to Jamaica with my wife Lindsey. Anyone who's been, we'd sure appreciate some travel tips.
Just got back from a food truck gathering in Hollywood, FL. Ribs are in the oven. TIRED!
Oh fortunate you!! Camille's grave was quite forgotten until they cleaned it up several yrs. ago.
day off sounds nice! when I get home its onto my true passion; catching squirrels in attic.
My to-do list before leaving for Virginia tomorrow is: "Refill allergy medication. Buy Dickel." Priorities, people.
When you have an intention and send it into the universal awareness, you are actually talking to yourself in another form.
Natural hair & rain don't mix.
wat u grab
Holy shit I have no one to talk about #spartacus with besides AND THERE BETTER BE A NEXT SEASON DAMMIT
This A.M. I went musing back thru my own history. There's so much of it. I must be getting old. I don't FEEL old, then there's the mirror.
#tweetyour16yearoldself Dude Stay Away From Her......Leave Her Alone
Yeah, sugar boogar. give me like a half hour.
Working on my birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
LAX to Memphis....cant wait to see my sister
Cocktail bars always have the same smell..olives, lemon and ice.
Keys to gaining wealth..Control your budget by following your own income.Following someone else's income will make u broke.
Wow, being a nominee up against #Adele this year in the #Grammys is like being the #Patriots against the #Giants in any #SuperBowl!
"Maeve has the best ass" - Matt Mullen
I really believe Dreamchaser 2 has really put Meek on the map & hands down one the best mixtapes
not much lol
Happy birthday earth! 2012zzz
Does anyone have thoughts on using PRBuzz to distribute press releases and/or manage social media? Would love to hear your favorite...
Is that Mason?? Wow, how he has grown! What a cutie!! I know you must be a proud #aunt!
all my products are done in professional labs, the only thing I do in house is create the art!
its so hard to find a quality hearse...
I'm fine. Guess u r / were busy lately.
This bxtch makin me mad on Tough Love
Sun burnt and sick. Great. -_-
your number one on keek now! :)
I can't stand your fatness
#BackInElementarySchool allwe had to worry about was Co-dies
It's been so long twitter! :S
Woke up to pee & im still fucked up. :|
LOVE LOVE LOVE you tonight on BrovoAndy!!
I think stainless is a cool look. I just didn't love it, plus they wouldn't remove their logo, no reduction to keep
Making a decision isn't the hard part.....it's making the right one...idk what to do
RT : “: The #heat hired their own refs today... Lol.”<====even a Bulls fan knows wassup
Am I the only one who finds these chipmunk movies really disturbing??
You're a wiser man than I. But I was also dragged there. Go only for the AC, the trailers, the soda, or whatever else.
no you get on fb chat!
Probably should finish my English homework that was supposed to be due on Monday..oh well.
Good morning everyone.If anyone needs followbacks please let me know & I'll do them when I wake up(since right now i'm half asleep)
Uw's Librarians do Gaga trending on YouTube, check it out!
New album almost finished. All that is left is a few overdubs. Thank you Nick Eipers Matt Nelson Graham Czach and Robbie Tucker
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 3
5.4 mile jog and peanut butter cheerios. Can I get a hell yeah?
Planning your weekend? Don't forget: FPT on Sunday. Plow, Plant & Shear: sheep haircuts, knitting, spinning, weaving and more!
#iOS6 wishlist: Apple adds VoIP to Phone and deprecates PSTN as transparently as they did to SMS texting with iMessage
Seriously, I must be the only person who thinks coffee is disgusting and a drink for old people!
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4
Handyman services available - landscaping, plumbing, electrical, mechanical, repairs, paint, etc. $25 ph per man or bid. Call 379-2763
extreme rules?
As a Express Employee I'd love to see a pink Cardigan
Nf, Follow Back
Like a bragel with fake meat and cheese AND a sugar filled butter bear? lmfaoo
Blocked out my tumblr for the day
NO/GS resting people. Heat resting anyone with injuries. Maybe Mavs will be tired. Still like our position better than PHX.
SO to #RyanKennedy a brave 9-year-old battling brain cancer whose wish is to trend on Twitter
getting ready for school! HATE IT
It's not like I'm crying because I was chased by a gang of scary 12 year olds.
Anyone know a good machine/fabrication shop for small parts in the NW?
Recruiting for food allergy study in Chicago!! Check out The Allergist Mom on Facebook for more info. Can't get all info in tweet :)
Sharing #FF peeps you'll enjoy knowing!
Cowboys by a hair RT : NYG vs San Fran...who you taking?
Going to bed
no prob praise goes to whomever praise is due!
“: when would you like me to show up?” yesterday, just move in with me!
Hey there, (Tiffinycancerj7), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thanks for the cds, jonathan!!
lol my grandma said she was trickin. she thinks that means "just playing"
You were a huge help! Thx. Looking forward to bringing our program to NYC sometime soon!
: "did you know that Christopher Columbus was a genuine piece of shit"
I'm gettin so much head its draining out my energy!!!!!!!!!!!!prez -IGS SNIFF
Sounds like a day that was just waiting for the drink at the end of it -- or so a wise man once tweeted.
Julius Barnes, a 2015 out of Garner (NC) named to Honorable Mention Freshman All-American Team by MaxPreps.
YES!!! How awesome was it?! I'm sure fueled you to take things even further. I'm SO excited for you!
G,A= ghost adventures
Long distance relationships are hard but I can make it work... If he can haha
FLIGHTS TO ATLANTA so amazing!!!!!
Cant Knock Da Hustle
just saw you smile & wave to ur fans at Fenway! Amazing game tonight!!! So worth the 5 hr drive! RT me please!!!!!
I like Dr Who, who is your favorite Dr?
Four tech powerhouses rotate the cover of #Fastcompany, which one got the Valley? My home copy in metro NY was Facebook, in DC, Amazon.
It's supposed to be raining tomorrow, hopefully it doesn't impact the flight.
Good night Tweeps
Hi ! Sorry to bother your lunch today at Sushi Deli but great seeing you!
of all names...
RT : LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide a1
With the 36th pick in the #NFLdraft the Denver Broncos select DT Derek Wolfe Cincinnati
I think it's a lamp?
The interview went... Ehh I hope I get the job though
People are using you and your going to come crying back to me
as an Eagles fan my whole life, I agree. The O line is the most important part of a team
Washington & grant, is there something being filmed there?...2nd day w/big crowd
Babysitting is a game of patience.
I thought she was saying cool breeze not cant breathe...that makes more sense haha
sorry to hear about the crumbled cookies. Great catching up with you at #dish2011. Time to bake some user tools into #artbabble?
who thought that a last day outfit could be so stressfull hehe
Just did a delivery & the lady gave me a $10 tip-U know what that means? I is getting myself 2, not one but 2, half priced martinis tonight
Epic, tear-inducing, magical, expansive, long-awaited
#EARN an EXTRA $400 a WEEK International Company Expanding. We are Seeking #Athletic and Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills.
Marcus LoVett Jr. had 32 points and Patrick Gonzalez 29
“: That awkward moment when you see something you really want in a store, check the price tag, and sadly walk away.”RT
I can't tell if this was a long week or a short week but I know it's Friday and that's good enough
ahh I'm socexcited! if you find out tell me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
What? The worst dream ever!
Gnomes for Kids style? Easily done! Hot pink or light pink? Thoughts on Hair and eye color?
Being in therapy is great. I spend an hour just talking about myself. It's kinda like being the guy on a date. - Caroline Rhea
this might be the best compliment ive ever received via social network! :)
Don't hate him. Forgive and forget, his words were a great fuel while I was in the fightin game.
Just because Nitwits like you sont get #SARCASM, You may as well just throw yourself off the nearest bridge, sans parachute
no, sorry!
thank you for bringing in this world! And for that I love you :*
I promise you I will always be on time.
Been told that Micael Thomas WILL definitely be playing in tonight's Reserve match. (Thanks )
Doing a good 15 minutes stretching after today's hard run. Flexible muscles recover more quickly and helps you to avoid injuries and aches.
wow...as a fellow heat hater, those are some strong words!
A few more minutes.
Jewelry, pottery, gifts, vases, wallets, gift certificates & more can be found at your neighborhood gallery Singing Stone in Ybor City Tampa
I will just say for the record that I am Suzie Robb's IT guy.
Back from a long great weekend at Comic Con. Looking forward to getting back to work after a good nights sleep.
hmm..mabye. let me check that
Thanks for letting us know! So many links, so little time ;) Corrected links on the way...
Great reunion of artists & fans! Im remembering all their music we sold at Mizell Records back n the day :-)
I want to do Beastie Boys "Fight for Your Right" cover with y band so badly.
I can't believe we're even debating contraception this day and age. MY GOD
One of the most valuable checks you can receive is a Reality Check.
Audition 1, me 0. Didn't get a callback :(
In the poker room actually playing the right game now. 30k starting stack got about 34k.
thats some mystery dusty and musty!
was there uranium in it?
ATTENTION INTERNET: I am now a fully fledged library scientist. Watch out.
Just got undressed outside my house..its xmas eve yes
Don't let the early week specials go by without taking advantage. Jack Daniels, Skyy 80, and Seagrams on sale till tomorrow!
Follow up my bothers And
you want us to?
off to the tack sale with deb & kenzie and some other people (: yaaay! new horse stuff :D
Yea, it's I'm editing the pic for her so it can go in the video(:
plus niggas was trippin... They wanted to hoop instead of gettin numbers...
hm no, not one, unfortunately. They are all Super-Pac.
re watching D. Abbey?
I had surgery when I was 5. They cut my balls to save my life. I now have mangina.
I didn't say nefarious. That def of scapegoat doesn't say person has to be innocent. He is bearing others' blame as well as own.
Old hackers never die. They just go to bitnet.
LOL!! You are a fool!!
Chicken Scratches vs. Electronic Prescriptions - New York Times
lol, yep I hear those noises quite often an thats yeah still very very afraid of possums they are
the round blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
I'm not even making sense right now.
where r u headed?
Been on the hustle! Promoting events is so fun, especially when #music is involved. Love being a #DJ & a promoter!
A dog may be a man's best friend, but a writer's best friend is their editor.
I literally got chills up my spine at the sight of that dress! Absolutely stunning!!!!
Thanks for the Gr8 Monday everyone!.
Thanks and for an excellent call!
What fuck faces
Get me on this plane! Delays for #usairways at #NYC #laguardia... No surprise there
I didn't know it was repeating!
So last year, & I were tapped to do the reality show 7 days of Sex. We declined. Best decision ever. Right?
I love my dogs
Marcy says yes you boys should do that! (He'll see this in the sent tweet list. ;) )
I am admin and teach 2 classes still! It is hectic but wouldn't change it for anything. Super impt to stay "in it"
Happy Monday.
yay! Find place to live yet?
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
“: #ThePromotion is a bizarre flick. #stiffler wrecks it as usual though.” isn't it Ryan Reynolds?
well, tweeted it.. let's share a HUGE congratulations for him and his wife.. baby boy!!!!!!!
Los Angeles, CA- Need females for event. Nudity involved. Pay is 300 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
ugh! They just don't understand our need for this cd!
nameless sound is working, 3 person office- director, admin director, education coordinator doing office time. getting stuff done!
that, quite frankly, should have been discarded AGES ago. The last time we got new copies.
he has a cast on...and playing guitar.....
“ That boy lives his mama tho ^___^ #idol”
"For what is a poem but a hazardous attempt at self-understanding: it is the deepest part of autobiography.” Robert Penn Warren
hope you had a fabulous first few days at USD!
My birthday is officially over & I am officially 17! ;D
def failing this math test tomorrow
#Editing today, and finalizing two #JBCreative video projects.
Alaska has had record cold temperatures this year. Thankful my car is starting, pipes haven't burst, and that green tea is plentiful!
seriously?? Hm...wonder if my mytouch 3g slide is compatible.
Ah. As far as Horde or Beast mode goes, your beast bet is to pull friends in. Randoms are douchebags 90% of the time.
Here at the hotel right next to the handicapped parking, hybrid parking. Never saw that before.
I often find the articles in Information Technology and Libraries to be interesting and useful, I just wish they had tl;dr sections.
Come check out surrender tonight free admission if use my name Travis Sosa @ guestlist!! only
LSU 45 AU 3 the only war chickens left in the stadium are the team and the band
Are there any hockey fans in Indy?!
- Yes loopholes in French rights reversion to author if publisher still trading. But law should work if "orphan publisher".
I just saw josh and jessica mason tonight. What a good night :D
106.7 KISS FM IS COMMERCIAL FREE ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW!!! HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY WEEKEND!
My heart goes out to family
Tonight is the Finals Breakfast at Taylor Place downtown. Enjoy free food and fun from 8 p.m. - 10 p.m.
#WFUD12 Peter Jaszi: when courts don't know about a particular field (e.g., poetry), they look to norms when determining fair use.
Keari really just whooped my ass yo!
we are trying for Noon EST
Stupid nucca just dropped MLK's name as if I never read a book, or studied black history. #CmonSon get ya knowledge up
Out to dinner with the fam :)
Is the Reverend in the house?
Anger management still be ridin
Cuddled up between my parents.
Women Farmers Are Making Bank In Agritourism
MCCABE & MRS. MILLER and Tom Noonan's directorial work!
Heading into work The weather is perfect, drink specials all night and you can't beat these cheesesteaks
The making process then being the glue that keeps one from succumbing entirely to the illusory, being the attachment to the world.
Lady (#twins fan) sitting next to me at spring training game: "Ah... we gotta get a point out of this, the bases are loaded for peet sake"
I'm not waiting on a prince, i'm waiting for the one who thinks i'm their princess
I am not sure what translation I was quoting...but it was all that I could think of at the moment. :-)
what in the world! Please investigate and report back.
Tonight we have 2 shirt winners. answered the Pale Rider trivia question a minute after the first guy so runner up winner!
I aint trippin, my only competitions the mirror.
The yellows and the reds are gorgeous this morning
Applicant must be proficient in PHP/CSS3/CS 5 and CMS platforms. Please respond via Twitter or
I narrow it down to two by look and then let the name be the deciding factor. I like Berry Daring.
MORE STORIES I CARE ABOUT.
excited. punk'd is on tonight!!! yay!!
Me too, Steve, me too.
It's SO nice out, and it's only the 2nd nice day since it rained all week. The #library is crazy busy! Huh.
Oh neat! We're glad to have another alumnus to follow.
“: The smallest human penis in record history was just 5/8 of an inch long.”. I mean I can get it to an inch if I want to.
Last #Oriole to hit home run on opening day in first at-bat Luis Matos.
About time! Hehe.
COME! IM HEAR TIL SUNDAY RT : thanx for the invite
happy birthday
#MentionYourCrush .. im not gonna lie. ( :
Checking out the show at Helium comedy tonight in Portland, I'm expecting plenty of Connor (Coner?) references...
Join us for next week's topic of the week: university violence. Asking hard questions and making progress toward safer campuses.
seaweed? What seaweed? There was an eel, though. Electric eel. (ooh, baby.)
Hi there. If you want to forward your resume to me at , I'll make sure your resume gets seen.
mofo, im at study hall where you at???
Last week of the Spring Semester is finally here ...
#Dodgers lose 6-2 against the
are homemade cookies a budget conscious gift for the holidays?
Ex Dir poses as homeless psych pt & finds disturbing conditions at NJ resident care facility
One bad thing about having an attractive boyfriend is having to deal with all of these stupid hoes giving him attention and hitting on him.
Your welcome
RT : I know how men think, why do I need to spend my money on a movie that's about women thinking like a man.
MT: Why build a library when you have GOOG? // We can't just snort & dismiss this question.
Looked at your online shop to customize T shirts. Any chance in the future you will put up the art from the in game cutscenes?
When playing PE volleyball was some
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once
Why can't it be about the billionaires?
"I am a robot, first of all.
You bet!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you're enjoying the sun ... it's even bright out here by the ocean!
just chillin you?
What's your damage Heather?
(Q4) Rachel Bilson! laid back AND put together... and she loves Dr. Pepper chapstick like me!
Can't decide: Papers or Sente? Papers more flexible, Sente allows me to annotate pdfs directly. Both fill gap in my work flow. Opinions?
Wow, so what did they say? If you're writing about it, please send me the link!
yeah. Let me know when you are in town.
#ThingsPGKidsSay on graduation day I'm saying fuck you to Ms. Smallwood.
2 DAYS!Pie Pong, Pudding Wrestling, Wheelbarrow race,Pie-making race, the great guys of IOTA and lovely ladies of AOII! Whats better?!!!!
Bricked a 300re and 500re 6m so far. Playing the $1650+500 bounty today. Up bright and early for once, feeling good.
In what area did you get a house?
what a thirsty hoe
&include reference to future lesson on alternatives that were available.
words cannot explain how badly i wanna beat the shit out of you right now.
so u and selena broke up?
Look at The Court Blake
Best tweets huh... Gonna have to beat all the UK tweets that fill my feed... #pickupyourgame!
Cover me... starting Mason and Dixon again for probably the fifth time.
attention followers: please follow
Im pretty sure I have insomnia. Ugh just one more thing to add
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
"Thats What The Monkey Said"
From jonathan swift - those that own your bonds own your soul - #Hannan to #LPR2011 Who owns your debt?
C'mon G-men!
waiting for the bus. :-[
Passion creates a desire for you to pursue your destiny......
yes sir I do!
RT if you want me to post a picture of me in my dress I'm going to wear to the Valentines Dance!!!
If #MittRomney doesn't remember the prep school hazing that even appalled the other participants, he's an even colder douche than I thought.
About to head to the Mountains
I really wish I had the 1) money 2) week off to go to #SXSWi this year. I wanna get my nerd on.
when is ur next competition 2 win portal 2?
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 7
she sacrificed so much $ to send me to private schools for a better education
there is something special about portuguese colonies. Even through oppression and colonialism. People r happy and good food
I see you spent all your time on your hair, that you forgot to finish getting dressed. Poor slut.
i went to the cinema, i saw Dark Shadows, it was ok.
Corazon Real Estate works with a variety of reputable local service repairmen so you know the work on your rentals is being done right.
Cant believe he missed it
me:) How long until I see you on there?
Smiling saying All these bitches is my sons
maybe. Last night it was turtles. Hope our minds want to settle soon. (hug)
yesterday hurt?
I miss all teh good stuff while I'm sleeping ;-)
So nice of you, Sarah! Thank you so much. :-)
I wonder how many people got April fools proposed to today
woohoo - that's great news!
182 days; 4389 hours; 263377 minutes; 15802624 seconds until the nightmare is over for America...tick tock tick tock tick tock.
Baffert either has the coolest or lamest hair ever.
Is there really Win-Win in a negotiation?
snow is on the way. Long time without a blog
integrity is important to winning in life
Ooh! Looking forward to reading "Book Lust to Go," Nancy Pearl's new book!
to all my friends stuck behind a pile of grading: hee hee.
RT : "Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way." - Satchel Paige
Talking and partnership with &
Lil_roz316 on instagram....who else is on it?
We are going 2 play the powerful International Basketball Team Beijing Olympians on Tuesday at Grant High School http;//HollywoodJammers.Com
Army of Darkness is on! Yes!
400 followers!!!! Thank you to every single one of you! Keep spreading the work about XLR8 Entertainment!!!!!!!!!!!
Checking out LEGO Livestong! Then over to #libertymemorial for some more doughboy helmets. New recruits!
where is it!?
y would they do that smh...
loving it..
Making connections between ed deform across cities at
once I did a mid-process talkback where people could only make statements, no Qs and it was surprisingly awesome.
I've officially decided that Lincoln towncars, continentals, and any other boat cars are the worst cars.
what about Richmond hill we have no go train on the weekend
#2012concertwishlist let's see , , , & I know im missing one more oh
Wow, what a sweet face! Hope all is well.
and will do what I think is best for me and my career...and right now I think that that's the way to go.
U will have success no matter where U play. Question is, what do U want to accomplish? Championship? Block record? Answer BBN
im so pissed!!!!!! my right earphone fell in my drink and the whole sound obviously went out.. i want new earphones!!!
This day is too gorge. Going to the beach to tan before the show tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><U+2600>
Bring it!!! RT momos is about to feel the Bemba Soul Tribe Force. $5 before 930
It's about to be 420 here in MY time zone,lol.
#stpaddysday in #Philly record number of vehicle explosions.
Too many astrologersindescribing a #Scorpio forgettoemphasize how loving, generous kind loyal even gentle a Scorpio can be.
When are you going on tour!!! I need to get my Britney on! It Britney bitch!!!!
We'd love for you to submit a video. Thanks.
Wow, just finished Adam Johnson's riveting, North Korea-set new book, 'The Orphan Master's Son.' The first must-read novel of 2012.
Don't make me revote beta-status, Bob!
oh god lol that's for that image, its a delightful image for in the morning haha
Cut loose.. Footloose.. :))
I hate that I can't seriously say no to ppl when they need me to do something that shit stays getting me in trouble
I wish I had the movie Space Jam.
Congrates to some great skating done by our rider David Mackay in the Phx Am!
Say "No" to drugs... But then again, if you're talking to drugs, you may already BE ON drugs....
#WhoDatNation proud baby!!! SF! You are NEXT!
It's hard to hear with a (Eric) Dampier
Might want to help better! D:
Woot! train #280 now again moving!
Ok Mr. Phillips I can respect that. Just offering my services
Good luck. I know you'll stay active swimming and biking so hang in there. You'll come back stronger.
You know I love my blog when my copy of InStyle with Natalie Portman sits unopened two feet away...
my friend "Tiny" pointed out that this Knicks team hasn't had a full season or training camp together. U think that would help?
better than Super Bad?
": show us that southern hospitality!"
Kenyon Martin still one of my fav. athletes...the way he carries himself game in and game out shows he has the heart of a champ for real...
Just been a good ole day (:
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” ~Mahatma Gandhi
think positive, think #comeback. otherwise watch #Nats game. they may be best team in #DC right now
It's 4:36. I'm hungry for supper. No one else is home. Now I have to cook for myself.
Woh, both and on ESPN at same time, turn down the bright lights on those domes!
I'm great thanks 4 asking! lol
I'd pretty much rather be putting my socks in alphabetical order.. Than working right.
Congratulations!!! So excited for you! Can't wait to hear you sing a new Scott Alan song! You must be on top of the world!
What exactly is it? Just art?
Whenever I make eye contact with a cute stranger, I always pull a "Taken". I will look for you, I will find you, and I WILL fuck you.
I never mess with NT B/S. eBay sucks but it's quick and easy.
damn lol no that's too much rain
Only one client today... and the script needs a total rewrite. It's a good day to market and have brunch!
People who just stand by me and don't say anything, pisses me off
“: #TruthIs I'm ugly...” #TruthIs you should never ever say that to yourself
Rest in peace to the young girl who got shot in shoreline.
Excited Lee Pace is going to be in The Hobbit, disappointed he's going to be in Twilight. You're better than that, Lee. So much better.
I see your point, but the amount of illegal scripts being written and sold down there is insane. Same with Maryland/21st
Don't take a good woman for granted. Someday someone's going to come along & appreciate what you didn't.
Hockey season starts tonight!!!! #Flyers vs. Caps rookies and prospects game!!!
Bed time, blahh I hate homework!
nothing really, we just got in an alphabetical line and sat in the auditorium and pretended we were getting our award(:
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo! Gross! Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
Great advice I'll pass along. If you expect God to forgive you for your messy behavior then you better be willing to forgive others yourself
There are 6.5 Billion other fish in the sea. That's 6,500 x 1 million. Yeah.
Katia growing in size faster than
I've never been more proud of our (just turned) 3yo than when she began catching snowflakes on her tongue & immediately said "needs sugar"
Can't wait to get out of her...
Spice is the sickest, most nastiest thing ever. I rather not smoke at all than smoke that shit as an alternative.
someone just sent me 180 green carnations.
“: "iloveyou" is better than "I love you" because in "iloveyou" there are no spaces for lies.”iloveyou :)
": thought u live in sweden so sorry"what made u think that
please follow she is you biggest fan!49
hm not that I'm aware of
Someone should punch Manny Pacquiao in the face. Oh, wait! Great news...
Fact! RT Saying "Calm down" to a woman has a 0% success rate, unless you're striving to have all your things thrown outside
Missy Elliott needs to feel better and come back with something asap
ADD ME CHICK MISS N LOVE YA
There is no way #AngelPagan can be benched. #CarlosBeltran should play some right and left. Play the hot hand in the corner outfield spots.
Big shout out to , my corrugated angel with bubble wrap wings! :-)
i would LOVE to go! but i dont live in LA!! Have fun tho! what songs u plan on singing? ps, can u put more pics of u in Miami?
cool :P
WHEW you have taught me so much in 6 months! Definitely ready for #vsa2011!
o #Tumblr is at capacity...and no fun #failwhale either.
A very small part of me wants to see Star Wars in 3D but I really dont think I can stomach young Anakin or Jar Jar all up in my face
Ima need him to say something
omfg I making a new twitter now. I hate twit wipe don't even use that horrible thing.
Trust me I'd love to come there someday!
OK, we don't blame you - the eye can look a little freaky if you're not used to seeing these diagrams all the time, but take a look at...
lol wat size does he wear
#Ravens over #Falcons is my fearless forecast for
Can't stand this heat!
Happy 4th everyone! Can't wait for fireworks!
#equality never stop fighting for it. Always defend it.
You mean the posters we had on the wall?
Eminem FTW. Very nicely done, Chrysler.
Stop buying drugs.
i now own
Why risk the block or the bad snap when you can run it in from he 1/2?
I left her to clean alone. Lolol
! One more time..! RT : Every relationship has it's ups and downs, but never let the downs push you away from each other
well, im not tired at all
That's wonderful! I do hear from alumni on FB, but they don't usually follow me on Twitter for some reason
S/O to he hooked me up with some twitter followers!
aw! Red Rock Saloon lol
#itgetsmemadwhen people choose not to say please or thank you...
You smell like clean air
that shit is still beast
Were you there too?!
Thank you #WhereConf for the live stream. Couldn't make it this morning, but have enjoyed the keynotes. Specifically now w/ .
Congrats to all who got cast in the fall shows!!!
for sure
“Our brain is designed to be ungrateful.” – Jonah Lehrer, author.
RT : 5.9 million brackets in the ESPN Tournament Challenge... and TWO have the Final Four correct. TWO!
freeze some pickle juice on a stick. Yum!
Haha. Sure. I bought a ticket. Doubt I'll run tho. :) ^JW
?? You mean prevention? RT : Is uterine and breast cancer what you call good womens reproductive health?
Everyone check out my boy ! Got some gnarly covers! Check out his single "Where We're Going"!
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
Fashion is a lifestyle... but most make their lifestyle fashion... "B" What you believe and then wear it! BELOW THE BRIM
yeah -- if it works (financially) am sure there will be others
i wanna see #Paranormal Activity 4
RT : Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Just got asked the dumbest question at work smh!!!
Thanks for following & Keep Smiling!
Double Pizza Pizza Whiskey & Coke. Hello.
We're all out of bubblegum.
I need a study hall!!
my pleasure!
!!!!! RT Thursday will mark 100 days 'til #KyDerby 138. It'll be here before you know it! Enjoy the ride.
They changed it to April 22nd (:
And good luck to you. I don't generally review books but when you're ready, I'll do yours.
Thank you so much for last night!!! <3
Well we just posted a hilarious video on our FB page.
Building my business...let's go!
No league standing flags up yet
#penguins vs #flyers series is amazing. Hope it never ends.
big shots....all those bars. I hate Broadway bars though. Honestly the worst country you'll ever hear all night long
nice butt. :)
Take away Republican and Democratic power #OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to non-partisan
Thanks for the Weston Fitness RT the other day. :) Much appreciated.
I caught him CLEANING IT WITH STEEL WOOL weeks ago. On his most recent use, he left it in the sink full of water to rust.
More soon on 5th anniv #NOSCA conference w/in-depth sessions & updates on our Own The Turf campaign (over 7,000 strong).
yay! I'm WePay-ing people bills online so u can pay w a card OR we can exchange cash or check when the cookies come in next week..
I am sick of frills and lost prints of the 60s. already. & i have barely bought anything.
why?? that tweet made me nervous as we rented there as well.
Quick game today #phillies Joe Blanton throws a CG shutout the #Braves - Still, a day at the ballpark beats a day of good honest work
Oh Yeah:)
Purposefully working on my business!
LOL... who knows!
This morning really made me realise that my pace has got to be slowed down in order for me to survive this summer
Tony Award® Nominee for Best Play & a Pulitzer Prize finalist, In the Next Room or the vibrator play, shows tonite thru April 22
SMOOCHES to all my followers! #muchluv!
A big welcome to our newest guest, long-time Dodger Manager and Hall Of Famer Tommy Lasorda. www.hopeforforefighters.org
Hi Ramit. Any way I could speak someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Anyone who believes that we live in a post-racial society hasn't been paying attention over the last few days. We still have some work to do
. Where did you get that scarf?
actually I believe I look the best.
ha ha... Funny. Wonder if the restaurant knows they named themselves after an armpit.
laugh at the past i dun came up fast !
Always working. Always moving forward.
Now testing to see if goes this way as well. Again, please pay no attention to the stage crew as we prep for the matinee.
Jst got off from work and I'm sleepy af
Brady and the Pats didnt make it back to the playoffs after winning their 1st, then came back and won back to back. packers will do the same
Did someone say spanking?
#Ravens confirm that the team has reached an agreement with on a multi-year deal. Are they high on 1 Winning Drive??
they better fix this the sound before austin peyton or dylan performs orr im gonna flip a shit
Our job n this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already r and become it.
TSA considering changing name to TMI
It's so early I'm so tired I must be stupid
Thanks so much Amy! Hope you had a great weekend!
niggas these days, got the same emotions that females have.
RT if you want a shoutout or a DM to Alex, Robert, Tyler, or Peyton Sanders. :-)
Quoting my manager: "I was going to join twitter but I don't have time for that s*!t!"
The crit is too personal & over the top, but it's true I'm not a big fan. Would've liked balance w/artists he thinks are worthwhile
have you seen Jersey Boys?
Learn about treatment options for prostate cancer. My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The future of the book is science fiction. Letters plus neuroscience: technology of thought.
Don't forget, GRANDE FAMILY IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Ok, it's not purple. I'm blind. But he was awesome.
Still to come; , John Mellencamp, Jackson Browne. Woody's gotta be smiling
Thanks for the RT. I'll stop by when I go to LA to play at the Blue Whale in May!
" thank you!!!! "so as usual I win at life" - CLASSIC RIPI" haha TRUUUU =)
Seagulls. 6 AM. Why.
Two Can Play That Game!!
come down to the lower cafe
Tyler Lyle's powerful melancholy lyrics join the new pop lyrical sounds of American Bloomers July 30th Bring Hollywood Home
zecco probably covered last week.
what the heck??? Who would do that?? Let me know if you need anything love
Photo Radar Vans are in Place, On Campbell near Broadway until 12:30pm & on Park b/t Speedway and Grant from 5pm-9pm. Watch your speeds!
LOL...I hear you!
HELLO my Name Is _______ , The Name You'll Be Screaming At Night ;)
Their tacos are so good! I know, I'm right next door!
“: Ohio fire fighters filling the stands for tonights Ed Show.”
Can't sleep worth crap immediately after a 40-minute basketball game.
I had to go to credit recovery for algebra. I kno the shit its jus I didnt turn n shit those six weeks-_-
Put it down you dirty Jew! Jesus died for that candy!
thank you, based
Thanks you sir. I haven't decided my specialization yet but I'm leading towards Dentistry.
mac got in on dreamchaser 2?
Yeah! Conan's on! Let's not mess this up people.
- you described progressive discipline better than me. Chad is doing fantastic!
Birthday fam dinner
I'm saddened to learn NC has passed a ban on same-sex marriage :(
Most phones let you choose system time or your own time.
WE LOVE U & OUR
Think i just saw another season end, hope not. Hey Mr. Stern, not a good idea stuffing so many games in so lil time. ijs...
Worked out, showered, ate some good food. I feel great.
Got sucked into the #Bachelorette again this season. Ty seems to be the only normal dude in the house.
just did..
Why can't I meet more women like you?
RT Monday: Be totally aware of your LQ ... Listening Quotient. Explicitly work on it tomorrow--and grade yourself at day's end.
RT Work in the invisible world at least as hard as you do in the visible. ~ Rumi
my ipod has been so solid today.
Made tea.. No sweet n low! Fuck!
He can totally pay; doesn't mean he's getting into your pants. Demand respect.
Billy, please call in Robin and Whoopi it's crumbling around you
Follow the handsome gentlemen of Long Shore Drive!
*rooster crows* then hack, cough..... lol good morning when y'all get up. lol (here but in body) lol
Re RootsTech2012's very late decision to Ban booksellers from exhibit hall. Anyone who has paid & objects should demand & get all $ back.
#SaySomethin cant wait
I don't know anything about this--but am interested to know more. I'll google it to see what I can find out. Thx.
Its almost V_DAY
Aberrant behavior? Naughty librarian?
I wonder how long they'll give him?
oh, i was just gonna listen to and say something classy, but i see that you live in SA. howdy neighbor. :p
Love the song "How Great Is Our God (world edition)... Amazing!
Beliebers Respect Selena of course we do...love you
I'm impressed. It helps me keep track of what I've said … er … tweeted. Really cool stuff.
if I ever hit 20 guys I'll shoot myself <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> teen mom is really f*ckin w these high schoolers.
Coming out to play tonight...see you soon.
that picture is rough
People that box you in on the road when you're just trying to get home....
Happy Father's day !
isn't it detrimental to tell a stdnt their work is good when it rly needs work, though?
RT OMG! #shoutout. To now following me! With the biggest collection of ugly Christmas sweaters! LMAO
The Supreme Court recount may end up in court today, but the Prosser campaign says it will NOT challenge Kloppenburg's right to a recount.
alrighty. Just let me know if anyone else is going.
The End of the Line for Encyclopaedia Britannica [NYTimes] ://bit.ly/wfmvbi Next up: The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Hmph. Apparently I was misinformed.
Thanks and happy Friday, Karl! Would love to chat about UEFA with you soon.
preach it sister! ;) love you jasmine!
Welcome! If you need more, just send me another name.
i wish all guys had that spirit
Three days til Milwaukee Irish Fest!! We can't wait!
RT : & r cool RT : #devlearn folks....any vendors that r MUST see this year? (Aw shucks)
Going to see my sister's grave today. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
boobs represent nutrition, nourishment and growth. ovaries represent destruction, and permanent termination of the individual
#therewasacrazymoose is trending! now you have to follow :)
Stuck in the Moment (Justin and you) HAHAH*.*
Roenicke just said that KRod would close tomorrow.
I have got to see that video ASAP! ;-)
Listened to a lot of music today:)
And I have a short list of invitees. Best part is, it's an 'open source' panel.
Just took Rob Gronkowski for $30.00; slightly overpaid but he's elite. Budget $200 -
Alex Pettyfer has my vote!
Oklahoma City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Snow=Cozy fireplace
And who I sold it to is irrelevant.!
Did I mention go after a magazine Cover? No?... Well, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> add that N there.
this is the most attention North Carolina has gotten since the Civil War.
Lovin cup....we are coming for you and we are bringing some amazing music and our new baby. See you soon!
yes I joined the Scandal bandwagon too. Love it!! I totally have a girl crush on Olivia Pope.
ANEN ": R.I.P Knicks until next year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>”
is simple ready....
- Go tell it on the mountain. Love it!
hahaha! Hope u didn't miss your flight.. That would suck! Wtf r u doing in a Minnesota airport anyways?
StoryCorps collected the wisdom of humanity. Son it will be available online!
Thanks for the follow! Best wishes to you :)
Tonight on Chris' #Flyers eulogy, an appearance by the and perhaps some playoff pool updates at 8
awww thanks boo!
I don't want to leave Chicago!! Don't make me!
Nice!! Good luck, that's an impressive time for sure!
Hey bro the civil war ended a while ago, it's time to take down the confederate flag, it's pretty racist.
“: ": How often do you ignore a call?"everyday” Everyday!?
Feeling like a little treat?! Cool down with some iced tea and a cupcake at Cake Fetish!
[REC] 3 -- Not nearly as good as the first two movies. It morphed into a typical zombie horror. Great gore FX but otherwise ordinary.
hi princess and friends
Good Morning All!!!!
Friday the 13th <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
No I went to Aquinas. Never lived in Webster area.
s.o is my cuz
I will be trying to update a bit. We have already heard great papers on Civil Wars, and now we are all in a GIS panel.
#AztecDomination! RT : CSU has lost 8 straight on road, hasn't won at SDSU in 9 years. As if that matters in this league.
2012 is going to suck.
im single....
I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me
Outstanding CAS Student of the Year -- Lina Rodriguez.
I hate waking up with a attitude.
yo we gotta figure out this housing plan
hahahaha(: yeah you definitely like it(:
Getting very excited!!!!!!! <U+E404><U+E404>
working on music wbu ??
#newbalance my custom 574s were delivered today while I was at work. Stolen before I got home. Heart broken.
awesome site - thank you! Stay tuned for the interview with Dominic Truoccolo '12 and RE:
hell yeah it was! =p
Things that are trending always have such depressing responses...#Lightenuppeople There is always light at the end of the tunnel.
Going to get my I.D.
Can't wait for Captain America Today!!! Regal Tuesdays people!
cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties.
All sizes and styles are back up on wiskullsin.net New Lady BOBs and Red Vag Protectors in are. Should be on the site soon. HOT new pics.
Me too! I didn't know that was a common sleep position!
There is nothing more I want at this moment than to get into MSB. I just can't wait.
Tonight in #RVA Noell plays with NERVOUS TICKS! Strange Matter 5pm (early show)
If you really #trappin you need to get one of the #hotlines I'm slangin out
"If you don’t become an actor you’ll never be a factor..." -
I dont remember that was.like two months ago
I'll make sure your taken care of!
#iwantspotify. Hook it up ! Spotify in the USA!
Thanks David. Happy that is on the team. cc
yeah, at 34th and 6th (unfortunately). Going home for all of next week. Gettin me some sunshine. :D
omg he will be beautiful forever
I forgot about it lol. How much again?
LiamZaynLouisNiall&HarryBackToTwitter i guess? sometimes these TTs make me cringe lol (not that i don't want them back on twitter)
I knew you were going there. I was going to go #cocacola but switched back.
"Success is a choice." -- Rick Pitino
my cousins dad
UX designer/researcher in Orlando. Also going to My goal is to meet all UXers in FL. Let's meet in St. Pete!
"We now have the support for pseudonyms. We were afraid we'd accidentally release your real identity" via #SXGoogle+
"When you treat people like children, you get children's work." -"Rework" -from the founders of 37signals
YOUR EYEBROW KEEPS TWITCHING CUZ YOUR BLACK.
he needs 2 pass to Bynum more IMO he's a beast, kobe should take prolly 4-7 less shots a game & give those 2 Pau & Bynum
My boyfriend, , is the most wonderful, attractive man in the world!
Did you just say what I just said as if you said it first?
ditto.....greeat time!
"Exalt the Lord our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the Lord our God is holy." Psalm 99:9
Going home to get dirty and then cleaner.
how are you doun my lovely(:
because the two sides are in proportion so if the bottom half is 2 and the top half is 5 the other side has to be something
im blaming the ham!
Hi B-Fresh! Gosh I miss all of you,it has been almost a year exactly since I discovered #pubwrite. Drama you say?
Nerd n. Slang 2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits but is felt to be socially inept.
Proud to be an alumna of a school that celebrates Friday the 13th. Happy #ColgateDay!
way to be boys
I feel like the West Coast has 8 billion more Marathons than the East Coast.
To do list: laundry, pack, watch Eagles game (E-A-G-L-E-S!), Christmas Mass, dinner w/ husband's family then 9 days visiting Mom & Dad in FL
they teach that at the Carter Fold lol #forrealcountryboy right here bahaha
lol text me please im bored
YAZ and Erasure... can't go wrong with that!
Thanks for noticing!
Wrap it up wrap it up while i take this bow off..
St. Patrick Day is the prefect day to remind you to eat more GREENS!
wasn't that the guy with the voice so deep that he'd make you cry? Lol.
R.I.P. To A Real West Coast Legend!!
Hopeing My Bestfriend Charles Comes Back Over
they have to make bigger, stronger and faster devices with more bells and whistles.....!!!!!
Don't get "Munsoned" on Friday night! Get out to Bowl Hi Lanes in Huntley!
So nice to be in
Devon :) Morning Bro :D
Good luck and have fun!
Will give more of a heads up next time. I think I only announced it the day before. Contest was on May 2nd.
sending copy to vo talent now. Haha
Good news though, the badge works with past check in's, so if you're on your #foursquare 9-5 grind already, you're in good shape
Hello Friends! We will be closing the shop today due to the unsure weather. We will be home in our snuggies and drinking hot chocolates! XO
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Ask questions in job interviews--it shows interest.
2009 Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights to include Chucky, Jigsaw and a new Wolfman. A scary time to be had by all.
MAC PRO-TIP: just discovered that when you have two windows open, you can instantly toggle between them by hitting [COMMAND and ~] at once
i hope i win that guitar(;
Look like Coach is going to another Stagg Bowl...history
Last night in the chi. Whats the plan?
no no no it was not me
Who is this DUMB BITCH on #ALSHARPTON show?????These #republicans are so damn respectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
HES SO MUCH HOTTER IN PERSON OMG
Stocking stufferers: Nirvana's Aztec & Caramel Sea Salt bars are now back in stock. We're open for 8 more hours today!
Our other ingredients are vegetable cellulose (capsule), rice brand and silica. No unnecessary fillers or synthetic chemicals.
You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh - it's as simple as that.Jay Leno
He Is Risen!!!
I like working out first thing in the morning. Its a great way to get the day started. My energy level is high in the morning
need sim cutting service in nyc - pls advise!
Low Key I Want A Main..
Saturday is the official MAGAZINE 60th issue release party !! ON 40THST & VAN BUREN ..IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
Happy New Year! Dream Chasers stand up and make Reality!
you're a bad person.
“: Here's to failing, bailing and to the great railing my exams are about to give me #CTL”
Seems former State Rep. Joe Moody no longer lives in House District 78, according to new interim redistricting maps.
"When I first became attracted to the Flowery Kingdom I secured all the copies of Confucius possible. -Homer Lea, 1905
So great to be outside! Lots of vendors!! Come stop by!
#LastTimeIChecked you made a promise, so keep it!
My confidence always pulls me through the toughest of battle fields, and I somehow walk away confidently - Rose B Mashigo
I guess do u
Better luck tonite Wisconsin ...
We trynna put a end to this tonight
What an amazing time at ! What was the coolest thing you saw?
I liked him but didn't love him last night. Also think Casey and Jacob killed it! Guys are way better this year.
but made by Canadians. Not so much made in USA if your only using our parts but hire Canadian company to build them
Some good things about working until 4am on NYE is waking up completely sober AND with money in my wallet.
“: Good night live from Germany #TeamArmy <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>”gn
Yea but the color of the letters are different so even a person with an STD can find a person with 1 & get laid too. On the DL.
Can I get a yard sign that says "No More College Flunk Outs for Governor of Wisconsin"
You're very welcome.
So done doing shit for u if ur gonna cry like a little bitch ugh u poss me off sometimes act like a man not a kid fucktard!!!
i hate when someone txts me the same question over & over
Proud of you guys - so deserving
hahaha I know I am! Where are you? I haven't seen you today and I miss you :(
I read that telegram :D
Thanks! Me too, I feel pretty sassy! :)
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
missed xfactor tonite need to on go kojo's timeline to see what i missed.
Back On My Grind!
I am rolling the dice and ordering Indian tonight... have never EVER had any good Indian in LA... you get one more chance!
Good deed of the day: save a ducks life :')
Please note this weekend's Meet & Greet will be at the Domain from 10 - 12 Saturday. Come visit with our Wees! Over 20 dogs for adoption.
#Metalocalypse back in rhythm without missing a beat. KLOKIKON slides back into the 11min run time like a bloody glove.BRUTAL
Pretty sure he gave me mano
"likes" doesn't pay the bills.
What are you thinking about right now?
@ Skool Picking up my report card
Me and are awesome. Just sayin
Thanks to those who bought a CO flag shirt in 2011! You helped support the Colorado Local First campaign!
Thank you again for the fabulous interview! We absolutely LOVE what you are doing in business and in life
Customer support at is top notch. Thanks for helping me work out registration issues at www.sportingmembership.com
Trusting you but I'm still scared of losing you :/
I just became nervous that future generations would view movies like "New Years Eve" and "Valentines Day" as holiday classics.
The people that complain about the attention they get are often the ones that crave it the most
No problem!
Phone interview today! Hopefully finishing the thesis today! Running on very little sleep today! Probably won't get much sleep tonight!
#cantwait RT : k thanks ! cant wait to see you guy's!
I'll just go shopping by myself
Farmers' Market to resume soon - Fort Scott Tribune
hungry af,,guess I gotta go to this lame ass caf
Avitar changed due to request. Gotta keep my tweeps happy.
Might go outside and ride my longboard (: Sweat pants hair tied tho Don't wanna get dressed (: txt me Dm me for the number (:
People who have no long-term goals & ambitions don't get along with me. And that suits me fine.
It was. hahaha
MOTHERFUCK A FRAUD
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
Be aware that you might experience light depression #PostRace due to a huge dip in endorphins.
To all my followers that love TSC tweet #SAVETHECIRCLE Lets try to save TSC!!!!!
Everton finish above you eh? Reds hurt by blues all round I guess.
Part 2 of last tweet - And the Texas Attorney General's Office is Pissed!! Great article MUST READ!
A person with knowledge of the Self remains detached from the world. He realizes that the Self within is beyond the body, mind, intellect..
Minnesota. Back in the dojo on Monday. cc:
Listening to Roger Bobb, former EVP at Tyler Perry studios in the producers master class. #PVIFF check out his new company Bobbcat Films
lmao I know I text him telling him they suck at txting he said they're at the gym lol
Gagged from smell of my own fart
I checked out youtube channel, i kinda like it
no problem! thanks for checking it out.
Plenty, plenty I got to much of this shiiit .
Thanks for the mention! We appreciate the support!
I'm meeting up with people there but not like going with anyone! Yeah we should go together! It'll be fun:)
goodmoring twitbabes hope everybody has a good day
whoever is laziest buys a round of drinks???
hahahah i always feel out of place!
We in the store my sister know every body
Are you following us on Twitter? If not, you should be! We have a MAJOR announcement coming soon and we'll be making it here!
yeah. There was a great paper on this after Prop 8 demonstrating that Black voters didn't overwhelmingingly vote for it.
Happy #FF MKE! Great people to follow this week Have a great weekend all!!
i almost barfed running. But dude! Boys track was there..purr(;;
No matter how right you are.:-) .a man will never win an arguement with a woman
STUDY TIME
theres never a wrong time to eat tacos..
how do u say it?
wtf. that looks dangerous!
“: Is tunein radio having issues?” Apparently offline.
found out how to spell his name?
Biggest Ball of Twine in Minnesota. By far! #weekendrock RT: Weekend Rock poll: What's the best song?
and were on the national Spanish exam...
Guys:why do girls complain bout weight all the time Its annoying... Guys: ew fat chicks... Sorry ladies for some of our disrespectful boys
ok im calling out to singapore chasters and malaysian chasters for LIVE STREAMING!!!
#Entrepreneurs: how have you defined your #personalbrand?
TREADMILL!!!!! Adding a few more minutes, today.
bet you won't tweet an Eagle Scout back.
": shut up punk!" Ouch
What a sweet & mushy vday poem I just got from the hubby! Sure do luv that man!!!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
wrote a widget
Absolutely nothing good will come out of this new interest in Parkour
The Marv Albert Miami shout out!
Still with the lightbulb thing?
That futurama episode?
I love what Charlie is doing! No one else has the balls to stand up like that!
If you can give us time, location, direction and 4 digit bus number we can look into these incidents. Thank you.
I'm SO sad! Dick Clark has died. He was 82 years old.
WE WANT CERVELLI NOW..SEND THAT OTHER CATCHER DOWN BUT KEEP STEWART
Throwing an Arabian whip double double tomorrow idgaf judge me usasf.
#Timeshare is a #waste of #money if you dont use it. Why #pay a #resale company for nothing when we can get you
Wow - I literally just said I should be cast as #JessicaRabbit in a remake of Who Framed Roger Rabbit and today it is trending?
haha. That was my only reaction, my friend.
he's in Miami now, but im sure he goes Florida every spring break like this year?
Just about everytime I get on twitter I shake my head in frustration. Touch your bottom lip to your top lip please!
Meetings with our colleagues from the publishing house in the Netherlands. So much more gets done when people can meet face to face!
Havent been on Twitter.. I feel left out lol
On your eczema question, we wish we knew right away to check for food allergies
Some people are so oblivious..
it's the western conference finals... Not a regular game
i'm saying, they need to hurry because my eyes are slowly closing
This life is fun
JUST KEEP WRITING
So who is going to win on your bracket? Got it set? just for fun of course!
When are you going to go take the test?
thanks for letting us know we are working on fixing the problem :)
I need a beer....and a hot dog
Uhh nvmd! I just tried to sign up as "Crys" & they recommended "HunnyCrys" & "ImpressivePlatinum". O.o
that is not the issue, proving you don't know the difference between A citizen and natural born citizen
Oh, Bloody Coffee is a good one, HAHA!! Yes! Use that name :)
Jack Nicklaus & Johnny Miller basically just said goodbye Tiger, hello Rory.
Juice loving Seattleites, debuts this Sunday! I'll be gone, please stop by & slug back some juice in my name.
well I'm here for days and I'm ready to party !
don't fret!! I've got some wheat-free for you! Let me know how we can get you some!
Don't know if he even recognized me, but I deleted the Tweet just in case. ;) Don't want to feel bad all over again!
I don't know your number?
VIP Nation isnt working
Hopefully my future wife plays tennis. Other wise, I'll have to hit with other women.
I hate when people tell me what to do.
Viola Davis is the truth! We have to continue to tell our stories!
I THOUGHT HE MOVED!!
And possibly fuck. but mostly cartoons.
Sam Levenson: One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination.
I'm not sure what kind of animal is...
Picked up Expilion 500 headlight from Very nice! No more commuting home using only bat-like echolocation.
Did I really need 50 hair feathers? Probably not.
..Its because of young folk like this our culture will never die. Hip hop for life.
Really applies to tucking anything into shorts (*exception:work uniform). Looks like mom/wife dressed you before you left the crib
I'm excited to read it! (I personally love Melanie and Marko - I'm sure that's no surprise. Gotta love the kisses!)
Let's get lost tonight.
our family had a fantastic lunch with u today! Great to have u in the Lou!
sad cross country is almost over for the summer tomarow for me is the last day but its all good i plan still run with team friends
Sometimes its good to find distance from all the crazy emotions that writing a book can bring up. I feel normal again! Hurray!
Trust issues...
hi rosalie darling! its bella's mom.
Oh, sweet lord, I do love Doritos. First bag I've opened in years & wow, they're addicting. Must move on to M & Ms before I eat them all.
This paper is gonna be brutual...feel free to come to the lib and help me anyone
I do now.
RT : What a gorgeous day! The ocean is filled with the most beautiful rainbows!
Thank you.
If you still talk about it you still care about it
Is it Saturday yet?
Hello twitter world!
Pretty excited about this upcoming weekend, taking lots of pics of the kids and their grandma. ;)
hey! Ur amazing me and my friend r very inspired by u. Please hit us up, we think ur lovely
Booked my flights!
Oh of course!
what tweet??
For the love of god, people, PLEASE stop sneaking sour cream into guacamole. No dairy should touch avacado, ok?
": We won't work out if you don't love The Smiths."
Thinking about getting me some chick-fil-A
has sex dice!
MASSAGE, FACIAL, MANICURE, PEDICURE....Call 301-585-0888 and ask for Barbara and you get 15percent off any service this week
I can handle missing #TheVoice tonight, but definitely not #Smash. Dev is being a buttface to Karen!!
yes - the horrors of procrastination
Didn't that happen in Seinfeld? One of the guys threw a golf ball at a whale and it plugged the blowhole.
RT : “Social is one part technology, nine parts human behavior” --- Forrester’s Matt Brown, on stage at #FCCF11 - Amen, brother!
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate it.
ya so u in 8th grade at swms right
wow...not trying to creep, but that photo came out beautifully.
Putting presentation and UX tips from #CILDC into action today
Life is a series of hiccups. The only cure is to hold your breath... until you pass away.
great interview!
My Instagram never works anymore..
Feeling all kinds of happy today!
hey there!
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Mad men is the best show on tv right now.
Money heightens all five senses....
l want 50+ retweets on something!
Your fine, just get a hold of me when you get home. Have a good day at work. Love you
I only have 2 assignments left until i'm DONE with this semester!!!
of course man! That song is solid!!
Hahaha! That's EXACTLY what he was doing.
Yes with some colors you dont need to bleach your hair.
Yes it is and it was all I could do not to go for one.
#5FactsAboutMe Im allergic to dairy
nicki minaj makes me get in a mood.
Hey guess what...Radiohead is a shitty band. Deal with it band wagon fans.
I hate it that it happened to her. She found GUM on that seat in Speed and charmed a nation.
welcome back (to Newark at least)
yeah, what was that all about? I saw an F16 hauling ass over Fort Ward.
I think that's a 1st RT : Whenever I end up on Mendeley.com, I keep expecting it to be a UNATCO website.
Will do--thanks!
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Check out some new tunes by The BabyEaters! www.mynoisyplanet.com/tHeBaByEaTeRs
goodnight boo
I knew it would be like this... as says... #Nailbiter till the end...
And the collapse continues..
Rick Perry is coming to speak at AU? I'm no fortune teller, but I predict this event will be a circus.
Man, you must be using a different edition of that book than I am. Yours sounds a lot cooler
#FollowFriday bomb coming. You've been warned.
Philip Philips!! If he goes home im gonna be so mad!
I see it as 'public' - a reflection of corporate world with the human bit thrown in - but always aware of dangers
We'll only be friends.
I do it all the time!
That awkward moment when you chew on someone else's pen.
Americans typically consume 7 billion Hot Dogs between Memorial Day and Labor Day.
Diggy vs. J.Cole may actually be good for hip-hop.
I'm sure something else will pop up tomorrow .. or the next day ... or the next day.
Austin's pure perfection.
I still make videos! Follow me on Keek
Shmaltz U Love: Pastrami at Kenny and Zukes (Portland), Beef brisket at Wise Sons (SF), Mile End Deli (Brooklyn), Pickled Tongue Caplanskys
Gonna spend the day spoiling my mamma. :) <3
I don't understand whining about corporations. Nike's workers will say, "At least we have jobs. Shut the Front Door, Yankees!"
#IsItMyFault that im not taken?
RT : Bra shopping is worse than bathing suit shopping.I demand the gov't do something 2 fix ths.>my suggestion,stp wearing them!
hahaha shut your ass up with that TeamDarkskin!
Dems (Brian Burke comes to mind) have had their careers ruined for the same thing.
good retweet Sir.
Please welcome mons_tweets to the Max life
Have a great day everyone!! :)
R.I.P. HEAVY D & Joe Frazier :(
hahaha nice one.
I'm interested to know how to read/scout a player making adjustments. #podcastQuestion i.e Pedro Alvarez & Duca
tell us the good the bad and the ugly of what you find on NYC streets!
thinking of you wearing it smiling ear to ear- let me know where !
#WhatIMissMost arms that fold around me and all the rest.........
so yu jus haven't been tweeting???
Best opening quarter by a QB in history??
looking forward to laying on the couch with my book all night long.
Are we still mad at Viola ? Looooool .
If I had to guess our math professors actual job I would guess taxi driver in NYC.
lmao yeah girl. I know sometimes I look like I am mall walking but shit at least we are out there!
Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so fllyy Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so sexy
Why you hook me up with that fat ass bald head ass girl lmao
how did it go? 5 min miles?
I feel bad about people in my sorority who are going to have to hear my crying about how inspirational Kevin Pearce is all winter. Blah.
Just saw walk through Time Warner Center in NYC
thanks so much!
I love the merging of fashion and art museums! Next up is the Yves Saint Laurent retrospective opening at the Denver Art Museum....
I scream, you scream, we all scream for gin.
GOODMORNING HOW ARE YOU LIKING MIAMI AUSTIN?!:D
YES !!! I receive that, miss you ;)
A month ago the #Knicks had no point guard RT : Knicks PG's combine for 21 assists versus just 1 turnover.
better than loosing your lunch. Helen just cleaned the bed sheets!
: aren't you coming on the 25th?
When mom makes me wear shoes for our fam portrait <<<<
RT : Next week I’ll give a speech: Saving the American Idea: Rejecting Fear, Envy and the Politics of Division:...
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow woof woof.
The only thing that can stop the Packers' offense...is the Packers' offense...
whoa WHOA lmao I'm just saying you suck you ain't gotta get all sensitive about it lol
#BeforeYouExit , thomas: do you remember tarah, april, & mom (sarah, adrienne & lisa) from your indiana show? (: <U+2665>
soo, i guess he choose to act funny on this day ! smh.
Need some Boozy treats for your SuperBowl Party?! Call Me! :-)
I don't even feel like tweeting, I'm just bored.
Many thanks to for your ever present support
thanks for following me! I'm sipping some freshly brewed tea as I tweet! what's your favorite tea?
good morning melissa
I have that effect on people ;) LOL
oh ya herrry
: thank God for Sleep in Sundays. On Wisconsin!
Should I go to London for the EPT or not? Hm
Out running errands
Is there any humans here
I aint been on twitter at all today
It's raining in Pittsburgh but that doesn't slow us down
FB advice on that. Need to know mechanics of doing it.
thinking about Tryna make it work wit my BD, for my kids, even if I am unhappy....oh god somebody stop me!!
Last day at Dscoop come by the New Page booth to win some great prizes
We're learning sex Ed. Prepare for random and unusual tweets xD
Facebook really needs a 'no one gives a shit' button
Go inside
I bet I'm happier than you! :P hee hee ": Not even traffic can ruin my mood right now. #SmileyBoy"
#IM A directioner
RT : Jennifer Trainer Thompson, the "Queen of Hot," will be appearing on the Food For Thought Stage with her new book...
Trying to get somebody mad? Lol
awww yeah! The big one! Happy Early Bday what do you have planned?
I'm so funny...
#MarkStevenJohnson borrowed #Frost's "Lockless Door" for the opening sequence of
Carving out a new direction: somehow terrifying and peace-ifying at the same time. Life is really life-y right about now.
Wow…Rob Wilson! Career day, trending topic on twitter - all in all I'd say he's having a great day!
that's fine...yo momma played linebacker for the #patriots!!!
#MichaelLee is the best in the business!
Amazon rises to number 2 among tablets thanks to the Kindle Fire
Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentleman.
Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!
Headed to #VAM2012 tomorrow! Looking forward to the learning...
how will content get attention when out of context?
My cheese flight en route to NYC was spectacular!
I want an Eye of Horus tattoo. M
#acehp12 excited about new products & services!
Which is why I'm now sitting here at this desk blinking like the Cheshire Cat with my mouth ajar ... in that oh so Diddy tryna breave way.
Yes, absolutely. I had Goodreads open while watching, marking down suggestions. And I liked his emphasis on consistency. True!
How did this happen?! I was there the whole time! I was looking for you guys!
#giftexperts I am still shopping for everyone lol!
Follow me, and you'll see what I got ;)
Good job Mrs. Ward for kicking one of your best players off the team!!
The Greek burial crisis: With land a valuable resource, the state requires the recycling of cemetery space. - By Alex Mar - Slate...
ill follow
Are you going to be a permanent host on ? I would love to see more of you on daytime TV.
It's totally OK to end a 3 day juice cleanse with Moscow Mules tonight right?
Dude my dad was reffing and talked to the lady!
I HATE driving with my mom , she's such a freaking weirdo about everything . & always screaming at me when im driving . . .
Trouble on my mind so much trouble on my mind..
thanks for the follow!
I could kinda get down to some Metallica right now... Weird.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
Embarrassingly rockin to the bieb "boyfriend" with
How is ya lls mothers day going ?!?!
Easy-A!! Agh could watch this over and over!!
and it would be good to follow me
Fuck I woke up..... But P.T. Was good
That's a tough one, but you can do it! #1plus1equals2 RT : math
what's that?
ah ! Tell me all about it!
On my still shoot we set up HMI "sunlight" & Brad Hall said, "Isnt the Lord's light good enough 4 u?"
one week I want to be phony laugh guy on
GOODBYE P90X...HELLO INSANITY!! WOW this workout KICKED MY ASS HARD, but it felt so damn GOD!!
oh snap thats not good :(
I don't use them, but I want them. I spend my whole day looking at a screen, which means looking down my nose.
"You must establish your dreams and move quietly in the direction of attaining them."
I'm going Solo! acoustic guitar
Egg white omlet, gym, then on to a productive day!!!!
Kobe would've hit both
VIVO, eagle-i building dedicated ontologies for app behavior, distinct from resource representation. Looks like MVC pattern to me.
I was at the polls bright & early but I was in Takoma Park canvassing w/ to get petitions for a ballot initiative
Wishing he had MLB TV. Looks like I have to stick with ESPN's rookie analysis and crappy game selection this year.
The 70/20/10 'rule' was postulates around leadership development not learning in general. Why don't people fact check before speaking?!?
thanks God to let me celebrate again an another birthday in this short life
spit diff hard at work on all sorts of badass shit you gunna like :D
If there really is a pie in the sky, we hope it’s filled with luscious cheeses, fresh veggies, and spicy meats.
That's great! So glad to hear it. And yes, the book is avail. as a paperback on Amazon, B&N, et al.
not all models are tall im not tall and i want to do it its called heels haha
that's a Tony Soprano kinda shirt and it looks DAMN GOOD on you
you do make the rounds on a daily basis.
So High I COuld Eat A STar!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire was last resort. Lesson learned: Dont fire coach til u have REAL replacemnt
... and visiting a musuem creates a beautiful day!
In a restaurant having cocktails.... You?
Consistency: are your kids living with you and another parent part time? Same rules will help them feel safe vs. split.
Either Brett Favre's up to his old tricks or someone's been watching too much Blue Mountain State.
And we all look like fools.
At the Great Plains Public Health Leadership Institute: awesome leaders, presentations, and public health work.
Goodnight Everyone((:
Watching T.I and Tiny ^_^
Thank you you have inspired me. I am enchanted!
One sip and you'll know "It's nobody's fault"~
Doubt it :/
Mika's "Love Today" is putting me in a really good mood. Probably cause his voice going so high is amusing
Note to self: read it out loud to myself next time and see what it sounds like!
if I get drunk enough first I'm sure I'll have no problem spending 30 bucks on it.
EVERBODY GO SEE s COVER OF "DOING IT WRONG" KAY? its amazing :) js..
No wonder we have so many spammers.
love you guys!! x
the way LL Cool J licks his lips (;
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. -Ernest Hemingway
Haha Im writing a story. And I needed an idea and i finally got one :D
thank you for RTing
Learned some new techniques for trading the emini's on the weekend from my mentor. Wow. It works like a charm almost 100% of the time.
best of luck tomorrow. You'll be back to dropping bombs in BP like I saw you do in Omaha in no time.
Congrats bro
check out this site for some great baseball insight...scout406baseball.com is going to blow up big!!!
True story! Got back from voting about an hour ago. Ballot machine was acting up so hopefully it all made it in ok.
I kinda wish I was at #HL7WGM... There's a few interesting folks here, though
Several hundred marchers moving from near Saturday market in the direction of Pioneer Courthouse square. Chanting, but staying on sidewalk.
"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in." Ha! Friday is here! Voodoo
Thanks for the follow! I'll be sure to stay with you soon! Any job openings? Chicago might have to be my next city. ;)
Raffle tickets are selling like hotcakes! $20 for a wingspan.
thank you for following
I guess I'm going to have to buy a #18 Broncos jersey.
SVU or one of the others?
So fuckin excited for this weekend! Checkin out our boyz in tonight and we headline the Gothic Theater on Sunday!! Hope 2 C ya!
awww ! that is so sweet :) yeah sleep probably is an issue :) are you working a lot too?
Try enjoying a suckers without using your teeth! It's hard.
Studying in the campus center all day for finals. The next week is going to be crazy
Delaware City News endorses Paul Johnson for reelection to his council seat and the position of Vice Chair of the Town Council!
I'm glad you approve!
In the process of due dilligence for launching a family friendly media company
If they push that button, you're ass got to go
I'll give you an invitation..to a back arching, toe curling
I think Dunham's interest in performing her body type in such an open way is compelling. I also like her delivery.
we'll be making our announcements here
Arg.. Is the Twitter app for Facebook broken?
bummer, didn't get the memo, busy washing babies instead.
Water is LIFE! ...2 cups of water upon awakening. GOOD for the organs! Your #Organs #Need #Water #Everyday!
Apparently job seekers in NYC are just as sleepy as those in Twin Cities b/c now I have witnessed someone sleeping at a job fair both places
you need to stop
I'm all for the rain. .BUT NOT TODAY! ! ((SAD FACE ))
“: As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp."”
You know what's awesome? Your fridge/freezer breaking 2 weeks after the dishwasher broke. Yay homeownership.
The busy person's conundrum: I've cleaned off my desk, and now can't find my "to do" list.
thank the lord summer is here.. Pools,coronas,swimsuits...
Should I stop this - DR.
Hey every one!
we're so excited to be able to share your work! RT so excited to be part of this!
My old friend tori sindlinger misses me lol . I miss all my weird white friends before I became mad popular
No review or even mention of Palm Pre on GeekBrief now that it's out? Surely you're not THAT much of an iPhone fangirl.
Crazy stupid love is the best movie ever :)
thanks“: I sent my good buddy to iNG tonight. He loved it! Not surprised though. So much talent”
Area 31 Tonight!!!!! No cover be there!!!
wasn't aware of that last night, thanks for the clarification.
RT Bears and sharks are scary, but w/ the Stork's ability to bring you a random baby, it has to be the most terrifying animal
you are our favorite rapper
Photo tip: Pull your subjects away from the wall that they've automatically walked to for your shot.
I intend on sending you the full length film too. Slide me your address again (i know :() and I'll have them sent this week.
FUCK THAT PARADE OMG
Let the cookie induced coma begin.
Where in La Cantera is the Sur la Table located?
Must kill that is even more beautiful when crying. Therapy and anger management should be on her to-do list.
I'm mean pieces, I went to Richmond Hi what do u expect. Lol
anybody want some brewers tix for tonite?
Most people spend their time trying to find someone to sleep with, I'm just trying to find someone worth waking up to
So glad has a new #TNF broadcast crew. It was a pain to watch before
Could be worse. She could give the money to those on the ground who prop long the Middle East conflict.
go tan to white selff chikkkkkaaaaaaa
Questions heat up! On the floor now, what changes would you make the development policies in the city and specifically transparency of BDC
Great idea!
Can we enforce one ticket one seat for Northeast Regional? Too many seats taken up by just one person and their belogings. thx!
to the Jack-Off who hacked my account, my wish to life long ring sting with no relief
Hey Rik-keep me posted on your shows! I'll try to check my twitter more often since I'm still not on FB! Thx for all yr help Wed!
what's that
So nerdy. So fantastic. RT Watching Cosmos on Netflix.
Give up on what?
Can't wait to see the new choreography! Inspired :)
Love football more than any other sport but the NFL Draft is so boring!!
I am finally getting my engagement ring resized!!
How much is the New PR Pros social at for members?
Everyone pls pray for my niece who was born yesterday by emer c sec & was transferred to the children's hospital for respiratory prpblems!
23 days till i turn 15
The hottest guy in the world doesnt follow me back please follow me u follow my other two accounts
ROBERTT GUESS WHAT!!!
manhattan + internet = amazing
The arrow piece is harder to watch than Burdens shoot.
last night was a crazy one at pink elephant. hotties everywhere. tonight the party takes flight at Retreat nightclub nyc at 12am!
No, Caddyshack was 1980, : Caddyshack (although was that 70's?), Footloose, Top Gun.
"When you order imaging for a patient, you should be confirming a diagnosis, not trying to find one." - William Moreau DC
Thanks, Michael! I appreciate the kind words!
but I lived in TENNESSEE at the time! So ridiculous. And then even though I had no CA address they wouldn't give me my 6mos back
Do do do da da da is all I have to say to you.
man if your on twitter and you're name or bio has #AmbitiousGirl...you get this face -___- that fits into
We made a lot of progress on our new website this weekend. Hoping to finish soon.
Update complete!
Just photo-scouted Orchestra of St. Luke's DiMenna Center. Photographer walked in the "big room" and said "WOW!" Great feeling.
I was all like, 'yeah, I'm going to write a super awesome letter for my Mom for this Sunday' ...Now i'm sat here with writers block.
I love me some pink floyd, styxx, rush, def leopard!!!
Giving 10% of biz profits in 2011 to battered babes and sick/needy kids. NOT the one's where "Momma" sits on the porch bullshittin' all day!
My Celtics lookin to finish this series tonight
Who's getting Stinky tonight?!!
Beach today!
Whenever the Vikings are a good team (2009) you use the "how many Super Bowl rings" argument.
and that's just through the visual system. Doesn't count any of our other senses or receptors.
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?
Ain't that some shit... On the bright side, ethier extends his hitting streak to 28 games.. 4 more to pass all time leader!
that's what's up
Wow I worked out twice today!! Hour at the #gym followed by !!!! Feel so good
practice tomorrow night, nothing in november but the three shows in december will be here soon enough. any requests?
37% of battery ..
re: rappelling. if we ever do a story like that, i'll be your stand-in.
as long as I don't have no felonies I can shoot out there right??
In the event you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it possibly will occur.
I don't know what time it is but I know its time to eat
The band in the studio next to me is covering Steely Dan and KILLING IT. They are probably not thinking the same thing about us.
Fisher and blake shouldve traded jerseys for a second...
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void -- disconnected to Spirit.
Lets go #Yankees!! Hoping Nova can rebound tonight!
“: I really really need to go shopping. #nojoke”... I need money first!
nice. Remember the free gtmw tix next time you dislike your job / encounter a disgruntled bar or shop owner :)
okay! I will :)
DC sports :(
MLB: Caple: Kendrys Morales' wait is over The Angels' Cuban import is back from injury and ready to hammer away
Way better than what i heard earlier, funny how ppl force themselves to say and do things but whatever
Quote of the day: "It sounded amazing, like someone got out some bondo and fixed the shit out of the Pyramids."
not really
hopefully you'll stop being a weirdo :) lol love you scotty bear <3
If you want a feature with me hit up my manager ....... Don't bother if you ain't talkin <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
We're all dying.
Oh lalalalala I'm about to slay myself.
Smokin on loud
when I die I want to be reincarnated as one of your cats.
I'm a beast at hungry, hungry hippo ;)
Good morning <U+2614> smh
Pinball 101 came in the mail today!
you don't smell bad, I love you???
Ugh, standards get in the way of everything. /via
want to feel how it is to be poor in a hot humid summer amongst the third world or even here? Just go to the garage and sit a few minutes!
Tomorrow is Pi Day, you guys.
Do your best Coach! Give me a call sometime.
used to love amazons....but now misses her husband fiercely. dollars + absence + passionate true love =......... tell me!
Nothing like a good hill workout w/
Same adjective you used to describe Citi Field food preview. Does that mean you're going to eat this guy? Awesome...
Foster the people concert was amazing! I recommend everyone seeing them live :-)
#dsi11 created a community in conversation around issues of technology in research + lib arts education
LMAO I love my thug followers.
Schell Light on tap at Bryant Lake Bowl
youre insane. and the answer to your question is no. ;)
I was thinking it would be a "Dunce" cap.
Interesting to note 4 out of the top 10 are Hilton products. This list is also based on size of property.
Hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
"Sometimes we improvise like everyone but us has a script."
There. Is. Nothing. Special. About. #50ShadesAwful. It is not "rescuing relationships" all across the U.S. PORN is rescuing relationships.
must win The Voice....I lalalalallalove him!
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Greek Lemon Chicken...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...M
living in KY makes you tweet things like that!
true that!
Bout to tap
excellent. A pleasure to meet you, also.
If you don't believe you are the best...go home and play playstation because there's nothing but being the very best.
"I've never massaged a pig in my life." (in Nigel Tufnel accent)
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you have a car but you don't even have your permit.
RT Dimitar Sasselov just revealed that NASA's Kepler telescope has uncovered HUNDREDS of new earth-like planets. Incredible.
Dr. Eva Bellin: The events of the Arab Spring have confirmed many truisms held about authoritarian regimes.
Its packed ...At the Grand Bohemian tonight
Thanks for the RT! Happy Passover!
Found the book "Outwitting the Devil" I'm so excited to read it.
We Movin No Need Ta Stand Still.. MA TEAM WINNIN BITCHES!!
Today is the last day for the BMW contest. Make sure your friends tweet us that they're following us because of you.
We are selling a pre-owned PC laptop and Desktop for $599. Call us to learn more 404.629.5200.
guess I'm not going to anything Carrie related in NYC this week. so bummed out right now :(
I'm a terrible archivist in my personal life. Definitely have lots of stuff in shoeboxes.
learning things i never knew about the master cleanse!
jags def but its a pretty wack MNF game
The first thing that entered my mind after watching Peggy was - check #Twitter, this is going to be good
Ain't ready for this work day
Just burnt my tongue. I kept eating...
in Punta Cana this week - no Chi Town on the horizon what about 'choo?
omg i love you im a vlogger to do you play the drums i do
And I dream of some day marrying a girl who is as passionate about gaming as I am
Yes Im ready and excited for u!! Cant wait to dance to our shit lol and thats calls for a celebration!
Google Play Store gift cards: not a bad idea - Android Authority
#show the REO Entertainment adventure continues Club Globel Cannon Drive Beverly Hills UCLA Realtor and USC at&t executive up 2 bat
I may or may not be spending my 21st birthday in Boston. Do you remember Desi's friend Eddie? That's who I'd be living with.
sounds exciting and tiring all at once ;P
#RIPLoti. He had cancer and died last night. You will be missed. <3
THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE DJ IN THE SOUTH AK THA RAZORMAN NO PULL OUT COMING SOON
I'm not sure why I'm watching the X Files, but I'm intrigued by Scully's outfits.
I like my men like I like my tea; Hot&British WithSomeIrishCreme
thanks sweetie LOL
“: Tell Pop the Gomez book tweet started with Cool! Thanks,
director tammy tumbling awesome speaking #herworld. Spoke 2 1000 girls encouraging them 2 pursue college and careers
so unbelievably exhausted and sleep deprived. i'd kill for a nap… but of course, there's no time. :(
Debuting the 60 second hoodie at the ISS SHOW IN Long Beach, CA
some godawful officiating in this game.
Just being in DC feels like something VERY INTENSE is about to happen. Blame West Wing & K Street & Homeland and every Harrison Ford movie
Today is a great day! The weatherman's wrong...no rain. Got up early: finished paper, laundry, a little work.
they finally have WiFi to LA? of course it does, not that i'm not going up regularly. well, yeah for you. :)
thank you for the RT!
tell her I said Happy birthday sweetie
i can be so insecure sometimes, its scary.
My wife and I were once turned down by a dog shelter because we had jobs. (Eventually found a sane shelter and great dog, purely thru luck.)
Haha did anyone else see Tiger Woods at the Stanford game? He looks like an alien! He reminds me of Kif from Futurama lol
The Worst Couple is on NO!!!!!
Distinguishing the qualities of happiness and pleasure is essential to discovering our best self. Jim Woods
Thank you!
eff it, i'm watching 'homeland'
RT Youthful behavior criminalized with Juvenile Crime act of 1974--
Lights Are On at The Makery
I wanna another tattoo and Luffy told me to get a pic of the monster trio on my right fore arm.. monstertrio luffy zolo sanji.
:) The Funk Roberts 6 Week Jump Training Program. massive size
check out this months issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles we are featured under the article "What's the new green" under smart control
I need some sleep
If ya ask me,Ray-J is the villain. He put Kim Kardashian on the map and took Whitney off it.
Snowed lightly in Charleston just now. NWS confirmed 3 tornados in state Friday. Next you will say it will be like spring by Friday ...
Singing cheerful songs to a person with a heavy heart is like taking someone's coat in cold weather.
RT : where r u fools?// By the lobby
I got an extra ticket....
#Unify customers: You can still win a free Unify license! Follow & tweet w/ your Unify url + #unifygallery. First 10 win!
thanks so much!
hey please follow(: it would mean a lot!!
I felt the need to mention it since I saw the news that the Ohio Legislature shot down a bill allowing it. Sadness.
#TeamFollowBack, follow me , i jus follow u
KET debate between my opponent and me starts in 15 minutes. Don't forget to tune in at 8:00.
if I may jump in I would say it is about clear expectations! But it is fun!
Why does everybody have to be so mean to each other? Why can't we all just be happy?
QoTD: "Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped." (African Proverb)
Some ppl hate the glow : D
Who do U prefer...demi lovato OR miley cyrus ? Lest VOTE
I love icarly so much it is my favorite show I don't cARE WHAT YOU THINK.
Economist: Housing shortage coming in 2011, from msn.com, what are these guys smokin??
Hahaha well that sucks for you :P
In a post-season of kickers shanking, the youngest one just blasted it sure as shit
Rick Perry will have a news conference in South Carolina at 11 a.m. ET to announce that he is leaving the race.
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.:-)
I wanna go outside and play
Umm think it's time to write some poetry. Gay.
Come on guys, sign up online...we have summer camps waiting to offer you jobs and the summer of a lifetime!
your welcome:)
Oh fuckk i have to be at school by 7:30.
the secret is you have to bathe in the blood of virgins!!! Forever youth secrets!
I know what you mean...It made me blush when I heard the Fresh Prince shout out *1989* on my car stereo yesterday.
Love what you share with us Appreciate you energy A must follow for inspiration And Thought
They are not different.
Three morning shoots, prop shopping, then shooting two hockey games made for an eventful day. Editing trying to meet deadlines.
RT : Goodmorning tweets, Couldn't get up so I overslept. How you doing? good
As we predicted, AAPL hits 300 today. Excellent options trade.
too short
well it looks as fabulous as the 400 Million Dollar Emerald, the current show on National Geographic Channel right now lol
I put red bull in my coffee pot this morning instead of water. Right now I can see noises....
I wanna be remembered long after I'm gone.
Light weight *aha shut up u tricked me! Lol
Dessert at last
marketers should avoide these stereotypes: nerdy Asian guy, Fresh off the boat, unable to attract women, butt of joke
have you seen his 'love is evil' youtube clip? it is hilarious.
And love like crazy.
Ugh... huge nerd Dan Lipinski continues to insist on carrying around a pocket-sized version of the U.S. Constitution at all times
Heading to Houston for the Birkman User's Conference. Looking forward to spending time with my fellow Birkman "peeps!" And, seeing Dr. B!
Thanks, I'll check them out.
I know the feeling!
Miss. St. Thank you for throwing bottles at Kentucky. Next time, can you throw them at Duke instead? Thanks.
Psalm 19:14 "Let the WORDS of my MOUTH, and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy SIGHT" Words+Mouth+Sight=
Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck? Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today
hey check out mi profile of facebook
It's official. I'm in love with Tyson Ritter. Holy hell.
I heart The Apprentice RT : Omg Donald Trump was listening to us this morning!
#Badgers QB Russell Wilson on : "I went to an unbelievable place …tremendous coach in …great coord. in [Chryst]."
I sensed a little sarcasm in there tis okay tho.
Wow, that got here fast!RT 1 month countdown until graduation! Getting more nervous by the day...
missed you today!!
Check out the August issue of the Business Journal of Milwaukee. Hatch Staffing was named one of the Top Milwaukee Workplaces!
Omg I need to deactivate my fb. Got hacked by dumb fucks
only in denver but its goin well :)
What will happen first... NFL Lockout end or the Pittsburgh Pirates fall under .500?
Blake Griffin is still over hyped. And overrated. And you are all buying into it. Goes to show that ESPN decides who's good or not.
The best part of #ThePitch is reading the tweets from other ad agency people as it airs. I like the show, which means it's doomed.
IM MAKING COOKIES
wow that's I crazy .. hip-hop is back?
Just noticed well been thinking.. All this talk best in class towing whatever Ford, Chevy, & Toyota says. Who really is the best?
My ears are KILLING me -_- Ear infection is coming back. Guess its time to pay another visit to the Dr since I've been sick for a month
But thanks for Friday pm assistance!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else ~ Judy Garland
pumpkin beer is awesome...try smuttysnose if you can, it's the best one I've tried so far. Which one are you drinking?
I love the #Monkees. Sad day. Brother and I grew up watching reruns of the show and listening to cassettes of their music.
That rare occasion of a cute boy coming in m thank god i look cute today
disagreed. How does a coach completely undo what Kiffin F'd up in 2 years? Give me a break. Get real and give the guy 5
1/2 of the NY Smiths (Chris) will be on tonight's episode of "The Office - Tune in if you get a chance!
#IfItWasUpToMe Count Chocula and Boo Berry would #ComeOutToPlay on Safeway shelves twelve months a year
I love az. Tucson to be exact. This is hometown for me.
This is gonna be a summer to remember. So stoked.
I will love you like you love me, unconditionally...
i needa stop re tweeting shit.
Wishing a happy birthday to the lovely !
aww sorry we missed you. Rest up for Friday. =)
At work, feeling like blah
what's one piece of advice you feel is invaluable for a new band to hear?
I have no time to waste and less time to waste it in...JAH BLESS..
HEY! Waddup?! :D
any PLUMBERs around for advice how to make water come out of a tap faster? the end hole is too big, too much water coming out
#ProudOfHarry We love you Babs! <3 Good job. Don't listen to what the haters say. You did awesome. Love you lots. :D
Ok so they cut a huge chunk of ASIB but left HOB virtually untouched......Hm yeah don't like it. Thank God for the BBC.
Brody on FUSE: ironically the digital extras created for it are now useless. the posters, in turn, remain.
I can't wait for you all to hear the new record...not to far from the finish now.
so he's a stop gap until/if Grady returns? interesting.
RT : The feature film has bn revamped & i'm so excited 2 B producing a film that tells the story of "What wld U do 4 luv?"
Well hello ! Thx for the follow. How's Door County?
A little advice for everyone , do not talk to me after at least 30 min of me being awake/semi-awake, even if I role over a
a personal thank you from the star of the film? Priceless! I hope shooting is a breeze tomorrow. Best of luck!
lol! good one. :P
We often have to do that, but the law and evidence are the focus. I would defend her, but it would be VERY different.
do wuts smart... not wuts COOL!!!...
How many people go on this account?
Obliged for the RT.
I wish my girl was here right now...feelin kinda low about mothers day...need some cheering up
Hey, you there. Bring me some cake.
I'm good! Lots of great movies coming out soon! :)
Making some phone calls to make sure people know about the Singles Fall Retreat - September 25-27, 2009.
just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling . (:
RT : GARTH BROOKS is headlining a #NashvilleFlood relief concert on Dec 17. We haven't forgotten. #WeAreNashville!!!
Calling B.'s foxes "domestic" is a pervasive error.
Jrue can't do that or were done
Yikes. Considering a ceremonial delousing after reading that.
Peter struggled with that word!
Thirty minutes just vanished as I watched a show on the top 10 bombers of all time. THIS is why I cannot have cable in my house.
There's still time for Balloon Explorium! Head down today for some family fun, Activities run until 3pm today!
This page is hacked!! Follow my new one for an
What is it?
Logical? Not sure, but Tracy loves Dex's D RT : Is there a logical reason why Colvin has not been starting every day?
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. -Carl G Jung
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body.
please tweet the phone number
On Cue lunch date with my hubs.
Life is full of irony. It takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
Going to get some new #hair today... So excited!! Finding the right one well that the #Life of a
Returned from Palm Springs Shorts FF as a melted puddle of goo. Reasons: (1) superlative film (2) 117 degrees (3) traffic all the way to LA
will you come chat with us when you come back to cali?
Lmao ik its always gonna be funny to me haha
Our magically colorful "Zelda" ocarinas come in 9-hole, 12-hole tenor, & double and triple models, with 3- and 3-octave ranges respectively.
Primed for tonight's RoseBowl? Fill your belly w/ today's Steak and Savory Potato Cakes topped w/ Arugula, Caramelized Peppers & Fonduta.
holy cow it's about time, bridge was under appreciated happy day
Someday I will go to #SXSW. . .
Hugo is just %100 pure movie.
I guess.
Send us some rain!!!!!
OMG!!!! TONIGHT'S REHEARSAL WAS AMAZING W/MY BROTHERS... Love those guys!!!
School was lovely. I'm tired. Gonna ge make some tea and take a much needed nap. Merisahs later? <U+2665>
creative RT : Working on getting these hands back Registered through the Government.
Reimold and Hardy ground out, Markakis lines out to left. Nova makes quick work of the #Orioles. #Yankees up 1-0
Today I'll be performing my civic duty. That's right I have
I'm always at my job 30 mns early, chilling in the lunch room. Haha ...
and and a Christmas song....life complete
apparently, they found people! They overlook the backyard at Stubb's. Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
Patron: "Can you help me? I got a text from Wal-Mart saying that I won $1000." Poor guy. I had to tell him the news he didn't want to hear.
Also the list of "retired" records is down at the bottom of the spreadsheet.
Thanks for the kind words Rodney, and lovin the designs ORCL. Especially "BEENKNOWNMYSELF"! - DC
True. I want my 1st essay to be 10 pages. I'll start my 1st page tomorrow. You gave me an achievable goal. What's your book about?
Delayed start tomorrow
#demoralized on a Sunday night. This is not a good way to start another 60 hour/12 class week.
I am the light of the world, whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life. John 8:12<3
TOURE CRIB...YOU SHOULD GO OVER THIS WEEKEND...
Bummer -- most recent batch of I received REALLY stale. Still tasty, but very hard to chew.
they should have rehab for drinking soda...i swear ill be up in that bitchh errrdayyy...lol
out here trying to get bodied up. Work, school, the usual!
fight me
Looking forward to your gauzy slogans (present or future).
i decided to change my name cuz i can and i dont like Black Veil Brides anymore. i still like there music but thats it
is it too big?
Cain's first walk comes in the 4th inning. He's thrown 54 pitches to this point.
it's on bros
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Always more to do. Enjoy SoFla!
-taking a shower ;) touch me!
New Haven, Connecticut: uhh...
Sun. Nov 13, 10am-7pm - building MKE's largest ever bloody mary. 100 gallons! Come help us drink it. 616 W Virginia St.
Drinking hot tea, listening to La Dispute and answering your emails at 9:30 at night? Sounds good to me! - Shane.
we love you.
": I just let out a big David West style "F*** YES!" Neighbors won't be happy about that." That's better than the D West foul face
I hope that my severed tongue doesn't change our relationship. LOL
Really sucks when your trying to sleep and you see something that gets you thinking & ruins your sleep..
2 key criteriaa to branding a community: Is it different. Is it meaningful.
Kerriann, I am so proud to say that you are one of our outstanding PR students. Congrats!
I met a lot of cats and mnobestvo thinkers, but the wisdom of cats is immeasurably higher.
Syracuse just said, "Badgers? we don't need no Badgers!"
According to my Pinterest pins from tonight I'm really craving cake!
Fellas this weekend leave that BS at home in party like grown people
and are flooding my Instagram with their photos the need to go somewhere we don't wanna see y'all lol......
some bitches for denise and monika B-day
Worst headache of my life. no idea why.
Thanks for including us in your "Best Blogs" post! :)
That's probably a good start for BP. At least it's something!
WANT!!! Pretty sure I could get the publisher to send me a review copy, but I really want one of yours! LOL
sorry he's just really hot
RT : Trust me,MY boys will write in cursive.They'll also pick CASH songs by kindergarten =>both are music to this teacher's ears!
Doing the Carlton Banks dance in honor of 's birthday. Happy 50th!
ugh I forgot I need to do that.
Today is a wonderful day!
I wanted an English degree when I was 18, but was talked out of it. Ended up majoring in economics, then marketing-
Faried is everything that is right in sports
Yes mam! I'll be playing in front of Barney's Beanery from 2-4PM.
First 48 is where I get all of the local Louisville news updates.
food is my bitch.
One way to get a rose....buy
Sorry if anyone is getting messages from me I'm not sending them. My smartphone won't let me change my passdword.
Says the guy who won't move anywhere South of Trenton, East of Newark, North of Paterson, and West of Orange.
That's no excuse!!
The best all around capture software is Adobe Acrobat. Make sure you have one license for the Pro version in your office ($449.00).
Ancient remains of popcorn at 4,000 year old Peruvian archaeological site: physorg.com/news/2012-01-a… Another article (via )
Msg to the nasty rodent that somehow got into my home today: R.I.P.
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!!
Fixing me somethin to eat .
Tied with out Sullinger playing much. Thad is a happy camper.
good luck , rock it
At this point I mostly just miss your six pack abs
what r u talking about
The #Patriots Bill Belichick named #NFL coach of the year
thanks for the suggestion
Thanks Marshal! We really appreciate it!
The only problem with this time of the year is the fact that I start slacking and start to not care about school. Wait I did that all year..
alright alright, check this out.. 3, 2, 1.. check your phone
Creative minds are rarely tidy.
Thank you you for helping us spread the message, and the good.
I'd be trying to pick Braun off of 1st, too, if I were Arroyo. Test that Achilles.
girl I don't even know hahaha
Men's choir killed. Womens Chamber killed. Chamber Singers killed. Concert Choir about to kill. But what else is new? We're Central xP
You can make lots of money renting out rooms!
Long wait for DC election results
Cool off with a Slurpee drink and kick back with a movie. FIVE Slurpee Rewards points will get you a Redbox DVD rental!
every 200 women is born with a third
he's so cute
Thoughts on your Lumia 900 so far?
I wanna go out to eat this weekend tho !
RT : Tonight is game night at against the Wave. Come on out
So what if I act like a guy? Doesnt involve you in anyway you stuck up bitch.. .-.
all I want for my birthday is for you to follow me. On twitter..or real life, whatever works for you.
THE hottest girl is on the golf channel right now! She can actually hit the ball too!
Call a contractor you can trust. Mr.D's painting for all your home renovation needs.Painting,drywall,crown moulding and more. 619-562-5848
Great come back win today #Giants! Time to celebrate with a #bartab drink!!
Give ya inch, you take a mile :-)
Many bizarre history tidbits in DC, but my favorite is that Michael Jordan actually "played" for the Wizards for 2 seasons.
Sometimes I wonder if he's on his man period. -.-
because he is a Laker....
White girl politics, and that's that Sarah Parlin
Why do people keep wanting Faberry to happen? It's
what was I saying?
Greetings from Moab, where the stunning scenery is considerable comfort while enduring #civilunions anguish
something! Ive had like 4 full meals in the last 3 days
Nothing against Chris Mortensen, but Adam Schefter is infinitely better on TV. Easy to forget he was ESPN's NFL face guy pre-Schefter.
Success is that is simply a matter of achievement is hollow and immature...
took me a sec to figure out it was you..lol
that sounds delish right about now!
What was Marty thinking? Hugo is the most godawful fail I've seen in a long time.
Sorry I can't message you unless you follow me. Can we just get a refund on one bag of frozen corn? acct:
how would mo beat jones?
Welcome to the Pageant Center Twitter!
Dont even feel bad. u did nothing. u were mad because i wasnt on? wow. just be greatful you dont have me anymore. just bye
having a scotch at the office #dondraper style before i head to madison square garden
HAD A GREAT TALK WITH MY NEW PR TEE-MACK....READY TO WORK!
"As the roof was leaking, a Zen Master told 2 monks to bring something to catch the water. 1 brought a tub, the other a basket..." (1 of 2)
#fact when I'm mad I'm mad. Point. Blank, period.
I LOVE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT FOREVER!!!<3333:)
Congrats to parents and my next door neighbor. RT 2012 G Joe Rahon just informed me that he has committed to Boston College.
#dear14YrOldSelf you get that thing I sent ya
RT : RT : In every girls life; there's a boy she'll never forget and a summer where it all began
You're right. More than their share of tragedy.
I always dreamed DJ Tanner might one day portray me on film. That day is now.
Happy Halloween :)
Chilling chilling like a villian
lol, she was really lookin like "ooh who is this cute guy?"
i'm going to be reppin a #salty shirt too! (:
I'll wait.
We done did everything they could think of Greatness is what we on the brink of!
The lazy Song By Bruno Mars is thee Shit (:
scraps celebrated earth day all day yesterday.
Nice tweet. : Mike implies a modal shift. Trey reels it back in
you betcha! Hope the show went super well!
is seeking a strong candidate in #NY with experience to fill a position within the Insurance Practice Area as a Topic Specialist.
spent a beautiful early morning along the tidal basin taking pictures. definitely forgot how early old people like to get up.
RT : 2/1912 — Eleanor H. Porter publishes ‘Pollyanna’ creating a new word in the English language.
YOU PUT YOUR CAP JAUNTY ON YOUR HEAD SEAN BURNETT! #NATS WIN!
I'm pretty sure Tim Sullivan's hair doesn't have a Twitter handle.
Didn't work the first three times...not gonna work the fourth
Rex Pickett tweeted this the other day and I love it ! Talent + Perseverance= Luck
Good luck thinking like a man; ladies cause you miss what makes you so special to us, your thoughts.
HELP WANTED: Culpeppers is looking for experienced cooks.
i have been on hold for 20 min plus and your email form will not allow me to submit a request for help
All I See In My TL Is : People Starting , Going To The Mall , Or Work etc >.< `
Lots of stories on the problem, virtually none mentions the kids let alone the affects on their academic outcomes.
#Mistletoe is amazing great job <333333 Love yeww
what a champ :)
It's easy to treat people poorly when you have a large network but if you want to keep friendships you must treat people with respect
I CANNOT wait for 7am tomorrow morn. Gonna be doin what i do best. Till then....policy paper time.
Def makes it go faster! : Hooray! I got to work out alongside (@ Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center)
Well... Melissa isn't going solo right now anymore. She's doing theater right now and LP is not over, just on hiatus.
Say hi to from Brady Street in MKE.
15 of the Most Popular Pictures on Pinterest
Cheers, brother! Thanks for the kind words!
Chatting with all my guys by facebook! I love Them!
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Estate starting at 50.00 305-232-3344
haha my bad I got you tho and you still go to Turner right?
They should be able to, I think it's just a few more $$ for shipping...
i have so much on my mind. i cant believe he would do this to to me. :/
Loved what I learned about Tweetdeck. Got to go. Thanks.
don't let it stop!
I distract myself PLENTY, I don't need you to do it for me
you & your hubby are in trouble, & I are taking some serious notes & are ready to crush you guys in Idol fantasy!
First time going to uncle bacalas and not eating the cotton candy
Battlestar Galactica reference - lost on the non-nerds
What do you need to consider if you want to stay in your home after going through a divorce?
Glad I found the Summit Series documentary NBCSN is airing in lieu of the Caps game here. Great pregame viewing pick.
Get out, right now, it's the end of you and me
call me
Is that talk online anywhere yet?
Okay, just signed off the computer. Officially on vacation for a few days! Off to Charleston SC in the morning with !
rihanna just boosted chris browns career and killed hers in the process... why? Yes u both are dope artists but R looked desperate..oh well
Love it! :D
Omg I just realized that 2omf look Iike they could be brothers lmaooooo
heading to the east coast
Tony stewart on the pole at charlotte go smoke
Tired of people not pulling their weight, and then act like it's no big deal
When you do a farmerblow and don't know where the boog went.
Right Tho!. Smh My Phone Could Use A New Friend Lol.
is so dang hot
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
what up. you like t smoke the toke and fly into the distance / reply ye sor no to a prize.
Dunno... Haven't been to Fenway since '88!
Screw that. RT : Win or lose, Nuggets showed out this playoffs...
I still can't believe is following me :D
Does anyone know where the cheapest place online is to get flesh colored liquid latex for prosthetics and projects?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEO!
nope ... Let me negotiate the $2 mill contract for 1 year $1 mil guarantee fills a need
Bwahaha! RT : So anyways, Uecker just said he doesn't tweet. Also, he mentioned that he doesn't twat either.
i wish i was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us. <3 &
Worked on fixing my dryer all day. Took it all apart. Replaced heating element. Took ALL day. Put it back together. STILL no heat. Mad
Stuffed Animal Sleepover may be the most adorable preschool programming of all time.
Lights get low and thts when I have my brightest ideas
Just sent you a Skype request. :)
It's a beautiful weekend here in Florida. Too nice to sit at my computer so I'm going for a long walk. Happy weekend. www.lindaswift.net
Production costs getting 2 high 4 your events? Let JSL Productions help out. We have served the CCM industry proudly 4 tours and festivals
Thank you, very much.
Good morning my little rain drops!!
"only show images with transparent background" would be such a useful filter for google image search.
I don't feel okay
aw yall are so sweet :) reading ur tweets to each other makes my day :) <3
I want to be a spy one day, until then I'll be hanging out in peoples bushes for experience.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours
Crazy aint it! How's the ATL fool?
Well, there goes my whole retirement plan.
Not feeling so good this morning. Still peeved about Bulls loss. Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!
So tired.... So tired of being Good! Need to shake it up
Thanks! Glad to pass it on!
that was boring . . .
Cool, I'm at work lol. My name in the game is bobafet1966
Thanks for the shout out Lisa!
good tweet Tony!
I want to see a stadium for the Beavers IN PORTLAND! Still think the RQ is the best, but otherwise, why not the post office?
- Welcome! Glad to connect!
Dm. It is a pleasure to meet you. I just asked your company if they wanted to work together on Academics in the USA.
O I love knot breads
Finally saw THE HELP- sincere, even moving in parts, but also highly problematic. Glorified Lifetime Movie accusation not far off.
A source told the Tampa Times Chip Kelly is finalizing a deal to become the Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach. Watch now.
misspelled BlackBerry as VlackBarry
if she can't give out any information then clearly Justin must be there:)
I haven't been sleeping well lately and this morning my alarm didn't go off ; idl how the hell I'm even up
we're like *this close* to all NHL games being simulated on XBox.
WE NEED TO RIDE TO THE BEACH AN HIT THE WATER U DIG
sweetie I may not be Jack Barakat but you should really write that essay
Next week. Regular season ends Monday. Most games likely to be Friday, but some could be Thursday or Sat.
These Kobe system commercials are hilarious.
Havent even had my first kiss yet. would really like it to be you. ;)
Thanks for following back! Love your videos. :)
Lol calm down!!
I guess you don't like him because he's similar to you? At least your public persona?
Ikea is hell on earth.
Its time to talk to us twitter. Where you at!? Tweet at us!
let's start taking bets... bobby v doesn't make it past june.
We can discuss further tomorrow.
they probably already think you're creepy...
Love is something you have to wait on. If love takes years, day, and months. But it'll be something that you waited on:LOVE
A nice paring for a new tea kettle or pair of tea cups, right?
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher
Thanks to everyone who came out for our first Mobile Cafe event! We will be announcing our next event in the next two weeks!
Get an "Earthquake App" for your phone or tablet...watch the worldwide increase in Earthquakes! 2012 is here!
Cheers to that. :)
bahaha my stepdad is so embarrasing i swear!.-. dropping me off at school then screaming my name like a phsyco:o
How big is the NFL. ESPN has a special prime time sports center to talk about the NFL releasing their schedule. NBA is envious.
just now seeing this, as I'm sitting outside class :/ RT #JMS490, take the rest of the week off. Tomorrow's seminar postponed
"Blackbird singing in the dead of night - Take these broken wings and learn to fly." ::the beatles::blackbird::
Fast 5 out on Tuesday! About time jeez!!
MY DICK MY RULES BUT I PROMISE I'LL MAKE IT GOOD.
three days in hard plastic chairs...yes, it's conference time.. (but *totally* worth it!)
Last 24 hrs: Phantom Menace - why did they even bother? And Bladerunner - genius movie, but dating fast.
Love yourself. Because somewhere, somehow, there's someone who'd kill to be YOU :)
Signed up for my first half marathon today. Guess I should start training, May 6 will be here before I know it.
: nearly died from stress, then from sprinting up 's back garden
RT : On last mention of blogs..if you think potential employers arent searching for your blog posts, youre mistaken.
Toby talks about his new song in our 'Red Solo Cup' branded intro and says its the 'stupidest song ever'. Check it out on
come to the Parlour and see it for yourself!
I love reading GC fanfictions & GCImagines! If u have one u think I should read send me the link :D
Design symposium happening right now, come check it out!
Quote: “The most dangerous food a man can eat is wedding cake.”
Sounds good! I'll try to contain my prolixity to 900.
Hello heather. nice to meet u im
I'm not liking what I'm seeing n the DMV on certain aspects. Dis move wit GOD is my key to HEAVEN'S GATES!!!!
I don't understand how people don't have a favorite band. Like this.
that s*** pisses me off
#NoteToFemales #SinceWeBeingHonest When guys say you have a #BigBooty. That's just a #NiceWay of saying you're
Hating my elbow right now. Its in rely bad pain.
Great week at Embedded Systems Conference ended with an excellent Multicore Association meeting and one final customer meeting. Whew! What …
Can't wait for Q&A. Is it still on? Waiting patiently to delve further into the mind of Shocko...
Excited For New Jonas Album 5
me please!
MT courtesy of Yahoo's , audio of exchange btwn & on RNC/immigration
On the mall :)
Watching a lady wash her car with a bottle of water and a washcloth in the Kroger parking lot
ill be there double fisten some coors. hope to see you there
RT : I've never skydived but I've checked Twitter on my phone while standing over a toilet. So, I get the gist.
I bought me an old bolo tie and a United Farm Workers button that says "Boycott Lettuce". Could've bought a Emiliano Zapata poster too.
I swear dudes can just be so stupid....
G.M.N.I.: They call her Sin City. However, she poses no threat to me. Honestly, I plan on seducing her.
We just randomly talked about The Muppets on , Intern said Swedish Chef was best of all time, I said Beaker was the dopest
#YouShouldNever give up on your dream! If you want it, go for it.
I had a job in Brooklyn want to interview me, but it pays only $9.50 an hour.
Me too
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30, MICROLOAN USA is a look at “microfinance” - loans to those who do not have access to typical banking services.
and thanks for tweeting take aways from #ssrc - I'm learning from my office! Hi to colleagues for me.
I knew Alito wouldn't show
“: Did clay get hurt? :(” hopefully not that bad
in the house of the canary orchestra.
i hear u lol what mall u near
My parents think my friends are bad influences. But honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
hah exactly! I love Zep but not for their "lyrical prowess"/"goodness" of lyrics-qua-text doesn't indicate a damn thing
And I have a Wordpress one. I happened to use that one to post at least two entries for Blogathon. Very easy to use.
Thanks to everyone that came dancing last night! We had a great time. Check back soon for pictures! :)
just woke up; I should really do some homework, but I always find an excuse not too... that's not good.
Haha better! Remeber it's good with Hot chocolate. Rumchata is best itself chilled.
#IfIMeetJustinBieber I would first ask him if eats ants on a log while doing his homework.
they were coming at him & D Wade on an equal level for once lol
New special: sweetheart mocha aka camryn's special. White mocha amaretto and cherry. Hot or iced
I hate working retail sometimes
Yeah-- that would be great-- Thx! it's
RT : Heart goes out to Avenged Sevenfold for their loss (via )
I don't text me hun
Getting our professional wedding pics and video today!! Yeeeee!!
sorry if my account sent you spam!! Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry, I already reported it to twitter SORRY :(
if someone helped you this week, send them a note of thanks (or text, tweet, post, call)
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+84DD><U+8272>(<U+85CD><U+8272>)[lánsè] blue
Gov Dayton says he is still in listening mode on Vikings stadium
Shuttle to O'Hare arrives in 20 minutes!
Aahh crap not this again
Comcast has it on HD channel, it's 999 at my mom's. Top 3 commentators in order... 1. Gary Thorne, 2. Bob Cole, 3. Doc Emerick
2nd spam of the day ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
NBA is back!!
I guess u all wasn't haiting on us when cal came to uk either was ya
of course you hear that. #weekendfail call me maybe on repeat next weekend.
ABOUT TO FINISH OFF MY BLUNT FROM LASTNIGHT!
I'm surprised people are actually caucusing for the Republican candidates today. You all realize they are all batshit crazy, right?
I haven't heard that one - valet parking for the Flintstones.
Thank you lovey! :)
Happy Star Wars Day! MAY THE FOURTH be with you!
Sunday funday ! More like Sunday I'm too hungover to do anything day -__-
good omfg i feel so creepy now but it's okay because i love you
RT : If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. ~ W. Churchill...
Short turn arounds are for the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>s
sonic for breakfast? i think yes. \m/
Ur the perfect combo of thug intellect swag charm handsome political n southern too!
me too! haha thanks! :)
Did you have a good birthday????
yes always. def connect soon.
Ps96 sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD all the earth 2 Sing to the LORD, bless his name; tell of his salvation from day to day.
I'm in mobile strategies panel at #mhtaspring .. 2 healthcare firms for whom major issues are compliance, security, lockdown
I'm OK. Just kinda tired. Still trying to figure this girl out! :)
you been M.I.A
which smithosonian are you at?
RT : Oh, and big ups to the #WeAreFNX tag. Let's put that on everything.
awee that's cool! And nothing really lots of volleyball.
Missing home (Philly) :-(
I made meatballs for the first time ever and they came out good!!
#1BU looks like a measurement of somr sort.
Free Newsboy tix, leather Bibles, CDs & DVDs on K-LOVE prize wheel tomorrow 12-2 at Chronicles! PS: bring non-persh food for the StoreHouse.
the twerkn one and I think one of the grinding ones lol. We're bout to b showin to the world
Ain't the beer cold! Go O's!
Dance fucker Dance! Nice work u did your gonna go far kid!
Yikes. Bet it was still worth it.
First power dip already in White Hall / Crozet. This does not bode well considering the storm has just begun... snow is mighty heavy.
can't believe you didn't natural flash at the end of chuck season finale.
Planning a Trip to Cincinnati, Check Out Some Resources Around the Area
Take as much time on the creation kit as you need. When it's released, my business productivity is going down the drain.
glad you likey!!!
My ideal of my prince.. A canadian boy in purple supras <3
I think you had to be here before 12... :-(
Diet coke in thermos = success
Safe travels to #TK11. We look forward to meeting you. Come by and visit Portico's booth
nombre girl lmao!!! Your gonna have a lot of confessions ah lmao!
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW YU WERE SENT BY ME! SHE OPENED FOR CODY IN NOVEMBER OF 2011!
Two and a half days until United Capital makes a splash on the #DylanRatigan show. Check it out to have your MIND changed!
Period space. Not period space space. That is all.
some others we work with that are truly the best in the game julian robles photography
lucky! I was so excited I forgot to get a picture.
Looking forward to TAB the Band tonight + London Souls! Need a good ol' jam bam ho' dwn Nmy life. Perks my poodle. Mercury Lounge
I shot it at los zetas
My back is killing me
I will not waste my time watching "live blogging" of the iPhone unveiling, I will not, I will not... damn, I'm watching it.
thanks so much! It was great to meet you and know that we're practically neighbors :)
Go Squirt!~~
Thanks for the shout-out on news at 10pm tonight. Please keep the weather forecast looking good for Saturday!
Means says damage to marble at Capitol from tape will cost 7 figures.
R u ready 2 get on oovoo!!
New listing and showing this weekend. 1032 Spruce Street #200. 2:30-4:00pm. #Open House in Philly
God loves you and has great blessings in store for you, so even on your worst day, you have a #million reasons to smile! :D!!!
Dear waitor, you're retarded.
Hey, I was thinking and it'd be great if your lips could meet mine.
“: Super quote cited by my friend : "if you don't like change, you're gonna hate irrelevance"”
happy wonderful birthday fo your HUGE 21st to the very kind and thoughtful 1(you- Alex !!!)- have (i hope you are ....
Nice!! Hell yeah dudes!! RT Congratulations to - winners of the 2012 WGN Radio #Cubs Song Contest!
my choices create my reality
Im good I just need to get this paper and studying done
How will I get the beer? FTP?
ASTD Int Confer EXPO was great. Lots of new vendors and ideas. Going back tomorrow to finish it up
"the damn gate" lmao
AAWWW.. THANKS SO MUCH.. SO EXCITED.. THANKS FOR TWEETING ME!
See you and tonight!!!!
Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: Let Your Internal Cat Video Out To Play
If I buy an Xbox360 or PS3 to play Deus Ex Human Revolution & write about it, can I write it off on my taxes?
Two straight years of record-low All-Star ratings. Time for MLB and/or Fox to make some changes?
The U.S. National debt is eqivalent to about 1/3 of all the money in the world - wow!
chocolate mousse by jello. yay. how about coffee mousse? :-|
Fantastic! Congrats. :) RT Officially registered at The University of St Francis!
omg hey dominic!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
ah yeah, well it looks really good. hasta get w/ it, i guess
SAA is happening. Stop by booth 510. Check out our great books
smiling but we're close to tears
Nice range by Cabrera on a tapper. I think he'll be fine at 3B.
What an episode!
Happiness is a perfume you cannot poor on others without getting a few drops on yourself!! :D
HOW DO I CHANGE MY PICTURE?
#artpolitics Slater Bradley JFK Jr. Flm tracks the everydayness of citizenship without being oppositional. Flies beneath the radar....
You asked me about that lil petty shit and i kept it real !.
Do not want to get out of bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in & heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED
this is NEW FOOTAGE. He just climbed into a grizzly's den.
Google Play?
i'm starting to realize, MAYBE THE REASON WE LIVE is to change someone else's life
RT : All teachers need a PLN ... Couldn't agree more #isastc AMEN!
Thank you for everything. I like your songs
get your youth into core training..follow us also at Youth to Core and implement the program into your team sports
Hot! “: LOL! RT : HOW HOT ARE FITZ &amp; OLIVIA TOGETHER??? that's ME sayin' that, it must be true. ;-}"
“: whore” i learned from the best!!!
Why is ppl texting me happy mothers day... nigga i am not a mother dont text me that shit
#Gatekeeper…Someone Who Will Stand Between You And A Experience.
Rahsaan Patterson - Stop By
#meandyoucantdate because you say you have a jail mentality. #thankyou and
you have a pool? o.O
Wow. When did I go over 1,000 tweets? I guess I can just count backwards to find out, huh?
Today is the last episode of Jersey Shore #Salt Dude I am going to be bored as fuck on Thursday nights now.
does anyone know any fun games to download from the app store
At a wedding, thinking to myself, there ain't no way I'd wanna go through all that trouble.
My science homework involves drawing a picture = <3
Im drunk
Very nice! Hope #dragoncurve went well.
Long work day ahead. here we go!
good! Where have you been today though, texted you a few times and now molldoll is group texting us.
We are all confused. I hope they do the same with #Scandals tomorrow night! Extend, extend, extend!!
its okay, it was worth a shot. We caught up with you guys at the Filling Station lol
Great store audit today. bam!
Torrence better wake his little booty up before I go on this field trip.
": wi defense is terrible" after one drive? Nebraska's offense is pretty good
I miss 's cakes & cookies, coffee breaks w/ & , & hearing about love for manatees!
I feel a re-mix coming on....
so I guess there won't be anymore talk of girl... you know since he's a loser and all
Ok tweople you aren't exempt from me speaking spanish to you, everyone contributes.
let's make bunkbeds and have a slumber party! You know, to celebrate. :) Hah
To please or not to please???? Smh lmao
the horrible feeling when you can tell your leg is about to cramp up
Doyle always said the DNR Chief should be selected by the Board. Well, until he became Gov. Then he changed his mind.
RT Enter our #StepIntoSpring #giveaway for a chance to win #free #NikeiD shoes! Just RT & Follow us, it's easy!
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm - She's Got Your Goat! - The Chattanoogan
11 more followers and ill get 2 100 .11 people please follow i'll follow back i swear
GoodNight Twitter. Going to go see my girl tonight;D <3
#titanic. As many times as I may watch it, it never fails to make me cry
play with us, Chad.
san diego does not want you to leave, yet..... :(
Well, I still consider the city to have been blessed by your righteous escape from the womb. Can you recommend a shape?
Jessie wearing a shirt in #breakingbad - EDM is beginning to appear everywhere (and I love it!)
We want at least one more game at home Nuggets. Let's go!!!!!
Seeing Father's Day from Troma
Pumped to present with today. It's going to be like the movie "Bring It On" but with more dancing.
I'll take that as a no...
you both deserve it for being so talented :)
OK HOMies, here is a very rough mix. I can't wait for you to hear Paul! Hope you like it!!!
Gay marriages have started war? *crickets* You have the right to be religious even after the fact you create hate/discord.
I pretend like I don't care , but I do .
Can't say we blame you. RT : If i eat anymore cheesecake from I'm not going to be able to work tonight.
but if we're in a time when the majority has this "problem," are we alienating ourselves by not embracing it?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake- Pancake Brothers (Jonas Brothers)
A week off sounds nice. I'd love to have a few days doing nothing at all.
h town in the house!
The reason McCarthy defers the opening kickoff is because of first halves like this one.
This couple across from me is on their second pitcher. And my meal was delish. I heart Col Brooks.
Agreed! A long wait, but appears it might be worth it...
If you can take care of flight, time and that perfect person, we'll let YOU and only YOU book at 50% OFF!
See you there Monica!...We're excited about LeVar Burton ourselves!
Sprint Cup is coming to Las Vegas ... The Sprint 3g coverage on the Las Vegas strip is horrible and 4G on the strip is nonexistent HELP US
Closed mouths don't get fed .
Happy New Year to all our followers! We're hoping for another excellent year here at Indiana Beef and wishing you and yours the best!
Northport game tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> so pumped<U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
enjoy it! while the 20's last.
deep pretzel logic #pretzellogic ...pretzel logic applied?? DO YOU UNDERSTAND DEEPER LEVELS OF PRETZEL LOGIC? apply now.
Hopes the state where I earned my college degree does the right thing today! No to Amendment 1!
Giving a shout out to ; Everyone follow her (;
Come see The Bellmen during #SXSW for the best time of your life.
he sure did lol.....she's being kind of pathetic, it's almost sad....almost
RT : Time management is a key factor to success.
i shouldnt hae to remind yo bay n k ill look
Added fuel to the fire thank you
New Belgium - Pink Peppercorn IPA
lmao im just now seeing this...i wouldve been dying laughing
I hope you get them on the bottom of your feet so they kill when you're wearing your hockey skates.
Well besides the used ME3 thing, he has to pay for the online now. lol
its a data based question for ap history
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
one direction!
just found out that the GM on the Rangers went to my school....
I know, me too. Next subject should maybe be about planting or gardening. I need some serious motivation here, lol!
I'm going to take up piano.
Sipping on some Masala chai from
"Into your hands I commit my spirit." (Luke 23:46) His work done, Jesus dies safe in God's hands.
Hehehe RT : "do you follow my mother on twitter" "...ya"
Thank you for the support Miguel!
rainy days are my kind of days
Construction in Britain shows resilience
Sitting in the sunshine with my cat. Lovely afternoon! I'm getting pretty excited for summer. <U+2600>
and ya say pistol city...!
Do you turn the light on when you poop? #RandomThought #ToiletTweet Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Haha! Understood. Believe me...there's a steep learning curve involved! But it's worth it. And u get to feel like a badass. :)
RT : Who or what is your biggest burlesque inspiration? Tag your response #BQinspire so we can see the answers!
dimples are the cutest thing ever
Listening Ends With You- By: .OMG it is such a cute song LUV IT you have to listen to it
If it were not for hope, the heart would break. - Thomas Fuller
btw its not none-facebook its non-facebook
Finally got around to watching #Bridesmaids. Hilarious, if quite disgusting.
AnnoyGiantFan: Remind him that wherever he goes in Giants Stadium, that place has likely been occupied by Rex Ryan's foot.
what do the emails say?
Another doctor visit
I had no clue that was singing with Drake in trust isues he sounds soo freakin' hott!!
Enjoyed #Teatime immensely today! This has the potential to become a global movement :)
well i have part 10 wrote all i need to do is type it up but twitlonger wont let me log on, idk why, i will try to post it tomorrow
so uh NBD or anything, but I got 100% on my final project for this class.
well. today was great until the highschoolers got on the bus .
Oh, man...please...PLEASE stop with the iPad comparisons! My iPad2 isn't even 6 months old!!! Argh......
hm ill see
Inquiring minds wanna know, Brad! Who's babysitting the kitties??
When I'm scrolling through instagram really fast and like ever picture <<<<
those two don't seem to be on the schedule
What's so great about one night stands? Personally I feel that two nightstands balance a room better.
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
This is the month that I found Austin on YouTube last year when he was just starting out.
I'm super cool, then!
Happy Mother's Day ladies
heyy girly! so i was watching get smart and idk y but i reansomly felt the need to "tweet" u....so HEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY54321
I'm Not Good At Math But I Do Know That Me + Justin = 69 ;)
and you have no room to talk cuz to team so sorry they need to be in the d league
#BadFirstDateQuestions Uhh, could you order something off the kids menu? I'm a little short.
Got to love it “: I give credit to his team opened them only hours after the schedule was announced
Fight For Better US: Crossroads political machine funded mostly by ...
RT : "While the US has almost 50 million Latinos, only 174,000 have Ph.D.s" (2011 Census).
trying to get a job at starbucks! whould you hire me?! hahah
Be strong Stay ICONic goodnight (: ~ Maricarmen
Rep. Swerdfeger, R-Pueblo, says he'll be a no on #coasset bill.
no thats why I wanted to come down so I could meet him lol. Idk if they still need someone.
Lord, Thank you for keeping me focused on my goals; for your daily reminder of how far I've come!
In an amazing mood thanks to the sun!
Finally got my mitts on a copy of Aftermath. While reading it I'm sending some Calif. good vibes to you & yours.
my friends are scaring me lol
it's great to be a Florida Gator!!
Yeah! And dishes too....I'd be cool if they took a break as well...
it's the talk of our Oscar watch party. Heard: "I can't stop looking at it!"
Anyone know much about Googles Adwords?
Oh yeah..
Her ass is hungry
It was the way it ended that was the let down.
The web monster is hungry, and always wants more stories. But now it's time to feed my belly. I have a standing appointment at Mati's.
What you dooing here? Youre NEEDED somewhere else
My first $2 Tuesday!! :)
#imagine Niall walks by and you say " OMG " he turns around and hugs you.
Asked for a cookie and was told they were ONLY for
My new work opened for exhibit in Hawaii today. Catch the show and enjoy! Thank you Carolyn.
my doe be shinin like its yella diamonds
Remember when i was hot for trace cyrus. WHAT WAS I THINKING? OMFG. HFKDSHGK LOLOLOL
I know! Good, but just as it was before haha :)
RT : And that's all it takes to change something's nature...just a little duct tape
you go girl! you're very talented and all that!
so true! Any specialty cocktails today?
Online cataloog of all Nunn Center's 8,032 interviews coming soon...stay tuned, this is really cool.
I just received an article from my principal titled, "Homework: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly." Clearly, she's a reader.
I've met the whole crew. except Austin, Alex, Zach, Robert, Frankie, Connor, Andrew, Dave, Cameron, and Mama. oh wait
- Lol. Yes! And now it's 4:41am and I still haven't gone to bed yet. Lol.
I wanna be Jon Stewart's correspondent. It would be awkward coverage, guaranteed. Right?!? Ok you don't have to answer.
Agree. RT : Pretty much all he can do, is dunk. That classifies as being WAY overrated.
whale, that'd b funn(: i'm uberly excited 2 start dance back up!!!! Yee(:
Did the place deserve to have "English Pub" in the name, or is it just some colonial marketing BS?
but it's thursday the 3rd?????
A girl in my class is wearing a pink tutu?
U got it! Thank you!
Another planning ahead question, as we plan for our re-opening in September. Music in our reading lounge, yes or no?
'What? Sit down here and talk to me, son, what are you saying?'
I'm a BIG Dreamer :)
Come to Brookhaven Wesleyan Church tonight! Marion, IN @ 7:30, $5! A benefit for World Hope Int./Anti-Human Trafficking.
that's amazing!! :)
Thanks for the mention.
i don't understand! are you live tweeting a date?! can we live tweet our next meeting? ps #DCisCooool! come visit.
Thanks, Helen!
Had a great time at event! Great to catch up with old friends - yeah that's you & !
the Lord had to scale back the Jews from the higher law to Mosaic law after THEY had just gotten out of slavery also.
If you care about education and want to #makeachange then help us and tell your followers to follow !
#20ThingsAboutMe, I try hard to have everyone and anyone like me. It just bothers me when people don't like me..
no like the thing you took before you tried out last year
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout can you borrow
So like... New TRS song coming out next week!!
its its going gd man check me out
Hi,I'm preparing to launch this product and would love to know if you can help me. I'm looking for vast exposure.
RT : I agree. My 40s have been the best of my life. LOL >> Amen!
please call shop 4 details, thx
Feelin nostalgic...actually listening to some DMB from 99.
Early morning news looks like Vince Young has signed with the Eagles and former Cowboys WR Roy Williams is going to Da Bears.
I know, we're closing Nov/Dec so slammed :( Going to try to visit at some point though! xo
You heading to Old Scottsdale for Giants v Indians today?
Not too late to get the Early Week Specials! Stop on in.
Ebanks acting like he important.
you know, frampton lives in cincinnati. is that why you're really stopping over here?
7pm and i'm extremely tired
Think only the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best.
I just want to fuck something early
Given SAP is an expert in data, Why would you have someone sign up for a newsletter by ONLY entering their email?
I just did 145 push-ups, and I don't think I'll be able to lift my arms to feed myself tomorrow.
haha! Are you going to their concert in NC?
I adore when people come in from out of town.
slime??? i dont know whether to cry or laugh
Is it just me, or did Tracks smell a little like body odor and bad decisions last night?
Having a lot of fun with my friends at school so far today. Keep the birthday love coming.
": "Aim for the bushes!" RT:Why on earth did you and jump off that building in 'The Other Guys'?"
My manager just said, u look so cute with that red lipstick... lol, I wasnt sure how 2take it. dont like her. But Thanked her nonetheless:-)
oh... It's definitely time
Evan Meek is another term that says "Joel Hanrahan's job security". Kid doesnt look like he'll ever be a set up man again
's biggest accomplishment in life is trending on Twitter...or successfully jacking off in the back of the classroom
Well looks like Bosingwa will have to do it himself...
Wow, so many cool new #followers to meet! Happy 2 meet u!
Hmm which to choose? Watching HTML tutorials or listening to 's #AllAmerican again... Yeah, I'm going with "All American" : )
Great meeting you as well. Hope to work with you again soon.
now I really have to work on my "SEXY AND I KNOW IT" lol
Also, it should be noted that our assistant principal has a great voice! She was singing along to Beautiful with our 4th grade choir!
Snow flurries in philadelphia!
Love the sound, welcome! Get ready to drink a lot of virtual #coffee ! cc
Calling all folks in Brownsville... See Matt 'sLounge 2night at 7 to find out "Where Can You Go?" w/ the new Cans
“Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.”- Samuel Beckett
RT : ArtWorks is excited to attend the 13th Annual MANDI Awards on Wednesday, March 28, 2012.
Indian Classical Dance - Odissi Dance Performance with Shefali Shah, at the La Pena Cultural Center, Berkeley, Sat, December 4, 8pm
really hope y'all come to Milwaukee...
RT : If you are by a TV at 3:30 p.m. EST, catch me on And yes that IS a new dress I'm wearing ;)
Down with religion and down with all flags. Hello guys, how are you?
you can definately tell which one is Louis!;)
Taking dance class this summer.
no way! Those sneaky little suckers..lol
If all goes well, i will be releasing a full length album in late Spring.
I'm working with consumer team...for a B2C the brands are intertwined. Many candidates may be customers.
thank you friends for using repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com! RETWEET if you want a shoutout for you & YOUR repcode :)
Until today, I had no idea what a "council table" is. Thank you
Help us eradicate graffiti. Report it, large or small, to 311 the let us know at
got my computer back
Life might not be what you expected it to be, but its life,LIVE IT LOVE IT ENJOY EVERY BREATH OF IT!!
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be. -Unknown Author
I like my music real loud real loud , can you turn that shit up for me right now right now ? ;D
Only two governors have been recalled in US history. Democrats hope to make Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker the third
Sweet! Let us know how it goes!
Congratulations to the newest members of and the newest executive board of !!!
The avg tweet per min right now is 20,029. If over a 24 hour period ONLY HALF of them had #beatcancer we would raise $144,662.40 RT PLEASE!
Hear at 12 PM tomorrow. Also enjoy free yummy refreshments like samosa, pakora, masala tea and sweets!
means im just so irrelevant
Furniture arrived
wow, impressive. i will never be a "fan" enough to do anything like this.
Writing HTML/CSS for an email campaign is like a blast from the 1990's past.
Can't wait till this EP is done.
Love you too.
How many days in a row can you see same student at same table in a union lounge before wondering if they should be paying rent?
Good shit man! Thats prolly why you dont have a tour date for a whole month. Crank out that fire hommie!
I wish people would stop making jokes about Chris Christie's weight and start poking fun at his silly, redundant name.
Sunday afternoon=a great time to take a nap. So excited!
Jesse. We miss you.
ok we switched browsers and it worked. Phew!
Bizarre how Venezuelan politics now carried out largely on Twitter
I didnt get to see it. I followe don twitter and on gamecast. worst offense in all of professional baseball.
someone's feeling pretty Oakland today...
Hi! Oh...sounds good right now! I've been carrot cake with cream cheese frosting!
This has turned into a hellish week: 2 deliveries, bids, deck contractor pick, Penn Relays, Lax on Sat, Loyolla homecoming Sunday
we're at the eye doctor for my bro'.... I should ask if I need glasses .___.
I wish we could just #stopbullying completely, it would make a lot of people's lives better
All I want is a toned body.. I need to work on that.
Was on a technical support call from 9am-330pm 2day. If this is karma paying me back, I get it, I was a total bitch in a past life.
how do you avoid humidity and frizzy hair on a muggy day? Get inside an air conditioned car, building, store, home as quickly as you can!
check your inbox
Cool i will be there!!!
Monday's suck. So say hi to us and cheer us up! :D
Trying to prioritize where my money should go first: new lens, a laptop, or an iPad. Such a hard decision! :(
FREE SHOW TONIGHT!!! at Ralph's 1075 Forrest Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15210 7 pm, Come check my band out!!!!
I don't play games with love, I’m willing to wait for the right one than to waste my time and get hurt by the wrong person.
Wow, my ex visited me today. Saying he had to see me to see if he still had feelings for me...it been 2 yrs
Nebraska fans just rushed the court after beating the #13 team in the country. Really?
#happybirthdayjanetjackson i would say. oh well fuck it you right. lol just wanted 2 say something 2 ya. :)
Here at the Rotunda! The HLP table is outside, you can't miss Salem as you come in #Philly #zines Here till 6 pm!
Today is Father's Day in Italy? What are you doing for your father for Italian Father's day?
that wasn't a mistake! that was like the best idea we ever had!!
I feel terrible...i hope my white blood cells are roiding up so they can kick ass and take names
wow. Great words. I'm humbled.
Don't flash those babies around here there could be girls on this floor
come home to MLS where the bass fishing is better! :-)
The platform escalators on the closed side of Dupont are always needlessly running. They'll probably break when that side reopens
I'm a walking zombie this morn—no, scratch that. I'm a sitting, coffee-drinking zombie this morning.
It does an injustice to the memory of #Whitney (or #MJ for tht matter) to represent drug addiction as simply a lack of self-love w/o also...
Thanks for having me on!
I met thee CUTEST guy at devil dawgs :) #obsessed; asked if I dance at Joffrey cause of my jacket & covered me with change
Wishes 's newsletter (The Transom) was online so I could link to some of his analysis!
I'm a Swagittarius.
:D How many more followers do you need until your goal???
And we're thankful for devoted teachers and book bloggers like you, Kristen.
Nobody cares if you hella faded or high!
Damn excited with that pick! Stretch the field for CJ2k...Wright and Britt we are stacked at WR now!
have fun! Hope he wins
That and store issues. Big SMILE!!!
that's a southern man right there
Assembly Line and Sonny Chiba... A match made in "HELL YEAH." kicks ass. Can't wait to see what comes next!!
I just got my picture! Yay!:)
that's def not true
New stuff coming soon ....wonderfully FUNNY...
Just tapped Maritime Imperial Pale Ale.
that's not what told me when he was taking my poker chips. ;)
Shoutout to for throwing the best cookout!
I have 3 tests tomorrow GOT TO STUDY!!!!! :'(
anything for psn today?
Welcome to Security Republic's first twitter post. We're a security firm in San Diego and hope to add our voice to social media. Visit us!
I don't really know why, but Linden's flip phone drives me crazy.
shut up lmao drive it fool lmao
You're 3-D HD, as I'm sure your husband can strongly attest.
Well, socks to be you then. pffffffffffffffffttttt
I'm going to think of a video to do for you guys
How is possible to feel like you ate a fat kid and his little brother because of a veggie burger?
HAHAHA YOU BROUGHT SILLY BACK LOOOOOL ;D
Good luck to the in their home opener today! #letsgetawin !
Researched knick knacks today. How cute is a bell that looks like a lady and whose name is Belle? (maybe I made up that last part.)
First audition for #Knock in 30 minutes. -JO
Best friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. Fake friends are like leaves, found everywhere.
Yeah, I'm sorta of the belief that all modern ballparks, like new cars, are pretty great.
Starting to upload all my docs & travel stuff for #mlanet12 to my dropbox
Ok & why is the Wht girl trying to compete whit blk girls for a blk guy. No offense to my brothers but LOOK AT THE GDP & Unemployment rate.
6.5 mile run -- done. Getting ready then heading up to Boston for Cinco de Mayo festivities! Stay thirsty, my friends.
Update: Bidding on Babe Ruth jersey has now jumped to $442,000+...that's up almost $80K since midnight.
Bout to get a skateboard to cruise around on..
Jump around > shout
I know but I need to give my boss a two week notice..
yeup! But let's not forget I found you on here first. ;-)
Very nice. I liked your fashion photos.
Watching speak online on the live-stream of The Lark's grand opening. I hope to work with him sometime.
I mean, the #SOPA law will permit the Attorney General to take down allegedly infringing websites without proof. Like Iran.
The Beach Boys are real musicians. Thanks to the to keeping it about the music and not about the hype!
I forgot the pacers have hansbrough... Makes me wanna beat the pacers so much more
I hope (and believe) you're right! EB has such a storied history.
Right , Right !
You may have the same initials but he has more zeros in his checking account than you have letters in your full name.
bet there's no in Tel Aviv
what's ur favorite color? And do u like heels or purses more
SEE THE SUNSET from the CROWN! In 1 wk the sun sets at 5:45 pm & our north gate closes at 6 pm. See the SUNSET NOW before it sets after 6!
sounds like we need to pop your Santa's Pub cherry...Saturday night!!!
Is it weird that I break a sweat while doing the dishes?
The Roots vs. Michele Bachmann When guests come on screen on the Late Night with Jimmy Fallon show, The Roots always greet them with walk
teachers day was past
Why do people keep tweeting ? Obviously Gaga doesn't have him around anymore for a reason..
Movie finished for today-and so are AR goals
RT : People who have sex about 3 times a week, are perceived to look four to seven years younger. << hey, guyss!!
If Romney is so smart, why isn't he a Democrat, instead of the pandering to the lowest common denominator in America?
": No, I don't want to hear about your bowel movements. Yes, I do find you disgusting. Thanks for brightening my day. :-) haha
What's the story Wishbone!?
he was so sweet!! Oh my goodness!
Today = feast day of Julian of Norwich, medieval mystic whose Book of Showings (or Revelations of Divine Love) is a classic spiritual text.
oh my gosh , i was just listening to that ! no make up !
Why do we need to schedule a meeting when we're on the phone right now? Are there graphs & charts I need to see?
Karl rove vs robert Gibbs debate should be fun!
You make me sick.
The main guy in the new Footloose is so cute....
I hope it doesn't rain!
Tired..I can't hang anymore..my days start early, in return they end early
A duck walks into a bar, the bartender says, "What'll it be?" The duck doesn't say anything because its a duck.
Always...thanks for the love!
whered you get your background that you have now???HAH
RT : Q2. Strong workflow, strong search, integration with other technologies (DAM wont be a silo for much longer)
So theres an all in one mac app for facebook, twitter, google+ and linkedin, right?
What are your plans for this extra day? We're thinking a Hoola Spa massage is the proper way to enjoy Leap Day!
nah, the first one is still the best call ever, not close. Gives me goose bumps every time.
If this guy had written my history books in high school I probably would have actually read them and not skipped so much school!
I will be voting in this upcoming election, I believe you have ideas and experience to lead this country.
#1thatgotaway is on the radio. First time I've heard it on there. <3 I love you!
Who is your favorite of the 11 running in the Coolmore Saturday?
PLEASE follow me please I LOVE U SO MUCH YOU ARE SO AMAZING!!!!
Honestly, coke is the hardest I'll ever go. Meth is just too horrible...
Omg where the fuck are the boyz I needs stalkkl
#w2s Maker Bot is a home milling machine. The home version of what we used to use in manufacturing labs at NU.
Things to do today: get drunk and write my screenplay over, gon be up on mh roof
Only one more million papers to grade and then I may be done...
um maybe I'm still not sure...
RT : Life gets interesting when we fail because that’s when we surpass ourselves at
it is nice sometimes to see people validate what we already believe to be true.
Congrats on the new website design! Looks great!
I can't forecast price levels, but I can forecast that inflation will be low because demand is weak.
haha yea she's hard to beat but congrats maddz
I am Murph. My purpose is to transport people from their homes and businesses to their businesses and homes and sometimes to the airport.
If any #Wellers come in the Chicago area for ANY reason..HMU! I'm in for #weller meetups <3 already have one planned (:
Going to get tag botina in office
Good morn'n hoodrat babymomma I miss ya baby happy friday to ya!!
Break out the bacon.
I will never tire of seeing Elaine taking such delight in wiping her ass-cooties all over Peggy's computer keyboard...
dreams of sugar plums danced in my head? More like dreams of sharing a bottle of St. Francis with Peyton Manning.
sending you some love! That's all :) hope ur well friend!!!!!
Oh yeah opening night for the on the #Harley stage
What does #Gizzi think of #Boehner? : A product of #FreeEnterprise sys- self made man, helped expose house banking scandal.
Looking forward to Steelers vs. Packers in two weeks!!!
Partied till 4. Up at 9. Champagne drunk at 2. Tequila'd at 4. Now I'm jumping in that bourbon cider train. SUNDAZE.
Vegas I am in you.
with a long term answer via the draft.
wait this is sariah from school right???
EA needs to commit that
#10thingsifindattractive guys with confidence, but not cocky.
The russian couple at has smoked a pack of cigs E A C H since 7:15. Geezuz. Thankfully we're outdoors.
Amazing show tonight Coffee House featuring QUIETDRIVE, Juneau, Aaron Jennings, & Dan Lepien! Come hang out!
It is acting a little wonky for me tonight too to tell you the truth. We are live developing/could be someone in the code
Reading Caesar in class. Seriously? You don't know how to say ERRAND?! I might as well read the entire book
Fuck it, I'm going to play some Madden 08.
close enuf! RT : thanx but its not my first archival gig
June 3rd teen wolf, and june 5th pretty liars is back.
Thanks for the share Nate :)
I miss my daddy
I love my friends. OH WAIT
*WOW* RT : Not sure if incredibly unattractive woman or really ugly guy
Recording some Stravinsky and Debussy today... :D
The Walkers are incredible! The movement is so believable...thank you for not going digital!
Rsm on the tables, ashley deanna and myself behind the bar, Ross keeping the smiles alive! Stop in for 1!
leaving bed only for class and tea. highlight of disease: burning through the sopranos s4.
what you doing up there?
grrr he made me get in trouble he wAS ON cRack
New world order
Not buying the "25% man" spin. Winning is winning.
Safe home all Luv 'ya
Don't forget, you can vote for OSO by texting 101861 to PEPSI (73774)! Go to www.OperationSoundOff.com to learn more!
How much does something like that cost!?
The owner spent 50 minutes on phone with me. We bonded. High concept, local growers, idealistic, benefits! Why not? Plus I get to write!
hell yeah by August doh, right now I'm just doing rehab, okay that's whats up :)
Cera has ruined being a lady
Its a type of accesory .. each individual design they own... but its a piece... ughh i cant explin but het concept is fye af
Both sex and masturbation lower blood pressure. #fact But I don't encourage the latter.
Thanks for the retweet Basil :) Hope you're having a good weekend.
How is Dustin gonna text me "hello" and then not text me back
it's debatable
It's almost the weekend! Who's celebrating with Maguire's?
were in NEW YORK PLZZZZZZZ ANSWER
- i got a thang for you baby , you know , dont want to take it slow i wanna get to know you #oomf !
Hopping into Decatur for noms then Java Monkey for studying and open mic poetry. I welcome company, and particularly food suggestions.
That moment when you're writing and suddenly your point clicks in and you go, "Shit! That's it! Right there!"
When i look back, i don't want to remember how badly we ended, i want to remember the good things, the reasons why i loved you.
I got a problem wit authority...but I'm ok wit it¡
youre perfectly imperfect my love. Ashley nerat
I got the magic in me everytime I touch that track it turns into gold #BOB :)
shitty announcer for a shitty team.
We have such a knack for picking the coldest, wettest day of the year to film. Why break the cycle now?! Going to be a great little project!
Congrats! RT Congratulations to the Chamber's April Ambassador of the Month - Justin James from Paychex
Only halfway thought "Being Elmo" and I've gone through all the tears I rationed for Mother's day.
I can feel myself losing you, and the worst part is I can't stop it.
I have the very bad feeling that I'm going to fall asleep in class today
That is definitely on the agenda :)
Come on packers! I cannot handle both of my teams losing in the same weekend!
See you there. Got my tickets on Tix Pumper RT Going down to Blow Hall to see Skill Elixir and Accursed Cuirass
bridge jumping is hella fun
Is 13 Assasins worth watching? I read a Yahoo article about it today...said it was action packed...
Just got my physical copy of 's album in the mail. This is one of those albums you have to hold in ur hand.
RT : Using OneNote to gather documents from various sources, spreadsheets, presentations, and Word to comment on them for a du ...
Red Sox > Orioles in Bobby V's mind. Buck Showalter > Bobby Valentine in my mind.
well I had a dream about spiderman so it was amazing<3
I bet BANK TELLERS got in the middle of $$disputes back in the pre-2000. I'm sure it was often! Cleaning out a/c seemed to be a THING! nlol!
I never have found the perfect quote. At best I have been able to find a string of quotations which merely circle the ineffable
The Avengers ;)
Covering Chicago's 2012 Charity Poker Championship tonight. Let's find out who's getting lucky!
MT : 1,364 parents called & yesterday to say don't cut childcare & afterschool. NY has spoken!
got it! I used to live really close to there :) (Oglethorpe)
Thought experiment: If Walmart truly wanted to help people 'live better', they should consider giving associates a raise...
Thanks for coming down to , checking out and all the advice!
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo Saying no when they mean yes!
tracks sound dope mixed down man. can't wait for the album.
Aye these hot wings tho >>>
I am not
RT : Let us know what makes u smile & you might get a treat!! RT : free 20 piece McNuggets :)
Making an RC float. By myself. :c
4 million businesses worldwide have claimed their Google Places profile, Google has created 50 million profiles (Google, SXSW 2011)
lol true alls well that ends well. Heart was in the right place execution just sucked.
that hot sauce taste good! Need more
So much Twitter love right now! You're all amazing! ).
im now following your twitter dude keep it up
My Crazy Obsession: *Hair*. Natural hair. Braided hair. Straight/curly. Short/long. Fake/real- LOVE IT ALL! <U+263A>
Just realized how much biggies death fucked the world more then tupac just for the pure fact we got stuck with puff daddy.
U nig**s on the bench, like the bus commin:)
how are you?
very nice
thank you thank you! Ha
Why would a kid of that age want milk? Not that I have a kid or know anything but I would prefer Oreo cookie & ice cream ;)
auctions ;P Most popular "extra Strength" auctions
Swan Lake tonight!!! <333
cool Thanks so glad you like it. DJ Mixman Shawn is great to work with! CHeers and look out for my new music video of Blue Sky
I know, right?! Seems with tracking technology they would be able to figure it out rather than just doing a return to sender!
U have got to be fucking kidding me! Come on
Hm.... MW3... BF3.... Pass out on Couch Watching shows on teh Nook tablet? Cant' decide...
I wish SO MUCH you were in NYC with me...
#moolaboys that thing crank Los
When lifting, contract your ab muscles as you exhale to shore up your core and help you hoist extra weight in a standing position.
You have to let go of the past to grab ahold of the future.
Robert Greer Jr. Needs to come home NOW! I miss my brother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Celebrating the #rapture on the beach in Florida. Hey, I got a great seat! Happy rapture!
RT Never expect. Never assume. Never ask. And never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.
Californ - I - A breeze in my hair. LA baby!
I have never been in class in the corner quite and to myself
Escalation #COD:BlackOps flow
My last tweet was a reply to you. lol And Jordan is a specimen. But do we know how smart he was? lol
We plan on doing special things this year!
If treating food as a hot sauce delivery system is wrong, I don't want to be right. Sriracha or Tapatio on everything I've eaten today.
Haha, I don't mind. The team's playing good baseball.
#Edibleplants in your #landscape cuts down on work and increases the amount of food you can harvest
no we should, have you? What's your favorite menu item
send a flare up when you're free and we will try to connect. hope you had a good visit in chicago!
Welcome to twitter Miss
hook line and dinner. Ben Sergeants show:)
a lot of people today Ed- first time I've ever waited in line to cast my ballot! 1000 votes cast by 530 in my district.
Happy surprise! DH back insisting I come out, too, to enjoy perfect biking conditions. Off for ride...
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -Frank Mckinney Hubbard
i fall asleep to midnight in paris almost every night.
I hate sneaky folks
"Are you there, Chelsea?" a terrified nation whispered hesitantly into the infinite blackness of the abyss.
I really don't want to go to school....D:
thank ye Amy, will do!!
yep! jackpot! lol
#WestCost connection in da building the biggest #Cali #La #party #tonite #live wit
Contract PM needed in West LA! Scrum, Web App for #mobile project. Please LIKE and pass it on! Cool client and project, 6mo+
was she on Martin?
Where and when? please email info to:
Happy Birthday Lovie Smith!!!
You'll have time to go to 49th/9th for Pam Real Thai, if that appeals. Nice walk through midtown.
I hate cats. would it work on a dog?
when does your album come out?!?!? Been waiting since idol!
we'll get the chance when you're in BsAs. See you Friday!! See you in NYC sometime !
Aww Pujols hit a home run. Now we can't make jokes.
That tattoo is AMAZING I love it!
"Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house." -- Henry Ward Beecher
Thank you for the follow! Best wishes on the music career!
what's up? how are you?
So what is it going to be tomorrow Ravens?
I'm just learning basic CSS, and know nothing about Javascript, but I'll give it a shot. What's your conundrum?
Got sent home.
Life happens. Get over it and move on.
I was there on Fri too, but found it to be an intriguing kind of learn... realize these peops need an idea. #IHaveAnIdea! 32312
Tired of boxes and piles of paper, we can help! #sandiego and using our services creates jobs for San Diegans!
yeah i'm super awesome when it comes to long things.
THERES NOTHING LIKE LEARNING THEN LOSEING !!
Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean they dont exist.
your event can partner with the Rose Festival. join the celebration!
HOM is working hard to improve it's lineup...Stay Tuned!
“You cannot embrace your destiny if you do not let go of your history.”<U+2015>TD Jakes
Some people are good at Football<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088> and basketball<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> but you good at being a hoe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT ": I really don't like when I have to double text people. You know I'm trying when I do." amen to that!
Don’t sit down #PostRace, walk around! Keep the blood flowing for 10-15mins, then stretch for another 10-15mins.
OMFG IM FEEL SO BAD
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO SCOTT HEINER!!!
Hmm. Me? I say go for it.
Tijler DeyMarcos and Kenji Passini pull off a double steal with DeyMarcos scoring to increase Middleton's lead to 8-3 in the sixth.
follow and
I just got an application for Bullfish! Do you still work there?
at least it was only a burrito.
even though u didn't pick Kentucky I wish u great success wherever u go u r a talented player wish u had chose UK good luck
Obituary based entirely on the contents of the deceased's Photo Booth.
Hey did you get that drink??? He's hating he saw you!!
yep, Orval is known for using Brett and it is in most sours.
I wish i could walk up to a guy that i like and tell him how i feel.
hahaa- thank you for the chuckle. That made me laugh. :)
"In our every deliberation, we must consider the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations."
I've known you've been hurt by someone else. I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
lool ! Yes I can c dat
let me know when you have some G+/Skype time free
I love this project!
Brady Trows hes first incomplete Pass in the game. 2nd 10 , Brady Passes to Branch and a Gain of 3 Yards.
thanks friend! It went okay. 5 shots, a blood draw and a TB test! I'm ready to work in a hospital!!!
Very bullish right now. Buying call options on these stocks will be profitable: NFLX, GS (Goldman Sachs), GOOG, JOYG, and LVS
there is no 'next game', can't be scurred
It's Christmas in San Francisco
Just have to win the lottery so we can have a house with view over one of those lakes. Any day now :)
RT “: It's not a retweet,it's a reimagination"
then daiton put on super man boxers over his shorts. and walked around. & we got caught so we ran away
and Forgot to ask … did my niece say fun things about me or tell embarrassing stories?
- Fuckingg Sweet!!! ((: Your Amazingly Talented.
#TheresAspecialPlaceInHell for fat-free cupcakes.
CRAFTY DEAL: Visit Jenny Wren Jewelry (booth 37) 10-11 am, say "NEST" & receive a free button ring w/purchase of $30 or more! 1 per customer
#Eureka is weird. Carter is having some quantum leap episodes.
Morning!! Today I'm the hostess with the mostess (: lol
You tweeting yourself?
hi i love you. hope you are having a good day!! <3 <3 <3
S/O to everyone that knows about the fitness ball... Lmao
Creative ppl
I need to stay up and grade some papers, but it just isn't going to happen.
I thought it was Norm Macdonald...
- Welcome Wroxer! My son would like you! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Those men were in fine spirits. They regarded the entire affair as if it was a picnic. They were ready to fight.
Get a singer/songwriter to be involved with you in ANY way, something happens.
it's your birthday? #HappyBirthdayJosh!
I was wrongly accused of a felony when I was 21, fresh out of college, and it deeply impacted on my view of the justice system
You don't like me. I don't give a fuck.
NEW RULE: When drinking a pitcher of beer with friends, the last pour is to be split equally. If no one is looking, these terms are VOID!
I disagree with you on this one. Our post-PC era seems to have wrought Fb. Are we happy with that concept of privacy?
#shoutout 2 the tru men in purple n no Im not talking bout the Ques so sit back down I'm talking about my CUZZOs of SLB happy founders day
What keeps you from pursuing God w/ everything you have? Are you honest enough to say that what I give isn't clear my all?
let you know where the best place to go is in a moment, and not just because my lady (your biggest fan) and I will be there.
Thanks for sharing, have an awesome weekend!
I use my hair to express myself <U+E31F>
not much how about you?
They be staring at the money like its unfamiliar, but I was born blessed and gonna die bless!!!!
this is great! can't wait to see what you've got up your sleeve... (objectively, of course)
aw that's cool and noting much, yesturday i got my lip pierced :)
Art Basel is December 1st through 4th. Mention Art Basel and receive 10% off when you book a suite. www.playapropertymgt.com
Great images of early c19 US editions of Robinson Crusoe.
Michael Ytterberg, #LEED AP Certified Principal at BLTa with be participating in a panel at the MFE Conference. Check it out!
So now the real question for the is how many minutes Jeremy Evans will get on Thursday vs. Portland.
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Swedish House Mafia vs Knife Party - Antidote - (Original Mix)
thats why I make the mediocre bucks buddy! ;) haha
Sometimes it's whatever works :)
Lol good morning/night! Get some rest
My phone died. I'm not even gonna bother charging it or I know I"ll never do my work.
Can those born w/preexisting condition be free w/o access to health care? Health care=fundamental human right. ~Akhil Amar,
Right now #stanford vs #duke...I'm hoping it's #Stanford and #Baylor for the final four championship!!!
send us a fucking picture man. Jesus this is bullshit. I wish I was there
#HappyFathersDay to my dad. As I age, I realize I hope I turn out just like him. He is who I look up to no matter how tall I am.
RT It's a great time in history to be an instructional technologist.
We made it safely to las cruces after blowing out a tire and a long drive we made it
2 Words #Moonwalk #Competition - TONITE only hosted by Jay Kruz - Dress like the pop prince and get in for
SO agreeing with you on that one... :')
"Thanks for sticking with us during a commercial break here on YouTube.com..." thought I'd never hear that.
hahah!! That was too funny!!
Working hard to loose this weight! :)
Jerel Worthy...love it
Thanks again for support! Let's get these guys signed and perpetually on tour!
I love watching Disney Channel on Demand with our daughter.
Just told that I peed in a cup last night. Didnt think anything of it till I remembered that that water tasted a little off this morning...
Pineapple for breakfast
My advice: wear a black cocktail dress and go as :-)
Hey babe, wanna go on a date to a pow wow? This is Adams advice for Nick to pick up girls
that's not what I meant. There's a different between jamming on your laptop and hitting play, which is what I was talking about
Nice to meet you and look forward to future conversations. Cheers
Sierra Club Fighting Mississippi Clean Coal Plant
#serenawilliams outburst cost her 2k. after taxes, tips and gratuities she managed to walk away with about 700k. Not bad for 2 hours work!
Do companies have no other way to convey professionalism than thru stock images of people in dated suits looking pensively at blank paper?
Why has Facebook turned into "like in 3 seconds if.."?
speech impediments are not the kid's fault, but people should help children fix it and not glorify it as "cute" and baby it.
Nice! It's a lot of fun. When was the last time you went?
My mood went down..
Steve Nash is my favorite #NBA player. Such a class act. Incredible how he continues to dominate PG position. Hoping Suns make the playoffs.
Friday schedule: 10 am Hot - 11:30 Advanced Practice - 4:00 Hot. Hopefully we'll be back to our regular schedule for Saturday!
Early bird gets the worm.
follow me & hes an amazing singer go and watch his videos on YouTube he's AMAZING and so are you :) plz follow
Lol. Yessir. Where u blacking out at this weekend?
What would George Eliot have to say about all this, I wonder?
your music has been there for me when nothing else has been.
"My soul is an eagle in the cage that the Lord has made for me." - C. F. Franklin
I'm ready to catch fireflys
I think its just you and hope to take the nigerian project to London one day!
RT : We're rounding up the best watchdog journalism on student debt. Suggestions? Tag them with
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. ~ Napoleon Hill
no prob got you covered. But you must endure "enjoy" some oldies ;)
"Woodshed beating"- Reggie Miller
God i love Ellen!-Kelly
Finally reading McKibben's Eaarth. Compelling, well written, strangely timid.
Agreed!! #seriously people
cool cool!! Mavs are awesome!!
lol why are these so great? damn they don't have a mirror though
someone make me soup
Well someone called me a bitchy snitch since my name is Mitch and I got bullied for being a Boylieber :'(
Questions?(828) A R T- W O R K ask for Will
Looking fwd to our TW/IPG "Breaking Barriers: Asian-Americans in the Entertainment Industry" panel in May!
I hope I got my hours for yesterday too....I had to fill out a time sheet after i forgot to do it electronically
I think I saw you ! D:
at the #castle chillan in the #platinumsuite lounge. Big screen, fridge, microwave, ps3, surround sound, what more can u ask 4???
Preference Question, Does anyone like the condensed 'dropdown' for navigation on a mobile-friendly-site ?
well it would be great if you did! ^_^
yep that's her
Everyone keep an eye out for our UK 'Mr Right' !!
I hate it sometimes when I have to play catch up on watching Lost - Why in the hell is Micheal back?
Supposedly he wanted to align Russian Orthodoxy w/ Greek Orthodoxy bc Greek was 'modern'- yet Greek was older, less 'modern'.
“: "If you think education is expensive, try ignorance." - Derek Bok”
First well-balanced drive of night. Darron Thomas hits DeAnthony Thomas for TD. Nice way to open 2nd half, 21-15 Oregon
": Just had a gorgeous walk in central park. Juices flowin' for tonight's Biz Breakthrough Call One."welcome to the big apple!
It's getting weird to click a link that doesn't lead to a mobile version of the site. Crazy to see who's lazy and who's effective
Thanks, xkcd, now I am reading the OED instead of reading for tomorrow's seminar.
Bennett suggests that the target of object oriented philosophy is the "hubris of human exceptionalism."
For #CRE "real value of social media is...to build credibility & visibility by providing valuable info."
I thought the #akceukshow was televised? Is it not?
I find myself in a similiar situation, but am not sure that I like the show. I just can't stop watching it.
Getting out of class early >>
Happy Easter!
Raising digital literacy among all the staff is vital. Moves the conversation from WHY digital to OF COURSE digital.
And here we just have "your mom" jokes and it takes forever to get anywhere, lol
oh wow. my mom sent me snapshots of my old x-files paraphernalia for my upcoming x-files nerd post. god, i was such a dork.
The instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth and have began striving for ourselves ~ Buddha
Spec prosecutor is smooth & seemingly unrattled. I like her style.
It won't let me DM you! I tried your email but I think it might be old or I have a typo.
The worst was having to use the phone (ugh) and go all the way to their house--in the hot sun!--to play Atari. So much work!
You can do it! Not unlike what you and did for Writer's Digest: take the meaty & compelling, but make it fun.
Lol at papasikes for blocking me!
Heading out for a run with and my brother, Luke! Such a perfect morning!
Really? Some chick at starbucks is rockin' a mocking-jay pin from The Hunger Games haha!
thanks : ) As I said, apparently I need a lot of perspective! But every day is a learning opp...you know that.
Every man serves a useful purpose A miser, for example, makes a wonderful ancestor.
We'll work something out :)
Really want to go to Cali soon!
Good morning :) i love u.
No problem! Will you be at the draft party on Thursday?!
What makes you so sure?
News flash:Outer space law is a legit field! We speak with an outer space lawyer today & anounced a new class on space law
Just wanted to get in my 1000th Tweet before heading downtown to the Flambeau Parade... night night y'all!!!
O sweet, there's a bunch of money in a caymans island account waiting for me
don't know but can you get me the Payne one? And try ebay
iknoe Ima be the Same Way! But ihate to say ima Enjoy Raisen Hell Around that Bit.
I HAVE CANCER and a few weeks to live. Good, I have your attention. Shane do you open and read every letter you get?
Yeah, I can't watch this game.
If they're rude, I wouldn't even consider them fans, I consider them haters who just want to bring you down.
New strings on the guitar and ready for practice tomorrow with
Douglas, are you following today's cloak-and-dagger in the House?
maybe it's just the old guy in me but I love the White Sox throwbacks
was following people today?? And I was in class? NO! I mean, just a chance at him following me would be fantastic...
I can cook minute rice in 58 seconds.
Stephen A. Smith: "Initially my initial reaction..." <--- right where he lost my attention.
With two events to go, La Follette has clinced the girls team title. La Follette has a 7-point lead over Memorial in boys team race.
It just enrages me though! ARGH!
Well… I have another hint…you will all have a chance to win something that you can wear…!
Working on Twitter in workshop...
you should have came with us!!! Xoxoxox
CAUSE THEY SEEM VERY CLOSE IF GREYSON WENT OUT WITH HER HE MIGHT DO IT AGAIN
I hate when i get big headaches
Those Sour Punch Straws My Twin gave me earlier >>>>>>>>>>>>> #GottaLoveHaForDat<3
Everyone should go find CRAIG OWENS on Twitter/Facebook/Myspace and let him know there`s a sell out show waiting to happen for him in TH!
“: #10ThingsIFindAttractive I say this every time! DIMPLES!” !!!
RT : "Zuckerberg will soon be worth $6.5 billion more than Yahoo, which once tried to buy Facebook" via
tell her ,you are in a serious relationship, lol so she can stop kissing up 2 u.
Having to check my iPhone every morning to know what I have to wear for the day
Happy anniversary to my beautiful fiancee, , who has somehow put up with me for the past four years... Think I'm pretty lucky :)
"I'm so mad at myself, I can't stand to look at myself in the mirror for more than like 45 minutes." -- self-loathing narcissist
Lost planet 2 (=
I actually drove by ur place this morning on the way to Melrose, and almost texted you, then I remembered it was 9 am
We just got a bunch of sterling silver jewelry at our second store at 2219 W. Main St. Selling it for ridiculously cheap! Come check us out!
RT : Startups: Try to keep pricing and packaging simple especially in the early days. Complexity has a carrying cost.
Oh it's nothing, you're just paying for cool.
Now if only I could get this script to do the dishes.
Skinny jeans, crocks, and snuggies are all excellent forms of birth control.
Will we "see" you there?
and Red River Connection is playing in Ada tonight-check it out SE Oklahomans! had of RRC in studio last night dobro-izing
Coco's
#Maj orange sail canvas.
how the fuck does a business bounce a check -__-
Life is too short to sweat the small stuff. Let it go... move on. Live... ~
I will sue you :)
Howdy. #FF to some
I'm still awake. I wish it weren't so early when the whole world is asleep (at least my section of the world).
"SNOCLOTHING'S" Wristbands are great Stocking Stuffer's and are only $3. Get Some before they are all Gone!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
we need to find something to make our mommas!
It's those "special" people who put it all in perspective. RT: And I've also met some real unique individuals too.
Hahaha! You are specific on that huh? But I love him so much! Muscular is scary for me! LOL!
So was when Ann Romey got home frm th hospital did she come home2 a 1 bedrm apt?
feel for ya buddy
What companies should an art publisher talk to about ebook conversion? I want to join the digital revolution!!
No, she said, "oh thanks" and went on.
ah bull they spend it on hoes baby mamas cars and jewelry": I get that many come from a place where their families struggled, so
Another cure: Working on song lyrics for Die Opa Von Schmerzen, the Beatles of bad taste. 21 years old and only m-word free for one week.
A3: Last for me- mHealth has lots of great tools to help manage pop health. Once they can enter data into EHR, watch out. Adios!
Spending an infinity in the same damn town. Work that I do is wasting my time. The days I have off, I'm wasted my mind.
Who is that tall guy?
I cant tell if you guys ate ridiculous or I'm not diligent enough. Prob the latter
The Little Schemer in Your Pants
Or watch for the first time. No BBCAmerica for me. Can't wait!
I stand corrected.
A sexy young black woman just stopped me on the street and said "I like your look." So..... I have a look.........
I may not be the biggest fan of the Celtics or the Lakers, but I am a big fan of Celtics/Lakers games
Stay in my own lane yeah all zones #chicago I hear ur name a lot I think it time I pop it a lil sum sum to
change of plans! Haha I an pretty sure I come Monday! Idk I will ask my momma!(:
RT : RT : Is jr smith kidding that's the dunk of the playoffs!
no they dont
My phone is on full blast tonight!
Thanks kindly for the RT, sir!
Time for the Royals game! Lets go Royals!
aw how cute:)
I'm super excited. :-)
they say money doesn't make you happy but being poor sure as hell makes people sad
Oh so baby.owwww
In my eyes ur like the sun so warm but yet so cute,without u I may die,cause I cnt keep living in darkness thnkz for bringing me light
I don't believe in pessimism...If you think it's going to rain, it will. -- Clint Eastwood
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced
On set and Today is gonna be a GREAT Day!
I LOVE YOU YOUR COOL
How about that one folks?!? #brewers Braun HR
Good Morning Twitter
That is good to hear RT ..enjoy your day and this nice weather !!
NE1 who has followed the Badgers since Bielema took over knows he has never used timeous wisely.
I know you have a lot of people ask you this But will you please follow me? I mean you don't have to if you don't want to:/
Agree! RT : Interesting! RT : Cost of assessing risk is now often greater than the risk of failing
Hope the poor boy is suave.
Dancing around the living room singing song!! LoL
Red Bones Caramel Boosie Make Em Stop And Stare 4 U Now Im In they Underwear Im A Fool.
found Cardwell... FMC in Lexington. Our town has been tainted.
Have fun! It sets the bar high. Another takeaway: this successful project took a ton of time and there were failures en route.
click on mine u see a masterful paint job, and 2 rockys
Added my work from DBC. Check it: cargocollective.com/afiore
Had B-Rite Creamery for the first time yestersday--Where art thou, Self Control? The line around the block is justified!
joggers always give each other a little nod when they pass, like fat guys in a buffet line.
I'm still making pies today - my own, at last! Happy Thankgsiving!
Join our VIP list for special offers and invites! Simply text your name & email to 512.430.4339
The faults you have now are exactly the ones your parents tried to correct when you were a child.
no problem :)
lol yeah , so you do , i forgot about you being a cancer . yess why do we like people . knowing we cant have them lol
FYI - If your DNA was stretched out it would reach to the moon 6,000 times. WOW!
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater...
Hopefully Zombo is ready for SD in a few weeks
What's up? Texas any time soon?
finish it
Free drinks at hotel one more game to coach major decision
Got A's & B's this quarter, super happy!
Work at 9:30 and still up at 1:30.... Something's not right here
& whitens yo teeth ladies :)
aw ;) I'm adding you to the fab mom list!
Baby eats Indian food. Baby begins to toot. Auntie laughs every time, causing baby to laugh and try to toot more.
PS, so glad you're on the tweet stream at #thatcamposu. You have talent for the concise, precise tweet!
they monetized it thus not making the same mistake newspapers made; MLBAM is making huge $ for MLB clubs
Hey Geno! Today is 's 17th birthday. She is a great friend of mine, loves hockey,and you! Tell her happy birthday :)
Jittery from too much caffeine. Ready to throw this empty disposable coffee cup at something.
CAN I GET THOSE LIPS TO SPEAK MY NAME?
Wait, Charlie Sheen is still relevant?
ayo Zach, you be so fly all dem gurls be droolin. Yeah, I'm white, so what? I'm still #phresh #Follow ??
for sure baby! Rt “: can I get a follow.. I have some of the best following me you should too!”
hey (: I just wanted to tell you I <3<3<3 Ur new song u made yesterday and the song Sunshine Fever !! Keep makin ur awesome music!
Then as any real sister would I jacked For his savemoney tshirt & gave hima shirt w/a naked lady on it.
Is swagger something you can put on a resume?
no drinking game, no plead the fifth? :-(
Hahaha #HUSH ...it needs some work :|
Number one reason Louisville will lose: Anthony Davis
Those are some keepers right there! :)
I used to hate savage, the last two I shot have defintely impressed.
!!! RT Oh? You say you don't smoke? Well that's all we do
Sunny, thank you for the sunshine you gave to me.
I haven't seen night time since Saturday.
Even so-called self starters have to rely on someone or something to get things done.
i voted today, yay!
Training for the Indy mini marathon. Pretty good first run. Long way I just finished a 2.20 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
From m #Yogi teabag tag: "The trust that others place in you is your grace." <3
According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than "50 Shades of Grey"
FAIL on the bike ride...
Indeed a failure. But I will be there to cheer them on! Can't wait!
not in my genre ahaha xD
I've been out of the shower for like 20 minutes, and just now putting on boxers!!!
OMG A SPIDER!!! SOMEONE KILL IT!!!!
New URL to promote our Free & #1 Navigation iPhone App. Please retweet :-) www.YellowPagesReinvented.com
Twitter: A mess full of fake Justin Bieber profiles.
#BC fans stop crowing, beating #NU in the #Beanpot is like you all puking on the T as it turns up Comm Ave happens all the time.
Are you ready for Easter? Are you cooking? We are, how is that fair! Wish you all a great day!
Welcome Back, Hoyas! This week is Marketing, Advertising & PR Week! Check out what's going on in the Career Center this week:...
yeah gotta say London's better. Birds are fitter here though so
just found floppy disks while going through her office / computer boxes. Amazing!
RT: Take care of yourself! The way you treat yourself sets the example for how others will treat you!
Nicolas Cage on SNL. Oh god.
geographic doesn't necessarily mean cartographic
' Individual parts of the Bible were written to individual groups of people in a specific place and time
K State vs Baylor, so this is what a football game should look like
should be pretty obvious were gonna lose 7.
Wtf? Random ass RT : Somewhere right now in the hood, someone is yelling "Domino Mother F**ker!"
watchin meet the browns .
LOL. Well said.
Feel like I stumbled upon the place where all the cool kids hang out and I'm the hopeless nerd.
twitter -n- a place where ppl can talk shit and be as cool as they wanna /// worldstar -n- where ppl talkin too much shit on twitter end up
on the way home. where you?
Something tells me my homeboy will be taking care of himself RT : drink one for your homeboy.
does aka do shows.....i got artists duh geesh
Is that coconuts??? Lol
Good morning gdc. I'm completely awake an at Moscone. I'm quite surprised at this.
"These aren't the droids you're looking for". -Obi Wan Kenobi
Already excited for next week's "Happy Endings" when Max will reunite with his Madonna cover band Mandonna
Big thanks!
send to !
I can officially say now.. I'm moving to Raleigh!!!!
I want to hear more about the wine class.
Def agree with ! *hugs*
thanks for returning to the scene!
#True RT Respect what Obama is saying but POTUS is supposed to rally these people together, not point blame.
when are you going to build a tool for communities to form around the process of reading/writing books?
Man, the Virgil Thomson wikipedia entry is really pathetic.
Thank you & same to you! RT Thanks for your RT. Happy holidays to You! #SocialSmack rocks
thanks Jas, I Hope I do too. Well Jocelyn barely fell asleep and i am too. Havnt slept all night-_- goodnight!
Who won mr Hebron?
Thanks for the clarification I DID raise an eyebrow at that last tweet
please follow me it would mean alot i love u so much please
Almost finished with the wrap-up for FLUX., any do-not-miss #BostonArts events going on this weekend that I should be sure to include?
my brain: He looks familiar. Where do I know him fr... (he smirks) OH GEEZ! Lol!
yeah i have to finish my homework to but its a project! :( i wish it wasn't
had a spectacular time! Love the cocktail menu!
lol wow y'all need to be on jerry springer
dont no what i would do without my ipad ipod and phone tbh!
I used to have them. Then I got a really bad sun burn and it burned them all off. Haha
follow me back please
next time in San Fran!
People need to realize that how your life goes is < 10% what happens to you and > 90% your reaction to it.
EnerCare Shareholders Re-Elect All of Management&#39;s Director Nominees
Haha its a great episode. There is a "Kick a Ginger Day" group on FB and some kids in Cali beat up a ginger supposedly cus of it.
Thank you very much! Have a great weekend!
cram star wars day in your face hole
got my prom dress :) <3 too bad i cant show him until saturday lol
Memories of local reporting - The National
The weekend is HERE Boston! Come down to Jillians and get your BOWL ON!
wait...what?
any word on the archive?
Miss you guys! :-) Thanks for the shout! Came back to Chicago and energized!
Like wise my man... " The whole worrllddd.. I'll give it to you.."
hey thanks for the mention. It there's anything you want to know about us or gardening we're happy to help:)
wow....that's all I can sAy
Hello Korey :) I love your music guys! God bless you! Thanks for read it :D..
“: Loving this conversation right now.”
#schoolsoutRT My sorors and I are gonna be at #TheVenue tonight for the party!!!! #SchoolsOut come rock with us!
Our power has been out for 6 hrs in #OakCreek! It's fun to sit & chat with candles now, but no hot water in the morning is not good!
with the bases loaded and NObody out
is this a go grab it book? or meet the brewer opportunity?
eat it till she crys
congrats! Savor it.
How's your playing coming along?
Starts Wit A "C" Rhymes Wit Slam ?
like the book? If so that was one of the best books I've ever read
I'm too selfish and about my own life to be worrying about other people and they shit right now
Haha Onochie was on my tumblr during class and "It's Whatever" by started playing loudly!
Happy birthday!
Good to have some responsible parents on team so I could sunscreen Ryan.
Vanessa Hudgens Hoping to Surprise HSM Fans With Sucker Punch
now? I just got out of therapy & I have 5 tests tomorrow. sorry:/
“: My nap was totally interrupted. Lol. Now I'm bored. :/” I kno the feeling... Happened to me twice today
If you gotta talk about your sex game, 9 times outta 10 you ain't impressin nobody.
#TEBOWTIME You could be here instead listening to everyone bitch about Matt Cassell...
The pee pee dance
R.I.P. Donna ! Thank you so much for your wonderful music!
Police have blocked off 1st St NW & requiring people stay inside. K-9 units here too. These always happen during lunch :(
Exactly! What do trained professional librarians know about running a library collection anyway?? *headdesk*
Thanks for the shoutout!
Its HOT at pike place for the sunset super. Its gonna be a beautiful evening, come say hi to me and !
Follow me back,is Sexy related to dating
Just saw a license plate cover that said "world's greatest mom." License plate? "I <3 3 s." umm...what?
Addicted to family feud lol
Thank you so much. We really enjoyed hosting the bloggers!
grilled pizza is so delicious and fun! Have you tried adding cilantro to your bbq chicken pie? Whole new level.
I have no idea, cold front came thru. Flagstaff got a ft of snow. Insanity!
hope lunch is in hotel if workshops are now moved there
scary but important question.It depends on how invested the museum is in their online audience.
How has Hillsborough Title helped make your home ownership dreams come true?
It was so great meeting you. I look forward to working with you. Thanks for teaching me some things too! See ya soon.
is there a streaker at the giants game?
NYPIRG and Queens College Student Life distribute voter registration forms at Club Day. September 15th
hi how are you nice pic
i can't deal anymore peace rushers
Will ck it out, Thanks
need a desk while you're here? Either way, you should stop by to say hello.
Just listen w/ #intuition. Love's inside. Just ask, #angels will help if your #karma permits. #Love = home, within us & always part of us.
"his eyebrows finally got a divorce" omg I'm done, that made my life. Ctfuuuuuuu ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Same guy smells like a disgusting mix of body odor and chicken noodle soup.
It was great meeting you too! Keep me posted on everything.
Stress eating - Go Patriots!
but were injuried i have hypersensitive name
Hey Keyshawn! You suck!
im sad I think i missed when you were following people ;( well , love you. x
"Mojos" = mobile journalists? Why am I just hearing of this horrible term now?
Text: zesmo woodys to 368266 to see a sample of how mobile marketing is used for viewing a schedule; then call ZesMo for details.
Visitor? Sustaining member!
Internet week? Social Media week gave me the worst flu I'd had in 5 years. Kill me. Or make sure I don't have beer & cupcakes for dinner.
She say "bitch yu mad cause I took yo man" LMAO , you getting the dick na you wifey ? Don't make me end yo career Stupid Fool,He Is OLD News
we believe in and support upcoming brands, they are the new trendsetters and future of this fashion industry. if you dont ur staying behind
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms out there!
Steve, are you still seeing an error? We restarted the service, but weren't seeing a 500. Please let us know... investigating.
Good morning everyone.... Work flow on a saturday morning sucks!! But it's still a wonderful day 2 be alive
Can't even txt no more cuz it might get screenshotted
yeah jacob latimore just followed me im mad hype ah ffgcyoutruthgnnunchecknd
turn the heat on or I'm not coming.
Double date night with Jessica, Matt, and Ian :) sushi
More Music On The Way.. But Right Now.. Goodnight :) God Bless You. Thanks for Being A Fan!
Thought they were in Boston playing the Sox? RT : Orioles all over the place this morning.
Stay in the game. Since I am a Vandy fan, I know what it is like to get your butt beat a lot , but you keep going.
yeah I know he was. I misread.
Mrs. Smith just said Like a BOSS! I've never heard a teacher say that!
Hey China, can you please follow back?
Ha! Sorry; I'm still braindead after work. I guess it really did work...
the fact that I'm going to see aerosmith in concert is unbelievable but it just doesn't seem right without you :(
Bleeding Orange tonight D:
Thank you for helping us support !
He told me the same thing :)
Dolis is the 12th pitcher into the game for the #Cubs and #Brewers. Unless I missed one along the way.
I seen the beings in the early 1970's
Thank you for calling the House of Insanity. Head nut speaking.
I'm convinced that no one delivers to my apt. Where are you ?
Awesome News Brian!
and i discovered how failure is slow, silent and happens over a period of years, even generations of children
oh. my. GAWD! Look at that yawn!!!
2012 is a money year.... you better put yourself in postion to get it...
LOL. Don't stop being cheeky. It's endearing!
Thanks for the RT! Are you coming in to try a new lunch item today?
we're not doing anything....? what?
I can see u niggas from a side view......
RT #FF Follow the Beards. and
haha I knew you were gonna say that. W.facebook.com/beheadthyking
BEST RECORD STORE EVER is in POMONA, CALIFORNIA next to THE GLASS HOUSE. AMAZING!!!!!!!
Awesome drinks at We, The Pizza! Junipa Pineapple Soda, UBET Manhattan Egg Cream, Sassy Sassparilla, & more!
you heard her. big brother frankie and wolf haley... wolf gang
I can do this.. I can do this..
"What's that?" "A prize. A lovely, lovely prize."
RT "An #Aquarius can make brilliant contributions if allowed to do work their own way."
working on my ?'s for panel 1/25. have in the hot seat. what do you want to know?
hey lady! How are ya??!!
yes, it's a good time for people to start waking up!
Spent the day sightseeing and resting in manila Chuck gifted his beloved cajon to tribe so ordered a new custom made one. I start my return
I was two time MVP in lobby ball history
that awkward moment when ur on a roller coaster and ur trying to scream but no sound comes out
6 days till I'm drunk layin on south beach
hey buddy. i'm back in SF. let's catch up sometime. happy drunk Irish day. :)
The awkward moment when your sarcasm isn't understood in a text.
lol right!?! It was kind of a snoozer for me! Like everyone trying soo hard to be official and serious that its not fun.
Well, some were looking. I was sorry to see her go.
Hey! Thanks I really appreciate it :)
My heart was taken by you, broken by you and now its in pieces because of you ):
Just had a great conversation on www.squirt.org with a local guy; maybe meet him tomorrow in person for some hot ...whatever.
Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind? ~Jack Kornfield
Come on Baltimore let's enjoy Sunday together eating crabs and drinking some ice cold....
Yo make sure if u lookin for dope beats hit my guy up
I'm makin' to keep you by my side keep you from walkin' out the door...
thank you! “: enjoy your day at home. Feel good!”
Do not isolate metadata creation: everybody has to participate in its development and support.
That personal trainer with the glorious booty was at the gym today. His legs are just as glorious! I drooled a little.
I look like a straight fool!
Man, I can't remember the last time I was allowed around kids!
i'm usually not a fan of northern accents, but I really dig Boston accents. I'd like to visit there one day.
RT We have the new joint of the day after these commercials break
Wow! That's great to hear!
Congrats . Sometimes it makes up for the crap you put up with .
B&H rules
I really wanna thank y'all for the support "Fly Young Brand Clothing" is getting right now. It is greatly appreciated.
No, they shouldn't.
I Most Definitely Will Not!!!
agreed, sir.
what #health advice would you suggest to an on the go #mom?
“: there's a first time for everything... I GOT A JOB! ;D” congrats gal!
#WhenGuys Defend You
We're busy working on Little Tokyo Design Week - follow to stay up to date on all the LTDW happenings!
Dont give up on faith just cus hope gave up on u.
thanks Vitto!!! I definitely will!!
Wolf: It's correct that the gov't doesn't have to prove that Topazio, McDonough, Vitale payments were all bribes or kickbacks.
***Coming soon*** -The next Morgan Cole Novel ..."SHADOWS of the DEAD"
Time 4 my sleep meds (weed)
New blog post: Did Anyone Notice How Much Better Ohio State's Defense is Without James Laurinaitis?
did you look us up on Facebook?
Gotta love the Duke UNC rivalry. And you've gotta love it even more when Duke wins at the buzzer... @ UNC.
I'm so confused, i don't know what is more important..but something is going to change<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
So yes I have a BFA in Fashion Design...knew I wanted to design since 6th grade & I stuck wit it...
you are amazing !!!!!! Big Love
Beautiful cars, Goodguys, bad directions.
I haven't heard of that one. If I'm going to read a mystery, I definitely want the chills and thrills.
Everyone looks shiny. Jobs now for make up artists!
absolutely. DM me your contact info and we'll chop it up
please Justin follow me I want to have a peace of u with me please I love you so much! #TurnToYou I love you
are you following ?
1st of the month & u can't tell South Memphis shit about drinking early in the morning!.....lol
God I hate driving in the rain!!!
i'm here for a while :) when you comin to wailea :)
Apparently my max can't move because there are people "laying on the tracks." Are you fucking kidding me, portland.
#myidol - so upset I missed Colton. Skylar was ok but not great.
Also, discussion of ideas is possible without putting others down. That's how the whole nasty exchange started, me calling out bad rhetoric.
Clare Coleman: Title X providers are required to offer contraception through some part of their service to patients.
Let's fix that! Send a DM with your name/email address and I'll have them get in touch!
Dow down 504
No problem! Glad you got to visit and enjoyed it! I love following all the great museums through twitter :)
That's nice & wholesome. When it's lemonade w/ lavender infused vodka, then we can talk. #amwriting?
bc were girl durr
Pumped to be Headed to my first NBA all star festivities in orlando.
Dance your heart out 2dayy!!!!
yea I love them too...sweet!
is in the studio today laying down some vocals
it's hard to be any use to the #crowd, until you've learned how to stand alone.
Sad. RT : Warren Buffet has been diagnosed with Stage I prostate cancer via
"Success is the result that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration."
the thing olivia did in the wherehouse. Man, that was awesome!
I'm more worried about it looking appropriately awesome than it being too edgy... I don't know! I want a giant rad necklace.
Playing squash at the MAC
When greeting people, I'm on a hugs only basis. It doesn't matter who you are.
I'm sure we all know this but i'd love in my shower & or bed with me right now. That is all.
Apparently I can't add tonight lol :)
it's your dirty mind I'm following ;)
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. But don’t make her fall if you don’t plan to catch her.
what a piece of fucking shit
you're about to get your shit rocked
What panelist?
Great Morning! Hope everyone is enjoying their commute, stop in for a lunchtime wax today and take advantage of our holiday promos.
Oh man, another. :( [RT]: Child Struck & Killed: Boy struck by truck while running past buses
Omg btw, my little angry tweet was not directed at
But I won't get tan because that's impossible
laughing:) hope you find something special!
doing well. God has been real good!
The President of the United States has a Department of Defense...and the NBA plays no defense.
Sunday 5/6 9-3pm: Come cheer on walkers with ! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day!
Sittin with beautiful for #hangloose and in da house. And to boot!
Glad to see Tiger playing well...I can't wait to see him start dominating again.
My daughter is a huge Moon Geek so we will all be watching it tonight...Hope all is going well with you!
people always ask me, 'so why aren't U in the acting business anymore?!' So I pray that my script/project will answer the ?
Don't have a clue who Adele is but she just owned Katy Perry and Katy Perry's backing vocal track.
I never let my independence overpower my personality & emotions...never.
Texans at Noon!
You've got to appreciate the down time before you enjoy the big time. I'm not happy with what I've been doing, I'm about to change all that.
RT The state murdered Troy Davis. His sister fought for his life, even as she battled cancer. May she now rest in peace.
I'm not a fan of the guy, but he shouldn't be jailed. I don't think this petition and the whole #freebieber thing is going to do any good.
Goodbye friends. Goodbye life. Goodbye mental health. I'll see you again on May 9th.
I would but he's not my type....
Turn on your spotlight! We just made some major server upgrades!
Your beautiful. I see your face in every sun rise.
why bitches act like they're bad when they goe a ass or some titts
Saturday is my day.
Time for Chick-fil-A Leadercast at First Baptist Event Center in Wylie
Shall I dye my hair dark red? :)
nice work!
What was I goin to tweet?!?!?O_o
Really aware this week of how lucky I am to regularly play with such incredible musicians! Makes music easy, joyous, and uplifting.
Also, happy Mother's Day!
"preach, paul."
Fixed: RT impossible to win two championships in one year SO how's a basketball coach going to cure cancer?”
It's now time for Andy Pettitte to finally make his return! Let's go Yankees!
gelatin? Hehe :) why all those allergens removed??
LP Atlanta is going to campaign school in a few hours! And there's an End The Fed rally today too!
you are too good to me
So, the #Clippers are alive.
Just completed a brainstorming session with the iFountain engineering team. They done some cool stuff. It got me all pumped up!
Who needs TV on Monday nights when you have Sweetwater board meetings?
Getting sick and tired of living in this house with these people.smh
The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive. O.A. Battista
wats good bro?!
Congrats new members of Allegro Dance Company! Looking forward to a wonderful summer tour. www.allegrodancecompany.net
Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for $2 billion
If someone actually gave someone else $1 for every retweet...don't you think we'd have seen a twitpic of the cash already?
lmao i have nothing else to doo
When websites fail to do their job, is going to be my next book! Well, if I ever write a book first THEN it will be my next one. ^jl
“: i can promise you -- no mitt singing (or any politician for that matter) in our show today!” - heart u thanks!
Standing outside the Asian Art Museum, someone asks me for directions to the Asian Art Museum. For once, a q I can answer.
truth. Let's karaoke.
yea i kn some lame shit huh
So Cute:)
What color should I paint my nails?
WEDS LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE - Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive - Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
[You're the best!]
Quite the spread!
Rainy days and Mondays don't always get me down...it takes more than that most of time, but...
Did NBC really make plans to end 30 Rock and Parks & Rec? If so, who's with me at 30 Rock tomorrow to picket those dummies?
DOC says Meade Co. inmate dies at state prison
Yep, that was me. Were you there?
I'd trade lives with Emily Dickinson to disprove all the myths about her.
So inspired by the progress and sheer determination of my client to overcome all obstacles. Note to self: no whining. Just move forward.
-- what shadow / can the star lovers meet in / before the moon disappears? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
if i must be a slave to habits make me a slave to god habits!
no doubt, its not like it wont happen lol
you made it to Austin?
Hey all you producers and theatre companies - if you need TOP NOTCH marketing and advertising, check out - they are amazing!
Every cloud has a silver lining, but its up to you to find it. & if your colorblind, well i guess alot more clouds are gray with silver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Bought the cutest dress though
Harry styles hair duhh
At the tax office paying for car registration. For some reason I'm taking care of hudband's, too.
D: how rude :P
Why, why, why does #Chrome deny me access to Twitter? It's really starting to get to me.
I saw my friend, he's in my head, and he said, "You don't remember me, do you?"
No problem at all—thanks for letting me know! :)
- I know. Yet, I did go to BM in 1998..when it was 15K people. My loft has the best view of decompression of any in SF.
“: What are you guys drinking tonight?” urine
She trying to figure life out and loving.every moment of it
u serious
manners and life skills go a long way in this world
Major thanks to Karen Miller, Megan Elias, , for a great discussion... some great history instruction happening at CUNY!
Can't wait to get back to SD for the tennis. I've hit way too much off a wall.
good article. was surprised, though, that potus #39 was mentioned, at least a little
Thats amazing Ron!
#chicago small businesses: looking to gain deeper insights and new connections throughout the Chicagoland professional community.
What a beautiful mess, what a beautiful mess I'm in. Spendin' all my time with you, there's nothin' else I'd rather do<3
But online discourse is my spirit animal.
MF kills me when get on twitter and act like they da shit or got dis n that.
mom got drunk and puked on herself in the car all the way out in langley
i love you! <333
he moved from pins to neon green rings. Didn't really surprise me either. Ah Portland. lol
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from self-pity. It is always self-defeating. Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
awesome thank you so much! Hope your friends dig it too :)
Lunch at Factory: A Jamie Liz Womance
Those are the kind of stories we like to hear. Hope to see you at the Race for Hope this May!
I'm wearing ' cute brown boots today. Lurve dem!
HOP Night; ready for GLOW-RY NIGHT on Friday!! Gonna be crazy! =)
Apparently all the youtubes of beastie boys songs are "not available" today ...
ignore my last tweet!!! Aw poor baby): I'm srry
SO excited for you! Glad I could have been of any help :) Staring in the fall?
IK WHEN R WE GOING TO HEAR IT!!??
Thinking I'm ready to make this announcement TOMORROW, instead of Monday! What ya'll think??
seen them like this before . It sounds short because the mention of open inning in the fall . This is for 2013 .
I figure if u were in trouble u would call the cops and not me. Thx. Bye
Tippo the cheeky bloody mouse is back, run right in front of Nigel. Traps are back down, humane ones, sort of.lol!
Oh, there have also been 15 unassisted triple plays.
Ted ...have an awesome #Sunday!
We the real niggas from the Southside of the Chi (Chicago) Fux wit cha my nigga! And the whole Brick Squad, So Icey, movement
So far in 2012 Nsansa has impacted over 100 #business, #nonprofit & #socent leaders via our courses, coaching & advice. Help us scale...
IS THERE GOLD IN THE VILLAGE? JEWELS?
and you be safe sir, looking forward to the 100 tackle 10 sack season u are going to have!
You still have Girl Scout cookies in your house?? Man, we chugged those babies down the week we bought them -- all 6 boxes!
Hilarious! As soon as I saw the Coachella vid, I figured this would happen. I mean, people pay to see Britney Spears lipsync ...
+1 to for going #AllOut4Equality and removing homophobic "Is My Son Gay?" app! (cc )
Is done!!! With everything and everyone! Nobody is worth thinking about 24/7 and being treated like pure SHIT
Too enthralled with #actofvalor to tweet peeps!
i feel ya cavelle!
sure thing, sent me a link!
about to get this cypher going
Happy Mother's Day! Let's take today - really, every day - to show our appreciation, gratitude and love. Love you mum!
thank you!
Why does Sophomore year suck so much?...
ss... Let me have this :)
Thief who stole the wheels off my bike at Flatbush and 4th on Wed nite, you are low
wonderful show the little kid was cute
#undergroundiron almost complete. Pictures to come.
But strictly
As 2011 winds down, Los Equipales Restaurant would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
Reports from #Bahrain: Thousands are gathering in #Freedom Square to occupy the area for the one-year anniversary of the uprising.
Thanks for the follow. If you like #qpr you should follow my friend, #1 QPR fan (+ London AdGuy)
Meeting tomorrow, Tuesday June 7th! 7-9pm, room 312 Middleton Library! Be there!
Morning runs :)
You know what sucks? Being given about 8hrs to make 3 really huge life decisions.......I don't know what to do, I'm freaking out!!
We just about melted here in Nashville yesterday. Let us know what you're doing to keep cool!
Please send email to and we'll be sure to respond. Thanks!
Watching Braves vs Atlanta
The crowd in PES looks like an Eastern bloc misey fest
Here's the part of the day where I vow to do nothing productive.
I know lol was a min ago 2 lol. Kool. Don't mind doing another.
aren't u the guy I told the 's opening hours about an hour and a half ago?
Welcome to our newest fans! Feel free to drop questions and you'll receive responses as soon as we see fit.
amen sis he wrks on u so u can be perfect for ur mate
Sure looks like her :) I can die happy now lol
My mom and I are both going blonde. BLONDE BUDDIES!
that's gross
Idea for my blog... at least once a week, to analyze a different company's sports marketing strategy. Any suggestions for the first one?
I'm guessing fantasy tuition doesn't count? Either way, congrats bud! I'm proud that you are active in extra-circulars.
If team loses on , should be fired for insobordination. Lisa has a nasty personality.
Kiss me if im wrong.. but dinosours still exist right? ?..
Headed to O'Hare
best cure for the bronchial ick? A $5 martini, of course.
No way! Rocks more!!!
Just downloaded the Wordpress app for my iPhone - I feel like such a grown up marketer now. Look for the blog Discover Connection soon!
I'm Determined to win these.
RT : Erick Tseng: on Google+, competition is good. I just don't have enough time to use it.
Since I have moved to New York from Nashville it has been complete drama and chaos....I believe in the power of PRAYER!
Chapp106 Who n Vegas doin Vegas Shit wit me ??
Any team you think will pick T-Will up?
Thanks to for hosting 's Youth Action Team - the kids loved it!
Psh! The challenge is to succeed to read with my schedule. :/
Purdue-twit-o-philes is there an interest in forming a Library 2.0 discussion group? Would that be a good forum?
Had breakfast and it was POP TARTS....yumm
Yeah, which section are you in? I'm so excited!
I'm brawling with bunny rabbits over here. I'm determined to have an organic garden.
Welp this is awkward o.O
The Ranchers are Here! Come on down.
Yay! Definitely!! I'll DM you my number at some point.
Grayling student wins California hunting trip
How many NBA games this year?
Wonder how many minutes on the elliptical equals one macaron. Gonna have to figure this out for my life to continue.
thank u sweetie !!
s/o ...when u gone b back in dallas so we kan get u on some mo trackz fam?
Hopes everyone gets a look in at Douglas Murray's columns at Standpoint.com-SO smart, articulate and courageous - UK is lucky to have him
workin those calves girl! ;)
The pitch to Cooper... Strike three looking. And for the 5th time today, the Brewers go down in order. Wow.
Boo on you for persecuting Bo.
Yay thanks for the great review!! RT : what an awesome job location! was great! =D
Hey there yes suggested I follow you!! =)
U already no wat comes in this #Territory...Its takes a strong bihhhhhh to handle it...#IsUSure???????
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories you plan on Writing about at your Blog at "The Huffington Post" on Monday?
If your looking for Mrs.Forever, you won't find her here.
We need more men like you!
did you ask for tall socks advice?
Hello and welcome to everyone attending pre-conferences today at the 2012 TLA Conference! Use hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
BEST HAPPY HOUR in town 4p-6p FREE Miller pints & Absolut drinks! 6p-9p $2 U CALL IT & FREE FOOD 7p-10p only at the Hustler Club!
where u at skidz!?
Dislike: PPL that eat TicTacs from the container.
Oh an also a pool boy!
Check out Billy Preston on Unsung TV one right now Monday night....
Touch it by Busta Rythmes ;-) T : : Please Release the beat to nigga bitch that beat go hard & u do 2
Call me paranoid but i'm convinced people are following me on twitter.
LOL but I think the TV's prefer "Coke-ish" to "Artest-ish"
“What matters the most should never give way to what matters the least.”-- Unknown
raven symone gay!?!?!?!?!?! damn main i used to love ha
damn, i suld've jus got my hair done 2day bt o well ima get it done monday so i aint really tripin' bout it
I love the Dinner with 6 Strangers events! Hope to participate soon!
hey mr virginia follow back Lol
Lovey doing duckface during his poses
I dont have faith that they can
so true“: I like to keep photos around from middle school to remind myself that it can always be worse. #vv #mc”
Am bored anyone wants to TWEET ? plz
I'm in Miami and its my mother's Birthday. wish I was in Orlando to celebrate with her... :-( still a #MommasBoy lol
The #priceofsuccess is nowhere as high as how much it costs when one fails…….
Um.... appalled at the show, "Toddlers and Tiaras."
RT: Paging #drwurm :) Tell her congrats!!
thanks!! Need to get new ones for retro day
You should know the Colts by now! You were (and should still be, imo) a COLT!!!
Hi TM Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
bought them from people nervous about the season.
i see your ready for an apocalypse lol
Key Bank sponsor guy seems nervous. Had a good intro joke though.
boys are crazier
pates or do i have to buy. if if i have to buy it then i cant get it
Not even in my class though. I'm in Shay Shay class
Dislocations: Acts of Enclosure feeds into writing about shifts in relation to post-industrial revolution. 09/25 12:30pm
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. - Elie Wiesel
one of my followers :p
Because I am a little bit silly and much too imaginative, I have taken on too many writing projects. There. I've admitted it.
We offer a free plaque, with a $100.00 purchase or more. help us help Abused Children in Our area. www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com Thanks!!!
I heard my name called..lol
Should we have a #health2con tweet up Monday? is planning an #HITsm event Tuesday night.
Brewers vs Braves - Good call on not walking Uggla
Thanks for the RT about #mindsets from the German Minister of Defense: "Mindsets evolve more slowly than circumstances."
Super-psyched to be shooting tomorrow and on Saturday, both whom I met at the last !!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 58% of women say that MEN are better at this, what is it?
that sucks! I know he was trying hard.
shoot, did i miss the show?? darn! she is amazing powerful stuff.
I don't think anyone's losing sleep over losing Teen Wolf Too from instant
Going to a Pilates workshop to gain more knowledge....hope to see you all in class!
#resume #tips Job descriptions are terrible at describing a job (on a resume) and even worse at describing what you did..
itunes robs my bank account
the weekend will end soon, so sad :-(
uhmmm ha okay
oh----me too! Loved their chicken and wild rice soup! They were such a good lunch option for the Madison Pub Lib workers. :)
great seeing you last night! Thanks for coming out!
they should make a cardboard cut out of you. id be the first to buy it(:
Ha! Thanks girl. I knew someone could relate! I'm glad you got the Craft reference. People don't remember that movie- sad
I hate getting woken up this early by my barking dog. I swear I'm gonna rip her vocal chords out.
You're selfish a'f broo .
Let him set up in JJ's!
Lucky guy! RT : My world got a bit smaller today as I got to know & Two great, funny, smart women!
Perkkpoppin , polodrawsrockin, badbitchgettin, m o t h a f u c k a I m a p r o b l e m
getting these Akron Zoo kids lined up for you! Super stoked for this!
Listen to my album it's deeply encoded with the street mentality
plant love , grow peace <3
Ah. Varney called me earlier trying to see if I knew any florists open on Sunday in Pikeville. I really didn't piece it together.
Just looked at the trends in Toronto and it looks like a fight between and
but I'm pretty sure she read it ;)
yes Doug this Alan
"Take politics out of transportation" -
sometimes research (and service) can be slow, but i will *never* get tired of working in the inspiring Library of Congress reading room.
Wendy thanks for the RT!!!
Planned my weekend out for the ! Looking forward to seeing , , and !
You're lucky! At 10 was watching B. Graham crusades on TV. And "Dick Clark's Rockin' New Yr's Eve." It's how we rolled in OK!
Word. has a dream that will STAY A DREAM. lol.
wow. quite a fail.
mr. King?
Who knew? In 1800s there was a "wall of breadfruit trees” from Hu`ehu`e to Kealakekua. Ingenious way of holding clouds to bring rain.
"Why do people want you to speak your mind and then get upset when you do?"
Glad to here it Bro.
It's so gross outside, all I want to wear are my pajamas...
Will there be a Mac version of Storyline? please, please, please?
I didn't know I had to choose..aren't they both hard?
cause literal whales are good with everything.
What are you doing tonight?? Let me give you some options: Trapeze FTL: F**k Out Loud Party / Trapeze ATL: Ladies Night
My dad just found out about Aporia today. I didn't want him to listen to it but he heard it and actually likes it.
thanks, Todd!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
I can't wait until I understand how to use #google+ .
Oxford's Christmas lights switch-on gets new location - BBC News BBC News Oxford 's Christmas lights switch-on gets new location BBC News
I'll never get why some ppl dont seem to understand simple social courtesies like making eye contact saying hi taking an interest in others
:) I am so looking forward to your return to STL! Sending good vibes for finals.
RT : "We just wanted to be the ugliest motherfuckers, the most unnatural looking, the crappiest people"—Mike Kelley,...
Thank you for following
I'm telling you its the best gig in the planet
Im so dark
tell me why I'm back in Milwaukee, eating at Applebee's and they got a football pic of u on the wall...
love the $3 20oz Guinness until 2012! What a treat!!
Now that the game is over its time for Franklin..
Looking forward to your arrival tomorrow!
lol! It would be so nice if you could come too!
yea, it's pretty cool. I like it hehe. Well, glad to hear you're kickin butt like always! :) have a great week, luv.
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
No, thank you! RT Thanks for the follow!
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS HERE AT THE FUJI!
2012 Resolution #1 Do something new at least once per month
Last call! Are you a mommy #blogger that likes to #cook on the side? Have a #healthy #breakfast #recipe you would like to share with us?
I used to just be playin around when I said Chris Bosh sucked, but that nigga is legitametly terrible now
Stan surveys his fellow carnys: "How helpless they all looked in the ugliness of sleep. A third of life spent unconscious and corpselike."
Richmond #Kickers are staying at our hotel in Charleston. What time is the game tomorrow? Go Kickers!
Aidan just said, "She's a cowboy right?"
On the way to the Ward 5 Advisory Council Meeting for break out sessions on economic development.
I think "Super Duper" anything sounds pretty darn awesome! Keep it in your brainstorming toolbox, k?
ha ha you're right about that!
How fun! Betty White is in San Diego and she will be honored tonight at The Petco Foundation Gala
The correct answer is hoisin sauce. Our winner is ! Michelle, pls email your Karma Card # to .
What kind of public health jobs? If you're an RN we are hiring.
5 more mondays...
I'm back on that BULL SHIT Derrick ROSE!!!!
i second that notion. The time differential just flat out sucks.
the lady from the Maxim party? Too funny
oh kool. What yr r u n?
what equivalent of a citation in the nonprofit literature world? we seem to cite academic sources but not each other. is this accurate?
genre preference?
#weirdfactaboutme I have to watch YouTube videos to fall asleep
you and Kian need to make a keek
- #Thanks for the #retweet ! Have a great #weekend :-)
Hope that everyone enjoyed Shavuot and the weekend! Thanks again to all who joined us in tweeting #Torah!
i wouldn't pay $ 2,o+ to see One Direction front row. Nope. Sucks for the parents though, for their kids it's either a die or go situation
#blueslidepark OH MY GOD free ipod signed by MAC MILER?that would be the best. day.ever.
Trying to keep positive, but I'm beyond frustrated and stressed.
did you all turn into quicksilver and start surfing?
Ironically with Whitney's death, and I have been bringing up Bobby Brown's #Newedition up on our show on recently
Dear "The Pitch," please Google "center cut safe." Thank you. Signed, a guy who still has a 4:3 TV.
watching game commentaries on youtube just cuz
have you checked out remind101?
RT What's worse, Smash or Glee? // Yes.
I am bringing you today!
you don't have a hand!?!
I would have preferred Knowledge Professionals Assn (KPA) but will vote yes for ASKPro. Maybe better options were taken?
I know! I was like omgomgomg!! Christine and I were in it for a SPLIT second... my face looked deformed though... June 15th!!
Just listened to a track from Mongo Santa Maria's Mama Papa Tu that rocked! Great mid-day tune to get you going.
Bout that time for round 2 #cardio. Gonna run 6 miles as fast as I can and/or like a crazy person run'n naked..which happens often in
Got to love Papalote burritos.
Reading Scorpio Races by Maggie Steifvater - original concept, great story
if by gross you mean amazingly delicious...
#top100femaleLies "I DONT USUALLY BE DOING THIS"
That's awesome! Looks like all your hard work paid off.
Unpack this, plz.
NO!! Someone hold my nutella and chicken nuggets! You call yourself a "ICONiac" sure!
#Jets announce that the team has signed sixth-round pick RB Terrance Ganaway.
Women are merely 3% of Fortune 500 CEOs (via )
lol Obama filling out a women's bracket. I could maybe buy him following college ball but come on he isn't catching any girl's games
what were you doing in Harlem lol?
Congrats to our FB photo contest winner, Erin! Look out for a special Twitter contest coming this week w/ sweet prizes from
shipping is included. Yes.
Hahaha damn, it wasn't! But I did listen to my fair share of System of a Down back in the day.
your draw something won't even load on my phone! LOL!
Keep forgetting to thank you far taking a pic with me on Draftmas. Thank you. ;) Hope your workouts are going well!
Good Morning! (and a good afternoon to our friends on the other shore!)
10 Christmas bells left- Engraver coming in tomorrow!
The messenger of bad news isn’t the problem. Correct the problem & make changes or your competition will replace you. SeanLetwat
Good morning everyone! :) Woke up to so many birthday wishes -- thank you all <3 !!
I think next one up is Shutterous for $500M. Can I start a rumor? :p
Best surnames I've seen while browsing the index-free #1940census? Shout, Costar, and Durff.
1st my bike is stolen, now my apt smells like pot and it's NOT me! Feel like I live in a dorm. This is BS
One person requests to keep the #bmorehistoric blog up!
And give her a bottle of Victoria's secret lotion from me. will know what it means.
But think the rest of the US uses it as an excuse to drink. That's where we come in!
is coming to NYC from Feb. 6-9 -- get ready!!
where are you?
Seriously. RT I was expecting this Media Matters email about the Fox Nation headline an hour ago.
I was tryna watch that bre taylor video...it kept freezing up...but I dnt think I wanna see it all...
"How long does this report have to be?" "3-5 pages long"... 3 pages it is.
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” Keep it real and Marinate on that.........
I possess a working knowledge of cash management and understand risk assessments and compliance.
thanks sista!! It's always a struggle, but once I get weeks behind me it'll be easier!!
There Are Plenty Of Fish In The Sea, So Stop Trippin' Over A Guppy.
Creative abrasion - my new favorite term to describe the discomfort that sometimes accompanies learning. Thanks
sure do buddy lol
#IAintGotTime for a traffic jam or my bro bothering me
Ill give ya a hint. Its on souncloud! lol
thanks for the RT earlier!
Well this day started off nicely.
Gianna is so hardcore with her tattoo lol
Doing work making money
Liked the movie "Revolutionary Road". Fine acting, especially Kate.
How do we () help spread the Startup America Partnership at our Fall conference?
I can't wait to see your show tonight at the Benedum in
Now hiring promoters on the hottest parties on the beach...dm for details! 21+ events
I miss you too! I haven't seen you in forever; when are you home
night night sleep well! TGIF
love ya dirty george!!
I thought he publicly declared he didn't want to go to GB
That moment when says shell fight u but doesn't:) smh
I will too! Haha
I remembered in the morning when I was on the skytrain that jane did kill red john. I thought you just said that as a joke lol
Officially had this headache for 24 hours. Grrrrrrrrrrr.
#meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life. Paying all that money for a concert is to much,& I'm just hoping I win.2
Once you accept your flaws no one can use them against you <U+2665>
Ky weather is way too unpredictable...
im about to leave a stain on this planet
Hey, thanks for the follow. Look forward to getting to know you! Matthew
Busy Busy Day. Fashion week will be here before you know it!
Lots of exciting news from . Can't wait for VSCO Cam and Sites.
I started the company with $1000. Wow. Awesome.
haha I am as soon as I recover from surgery /; already got a girl board but it's a 8 1/2... Too big lol
I see you've changed your profile picture again!
Happy Sweetest Day ...
absolutely! thanks for the follow :)
Oh no! I got a creppy looking sub! Yikes!
Thanks for the shout-out!
It's more than enough. I'm doing the same except I work for 10 hours today. ;)
!!!!! RT : If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
next weekend!!!!
Rt if you wanna see my boobs ?
Tonight its moonlight with candles and shit,<3
Coconut Grove!Here's your chance for some #coolhaus ! Stop by coconut grove bank (2701 bay shore drive): #Foodtrucks for lunch til 2pm
aww yeeee :) The girl we both hate... oh god.. can't stand that beeotch.
ALWAYS GET THE PICKLE!
you know what you should do? Play draw something with me.
Pacers even series up 1-1 with 93-78 win...series shifts to Orlando Wednesday night.
Good day in Appleton and Oshkosh with the family.
Hah, the first picture caption says Denver, Ohio.
#Limbaugh's remarks attempt 2 conflate the #feminist link btwn women controlling their own fertility & empowerment () (1of6)
First batch of #homebrew is in the carboy for the next couple weeks. Can't wait to taste it!
oh wow I must know when this comes to your shop! So cute!
() question from a 6ish year old boy after an Anne Frank performance-"Does Nazi mean like being nuts?"
That drive was football at it's finest!
the hardest thing in golf is to trust something new. Trust it. That's what is going on with Tiger right now. I know how he feels.
Oh fuck. I thought we were meeting up at Bigfoot far-east! Damnit.
: ) NO Prob Bay , FOLLOW Me I Promise I'll FOLLOW Back
west I always wanted to say to “: Oh, will you stop it,”
what a weak ending
Never been so happy to lay in my bed <3
Love it!
Bummer: Donna Summer's gone. Time to go and play "MacArthur Park" or "Last Dance" or "Bad Girls". Depends on my mood.
thanks a whole lot
wow... You are getting old! O.o first the parking lot theatre now this water bed? SMH!
#welovegreyson because he is true to who is and who he really wants to be and end up he's not gonna change
Open mic at the Nicollete .. trying to convince nikki 2 get on stage!
I suspect that, left unchecked, Helena Bonham Carter's eyebrows would take over the world.
GIRL VENT TO ME I WANNA KNOW BRO :*
Yes definitely! Thursdays the truck is at Temple. Coffee, cupcakes, #cataloging (metadata) & ContentDM!
... lol u rite . Ima go find one rite now.. lol any suggestions
no idea
it had a positive influence for 3 weeks. Nothing has changed about Kony. So it had close to no influence at all
lol yeah!! were just that cool!
Yay! I just hit 40 followers! ;)
Glad you're enjoying lunch! We're happy to help your productivity! :)
Yes It Sucks I Worked Hard & Thank You I Hope He Sees Yours To <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I'm A Congratulate You
my 1,000 tweet goes out to my boy and this girl haha
In the second half KU needs to step up their game. T-Rob could MAKE some shots and generally we need to not suck.
Exactly one month until summer!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
After a 14 hour driving day, finally at tahoe. On the plus side, the dog seems to like the car.
I'm a Twitter know-nothing. A guy from the community volunteered to give me a hand, bless him.
RT : Michael Hemment: "really cute research guide seeking: course web sites, e-resources and library catalogs"
WAIT WUT? Where are you? Saw him after the race; I'm so jealous!
"Thinking about what? :oo" What I want to say: "Oh everything I thought we had that is nothing now." What I actually say "Just stuff."
What's the one travel item you can't leave without? Us Grannies can't travel anywhere without our Liquis luggage from !
Rap alias Phillip Graves
People ask me, "why is it so hard to trust people?" I ask,"why is it so hard to keep a promise?"
I'm honestly starting to believe that I treat the wrong people right, and the right people wrong!!! :-/
A key in life is to define ourselves not lose ourselves thru big moments (in sports) or big projects (at work).
Lots 'o treasure!!!
that clip was painfully long
#Text ULTRASTAR to 90210 for #discounts & special updates from Ultrastar Movie Theaters throughout the
Tonight is the next #Xbustour stop- we're in DC at the USA Today offices! In the area? Come by and say hi!
13 hours of sleep and I almost feel like a real person again.
Funny how Honey ain't Sweet like Sugar, ain't Shit Sweet
will try to drop in in a bit.
Didnt see any ghosts. My candles must be working!
I mean it's not bad...
#WhyDoIHaveTo be a directioner that lives in the Midwest, management doesn't even know we exist
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it. -Dr. David Schwartz
Training Truth: If all you do is lift Peter Pan weights, all you are going to get is a Peter Pan body.
wow thanks! I love #ted talks! It is a dream of mine to be a speaker there! ;-)
I guess there will be no Mobb Deep prostate cancer PSA like i imagined "there's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from"
Nice new aprons
The kiddos are loading the busses now for our #BellAFB Kid's Play Day... headed to Main Event and the Fort Worth Zoo!
76-55 Pacers lead that's the way I like it uh huh uh huh. Now finish it.
Social networking sites help the habit, I'm sure.
It's time for the contest! Who is going to win?
It seems like is busy as ever! N and I miss our active mamas and babies every Tuesday around noon!
i heard lady gaga she was born with a dick.
casey ill go !!
Thanks for following #WritingEditing /thanks-for-following!
If you like R&B music, check out and follow He has some good singles on itunes.
we're totally going to have an NFC tag on our door that will check us in. Also, with luck, unlock the door.
RT : We'll have servers on hand at #startupweekend, & prizes from & Springboard. Use STARTUPTECH
New Psychic Fair March 10th and 11th
Remain unique...
keep grinding s/o to the DRUMADDICTS I hope u on ure way to the studio
he was in my suggestions lmfao:) wonder why? Aha<f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7>
I got three words for this : Hot as Hell !!!
ya you are going crazy on gifboom lol
And then there were 32... Chardon BrewWorks' Ironworker advances to the Third Round of the National IPA Competition! Ohio beers are rockin'!
YES. MT: 's tumblr, "hard skills can be learned, while soft skills need to be developed."
#WhenAustin tweets that he's recording a new song :)
yeah... I've never been good at math.
Assume a win until you check who all you text last night...lol
Who uses groupon?? Or living social??
Your cartoon profile picture will stop child abuse as much as a picture of my Dick will get you pregnant...
I complain a lot but I'd never trade my life. I think I like my fucked up life more than the people we 'wish we were' like theirs
HMG!!!! í can´t follow people :S
I've had great responses from occasional tweets involving
Do You Get Some Of Your Music from Media Fire ?
It's my beautiful sister's 30th Birthday! Thankful 4 another year of celebration as she touches many lives! I love you L!!
See, here comes your wisdom. You are correct in understanding my tweet. Relationships are IMPORTANT!
- Been a while. How's everyone doing?!
Hubby gifted a solitare :))
Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself
Show tonight at the Black Oak!
Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second
Never been this impatient about getting the mail before...
Followed ! :D I will give you some shout outs and shit and I will get your followers up bruh! Make sure to let people knw bout me!
So much talk about Japan amongst friends that I really want to go now!! Next trip Tokyo!!
Good dx on the way home tonight. 441 and i had a good 15 minute conversation
Trayvon Martin was used as a reference in tonight's episode of Law & Order: SVU. That's huge!
great workshop at mid TN ASTD today! Biggest takeaway pull info from learner! Don't push!
Got a new feature request for Judy's Book. Let us know
OK. The guy might be shaking his legs because the young man he's talking to may be having a nervous breakdown.
Happy New Year! The bags are on the way.
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected.
RT : That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you hate.
any particular one stand out for you?
catch me i'm ballin
******Collaborations needed******Eastcoast and downsouth rappers female male dont matter i will send track to email RT if ur interested
Follow he follows back :&#41;
After record breaking attendance yesterday the is staying open 1 hr later all this week!
So Beyonce announces shes preggo on #vma red carpet? U go girl! I'd have to be in labor to admit that on live tv!
Ok, I'm 'bout to go dark y'all - just retweeted my tweet.
you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
I love her!
What is the name/course number of the GIS mapping class that you are taking?
u at the crib yet baby
smashing this bk
love story???
*fingers crossed* I hope they say yes
hanging out with Sara and our puppies
Sweet, have to check it out. Thanks!!
They acting like she supposed to go through a depression or something because Tami not her friend.
Estrada with 9 k's through 5. Heck of an emergency start
Its TOO DAMN BRIGHT!!!
Chillin' with at
Good day, beautiful people. <3 Hope you take a moment this weekend and catch your breath and remember than you're loved!
Go ahead and take a little piece of my heart, that's how we're gonna have to start
#HappyBirthdayMattGraham lets trend this for today. This guy is the best.
miss you guys! Hope to hang out soon
his laugh made me laugh, too cute
I'm such a hippie when it comes to food.
Game 7 in New York #Rangers vs
Very excited to represent at the colloquium next week!
nice new avi!!
Stoudemire needs to demand the ball.
Blasting some
yeah, it's odd. and annoying. I'm having a hard time thinking straight.
Wow. Awesome night performing. All I can say is the Holy Spirt was there. #allglorytoGod!
<~~~~ marinating striped bass for tomorrow.... #CoachCanBurn #concinando :)
Is still enjoying, and learning a lot at, the Israel & Bible Prophecy conference (day 2) at Calvary Chapel Chino Hills.
Back to work delivering food part-time. #lifestylesoftherich&famous #onlytemporary haha
update your twitter or no one will like you!
Here's to alcohol: the cause of, and answer to, all of life's problems. ~ Matt Groening
On the otter hand, had a great afternoon with my love. <U+E32D><U+E106><U+E418>
So sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> night
It was freakin Tandoori.
We are always searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Happy Birthday Benayoun
My Last Retweet >> true stuff bro
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow. ~Mary Radmacher
Happy mothers day to all the amazing mothers out there!! Rt if your one of them
why are you still up??
No worries sis, thats what PHAm is for...RT : Thank you for sharing!
Caught in a "Related Artists" rabbit hole on I started with Alex Chare, and have no idea how I got to where I am now.
Who's all going to see the #BlueManGroup at the this week?! Remember we're only a 1/2 block away!
Bible Study then Gills Birthday :)
Dnt run away from ur problems they might be faster then you lol
Why we following you but you not following us?
Bummer! Woke up at 4am with feverish 2-yr old! Hope they feel better soon.
Nathan rocks. Serious momentum happening.
amazing yesterday boring today :p hbu
R.I.P. Big Pun
goodnight(: & I loved blogtv tonight.Love you.<3 xoxo
Tonight Will Be The Night That I Will Fall For Yu...</3
RT : Silly followers, snow is for January <U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><U+2601>
Great tip! Keep an emergency $20 tucked away in your phone cover.
The real is on the rise, fuck them other guys.
she said probably i gotta ask my dad tomorow so ikl tell u at skool
Congrats for being selected for the Cow Parade! I can't wait to see your cow!
no his knee was clearly up in Angerer's saddlebags
Needs a change
yes mom
Twitter peeps...how would u like to see a rocking music fest with the worlds best whitewater rafting involved??? Tell us what u think???
Yay for a hanging out with a fellow book lover & writer, now a new friend at !
Vinnie! Now need a walk off by Choo!
Not sure what the deal is
I never wait too late ;)
I don't watch a lot of #hockey but this Flyers vs Penguins playoff game is crazy! So much violence.
yesterday my b day and u didnt follow me :'(
What was the final score? Congrats to my man coach P (patton) on his trip to the final 4. He works hard and does a great job
Hey #Milwaukee, be sure to check out the #CashMob this weekend! Do your part and boost the local economy.
i am back i am in ohio now and i am going to cedar point which has 60 rides all together but has 17 roller coasters
Getting glasses today and the only reason I'm excited is because I get to skipp 3 hours or school
oh ok *sarcastic vc* *flips hair* bitch I'm a princess lmfao
#speedbusters w/ is moving from Mondays to Wednesdays @ 10 on #TMJ4. This week, a routine stop in Waukesha that's anything but.
I c u like that new e40 check out number 10 on disc 2 called grey skies I produced the beat for that
Crossing off one of Jackie's bucket list items after our show today. It's item number 45, eat breakfast at Tiffany's.
me too... been awake but hadn't 'fired up my twitter machine' yet! hehe! Have a great day, Jay!
about $65 bucks
Such a wonderful day it is! :-)
Do you have high-res images of your CreateIT logo and/or of students at work in the classes? We'd like to help publicize!
What do we need a psychiatrist for? We know our kid is nuts.
iNETdx Corporation provides mobile applications for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and is now adding new resellers for a limited time.
Good food. Terrible service. Food MAY be worth dealing with the service, but its close....
Ah no more of our pepp encrusted tuna salad!And you said it was ok to skip it Sun saying "it's not going anywhere."
Hey Dan. That was a GOOD one.
Beer used to be considered food...I think it was all 4 food groups!
When I don't remember meeting someone I usually tell them I was probably in a walking blackout at the time... clears things right up.
Everyone. Please pray for the 3rd grade girl that got shot today at school. She's in critical condition at Harbor View. Please pray! ): <3
YA!!!!!!!!!! Congratulations!! Can't wait to see the ring! Merry Christmas to you and Phil!
time to get some D
ill look for u im wearin a black and white baseball tee and a redand black hat with words on it and a blue bracelet the says hope
I will check it later when I'm home! But for now Mexican Food!
#cvcouncil Council having a great dialogue on civic engagement! Maybe have a facilitator at council mtgs to improve dialogue?
learn some French it will be good for you
Relaxing at hotel in Madrid. Time for a nap!
ok i feel you but what about kayne west you don't think he got missy faded?
Is there a financial derivative for #nonprofits from the avalanche of money spent to buy ads for political campaigns? What can we learn?
Have you ever been to Earthsavers? We can help with your spa craving
What venue?
shut ur ass up Slave. Wtf asking for movies gotta do with ur Twilight Watching ass?
Henry Thomas, the cute little boy who befriended E.T., turns 40 today. Holy turds.
w/o cheating I'm just going to throw out a guess & say USC for the 1st part and Texas for the 2nd part. Seems obvious?
“: we weren't clicking at all. Very big upset.”
Listen to no air cover by alyssa shouse and austin mahone ^.^
let see why u still up
Wow! Can't believe the lakers about to have 7 game series in the first round. WTF!
A terrifying warning: "This site relies heavily on PDF files."
Keeping it going...playlist extended.
Will get warm here next week. Meantime the nearby mountains got snow !
I'm hungry and horny at the same damn time!! Lmfao
Started playing around with this branding 2 years ago and am finally happy enough with it to share. Cards & Twitter done. Now for my site...
The amish are a constant reminder of how bad the world would be without technology
I've been listening to new album ”up all night” and i'm in love
in Garden State, fine I am sold. but only because of you nick, not 'her'
What made you think I liked Eyes Wide Shut?
Whatever band Blake Schwarzenbach is in.
Let the record show, this day and forever more, #DaBulls are the best franchise in the universe!
Jerry Papas: Time Gigolo
March 1862 .....Ironclad ships the Monitor and the Merrimack battle in the Civil war.
I'm in it to win it.
“: I'd love to have the book The Lucky One right now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
If only bad habits could be broken as easily as hearts! - Christopher Spranger
What a report; four cops, six fire martial, and two reports. What a day.
Stop calling me!! Why can't some people catch a hint. Good God! Lol
WHOA. The first Seder is a week from tomorrow night? Wasn't it just Rosh HaShanah?
can you make screenshot of the error via skitch or equivalent?
I could spend a whole day at best fitness just people watching
Got a ten on my calc quiz. I didn't even need 's help!!
welcome to this life style!
Great times Thurs night at #POP! Congrats to the cast crew and staff
i talked to him :) im still calling its ringing lol just answer bro talk to me let me kno what its like 2 b a raider
Happy Birthday to me 5/15 I was Delivered in #Naptown. The first child to be born in nap. My Roots #Mississippi Southern raised.
Meh, just don't become a toothpick. Gotta have some voluptuousness to ya lass! You should be happy with who ya are!
Who is all going to the Power game on July 10th? Come on down and make some noise and the Power make their push into the playoffs!
doesn't go to college and im home all the time
Thanks for the friendly reminder. We are now back to tweeting!
Nice to read about all the positive Cisco press this morning. I will always have a soft spot for my former employer.
Working on Wing Night is the most depressing thing
Keep those tweets coming ...
Did anyone see Dr. B on Channel 3 this morning??
Holla at me!
what tweet? :o
My son is 1 yr old today. Time is a moving train; it's going too fast for me to jump off. - zach.
Boys basketball practice at Molokai High School!!! Shaka!!
Thank you! Yes to training more librarians to be computer programmers!
Excited for the wedding!!
Chicago/milwaukee #SameThang RT Los Angeles or Chicago? Washington or Texas?
Add me on psn ( peyton112 ) please add me please please please please please please please please
Follow bacl please ,
Here's a tip: don't try to renew your driver's license on election day. Everyone at the DMV is trying to get an ID.
another friend managed to get us tickets! yipee!
such a pretty horse
My grandpa is hilarious lmao he gives me life!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile call and text her randomly for no reason :)
The most popular Dog Breed in US is The Labrador Retriever!What kind of Dog do you have?
How far can #tebow take Denver? best tweets make the article!!!
Monday, after 1:00 p.m.?
Deadass... im boutta post my raps on here, watch me get like 50 new followers by the months end, Lmfaoo
we almost have the same exact names, unless your middle name is renee, in that case we do :)
But at least i still look young :)
I knew I recognized this building. It's where a marketing suit got on to me for being too colloquial in SM at a WP conf
I don't understand why you have to lie to me to get my attention.....just be yourself....I was your only friend and you messed that up..smh.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson YAY he saw it :') we love you so much boobear <3 :)
Congrats Terp and the #49ers. One step closer to a repeat Harbowl! #Ravens fans are ready!
sounds like you just need to find a girlfriend for the weekend. Energy will be so nuts you don't even need to be at the game
I can't quit you
I am a BBW, and proud.
you okay?
Scroll down and point out one negative tweet. I would rather say something nice than be direspectful any day. I hope u have a wonderful day.
Me, too! Next time, dinner, on me.
so true <3
Can't wait for Tibbits tonight! First show back in Michigan! :)
When I lived in a warm climate I never watched TV; now I live in DC...got an iPad & now apps are the only thing that keep me warm at night.
Montréal trip is booked! So excited to be staying at the beautiful hotel ZERO 1 Montréal again!
RT : RT : TWITTER (n) A social media service that some call a communications revolution, but cynics call "The New Friendster."
Coolest/Geekiest #Milwaukee #CALICon11 place to go - the Safe House, a spy/espionage bar/restaurant!!! 779 Front Street
Winning is everything!
Went and checked out my friends Church and they had a annoited drummer he was smacking those skin I couldnt sit still. Awesome!
They're counting down the "Top Ten Wizards" on this entertainment news show and I'm muttering under my breath "Gandalf!"
Everyrthing is hard until it is easy
I feel like going Orpik and dishing out Free Candy...
Someone got a White Paper they would like posted? Let me know! HRResourcePortal.COM is waiting for you!
also, I don't have the transcript, but he may have qualified it with "right away." I still think it's closer than that.
yeah I'm trying to get the whole GCF crew to follow me. Right now it's just
Love seeing Brian Boyle mush jersey faces in the ice this early... Lmao
I really don't care, sucks to suck!
His signs annoyed me because of his anti-semitic nonsense during his campaign. That's bad enough, but to litter, too? Rude.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO AL THE MOTHERS ON TWITTER :)) ND TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO AREN'T ON TWITTER :))
aww your the best thanks for helping!!! :) Get Austin Mahone Verified
yeah I was gonna get $450 for mine.
Overheard at Rice University: "This weekend shit's gonna get REAL...We're gonna write that paper."
ya so your chances of crashing would of lowered by a lot.
Council for International Promotion of Costa Rican Medicine: 2010 some 36,000 people visited spending around $295 million for procedures.
- Live editing a Google Doc is good sport, esp. w/spreadsheets. (Showing up in pink isn't unlucky; it just belies my machismo...)
I need more people in my life who know what the big words mean..
Um no? I thought we took it the tuesday before break.
Thanks for the follow and Tell me, do you suggest tree work when a house is needing to be sold? Could help!
well thanks for shuttin me down. :-(
Justin Drew Mallette Bieber <U+2665>
Sorry bout that, it's on the footer. Will get you unsubscribed, no problem.
$4000 and it's yours!
r u on ur ipod
Water seeps to its own level. What we are saddled here with is an empty fucking chamber pot.
Brendon & Rachel are still on the #AmazingRace. The earth has to suffer a pregnant Snookie & them? The world really is ending this year.
I love reading twitter posts of these pompous #Lakers fans who are trying to trivialize the fact that their team's getting blown out.
My photography is being seen in GERMANY! I got an order for Vibrant Magazine all the way from GERMANY! Woohoo!
Cool! RT : RT : Biggest day for Etch A Sketch since 1961?
Romances, tanlines, parties, memories.
I love u ladys very much see you guys very soon in Denver.
Sounds like here in Minnesota...except for the 66 and sunny part....we may hit 40 today though who!
I'm still sad.
The loss of two of my #lovely young #sororitysisters in one day is difficult to handle, but my #faith holds me up when I'm about to crumble
Long day.
Big announcement regarding a huge tour for HW coming soon\m/
This Saturday is going to be far from good (: Cinco de mayo , quince party , fireworks , sleep over & shuffling seshh . <3
Thank you!
RT : Headed to for the plant sale today! Serving up some delicious breakfast and also lunch! Will be there...
Using radio waves to boil freeze-dried Japanese noodles, and wirelessly broadcasting this mundane fact with a handheld CPU.
Awesome pitch last night - very excited to check out
I think it's what we get for being loud during
Just heard from bandhappy at #techbreakfast - great concept for music instruction.
Thank you for the follow! Have a great day! :)
Does anyone have any good plays that they run from the spread? Looking for some bread and butter plays!
Hey it's Jay Towers :) Hello from McDonalds in Mt. Clemons on Grosebeck! Come see me!
Christmas...whats good for a 13 year old boy?
Y'all did everything the coaches asked of you.....That's enough for me Steelers 4 ever!!!
:-) we got lucky. my Bella hardly cries, only when shes hungry, gets da hiccups when shes wet, other than that shes quite
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 33:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Most painful misspelling I've seen lately: mispelling.
why you miss me???
London close: Gains pared after comments from ECB&#39;s Draghi
Twitter aint hitting on shit right now i get back on later
Easter is tomorrow and after all the food I am going to be eating their is no such thing as dinner!
RT : I predict that Ukulele sales will skyrocket due to Eddie Vedder's new album. You heard it here first, folks.
no one ever looked better than you, Andy, and no one ever worked harder.
Phone jumped from to major genre swap.
where u
Wait, what??! How did it get to be 9:55 already?
Great to meet you at TEDMED! Need to collaborate on Health Literacy soon!
Whep, not the ideal way to start the season.
You are welcome!
its only a matter of time till Indians are added to the category..
NICE TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO HELP YOU RENOVATING YOUR PROPERTIES FOR SALE. OUR GOAL IS TO INCREASE PROPERTY VALUE
happy Sunday everyone! remember -TNT-Tues Night Tans for just $25 spray tanning !
Me Either!
RT : Man, this nigga did a # on da #JustLikeThis beat. How come I only got positive things 2 say about ? Lol
man its.gonna be like this all year long win one ...lose.one....
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation
This Sun just fucked up my run ... its too hot for all of that !
Penn & Teller's Fool Us series has been renewed for a 2nd year on the UK's ITV network, One of my fav shows this year for many reasons.
After Pres. Obama's announcement, some religious African Americans won't vote Romney but they WILL stay home.
Yeah, I would be up for Mexico, but my fair skinned ladies are better suited for the northern climes of Canada. See you there.
How does the forecast look for Sydney, Australia first week on June?
I don't know why I save bookmarks. I almost never look them up, and when I do, I can't find what I'm looking for.
Calling it... passes to anyone that won't make him shoot.
I was just thinking the same thing! lol
I love this. wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
No how
Happy Thanksgiving. If you can read this you are blessed!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad show up to their house unannounced
Details are important
Thanks for listening Lauren!
Who's keeping up with the Golden Globes tonight?
Celebrate this February 29 by making a leap toward better vision health. Schedule an eye doctor appointment today!
amen “: We shouldn't be printing viewbooks at all. #pseweb”
Dare ya!!
I was going to drop more than a hammer on them
HELL YEA! BUMS!!! LOL
Just wanted say "thanks" to all of you for da birthday greetings!
A good orange always makes my day
I don't care about a light, I just want to know: is there a nap at the end of this tunnel?
Packers 2012 schedule not as bad as I thought...can see 13 wins .maybe we'll be talking about 3 titles in a row by Summer.
Drinking RT : Watching the Rangers and painting. I can't think of ANYTHING I'd rather be doing :)
On the plane in my way to
I'm in Orlando.. What part of va u in?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Friday Sept. 17th at the Vinyl in Atlanta. Tickets 10 adv show starts at 5pm!!!
I'll take a box of Peanut Butter Patties, please. Let me know when you're ready, I'll PM you my address. Thanks, Aziz!
Finally going to bed.
Oh my gawd to uglly people
3 DAYS until the #NHSA2012 Spring Conference begins! We're getting excited! How about you?
How do you achieve your goals?
Team Gale. Team Gale all the way.
Thanks so much for the Shout Out Lori! :)
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Thanks for the link, and for dropping by the presentation! I'm impressed by your article-finding skills...
#FOX6DaysofDining is back in studio at 8:50 - This time featuring Off the Clock Bar and Grill. Stay tuned!
Heeyyyy yes its been awhile!! What's up
and i got a new bong and i always have mad tree and u still havent came to hit it OMG KATIE YOU DEF ARE CUT
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Just signed w/ I'm thinking my first deal will perhaps need to be a drink special...or a patio special. What do you think?
When I see comercials for the #Olympics I get excited for #London #2012 :)
Abby Johnson and Brooke Kofoid are like so awsome!!!<U+E056><U+E414><U+E415><U+E057>
We don't eat at ChickfilA, though many people do without issue since they use fully refined peanut oil
somehow I feel like I got less than nuthin....empty. “: I got nuthin”
The Year of the Tight End continues.
Great seeing session by on how mapping is facilitating communiry discussion in Indonesia.
Thanks for the RT. Will you be attending this #cnndialogues?
AUDITION: A Gathering of Shifts (a video art installation by Pierre St. Jacques)
hahaha really? Why would we ever stop?!
Wine Cellar:Storage room for wine in bottles or barrels. The ‘Titanic’ holds one of the oldest wine cellars in the world.
Heading back 2 Ithaca today for first time in over 10 years to see Avett Bros. Theater. I own 6 windows in da new science building.
no insomnia, just did Club Kane now back for the morning show. music front is all good - getting some mixes back this week!
Oh, this was a movie plot once: The trademark on the masks contains a computer chip containing a fragment of Stonehenge.
4 hours to the encore presentation of the amateur millionaires club tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV. Comcast channel 13. Make sure to tune in!
Very proud of the Bulls. Tough tough season for us in the Chi.
Fallen captive with ruled by reason tonight at peabodys! Fallen Captive at 9:45 and ruled by reason ay 11:15
Thanks for sharing that photo! Great jacket.
sounds fancy pants
This bumper sticker says "Rescued is my favorite breed". Someone tried too hard to be clever...
Say it like you mean it...
Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags!!!
I miss you too! I'm good thanks. Yourself?
lol sorry xD we're back, we're on summer vacation ;) so we'll be on a lot more!
How could the Bulls lose like that? They really let us down. Unless they win, they let us down. Also, Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!
have fun! Stay safe up there.
Inside everyone hides one desire. Outside no one would know..
I went to the show and saw how crowded it was and said smell you later golden worst.
So you had Auburn #1 last year even after losing Cam Newton? IMO the real solution is actually no preseason rankings.
I dont think ive ever laughed so hard thanks to hahaha
Last day of work... Hooray!
Please help us raise funds for the by dining tonight. Order Lucky Sampler ($2 benefits) & bring food drive items.
hope you find a place good for Spart. Will Spart have his own room?
Oh my! And he is still alive? : O
swear lol. But why what's goin down there?
God, grant me the patience and serenity to teach 200 kindergardeners how to cook. I love my job but 200 five year olds can be loud!
Yes sure it isn't that bad but I wanted a brand new car. :D
S/O Keep doing your thing!! <U+270C>
FIND HER GIRL. FIND HER FOR THE BOTH OF US.
I guess I'm gonna take a nap. Nothing to do.
damn right!
library time with abbeyy
I've (finally) started digging into Sandman. Also liking "new" Doom Patrol; just got missing vol 4 so I can proceed. '90s? wuh?
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” -MLK
This lady is too ghetto for my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
that's good! :D yesterday i returned from Miami that's all :D
Fuck this...call me a girl...I'm switching to vodka pink lemonades. This coors light is doing nothing.
It needs to get warmer!
RT if you're using an Apple device right now. Let's see how many lives he touched.
Ruckriegel: Fire department concerned ppl couldn't get out if needed to evacuate Capitol.
and NOW I'm thirsty.
#BackWhenIWasALittleKid everybody thought they we're pimps if they had icecream money. ;)
Gonna have a great show Saturday come out and join the fun!!
Will Ryan Tannehill save Miami football? Maybe. Does he have the same amount of professional championships as LeBron? Yes.
Dustin Pedroia with a web gem! That hustle & catch was a display of his dedication. Not many players would have done that in the 16th inning
cool ~ go get 'em!
Why do people put family pictures pointing away from their desks? LOOK AT MY KIDS!!!
oh i heard your radio interview online
Looking forward to teaching some improv at the tomorrow.
Darkskin bitches got it bad ......ill choose lightskin bitches all the time, in any circumstances
Being the least favorite kids in gifted <<<
I love that I started the day swapping verses to Straight Up and doing the running man in my living room with my bestie. :)
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 2
okay do teeny boppers get all their info wrong ON PURPOSE? because they literally cant go one issue without a damn mistake
Chicago Tribune #Bulls Beat Reporter joins "The Last Call" in the 6 pm hour to talk Derrick Rose and the NBA Playoffs
he don't fuck with you!
I'm really feeling some kinda way cause I haven't go my food forreal
well hell im not about to fight two people at once, especially if this brett kid is supposed to be a bad ass, ralph would killem
seriously Austin traffic is the worst.
aw. That's so sweet!
thank you so much!!!
Raleighpalooza because Sam from gave me 4 of the best hugs ever and i had a photo/press pass!
Could any other program have a trophy tour and have thousands show up.... no
We think so! Let us know if we can answer any questions you have.
although it would be awesome to have you at that concert i dont want you to drive all the way down to greenville!
#artpolitics works of art in an age of manifestly unstable transition
Looking at last nights box score and one name came to mind. Kyle Davies.
July in September, January in May.
I’m a zit. Get it? …. FOOD FIGHT!
Yes...you should move to Vegas...though it was one of the hardest hit when the real estate bubble popped, there is still lots of opportunity
Headed to #Denver this weekend. Any suggestions tweeps? Beer? Food? Shops?
Follow this man
another #appengine app under development. will incorporate lots of social fun. oh yeah, and secure.
Tony Parker has 11 points and 5 assists. Manu Ginobili has 6 points but just blew a breakaway dunk. The Spurs lead the Jazz 46-41.
lol. I see. You made me think CRAP I'M LATE FOR WORK!! But since it's Wednesday I'm off =]
maybe not dumb, but very ineffective !
Mr weatherman, i know its storming out... please get back to my Spiderman. Thanks
<sigh> dude just about everything you say makes me miss PDX. Really hoping her tour hits Indy (more likely I'll catch it in Chicago)
The weekend is here....
Thanks for the reply. It is indeed a gravatar. Sorry for not recognizing it!
Wonder if when tickets go on sale there will be Backstage passes to meet cause if there is I want one
Thanks to all of those who were kind enough to tweet about my award. : D
Having some iced Green Tea on this gorgeous day! Sure, there's smog, but I'm focusing on the sun! ;) lol!
Put your mind, body, and wallet at ease this holiday season with a 1 hour massage for 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
Free Towing with repair RT
attending the ASME-IMECE this year in Colorado? Be sure to stop by the Cambridge booth!
Thanks for the retweet! We appreciate the support! Stay in touch
The time I spend with you ...you know I'll never forget.
nice work!
it will rain,talking to the moon
Focus on the people who love and support you when you need it and even when you don't. Everyone else is just waiting for their turn to talk.
"I pledge to you I will not rob and plunder" #LiarLiar All politicians say that #Gringrich is a Politician
Happy Birthday :)
I Have Been Watching Viva La Bam On MTV for 4 hours
I'm still zooteeeeeed.
FIRST RESPONSE: "YOUR BODY KNOWS YOUR PREGNANT BEFORE YOU DO." ...........NO SHIT. SHUT UP.
Anyone want to go see Marley tonight, 8:40 Start 288 South Second Street, San Jose, CA. Hit me up if you are down.
Oh he is still my baby lol
Writing "Austin Mahone" on your hand when you're bored at school.
I have a 401k. Abandoning all, except dividends in next few months. Too many major traders greet latest gain with disdain.
Need auto #repair? We save you #money on your repair bills through social media.
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun 123GoTV videos.
I don't usually do this on a first date...
Whenever I see a movie, I can't help but imagine the MST3K riff track that would play over top of it.
congratulations on the birth of your new baby boy! We're all excited for you and your family. Ten fingers and ten toes?
tacos+Torah=terrific. #halloweenthemed 5pm at Hillel! Be there!
Rinehart: using systems like MANS, if you go fine grain enough with the metadata you end up with a working copy of the art (<-- mindbender)
hey hun. Did your friday night get better???
Thanks for my burfday show I loved it!!!
is there a resource like Lean Startup / Running Lean that deals with feature management of mature or legacy products?
Madison... Wear varsity jackets more often <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Do you love movies?? Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival. For more info checkout...
Awkward moment when you sneeze and it comes out blue...
I made a birthday card today, 3 layers handcut sailboat, dolphins, gulls, waves etc. Dang! Mailed it before taking photo!
all those beautiful lies, got my heart broken pieces like...
definitely first class at that event! I would just peasant it up. LOL!
Why, of course you may carry by books. I would be overjoyed!
somewhere else to sell the drippings?
": It’s #FF, You Should Be Following: <--- thanks a lot!! Xo
Martin had the clean block, Bledsoe had the clean hit of Parker. And by clean I mean a foul
Chat is moving fast tonight! A3. Remember that you are not necessarily your thoughts, increase your mental health literacy.
Trying to absorb the Educational Master Plan while being attacked by a stuffed tiger.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but your choice of words really hurt.... Thanks for letting me know. Goodbye.
well you should go anyways. for a minute it looked like erick traded u with that tall black dude lol
And fuck the police they bring us no peace
Word up!
We've asked #ala11 presenters to upload materials directly to their sessions in the Conference Scheduler so check there.
good, what about you ?
Kewl! Which episode? (Sometimes I miss GG, too.)
i will always luv you for being the halarious & talented guy you really are not just because your famous thot id let u kno
Can't stop me ~
Hey guess what everyone!? Restless and Take It From Me are getting re done for the album so they will sound even better than before!!
Anyone know of a good software that combines community and ecommerce? Thanks a lot!
Sorry, the water sports sale is in store only
Every time I watch A Walk To Remember I cry. It's such an amazing movie.<3
Milwaukee in contrast to Chicago: “the hip younger sister you secretly want to hang out with.”
OMG, This guy on TV just flipped a table. Im dying bcuz I cant stop thinking about OMG !!!!!!!! *flips table*
I know did u get DM's
Three episodes behind in Downton Abbey and missing season finale
Are there any promo codes? I want to try you guys for the first time.
If only she knew
I'm passing lots of earnest smokers with backpacks on. Is it finals week?
Happy hump day indeed! been long day already ;)
Q1: What skills are most valuable in #preservation – and related – fields?
Buy low. Sell high. Sound right? Then the time to buy a home is now!
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons **
I agree RT : Artist do the djs a favor release the acapellas to your singles
B&W Awarded $150 Million Environmental Equipment and Construction Services Contract for Wisconsin Power Plant
Accounting is depressing anyway, its accounting lol
Yea! Dave is the man!
yeahh i been done since last year, dont wanna go to college !! this guy from Big Time Rush, do you know who they are!!
MIOTD: Whiskey Chicken Sandwich- Organic Chicken, apple wood smoked bacon & our special Barrel 44 whiskey glaze. Yum. Add a Manhattan.
Get UW professor Scheufele's take on the influence of digital media for Wisconsin's recall effort here: gbpg.net/uY2MmD
I'm 17 and today was the first time I've ever watched beauty and the beast.
It Feels So Good Outside :)
Great, great job You inspire me!!
Prodigy Lookin Bad on That Ustream Though ! (: Thanks For that Surprise lmfaoooooooo ! and you should follow back !
I'm almost 30mins late
so whats new?
Giants!!...Giants!!..Giants~~
Did a shoot today with Thizz Latin & Gold Toes so I have been posting photos of bay area rappers all day
My alarm is your cover " with you" I love waking up to that(:
Turning stories into multi-media events? Spare me. They're two different things: ideas expressed in disparate ways.
we will be playing at ACM's Livelink show in Bricktown...show starts at 7:30pm this Fri 11/3...its all ages, 4 bands, and no cover :)
I've been a tea drinker the last few months. But today is an espresso kind of day. -_- z
come over!!!
Reminder: is presenting on the Renaissancing of Patrick Leigh Fermor tomorrow. Meet at Everybody's !
Five VPN Services You Should Know About - PC Magazine
Movie was dumb too. It pretty much finished Hugh Jackman's career.
new home computer. first piece of software loaded?
Lita Ford and Lemmy are NOT reasons I bought this 55" HDTV
OMG! Haha Mowgli!!! You & your mommy are the pawsomest! So cute! Lol happy #tgif to you too!
RT : I'm coming in tomorrow and I hope you're still excited! <--- OH WE ARE!
I actually did full purchase and checkout for a Time Capsule that way. I did have to show either the card for purchase or my ID.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 42
Leave it to Romeo to figue them out : The #Chiefs fire their coach so naturally, they are leading the #Packers 12-7 in the 4th.
#ConfessionTime I care about my education. A lot.
My dad *loved* Stax, Chess, Motown, Atlantic, etc and passed that on to me. Great music and memories.
Two thirds of Google's acquisitions succeed, says David Lawee, Google's head of corporate development
's Geist was quite nice tonight the turbot w/ fennel ravioli, the raw ox w lump roe,& the vanilla i.c wOlives&liquorice were tops
I'm anxious to relive my time in Madrid. First two pages already brought back lots of memories.
not really in the talking mood....im done for the night #dnt txt or call me
How does a person acquire a first draft script?Curious how your 1st draft of Dark Shadows reads.Are they avail for research?
DID GET HER TWITTER BACK?!
My new phone won't download twitter?! :l
Less than one hour to weigh in for UFC on FOX. Fight Saturday at 6. Pre and post fight specials at 5:30 & 7.
Tokyo's hottest club is Kurabu, club owner Mr. Miyagi Yakuga has gone all out....
Watching Formula One replay on Speed great race team Red Bull Renault is running strong
nevermind saw you were looking for something else.
CRAFTY DEAL: Visit Jenny Wren Jewelry (booth 37) 3-4 pm, say "WREN" & receive free bag of beads w/purchase of $20 or more! 1 per customer
Thats cause you get the free flights I am going to have to hook out and
Heart is with Ketty.
Happy hour(s) at Ivar's. So happy. So full.
Lol - she sure did!RT : Gloria clearly had a word with HER-MAN.
when do u want yours..lol i got plenty i books i can turn u on to #MYbrotha lol
place to read, reflect, research, share
How bout them mavs
Interview at Mott in a little while
You do the same. Working on three articles tonight when I get off work.
Happy Friday! Today: Logo Finalizations, Invitation Collateral, and Research. How bout you?
Warblers are in the park. Grab your birding binoculars and let us know what you see!
Found your new Twitter account on facebook
So sick of studying.
thanks for following me Taj. Means a lot to me! Oh and good morning!
I've been meaning to go to one -- Now I have a great incentive!
Working on new material for you all. New songs and new pics. Get ready - E
#raw10 Had dinner w/ a woman who had a henge-door booger, she breaths, it went in-n-out. I had to say something, cause dinner was coming.
We're going to try this! RT : New cocktail. It's a double vodka with a rasher of bacon in it. I call it the "Salty Russian".
I hope all 20-somethings deeply regret your "Born This Way" tattoos. Where is Lady GaGa now? Besides not making shitty, shallow dance music.
Pop the bottles and celebrate like a rock star Mary
ya. It took him a while to notice me! Good Luck :)
Watch a sad movie over the weekend. Half way through I realized this was the movie Jessie warned me not to rent. Why didn't I remember!!
It's not easy being survival experts, but we make Bear Grylls look like an idiot
I'm headed to the gym to put in a serious workout on my calves, and catch in the act,
Let's say your partner says something that seems critical about what you've done or not done
You're Not a Bad Bitch, Your An Annoying Little Twat.
Chris Brown ft. Justin Bieber
Sleep...where are you hiding?
#2012 The crazy return its getting closer and closer
Yeah...that is it. None of the larger pieces mend and really not as much there as everyone thought...still a nice jar!
It's cold!! Spend St. Patrick's Day inside the warm Museum - and the night bundled up in green!
Fuuuuuuckkk. I missed The Price is Right.
i saw you. way to make my target trip worth all the parking structure chaos!
it's like the Holy Trinity of being alone.
Tyson Beckford: 'My sex tape isn't good': Model and actor says that he is "sad" about leak of footage.
I saw an asian boy wit that shit on maybe he's on the downlo real talk.
I think after people pass the age 21 they don't get excited for there birthday anymore.
Woke up feeling like shit. Fuck you & your day.
An absolute can only be given in an intuition, while all the rest has to do with analysis.—Henri Bergson
RT : I sure do. Check out my Twitter background for a pic of the bridge that used to cross it. :)...
I feel like I'm breaking :((
Just because the relationship ended, doesn't mean the feelings did.
that's actually super cute
that apply to Angel as well
u have to circle someone. Hit the circle icon then do a search...
go get help - that's not normal neck pain if it's shooting.
We are heading to to meet one of our bloggers and family for well, #brunch. Excited to try the food!
I love me some "Girl With the Tattoo"
It was alright
or giving a presentation.
thanks guys, I'll check you guys out and be sure to give you a shout out!
I need a haircut asap
When will Larry Remer (approp name huh) just leave us all alone? Maybe next time he's indicted he'll go?
Hey yall im in a grand mood! Imma post some music links! BRB
Ain't nothing like a ice cold Pepsi!
Those of us who know you, don't wonder at all. :D Go, Alice!
"This was Cambridge, after all. Where else did one recruit spies?"—from Ian McEwan's latest fiction, in the magazine Monday.
where do you live?
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent. - Marilyn vos Savant
hahha how awesome is it! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
need a male model?
On second thought, perhaps not, Orange.
Take it to the head
Orvell's The Real Thing is pretty fantastic. Thanks
TY & you know know we love having such expert graphic artistry in #Beertown. says get working on NYT & Variety ads!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 72F FAIR
It's official! is coming to visit next weekend :) I could not be more excited
People think Common is a soft rapper because they can't understand what he's rapping about. (Smh) No, that just means you're a dumb listener
People watching in the airport >>
EYES ARE WATERING BUT NOT ALLOWING ONE TEAR FALL
#DUDLEYBOYZ #TRINALANA DOES IT HUGE IN DC S/O TO>>>>>> MMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!!
Sitting in a window bar in Times Square NY watching New Years festivities prep for tomorrow night. Its great to be in NY this time of year!
Get enthused about your spouse's accomplishments. Be very free with those pats on the backs.
Oh thank you! I'm having the time of my life! RT : dang girl! Just caught up on your blog- you really...
What's really going on in your life that you want to change Text You that change...
WHERE IS IT??
After your 'Ready? Set? GO!' tweet, I literally saw Dimo sprinting down Clark like Dimo's was under attack. Coincidence?
Teachers don't miss the NOLA Teachers' Gathering & Wkshop this wknd It's on our events calendar. Tweet us if you're going ;-)
Great to see so many friends at the Vinoteca HH tonite, thanks for coming
Lmao. What you trying to say
Why isn't that taken as a compliment? Just curious.
Hi. Fuck me.
thanks Alan :) I jsut came back from Iran too and am fighting my jetlag too :)
I love Run For Mercy! See you at the next #smckc event.
I'd be happy just to be able to do an interview with you for my show.
Bout to throw sum hot wings n oven
Congratulations on your certification, Dion!
lol its on Vevo tho I just watched it there :)
damn. This my 2nd
Synth samples from Subotnick "Silver Apples of the Moon" & The Normal "Warm Leatherette"
2 quick thoughts ...better rebounding for cards ..NYE match up out rebounded by 21!! And Siva can not shrink like last time.
so the "oh I can do THAT" attitude hasn't been an issue
No room on the first train that came. Hopefully the next one can hold a few hundred more.
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
well i g2g bye
RT make your house germ proof against the swine flu, all flus, cold viruses and allergens....be a healthy you!
Well, congratss to who was invited<3
Holy shiz--that was a night only #sxsw could provide....wow! Circle of trust haha
Just got a bunch of lemons from a friend and am contemplating a host of recipes! Lemon curd might be the winner
In spite of its deficiencies, Myspace was productive in that it taught and encouraged its users to code
LOL! Sounds great. C u tomorrow!
"why don't you have a boyfriend" lol.
what do you think !!!
Penn Station is the best station.
Trying to get up a list of other German-speaking lawyers besides and me. Know anyone else? Please let us know. Thanks.
I'm talking mani, pedi, brazilian wax <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Ah the weekend!!! I am really ready for a break. Are you???
A friend of mine tried to convince me to sign up for one of those dating sites, but it kind of freaks me out. Male browsing.
Does anyone REALLY find any of the Sony mascots... endearing?
amazing picture. Is this in WI?
I spent today trying to found out what's the next step
Shouldn't be drinking Mountain dew at this hour. Makes me crazier. If u know me, u know that I'm crazy enough
We LOVED these! :)
RT : #MotivatedMorning! "With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." -- Eleanor Roosevelt #MotivatedMorning!
BBC reporter on #FBipo: "It's a shot across the jugular of Google. This is shaping up to be the next Titanic battle."
well i really like someone alot but she is married she really means alot and special to me she is going back to colombia
Best idea of your career right there Kravy. Save me a seat.
Thx, Ted! RT : Life is like beekeeping. If you want honey, stick your hand in the beehive. -- Lorie Marrero
#quote "The man who dares to waste 1 hour of time has not discovered the value of life." C.Darwin-What are YOU going to do today? Tweet me!
Does it make you want to use the product differently? More social network-like?
My pleasure. My good buddy recommended the products! Looking forward to the cocoa shake.
Welcome 2 the club...LOL. Cant help but laugh cuz all u can do is what u can. Depressing if u think of it any other way.
#ncph2012 & #oah2012 Chauncey monte-sano and Ben Hoffman of UMD- teaching teachers to teach history writing
I don't really want to go to work today.
Personal checks!
HAHA!(: Woah, that's a pretty cute one! It's so crazy how it looks just like you!
Aww, that is too cute!
All I think about is food ...
Only consistency will create lasting change!
you're such a sick drummer!
Just saw your tweet ! I miss you!
Happy Mothers Day ! Momma told me I was special growin up. I'll drink to that. Theresa and Billy Boy Brad bartending today. JC
Time to get Known.
u shouldn't offer live chat if noone is ever available to answer
ok brb gotta go eat
.!!! You have no idea how happy I am to see you and !!
how can u pick Jessica? Can't we all just agree to think they are both terrible?!
U have 2, for your own sanity, wean him off that YGG.I used old school hip hop, a little"Dirt Girl World" and a bit of Zeppelin.
Now us #HEAT fan can say MVP to all day b/c he's the official MVP
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless guys
can you get it up?
We can't wait! Can we start now!? RT : Great American Pitchfest & are our guests #scriptchat tonight!
what's the matter?
Haha, wow. Love it when that happens. Nice to meet you, and indeed she is a good egg. The xfitpaleoiverse still small.
3 things I live by: shameless, selfless, and Payless. Gotta get those $18 Batman sneakers where the heel lights up!
HAHAHA! If only my father had a Twitter... I'll be sure to text him tonight! :)
lol. Not to play manager, but you know that excuse makes no difference, right? :)
I heard that test waz really hard! howd ya do?
nightmares w/ movie scores... strings by larry gold...
The weather is simply beautiful in Houston right now!
Forever an orange egg. Such a shame.
Yeah, I'll probably be on Atlantis in a month. :)
Tuesday Tips is happening right now! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter Soda for $13.99. A lot of Great BBQ for a great price!
That's CAPITAL EAGLE Pride!
RT : And we will have the low-down on what happened between the 51 team of and the 39 team of
haha well she can leave. She doesnt deserve that sexiness
didn't u brake that when u fell down walk in up the hill?
Planet Pet special: #Save $100/mo! We're offering them a deal we r extending 2 u! Social media mgmt just $800/mo. Act now!
only needs four drinks before commencing with the Burmese Python jokes
Take it to the head
Due to bad weather, we will be closing @ 4pm (Christmas Eve). Those who are traveling, be safe, & wishing you all a very happy holidays.
Thanks for the #ff!
It's taken an hour to get from mooreland rd to 35th street. Find a different route!!
What about "wongs"? RT : long damn way to go for wings
ugh...hate cleaning day! hurry so you can get out and enjoy this beautiful day!
I'm not sure..but I wish you were in the finale because you deserve it. :)
Social studies test with 114 questions fun right?
This one's over! Good game #mubb. That not Crowder looks good. DJO isn't so bad either.
went to Farmers Market in US yesterday! Amazing produce...do you go?
Anytime my lady. So good seeing you and your beer...
Rejoice on this day! Easter is the promise of hope! Open your heart and let him in! Enjoy today and be glad to be alive! God bless you!
Pessimism never won any battle. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Do any of my San Diego friends love me enough to give me a ride to LAX at some point?? Gas money is covered obviously.... #maybe?
had to argue w/folks here to send tents over tarps, at least they have some sense of 'floor' and a bit more security. A bit.
Sorry for the lack of tweeting over the last week. I've been busy making the move to Madison, Wisconsin
im pretty good what about you
New Businesses should take advantage of programs offerred by our Business Assistance Specialist. Call for info!
Your iPhone is not a status symbol anymore when the crack head down the street owns one. Neither are AF1's. Or your new tat. Or mustache.
What percentage of your grade would you say knows HTML? CSS? Javascript/jQuery? PHP?
Congratulations to Mountain State University for going live on Salesforce.com. Using Salesforce to Salesforce connector to share data with…
First announces that one of my fav bands, , is playing in town & NOW a new tune premiers. Oh. Em. Gee.
u r so hot u r the same age as me i was born february 18 1999. lol follow me please.
Aventura and prince Royce in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> #
Good call by the coyotes to put all their fans in white .... Especially since that's the color the kings are wearing
Tonight, 8PM, FREE staged reading of "The Architect", The Lex Theatre, Hollywood. Compelling story, great actors! see you there?
Watching "Pardon the Interruption" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
lol I'm too lazy to haha. I need to sleep too. Our minds get to racing at night we need our beauty rest
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho stat rumors about and other celeberties it pointless to start a rumor people RT
#FF right back at ya! :) Have a nice weekend.
Check out AAPT and TBSS. Both should have A HUGE month in March.
JaVale is not ready for this
Watching la la and want to give charlamagne (don't know how to spell his name) a big shout out cause he is so real
Sad I didn't workout today...
Twitter already doesn't know me. Why would it think I'd want to follow ?
Cinco de Mayo is for #amateurs, similar to St. Patrick's Day.
well, it can't get much worse than today. But we both gave it a shot. That is more than others. That won't happen again
'Oh lord save us from politicians who preach.' Well said .
Could have bought two fairly good PCs (or one mac) with what I spent on clothes yesterday, but it was worth it. My tailor loves
thanks! I got your entry! :D
very bad defensively
Lol ya it does
Cue the signature frog story. Join us at one of our #SmartChart trainings to hear it!
Read thru convo & I'm really sorry bc she is TERRIBLE. But also must say DirectorEvil now seems even more appropriate now :/
In one of those "I'm not really hungry, but I should eat these leftovers in the fridge" kinda moods.
Time to get serious in the gym
I believe you're right, thank you spotify!
Lol of coarse!
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragon-fly.
I say, that on the last day of school, we all burst into dance when the last bell rings & sing What Time is It from HSM 2.
I cared, you didn't. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized. Too late.
Oh My Goodness! I Was Looking at Your Old Profile, The Girl Who Hacked You is REALLY Rude & Upsetting!
I'm glad we connected on Twitter! Because communicating via #sm is cooler than talking to each other IRL. :)
Morning!! :)) Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
im STARVING.
At the vinyl to see ! They were AMAZING!!!!! So SEXY!
you heading back
This Wendy lady that has a TV show scares the living sh*t out of me.
Happy Thanksgiving to the entire 3Bet universe!
Wishing I could take my family to Disneyland for summer vacation 1 more time before my oldest daughter starts college...
Catching up on all my shows first it's GCB
Don't shed your tears for someone who hurt you. Don't long for that person that left. Don't feel sorry if you failed when you tried ur best.
Shaddup, I already realized that.
Words can't describe how AMAZING Coachella was last night. Still blown away...
how will you ever make that happen?!
Thank you for the RT! Have a great
he has one spot on his chin that won't grow hair. #dumbassbeards #carlproblems .
Fun Facts Friday! Almonds are members of the peach family.
So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!
#OnethingImgoodat DANCE! :D
m;D
Scenes from travel, part I: Yellow line, DC metro: women gets on, starts loudly singing spirituals. No one reacts.
Very, very cool!
hi beautiful <3
mmmhmmm yes....amazing!
but who thought about it first (me)
why thank you. Same to you...
#FF and bless him cause he tends to sneeze a lot ha <3
do u live in CA
G'morning great people!! Go be great today! Lol..back to this music
only one thing can cause that much paperwork... congrats!
yes it was!!!
Shorter : Smart move to pass on debate because repeating last year's signature #fail will be far more costly to Carl's race.
Yes! Of course on the other hand I get impatient on elevators.
oh I did <3 I love you
War against math and cos and sin are winning
Have fun! RT Wish Ball Committee meeting (@ Make-A-Wish Foundation)
I find it amazing that the same #media calling #teaparty folks racist is calling an African- American (Herman Caine) their new darling
the avi will be back and better than ever I'm just letting them get off my bumper for a minute
Oh hell yeah summer school
Day one of giving up potatoes for lent. So far so good, but lunch is approaching...
When a girl says "Whatever...", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
and people wonder why I sleep in.
who are you talking to?
Chargers fans, follow for team news. Follow me if you want to do well in your fantasy football league!
Have I mentioned how happy it makes me that is in the newest X-Men movie? Never get tired of that.
no Doggie don't do it lol
Rainy Saturday night. Great excuse to stay in and have a movie night. Going to pop in my Alfred Hitchcock movie DVD : )
I still get butterflies even when i've seen you 100 times.
I couldn't make it. Hope it was a success. I will definitely be by soon
Flight supposed to leave when the Detroit snow (6-8") arrives. Should arrive when the DC snow (10-20") arrives there. This should be fun.
The #Stream4Joy puzzle (#) answer is: Three Men and A baby
Excited for a Brewer day game with an interesting line-up and HUGE vs. Knicks game tonight to take that playoff spot..
she did seem awful thin
nice. I'm not doing that.
Yeah, it's really fun!
Another beer? No, no, I couldn't possibly.. Oh, you insist? Well, in that case, it would rude to refuse, wouldn't it?
replies from Action Item, Before You Exit & Ariana
Spink and Cool is a citation in a journal article, but sounds like a great name for band.
Tuesday is my busiest day. I have work, class, then a play I directed & one I wrote are being performed, so I can't. :( But thanks
Would LOVE to network!!! RT : now following .... follow back
Taking my last final in my lundqvist jersey then sprinting to see the rest of the game. Let's finish them boys!
good for you, slam those bastards.
what u up too
RT - the miami dolphins now have 87 running backs.
where the hell is she. omfg. im freaking tired as hell.
Yes! A perfect day for a birthday!
A Gopher/Packer fan? What sort of madness is that??!! ; )
Thx For The support!!
That's a double-joke, folks.
Can't sleep. :/
Really excited for comics today. What are you guys picking up?
At the #AI national meeting in Orlando.
what are you talking about? Only 52 people see these?
Ever watch 'Martin' when he had the swollen face? Jyeah....suga shanes face right now
Commission public input hearing in San Diego now in session.
I'm in Seattle now...do I have to switch from being a Twins fan to being a Mariners fan??
YW! If you would DM the contact info for sending out press releases, we want to make sure all of central VA knows about MAVC.
Absolutely love your work.
We should like make a trending topic saying alex should come, loool!
just tell me the truth..if you don't feel the same as me just say it and stop leading me on..
Thx & 4 the fun party last night. Thx also for indirectly providing my b-fast today.
Choo's on board, get him home Damon!
“: Some people are just weird.” ya
T-Minus 1 Hour to Google IO registration. Battlestations everyone!
Looking forward to it We'll be giving away 4 tickets to the Colts/Packers game tonight!
It's working fine for me - is it the browser maybe? I'm on Safari.
I,mma let u what I need I need a girl Dats Gon be Ma baby so fine I go Dats Ma baby if you Love say your Ma baby. #NP I Need a Girl.
TRACY STILL! DAMN lol
At buffalo wild wings with the Chilis crew!!!
hahaha you are fucking GREAT! But really guys, it's true(;
Hop On Cleveland here we come!
#iwannagiveashoutout to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter! & Check'em out! Great #artists & great live shows!
SO MUCH #Shindig RT love, You Rock!!
Bears vs the AFC West BRING IT ON!!!
Ready to feel old? RT : College hoops is seeing an influx of players named "Shaquille." You can probably guess why.
Blessings ALL. May God smile upon your day! : )
thanks for the followback! if you need great shears, great sharpening or new product u can call text or tweet! good day 2 u! -Pete
I'm going to still see you today right?
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time...
In the hectic world today, we rarely take time to enjoy real beauty.
nice - thanks for thinking of me!
let's lie down and just give up
omg stop ):
The best vintage night of the month is tonight with live jazz. We're saluting Texas Guinan, Queen of the Speakeasies
Oh, and after last night Mike McClendon is not available Today. Some will argue that McClendon shouldn't be available ANY day.
in slow motion I knnnowwwww
Fuck! I can't win with some of the people in my life Smh i give up
Don't worry, I know :(
Don't be what people want you to be. Be yourself and find someone who truly loves you for what and who you are.
I'm faded, and I don't give a FUCKKKKKKKKKKK
Adios Dallas...ready for my arctic adventure getting home.
watch as i eradicate your production line with my blue flame hellion harass
It's absolutely gorgeous in Vegas today. Blue sky, perfect temp, slight breeze. If it wasn't Vegas it would be awesome!
I know you're right!!! This has gone too far! It was Panera Bread so let me know if it is just a Detroit thing.
Three hospitals and an ministry errand this afternoon. My feet are now wanting to reject leather bottom shoes. Home sounds nice.
- Have a blast!
While CDs, DVDs, custom tees & download cards are our mainstay, we print on just about anything. Hit us at CorePrints.com. San Antonio owned
will you please go to fb and look up we love austin mahone then go to the contest and look for Melanie and like the picture! thanks alot:)
Ha! 's error fix recommendation suggests that I just buy the latest version: how convenient.
Hey! where is Maria Menounos? She was at Super Bowl I believe, figured she would be tweeting away... In shock?
Black and white at 8am, robes at 11am, and black and white at 4pm. #blessings RT : are we wearing robes
Clear is having a sale on new modems! Call 253.218.6107 for details!
This Lady Talking Bout I Might Not Get My Walking Boot Till Next Week O_o
whoever it is tell them to play with my balls lol
I really want some soda right now!
Ever sat next to one of those people who just wants to talk? Except they're not really happy, but bitchy? Yeah...
Join our discussion today - special offers for LPN members can be found here.
I've had it with the cute animal videos on w/ .
That state of Limbo
no, you just don't get my personality. So yeah.
Looks like Alex has the same sickness vs as aka had vs
Completely and utterly agree.
OMG. I am SO JEALOUS.
New Shirt SNL/LADIES MAN ADULT SLIM FIT T-SHIRT
don't get used to it. it's only because i'm taking a break from doing taxes and a web project
Rihanna got some issues.
Hey! You need to concentrate mister! No tweeting! (Me at least) :)
proud of you man.
He's bringing me lunch now I know it's real lol
I hope you guys will stick around. It's been fun to follow you.
What about the uncharismatic minorfauna? Who thinks of them?
Safe Travels & #CLIPPERS RT : Good moods, good vibes on the team plane. #Clippers headed to San Antonio for...
Thank you!!! We all love you, too!!!
and here i am. like always.
sorry! Info coming tomorrow am! Got your order in this eve!
for sure. I really want to see it again.
Im so proud of Deon!!!
how do you know what order you are
Chances of Scotty tweeting me seem to be growing slimmer each and everyday.. WOO
Hey, is the art crawl going to fuck with our rehearsal today?
Miss you guys so much!! Are you ready for another show as much as I am??
not at all, maybe a slight bit creepy but who cares about such things
Sometimes, getting within earshot of Jesus is transformative enough. ~Alyce M. McKenzie
got that?? Lol been. Min. Been ruff out here in these streets lol. U ready to get back to it?
what are some of your favorite #sweettreats to make?
hang in there, friend. It can only go up from here!
12 hours of food and wine pairings...not bad. Did I mention I got paid for all that time?!
Like didn't we press pre k.
Learn to maintain the Secret of the Burning Heart. Its a Heart that can go through anything by not letting Emotion kindle a Positive Spirit.
I agree. Much appreciated.
Are you trading? What do you trade?
It suppose to fall in the 30s tonight
So addicted to everything on Just discovered Sword and Laser, and now watching Dark Horse motion comics. I'm in love.
It's a perfect time for "Snow Stamp" #advertising in the snow-covered markets.
#digitalindia ITHAKA Sustainable Scholarship 2011 to be held in September in New York City. Note ITHAKA.org for updates on this
Did someone can tweet austin and say to him to tweet me ??
Happiness is a great way of looking at the world!
Haha, yeah it happens a lot. Sorry!
Since clarification was apparently needed: I'm aware there's no little man in my computer actually reading my messages, guys.
drafts list is no thick right now. Would take me a few days to try everything.
About to go on a roadtrip
I love your quotes! <33
Gotta show some love to everyone over at Computer Arts Magazine Make sure to check them out and follow them on twitter!
we ought to finalize plans... and more importantly- WHAT WILL I WEAR?
Now we're hungry, great choices! Be sure to visit again soon!
The guy next to me always smokes, then drinks coffee before class. His breath is beyond nasty. Chew some gum man. Bleh.
to much pressure?
c me now c me LATER u got ya hands out when im on the top but u turn ya shoulder when im at the bottom
I'm hoping to enjoy both #corflu and #gally. One because it is near home, and b because I'm staying at both hotels. ;)
Broncos just lost a fan.
We will do it tonight
Thanks for finding me, I look forward to following you, too!
love that place Dolphin research center..Fl grassy key !
I needs me some cupcakes!
She moving and grovinm
Have you all heard the News?,ABC has giving Casey Anthony another $200,000 this Child Murderer is on easy street,We going to stand for that?
I'm about to type up my final copy of my Mario paper!!! Thanks to everyone who helped me with it!!
DJ Mello is movin' us right now... here comes 15 Polk Street. You ready?? Yes you are...
- very interesting information!
Don't settle and/or be content with not being at your very best this year. Make progression though out & always strive for perfection in 12.
For a date to go with your Happy Hour drink >>>
Amere look #stupid on the court right now
You heard it here first..Nats/O's World Series!! Of course i have had a few cold libations!!
Kristen Wiig's one of the best dresses -safe but beautiful IMO!
Good morning! The weekend is finally here!!!
me too it's crazzy
I'll have to get your top ATL list... will be there for 12 days in July. Also... You MCCing?
Could shit get any worse??
When are you signed up to take the GMAT test?
Just received this text from my darling 1stborn: "You are blowing up my twitter, woman!" Sorry y'all! I'll hush for now. :)
OMG. is so gorgeous i want to look like her.
Best business app. Charm city circulator
how to tell a lady from a hoe: take one look at her and you will already know.
New study says college students having less sex than in the past. Second study says college students also lying a lot more on surveys.
“: Time out- why was Joel Olsteen on #thevoice tonight?”you saw that too???
Just ordered new basketball shoes and 2 shooting sleeves. Ready for
Congrats. Now go into hiding to avoid the crazy people. :)
thank you :)
good luck! You're going to own it.
I thought you were changing your avi. Did you change your mind?
Thx honey! That is good to know! Right now it's just that we are very limited in baking til fixed.And , loved CNU!
also mirrors
What a relaxing sunday evening...
*Leaves in search of bourbon*
THANK YOU!!
- thanks for the compliment! is happy to be at !
good times :) we deff need to get together when I go!
where you getting training?
Accepting applications for state delegates!!
Luv it > Curious George > bath time > lullaby > and now trying to pull vinyl that doesn't use "motherfucker" in the hook
Doc said tonight: "I wish I had a better reason for you, but I don’t. It was just a lack of executing pitches in key situations."
Lunch wit my boys
In my #journalism class learning why #badnews seems to dominate. It's too bad that this is in fact true.
It's a wasabi kind of Wednesday.
Join us for our Wednesday Wine Tasting. 5 delicious red blends from California and South America for only $8. 6-8pm.
make it in milwaukee and I'm in
What did you eat?
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online. Esther
: Considering trying a do-it-yourself carwash in a shady area of town to spice up the evening.
Enjoy hot air balloon rides discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
#10FactsAboutMe I play the flute, piano, and violin
today was fun. talking happened... dancing happened... great times were had
bob sez just flashed when we took #the Ramones to Jack n the Box: Kid at counter R u goin 2 rob us? Joey "Yeah giv us all yr tacos."
Reading "Why It's Kicking Off Everywhere" w/ seniors. Do they see selves as (almost) "graduates w/ no future"?
only 45 more days =( so sad but can't wait to see my friends!!!
Getting a little crafty tonight. :)
You have a charge to keep and a God to glorify! Dr. Booth
Heading to victors oh yea
#gmail is down. Not a good sign for Big G
sigh i don't know how to sleep
Would never have guessed. I like it about you though
I like making cry >:)
Thanks for the RTs!
Submit a request to join on the Facebook Group page
#SchoolMemories being lame
Most productive week in the #archives in awhile. :-)
Courtesy the shy(?) : Guns "n" Rosacea
had to write a script that's 4 pages long. ugh that's alot of words.
At least my girlfriends vagina doesn't smell
So I said this on my shoot today: Can the butt rub be in better focus?
i whip my hair back an fore
#hth2012 discussion about copyright sometimes bug. IP is set up as big mysterious issue.
Being stared at by a cute little girl who is literally hopping around with joyful energy. Kind of makes me want to hop too.
One of your MANY great qualities is that you always find the silver lining! So glad Dad is stable. Soldier/rock on.
‘Pride and Prejudice’ pays a call at the Metropolitan Ensemble Theatre
had no idea people are getting THIS into the lottery.
did you use the whole 2 minutes to sing on the X Factor?
Dude i know! Westbrook just nailed another shot!
"Business needs more people willing to take risks and play out on the skinny branches." -Robin Sharma
I know you know the has jumped the shark. Please break it down for Howard. Jon Hein you are our only hope...
don't feel bad man, feel empowered! others may respond favorably or show you more attention. Either way, it's cool. I got you!
All licensing, endorsements or appearances must flow this office with signed conetracts with both sides!
- Presumably a rat or a mouse. Almost definitely not a squirrel.
Or should I say good morning? You pick. I'm off to dreamland.
Had a great core/ab workout at the gym, then a 2mil interval run and finished by running 125 stairs- twice!!! Feels great!!
hi paris
"The angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors...and said, Go, stand and speak... to the people."~Acts 5:19-20
!_|-!~ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
LIFE IS LIKE RIDING A BICYCLE. To keep your balance you must keep movi
#DaGut is always welcome. Let us know so we can make sure we have plenty of Patron on hand!
Everyone go follow <3 :D
A few weeks of health shakes, now for the workout aspect of this plan. Just spent 45 mins on a high resistance setting on an elyptical
Response From Survey Taker
I want that soundtrack.
Probably not on newsstands but we are on kindle UK and zinio if you don't mind reading digital. Thanks!
All I ever tweet about anymore is how I hate my job. I'm boring. Lol.
Just a few blisters after walking the parade in me pirate boots. Now I know why pirates say aaaaaaaarrrrrgghhh.
I hate when sluts dress like its wacky tacky day for everyday attire
I say what comes to mind !
Tension.......i can just smell it in the air.
No offense to One Direction, but I'd rather spend $45 & see 100+ bands at Warped Tour than spend the same amount to see one band.
Games at the #palomar are much better now thanks to the #wsop. Why am I telling you this, dont come join me!
If your company is not using social media, you are simply ignoring the conversation already happening online
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. Stendhal
Everyone have fun tonight..
": Lmao omg everyone thinks I'm a stalker" LOL. But you are! :P
thanks for the recommendations! I'll check out for sure!!!
I don't want to deal with this hater right now so bye! :D
burgers and brew this afternoon at Capital Brewery...spending alot of time in capitals lately...this one will be relaxing...M...
I agree no dew for me.
get back on
Weather seems like it is starting to break for a little...get out there and enjoy the fresh air!
people and their nonsense annoy me -__-
#first40songsonshuffle 35. Little Drummer Boy - Glee
have a blessed day!
My mother got the volume up so loud in her room. I'm fin walk myself in there and just turn the tv off.
Lies! It makes a world of sense. Metaphors, Chris. Metaphors!
: mkay ill see. Haha & where's that.?! O.o lolz & nicee. I live in SD.
chilling with the fam up in the
It's Saturday today :) Perfect day to hit the gym - Get out there and GET IT DONE!
In calm tines, we say a prayer. In desperate times, we truly pray. - Dr. David Jeremiah. A Bend in the Road.
Double date!
CONGRATS KATIE BRANDING! You are DAY 9's Giveaway winner. Please contact us through email so we can send you the goodies.
skin kinda looks like MCA in that funky flow.. #albumcominsoon?
Happy Tuesday, get outside and enjoy this weather! And if you live in the neighborhood, walk on over! :)
Wow, I don't think I ever noticed before how inane Billy Corgan's lyrics are.
ikr! tv sucks big hairy balls! lmaooo
ima be cookin more shit for you mang... give u some real different shit that i do ..see if we can get u a banger
We have pulled the plug on Jonny Sanchez after his 15-0 claims. Still taking resumes guys!
I'm bored wahhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
anything is an improvement over those awful all-navy jerseys, and much like i'm a fan of the
Wow. *Cowering in embarrassment for not knowing* Then congrats on the Pulitzer. Richly deserved for a fearless work.
Thank you Roselynn! You have a great day, too!
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I love you, I hate you, I hate you... <U+2665>
Wow just read your stream. Hope you feel better man. I'd miss the angry posts ;-P
Heading over to hear and others talk about critical games studies in a few minutes. But first a cup of tea.
I'm so sorry. You're one of the big reasons I come :)
Been great being home with family and friends the last 10 days. Time has flown by. Probably because it feels like we are just on vacation.
- yeah, that's more like it. :)
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past.
Never. Not to be flippant, but why do you need Flash? RT : When is Apple going to resolve the flash issue on the iPad??
When nobody shows love <<<<<
at least its not March and snowing...
im alive!
no you text me
lol i figured, im great..you? Whatcha cooked?
Come on baby, don't let it break your heart.
can i still ask you a question? well if i can here is my ? can you follow mee? RYANBEATTYSINGLLLLLLLE <3
And if I had the chance id ask the world to dance.
When yuh go through yur contacts to delete old useless numbers...
Where were you born and raised?
Thank you for following welleducator.org! Happy holidays :D
Hill whoop bron with some 9s ...
Also, Edmund Hillary: "It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves."
BigAng is a Trip. She makes me laugh.Like seeing you and Drita hang together. True friends are hard to find.
said she was going to bed and stopped texting me but is still tweeting.
Well thats shit. Oh well, not a fan of BTR anyway. They're gonna be smashed by fans for that.
When you think about it the letter "q" should really be "qu"
Go ! Spread the #erl12 love. :-D
He is the biggest flopper in the league RT : I think Lebron is crying
I just want to give a hug. #iloveyou (:
headed back to WM.
I did. I dig! Keep it up and stay in touch.
you like? ;D
solid record definitely need to spend some more time with it, seemed like the perfect Sunday morning album
Tough loss for our Thunder tonight ... If you want to come drink your sorrows away, we won't stop you.
FML I have to wake up in 2 hours to get ready for school ._____.
c people. TUSD shouldn't cut funding to music everyone needs it. It can save peoples lives trust me if it wasn't for music i would proba ...
#5 C.Boozer give the contract money back, and release yourself. Gar Forman Bulls GM
NOT COOL!! I did get the "so when are you due?" question... My response... "Uh he's two months old"
you live like 5 minutes away and you still are not here!!!!!
thank you!
I don't believe in building jails because are we not trying to go into a new world, are we not trying to make life better and happier?[1945]
The link to the rocket plane is malware. It's been hijacked.
RIP Junior Seau. You were one of the good guys.
President Barbara Leonard of #The #Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
Fuuuuuuuck. Gotta get the boys & get the car today.
Sander Kleinenberg tonight @ Playhouse. This will be a sold out event. Must b on Chris&Dave's list. Ask me for great bttl specials!
Even if that guy literally imbibed the alcohol, I still think McNulty could drink him under the table lol.
Nice job
Your mission must be big enough to inspire people to follow you.
That moment when you're struttin around in shorts and realize you missed an entire section on your leg with your razor
Had a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>day today
I suppose but wow!
Those are my FAVORITES.
Does this mean you go live soon?
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011
Champions of Italy! Such an exciting game for !
RT if you're a Libra and lovin' it. :)
I censored two other posts after thinking that same thing. But she can barely run a microwave.
Nice to meet you Rich hey follow me also!!!
Good morning you up yet<U+2615>
My blood is boiling! This friend- a tea party member- just sent email about Harvey Milk being a pedo. About to end a 33 yr friendship.
1 more goal from Hanover it will be a great start !
its gets it's name from its size not the fact that it'll help you fit in those skinny jeans
I cannot for the life of me find video of bamm bamm bouncing barney. I have no idea what episode it's in. Ideas?
when you watch Finding Cody movie look for me.
#SometimesIWonder if anyone ever wants to know the #WaysToImpressMe haha.
Why? I think Opera is the best browser available.
I see kids all the time who need a break because their parents made bad choices?
:) Thank you hun, I'm hoping the pt 2 posters will be better than the pt 1...they were kinda weird and romance novely
Ma daughters b off that 2 Chainz ... I'm ridin Roun n I'm getting it smh
Marilyn: The little guy just wouldn't give up. And I liked the way the older one was trying to help.
only on page 30 in tfios and cant put the book down.
YAY! Had no idea you were in town...
would be nice to talk to someone i'm bored about to go watch
im on their lol
VGHS Seniors are also working hard to study for their AP US History exam. They're hoping for college credit!
No problem! Hope we catch up to you today. S is wearing a flowy black skirt & I've got knee-high brown boots.
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
Pair tonight's Roasted Salmon, fingerling potatoes, wild mushroom hash, celery root remoulade with our BIN 48 red blend this #WineWednesday!
“: You know ur busy when u don't even have time to drink a shake in the morning. :/”but you had your vitamins, right?
Congratulations to my friend Albert Pujols on his deserved deal! Looks like he'll be buying the Rusty Nails at Ruth's Chris from now on.
psh there's your topic right there... Cause youre humble,
Never underestimate the power of a woman. Very unwise.
Hanging our favorite neighborhood pub. Hi Lee!
Bout to go to SLEEP
Best of luck in Melbourne !
The man who lets himself be bored is even more contemptible than the bore.
i see u...*sigh*.. oh my..so sweet, caring.. #TurnToYou <3
Easy isn't it?
i sent that when you posted about your shirt being bright as fuck XD
I move 3k miles away and still get Seattle weather 2weeks straight #thatscold ! Lol
With all weekend
would you be able to find out the name of Nika's band? This dude wants to know...this is Karen btw <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Coffee for lunch.
I will see you tonight! Ready to freeze?!?
that's just bad form. HBO is changing a bit so book readers are getting to be as in the dark
I have the exact opposite problem at Burger King. You have to ask for ice. 900000 Bazillion degrees in August and still.
Hungry? We're serving our full menu this afternoon. On spring break? Come down for some nachos and pinball!
I'm All wets
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo mostly just succeeded in making me very cold.
WEN BIG HEAD WHERE WE GOIN TO BE
The arrogant and the foolish always mistake humility for weakness!
Happy Monday! We hope you have a fabulous week!
Success! Yippee!
What do you think of the hat Mayor Sam Adams wore during a press Conference today?
there is no bigger conference homer than ...it's getting ridiculous
Project allows donating to charity for free
Also, fuck you.
Tomorrow is our first Big Barrel Wednesday. FREE #BEER from 7-8pm. Like our #Facebook page and rsvp . List only
South park >
It's not truly a storm until I lose my signal. Any minute now...
that was filed a while ago Bug#: 1466167 Reproducible: Yes Solved: Yes Solution: Never use web interface EVER Status: Closed
#Social #Media #Marketing #Getatme ;-)
Kobo Live tonight with Ranger Danger, The Major, and Hello Kelly!!! Doors open at 9pm!
Excellent, thanks!
I wonder what I would do with $124 million over the course of seven years...
Back to Memphis, Great Game!!!!!
This social isolation is a bad nostalgia. Reminds me of my middle/high school weekends, but at least I can hope for catharsis at the end.
The life of a med student
hey its me andi
#latenight working fuel = peanut butter and ritz crackers. Never gets old.
if our offense had played like they did all year, yes we could've beat SF yesterday. Pats too. Its how we won all year
thanks and likewise!
Man, Quintana just toppled Latimore and he fell over like a tree
Thanks...I have been hitting the gym thre....wait, who are you talking about?
I'm aware I have a potty mouth -.-
HUNGER GAMES AT 2!!!! didn't go too school today!! GOOD DAY!! (:
Same BS, they are beyond irrelevant.
I do. The first chef I ever worked for had the most sick recipe ever. I'll try to remember it all and send it to you.
: Thank you, so glad you enjoyed! :)
Hi Alistair! Love your message! Inspiring!
Found an amazing website that's going to save me in writing my Jewish studies paper. It's called "Jewish Encyclopedia." Thank you....Google!
If u want a camio in my reality show
ha that sounds about right .
good one :P
Thank you all for following. If you should have any questions please contact us at
FUCK, back to school tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#TeamHawks Baby. Run'em out the gym......
Thanks 4 becoming our newest Home 4 Good Partners! We look 4ward 2 working w/ u 2 end chronic & Veteran #homelessness in LA!
Still not paying any attention to what's around her...smh...i.wish she would...
Boarding a 777. This thing is big. Next stop Guam (technically Hawaii)
So... what? You're endorsing ignorance?
i feel like cry... i think its time for me to take my ass to bed
that's right! How was the "sleep" over? Who slept?
IF U HAVE LESS THAN 5OOO FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW TO GAIN !
Depending on who u follow, twitter = snark, snark, hilarious comment, boring, boring, neat link, snark, boring, news tidbit.
I'm trying to get in a birthday lunch at
How I dearly wish I was not here.
of course! (: I would love to!
that is pretty! Fodera makes a nice bass!
Am STRONGLY considering ditching comcast's high speed internet for I know it's slower, but not sure I need speed...? cc
#Walker s new job numbers gave me hope. Then I woke up and I still had no job.
Yay! Josh's last Christmas present has shipped! :D :D
Summer Program is winding down and students are headed back to school soon, what advice or kind words can you offer them?
It's okay to say no to a job that's not right for you.
that's how lost this generation is! It has become a social epidemic.
Grizzly Bear - Two Weeks - 01:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Yay...Easter at the bar alone. #ABQgirlproblems oh and this band is making me want to take a nap.
I need to stop browsing Reddit and go do the dishes. #ExplosionsInTheSky will help I guess.
Can you follow me? Lol <3
Do actual human beings oppose birth control, or only politicians?
Trying to tweet myself to sleep. Because counting characters is essentially the same as counting sheep, right?
smh lol and you all skinny let me be eatin like that im gon be one of them fat chicks
2011.08.27 #Brewers 6 #Cubs 4 | Crew gets to Dempster / now have double-digit lead / in the division
no. At least you have uncle Jack and Jim that love you more hahaha
We must! Also let's lift heavy weights together
Do you like FREE PRODUCTS!! Take a look at one of my most resent hostesses earned! Give me a call if
Oh okay [:
Tonight...We are young...so I set the world on fire we can go brighter then the sun
Chocolates to shoot, prints to frame...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 11
Good morning
dreadlocks just scream dirty!! Wtf is she thinking..take a shower lol
yeah!! Lol,I was like..r u serous :P haha
Thanks so much for pulling this together! I've been following the discussion as a future rare books cataloguer/librarian.
my mum said y u dnt answer her txt
haha I do know everything!! Lol
yeah! i think my brothers taking me to that party he invited me to. i wish you could come!! *Livin4TheNight*
what's up kiddo?
If 1 tenet of Common Core in PA is 4 Reading teachers to use 45% non-fict, aren't S.Studies, Math & Science inherently non-fiction?
Man my nose stuffy af. No matter how much I blow my nose, it's still stuffed. I can't fuckin breath!
"But here's my number, so call me maybe... " LOVE THAT <U+2665> Xoxo ;**
I am one of those 8 people.
"its just twitter" "its JUST twitter" "its JUST twitter"? You're probably right; maybe I DIDN'T make myself clear.
so call me maybe ;) impossible to keep reading when this song is on hahaa
Another day of homework and maybe some hydroponics.
Oh wow im cleansing because last night i ate way too much! I think i gained 8pound last night.
My thoughts on bringing e-books to my library after OvrDrv negotiations: You're gonna get screwed if you do, fucked if you don't.
If I get deranked im gonna break mah controller...TJ would be proud
what? Ah god pretend u didn't say that..
sorry to hear you're disappointed with the summit -did you watch and listen to direct feed, or just the MSM coverage?
Auditioning for college textbook spoof of "mad as hell scene" from Network.
we're listening!
Enjoyed seeing some old colleagues from NE at and met some nice people too.
feels kinda old tonight
If whoever's knocking at my front door at this hour actually thinks I'm going to get out of my bed and come to the door, they're insane
Alright Ritters, you win this round. You have given me the drunk hiccups & wonderful home fries... so I forgive the poor service. Promise.
Snowed in too, and also wishing I could make that soup! GRRRRRRRR
"If I've got a swing, I've got a shot."
I won both my march madness bracket tournaments. Didn't watch a game NCAAB game all season. Thanks !
still confused why the theme of our fashion show is "you never leave parsons"...cause I'm def leaving & NEVER coming back.
You know it :)
Good morning AM Tweeps. See you soon at 5-7am
hah yea with Paradise Fears, just fly here
Can't slow down, too much evil in my rear view
bo knows smart... Great book, agree
He definitely is very good, the best!
you know wrote that right? It's fake. Plus the presidents staff runs his twitter.
many thanks!!!
Not happy about your decision on the patriot act. This is not why I campaigned or voted to elect you!
Instructional Fitness - Dumbbell Front Raises
Got a call from Marsha about planning my next cruise...
I don't understand how people work full time jobs...I don't.
Silence is a girls loudest cry. when she starts ignoring you, you did something really wrong. </3
Relevance with users biggest challenge for Instagram.
Edgefield's 98th Birthday Bash starting at 3pm today! Live music, history tours, face painting, ballon guy and more! Free for all ages!
That awkward moment where your girlfriends mom is cursing in a different language and they dont realize you know what their saying.
WUDUP DOE GET SOON
Updated our web site and working on our new blog.
FYI: traditional Korean breakfast = rice, soup, veggies, kimchi, & grilled meat. Breakfast is like other meals, tho there are fewer dishes.
congrats to AA for pioneering the 'making us pay to check bags rule!' Hello Chapter 11! Worst airline ever..
Lebron keep thrown them weak ass elbows at him I'd be ready to work to lol
lol at this Glee episode.
How was your Thanksgiving?
The are embarrassed by the lack of offense in the
Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to. ~ Mark Twain
RT : Frozen yogurt is a must today(hm. Yeah you might be right)
They putting Chicago on the map, though !
The best way to remove a dead tree is dynamite and barbaric yawps. I only had one 'o those today.
AND THIS IS RECENT SHVKGRIGHHDJN
Haha! He mailed you that in the post?
can we all do wat?? Oovoo
Ik that was fake, but John's face just pissed me off! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> Lol
Thanks for the rose costume tweet! We're launching Extreme Costume Rental -1st Friday, 6/1 @ the Stutz. We also have fish & a cake
Spending my morning at Firestone getting the whip tuned up!
my angel wings are at the shop being re-glittered today, thank goodness my broom's ready and good to go!
Its crazy what people will say, just to get a reaction out of you.
ikr ohh & I don't sing in front of my parents! So when they walk in I freeze and stop singing all together! Idc its the truth
"you've got some balls kid." "two small ones but im tryin to use them."
Bo Ryan was at The Pit in 1983 for NC State & Jim Valvano's national championship. Says he & dad go to all Final Fours - their convention.
wait... there is an "off-season"?
ASSET opposition witnesses continue. All private citizens so far, not organization representatives.
Great! I'll pass along to our customers.
LOVE it!! Great job <3
so excited!
nothing better than a scratched up back
Check out and donate your textbooks!!
awww thank you :-)
Listening to the best song in the WHOLE world. 11:11 By: ... #CoolStuff It's 11:11 Make a Wish Make a Wish && Say!
thank you so much for your kindness. Love you!
Conrad Murray found Guilty of involuntary manslaughter of
what an I say, I make good ASCII art (;
Gosh, all I really needed was coffee to be creative. New Song in the works.
Im SUPER HUNGRY!!!
Hey Kim when is the baby due?
doesn't always happen happen...
The Oh Group is a sponsor for the Asian Festival in Dallas, TX. Free even on 3/12 Main St. Garden.
Lmfao!!! Damn, why?
Varney: At what point does the accumulation of patent rights itself become a market? & would there be a case for anti-trust in that?
Enjoying an ice cold Hoegaarden White Ale at Old Chicago - Colorado Springs Tejon. Join me!
can't stop listening #SaySomething <3 proud of u! :D
I'm tearin up
Thongs Are Cool
Do you want to live a long, healthy life with your friends & family? Then eat healthy and exercise regularly. And, text HEALTH to 300400.
Dude it's Track!
Fix Up, Look Sharp.
Boys definitely want the cup. Playing with an incredible amount of heart.
All of this rain will hopefully lead to beautiful lilacs for the
rehearsing some Gershwin this afternoon for SATURDAY! Quiet night: 3 days away!
Hoping for some fun today
How is that thing working out for you so far?
Going in the
nice to meet you too! I am a big nerd so twitter is more fun and less work.
its a blessed day! 7yrs ago 2day God sent me a beautiful baby boy!
i only have 69723579 things to do today ;p
Lets be nothing. I hear it lasts forever.
Started the day at Krispy Kreme in Middleton. Should be a good day.
Crazy, huh? What next?
I hate it plus side last project of this year and I got my scedule for next year.
Wow your voice is amazing!
Anatomy of choosing an auto hail damage repair specialist! www.kingoftheding.blogspot.com
excuses your lips got into the way
*shakes head* man, people change. It's sad. You think someone's good people and turns out they're selfish as all hell.
How do we know we're reaching the unchurched? is getting calls asking if we're having worship tomorrow.
So bummed about Steve Jobs death.. We lost a visionary..
Sometimes we just need to take a step back RT 10 things your grandmother can teach you about social media
": Fellas, the way you started loving her is the way she should always be loved. Make sure to give her the care she deserves
OH: "I love her New MexiCurl."
The poor girl has to be buried at Downton Abbey rather than back at home?
As of last night and I are in a band. should probably join in.
hahah the things we do at CEC.
I need to find me a man <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
Wait for it to be approved first.
Follow Me??
Your welcome lol
Thegympro.com wishes everyone a happy first day of fall! Hometown St Louis made the top 14 places in the WORLD to visit during fall
Worse than Paintball?
Dini is taking over my life. To much Bio for one test
if someone gets the lyrics to "Don't Stop Believing" wrong, please stab them for me.
Thanks for the follow! Use coupon code "Twitter" and save $20 on any order of $75+ www.WePrintQuick.com
I feel amazed.
Girls only like guys with skills.
#smwhearst I voted for 's snowball cookie as the best cookie in the A Modern Cookie Bake-off
images in from Maury and Taylor - 9 to go
come home then :/
oh, just realized yours is a joke :/ Sorry about that
Happy Birthday !
#FF these cool peoples too:
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more. Free attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
Texting Someone , Like a boss . ( ;
hey, its okay. The stuff that says can be rude. I mean i wouldnt take it.....(cont.)
this damn bird
basketball gets all my love and affection
Yes, lets!
can you make me a shout out? ill do the same?
thank you guys so much for your continued support!
good morning :)
ooh lol yea rite watching tv hehe n u what u doing
we have a few ideas, but first focusing on building a following. if ur down to meet up email me at vikash at hashtagd dot com
I will #FaceTime you tomorrow ok!?!?
I wouldn't mind a shout out (:
At this point I wan to kill fake people!!!!!!!XD
OK St trying to shut AZ down
I ignore boring texters
Fastest adrenaline rush. When you forget to eat and don't need to sleep. This is passion and I am #superwoman "always with God"
come visit me
“There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.” Calvin Coolidge
Embrace it
lol Jeff you made someone very happy!! That's cool! Hi !! God bless you and your family!!
it is ridiculous that this is even controversial
I could tell!
thanks! It was a great atmosphere down here :)
I'm ready to go home.
#awm12 Women on Top panel. More responsibility you have more available U need 2 B. Build the right team so you can step away when needed.
I think an #audition on a Friday is my fave:)
God keep your sex life and your kissy life with the person your doing it with the whole freakin' world doesn't want care except you 2!!!!
Hey Eena, thanks for the follow!
New video out today! So excited to show you guys.
Actually feeling good, no real soreness at all. Then again, that's my status - I'm sure others might not be so lucky as me.
Have been working all night
I hope this test doesn't make me fail.
#SometimesYouHaveTo hurt somebody feelins but its wuts best overall
It appears AAPL stock has reached a top. Reluctant buyers with the stock at all-time high. AAPL going to 365 in August.
Watching my favorite movie TROY
#yngsquad we get that money!!!!
Great meetings today. A lot of enthusiasm for the film.
It's my boyfriend you should feel sorry for. He's dating a black girl, who sounds white, trying to sound black. :(
#ff thanks, mate!
You're a perv too omg!
morning lad(y)
She straight up got jacked!
"COME HERE TINLEIGH STAR!" tell me that doesn't sound like that child would get made fun of.
Ms. Parker.. when you gon let me fuuucccckk ?????
I aspire to be a Twittergenic don.
RIP Carroll Shelby. We wouldn't have the car culture we do today without you. Light em up in heaven, boys.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
did I see a dancing horse in the video?
I don't know ... listening to "Fruit & Icebergs, Pts. I & II" right now ... pretty sure he's the one.
give me 10 minutes! c:
We are supremely grateful to for being an sponsor of the DIY Trunk Show.
she is so damn sexy!!!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE!!!
Henry Kissinger on the Colbert Report
just grinding bruh. What's good with you you back from school?
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! whatt does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
You'd think Grambling and other black schools would be good at sports.
Plan now to come to Philadelphia in August! It's our biggest show of the year! Classes run 17th-21st. Show floor open 19th-21st.
I Miss Kurt Cobain's Free Spirit
you'd have to pay extra for that
I said hi Chris and he was like hey how are you so I said good you? Omg it's nothing but STILL
it was rough, I believe my #Sixers got this tho ;) happy wed!
will artists from Orlando be an option? <U+263A>
I knew a Ralph Waldorf when I was growing up in the Redding Calf. area as a kid, 1960's.
My Buddy50 could get up to 35mph. Bridges btw Cambridge/Boston and accidentally ending up on highways can be scary, but ok!
S/o 2 all my city tech basketball girls for making last night what it was..... Mad jokes n other thing when every we all hangout ;-) <3 yall
Stop texting me.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive when Nathan licks his lips (;
We agree! RT : good morning Seattlites - hungry? it's a wonderful morning for some great liege waffles - yum :)
If your shift starts at 3:45 and u don't get sat till 7. Do you quit ?
Thank you to all my new followers!
Why do you hate Voyager? In 140 characters or less. ;-)
Why can't you leave my mind!
Never knew anything about the Clay Festival. The one time I went I saw a great band, The Red Stick Ramblers.
“: . Now we agree on something. Those parents should be put to death.” It's unreal.
I was one of the winners of burnhambuyoutLA's last contest
" never ever be apart <3"
So did your son get his car?
Thanks man! RT : congratulations on the film. Well done bro.
Thank you to all the cast and creatives of for an incredible behind the scenes! I will see you guys again on Friday!
you guys are Madrid haters!!
Keep an eye out for my new video for fallen leaves coming soon ;-) thank you for the support.
Anyone using the parent accounts for ? Positive/negative experiences?
im smokin hot
Drew Doughty very 1991 Ice Cube right now
Hope so! She didn't train me, there's things i'm supposed to do that we nevr even went over once. :/ She's a horrible person.
I met on w 6th a couple years ago real cocky didn't even speak, he's a superstar first and basketball player second
I was just in the biggest flash mob! We all wore caps and gowns and acted like we got degrees!
Warning: do not allow young children to attempt to brush you dog or cat's teeth or put their fingers into pet's mouth.
we are at whiskey bent come on out and join us for tonight
OK I am so ready for sleep....in my own bed would be nice.
How do you change your profile image while in iPhone
Yes, they are.
Nothing caps off this terrible game quite like Thom cursing in the background coming back from commercial break.
thank you! Have an AMAZING time in Argentina! Miss you roomie! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Great weekend at and with our pals in Last Joke and Leatherbag. Many faces were melted.
'outrage' from and aside - How is it unreasonable request to ask #mnleg to vote on something? its time to vote
Wish I were working out now! #jealous Enjoy a great day, lovely!
MIA b/c even though my radiation treatment is ova now my skin is painfully peeling (normal after rads) a few weeks I should be healed up =)
your welcome Thank You
Families with no male present are much more likely to be poor, with adverse effects on child development and well-being.
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: Six more to go, so let's go local Indy. Your Favorite #beer?
if you have not gotten a #bitchimfrommilwaukee shirt yet and want one... they will be in a new store in the next few weeks
is gearing up for softball playoffs! :)
Dateline or 60 Minutes? 60 Minutes was awesome.
DON'T FORGET: Opening Friday @ 6pm "String Theory" by Elena T. Smooth white sculptures with added vibrant colors!
Rt ": #WhyDoPeopleDoThis make assumptions instead of asking me" <U+2665>L*A*W
I have to threaten to turn my brothers X-box to get his attention!
finally a david gruber ad. that is definitely my number one.
..how are you? how's your shift change going for you?
LOL RT : i just typed in "friday" to log into my computer. and no. that isn't my password. today should be an interesting one...
She still talking yea I heard and her fat as mama running her mouth too hahaha say no more I got you!!! You gets no respect from #me fuckers
I can no longer upload photos to #WordPress. HTTP error every. Single. Time. Anyone else have this problem? Super frustrating
no Obama comes out (no pun intended) and says something he should have said ages ago news on the Beeb then?
Whenever I get sick, I have an existential crisis. #WhoAmI? #WhyDoesMyHeadHurt?
#10ThingsIHate racism. Sexism. Discrimination in general.
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
Streets Of Gold: I lay down my life for my sheep (John 10:15)
Issac, thank you so much for your kind words! I truly enjoy helping people make the right decision for their present & future!
Anyone have a good spice cake recipe?
Congrats to Coach Fisher and the Aztecs! Great pics of yesterday's big win over BYU from NBCSanDiego.
I love your outfit from yesterday. You always looking cool on the news. :-) Keep up the good work on the news <3
was born to be somebody and now he's proved it to the world!
when do reservations close for your Sunday 10am Inside the Loop tour? parents in town ... sounds like fun!
I GUESS YOU WILL NEVER SEE ANY OF MY TWEETS:( IT WOULD BE COOL IF U JUST RT'D ME OR REPLY:(
Cracked me a Stella Artois for the first time. Dost thou thinks me a swank?
GO OBAMA
Mitt Romney's wife defends being stay at home mom: "You think it's easy being married to rich white weird fake guys? Then you do it!"
950 I believe.
ya it was but with another persons voice
Similar- nerdy, annoying, and talkative. Different in that I have more choice/forethought about how I represent myself
I've been wanting to see those! So, Elmo is NOT "one dimensional with a limited range of emotion?" (ha)
Are you kidding me? U must be a dbacks fan..
Just. Plain. Rude.
let's go watch it later
If anyone out there in LA spots a Crayola Crayon Maker or 3 sets of Socker Boppers, please tweet!! Time is running out...
Just discovered a paper clip in my scarf. Wonder how long that's been there?!
My album "Sentimental Swing" just topped the Roots Music Report's Hawaii Roots Radio Airplay Chart @ #1 ahead of Bruadda "Iz" !!!
I have the most cutest/amazing boyfriend ever, 7 more weeks!
lol white boy said i make it rain like this
I am in such a god mood right now!!!
it better! need to get #wgw like asap
Gave the ok to pass and go and now im super nervous for tomorrow night. ;)
Back at work after a week's vacation! Have a story idea? Send them my way! Thank you!
A numb face, but you can still play #ROSK! : Dentist office. Can't feel my face
I propose a limit on how much food u can order in one sitting. Just like the alcohol cut off.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 8'51"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Digging through my closet and found my brothers old Arkansas t-shirt that says "Got Bobby?"....coincidence?
the point is if they were so far off on something so important, why should we trust anything else they said about it?
I don't think that "interesting thing" was worded correctly. I assume ACC coaches want conference champs ONLY in a playoff
Weep & Groan; Bawl & Moan watching
Where is the present in the way that you present yourself?
Just discovered TVP. This changes everything.
Ben is the expert on a girl's best friend
when i vote, under what category, and how do i put your name
Hahahaha sounds like fun!
: only ten years?
But seriously, need to refocus recruiting efforts onto Pollard and Upshaw. Someone give me twitter handles
i already gave up on that test haha
follow back? :)
Getting ready for Mets v Phils this weekend.
I suck dick what what in the butt
sounds like a fun/heathy night! :)
Two of Ponder's games without AD.
now I have to relearn the whole dating thing.
don't be hating on colbie! Why aren't you working? I know going to the tanning bed is not listed in your job description <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
now if he dresses as Thor we won't be hearing from you for a few days lol
I'm sitting here thinking how thankful I am for the fab five..
I love this thing. BeatMaker2 = fresh
Celtic who lol
Thanks! me too! The cut is actually from the set of #SOA ! Long live
Ah, yes. I love that guy! Well, and Mallrats wasn't as bad as many people said it was.
Thanks for the Follow!
Universal Magic!
just tell me i am
Phew! Love the food carts at 10th & Alder, So delicious!
#ala10 Tweeps have the best bios! Examples: , , and
Peebles Island and the canal trail in Waterford. (I grew up near Troy)
When was the last time you gave someone a compliment?
People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves.
that would be me, yes? lol (i have probably seen that movie 70 times)
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
final exam done, only papers left, (due in 10 days). i turn 24 in 9 hrs. let's rage.
So smart! #Actors should always leave it in the room, when you're done, you're done. Next!
isnt my favorite driver mine is but i am a really huge fan of jimmie
I'm back with Brenna Whitaker and the cats at the W in Hollywood tonight. 10pm, hwood and vine.
The south of the west or east coast?!
remember when hamburgers were only 29¢ on Wednesday's?? The good life.
are you having fun?! <33
Spunky house tonight for "1776." Nice way to start the 5 show marathon, others call "the weekend."
I firmly believe that we woke a lot of people up and we are all better people for having done it. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
At least the Sidekicks are back!!
Hell, I never know if anyone is seeing these tweets but hey!
Officially moving in 2 weeks! :D
can I marry you?
I LOVE everything Justin does : ) Dedicated Belieber !
Review: Absolutely loved this book and can't wait for the next one! Thanks to Gay and Tinker! Keep the Ten books coming!
Is Zenger in Maui?
#Follow basketball camp is coming to Chicago very soon! #Follow for complete details
The music, the feasts, the waffle crisp... :) xoxo
Check this out - either of you want to go?
ayo text me.!
You beat the piss out of Lonely Boy. Can't wait to hear it live. New DVD soon?
RT Q4 DAM provides opportunity to enable contextual relevance in assets served 2 the web-improving the customer experience
Put on a helluva show last night at The Earl, opening for JSBX. Thanks for an awsome set! Please come see us again soon.
cheapy PURE ICE. I hope you know if it were, I wouldn't be tweeting you!
thanks Maud...I have faith things will get better. Thanks!
Thanks for the shout-out, ! and , our launch is next month, haller at us for more info!
ohohoh hey ok. c-:
I hope so.
Water's gone
Today is the day.... Im getn ready to get picked up for surgery... Just ready to get this procedure over with....
GET YOUR FRIENDS TO CHECK OUT THE NEW "WHATHAPPENEDLAST NIGHT" PAGE I DESIGNED ON
uh huh. or the committee realized they were in the MVC ....
it's not made to break your phone - its just added security should it break on accident!
Extremely grateful for the roommate who got me hydrocortisone to tackle Illinois spider bites. WOW. I am a human midnight deli counter. Ick.
I hate liars
leave the past in the past
heads up! wynton & jazz at lincoln ctr orch about to be added to sfjazz spring season. concert in june.
Yet another one of those nights... having to many here lately..
so disappointing on me.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
Listening to this week in marvel podcast. On top of that I'm downloading other geek podcasts from iTunes :-)
only 3 emails this morning at work??? YES!! I am WAY too tired to deal with anything this morning.
I still have in print the Roget's Thesaurus that I used to reference for book title help.
where are people ice fishing?!
Last night , this afternoon , tonight John Luther Adams Now, back to remixing
followed. Follow back?
seriously considering getting Pinkberry delivered right now
for cheer<U+2764>
Cooking up some new stuff for bitesizeidea.com, you're gonna like it! First off I'll expose a personal finance love child--come by soon!
With all LA got from MWP, Blake, Pau & Drew Lakers still *just* got bye.
Can you play "DIME PIECE" by A.LOVE
my weakest point is relationship
I'm sorry I can't afford a Ferrari but that don't mean I can't get you there :)
What the hell do you expect?
is wondering what banks will still be here this time next year...
haha wow I finally found one ;)
With this spring weather #brewers season should be starting tomorrow www.allwidoiswin.com
Brown Bag starting in 20 minutes on Burlesque! Hosted by our very own Chelsea. See you in the conference room shorly!
Promise Charter School-SD Unified wants to revoke their charter.A curious case.Read other media accounts closely, look behind curtain
All I want is to be in good health...
hey your lucky your not already back...
just had a energizing hour long convo with Thanks to and #SoSlam for connecting me w such great people!
Definitely worth a follow ": #FF Follow our newest social media editor "
Just remembered that nick follows me <U+E40D>
hey my sessy lady so & wants us to for a huge project ill have them email u their wrk and call me
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK
but ima be doing things . So no bueno
I live dangerously!? I tweet and drove only in #Memphis HAHA
Where's my invite code? I signed up weeks ago.
Eat that wonton soup
Tonight, Hudson DC.
...taking a break & playing Da Vinci Code..then back to working on a song that was sung to me in a dream 2 nights ago. xo
RT Wooohooo, how about'em #COWBOYS...!! #NFL <that's right buddy, GO Cowboys!>
no maam. My last day is next Tuesday. But I have an exam on Wednesday.
Spending entire day with for Festival! AS YOU LIKE IT & KING LEAR #Shakespeare at his best! AMAZING!
At the smart-grid technology panel at #FTF2011! Very impressive batch of panelists!
Yes, cool - but re-label all our books? Really? Thanks for the link to this!
At hardees they have those oreo ice cream sandwiches and i want one!!!!!
yes, that would be awesome! May I have your email address so we can correspond?
Best Star Spangled Banner ever, Body Guard, I Will Always Love You, Preachers Wife...Some of my fav memories of Whitney Houston!
Blog ideas are everywhere. Write them down in a notebook and refer to it often.
Always learn something new when I meet with I <U+2665> my smart, talented, and fun colleagues!
I'm sorry!!
I am positive - I will make this New Year great! May you do the same!
Game is at 940 pacific RT : Anyone know what time to game is on?
I'll hunt around their sale section!
It takes a lot of guts to say what I want and to get what I need, if only it was as easy as breathing!.
now THAT is funny.
looking for rugby world cup semi finals this weekend. Any idea where I can watch?
yeah! "oi!" is brazilian portuguese! The other part could be considered spanish too! What was that about?
Just listening to speak on tv >>>>
just few minutes until your tickets go on sale for NYC !!!
I wand a big thanks out to all of myh followers. I apreciate you very much!
PSA: Any small key will start an unmanned golf cart. That is all.
yeah they gon slide thru them clippers
Today I will learn Ave Maria.
My issue with people tattooing the Hebrew word for Jesus on themselves is that the Hebrews deny that Jesus was the Messiah
But when I open I'm normally off by 2 and I still can do something after work cause there is still some daylight left. :)
Agreed!:) RT : Remember in 5th grade when you had classes outdoors? Can we reinstate that for offices? At least give us recess!
on the ground... Now to find a real Margarita! :)
Sunshine & good times!
The funny thing is you think I'm kidding.
Time to make roster changes, #Brewers. Seriously, get the fuck on it.
Is there any way you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Pennsylvania- PA Dutch Apple Pie. Philly- Roast Pork
that jumbled text doesnt even make sense in so many ways. If Im so conservative why am I bashing your players' homophobic slurs?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? d:
Jesus, thank You for working IN us and THROUGH us in so many wonderful ways!
"Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life." -Manly P Hall
ooh, excellent! Have studied at CIA-Greystone wine program. Very excited for your opening..PB needs better wine & food options
At School , Hungry Af & I Just Came From Lunch
What God has blessed no man can curse.
Thanks, James!
RT : Thank you & team for visiting the West Senior Wellness Center. Our seniors enjoyed meeting you!
that got a genuine lol
dooood!! I'm free tomorrow and tues I'll be at crib tomorrow whatchu on??
Don't fucking fight, let's party tonight! And if you're straight edge, don't worry, I'll buy you a Sprite! \m/
For the last time, "The people united will never be defeated" does not rhyme.
I got it on me right now I ain't gotta borrow it.
`s reading is about to start, but you`ve got time to get here!
how do you get such a perfect jaw line. fidkhcxksbvfcd.
Get back to the gym work off all the drinks and food from the weekend
First Person: Blogging for Small Business
Travertine Discounts when your install is done by Black Forest Remodel & Tile ORCCB189510 www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com
wow, "the jumpee, "an honor student," allegedly has a habit of jumping off bridges." Wow, what a habit. Ha ha. "jumpee"
well I like 2 go places all around the world :)
View Welcome video at www.downow.info Free GAS and Food,? Referral program nets income enroll at www.dowsite.info I give 125 leads per wk
You're as fake as they get
Omg UNC.. Damn.
Thank u »» ": “: Good Mornin World! U all have a blessed day!” U 2!"
Real friends show me their boobs.
holy crapstick - IOTA club & cafe tonight at 8PM. i'll be there with the band!! come out and sing with us!!!
YEAH WAY PASSED 3,000 LIKES!! thanks errrybody :] Hard At Work in the studio as we speak to bring you guys some sweet stuff for ur ears
Yo I jus read a story bout this chinese lady killin a man by squeezing his balls till he passed out. He died b4 he got to the hospital!!!!!
I can't wait for summer. I already know I'm gonna be hanging out with a loot (;
Bar crawl in WC for sponsored by - Come help fight Childhood Cancer, all benefits the Alex's Lemonade Stand!!
ah, thanks so much. can't wait to try them out. I'll let you know how it goes.
the same way you did mine. It's real easy once,your on it for a while.
its a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet...
follow me (:
Shoutout to ! Check out , CHAT grantees from #NYC!
Happy Birthday to ! Can't wait to catch The Wonder Year...
Oh, how I love my boyfriend :) <3
You can't lose something you never had.
Just got back from a 3 hour drive from new Hampshire, gonna go to sleep pretty early. Cause I'm tired
You seem to have forgotten to write in your snatches, cleans, and front squats ;-)
Follow this nigga!
..But he probably should. Among his bombshells: in fiscal year 2010, "estimated" water billings totaled $55-million -- 23% of total billings
Finally have internet @ home!!! No more #StarBucks lol ;)
haha i've sent so many tweets, but he never notices, but hopefully we will tweet me a happy b-day tomorrow
You guys we are practicing.
I am Geeking out to the first pilot episode of Star Trek the original series.
Seal team 6.
back in the 312!
Thank you :)
I'm a mathematician of sorts but don't know how to gamble. Does under 47 mean <47 or <=47?
GOOD MORNING! Today is a beautiful day: blue skies, green grass, cool breeze... It is a wonderful day to be alive. Make it happen today!!!
There is a big conflict btwn what we crave and how we live. P3's provide an opportunity to discern what's right for a community.
Pretty witty if I do say so myself.
Lovely night with
Listened to Baby It's You by the Shirelles, the original. Very haunting vocal by the lead vocalist. A tone of honest desperation.
I'm talking about Twitter in my computer boot camp class. Say hi to everyone!
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(
Doctor in the morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Breaking News: Endymion krewe members have just been told they WILL roll at 5pm today! All Hail!
Toynbee Tiles film was great. Now someone tell me (?): Does past Council prez Verna have role? Her late husband was a Severino.
I need a new phone..
I think tall girls are beautiful
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! Blue Magic just came available for tonight! Call to schedule OKC favorite Party Bus at a discounted rate! 447-2446
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
you're welcome
The Twisted Chicken is one of the top sellers. That thing is delicious! Glad you enjoyed yourself.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
DM I wish you were here too! What its blt?
Mine was okay ;D Just a little smelly.
a funny little rap song ! lol im kidden i do it for fun boo
But, giving a Purple Heart for PTSD would go a long way toward reducing stigma. If changing the name enables that, it's worth considering.
Heading to Pike Prep and Decatur Central HS next week for yVote! Students register to vote and vote in a mock election to be election ready.
I completed the Dale Carnegie Sales Course. Anyone want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge? No? How about an experience with a bestselling author?
He gave me all 1s am i a stripper?!
Thing I learned about myself when moving today: at some point between the ages of 22-24, I decided owning half of ikea would be a good idea.
k I'm coming
better teachers dont go to schl to teach but to learn and in bcoming the best teacher they figure out how to make their students brighter
Be glad your not on that jury...
yes ma'am sorry messed up the post the first time. see the current one..
my 1111 wish is styles your hair one day ;)
RT: " play hooky today!!"...HA! Someone has 2 put food on our table 4 you & Miley
Wait! Who's going to be mean to me between 9-10a? Looks like I have a harassment opening in my schedule!
If this is my ceiling ....... Its gonna be my floor real soon...
I won't say anything if you don't.
2nite for the Lex. Legends (Astros A-ball), Delino DeShields Jr. was caught stealing, picked off, & thrown out at 2nd on an outfield assist.
If your a true friend, you wouldn't do those things..
I'm looking for excuses to escape the inevitable Using every reason to make myself unreachable
do you by any chance have the "in the Midwest" instrumental on deck?
Huge thank you to everyone that came to last night to check it out. An even bigger thank you to everyone that helped get it open.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream...
Pleasure to serve and team this afternoon, best of luck tonight at 6pm on - We'll be watching!
Please notice me.. #BELIEVE (: love you.
Open Mic tonight!
": If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit "end" on a call, I would have no friends." Haha this makes me feel good!
hey mama! How are you? What are u up to? I finally graduate this semester :)
I cant make $$$ if i'm sleeping
Fan appreciation night best in NBA gets local business/large corp involved great prizes, fun times, for fans wish I could be there
Well, if anything else, maybe you can rule Philly ?
I won't give up on us, even if skies get rough <3
DEAN! playing, no cover at the Laurelthirst Pub Tonight!
&#39;The Avengers&#39;: The Comic Books Behind The Movie
400 Million + Users on facebook....ah, HELLO!
thank you thank you. Looking forward to sharing more music soon
Hey Fellas.. If yo Woman calls you the wrong name during Sex, don't even trip.. Get even and moan her Mama name! :)
#WeWereCoolUntil you started making your own spankx to save money
I saw you guy's last night! I got Lou's signature. All of you, are absolutely inspirational. All your fans love you!
Aww. Is it sad that I secretly (well, not so secretly) wish that the security camera video footage was available?
yes sir u did
Haha i figured it out in like 2 seconds!!
Sittn under the dryer
how funny! jeremy just asked me if i could meet him at the chipotle; but, alas, editing prevails....
. you need to talk to the homie he has the city on lock
Finally Laker Time!
have a few for me. I'm saving up for my trip to vegas next week
lets just worry about our Hawks getting the job done tomorrow and force a Game 7.
is starting to develop a relationship with specific holds on the climbing walls at his gym.
Thanks for your kind words about during this morning's Right Now segment!
Safety first! You can always get back to it tomorrow!
possibly try repair permissions on the drive?
No finishing, no PO or PK. Not a smart team. Stan has lots to do/prove. Hopefully better yrs for both our teams next year.
do it!
I thought the game was over .. That's what I get for missing the first period LOL
I have no where else to go but my room, it's raining
#StreetLife is a dark bay colt whose favorite trick is to stick out his tongue on command...
One great show ends yet another begins, Spartacus ended friday and Game of Thrones starts 2mrw wit a marathon event can't wait !
No, but I would love to hear it in person
MARKETING ASSESSMENT DONE :D CAN'T WAIT TO HAND IT IN :D WHO! Ready for the weekend :D
Love it! RT: : So the emotionless Rose comes in clapping, taunting Evan Turner after the foul on Noah. Pretty surprised by that.
Absolutely! Hope to see you around again soon. Safe travels!
I wish my hair was fabulously bouncy. It's still in a braid since my workout. Wish I could blink & have it done.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED
Headed back to wisco! Go
quote for today- "I'm my own worst enemy so either way I can't lose."
P E A CE! What's good? Hope All is well w/ your Wednesday
dreamtripslife ever heard of it?
I'll be there!
Thank you. You, Jen and Elliott had great insights for the travel marketers there
Re: #Oprah's Lifeclass So glad to see you, hear you, feel you. You are the DYNAMIC Duo!.
Any of my female artist wanna collab for my new tape, shoot me a @
Stomach please don't disagree with my dinner. lol.
It's a bad sign when one of the panelists falls asleep during the panel...
#InMiddleSchool I hated everyone
Oh, you just reminded me that I still have the Bronze Letter Opener of Death! Thanks!
#SEM2011 I present during the sound studies soundwalk tomorrow. #sadness Techno at 4PM.
It's a wonderful day. A shame to waste it indoors!
A DP takes the #Brewers out of the 4th inning. Crew still down 6-2 to the
May 8th: Drove in the desert towards Texas, witnessed a robbery then Danny received the medal of honor for videoing the getaway.
My phone is not working : /
meeting later today!
We have a Dynex...not sure the model number, but I can get it for you when I'm back @ work this coming week.
still work the same schedule?
is the realest
You have probably been hacked. I just got one of those weird DMs from you. Sorry.
My new favorite word is "tweckle" - thanks!
They can because they think they can. Virgil
follow me taeeeee.
we r awesome!
Sup wit ya fam?
hopefully others like will be so gracious about their mistakes in the future. Nice work Andy.
Bizarre and startling theft of copper wiring and fiber optic cable in East County. How easy it was to create a major disruption.. News8
This is a good lesson not just for start-ups, but for everyday life! RT Being broke means being disciplined p.ost.im/p/eLGxH5
En route to Ojai for Peter Sellars and Dawn Upshaw. Early reports say this will blow us away!
I just had a moment with the Sprint Customer Care Lady.. #kanyeshrug don't judge me.. I'm tryna get the Sprint iphone 4S lol
my brother on fatherhood!!!
You're such a follower lonjas de flautas! :P
Who else loved the Dior J'adore commercial with that Gossip song?
Thanks, friends!
I'm going!! You should roll with!
did you send me a message about someone spreading rumors? Or was that a scam? Just checking.
if I get it you better use all 12 of em!
Whatever they taught at girls schools when they thought they might be the last line of defense. (No, really!)
Can't wait to get home and shower.
bird, magic, chamberlain, bill Russell, Lebron, Kareem, Moses Malone,
Spring cleaning came a little early this year
What's wrong Bestfriend???? ": Someone come take care of me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>"
Are you enjoying the #GrammyAwards so far?....who would you call best dressed?
eat some breakfast first!
they aint quitting
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.-Dale Carnegie
Hey,Do you have a contact 4 productions?
And PLEASE, try to hold the shot for 4-5 seconds
Overheard on Planet Texas: "Aw, I want to be a Scandinavian reindeer herder."
Thanks, Jeff!
you have banner designs downtown?
Don't forget about Starlin Castro the alleged rapist. Nothing to be upset about unless he was roid raging at the time, eh?
Studying to new album. Friends, check them out, their sound is amazing.
Sad I had to miss but loved presenting at the
wanting free. something for this community to use for the weekly chat.
Thank Chris! RT nice!
how are things at the Ward 3 forum?
NO YOU HAVE TO SHARE MY TINY PIE. cut it into tiny slices.
I wonder what the weather calls for this #weekend in #seattle ? Super stoked!
i hope you just fell asleep instead of not texting back...
hates that feeling of hearing an awesome project opportunity only to find out there is a requirement to have it built on some goofy platform
should be ejected
Time to grip the grain n let the rubber meet the road.. This van will be a rockin to Myrtle Beach jammin the whole way!!
..planning it out, and I feel terrible that we littered. Will make sure any future campaigns are better planned out, esp. in terms
#SUHSD SAILS teachers: Your students protested to save your jobs - why aren't you protesting for your students? Not truant, NOT GUILTY!
Vabletron sees the FB stock settling in around $60 by the end of the day. Of course it could be $600, but I would be shocked.
won't get critical training unless we #SaveCACs. Tell your US Rep today to support Victims of Child Abuse
We're booked Sat night w/our #UFConFox3 sponsored fighters and Tuxes&Tails event!
Today must be Get A Weird Follower Day.
Off to the future with at
#Southwedge apartments, early bird gets the best digs for springin' in the wedge #ROC 2 bed on Hickory for April 1st, heard it here first!
i fuck good , but i love even better .
nothing , how are you ? o.o
I think and should collaborate. two of my fave artists together would be ah-may-zing!
Just saw casting notice in Santa Monica during carmageddon weekend. Whose brilliant idea was that?
xtina an Josh : lol - who are u with?
I'm a big fan!
what are people thinking. Can you imagine the liability ?
u said it bro....7 years ago
: yes!!!!! I am actually leaving today.
"promise you won't fall in love with me, I didnt want to hurt you like that"...as if it's that easy. This is like a scene from a movie
Hope my Twitter friends join me in becoming a friend of They'll share great stories on the kids at the Boys & Girls Clubs. Thx
A little cuzz you don't got a person showing u right in front of you lol, u gots to follow the avatar on thee tv lol
I'm guessing he's on board with that whole "don't say gay" bullshit. All while saying he doesn't have a prob w gays. Ugh.
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way
the monument stuff is in ms hovanec's office! hahah
Whew back from japanese TV today as a doctor, booked for a corporate commercial tomorrow , things are still rolling :)
At least i have my music
i now have a twitter!
Staff of is discussing summering at family homes in ME. Staggering realization: I am still very much a Texan.
Let me know what questions you may have about your home, or the one you think about.
If you're a #Bulls fan and you don't follow ... You need to check yourself
ok word see u when u get here
Tell Me Whyy iThink you're Falling For Someone?(:
Of course. Hey, did you ask your sister about the Aids Walk yet?
check your local PBS station's website
Never give up the hope, brah... I'm hearing whispers you'll go in the 6th RD to the Raiders
Should admin be subject to performance-based pay? If so, at what level?
Mother Nature`s milfin today.
Naja Talking Just To Be Talking lol
Spending, subsides on US manufacturing will go up..
Nope just can't FREAKING believe he missed that!
DUKE bitches smell like HOMEWOOD bitches
Just be careful when doc prescribes #Ambien. I do all sorts of weird shit in the middle of the night on that stuff.
A quick reminder that it’s not to late to contribute to my campaign! Contribute right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thanks!
I haven't ate all day....
MVP style jumper
Everyone wants SOA, as long as it&#39;s not SOA
Welcome to the twitterverse!
you are one annoying little fuck
blame it on the chihuahua running along side you!
Follow the team
Up at 4, it must be a shoot day.
right same her, back then they didn't know what to expect lol
My day would be so much better if follows me :)
I believe people can change and deserve second chances
- Thanks for the RT on the blog post. And for the info on the Orbitz contest. I'm feeling pretty good about my chances...
Sounds great. We look forward to seeing you in the Fall.
hi my cute tweeter :)
Excited for the football season? We are too! Call 476-GOAT to set up your NFL fan club @ the screaming goat!
REST IN HEAVEN ELIJAH JEROME MATHIS!!
Is Staci coming down???
"i knw its commn bt I ant tke no oath 2b a single bbymomma&evryday igta deal wit da drama as a result of dt I raise my bbygurl w/o a father"
It's wonderful what we can do if we're always doing.
and thats how the J.E.T.S season ends
Oh for crying out loud. Boston is Olympic level at scapegoating and overreaction. I'm not worried. What'll be will be.
“: Well that was a good 4 day summer lol summer class starting tomorrow. : / oh well, gotta get finished!” Right there with u man!
": Stop updating your status updates with how cool your life is and update your face because your skin ain't lookin too good."
haha alright maybe i will. or maybe i'll just come in and visit. either way i'm attaining chicken salad and winning our war.
oh..i wasn't aware gamel stayed in too..i was referring to Yo..you're right..uber eerie
It was laugh out loud funny!
webinar tip: avoid technical/industry jargon unless you know your customers are using the same jargon
There is already so much bullshit in the world, why are you adding to it?
Thanks so very much!! We are working hard to bring meaningful opportunities for families and individuals on spectrum <3
Damn that guy was flipping gorgeous , he was perfect.
CHUCK A FISH!
Watching such an inspirational documentary from
*quietly mourns for lost stylishness*
Who's surprised? RT : US weekly jobless claims fall by 50,000 to 325,000 -
Can't wait to have at the ballpark on May 26th! Got any sweet ideas for the night bro?!
Théâtre Tout à Trac’s Alice in Wonderland tonight at The Hillman at 7:00PM. Tickets still available online or at the door. See you there!
Lucky. All mine are asleep.
I really want to go skydiving but none of my friends want to go with me, they say black folk don't do that shit.. I need some white friends.
Bridesmaid dress is in my Saturn. Woo hoo!
Just realized that the #badgers kick off the college football season tomorrow. I love football, but I'm not ready for summer to be over.
Dylan Shofner with a solo homerun for the Mustangs. 3-0 Memorial as we head to the bottom of the 7th
Ordered flowers for the wife to arrive for her Birthday which they did, however on a UPS truck all day when it's our coldest day of the year
My baby is getting her first official big girl car wash....aw *sniffle*
because clearly they DISLIKE THEIR FANS
I shall teach you!
$10 rush tickets are available before 7pm for the show tommorrow, July 8th.
And this is news?? WTF?! Who cares!! : Did you know Ice Cream is about to get more expensive? "
Mixing drinks from the new menu! My favorite: Silk Knot - Genever, sweet vermouth, Aperol, St Germaine!
I listen to R&B more than anything, i guess thats why i know all of these things haha
His lips are dripping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee.
#iLoveWhenYou eat me out
Who laughs when they get hit by a truck ? O_o
Photo sharing class on Thurs. & marketing w/ technology presentation on Fri.
"I appreciate the steer"
Yeah I know most of my customers/patients so it makes coming to work easy. My boss is a good guy as well
Just found an autoharp for $20. Heck yes!!!!! Lubbock thrifting=epic.
Big week over at The Rub HQ as we launch a new website redesign, a new April Mix, an interview in TONY, and our return party Saturday!
! The number of his years is past finding out
Drive To End Hunger Food Drive At Cottonwood Mall Sept 17th, 9AM to 3PM in the prkg lot near Ulta and help this wonderful cause by donating!
wow new twitter is weird
Too cold in the office , going down to the galleries to admire my favorite from #sweptaway "Art Less Pollution".
Bahhumbug that seems a little steep? Ebenezer Scrooge would be proud.
The LA ZOO just ordered vegan cupcakes for a birthday party they're having on Monday. I wonder what animals like cupcakes?:)
Are you flying your flag today?
unfollowed me:o
FUCK Barbie and Ken.
my fault
First time I listened to the daily radio show, what a day to start!! I loved it! What a great way to begin the day
no I don't :( , , or might though! ~Kristyn
My Husband is an auther and he is doing a giveaway. Go to
I'm not tryna watch porn right now...,'
Welcome, little sister! RT : Fashionably late?
you trying to put all this on us dawg, no we was just telling you how we felt ! i got to much on my mind as it is! #SubTweet Raynett
Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle! I'm sexy & I know it! As the in-n-out semi drives by we plot to high jack-it!!! #FistPump ;)
My stepdaughter is an almost 19 yr old gorgeous Sophie. Torch passed for sure!”thx M. u coming to town next week?
i love u two meggie boo(:
With the bestest, Sunny Strong <U+2665>
I want ice cream but I've eaten 3 Popsicles today. lol when everyone else goes to bed I'm eating 4 more.
you driving drunk. Be safe from them pigs
How long before has an endorsement deal with Wrigley's Hubba Bubba gum?
if you have questions on the PhillyHistory AR app, I'll be at the conf starting tomorrow - I'd be happy to walk you through it
I got an idea. Survivor: Compton..lets see how long he will last!!!!
Ill tell u what is funny then ur face
thanks for the RT!
Lil punk didn't hit me!!!! Throw sand in his eyes for me lol ": victors here lita, wish you were too!"
you could plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
sigh... You beat me to the punch. (Deleted.) Ha.
because it is the best sign ever invented and none before or since has equaled it. I'll appreciate you never denigrating it.
We're about to play Chest Is a Ribcage for the first time in years in rehearsal. Hahaha :)
Hopefully can do something the PAC12 couldn't do.
i thought it was a sure thing :’(
Thanks for the RT!
My shoes came <U+263A>
Merry Christmas from your favorites at Sugar Shack BBQ in ATX!
I STILL LOVE MY STEELERS AND THEY THE #1 TEAM IN THE NFL!!!
You ate grilled cheese for dinner five days this week.
I am so JEALOUS!!
I woke up with 1 sock on and the other is off...
no problem! we have a lot more things coming up in our interview series!
Time does go by slow... Tick, tick, tick For me at lease.
"Nothing can bring you peace but yourself."
Ditto! RT : We're not kind. We're smart. We know quality.
Nine former Pioneers are participating in the American Hockey League's Calder Cup Playoffs. Stay tuned for updates on each player
Which one are you? Lol
Thanks to all who InfoCamped this weekend! Loved the inspiration, connection, and learning everyone cooked up.
RT : My review of Pierre Broué's The German Revolution. Available from &
then warpgate is free too, man i wish zerg had good free things
Hey Nicki!! Just wanna say I love your music, anytime I'm feeling down, I listen to your music and I cheer right up! Thank you
oh and of course also and for other shows :)
For verses , DJ drops & shows hit up my management
Holy sheotzoooo that was scary
Planning a party, girls night in, or...? House of Steep csn help! Chair massages, tea tastings, and fun!
I posted everywhere but finally got some buyers earlier today! Relieved and now I can just be excited!
Watch The Grannies Awards on Friday morning. Hear from moms of Vascellaro & Rosen on nominated songs. Comedy.
I am a new millennium Sinatra coppin marijuana from the neighborhood Rastas
met many amazing and talented students today at SCAD!
Remember to put GOD first in all that you do.
That's hilarious . . . only when it's happening to someone else. Hope you get the Path notification issue resolved soon.
"There are 2 ways to be rich - Make more or desire less." Hawaiian Rule for the day.
#cnndebate Next debate - We hear from their Gods directly - oh wait they are all awol.
either one works, irregardless ;)
Because it will give you the shits or your money back! Yo Quero runs?! - I love Chris so hard right now.
That is without-a-doubt my favorite quote. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Thanks anyway :)
man I am getting excited for the on April 14th. I'm meeting the governor next week and going tell her!
"Hi, Can I help you?" "No, I just waited in line for 15 minutes to say wasup."
thanks for the follow!
for real all d time
I agree & think that it will alter how we interact F2F & perceive each other.This is a great medium to get to know each other
pac man hi score at NY pizza downtown... yup
Thanks for joining us! RT : fashion event was amazing!
I saw you in the cypher - dm me your info for sending beats -
Off to the gym :D
me too, and avoiding people who will remind me of his word.
sounds like the best night ever. # mostfeministshowontv
rangers are going back to Texas:)
Oh, I'd trade my advent calendar for the treats in that link any day!
:P im hiding nuthin, but i could be hidin sumthin but it could be somethin of nuthin!! :P haha
We are certainly dedicated to children! Do you use digital technology in your classrooms?
why am i not supprised..... like i finnally aggree to something and i get FUCKED OVER smh h8you
If anyones gonna hit a walk off against the Phills i cant even hate Chipper Jones
Please :D
Can't sleep
yeah Angels and Dodgers fans hate it.
Aww, thanks! RT : Thanks so much! Excited to a part of your beautifully curated selection!
I'm not in Miami tho lol
The wages of a true 'war' - Philadelphia Inquirer (blog)
Thanks Rafal, I appreciate that!
Yes! RT : Should cities limit fast food joints near schools? Child diabetes on the rise.
I'm looking for something (I think) you shared a while back about the import of K-12 technoliteracy. Any pointers?
“: Ppl say I'm strange does that make me a stranger? My best friend was born in a manger. I gotta go to church.” hah
DID is a splintering of a person (different identities), instead of different "people" or personalities (if that makes sense.
Just smoked some nice purp, always a nice treat.
Have a great day!
#askmike G'Luck! B4 u spend ur money please think through - HOW? Want REAL results? Change the edu process as v know it now.
My nicca gf got to fighting in chatt saturday..it looked like the president was fighting with all them police that came
Come watch some afternoon baseball or a little #USOpen action with us while enjoying some ice cold adult beverages.
That unit test no longer works/compiles! I think I'll just comment it out!
RT : Catholic bishops object to paying for birth control. Now it's free, by government mandate. Please object to cardiac care next.
#thoughtswhilerunning shit when am i gonna be done
I have been speced
Hey guys, haven't tweeted in a hot minute, sorry! writing, got someone guest vocaling on teh track!!
Well, I just conducted a roommate interview with a guy in Israel. At 8:15 in the morning. Amazed I was coherent.
Who speaks spanishh?
Currently obsessed with old cheesy movies. Just spent like 20 minutes looking up Teen Witch.
Disagreeing with someone just to annoy them.
. I was adjuncting and diss-ing while student; never a TA. Always had to think balance, leading/managing a classroom.
But the taste of your sweet kiss tells me I ain't ready to quit.
Actors- what movie role from the past 2 years would you most want to play and why?
Come Over
I need another TV in my office....
Just a reminder, no show show tonight or tomorrow because of the holiday weekend. See you Wednesday!
Going to a party, who the hell throws parties on tuesday nights? xD
I think I'm going to be sick. Just talking to him makes me..just ah!
Although we love our friends in #France, we have to support #USA today in the
Talked up your description work with historical events at #THATCampVA , .
yeah, i was bored
Doesn't that mean there's no room for new sub-par comedies?
19 man u look a little older.
But I guess I can make it thru the day... idk. I'll sure as hell try.
As Stewie would say in Family Guy... "What the duece"
I miss hangout with the love off my life..
Awesome! Bet your beer is nice and cold, eh?
We would like to thank from VMeals for providing the food for our #ThinkBigBmore event! Check out www.vmeals.com
Congrats to the Class of 2011! Special thanks to Ethel, Harrison, Shaniqua & for their time on SAC & service to #Georgetown!
Hey, - my favorite mag is ElleDecor and I like to read it in front of the fireplace.
why can't you come to new york city.
Fun Fact of the Day: The silkworm moth has lost the ability of flight due to domestication!
Wonderful chilly morning in Winter Park. Have you registered for any of our upcoming events?
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives. - William James
thanks Tim and nice Linked in share catch. ^ag
I will next time for sure.
Watching the cats explore the new house. Every corner must be sniffed.
Thanks you all new followers much love to you keep going :)
its the best city to live in to be honest, LA is a poo hole to compare
I'd rather be Thirteen.
Falk, LaFollette and Vinehout have arrived at the debate. Still haven't spotted Barrett
I thought I was gne be the cry bby but hell naw I'm ctfu
People are annoying.
All I got from #Santorum's speech is that I'd rather vote for his mom - she sounds swell.
RT : I'm coming over to get a plate! No need to wrap it up either. LOL..<<<<GURL MEET ME A THE GW BRIDGE!
Thanks for the follow :-)
Do it gurrrrrl ;)
you have act 6th?
Update on Preservation Tax Credits attached...
I'm just sitting down here watching Airplanes
palm springs bound for my brother's wedding. stoked!
Happy #humpday everyone! Are you having a good week?
You think she's a hottie?
MANN YALL COME ROCK WIT TONIGHT AT WIT YA BOI
Starbucks Tuesday! 1st person to upload a classroom, bulletin board, or project photo to www.izzyshare.com gets a $10 e-certificate tonight!
Thank you Steve Blake and Ramon Sessions. Thank you for your clutch 3s. You saved me from shortening my life span. Ahhaha
people who key cars are weak minded little pussies. Too scared to confront someone face to face.
We all need a bishop Gilot in our lives, preferably at the beginning of it.
hydrate, hydrate, hydrate, then some caffeine, before early morning Bikram yoga this morning!!
NeoNatural Glass Exhibit is still going here at the Conservatory, stop in to check out the glassworks in our botanical collection. $3/person
I'm tired of this wind had to cancel the rest of the nights work. Can't powerwash sideways.
I want a chinchilla for a pet :)
I made the highschool cheer team. WHAAT WHAT?(:
RT : As I recall, the US auto industry was rescued as part of a controversial Obama administration political initiative.
if you are in london, go check out our friends' band Black Nazarene at Camden's Purple Turtle tonight!! Give them all a big hug for us :)
Help get us more "likes" on facebook and we'll post remasters :) Facebook.com/pages/The-Endless-Steppe
Also I was on a plane or in an airport for a total of 15 hours today and our longest flight didn't even happen. Damn snow boot.
might be going to the BOTDF concert with tomorrow! :)
Great #dhdebates discussion tonight Many thanks to all who came & special thanks to generous hosts &
Happy BirFday, boo! I'll see you tonight. :D
Funny how girls tend to like/be all over a guy more when hes off the market, smh.... I guess you want what you cant have.
well then happy birthday, Stud. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
red eye on Friday : )
Welcome to Lexy and !
any dubai analysis or is it all Masters study??? love a couple of teasers on both mate. Can Woods give it a nudge?
never made it to Pitt. Bruce is there.
If you want to let a woman know that she's a really, really good friend and nothing more, always call her by her last name only
I'm not greedy. I'll be totally happy with 3 out of 5.
#CommunicatingStylesSurvey is used all over the world and is now available in Spanish and Portuguese
FUCK WAT U KNO FUCK WAT U SEE!! "FOLLOW MY ARTIST" & DOWNLOAD THE NEW CHICAGO MIX TAPE VOL.1
see you then!
Solid, solid performance Adele. Amazing voice.
did you use a tool to back it up?
i can't describe how im excited for
I should be asleep right now but thanks to the 4 hour nap I just took I'm wide awake
Our bills for T1 circuits (220 of them) look like the mailman drug them behind his truck. Musta had too many Xmas cards in there, no room.
I made a stupid decision for a project...what should I do???
Still love that voice, though. He was made for NBA! RT Dick Stockton been doin games since 1893 lol
omg i'm so upset i'm missing the voice. i'm hoping this game ends early so i can catch the end of it!
Billy-Bob Belton
Helping clients fulfill strategic recruitment initiatives…
No problem! We're always happy to hear from people who love our teas :)
If I Could Do It All Again…I’d Take Out The “Being Handcuffed Part.” ...I Hated That.
Thx for the mention. Credit to for great #nonprofit #marketing tips.And thank you for MOL!
bet they are healthier than mine! LOL enjoy!
RT : Win.lose.or draw We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya & where u go we follow we follow we follow
Interested in browsing around for a contractor/painter/builder/designer & so much more, attend www.theHomeandGardenMarket for more info...
Where miss Jackson Erin
The way the Lakers have looked as the series has progressed is eerily like Brown's teams in Cleveland.
Thought I had to moodle tonight, syllabus says 15 pager due tomorrow by midnight- had no clue
Some signs of life at Comcast, they get a 72 hour stay of execution. Hang tight Qwest, I am sure they can mess this up.
"The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well." ~ Henry W. Longfellow
Former Michigan QB Tate Forcier signs with Hamilton of the Canadian Football League.
will get it on the kindle then!!!
This weekend was the best! #FormulaD was absolutely amazing @ Irwindale and must go next year. amazing job and good luck!
I'm bout to get off....I know y'all tired of me tweeting
Why would anyone be sedentary when they could TRAIN
Who do I trust?....ME
Carlos Gomez is like a different person at the plate compared to this time last year. Squaring up a lot of pitches and looking confident.
How on earth did I mode that Joss Whedon did the Avengers movie?!
Happy Happy Birthday to !!!!
just a typical giant's decorating scheme! there's always room for more with the new album and tour, right?
what way would that be ?
what is wrong? just email to manic panic. they will help you.
Yes, actually. Yes, I can.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is obsessed with horses.
A great night with Max behind the bar. Like bourbon and honey? Ask him to make you his 'Sly Fox' Cocktail.
Goodnight baby! :)
I'm at the mall and people are like walking laps..
You're welcome!
Mark your calendar: April 25th is silent happy hour with Trappist Beer
You guys my twitter keeps unfollowing ppl its not me so if it does just follow me back idk whats going on!
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
Thanks evan for putting coco butter on my legs and making them even softer lol...
Sunday's are the best
NICE PLAY ! Happy Birthday!
Hawks fight hard and come back to tie at end of reg. but fall short to Smeltics in OT. Good news is Phili beats Chicago for a 2-1 lead.
I am taking my daughter to the domes. Then I am coming to the bike shop for the Final group ride of the season at 6PM!
get at me sis-star
I wish it was still acceptable to ride a horse everywhere.
You looked strong today...
excuse you? Lol!
Know of any Detroit DJs that can Play African Soca, Makossa & Reggaeton Music at a Party May 19th Saturday??? For $$$ Contact Me ASAP! ThanX
#nohomo but Santana looked hott in that Saturday night fever suit. Lol
ESPN NFL - Bears RB Marion Barber has decided to retire after 7 seasons in NFL (6 with Cowboys, 1 with Bears) --the barbarian retires
I really enjoyed on Idol last year and the novelty of the new judges BUT turned it on just now for a while and bleh!
Super cute. A reminder that looking at things from different angles helps us gain perspective.
Ben Diamond gives me chills. Brrrrrrrrr!!!!
Secretly he is rather fond of you as well
I don't understand #occupywallstreet I need to pay bills so I work 50 hrs a week to get it done
So does any one know anything about the pre-sale yet???
but also, that place looks like a gold mine of fun!
All the tweets about the good food in NOLA are making us jealous
re: snow...uh, yeah, not so much!
looking for a new agent and manager, anyone interested?! www.lacasting.com/amberslaven
"Be careful who you give your heart to. Because when you give your heart to someone, you also give them the power to hurt you"
Last time I ever send someone a goodnight message...
TEBOW THE NEXT VIKING
When you cheat on papers, then on tests you discover you're screwed.
movies like State Property hahaha
Where does she teach? You can DM of course, or tell me to mind my own beeswax.
Are you a fitness instructor not using Pinterest yet?! "Pin" workout tips and fav exercises and see the amazing # of people you can reach!
New hours this week only! We're now open Mon-Fri 10:30am-8pm & Saturday 10am-7pm! Come & get your last minute shopping done for good!
Reading up on the #MacBook Air and it's performance after installing #VMware. Anyone out there have experiences to share on the subject?
Bad Bitch Good Pussy
just watched you on the Larry Sanders show, great episode... That show was gold!!!!
yea so hows life
"Reign and Rebellion" is my new Juggaknots "Jivetalk" we!!!
Nail polish! Haha.
Never understood why. I thought it was great, but I'm not a guy who has to see it every time its on TBS.
Sleepover with :)
Hey there, what's shaking?
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Elizabeth Muse for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
for a dreamer, night's the only time of day.
It's no rush--it's for a still very new project for which I am in the fun hunting and gathering phase. Thx!
fish fil-a
this is going to be a nice few days. i have a gig tonight, and im going to the city with alex tomorrow, and then on monday :)
Q1: resuable learning objects - I haven't ever seen them work or used correctly
That is an adorable tutu, where did you find it?
"The Shining" and "Popeye." Why is this a good double feature?
Twenty seven guys with the last name "Wong' all know Jujitsu and kill you with one judo chop
Wildly throwing around the word "unconstitutional" weakens understanding of this most important document.
I keep myself busy with things to do, but everytime I stop, I think of you
How dare you?!
OMG! I totally miss you!! :) I love you more! xoxo
a gathering storm
Gonna sleep in all my classes
You're welcome.
I haven't seen it. I need to! Xoxo
Follow me I will Follow you
Boring drive. What's everyone doing tonight?
but I feel bad for angle from 8flahavz
"welcome back...you aren't Peyton but who is"..
Coming soon to a Black Box kiosk near u! Lol
Happy New Year Everyone!
People Is Weird .
Finalizing some music business, Sorry for the wait.
waiting inside
wish everyday could be like today at work,,busy from punch in 2 punch out,,never stressed,,no runs, drips, or ERRORS!!
When you lie to your employees, they know it, and they will respond accordingly.
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early Southwest settlers slept in screened in porches, and hung wet sheets to gain relief from the heat. ABQ 719-217-8546
i know man its sucks lol. 99% shm..gotta keep playing lol
Official Announcement: & 's "Night Shades" project will debut Friday, April 13, 2012.
im a nerd lol
Why does spring always have to mean eye wholes swelling shut and my sinus cavities turning into mucus faucets?
our event starts in 30 minutes! start heading over to the now to get a good seat for "Feeding Your Cultural Appetite" with PDPsi !
The Editor is back with a new release bright and early.. keep checking this is definitely one you dont wanna miss....
Thanks for your great coverage. You're a must-read on ICAO wranglings. Would love even more coverage on environmental issues.
Thanks so much for the RT and for sharing our photos of the project day!
The moment I stop hearing "No work Tomorrow!" as an opportunity to get shattered that night, is when i know im an adult.
LOL! I blocked my relatives. Too many rubber-neckers & hose nosers.
Joining your boycott of Anheuser-Busch...though that's not much of a sacrifice for me as I hate
Gotta get into the bonus early #Mavs Let's GO!!
did he win the fight?
wrong Twitter Jeff .
'I can't leave drank alone' (zro's voice)
A hearty welcome 2 our newest followers tourism board of MD; & Baltimore City Fire Lieutenant Glad 2 have U aboard.
I'm gonna keep praying and keep my faith and a job will be calling me In for work in no time
you tell 'em!
I'm "cool" with the draft, but would like to see a couple of CBs with speed.
silent treatment is much worse. I would rather argue and get it over with.
Coming up with our tech predictions for 2012. Fun convo
Bought a bag of banana flavored Tints, it's what #jesus would have wanted for me.
I hate how I think I hear things in my house.
Some #meanttobe conversations are pointless!!!
": 5:30 still 85 degrees. No beach so pool day. where you at??"...Workin hard 4 tha $$ now dinner/drinks w/ u ;)
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
Officially a shitty day.
GO TEAM BLAKE! XO
Happy TGI Friday! Just made more Holiday Stress Relieft Pack: Keef Cola & Sour Diesel Joint for only $10.
The man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right. Which one are you?
Our 2 early morning balloon photogs are back and we'll soon have photos to share.
Brew City Summer Sale! 20% off your website purchase at www.brewcityonline.com with keyword: brewtown.
Want to solve the employment problem? Give every new business that hires and keeps 2 employees a two year Fed tax exemption!
BOYFRIEND ON THE RADIO!!!
nevermind. I just realized this is a rerun I havent seen.
Thug Life <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Call me when you get a chance!
Why people hatin on how sexy is tho? Y'all jealous AF!
It just got all sorts of gangsta' up in this motherfucker. FYI: I've only counted three black peopl in here.
I guess it's "In Holmgren and Heckert we trust". I would have liked an impact WR, but that's why they get paid the big bucks.
In study hall.
I need some entertainment. Work boring, ain't nuthn to do
#FOLLOW the 1st 1000 followers will receive a free pay-per view coupon for DADA 5000 VS KIMBO SLICE IN JAN 2012
Thanks for the RT love & ! We'll be up to 100 donors before you know it!
How likely is it that we get the D dropped? Not very. "Bureaucracy has spoken."
Happy Easter!
Yeah! Perfect.
must be crazy!
Get GREAT HAIRCARE WITH RACHEAL. FOLLOW HER UPDATES @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR. GO TO HER WEBSITE
Lol, screw.YOU
#indieview a1: OBAMA KARMA and OFFICE GIRL and A MOUTHFUL OF DUST
Enjoyed the Monroe Hockey broadcast although our tape only worked for last period. Was it on web? My folks couldnt' get it?
I love cufflinks...Guys need to accessorize too.
I think they may be my favorite right now. So nice and wintery!
"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity."
#IfYoureMindlessYouKnow You Watched "Prodigy Takes A Tumble " @ Lest twice on Youtube.. :DD
I've had no real crochet in 6 weeks at least. Ugh...... But I have a new bathroom floor! Don't mind me, I'm just catching my breath!
There's a movie coming out called "Savages" Lmfao a savage is that rat shit.
home, eating subway :)
About to go to my 10th straight
Haha gotta love English class
Good morning :)
It's okay. :) and goodnight. I shall soon go to bed myself.
That looks like invidious invigorating discipline
Wishing NYS Senator Jim Alesi the best in his retirement. Politics aside, he stepped up when it called for courage. Thank you.
In other words, an early riser!
is having one of those days where she is just sick of...
my life.
r u high o/s its ok we wont judge you
they are using d2l, but piloting a new product.
Sunday Sac Mac and Raid the Cellar! Our Macaroni and cheese and a bottle of wine! Sounds great right?
Happy, Happy Fourth!
demo of how to use Google Refine on cleaning up messy data
Gonna walk my dogs after breakfast
Blastoff Members: Get an extra 25% off the Friends & Family sale at Macy's. Enter promo code: BLASTOFF at checkout. Hurry Sale Ends Today!
Cute Lion Institution of Texas. RT : I am the C.L.I.T. Commander !!!
We can meet downtown then we can go to my house and get out musical spirits on. That and we can drink c;
I'm coming home tomorrow
Blue Jays remove Francisco Cordero from closer role
My neighbors grandson came to out door today (i havent seen him in 2 years FYI) and he was so hot i nearly had a heart attack!!!
Your soul is forgiven.
Finally decided! Giving up cursing for lent... It's not very lady like anyway +:)
I just pissed this girl off on facebook because I said ''I think your boobs are highly interesting'' on her pic ''you cant even see them''
You need education.
It's a swimwear giveaway tonight for #ClosetSundays! See you at 10pm.
"You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
So since your single & I am looking for a Ken Doll on Ice would you like to go with me to the caps game this Sat?? xoxo
Salt n Pepa are playing at the Belmont on May 12? I didn't think they still toured...
will look into that. I kind of want to get the guys to do some check list type things for embarrassing pictures to post
When will buses start returning?
Whatever or whenever I am doing something, keeps popping in my mind, up and down, left and right.
im going to go cry in a corner now..
When you say #Wisconsin ... you've said it all!
Frank Vignola ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Emphasizing a "too much carbon" problem gives people a clear image of what causes climate change.
Dark Chocolate Torte and strawberries for breakfast, cuz that's how I roll
Tonight we're discussing technology and music portability. DM or me to submit a question!
Hey Dude
My flight has gotten delayed 2x already today
OITP preconference #ala11 "Copyright Issues for Librarians: Understanding What’s Legal, What’s Fair and What’s Best Practice" sign up!
it was a lot of fun :)
Devils still don't even know if they'll start next series at home or at MSG. Crazy.
22yr old young man with the mindset of a 32yr old man
Wow. Massive turnout for in BayHo! Amazing all these people fit!
Cool! I'm taking a bunch of festival auditions myself, though not San Antonio. Perhaps see you on the trail!
I have. Pretty fascinating stuff, as is most of the content at the Spatial History Project.
hope u have a great vacation take lots of pics luv ya kendall
Come on #BARCELONA!!!!!!
Finally caved in and joined. What the hell!
Also! The NEA Roadtrip soundtrack TOTALLY happened.
Your better off making all the wrong moves then no one can configure you :) ;) .
who's excited for Austin to move to Miami !?!?
Holy crap you have a fantastic voice!! I bounced from a Gotye song to your cover to some of your orig music. Keep it up!!
I had both. Katie kept the dog (thank god). I don't have time for a dog. Cats take care of themselves!
That's good :)
judging panels up the ante. I think it adds another level of insight into team preparation & thinking on feet
I have DirecTV, but some of my friends don't
Looking to buy/sell in the Wausau/Merrill, WI area? Call me today 715-218-8005.
Anybody else's electricity out in Station North area? Our office building power has been out for close to an hour now.
I have the ablity to hide my feelings and keep them hidden. So hidden that I can't even find them. Untill something triggers them back.
If she can borrow a spoon? Hm I wonder what the spoons for.....
Hey Followers! Everyone send a tweet to asking them to make me one of the Female Musicians Daily! Thanks xoxo
7 to 10 a month isn't too much at all. Good job btw, was this your weight loss goal?
These niggaz get tired quick
your Joy Ride ad campaign is so sexist! Can't you find a better way to promote your gyms than than tired sex sells cliches?
Alright, I choose me!
That's cool! Totally, I'll have to do that! :) When do you get out of school for the summer? :D
of 8 hour or more shift when I have been on feet all day still learning I have to listen to my body's signs 2 slow down
Missed the kids today. Now, I'd just like to get away from them. What's my problem?
when is the new season? I had almost forgot about that show
The expected US poverty rate is expected to be almost 17% by 2050 - Dan Lichter
Gettin dressed to go give Allah the praise he deserves....goodmorning world!
glad to help President keep his promise. glad he could be there too. #SWAG wow tht so fake but jb is still adorable
Goodmorning Tweepers! Make it a good one!
"Talk to the scissor!" - Sassy Edward Scissorhand
oh ok cool that's a bet. Yea I'm in Dallas. Just let me know. I might be able to make it
At school rite now with my buddy Sarah Tracy
How many different planets are seen in the single player?
Had a fun& awesome time at PINK FRIDAY celebrating the LIFE of the Fabulous April Love at Encore in Buckhead #livingloving&enjoyinglife
Tonight 12pm be there with and & in the mix on
TEACH ME HOW TO DANCE. OMG. and thanks for meeting me and earlier. Great jobs. Woot
Shooting Kristin cavallari backstage at diesel Miami beach fashion week. She looks hot in the sky vodka blue bikini!
My school visits have also been a huge source of inspiration this year.
is on fire and on point today... And wait till the sports tweets start happening...
hey do u need some 1 to sub lease your apartment i know u leaving MSU so if need hit me up :)
The #earthquake didn't survive me. Off to class.
I know how much u love hp plus all of the ice cream of your choice for desert. How's that sound? :) lol
Up at 4am this morning to help make apple butter out at the Field School. Good times, good times.
I'm waiting patiently!
congratulations you can pick up your free program voucher at will call, just tell them your name!
I do believe I've missed my bus.
I know you are too cool to answer your phone, but I wanted to talk Catalyst!
> "Space Shuttle Experience" - AWESOME! Always the amazing IMAX film and the Astronauts section; Rocket Garden is cool...
Anyone from JLM familiar with a bus to TLV that leaves from the Tchernokofski area? Looking for alternatives from the central bus station.
ohmygooodness you should call my bff her number is 214-803-7473
I think it definitely proves that I'm a total Philistine that I couldn't blaze through A ROOM WITH A VIEW.
How much does Chris Narveson love this? Already has a 5-run lead before hitting the mound.
I knew I wasn't gonna be able to sleep tonight
no need Hutch. Nothing to do out there but be on Twitter. ;)
#Obama just made glitterbombing (& other protests) a federal offense. I'de tell you to protest, but I wouldn't want you to get arrested.
can't wait to hear what barkley has to say about this half.
#1DUpAllNight Bought mine! Tellin everyone i can to buy the album!!!
We'll call that "Wings When You Want Them"
So glad I paid extra for a 4g phone so can throttle my speed back to GSM.
But in case you were serious (I can't always tell), it's hair relaxer.
Its nature ...
Thank You Joan Lots of love! XO
NFL Lockout over. Fantasy Football players everywhere rejoice!
“I feel sexy when I get out of the tub - your skin is fresh and you've put up your hair without looking” - Shania Twain
Laying in bed remembering a conversation in your head, and thinking about what you should've said instead.
. That ain't a pier. That's a dock!
we can serenade each other with muscle aches and snoring.
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the know-how to properly handicap games
#3WordsForYou I love you.
Truly my pleasure :)
oh wait nvm yes take me home
and i hate all of my classes too..
YES!!! Glad you survived! Let the ice cream fest begin : )
Looking for someone who can help with the marketing of my services to people in Philly. Anyone good and affordable out there?
I don't promise but I can try & fix you <U+E022>
Seriously? Why do humans suck so much!?!
A guy nudges his wife in bed: Hey lets get it on. W: No, I have a gyno appt. *5min pass, he nudges: Hey you don't have a dentist appt...
I would very much like to encourage a student to write a paper that compares The Unidentified (Mariz) to The Cave (Saramago).
& even when your hustlin' days are gone, I'll be by your side when you get home ( ; <3
in my office. Second floor of Craig
Fish naked and show off your rod ;)
Cmon. Couches first.
My goofy ass twitter keeps unfollowing people
featured speaker at a big conference today...you bet I took my #alphabrain today!
The crazy moment when tweets "Goosebumps" and you have goosebumps. Whoaa!
I'll hang up and listen.
HA! Applies to me! lol!
Uhm don't write on ny Facebook wall like you know me.
looking good Alex!
Little boy: "Do you guys have Super Mario?" Me: "Which one?" "..Um. The one where Mario has to save the Princess. That one! Do you have it?"
i only watch for the funny intros,after that its all down hill.
Jason Can You Make My Say ICONic By Following Me Back Please? I Love You <U+E32A><U+E32A><U+E32A><U+E32A>
Sydney is such a rude
Great Teach In Green Space for &
Today's Brain Floss: 100 years ago 50% of adults in North America were toothless. Now you know why we're here :)
friday was the best i went to the mall with 2 buy gifts 4 our moms way better than going somewhere else
Just so happens I've been collecting "stories" for quite some time. Now just put them to a comic ;)
Awesome! RT : Pilates followed by . Good start to day #2 of cleanse.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day............
First in class orphan products often experience lower regulatory hurdles due to critical unmet needs
Haven't killed not one person today..... this positivity thing is trying, but it's saving lives..... at least for one day.
How about Chaptweet, Deanna? I've been trying to come up with teaser hooks without revealing too much. It's a cool challenge.
me too! We should start a Dirty Mistress club.
hahaha selene putting me on the spot talkin bout I'm takin daughters Lmao! But fixed it by the compliment Haha
hi bella
in reference to tomorrow I will get you in the am, what time is your flight again ?
Things are going well, thanks for asking sir! Thought you might have a customer for it, if you already had it.
Thanks for the RT!
#RememberThatKidInSchool who had the same nickname for all of it?
ur tweets are always classic!!
Let's go Sox. Take down them damn Yanks.
oh you little lion man haha
NUMBER GAME
I can't stop listening to Northern Wind.
just don't kill a koala! Kill something ugly like.... A Sloth
|!..~- SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
is #facebook having a server issue this morning?
Bodyguards becoming intellectuals.
yeah lol in this day and age
yes it is.
Star Player at Tampa today should go well... Race
“: The month is almost over - what is one #design project you'd like to complete this month?”move closer to IKEA!
#Happy #Passover ! #Happy #Easter ! #Happy Day!
Thank YOU! Happy Weekend!
I like Phillip but he picked the wrong song to sing this week.
just topped off my 3 day juice fast with a mix of berries, apples, oranges, ginger, cucumber and kale!
Its always good to know that u have to find out from gossip who ur homecoming date is! Ah!
look forward to it!
I usually turned her over & stuck her face in a pillow to warm her up from behind..After that she's too hot to want a blanket! ;D
Great coverage of the Marathon on TV by and Our TV personalities are awesome!
Could potentially put a spinny bar on every floor of this 80-story tower. cc
was amazing. gahhh
A perfect day & 2 Indians wins... Not a bad day to be in
No question! Too many good parts of this movie...
RT: If they don't chase you when you walk away.. keep walking.
I want Cee Lo Green to give me the tiniest high five of all time.
jobs/uncertainty. How much will an employer pay for health care in 2012/13? What will payroll taxes be? Uncertainty rages.Don
Follow that queer He has an awesome voice and stuff.
Anyone want a Visa credit card? I won't be needing it.
Im going back to sleep!
Locked pollard up!!!!! Awesome!
lol were she at
Warning: Cock Box may not (or may) contain cocks.
PoiDog has new stuff?
please follow she's a big fan !!
early to bed, early to rise....
Wow! Some kind of fun at Beaverton Farmers Market yesterday! Met lots of nice people, and we SOLD OUT of scrapple! Thanks!!
SP 800-53 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration. #NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls.
you're a lipid.
blah. looks like my disc drive is bad. computer crashed and wouldn't come back. unplugged dvd drive and now it works
Happy happy birthday Gerry!!!!!
Happy birthday to my main man love u cuzzo!!
I just woke up lol do imma be really tired in school
I forgot how great it felt to read and finish a good book, life isnt all about goin hard!
looking for a rough ride. I've seen so many negative comments already. It's ridiculous when they haven't even seen it yet :(
its ok I understand if u are tired
Follow the next generation of student leaders: UT student president and
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis believe strongly in performing selfless acts of charity that improve the lives of others"
Yes he is and with any luck he got you Twilight Breaking Dawn?
sweet thanks J! That's sooner than I hoped, I probably wouldn't be ready in time. :(
still in PHL? and I want to be your tour guides - indeed.
THANKS! Let me know how yours turn out. :)
Wasn't there in body, but damn I could feel the energy all the way in TX! Spirit of NKOTB luv runs deep.
Hi my new friends! :)
I want a remake of "New Years Day" called "St. Patricks Day" In fact, I think a series of holiday themed #U2 songs is overdue.
true, but you can't recant your rant, grant
thank u u do too :))
do u wanna *die*
I am so excited!
at #4 the dog pound in cleveland will rejoice 4 trent richardson.
NEW SUMMERTIME 2010 ((HIP-HOP VERSION)) AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD 2DAY!!
Omg Ty Lawson
you're amazing. nuff said.
Finger tips numb. Yay learning to play #guitar!
are you at work?
you be quiet
come over and do insanity with me
Taylor Gang or play poker with Gambit.
Someone is smoking some real cheap pot in the garage. Probably some "cool" 16 year olds -___-
It's not even funny,it's like I can hear 'The World Famous' sundae calling as soon as I get out of my car in the parking lot!!!
So sentencing of #dougbruce comes down to 1.) Prison, 2.) Jail or 3.) Probation...
Still in some pain from todays visit, hopefully tomorrow it'll suside :)
Looks like you pulled the short straw Jess :)
Osama bin Laden dead?
And I guess that's life. From perfect to shit in 3.5!!!
latte acquired. nametag on. IM queue blowing up with questions.
Why did Galifianakis win a Grammy?
“: We hit 200k on twitter! Thanks for the love!”> help from and is always great!!! Keep rocking it!
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.”
any time, buddy.
I feel so alive in this very moment, it's amazing what music can do to you..
That moment when a basic bitch is talking. And you're like "STFU BITCH"
So much for going to bed early...
Austin always gets a haircut. Boys here barely get a haircut.
I still can lol
you guys wanna step it up and play w the big boys you let me know
Knock-knock jokes for the clinically depressed: "Knock knock." "Who's there?" "It doesn't matter." "What doesn't matter?" "Anything..."
°o° At the very recently refurbished "Many Adventures of Tigger and Pooh". Very nice - hopeful this is a sign of good things to come!
That was an incredibly long day.
One HOT Paso Doble from and on Rock week at #DWTS !!! Yikes! Damn. VOTE 4 them!
I figured out 27, all you have to do is come up with numbers that are misleading and explain why
yes, It is a hard feat to accomplish good depressing playlist, only when the suns out though. when the moons up party music.
are u made at me or something
St. Louis all day<3
Thanks for another incredible show Portlandia! We love you!!!
#CincoDeMayo The only day u can ask a woman 2 shake her maracas w/out fear of a lawsuit. Unless she doesnt have any. Note2self, buy maracas.
- Ok your right then. Time to move forward than stand still "Measuring Dragons". Tuesday 11.11am
its just boiling and uncomfortable. WHERE IS AUTUM?
John -Father of Marge Fitzsimmons -who has been diagnosed with conversion disorder join us to speak out about her conversion disorder
Next up - a very timely pitch - the bullying project. #outrageous biz
- two check-ins down today at
That's what I've been going with this morning (Argot). So far I'm reasonably satisfied.
I'm trazy by the way.
I live in greenfield and u didn't interview me;(
I love how I walk into the apartment to find Trevor, Kelsey, Valerie, and Travis all watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.... They are all 23...
the calm before the storm
While #Zipcars love to go places, they have to be returned to their home when the trip is over. Any spot in that home location will do.
One survey in Pennsylvania showed that 81 percent of residential intrusions occur through the first floor.
thanks, Phil my eyewear fashion buddy!
so tired :/
My big problem right now is that this gluten-free snickerdoodle is too big to dip in my coffee.
Just saw this beautiful Juicy Couture purse, just fabulous at the Designer Store in Tanforan. Somebody go get it for me!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
whoa! Cool!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
so excited for the concert i'm working on at the PAC
The Redline btwn Chicago & Clark/Div = The Bermuda Triangle for phone signals.
Hope smiles on the threshold of the year to come, whispering that it will be happier.
Yeah lol I guess they figure with the lack of divas, they had to get Kelly Kelly in on the fun. Yup, all got some exposure.
"A tax loophole is something that benefits the other guy. If it benefits you, it is tax reform." Russell B. Long, U.S. senator
I'll stop by the #Lectora pre conference meetup. My office is only a few blocks away. Would be a good to pop in!
. Thanks so much 4 your support!
Now , I Don't Know . But It Started Cause His Ex Tia Commented On The Picture Of Us & We Were Both Being Immature , But I
Last Time Around and Vespers Goodbye <3
Thanks for the follow! Nice seein you on twitter!
No work tomorrow.... fuck sleep (20 year old me) now its "no work tomorrow"? ...... Thank fucking God, I'm sleepy @ 10pm( 27 year old me)
: Sometimes the start to the way up is much closer than you realize. Ahh yes
My picture from the diamond club just got retweeted from the Phillies.
#Its2012 and some ppl still rocking U.S.P.A Saying its Real Polo ! HA BYE MANN
I just wanna love again that all !!
Champagne & Chickenheadz go!!
Drink more water
get it!
Textmap exhibit linker - sync exhibits with transcript - deliver to clients with free viewer. By LexisNexis.
RT Oral History Follow Friday!
Lmao Yes I am Excited! He is just so amazing!
hey RT this post for me PLEASE and thank you i love you ur the best
#0DAYS You get your braces off....:D Ready to see them pearly whites :)
Just got to my job an hour and a half early by accident. I'd be livid if I wasn't so tired.
Dog park Sunday is going on
Ferris Bueller's in Sixth Period Algebra
On the ground in rainy D.C. Waiting for a gate. Didn't they know we were coming? Waiting...waiting...
Forgot my power cord today. Slogging through slides on my phone.
hey does he know Eddie matttta
oh ok cool. Let me check those joints out when you're finished. Send to
crush those apples :)
Woj on WEEI: "My gut is that Boston will try to bring everyone back on a one year deal (KG/Ray)... I think Ray is gonna go, but KG stays"
A buddy is having a tattoo party tomorrow afternoon. Anybody want to get inked?
Oh, awesome! I only started working here in October, but I love it.
Deadline is a long way away. Likely the last week in January. We'll have a formal call for entries a month or so before.
yes plus many other options
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world! *412-973-8262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock1
mmmhmm -- and after that, should i just call you "slingblade?"
My eyeliner runs in constellations... for you dear. If only I could reboot my... mechanical heart, I'd think clear. <3
is 72% of the way through his writing quota for the day.
I need help fixing my car after getting scammed by a collision company.
Dang im tires....Crossfit has me taking naps..... I hate naps!
I secretly love that regimen. Spicy soup FTW. Also good for avoiding sickness: whiskey.
it really isn't that exciting, I swear! //cc: !
Lucky you. The car across the street got hit by lightening. Was loud as hell!
I guess my weekend starts now
One option that you can use is to hire a professional tile cleaner.
Horrible week!!
I bet MJ did win 3 MVP before he won a championship either
Off to work on this lovely Saturday morning! Why is it always so nice out whenever I'm going to be stuck in the library all day?
Sometimes I wish I could shoot my cell phone.
“: Happy Birthday Hoe”Thanks Bitch!!!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
The first time I gave money at church I thought we were all pitching in for a pizza.
Here's a tip: when you have employees working don't yell at them if they're doing their job. It just makes them want to quit.
Just kicked ath at playing just dance aka my specialty while babysitting. Shall we drop it like its hot?
One more half boys! #BBN # goCATS
is going to be a person I try to meet at this conference. Great speaker, great ideas!
Just had 1 of my favorite breakfasts: donuts & coffee. I should probably hit the gym next.
Just found out both Blockbuster Videos I use to manage have officially closed. A moment of silence .....
...and suddenly I'm in Texas for an hour.
Today's fun fact: "A portion of the water you drink has already been drunk by someone else, maybe several times over."
was not! U just look like u could kill somebody lol
Lmao I love u Ashley
is preparing for a workshop on how to prepare a business for sale
thinks my hair joined Fight Club. It is certainly giving me battle today
Stupid whores need to get off my dick.
We might be laughing a bit too loud, but that never hurt no one.
I can't believe I just used the word "tweeps."
No, I think they'll just be going after individual bad actors, instead of the institutions themselves.
Germany v Italy.. Germany takes it easy!
I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get $20 for it
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels good.
while in LA I use to attend events ALL the time, since moving to Vegas it's slowed down & I've enjoyed the "working it" part!
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. #art #quotes #artist #fine art
haha. No way babe :-). Can you make some coffee when you get to the flat?
Retweeeet. ": #alphamale has a twin brother named Josh."
Thanks dumb fucking asshole that side swiped my car.
#ThinkLikeAMan shows tonight will SELL OUT! Please go get your tix online and don't say I didn't warn you!!
You first want to create each of your courses, then depending on the #teacher you can upload as much content as needed
#HardestThingToDO Not believe that humans are the only intelligent life. Someone's gotta be smarter than Stephen Hawking!
I'm going to the show at the St. Augustine Amphitheater on the 27th. I cant wait to see you guys perform! <3 c:
valid point. I will bring it up and see if there's a way to change the date.
I like "assbag"
The first 3 teams have finished! Great job everyone!
I jump too fast and fall too hard..
coach was mad cuz I was messing up it was just a bad day and I'm still going to state
My two female role models: and they rule :)
Hitchhikers guide
Find Cyber Monday bargains? Now plan to attend a bargain in meetings, Single Stop's 5th annual conference, Wed Dec. 14. at Boro Manh CC.
Done with our IST 663 team teaching! Ashley Sperber & I rocked the house!
that gets me n trouble at times lol ;p lmffao
I've never seen an espresso machine explode coffee... until now. Thanks
Yup. That's why he's the MVP.
our event is on his website calendar already...these tickets are gonna go quickly! :-)
If they want to leave, let them go! But let them know that your life isn't a drive-thru!
Well put RT : RT : "Never mistake motion for action." - Hemingway
Over the century mark! Appreciate all the Twitter love, great to be a part of the #webseries community.
Does #clutch jason terry show up tonight? any thoughts?
r u for real
I'll be at all day for the American Indian Celebration. Dancing, drumming, crafts, food & exhibits. Free! 10:30-4:30
goodie mob on pandora right now
#saltlick has fantastic bbq! try it out while you're there. Livin in nyc and missin my
The Four Years of Our Discontent
Hope you get well soon! “: Been up since 4am. Stirring up my 3rd cup of Tea now...still sick, but not coughing nearly as much as ye
lol yeh. Thanks!<3 And omfg guess who i saw today like twice?!?
It's building up a neat little mythology, and yes, it can be creepy.
Surround yourself with positive energy (people, music, whatever!) to help boost your mood.
According to the band's website Band of Horses is playing new BMO Pavilion on Aug. 11!
unreal shot today
Listening to a live Cubs game!
#dhtrial judge now discussing big papers in her arm with nic and atty one must presume. Document seemd 1 inch thick.
courtney smoked the swim!
Thanks man, we're working hard on it. Now I just have to get you to start pumping out some opinionated editorials lol.
you are really good! :3 You're so good at it! Especially the shading :)
Weather sponsored by: - Brainerd Daily Dispatch
You know it!
Reading my Bible before bed is always soothing for me. :)
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...do that little thing they like... little things will go far in the long run when it comes to relationships
I Hope Im Not Being Lead On.
Are any museums out there using Pinterest?
lol i respect that you know my drink and yes those teeth are al mine lol
Maconlysource » Blog Archive » Chat directly with Kwalee game ...
#cubs have DeJesus on their side!!! Happy Easter!!!
Today is the 18th anniversary of Kurt Cobian's suicide. RIP Kurt
Hello to my new likeys!
Keyson, come on don't be like that...lol
RT if you think it's sick that City Atty Goldsmith wants to publicly name victim of cop sexual assault instead of letting her be anonymous.
Handsdown -> Sex and the City!
Happy easter! Love u<3!
Thanks Chris! It is always wonderful working with you. You are a class act. Please let me know when our promo goes live.
I miss you too love!! I want to come son!!
The initiative begins with you.
Life is wonderful even when it's not..
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
I like you more than dinosaurs. And i really like dinosaurs.
I just read that "there's almost no limit to what the iPhone 4 can do." Will it weed my garden and cook for me?
just bought it - it looks like fun!
RT : Still time to register for 's Spruce Up Your Social series! Join me & tomorrow...
Earlier this evening I did the #P90X #CoreSynergistics workout. #Week4 started today.
Considering the lack of pass protection, Brees not getting injured today is a victory.
shit that's wassup?? I'm down but yea just let me know more
Inside the Recruiter ’s Head: What He ’s Really Asking You During the Interview
oh yeah, its sometimes really hard to stay positive, but I just always remind myself that I am going to make it, no matter what.
Just launched on Youtube! Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1 - 3 starring Eric Roberts! youtube.com/joannemrose1
#3WordsForYou lick my butt
no offense and good for them, but I just don't see the appeal towards kids who lip sync. Maybe cause I'm a 20-something guy lol
They enjoy thinking. They enjoy being creative. They enjoy having ideas. Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Come down to Ashley's @ 1501 W. Center Street, or call us at 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in Milwaukee Co.
Hell yea man.
Just cashed in half of my piggy bank and snagged $156! St Pat's is covered...well it should be... I hope
Rockin' the #Chiropractic care on the weekends here at Center Circle Chiropractic. #Portland, we've got you covered. #RCTID!
Thanks for the mention, have a Great Week!!
This photographer is looking at these model pillowcases like he's hungry!! o_O
Freeland in particular has had a breakout season and is considered one of the best big men in europe.
Better late than never, Ash
MT : Congrats to all the future family docs who found out they matched! Can't wait for Friday! Viva la #FMRevolution!!!
Editor Bennett Cerf challenged Dr. Seuss to write a book containing exactly 50 words. The result? Green Eggs & Ham
just followed =) <3
Wow My sims girl is being stupid and keeps on trying to "play computer games" instead of doing her homework, Weird Its just like real life.
subtitles or horrible dubbed English?
Excellent question! How much is a young African American male's life worth these days?Something tells me I don't want to know
yeah I've been skating since I was 9 years old.(: I have sponsors too. That's sucks! It's really fun you should keep trying(:
I currently have an iBrick. Thanks Apple.
I really wanna go see on Thursday!... Anybody else going?
Ridiculously blessed. Not even fair.
I didnt have signal in IKEA :( so it was a long and trying adventure
To add to that last tweet "It's a sloppy, messy idea" but that's the way it has to be. Via
wanna show some lawlorff love?
RT TGIFood! What are you grilling this weekend?
I've been using these 8oz gloves in the gym damn it feels good.
thats a sexy name well im tony
We're back at today with Columbus newest dining adventure. Korean BBQ can be a unique, light & tasty feast. Stop by & see us on Bethel Road
My hair is red...
Fowllow me and will follow you same time Try once
FRSH SOUPS FOR YOU! Ham & Potato, Roasted Veggie Lentil, Tomato Bisque, Chicken Veggie, Italian Meatball, Clam Chowder and Turkey Wild Rice!
I don't know what it was but I am just mad at everyone today.
The best thief in the , Pavel Datsyuk, takes care of business and gets the #RedWings a goal.
RT : While waiting to audition yesterday at , discovered a Twitter friend teaches there! #6degrees /Hope ya nailed it
that's hard dude it's about time I got to hear some real good shit comin out around here
me too lol I hope is there haha
i love you too
just ran 20 miles-- wish I was training for Grand Kids foundation. Good luck tonight. Will see you at the stadium (pray no rain)
Holy Joe Johnson. Somebody musta pissed him off. Dude is MAD
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game-unknown well a movie lol
for some people...
i follow you by Nicole Leska
Signing up for Breath of Life walk in support of Jack's wonderful mother! So excited to do it this weekend!!
RT Coach K: "if players don't trust you, they don't let you in, and if they dont let you in, you can't teach."
Going to go get my nails done later with my cuzin anf mom for hef quince=D
Wooster Ohio for my brothers graduation! Yahoo! I'm scared tho 4 real so TV will keep me safe
I really think the town of Quincy will burn down this weekend!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
We've noticed a slow but steady upturn in the job market here in the last year or so. How about you?
at Sherlocks get shawasted withthe boys watching The Crisis tear it up!!
Lived in Bay Area during glory years for 9ers and A's (80s, early 90s), -- that was sweet! Plus tickets were cheap!
I wish I did!! it'd make life so much easier!
Thanks for calling me sexy your sexy too sister
Niggas want to fight for the TEAM but don't want to put out for the TEAM !!!!!
Who is #kayne?
Hate fake ass people
Here are a few other #Schoology users that are great references:
Congrats! The WDW half is a blast! What's your training program?
": #BoyzCallMeMaybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle"yeah call me maybe (;
Gotta go work tomorrow. WHERE DO I WORK? ANYONE KNOW? Caz Julian in town to c how I'm doing in my election. I need 2 pretend!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own. (Benjamin Disraeli)
Headed home :(
omg can we flee the country and not take it?
Gratitude and Appreciation >>> #NewFollowers ROCK!!
yes! And a very cool one at that! Email me Paolo at Nodejitsu
A physiological Fact: when 2 couples meet face to face, wives look at each other's dresses, Husbands look at each other's wives.^^
Omg blair wants to be with chuck my life is complete
don't you think she needs to represent at next year? I'm not against putting her on skis and sending her down the mtn
I'll Have Another. Why yes, I do believe I will.
thank you. You are so right. Love darling
Thanks. Thankfully, she lived a very full life, and died quietly, just draining away the last couple weeks.
Ketchup + vodka? Odd: Just read in LRB that "only Seidel could make a word like 'ketchup' offensive" and now you've done it too.
I don't know who I want to win this series, LA would be easier to beat, but I hate them. :/
I just met the gentleman who created the Wild, Wonderful campaign for WVa. He said he really liked my use in Wild Wonderful Webs.
Nothing airing in Florida? :(
TY for follows!
": Only the moment you reject all help are you freed. #Buddha"
pharm final tomorrow..
I wasnt referring to u. Ppl in general look for perfection and have more fun discovering flaws. Not u!!!! And ####### lol
Pizza Fun Fact: Anchovies are Americans' least favorite topping. -- have you ever tried it?
Looking good so far.
love it!
SPH alum Jill Deboer of is Macebearer tonight. The #UMN mace is a commencement tradition.
I agree. Wait. What? RT“: you're the best!!”
Basketball 101: Keeping sets simple with good spacing allows for your players to make reads and make plays.
This guy just killed all the air around me.
Central CA Auto Show Nov 19-21.Each attendee will receive 1 FREE entry to win a 1967 Corvette Stingray & special edition '10 Corvette ZR1!
shit! i was going thru my past tweets, nd i saw a bunch of tweets that were NOT mine! AND THEY WERE ADVERTISEMENTS! fuck you, hackers!
I'm really falling for you :]]]
Someone get Antoine Dodson on the horn.
when your tights are on the correct way...god it feels so much better.
Speakin of the absence of color (white) wearin Bold colors this season is the thing to do. No more dark colors 2 remind ppl it's winter!
rolling up some #Fire right now...
I am excited for every song when I'm at a show. Indiscriminately.
#NewtGingrich leading SC..not a surprise to me after #Romney squirming every time tax returns are mentioned
No matter how many times we talk, no matter if we don't know each other, even of we've never met, you are a beautiful person<3
It is fucking hot out here....
I'm at a payphone trying to call home.
will vote for because she seems to have the most honest fanbase in this z100 contest.
When is my all time fav gonna fight again?
gurl. I'm almost positive its not. Jus tryin to kill time n have fun. I know he aint gon act rite. Lol. They never do...
We buy nationally. We like to pick up 100+ properties at a time but will look at smaller deals if the situation is right.
What do you think of Sabres prospect Pysyk?
Did it pick up the Chinese?
Cool deal glad you git going again.
Watched "Drive" last night, not a whole lotta driving. Movie shoulda been called "We're Gonna Need More Bleach"
I feel for theses refs because Dwight and LBJ are prob the 2 toughest players to call but, damn, they have been atrocious.
: It's time for Congress to act on online #poker licensing. States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon.
oh my gosh I hate you. I was so awkward and ugly
I can tweet while I eat!
You guys look so cute together!! Follow? :)
Actors spoke out when 82% #SAG members & 86% #AFTRA members supported union merge. Now I'm hearing friends complain about dues increasing.
The Cubs signed Mike MacDougal, who might be the only pitcher at any level of pro ball worse than Carlos Marmol with one hamstring.
Thanks for the follow - how are things?
Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming swimming swimming what do we do ? W E S W I M (x lol
Today in FS Cmte, I questioned Dir. Cordray about its "ask us anything” website feature helping #consumers answer financial questions.
way to think ahead. See you on the mountain(s)!
Catching people starring at you, has to be the funniest thing ever.
You get more gorgeous inside and out everyday !!!
Having a meeting for our BIG contest right now! Get pumped!! -Vince
What the hell was that Damon?
look Near/at a popular Thursday hangout/bar spot in Boston. Hm
I like Matt, but I'm not heartbroken he's leaving. Hope Jason Cook goes back to his #DAYS role.
why wait for that day?They have kits to make your hair that perfect touch of gray! It'll be so hot ;)
Oh your happy for us seniors to leave? Good, because we can't wait to get away from your immature ass.
youre still stuck on something that never happened.
what an honor...well deserved! congrats!
looking for a new bass player! If you are interested in auditioning, shoot them an email
Good decision, now you'll never misplace your phone while looking stylish
Page 78 English Home Mag see featured our new Manoir Bed!
"I desire no greater happiness than some one to love me just what I am." 10/04/1870
Xavier hits a 3 to keep the #Aztecs within one, 11-12.
happy to meet you, too amanda!
I 2nd that notion!! Happy Sunday
Have fun at your Valentines concert today :D
hey lady call tomorrow...
your welcome! :)
But can it be 5:30 already!?
In acting class taking notes on inprov who hooooo
It's never too late to have a happy childhood
WSU research summit: Glynda Becker is doing fine with her DC report, but it's still a report describing dysfunction.
Hello guys! I'm bored of these phiilosophic things Mr. Mature is sharing all the time. -Childish
#WhenIWasIittle I wasn't taught how to ride a bike and I still don't know how to -__-
aw! Poor joy!
looking forward to listing to the mew music.
MUCH LOVE !!! Thank you!!
why this bitch call my restaurant and try to tell me how i should do my business and how that's why she walks by and go to the chinese
Thanks for the RT!
These nxggaz make it so hard to be friendly, when I know part of us envy.
I think the time I'll be wasting at baggage claim counts as a late arrival. Do what you say you will. It's not hard.
Ass like that, girl you gotta be a dancer.
I want to go in the house but glued to car radio listening to Sendak memorial on NPR.
yea man a Lil bit, shit ill burn one with ya some time
Chillen with my cousins and
hey man hope Ur well. Let's grab coffee sometime soon
RT : "Oh my goodness, so much sausage" - Chef Nick Musser at
Haha u welcome & thanks :))
Monday's are happy days here! Weird, huh?
They're kind of hot...like fire.
It's always funny when someone falls on the campus shuttle
hear about the significance of #DalaiLama in #sandiego, next on
TYSM, Leslie! You are so kind!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
My 11 month old baby just stood up on her own & danced to Snoop's "Drop it Like its Hot". Awesome!
Some days feel like razor blades
omg i hate being the class clown because i get t much introuble but it's funny getting a teacher mad though hahaha i'm just so evil
Amazing!!! Show and followers
Polishing #NaPoWriMo--got pleasantly surprised today.
I know I'm late on this, but that shit was funny!! Just got out, still smiling
needing to find a cure for our : children brain cancers!!!!!!!!!! ANTHONY WAS 4yrs old 12/4/93 to 8/27/98
Pretty much done with all my Xmas shopping...all from my couch in my jammies and lap top :)
Breaking News: Brian Williams is trying to overtake John King as the worst moderator in debate history. He just might do it.
Hugo was Constance's husband whom she shot.
Now I know what a Nittany Lion is.
To all the women. Happy International Women's Day!
Where was this taken?
It will come, promise. This is just our first round, we are splitting between the networks! :)
Smoke. Smoking is the leading cause of gum disease. If you are a smoker, try to cut down, or better yet, quit.
I'm also thankful for and taking on the middle school like they have. I pray blessings flow their way!
oh these racist ass comments<<<
Good morning friends. Pay it forward today. Think about who helped you get to where you are today. Thank them. Smile at a stranger.
I mean, mosquitoville.
Sorry I've been so MIA! New post tonight, promise! :)
Time to get sober enough for work! I go in at 3.. blah.
Congratulations to UConn basketball and their fans on another NCAA title! Any thoughts on the game?
Tiger's swing has new major faults. I hate to say it, but the truth: take a healthy body back to his old swing.
Jewel on the radio...haahahaha
lol so us just make em smile I see how u play playa lol
Why? O.o
Discovered my new favorite show... Fashion Police! I feel like I should be on this show!! Lol
Need an oil change this week? Need vehicle repairs? Call me at 405-641-1581 and your problems are solved. We come to you for a change.
happy birthday mac miller (:
not watching right now, but I think you have it right. Lol
Another Beautiful day in Paradise!
LOL i remember when Take Care first came out i would blast the album over & over in my car
I only like One Direction & Cody Simpson. I don't care for BTR.
"Perfect is never doing anything wrong, which means never doing anything at all. Perfect is boring!"
I won't be there till mid June, so I will ghave to et the next one. Thanks for reply.
didn't on the way down, but will on the way back. Thanks for the info. Love boiled peanuts!
There is a person walking their cat on the bike path. You read that correctly
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you to all of the wonderful teachers that spend their time educating future generations.
and made a mess in my kitchen
what I believe usually comes true...given time
the only way u can sell shots of caffeine for $3 is 2 wrap some well-known vitamins around it and run repeated TV commercials
Sven Giegold, Member of the European Parliament, founding member of Attac Germany.
I sorry
I leave on the 27th
someone rescue me please ?
Come to the Kennedy's All-American Barber Club for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 for more info and great deals!
But when it comes to writing it's a whole new critter. I've had to fix every ezine article I've ever ordered anywhere...
So excited for boom boom satellites releasing their single on June 6th :-)
ha yeah
That sounds like a great model. What would some retention funnel stages look like? Ee11sf
Charlie Sheen
It's raining cats and dogs in Portland. It's definitely NOT summer here.
Stay with me i will make you glad you came.
Just got an email from Erie Insurance with a list of six flammable foods...used the phrase 'bottle bomb'...umm?
yeah, that was some crazy stuff #eminem &
Ah, in the midst of a long, bright day of #mkesnow weather to enjoy!
Hopefully Dad was laughing his ass off.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?19
Not that any of you care but I have no doubt in my mind that Mayweather will win tonight's fight. Somewhere, Pacquiao will be watching.
Looking forward to keynoting this morning at 's #DigitalCream NYC! See u there
did that scrapple make it into your skillet yet? if so, what did you think?
Tweeting on the plane. Like a boss!
it'll be okay..
We can always make a quick edit, you know...
Sorry to hear that :( Glad they took good care of you, though.
Kissed by a Rose. Seal. Batman. Yes.
And this time it isn't even about the fact I like them, cause that affection I had for them is moving away.
Thanks Lindsey! Wish I could give one away to everyone! Good luck!
all i want for my birthday is for you too tweet me or follow mee!!
21st and lincoln sighting: guy trying to fix his car with a nail gun... just let the bumper drag dood
#TOURS 2:54 Announce Tour Dates
What?! people already made the Danzig joke? Sigh..oh well happy mother's day.
Mostly go follow my white Girl Sarah she will follow back
#gopackgo Field Goal
Text TAS to 68398 for live updates from THE Aesthetic Show! Dont miss out on insider info!
@ Rudy's BBQ to pick up smoked Thanksgiving turkey. Car smells good.
Congratulations....Your multi-talentedness inspires me to keep persuing the dreams I have
Me and just snuck onto the stage and now we're watching The Princess Bride in AP Lang. Best day ever.
The more I imagine this, the better it gets. RT : When will the Angry Birds spinoff, Angry Vaginas materialize?
City staff presenting recommendation to adopt ordinance to reduce single use plastic bags.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Jay Hicks Broke nigs always talkin bout what they gon do...Real muhfuhs already did it and on to the next one!
Many good blessings headed your way in 2012!! Stay strong!!
Drunk people + sober me = irritating situation.
me too! I love a great scarf. I can't wait to bust out my colorful sandals as well.
hahahahaha im about to call you silly wabbit
she put it in my Dm for both of us but I ain't see u ... but just go ask her
that might be exception & not rule - but nice to know...ty
#20peoplethatilove #11 you are one of the sweetest, prettiest girls I know! I'm so blessed to have you as a friend. :)
When boys take selfies of them attempting to look hot and putting a dumb caption is just as bad as when a girl does it.
still savoring the barbera... getting into the pinot tonight!
now Suppan, that guy was a BOMB. Still, major contributor to that playoff run.
"it's past prickle"
show your support for feed the children america.
Overzealous cricket is back. Perhaps he should consider Internet dating.
IM JUST AS EXCITED AS YOU FOR AUSTIN'S LA CONCERT CAUSE I LIVE THERE AND IM GOING PROBABLY! I CAN'T WAIT!! GAHH CAN'T BREATHE
i l0ve talking to pe0ple i dont know !!! :D
Thank you for following me! I am already following you. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. <U+2665>
haha! Thank you for listening Carrie! We need to have you on so we can hear about your docu!
i did know and then forgot because how is it already oct 3rd? and how have i not yet managed to call you *shakes head*
have you booked your Sunday night supper plans yet? scroll through our partner restaurants menu offerings and book online through
...I thought you were shaking my hand?
The Vow with my loves :) such a beautiful movie! Makes me want find someone just like Leo! :3
naaa . I believe you bra . .
Final net profit from selling 2 pairs of Jordan XI Lows... $63.27. Should do much better with 1 pair of Jordan IV Cavs tomorrow.
Happy birthday !
Limobuses.com has rental bargains For Birthdays In our best 44 Magnum
How did I miss it. Never heard anything about calling
I just miss not feeling lonely. Even tho I knew it wouldn't last
something to keep you occupied after Gmen get smoked next wk
I'd slot it at my #3 favorite movie just behind the dark knight, not as much substance, more explosions
Unless i have plans tomorrow, i think i am going to go to the gym tomorrow.
I looked at the source Ray.
CONGRATULATIONS for #Olivier2012 in Outstanding achievement in Opera. So jealous you're not in New York!
Happy #ff to welcome new #followers Pleaesd 2 meet u!
Great to finally meet George Marcus today; came to Rice for a visit. Nice guy.
Well shit. Your cute.
do you guys still translate Bleach??
Congrats ! PW named THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES one its Top Ten Mysteries & Thrillers in the upcoming Spring '12 season!
About 6 hours to go. Takin a nap to #rest up for this game.
La La Land tomorrow to celebrate Dan's birth
There's a math problem in Redshift. It's not an accident (or, technically, a problem).
thanks for the retweet! Have a great weekend.
aw I'm so sorry! When did he pass away?
ha! Maybe he is an evil robot. Only an evil robot wld make us sit through that wretched meeting.
no I'm still in Cali
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, and the app downloads! It's been a wild day...I do believe I'll take a break now.
It ain't nothing but a number
Piloting our newest tour for our funders. Torn between making it snazzy for accolades or honest for feedback. Aiming for both!
You call you your bf/gf every 5 mins.. Trust me they're tired of your ass.
when it rains it pours
What is your suggested serving size?
I trust more than
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
Thanks for the response and answers. Is it ok if we quote you? –Will
Appreciate the follow
I remember going there about 10 years ago and I was at least old enough to appreciate what a cool place it was. Want to go back
Way to go Lady Cats!! ELITE 8
The Brazilian food hut thingy in Berkeley is the truth. Mango smoothie for the win!
Almost ready to kick ass on black ops..
I'm a firm believer that you can show leg if your arms are covered, so I'd go for it.
that depressing moment when your best friend () tells you that they aren't going to school today D;
If that's really Tom Brady, I'm disappointed in his spelling and grammar choices.
boys will accents.
Never RT : Who wants del taco ?
Abt to head back to DC, GN.
Rain, reading in coffee shops all day, & dumpster diving in La Crosse, WI. 50-some mi. yesterday. couple days 'til Minn. at our leisurel ...
um, are you inviting me over?
Thanks for the follow
He who has seen a thousand doesn't praise a hundred...Ashanti Proverb.
CFW attendees: During the break, go sign in at the rege desk if you didn’t already. We use this & your eval to award your CME credit
Report: Stanford&#39;s Bob Bowlsby to guide Big 12
What are some skin care tips you recommend for winter?
When you get out of the shower and you feel all refreshed; then you remember you have your period.
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. – Bill Cosby
Finished two great rehearsals, this weekend is going to be sweet! now it's time to get back to work. First a contrafact and then a reharm
is headed to NYC for the weekend.
Live life to the fullest...no exceptions!
hahaha my break was fun actually I went to new york
Last day! Say code word "PARADISE" to your server & get a free appetizer!
it cant get here quick enough
yes them too... And yes is awesome
you guys going to tour for your new album?
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Show tonight in Manayunk. The Grape Room, 8pm. Be There!
#gymflow tomorrow morning
“: There’s always that one special person that no matter what they’ve done to you, you still, just can’t let them go.”
huh..funny your the first person that has said that.
My wife loves to remind me of things after I remind myself of it out loud.
normal job or writing job? Hate to think something happened between you and Black Library!
We love your website! Your newest blog "Your Stimulated Reality" is eye opening. We look forward to future posts!
Como estas amigos?
The challenge: not to distinguish between "character scenes" and "plot scenes", but to write plot scenes that show character.
Eat less processed/packaged foods, artificial/refined sugars and junk. Eat more veggies and fruits, lean protein, and omega 3 fatty acids.
That was so fun! Thx for tweeting!
Will definitely keep chewing on the idea...
is the NFL's only DB to record both an INT-TD and a kick return (punt) TD this season
Incredible talk by David Friedberg at Stanford's Thought Leader Series which was open to the public.
Check out the link my homie sent ta ya and let me know what you think homie
RT ": I never step touch without stretching." Safety First!!!!
happy mothers day to you also
hahahahha yes you're :P 100% sure and nothing special like always hahah lol
I heard that bro I can't never sleep how you been tho pat
not going to make tom :( will try my best for the next one. Have fun in Texas!
Today's Google Doodle celebrates the birthday of Richard Scarry - one of my favorite childhood authors.
What's the design?
hey did you have a great b-day tell me about it? Need to get together and chill, it;s been awhile.
Cowboys Use First 4 Draft Picks On Defense
Nice work last night @ IO, Love you and Lindsey's 1st song. Crackin me up.
To stop caring so much about what others think of me.
im faded faded faded
Hard to sleep when ur missing a part of u
just remember that i didn't create that joke
HR beware of your unsavory tactics.
ugh i'm having the worst time with this. we should plan a get together soon!
Joseph Kony has been abducting little children or killing them. we need 2 help these helpless children. And they need it now.
The greatest strength is gentleness.- Iroquois Proverb
Famous persons whose skulls or pieces of are missing include: Geronimo JFK Hitler and Panco Villa
I feel like i got punched in the chest.
Whoa. Seriously.
You look like a Subtweet.
Good luck to you guys in your opener against Mississippi Valley State next week!
It feels great getting an email from our charity's president saying I did a great job and how well our team has done. :D
I come frm a single parent household lol RT : What is wrong with Rian foreal
Grizzlies play today.. Time to see my team advance to the next round!
who who you rather hang out with? me or you?
i like how y'all do the releases up there
she looks amazing
Nope. Refreshingly honest.
time to crawl
Looking forward to the Conference Finals!
So U can follow "good" teams: BREWERS & ChiSox RT I have reports that we do have MLB tv!
why are you working out anyway? Shouldn't you be updating the site or something productive?
sure..... :/ I know I am your sister ! yeah buddy!
You had good experience with NP?
funny guy : )
Would carbonite jello shots give you hibernation blindness?
arely you got a signature of lab rats that a memorie , everything is a memorie ! A signature is a better memorie .
#OnceUponATime omg! awesome!!
have help you out, he will get you followers!
and, here comes Phil moving up on the outside...haha
where did you watch the fight from?
Some clever Republican leader invented Michelle Bachmann in a laboratory to make Palin, O'Donnell, et al seem less freakish...
RT ": Someone stalk me" I think this is your calling. Now
Weekends don’t count unless you spend a little time doing something completely for yourself.
What kind of stuff do you write?
“: What's garys twitter address?”
Anyways....feels good outchea
Drunchies and sad hearts. Oh dear
RT: Bolivian police arrested our local producer, are looking for me and my ABC colleague. We're vamoosing. Got the story, though
In case anyone wondered, there were 79 different Twitter clients/posting methods among the 7,424 #CILDC Tweets.
Black Friday here we come! :)
Just found the mac and cheese.. Sorry kfc.. Loveya
Can't fall alsleep oh shit
1/2 bottles of Ramey! Are you trying to get me to move in to the Four Seasons?!
I love lady gaga.
Working out with jizz.
I'll call u maybe if u call me big mama
At #DRAKE concert in Denver!!!! Cant wait! Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :)
Is it just me, or did March and April switch this year? Brrrr.
me and u both
I love you too!
4:40 a.m.: makes a cameo in our newsroom. Caffeine is less necessary now.
7 #hospital taken cared of now his condition might just get worse. We hope someone at Desert Springs Hospital take notice of this.
On a plain to st louis!
Praying for you tonight during this time in your life. May God show His goodness to you. Blessings!
I have heard this around the bush a few times from individuals... We're looking forward to them
hey I laughed!
MOFOS WILL TALK SHIT TO YOU ON TWITTER, THEN TRY TO HUG YOU WHEN THEY SEE YOU ON DA STREETS. #PUNKBITCH!
people prefer death over bvb and botdf.
<3 UR tweets Better than actual show XO “: People who hate my tweets.People w/o a sense of humor
wow, that sucks!
RT if you've got your shit together...Should only see a RT from
Raven is in #SisterAct !? Damn!!!!! I need to go see it again!!!
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers
is hoping the weather holds out tomorrow for a wonderful day at the ballpark. Brewers! Brewers! Keep turning up the heat!
