Excellent answer!
I Had So Much Fun Last Night At The Halo Awards ! :D <3
Really? The Sitka librarians are all excited about a Zuil Bailey sighting in the lounge this morning. Cuter than Estrada
cant wait to see you in LA...flying from Seattle just to see you!
hahaha what is he replies to "I have a gf but if i didnt i would." i would freak out & be like OMFG. ALEX LOVES AFRA.
I should have a weather bomb. Oh, the adventures I would have.........
and likes it.
oh word?
depends yo! The dude who did ours is super dope! Like a tatoo artist hes the best charges the most ya dig ca him
Where are you from?
Happy New Year!!!
sometimes i get a little dissapointed at the fact i can't find many people who #DontSMokeWeed and i dont want to start.
Demand for residential living in #Carmel Midtown is high. is 100% occupied with talking phase II
Cleaning cycle over. On to making split pea soup for dinner!
excuses nigga!!! Lol my recycle is on the way and I have to get more too. P.S. errbody does Yo mama jokes
Thanku ! Youre VERY admired too. BLESSED day ALL
My sons birth photos
I wish chick fil a delivered
I really enjoyed your speech last night.
A fun day, but a long one.
Haha, is this about the thread from yesterday?
can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak ill do the same:)
My mom <3
Live music is an experience! Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
Hello followers, it seems my Twitter account has been hacked. Please ignore any DMs from me! I have contacted Twitter about the issue.
Dr. Hansen to blue tail flap: "It kind of hurt me and (trainer) Mike's (Maker) relationship. We're going to have to talk it out."
Both sections of 307 will take place tomorrow. The 2 p.m. class is excused for the #walk-out IF you take a twitpic of yourself in Madison.
LOL... I might be the later and am just now figuring it out.
Turn it up, heat it up, I need to be entertained.
thanks so much for following tim:)
"this is my apocalypse dick!"
Ah. I see your situation. Great site-I've bookmarked it for further perusal.
Stop trying to keep up with ____. Stop chasing fads so the heauxs will think you're cute. Do what makes YOU happy. Fuck everything else.
Congrats to for 10K Twitter milestone. Thanks for all of your valuable contributions. I reference your work often.
Good morning, Tweetpeeps! It's a new day! Start it how ever you wish... just start it on a good note! Luv you all!
Happy birthday, you!
i DM'd you back!
RT : Thank you Rosa Parks for ensuring transit is for EVERYONE 55 years ago today!
I am going to start watching tonight.
When u fall asleep in class and the bell rings...everyone is gone..they lefted u sleep in class <<<<<
An ominous day to visit Yad Vashem (the holocaust museum). It's foggy and pouring rain. What a beautiful location tho on top of Mt Herzl
Everyone loves to create words by replacing the letter "S" with the letter "Z". Thought of doing the reverse... but realized I'd be British.
In 10 days, I'll be on the beach in Vietnam.
chicken or the egg?
“: Want to turn a ho into a housewife? That only works in Scrabble” lol wow
Falling asleep to #meangirls for the second night in a row isn't a crime right?
In honor of #EarthDay this weekend, check out for awesome Eco-friendly yoga mats!
Thank you Tall Mountain!
yeah. life's funny!
Aww que cute I just saw a guy my age home hand with his mom at the mall c:
The rain has cleared. My car is fixed. Another evening with visiting #family. Life is great.
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please refrain from making Sam Hurd/ "The Wire" jokes. I have never seen that show and I don't get the jokes. Thanks
want to sleep but can't
"We're like the Sopranos in a pick up truck."
Of course Hamels defended baseballs history. Harper was a threat to Coles personal website online store
you got better pics of her than google wtf lol
did you read the earlier piece on his recruitment? It is the shadiest of shady situations with a recruit. Financial planners & travel
Wicked flashback...I was Chuck E. Cheese! First job (pizza maker) at 16 (a few yrs ago...lol), had to fill in and be the rat...
Steve Kerr called it.. That layup got Harrington going..
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Home from Europe...amazing week, wish it wasnt over! Good times <3
Hmm...a google search for "how to process archival architecture collections" turns up links to our blog. Sweet, but unhelpful at the moment.
do you go to school
Nice of u to offer but, no thanks. Did you see the text I sent you about the kid that looks just like jakeeyp?
My gosh, I have so much to do today it's important I focu---Call of Duty ............ oh, crap.
#FF some great people for information
Those are Record of the Year nominees? As a voting member of the Academy, I'm, well, sort-of ashamed. Except for Cee-Lo. And Lady Antebellum
sitting front row with for for the 3rd year in a row at the Pabst Theater. sadly, no comic book delivery this yr.
I want to haz!
Be positive if you want positive results!
Looking at recipes on Pintrest that I will never make because I don't cook.
ahahaha oh wow, thanks x)
Thanks for the follow!
may be spring but it feels like summer!
The faster Halloween approaches without any real inspiration, the closer I am to making an appearance as a member of the former USSR.
RT GOD is good and he's good ALL the time!
I just heard from Stasha that they're meeting for AM today also
That pic is #swag bro lmao omg cant stop lawling
My baby nephew fell asleep on me and I accidentally dropped my phone on his head while I was texting. Lmao! It's cool tho he's fine
dont be #mad everything happens for a reason..............
That awesome feeling when you are on vacation away from work and technology.
being nice to trust me there take advantage of that shyt not give a fuk
Bex: I want my own trailer Rick: you can have the front seat of andrew's Honda civic
Career Expo Tip: view open jobs on company web sites before the event to make the best use of your time with the recruiters
#AmazingSwifties will forever and always love <13
Are you wearing your #SPF today?
Would like to talk to you about getting you involved in Bowling For Boobies 2012. Contact? Thank you for your past support!
- Can't wait for the mac n cheese, and all the other delicious food you've been so kind to donate, cook and deliver!
April Fool's Day Pub Crawl in Pacific Beach...www.eDrinkit.com ONLY $10!
I hate straight hair. Too much work.
I learned everything I ever needed to know about storm watching and allergies from strangers in the men's room today.
Small biz creates nearly all net new jobs. How about a huge pool ($200B) for 100% guarant. loans to startups and micro/small biz?
you gotta let me know how that concert went brah.
Great freakin' day :)
What do you love about Cleveland and the surrounding area?
cast iron is major deal breaker for me on inductions.Plus cookware limitations..Fast cooking can be on 20k burner
Still working on it. We'll let you know when we're ready to open our doors!
CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHERE I CAN FIND THE SHOT CALLER REMIX?!
Since it includes in it, it also shows up in 's "mentions" or "Connect" feed.
Just a quick reminder that tomorrow I will be at the Sun Prairie Taste of the Arts Fair, Sheehan Park, 1351 Linnerud Drive, Sun Prairie, WI.
double rainbow! What does it mean?
I tip my hat to for doing the unpopular thing and backing up Roger Goddell.
i'm a lifelong roadie who's so jealous of mtber's lines. wish i had their skills. mucho respect. i'll try again next week
why is there no newss story every time a level 3 sex offender moves in to my N Mpls neighborhood?
I want to make a million like 50 times over.
Did u watch the #vegan Extreme Couponing episode? Had to watch but still seems like hoarding to me. At least some donate their freebies.
Wow, what an awful dream.
Challenge: Each day when u wake up come up w/ 3 things u will do TODAY that will get u closer 2 your dream.
#Drupa Report Daily names Aleyant's Pressero #w2p storefront system and Interactive Designer iPad app a show "Hot Spot". Booth 7 0B04
I've missed people measuring temperature in Celsius and cold rainy nights #home :)
I should specify that the "swindle" in question was adjudicated in civil rather than criminal court.
That's unfortunate. I've only heard the lead single so far, but I'm anxious to hear more of the album.
GM Pres adding #Mpglutamine to my #bizzydiet stack when is best time to take??
Damn my toes fucked up
Pain is temporary, love is forever; don't make it the other way around
was just inducted into the A Team captain hall of fame my responsibilities are now to select cpt's for the nite
Good game for the smyrna stars @ The AAU hoop-fest in Louisville
you are welcome RT : thank you for the follow
School got canceled for a TERNADER (tornado) wooht(:
WHO ARE YOU
47 in Ct yesterday. 12 in Roc this AM. 62 by weds. Wtf is with the weather? Is it time for SXSW yet?
HOW DOE
yup, it will be a bit not with them at the moment!
So are you all decked up for today's game of and at the United Center?
Country Music Singer Lee Brice talks with Cherish - WALA-TV FOX10
hahaha I love me some you...
yeah I just liked it on FB and it actually is good :) thanks for doing that we seriously are destroying our environment
hell no.
thanks! hopefully my bf will be back by then :)
Sometimes in those dark nights of the soul comes the light.
i...need you to see me this is so hard.... Please #tweetmecody ...
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Really? You want to clear things up 5 yrs later?!
I have a post earth day hangover, keep barfing up corrugated cardboard!
#BoringMovies Sucker Punch
having Mrs. Flores next year. Is she nice???
"It's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything... There'd be no scope for imagination."
Hate Sleeping Alone cause I'll stay up all night on Twitter, Facebook, and my website. Smh
Can the soul ever kill porn?
Welcome to Seattle it rains here more then any where else always soppy this time of year.
go get a good run or 2 this weekend and do ALOT of Abbs !!
Thanks for stopping!
My child asks for toast every morn and then spends an hour nibbling the bread into shapes. Aren't loitering customers supposed to tip well?
Thank you kindly!
the apartment expo at the boston convention center!! :)
yup, I'm one of those who likes it cooler. Thursday will be ideal.
i think u knoo..lOll
Damn hurt. I got a Saturday for not going to the office. And Kyle got it with you man fuck that bitch.
Phenomenal #AmericanIdol. So happy with the final two. Joshua is great but not as many people can relate to his music. Go Phillip!
"Are you my Mother?" is a great book to read today! Happy mom's day!
Ozil ties it for Madrid! 1-1 at Allianz in Munich
On a lighter note, Happy Mother's Day to my mama and all the other mama's out there. We appreciate you more than you know.
you should tweet about this band called ! :) you'd love them!
Thank you! Beasties on the headphones and kittens is helping.
One of the things the story does not discuss is the high fertility rates among Hispanics.
The power of creation is in ur hand destruction in d other. which do u choose?
Hey Whats up? :D
the other studio is in the west end on Cox Rd.
1MR discontinued! It will be missed... Until then, I'm stocking up!
Good morning #fort Wayne Indiana
Thanks for the follow Shawn!
Check out the Carnegie Science Center for fun Groundhog Day activities tomorrow including "Tornado Alley," a shadow catcher & more!
thank u for following me :)
I'm going to nose dive straight into the gutter.
I sure try to make it fun. It's too nice outside to stay indoors. The house is also too messy.
A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence.
thank you for the info :)
I only have one month left in my lease, can't decide whether to rent or buy. Any thoughts people? Also, townhouse vs. condo?
PETITIONS PETITIONS PETITIONS!
I'm not saying she's fat , I'm just saying her nail polish is cheeto dust..
is lil wayne wearing spongebob slippers??
No car tonight. Fuck
Hello guys great show
Lost respect for with the upcoming Salahi/Journey gossip interview. Step it up Today, you're letting me down.
Should've thought of something cool like a new song or an album cover reveal for when we hit 200. Might have to think up something quick.
Failure is a part of life. If you don't fail, you don't learn. If you don't learn, you don't change.
I guess you can call it that. Somewhere between that and dissecting the most vital issue of our time. Somewhere... :)
RT finally got it from redbox and loved
Did you have a good April Fools joke played on you?
yea but you all know im a kindhearted person and i try and see the best out of people but you're right and i should've known
R Ugonna be at the G Awards this eve? #peoplewannaknow <3frGA
If you contribute by creating things, you're contributing to the creation of a culture as well.
There's still time to reserve your FREE tickets to tonight's Daddy-Daughter Dance at Faith Community Church. The memories are...
The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD
It is excellent, easy to understand and full of color, said former Member of Parliament Mr Gangsin Seongil. 10% off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
Some FINE ASS BROS @ SCARLET!!!
Bought to eat steak burgers...yummy!!(in my ace ventura voice!)
Just burned the top of my mouth on molten hot pizza. ugh.
Hold the vote #Idol. Phillip broke out some DMB and, though a lesser known song, killed it. He's a bad ass.
I will :) but only if I can have you all to myself ;)
Don't bother about unsustainable communism. That's history, even for China. #WIunion knows it's Democracy that scares you.
if i strike out from them, then u.. but i'll try them first. thanks so much.
Do you guys like free stuff? Should we get on that again today?
If she's talking shit about my #Steelers, tell her I'm done with her too!
primero es Por y no pot.. And it's notorious.. You a newtonite u not ready for all that
Yay! is now on Twitter! 90 and still fly, moving wit the times. Go ahead Betty! =)
Anyways...just texted someone saying AH. They have no idea what it means.
Hey Patrick, I never heard. Is my story up yet on xenith? It's g. martinez cabrera, btw
if that happens, you get the biggest gold star ever.
i love you to much to get you outta mine but you wont like me im ugly really ugly im 13 and ugly tht will work
Elementary student displays native like Spanish skills and asks the BOS, "Please don't get rid of the FLES program."
lmao naw I'm talking about black ppl cornbread lol
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.-- Anas Nin
LOL u spelled my username wrong XD and....woah... Never trust him with a sharpie...
Hey Dylan <3
whoa, I got a headache too D:
Going back to school. That was a pretty bad ass feild trip. I loved da. Monkeys:)
Somebody start a game with me on Draw Something! ChazzyFizzle - user name
this was the very first page, not where the story line ends.
GNR Tracker...hm interesting. I'll check here 1st. will keep u posted. btw watching argentina 93 last show...kinda sad
See this is why I can't be getting down with her on a week night, I'm tired as hell.
I liked Elise. However I'm not surprised she's going home.
Choice emotion that fits scene, if it fits or not.
girls with bangs like yours never win. Sorry the world isn't sorry.
PTP thursdays tomorrow night calling out all COLLEGE STUDENTS!
pics r up ;D
yeah, the limited edition ones. What size you need??
It's beautiful and so is your husbands poem, 'Dwelling', so you put your house/shop on display each Sunday? It appears that.
whats your major
We'll be rolling later today, if you got a spot you wanna see us - twwet Us!
thanks for the follow!
At mechanic and stuck w/ Maury on TV. God help us. Plz make it stop! I just want to read!
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 8
Kacie B's grandpa has a football field named after him. Will she throw herself off the bleachers when she doesn't get a rose?
nice that's pretty cool... I'll check that out
The kindle will rock your world! Enjoy...I thoroughly heart mine.
Yay! Glad to have you on board! What'd you pick up?
Guess we in 2 different time zones
Apparently John Green is a Baby-Sitters Club fan.
People Who Act Single When They So Call Suppose To Be Inlove<<<<<<<<<
BACK TO DENVER WE GO!
NYSED says - Quality rating of SLO are not a factor in the score or outcome of SLO HEDI rating
Lmao. FRITA! I can't sleep ):
I love all the people who are calling about 1099Rs today. At least they're not waiting til the last minute like the people who call tomorrow
what's going on sum random chic lol
i just broke the thing that puts internet on my computer, ihml -.-
that's so true, our best friends have a Rottie and he is just amazing, and so adorable!
RT : billy norwich interviewing tim tebow: our heads are exploding a little
let me know for sure when you will be there..text me if you can remember...oh my Katie Bug is growing up ; (
These days, I'd rather read the article than watch the report.
heyy,, I HOPE YOU FOLLOW:)
ok I did your! xx
RT RT : #OccupyWallStreet Does this image remind anyone of a certain square in a country that overthrew its dictator?
Perhaps the next one....we have several more planned.
(: i think so too.
I do now itz cuz i thought something happen thtz y i asked
Following you. And Happy New Years too you too(:
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
1st CITIZEN: This Caesar was a tyrant.
thought that was pretty cheesy
Money Saving Tip #43: Ask for help and encouragement from your inner circle.
Uhh, you've never heard of Happy Hour?
I love catching my girls getting along & playing, when I walk by their room, unnoticed...it's at that point I usually yell & scare them ;)
RT : Everyone in the industry is trying to put out good stuff. Nobody makes a comic book bad on purpose. Unless they're evil.
My favorite Indian proverb is: "Finders keepers, losers weepers."
Wait, what? Barack wants to know what Facetiousness means. It was too long to fit on the teleprompter.
How would one go around getting to spend a day with you? Would you do it if it was their birthday? Maybe?
Watching the 2011 Oakley world Pro junior live
New level of brainless: stepping into shower with socks on.
A certain "media" company with their national contesting is making the CHR chart as legit as a Lindsay Lohan Anti Drug PSA..... #good work.
Same paranoid then yells at another man for same thing. The man then gets in her face and I had to get in the middle. All in the 1st hour!
And worst feeling after
We would like to take a moment to remember those lives lost in Pearl Harbor in 70yrs ago today. You are not forgotten. Gods bless <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Miami Dolphins quarterback David Garrard unfiltered at voluntary veteran minicamp
yeah or the fact that I'm falling asleep!
New Yorker article on #drones ends on an puzzling note, with a blend of awe & horror regarding birds & insects—& their nano-simulators.
Bwahahahaha >:D I'm Cupid!
So true RT : Marketing today is about the width of your brain not your budget.
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO FEEL ABOUT THIS
thank you!
No, please send an email w/ your information to
No need for panic, it's just a Lego Ninja, whew :)
Kobe went off last night looked he liked Kobe of younger
hey go follow and check out www.brandforbands.com Look at the store n lemme know what u think
“: I'm craving oysters..." We have 10 varieties on the Ice tonight with your name on em :) Come see us!
yeah u do :) it's such a good movie!!! And be sure to see it in 3D IMAX!!! It's the only way to see this movie!!!
New Rule, Directioners: If the boys are seen with girls, don't ever send them hate. imagine how you would feel. so STOP,-
Lmao, this funny bc im soo high
All I wanna do is lay down in this bed and text you
Good luck tomorrow, #earthday celebrations in the #Methow Valley. Wish we were there!
did you get a new gig?
hey<3 okay now it's been a few days so WHAT'S MY NAME!!!?????
You have Netflix Instant? The Classic Albums-- Rumors thing is worth it if you haven't seen.
you are welcome
Bank Owned in Las Vegas / Bunch of Potential !!!! - Las Vegas NV / South West 702-518-6567
This class <
lol yea you right (:
Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison 5/11 I perform and Tamara directed me.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Like that you're in SF to see it!
Check out an #OpenHouse when looking for great new colors for your home.
Going to see American Reunion with ! I remember sneaking into the first one at the drive in haha
Even in UFC mode, picked up2great drills to help us be even better next year. 1 last night & 1 today. Never stop workin, never stop learning
what! Roof top that
Watching. Have they came out with the #22 jersey
has gone on the record in support of marriage equality.
Movie in Spanish Class >>>>>>
fantastic interview with today, good to hear about his life rather than all the standard twitter talk we know.
How did i wake up?
I just want something/someone awesome and different to come along.
i love it. do u like mines?
I'm your first follower! heh!
10 meals for $5.99 or less when you order on BrewCityBites!
Happy #FF everyone. If you wish to be tweeted in our FF lists just send us a direct message! Especially if you're a #smallbiz like us!
There's a lot of BS on my TL today...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happy Birthday, from all of us, to a very cool #SD chica,
Patience can be painful at times.
im constantly checking my twitter. i think im obsessed.
Yes, at 4:55am. That's why I wasn't sure if you wanted to do it on the 19th.
Hey Mike, sorry about the emails. Can you forward me an email you received so I can look into it. vreeland [at] yext [dot] com
Every time I see it in the mirror, it seems to have new shapes.
If music be the food of love, play on Much Ado About Nothing - Act 2, Scene 1
Thank you Casey :) Love youu! <3 hehe i put it on fb and tumblr :P hopefully awesome ppl watch it :'D
Where do you stay when you go down there?
Tune in this weekend to see our critics choose their 5 best movies of the year so far! What movies do you think top their lists?
External Auditor tells #atxcouncil Audit and Finance Committee that #atxgov gets clean opinion in annual audit of books
Just saw Mummies of the World at CA Science Center. Closes on the 28th and is rad so go this weekend.
Nah he came home for Mothers day.
Hoan closing made for an hour long commute. I hope the guy on the motorcycle is ok but the dude on 43 that weaves thru traffic can eff off.
Third most common error. Showing a bad slide as an example. Not much graphics small, no color
Nothing like a small medical emergency to make it clear how weak our healthcare in this country is. Especially dental.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 33
RT : The food always tastes and smells so good :) Thank You Tiff!
Marc Borde and Nicole Saxton, playing tonight at Te!
Lol. You were raised up right. :)
It was great meeting you yesterday! Welcome to Twitter!
Do you have or know of any aqw flash tutorials? I find Dage's speed-draws very difficult to follow
I'd settle for tires being self-inflating.
Red Epic operating guide Http://red.cachefly.net/EPIC_ops.pdf
I couldn't tell when or who was the last girl I dated that went to my school when I started dating them.
Not "tourism enhancement" just interesting information that many people appreciate.
Its next week lol RT : Happy Mothers Day to all my beautiful mothers out there
Thanks for posting the tweets on the current play list. I tune in often because of it. Bill
I wonder who it was that designed the header for the new ACCESS enews...
Went to the Las Vegas Sevens Rugby Tournament today, it was pretty badass... Closest thing to football now that the NFL season is over!
where the fuck you was at when the fat bitch jumped on me
The weather dictates it will be slow at work tonight. Fingers crossed I get cut early!
That was fun, wasn't it!? Can't wait to work together again soon! Much Love to you!
Who is this guy?
You now have a new fan!! You have an awesome series. Its a must see. Perfect music by the way. Congrats!!
I know I love her!!
As #Caps Game 7 awaits, feeling mostly numb heading for the gallows, but still holding out hope for a royal (Czarist?) pardon.
Important things from kids: Save a place in line for your friends.
I've got soo much to tell you lol
Picked up entire troop's Girl Scout cookie order this morning. Van was completely full. Cookie party at our house today!
Good morning!! Coffee time!
Guess we forget how it feels to live outside the echo chamber.
Back to the grind.....is everybody ready?
Just kidding it does.
Right! RT : #scip2012 Did SWOT Analysis kill Competitive Intelligence? In fact everytime I hear SWOT has to do a shot
Cant wait to see how the next year of softball turns out.
I don't get it.
I need a night out with my girls!
too funny!
And when they catch us we gon get the biggest charge
#ff We're also into documenting city streets. Our maps reach the level of typographic and architectural detail...
i need it. to get my scholarship to a catholic school
Jody is at church yeah!!!
yes see you at 3
Who wants to crash the media line with me tomorrow at #whcd? I really want to see some celebs!
Thank you so very much & I am happy to talk about him to anyone that is interested. He really DID go to EMORY for example! :)
My chemistry teacher is singing young wild and free.
Hello from Portland, my old friend! Hope the news in Charlotte is treating you well this Monday
The biggest mistake I have made in my life is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve
Senior Celebration was freaking AWESOME!!xD
or at least that's what happens to me when I go to school w/a sticker on my butt.. Everyday -.- little sisters suck.
One thing for sure I do hop Thibs let play more!
spinning records tonight w/ and a few other friends. 2101 Lincoln. 8pm to close. join us there for a beer!
Terrific- lots of speaking, coaching and consulting. Loving life and so grateful
Three year old Anya turns to her father "can I have a snake dad?"
thank you! :)
My values, our values, aren't about pointing fingers. They are about offering a helping hand. ~Kathleen Blanco
Ahh i think i remember were you in grey?
Follow us and get free essay samples!
Totally needed you Tap in the first half.
Calipari signed an extension, praise Jesus
Thanks everyone , hope you are having a rockin day , happy new year and a blessed 2012 !
make sure you give credit with credit is deserved.that's thank ya very much. #whatayagonnado after every tweet (:
Just finished the last rewrite of my novel I plan on, until an editor says otherwise. Final count: 101k words, hopefully the right ones.
ok!! Thanks!! Btw, what's your name? :)
Stop by for a frapp in our lobby! RT Going to Albuquerque for like the the fifth time this month. We should just move there.
On the radio
I just wana take things slow ...
I see that I am way late and you already got the info on #readathon. Already on Book 2. I'm
I was trying for like 37349383 minutes and it wasn't working one of my friends got them so now I'm mad
19 Days!!! Ready to be home!
are you stalling my car repeatedly? Should you be driving the automatic? ;P
it would be nice if they expanded, but I like it the way it is too!
bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though
I have my first final on the 18th and the last one on the 21st then I am done!
thanks for the smile during your warmup last night :) good luck on the rest of your season!
Yet again Burger King has let me down
#student U.S. offers loans for Maine wind farm
Watch out Louisville!!! Here we come......
Today is national sami day oh yea!!! Lol
ow, i just got sucker punched on the lip
It's been too long for Rogers customers. ;)
**BANDS! contact me for SHOWS and INTERVIEWS**
If you could have any drink right now, what would it be?
Let's get this going! We are filling up fast! Get down here the breeze feels great
Loving' this weather. Blue skies. :) I think I need to get a hammock, yep, that sounds good!
All the scatters came...wearing sombreros
RT The article on noGOODdeed practically wrote itself Not at all like the production process, I'm sure.
When I talk about male survivors, there are a bunch of people rushing to tell me how female survivors always have it worse.
goin down ta south park gonna leave my woes behind
so is sparky having a breaking news call in show lol
We are living proof that humanity has the right to choose.
burned 322 calories doing 40 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Hello there good sir - if First Mind could use some fresh gear let us know - we got you
Where did the day go!?!
he was like rapping when he was supposed to sing like "so tell me what so give me a chance!" :P
and then I'm reminded of the Simpsons when rodney dangerfield is Mr. Burns' son and they end the show the same way.
Okay, Finally watched #VampireDiaries .. I cried, then screamed.. Oh gosh.
My last tweet confirms my opinion that Americans don't want Mexicans to work AND don't want to do the work themselves.
“: i wish people listened to the music i do life would be great” such as?
RT : The Secret Service is the greatest law enforcement agency but can't sneak a hooker out of a hotel?
Why in the H-E-double hockey sticks am I not at #Berlin9 ? I want to marry you.
Found more nitrate negatives. Nitrate will forever remind me of that scene in the Tarantino film, Inglourious Basterds.
UVA is purple like Northwestern? What?! And Duke should be no better than #11. At least Maryland scores interesting pts, IMO.
You're not Charles Dickens, you don't get paid by the word.
We have similar color scheme.
My new addiction: productivity.
About to head out for a meeting The Miltown Beatdown is gonna be sick this year.
Thanks OKC for a great weekend had buses all over the metro! 1 party bus available for this Fri. night, so call to secure your rez! 447.2446
Delighted new SD61 is almost the same as SD60. Look forward to reelection-making campaign about movement for social & economic justice.
cardboard cut out rules!
qhich leads to me doing nothing but feeling fat in the dark because the lightbulbs blew out in my room....
not having kids is a joy you have to experience to understand
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Bassjackers - Mush Mush - (Original Mix)
Who's tryna go????
Week 1 being a vegan was tough. I need easy high protein recipes since I'm lifting weights.
RT : The phonetic spelling of "phonetic" is "fa-net-ik." This is also the definition of "ironic."
My knee is so swollen. Holy crap.
Up early, exercise and electronic-oriented work done. Looking forward to a nice quiet day in a library carrel with no internet connection.
“WHAT I LOVE ABOUT AMERICA” 2009-10 tour and the celebrity guests that will be participating, TIME FOR CHANGE CD www.rickeyleewatson.com
concert tickets>anything
Thanks for the mentions, RTs, & support
Auction ending for some great purses tonight. Also have some great crystal figurines. bit.ly/o4xaMX
"Real Heroes don't wear capes, Heroes wear Dog Tags!"
RT DjBiggBoss66: jimmyderosa i drink beer out of mugs
Cats don't have perspective, they have purrrrspective
backbone.js :D
RIP LeBron. Shit was real real. and the degen crew
nothing like having your whole building shake. Scarey!!!
Buy it / use it / break it / fix it / trash it / change it / mail-upgrade it
So glad I don't have to wake up at 6:30 to go to school for the next two and a half months.
Being Southern means never having to say I didn't know you could fry that
Is that a 2001 A space odyssey joke?
Just ordered a Pickle Fucker at the Bellagio.
it's the Shepards Pie hyun!
Got it down, three hot trax recorded!!!
RT : You have to believe in who you are, what you are doing & building. There will always be people trying to bring you down.
tell Allison she made Sofia's day this morning when she said she looked like a tulip. Still talking about it.
really? Cool! Maybe we'll we have to get home until our taxes :-(
So this police dog seemed to have smelled something fishy from a quarter mile away from me...he started barking at me. Lol
“: Herman Cain: "There were 2 reasons I dropped out of the race: Gutter politics and No. 2 I chose to put family 1st."” REALLY?
this year, I just tell people that I thank Jesus for teaching me how to raise hell!! LOL
I mean, Ford having Steve Harvey push their booth/products before Beyonce hit the stage was a little awkward .
bro i had some and a dog chewed them up ;( i was SO mad
where was i
That nap was needed
Dmac, loved the updates from Dallas this week. Welcome back.
I want one!
RT : q3) Im going to say what just said SEO and OOP = Optimized search against structured content
The breakfast slimes, angel food cake, doughnuts and coffee, white bread and gravy cannot build an enduring nation.
OH Amazon... you finally sucked me into Prime. This will not end well.
I'm so tired I could sleep for rest.
blame it on baby-brain. ;)
feel like I have 5 different things going on and it all has to deal with social media and emails and open documents. One busy LADYBUG!
Google Reader
Sometimes I whisper, "I'm on your side" to the computers, just in case they ever succeed in taking over the world....
An action without an intention would be like a body without a soul. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
have you seen the director's cut? I haven't but heard it was good.
Happiness is when what you THINK, what you SAY, and what you DO are in harmony.
You can do all things through God who strengthens you!!!
Damn I wish tattoos weren't so expensive
Congrats to our friends on raising 850K at your signature "Grace Notes" Gala last Saturday!!
RT : Welcome to Twitterville: Official acct for #Spokane Mayor Verner's re-election effort. She's hip & green!
Can't wait for this year to end...never want another like it
looking forward to the new scenes going up in class tomorrow!
Time go by faster when your not doing any work and your having fun...salty bout to go right back to class bt I'll be out real soon
I'm about to give up on typing today. Good lord lol
Norquist on budget compromise: It's nonsense; won't happen; doesn't need to happen // this guy controls 98% of House and 85% of Senate GOP.
Truth, though I've rarely felt like he was wasting my time. Least favorites: nextwave, Dr. Sleepless, and SVK was disappointing
na u might not have
Not even getting involved with anyone until' I get home from florida
the bus is late and we have a new driver today.. how lovely. i'm about to just go home.
Loving me some editor. Clean UI and has a live preview. Nice! Check your goodies bag attendees. USB delight.
I am a waitress you fuck face! And I got a thousand in a month so fuck you. Haha
okay good, i felt terrible. and i want to bring you something
Thanks for watching!
If U BIG & STANKY At Least Have Some Clean Clothes On, How U Gone Have Dirty Shit On & Smell Like A Damn Ocean Full Of Fish. Go Wash Yo Ass!
I think I'll have more confidence - or care less? - at 25 years. 'Cause 10 was too recently and too embarrassing...
Obama calls for support for the same kind of research that led to the internet. Al Gore clears his throat...
lol I love you Mary! So funny! I can't wait to live with you this summaaaaaa!!!!! :)
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Wishing they'd been accepted to VU so their lives wouldn't have turned out meaningless.
Thanks for the RT!
When he's 2 years younger than you it matters lol. RT ": age aint nothing but a numbaaaaaa lol"
see you on monday? :D
It feels oh so good to know that we are not going to be putting Jeff Suppan on the field this post season! Go Brewers!
we still expect to be compensated somehow as this went on for about 4 months I think Too long to get this new Tv working right
I was gonna wait til the 20th to tell you but I'm going camping.. Congratulations on the 4 years! Your very strong!
answer your phone!!
Thanks so much for coming on the tour last night!
Someone remind me why I work in retail...
A lot of irons in the furnace, and I ain't talkin' Minecraft.
It is done
Lol! Be sure to top it off with crab juice.
and all I can thinks is 'why'.
Study: REITs With Female Board Members Garner Materially Higher Returns - Citybizlist Real Estate
Okay, still working on Telenovela. back to the coal mine.
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI. APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!!LET'S GET IT IN
are you redecorating?
pouring drinks and drowning in other peoples drama. The usual... U?
Im trying to light one doe
At Clovis's Colonial Golf Course, local man Weldon Killough hit a hole-in-one at the course's eight hole. Four others saw it happen.
head ass lol
Special bottle pricing on Friday!!! Celebrating something special? Why not with us :)
agreed however several friends have then and attest to their goodness
Thanks to Google for making the world aware of what Sopa is and what it does.
Just a reminder; we're closed on Sundays now.
:D smile :D
Done with finals. Fuck wit me
as a packer fan, you should have made the pro bowl.
Somebody come get me from school !!!!!
Inception: think I understood it therefore, didn't. Made me realize I hate dream'n cuz you can never control things the way U want to lol.
can you suck on your fingers after??
I'd kick you in the vagina but I'm afraid I'll lose my shoe.
Church and Football. Gonna be a fun day!
Filmed a quick little YouTube video tonight :) It will be up tomorrow just in time for mothers day!
Hope you are feeling better soon.
Without fail, everytime I say "while" and "file" my southern accent comes out. Bleh. Region accent, begone!
laser therapy
wait!! You like the golden girls!!? I absolutely love that show lol
gearing up to record or new as of yet untitled EP. check us out and let us know which songs you'd like to hear on it (rerecorded of course).
Doing laundry
Calling all financial advisors, consider this an RFP from a law abiding tax paying citizen in the market for a lower tax bracket.
There must be an Achievement for that :)
Tr[eat] Her Right (;
This sweater vest is coming right along. I have accomplished a whole lot of knitting and listening to This American Life.
RT : Has anyone had any experience with #4G #WiMax here in #Chicago? <-- It seems to suck everywhere.
Clippers and grizzles look like a mma fight. These boys aint playin
Raise your hand if you hate the "Angie's List" commercials. *raises hand*
Thank you! You can email us at
Anyone ever had problems putting together IKEA furniture? Like they cut the pieces wrong or something? This is supposed to be a science.
I also wish would follow me. That'd make like...my whole life.
out here at mac with
RT : "As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping...
“: Nights that you end up being alone and bored <<<”
oh please bring me some sushi to wicks!!
Three sips of wine does not a glass make... Aka, I really wish I had more wine
Love you!
There is no team I'd rather see lose IN Indy than the Patriots. Until then, THERE WILL BE BLOOD.
Go follow me i follow back!
we wanted to look at what the prices and stuff like tat is up there for like apts.
Negative Nancy needs a new outlook on life
Hate when that happens : Just woke up,I feel pretty stupid my tweets last night made no sense :(
Might be a little late but happy bday Jordan hope you have a freakin amazing 22nd<3
I would like them to invent the Food Replicator from Star Trek
used to call it "the twitter" ..and after refusing to join, now loves the instant grat from talking to fans post shows
I have been so busy lately, hard to stay updated on with everything that's been going on!
If you want to part ways with a copy of Movielife's 40 hour train to Penn, you'd be my hero
Thanks for your help!
Allison Hooper walked into WFM RVF yesterday. Twas great to say I saw her in Bra via your tweets.
“Jokes? There are no jokes. The truth is the funniest joke of all.” <U+2015> Muhammad Ali
other names jessica simpson considered for her baby GIRL-chester, leonard, vincent, edward, malcom, leon. all fine choices for baby GIRLS:)
Why can't this weekend come sooner?
youu should definitly write a second book! #firststeptoforever needs a sibling..haha
6 years...I've never done one
hahah Chloe and selah. They're so attached, selah follows her into the bathroom
idk depends on the price since its my birthday present from my parents it can be any seat maybe (i gotta ask my dad)
good to see you bro
He is such a beauty...
Got rehearsal time wrong by an hour and now I have a headache and want to punch people. This should go swimmingly.
good luck and safe travels!
THANKS for your support
Great run yesterday Team Honor. Figures Hutch doesn't tweet.
DC Comics Batman Distressed Logo Youth T-Shirt
Record breaking days at #rentmyinstrument !!! UPS trucks keep leaving the warehouse to deliver
shhh don't be a grumpy bear, they're funny!
You know, we haven't met in like a YEAR! And this topic is up my ally. :)
Playing the Langham Hotel (Tap Room) tonight with two greats: Hamilton Price & Dan Schnelle. Straight up, straight ahead, straight bourbon!
what a boring week end
// Thank you, Kim. It's how I spend my time when I wake up in the middle of the night. lol
Watching HBO special on America and citizenship, amazing stories! Why do we complain? These folks come here for freedom! We have it good!
Any STEM middle school supporters out there? Working on a grant.
But really, I could've used more direct cynicism as a Freshman in high school.
Hey there!!! Long time no tweet!!! Thanks so much for the RT and getting the word out about this #Green event.
it's not a Hangover reference?
Going out with and my edamame! Can't believe were going out two nights in a row. Watch out Nashville!
It comes from Ryan's () use of Nacho Libre's accent during the tracking of Emelo's first record in the duplex I used to live in..
My life = work and school
I thought Chaka Khan was also a part of the Whitney tribute...
Mothafuckas Always accussin you of doin wrong, wen it really be them!
s/o to my new follower
much much appreciated! Thank you
Congrats on the LAMMY nomination!
"Learn from yesterday, live for today." - Rachael Evans, from today's
sure. You following me?
OH NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OH HELLS TO THE NO.
Please tune in to watch talk about #THEDRAMAYEARS on NBC's in 15 minutes! Good luck Haley!!! <3
Its the coldest day ever
God I just wish the cubs could be like the least bit good for once
So grateful for all the positive feedback coming our way regarding the website!!! Thank you all...
That's a good
Please Email and to see what that station can do to help your cause
Also working with 1,100 community action agencies with the intent of applying microUP strategies here in the ol' USA.
Ran 5 suicides . Waters my only hope right now.
Thanks for being our generous sponsor 4 our efforts 4 homeless veterans! You do so much good! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Hahaha trust me, I understand. But so you don't post like every second, take my advice.:P
You don't get to be a series regular dreaming of being a co-star.
LOL, no ur not! RT : Denise I fell asleep before your clock in! I'm a poor #nightshift leader! Good morning!
Really wish I can take all of this back.
shoutout to my newest follows
oh hai migraine.
We were ready to beat FCNY. And ready enough to pluck Arteaga from their failed roster. It's a whole new year, man!
Dinner tonight is Potato-Parmesan Crusted Tilapia with risotto and mixed vegetables. 10.00
RT : Is there a police code for zombie on the loose? #Castle <~ Haha! Loved it!
always, always remember to back up... not that i ever do
Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion- Muhammad Ali
Nobody knows the answer to the Pretty Woman trivia q? I thought it was too easy. What does the waiter say when he catches the escargot?
I cannot replace the way your coldness tastes.
Has anyone else ever wondered why God made weeds and fire ants?
My 5y/o son tells me when he grows up he wants to be a spy. I said if he's serious about it, he probably wants to keep that to himself :-)
I live for my self not for you or anybody else, I make money for me not youu nn I live life to the fullest cause god gave me the chance.
heck no. I'm contemplating another blackberry, or possibly a droid.
Oh I thought that was smoke. I was just going to out it.
It's all about the shoes and the watch :-) RT Let's play a game...hipster or homeless??
excited that they beat an 8 seed on home ice. Act like you have been there before. Oh wait you haven't.
With Duracell myGrid you can charge up to 4 devices at one time!
Don’t let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know doesn’t give a damn about you.
forgiven!!! Someplace with Odouls. It's my new favorite cocktail. I'm on day 32 of my cleanse. It's boring.
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there! Workin till 5 and I am thoroughly exhausted #needbill$
what I was about to say.
me too! Yes Pete's around. Book turned into many articles and pr for my hand care line how are you?
": She's only jealous, Because she cares."
what should i bring
it did have cheese added into it. It was recipe so it had cheese butter sour cream etc in it. Lol
YES. I fully respect and love everything about that!
If u don't grind u don't shine!
I need to quit
hm okay then.
that's awesome! Happy Easter to you! thanks for the # FF :-)
Had a blast on the radio last night. Can't wait to unveil some tasty new jamz at Lincoln Hall - Wednesday, April 25.
Im school, half day, wanna leave..! #Dafuckk?
Love this! Cinderfells!
Ohla working & living life..where I know u from?
us too! Very current themes we think the audience will engage with
Just feasted like it was Thanksgiving.. I might blow up
follow now.
Still think bout see junior seau mother!!
laying in bed, you?
umm Demi Lovato are u freaking kidding me...in my opinion she can out sing his ass any day!!!!
So, with OU and Yale anchoring the Top 13, what would the other candidates be?
Tickets on sale now! Stop by on your way into Midnight.
oh ok... Js wanted to know no big deal...
I got a hair cut love it <U+2665>
Butler wit the dunk!
let love rule!
Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?
great tip! Thank you
when tumblr doesn’t work, i’m forced to go on facebook..
Happy happy birthday you big stud!!!!!! :)
#ireallywant my cherry red challenger already ... EEk!
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans. ~Ric Belda
It'd be fun if they just named everyone in Ireland. "Meet the Irish! #1- Seamus O'Flanagan, #2- Mary McMurray, #3-....."
i love you with all my heart punkasarus ! <3
Nice ad Clint. Only problem, Chrysler is now Italian, not American.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Don't give your attention to other girls.
itemizing a year's worth of personal bank txns makes me data-queasy in the same way searching through my gmail chat history does
Hm.... RT : I'm thinking, UK is small at DT this season, heard a guys weighing in at 270 at the backup spots.
started reading it yesterday. good stuff. congratulations. When are you coming to Houston?
Happy hour > nap
Training of Federal HR workforce is going to be a focus for OPM through HR University
NO ONE ASK ME HOW I'M DOING I WILL CRY.
I love you both!
hey Peyton I love you ! Can I get a goodnight ?
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/30/12 at 2:22 PM
Cooking for my mom ;)
Ugh maybe I should have gone to my friend's little sister's party -_-
People would say granted desktop is Microsoft's. They will never get the Server. Well now the Cloud shifts paradigms big time!
Literally put a list into a bucket.
My favorite is CC Yin. One of a kind. Lots of opportunities for the org to make an impact ... we'll see!
i'd unfollow you then wait till I could be 1300 just to get it
I'm so turned up! Website coming soon...stay tuned!
Had a really nice nite w/ my sister and her fiance, and her future brother/sister-inlaw... Felt
WOW RT Bills have a 1:30 presser to announce Mario Williams signing.
upstairs from me is either a fight or a furniture sale.
yeah i went this morning
"Search Engine Optimization Secrets" by Danny Dover is written for SEO consultants but has a lot of good tips for users not found elsewhere.
Oh my gosh!! I just hate those days were im having such a nice day then someone can just come and ruin it!!
Tomorrow is national wear your camp shirt day! Wear your camp shirt to the Y tomorrow and receive $5 off your first week of camp!
Gotta ask, what's on your list to see?
Great first class with Brian Reise. Everyone was cool & welcoming.
how do i get over something thats impossible?
Watching X-Files before bed made me jumpy. It's a good thing my apartment doesn't have any air ducts.
Be sure to put on your varsity list so you don't miss his tweets.
YW, have a great weekend Kimberley!
Best part of opening day? Opening day bbq!
Tweaked holiday video showing in Comcast lobby A 90-second Nutcracker sequence by the Pennsylvania Ballet and four additional snow machin
": Don't be in a relationship if you're going to at single."
Be on the look-out for an upcoming Holiday give-away! Stay in tune for details!
Good to see Mrs. Landis' wisdom is still being taken to heart.
tell her I said hi (; that I love her :*
' Gotta get my shit up!!
Okay goodnight I'm done lol
love it! thanks so much for joining us!
Obsessed with old man chef's floral print shirt at Kenka.
time for work here soon
Or was there an implied “and time to do translation work on a project” in there? Because I’m not so sure about that part.
I said you the fucking best!
Thanks so much to those who have recently started to follow me. For those unaware, I am, when time allows, reviewing YA books as well.
it's going to take awhile for me to come back and shop there. And I LOVE the store. Have bought so many books from there.
If it's not your relationship then you don't need to worry about why someone's relationship ended. It's none of your business!!
You'll rock! Happy New Year from J & J
Anyone headed to the Tejano Music Convention in Vegas next week? If so stop by my booth and buy your tix to the TMA's
can't argue with either of those points!
True story: once to a cruise to Samoa with
So how bout those Sixers?
Finished prep work for tomorrow's training sessions and happily watching #sytycd. Liking the talent at Vegas week!
Sometimes YOU need to step outside, get some air, and REMIND yourself of who YOU are and where YOU want to be!
Been play four-square for like ever. This shit's intense.
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest, Smartest, Has The Best Smile is Da BEST R&B Singer Of Em All? Hands Down.
Clearwire CEO: 'There remains a gap' between Clearwire and Sprint Clearwire ( NASDAQ:CLWR ) reported gains in subscribers during its thir
So much respect for Taylor Swift.
A MEN.
RT this if you love 23rd St in the spring! What a day!
Third day of shooting with a famous person has, surprisingly, made me even less famous.
I can't tell if this update has stopped running or is just thinking very hard...kinda like my brain today too.
all boarded and ready to depart Denver for the quick road trip to Rochester.
nice to google meet you!
So my Internet is being stupid. Grr,
Congrats on A Drop of the Hard Stuff winning the Award for Best Novel: Legend.
Spotify is not available in the USA. Not so surprising...
KJo is the Fillmaf of poker!
You Of Course!! ;D
thx what's up?
u dyed ur hair?
Shared questioning skills & techniques with an experienced organizational coach. Educators have much to offer other professions.
tony hawk rules
Geez, where are all these funny pics of us coming from?!
. 1045 days to be precise. It's possible you missed something, can't remember though.
hiya jay!! Can't wait to see you lot perform in Chicago!! Bye :) x
Sorry to anyone who might have clicked on those bunk urls. For future reference, if I suddenly sound like a tween girl, I been hacked.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb but how well you bounce.
lol that's pretty funny.
omg what are you nutso
Pretty little liars is intense. Wish I didn't have night class Monday
Started "Wrinkle in Time" without my daughter. Couldn't wait.
Concerned about who is getting what for Christmas.
I could go for a Twinkie right now. there so fucking delicious
... not so easy when it means big change
Nice recovery by Marmol.
Back is a little better, still need a few drugs to get anything done...I think we may change coffee to Friday...
LETS GO DODGERS *CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP*
We just went to the movie "Salmon Fishing in Yemen" and interestingly enough it was quite a nice surprise!
Why does housekeeping start knocking on doors before 10am???
are u still rapping ?
biggest reaction is always Sheriff Clarke on the horse in the Tosa parade. Not sure if he goes to others.
In all honesty, all archivists should follow He's all over the listservs, and he has some great ideas!
you should use my guy. Two emails and done.
Joline Blais: I teach design and new media; it's natural to be a permaculturalist which requires good design to succeed
Manifest tomorrow. 5:45pm hits the stage. Free show so come on out.
1st upset of the tournament!
Pennsylvania > Florida. I need to be around people that don't get fed by silver spoons and understand living modestly & working for stuff
I AM watching some good football.
My fave brands here tweet information - not just frequent self promotion.
Good. Finally.
cause you never realized it that until you saw that image... make you look at kids a different way now
If you are a normal human being, focus may be the most significant quality you need to succeed in most things.
are you ready?
Ahaha My Dad Just Came Out On The Radio Lol ^....^
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;P
oh whooooaaaaaaaa oh
I'm good! Busy at work with the summer exhibit trying to keep the To Do list from exceeding the length of the paper. But TGIF!
people to fail. I am trying to help them become the best thinkers and writers they can be.
Aww that was sweet! Thank you! What part of the world do u live in?
Probably the best Christmas ever. Low-key and perfect.
That awkward moment when a sixth grader can curl hair better then you.
" Oh yeah I have that interview thing tomorrow -.-" good luck:) you will do great
funny guys are so sexy
Such a little love. :) <3
:D RT : Woohoo! 50,175. That makes me 7/7 for #NaNoWriMo wins; I've won over half of all that have ever been held.
and the smell apparently!
Ricco may be as funny... Without the impressions.
English is a horriable class. My teacher is mean :(
I've got a name in mind but we'll have to see if it fits her. Will keep you posted. Hitting the road now.
anywhere you can park near Sheraton Hotel & Marina? Hundreds of museum pros there for a conference--will be hungry!
Thanks! That's very cool!
Seriously! And on a night when I had to get up early for work. Running on 3 hrs sleep now. :(
Jose andres is chilling in front of David Bradley's
I had to decide between Frankfurt and SXSW. I hope I made the right decision. See you in Texas!
RT interview for the Takers movie now up on mysoflo.com Leave a comment for your FREE MOVIE PASSES to see it next week!
Hope you had a great time! Did you find a potential new truck?
:/ imy too. We still have to do what we planned around Christmas break! Lol.
39Chocolate Fountains For Scrumptious Chocolate Fondue- chocolate fountain
Yesterday Danika Patrick became the 1st woman to lead a lap @ the Daytona 500
Also, don't forget if you are not using #tweetchat to include the #creativereads hashtag ~Thx!
the alex gordon not like the jabroni luis salazar
I don't like his ugly ass;
Make sure you get out to the to see roast the from Show starts at 8.
what room is m&t breakfast in? Left program in my room:(
This little grl hit her big ass head we was ctfu
I have the amazing opportunity tomorrow night to see you in a meet and greet studio session. I'm so flippin excited!
thank you for covering the presser on #sewergate - gross hashtag, important issue!
RT : RT Don't miss "Easter Ministry Partner Night" tonight at 7pm at , Vision from , & Giveaways!
understatement of the century. $& isn't that manipulative and self-involved.
Unfinished Ipe Hardwood Flooring 3/4" x 5" in-stock ...going fast.
This is how it's gonna go down... NIT tournament. Opening weekend. Louisville playing in Freedom Hall. On the big blue UK floor...
haha sweet! you get them?
Baby you're the best part of my day #WithYou -Chris Brown
ok, you watch Smash, right? Missed last week's... what happened to Ivy?
I love cereal! <3
One does not simply join my social network...
life is meant to be lived!... do it while u can!...
If they had worked their butts off at home they would be grateful for the opportunity to come back.
Example 1: the gluttony of thanksgiving a holiday founded on the principle lie that the victor cares for those he slaughtered on the way up
whoooooow heck yes! ;D not planning on ending the party till fall lol thanks!
Thanks, James! Hope you're having a great day.
We already had our pass pick-up event last Saturday! Did you not see the posts about it?
9 more fan page LIKES and we hit 9000!
Yohan Blake - 200m - 19.26 Will there be an *? I'm dubious. That is a major time drop of .52 seconds.
You know we'll wait for your humps sometimes the wait makes it even better! ; )
good luck to wise capra
Electric-car prowess eludes China&#39;s grasp
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit drinking. CC
Feel better though, friend.
Hey, a w is a w and UL has beaten the #1 team twice. Beating UL doesn't help win the SEC. Congrats. Enjoy it.
talks w/ >>>>> I wouldnt trade her for anything
Seriously, , you have no idea how much time your incompetence costs me and all of DC.
Maybe we didn't haha.. Your name seemed familiar...
thanks for the follow!
So the Lawrie comparisons to Pete Rose make sense?
Excited to hear the news: 5th annual InfoCamp Seattle will be Oct 8 & 9 at UW! Follow for official updates.
It may be a little early, but it's looking more and more likely that we'll see a Miami Heat/OKC Thunder NBA Finals. We shall see...
Time to turn off the weather channel and head to dinner. Can't watch #tornados anymore. Will rely on twitter pics.
This is tweet #1000: A raised glass to and future technologies of collective opportunity to come.
I have no voice at all. Its worse than yesterday
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
saved a life, made a life.
Burfict to the browns! Burfict to the browns!!! I want burfict!
remember tahira said that to you
I'll try
and to the rescue!!!! finally i can ditch this flip phone and get one with at least a keyboard!
so like I love you but I live in America :(
join us for a sandwich! or some homemade soup or salad? we're serving up great meals +focusing on sustainability in
No one can arrive from being talented alone. God gives talent; work transforms talent into genius. ~Anna Pavlova
First celebrity sighting since I've moved to LA: complete! Wanda Sykes at Paradise Cove Beach Cafe in Malibu!
Omg that would be HORRIBLE I've searched some fucked up Shit lol
u trippin dude
Yea I think my theory is right, y'all ladies is nuts from the womb to the tomb
Thanks for all the follows the last couple of days! My life will be quite busy the next few weeks but I will try to visit here. -douggieb
Werking hard in the studio on my way to pick up my studio headphones
Two hours into a #chi2012 writing marathon. I feel like I should tell the incoming students to run for their lives, but I'm having a blast.
God morning everyone!!! :D
It's #biketoworkweek. Will you be taking advantage of it?
Lavender lemonade-crush 1/4 c lavender flowers w 1/4 c sugar or agave, squeeze 6 lemons, add a lotta H20 & ice, stir & sweeten to taste.
I don't choke girls.......... unless she asks me too
I raise my glass to to on being elected to the #Broncos Ring of Fame.
Having an interesting change of consciousness writing the free chapter of Framing Real - are your looks your calling card or everything?
that's gota be it. I watched it in my French class last year. It was so nice, so different from American films. Refreshing even
I am on my way RT : I need a serious stress reliever....
Super busy with school & stuff. Three more weeks! :-)
I 100% admit that I was going off on a tangent.
Sounds like Aaron is buying you a new blouse that is the only way to teach him consequences
me daddy lol
An ideal homework excuseTeacher: Where is your homework?Pupil: I was mugged on the way to school and the mugger took everything I had
Happy birthday Claudia!!!
Hope is emotional. Immediate help is tangible. #Hope is good for the soul, but immediate help is necessary for the body to survive.
Ah. Chekhov done. No theatre for a while. Back to thrival job for a while and to figure out where I'm going to move to...
Yup! Radio for a month. One and done? WHO!
no matter how many times i watch the same episode of cougar town...i still laugh out loud
Congrats on the new gig. Looking forward to hearing you both more.
Discover businesses near you right now with Google Places - and grab a cup of coffee at the best restaurant you find!
yay!!!! I won't be home, but ill check it out as soon as a I get a free 5 minutes!
Yes I said wheele
No one ever shows love for the Spurs.
Seems the only way you can hit every traffic light green in LA is to run from the cops in a tow truck.
Thank you so much for the sweet review! It really made our day. <3
Think I need to get my 3 year old some warmer clothes for her first opening day.Her #Tribe gear is all skirts. Clothes shopping daddy style.
About to go to bed. Last night was amazing even tho I went trick or treating in the rain and got like no candy it was worth it <3
thanks! I took a gander at your website. Great resource! Bookmarked and will be shared.
RT : can we please? And can we also have a car wash or something to get you a new iPod?
can i rub it and make u feel better
your welcome
Been away so long! What did I miss?
would you say your question was remediated as if you were present?
Getting out of downtown before rush hour was half the battle today. Time to read and run after this last class.
I didn't know you were an Oklahoma girl!! Me too! Best to you, always!
Why have there been so many extremely sad people these last few days?
Yes. And it's a winner.
really??..who wants to hang out today?? anyone? lol..paul left me hngen aha jk anyone??lol
eeww oh god
Now finally Russell Wilson will get some more damn love in Heisman voting!!
I never stick my leg off the bed, no matter how hot it is. Because I would get eaten off.
calm your bitch ass down, nigga don't forget i made you too!
HA ! Yeah right .-. Things like this he never gets over :(
couldn't be any more happy! :)
this test fina be hard i know it but i got faith an i studied my ass off so hopefully i get a good grade
uh. promptly forgot it usually. retention is big issue
good grief
send me all the pictures of me and keke
When that one person is absent from class and its soo quiet.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everybody.
O_O what did you do to them?? Poor, violated donuts...
Happy birthday!! Congratulations on all your accomplishments & success!!
4am exterior filming, sound holding due to street cleaning! HOLDING.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 57
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
omfg i love obama so much??
Does anyone know of a tool that monitors LinkedIn?
I hate when my eyes hurt :/
It's a bitter sweet symphony
#Actors in #LA! There's a big book sale at The Actors' Network in #Weho. $1-$2 deals! 1069 N Fairfax! 11-5 today and 10-4 tomorrow.
That is sweet! Did Al Michaels sign it, too?
I have been asked by those of "that other event" I volunteer w/ to be vigelant for *any* announcement of the CTV being auctioned.
thanks can't wait be nice if u would Post the count down everyday !:)
Are you tired from running through my mind all day? ;)
go follow him!!
Winners don't quit, Quitters don't win."
There is so much to be thankful for. Have a great week everyone!
Iron Man 3 is next
I'm not sure why I decide to file an expense report on Monday morning. Apparently I have too much optimism.
watching (kinda) a Chris Rock stand-up comedy show
Gretchen, Stop trying to make fetch happen.
Thank you!
- nice job! Now you need to come do a fund raising event in Pittsburgh!
Welcome to the new follows! You guys rock. Happy Sunday.
Guess we won't be seeing a Siva massive open online course? :)
Happy Opening Day! Such a great day of baseball!
Wiz Khalifas tweets are SO CORNY..omg i can't even
you you you ! negro I'm so tired of playin phone tag wit yo azz
When I cry, cry for me When I love, Just Love me When I say goodbye, fight for me When I hurt, Come back to me. -Asiaskye
Thanks mom for fuccing, my pops without a rubber!! Nipsey voice....
Arunas Chesonis told an audience of #Brockport students today that he failed organic chemistry as a frosh. Got an A when he retook it.
it's FASCINATING. PS: You have to do #quotaproject for at least ONE day. (You have Eileen Myles on your shelf!!!)
I would just like to say, that I am incredibly happy with the way life is going right now.
Good ain't good enough...
concert was awesome la la loved it<3
Today in Literary History: On May 16, 1717 French Enlightenment writer Voltaire (known for CANDIDE) was imprisoned in the Bastille.
Happy holidays! Be sure to count your blessing
Definetly bad kissers! RT What's worse: bad kissers or bad drivers???
I'm putting all this shit on blast tonight because I'm an independent engineer who slaved at a major label studio where......
#nw Malibu's Most Wanted. This movie has me weak!!
"No offence" really means, "I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad
Well damn....
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out:First Friday of Lent? Head to the South Shore's Finest Fish Fry 414-762-8866 11a-8p
Whew! Just finished ur interview Qs. Damn boy ur questions require real answers! Enjoyed answering. Will spell check & send in am
I know. It's sucks. :( there's a price to everything now.
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Oh God, my BIG, FUCKING COCK!!!!!!!!
hi, where do I know you from?
Giant whoosh is air leaving Busch Stadium.
've got friends in the Lone Star State...good to know y'all!! Lol
jake, drake. hey. it rhymes.
I WANT A LAP DANCE FROM HIM
So beautiful :) <U+2665>
They are the real thing. They're not someone who learned a bluegrass style. They are bluegrass, bare feet and all - Vickie Tatum
Wow. The Dubliner in P&L is really, really nice. Impressed.
you beautiful love!
c ya later gotta do the same love you
“ cook me some crabs”< Is ur name ______?? No! Lol.,nah i might tomorr
lol.. museum holiday party.. and all the dirty Santa gifts are alcohol related.
All my fat goes straight to my ass.
What insideDEALS offer was your favorite?
Jammin to Color Me Badd Radio on #Pandora while I set up for garage sale tomorrow!
buuuuullllshit sir!! I honestly dont know what happened
look forward to hanging w/ you & hundreds of music fans at #sounddiego live 2morrow night
I saw a mixed gingerbaby today, & it was so unusually beautiful, but I didnt take a pic bc thats frowned upon,
done and done. and done.
all the way in paintlick?!
Check back tomorrow for information on a new auction! Proceeds to benefit Miracle on Canal Street!
fuck you . i hate you your so flaw to me now. first you tried me when i drove to margate with 2 blunts then yesterday -_-
Why is #ohio state wearing red helmets, looks wrong, dislike both these coaches. Now I sound like drew
hey Cuz! Thanks so much! We will try and get up to Buffalo soon!! Hope all is well!!
Ferris tomorrow. Playing with the big boys 2mm ;]
the real question is, was Nelly there?
yeah that's awful!! :( I threw up after I had mine pulled too!! Are you swollen?
I find it hard to cook without the help of a glass of red wine. So I don't fight it.
Happy Monday! We have another beautiful day here.
Thanks for shopping! Hope the new seat is treating you well!
I have no days to sleep in this week!
Trying to remain interested in the #Chelsea v. #QPR match.
oh hey! im fine, thank you. And, how are you?
word muah i love talking to u girl i feel so much better than when i started
Headed to the lovely city of #Denver #Colorado and meeting up with the #event speakers & musicians! Wow! This will be awesome! #gratitude!
I sure wish I had someone to wine and dine for valentines day..but then again nothin else make my dick hard like countin cash
Oh I SO love that.
#GWAS or get deported back to Mexico
How does one get their car out of a small parking garage during a power outage? I'll find out here in a moment. - No power on Cap. Hill
came here in 3rd grade in 1970. Is there an "almost" list? Otherwise my pooch Scout qualifies as a #sxsnative!
I agree, but its a question of whether they want to give up on their supposed franchise QBs. Cap could be a problem too.
I don't get why it's time to move on when he has a year of eligibility left, wants to play, and bleeds Crimson.
I hope you guys enjoyed the Tselepos Mantinia Moschofilero!!!
Still young! RT : is tru; still figuring shit out in my late 30s. But I know more now [than then]. I guess that the process!
No problem! ;)
We better not be going outside in gym next period.
call me when you can
compare GA tracking a video _gaq.push(['_trackEvent','Videos','Play','My Movie']) vs "s.linkTrackVars='eVar42';s.eVar42='Vid'
My Dad and best friend, , won't answer my phone call. Stop being assholes, guys.
There is something wrong with being up this early and not drinking green beer
I can tweet anything about a sign & people will believe it & say "Wow so true!" You people are so gullible!
Bruschi was a mainstay on a team that won 3 Super Bowls in 4 years.
Bullshit don't make me go in the house and spend the rest of the night with my wife. Let's have some fun people!
I think he can still make it good but I do not want Adam Levine to get casted
Happy Thursday! What's going on with you today?
Beverly Church: first step is knowing what table to use - in MySQL, can query the information_schema.columns table
a beautiful day like today reminds me how lucky I am to live in Portland
Be ready to tell your key highlights from college career: clubs, organizations, charities and internship/work experience.
“: When men stop being assholes, I'll stop being a bitch #sorrynotsorry”
I'm looking at bikes portion of Seattle craigslist & there's a Campagnolo belt buckle up there... Things are looking good
thanks for the follow. hope you like the movie!
no, , I ate dinner 3 times tonight..
PE opened for the Beastie Boys during the license to ill tour and that was my first ever concert I was in the 7th grade
This is 's time to shine!! Lol she's got this<3
To forgive is 2 set a prisoner free & discover that the prisoner was U ~ Lewis B Smedes
RT : Can someone please drug me with powerful sleep aids and wake me when the Pinterest-fest is over? Thanks.
Only thing I can provide to a smoke session is the food... that's all I'm worth.
Dont be fooled! Unemployment #s are rigged RT Record 1.2M FALL OUT Of Labor Force... drudge.tw/yJZNOX
At BS
:) that's def what I'm leaning toward.. all suggestions seem to point that way :)
OK, im giving my phone back to be DJ.
like what i heard can link up some artis with your sounds need a link to your tracks!! and follow back
Worked 12 days straight through, harder then I've ever worked in my life. But it feels great haha
Wednesdays are best for me.
It made perfect sense!
If you leave the booth saying, "We'll fix that in the mix down." Do it again
Facebook makes you hate people you actually know. Twitter makes you love people you've never met.
People like you <<<<<
Wow! I need to keep up with my followers! Thanks so much!
Happy birthday, Locu! Cheers to many more.
We should really play boyfriend at Vicki's
Just got through listening to the Chris Pearson vs. GPL interview. Chris definitely embarrassed himself, that said, his argument is legit.
Glad you like 'em!
Anti-Valentines day party at my hotel room! Whos down? Lets get chocolate wasted! Lol
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE. RT : Can we still keep though?
how old do you think he is?
Part of why I love Lil B so much is that he pisses so many people off, and it's fucking funny.
": The Browns will find Mohammed Massaquoi's replacement today."< Thank you Jesus!
Brand New Clip, Brand New 9 Brand New Snitch, Brand New Ride Brand New Weed, Brand New High Brand New Me Meet The Brand New Guys
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(:
Potash: Domestic violence survivors acts pending in NY and NJ.
Must now go have sushi
did it work?
Ask Style: How to Stand Out Minus the Sequins? I 'm starting to think of what I want to wear to the holiday parties, but I 'm so not a se
Live Life Reckless Killing Shit
I hate when I make a cup of tea and a bug decides to go swimming in it...
I'm "On the Scene" in the Dec. 22 issue of Las Vegas CityLife: "WELCOME TO WOODSTOCK."
Turning the heat up to 80 this month when we leave the house. Roommate is onboard.Hopefully it will earn more points on www.earthaid.net
I vote you read it out loud. I'll come listen to time it and applaud at the appropriate places. way to engage with your topic ;)
Just gonna say though that I think OWS is very important and I am GLAD it is happening. It showed me that change is possible.
how about elway and the broncos? They were pretty poor before him..
do you think he is a basement baby? Living in moms basement and making the rest up? His logic is hard to follow.
My man, Scott Brooks better be spitting his best speech ever. The Thunder are devastated right now.
Motivate - Fortune favors the brave.
Dr. Maddow, i will print/hand paint any thing you wish on a t-shirt because t-shirts are my 1st amendment!
we need a better way for good renters to find good landlords
One of the things I miss the least after leaving the radio business is the ridiculous holiday hours. Many props to you, sir.
when we gone make my mix tape!!!
#TROGwar The War on Stupid, pick a side: Troglodytes protecting status quo, imposing religious Beliefs OR Fact & Science-based Greater Good.
so glad! Sarah & I want to figure out how to come out and collaborate on something. Artists in residence. Hm.
For the love of Christ, will somebody explain to me why it would be NECESSARY to tweet during a play. That's the part I can't figure out.
you da best
Get swept
seems like the were just babies.
The address for the Voces de la Frontera and MICAH meeting tomorrow is 3022 W. Wisconsin Avenue in Milwaukee.
Why does coffee taste so damn good even though I'm not allowed to drink it?
bron made up for the flop
try smarties too.
just awful! : Honestly, that might have been one of the worst decisions I've ever seen any person make.
After I bought the new iPad, I sold my old one to They emailed me the prepaid shipping label.
You should always respect your parents' wishes.
Thanks for the RT!
Last day to check the Slivka, Jordan exhibit. Open 12-6p. Then stick around for Java for Justice with Rebuilding the Wall.
apologizes, and then immediately tries to tug at your heartstrings "did you know ads support our programming? think of the children!"
Everyone go follow !(:
awr! thanx a lot for the FF shout. I've not been tweetin' and blogging much lately, but hoping to get caught up soon!
Holy crap, Chris Russo has a twitter!
I luv that scarf!!!
Put this d*ck on her nose, now she cockeyed.
Ah, $2 Bombs all night long at Big Bar.
I forgot that today was my 3 year twitter anniversary! Can't believe I've been spilling random thoughts to strangers for 3 longs years. Wtf.
Do you need a new website? do you value accessibility? message me
love isn't a game, so why cheat ?
Protecting the Skin and the Planet: Weleda and Sierra Club Canada Give Young ... - Canada NewsWire (press release)
:) and avoid the child that commented on our photo, he's a pain-__-
what's the website to watch free tv episodes
Youth Games is for intellectually disabled youth ages 7-18(-21 HS students). A great opportunity to intro your children to Special Olympics!
RT if you think your cute...
proves, with $100 bills, that women are less likely to jump over chairs for funding.
I can see a lot of light in you.
I think I wanna read the hunger games
... Come on now..how can a guy not pace the infamous for a couple miles or so???
His last Tango was so steamy! Can't wait 2 c it again RT Go Donny!He's dancing the tango tonight.No rose in the teeth, brother.
Hope everyone is enjoying break! It's pretty quiet here in Thompson now.
and a Happy New Year to you!
MRT : Rally Guthrie4Sheriff! No other good man like Lou!
Put me on that flight “: I bet you can find a flight to OKC for $10.00”
dont tweet me
you are vegan?
you are the H.B.I.C. Head Bitch In Charge!!
I don't know this guy, but his song wins! Haha. That's my ringtone.
#Oomf is just salt cause i cant fit them in my schedule.
I think some people just blocked me on Twitter. Beep beep bitch ima fuxking text u
reserves play Red Bulls reserves at 3:30pm on Sunday at Widener University's Quick Stadium. It's free and open to all.
to much fucking go down last night?
Who is Oscar de la Hoya?
meh iunno hun :c ii can let you sleep if you want?
I was thinking more demographically/sociologically, but the methodology point is a good one.
I got BIG plans for my bday! Can't wait to see how everything comes out! to be continued.
Masterpiece, 1962 MUSEUM WRAP CANVAS Print With Added ...
So thankful to be featured as one of Time Magazine's 5 Next Big Things-- #hungergames are real and a 25cent meal is the best weapon.
Evening light is my favorite.
Charlotte niggas eat butt. End. I WIN!
What do you mean by 'directed'?
hahah omg we totally need to hang out one day!
Trying to squash a rumour is like trying to unring a bell. ~ Shana Alexander
Call me again! So sorry totally didnt hear it!
yea I'd b starving too... What time is it where ur at??? Nah I'm good!! :) Haha...
GET YOUR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN BE INTERNET FAMOUS.
Remember to play after the storm. -- Mattie
AH My laptops dying! gtg peeps! Peace out
Apparently #SportingKC GK Nielsen didn't get enough stretching before the game?
=( why alone
Strange day
we absolutely did! love the trick where you add a "+" to a bit.ly link to see the stats. Slick! And can't wait to play w/ Daytum!
Any idea of the success rates of the students who place into higher level courses after prepping for test
At least the thought of seeing at RCL next weekend makes me happy. :')
they're in my office now
ONE-LINER: Save water ? take a bath with your neighbour's daughter.
What's your favorite workout song?“: Eyes by Kaskade”
Sale still going on today 50% off everything!! Open till' 5. Come stop by!!
What kind of soup should I make with my leftovers? I usually do turkey pozole...but maybe turkey noodle? Or turkey chili? Any recipes?
I won't argue with that
Salsa at Madrigall - Every Thursday 1627 Oak St KCMO just south of the Power and Light District - the coolest Salsa venue in Kansas City!
only one DBMS supported
But then again I wouldn't know.
In classroom bored af
:D You Love Madison.!<3 And I Love Vinny.!<3
#datanewoil why big data comes to the forefront is because our "data exhaust" is ever bigger and more traceable
Know, first, who you are; and then adorn yourself accordingly. ~Epictetus
Intriguedly jealous! MT Inhotim (Brazil) was absurdly cool, one of the best contemporary art experiences I've had, ever.
you are are a bad singer you sound like a cat eating a dying cow... don't sing
looking for new female 1 take vocalist?..inbox
Listening to "Fire to the rain" by and thinking back on riding in the car with and her singing it.
Fair enough - but do believe that we've only scrapped the surface. Just saw a really interesting demo.
: are u serious? Catch the fucking ball!
Dwyane Wade is more of a diver than any soccer player and he gets away with it 5 times a game.
Some people are just idiots :/
I'm not a bot I only play one on TV. LOL
search. Twitter.com most powerful tool on web
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Between The Sheets Old School. H-Town songs
#MyBiggestFlaw is letting myself go lower than others. I have high standards for myself, so why do I find excuses to bend them?
Highway to the Danger Zone
hopefully your professor is a woman
hey hey! You ready for the Event tomorrow?
kickin it old school w/ beatnuts!
Life is great isn't it? :) A case of beer always kills a case of Mondays on a Tuesday! haha
Reason #1 to buy a waterproof ipod: I was even approached by this hot girl and asked me where i got this. I ended up taking her number :)
Indeed - Saturday House was mentioned on the opposite page.
I'm being punished for drinking your Dr. Pepper with terrible insomnia!
New season. Same formula: 1. Packers score. 2. Celebrate by throwing candy. 3. Repeat. Share, retweet, scrawl above the urinals at Lambeau!
There is light at the end of the tunnel. Graduation from JHU museum studies pgm will be in May 2011. Wahoo!
ooohhh! I can't even guess what it is!
indeed, how's NorCal?
I'll bring it later;-)
“: Shout out to the homie follow him!”
Hi Carol, we lost touch, but "Houston. It's Worth It" would like to send you something. Can you dm us with your mailing address?
CE purchases up, apparel down - see what other industry-specific trends our data uncovered for the 2011 holiday shopping season...
Thanks again to Seattle EMP chair , Renee Gervais, and for a great resume building workshop!
That was so much fun! Next weekend more filming for "The Device"
lol liar but I wouldn't be surprised if she got that bumpersticker!
Naw. I just talked to Jude Law about it. He said it was cool.
Go follow :)
Is it still considered dartying? Lol
I wonder what would look like in 80's clothes hmm.. He'd probably have swagge like a Jedi ;)
Swallow cliff in the morning making those stairs and hill my bitch.
Not many are talking about RGV's 'Department '. He should have hired some one who can act well with Amitabh Bachchan.
How are men like parking spaces? All the good ones are taken and the rest are handicapped!
Brewster Kahle and Jason Scott are my heroes for the day.
matters when we prove we have the best fans around #inyourface #InfluencerInsanity #Badgers :)
Perfect. I have a meeting tomorrow night but maybe we could meet afterward for some vino + catch up?
Selma and Patty- they are hilarious.
Crazy day in #mlb... good for #pujols (and his agent) but i see this deal backfiring well before 10 years is up...
Blessedgang! Denver,co
Congrats Mavs! Now the city of Dallas needs 2 do what championship cities do...burn stuff & vandalize cars. #I'llNeverUnderstandWhyPplDoThat
- good point! I use twitter through - so I don't always remember to go use all the functionality of the main site.
Never shout never time travel yes my life is right now perfect yay:-)
Another weekend thwarted by the weather, why does the week always have to be such a tease?!
yea watched the Lakers game..home in bed...what u doing?
Question: Even in internal documents, do you put the exclamation point on Yum? I'm curious.
my grandpa #aafaal gave me my first lesson on the family tree and where it all began
Hope u joined Mr.Thunder&others 4 da 10th annual walk starting :00 PM on 96th & Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbs&do something useful
Sanchez bailed Tello out there because he fluffed his chance again. Needs to be subbed I think.
Moving or remodeling in Napa,Ca? Check out IDSNapa!!!
You have a great day to!
how many people think my big strong soldier brother is a chicken for not trying Gator meat??? i vote yup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you must've really needed THAT ride at THAT time. Clearly he's not up on almond it rice milk. Eww
nah, i will pun you to death :)
Now I don't even want to get ready
BLESS EVERYONE'S SOUL.
“Access to information in the absence of critical thought is a dangerous recipe.” –Diane Lapp
Good Friday is trending. Damn! Thats nuts! I wonder who got that trending? Was it Rebecca Black? I bet it was Rebecca Black, dude
Had an amazing mtg w/ administrators at Travis HS about Excited that young men are taking an active involvement in Education.
I hate crying, but right now I feel its necessary /:
call time: 5:45 am then its a wrap on THE CURE ALL BLUES! next up - TIMES LIKE THESE. on set photos soon to come!
RT The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.~Franklin
When I was a kid, (aside from my mom) I thought Jayne Kennedy and Lynda Carter we're the most beautiful women ever.
Hi Hass, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Yup RT I love watching Premier League football. But at least 53% of my love is the announcers. I wish those guys called the NFL.
Are you still here? Or do you want to pick the wine up in Belltown?
Can't wait to try the ribs and brisket tonight!
It's #LaEsquina time!!! Best tacos in New York...yum!
amazing napkin art! I'm still going strong, not letting the #sxswproblems stop me!
Watching AGT, hoping for iLuminate to win, but I wish all of them the best.
Shorting a basket of stocks with a reserve is like the football Giants. Must have nerve and wait for the opportunities to exploit.
Just had the worst customer service experience EVER on airlines.13 hours in Newark airport, no hotel, no compensation.
oh ye as h watt he ask about rio
I've been in the "try new things" mood lately, and it's pretty hit or miss. Tonight, luckily is a hit: Torrontes wine. Yum.
would youu count EVERYDAY as a special occasion ... ?
I've been told that I'm the most awesome person ever… by the voices in my head.
Brewer game on a Tuesday v. the Dodgers? Yes, yes I think I will.
Who am I to judge the Caps. I haven't showered and just ordered a sub from a place I can see from my window.
come smoke a cig with me ma nigga :/
Trees falling from the sky!
I watched the Superbowl yesterday. I was terribly disappointed. Someone should've told me it was a football game.
weird, u read my mind!!!! hahaha
I feel like a fucking bitch. /:
I'm following you now
Look within. Be still. Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way. Buddha
You need a LB philly. Worst LB group last year BY FAR.
Happy birthday milwaukee!
Really??? RT : knows everybody LBS, I was in a meeting yesterday and the brought u and your company up, love it!
Free tix to hear the #1 Bus Coach in the world (Literally!) Register at www.businessisboomingtour.com with ticket code KK001
cannot wait till Nathan comes home!
sup wit them mario powerups tho?
Also, bought plug converters today. Boy, that was an adventure.
#NFL Pats in line for the one seed. We like this around these parts
Give in to the temptation! We'll save a seat for you.
Just registered for Conference! I can't wait for October :)
Will do, thanks for sending and enjoy your evening.
Hi Deanna! Nice to meet you too.
What a HUGE 3 days for #USC filmmakers!!! I am so proud of my filmmaking colleagues, my friends. :) We have grown together!!
": #Aries are good teachers and very demonstrative. They will show you exactly how to pop and grind."
We're there in spirit! Wish we could be hanging out with all of you today!
of course...and thanks for the compliment! Yes indeed...things happen...
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
#TheHungerGames is AmAzInG!!!
Hey! With my job/other work I wouldnt be able2commit to writing a viable academic paper.I do have some from ug but I may go
If you're looking for a cool Vegas hang tonight . . . check out Rick Faugno's amazing show at The Lounge at The Palms! Show starts at 10!!
let's go! Whats the news!
is smacking on that gum and saying " You f'in with the best" during the stare down #hilarious !!!!!
Yooo wake your ass up and pick up your phone! Let's play ball
-Whirlpool Duet HE Washer amp Gas Dryer- - whirlpool duet
all these sexy british/irish boys invading the us music scene, i can't take it
By selfsame definition of Standard Model if Higgs Boson gives mass to other particles then it is not elementary. Logical enough.
Live music tonight from 730-930pm. Clifford Kauffman Duo (guitar and percussion)
It's not the quantity it's the quality & you've got that in spades.
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it resembles the first.
lol of course not
Yes my crush Ian mad at me anymore! Booya!
watching the steelers WIN
Now Iman Shumpert and D.Rose is out of the running do you think that this shakes the playoffs up at all??
Must needed win today. Must stay ahead of ManCity. Glory glory ManU!!!
Choose to do a random act of kindness today and everyday...Choices are endless. BE CHOOSEY!!
they never showed who died or if both did?!
Thanks for the follow - love your book so much I'm considering giving it to every member of my family for Christmas.
I have 48 hours till my next shift at cheesecake. I will take what I can get so let the mini vacation begin
Sasha at the vet. Came home to her eyes and snout VERY swollen, and has been ill since yesterday morning. Fingers crossed they see her today
Omfg his voice is beautiful
but who said we just trend Brazil things, we trend other things too! you just don't see it
USF Bulls lose a heart-breaker last night, hopefully it'll be enough for the big dance later this month. I think they might be short.
Some stunning numbers being thrown out there with the Facebook IPO:
inspires after a
Totally. When I looked up, it was like I had almost forgotten about them, "Hey stars, long time, no see!"
Charity and I decided that I fit into Hawaii. Rocking no shirt and my trucker hat all day long!
I wish I had an almond snicker also, they are so my favorite. LOL luv ya
Grant Gibbs former Zag!!! Henson showing how soft he is already. Lol. What a baby.
[4] ... in bringing an ancient people back from the brink of annihilation is the Western radical left’s worse nightmare. [after Barry Rubin]
I gotta get used to my channels again , I still got the UMES ones in my head...
what can you do?
Salted Edamame with Roasted Garlic and Herbs #delicious, Salad #garlic #snack #summer #hawaii #edamame #fresh #food #best edamame recipe
Quality over quantity ALWAYS unless you have a lot of injuries or are desperate!
thanks goes that Duke life?
Good luck RT : In 3 weeks, I'll be starting work 's office in DC!! Couldn't be more excited.
crying my eyes out... i miss my baby cousin <U+2665> :(
you are sick.
Aways having fun relationship >>>>>
My best friend Baily binnix is the most beautiful, smart, funny, #epicgirl I have ever met in my life. NO LIE
#gypsy is at 15th & Q right now! Will be here for at least an hour! Come shop! :)
It doesn't make sense for a person to say " I hate when people act so immature" then they next day they say/do something stupid af. -_-
Absolutely - it was fantastic! Come on by any time, we'd love to see you!
Will now go by Princessa Latina from now on. Thank you
Bored. Rt this if ur in a relationship. Pluse mention me and hurry
A new edition of the WAVE magazine is in production! Have news you'd like to share with your fellow Dolphins? Send info to
I hate it when I'm walking and texting and mannequins scare the shit out of me.
Thanks, Dee!
if I ever figure it out, I'll tell you.
I'm in. First base
Hahaha come visit me in Boston and you'll get to go to cool things ;) also check your text messages! I texted you Karmin!
Tonight on 10, Soldiers coming home to their families in Boone, plus WDM is drumming up their own farmer's mkt.
Happy birthday to the greatest dad !
RT What the ??? We can fix this in under an hour. Can we please get the votes up!?!?
I hate constantly being reminded about something over and over again. I. Heard. You. The. First. Time!!!!! D:<
So, a client searching for cosmetics in a department store might have to go to 5 different counters and receive 5 different consultations.
i hate it too!! haha the acting is terrible, it's so cheesy! but both the songs are good ones! ps- really excited too! :)
Come enjoy our daily Chef’s feature for only $9 and don’t forget about our Lunch Club cards, after 9 lunches the 10th is on us!
Monroe coach Dale Buvid is sporting one hell of a shiner around his left eye. Said he took a liner to the face during BP on Saturday.
": I am wearing the cutest sailor dress today thanks to ..."...OMG!! ME TOO!!!
Shaking my head at your rudeness and stupidity. Were you raised by wolves?
Stumbling off the LAX red eye-it's "The First Grader's" producer Richard Harding and actor/producer Sam Feuer
FOLLOWERS! What's up? Give us a listen on Facebook and like us on Facebook if you like pop rock! :)
love your style!
I hope you get some patrons in adorable costumes!
The way the Phillies are playing right now, it wouldn't surprise me.
Valentine's Love to some seriously great RT'ers! and
Emailed u...not sure if u got it...what's the good word??
Do you nurture your knack for adventure?
Ill be 20 next month lls
Oh hush you are not!
that's wassup man... #Like both tracks!!! Any vids out? #weedropweerock!!!
www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.com get your hair right now for 2011
Really tired of leaving voice mails
it got me laughing aha
whether your talking shit about me or saying how much you love me remember your still talking about me and im always on your mind (:
there's a bunch of jerks and players and ugly boys where i live!
Do you mind ?
I legit would do it. Idk I'm screwed up in the head but if I had the chance I would actually be hitler for a day
Two out of three #diabetics can die from a #heart attack or
Everybody falls down, not everybody rise/Not everybody talks, but everybody lies/Not everybody lives, but everybody dies
lol how's the life lol you pretty Much say it all on fb lol
Down with the Cubbies tonight!
takes stage at Heaven! in the house!
Thank you to all volunteers and those of you bringing in donations! We appreciate all the time you've dedicated to the shelter!
Not that I am unhappy about that....
Digital East 2011 has a few final spots on their demo showcase, which gives startups an opp to discuss their biz. Know anyone?
are you going to school tommorow?
#MicroStation Is there a way to push multiple data set tags with just one Design File having (x) sheet models? No 3D models.
when will season 2 of workaholics be on Netflix?
you can't control your emotions
hey David, follow us? Luv ya! -Ashley
Anyone using Active Trail for email marketing?
Announcement: I'll be hosting my own radio show in #Boston beginning in June. Seeking your creative ideas on show name & tagline...
I have no choice but to do well success is staring me right in the face
MF got me fucked up out here
yes that's an answer..and it's a good one!
I have a crazy headache
next Friday I meant! sorry :-/
Headed home to Denver on . Lots of readers on board. The Hunger Games book seems quite popular.
Whether in Miami today was Very bipolar
Wow #Memphis how did you do that?
seriously, not like she feeds us real food when she's around anyway lol
I have a feeling I'm gonna wanna change clothes again when I get there :-) nothing new lol
Just swam 100 laps!! Feels so good!!
Maybe blocking future potential opponents? Creighton a potential matchup in Vegas. No way Bo lets him go to a B1G school
That depressing moment when you get in one little & your mom gets scared so you move in with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air
Twitter stop randomly unfollowing people. Please? Thanks.
Foreclosure Discounted -- Las Vegas NV Foreclosures - (Las Vegas / South West) 702-518-6567
Today is #Free Tuesday! Come on down. We're in beautiful
Check out the website!! W.conferencecenter.com
I doubt it... but u neva no
Wish work was closer so I didn't waste so much gas.
dealing with Sprint customer service, fixing something their customer service messed up previously. Seriously, why is it so hard?
I'm boring, I know I am. -__-
Argh!!! #daveheart I need a transcript of tonight's inspirational message!!!!!!!! Or could you repeat it all again S-L-O-W-L-Y
This storm is awesome
thank you for the RT!
Cute boy on train asks me out. I tell him I'm listening to "what you want" by Mandy Moore. He left without my number.
someone text me? this thunder <<<
lol true everyone else up here are lames & don't know how to have fun
Bistro Bar 333 was OpenTable.com's Dinner's Choice wniner of 2010! Get $40 worth of food and drink for just $20 on www.crowdclick.com!
Presentation tomorrow for ela, wish me luck!
93 degrees in Connecticut. In April. Unacceptable Mother Nature!
Looking forward to Session 1 of #ldsconf. Hearing the words of the Prophet and Apostles is a spiritual refresher.
give and take give and take give and take
Audio, Pictures and Videos coming soon!
: Aight I sent something to it
Prospecting in Austin since I'll be there Friday for Duff's 40th. Holla!
RT : The money is the motive.
My coworker just said "that's not your hair!" Yes, it is, every foot!
Are you an #iSchool (MLS, MIM, etc) student looking for paid, part-time library-type work in DC? I'm hiring an intern. DM for details.
Because of #MayDay??
I need someone D.T.F ! (: dedicated, trustworthy & faithful. <3
STOP STOP STOP....(PAUSE) KNUCKLE UP BOI, KNUCKLE UP BOI!!!
Hope everyone is having a great Friday!
WOW is simply on fire
ANN: looking for devs in PDX. New web project, all exp. levels to collaborate on all aspects, prob java server-side. ping this name at gmail
Hilton Head!
Running to the computer to see new video!
Holiday Safety Tips -Avoid wearing expensive jewelry, Shop during daylight hours whenever possible. Do not carry a purse or wallet, if poss.
haha as an expert at losing money gambling, i'd say you made a good choice.
"Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do." ~Albert Gray #business #leadership via :
guys go ask questions! #askjamie!! <3
Calm, beautiful day to be out on East Bay. Kayak anyone?
It's global beach clean up day, head outside and get involved!
i would like both of you to know i will be in chicago from the 15th - 18th of march. #stationeryreunion please?
Holy Cow! My wife is on Twitter! RT : see pics of our Easter morn: kids brilliant in church today for hr+ service
Congrats on a successful evening!!
Ha. It was pretty cool. I'm about to buy plane tic. Flying into Tampa Bay..flying out of..um???? Where?! ORlando?
Well, so far today I've eaten nothing but pureed food. I <3 my food processor
you have an amazing...well pretty much everything<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It's an absolutely beautiful day for a Cruise-In! What better way to spend the evening?
Happy Jason Voorhees day!!<U+E11B><U+E11B><U+E11B><U+E11B>
RT : dynamic speaker at #cbrally what a great afternoon thx to &
Monsters of folk! :)
#RomneyYachtNames Mo' Money
Thas 2years that's when you go out wit Ian rite
- Be prepared to wait in line. It appears they're following the popular nightclub scenario... one out, one in. Lots of people.
Patty Mills has 16 points and 4 assists. The Warriors lead the Spurs 48-47 with 3:36 left in the half.
Laviolette was right. The play leading to the Devils goal was offside
Change of plans. At #Portillos :)
he's such a great player
Jim Ross returning to commentary this week with William Regal on WWE NXT. MARKING THE FUCK OUT!!!
Ordering trashy romance would be amazingly fun.
but did you laugh? (!)
Amen! RT : We need to be more aggressive about asserting rights to use images in scholarship under the Fair Use.
We can share concerns and overlap even if we go by different names. Then again, I'm more interested in action than labels.
About time to start the writing process!
yea 8 closed out so urato will prob pick 7 too.. me and mike are 710
I am still a bit amazed by the via ready brew iced packets. It's coffee magic.
what's ridiculous is that their action is the very reason they don't want to sit. Grrrr.
wants to do "Real-Time" analysis. Lemme just focus on the BUSINESS of things :) PLAYER PLAYER :) #KeyPlayers in IT.
w00t! well done
Arrived in New Orleans yesterday. Said "Hello" 2 a few friends Lou Fischer, Mary Lou Papich, John Clayton, Paris Rutherford, John Clayton...
I laughed today when I saw her. I was like OH YOU!!!
you're the only person who mentioned SEO, google ranking, word press, etc. Most useful info we need at #sextech2012 Thank you!
how have things been going? I haven't seen y'all in awhile, poker night needs to happen soon! Take care
It was. We had four generations at the table.
Literally doing nothing in each class:) The day's going by so fast. Haha!
#Spurs take on the Magic tonight. Pleased that my buddy is here to see the defeat!!!
Yay!! We're on Twitter... Don't make fun of us. We'll get the hang of it soon.
": It will all work out in the end, you must keep faith in yourself, & leave the rest to God."
#ProTip: In Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning Faeblades and Chakrams are a great combo for fighting large groups of enemies up close.
“: Take some bold steps of faith and change anything the Lord leads you to change.”
I LIKE IT!
I was waiting for a cab after babysitting in Trump Tower tonight and out walked Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas.
Interesting. Will research more. Thanks for that!
Contagion - Both thumbs WAY up.. Righteous work, Mr. Soderbergh.
thanks so much!
Ready for an out of town trip!
Yea, I have a solo it just sucks that I miss so many Saturdays :( And I'm going to miss so many days of work in March
Enough business talk... TIME FOR FROZEN CUSTARD!
Clean sheets are DA BOMB.
that sounds exciting! I want to know more! (unless it was literal, in which case, it sounds painful :P)
RT : Improvisation is resolving creative tensions in the moment. John Kao
Dear I hope you take some time to research too... but if being an asshole means job security for you then enjoy the sinking ship.
That one guy that makes a girl think she will never love someone again and all guys are the same.
We start Monday, May 21... Floyd Co.'s last day is May 23!
Need Fri night plans? Special $29 ticket price to if you mention the discount when you call! HUZZAH!
Officially on summer vacation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
LINT ROLLER!
does he do you like that?
Nice one!
People trip me the fuck out.
Confident that Bing Administration, #Detroit City Council & the State will create and implement a responsible restructuring agreement.
Sitting on the patio at an awesome restaurant in TX. They have played a bunch of times. In heaven....
Thanks for BayDay , ! Crisp&clean for the Hive today
Congratulations ! & Thank You & gr8
#TinCanAPI Great Kickoff guys woot! thanks for making it all better
When you don't have an iphone and all you see is f'n "squares" all over twitter :O
Dude ! That's tight! Where was this at?
Do you TiVo Jeopardy? Because that would be awesome.
I hope so!
hey how r u today sexy holla at me on Facebook hakim coombs
I have sent her a poisoned Linzer Torte. Your wish is my Death Cake, madam.
it's even worse in person omg. whatevss...
Ahaha... now find everyone else you know! LOL
We've got Spirit, yes we do! Welcome to !
Division champs!!!! Another undefeated season <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
New Web Site For GaLuWi is about to launched. It is headed to the Launch Pad............Get Ready. The Count Down Has Begun!
TOO MANY CALORIES ALREADY!!!! #superbowlfood #runningtomorrow!
saturday needs to get here like now...
Spending Sunday with DC OKeefes. Happily fulfilling my GREAT aunt duties. Inspiring to be the young, cool, hip GREAT AUNT.
Thanks new followers :) really appreciate the follows.
love to see a pic of this knowing that you are not a dress kind of girl..... Have a great day
- There's a reason some people don't make it to our future! LOL
Crawling up the stairs of the academy
Home made tater tots? R Gang Eatery in San Diego will comp an order with lunch or dinner if you show your Diversity Card. Get you card today
Just added my first country song onto Spotify.
It is not just DO DO DO. It is not just BE BE BE. It is DO-BE-DO-BE-DO. Amit Goswami
And to think how close I was just last week...
I may have an extra pair ;)
I need to send you a text....
Happy 1st Mother's Day Babygirl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
Internet Talk show 3-15-11, 10-11am. www.Drrosie.com. Update on the Black Farmers Lawsuit,. Stay in the LOOP!
You can take the girl out of DC, but apparently you can't take DC out of the girl... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
aww thanks love :)
Change of plans, my first video for my return will be a Black Ops 2 First Thoughts. I'll probably do it tomorrow. :D
sorry, nicki. i love you dearly. but you shoulda done "super bass"--or the remix of "single ladies" (which is killing!)
Loved #armywives story line tonight! Way more meat & less girl fights. Love smart, sassy NOT catty. :)
Yes, but nature/handling of stories very different given subject. Ask all who retweeted "Joe Pa is dead" report when he wasn't.
hey I'm doing ok. How bout u? I feel like I'm not really obsessed with lee anymore :( I just don't want to forget him!
Shelton gets the bucket and is fouled! He hits the FT and we are tied again at 83.
How many businessmen have accomplished more than Steve Jobs?
Hopefully Jazzy Jeff can make it to my graduation party.
I don't think I did do that you got me mixed up
dont worry bout haters! If there only goal in life is to threaten people, i can report them to the police :) that simple.
What is #numerology?
Is Tom Brady gonna have to smack a bitch
Our main goal is to provide the easiest/convenient/safest way to get lq. We are a company for college kids by college kids. It's about you!
Living in the South it's hard to hear good music from home....so I will definitly be on the look out...
Seriously, even though the crowd in Chicago was good at Extreme Rules, my section was lacking. We are part of the show people. PLAY ALONG!
32 hours without power.
If youre a grown man at the beach and your t-shirt says 'Totally Jawsome', at least tell me where you got it.
good night I have to go to sleep :) love you where are you is day ....I hope you have good day
This thunder sounds like we're getting bombed!
You finish that featured user form?
ty. u to
Solis is working on a new Facebook page CHECK it out and hit LIKE to get things started! Updates will follow !!!
haha I don't know about monster! But I practiced some in the off season and I guess Coach Frazier thought I could be OK
if you explode, I bet you'll leave a "trail" ;-)
nothing official yet. Keep eye on May 10th...board meeting set, might know something then.
What's your thinking on the link between diversity and innovation?
it makes me sad to know that since I live in Texas, I can't be a part of the "4 albums in 2 nights" extravaganza /:
Thank you so much! Looking forward to your commentary.
indeed, sisterhood is relative as it is based on the unity and commitments of its members. What org are you in?
lmfao, i blocked her ass a while ago.
hahaha yeah I'm sure! That sux!
and t swift, from what i know of
RIP Jim Marshall. May you rock the clouds out of the sky
Great seeing all my fellow Gents at the Virginian
is back & on the air now for at Noon! & has your forecast!
your choreo was hella challenging! Probably the hardest choreo I've learned so far!lol
on my way 2 da top....follow me
Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!! NaLee2010.com
Before 2012 I Would Love For To Follow Me :'D <3 ..
Experimenting with singing while using asthma inhaler b/c of inflammation. Kind of a revelation. O singers, so into our physical equipment.
I am thou
Do you guys sing doo-wop?
Having a pretty chill day. Gonna finish it off with some noodles, the little mermaid, and some Nintendo 64. Day well spent.
Memphis traffic is so random.
now there's 100 ghetto ways to die on the trending page...nice....
Coming up this weekend with & on we have and !!
Trying to talk to my cousin in spanish...Well atleast I think she's my cousin! lol. Having a hard time spelling things in spanish! HELP!
: There are so many #p2 bobcats out there! But it is important that we stick together.
follow me ?
There is absolutely no reason I should wake up to this!
Bottomless Mimosas kick off noon-3pm, all red wine tasting, 3 reds for $12. Chimay Blue beer on Special too-Enjoy
Thank you!
Tomorrow, and his song "Breaking Over You" will teach my Intermediate ESL students Present Perfect Continuous.
you failed if you were attempting to tag me :P But i love you lex!!! And this is not where i parked my car!
Also once we get a confirmed date on when the EP will be done we will set up the EP release show.
walking in the middle of the street <33 #fun #yee :)
The only dreams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake.
You're welcome.
man nobody trying to do nothing I swear LOL
Wow! Did anyone hit the floor?
Snagajob office tours are about to begin! Be sure to check out our slide!
Did you know pirate captains were considered "employers of choice" - find out soon at Pirate HR (tm).
Testing for HIV - That Scary? Some things should be known
I'm hot like sauce. #prettylights are bitchin
Tapping out on #Bucks presser live tweeting. is your winner
Small Cute and Furry :) and a very dinky pink tongue :) Thank you for sharing :)
I think it's a CP-wide thing :/
you're welcome! ;)
oh I have some great open-toe Sorels. ;)
Avoiding downtown but have a mad craving for ginger lemonade after this gorgeous day. When are you back out on the streets?
is any prompt that gets me to write from a place of joy and inspiration.
I guess you knew that God wanted me to hear this. I am not liking my 18 year old these days. Please pray for us. Thank you<U+2764>
missed you this week! Layover in Dallas--did you really grow up here?
She will never pass Jessie and other strong participants. U just blew a very strong one. GOOD LUCK 2 U LOOSER
Signs don't elect politicians, results do!
Melo please bring the Knicks back :/
Traveling 2 my new home. Almost didn't answer the phone on purpose. Solving work problems on the road.
Congratulations as you both I'm sure are so proud and happy
Just saw Francis Ford Coppola's 'Tetro' and am feeling all weird now.
pineapple express literally.
Don't let school get in the way of your education.
I also have a free book up on Amazon and would LOVE a little reweet action!
good point. just more hate than good.
also, i still love you both, regardless of the haters <3
my man pau gasol... what was that move after you got fouled and made the shot? hahahaha...
just saw one of stupid billboards. what is wrong with these people?
girl u are the shit! You have the best body I've seen in a while or maybe ever!! Please follow back, would love 2 talk!
I will alert the AZ authorities that you two are on route.
Bout to get sandusky'd by this final.
Who's that lady standing there in the red dress?!? She should get off her cell phone.
you can stalk me. I'll just pretend like I don't see you in those bushes :p
So what are you doing this weekend?
See you there
TREY IM BEING NICE YOU CAN STAY HERE I WONT HAVE SEX WITH YOU WHILE YOUR ASLEEP im gonna be mad if im nice and ur not
Nameless by wiz describes me perfectly
Have you read any karen kingsbury books?!
I'll do one if you do one...
thanks for the RT!
k I'm fake
Follow back Bakare!
is a god among men
Missing my other half like crazy!!!!!
#replacebandnameswithbacon The Devil Wears Bacon xD
Ugh I Forgot My Snacks :(
WOW, at the age of 55, GayJesus just meowed like common house cat.
CT? Or Rhode Island? Pictures.
I believe so but you should do it!!
Watching prince of persia. I know it's a little late but this movie is alot better than I expected. Go Disney!!
Agreed. Arts need benchmarks too! RT : I dont see art museums or even just museums represented in the 44 orgs
Sprained knee for Otule #mubb hope it's a quick recovery
I voted for you and called all my friends and they voted for you too. Your eyes are so sexy. That smile makes me melt.
There aren't reserved parking places on the blacktop, so stop vandalizing all the cars that are "in your spot"
Happy Mothers Day to all the M*Files mommys! If you haven't yet, go give your mommy a HUGE hug! :)
RT : #Thanksgiving Gratitude & Love
amen, party in heaven bro!!!
Men: educate yourself about the Word and what things mean so when you have kids you can pour some wisdom into 'em.
Congrats to and Connie, winners of the #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway! We're looking forward to working with you!
Being followed in the halls... They can just say hi!
Appreciate the props, Anthony!
Adam Richman is one sexy man
Good night.
Shoutout to my new follower: THANK YOU!!
So you must also have been taken aback that there was a link to a photo.
#zing Stop, you're killing me. RT : you haven't seen that thing in 30 years, your gut is too big
While she was up there saying that Black Women ain't shit! Uh your talking abt his mom grandma sisters. While he laughed in stupidity!
Okay Clevelanders, if you went down to the new #HoreshoeCasino, how much money did you loose? =D
UW Madison Pulls "Don't Go Video" It's still online. Do you think the video is going to stop anybody?
Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
WAIT WHAT
Wow Jordan went a little too crazy updating my tweets every second.... Sorry for the newsfeed blow up.c:
#1DNewEnglandContest Jen is muh queen, worship at your feet for having this contest
No school for me tomorrow, I'm so happy I can just cry right now.
RT : Support talented artists on the rise!
Love the take on the !
Feeling prettier already.
And of course right on cue the shift hurts them. I should've never said anything.
Man I wouldn't shake his hand with a broke hand.
Most probably, BUT I also could have saved the money I had to use for a masseuse.
Lol I understand I don't really fuck with this joint either
The Bo I know would have run all the way back to the beginning then to the end again, just to taunt the D.
& here I thought I was off the hook ;) seriously, we can submit our slides. Er, when's the deadline?
True..I like his whole take care cd though
I need a buddy. Just to hang with on the week days after work & on weekends when Ian got shit tuh do. Ya know.
Amazing service as usual, gosh I love volunteering at my church so much beautiful worship and people God is God
shouldn't be the only motive!
Excited to be at Apple St Farm for farm dinner -- Festival of Tomatoes!
#NGL i love my name
Schools boring right now.
Why do people jump with Blake Griffin?
...making schools better cannot be an excuse not to redistribute wealth and end poverty.
Temptation, a woman's weapon and a man's excuse
Papelbon.....you left that pitch way too high!
did you hear about the latest rule passing? That percentage is bound to increase now.
prepares to go to Prom. Can't remember which flavor of 20/20 is the formal flavor (kidding). they are all formal appropriate.
uh They cant be ugly or they have to be sweet Not no jerks I date 16,17,18 year old they have to love me no other girl but mee
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
A big congratulations to Mason McIlwee! Officially on board for our Fall Program in Dublin this year!
Chelski to Europa? I think so!
Addicted2Twilight11: Kristen Stewart doesn&#39;t apply herself as being ...
*high five* where's the champagne?I guess we're expecting baby austins ;) Oh wait. Pregnant = No alcohol and gang bang parties
ok if you say so and I will too what about math
acupuncture > meds for sinus issues!! Trust me!! Haven't had a sinus infection since I started going + Neti potting!!
I luv it!! So sweet!
you can code faster if you don't measure, in the same way you can drive faster by closing your eyes and pressing on the gas pedal
I actually thought he was joking. I had to ask today to be sure though.
Omg so many pages in this contract to read! :-/ looking forward to lunch with a bowl of #Pho!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW I LOVE YOU ZAYN :) MY ONLY WISH IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME ! AND I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST GAL ON EARTH ^-^ <3
"Pink Flamingos" and "Hairspray," two of his best-known films, will be featured in our very own Newcomb Theater as part of the !
Been the case for awhile. 203k is key. Buyer’s can't find a perfect house.W/203k they find a good house & make it great!
Join us tonight for Chris Robinson Brotherhood,with Chris Robinson from The Black Crowes Doors @ 7pm Tickets are $20.00 at the door.
Need a list of folder titles and associated container numbers. CSV/TSV doesn't matter; goal is to get it into Excel.
Hey! I have a tweet limit so you can tweet me hrereee
Thanks! We need all the help we can get :) cc
"We weren't focussed on the data, we were focussed on what to do with it." Josh James, founder of Omniture and now founder of DOMO
happy birthday:)
RT : Very weird that Pat Bowlens car is parked outside. He usually parks it in the garage / car is in garage.
Hey Baby!
- need to be SLEEP !
According to the survivors, no.
Thanks for the mention!
Shostakovich 5 this week! so excited to play one of the most badass symphonies of all time, and to finally work with Neeme Järvi!!
Can't wait to read about our new game Bayou Blast – , and
American Furniture Warehouse is giving out free toys at the home and garden show
Congrats on the job! And yeah, Ravens have quality DBs and RL52 so that should help young guys adjusting with pass rush.
Ready for this test
I'll slip it into the conversation ;))) xoxo
I'm just trying to give you light they just trying to leave you blind
Hello twitter!! :D haven't been on here in 4ever! Good to be back for about 4 days! Lol
Enjoying the rare opportunity to watch a #Badgers game...
My Man!!!! Guess Who's Back N Doin It Bigger Then Ever!! Yours Truly, Mike Mo!!
'Still Got It' video is so cute!
#OomfNeedsTo give me that rock dick :)
You're welcome! It takes all of us to make a difference when it comes to
Just witnessed an accident w an elderly couple & man in a big truck. Pray w me 4 all involved.
Lost and insecure. You found me. <3
#givingshow Reginald Jones of Steans Family #Foundation. Tend to be risk-averse. How do we evaluate innovative proposals?
possibility I see that alone as well. At Tinseltown because I can blend into the crowd and nobody will notice my aloneness
Long day tomorrow I gotta go
Who is that fuckin idiot on Sports Nation saying the Spurs will "get docked" by the Thunder like the Lakers? Fuckin asshole idiot.
Best part about shitty things happening on shitty days? It doesn't ruin a otherwise non shitty day.
You're welcome to ours.
Gran Torino... Learn about "life" and "death"... and how to love people who love you...
I'd come see you, but I have a puppy to hang out with and a frozen pizza to eat.
yeah. I haven't played in a week. It's ridiculous
Pop / Pop punk bands email me! !
Happy Labor Day to all of my Grenada and Panama fam!
I would watch Krusty's Komeback Klassic for a 32GB right now! #playAlphabot "Woah K that ain't good!" (ah simpson quotes)
LOL, you know what we need to do, completely unrelated, but, do the 50 things to get kicked out of walmart, lmaoo
I've got 3 which is good for quick pitch night. I'd love to get you guys in for a full night. Pitch & lessons learned
RT : Q2) What benefits does performance support provide that formal programs often fail to deliver?
Well... Coach Hoke has another classy post game interview!
There is a beautiful light grid of Abundance that encircles this planet. Take a deep breath and ask your angels to connect you to it.
Pacquiao leaves for Los Angeles for more training
What the hell is happening to my phone ...
it is our ability to adjust to the circumstances that makes us more fluid in the flow of life.
are you having trouble adding users to a digressit install you have on your server or on digress.it site?
get the $ first then do it
Man said imma be in a music video
What photographer are you using for baby's 1st year? I've been researching & still trying to make my decision. Any recs?
My candidate knocked if out of the park 2nite at the candidate forum!
Uh... Yeah. I decided to do something different with it, as any human with an opinion and a bit of creativity is able to do.
? I'm putting ikea stuff together and getting the house in order.
Lunchtime. Food trucks outside on 8th. Cyberdogs across the street, across corner.
I heart - that is all. And yes I'm a #TheVoice dork :)
It looks like they can't get they're bets in fast enough on Michigan. Keep on driving that line up there please.
Post Production time
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think of something appropriate and do it..
Benefit reading for Allen Hagler on Tuesday at 7. Come help a good friend.
Three is Company too!
Hey dude... Long time. How're things?
so i'm cleaning..yay..
You just need to pick new sports teams RT" I hate life"
ugh twitter wants to hook me up with my ex?
Advantages of lib arts for DH? Close relationships btw undergraduates and faculty to collaborate on research
make two dreams come true but following me nd 49
Happy hump day!!!!
Thanks to for speaking, for sponsoring, and for hosting last night's event. Hope everyone had fun!
Going out to Myra's Dionysus tonight... last chance to see my art show there!
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
Can i sleep over if not my mom can pick me up
Ever been to the in San Diego? It's a must see.
Sleeping in till noon. Oh yeah. :D going to be a good day.
Worrying is taking responsibility for things God never intended you to have.
yeah I know. Maybe we should quite a song we know.
Fun Layout! Really liked it. Please keep me posted on your success!
still sifting through my notes from the conference. What an awakening!
B. Smith's is always a safe bet in my book... is another favorite. Don't sleep through brunch!
I know right?
Fucking with my emotions
Have been on a FSF jag and had to reread ZELDA too. It's better/worse every time.
...and the games begin! I love fun clients ;)
Lettuce is bullshit
It's about time RT : . you must be so proud of
We will provide you directly with a competitive rate quote as well as a good faith estimate at no obligation & with no upfront fees.
Thank you & the rest of the Senate Dems for fighting for our environment this evening.
Calling 1 (781) 452-4077 will actually put you through to the Hogwarts Hotline, where you can learn more information about the school.
RT : As a #Libra you need to choose someone with a lot of patience to deal with your contrary behavior.
I had a dumb Chinese scooter, it was a pos. But that one is super cute!
i miss cleveland already.. i'm living in youngstown until further notice. :(
Oh! I wasn't expecting rain! For some reason, I'm genuinely confused by this turn of events.
Omg my #phishafterparties article on came up in my Google alerts! Go check it out, only 5 days til #ohkeepahmsg!
apply for cataloging job in ireland?
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
We continue to file #appeals, so our clients will be among the 1st to have hearing if Judge maintains the status quo in conf on Tuesday 1/10
Okay, great!
and I liked the Merle theory. This kind of bummed me out.
Protect your identity at Saturday's Shred-a-thon
Nice photo!
In resting mode after my trip to NYC went to circle of sisters lot of fun
Off to work on this lovely weather:-(
it don't matter wenever u get outta scoo idc
The crochet break relief is wearing off...
This is torture
Boise St. looks pretty unspectacular in 28-21 win over weak Tulsa team
Why is It so cold! Wtf bi polar ass weather..... Still goin out tonight tho' :)
You can do it!
When you accidentally re-tweet or favorite some lame ass tweet. -_-
I pretty much did! Ask Nicole!! I was on the phone with her like 5 minutes after it happened!!!! :DD
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
Jason Wu for Target is already here and gone online. Picked up a few kitty-print items; going to the store to find the navy dress tomorrow!
If everyone could have a friend like Real life, she is my best friend.
Cant Wait To See My Boys Again Tho . <3
how is letting someone keep more of their own money a "handout"?
I hate myself
you forgot the pink one.
nope you a wherever you living now-an!
It's okay Jordan Schafer. All those HGH positive tests and drug busts would make me mad too.
MT : BLS confirms that data Scott Walker is using for his "revised" jobs figures has not been verified or reviewed
- Great blog! Very similar to ways we try to help our clients with office leasing. Check out 'Charity Outreach" on our site
need an assistant? :)
Is anyone dressing up for #SOTG2011? Who has the blonde wigs!?
where were all of my friends getting these UK ATL tickets? Internet.
Good Friday! We're open today and tomorrow. Come see us!
BoFlex has been sold
This is precisely where we are headed as libraries. Wonderful photos!
ME TO
aye bro we doin this Dallas Most Wanted album get at me for da buinsess side beats we kan send for u to check out
heck yeah! They are addicting
LOL indeed, but at the same time it keeps the life blood flowing.
We're all subject to the same judgement in the end, so why point fingers instead of shaking hands?
BREAKING: has been named special Ambassador to Columbia
RT : It's like a poem! #memorizing PRESENT #Troilus & Cressida opening January 13th
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who made Friday's conference such a success!
A team of heritage masons, material scientists and historic masonry specialists were privileged to work at the MIT Main Group Bldg No. 2
RT : It's unofficially PUPPET WEEK here at Creative Alliance.
Friday night plans: 1. Buy six pack of beer. 2. Play the hell out of Batman: Arkham Asylum.
RESURRECTION The Album dropping in a couple of weeks. Priest-Hood Family coming out with our Hands UP
"For every disciplined effort, there are multiple rewards." -J Rohn ..1 seed yields many fruits! What seeds of discipline are you planting?
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. Stephen Covey
"Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why, Cause you are on my mind, I want to know you feel it"
I go hard, like your girls nipples.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
John Mayer ruined our day!
#w3dge12 forgot to mention yesterday that came to DC to help us prep for our Twitter launch. Thanks Mike!
tweet who chloe
Let's see how Tom Lawlor's entrance is this time.
um why ?
Buying slushies during lunch
no problem!
what's goody old friend?
April's theme will be "The people shall govern", which is the national month to mark the first democratic elections in #South Africa.
Love when my iTunes is on random and comes on
Not back when we had good old fashioned "assumption of risk" doctrine. We weren't always under the 2nd Rstmt of Torts.
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
Okay, I've had these stitches in my shoulder since nine and I am about to rip them out. >:(
I would vote for just because of his witty tweets. You need a great sense of humor to survive in this business.
yes! It's a BSR Elite. I love Ken Smith!
I missed talking to him.
absolutely. keep it up. great job up there today.
Due to lightening in the area, the game is halted in the bottom of the fifth with South Alabama leading FIU 5-1.
Student seriously spelled even her own name wrong on her assignment. Sigh.
Dreamed I had been given an ipad by my mom. Woke up feeling disappointed in my dream life
My faith in President Obama is unerring. I think he is a splendid human being. The job is daunting but he stays steady.
Not that it matters anymore but get Crawford's pathetic ass out of this game.
I went to Charles Village Pub yesterday. I think everyone there had sex later that night.
Doctor Stalker ;)
Facebook will have this fight I believe.
keep doing ya thing lil bro's God's blessings are shining on ya.
(cc ) You need to join the gal pals for Wed night bread & brew crew soon!!
Happy Mother's Day to some very awesome ladies!!
hahaha yeah that didn't help either!
you sure? ;) RT : good afternoon, I'm a real person!
i heard he was playing with his dingdong, but is that right??
haha okay maybe not malware but still - no bueno
Teachers Sarah A./1grade & Lauren T./Art w/ Wildflower Elementary waiting 2 meet #ColoradoSprings Donate/Volun
Good question. Answer depends entirely on each company. We'd like to think that's the only kind of people we hire.
everything is so much
I think the UT clock tower just flipped you back. Have a safe drive home.
Happy Birthday Breakfast...looking to enjoy the rest business-free and stress-free.
It is time to chop off heads
hmm very interesting... I wonder why this is..does a visual median have to do with it?
I am not sure that Kung Fu Panda 2 is any less horrifying than the Human Centipede.
Can someone explain to me why people are up in arms about now? Haven't they been wearing those ridiculous outfits for years?
This one is on Peter... How the fuck do you not bring your best player on until the 83rd fucking minute?
Both locations are very busy today! I would suggest calling in advance if you are going to come!
We are trying to coordinate a huge campaign for cannabis. Could we count on you to help participate digitally?
Alan Thicke! Swag me!!
thank u love <U+E056>
A for effort! Have a good one
Unintentional mistakes are often the one that makes a huge impact .
Happy First Day of Spring / Spring Equinox! Let the sun shine into your life.
Sunday morning burst of inspiration: can we have an explorers book club?
Northpoint update: 5 min wait for restroom & foodcourt so crowded people r eating in restroom waiting area. Yeech!
Same here MT : If I turn into 1 of these columnists who make you want to stab your eyes out with cartoonishness, pls kill me.
Our short film "Just Like the Movies" got accepted into the Indie Spirit Film festival in Colorado Springs!! Woop woop
lol yeah I'm reading it!! It's already sad.
with my bbg
Just got to Skype with and . Miss those two a ton!
Truthfully, niggas making this too easy
Good boy.
Support for their release coming out soon
Be tenacious, beat Ignatius!!!
Its time was up in 2001
You are beautiful. Dont let anyone tell you otherwise. If they do it is just because theyre jealous of how beautiful you are
Hey! We have a show tomorrow at the KEYNOTE CAFE in Jeanette! Doors open at 5:30 and the show starts at 6. Try to make it out :D
I hate people, i hate talking about my feelings, so leave me alone.
In the Milwaukee area? Be sure to check out salon! Great atmosphere & they run fab specials
Interested in a film production career? Listen to my radio show, "Question Reality" today at 5:00 PM (PST) on LA Talk Radio, Channel 1.
Labor Weekend Officially Starting yahhhhhh
Good answer! And glad to hear it.
RT Excited about #LUCIANO confirmed!! Sun May 20 #reggae < we'll be filming and live streaming
First successful U.S. newspaper, the Boston News-Letter, formed today in 1704. Publishers relied on the post for out of town distribution.
see you feeling it to. Don't cha wanna dance, don't you wanna dance with me baby?
#BlueRock would like to welcome our new #intern Paul and a shout out to Joey and Louis our current interns.
It reminds me of that kid "Rufus, kid with excuses" on so random. haha.
too. Nice to be an early "follw"
Kinda. You'll find your way.
I think Ima be late to second. Fudge it.
he also said Flacco didn't outplay Brady in this years Champ game because Brady had a bad game...as if that means joe didn't
Hes had flashes of brilliance getting my hopes up only 2 squash them w/ huge slumps. I dont get excited when he's up anymore
Our awesome interns started this morning! Looking forward to co-supervising them with
That plastic band aid stuff is kinda cool. Covering you in happy white light and pink bunny moments!;)
I AM WRITING A BOOK, I'M SO HAPPY I'M ALMOST DONE WITH IT, I CAN'T WAIT TIL IT GET PUBLISHED.
": "Already talk in the Dodger front office about adding players this summer," on SportsCenter" #UNNNH!
ues it bothers me to I just feel for the girls they shouldn't see their mom get beat!
Hey, can you be 13 to go to the taping of ABDC?(:
Assumptions are the Achilles heel of contextual inquiry.
They all operate on about 1/5 of the manpower remotely necessary for smooth operation, for one.
thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas and God bless!
I'm off for my first look ever into our Wilkie Collins manuscript collection. Read Woman in White last year and loved it.
Thanks for sharing this, Clarissa. Brave and inspiring. The last three sentences are stunningly on point!
Thanks! Enjoy that early-20s metabolism while you got it. (I know you also run like a gazillion miles.)
#whatifindattractive a man with manners
Starting to see why the Astros are in last in the NL Central. They field like the Bad News Bears and pitch like a belly itcher.
Wow picked in the end zone. NICE!!!
Just ate a 1lb burger :D
Thanks for the good word--x-pro 1 is on its way. Super psyched. PS Love the Arabia Mt. photos.
#grammys : Even Lady Gaga thought that the Niki Minaj number was offensive and sacrilegious.”
I <U+2665> Max Russo.
Lebron may have a bunch of money but I have a hair line that isn't receding.
I just RT'ed it
He will find away to blame bush for it
emailed Attorney General Martha Coakley regarding unethical business practices #Boston Daily Deals
Just landed in Amsterdam. Adventure awaits.
Break through your neighbor's fence with a turkey dinner. That's how you enter his gates with thanksgiving.
I can send you over some more info on the options for if you like. What's a good email address?
Wow sounds unb elievable ! I am coming in for that !
Tonight marks the last Girls' Night Out for spring 2012! Join us tonight @ Vanderbilt Univ. 7:30pm/Wilson Hall/Rm 103 - Admission is free!
Watching videos. Listening to his music just makes me very happy!!
Judging someone's decisions are easy when the choice was not yours to make.
thank you Carl!!
308 tweets and 308 followers... 308 is the magic number.
oh tanks :3
okay kid, one more lame dubstep song or lil wayne song and you're getting all the metal i got cranked the whole way up
Well awesome for you that have never been called out.
ok! thx for not laughing at my dumb joke....
Looks Good Enjoy!
": Productive day :) How be thee? Smiling? :D" Productive as well, thanks!
Nigga on twitter crying , then said we bitch made boy you complain bout everything , ok though . lol
this one made me LOL.
Don't let the rain stop you from coming out. $1 blue moons start NOW!!
right! That's what I kept experiencing. I.e. if u open via mobile it forces u to download the image. Tried to learn html lol...
That's awesome! I did volunteer recruitment & management for Catholic Charities in Nola. What area of librarianship are you in?
Haha. I always hear that from straight men. What's the deal, man? Plus, you don't call. You don't write. Sheesh!
tonight it's the worlds biggest firmans parade in Winchester as part of the Apple Blossom festival.
Americans with hidden offshore accounts have until Aug.31 to come forward voluntarily and report the to the I.R.S. in exchange for penalties
good bye rushers i can't deal anaymore w/ my 4 bullies
I wish I had another burger.
A3: Wieners Circle! Bring the kids! :)
happy Easter to you too <3
I'm so busy, I have to order pizza.
Some marketers fail because they don't understand their target market & build funnels that don't work for them
Talk about a manic monday!
via : Moved the floor under the chairs... then managed to delete (?) the floor. Good news is the stuff is there.
Love little Reese!! Please give her a big birthday hug from me and put some extra goodies in her purse :)
#Iwill Never forget.
I did hear that one, super sick
You must give in order to get.
Diner: "I come all the time and Jason the owner knows me" (directed at me). Me: I'll be sure to let him know you came by.
Marcia Bates blows us away - the ISs are a metadiscipline that can actually unify us.
it is truly amazing how many volunteers I still see working everyday!
Thank you for the #FF! Ian, come get your special poster next time you're downtown!
I put you up to a challenge without you even noticing and you failed at that it show's what kind of girl you are the kind that doesnt care
#congratsjustin so surprised to see you!!
Attending the After After Party filming tonight, hosted by , Steven Michael Quezada. Join us! will be providing wardrobe.
!! I saw that one a while ago, but before I knew who she was. A re-watch doesn't render the hiccups any less hilarious.
Walking through universal and comes on.. #jammin iyiyi
movie time:)
I hate how, someone likes me more than I like them.
It's Insurance: Extreme Edition
Hahahaha oh god
yeah, he certainly had an interesting way to "lead". But build A-teams he did.
Thursday Pollen Count | 9.6 out of 12.. Constant & seasonally normal weather conditions stabilize pollen concentrations outside.
Smh some people can be straight up disrespectful -.- .
It's all fun & games until you realize your capri sun has no straw..
People always let you down? Why don't you forget them and do something for yourself?
You don't have to be in Texas to love KXT. Check 'em out and feel the love!
follows please go and follow my best friend :)
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. :-P
Omg stop texting me....you're getting really annoying
Kershaw is done after 7 innings
career. so DO IT. okay, that is all(:
TONIGHT: #RevolutionSaturdays Hosted By: Sounds By: | 2 x 1 Drinks Reservations:
#GoTribe Hey, guess who's still in 1st place in the AL Central?
that's how we do!
lmfao u safe by the airport bro lol
A clean, bright, healthy complexion is the result of facials done on a regular basis. Men, this means u 2!
that's when you write my number on his receipts. Duh, Rob. ;)
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 8
I can neither confirm nor deny that I licked the Gum Wall. But I can confirm that I poured hand sanitizer down my throat.
Haha!!! No, just Nutria sound disgusting to eat.
Can we get a Palm Springs trip together? I say YES!
hi babycakes!!! I love you big much and hope you enjoyed #Chronicle as much as i did
And by three words, I mean four. Just tucking into my first cup of coffee.
Besides its potency, it's also the only substance shown to activate the SIRT-1 "longevity gene" in clinical research.
I don't believe in tl;dr.
Tune into Classical 94.5 #WNED right now to hear Peter Hall interview Joshua Bell about his concert with the BPO this weekend!
That's all we would be hearing forget the haters it's really going to suck after the lock out when we come back and repeat then Teddy can
I think some people are spreading rumors. D;
is a natural yogini!
Thanks for watching "Sorry to bother you." :-)
bring your own mom? Lol.
Probably around 6 it's on a Saturday. Hopefully we get the jams this week
youtube in class bored
studio with doza,tryna drop a track or 2 tonight
The #GSA suspended an employee award program cited by congressional investigators for exceeding spending limits.
that's your own fault! You knew when you went there where that was headed..lol!!
dont worry about someone who doesnt worry about you. -
Thanks to you I now have Shady & KI ringtone! Yay!
I'm wearing a freemasons freemason jacket at this party and he's mad salty. I wonder why....
das what they call me on ze weekend;p
you & my sister are like twins lol & she's like in love with you c:
Uh oh, I hear voices giggling... It's too early!
Follow Mee ! ii need followers !! PLEASE
Watching Mad Men just really makes me wish I was born in the 60s
28 followers already.... Help me get to 100 by the end of the week!!!!!!
I dont know who that is, but hes a genius
The Bean, Sears Tower, shopping and whatever else today. And then tonight I'm going to 's book signing for LONE WOLF. :)
Its hot as fuck :(
Like forreal, I can't say thank you enough. Lmao. It's a weird, but good feeling!
that's probably as much as they're gonna be. I don't think they'll be more than that.
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
: Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party! ~ Williams, Robin
yeah me too! sorry i was showing my mam some shoes and then ate apple pie! i got to go tweet you tomorow BYE! xx
Just met a guy working for Doppelmayr, the ski lift company, in Brazil. Rio is working on installing gondolas to service favelas!
Never easy....
Do I always have to text you firsit >_<
That joke never gets old!
Casino time
Randy Jones Sports Grill is PACKED with #Aztec fans!! Standing room only! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin!!
“: if I lived on the bayou IDE be kickin it wit jpaul ctchin 15 footers” your damn straight on that
want to do a 5k at the end of may?
Looks like they're re-finishing the stage in Capi. Which is like gold plating dog crap. You have something gold, but its still crap.
Hip moko faal, Hop moko fooli. Congrats. The job is just starting though, please senegal stand up door war!
follow me and remember me, that we the best.
Can students or alumni contribute to WolfWalk?
; this negro playing w/ my emotions, black people can't never plan shit correctly.
So, my hopes to play Diablo 3 keep getting 37'ed so It looks like this "constant internet connection" model is gonna screw me over...
You are very welcome. Thanks for the compliment. Have you had a chance to check out our site and create a profile? Thoughts?
All day... Lol >>RT : that lady's video on YouTube still has me crackin' up!!!
You're welcome ;-) Please follow back. We have many Frederick County students and staff.
So about to do something drastic to my hair but I'm not cutting it.
Marvels aat a town that informs you of the grade of syrup in your maple soft serve
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her<U+2665>
Donald Trump has just reversed his endorsement of Mitch Romney, stating.."The Donald now endorses Tracy Jordan".
So if all I do is grind & never sleep, then how the hell am I suppose to meet the girl of my dreams?
#Clippers have had chances to make the #Spurs get real uncomfortable these last 3 trips. One of those sequences you forget on box score.
Thanks, , for talking up with !
Adding knowledge of the legal environment to list of skills for hum. data curators?
I've never been to London! Sounds like a fun vacation for me and the Family!
great line up. Just finish a few Misery Bay.
I don't know if the dms I send you are legal to be read in public on Twitter..
I say WTF, but Sarah Palin? She should say "Heavens to Betsy."
HEY. GUESS WHAT? I LUFF YEW.
NW Atl. Tip look young as hell
come see us at the show again. We loved having you on TMI Live!
Stonehill&#39;s Nick Smith new Assumption AD
Is it great for the pharmacist or the patient? who likes it?
I'm curious...has anyone ever kept track of how many times in ONE day you've used #Google? (including Google Maps)
oh nothing..nothing at all..where you crashing?
How fast can I type/write a newsletter
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
College: Report: Kansas' Sims arrested on DUI charges Kansas Jayhawks junior running back James Sims was arrested early Sunday morning o
heard it brodie
watch Smash faithfully, todays shoot airs in 3 weeks and she is something else here, Tonight on NBC, Smash is all new.
Accidently setting you're alarm to 7 AM after you woke up at 6:30 AM the day before absolutely sucks
mine has not done it in a while.. it gets annoying -_-
oh my gosh 13k in the rain?! Stay warm!
Day off in #NYC. Anyone have any "must sees" that they'd suggest?
Things we can learn from the Book of Daniel. Decide in advance to have purity and integrity in your work.
Tonight is the night! The Marquis Hill Black-tet feat. Sarah Marie Young LIVE at Red Kiva! See you there! Show starts at 7:30 PM!
Counting down the days for the National Equality March. Ready to have LOTS queer youth voices be heard!!!
2 things about this restaurant: the toilet seat has controlled temperature capabilites, and they play klezmer music in between Rihanna songs
11 or so new ideas are all on tape. a little this or that still to be done. next, rehearsals!
Our 1914 icebox sits over a 3-lb lead sheet w/an old well beneath. Walls may be lined w/tin, zinc, cork, seaweed, other....
I'm busy raging in the sahara tent. Dan Akroyd has webbed feet.
Happy Birthday Glenis Dee look forward to seeing you at the Maryland Dancesport Championships
TWITTER MAKE U FEEL FAMOUS... DONT IT?! ha
oh no! Total waste
Has finished a new Rock House DVD.Arpeggio Madness is complete! look out for Rusty Cooley's awesomest Instructional product to ever release!
#Brewers making me vomit rt now. And now Braun is hurt. This season is F'd.
hi!! It will be up any day now! THANK YOU for the support!! It will be posted on tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
I've always wondered why there's not a banana Emoji...
There are people still complaining about Obama's Nobel Prize, and they expect to be taken seriously. This bothers me. #askmewhy!
you can text me too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 557 calories burned.
Seems like platforms will emerge to enable that ...
Yes. Don't quite remember where I read it, but I recall seeing say as much in the past.
Only real significant New Deal accomplishment of 2nd term is 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act, and that's mostly a cong. creation.
Question of the Day: What song should I sing at the #Inbound2012 Karaoke Party?
lol okay! You know how it is.
When you call me beautiful<3
think I'm gonna stay at the friendly confines
I am loyal to those who have placed their trust in me. Even with a deep sense of commitment to be successful, I use good moral judgment.
that's good(:
sick as fck I hope camilla beat her ass lol
Don't assume anything...
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>dilemma<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> #throwback frfr early high school memories
So just sayin...did #espn just jinx Lohse? Showed the only opening day no hitter stat and then Jose gets a hit!
empty jars should be the new wine glasses
Lol your welcome, so hey!
Started planning for a new project...excited :)
T-PAIN? Thats great news! Let's talk soon about visuals and next video shoot. Whats deadline for T-Pain?
Damn hoe yo nail polish look old as u
You're like the coolest celebrity mom Ever! You're so grounded and you didn't let fame attract you!
Well here we go again...
Lack of commitment! 7:30 CDST, you shoulda knocked back 5-6 by now. Talk to she'll get you straightened out!
#fomo ? Furious homo?
Across the street from the new amazon site. Maybe cooling towers for AWS?
Happy Anything Can Happen Tuesday, the philosophy that each day is just a little better then the last..
The rescinded CP3 trade was the beginning of the end for the Lakers. Pau was a ghost last night.
“: i miss miami #mansion/myntlife” come back
"What is forgiven is usually well remembered."
Jared Leto's eyes are prettier in person.
People, there is no need to yell to talk to a person right beside you
Thanks. Just looked this up. I just discovered Chinua Achebe thanks to
Just finished mixing the 3 demos. They sound pretty okay!
RT : It's not the Truth we can't handle. It's forgiving the lie. - Will Nesbitt, The Inner Seed
Watching FRIENDS ZONE damn this show is totally awesome-- :)
I for one will wear tights happily. Will I see you tomorrow at Skinny's for the librarian drinkup?
Ladies and gentlemen. This is macadelic. You MOTHERFUCKER. Ah… #nowplaying Loud.
Haha lol wierdo im listening to "I remember me" by jenifer h. on da tv... da station channel :)
Poynter's Iron Pit is taking over this town, What's these pansy gyms gonna do now?
noo dont drop out!! your what makes the class funny! i think yall are hilarious!(:
is ready for Cinco de Mayo too. We'll have $5 #margaritas!
Got 1 here as well. Jello Shots anyone!!! Yea tailgate at the house!!!
haha put some hot sauce on him first
hey Charlie, turns out I work with a friend of yours Andre Houston
Welcome to the day runners get the right of way.
My love extended his stay here in MI!!! I love him :)
greinke waved the no trade when the brewers added marcum last year. could he be waiting for more of a commitment to winning?
Happy Australia day
YES! is the BEST!! RT I think a little bird told me that. How awesome. rocks, doesn't it?
11:11 I wish would follow me :)
Thanks for the shout out. Hope you follow back so we can have some good interaction :)
The #Celtics are too smart for the Sixers. Basketball IQ will be the difference in this series.
Wow. On Wednesday, I made reservations for 12:30 pm. Hope they honor the reservation, even if I don't get the specialer deal.
I am looking forward to the monday nighter vs Denver and also the game vs Pitt on the road.
Finna call and check on adrienna
you mean cause u follow all those 128 ppl???right
Cheers , have a great weekend.
Protestors demand higher taxes which go to the very people they are protesting against. Where is the logic in that?
enjoy the night out with Lil sister
I been chilling. How u been.
Follow the band!
can't wait until her phone actually works with Twitter and she doesn't have to update every four days.
Totally agree with both of you. Couldn't tear my ipad away, but I MUST have my mbp. Susan
yes, but a temp mistake, so many were coming through that it looked liked spam to servers
More than likely, no.
Took a top 5 finish in my golf tourney today!!
He stepped out!
Good nite twitter I have basketball practice in the morning with and
The face of an angel.
Just wrote a 2 page paper on my booty. It was all about how I want a bootylishous booty like my teacher ;D lmao
im going to buy her album in the future
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never ever have enough.
Unfortunately, mainstream politicians on both sides of the aisle seem to continue to embrace/defend NCLB.
But Meryl may walk away with it.
Great meeting you in London! Lets keep in touch bro!
Bt I'm kinda sleepy thinkin I should go to sllep lol
The way you can tell I don't pay attention with the world is I just found out ryan dunn is dead
You're getting everything you deserve lol.
I forgot how much I love FEAR the record. It was stolen along with a book of cd's one Coachella many years ago in Indio, CA.
Will the draft make military more egalitarian? Is this a poor mans war fighting to keep everyone safe here in the US?
Los Angeles CA: I will be at the LIFE celebration (Breast Cancer Awareness Event) tonight on Wilshire. If you are there, come up and say hi.
Fair enough. My secondary motivation is personal doc work and unfortunately the Epic is just a little too pricy for that.
Wow, lichtenstein's sleeping girl is worth 30 million bucks.
RT : Going out tonight? Dine at Meritage - 25% of your total bill goes to Make a difference for kids with
im in thomasville sweets
thanks for the follow-back Cris :) xoxo
haha cant wait too listen in the morning so u can give chuck a tebow slap lol
you just got my hopes up damnit.
Amen! I'll take any car, doesn't have to be a town car. “: Someone should make an uber clone that isn't über expensive”
Late tweet but I meet afterschool. {:
You should homie!
Aren't most "big event" sales corp purchases? RT : Is Thunder such a hot ticket because owner's company bought so many tickets?
when can we expect SRT to work its magic?
help me spread the word of 28 year old missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
Just caught a private showing of "up". Really amazing and touching. Pixar has done a great job. See it! Reviewers don't lie!
Dear Yelp, it's called an update. Sincerely, my eyes
And just hours after your post and my adding the photo. Twilight zonish....
the family. We are going out to eat somewhere nice
Having Manu Chao stuck in my head is always a good thing. Happy Monday tweeps!
it is crunch time and I am feeling the pressure.
Great day to be at Keeneland. Wish I was there.
DONT BREAK A HIP :)
now ur just coming off as stupid
#Greece gets bailout. Allowed to have its debt written down by 75% Slippery slope. What happens if Portugal, Italy and others ask same?
getting rear ended on the way home from church...not very Christlike...
nah I'm stuck on <U+F8EB> but sg2/3 is nice Lol
is amazing! :D
Check out Chef Andrew Nam on ABC15 "NOW" @ 3pm. Culinary mastermind behind
The worst part about buying groceries so late is that everyone is asleep when u get home. Time 2 unload alone. I get the first Oreo though.
how Atlanta life Mikey?
I will pass this along to the teacher I am working with! Thx!
Happy International Women's Day :D
I'm just doin me
i'll let you know if I hear anything.
I will drunk tweet enough for the both of us ;)
bought to grub out on some pozole right noww
what?!?! I thought you were into that stuff ... Damn :(
thanks so much!!! :)
The NFL during the off season is kinda like Days of our Lives for dudes.
So excited for to photograph an invitation set for us tonight!
finally got to the gumbo. it's fantastic. thanks!!
Planning on having anymore kids?? Gideon and Harper are so adorable!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
You can tell a lot about a man by how seriously he takes his word.
LOL! I'm working on it ;-)
Is there an RSS feed for the Kairos site ()? Can't seem to find one...
Who's in? RT $1 tickets, hot dogs, popcorn & peanuts for Monday's game? Yes please!
Dude im still in heavy morning over Cuse. I can't think about basketball right now.
BOO FROG @ PLAN B Thursday 16th
My vans are so beat to hell. Oh well
Football has started!!!
Bug in coffee= protein infusion
S/O to go follow him, he follow back
"I know he got a wife at home, but I need just one night alone."
Aww I missed you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Yes, sounds good. Plus, it's Sully's birthday that day. No better place to celebrate than at !
Better him than Ed Cunningham, who sends me into a pledge week downward spiral of despair.
You know you're in nursing school when you leave a med-surg exam and almost everyone is crying.
Listening to Tony, Toni, Tone on Spotify. Awesome - gotta love social media!
how have I gone so long with using that "Replace Fonts" function in power point. so much time wasted!
down town ..... but the school is taking us
See You There :D And Thank you! (: Cant Wait!
haha Robyn is number 2 :p
its crazy how you can have one of the best days with someone and the next, they avoid you.
gotcha... I'm glad to hear that ;)
that does seem alittle high in price... Don't get mad at Mike.. he didn't charge ya..
I love you!!
My anthem lol thank you bitch oh & WHERE'S THE
Had a really good day w/ the fam and friends. I am still stuff from all the food but all well worth it :)
When I'm not traveling, I'm daydreaming about it.
Ha! Man, it's been a min for real. I'm trying to be GREAT!
I've got the cutest idea for my anniversary with , just need luck to be on my side ><
well you guys have fun. Im gonna play some MINECRAFT! >=]
whats the matter my love? :o RT I need right now. ):
Can't wait for summer to go to the lake <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I assume that's a no then. RT : O_o that sounds sick dude RT
Password changed, problem solved, apparently.
#TheLord always comes through
Just leaving work making my $$$$$ omw to school I'm gon learn today lol later peeps
Tough to see go down but you gotta tip your cap to Chelsea... never count out an
17 bobby pins.
hey boo
Feeling a little bit better about Rask being out with Khudobin throwing a 1 goal 44 save night in his #Bruins debut!
why what's your last name
Truth RT : RT“: Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions. ...”
QuoteDeck for iPhone is now free as well for today
follow this band called ! you'd love them! :)
Last call! #Browns win, so can you. RT for a chance to win a FREE copy of "On Being Brown." Winner picked at 3:30 today.
Thank you! I will suggest Graffito as a pre-bachelorette dinner...Enjoy the beutiful day!
You're very welcome- loved it :)
it just got well quiet in the living room.... i think my flatmates have gone to bed. now im slightly afraid to go to the toilet.
lol. what a stupid funny video. I liked it when he fell.
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
It just doesn't matter that it's been 100 years. "Concerning the Spiritual in Art" is still the shit.
Happy Birthday from Tennessee. :)
I can wait for my eternity. This city needs a new superhero. There are too many masked villains for the veterans to handle.
go then
Forty days and forty nights until the Chicago Zine Fest. Not implying anything.
Can I get your lips to speak my name now.
Say this for Darnell McDonald. He fits right in with the Red Sox bullpen.
Check out the tripled kids chapter and series sections. More Junie B Jones and Magic Tree House and Roald Dahl and Beverly Cleary and ...
Protest flyer against vigil for #toomanyvictims sez "it is possible some of the victims" of violence are illegal & their deaths no loss.
Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't there a job shortage in field for people with MASTERS degrees?
we haven't yet, but we definitely curious to experiment with games, so excited to learn more at this session...
no! You're so sososoososososoos so much more amazing!!!:)
If North Carolina wanted to stop gay sex they would be all for gay marriage, right?
A BIG thank you to everyone who came out to the Pet Fiesta today and showed their support for Pets for Vets!
looking 4 affordable, healthy & delish #breakfast?! Try our #eggwhites, turkey + swiss wrap from the breakfast grill!
Was there Lantern video of y'all doing ramen?
Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Hope you have a wonderful day with your family.
#hardestThingToDo is not to laugh at these viagra commercials
I'm addicted to being organized. To a fault. LOL. Just got
Please follow
Always here to listen to your advices. You inspire me to create better apps. Yeah, Mac app is my life.
EVERY Wed. night I look forward to watching Comedy Central, and it NEVER disappoints. Thank you, Matt, Trey & Nick. Thank. You.
RT : Who needs an interior designer if u have #houzz...IDEA only as good as it gets directed & executed . FROM A PROFESSIONAL
Anyone who hates a Christian brother or sister is living and walking in darkness. Such a person is lost.. 1 John 2:11
Tim Tebow is a Star...like it or not...and as long as he WINS the Broncos would be foolish to look elsewhere for a QB
Just read about 2nd person 2 jump off of bridge in SanDiego - we need to be there for our ppl. Even if u think all is good - u nvr knw
Finally back on track with #insanity. Feels soo good
Hallelujah! ---- /=] "I don't really care about the design or care about the content at all."
If u USPS wouldnt have been on that BS & delivered when they said they would I woulda been working tonight
You need to listen to the audiobook! It is read by Wil Wheaton!
Eating sourkraut & pork today for that new years tradition!
Hey Cakers! It's almost time for another giveaway! Any suggestions? What would you like to win?
I'm so hungry I could fuck a horse
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much"!
Getting ready to check out the Myeloma Media Workshop at #ASH11. Looking forward to seeing the Int'l Myeloma Foundation team!
Check out our facebook page for pictures of our social media window art. Make sure to "like" your favorites. Most likes gets a free lunch!
You can hate me now, but I won't stop now, cause I can't stop now...
Tomorrow night we will be debuting our new Fiver Children's Foundation t-shirt at the 2012 Benefit!
Savannah & Her Cartoons >>>>>> Especially To Gabba Gabba.
Oh, that sounds just awful. RT Then stay up all night!
Facebook’s Caryn Marooney and Former World Economic Forum Digital Head Matthias Lüfkens to Keynote at The PRSA 2012 Digital Im
Played 11:11 because it was stuck in my head and showed my friend 's AMAZING singing and now we have a new #MAHOMIE #Proud <3
was an ATM today! In a good way!
Hi I was wondering when your next class at Georgetown is, I didn't see you in the summer sessions.
I knew there was something fishy about this story! thanks for reporting!!!
Coverwork done; now to the recording studio for the Math Metronome Sentences;(audio, visual, tactile, kinesthetic exercises for math)
Night! I'm trying to get my ass out the door so Leenah dog stops sighing and moaning.
RT : If you like ribs, check out - it will keep you coming back to Chicago.
Chillin to can I get in the shower with you?? ;)
Every night I tell myself that I'll be going to bed super early! But I always go to sleep at this time .. Ugh & tomorrow is only Tuesday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Indians might not have any feet left. Over the last week they have shot themselves in the foot at least a dozen times.
I hate when people dont fucking think about what they say..
Online Poker Fat and Slim Stack Tournaments Arrive at Carbon
<U+266C> 1963 12 yr old Stevie Wonder, first ever artist 2 have consecutive No.1 Album & Single in charts same week, also first No.1 live single <U+266C>
Glad to know that you sleep! You seem like you are awake 24/7!
Get Lucas & Gibson in the game NOW.
Re: Ped Oncology - I'm going to do Capstone research in this area ... I like the tips for providing family-centered care.
Well, damn. They put a cupcake stand right next to the playground. Those monsters! (wiping frosting from both cheeks)
In Philly @ Penn with my bro...ready for an omelet n java!!!
Sorry if anyone received spam from me. I was hacked! Do not open any links from weight loss. It's not me! Thanks!
If protesters really want to stick it to wall street, they'll go to the WH.Obama received approximately $3, 700,000 more than GWB from them
their magnitude but because of the minutiae. Furthermore, the purpose of the law was to cleanse the pollutions of the body, not to sanctify
Turning up the heat inside the house to 82 so that I can truly feel like I'm in Pasadena.
I'm about to watch #StarTrek - Yoda would be a #StarTrek fan. #StarWars is great. I don't know what I like better.
Where's the MSCHE Twitter feed? Lol
did u say that so sumbody would tell u its not?lol
if you get me my ring , I'll get you some js
have you considered the UMC
I mean damn if you dont want her no more just let her know instead of lettin her fall in love with you and you know yall thru
YEESS!!! This time I'm most definitely getting the VIP Pack!
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck on your Oct 1 fight in AC.
Shot out to my fellow 6am gym goers!
Good Morning & Happy Easter!!
Thx Homie & Got the W too!!
IE, You can put one license on the metadata, and another on the image.
Thanks for the welcome! :)
Overcast and Kinda chilly in Chicago today, but it feels good just to Relax, Chill and NOT talk on the phone :-)
important decisions for YAA that our Twitter page was FREE marketing and FREE world wide publicity for YAA. Thanks to our YAA followers,
RT Vintage photo: Labor Day Parade, Los Angeles 1933. on.fb.me/r5db3U
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars just plain embarrassing , how do you announce Gerrard as starting QB than cut him, front office i...
Looking for female models to pose with different urban, streetwear hoodies and famous stylish dresses. (Compensation + Free Clothes). DM
Getting ready to watch dbacks play dodgers
Mom was very upset and hurt at the assessment. She states I am not old, I will walk home if you leave me here. Advise?
#313DLove Can't leave out the Rivera murals at the DIA...
is the map online? Would love to see it.
Thanks for the Brunch shout out! Can't wait to see what happens with everyone's souffles!
I have neva seen so many 40 year old rappers in my life lol give it up and get you a 401k or sumthin if u ain't got on yet its not happening
no I was joking (:
Success is Not so Much What we Have as it is What we Are. ~Jim Rohn
Sucks niggas don't tweet anymore too much going on lmao
4949 Lounge is a popular hotspot. 4949 Lounge features a house mix by live DJs every Friday nights from 9 p.m.-3 a.m.
i turn 13 in july you?
President Obama released statement on 's #INSen loss. Calls Lugar "friend," says he appreciates Lugar's bipartisanship
New pics! Hell freaking yeah! Brb
lol ive clearly been tweetin not just directed at u
Kyrah is a lame.....she said something to me that I can't repeat
Why doesn't your site run like a business? Managing my online account s/b simple. No help available online or by phone.
This is mile 20 of the marathon, the point where I hate myself for deciding to run it in the first place.
She Said I Dont Trust This Party !
i love australian accents ok
I can't. I just. He.
Oh, Billy. Next to the Indian and the Arctic, you are my favorite Ocean.
so true
Thanks for RTing :)
Thanks for following us, St.Xchange! Keep up the important work!
we are in the exact same building just 2 floors above the current space.
that's what I'm thinking! Spurs are waay better equipped to handle them this time!
I do not feel good at al!
"neutered Kesler" love it!
Has the release date for the Nokia Play 360 been announced? Pricing? I'm thinking about one for the kitchen...
i was watching my fav show of Sunday Night,and i was melting with the heat -.-
1 of my favs. So true. RT : “If you don’t like change, you’re going to like irrelevance even less.”
Some #Texas #CRE pros from our List.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you understand what anuptaphobia is and will help me fix it.
thats how we do it! We winn..... I love adele too but, one direction.... There was better (;
They playin hard this year #allstargame. Lookin like a Classic on the rise
I wonder how much time I actually waste just looking at my phone doing absolutely nothing.
Cantinetta noodles...was really good!
As long as you keep posting these, I'm going to keep retweeting them.
No body ever wants to tweet me any more
« you ok alf?» yea, im fine. (: just one of those nights.
I'm trying babe. You go to bed
Surprised that you guys are starting a conversation here?
what I'm 9- close... Blahh
i don't get the whole "no pants" appeal of working from home. when i'm home all day, i usually wear pants. comfy pants, yes. but still pants
Thanks for the #FollowFriday love! It is very much appreciated!
A highly respected cardiologist just spent an hour with me breaking down the health care system.. Pure wisdom
Looks like Johnathon Vilma just lost all ability to complain today....
Honored to host a rental today for some folks from the Seattle City Council. Great way to serve our neighborhood & city of Seattle.
thank you, shout out back to you
Oates: art enhances, even redeems, domestic reality
I have a ways to go..
I like to eat different kind of small seeds w/ each meals to I know what meals give me crippling gas pains and diarrhea
too damn long. RT : how long has it been since a real housewife released a single?
Left behind my visa card, and got some freelance design work at #FavaTea! 2012, you are already looking better!
** Hello fellow author, Following you on Facebook too
Orlando (suburbs,) the city beautiful.
goodmorning beautiful(: see you at school!!(:
just got it...sweet!!
I support them 100%
Yes, be scared. Be very, scared
Today's #indieview chat is about #interns! With the summer "semester" coming up, they seem to be everywhere!
I've got a fever and the only prescription is more cowbell.
#nowplaying the crimson - Atreyu best song I've heard all day.
I know all 3 of ours were... :)
Hello Twitter World !
: nothing more frightening to me than a meal with the wife of Hope has my back.
Munching some orange for late night snack. It's a great source of fiber and vitamin C (116%!!). Medium orange has only 68 calories
wow-Im SO surprised!
Time for work. Oy.
Thanks for your support! #AIDSWalk12 RT : Excited to be doing the AIDS Walk this Sunday!
Homeroom is so boring >.>
Living Young and Wild And Free :)
. LOL! It was great "running" into you both yesterday. I love that AMT! I swear I could to an hour on that thing. Maybe tomorrow. :)
Brossart picks up 1st loss of the yr loosing by 2 to Bowling Green.
A woman just walked by me with an unlit cigarette and an open can of steel reserve
Undefined by >>>>
im in 10th grade:) you?
wanted to start a new #. I thought it'd be funny to use it where it didn't make any sense.
Going to Canada for 5 months to work on a feature film. Needless to say I'm stoked.
It's great! How are you Jessi?
Finally we get to see an NBA season, after 149 days.
I'm thrilled! Contact Elaine Gilliam directly to see if there's a room left.
pregnant people are gross when they try to look hawt .. its like bitch your fucking gross
Guarino takes the stand, takes the oath.
It's a huge step for a world leader to come on international television and say that. Words make differences, it's how things are started.
Usability research should be geared more towards helping practitioners. Sounds good to this practitioner! #chi2012 16ab
Today's gift card winner is Sydney Anne Heath. Congratulations!
love this. I don't know which one I identify with more :-0
LOL!! RT : Can u new niggas stop putting an s on the end of Nordstrom, plleeaassee?!?!
<--Glad you 2 could meet! 2 very talented young musicians! thanks for coming on r show!
I don't condone flopping but can you blame the players for taking advantage of these ignorant NBA referees?
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Closed tonight for maintenance, bi-annual rubbing down of the upholstery with mink oil.
let me know how is goes! Where you at on the line up?
Building up endurance on your fast double bass hurts -_-
#HowToSpend100Billion iTunes cards = great idea!
It is now the norm to access internet from small, mobile devices
Tired! Big weekend ahead. Gonna have my bourbon flowin.
lmfao this one mean person is talking bad bout u
Thanks for the follows, !
Jhonny. One more time?
you did tell me so and THANK YOU!
I'll say it: Prezi is a clunky unprofessional fad.
The #Bulls are probably done, but good heart last night, no matter how ugly. Just isn't their year. Someone needs to beat the Heat, though.
Well, if it makes you feel better (or worse), 0.000001% of us in the United States have any idea who he is.
nope. I don't apply everyday. I have a few regular takers and stick with them, though I periodically try to expand scope.
I hate my spanish class my teacher is retarded seriously she hasn't thought us any spanish and school is over in 20 days
I don't know how he stays inbounds.
we shoulda got lunch
Happy Mothers Day to my lil sister Lov U!
Searching for wine tasting events in LA...
Fantastic visit with the amazing and ever growing sales team
I used to put Bacardi in my Arizona bottle last year because it would get me through the day at school. I was a fuck up.
uh :P
i've been wanting starbucks for a little less than a year but i dont want to shatter the last memory i have when i was there :)
The new economy: PPS (Product, Sevice, or Platform). This is the new pension plan. You better be shipping!!
spent some time with the fine folks at before they flew back to NY. Really impressed w/ their passion & results so far! ^dw
not weird but very interesting. lol. conjunction junction!
Biggest Pet Peeve: being lied to, when i know the truth... smh
no worries. :)
Your goal is to out hit, and out score the opponent. --Rick Manning What a fucking jackass
looking forward to it :)
congrats on your run time
what's on?
Tip: add a QR code to your Yellowpages listing to create a dynamic, interactive ad that gets you more business! Contact me to find out how!
Author, sure, although I'm still working on the big time. :)
Successful cover photo shoot in Rancho Santa Fe! Go team!!
hahaha Dwight was out the whole series.
GC Tucson, pretty quiet. Some dude sits down at a keyboard and whips out Foreplay by Boston, then a bunch of Keith Emerson riffs. Cool!!!
It really hurts when you expected so much more from the person you once loved so much
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer47
Headed to Club to support tonight! So excited :)
the #OneThing making me smile is knowing i get to see u in concert in CHICAGO(:
Hello! Heck ya - anytime. Had a great time hanging out - lunch/photo sesh soon.
Lots of new followers/followees this week but and are at the top of the list
Super bowl halftime show w/ madonna, nicki minaj, cee-lo, yea they got it in
Attention all artist who are trying to get extra exposure contact me: to be considered for our
yeah :( I have to work at 8pm on Wednesday I forgot. I'm free tomorrow after 3:30p or Friday after 3:30
Feel better soon. Don't wait to long to see the doctor.
Second game isn't complete, so I don't want to shortchange But he's heading for a 405-RBI season.
hahah thank you!! how r u?
Let's go !
John Carter's "astral projection" from the books would have come off as hokey today. Hollywood solution: eliminate it, substitute jewelry.
such a little bitch :( im sorry, you guys need to stay tonight!
And on that note, I'm gonna' go take a shit.
Hasn't there been a tacit agreement for decades to leave WH kids alone? Seems like Obamas aren't breaking new ground here
its funny how once the sun goes down and im the only one up, im scared to walk through my own house.
#SomeWomenCantStand seeing another women doing better than them
Tailgating tomorrow Barbacoa on the menu, charo beans and all the fixings. Lets look forward to a big win!!
"Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction."- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
what song?
Goodnight, God Bless (:
AMAZING! I LOVE How It's All Dramatic! You're Truly AMAZING & My BIGGEST Inspiration!
that makes two of us.
Way to go AM Pens. Championship game :00
I keep on falling in and out of love with you...
Aww man! I forgot summer countdown at 1:16 D: Anyways who do u still tlk too from DW?
Very interesting - can't wait to learn more! (typical public response?) Keep up the great work!
yeah with me alky
Hey! Thanks for the follow Warren. How are things out in Issaquah? Seen any snow yet this year....?
me too lol
2xIPA now on draft.
I think that means you could by the handle for 1 million dollars. Wouldn't hurt to try.
ANYONE interested in being a site model DM me!
Some early commercial shots this morning.
And I you!
My sister is so funny. Ive been dying for a hour. Cryin. Yep im home. Well on my way to my house. But home as in Pittsburgh
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
Loving the local baked apple dish today!
the Church Tennis, Tetherball and Twerk Team..so 4T
Based on your tweets i figured Milbury was a tool on VS. last night, but i didnt see it. Can you fill me in?
Writing music 4 a commercial..pleased w/ the progression + melody & want 2 move forward but all I can think about is tennis & pancakes.
Thanks for the mention!!
New #AVI CHECK IT OUT
Watching #TheVow with my Nan and mom for #MothersDay... How sweet.
FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR VISUAL IMAGE studio5one2gmail.com
please,follow me in my twitter,i love you lady gaga,
it's out of pure laziness. Tim Zeilstra dominates by only setting his lineup 1x/month.
haha well we can only hope the delivery address was correct.
“: I wish Nicki Minaj would sing a song in English so I'd know if I like her.”
Plane ticket: $240 festival ticket: $150 other expenses: $200 : priceless
OMG YES SS501 YESS. OMG YES
Looking @ yo shit you sound old and lame Smh
He already has in so many ways!! Thank you!!
text HIT then your message to 898262 *Msg and data rates may aply* ... I want you to crowd it with one direction infection !!!!!
The mere passing through an academy or college, is not education. (1850)
"Some people come into your life and you just know you will never be able to replace them if they leave"
like Following
Thanks for the RT!
Toni is amazing singer/sonwriter & friend 2 CTJR beautiful person. 2011 voted by 10,000 that tune in as best R&B singer
Join us in the Pearl at 4p today; 7 wineries from around here are tasting wine to benefit the
thanks man!! Challenge excepted. :)
it's going to fly now. The tech has matured, the mindset has changed. And there's #memento , crucial for annotating web resources
I have A coupon But i Lost it.......Take it and go away!(:Hha
This not living by the beach business bites! All I want to do tonight is walk barefoot by the the shore.
A lil #Sazerac before I head home :)
We named her Dixie. Did you see the pics? “: Excellent! I'm so happy for you getting a puppy! What's it's name?”
-- Thanks George. Linked in jumped the gun a bit. It's this coming Sunday. But I'll take the good wishes now!
Debbie DePeel is on-point with her plethora of emails today...
's Deco-Fest.com fundraiser is TONIGHT! Come support it with 4 a chance 2 win free tickets 2 RhythmShuffle.com
Ok, I've taken the really good prescription cough syrup...must go u.p and Z before I fall asleep on the couch.
you know i love you so....
When i was a youngin never was cash disability
#ideas2action Bondmass: grades are first thing we look at when admitting students. Then we look at qualitative markers.
Wish I was at Denver march powwow :/
The most amazing smile goes to <3
I have just started using it and got a mobile map and just got it to display data from geoserver WMS. Love it!
Why do elected officials and staff get bent out of shape when "we the people" voice our opinion? Do they not realize they are the servants?
"I need 2,000 bucks, a new engine, or a miracle." "Maybe I'm your miracle!" ;) hahaha
Got new shoes for work. Had to get tennis shoes because my feet hurt, but they had some white on them so whipped out the sharpie!
a conversation should never B a rhetorical contest 2 gain dominance; it's a tool 4 mutual enlightenment between civil people
Wishing everyone in the PCOM family and their friends a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
the hell? You dont even talk to me.lol
cant figure out what to get for lunch...I'm leaning towards getting bar food down the street at Jackson's pub
Have you checked your keyword strategy lately? Trends and stats change....update your plan
Guess that would be, Angry Birds Space-needle
sorry, off of mcgloughlin, on Milwaukee ave.
is that dude. Keep watching his moves! And I ain't just talking TV!
That's the absolute worst feeling in the world.
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it. I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint. What I began by reading,
Went to Walmart today and finally found This Quiet Night.. Also bought the book The Hunger Games! Really excited to start reading it!
Hey You... yeah you ... if your in Pittsburgh you NEED to go see & tonight at Alter bar
Getting my LinkedIn on! Professional networking and working towards that next gig.
omg i didnt even see..such an idiot.
LOL Nette is funny. You need to write a book
ha nm...officially in a relationship :P and we went to the mall together on friday for our 1month :P heheehehh.... wbu? Lol
Coming now!
No valentine for me
I would like "The Blindside" so much more if Oher had not have ended up a dirty asshole-licking Raven.
hello! (hand motion) hahah i did that all day today!
alright! Cool! I know How you feel, I used to get bullied ad there was no one there helping me so imma try and help people
The name of that portable toilet will be "i gotta Go"
Royce Is Stupid Why Is She Crying Like That
Time for miracles and where i can see jesus(:
If one championship is good enough for Favre, it's good enough for me. #
So many opportunties coming my way :)
you can express your thoughts in a respectful way, try reading her book you would learn
Watching CNN. The daughter nearest Santorum needs to work on her "fiercely supportive" body language - looks like she wants to deck him.
RT : Only half of dot-gov sites are active, GSA reports - and they are using 150 different content management systems...
Who cares? The is talking about Mexicans! RT : guess time - where will the network news broadcasts begin tonight?
Thanks! Looking forward to the festival, but I want to see on the bill in 2013!
Tom McGuane writes passages in "The Longest Silence" that make me want never to attempt the foolish thing again.
I'll have to get with ya once we get up there, get your traveling tips lol
I'm going to one day appreciate the hard times I'm experiencing today...wow what a concept to absorb
My new neighborhood's by-laws make no mention of strutting down the street shirtless being a violation.
my phone was acting crazy at the time but wanted to say thanks for fb coaching session earlier and pudmed link.
is right , honey badger would lay a bitch out! #honeybadgerdoesntgiveashit #yourhashtagssuck #sorryimnotsorry #<3ya
yes. I was thinking the same thing
roth has made 2 non 3-pointers all season long. guard the perimeter, then you have to worry about zeller.
Second round with the sounds of #rogerhodgson and #supertramp tonight. Envious ?
you most likely would have to cop out a bit .. "fire it" ,"eye hit" , "fly cat"
No, I'm hahaha, I wish I was Oprah, she has her own show...
Science Museum not an original idea today.
Good luck tomorrow jay I love you homie:-)
Sending out Prayers to Japan:-) Love heals even it it takes time so send your Love anyway you can:-) Bless You Japan:-)
if you could tweet me something nice, it would make getting through this week 200x easier. Please I love you!
OKC! Like I said!! SWEEP! Don't jump on our dick now !! Laker fans bow down gracefully!
the devil is really busy!
Leading Sports Marketing Agency Partners With IC Places to Give Customers Direct Access to Book Athletes and Celebrities
TRAK is seeking a #Records Management Manager for a prestigious #law firm in #DC. Please contact me for details!
Boan...bitches is always keeping foucsinq own mhee bt need to worry abt they dam self..like wtf iss really good
hahaha yes you know you did it right.
Just met Matt Wertz.. seemed like a pretty cool dude...gotta love Nashville my friends!
The only things I ever cry over- 1.) One Direction 2.) Losing a game we should of won because of a stupid mistake by me.
Yes! Yes yes yes! Hahaha
Clippers need to come on nd step it up!
Wishing everyone a safe and fun Memorial Day holiday!
the super moon is sick! everyone go look
No more injuries sabres
That's my shit
Help!Need someone to provide paid ferry service at nth muskham riverside fest on 23rd June!!
and at St Joseph Institute reunions and pretty much every other oral school reunions. Hearing people wont' learn
It's over 4 hours from my house to Tunica. DOJ are you gonna buy my gas? Thanks to you i'll have to drive there to play the game i love!
Snowball fight!!
yes! I leave for Florida next week so let def work it out! I'm sure will plan something :)
Why do bees buzz ?Because they can't whistle !
“I speak for the trees!” We can’t wait to celebrate America Day! The agenda: school reading celebration and
How can I advertise for a website that is free to all parents and assist students in Math and Science?
Thank You Frankie !
thanks Bryan! Appreciate it!
immediately! You can find me under the avatar cow poke ;)
Happy FF wasteoids, sluts and bloods!
haha i made sure i recorded it! if in need, you may come watch it!
drake, velvet cake ice cream with coconut rum and a paint brush... NIcE...
My advice to you, is start drinking heavily.
I got my truck stuck in the car wash yesterday and messed up my back and cut my hands pushing it out, so I wont be in to work today I bro...
Thinking that the formals last night have something to do with the obscene amount of walk-of-shames this morning.
Dear Moms, Happy Mother's Day!
Wow, NY Giants waived S Chad Jones... I felt sorry for him. Didn't even get to ever see him play after being in a horrific car accident
#ImThatPersonWho always talks about k-pop & my bby lee Taemin.
It's the little imperfections, its the sudden change in plans
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
raining in san diego
Help! #AmericanAirlines flight is delayed 5+ hours BC of mechanical problem. Do I have any #rights?
that's called bait and switch, and is illegal on this country.
Some things never change.
“: Gosh, I <3 maker spaces. #DML2012” f yea!
When nothing goes right, go left.
but I'm strongly considering starting up again because of the opportunities down the road and I can write on any topic
...everyone needs a Puscifer project.
"It wasn't a subtle difference, it was a profound difference!" -Mr. Hutton, switching from the SHH 5.2 series to the SilverStarlightHDMI-6
Aww c: *kisses your cheek* :*
i would do him
For the first time since I've lived in Portland I'm not involved with white death from the sky.
well i miss talking to you goshh:((
very nice!
Some new followers on a Monday
Too much rain!
You have one?! That's so awesome. I'll keep an eye out for it! :)
I need to learn to think before I do things
You. #WhyISmile but you'll probably not even think twice when you see this.
church time :)
cool me and my big bro have a show planned out for tomorrow at the church bout singing and dancing
Time is an investment spend it wisely. You will feel valued & content if you spend it doing activities that satisfy your mind, body & soul.
M....burger
Wow I cannot believe what I just witnessed. #ripcity #blazers. Bring on game 6!!!
tonight may be the 1st night that i can remember that I wont turn on quick pitch or sportscenterin bed. Just cant stomach it.
Very important information! We must understand the effects of bullying for ALL children. Inciting terror is criminal behavior.
Tonight! Tortilla Espanola, $6.00 with aioli! Get it before it runs out.
Community Service Day at the University of Baltimore. Look for many of our students, faculty & staff helping our Baltimore neighbors today.
Football Jesus take the wheel!! Sources report Terrell Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball. Could be out for the season....
that's what's up ill be sure to strike you out tho (;
Happy Birthday Jack Kerouac. A truly organic intellectual.
Finals are done, hope everyone has a safe trip home and a great break!
Maybe you can come over and we can work out Together!
Watchin chicago sports tuesdays, blackhawks and bulls with
At Steak N' Shake
Just got finished watching In Time. Probably my new favorite movie!
Is it true that Cody Simpson is dating Kylie Jenner?
man you couldn't think of anything better to tweet! Lol!!!
Murder, Loyalty, Lust, and Family Secrets <=#Seattle Author Neil Low #Unreasonable Persuasion
When time stood still...
yoooooo Twitter during the Monday Night Wars woulda been epic!!!
Lol, candles c/b replaced :) "Good news about book. Go a little more sparingly on that candle"
...love it!!”< ahhhhmazing thanks for being with me to celebrate #GoodLuckCharm" always good timez
I guess this is proof that the record exists? I still can't believe the Master of the Dentist Office Jam made a Blowfly album.
I just lit ass.
If i don't lose my mind in the next 7-8 days, then i can officially do anything.
Now the chorus room reeks of cigarettes.
I still haven't seen the Avengers, but I am certain it doesn't out shine TDK.
There's always money in the banana stand.
Thanks! RT : #FFriday13th - Lucky to follow these
ur welcome ur do inspirational!!!and funny please follow me!<3 it will make my day....my world!
Best leap tweet ever! Someone give this man an award. Oh, right.
i feel like we are waiting for snow, weve got the clouds and the dark so wheres the white stuff hm
ones for casual dumps and ones for intense
TIP OF THE DAY: Tipping is an integral part of playing live poker, but never overdo it. Always make sure its no more than a few % of profit.
Even if grading papers isn't crazy fun, I realize what a good gig I've got.
thats yu i saw today in hat car?????
How so?
bitches are crazy
My pleasure. You're very listable.
my birthday is officially a month and a week from now!! (:
Anyone have a contact with a movie theater with a large lobby? Contact us! Please RT!
Thanks Oppy, you rock! Looking forward to seeing you in LA soon! :)
WE ARE HARD WORKING AND LOVE BEING IN THE ENTERTAINMENT WORLD.. DO YOU KNOW IF YOU FOLLOW US WE WILL FOLLOW BACK. SO COME EVERYONE FOLLOW US
Stimulus, response. Brad Evans negates Gomez goal two minutes later. 2-1 Sounders!
on another note, I'm sad our players are declaring for the draft today, but happy for them 4 fulfilling their dream of playing in the
We had a productive joint meeting this morning with exec committee and #HSESchools Board of trustees.
Madison Pharmacy Associates | We don’t always know what we don’t know!
I really miss talking to you
2DAY IS MAH B-DAY SO I'M NOT GANNO BE ON HERE 2DAY......... WAIT MAYBE I AM *MUAH*
from a party store...it's plastic ;)
i really need to get my tweets up
Moriah Martin inked a 9.850 on beam in her 2nd event of the NCAA Championships. Her best two events to come.
I'm working on copy for a webinar on libraries' adapting ideas from the coworking movement.
Looks like tomorrow the entire Congress will have the flu.
wowzers thanks for following peeps :) Just so you know, I followed back. Cuz I'm nice like that :D Love ya'll
Don't let no one tell you, you are not worth something. You are here for a reason.
Ukulele Thanksgiving sounds awesome!
Can Taylor Swift stop acting surprised that people like her?
Have you been Betrayed?
welcome back to twitter
Case was awfully thin without the warranty card. Real good chance of NG or hung jury without it.
Hope you know a good obgyn...
Where do they sell it?
You had 2 legs #LastTimeIChecked (who says this line?) ... Take a walk
we could care less about ku anymore. Who cares. Amuse yourself
Lol, now THAT'S a breakfast. Enjoy! :)
lol , my 4 year old sister admits she has a gigannnnticallly big crush on you ..
is happy to be writing daily again. glad to have the reminder that words are joyful and amazing.
Gary Gibbs, ED of , reports that TEXAS is 48th in per capita funding for the arts. CA is 49th & Kansas is 50th
Time to launch a new industrial revolution - to save the West. “The only useful banking innovation was the invention of the ATM.” - Volcker.
I like when people say things, then don't follow through on them...it's pretty fuckin' awesome TBH
I'd say so haha. U use any energy supps?
Research and Markets: IRS Corporate Financial Ratios - 27th Edition
It's a terrible feeling to watch someone you love in pain, and there is NOTHING you can do about it.
Almost Christmas(:
'but im fun... what, well i am!' classic princesspeachh db thiswasinmydrafts5V7N.
Since you wanna be like somebody so bad. Take this hundred dollars, go down the street, and you will see a man. Pay that man for his swag.
you are beautiful...<3
Definitely think that was Klaus already when he told Caroline to go. Bonnie did her thang much sooner.
Arts organizations should "be a resource for and build relationships with lawmakers." #AFTALAC MT via
awesome venue. Friday is going to kill
Why must 99.9% of half-time shows suck?
She got dying over here
Ye! RT : Its rad that is putting out a track on the sampler which is old tour mates
Voting..... for spanish youth award..<3 <3
yup yup gets crazy
hahaha thank you. yes. I know how to get the dudes
Does Ari have Facebook, anyways? I don't go on FB :3
The right confluence of needs innovators and technology leads to the changes we embrace today
There's a place about an hour from me that makes almost Texas-like BBQ. Might be worth the trip today!
Sadly I won't be able to have them for a while after surgery on Tuesday :(
im just playin girlfriend!!
thanks for sharing! are you planning on coming to the screening?
Tonight is the night!! Let's get together for a holiday hello and support the MCA-I at the same time. Magic Bag in Ferndale from 7-11pm
Major upset if Deb Fischer beats Nebraska Attorney General Bruning in NE GOP Senate Primary....Fischer now ahead....
Well said - "when chilling white wines, don't think Zamboni." -
I am burnt the fuck out, yet I cannot pull myself away from the computer. Im not even surfing. The glow of the screen has me hypnotized
Im cold and sober fuck me....
YES I FUCKING PASSED
"home is wherever I'm with you"
- Good to have you back.
i got ten followers nahnahnah bobobobo
:) happy you like it “: Awesome!”
no problem. anyone who's at ASEE while in conversation with + various great torontonians deserves a signal boost
just got a pic of my nenephew. he is so cute.he looks a lot like my...dad? they are thinking of moving back home to ireland from New York.
anarchists will do as we please anyway so what's the big whoop?
Just hit some shit called cali orange I swear I aint got any lungs left
With the impending sale of the Coyotes, I would think a win tonight would sweeten the pot for the new owner.
You should be @ The Ten Eleven 6/30/09 - Split 10" LP Release Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Forgotten Empire Records. Special Guests TBA
Reno I'm giving you two choices. Either you shutup, or I'm going to tie you to the bottom of the car.
Join us Halloween day for SKREAM we open at 9 PM. Bring your costumes were giving away $500 to best costume!
I save all my tckt stubs. I hvnt been to a bulls game where they lost since January 24th 2000 against the pacers! Im gud luck
Marty: I filled the tank, Laura went to take pictures at a Shipley's donuts. The wait for gas is shorter than donuts. M, donuts ...
Whoa! Thanks so much! :-) RT : and are my fave companies right now. hands down
Wow I can't wait for the games to begin.
My sister drinking sparkling "wine" and crying and then my moms says youre like ur sister drinkin too much and crying hahahah
Keeping ur mouth shut is sometimes the best thing for you!
Don't try to win over the haters. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
I hope so to baby. I miss you so much!!!!
First portion of the question notwithstanding... Impossible to tell without being there (& even then'd be difficult) (cont)
Can't miss #Kissmas ! ": tease, haha. :D if I was there I'd help with the cause!"
Dr: you need to stop gymnastics. he leaves, mother: that is not an option me: i hate you
. Does attention monitoring lead to reduction of time online? Should we be on stricted media diets?
Kim Kardashian's marriage was shorter than the line of trick-or-treaters outside of Casey Anthony's house.
wanted must feel lonely, they have no bandmance with no one.
it does for sure. plus when its pioneers like Don :-/
If my name was Robert, I would introduce myself as "I, Robert" to everyone. Sadly, my name's not Robert.
Spread the word Reji Lefluer is human after all ...
Rainy cloudy Mondays should not be in existence
your Tom Jones performance solidified your badassery. That perch is the best for people watching
LOL! I clicked on the list And laughed when it said "not really Europeans" lmao
THIS FRIDAY we are direct support for RVA locals and Nat. Recording Artist live at Breakers Southside!
I see you court side baby boy #MEMPHIS SHIT
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
I just buy songs off itunes now that Limewire shutdown. Need to find a way to the get them for free again
Apr 29, 1952: Churchill's daughter, Sarah, unveiled a plague at the birthplace of his mother at 426 Henry St., Brooklyn, NY.
I recently overheard a man inform a young lady that he was going to decorate her face like a birthday cake later on, truly love most pure.
A riot is the language of the unheard -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
They going for the LOW cause peeps didn't even go 2nite. Smh Bulls playoff tickets for the low hmm i dont mind if i do lol
Hell Yeah !
RT : #diversityintheworkplace, Why should supervisors be concerned with diversity in the workplace? -...
Congrats to Grub Literary Council member Andre Dubus I on being nominated for an Indies Choice Award for Townie. Yay.
Just Hope the time will come when people will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men. Go Vegan!!
Its going to be a great day at Bodhi Body! Come in today for a Nutritional IV Therapy at 3pm and receive $25 off!
I want to wish good luck on her history final! You'll do great! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deep-fried butter & ! They're all at this yrs - Win tix at 7:30 w/
Good morning to you too.... although I'm still awake from the day before. Do you wake up this early?!
My snap back is a "bubba gump shrim" from the thrift store.
Glad you enjoyed!
i love to eat mangos dont you
apparently 67 degrees is a normal temperature for my house.
Safety Safety Safety Safety #Dryden #Dryden!! Safety Safety Safety Safety #dryden #dryden- ---
I wonder what goes through his mind when he sees us peeing in his water bowl. ~Penny Ward Moser
thanks for the RT.
why does it take so long to process orders???
heard that!!!
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
okay that's seriously not funny! She is so weird
"what're you doing?" "touching your nose with my nose." <U+2764><U+2764>
I took to Philadelphia many times from Buffalo
- and getting work done on Today Show (to celebrate your birthday)! Definitely a must watch!
#lifewaseasybefore I became a grown up...sometimes I get jealous of peter pan and the boys
Sometimes I wish I had gone to grad school.
have to be followed also for DM
Chris Paul is just amazing.
yeah very sad :(
They're out to make money, not to protect people. Try googling "Michael Chertoff backscatter."
happy late B-day bro
still irritated, tired & hungry again. :(
Bout to go meet up with this lady to show me the inside of this two bedroom house...
Bring it!
if the #Chiefs keep this up we'll still be in the running for
Them fightin' words.
It is so hard to say a Heart Felt Thank you in 140 words. We are BLOWN AWAY!! 877+ Hits in 2 weeks WOW!!! WOW!!! THANK YOU!!! THANK YOU!
Thank you! Every tweet helps the cause!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Welcome back to school NYC!
RT : RT : It's really hard not talking to the person you used to talk every day.
weatherman Byron Miranda dropped a "real deal Holyfield" during tonight's 6:00 broadcast. Wonder how many people got it.
I've been on the strictest diet ever & these workout Joshua has been teaching me > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
kill ya self
Do you ever catch yourself walking like just a complete retard?
why are you so perfect?
i'm sort of doing the same. i'm in downtown philly. nite life is good down here. people watchin is a good thing for me
Be careful of developing a pattern of quitting. A man is not finished when he is defeated, he is finished when he quits.
Thanks Bro Apreciate It
One day, far far far into the future, I'm naming my kid Brooks..because I can.
rough day?
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.
& all of us RT : Forgot to mention, and the Boston Pops say hello! :-)
watching Longhorns struggling with Colo but just pulled ahead
Im desperate for a good job!
All men of action are dreamers.
i love rubios but i sure wish it was still locally owned
does king have on a superman wristband?
I find if I've been to a theme park more than once, take one trip and look for all those little things that make the park unique
Thanks for the retweet Chris!
I told my girls you can get it
HAHAHHAHA oh defiantly <U+E312><U+E11B><U+E105><U+E00E>
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it in your personality.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
New followers, wussssssup?!!!!
Today I led well
you have no excuse to skip that! cc/
I had a feeling that you and Vivian would get along.
call me!!! <3 please c: lol
i dont want to get out of bed but i do want to record...
everyone make sure you support good music! This is hiphop I'm a fan from beginning to retirement!!!
“: Probably the Vernon Nash Antique Car Club out of Fairbanks.” One of them was the "Radio Flyer" car from Anchorage.
seeing you guys always makes me so happy :D
when are you done with college?
This weather is def Tricky... 1st im July the 10th in Philly Dressed, then suddenly i come out of the store&i need 2b Nov 8th Dressed
Been doing my squats getting good results<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> aha
Manny-you've been great this year! Don't give up on twitter because of a few bad apples.
Time for the morning drive... 210 here I come...
of course :)
yes we have growler smack down every Tuesday
hm a butler in a speedo... Sessy :)
Miss you HEAPS!
He's right RT : The real reason Luke blew up the Death Star was because he was mad he never got to celebrate Mother's Day.
#onlyskinnyppl wear platinum fubu wit Muhammad ali on it
just out of curiosity what do you guys consider a yr supply of condoms is. ( how many)?
whoops! try it now :)
": Get me out of this place before i cause more damage"
no matter what you think you are not the ugliest in 1D! no one in 1D is ugly! espicially you! stop putting yourself down! <3
lol i guess so. We the party group
dah challenge. facial mask. fruit salad.
Open house tonight at VT's new school
is this for me ?
like legit ? or just someone over 21? lol
back people
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can do MAPS and help many people in the process!
Hans Margolius~ Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
sorry for most of the shitty television on now a days.
"Home is where the Taco Bell is." - My hungry mom who just bought us Taco Bell :D
he can't stand up with out getting dizzy he can't feel his legs and can't keep food down.....
Hi Heidi Which boot camp do you go to? Rebecca I and Kaden are having a wonderful Easter weekend too. Happy Easter to the Prettys
Right now, more than anything, this country needs us to commit to each other. I <3 u ok? I <3 u alot. We have Obama's support
ouch! Sorry
I'm tired of the cold...always it's so cold here.
that was a good..lol but seriously go and tell me how it is?
Agreed. It's an "enforced" norm.
You are amazing on Fashion Police. I cry every week from laughter. Thank you.
can u pretty please check ur dms?
Bout time to kill a math test
just retweeted by , This morning's Absolutely Awesome!!:))
youtube just suggested shakira for a tag on one of my videos.
Happy V Day to you too hunny! Miss you!
YES. hahaha. even though i'm like 7 months younger than him. lolol.
Can't wait for all the right-winged nutters to see that is actually a decent guy and always has been!
Happy mothers day mommy! I love you tons and in my world you're one of the best women alive. I LOVE YOU! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks! I'd vetoed Seesmic bc there was no New Followers column. Now, that's no longer in Tweetdeck either, so I'll revist.
Wonderful piece, I just had those same thoughts in the midst of all this IPO frenzy... stay hungry, humble, and healthy!
Thanks for the #FF!
Wow sweet slide from Carlos Gomez! The Brewers continue to play small ball. Up 2-0 in 1st at Wrigley.
The legacy of the #ANC is the legacy of the people of #South Africa and supporters across the globe!
I was there via old fashioned TV. Bubba did hit an amazing shot to win the Masters.
Game of Thrones and Mad Men - best night of TV.
who is it?!
You've made the same mistakes. How could I trust you again, knowing you will do the same things over.
A busy week ahead. Thanks for all my new followers who will give me the inspiration I need to reach my goals.
Wherever you go to college, I'm sure they'll have a table. "WANT TO SECRETLY RULE THE WORLD? Come to our meeting in Room 220!"
Nice sunny day
Interview #1 down &
I'm so excited for 's new album!!
Lets go Dallas.No matter how much y'all choke,I still love my Dallas Cowboys
how does Wed. April 4th look for you? Text ur cell to 323.481.1161 and I will send details.
Looking for an AC, AE and AS for travel accounts. Please send resumes to
This shit cray!! Learn how to ref
Guys dont deserve what they have in front of them .Is time to move on i deserve better!
well i think i'll shut down early tonite world ... just wasnt my time .
RT Also sorry world for posting so dark a photo. That stack of red books is 's Ivyland.
what? It's gloomy? I need sunshine and heat!!!!
#gwu talking now about GW libraries and web archiving
There is no scientific consensus of a list of the human races, and few anthropologists endorse the notion of human race
well technically ull be raping a lil boy..even tho he did it
nicole is "sexy blooded"
- Who's the staff twitterer? The twiteree? Hi! I, now un-, I mean, self-employed, am back into twitting. - Cheryl Y.
Great times, indeed. Thanks for coming out last night
Time to watch the #SheenRoast!
digging the new look over at BBK!
I'm just tryna make it easier for you babe.
Women will be go
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex music disrupts Beck's train of thought.
Really guy a long sleeve T? Ya know its Fla in May right?
I like that one
Desmond got off to a great start this season but cooled off. I'd like to see what happens if Harper led off.
Happy birthday from all of us at Simon Jones!
"Keep your canadian close.." LMAO, DALIA I LOVE YOU.
yes let's have lunch one day this week
I missed Thor too, but the Avengers was so much fun that I plan to go back and watch it.
We'll put it on our list! My daughter & I are both big fans :)
Right? Holy hell! What's wrong w/him!!
Jus so sad rite now...
Cancelled classes for tomorrow. My students are very openly concerned (and knowledgeable about food poisoning) in their responses.
Who's watching? RT : An all-new episode of #Chopped premieres tonight at 10p|9c. RT if you're watching!
to B clear, I don't mean 2 excuse ill-informed generalizations about the NC population. Those r wrong and undeserved
These cupcakes are gonna be good
#GMIC making a big push for doing online registration as part of your #green #meetings strategy. easy! use !
Am I the only one super excited about TRUE BLOOD tonight?! :)
I went to a novela casting they love me. But they said I don't speak Mexican Spanish. what to my knowledge there only one Spanish they she…
(also cyberbullying is something some take very seriously...as long as you don't think it's weird they don't just call it bullying)
I am def checking out that book. Mary Hemingway spent a weekend in our guest room recovering from her book tour, btw.
i got my sperrys n im ready for the boat all summer now
Life sucks, then you die.
Big night tonight! Both of our fave CBB teams are playing in semis at the same time.
oh you just say the word and I am SO there. Obviously.
How do you do #taconight? Let us know your fave toppings!!
hello there!
you had enough pizza the other night! Lol, 9 pieces? Love you Dylan! (:
Ice so ya latte yes badly need to wake up people
We should go Saturday with Molly and JJ!
Did I not tell you? Oh man. Last week was killer. I'll DM you.
ooohhhhh ya :D
wasssssuppppppp! (scream from scary movie voice)
Bacteria and Fungi
Absolutely! In fact, it is encouraged!
¤ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
aye your hawt
That's precious. Love you both!
" #DirectionersAreDisrespectful " I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 2-3 irrelevant asses..
Lobby is clearing out now, individual speakers to begin in minutes on 6th floor. Stay tuned!
Looking for a Business Analyst to work on a project in Rochester, NY. If you have Sales or Order Management please send me a message. Wil…
For Sale sign goes up tomorrow.......
lol I'm trying.. how are u
#FindSomeoneWho is compatible to you in every way...it makes life easier<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
ok Nevermind the messaging is acting retarted 561-633-6944 text me so I can save your number #Dale ;)
More event details at www.liverosedale.com! Smoothies, food, music, balloon art and more at The Resort at Rosedale! Follow the signs to fun!
“: I hate only wanting to talk to one person an everyone but them texts u”
10 bonus points to whoever can tell me the movie "Karl Hungus" is from.
Just found out my sister is expecting a baby boy! Can't wait to buy him lots of gear.
Got any good classes coming up I can borrow from? :)
Congrats to my dude for making the #DWTS finals. Bring that crystal ball home, Driver!
I think he's an honorable mention along with Konstatine Koltsov.
Ima good ass gf! I already kno... do u?
Happy Birthday to my mama! Breakfast in bed, and hitting up TI pool <U+263A>
fruit punch is my fav.
I will be happy when the rest of the world is back to work...it saves me from being a serial stalker on Facebook! Lol
I'm starting to think that will never be able to drive.
#ANYTHING Interesting Happening Today Besides #SecretLife Tonight??
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Dental Floss and most oral care products.
"Mama, I hear flowers in the music" - my 3yr.old's description of classical music playing while driving to day care.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
When can i put it n ur hands? I like 2 c the people that wear PoPRoC Gear! Let me know ur local BMORE OR DC?
i just clicked on a wonky spam link, do i have to like change my password now or some crap?
yea it is :) i wish i still lived on Oahu :( i wud so meet up with you....o and btw try stand up paddling its super fun :D
as in former MU star? I was his #1 fan my frosh year :-)
Lauren is going to beat me up now <U+E406>
Why? Everything all right?
Total papers to grade this semester: 156. 152 left!
Had an hour long massage, now sitting by the pool in #NOLA before party tonight
It's going to be a night you'll never forget! Thanks for using ShowClix have an amazing time :)
We're back baby! Spread the word. Retweet this
Fuck it, school can wait til tomorrow
I'll do my run at the same time (on the Chicago lakefront instead of Indy) Of.. that means 6:30am CST..we'll see..
If a guy orders a Sausage Party pizza from - the girl taking the order will snicker.
I'm thinking so, yeah. What time is game? Deaks sounds fine.
How can libraries support a 'just because' society -just because I want it ? ~Helene Blowers
don't understand why my i've developed this insomnia. at least i won't need to adjust back to NY time with this sleep schedule.
I will tell a everyone
I hear ya. If somebody says there a #Raiders fan then I follow them no matter how much they tweet Some may be working but most do
you know, he ad-libbed the line about 'tears in rain' -- and it's the best line!
"I Love Him !
what are you watching
iight finals comin up so ben n tha library
ha thnk u very much
workin on it! some of the "necessary" people went on vacation for a few days :/
You think we need one more? Yeah you think we need one more....
I think knows why im burger famous now
I will in a few(: but anyways how was everyone's day today?!
I intellectualize all the time. I'm doing it right now.
When should something be ended when you know it is wrong but you can't go without it?
It will and you going to be like oh my gosh it is AMAZING!
I do to
"Happy Leap Day" do something #amazing for someone else ! What are you gonna do with you #extra day?
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
Thanks for the follow, Jori
you're welcome :)
just finished watching #thevampirediaries and my mind is blown.
#thingsifindattractive someone who has their shit together !
So true! RT A6 Create evirmnt that supports Mktrs improving skills, planning + balance that w/measuring execution results
Some fans the #Caps have. Triple OT and a bunch of empty seats visible in the lower bowl. Fill those seats !!
watching Group Love - who walked out to Kanye's Monster. Nice.
What my job is: Pie Taster >:) What was my goal: I`m thinking
Thanks so much! Miss you boo boo.
Travis! Travis!
haha! I'd love to know what you find out.
I'm in bed but my eyes won't shut
My 1st mother's day is coming up!
Gettin a new tat soon just need to decide where on me I want it
I feel so awkward right now.
do you have any wave invites?
. is hiring a Strategy Director. Send me a note for more info.
#CharlotteRusse just made my day! Two new dresses & a shirt for $25! And it was 5 cent for shipping(:
I know that kid. :)
taking my mom to sullies for #MothersDay 'cause she has work…… nomnomnoom
Yahoo Purchases it is the best place for conducting the comparisons from Family Of room of the collections of furniture Armcha :-)
#dontbetardy Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait, that's what my mom did And I turned out great
"super slow-mo replay Amber!"
I've seen a few bogus empty emails recently too. Too me from me, I think. On umich.
Happy Birthday !<3 :D
you'd make more $ working for the dark side
we want to know idra's reasonn!!
drinking beer out of a coffee mug...sometimes you just have to improvise...
"in your 20s, you can get away with looking like a hot mess. In your thirties- not so much. People expect more of you." some sage
go to mine and zachs game.
Looks like I'm not having a summer. #Damn Summer school
thanks for the RT! What's up with you guys?
Tip on it.
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table. Come in and Visit!
Are you at Blink-182??
Ah! UA site still has you in the air. Was hoping you weren't out of fuel. The say you'll land at 10:06pm.
Know some1 who needs legal help? is coming Thurs 11am to
Why so we take so many math benchmarks? They're so annoying!
no it's just ugly :(
Yep. RT “: yep, that was the spot, was that name of the arcade in the Galleria?”
Passion Pineapple...the more the merrier!
I'm getting back in action now though! Gotta get this mess of a house sorted first... :P
RT Guys Cheat On Pretty Girls with Ugly Girls, Because Ugly Girls Are Willing To Do Everything A Pretty Girl Won't
look for new cast member John Verea. He might make you snap out of your stupor ;-)
Hahhahahahahahahaha I'm such a bitch I pissed a bunch of guys on myyearbook they thought i seriously wanted to get with a guy, bahaha
“: You guys got any on funny on field stories?”yea. TJ got kicked in his balls. And then punked out
iOS supports sharing highlights to Pinboard and Evernote, as well as twitter and Facebook
Watching Who Frame Roger Rabbit, yes it been that kind of day.
A smile is truly priceless. If a smile can make one happy then smile. Its worth every cent for a moment of happiness in one's life.
#LFC is playing in Baltimore on July 28!!! I was so excited, I did a big fist pump at the Doctor's office while my wife was giving blood!
world book night was a success! handed out 20 free copies of pattie smith's "just kids" to people at the game store & bars.
Do U Johnson Co IN idiots NOT realize thereIS more 2YOUR life than what goes on at OUR property? If we wanted U n our lives wewould reachout
Help! Site keeps timing out...can't even login currently.
This alopecia is making any sort of facial hair a real challenge.
Why do I torture myself by re-watching season 8 of Project Runway knowing that I really want to slap some fashion sense into Gretchen?
congrats you've won the Caboodles kit packed with great Johnson&Johnson product!
Happy birthday, beautiful! Have a great day.
THANKS SOO MUCH!!
oh the awkward years. I do debate removing those from Facebook sometimes
Thanks! Excited about the event and presentation - should be a really interesting event.
Prom tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
guess #oomf cant text backk now..
Oh, boo hiss on that!
TAKE 2 AH PLACE!
Thx RT : Congratulations! Keep up the good work serving #Mke. If I can help with your success in any way, let
I concur
good y
My 11:11 wish is you.
16 girls who date my uncle's wow way to keep it in the family!
My best friend got to have chocolate chip cookies and coke for breakfast. I was always so envious.
Come on D! Hold em'!
Hey thanks RT : Thanks for the Follow, great looking site, I like your style
i want to wait for the bus but it passes at 4 o:
Sounds dangerous. Watch your testicles!
LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC is the perfect spot for a TweetUp amongst you #dcfoodies ! Call 202.450.4824 to find out about our private room!
Thank you!! <3
Tonight! Heavy sole will be playing Tidballs in bowling Green,ky! If u are in the area.. Come out!
I'm ready
Reuters: House speaker Boehner told Obama he would not allow debt ceiling increase without "doing something serious about the debt"
I wont let anything deter me on this hectic humpday morning from making it to teach in Lil Haiti
I hate when people get mad over everything.....
I can NEVER watch abdc with my parents right -___-
Only love lets us see normal things in extraordinary way.
Goodnight Twitter! You probably won't be up and running when I wake up for Apple WWDC!
Cool pic! Is that a tea cup? :-)
Is there anything more impressive than what Josh Hamilton did last night (4 hr)?
RT : Excited for upcoming release iOS 5 Developer's Cookbook giving away 5 books retweet EOD to enter...
I find unexpected depth in his one-off SNL characters.
Dear God, please turn the heater off in california, 105 is too hot! #burningup #globalwarming?
Watch out! : P
at her funeral I wore my Ky getup that what she want mr to do so I know u mean it
How are you liking college life?
Anyone want to be shipped while I'm in art tweet me a number and your name ill give yow a last name :)
geez ari, sorry you find my gospel so offensive. Nothing but love for you.
At the car and bike show.......its crazy out here!
when are you moving ?
I need a ride to midway at 4:30 am. Can you help me out?
Try ginger ale and/or pepto if your tummy's still queasy. Or any caffeine free soda.
Waiting to go to theovies with they guys
God is Great and more than Worthy to be Praised! Remember...Success without God SUCKS!
And on to a second hole for the playoff
A belated one, lol
AMEN! It's the thought, no big deal-God don't like ugly!
Just saw some sunshine...!!!
Cmon I'm actually home tonight...shake it off and let's go
Reminds me of the Shaun Livingston injury.
I poured out some of my Big Gulp as a tribute
thank you and that is a great saying!!!
Joes in love with the mcdonalds girl
Wish I would have realized that. Would have sent to your rescue. (Or come myself.)
Correct but a tad too slow just as Hamilton was :)
oh yea, it's dinner parties and barbecues for my @ friends. First names better but Y not use FB?
Hope you're having a better day today!! :)
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
Export Stout, Jamie Bock, and our Schwarzbier are all on tap at the brewpub! Usher in Spring with these malty and tasty brews...
Thanks for the heads up, will look into it.
New York City has by far the best free swag. THE. BEST.
ITALIAN WEDDING SOUP, YUMZ!
Leave for Oklahoma in 2-3 hours. Should probs sleep. Night!
why did u get banned?
I love to see how girls dress once it gets a lil warm
just saw your headshots they look great! And yes that song is so good.
Wis. Assembly debate on budget has not yet started. Members are trickling in. People in gallery are singing "We Shall Overcome."
ha. I ran yesterday and had a few of them. No bikes on the sidewalk if you are over 12. ever!
Happy birthday ! You're old.
To God be the glory in every aspect of my life. I refuse to take the credit for God's Favor.
happy Sunday to you!! :-)
Great - will get that set up then.
We can't trust her #VickyScammerJ #SugaNSpiceScammer ( her old AIM name?)
I can't believe you actually just tweeted her that...GUURLLL lol #LOVEYA!
Im drunk and high at the same time drinkin champagne on a airplane
RT : BREAKING: Secret Service: 3 employees leave agency in wake of Colombia scandal; investigation ongoing
Count down to the Race - only 13 days! Do you have a favorite race tip?
RT: where is Curtis wade<--- idk I havent seen him
my name is in san Antonio tx w chop shop radio.I hope I can get 10min interview w u on the phone.let me know
Had a great night at the holiday party! Great people great time!
heck if i know! Lol.
Ha, f'sho. Who has two thumbs and started a conversation on a topic pretty well outside her own diss? This girl!
HAHA! I totally freaked out when idgie started doing it. apparently, i am that overanxious mom.
Is it weird to get hit on at Family Court? You don't fool me, lady. You're just another screaming match waiting to happen.
ha! Thanks, I have the thinkprogress version of that article bookmarked.
WORKIN ON A JOINT DO HE CAN GET HIS SING ON! BRUH SWARE HE GOT THEM VOCALS!!!
I love coffie thats ho we I start all my mornings :)
Thanks for following me on twitter and !
Lost my keys this weekend. It was a good weekend, but I'd really like my keys back. or help? Need to check mail too.
man u ain't neva lie bro..
cant argue with that one
LOVE LOVE LOVE BOLLYWOOD DANCE CLASS, but it makes me sweat!
It is time to call it a day! Have a great evening!
Greatness is what got us here haaahahaaa Greatest Rappers Alive
I feel it we got rid of brandon marshall his cry baby ass
Fellow followers, who has a #gold buying/selling company that they trust? Any recommendations and why?
hey Mr.Swaggerific! Thanks for following. :)
Minor kerfuffle. Back online! Let us know if you still can't login to your dashboard.
I made steak!
you're my hero!
busy! Hope to catch you on a chat soon! Happy Wednesday to you!
#ripwhitney thirty minutes before I found out about her death, her national anthem played @ the rodeo I attended.
oh that suck I waited so long to meet him the first time I met him was awesome im sure when you meet him it will be special
The amount of news over same-sex marriage and civil unions through the U.S. in the last few days is staggering.
Now that baseball season has started, Spring is officially underway!
he's a damn beast
I think you're going to reach 2k Tonight!!!!!!
Feeling like doing a trivia to kill time. Ariana or HG? (:
and good morning to ya.
is trying to figure how to get everything done in less than 24 hours.
Does that perchance mean you brought the 'Fresh N' Easy' lady home with you then?.. ;OP
hash tag that shit
ikr!and he is like perfect!
you was spittin on there
must see.... Koch brothers exposed.
RT : Influence Flows through small groups. Shares Twitter 5 to 1 , Facebook 9 to 1
lucky! My chance will come sooner or later.. hopefully sooner :)
Exactly, I rep #HH all the way.
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary! and you doll are miss extraordinary:)xoxomiss mimi pink
nope, just on call as usual
Anyone in Des Moines want to spend a couple hours with me geeking out over the 1940 census? I'm free Tuesday evening. Get in touch. :)
that's a lie. Unless of course, Friday's is your cave. ;)
#ElieWiesel will be speaking at “The Trial of Adolf Eichmann: 50 Years Later”. Join us or ask your questions online!
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Calm down please.. :/
the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
Called my mom at lunch to ask to make me a cake FTW!
hoping the same in North Central!
Headed to Atlanta for a screening of our film
awww. i never see you either :'( :'(
we won the first round of battle of the bands last night woo!
Thunder Dan Majerle right now on with Bruce Jacobs on The Fan AM 1060 and steaming live at www.azsportstalk.com!!!
On the menu tonight - gluten-free frittata with roasted eggplant and red pepper, with a salad of radicchio, olives and tomatoes.
A2: Would start my own grassroot organization in Nigeria supporting women in business and education (1/2)
You are welcome! No, we won't. Sorry! Have fun & give us a call when you have the time or check us out on FB :) TYates
": You are too funny love u too" uhh...who ya talkin to?!!
thanks Liam <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I'm sure it will be
Well that was a nice 5 hour nap. :/
that smart ass comment wasnt nice!..you just DISSED TF outta me!..danngg
yeah, go ahead and try to kill me. Smh lol
Thank god there's a new saturday. Since I'm sick all weekend. It's gonna give me sunshine like always . <3
RT if you're a student! Present your ID before you order & we'll give you 10% off!
Did you know that you cannot be #embodied unless your #body is a #hospitable #host?
haha better believe it. Plus, there's nothing like a good
if i must follow u to flirt with u, u best entertain me! lmao =P
they are already, won coupe de France..
Hilarious! ": Stephen Colbert says his Super PAC is considering another name change to: John Colbert Cougar Super MellenPAC. -EF"
It's finally Friday!!! Don't miss the weekend kick-off ! Strobe & Lauren G (via) providing the tunes! 4 VIP
Look if you wanna have a Label Become a Barbie
Cooking brontosaurus burgers. RT : Gus, why is the fire so big?
"That awkward moment when you drop your cocaine in the snow" this reminds me of horrible bosses lol xD
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout How twitter causes YOUR procrastination
Are you moving soon? Want to help the environment and save some money? Call us for your next move and mention our Facebook post and get...
Holy crap! Our #blipfamily playlist has 17 hours of music!
that's right, was just talking about call-ups. both should be here to stay from now on.
Are we living in the Matrix? Keep up the good work! I love your tweets
A12: Think of service you're providing and how to do it, be creative. Engage activiely, digital and IRL, for two-way connex.
Sucky for you, an check your dms.
not yet, I will keep you posted!
you at #sxsw? I'm in line for the event.
The front lawn pisser I assume? Did you convince them that #Shudderville is the place to be if indoor plumbing isn't their thing?
Hahaha I know
Love how there are only 5 seniors in school today
Thank you to the producers of SHADOW WITNESS for giving me a single card credit as 1st A.D.
yep! Major
I hate Mrs. Suarez <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so unnecessarily loud so early in the morning
Looking for a spot outside tonight for about 16. Ideas?
Props/Congrats 2 on the #Walgreens task win but more so for the tons of INTEGRITY shown and speaking the proof!
The right opposed tax increases for the wealthy but supports union busting for the middle class in the name of "shared sacrifice" - ironic!
I'm hungry ... Time to go eat :3
I just found out I won an Award from AudioFile Magazine!! It will be announced in the June/July issue. Thanks !!
ya listen
missed you both too
Tomorrow i'm gonna upload some Spencer List pics :D
Check DM big bro
Thank you!!
Don’t know where learned about legalizing Earthlings. He didn’t get it from me!
I second that, but the benefits are worth it, ok... Maybe...ok... Sometimes.... Nevermind
We watched amazing artist bring back that old school rapture!
come to #schoonernight Jake is coming over at 630 to head over
nope ur just sitting in a random strangers house watching movies and eating their food.
Who are the other big Rush sponsors? Someone send me a link please!
fuck work. i wish i had some cigs up in this bitch
Why is it that people always use the ones who are nice to them but love til death those who can care less?
Have a great weekend!
I will look at your work and follow up this week. Thanks
TOMORROW! Please hurry!
Awh I wish I could buy it but, my parents dont let me buy things frm the internet & frm a credit card :( </3
i cant wait to go home and eat
GENEALOGY, n. An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own. Ambrose Bierce
Thanks to and for allowing me to perform Saturday! It was a great fundraiser!
Looking forward to your event at Purple Cafe during the Conference in June!
assure Cathy that can be arranged. I'll look forward to it! Assure Tommy - no over-share. He's da bomb.
we need that lockdown D against OKC from you
You gotta take Wall
How's everyone's day going? Hope all is well with my Twitter peeps :)
I'm lookn fa ah rider
Also, only the magic that is Howard Stern could prompt me to watch America's Got Talent tonight.
Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Dinner Sandy's Cafe 3 fish tacos free delivery GREAT! Open 24 HRS Key West FL
Fleener, Glenn or L. David... Hm
#aallfs countering the Radiohead success, Stephen king gave up writing a voluntary 'pay what you will' novel - though maybe it sucked
Beautiful ladies and gentlemen, Down With Scarlett is born. Follow the classiest girls in town
“: I wanna be a surgeon so bad. #MyDream”
Our latest #US Call Center Statistics: We answer 99% of all calls to 877 459 0777 LIVE! When you're an MRC customer your call is important!
All's well here bro!! Thx
that's great! #WomensHistoryMonth #WomenWhoInspire my grandmother who just celebrated her 100th birthday this past sunday.
June 26 is a special day<U+2665>
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. You really made my day!
Ugh. Somehow I convinced myself Wayne's shows were end of May. Great.
All yinz running good luck! Have fun! Stay hydrated. Cheers!
Dancing to Michael Jackson makin pancakes lol
ikr we could get drunk i wanna see how they are when there drunk i know they'll be so much fun lol
no but he said he wasn't chase
Woo WILKES VEGAS! with the GWG!
I make grilled sourdough sandwiches with them. The packaged ones are always to mushy.
Yes, please come tell us about your strategy map! Social media must be on there somewhere....
Yankees game!! :)) xx you have an iPhone too now. Honestly there has to be cool things we can do then.
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes. Moody, but just enough bleep-bloop to be fun. Check them out via
I think everybody decided to get a hair cut this morning.
ah cool, that will be awesome when you do!!
ewwww traffic on the cape is gross
I am truly addicted to television.
we do a great job with corporate coupons
i was hoping you'd represent! i still haven't seen that
Now u know , i didn't mean it like that ; Huuuuhhh!
So glad you posted this; he really stands out as someone I enjoyed working with
Hiring on managers of analytics?
Morning world
naively tried to get to the Rally to restore sanity by metro. No such luck. Came back home to watch over the web. Stewart it killing it!
oh I ain't even know she was there. lol
My mom went through eye surgery where they thought she was under, but wasn't. Pretty traumatic.
Thank you!!
I'm jealous of the people going to the midnight premiere of the avengers!
The Big Bang Theory <3
(c) around 3 weeks. I may be only here to tweet BTR + 1D a few times, but that's it. So yeah, tweet you all properly in a few weeks. x
lmfao no u dont u had enuff at school
just watched the performance on youtube but I've never seen the movie, do they end up together?
I don't play "Hard to get"... I play, "Never going to happen" ;)
My GPS says I went a little further... BUT I'M A HALF-MARATHONER!! I just finished a 13.7 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Nice purse, hot stuff!
vicarious jet lag?
-Want to be my sunshine? Awwws If * and * 150,000,000 km, then stay away from me.
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday... ;)
I do not have the new iPad no
my mom wants me to get a job so I'll definitely apply and we can work together! (:
When God opened the window of the Heaven He asked me:What is your wish for 2day I said :Please take special care of the person readin dis x
Getting the grill ready !!
follow me. I will be truely grateful.
it was like living through On The Road. Eclectic. Psychotic. Genius.
which ones have you seen!?
Happy Cinco de Mayo to our favorite people! Celebrate!
HUGE fire across the street from my house on ocean parkway ..somebody isn't going to have a good christmas :(
I always love the part of the Q&A when one person hijacks the meeting w/ a public official to discuss their pet issue.
Anyone on here use eBay I bought something and it showed up in my purchase section for awhile but is not there anymore? What does that mean?
It's not impossible to be perfect, where's the comfort in that?
#schoolmemories jacking off in the school bathroom in 7th grade.
I didn't look at your bio I looked at your name duh....
Not everyone wants a casino in their backyard...what one Columbus suburb is saying about the proposal..all the news, traffic and weather !
People continue to find creative ways to spell my name; just today I've seen Hilary, Schuller, Shuler and Schular...all from people at work.
what happened to the brawlers story? :/
Mother nature <
why panic over something that should have happened two years ago
If you do not like numbers, then check back later for encoded images rendered as of the Maya sculptures. Coming shortly.
I'm gonna start Pinterest today!! Yay!
Nw terminator 2: judgement day.. I hate the flat faced semi bc of this movie.. fuckin creepy
Why can't it be both?
That is a wonderful saying. Thanks
Thank you Sarah! RT : #FF new friends!!
RT : Carnegie has initiated a 1-time grant prog. for #journalism schools to undertake #science journalism curriculum projects
making your way into Mordor to deal with that whole ring issue
No doubt man if u in the area come thru RT : good. Let me know if I can help
hush your mouth! I hope your having a wonderful time haha
I should really get started on that essay.
I'm goin need a follow back y
Lmao Only Thing i Could Think of...Remember. if You Dont Have Haters, Then You Arent Doin Somethin Right :)
Just when you though the thermostat couldn't innovate the world: www.nest.com
Bacon with a side of bacon. “: What's your favorite Saturday-morning breakfast?”
Created a monster. No I just changed my ways for a bit lml I'm back tho
Can't wait to see mayweather kick some ass this weekend
I'm loving the new organic kale salad in PB produce section. Thanks! Can you please get more organic dressing? Not a GMO fan
FINALLY #googlereader got an update to match... but is it really better? :/
I don't know :(. Feel like this was a hush hush show.
I agree. Thought what was missed was the power of how the story was told.
Artist Tweet
“: Ok why am I up so early? Oh well, in 4 hours I will be busy looking at the. 1940 census! (Could that be why?)” woot!!
Lob City should've won
so much love in the air
RT : TEE OFF AT 10:10 AM: Fog delay has been lifted at PGA. Play starts in half an hour.
I'm trying to add three dollars.
“: Clippers need a good night sleep in their own beds!” Agreed! With a good breakfast, eggs and BLAKE-ON!
#TimeOut #CLIPPERS 6 #Grizzlies 5 with 6:25 left in first quarter.
psychology work without detzel <<<
Hey guys, add us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/fromapathy
doesn't hootsuite charge these days?
Damn, I can use one more day off!!
Ever since the Feds busted megaupload, I haven't been as excited to look for some of my shows that Hulu doesn't carry. Like Nurse Jackie.
If you're on Facebook, we'd love to chat there, too! Lots more info/photos to come - because sometimes 140 characters just isn't enough!
I'll be at the LAFOB on that Sunday--as long as my leg is willing. :)
Heading to the coast with my sister and grandson! It is a good day.
Thinking about motorcycles again.
Epic trip boys, let's do it again soon !!
And this is the reason Paul Martin is hated, pinching way up the ice..leads to a breakaway. Luckily JJ choked.
ok, sounds like a plan! Also, I would like there to be a drink called the bosley... make it happen :-P
What did you learn about the History of Article 9?
What'd She Order? Fish Filet?
WANT TO GAIN NEW FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW HES #TEAMFOLLOWBACK AND HAS 46K+ FOLLOWERS U CAN EASILY GAIN FROM! RETWEET & GO FOLLOW!
RT: I adore More specifically, my client services rep just rocks. Love helpful, responsive vendors!
‘a mere 70 years of quantitative breeding optimized for corporate imperatives quadrupled what all previous civilization had accomplished.’
He's pretty darn cute too! Don't tell but I have a crush.
U know they have cajun Happy Meals down there right...lol!! Got u homie
Harriet Fulbright College would like to wish everyone a happy holiday and a wonderful new year!
who's got next game? where's the goddamn sign-in sheet?
whatever!! I choked, twice!
lol well its been a brutal season and seems like all the Sox fans have gone hiding except me lol
Boston bound... Home sweet home
thanks for following me.
#WOW they playing "Black Dynamite" on PeachTree tv....
RT if you agree that Austin has a nice body!
RT : In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
THIS.IS.AWFUL
Today's Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame luncheon was a success. So many journalism legends in one room, I'm left humbled & enamored.
There are rumors that if that doesn't get done, they may make a deal with Norfolk.
franseno da beast over east is now the new host of the hottest hip hop show on the planet streetprenuer.tv
You're so welcome - glad to get you feeling better!
LOL! That dude, man.. Manchi needs to chill with his primo more often.
Yes, rhetorical analysis, but with a twist. Call it an interface analysis. Also inspired a little by think-aloud protocols.
I am the author of my life. Unfortunately I'm writing in pen and I can't erase my mistakes...
i was built for the bread...
happy b-day kyle 50 is cool
Dear Haters , I know everyone has there opinion but seriously why can't you keep it to yourself for a change -.-
Crossfade, "COLD"...some people can be so fucking COLD...tell ya they love ya and shit on ya
Singing it forever
awe I wish I could always be there for you like you are with me everyday lol
EVERYONE TREND #ICONicBoyz worldwide tonight!!! RT
That's more like it. And your magical singing just reached the west coast. I think you caused 1,000 pregnancies.
What about Hillel: "In a place where there are no men, strive to be a man."
I don't get it until Wednesday!!! So excited!
That would be awesome if we could organize a ride!
Hahah it's not about you if that's where you're going with this.
My mom asked if I wanted cream in my coffee. I said moms on this body?? Make it soy
#OnceYou get attached, you're screwed
<3 what your about! very inspiring! :)
Corn dogs is my favorite food group.
So very dissappointing! I'm losing my steam, enthusiam and optimism. Power is apparently a bipartisan intoxicant.
it still works. Autocorrect win!!!
Game five
looking for more work for my portfolio!!!! dm if your a photographer and would like to get together....
Touché. We make the world more interesting.
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it. -Zig Ziglar
A girlfriend/boyfriend who holds you down, in spite of what happens >>>>
I was hoping the people of Twitter would save me some has money.....no such luck.
American Way!
haha ! my chick bad, my chick good. my chick do stuff that ur chick wish she could!
hahahah, I have no idea! Text me!
Night a(: going to bed that sucks O.K bye
Swag,Swag,Swag ..On you ;)
HELLO THERE !!!!
Movies would be so awkward if there wasn't always background music.
youre in Houston sir? Welcome!
Any more shoutouts?
I taught a friend how to take screenshots w/her phone & now I'm getting pleas (w/pics) to help her get unstuck in WwF
No lie - everything in this tweet is gross other than DONUTS : #TheJimDean inspired me to try Dunkin. Not bad tuna sandwich hey
I have a great idea for the Today show. Let's send Hoda & Kathy Lee 2 a kindergarten class so they can learn listening skills.
I am excited for you all. Experiences like these can be so enriching & eye opening. Compassion in Action!
I can't stop thinking about how tired I am.
very nice pic with Morgan McMichaels ;)
Just tried to bust the water bump with a need on my belly ring & it hurt . So if sum go wrong y'all that's wat happend
Follow me because I'm following Christ
but so many have Ps3
Steve is presenting at SCOPE today in Miami. #SemTech to revolutionize clinical trial data management and analysis!
thanks for the follow dude
Let's do this right!! :)
What's happening tonight #pgh?
I might see you up there then.
(Update) Construction worker rescued from trench
Love target ad "alouette"!
I'm glad you will be with Big Blue for the long haul. How are you feeling? God Bless!
this weather was fuckin up my hair nshit <U+E40E>
Google is like the virtual god to all living things.
Photo shoot with today!
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 35:30 with Nike+ GPS.
lmao! I drank pickle juice...
The shitty part is that everyone knows who I am because I look EXACTLY like my mother. So I feel like a jerk. I have 200 cousins! Not fair!
love it... Thank you.
i hate those ;P(
The band fun. reminds me of Queen.
CONT.. and are hiring these women to work for them and #pay for #sex right across the street.
He will make a great Day of the Weeks. He was voted best smile in HS! RT : Matt Moore is the truth
stress can kill a man listen to your inner body
"They say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me. Young love murder this is what this must be."
There. Guess that makes me rotund...RT : On our way to Bakery Square! See you at 2:00. Be there or be square...
: TV + mags for #chefs isn't abt ego-it's pride in your craft, and the success of your peers.
We got a great new product mirrored illuminated windshields with led lights. Check it out. www.darksideshields.com
Hey there, you're actually already on it :-)
It's a chilly fall day here in #NYC but I hear the midwest is in the 30s?
Nighthawks Saturday Night Baby!
I always buy you things. Just come back to nyc
RT - The Cleveland #Indians lead the AL Central by 0.5 games...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #music because they shill us better than any other label would
PICTURE ME GIVING A FUCK ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL.
FUCK WIT ME DOG!
Round 2 in the MWC Tourney! The #Aztecs game will be shown at 4 pm PST on CBS College Sports.
Want to bring your family where #FrankSinatra always sat? Then bring them to Twin Anchors & see why he loved us so much!...
blah Blah BLAH!!!
Sitting in on panel abt student journalism at day 2 of #SPJR9 conf. Familiar issues for me w/
hes like a racoon always diging in my garbage. mother fucker never goes away.
#TeamMindless all day, everyday
- Message Me It On Facebook Then , Lol .
nothing but the best
Morning ready to hit the ground running
Thanks for info, shame it wasn't able to be finished. Looks like they could've finished before any real weather got here. Oh well
Before something happens in the world it must first happen in your mind!
thanks! they were well received so maybe I'm onto something (or just obsessed with pie lately)
working with the FANSHOES crew at the office!
45 min walk at 7am in hong kong and I need to change my shirt....should have brought more clothes
glad to see you finally moved out of your parent's house.
AWE TEXT 4RM SCOOP ALL SMILES BEFORE MY GAMES
How bout a knuckle sandwich?
maybe you "rock" a purse.
finally got your braces off!:) now their free!!:) Btw: you have a great smile and perfect teeth!:)
Today sucks. I want to go home.
no. The backlash from the vote tonight minor compared to possibly taking state in November.
and I made it. So. Tired.
this is ridiculous, I'm freaked out now, Luck now mates ((*J*))
i wish i can get these songs
So are you Sabo's bottom half?
apparently Mulder loves the hippie chicks though. Love at first sight.
Think P.I.G. – that’s my motto. P stands for Persistence, I stands for Integrity, and G stands for Guts. ~Linda Chandler
lol was it that bad?! Well if u banked w/boa then I could order you a new one but no CA boa is on a diff system anyway lol
Awesome weather today!
lmaoooo i know im never on here anymore :( lol
Me to "Bad decisions make great stories". response "I have a lot of great stories"
pink courts yes. seems pretty stoked about them. i am not; though can't define my antipathy in 140 characters.
You are 100% ON TARGET!!! thanks for the tweet! too many people think that SM is the answer to what ails them...
I think it's much more American to defend the wealthy than to defend the gross poors and support their moochism. Thank you
Come try out our beer pong tables........or play a game of ping pong. Tiger Beer bottles $2
Last Tweet i just did read it cause it
If Cliff Lee doesn't get the W here, that means hes not very good, right?
I wld love a croque-madame from Morels French Steakhouse & Bistro.. now! **putting it into the universe**
Step it up,
And this -> RT : This -> RT : Everyday I discover something more about #Columbus that I love.
follow back ?
BF on the other hand is completely apolitical (or so he claims)... its why we work I think :p
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONSS
Today turned out to be more interesting than I thought :)
Merry Christmas everyone!
omg haha I was pissed and confused!
Mane dang lol still with them
Only I could run into a Giants fan in Minneapolis! <U+E056>
#TRUST calling me mean wont change who iam....you might get an Even Bigger Asshole out of me
haha you know I don't.
RT “: Nicolas Batum says on a scale from 1 to 10, the pain in his knee is a 5. Says he just twisted it.”
You should come by....RT : Everytime I see a photo/think of , I immediately want a beignet of theirs.
#10 i love being by myself, being followed by friends all the time is annoying >.<
Pretending to not understand my dyslexic boyfriend.
And God saw that it was (damn) good.
how bout you blame the knicks being plain ole trash and bulls being the better team. :smugfavre:
hi :) hello good morning....or good afternoon :) love you <3
shut up
what a beautiful sunrise this morning... Another day to give and be thankful.
congrats on the Masters. More importantly congrats on your son.
i am hoping it's an aug. light machine gun on the wall would be awesome!
I dont like this new twitter. #dislike -dannah
is done with his project for Colonial Williamsburg! Not sure what's more fun: sending in the finished product or sending in the invoice?
I def feel that. What are you doing tonight?
Boston bett me up today. Too tiered!
1 person per area to increase their visibility and recognition by running their local city's business network. Here local business grow!
Volunteering at the #FlyingPig bright and early tomorrow morning! Off to bed :)
The only thing that is stopping me from switching to Netflix is watching The Bachelor live...
Pulitzer Ctr, The LAMP, Baruch, CUNY Jour, Stony Brook, News Literacy Proj panels all starting now. High school students everywhere!
#brewers are too much awesome!
North Dakota are coming over on Friday to finish the EP! 4 songs are recorded and almost ready! <3
if that's why they left you, do you really want them?
RT : If God leads you to it, he will lead you through it
Thanks for the FF Chris!
not yet tweet it to and follow him he'll followback
“: does annyone know some other great songs of #JimiHendrix ???” Yes: Room Full of Mirrors, Machine Gun, Message of Love,Drifting
love u& of course we can't forget bout
u usually jus walk by or do u chill under the heating lamps as well?
Chateau playing for ART Moves lunch hour entertainment - now in our building at 25 S. Oklahoma Ave.
jesus i belive in u ur the reason i belive the reason that i breath for all i am...
Writing the first draft of an article on our Kickstarter experience. We'll let you know when it's done!
where yall at
he just followed you O.O
Happy Friday!
Looking forward to discovering #uwsocial's presence!
If you don't change what you're doing today, your tomorrow will be no different than yesterday.
Another night, another win
I know exactly what I want and who I want!
The men who been here my whole life 1.God 2.Washington 3.Lincoln 4.Hamilton 5.Jackson 6.Grant 7.Franklin I love dem niggas man
Finding the right dog is hard, sigh. Applying to rescue groups sucks, more sigh.
Good Morning Tweeps <U+2665>
That's so sweet of you to offer to ALL of your followers. Haha!
IS IT IN NJ??
Alb bands are to poor to have me film them and put them on youtube.30 bcks is cheap.
Nothing against Dylan Bundy, but striking out Mark Reynolds is by no means an accomplishment
You guys just have no idea what we have in store for you :)
It show is some ugly bitches at ace like omg
Help! Yard smells like cucumbers. Do we have copperhead snakes, or is that just an old wives' tale?
Thanks for the Q&A!
Yay ! Great way to start a season.
lol, i don't got no workshop. hehe :) mines almost done anyways.
you guys are the best!!!! Thank you for my flowers Awesome surprise!
nobody jus felt to tell u dat if it was i wont ever say nun esle to ya
#LMT is "longest movie title," something I just made up for no reason. Now you try. Don't forget to hashtag your entries.
I am listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show on Rewound Radio
#astdrmc-Denison Bill Neale: " there is a fine line between vision and hallucination"
7 Tips to Get Started with a Website Redesign
i like how things are going
Love DEN teacher appreciation week!
Thanks for trying...
Been snacking on and I love everything, especially the veggie chips which seriously satisfy my potato chip craving!
Now it looks like Port Cmsnr Ann Moore will make the presentation to the council Oct. 25. unhappy, sez we need to talk now.
What&#39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan&#39;s Thoughts
Out of class early. Nappin on the futon in the studio.
Aww,thanks. You too! :D
Hard to believe they thought that was a good idea.
Ha, ha, I am a Rick Perry "expert." What about you?QUIZ: How much do you know about Rick Perry? wapo.st/ovt4g6
is my all-time chill artist. Just turn his shit up on my ipod & I'm set.
man, you are lucky they don't tar and feather people anymore....
hay girls
Really don't want to be dealing with this shit right before prom
hey! Avengers in eight days!
We're at commerce if you want to meet up.
what a day what a day it has been! ah well at least i know tonight will be allot better well hope so. cant wait till i get off.
train harder, faster, stronger! Lol
just barely makin it back home in phoenix from denver! long fuckin drive, im ready to crash out for a lil'while!!! ->KimBeezy<-
s/o 2 my homie Fina RELEASE HIS NEW VIDEO: Wat Cha Kno Bout Me
coffee soon?
appreciate the mention and sharing your art.
Exciting day at Faviana today, we are shooting E! for our Oscar dresses. Tune in to E! News tonight at 7 for all the coverage.
I love him, so I have to let him go..
Grand Opening this week = clearance priced Greek apparel! Stop by today!!
Yeeeeessss...I have now perfected the technique for salon bouncy, soft hair at home! It's
Do you know of a tasy recipe for sweet potato pancakes?
/ Not at all necessary, but I will DM you...
Lets see today I had coaching from 10am till 4pm. Designed 2 ads. Then off to a client call with a new friend in England. How was your day?
THE GAME is definitely going on my list of songs to buy from itunes
how're you bby
Good Night!!!
DO IT!
I have never tried (really!) but beignets look great. RT : You may have us there! What is your favorite dessert?
Kiss you a
Dragging desk chair across portland to new office, like a homeless
Just went and bought ice cream with my dad
RT It's not easy for an #Aquarius to bad mouth you, but when they do, be careful because you'll wish you never went there
[film] the distinct difference between green and blue, leaves against sky, birded
Just learned about the movement called "Social Entrepreneurship" - we can all do something!
It pleases me you're exercising, Ms. McIItrot.
Keep your chin slightly tucked in and your jaw relaxed & dropped open. Don't raise your chin for the high notes. Sing in front of a mirror.
congratulations on the book's publication!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
Chicago is DEFINETLY having a signing. :)
I'll say it again ! Why does bad things happen to good people ?
This heffa really thinks she can hang wit me?! Man you haft to be dreaming!
yes I am an actor. I'm just getting my feet wet with if Hough if you know what I mean. I got a great coach and had various parts
someday, somebody will love the fuck out of you.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
#nowplaying "Segment", off Rainbow People. Steve Turre. Nice!
hi bye!
if I didn't have such a cannon for an arm I'd use that next year! Don't wanna hurt you guys lol!
[Campus Bulletin] There is a Tornado Watch on campus this morning, so expect pop quizzes in all your classes.
Do u ever find yrself wanting everything all at once and being frustrated that u can't have it all??
RT : Another peeve: a "personal invite" to event w/price that's a mystery until after submitting name & email. No thx :(
Coach Congrats to you and Coach Mitch both!!!!! GL in the NCAA!
Right! And put the content where the users are looking for it. Films/audios to YouTube, etc.
Nicely done
Serious bummer, man. Was hoping UW didn't have these kinds of problems. Should have known better.
Praying with you for her safe delivery to you all.
MOST OBVIOUS PUNCHLINE! FAMILY GUY! NOT!
M had a good meal :)
Kroger has $2.99 lb. top sirloin. Go get it, I'll grill it!
Today is a day to recognize the teachers in your lives. Be it #InCollege or #UnCollege. We learn everywhere.
This is how I walk. Like Mrs. Ragsdale, my Kindergarten teacher. Maybe she was in pain--I just thought she walked like a zombie...
I, too, support the basis of the OWS movement but the message is getting diluted, hijacked and misused by these folks and others.
There are so many directionators at my school and i just ... Cant deal with them -___-
Ceaselessly intrigued by the angles of the human face & how they always persist. Always change
Abe Lincoln Vampire Slayer, can't wait
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
The public should not be allowed to use public restrooms.
Been here since 545am its now 523pm... off to my jefitas house for dinner!
BOOM!! Long time no talk man hows the shoulder?
It was that feeling of being special & 'worth it' that I think everyone felt empowered w/ yesterday. We're all beautiful humans!
brandon marshall to the bears, cutler back, mario williams possible? NFC North might be beastly next year, hope Lions can keep up
I just saw one of those greenpeace chicks with hairy ass legs. Way to NOT convince me to help change the world.
You know new those songs you discover and listen to on repeat for the next few weeks? For me right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE.
I forgot How awesome old REM is, IRS years. Thank you spotify
I work full time as a sales director in oxford england have you ever been to the UK ?
How's the Big Apple without us? Friendship fail. At least we have Park City.
The pursuit of perfection focuses on what is not good enough. Instead think dedication, effort, and commitment; which focuses on growing.
when u are just reaching out for someone to be there for you but they just leave.
The Hall of Famer, Patrick Ewing, is on the list as one of the 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All Time.
I'm spreading the joy 2day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Best coffee in Portland - thanks for sharing and Happy 2012!
so proud of you brauny!!! #rule2 honor thy buffalo
The Senators [Wong and Faulkner] have passion ... we could use more of that in the House
:o what about thor? I think that's his name lol HIS BODY >
u already have a boo
forreal though? lol you're going to die because the baking time is like 50 minutes.
wtf is the world coming too!
Even though we hate each other Happy Birthday
This is especially true when you nurture it
please follow me i love youu
I will cut a bitch! Done it bfor n aint scared to do it again!
what video did you just shoot?
Thanks Tracy, it's been fun...and I'm glad you appreciated it.
Marking our calendar for the upcoming culinary events. Look forward to seeing you there!
Need a Motion Graphics/Animation artist to create a tutorial/instructional video. Potential to go long-term. Freelance. Off-site. Who's in?
really thank you!!!!!! <3 But you will need to tell me why exactly she had to unfollow you ..
Wow mom is settin me up car next month then truck in 6 boohh ya(: oh and new HTC phone in 2 months for birthday(: #lifeisfreakingreat ...
lmao Thank you!! Xo
Super stoked to be 100% cleared and DONE with physical therapy. It's been long a battle, but well worth it!
have fun!!!
o. well you should go just to see my beautiful face (;
Weakest walk-off sac fly ever by Braun. Morgan was out. But #Brewers will take it.
Yeah buddy!
oh my. Is that a bad phonetic spelling of Kennedy?
Forget that... I'm not giving anyone the pleasure of my death via shower. I can't see shit.
Watching My brother freaking out about a Yu-Gi-Oh contest. >.<
KU shows some life.
Have wonderful wheek!
Gay marriage could be wedge issue where Obama looks like flip-flopper but his opponents look abysmally wrong.
I just want to buy shoes & clothes I need a sponsor! Any takers? :)
You guys remember when Austin left me in that store in Nashville?? Yeahh that was a terrible day. </3
Wish I had a tennis partner right now it is crazy nice out
At the Double Quick in Clarksdale. Time for some Pickoolas!! (Pickles and Kool-Aid)
constant shuffling of the chairs isnt doing us any favours. We missed our chance of a generational leader in '07
"My girlfriend sucked 37 d%#ks." "In a row?"
i know right i hate that stuff
Born in the 919 until they change it to 252.. Ya know
It's deep,It's street,comin' at u in 3G speeds,Welcome to RockVille! (Meet the RockVillains)Where anything's possible(Meet the RockVillains)
bout to call Maria ;))
Thanks for the review Justin! We appreciate your support!
The radio always play a song thats been out for like a year now and calls it "NEW MUSIC!!" ...No
Versace© and Robin Jeans© linen today. What's everyone else rocking today ?
Early morning work flow blues... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I feel like absolute shit.......
Gosh. I sure do a lot of overtime. Oh well, at least it's fun.
I think that's probably the case
I have an issue with women whose areolas aren't clearly defined.
Trying my best to live right cause I want God to hear my prayers when I pray!
Are we going to be inside or outside tomorrow?
Forgive & forget, bitch I already forgot .
have a reality TV show style competition. Obstacle course, confessional booth, cockroach eating, vote off ivory tower
Gay in here be thinking its American best dance crew
what a perfect space for a museum!
I feel you.. we'll definitely cut down on that. thanks for the support
been watching slightly in phone ....now on TV ....no offense again?? Good pitching by them???
It doesn't matter if you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running. ~Anonymous
Time to read The Hunger Games!
I thought the Adele one was pretty good too, but what do I know :-)
Happy Easter everyone, and also happy birthday to
Besides working at , what is your summer dream job? -PT
I'm as baffled as you are. It's bizarre.
wouldn't that be great
registering for #jcdl2012? i based my funding request 2 months ago on the 2010 AUS$ cost. :P
Mark Madden, wherever you are, me and a bunch of others are gonna make your article a dead issue. We are the stars, watch us shine.
I luv that ur a living brother!!! Lmfao ;D
RT : Couples massage at with the wife!!
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
thanks!:) i thought you would like it!have you heard young the giant?
we have talked to Digitaria before. Great guys. We have been working with MJD on our web revamp. Like them alot.
I messin' with ya Truths! How many IU win by tonight?
Heading off post but they won't tell me what we're doing. Only supposed to be 63 in Fairbanks today so I'll be bringing my jacket again!
forget about golden girls what about mary tyler moore show? loved her in that
He said " what do Chief Keef put on his Tacos? ...Sosa Baby! LMFAO
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. ~Seneca
David McCollough, almost as cool as Robert Osborne.
This is a great time to start dividing your perennials. If you do it correctly, you can have several beautiful thriving #plants to enjoy
LOL! You Pepper Ann and Pippi Longstocking are a crew huh?
I lost to myself which leads to both jubilation and self-hate.
Some people just will not change and that is terrible.
Just his shadow...RT : any sign of Peyton yet?
getting business manga started.
lol yea he is
photographing? When do you leave? Should def be a double high five.
Yes, exactly! I always have bacon grease available. Seared cabbage in bacon grease? M.
Stupid people need to stop and think "what am i about to say" before they speak the retarded thought that is about to leave their mouth
No school monday, Richmond today, get to go in late tomorrow and thursday. Can you say best week of school ever?
- why who are you
Well, at least Ben did not get injured tonight. Or at least could walk off the field. It's been a rough season.
Disappointed they closed the store in #Ardmore PA - why aren't there more stores in #Philly area?
Thank heaven for VCRs (why does my grandson say they’re obsolete?) Cuing up week 1 vs. Saints. Aaron was spectacular!
To do list: 1. Hustle 2. Keep game tight 3. Drip Swagu 4. Make that paper 5. Run this 6. Go from the window to the wall 7. Brief rest.
Thanks for following! Look forward to your insights.
Boys are so difficult, the hell with it!
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...Proverb from Sierra Leone
Have you tried hooking up your MP3 player or a USB player to the car?
Don't tempt us--writing is hard enough!
Anyone used a drawing app to sign official docs? Wondering if Ian & I can sign something w/o needing to print & fax. Acrobat for aypd?
- I'll be there!! Can't wait!
Wow! RT : "69% of people mark spam based on subject line." -
My mom cannot stop talking about getting a puppy! She isn't picking him up for a month but already named him...
somehow got out of your call & couldn't reconnect via internet. Kept getting recorded version! :-(
Hey, I got your DM but it wouldn't let me respond since you're not following me. But to answer... Yes, that info is correct.
my diet plan consists of eliminating the best and adding more worst
Closest I can find is "Advertising is the poetry of capitalism," which is a quote from Michael Maynard.
Hahahaha she's dumb.
Just launched our facebook page today. Complete with new mixes of our songs
imagine flightposite as a pair of crocs
stephuu are you working today?
Man, I can never fall asleep the night before I leave for awhile. Back to packing.
Omg. Code purple? LOL. I blame Nolan. :p But seriously, someone makes a tumblr "Dirty Bieber Secrets" God, horny beliebers.
Yeah but its true :P
November 22nd, Chicago, IL. I'll try to be there :) I will tear shit up!
Oh shit. I haven't texted Marc yet today. It's our 5 month.
Ball State: If you are in sales/advertising and graduating this spring, let me know. Social media/digital skills preferred!
What language is this?
Jogging in the heat!!!
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the number of moments that take your breath away..."
Go away work, but leave my money. 7-11 = Hell
EXCUSE ME
Obama's visit of the campaign finance ATM machine otherwise known as California. My story for
"just like a road block stops traffic,unforgiveness stops blessings and progress with the almighty God"-Tommy 2 Chips
you should follow me.
what's up! Thanks for the love! He'll yah well see you at backbooth!
I just met u and this is crazy but here's my number- call me maybe ( that song is so catchy) lol
Bk frm d doc.. My fat fat done cried his self yo slp mad cause he couldn't talk on d phone poor bby nobody wanted 2 ans d phone #its all gud
I think you are right, because it takes 2 way conversation for community but only 1 way for an audience.
what up
Thx my love!! Xo RT : Happy mothers day
good! Just playing around with instagram. Hope all is well with you my friend!
Well I wasn't wrong and is the best thing that's happened to my life and I can't even express how much I love her!!!
Dont look back. Something might be gaining on you. ---Satchel Paige
#4 Who will pay me?
There was a little bit of bumping int the office this morning. What are you guys listening to today?
Dude I've been up since Friday, with no nap.
counting down the months until its my bday sep 5!
Friday & i just got paid U might find me on the Westside, Southside I'm even going across the bridge y'all. Cause I'm Living 4 the Weekend
Sure! I love the idea...but it's on SO late! I can't stay up that late... boo! Gotta DVR it!
I should probably start packing or something since I leave for Palm Springs in 5 hours.
LOL where did u sit and ya LOL
Well, it sure as hell wasn't the Brewers highlights, or lack there of!
Tragedy + TIME = Comedy
happy mother's day. Just from following you...you are great reporter but I can tell an even better momma!
We are rarely proud when we are alone. - Voltaire
Haha! Have you ever read about how they shoot the show? Google it! Very interesting.
At #ACLUcon getting smart about criminal justice reform. Did you know 71% of folks in CA jail are awaiting trial?!
No, but DM me your address and I will mail you one.
People in the city really do not like using the word excuse me. When trying to get past someone.
Just got a tour of the Boston Globe! Thank you !
High School girls playoff basketball. My daughter's team ThunderRidge against my wife's alma mater Cherry Creek. Who will she root for?
what's da move Mac
Or you could send me your address and save me a lot of time and trouble.
objectives, participant pre-work, agenda, evaluation of meeting
whos watching videos at 3:38 am? this girl right here haha :)
Same! RT : Getting ready for the #styleliner reception in DC!
Ask her about the baby animal videos. RT : Help me. She's so weird.
I love it, I love it, I love it, when you eat it...
umm um that's close to Methuen right? I was just in Methuen.
March scmarch. I turned the game on at the bar with 6 min left, and now people are yelling and screaming for overtime
I wonder what's going on when I find myself dreaming in French. Been years since I lived there, & I don't speak it regularly now.
I disagree. It's because 24 million people subscribe already. They are not going to shit in their own bed
Wrapping up another great day of helping clients hit their budgets!!
ew Lauren you so nasty i want the real deal
sooner than later lol.
Thanks! Happy New Year! RT : Thanks for the follow ! #NF your personal page as well :)
Right on man! RT Focus!!! Don't want that feeling ever again!!!! #grizznation!!
Kurt Elling and his CD Nightmoves is one smooth sound. I am sorry I did not find out about him sooner.
Moving toward more partnerships and resource sharing is the first great movement of the 21st Century.
thank you <3 and no problem
tell me
Im always on her mind and she always in my thoughts
club boo.......splash
I can't live up to my twitter handle now :-(
i am smoking on exoctic ! lmao !
True or false. Next season tech has a wr gain a 1000 yards.
RT : Glad the Lakers won. The NBA Playoffs without Kobe Bryant is like a golf tournament without Tiger Woods. The sport needs Kobe
“: Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.”
best video I've seen all day.
My hubby & I were there just last weekend & bought the 5 pk punch card! Can't wait to go back!
Can't do worst than what I just did. :)RT : tais-toi !!!! On a le match après l'Euroleague !!!!!
im so scared for itt
blah blah blah!
Excellent. Who came out on top? Either way, death wins out.
oh now you guys are against tatoos!!!...nah, just playing.
Enjoying a yummy Caramel Brulee w/1 pump Toffee nut Frappuchino from the Bucks, m....
oh i will check
not sure why my twitcon is upside down, but okay.
I am in the midst of eating an $11,000 cookie. It’s pretty good. It’s cinnamon sugar and goes perfect with my cup of very strong Java.
crazy bastard
Interesting how article about and how her Twitter influences her website traffic.
": You must let go of your ex to receive your next. You can't embrace the future while clinging to the past."
Just took Ryan Mathews for $32 on $200 budget; Right where I had him at financially.
it's crazy how many people already registered, i saw that it opened up at midnight!
If you're a porn star you might as well Unfollow me because I'm not following you back.
What happens if you don't get #TiVo caught up before all the fall premieres?
Great turnout for #MidtownEco planning session tonight! Facilitators were a Who's Who of smart people who care about the future of the ATL.
Stay in tuned Colorado! Follow
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : ALA Member? Have you voted? If not, you have just until tomorrow! Hunt up email with your ballot info & vote. Now.
IM JUST NOT OKAY
I hate when ppl tweet u, when they can easily text me!
that takes the "pre-skool" movt to another level!
remember james use to have the most tickets and he ain't never do anything lmao like "WTF!!!!!!!"
haha. BB PlayBook? How is it?
still not getting anything from you can you tell me the sizes here
more like my role models.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
No, its coming back to live in Alaska, be refurbished and once again be part of our rolling stock. Down the road....
Back at ya :)
Well I'm doing what I think's best for me: better school, better pay at work, and only an hour away from Ty
#jelenaduet LOVE u guys!!!!
haha! thanks! today is my first day on twitter!
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle
This weekend is the annual Garage sale! A ton of fantastic local shops and artists under one roof Saturday Hall!
“: thank you for helping me many many times with your teaching” YES!!!!! Me too
Beautiful day, beautiful beach, and one more night with the one man band phenomenon known as Ben Prestage! Starts at 8:30...see you then!!
#DiningbyDesign ends today at 6pm, pier 94 nyc. If you have not checked it out yet, you are missing out.
Only thing I'm scared of , is knowing one day this life will be over. (saddest tweet lol)
wanna find out? (; lol
cant figure out if i wanna be 96 Dre3k or 2012 Dre3k with the mask for next halloween
right!!! Every day.
RT if you think im cute(:
Attending a Citation Tools workshop at PSU Shenango. Starting with Zotero, glad I know Zotero guru
Attending Horizon Report Webinar via my iPad. So far, good.
Congrats Chrissy you deserve all what you have! You guys are a beautiful couple
I dnt want it all just my fair share..
don't you know it's a Saturday?! Hope you can get a nap.
$ZNTR is on an upward move
- yes, very sad. she was not a public freak show. she needed help. how many more like her to come and go?
she's not finished yet but there's 11,000 runners!
I know! :( Que mal. I'm shooting someone on Thurs & promised my sis I'd help her w/bby shower stuff. Hmph. >:(
Wonder what conservative media will have to say about this major victory for the President, or more appropriate "our nation".
oh, I dunno - I was waxing on and off in 1969 (not to mention boxing 1962-1964)...
rt please Johnny's Hideaway Ladies-don't forget you get your first drink #free tonight after 8pm-Happy Monday!!!
Let's #GoPackGo They ain't fucking wit us
sounds good!!! thanks :))
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it ~ Anaïs Nin
only where booze is concerned!
I love it when former cast members host SNL. #Reunionshow!
Government shutdown..still up learning more by the hour..over healthcare,medicare,planned parenthood..are you serious?
looking like his daddy and sht
Coffee is so good!!! Good morning everyone!!
I need to send u a dm so follow me back..
#MesaCollegeSecret There is a food truck down by the Science bldg (near the construction) that sells delicious Lumpia! Go get some!
OMG!! I LOVE your new Pic <3
Chris Newman is a professional sign painter. You can see his work (including sandwich board) at Eugenio's - send DM
... developing intimacy and sex-role identity. Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
nope its been the same for years!!
thanks girl :)
word I learned today: psephology.
woah. I think I need to start riding the bus with you.
Also, did you know we have an reference Twitter account?
Children's authors to follow: Edith Fine , Suzanne Santillan & Karen Coombs
Let us know if you are a Civil War Sesquicentennial commission and we haven't connected with you yet!
My mother isn't letting me do this American Idol thing tomorrow fml ive been practicing so hard and now i dont even get a shot at it :'(
using Android right now. But v. tempted by the new iPhone.
Space still available for green products or services 7 Michigan Made products call 313 288 2126 or
: how she get my number?
beautifully stated "time waits for nobody" What do you think about the chat page? Life coaching? honestly......... :)
I'm glad my son has an 11:00 O'clock soccer game this morning, because it's freezing outside right now.
yea if my mom gets the battery
Yay! I don't smoke on any day either, let alone today, haha. Also, 49 days! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Iris smacked me thinking I was wallly -_-
Why my lil cousin called a sewage a dookie ditch
Did u hear that the lakers are still gonna 3peat !!! Let's go lakeshow.
Lol YES. The shit was so funny, but weak as fuck at the same time lmao
u may not be good at many things, but that's one area that I can definitely hang ;). Lunch soon?
Smash party.
we are cleaning up the cincinnati roadways until 1230 this afternoon!
oh my my oh hell ya you got to put on that party dress jammin it on our way
Looking forward to BEA - Nyx will be coming along!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
Sweet. We have the awesome from Story of Stuff at the wheel of today.
Sorry for the unfollow but #nfb no follow back. Let me know if you'd like help with your Soc Media Marketing.
My puppy is so cute! I hate leaving him in the morning for school! ):
Totally going to try to get designs up on walls and have more black hat sessions. Design focused process, here we come!
Ppl Get Mad When You Don't Invite Them Somewhere But Never Show Up When You Do Invite Them.. o_O FUCK IZ GOODIE
Never once did Lebron talk shit about his trash ass teammates when he played for the Cavs..
Happy birthday !
Haslem and Miller: The Florida Boyz!
hahahah , i think my spermies are dead. That or the holes i've been poking in these condoms arent big enough.
RT : Since end of Oct >1,700 jobs have been announced in Greater #RVA: Capital One, CapTech , , HDL &
Congrats to ! Let's
At a friend's house and the dog just pissed on me bahaa
win a free trip to the Palace Resorts Choose from 12 Beautiful - 5 Star Hotels -
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
why are you on the floor?
me go with you.!
You're a fan no doubt, but if You're rooting for them to suck to get a better draft pick, then ur a bad fan
you are crazy
Hoping for smoke machine, fans streaking across the stage, bloody mosh pit, bubbles.
Going to physical therapy.
who buzzin about our live auction in the ABQ?
you're pretty ok too :)
Great success requires you, risk and resiliency
Jim Jones used religion for evil, but others have enhanced lives and made society better. I'm not sure the religion itself matters
haha we had a conversation about this earlier. i think you might just be jealous
and a handshake! Will you be there sunday?
PLEASE FOLLOW
Might not of seen her in person but I got to see my girlfriends face for once this week!
me too! then everyone sits here and tries to convince me that i shouldn't like him.
Crazy people that's who! But yes organic carpet cleaner... Now the toddler pee stain is another story.
Everyone has a something they can log in with Open ID- why leave anonymous blog comments?
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Remember, how it looks on the paper at first is not as important as getting the idea down on the paper. You can always fix it later.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
stock up on hot chocolate! :)
With that said, tomorrow (or today when I wake up later) is gonna hurt
Q6 Informational signs should be accurate & easily found and read.
Thanks for the tutorial! I have now officially passed level 1 in new catalog searching.
What's up everyone? Anyone watching #Tosh tonight?
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall! dat voice oh lord.
uh, YES, but i was more of a JTT gal, then he became a major dork
Holy irrational fear, Batman! "I hope I don't sleep for 24 hours straight" danced through my head. When have I & why would my alarm fail?
Good stuff from MMS RT : Some info from the Microsoft Private Cloud Certification session
Can you believe we've only got a couple more weeks until the kids go back to school?!
Very interesting approach to mental health -- bring the therapists to you! Check it out:
Cats are slow on the promos.
this has turned into an impromptu bar mid week bar crawl for some reason
I'm not afraid of death: I'm just not a big fan of it. Usually.
How is everyone's night so far? :D
Are you arguing the 0! = 1 by shuffle is an abuse of the empty set?
You're just whiny.
Please forgive the repeat sales reminders, but we don’t do this often, and want to reach everyone in our Twittersphere.
Kim Peek reads two pages at once- his left eye reads the left page, and his right eye reads the right page. Takes him about 3 seconds a page
I am getting HUNGRY.
It sucks how some Beliebers meet Justin like 10 times, and im just here watching Justin Bieber videos & praying for meet him one day
Set up for that thing must be a real bitch.
Suggested Event! Thaw out your turkey
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. ~ Henry Ford
I won't tell a soul ...
Clinton impeachment, Bush v Gore, increased use of filibuster, Tea Party - all right wing, not "partisanship on both sides."
A glass iPhone?! It's hard enough not to drop and break the current one, made of plastic and metal and whatnot...
"As you think, so shall you become" Bruce Lee
Get excited for the "Tap-Haven," the extensive beer garden at Beer-Con this year.
I must have picked a good one. :)
I'm buying Mega Millions after work today... don't judge.
less than a week!
The fat woman I always complain about is having an awful time with the heat today.
We are packed with TOPTIONAL ppl today! Love this place!
is working hard to produce what is MUCH bigger and greater than I am . . . which equates to little sleep. : )
I'm in a weird re-tweety mood
I've made that drive a few times. Wait for the view from the long bridges. Be safe.
SON? You made an "older" man feel young :-)
It looks good & sounds good, which r the 2 most important things when it comes to a reel.More footage would help,but it will come.
oh. Muaha!! Avs will ALWAYS be my number 1 team!
shoiuld not sing beach boys....
haha thanks?? And well I would hope so b/c it's my profile picture. Lol
But, I'll obviously be an Orioles fan always.
Not looking forward to breaking the news to my son in the AM that the adults of Bmore couldn't get their act together enough to do better.
There must be something in the beer at JLA...I have a craving for crazy bread.
I'm gonna go to the Mystics home opener next Monday night.
Thank you so much! It means the world to us, stay in touch!
So true!
cuz u no have a passport
That's funny! More class actions!
I would quit the app and re-start it
I thank for making that video showing me because now I am hooked on his music!!!
Got a lot of nigga hatin but the harder they hate the harder I go fuck any nigga that don't like it we WINNING over Here lol
Wainting For the Ravens Game tonight ,hopeing they lick some butt tonight against the Steelers
thanks! I'll definitely take you up on that in the future.
True love will come.
"Art is not therapy."
Just munched a 'Roses' road goodie worth 5 points!
FML, waking up to a loudmouth and can't go back to sleep! Love you lexi, but pleas for the sake of all that is good, shut up!!
Devon they are ur real family! A family is flawed. Get used to it~
arent they making another one ? Oh wait.. I think thats footloose. Nvrmnd. Lol
Hot yoga was incredibly intense today! But I feel pretty good now :)
Whos down to hangout... I cant stand another min at my house I needa get out.
go fall down some steps! Lol
I officially abandoned this show after the delivery episode. I will put up with a lot from TV, but that? Awful.
I knew if I came home id find stuff to do other than study.
Asdfghjkl i'm so tired. Goodnight. x
Excuse me Mr Harrison but I don't think you are allowed to do that....
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live
When someone gets news of someone close to them having a rare blood cancer it really gives you time to pause
THANKS for helping to fix the site. Our parents are very happy with the GREAT DEALS they got. THANKS!!
A bad day at school means it will be a great time at the gym
Filming thursday and friday! =D
I'm getting ready to crash. Been a big day! With lots getting done. Did you get my email reply? Hope it wasn't too long.
Theon is such a punk
what does that friend suggest
15- penguins thats so cute!!!!!! i love christina perri too :) we should talk more!!! <U+2665>
yeah that's what I meant. I was just saying it'll be hard because I wrote for fast flow, which I'm not 100% used to.
Turn on your TV! It's OVERTIME for and ! Make some noise for our 2011 #OldSpiceClassic team !
Haven't tweeted in so long. Can't wait to see NY. Hoping that it'll be what I expect it to be.
Damn i missed something good on the OKC game!:/
You know she a keeper if I'm not getting stressed out
i can tell you what goes on at the bradley center but i wont. lol
RT "Never be the first, never be the last" -Vincent Chase
Felt guilty to give The Beatles a "thumbs down" on Pandora. But when I did the next song was Michael Franti & Spearhead. Fair trade.
No instagrams from any of youses in the last 24 hours?! C'mon get with it!
So bored wish someone would text me
And, I made the #SHINEonline paper again! Good times!!
oh yeah, I saw Denny Crum at Churchill Downs yesterday, man he is
the rain stopped!!!!!! Woohooo!!!!
he is.
Dont you wish some days where like the last :/
#NowWatching The Roommate with my momma <U+2665>
just got out of the shower.I'm #supercold! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I didnt wish you a happy birthday! Im sorry !!
Good things are coming my way
Thank you to both of you for the sweet mentions!
#rbms09 RBMS 50 for 50 Campaign is a success! Please go to the 50 for 50 tab on the Scholarships tab of the preconference website for more!
gorgeous! puts our PDX sunny day to shame...
#iWant a British accent
look look look look look look look look look look look look look look
Montreal v Chicago for the atmosphere.
awesome play in the 4th quarter...sucks that we lost, but I'll take you guys any day of the week and twice on Sundays!
Oh Man just got the reminder of why FB is so Creepy.. Ppl U know in real life Stalk U like a stranger with a Trench coat & Sticky Palms
I DON'T HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 0450 TOMORROW MORNING! Yaay! So what should I do with my free time? Oh I know, hw..........
that looks pretty involved. How about you make me a batch and send them over?
#Socialphobia is not shyness. People with #socialanxiety are constrained by their condition & cannot participate like shy people do.
Emergency personnel continually monitoring the situation. We will keep everyone informed if any schools will be delayed or closed
Just sent a letter to the Oregonian. What have you done to save the Beavers today? How about emailing the mayor: .or.us
Oh, of course. I thought maybe the new fashion trend was gingerbread men costumes and 90s rave gear.
RT : Thanks for the new batch of gin labels! - Thanks, we think they are GLORIOUS!
I wish I could still skate.....
That awkward moment when you see a random guy w out a shirt in middle of street playing ukulele when its cold,on a bike...middle of traffic.
Finally did it.. Well that took a huge load off my chest.
2011: A time to write and to compose, to practice and to perform, to produce and to engineer, to mix and master, to record and play it back.
CFO: Driving force, sustainable, equity. Biss (mathematician): But how did you measure? CFO: Went as far as could & be fair.
It's just one of those "I'd rather not work" days... Except that's almost everyday for me
Im a good girl... but got a swag thats Bad <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Pandora on the mexican station, reminds me of the summer I'd spend at my brothers playing beer pong.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 6
Tiger Lily by Jodi Lynn Anderson is a reimaging of Peter Pan. Watch out
yes do it. It's your culture
Singers that compose new songs from their hearts that are used to change our lives
#i312m5 Where do you get your data on how much companies lose due to infringement?
good morning!
State finals!
Sitting back watching Antwone Fisher.... This a good ass movie........
I wonder where Prince William rented that suit
true point!
Forgot it was hump day!
You hungry baby girl? I got you! :-D
Totally agreed. I can't believe they thought that was a good idea. I wish more states had helmet laws.
If it makes you a geek, then we can be geeks together. I love Chicago Public Radio.
I think 's tweets are super lame but I still have a crush on him.
damn! That's some scary stuff. You need to invest in a PP90M1. It's small and it has a high fire rate. Lol
Dude happy ending by mika is like my life right now <-Kelsey xoxo>
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
Lonely Tonight :(
It is Record Store Day! Help support your local record store, or buy some tunes from your favorite artists!
Waited in line with some nice fellas at Universal Studios a couple years ago. Never knew it was until today.
I didn't say favorite anywhere in my tweet.........
maaaaaannn that's what I be thinkin in my head!!! And we're older than I'm own.
For sure!! Followed :)
last day to use for looks like a great day for some photos! keep that sun shining.
Compassion for myself is the most powerful healer of them all.
they also get buried under rocks or look up at the stars when it's rec time in the yard...dope boys is stone age
Nice!!! #therapythursdays #rehabultralounge RT : might stop by around midnight bro!
Mitch McConnell looking oddly frightened.
The laws and commandments are not a checklist, they are a reflection of how we live our lives
My class reunion is coming up real soon
I smile & say today from 3 yrs ago was the first time Justin Bieber put his first tweet(:Your Amazing Justin<3You grew up too FAST!I Love U!
Monday! A great week lies ahead! I must find bacon.
Tell these niggas mane I'm still spending 09 cash in its 2012 all I know is making money business mind like I studied at Yale #$$$
Shakes the clown!
IM PROVIN A POINT!x
Hey man! Just saw you're going to #PubCampWest this weekend. Will be good to catch up.
Thanks for all the followers! We appreciate everyone.
Follow me??
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 used backwards design and ADDIE Model for course redesign
oh it is! Def worth trying
ah thanks. Pretty standard stuff. Never quite sure why people like internal relations so much.
Tacos for dinner!
Sitting at my old high school watching every one walk n for prom.Holla
Yes! Justin bought a funnel cake! Ate it all and handed me the plate of sugar! Or what was left of the sugar!
Free the captives
wat r u doing doll?
RT: I'm not going to continue to make you a priority if you simply make me an option.
That awkward moment when you swear you hear WMYB but its not playing.... I swear its wired into my head.
HANDSHAKES? xD RT : Since we're doing work still I guess I'll start carrying my binder -_- But that means one - armed hugs .-.
9:22pm on a Saturday, working on my #mlanet12 poster due on Monday. hmm, wonder when the coffee shop closes...
u r a fail
Mets all day you know it!! Lol
Thanks, Danielle. I love #SB! RT happy birthday! much love from santa barbara! ;)
Im going to down town babeD: RT : come over ill mske you breakfast!:D
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” <U+2015> Bob Marley
goodmorning...thanking god for another 24....
The detective in the Trayvon Martin case looks exactly like George Lucas.
My heart goes pitter patter! Happy New Year
She's like an even more disgusting Janeane Garofalo.
omg jealous!
Crazy, but I'm digging it!
yall some wallstreet hustlers for real
One-game playoff, top 7: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0. Reagan pitcher Austin Hays has retired 11 in a row. Carroll's Dumes has retired 9 in a row
really i will call back in a minute
Just 3 more days!
My 300 tweet s/o goes to waking up at 10 am like a normal college student, not 0450!
and I also hope everything gets better. U'll be ok. I'm in the same situation... I live with my mom in MT, I moved from OR.
Just had to use algebra to solve a second graders homework. Wut the deuce???
Ted Nugent Furious Army Nixed Gig Over Obama Comments, Does He Have A Point? - Cinema Blend
waaaat? Omg if you don't go we'll have one of our crazy Friday night, on a saturday
barring it up skidz?
I wouldn't say 'stage fright', but I do get nervous each time. I think it comes with in the package, nervousness. Lol
Your life will become better by making other lives better. ~ Will Smith
Thanks for reading! ( says thanks too)
Ugh im in such a bad mood.
So close to the waves yet I feel as if I'm so far off shore.
go heat!
for wine, I'll stand next to y'all do you can wear as high heels as you'd like.
In college, I beat my bf and his weight lifter friends in a pork chop eating contest: 22 chops
At benihanas. Lol this chef is crazy
Practical question and assessment: How does feminism influence all your decisions in practice?
damn chevy chase
son aint going for it
just finishin a research project
#Oomf better hurry up!
Like Donkey Kong! See we're a match. Lol!
a 10 A.M. Fade has never hurt anyone. P.s I'd tip you real good.
That was really funny! Loved Crafty and the pizza... :)
Sean penn is a perfect example of real charity work. What he's doing in Haiti is extraordinary.
The nfl might go on strike tomorrow
Sowwy. I don't need 5 billion "bestfriends" running around
RT if you fear the things you can't know or don't understand.
I'll be back later. Random idea: beauty chan on youtube where all the tips are centered around natural beauty. Ok someone run with it!
Well, they didn't really COVER it at all... lol.
You're making us blush. Thank you for the kind words!
I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying the new scene. I've always known tht CA was better suited for your free-spirited self
Everyone in the Palestine and surrounding area's should come hang out with us tonight at Outlaw Country :)
Overhearing loud explanation of black holes = accidental procrastination. Sounds like there are paper napkin diagrams accompanying this.
next week with me babes I think x
it's... not really water? But not juice. And kind of tasted like pineapple? I gave up and switched to actual water.
Sex, race, & religion are being deliberately used to divide us as a nation! We must NOT let the pols & media do so!
Go Ray! Ray Allen is the man!
#3WordsForYou There's a reason.
I'm headin' west like I'm fucking blowing Kanye... Literally. Lubbock bound jammin Gambino.
Stiles got me excited cause of wat he said 2 derek ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Ugh I am so jealous
definitely closer to book one. Did you have a version you liked more? So many people have varying opinions on the subject.
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney joins us at 2:10pm here on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
is atlanta close to any deals?
I had completely forgot about the Drake concert on Monday. Damn what a life I live :)
In the post-Detroit Fanfare ruckus, the new Jane will be delayed a bit. But in the meantime, we've added a couple blog posts and wallpapers!
I really dnt care
I think we might have something here!
Missed the pre-sale for on Thurs......Now Missing the 10am Gen sale. ERGH!!!
Heading out to film the Chinese New Year festival! Who all is going?
Going to the post office to apply for a new passport! Hopefully it doesn't take too long..
awhh yay! Im so excited...ill have to make some popcorn when i watch it lol ;)
That must be tattoo related.
Heyo! Thanks for following!
Ugh, men's indoor track 2012, not 2011. I've gotta stop texting tweets.
of course ;)
Future plans: undergrad in finance and minor in economics, go to law school, become a corporate attorney, own my own firm, run for office!
Nice reading list at the end there.
lmfao. Dogs are fucking weird. Hilarious.
Bored boutda go to sleep
Just kidding.... cake and drugs <U+E046><U+E30F>
y'alls work for during SXSWi was really smart, creative, and totally on-strategy. Very impressive!
Yikes RT Vikes thought made deal @$427m, bills asks $452-$532m. With taxes may be unworkable. will see who blinks. Only 2 days left!
So pumped to check out the fresh meat and produce at the Chicago French market tonight
ha , i bet it did ; felt like one of my punches
is driving through night to get back to the bay for more auditions after seeing her boy place 3rd overall and WIN 1st in his class.
My phone is always on vibrate. I never answer calls. Not anymore. This bitch is gonna be on loud. #ESTFAM knows why. .
congrats, Quinn! What fantastic news! They are very lucky to have you.
RT : I'm attempting to locate Googleplex by following the scent of innovation mixed with stock options.
i'm between SE and DE btw any idea what's goin with TSC ? you heard anything yet?
Kid's night at the MKE Cty Zoo with the fam, now Whale Wars off the DVR.
Fun night coming to an end. Now heading home
Corned beef at for lunch, BBQ at for dinner.
I'm going with Hot Shots for sure. After that...????
No, I never did get lost, but I was bewildered for three days once.
I love when I get retweeted it makes me feel important
So glad you will be able to see the game. I know how "normal things" and enjoyable events are important when things are stressful
my obsession with wicked is out of control
Just put myself on the waitlist for the audio of The Fault in Our Stars. Thanks for the recommendation!
No omg. I cant. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>RT : if they don't answer don't call again
My birthday is this Thursday. <3
No power as of 4:50pm
That was pretty punk rock, actually.
When you're Being yelled at to clean your room because company is coming over and you're like "so dinner is being served in my room?" smh
on the bus with my girl Mely to the mall
Your TASTE BUDS just called us and placed an ORDER cause they wanted some FLAVOR!!! Come pick up your food!
Who's ready to make it happen today? Hope your day is amazing!
Be careful. D;
RT 2NIGHT IS GOING 2 B CRAZY WE HAVE 50CENT CORONAS&WELLS TILL 12AM AND U!
Retweet if you are excited about the concert with the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra tomorrow night at the Alice Tully Hall!
I am looking for businesses interested in offering a one day coupon. For more information, email me at
mann shit get on fucken nerves
#easterbunny is on his way to !
The internet is magic.
I want sum cheesecake
Total late start to the day, but at least it's #ThirstyThursday! One more day until the weekend!
Who is ready for tonight?
they will come! We're going in order! Have to space all the photos out so each sport doesn't get buried. :)
yall shld do a coverr of Forever by Chris Brown
or maybe she did notice... Haha
wow I actually did that today!
did you move up here yet?
JB I dream every night I can not wait to meet you (for once) I would love to have your autograph your fans KSENIA i love <3
Are you going to DC?
“Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing”
Yeah! Happy Birthday baby Sloan!
Dine in or pick up a slice & fountain drink & garlic bread - each just 99 Cents - Mon-Wed between 10am and 3pm.Try a Fried Ravioli app-$5.99
You like the guns, men, or the men with guns?
I cry every time i see an #ASPCA commercial...I guess that's the idea
Wow. That was a fight: Brown vs Thompson
Now I'm fucking happy <U+E415>they put the #mw3 dlc pack into the regular playlist now I get to play what ever mode I want... #xboxlive <U+E113><U+E311><U+E11D>
I don't. I use a water belt. RT : Does folks run with a camelbak? cc
"Do, or do not. There is no 'try'." - Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back')
k! thanks love! :)
would rather be listening to the Brewers Radio Network than this lecture!
Stop the press!! There's a Panera bread in Manhattan??!! Yes!
Nice. See you then
This is one of the few nights I wish I had a TV to watch #chopped All-Stars on Hope 's DVR comes through.
Insurance continuing education meeting may be the most boring show I've ever done
closed on both accounts. and during finals too! i really don't get this place...
waking up isn't the problem, it's actually getting up, dressed & having something that pays for me to leave out the door!!!!
lol shut up dude man I'm hella tired
u at gate h today or out in the field?
You don't know shit about me
mushy tweeters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Georgie porgy pudding pie, kissed the girls & made them cry. & when the boys came out to play, he kissed them too cuz he was gay!
omg u live in salisbury. i live near there.
Can we stop using "rape" to refer to events that aren't rape? Sorry your story was altered, but that ain't rape. Not even close.
I need a girl
All of this attempted network installation has revealed to me that someone in this building has a wifi connection called "goobypls."
I need to stop falling asleep watching Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Definitely dreamt about a horrible food adventure.
Duh got called into work early. Well I'll be late because Matty has to get some Dunkin.
All check out this friday for thier movies on the green... pretty soon we will have movies in our movie theatre!
“ When God works on your behalf, He leaves #NOTHING undone.”
i wish i could go to your concert. :'/
... So where are the followers. LIERRRR!!!!
Fuck Normality! What is #normal? Lol
Rockin #aero that's that shit I don't like
Soup of the day: cannellini bean
thanks for making me a fighter ;)
I've learned you can't have your materialist philosophy and tag it too.
Thanks Nancy! I look forward to meeting you as well!
Maccabi Bazan Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Super League are announcing tomorrow the hiring of Bernie Fine! That's not too FINE!
Where to take the next big international trip - Africa, South America or Mid-East??
i know babe ;)
On the way to the Animation Studio in Brooklyn!
which one looks 16
Keith we need to talk! thank you
this is why I still haven't texted yet. Haha.
“: Grammar; Schmammar.” amen!
At a. Brady Street bar. There's a pack of girls un-ironically dancing and singing along to Hall & Oates. Wow.
I'm 18 next yr on October 8th thats a long ways away
I been sleep for a while I'm still sleepy going to turn my phone off
Before you go to Slainte tonight at Milwaukee Irish Fest - stop in for a Guinness with us! Our shuttles begin TOMORROW night!
thanks for peer editing the typo out of my tweet haha
Might as well let the Divas take control. Seeing as how they are God's gift to the world.
Good morning enjoy your hump day
Get them in file trouble, Henson and Zeller in the paint, doit!
Just reviewed a fantastic crime thriller..Hunter by Check it out on Amazon..Kim Norris
Watch this space!!! ---- *some pretty cool discounts are going to be coming your way!
How many times do I have to tell you, I do not care..?
The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China - one of our books on sale: 10% off with code EPPPROMO201109 at www.enrichprofessional.com
Haven't read "Storytelling Animal." If you do, let me know WYT.
When tells a 6 yearold that their "crapping her style" #ohgosh!
So in other news Austin Mahone tweeted my other account and told me God blessed my soul. I was literally rolling on the ground laughing.
“Here is all I ask of a book- give me everything. Everything, and don't leave out a single word.” <U+2015> Pat Conroy, My Reading Life
At a sketchy restraunt with
Yes! RT : the movie the raven was really good though .. i saw that on sunday
So glad to have in my.life.
Open House tomorrow from 9am-11am at Lebanon Public Library to celebrate opening of Indy Reads: Boone County. Hope you can come visit!
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
add to the list, please!
Today sucks
oh babes i just love you <3
whenever if it's just a weekend thing.
Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...
= Back at You! Happy Easter!
Make sure to get out to #Coyotes prospect camp at Peoria Polar Ice THU-SUN. Familiar names Murphy, Gormley, Visentin, Hextall, Larraza
Your authentication screencasts have had a special place I'm my heart. Happy Birthday Railscasts!
Hi ! Happy Holidays! You can try calling them first on weekdays.
are you upstairs??
If you want it pursue it. Ain't nothin to it but to do it.
we might do the same. Can't beat what you get in Texas for your $. We should get a coffee some time.I work in Soma
Enjoy concerts 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Ladyboys and are watching how to win a date with ted hamilton. Good god
#ArtLoop is an award-winning series by that activates the Loop with significant works of contemporary art.
It is...but our efforts are well worth it. I know you would fit in perfectly!
Look for blakes melon martini.... Yumm...
kill it with kindness.
omg i got scared for ah second... Lok
RT If it rained frogs today like it did in ancient Egypt, while everyone else was freaking out, I'd be like "Yes, free frogs!"
Love is like a rubber band. We keep pulling, someone lets go, and it hurts the one who held on to it.
yeah I'm in Atlanta. Been here since Saturday. And thank you!
Working on setlists, gameplans and blueprints all while blasting some for inspiration. The future looks bright!
fuck my haters
I have been out of town...sorry for the late thank-you! I really appreciate the
Big Fan of your work.Congrats on the Article in Vouge. You girls inspired the rocket fuel in my career as a Photographer & Blogger
Hate, hate, hate being sick. :-(
We get to go to FL in Dec ~ Thanks to "Make a Wish" for Jacob!
Its still not okay to wear a red cap, black shirt, and khakis yet. Kid crossing street not aware of this fact
“ That game was quite lovely. I enjoyed every minute ahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>””
RT : #highlandtownart pop-up gallery corner of conkling and bank so cool
#justfilms congrats RT : Go RT : "Love Free or Die" wins US Doc Special Jury Prize “..agent of change”
last minute cover in the making!
thank you so much!
Um anti now I see
hell yeah!!! what about saturday night??
no I definitely deserve to be laughed at
Shitty ass ending to a normal day, haven't been this pissed in a while
Agree. But I expect Russell or Dake to get it. DT deserves it.
Hey neighbor, I get it, you LOVE Bon Iver, but I was planning on getting a little work done b4 slipping into a coma today.
listening to love songs.
I haven't read any of them!! Sweet!! Thanks a bunch. You rule!! I will check it out later today!
That just too bad, so I'll understand if u ignore me...
Run out of the way. Headed to #LexVegas in a few
SB45 Biz Lesson # 27: A worthy competitor makes victory so much sweeter.
has probably toddled off to bed
lol kind of true. Good seeing you!
look at A-Rod, too cool for school over there
ok cool!! What are u up to? We just hit the Coronado beach :)
hats off to Ivar Zeile & Ryan Pattie for Urban Encounters: SightLine & to the amazing video artists your work looked gorgeous! Want 2C more!
The bookstore always has lots of treats for Fat Tuesday! And luckily, I didn't get a baby! Happy indulging everyone!
You are welcome!
Uhh, David, the 19th century ended 111 years ago, NOT 200 years ago. And yes, history IS relevant. Your scenario is disproved.
Omg who knew a tape gun can be so mean and hurt so bad. 5 stiches from that asshole and tons of pain to go with it!!!
Humor is just another defense against the universe
Cunnilingus..I just learned what that meant why
I want to be the person who my crush thinks I am.
Yes! Our cats were freaking out and we didn't know why until we read the news.
i feel sick.
Let's start rumors: He was actually BANNED a week from twitter because he was slammin' Bo last week!
#thoughtsduringschool when is this over(:
i tried sending pix for the yearbook but they got sent back to me saying there was a delivery failure...help!?
This girl got you falling head over heels, i can't even get you to stumble....-- Oh Well ^_^
I love talking to him :]] especially when he realizes I'm better off
Interview TODAY with news ch. 8 at noon!! Talking about Relay for Life!! GET EXCITED.
Thank you!! Dan was a dear friend. He got to know several of our cadets and inspired many. For that, are forever grateful.
Drakes cheetah Northface >>>>
What a weekend, who's ready to get back in the gym and what do you need?
gotta go Thor, Hawkeye (obvious reason), Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, and Black Widow.
Before you judge me, make sure you're perfect.
braces , no braces girlfriend no girlfriend , signed , not signed dosnt matter mahomies will love austin no matter what
actually he is The easiest one ..the hardest is Austin..but do you want me to DM rob to follow you?
can I renew my books onlines?? I'm not done reading them yet!
": It takes a lot for a #virgo to let someone in... so it takes a lot for a virgo to let them out." Uh...little bit, Yeah.
Join for a post playoff rally party tonight at 6:30pm. Enjoy $2 pizzas, $2 Miller Lites, $8 small plates and live music.
Great to hear you're back w/Brewers! Good luck @ ST!
Venus ingress to Gemini approx 10:30 am CST today. At fulcrum of square with Neptune in Pisces, Moon+Mars Rx in Virgo.
RT Life is deceptively easy to squander. We waste minutes and find that days have slipped by.
Interestingly, when these same exams took place in familiar locations, their #memory performance rivaled that of young adults
So I'm definitely going bowling tonight!!!
i cant live my life without you ... i must make you understand - I wanna be your man :)
Chatting now: and ... technology, policy, and new solutions to global problems.
Whoop whoop!What about mikey? :P
Ministers calling for firing not understanding? Outrage not outreach? Thoughts on this to please
The #Wolman renovation is well underway. Who out there is excited?
Watchout folks...Ive gotta backbone and I'm not afraid to use it
love doesn't make the world go round love is what makes the ride worthwhile
The weirdest people follow me
yeah that's kind of one of the reasons why I don't think it's that big of a deal
such a good one :)
Listen! Encourage. Say something. Do something. Be yourself. Love
That is my task. I've been discussing it with neuroscientist David Eagleman.
Quality over quantity but when you have both the world is yours
don't judge me omg
howdy, good (you?), though travel-heavy this month. Ubuntu #uds was exciting, Orchestra, Ensemble - many great new tools afoot..
It's not the things we don't know that gets us. its the things we know that aint so,
just don't lie for no good reasons. Lie on your taxes or to the police. But not about children.
Thanks to everyone who came out yesterday! Dancing in the streets was a blast, we appreciate all the support!
Happy birthday S/O to the big homeys ... I ain't fucking with y'all... I be dead haha love y'all niggas man!
I am still facing the fact that I transferred to New York from Tennessee, because of what, again...................
song about dinosaurs.
Lmao yea Im about to right now shorty rock
no worries bruh
check these cats out. True 216 represent
Ignore Hulk? He's one of the best aspects of the film. That and Whedon's writing.
So much traffic<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
It was great to finally meet face to face after more than a year of Tweets.
That text message just made my whole day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Happy Birthday!!! Love Ya Elvia, yours truly T.
Fact: The 1961 movie, "The Young Savages," starring East Harlemite, Burt Lancaster, was filmed in East Harlem.
i think just followed you!! :D
Maybe I should just drink on it
I wonder if I could still smell my own farts in the vacuum of space.
Okay, that passed.
Hey brother...Just tweeting in on ya...Hope it's going good...Tony Oakes...Flattened Squirrels...
omg :o your to amazing <3 love u dear!!!
Thanks for the shout out! :)
Unfortunately, Chicago lacks any food from Guinea, but my driver recommended Yassa African Restaurant on the South Side for Senegalese food.
Rock and roll mcdonalds
#verizon data down?
Hardwork is the difference between success and status quo
Can you send me the link?
thank you I will try and train hard
thanks for following me man. Keep up the good work merry xmas
LOL! On the bright side, at least there is only 10 more days to go :)
Quite an inspiring chat tonight. We will visit this topic again and crowdsource ideas. Staytuned!
perhaps something like an URL shortener, where prepositions only count as one letter.
Happy because GMYH promo week.
Its the unspoken words that hurt the worse.
HOST YOUR OWN PARTY OF 10 OR MORE AND GET IN FREE!!! YOUR GUEST WILL BE TREATED TO THE BEST IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX,
Only 4 more days until Christmas! Do you have all of your shopping done?
"something is technically wrong" can be said of magic and computer technology
At the 2-day conference on the Innocence Project. Great and inspiring lessons from the attorneys and exonorees.
If your company has substantial e-mail accounts 50K+, consider updating e-mail marketing suppliers to those with individual IP addresses.
..but asking for permission
I want ta follow me im a great and bigger dan biggest fan
More Than This video tomorrow. YES.
is liar the whole time at the gym he'll stare at himself in the mirror making real guttural noises.
glad to hear! I heard about what happened last weekend, and you need to ignore them! Fuck the haters. :3
I shall! I may also give Boehner a little feedback on his budget ideas while I'm at it. That might not go over as well though.
yeah totally!
Still working up to 2,000 'likes' we would appreciate some help guys! We know you want some free music!
If your reading this, your blessed despite whatever your situation may be. Good morning loves : )
Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally?
Give it a shot. I know a good TA if ya need “:I wonder if banda music showed up on jam cruise would people actually like it. ????”
Woke up winning
This is your last chance to take advantage of our Women's Nike Tempo Short SALE. Only $18 in an assortment of colors! See you before 5pm!
It is the south.
excellent! looking forward to it!
love the site.
The only thing i will take a good care is my skin & hair . ;-) That"s all
Need a short-term loan? Need it fast? Call me at Remington Capital! That's your best bet.
Wow always get the werid one lol
Pictures of you, pictures of me remind us all of what we could have been...- The Last Goodnight
I don't 2 years is overly punitive. If anything the settlement codifies agency pricing when decided unilaterally.
Mother's Day is May 13! Let her know how Sweet she is with some truffles! #carmel, #mother's Day
NCAA is a business with the student athletes having no power. Being honest and fair has never been a goal, making money is.
As I said-Nows the Time by LH&R and Yardbird Suite-Bob Dorough.
These scenes are so good/intense I sometimes forget to breathe...wow.
me too! Every single day.
Thank you everyone for help giving "EVEN IF" 100% LOVE IT! on Total Eclipse Magazine...... Big HUG. And get ready for " I WILL"
Off and on here ...another 'oilchange' coming up this afternoon.....
aww :-/ Sorry that you have to deal w/ that...
lmao no.. I remember some of my lines but not all.. Im pretty sure we got this tho!
First ice cream truck of the season just went by
HAPPY ST PADDY'S DAY! We got DJ Jeff playing Irish favorites and NAKED ladies all night! Get your car bombs on at the Gold Club
Every night I come home all the doors and windows are open and my moms passed out.
I should be doin my science hw but I'm too busy trying to trend
Have you ever heard of #Trivia43 at UWSP? It's this weekend. 54 straight hours of obscure questions. You'd love it.
New Horowitz Data Benchmarks TV-Related Web/Social Media Behavior; One In 5 Consumers Start Watching A Show After ...
@ the gym with my Jules.. Then off to the doctors office...
Aweh dick Clark :(
Sun is trying to break through the clouds in Toledo.
have a safe trip !! I wish I was coming :/
Keep playing that funk music! We're gonna turn it up at the stop light! #travel Can you get to that?
Thanks! Looking forward to hearing more from you, too!
how was Hayes Carll? I had a birthday party (mine) to go to. I wanted to be like KMAG YOYO but that would have been rude.
ABC News: Obama says 'same-sex marriage should be legal'
We First want to thank everyone who participated in the contest!
Totally gonna start spamming you with messages from now on, Sue.
Housemate just warned me that "a few of" his siblings are here for lunch. He has 8 total, so now I'm wondering how crowded my kitchen is.
glad you liked it, I played the secretary !
I wanna grow a cute beard :) haha
It sucks that the system makes it so difficult make change when it is oh so obviously needed.
Take a pic of the view.
guess what?
Did you know we have tanning?!
You know I like to read :).
awh thanks bff(: ill call you later tonight!
Skyrim is much too addicting
All my #SISTERS yea
.... a ton to do????? NO only two things to do and that is to win twice... GO BADGERS!!!
will do! Lol
thanks lovely
i meant to say i lov yall
D=Exp(i*Pi)=Time*Velocity
Is it #arcadenextlive yet!!! I can't wait for
Word in the #undocusphere is that and I are getting it on. like brown chika brown cow getting it on #cockblocking #vagina ...
Exclusive: Father defends the way he handled toddler son's snakebite. Only on NBC 7 at 11.
I want that car SO bad! <3Allen
Love me some Tom Brady, but is now a close second
so pretty(:
i guess you can only play on adrenaline for so long.
i hate tourists, and i hate walmart...
What's in the UK water that makes their actors so witty?
dollar general off johnson drive open til 10. Got my spam and eggs for my morning omellette. See you at fbbc.
Damn.. I'm around all these people and I'm still bored! "Anybody got a hotdog .. Mustard and Ketcup please"
First name (it's a doozy): Shawnlicica
doing good! How's the family?
No, no. no. It's not good if people know that I have a sense of humor! ;)
pearl Izumi and bontrager make several starting from $50. The more you spend the more support you get from the pad.
All CSPAN right?
I Delete , Block & Erase People I Do Not Need In My Life .
Stayin at my fams house, playin some Call of Duty MW3, leave me the f%ck alone!
2 and a half songs rough-mixed for the new Ryan Reid live album and only like three thousand to go lol. These guys are TOO good!
When that one person won't text you <<
leave and the fuck alone. <3
Don't forget about Valentine's Day. Heart shaped cookie cakes, roses, and notes. It's like super fancy grade school.
Anyone know 1 of the first "online Providers" , along with AOL, was Delphi-- #Boston based?
“: With his last assist Tony Parker passed Avery Johnson to become the Spurs' all-time leader in assists with 4,475. #GoSpursGo”
what do you think about electric bikes? 3 auditions on a Saturday...
bipolar weather but its nice outside !
Gonna be back at work tomorrow who's visiting?? Ha
AJ3 back in the day were so money! Loved the knicks, hated the bulls, screw PJ! Love them Jordans
Thanks for sharing the content and your insights. Hope to meet up via a content marketing session and/or Gathering of the Vibes.
Winston Shepard has 11 schools chasing him with a offer on the table from UCLA.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck getting your parking spots back, everybody. The snow brings out the cones and the crazies!
Im so lazy today
This is a boring saturday for me
Is officially a Lumberjack for the summer! Woohoo! Summer school 2011 here I come :)
Are you still feeling under the weather? You have got to be climbing the walls by now!
And the award for best brother goes to for forgetting his own sisters birthday
what is he's problem??!
“: Spanish is cooler to begin with. ha,ha,ha. :)” also looks better too, at least the galavision broadcast is in HD
“Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young”
KCAS!!!! One minute!
trying to get to SFO also. Damn delays!
big shout out 2 Killing a nigga beats
"Out of the same mouth proceeds blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be."—James 3:10
No they're not! ;) We kid!! RT : We like this! RT : Positive attitudes are contagious.
Beginning the Housing Healing Process with HARP 2.0
omg its like swan hand coming to get you.
Ever steal your parents car?
#NF shout out to Alabama!
I love how my boyfriend talks... Idunno its hard to explain #SoCute #iJustWannaPinchHisCheeks #MyBaby !! :)
.im depressed for no reason at all.... (O,O) it's scary.. & irritates tF out of me...
planting, trimming, weeding the lovely planties today.
Blacklight schtick from Jay Leno, who thought that was a way to treat a guest
Good morning New Yorkers! What's the week got in store for you?
. Ha- Good point.
wait wait... You vote on THURSDAYS? Bizarre! ;)
meet you in the lobby and we'll judge people as they walk by?
- Research in Estonia & Kenya show sexuality education only cost 5$ pr person. at side event on
[Matt6:34] Let's consciously make each today so wonderful that no thought of any yesterday or tomorrow can succeed in entering our mind. Joy
“It is choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities” -Rowling ...what will you choose today? <3 #livetheattitude#
Word up!
I wish I could've seen the hawk build its nest. That could NOT have been easy. Also each nite there should b a "best of" recap.
The #Pacers fans in those off Yellow/Gold color shirts is really starting to bother me... :-(
Just found the old minutes from being the secretary in 2000-01... Great memories, funny stuff.
Homie got bet against one his niggas they put up the money I'm showing up to kill niggas
I will be catering an in-home mother's day party tomorrow. Then get the afternoon off to relax. Happy Mother's Day!!!
One of the neighborhood cats has started using our bird feeder to hunt. A lot of small feathers in the front yard this AM.
Saw a sneek peak at the new outpatient clinic space today. We move in this weekend! By gollie we might be done with this building by april!
Remember the MJ one-on-one fiasco?
Happy Mother's Day to All Wonderful Moms. :)
Tiny Tots - Busy Bees and Butterflies - BBC News
Some minor but long overdue edits just made to the twitter profile message
you have alot of nieces'. O:
a little late but HEY (:
Bacon, Toast, & TropicanaOrangeJuice:).
RT : Today is National #Cheese Fondue Day! A delish and gooey way to get a dose of #Calcium :)
My hard drive crashed today, which sucks mightily. Wish I'd been more diligent about Time Machine backups...
you will have to do it at a computer.
The only time I ever got a plethora of retweets was when I tweeted about
lol I lay in my bed all day :p
#YoureCuteAndAllBut you're a bad kisser
@ mad dog w/ friends
Buffett buys $85 million of Lee debt
so heres my number [; and call me maybe [; <3
#lunchtime Alfredo and breadsticks... Then gonna Make some snickerdoodles and clean :)
My family is coming in town. Staying at my house. NO WAY! Hooked them up with suites at Quality Inn DIA for $50 nite Crystal at 303-371-5300
Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy>>>>> I can't wait to see that movie
I like what you are doing keep it up.
Briggs J of the EWHC delivers judgment in Global Coal v. LCB case involving interpretation of a standard form PLA: [2010] EWHC 1347 (Ch).
Artful Expression: "To see far is one thing, going there is another." - Constantin Brancusi
Don't miss your chance to meet w/representatives from: & many more @ The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
name in all of this. Im a huge fan of da U and urs and like I said, want ur side of story for mine. follow me so we can DM
So, does DeMaio support 's bike plan now?
The Bengals have TWO first round picks. The future is bright!!!
We been in Atlanta 6mos but haven't gotten to see wat it has to offer yet... Anybody have any recomendations for dinning shopping leisure?
Wise words my friend
Trying to put some makeup on so I don't look so dead today in classes. But that's how I feel.. Dead.
you have just described the Nintendo Wii perfectly
thanks for signing up for my Skillshare class :)
no the band name is called school of worship
no ma'am, no ham, no turkey! We are not!
hell yeah bro that's the same shit I do lol!
Everything is wonderful.
i know it was an accident
So blessed by my family!
im glad my eyebrows are naturally arched .. :)
Happy #ArmedForces Day! We are so thankful for the service of our soldiers and veterans!
“: Coffee at w/ ”thanks for coming in.
have you eaten at Mastros ? The Prime Rib is Awesome .
Elease weave still on point
no :-( I have been to Canada twice bon aire Florida Kentucky west va Virginia Indiana new York Pennsylvania
“Real friends don’t care if your socks don’t match.”
Viking fans shouting Build It outside House Chambers! The rotunda is packed gov just got here
Not sure that's a problem. Even as a FT employee there was nothing much for me there.
COFFEE KICKING IN
I love you way way way more baby :**
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Another thing I don't like about Facebook, once a earthquake happens everybody is on it's nuts! Haa
yeah that and his virginity
“: Incorrect use of pitch correction can kill your song. Pay attention...” Esp if you send it to mix with Autotune printed.
I wonder how this trip is goin to turn out
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 89
laying in bed eating soup
Fuck Golden Records.
I'm almost tempted to create 36 other twitter accounts to follow :x
yay!!! I need to see your beautiful face tomorrow when I get back!
baby fetus?
belated thanks for the wonderful party... and of course ping pong!
I'd be okay with that
Planned water outage for today canceled & is rescheduled for Wednesday. Additional info regarding the time will be announced later today.
i love this song !!
totally! At least that is what I will telling myself in the middle of my 15k race tomorrow morning. :)
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve..
Happy 13th birthday
Pick up your phone.The parties finished and I want you to know. I'm all alone...
Same to you Heather.
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
.'s "RTs might be endorsements" is among the best #TwitterProfile lines I've seen. He's from Pittsburgh, in case you didn't know.
So joan might pull it out but I doubt she raised as much $
#spiritairline people strewn and sleeping like homeless on skid row. Children crying. I love traveling but I hate traveling.
People don't buy for logical reasons. They buy for emotional reasons-- Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the tweet. Got your message will return your call.
yea just sent u a link to it
what's good stilt? 7EST on ESPN. Well cya later brotha.
My dad just hired himself as my strength coach a week before I leave
that's crazy, you should be able to just order the size tha you need based on your spindle length
heard ur in nyc? I get back 2moro HOLLER
It's $2 Tuesday. Dos Equis just $2 today.
We beat El Dorado 41-0. That means we're in the playoffs! YEAH BABY!!! :)
Love you.... Sweet dreams darling.
OAK LAWN FRESHMAN SOFTBALL CONFERENCE CHAMPS!!!!! WAY TO GO GIRLS!!!<U+E409>
Big day at the conference... Super excited
Has anyone found this one? How many stops are left?
Chapter 2012 Page 89 of 366 It's been said if your dream doesn't scare you, then it's not big enough.
Thanks for following, great to meet you! Your nerdiness is awesome
Seeing the California delegation on the floor today made me so proud. & are my heroes.
Haha, wowzers! It's odd having people recognize me. But thank you! I was trying my best! Alex sings a little too high for me
NA is mostly ab new distinction. Sterling makes more out of it at least.
thx! that was my son's 1st bday cake.totally can't take credit for the design. It was inspired by a cake from Charm City Cakes
#youshouldntever cook bacon naked
'Til we have seen one's darkness, we don't know who that person is..til we have forgiven one's darkness, we don't really know what love is'
Clyde Frazier just said, "So at this point the #Knicks are either gonna win, or lose." Wow. Insight.
and VA represent!! NoVA girl here, but I won't be anywhere near there this week. Pour out some liquor for me...
and then I found myself listening to tpiaga for the third time...it put me in such a trance.
tyaannaaaaaa -baby mama voice- loll
Haha, he's in a big black suburban
Needed: Raps Songs ala Jay-Z/Kanye West for an upcoming '2012 Film Project'. email:
VEEP is funny! And pretty damn accurate. Sadly.
It's time you start shopping smart and buy used items. They work just the same as the new ones, but it's affordable and VERY GREEN!
thankks babe! love you!
#shoutout to my newest follower, a TRUE man of GOD !!!
no Im texting her, she told me to ask you lot if you liked Rhiannon going berserk, did u hear someone going of there head??
i only listen to the jazz station after midnight
Robin Gomez has been appointed administrator for Alvarado Hospital ().
Thanks kel! Almost done with the day, #feelingpositive RT: good luck!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo! One year ago today, I met Who could have predicted how that would turn out?
team leader...oh yeah...I'll take that!
We are excited to read Shine Shine Shine. Heard great things at WI7!
PC or Mac? Sorry, random question
- thanks for the b-day card. Shane and I MUST get to Nashville in 2012, no exceptions. BIG HUGS!
take it to apple store and bring the kid as proof.
Getting ready to head up to the Purdue area... be back later for work... woohoo!
9 It is easier to carry an empty cup than one that is filled to the brim. The sharper the knife the easier it is to dull. The more weal…
Hope everyone had a good day!
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Being good isn't always easy-- that's why I don't try. :)
Mondays Are Gay -_-
We got big things coming direct to you at Black South Florida. Stay Tuned...... We Building
I love you! Follow me please!!
“: "Coupons always smell like Sundays" ” from the Epic, American Copia!
It's okay,But were friends right?
not just a prob at western parks!
dude, just stfu
I love you so hard right now.
Grow up u idiot & start supporting your family instead of waiting on handouts from others.Every1 knows u think of that child as a paycheck.
I luv u Von. Remember this.
#churchplanters God will build His church you won't need to!
To close business one must first build comfort and trust with your client. This will not happen until you spend enough time face to face.
Ricky comes in.. Me in the chat: omfg hi Ricky he says " oh my fucking gosh hi Ricky... Hi wellingtonswag!!" he's such a cusser lmfao <3
WOW! we really DO have a lot in common! :) we'll have to talk SON! I have a lot coming up...
Mom and her bf fighting again great just how I wanted to spend my weekend pulling people apart from trying to kill eachother.
I truly am The King of Things! What, don't get the reference? Go read some religion.
why you always try'na do shit? can't you sit and chill?
This episode of #CriminalMinds is crazy....
S/o to the white girl that made me smores
Getting more nervous that the next time I check Twitter I will be overwhelmed with #Braun news
listening in this evening all the way in Wisconsin! Woohoo!
You're the second youth librarian I've met on twitter from Arapaho District in two days!!
At java city right now. RT : - hey guys! Glad to see you have a team here. Would love to see ya
I got bored so I started stalking your twitter and I saw this. Only you. I died. Lmfao.
lol I do
I love my family way more than they think
the worst part is..it's All Asia, have you been there? That's the REAL insult! :)
this Sunday!
RT Love quickly turns into hate.
you can't listen to music?
Hey , it's a beautiful day for Percy! See you out there? :)
RT if you have ever tried to see if you could fit in the dryer.
Just got a new car! :D thanks nana! :D
Pretty much had to shut that pussy nigga down
Hm...cannot say what I want to say.
Great #opengovvideos interview w/ Mickey Osterreicher on photographer's rights & more at
I not only bow to the inevitable, I am fortified by it. -Thornton Wilder
I now have remote control a/c in my room. Sleep on.
I miss you guys too!!! Check my new twitter I check it much more often. Hope all you guys are doing well!
#DelonteWest is rooting for the heat to win tonite to guarantee him 4 more games of banging #lebrick 's mom some more !!!
awe....Happy Birthday!
sorry to see that your account was hacked. I got the same message.
It's so loud inside my head with words I should have said.
I don't mind getting lost in paradise:-)
I can't get warm, hopefully my job will warm me up...or just the sun.
same here fam.
I emailed you. Wld like to chat w/ you for a piece I'm writing for Poynter.
I always wanted a lil sister but thank god I have friends tht r like my sisters <3
Don't forget we have lunch until 2:00pm! Call 619.255.2856 in advance for pick-up orders!
reads like an unsubstantiated NYT "trend piece." Care if satisfy responsibilities (graduate and come to play) NOT rec behavior
does Hulu know about your secret identity as secret superhero to sea turtles
When I was 24 I was really sad that I was too old to sign up for I'm glad I can live vicariously thru on his journey.
": So excited.!" Am glad you are!!! We have some exciting shows lined up! Stay tined :)
oh,I wish I am too!:)last week everyone here is in Paris, Cancun,Vegas&Hawaii,tell me about it
Dancing for the Arts
Chilling @ my dad's house until traffic dies down
Yay! Next is college hope ur ready! RT : Summer 2012 is gon be pretty epic :) only because I'm graduating !
Why is this list of derogatory words for mexicans so damn funny to me?!? #sowrong <U+E40D>
And...I've been running it like this since beta day 1 through all the beta releases. VERY stable.
Clearly, we couldn't. :P
A real certified hood niqqa like me need a bad bitch yellabone with thAt yummy steak pussy. Yamean?
Just unfollowed about 20 something people. My apologies. :)
I just want to be there for you
Looking for a fantastic business opportunity? Multiple revenue streams and a recession proof industry. It's right here.
Oh yes!!
lol really what ?
i sent u a invite on FB
Yes, yes, and yes! Though I only know the time/pace for Troublesome Catalogers. What's the details on the Tweetup?
St.Patrick's Day Pub Crawl! All day pass available for $20 in advance and $25 the day of. Why drink and drive when you can ride and survive?
please do u want to follow me? <3
I want everyone to know, I do NOT Share my favorite food unless you're very special. Pizza hut breadsticks and Orange Chicken is off limits!
my pleasure! Posting that is reminding me that I need to sign back up for rescuetime.
yes they like me to post pictures of them and are animal rights activists..total conservatives lol
Will you ever follow me? <3 x11
Simone Browne and Allison Clarke, great discussion of structure and unstructure of digital realm, hashtags for activism & hate.
I would really like to be asleep right now
Recommended that people over 60 get the shingles vaccine.
Columbus news anchor covering Chuck Sheen sounds much more incredulous saying "tiger blood" than NYC counterparts.
Me too. I'm crossing my fingers I get a B too!
“: If Shaka Smart leaves VCU, his contract stipulates that his new team must play a home & home against VCU.” awesome
skit is stuck in my head. so funny.
Guys go check out EmbrySquare they're really fucking good and if they get the recognition they deserve they'll be somewhere in no time!
so when is the last time u fought someone who wasnt a golden boy fighter? Don't say Cotto, he has no promoter
so much
was reading it with a friend on their laptop and didn't save the link, but I'll see if I can track it down.
Rep Cohen just welcomed Obama on the tarmac...
Hold on to your innocence use your common sense.
Firecracker whore I wat ur jelly bean twat Popsicle lemon drop martini bomb shell rockafella flex my Volvo volcano pussy ah
Found your twitter. :D
She is such a badass!
lol RT : Since #prsci is trending on Twitter, does that mean Twitter is just completely full of PR people? We're all just...
Deeds, not words shall speak me.
Talking to director of Spider-Man today. I know what I want to ask. What would you ask him?
that sounds delish! I need to make big girl version.
did anyone attend the #PasoRobles tasting last night at Hotel Palomar?
happy birthday!!!! Hope its a good one!
So I like reading #craigslist #personals. But sometimes I see the people posting and I say "holy crap" out loud. Am I a #terrible person?
thanks Hannah!! Hope you're doing great ;)
The Silk Tie likes Tim! We noticed you don't have a tie in your profile picture. thesilktie.com
thanks for everything tonight. I missed you! Crossing my fingers we can take a trip up to the Roxy to hang again! (: <3
This sucks... I'm so tired but I have to finish my resume:(
I love Ahman Green. Became friends with him when we had class together at UWGB. But it's time to give it up.
OMG i wish i knew sooner! I wouldve went straight from CT to MA today! Im back in NY tho love. Lmk for next time! <3
BIG changes coming next Monday!
Never realize how much I am set in my ways until I'm back with the family. We do and think about things so differently.
- You Walkin again?
oh no... Disappointed. Pelosi is genuinely ..... Insert obvious adjective here.
I'm good, thank you. Staring at the screen. Tons of edits. How are you?
does that mean you wanna bang? ;)
Personally, I think a lot of people haven't tapped into the hidden power of RSS feeds.
Sweet home Chicago countdown: 7 days too many. Graduate school finals are no picnic.
Thanks for the follow. I work a lot with Social Media and I'm always looking for suggestions:)
have a amazing trip. Will be miss u, be safe, dance, swim, tan, drink and have fun!!! Xoxox. #makeitcount #NoBrakes <U+2708>
So you've tried the free travel for beautiful people? :-)
Yes! Just Last Night Actually. So Good! Worth It! Go see it (:
Wahi Media launches the nxt gen Wahi platform. More efficient, faster & enhanced vid performance. Leading w/ innovation.
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
at the heritage festival in SD
Chef Bobbi says beat the heat with our signature Fox Banana Split.
I am good too, I am in Florida right now. We need to catch up sometime soon!
I don't think that ur beautiful, I think ur beyond it!.
2010 the average consumer viewed 5 pieces of content before making a buying decision. 2012: 10 pieces. In the next two years 15.
YES!!! But what about non-profit employees whose personal cells double as work without compensation?
Also, for those two weeks I'll be the biggest celtics fan ever
Best of luck with the visit! Godspeed!
RT : Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck. ~George Carlin
Now Following
Ironman Louisville, Ky...Am toying with the idea of doing again this year...
sounds really good but I'd do ideas last; commodities first. Nice setup for a class
but seriously... Chipolte for lunch?
First Gowalla, now Instagram. Wow Facebook, Wow.
Nobody makes me feel more broken than you do...
yay! We are staying in the gaslamp :)
Some songs on Chris mix tape should have been on the Fortune album
well that's distinctive!!
all i want is to love and to be loved in return..is that to much to ask for??
Disappointed by the afternoon sessions, but loving Chicago and this beautiful weather!
Just once I want to see a marathon winner cross the finish line and immediately fire up a cigarette.
Attention graduating students: Friday March 23 at noon is the deadline to order your cap and gown for May 12th Graduation Ceremony.
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause really? What if someone called your team out you would be mad belibers don't worry sincerely #teammindless :)
Depends if you have a lisp and you do have a lisp, so it's okay.
Artemus Ward~ Why is this thus What is the reason for this thusness
It's true. I hope you didn't have any mouse droppings in your desk.
Though I'm pretty sure she likes Vampire Weekend.
Ok G'night everyone, snuggling up with a glass of wine and a Cathering Cookson book (The Cultured Handmaiden)
Do they come right by your house????
My spelling was horrible!
Why do you continue to act like a punk bitch?
Power outages & pass restrictions tonight. Everything is wind/weather related.
I don't want your free iPads.
Can't sleep. WTF
A study showed that regular dancers were shown to have a 70% decreased risk of developing dementia
THANKS for bringing your brilliant and delicious juice combo!!! So loved it and here's wishing you a great week!
that would be the Class of 2k9 -- a group of middle grade and young adult debut novelists; check out www.classof2k9.com
Christian bale could not be more beautiful
The owner of a small firm that cannot obtain funds via the bank to to operate their business can use receivables factoring
you guys interested in caps/sabers Tuesday at 7. This will be a big game.
I hope they do. The NHL could use the L.A. market to bring in the ratings. St. Louis, Nashville, and Phoenix won't.
This can be arranged. RT : I kind of wanted a group huddle and all hands in with cheer kind of thing by the end of it. :)
This boy plays musical modes of transportation. Yesterday comes to work in the Mustang & then comes back from lunch in the F250. Today he
nice way to start !
preparing for long-ish meeting today. will present AWS costing model to-date
Given up hope on studying.
what's upp(:
Our spring issue features the 150th anniversary of , , and ! Pick up a copy today, or subscribe!
Frankly, not to make this about me, but both the names Merrin and Perrish are freakishly near mine own, no?
U Know U A Hoe When Your first name is Paris or your last name is Kardashian.
Don't forget about the "Lucky" win the refs gave him over Oregon!
did very well! I'm not really a big fan of her though! I have a feeling she might win she seems to be the favorite of the judges.
#happyfriday and happy half day at work to me lol!
He also has 1959 Rose Festival photos -- see them here at 7916 SE Foster 11-7 Wed-Sat, 11-5 Sun where it's all community, all the time.
Tweet your favorite Jim Collins' quote for a chance to win a free book!
In Vegas tonight? Then make your way over to Tabu Ultra Lounge inside the MGM Grand!
Thx for the wonderful feedback. I value UR input highly, given your extensive experience as a #training pro.
NOT TRUE.
Probably already happened, even if neither remembers.
we missed you danger
Do you like or dislike Quickbooks and why?
is watching the sycamores play on the Duece!!
I understand why weed is illegal; high people don't have problems. The government needs problems to function. #NotTheRealReason lol.
how u gonna tell me what i was doin? Quit tweeting me its annoying as fuck
Alright, I wanna know. Who the hell is making bad rumors about me !!!!!!!! =P
thanks Jason!
well what's up?
RT : Don't write to serve your audience; write to serve your work. Do the latter and the former will take care of itself.
Intermediate & Senior Company members - dancing till 4:30pm tomorrow!!! Get ready for some recital jazz & hip hop rehearsals!!!
SO EXCITED you are a Chief!!!!!
If i told you that my cat was throwing up, i bet you wouldn't like to see the results.
High School Lash Special4 THE GLAMOUR GIRLS AT SOUTHFIELD LATHRUP!This week we are having a lash special for all girls at Southfield lathrup
In response to my previous tweet, I meant pass the torch leaguewide
I think I just came up with a potential genius idea
went on canyon trek after a museum marathon....soaking my feet in ice now.
I feel like playing fora
Bob is off the chain right now lmao
trainview off by 15 minutes? reliable!
hey bud I have not had time to ready your aggreement! lets try and connect via skype tom.
Read my latest article about photography at
Investigation of Ariel Warning, novel about identical twin brothers & woman who comes between them Author Robert Kalich is an identical twin
oh. then yeah throw that #wtf tag on it
And by the way we do punch bitches.
when will you post the finalist for the pitch it contest?
whenever i listen to the album "toxicity," I think of when i used to ride home from school with you. :D
Somebody save me lol
Got so stressed doing my taxes that I ate an entire box of Easter candy. It helped a little bit.
Just got home...Jameer is out too now? Good grief.
Leadership isn’t telling people what to do; it’s taking people with you.
What are the health benefits to eliminating red meat from my diet?: Right now I eat everything. Im 32 yrs old and I jog regularly. I’...
Heading to bed time to drift off into
#BlackFriday is trending. What should you buy?
In a meeting with the Board of Directors
Oh Barb. You poor, tired woman.
nice! What's your favorite Woody Allen movie?
": just killed his verse #StarGang" Always!!! Good stuff you guys getting together ...Pissah!!
he who laughs last didn't get it
Hey ! Thanks for following our new twitter page! How's the running scene in Montana treating ya?
Ever have a 'meh' kinda day? I want to be more passionate and motivated, but feel like I'm forcing it. Must remember to wait upon the Lord!
Why an I awake?
RT : Q3: 3. Whats with the drinking and comedy going hand-in-hand?
Wow. Nice one on Friday night struggles, Ken.
just noticed that followed me! ahh thank you so much Jessica! I love you!!!<3
So i went 2 church for choir rehearsal and i thought it was the 4th saturday of the month today But its the 5th i feel so smart but anyways
why are we still tweeting this condo lets just start a text chain or something
I was in such a great mood. Now I feel like throwing up.
wonder how Jonah Hill will handle that one..... especially from Billy Crystal on the global stage
We hope he likes the issue. :)
You know you've got respect when musicians from all walks are celebrating your life
what are they doing?:)
I want to coach the knicks .. They have a great as team and they havent figured out the right way to use them
Your clause assignment is due before the start of class tomorrow - so far there have been only four submissions to the drop box...
im serious
This summer is going to be the shit. I have high expectations. If you can't fill them, get the fuck out of my way.
I also need tights. TIGHT rights. For I roam around the forest looking for fights. (I hope one of you gets that)
Musicians Happy Hour Tonight! You Plug it In and Drink Cheap All Night!
Geez... What is it about the a$$ that talks about himself at the bar
": It has been scientifically proven that the less you know, the more you think you know." I could give you a few names!
Yeah all the cool kids sit in the back of class. I'm a front row nerd.
Thank you to the 17 amazing musicians who played their butts off tonight at Jake's! I hope y'all had a blast!
I'm back there. Just ran down to meet and in person.
Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees obviously never sold marijuana
I get it in lmao inch by inch
always supporting you! :)
thanks! And for school ball i was ganna throw it to 2nd but no one covered so I forced my throw to 1st and through out my arm
Buddha~ Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Jadakiss is the truth...
Reading our most recent business plan is always good for a groan. It's why it needs to be revisied and updated. Try to add to + improve it
from this day forth you may refer to me as "Catness"
already u guys?? Is it already sunday? Say it ain't so lol!
The Guto likes any band with at least one person playing a jug.
#dbacks take advantage of Cliff Lee's DL stint by batting around v. Kyle Kendrick in B1.
a career in the arts- heart and soul for sale name your price. a career in programming- technical knowledge and time for sale. market value.
You know when you twisted the chains of a swing to make you quickly spin a thousand times until you threw up? I want to do that.
Curious: How was your weekend?_________
got to get in bed
“:i have had a really werid but good thought about what we were going to do when you get home... it wont work :S” SCARED!
#UNLV is trending for all the wrong reasons. Come on guys, let's go. Sink the ball.
It's true. I use channel locks to crack my pistachios.
I seriously walk in my job everyday at around 8:40 like I'm not supposed to be there at 6:45. I don't even start working when I get there
Are you craving a fresh & delicious flavorful soup for lunch? You'll love our Roasted Tomato Bisque or our Tomato Florentine!
is trying to catch me riding dirty. He is hating!
Yesterday JDI met with Russian human rights advocates about ways to stop prisoner rape. Imagine PREA in Russia!
when life throw you lemons, slap that bitch and say "I want money fool!"
going to buy vans - tip for zombie survival. don't wear vans while running from zombies, they're uncomfortable and easily broken
and who??!
Didn't get a chance to talk to you this morning. I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo. Will catch you next month.
Hey Para,how's everything?
I choreographed a routine to Kiss It All Better for my schools variety show next year (:
Nice cover photo, beautiful ladies!
Interesting question: who is The Man among U.S. faith traditions these days? Non-denominational evangelicals? The "Nones?"
please respond to my email I sent today. Mildly urgent :-)
. I know! I'm relishing the silence & whopping it up, by turns. Next: envision my "best neighbor" scenario.
Sometimes... when you hold out for everything, you walk away with nothing.
she doesn't know how to lose fat belly rolls..
Watching always makes me hungry
salsa?! Yum!!
Big things in the works for Local Playlist! Super excited for the next few weeks of my life & for the launch party Feb 18th at Tonic Tavern!
Suppose it's not hard to weight train in them, but wouldn't want to go for a run in them.
Boy has sex with 2 girls - he's a mac (threesome) Girl has sex with 2 boys- she's a slut hoe smut ! (train) LIFE IS UNFAIR !
Sitting in court in #Denver. Trying to determine if some cases are stories.
Thanks to my roommate for pointing out that I have a lot of gray hair.
omg don't say that I'll die if its wren ._.
not totally crazy -- there are some working on json serializations of MARC; in comparison, pbcore+json should be easy.
Alright! Don't worry, we'll be gentle :)
I'M FEELING A LITTLE UPSET AT MYSELF BUT IT COULD'VE BEEN WORST SO I THANK GOD FOR THAT
Join me for Solidarity Sing along #350 tonight! Doors are open. VO5, Steez, Goodtime Camper, SSA & more!
Alone time with myself....Kinda...
Rene is pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -Oliver W Holmes
<<<<< that's my favorite quote, right there...
The inventor of the goldfish cracker bag should be forced to escape from a human-sized container of a similar design.
yes, I think certain diagnoses seem insurmountable to those that don't have them, like schizoprenia, bi-polar
Just call them all Ochcocinco....
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
Forecast for Sunday: Low clouds in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 67 to 72 inland....
said it was an ad that would actually make her think about it.
Be an attendee, a national co-host organization, or sponsor, & join us as we continue to affect change in #transportation & #infrastructure!
O! M! G! New #garbage album on valentines day!!! I am beyond ecstatic right now!
Items I've discovered while cleaning out my desk: kitty stickers; 2 bottles of 5-Hour Energy (grape flavor); CTA card; 2 pkgs of mayo.
Was a busy weekend. #RootsTech, #SuperBowl & National #Library Day. Too many great ideas & URLS to explore - too little time.
i wonder why deez ziggans on fb went at my x and talked down on me? dumb ass she tell me everything we lol at yall. dumb ass
LA Times finally caught on i told everybody weeks ago 6-7 Daviyon Draper of Locke. Is A BEAST
last election, I penciled in Mickey Mouse and he got 7% of the national vote.
I am stubborn lol
"Excuse me Dave, that's Gurnee."
Gray shirt gray sweats
;-) thank you sweetness.
Just got back fro DC and my high school reunion. And family. Good to be home.
The fixed lens on the proposed 2/3 Scarlet is increasingly bugging me... will I really not have the option of putting a prime on there?
that's awesome!!!
FOUR FOR YOU GLEN COCO. YOU GO GLEN COCO.
waking up from my nap lol
“ You make all things new & I will follow you Forward:)” yes
Its not easy to step outside of your comfort zone. But, until you do you will never know what you are capable of & the difference you make.
ever been over here?
LMFFAOOOOOO One Of The Funniest Things Ive Ever heard
In a bit of pleased disbelief on IN primary results this eve. Congrats to all.
Is he really getting a full weave
Building a Successful Partner Ecosystem for the #cloud panel lead by charles golden berg
Can't ive without Evernote and Wunderlist for productivity!
Bwahahahahahaha! RT : Someone has been listening to some Kanye while high
Penn Brewery tomorrow night. Feat. the Boulevard trio plus special guests.
#Coachellalive at least makes me feel like I'm kinda sorta there.
You'd think that appl could afford a dedicated wifi ap and Internet link for their demos!
i was sure hopin to see both of them on the field
I guess its true, 1 mans trash, is another mans treasure, sucks knowing u had a diamond and threw it out bec u thought it wasnt real :(
Torshiro Davis flipped his commitment to #Texas. Great job by Orangebloods hearing news & getting on scene in Schreveport.
Great music calls for lots of listeners!
Don't forget the Horror Podcast is on iTunes!
#OPB Radio, coffee, client (phone) calls in PJs and good weather = happy boy! Work in #beaverton later, off to get ready.
#sljsummit2010 Kathy Parker- developed Kindle project for her school- 80 Kindles!
what u getting
Thanks Jordan for saran wrapping my car ... NOT!!
The #Twins will be fine if Morneau, Span, and The Pillow are healthy...oh wait.
13 hours of surgery so far. Hope they are done soon.
RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're falling in love and you're like: Oh crap!
I thank the Creator for waking me up this morning!
"Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps."
and Water To Wine thank you so much for sponsoring tonight!! I'm in love.
Randomly up.. and puttering around.. (sighs) Must finish reading this book.
It was the perfect way to start the new year at Beer Co. Thanks to all who came out! <3
oh okay then ill go ask the counselor person
“: Courtney is good with the mind games. She obviously read "Why Men Love B*tches." #bachelor” So True! Wow
More I find myself turning off wifi, then dev iOS, best way to build offline support in your app.
Account appears to be hacked.
#slpeeps what is the app you recommend for social stories?
All I can say is I BETTER be given a good reason to have put work clothes on on my day off.
": The PAST is where you learned the lesson. <U+2665> The FUTURE is where you apply the lesson." Lets hope so!!!!
Not much! How are you?
Hey, I just remembered I have a Twitter account! Haven't used it since I tested it over a year ago. Well, it's time to give it another go!
“: We can have license fee increases and you can still stop the #wolf hunt. Please veto the hunt!"
#brucespringsteen looking great, sound amazing and so energetic on #thegrammys! Go boss!
RT : Great turnout at the the Social Media Marketing Workshop!
:) Thanks for the follow!
just received an honest-to-god paper thank you note in the *mail* from a former ugrad student who was given a grad scholarship. <beam>
Nah. Kanye stole that from Ma$e. Dollar said it on "Lookin at me" back in 97.
If you need home help, www.helphive.com is the place to go. Real reviews from real people about real work done. Only site I trust my home to
Where's the love world?
I love that song "She" by Tyler the Creator & Frank Ocean
His statement stated in private was not w/o merit. BIBI is difficult to deal with, ask any Israeli.
party in nh millys dollar drink night :)
is a bad bitch!!!
"I'm Ginika and I don't care much for followers so........." very nice Ginika, shows u really do care about the community
but bad job by def. Since pop Warner defenders are taught to pick up any ball on ground and return it.
Hey Champster is anything good going on tonight?
AFC Championship... Perfect time for a killer migraine. Sheesh.
Happy Monday. Thank you for following me:
. Yeah, but I think he pays people to say them when he isn't around.
And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do I don't mind. Why should I be frightened of dying, there's no reason for it you've got
#TheMortgageIsTooDamnHigh a la Jimmy McMillan RT : I hear you. “: Ha! Not for Los Angeles! "Renting A Home...
where in pa?
What is success in youth media? And how do we track long term student success? What's your data? Is that our purpose as providers?
that's exactly what it means. How'd you know.
Beautiful day...working in my garden, finishing up #kettlehill menus, planning and preparing is the theme for March
Hah! Maybe we should start instituting a prof pjs day. On second thought... maybe not.
hey can u plz follow me i will do anything plzz:-)
Saw a 16 and pregnant commercial and she said "since I got prego I can't cage fight" well duh!
My heart is heavy today. First Mother's Day w/o my Mom. It all seems so unreal.
Thanks...and thanks for the hashtag! :)
didn't think I could make it through my workout this morning, but then I saw on the Today Show and I magically felt energized.
Got my belly full with a GCB, my teeth cleaned by 's momma, now off to watch some football, then LION KING 3D!!
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught
Holy crap, #CougarTown. Way to go for the throat.
#Libya #feb17 AJ cuts in just as spokesman is talking about mercenaries! What did he say?!
Very nice
NEW Music Video of the Day & Mojo TV clip of the day! Check it out! www.mojosworld.net & Make requests!
My sleep schedule is so messed up! >:(
yeah I can read music and I kinda know how to play the piano but I wanna be really good like is. :)
Don't miss rip it up this #Saturday! TEXT PURA to 99158 to receive a $10 disc. pass Sat night!
Shortie must’ve heard, got the word, I move that D.
Wow..I am dancing in a bar..haven't done that in a while..thx roomies! Lol =)
if you look like you'll take the chance to kill me, i won't follow you back
Why does planet fitness make you cancel your membership in person?
This graphic novel is published by Schocken Books ()
figured out why audio kept getting added to new inspire posts. It should be fixed now. Any other issues?
Got a temp. job (1-2 weeks likely). Working is fine, but I'm also standing for 8 hours to do it. NOT COOL. ):<
I meant Orton
Ah. I hope you had a good time amigo!
hold your phone in the air, that might be the easiest way to spot you!
#NC - where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin. RT : North Carolina - Where Homophobes Teabag Liberty.
megan if i had to choose being with you or playing pokemon, i'd choose pokemon.
Oh ya I remember looking it up!! It was so gorgeous!
What kind of bar doesn't have draft beer? Hangar Lounge in Austin, apparently.
cuz she's an idiot
Can't wait for the 2U concert tonight! Shooting for the 3pm premier tasting too!
loving loving loving Daria and Mitch from 105.1 The Buzz
Tonight at Bayside Bowl in #Portland ME at 9 PM
True ride or die girls are too rare to find
We'd like to thank everyone who made our #EC experience awesome: The #EC staff and attendees . . .
im a 17 year old baby , on my grown woman shit .
That ball was crushed
Hiya we on same page. Got ticked off when I found out a "super fan" bullied someone
Thank you! They are weaknesses, so I have a nice challenge ahead of me! You could cheat & give up something you don't like... :)
you're very welcome!
Inspirational Alexis at Swanson Vineyards. Seeing dynamic women like that is inspiring but also makes u feel like you're not doing anything!
Thanks for the RT of my article! Hope you're having a great weekend! :)
Miss you bitch
Baking in the sun <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Congrats to Tom Wallisch for getting the gold in slopestyle ski!:D happy with the results in tht category...
and that's that. on the season's tombstone: So Little With So Much
Passed my Exchange 2010 Config test!
any big plans this weekend?
Gmail down????? What the hell?
mines 3392341171 I don't have yours
Math...it blows, a lot... Just like you hoe (:
We propose "adaptable" to define how data ought to be published. Adaptable data is politically-insensitive, like a volume knob for any goal.
Hold me again with all of your might
My kinkiness comes from deep within. What you mean is, now we know what I see in David. ;)
Lefty is on fire
Watching orioles and hummingbirds dart around as I sip amazing coffee. On vacation & at a museum conference in Bisbee. Having fun. Ah.
Oh man!!! the canyon is an Awesome place! luv looking at your pics :) ~ Be Safe! :)
oh sh*t is the "sneak peek" patrol... oopps! yes thanks for the correction.
I thought growing up was something that happened automatically. But it turns out it's something you have to choose to do.~Scrubs
happy birthday MY NIGGGGGGGGGAAAHHHHHH !
Get on my level?
Now this movie "Safe" is too Awesome!
the Hump? Where would that name have come from?
Good Morning Twitter
oh....ok, shouldnt u have been studying math?
At my desk with not shit to do!! Hurry up 5:00!!
watch the emmy's let him TiVo it
it's not going to be like this weekend..
Still up Floating like a paper plane...
Last night's Ladyscissors party set was tons of fun by the way. maybe I'll post the recording sometime if it came out well...
City planning commission OKs fish farm at former Don’s site
You're so welcome!
Salutes to all my Get Money people ...and whole camp # Garilla Family Records / B.H.P / Rio / /murakulousbeatz / Purp & u
Feel free to send one to me for evaluaation.
Can you make me a I Con and give me a shout out I just made this (: and I need help(:
I need to meet some new people.
"Good friends will stick with you until you're unstuck." Winnie the Pooh via
This is a great idea EG. Can any non-profits use this service?
Just walked around Berlin. Sitting on the bus watching tv waiting for load-in
Snooki's new book
In other news Blago in prison.... Any give a shit? please stopping littering on my tv please
you type that with tongue in cheek...
Glad John L. is a head coach again. Let the hilarity ensue!
DO NOT COMMIT SUICIDE. you are loved
Victory! D3 offers congrats to A.C. on your outstanding offer. Good luck wishes to K.S. & B.G. Also, D3 extends a big thank u to K.L.!
Holy bed time...gotta be up in 5 hours...it was worth it though!
Can't for to draw me a picture, so I can hang it in my room! A big one....
#famousexcuses from #Favre "I didn't feel like physically I could play at a level that was acceptable." Last month.
I officially know how feels when she's typing her long essays and the computer freezes-just when ur done and saving! >:/
Your not sorry you did it your sorry I found out ..
that's okay, busboys clean up pretty good
“: One down, four to go! #apufinalsweek” good luck buddy!!
I survived my speech!! XDDD lmao...and not once did he tell me to slow down ...pheww! Lol
I feel inadequate going on a regular run on
you've got to be kidding me
i wish there was a button that took you back your first tweet. it'll take most of us days to backtrack.
DON'T FORGET B.I.L.F. OF THE DAY ON OUR WEB PAGE... I am still willing to be your photographer
lol.... i was hopin u would get inspired an change yo shit. maybe a cute puppy or somethin
Stay tuned for another challenge field announcement TOMORROW!! Hint: he's currently a contender for 2012
Going to a networking event. Wondering what people are passionate about in their lives. bgr8 now
Wanting...not getting...need to change
QoTD: "If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it." (Unknown)
"How we treat the people we're allowed to mistreat is the measure of who we are." -- , excoriating
lol i just got done riding one of those carts at the hotel where u put ur luggage in the hallway lol
simple stock market stuff. Can't wait 'til she gets to price elasticity.
Teachers, Principals, Money Unresolved for 24 Turnaround Schools - New York Times
AZ living the desert life 4 a few days! Next stop miami =D
welcome home you really deserved those vacations
#NP Wild Horses / Rolling Stones
not sure. I was on a project when he left, I'm waiting to meet up when he gets back to get all the details.
Lol this guy said my morning was just morning but now it's good morning thank to you.. Fire game!
Also #thankfulfor free classes at the new in Arlington, VA next week - sweet!
I know, but like... yeah.
It's officially #bedtime. All I'm missing is one cute man to snuggle with :/
Well i should, but anyway!!!! Who cares???? (except my parents of course)
Ha ha that's wassup! Live to hear #Chicago #Juke music being played all over in the oddest places!
When do computers go to sleep?When it's internight.
many thanks, and thank you for the RT !
When you know a character is gonna live bc they have tons more episodes but you're still glued to the tv when they look like their gonna die
“He who does not travel does not know the value of men.” - Moorish proverb
The same thing happened to me yesterday. It was wonderful!
So, race car driver, check. Stunt pilot still iffy, though.
thanks for the heads-up.
Less popular than the air choke, Darth Vader sometimes employed "drill & kill" just to mix things up.
You're welcome. Thanks for the props!
Your Are Following Offical Site For www.wetechblog.wordpress.com for Updates
iHate Everything & Everyone . . .
that's what I'm here for yo.
Suddenly, I find myself addicted to green chile. At last, I am a true New Mexican.
are u gonna fill me in?
lucky for uga fans & uga richt truly loves uga morei than they "claim" to when they are winning
Shout out <<<<<<Follow
Tweeting when I have to be reading!!! Hello
Ugh, pretty sure I'm sick. Someone save me.
wanna give me a demonstration?
Omg I'm sick :/
same to you my friend
I Do Not Wanna Go To The Next Class
Happy Mothers Day to and Christine.
cherish yestrday live today dream tomorrow
How did you get the moving image of yourself? Seems pretty legit.
I rlly jst wanna wear my prom dress already
Phone going dead dam I talk too much on the phone
stop being so sad hunny. Cheer up! You have your friends and babygirl, we love you <3
big surprise
thanks man - i cant wait either
totally cereal!
can't wait to see BOTH of them.
1 week until Christmas!!
Aaannnnddd power is back...lame. I got excited for a second there.
Its Taylor gang over everything
my grandmothers last name was Rushing.
Charlie's Angels is on! That was my favorite movie EVER.
so sorry to hear...
Hi! My name is Michael from MA, I teach in a 1:1 iP school teaching English and History.
Im pretty sure we have that orange chocolate.
If Kanye and Kim wed, will he become Kanye Kardashian?
Thanks for the follow. Love connecting with others who are passionate about educational technology
How to know I'm really bummed, I can't bring myself to sing in the car.... :-\
"Breakfast club"
now that's a biased
What's this?!
Big shout out to my bro and all the DJ's for welcoming me into the fam. Excited for what the future holds!
Been trying for weeks to learn how Brian plays Glad You Came acoustic but it's SO DAMN HARD TO FIGURE OUT
Would I need to change the register line in the skin to point to the skins folder instead of desktopmodules/ddrmenu?
HELLO TWITTER :D I'm here for complete world domination :D
what ever happen to Tila Tequila?
Someone was selling eater suits on chrenshaw on the street @ around 10am...if you dont have your suit by now?
Yes he had a great career but the ending was crazy .Why did he not see a doctor??
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll look into it next time he's in town.
Wow! Beautiful picture.
I hate cleaning my room.
Romney: The Cayman man for the common man. Oh yeah........
should be.... Bleep the man.... "comedy central" if they are shutting you off....
If you must have fast food, try BBQ chicken, bean burritos or vegetable pizzas..
- awesome! Can't wait to start!
RT “: I need a pedicure with a chain saw”| DAMN! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
i have the opportunity and can't go. ya know? pluis who knows when he's coming back. and he'll be more famous soon. ughh.
Wait, I missed a Stanley Cup for Chicago. So Chicago has 9 total and Detroit has 8. So 9 counts, but 8 isn't "ANYTHING"?
Bradley Beal is in Chi. Not only was he 1 of the bright spots on the Gators last season, he's going top 5 in the draft <33333333
Chinese Facebook #RenRen going public. Good buy or Bad buy?
Arby's after a win over rival Padua
We pay taxes 4 govt programs we don't support. Don't let employers pick & choose which services 2 provide in health plans.
Hi Sarah. It sounds as though we're both just starting out. I haven't begun my #chartership PPDP yet, but need to ASAP.
Well...here goes...
I've ignored it bc I'm busy cranking out the old kind of work while cultivating opportunities for the new. Time to rethink?
hahahah that will last a good 7 seconds!
I just finished a 0.84 km run with Nike+ GPS.
okay I will(:
Happy Friday! Almost time to upgrade my phone. Thinking about a droid. Thoughts?
time to get this day crack-a-lacking.
pahhhh lease. Working girl needs food, and they're not feeding me for free on that day.
Scary to read.
I ain't been wet in a minute
Driving while high limit public comment beginning in House judiciary.
gettn some ink done right now
where? :o
FOUND MY BEATS!
Do It! RT : u have to be there for Jeffy's & 's birthday!! Remember we r bringing...
: No comment available for public consumption.
#firespaz up to his old tricks again - impressive "deer in headlights" impression
I LOVE this topic AND anything to do with measuring. I take all the fun our of social media. #SMBME Thanks for coming!
Deepak Chopra is coming to CUP!
I was 1 of 5 students nominated by our teacher to attend the Public Speaking Society. I wasn't chosen but being nominated was pretty cool!
feel better, Kaley! Will.... no! *hits you with rolled up newspaper!* ..NO.
#Sagittarius loves 2 travel, the life of the party! Short (or long) jaunts 2 another destination is a real turn-on. Mile high club anyone?
Find out what time they'll be back in Charlotte. I'll meet y'all there!!!
epic ..."but I just cannot stand decisions made on lack of information. "
TONIGHT Filmmaker Emilio Roso & his new movie on the Israeli mafia- listen if you dare 2night on my show 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
"is this the Krusty Krab?" "no this is Patrick." it just never gets old.
Enjoy #Mario for who and what he stands for. Like the statue or not it's your opinion just enjoy the fact we still have a team
On my way to pick up some Post Workout Creatine! Yeah Baby!
you're awesome all rightt. ;)
I wish the 70's and 80's music came back... All we have is Justin Beiber, Selena Gomez, Adele, ect. >.< Our parents were so lucky. :P
Acquired replacement battery for Iriver H340 Check ... Opened the Player Up & Replaced Old Batt with New Batt Check .. Now it doesn't Work!!
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Incomparable lucidity and penetrativeness
What are you doing to increase Twitter presence ?
holy cow. its 6pm already. Hot dang.
either drugs or drugs
I had no food at the airport. Think it was the mac-n-cheese.
Today I did a total of 150 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 6, Day 2, Level 1)
My new Mack Ave record comes out tomorrow worldwide. Bandmates are G-Hutch, & Get it!!!!
Something about the bookstore... It feels so safe here. Comforting but exciting.
For a start, where does Dr. Pepper fit in?
Ceylon tea is from Ceylon, Sri Lanka and is a middle-bodied tea. It's not as strong as Assam, but stronger than Darjeeling.
I was uncomfortable
Shannon are you planning on having more Limited Addition posters, pics Ect???
Great weekend Ready to go Make some money this week#on it
work work work.
The Lucky One <3 Was an amazing movie. <3 I love my lucky 1 , cause in my world he is the One. The ONE for me , myself &I. N thats myself.
Keep me posted please!
wowza!!!! Try not to float away!
Hug the hurt. Kiss the broken. Befriend the lost. Love the lonely ;) x
"I got bronchitis....!! Ain't nobody got time for that!"
4 MORE DAYS OF KYLE PIERCING! Don't miss out! Come on down and get pierced say whats up to Kyle and get 20% off your jewelry.
Thx for shout out!
It was a great experience and a strong showing of KC startups.
crack B what it lookin like homey?
I don't understand this math shit!
This line in particular gets me: "You’re ready. Start making stuff. You might be scared. That’s natural."
One hour till our Twitterview with - SO many questions tweeted with #17Ariana - this will be fun! RT to all Victorious fans!
son of a...biscuit. A chicken biscuit. Yum. Always crave it on a Sunday. ;(
I love my sis
I don't drink all the time, a brother needs to sleep. Plus I can't drink when I'm hunting down criminals or taking a shit
The Rams shouldn't be allowed to go back to LA. Its not the same as the Raiders and they weren't appreciated while in LA
SKY LOUNGE'S LADIES NIGHT !!! LADIES FREE TIL 11PM WE WILL HAVE 2 FLOORS AVAILABLE FOR HOURS OF PARTYING. ON OUR
We did, he didn't respond
A rise in energy positive materials (piezoelectric, solar, ambient microwave). You are the power plant.
Tru happiness starts within oneself. It is at that point in which 1 wld Bring someone else in the picture to SHARE it with.
there is a special on diving on the history channel right now!! I'll pick up some tips for ya ;)
We are #2 in the World under facebook sendittomeokay.com
happy to share that we're using libguide api & pulling course-specific content directly into our lms: moodle
#UArts 2pm Washington Square Park - get FLASHED by theater.
Got it done early good job preds!
Oscar commercials were better than Super Bowl ads?! Works for me
This is a hard game to watch but Denver has zero quit.
Thanks for the invite. Could you tell us a little more about it?
triscuits and mayo?
Hi ! For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist. May I get in touch by email?
next song you better give me a shout out though
hahahahah that just means I'm stupid hahah
#immvt information literacy insomnia has struck. Brain going fast fast fast.
Breakfast was delich! Workout great till I was interrupted but I enjoyed Talking story...besides it was just the morning grind ;0) NOW SUN!
my comment to you about me unfollowing is! I unfollow cause you wasn't following back,very simple Good Day
The State Department recently announced that effective today, Ap 13, it will adjust visa processing fees for both nonimmigrant & imm visas.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Venezuela. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Walk of shame. But all I did was pass out on a couch
Starting this week, Christy and Ignatiy reach into the vault and present classic episodes of Sneak Previews!
Bulls season isn't done, even if D rose is. We beat the heat by like 20 w/o him. Fuck it. Let's go Bulls!
meh...still at work and it's been a rough day. but less than an hour left! how are you?
"Xcel Energy is now offering prescriptive rebates on LED lighting"
Ride-On!
“: Surround yourself by the people who you can be yourself without being judged .” couldnt agree more
RT : CEP + #Ehcache in a #BigMemory world. Look out folks. It is game-changing!
dinner cooked, lunch packed, clothes ironed 4 work, bath.....time 2 relax....thank GOD 4 peace....GN!
Agreed. Scrutiny of quality of in-course student experience as facilitated by instructor is hard for many reasons.
Happy thanksgiving to my Zombies!!!!
Just a couple more weeks I think I can hold off for that long *lies to himself*
I wish Potter's House was in NY. I would so go. It's worth it. The energy, vibe, teaching, presences & word...is so worth it!
I would have liked it if it was april! Lol
“ A man who causes fear cannot be free from fear. ” — Epicurus
What's your fantasy?
Welcome to the BIG 12
Gone shake that booty , you got money to make with that booty .
#MarcStaahl wins it!!!!
TCU and Boise have played in BCS games recently RT And mine never has. The reality of the non-AQ, whether in the MWC or Indy
What pitfalls did you encounter?
is getting geared up for the U2 concert
I totally contemplated the idea of it today. Went with broccoli instead. fail.
Sexual predator.
Do our bodies work differently than they did in 1959? It sure feels that way (or is it just me?).
possessed people at our school smh
As soon as they let these IPO's off watch that hoe drop like a fly.
You're my hero.
awkward moment when im come off twitter, and then find out justin bieber is coming to NYC soon <3 #thethingsimiss <3
Monster, how feel? Creatures lie here, looking through the windows.
Let's me feel like I'm there. Thanks for the pics and get more twittering going on!
Da Best team won NY Giants! That was a great game last night!
Merry Christmas xoxo RT back please!!
So happy for ! One day will follow me too(:
If by looking @ your avi I can't tell if you male or female I'm un-following you. Sorry-n-shit.
i am thrilled as well. but on the real, you were more cynical when you lived in brooklyn
at this moment i would like to be a fashion blogger GaG
Haddadi didn't want any part of that Blake Griffin dunk
So unhappy but safe as could be...
wow well congrats. I bet shes going to be very cute
Friend and iFitFamily writer Rachel Ettinger is featured in Oxygen magazine for April as a "Future of Fitness" Pick up your copy 2day!
it's worth it. Maybe wants to watch, too.
wants BRAINS! actually, recommends keep in sync with the main repo; take advantage of other minds working on
Especially a computer that's so slow that it's like pushing an elephant thru a garden hose!
Will DM details.
Is that your puppy in your profile pic? So cute!
Watching the #Liege-bastogne-liege with my 2 kids. 23k left..Gilbert & team looking good.
I know you wear brown shoes with black pants but would you wear black shows with brown pants?
"Don't mistake activity for achievement"
Gala dinner sure to be talent rich
Have you ever tried our IMPERIAL WAGYU SHORTRIB – horseradish-potato puree, braised winter cabbages, crispy leeks, natural jus
Omg I'm really craving these noodles I get from elephant bar <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098>
A dusting of snow = Half day of work... I like NC!!
Johm Michael Liles, Ryan Millers buddy, just kicked his friend when he was down
I heard bout you guys frumm ---and it's so slicccckkkk! FF!
Following you! Follow back :-)
two months I think.
Can't get your children to eat meat? Mix them a TeamVic Matrix shake and they will get quality protein and nutrition.
totally agree. "the key is a Dr that listens" tks :)
If you guys tweet us, we'll definitely talk about it!!!
Decided to take the high road and act like I didn't know who he was. Introduced myself. Asked him what his name was. We're BFFs now. ;)
Looking to highlight the best. Who is your favorite guitar player?
ROFL!!! Tay?? Big head?? That's from your side of the family.
you should be in town!! Wtf!?!? :p
Im a fricken retard sometimes....
totally agree
At work listening to my iheartRadio and it makes me feel like I'm on vacation somewhere .. Lol
We think about how to re-create inspiring, human relationships digitally. is a huge inspiration to us.
You Sir have excellent taste - Go !
Enjoy the rest of your Sunday...........and remember God loves you and Angie loves you too
I hate homework where you have to think. UGH
And it's my job, to keep you strong.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you...
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet, go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Please RT
How does everyone feel about the new album? Love it? Hate it? Indifferent? Not going to pick it up because you despise ?
"I like being a woman, even in a man’s world. After all, men can’t wear dresses, but we can wear the pants." — Whitney Houston R.I.P!
Julian Moore reveals: "I wear mascara when I'm feeling depressed." ... Do you have a beauty pick-me-up?
oh hahaha thats weak , I thought someone from school :p
o im glad i dnt have any kids thoo !! lol
too funny! Haha
Imagine Your Events got a big shout out from Pastor Petty from PGBC yesterday. Yes we will be successful, because we love what we do!
Oh sorry, it's called "RemoteDroid". It's in the market.
We'd love to see a Snip.it collection from you on proactive health!
i wish i could close my eyes and then open them and be in nashville
Gotta go! Be back later! (:
Follow me and share me! I'll Do the same:D
re: Me too. And super nice to fans. Their music always brings a smile. In other words, = instant happy.
He's 2 busy lowering state flags #Christiecansuckit : Chris Christie vetoes New Jersey same-sex marriage bill
12 hours is nothing....... How you livin' Jay?
that's some BS ... wow.
yay! you got it :)
No You aint :/
I may be poor, but I still have my good looks!
Yay! Can't wait to watch...
If your attendance is excused or if it's a blue pass it shouldn't be counted agents you as a 10 day absent <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Don Mashak&#39;s Montgomery County, Alabama Free Press: Minnesota ...
When I think of beautiful people I think of people that make everyone around them feel good. #theladyI'mabout
You are the reason I still believe the best is yet to come <3
Madden: don't spend $ on offenders who will commit new crimes, or those offenders who won't. Focus $ on those who could go either way.
So excited. Made me dance dance dance!!!! :-)
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ? :) :)
Them Swarming!!! Please Trade ! &
It's time to prove that team basketball can overcome any individual talent ... (cough) knicks....(cough). Excuse me.
Want to see Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday? Tag and in a tweet and you might win a ticket!
Whatt You Doing
I like it. Looks like a chorus to me...
“: You playing tonight or bumped down to 3rd string now? RT : Yawn just waking up”<~ lmao
All of the books in the world contain equal a broadcast as video in a large American city in a single year not all bits have equal value
I assume thats a good thing you just said about him? Why now when he has been Tony Hush, not Plush.
yess.boo hope.to.c u.2 morrow.funds provided
tip to all re: obesity - blame and stats are less relevant than solutions. Nature + whole food access + play
Watching Donnie Darko for the hundredth time love this movie
I think she's trying to grid my gears
thank you!! I know now how you must feel about your precious boy!
I hear "sarge at arms" nearly had to take up arms today, eh?
I can remember Robin signing autographs one night, must have been thousands, and everyone he was smiling! many will miss him!
I'm going twilight over s new phrase! lol
Wow i wish you were where trusting.
how about presidents trophy winners just playing better and with heart in general
I will now do a twitter friendly real-time reaction to all my upcoming geek movie trailers
Sounds fun!!
why would I miss you when already tells me what you doing ;) lmfao! <U+2665>
The only things we ever keep are what we give away. – Louis Ginsberg
well I think we have C!
U a lmfao lol bt I still love ya
there will be females where you #flaking at
Feels good to be told that I'm a awesome girl, and beautiful and being surprised... ;)
Do you really need to see an ID?
I miss my bestfriend! :/
D3 offering sincere congrats to candidates: K.H., R.P. & N.H.! Also, well wishes going out today to M.G. from D3!
Really enjoyed #BarcampCLT today. Thank you to everyone involved for making it such an awesome time!
Dear CGRN members. First Give-away day is tomorrow from 11am to 2pm. Contact for more info; Become a mbr to participate.
FORMAL WAS SO AWESOME!!!!! i had a great time with !!!
Thanks a bunch for spreading the word . You rule !!
thanks for the follow. We will let you know when we are in Chicago!
It ticks me off when Ur being a little bitch for no reason
Hosting Christmas Day festivities, so had to spend Christmas Eve cleaning house. Bright side: little time to witness #Cowboys loss.
I got 1002 followers. Prettyy beastt. Thanks for the follows:)
Hockey is usually a little more exciting than this, right?
The guy from the David Blaine youtube video is in a USPS commercial and it's freaking me out
I got an iphone ... 2nd change of life
im gettin' ready to go to one special place lol :D <33
": I didn't reheat pizza leftovers... I ate em cold. #GutsyCall"
lol *cancel request cancel request!* and hope they don't get email notifications
Finally..Bobby V will announce the back-end of the rotation tomorrow. What combination of Aceves, Bard and Doubront do you think it will be?
Just kidding! Its FUCKING ADVENTURE TIME!!!!!
blah mandatory employee blah.
hahaha damn, don't make it sound like a chore.
Writing all day tomorrow! Also we will be posting a new video with a sneak peek of a NEW SONG!!! Thanks again for following, see ya soon!:)
My goodness
Suck it Up Saturday: Endurance
:) RT You were the 500th person I followed! You're the 500th person I'll probably never actually read any of your tweets
absolutely! Please register on our site.
LincolnsDC ought be a must-have for Civil War buffs. Neat gifting for Presidents Day treats.
Excited for the trip to MOMA to see Diego Rivera exhibit with my brothers
"I love you." I said. "Did you put the money on the dresser?" she replied
Loving the March issue!!
Ended up 4-3 tonight on our Locks which were given for Free. For Sunday, we have 9-$10 Locks available each backed with 120% MB GUARANTEE!
man it's about that time
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." - The Dalai Lama
5. Find ur own hedgehog (what ur passionate abt+wired for+where u can b useful in way society values) #ASTD2012 Collins
Hi Alisha, thanks for following, now following you too. As a veteran producer/engineer I wish you the best!
Predictions for #CAbarexam : Con Law, Evid, Torts, Wills/Trusts, Bus Ass, PR. Good luck guys.
I really love the part when she was being carried
I'm proud of you. You did it. I'm gonna see you walk the stage like I promised.
You dont know-oh-oh You dont know your beautiful (:
Goodnight everyone, love yall and good luck to everyone who is testing tomorrow(:
i need to hit the lottery ... what 4 digit number should i play?
where to?
Trying to get my niece into #Egyptology . She's way more excited about the #HungerGames soundtrack. Can't think why.
I miss u even though I know u don't miss me.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
I really wanna get Snake Eyes, but my GF disapproves. >-<
I just hit 5,000 views a month for the first time!
haha I had a feeling you would enjoy that one. This goes to show that it's not good to get me angry. And right back at you :)
Before all work in the basement, Caitlin and I review Spider Protocol: I must immediately and silently remove any spiders that fall on her.
sounds Terrible
Yes! Why is she not much more well-known?
Apparently Robot Unicorn Attack is not going to be on my final tomorrow...need to seriously rethink my studying strategy.
I can't beleive the #Astros are ahead of the #Brewers in the standings! AL take the 'Stros already, we could use the help.
You will!! Make sure to watch the show & see how we did it RT : I am going to be a part of this club in 2012
HA! Plzzzz with some sugar on top. : Oh please pick Jindal, Romney!
Reminds me that I should really invest in a new pair of jean overalls - those things were awesome.
I have a really bad gut feeling, and they're usually right... I just hope Nick is okay while he's at work...
Will RJ be at any of the Spurs camps?
Was supposed to move tomorrow. Now...next week.
NIGGA SAID HE GOT SWAG ROCKIN CORDUROY SLIPPERS WIT DRESS PANTS.
Do I see a job in nutrition in your near future?
Was gonna say something, but I've never seen you so happy.
RT : If Im not mistaking i see my cousin in future new video! Lol |
Kyle deserved it. Should have won.
Happy Hump day ! Have a great day everyone!
Stoked to be apart of it man!!
Very welcome re: wi-fi. This is the way that it should be. Open access for information sharing
Everyone be sure to tell mom thanks for vetoing that facial that one time long ago.
Hoping everyone is having a pleasant pleasing #TGIF morning. Clear sunny skies here in the DC Metro area. A cool calming breeze.
you'll have to catch Jessic Kirson's act at the Gotham! It's awesome!
A closed mouth won't get fed
two days late
I love smart phones. I hate my
We have no one to blame but ourselves...
sleepy head
Sweet! Can't wait to hear all about it!
Thanks! It was an honor to be a part of such a kickass day. Wish we could have stayed longer.
Your musician’s personality can add much to the marriage ceremony and can make or break your reception. Select wisely
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE If you ain't talking money, then what are you talking bout homey?
well if Mr Jones likes them then they should be great :-)
I can't blame Melo for this one. Virtually no help from anyone.
Got leather jacket for $7 in Redondo Beach thrift store yesterday. Red Smarty says it's a women's coat. I don't care! Goes w/ my girl jeans!
Supposed to be moving up to the 4th floor today , that's to many more extra stairs ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
We still on for tomorrow at noon?
That one person who you miss alot, but can't do anything about it.
Back on US soil-tired. Great trip/quality time with Dad/amazing history & 'heart' time in Israel. Good to have an American cup o java today!
nothin serious I jus need a nap gettin frustrated
New issues of List, Cheaptoys, and Culture Slut coming soon!!
On Central East of Coors, and yes, it's worth the drive.
eventually I'll have to find a decent pic of me...for now I just use cool lookin' stuff as my profile pics
Excited for the miXfactor tomorrow! Hope to see you there!! ( :
My colleague Miguel Helft and I are at Apple, liveblogging the company's "Back to the Mac" press conference on nytimes.com/bits.
today is going to be special.... I feel it.
Nice piece today. Sad but true.
Remember when Rachel Crow collapsed after being booted from The XFactor? That was good TV. #WhereIsSimon?
Good Morning!!
many blessings to all my twitter friends! have a good day! <3
We are a #Coats for Colorado Drop Off Location! Stop by with your coats so someone else can stay warm this year!
HOD/Nikita had been neck in neck with Ringers ratings. The knew one of the 3 would go but Witch one? SMG is now pregnant so
np - Kid Cudi - Enter Galactic (Love Connection part 1) omg
I've been a customer since 10/01 but that last straw is just about to break my back - instant videos show up but aren't avail...
Best EPL finish ever? Thanks Joey Barton!
Cuteness!! Kinda looks like our dog. She's an Akita named Brinkley:-)
We are trying to decide on a Hackathon at #CTIA this year.
It's still my birthday for 4 more minutes so let me just say THANK YOU Y'ALL for your good wishes. Here's to making a speedy recovery. :)
silly orthodox Jews.
give a follow
Novak is not THAT good! Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth
I love how when I was sick no one gived a flying eff about me yet when my brother is he goes to the doctor and everyones worried
I'm sorry doll! Yes. I deleted my fb a while ago. :-(
I really like you
E-Portfolio: Students personality really shines through in each of their own portfolios, creating their own digital identity
yeah I saw that too That's a girl who took my pic from facebook. And I don't see how but ok.
Damn I love the smell of a cardamom!!!
Clouds in the sky crabs on the table cold drink in the hand it's a great day!
shame on you taking vacation now :p
i gotta have that show me that cat put you on yo stomach get to hittin you from the back have heart attack she really really strapped
NELA's web pages seem to be down at the moment...
#YESmaybe RT : Ignorance doesn't have an age RT : They are too old to be doing this....
I totally hear you. I bought the 5 disc The Complete Adventures of the Style Council!
I REALLY want to go to weenie roast
In the words of Sade cherish the day because no one is promise tomorrow.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
congrats! is that still in Springfield?
Fantasy Football is killing Real Football
That's sweet of you :)
thats why im getting a camo coat :)
Paypal Standard doesn't make sense. The objective of our service is save businesses money and make money available more quickly.
Grateful that the music is blessing you :)
Sure, ya don't... *cough cough* "Stripes on ya face like a Zebra, I call tha jungle feva" lol
maybe we're embracing it?
They always come runnin back lol that's the funny part!! Did I miss something?
We are what we think.
It was so awesome, huh? I can't hear that song w/o going back to that night either!
Hey, what'r u guys up to tonight? I'm sitting on my balcony enjoying this beautiful weather.
I don't know...I felt a big emptiness in the force when you were gone. Friday feels right with you here.
yup yup. Hope you like Jager. We would be taking some Jager bombs. Lol.
YES! (I think I'm an all-caps abuser... are there meetings for that?)
All GOD want is 4 us 2 step out on FAITH & he will show u that he will never leave u
One week until Cow Appreciation Day. Dress like a cow and get a FREE Chick-fil-A meal. That's right - a free meal!
KUTE !! with a capital K !
Thanks Cindy! #fordla All of you, too! Great show. : great to see you last night!
yes it is so u stfu
2 ConnectingCircles in #Boston in March! Let's grow that city! Free to join now from there!!!!
Opening HLA speaker: Anne Balsamo, USC on "designing culture: tech imagination at work".
lmao!! Shut up dude
B cruisin to french montanna. Like the old days
En route to CT. Quick cousins stop in Greenwich!
Thanks for noticing us! I vouch for RT
You really never have a pt. Wisc. LOST jobs in last year, dead last in job creation in USA.
Bummer, you will be missed...
probably because he wasn't dressed in an 18th century costume..
“: good times last night fellas, great to meet all of you” Ditto sir!
Completely the opposite of what just said ": "we're looking for consistent singles, notgrand slams"
metadata as a graph - corey harper
that's just awesome.
nah but I really do like the dude .
I'll try A!!! ps- thank you so much for the card/pics, so so sweet. It meant so much!
My weekend starts now
cloudy day in cheeseland..... making cookies and going to watch the PACKERS beat DA Bears!
are you interested in doing a help! webinar? I'd love more gov data topics
Wrapped at 5 am. Now im watching the beautiful sunrise on my drive home.
My first beer of American Craft Beer Week: Donner Party Porter in Truckee,Ca
Publisher Dr. Eileen Hulme proposes that #SApro offices have exchange programs to gain new perspectives. What do you think?
>News ZoiVi( New Company Listing ) ZoiVi, founded in 2010 and based in North Carolina, markets a "complete purification system for a heal
It's August 1st... You know what that means! First 5 people to post August's birthstone win a free jewelry cleaner. Ready, Set, Go!
WORD! Good Lord, #shesannoying : Courtney NEEDS TO GO
RT : Cooper-Hewitt Members: RSVP for April 25 Private Viewing of Print/3D Exhibition at Material ConneXion-...
Great social media class by
Thank you all for your interest, support and orders. Thank you for helping make a difference. Have a Great Wednesday!
One Thing After Another
don't expect much, matt :-)
This NBA game is very entertaining.
It's cold here indoors. Is the heat wave here yet?
YouTube or Hulu will right your ship.
Why old women so intimedated by young women
meeeeeooowwwwww!!!! - i agree ;) anything for our next generation!
i'm all about that cheese danish
Fan off = Dying of heat, Fan on = Freezing cold. -___-
My life might niot be as bad as yurs. But u told me i was one of yur best friends. Don talk shit
Ah this crazy world! YING YANG TWINS HAVE A FIST PUMP SONG LOL
Yeah, it hasn't been too slammed (hence being able to tweet).. I think it's hunger-enduced crankiness!
Thanks for the movie tip Jade!! We gotta get you on the to get your request on soon!!
yes :) im following!
Would love to be in on the conversation!
What race/class doe
Havin a beer at the oldest bar in America with my boy
LIVE RIGHT NOW! LOST OF THE COUNCIL PRODUCTIONS AND T SCOTT ON THE PULSE! With POWER 98.3 Where Hip-Hop Lives!
Sushi and Saporo. It's dinner
hope everyone had a great Halloween. a bit strange for us New Yorkers b/c we had snow. lol
Way to go Giants!!! Now for The Voice!
Merry Go Round Tour
I haven't - will check them out! Gracias!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
I dont understand. LOL well guess there is just a lot in this world we will never understand.
Holy smokes...jelly fish have caused a power outage in Manila, shut down a nuclear power plant in Sweden. That's it....I'm boycotting Jello!
Dam shit just ain't right I should've stayed where I was at til I got my shit right I can't help u n its killing me what am I to do :'(
if y'all don't win this contest, I'm going to go on a rampage & break some faces. ..or I'll just cry. But yeah. Good luck!!
I just took an Ambien & I can't wait for this bitch to kick in.
gonna start coming on here more <3
Thank u!!
Yeah, has a 800 number you call into and you can post audio to your blog from it.
not sure. It was a part of the cu Denver guitar festival. I hope they start touring again though!
Follow my girls for updates! <3 #TEAMFOLLOWBACK .
dear john is the shit !
I want too much music equipment. Must.Resist.
there is something seriously wrong with that...
Out in Hoboken.. Like how I ended up with Packer colored beads!
I believe the councilwoman approached Wegmans. 1problem was the footprint. Not avail in 7. Chk w/her office.
Patience + Persistance = Perseverance
my booty is inappropriate sometimes.
going to shred! Stamp it.
The OCLC kid looks slightly demonic....
The Pirates used 3 players at 1B today with a combined 29 years of MLB experience. In those 29 years, those 3 players played 49 games at 1B.
he got Parker on ls
Haha damn straight that ish, can't be beat lol . Can't belive he let u put that up
Red eye flights always seem like a good idea at the time.
Finding a spell-checker Firefox add-on for published pages might be the most life-changing thing I've ever found
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
It MUST have bourbon, right? Just got back from KY, and that looks delish!
VIDEO: Self-hacking for marketers from floor of #ces bit.ly/w8K8os w/
I'm sure family has dibs on those.
i saw another scheduled for next week, in the forum.
Here Comes The BS.
When forgets to shave me... and do it. To be honest, they do a better job.
Beg to differ my friend, the bro and I have thrown down some VH in our old band and he can still lay out 'Eruption' today.
skizo? I don't remember what's his name lol
Find your pace and enjoy the moment. Races are special: have fun. No need to stress.
Wrote my first ever recommendation letter today. A bit worried that it actually might not be any good.
:-) Hotel pillows are often big and not directly proportion with our neck. Make use of small neck pillows.
I'm sick of rude comments (#rush limbaugh), tired of negative ads, and thoroughly disgusted with hypocrits. Be civil. Be positive. Be real!
Wait a couple months and your guna see you'll never find no one better then me :)
whenever we have another family get together
Good night!!!!!
“: Those who just missed SNL's opening "Linsensitive" skit are going to want to watch it when it posts online.”. 11:30 pm PST!
Fraley and Grimes drive in two runs off singles to give North Texas an early 2-0 lead.
Really wanted to get to Westchester Jazz Orchestra "Monk meets Mulligan" show last night but too much going on. Hope it was a good show!
switch camera to pit road and then top (or view you want). Don't hit zoom again. Temp fix.
“ what kinda guns do bee's have? BB Guns! lmfao! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> *knee slapper*” <<<< definately not!
Thanks to The Country Doctors, the California Clipper and for Burning River! Great show, great bar and great beer!
It's too bad you're not a hockey fan too because then my shit would be golden.
Aww they're crying :o shoot I feel like it to . . .
Didn't know you're a musician whose band is releasing a CD. You can count on my support!
I guess the hating didn't work so now they telling lies!!
wow so it arrived right on time! Your a winner love and drama only slows us down! Keep it fresh and push on! Muah
Nah I'm going home to DC. But I'll be up on weekends to party and kick it. You?
So true! It's how we use SM : No time like the present to create a health care SM policy bit.ly/p2QWMo
Im Not Gonna Lie The First Time I Started Talking To You I Didnt Know You Would End Up Being This Important To Me In My Life <3, #ILoveIt <3
I meant the*** not there
im bored af at my desk!!
Patrick Kane was here in Wisconsin when he was getting drunk and getting thrown out of clubs (allegedly). I coulda been in his entourage...
Above? That's unfair to sandwich artists.
... If he played for the Knicks, my guess is the Knicks are a lottery team this year.
Water main break causes sinkhole SE 109th and Division. Traffic closed one lane each way. Will be this way through the morning at least.
I think that's so cool.
Yacine Baroudi Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
awww i feel awesome my bf just offered to get me a new ipod after I ruined mine <3
Haha guys... We need to be more appreciative of our professors... they make Georgetown great
it is a good day!!
Moving on to chapter 14..is it too late to become a rock star instead of a writer? Better shoes, less isolation.
Thanks for asking He's doing better. In a lot of pain still. Good Times.
's perfume was inspired by ?
how did i know you would still be up:)
canceling the "writers' houses" Google Alert....
where u been hiding ? LOL
Today's Marketing by the Numbers seminar was excellent. Lots of usable, quantifiable information and relatable examples shared.
Vic So'oto must be bad too then? on OLB Ricky Elmore: "...one of Ted Thompson’s worst draft choices ever." Yikes.
isn't that a shoe? lol
#weirdShitIUsedToDo pretend I was a vampire slayer.
#PACKthePAC! TIME TO STAND UP! STOP CITY LAYOFFS! STOP SCHOOL CLOSINGS! THE STATE OF NEWARK @ NJPAC - 3/1 @ 4:30PM (1 Center St) BE THERE!
-- Blah Blah Blah, Stop Cryin!
Attending #NCTM12 & interested in becoming an online tutor? Stop by booth #1314 & find out more information!
Hey BJ how do you feel about the DQ on the card, and Joe confronting Mazagatti about it?
playing a block party outside of maple leaf from 7 to 9 tonight. Post jazzfest party! Come get funky with us!!!
Pele: "Now everyone is talking about Messi; he is a star. But [to be the best ever] he must first become better than Neymar." That's a joke
Yes, longer days are a sign.
Follow back
dude we need to have a Mets fan bbq at your home lol...you be the cook haha.
Aw, that's pretty.
this #clooneywatch nonsense is silly. and he's filming 3 doors from my work tomorrow. #lookoutjoe is gonna be busy!
I'm glad, too! More than glad.
you going to pasadena to watch CR7 play in july?
is a single laaaddaaaaaayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
is my mexico mistress, whisking me away as a gift from this christmas.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Interesting how what the rich & Right call "freedom" is for most of us serfdom. They want "freedom" to exploit and enslave us. No.
As of today I am shorting the s&p 500 with gusto. target is early December. The bear rally is over.
Wishing all the #moms a happy mother's day and special wishes to - a great role model & mom in today's music industry!
Idc am going to cali some how and some way
Great seeing you guys!!!! Miss you both already!!!
This year gonna watch both the state of the union and the super bowl on DVR, a first
next time i'll send a twitpic with a message, but that was a snow cone-like drink from westside tavern called a blackberry julep.
Family Guy is so funny.
Rates are up for several reasons 1) 1 in 5 that are infected don't know it 2) lack of experience w/ early days of
Happy Cinco De Mayo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
How and where should one speak up?
BUT CLEARLY MORGAN WAS OUT
I like #haha much better
Hahaha true story RT : My cousin Meg is a genius. The #Jaguars are the District 13 of the NFL.
indeed it is lol
I love that cut on erika!!!
Know a good one? It's National Presidential Joke day. Bet Jason Austel has a couple; he's got a million jokes stuck in his brain...ask him
Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone
thanks for all you do for Ethiopian orphan relief and for being a super Great little sister.
If you walk away, everyday
Happy Mothers Day to all moms that are, moms to be, and moms that were. <3
thank you!!
Okay thanks, maybe that's it...I thought I saw a new sign coming off the building, like how Chazz's sign is
Happy Hump Day! Don't hump too hard...lol :-P Texts will be ok! 304-612-2469 that air feels so good today! Day 3...8 more to go!
All work nd no play make Jack a dull boy.
I KNOW!!! I Was like omg...you guys...WEVE WALKED THROUGH HERE 5 TIMES!!!
Integrated Solutions Hold Sway in the North American Cardiovascular Image and Information Systems Market, Finds Frost ...
If you or someone you know has .NET & web dev skills & is looking for a job in #ROC, let me know. (2 positions, different skill levels.)
thanks man, thats means a lot! I like the way you movin it ;)
I did no such thing
Cracks me up, Republicans spend how much time on birth control debate? Now they complain president should not be focusing on gay marriage?
RT Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
I swear everyday that goes by the more bullshitttt i hear
Heading out to madison to pick up some !
oh no, it was unappealing for 6hrs. What did you do?
Tried to return call from resolution center. Reentered dreaded #800 vortex. Hmm.. no way to enter an ext #. Frustrating.
@(614) Magazine: Have you heard of The Hubbard Grille. New bar--what's the scoop?
Birthdays where the worst days now we sip champaign when we thirsty
Holy crap... how many times can we fight about the same thing?
I am following Jay
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
This month, come check out our genealogy display and learn about how to use the sources @ your library!
I'm just running behind on everything.
Look foward to watching!
haha yep, someone finally gets it! :)
just had lunch with poet/musician . she is incredible. come see her perform Friday, 3/2/12 at Meca, 1900 Kane St. Houston, Tx
que me olvide de ti? Como por que lo dices?
preach juice!
So I printed out all my homework but I ended up leaving it all at home.
the minutemen were the best. Nobody aged better from that ugly ugly decade
Greatest life ever? Have fun!
Crusing in the bmw just chilling
bwahaha I fear the same things, except you will be shamed on national tv. I will be shamed by a 14 yr old girl :(
Rob. Wilson.
Liked your role in Northern Expsoure.
Gospel music really does put me in a good mood. I only have one Gospel song up here though :/
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP$
Natalie Portman: you're such a hot preggo and a beautiful human being, not to mention a badass actress. You deserve it, chica!
Matt Kemp is leading the NL in home runs, Ryan Braun is now tied for second
I put scratch-and-sniff stickers all over my school supplies. It makes the day fruity fresh
State of CO launches #STD #Prevention Wahi! Check it out. www.MyLifeColorado.com
I want mango ice cream <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
like twenty minutes
Kris was just arrested downtown for operating an electric cab and accepting a tip. He has not broken any law. See his Facebook Page.
Spreading the word about the fabulous deal u r offering on planners & gift labels! Have both already and LOVE them.
Gave up notes to focus on tweets. Still hard to tweet & listen at same time. Will get the hang of it though.
Lisa Loeb's Silly Sing-Along in the DCC Theater in one hour! (Don't worry, no one will judge your singing) #alamw12,
You sounded great at Columbia, laryngitis or no. Thanks for coming.
Hi! Tried adding animated GIF as avatar, but was motionless or sluggish (only changed when scrolled over links). Why is that?
I become even more humble as I get older.
RT Aren't they great? We can't make posters (rights managed) but you can find them in The Ashington Group book!
What do you put in a www.ashing machine?Net curtains!
Do not be a tool and use exact match anchor text. Instead, use branded partial matches.
Nobody cares.
FAKE PEOPLE DON'T DESERVE RESPECT, NOR DO THEY DESERVE ANYMORE OF MY TIME, I'M DONE WITH IT,
Seriously I've discoverd it before but it's happend like twice today and I think and tweet the same things!!
When I set my mind to something i can do it. It's setting my mind to something permanent.
Welcome Home....: Finally, Ashley has come....to twitter!
off to do laundry something I haven't done in almost a week
Calling people their full name>>
Party goin down tomorrow night we need all the bosses to come thru we got Strippers, Music, & Drinks. $ 7 Entry $3 Drinks hit us up for info
YEP THE HATERS LOV ME ...I TALK SHYT - BUT IMEAN EVERY WORD I SAY - I DON'T DROP A VERSE I AIN'T LIVED _ FROM THE D' TO SKEE I GET IT IN $$
ERKED , in caps for a reason
I'll be back around 4 or 5! Who is all coming to watch the movie???
I just noticed I said driver driver instead of bus driver in one of my tweets...smh lol
Taking a picture with my friends takes forever because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted
RT : I just finished watching A Bird of the Air & I'm a little verklempt. You were awesome in it!
can we be part of those group of white kids???
don't be nervous. You and the boys will do fine! x
thanks Rev!
Me and gabbyguro gonna go shopping tomorrow.. Smh.
What are good ways to do market research ?
you da man!
New song up on my youtube channel, "Writings On the Wall"
And I will miss YOU! Maybe I will host one in NYC this weekend. Who's up for it?
MySoFlo.com " We already What?! We already what?! ... Ain't no need to play no more games... "
because it's a baseball blog -- part of the deal is, we give opinions.
Latoya Peterson a unicorn?
yeah? right on..i am ignorant to this twit stuff lol
Whoops. Shoulda waited.
great seeing you as well :) cc
Jake Arrieta has gotten the big ground out when he needs it. Has a man on first right now with Mauer at the plate. Mauer GDP first inn.
scary events are happening tomorrow. i think i'll be okay, but i'm worried.
Boot Camp Lesson #2: It hurts-using muscles I haven’t used in a while makes them sore…&…I’ll live. www.Career3D.com/Blog via
what's up how is az and your son
a very happy birthday to the gifted !
Keeping' Fontana's warm for and with whiskey.
Hey Amanda, are you in the US?
Yes for sure! I'll be at the cocktail reception, chat then?
Watching ABDC amazing so far cant wait to see the rest
I'm one lazy bitch today
Made dinner, garlic Parmesan baked Alaskan cod, roasted red potatoes & green beans in rosemary sauce and spinach.
A discotheque? That's how I like to start my days.
Tonight, I'm going to meet a famous writer whom I've never heard of.
Nice - I think I did the same thing w/ my bottle (abt 10 mns ago - still have some left). Then wiki opened the world of scotch
These twins on the Bad Girls Club are pissing me off.. they stiff body asses .. little bitches lucky I'm not on that damn show
I got Next....believe it...
aw nah you're good. I can take a joke lol
Funny fact, If you're a grown man in your 40's and you intentionally don't wear green on St. Patrick's Day, no one cares.
this“: There are 100 Senators. I have yet to hear about ONE sayingthe Senate was in recess yesterday. Where's the media ?#tcot #p2”
33. #Brewers 8 #Cubs 2 | Edwin Maysonet! / up from the minors in time / to hit first grand slam.
I love it! Feed my laziness!! :)
RT: Harry Belafonte honored by He was also featured in our "Let Your Motto Be Resistance" show:...
If you need beautiful Hawaiian tropical flowers call me 1-866-982-8322
was it?
Im gonna be on tv wassup
Second time this week to lose electricity because of a storm!
Lesson for life RT : My mom told me today that as a teacher "you don't always get 100%, but you alway give 100%" love that lady
#Brewers used just six starting pitchers in '11. Narveson's injury is serious enough they'll probably end up using more than that in '12.
Hey, Stewart, thanks for the follow! Come back to class. We've got some great new stuff going on, you'll find it very helpful.
This is cramped!!!
like play the guitar? lol I'm learning right now but I doubt I could play good enough for a cover.
Once you've gone through a bad relationship it will open your eyes to appreciate a good one.
Bout to be 21 in two weeks !
#Fridayreads enjoying novel "The Gravediggers Daughter" by #Joyce Carol Oates. Absolutely amazed at her so accurate depiction of poverty.
Hopefully next time your in town our beers will be available!
When I read on my commute, I too often dream of the deaf. Do you recommend the headphones you bought? I need a pair.
The 87th running of the Virginia Gold Cup here. I'll wear a pony tail to honor the champions!
i-i'm dylan
Thanks for retweeting our post about the importance of women's only clubs!
#FYI The first truly mobile phone that didn’t require its own case 4 transportation went on sale in 1985 strange-facts.info
Firefox survives first round of surgery: Mozilla's three months into an ambitious plan to bolt a long list of features into its brows...
What are some of your favorite smells to smell?
What time exactly, I want to get all of my bud in on this :)
« I didn't bring my fucking speech book and we get to use it on the test!!»
if angela corey is so tough on crime, why hasn't she put an arrest to mr.zimmerman??!!
Friddaaayyy hurry up. I wanna be in Texas. :))
Where there's no sense there's no feeling!
Social Media Power? Viz: firestorm over Komen Fndn's defunding of Planned Parenthood. $650k++ for PP. Huge loss for SGK - $$ AND reputation
once again, it's that time: REFORMAT XP, enter. see you back in the real world in 10ish hrs haha. for all you mac users, it's worth it, fyi.
Lmao!! ": Another comment "Gurl it ain't no good men out here!" ..Maybe we want women who use proper sentence structure.."
Anyone out there have an extra Google+ invite? I'd be super grateful!
Gov Deal: One third of Hope graduates from Georgia go on to college and need remediation.
I know right? We're getting back on the Twitter kick. Been too long.
Damn what did I do now.. stop covering
$12.00 Thursday=Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for the Arcade! Upgrade to Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5.00 more!
Did you block ??? She loves you! *Bretana*
RT She wanna fuck & I say church ( preach )
I want you so desperately.<3
not been on twitter for 2 days due to me throwing up the contense of my stomach and im getting hate for hating on a bieber hate, FUCK U.
. pr0tip: tell chick-fil-a to come to minneapolis.
Bored out of my mind in class
haha, life is harsh huh? Lol
I got the moves like jagger ;)
Or want to blog about us?
Budget Meeting: Review of Grassroots survey
We got in the studio. Can't wait to show u all what we're working on!
we are awesome. Thanks for asking. How are you? Hope your night is going wonderfully.
All you can eat and drink from 8-10 tonight at the horny goat only $10 2011 s.1street
In case you haven't checked it out, my band Piranah's website is pretty rockin'! Take a looksy.... Join our email list for free!
Lmao its funny how n***** want to de-activate ish when I ask for they password...Oh you think you smooth ctfu
Your mom is nice! my dad is clueless bout the school lol
Andrew Bogat. Wayne Simon from Kansas of Kansas
Snowball fight in LA??? That's sweet!!!! sounds like fun!
Hey dear, how are you? :)
How many times have you said I love you and not meant it?
#Masters officials say the course itself is in good shape, although several trees came down in the storm. Shouldn't affect play this week.
THANK YOU!
Omg, what a beautiful night!! He looks so good while he sleeps!!! Ah!!! I'm in love!!:)
The first recording session for #ApproachingE starts in 30 minutes
Voices of the Youth Rights Conference - Louisville Courier-Journal
Will do! Thanks for the offer! -brian
Definitely agree. I love reading the physical paper on Sunday, but during the week, getting the WSJ and others re: iPad app is gold
tell adam i said hi then
I need me a Chuck Bass. Now
Dr. Paul Sutton is taking his 100th trip with student to state prison. www.kpbs.org/news/2011/may/18/studying-school-hard-knocks/
It's almost thanksgiving and i want some effing turkey already gosh!
You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope..
shoutout to « Baeza's an inspiration to him !
that's a bit offensive ;)
"he said bitches, muhfucka lied to my face!"
How does Whitehead suggest we help children reveal something about themselves?
Going the speed limit does not qualify you for the fast lane.
Great idea by - make a potential customer questionnaire for your Facebook page - I'm going to steal this for my business!
Hell YES!! RT : Did anyone score Hotel Solamar for #SDCC? If you did, keep an eye out for a ton of celebs!
In the OLP webinar now w/Ari Kaplan on Standing Out in Stagnant Economy. Absolutely fascinating!
$10 for $20 in Old Navy merch today. I bought mine, now get yours today!
Game 5 it is
Thanks That's what I'm talking about. Real winning ballclubs don't send starters to A. In May.
Great to be in touch with you! Come aboard our platform and please keep in touch! Where are you from?
Big deal! MOST of my jerseys r "signed" - A result of Kreider drunkenly finding a Sharpie during the 09 Soccer Jersey Party
Snooze button. Best or worst invention?
Oh hello, New York.
My boss, visited a Google Data Center in Pryor, OK last week.
question. bowls so great you want to protect them? or does this make the case for the playoffs even stronger?
Awesome show tonight! with We had a blast!! Thanks guys
that's LOVE
I love chinese food <3
Murray won the game.!
Yep. Clock'n this cash..sittin on my ass.
Favorite Sendak memory is my kids reciting "And it was still hot."
#Knicks might be losing but #Linsanity is did succeed in getting my family all together on a Friday night.
Follow because he has no followers and is lonely ! :)
Exceptional Quality with Excellent Services. Please don't miss out on the special offer from Galaxy Digitizing. Check out the link. Thank…
only if he Tebowed after shaking
Even a half hour of vitamin d does a body good. :)
I've honestly grown not to care if you like me or not. Your problem not mine. Have a good day :]
of course when I find out what I'm doing
I am quite enjoying the back and forth about the
Watching videos about glass rocks in chemistry, contemplating how many fucks I give.
“: No Fernando you can't come back 0-1” ;-)
#PeopleNeedToStop saying no to drugs
I want to thank Carole for noticing that I had the incorrect date on my post yesterday. The seminar is Thursday, May 3, 2012 at the Pfister…
mom, please drive faster!! Your making me late..well not really but I like to be early. Ugh!!!!!!!
I love boyfriend baby
follow me pliz
no problem. Done. I love to hear from my fans and love to follow them
Thx for the follow! ;)
i hate when they finally have fries in the caf and there's no ketchup..
and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock, money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock
Good morning, everyone! I just woke up... Today is my first day off in a long time & I'm so excited to relax. How are you guys today? <U+2665>
I'm looking forward to being with you all!
No doubt! Gotta keep up the intensity against these guys!
Nice. Stadium looks sick, except for that carnival ride they got in center field. Have fun bro, I like stouts and porters.
Listen to amazing actress at The American Songbook Project #NameThatTune" benefit.... fb.me/UoVwhCwx
Whoa, 8000 followers? Wow...you must get so much ass all the never.
aww thanks Mel. You're AWESOME with a capital Ayyy!
If this Giants game ends within range, you guys should ask Elias the last time 7 NL games were decided by two runs or less.
hi- we got your responses but it was a little late... hope to see you back in action next week
The Cloisters is something like the forgotten treasure of the family.
#MorningMotivation - A great leader speaks little when their work is done. Lead by example.
No NBA yet. this some bulls...!
I'm wondering how many people will call in "sick" today with temps in the mid-70's?!
Right! Like NOW!!!! RT : Like fuck that tour bitch give me some good music!
#mood I am *happy*
I automatically follow back where you at #teamfollowback #teamautofollow ???? Hit that follow button and get a follower!
dont be i always try to fight the feeling but i gtg now i have some basketball to do in a bit
Think it's in everyone's best interests I stop tweeting about this game till it's over.
I wna say Happy Mother's Day to my mom my gma and my two sisters!!!
sorry I meant world. Lol.
how much?
I would DIE if you read that DM I just sent you ;)
take your feet, your grapes, and your music requests out of here.
Thanks for the RT!
That awkward moment when someone says to me they was sat in the lord ted with jay and they was both eating chickenburgers jays vegatiarin :L
notebook or no science on the loose!
A ha ha. “: If David Blaine is in the pod when it comes up, I'm gonna shit myself.”
Cheaters do win!
Twitter-fest 2010 in Puerto Rico! LifePath Breakthrough VII! Are you with me? It starts with a smile, you know...
Texting w/ while in starbucks drive thru. Going to see tonight w/ & !
Thanks to all who came to the Rubicon for Beer Week 2012 what a great time!!
Ugly end to the game, but at least we took the series.
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Who's coming in to Style Blender today? We've got LOTS of new goodies!
THE HAM-BURGLAR IS BACK!!!
WOW! M-Audio these av-40 monitor speakers sound fantastic, a very good purchase.
Comprehensive exams scheduled
Procter & Gamble&#39;s CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
If I won the lottery I'd be sure to have 'FernGully' remade into an epic reminder of Nature's Beauty- cast by you again :)
wow, my 100th tweet; what should I write; I don't want to waste it...only 140 characters, m, something important, cant' really th..damnit
U know
Are they trying to warm us up to them so we'll watch their show? NOT!
#swsummit: "Think about how to build humility into your interfaces." Great line, !
nm bored out
I am excited about the thought of AirPlay on my MacBook!
you guys are so sweet, it's ridiculous!
Please keep Jimmy Hicks aka in your prayers; he lost his mother earlier this week...services will be held on Feb 7
Thankful that 1 of our family members will be back with us on Monday. When we fall we pick ourselves up, deal with it, & move on 2 be better
#Soldiers GOD LOVES YOU. Woodsboro Baptist Church, GOD DOESN"T LOVE YOU
Thanks for the retweet, Maggie! Have a great weekend!
yup - past that season. well into season 5. now stop it with your spoilers.
I learned it from you!
problem with that would be that noone outside Bmore would understand 2/3 of it.
Starting to face the fact
School mass...
Lol. It's cute that both of #Greys Mer's parents are now on #Scandal. , I get it. Recycling's good for the environment.
Portland Elvis sighting. Same coke bottle glasses, no cardboard guitar.
Guys who text first, or text me back right away...THOSE ARE GREAT :D
Sis. Hope talking about the Pacers in her message today .. Cheering on the Pacers...
Some should lead and others should follow, but all should contribute.
Stewie is so bad on Family Guy why is he singing about a bag if weed...<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>... Lol whoop his butt....
Why is More Press following this story?? Are not people being held against will and deprived of basic life needs..
Okay, I need this.. -- Going LIVE on-air with the boys @ zenlive.tv --- Stop tweeting me and start calling in!
Tom Wells is on the road to Charlotte for the NASCAR All Star Race with Fox Sports.
pretty funny stuff Danny boy rocking the #yami pretty hard #irishturnedjew congrats btw .
I am not a CLO...yet...but I love the magazine!
Make sure you check out the 100% exhibition on view at the Carver Museum, tiny pieces for a good cause
It really is! It's all about the bread. And the chutney. I love the savory/sweet mix.
Dirty Randy was real dirty tonight.
crossing my fingers for you.
Pod on the Move Wednesdays are my favorite.
u do huh
Does CC look awesome or is Buck Showalter's fairy dust running out?
Only 4 days left! Hurry and sign up!
DC: Kudos Fenty, for being the second consecutive mayor from WARD 4 to serve exactly one term as mayor.
Back atcha! RT : Good morning to ya!
“: Every time my Italian coworker says "tumnail," I can't help but grin! ”
Great God, Wrap your arms around this world tonight! We will join in your song!
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong Get naked :D
opposites become compliments in the higher mysteries.
Porn? RT : I know what makes him smile I don't know what makes him different.
>> try St. James Church in Kilorglin, Cty. Kerry, that is where I got all my info..I think you can get it on-line now.
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
At brooks hall watching ncsu ID student merit awards! Congrats !!!!!
Drinking solo tonight what a loser
It's normal. She's depressed. When I'm depressed, I don't eat neither. But let's just hope and pray the doctors are taking care
The Oscars stage curtain should get best dressed. Do you know how flaming you have to be to make that?
Korean BBQ + Soju at San Ya on Olympic near (I think?) Normandie. Yum, yum!
Kiddo still having a rough time dealing with the reality of his disability-spent eve. talking up strengths and love of family -lots of hugs.
I will remain humble ESPECIALLY as a TV actor!
Finally got a chance to read that link and OUCH.
I'm living just fine lol
I would not have believed you without photographic evidence.
RT : MORNING my #naturalhair beauties!!! :) Rockin' a HUGE puff today
Massage therapy can help with stress, strained muscles, poor posture & damage caused by repetitive tasks.
the knicks are just trash, they can never win anything
Thanks Lilly!!
sorry about me too
Bud Light marketing strat is to show that the key to palleting their bad beer is to dilute it with good experiences.
iight I'm be at the crib Alday
So glad to see at Maddow Blog--all the old cadences are there. Now I need to get used to the new typography!
Come party wit the #sockets this Saturday @ #figure8 1$ entry all nite
Oh drama. I'm glad I don't really have except when I'm performing.
Thanks for the shout out!!
#Badgers drive back from 15 points to Step Ahead of No. 1 ranked Ohio St. in 71-67 victory at #Kohl Center. Congratulations!
Siri "is very sorry but cannot take any requests right now."
I don't know why your girl keeps texing me!!! :-0 lol
Good point!
I like them
enjoy the gig tonight...
Sextip: if something he does feels SO good, say so. And don't underestimate the power of a good, long moan.
Man this some fucked up shit
Some of the most talented people have the most inner demons... You have accomplished something amazing.
I never would guess that eating too many carbs would make me feel like I'm going to hurl. Thx free food at work today! :(
This couple is wearing the same socks.. There pink with polka dots. Um, no.
Anthony Stover "could" be the Ryan Hollins of this team.
": Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I."
hi Susan link didn't work
Him: "I only went away bc u wouldn't say u needed me." Me: "Liar, liar, pants on fire."
is thinking that, with the number of scowls in the mall, it must be "Someone Shot My Dog" day. Whoa!
#BOLOCHOS ska shop made #STRAYCATS shirts just for me! !! :')
:) you made me smile lol
"I'm 80% sure you're coming on to me right now, ok now 40%". "whatever they were doing it looked like Dad was winning" unreal
With summer fast approaching, what are some of your favorite summer jams?
lies! it would be beautiful!....maybe?
Just saw a hemi truck with a bumper sticker that said "I'll keep my guns, freedom and money. You can keep the "change"." SMH at ignorance
I hate our mom.
Have you made it to any town halls Mike has hosted? Would be a great venue to discuss. Next one is in #Wallingford on Friday.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
Damn! RG3 and Goodell had more than a bro hug going on there! lol
Happy Day After Thanksgiving! We're closed today while we recover from all the great food from yesterday. See you tomorrow!
Great Meeting with You! I love love! =)
how do u become popular on here ugh and they are not following meeeh
Morning morning morning!
you're gonna be in moline tomorrow! :D <3
The phrase "woot woot" must be eradicated from Internet vernacular.
Can you suggest any readings or resources related to the intersections of "...Art and feminism? Crafts and Librarians?"
Really craving another Lewis and Clark voyage with today.
Lamb is hounding Mack. UCONN too long for Butler
where's my RT?
was at the library the exact minute it opened today
Finished "Behind the Beautiful Forevers." Haunting...
Why do you feel message should affect image quality?
Saturday is going to get out of control #TheWedding and both in Atlanta should be interesting
My dad just told me he doesn't know who Hugh Jackman is. To twist the knife, he said, "I've never seen X-Men."
Cant stand people who pretend to like you, being fake is not a respectable quality being honest is.
so long as they don't end up with crabs...
I'm awesome, what do you expect?
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient.
What the heck are those for!? U coming into town this weekend!?!??!!?!
lady, can you introduce me to the owners of big bear? want to talk to them about biz idea. holiday drinks soon? toddles.
haha , dude, lunch soon, i will be tryna spit some song, oh and i have to go to library so i can pick up english papers.
UFC rocks all day
Hahahah that just made my day
hey Tara. Just wrote you back via DM. $135. is the correct price for BEA Bloggers. Talk soon.
Who else is headed to Philadelphia tomorrow for PLA? (besides you, )
kicks off tonight!
I Will Be At "Next Clothing Store" In Akron For Their Grand Opening And Fashion Show, FRIDAY @ 7pm. The Campaign Will Be In Full Effect Too
thanks for the
word of caution, the bell is insane right now.
#Brewers bullpen going to flight school...remote controlled airplanes seem so small in
Wenger lost the match. You will have to leave to win anything
Have a sponsorship opportunity for this Friday's SMBSD17 ... DM me to secure.
forgot to say thanks for bringing tapp to san diego for awesome event. thanks for hosting.
But ima have to come back up here and have drinks :)
Feature #17 of ebooks for libraries: patron challenging one can't wave it at library board meeting; would look silly waving Kindle around
If you are a boater, there are several mooring options in apron Springs. Come visit and enjoy!
you mustn't look, it's me <U+2665>.
thank you so much! book 3 is out March 27th, and there will be six books total. Lots of plot twists to come. : )
your're doing something on your own time? I may have a
#artpolitics directional ultrasound speakers
semantics. the best player available fills a need regardless. this is an injury league. quality depth is a need.
agree THE ONE has been stuck on repeat for me all day at work
Happy Easter everyone!
I'm not a bronco fan but tebow is clearly better than Quinn Quinn sucked bad in Cleveland
thanks for following me
Happy 4th of July! Results from the Long Beach to San Diego ride fr Sat. Ride time 6:18, 104 miles. Weather overcast, fun day in saddle
I let myself down
its true!
Thanks for the follow.. what kind of history and what sort of dogs. Really interesting blog. Makes me want all the books.
you should be the way that looks! Lmao
It May Be Twisted But The Kind Of Guys I Like Are Assholes Who Can Be Occasionally Sweet(:
I'm with my sister, her husband, and my son. Not awkward. I'll let you know if/when we make a decision.
I have an #android & now that I can get #Instagram on my phone I couldn't care less.
The horror! Lol
Going to guess he doesn't last long.
I had 16 consecutive tweets about #brewers win just now. Yep, following a lot of very cool people.
StoryopolisEntertainment is proud to bring artist John Nickle's art into theIllustratedGallery John's book Ant Bully was turned into a movie
The motivation I have for class today is unsettling.
"Freedom is just chaos, with better lighting." —Alan Dean Foster
i whip dat bitch like im chris brown
"Clarity trumps persuasion" ~Flint McGlaughlin
I took over this international website and it has a bunch of classes defined as ".cananda". Neighborly find/replace for the Canandians?
Bed too crowded :(
Finally dropped fone 1 too many times- face smashed. It's iFone 3, go get the 4s or replace face and wait for 5? can't keep using like this
The Avengers tv spot has been the best film commercial so far.
banana & rice cake, #healthylivin'
Happy Birthday
When ppl think I care . >
ATT Phone Service vs. DMV Service Desk. a battle of wits.
That's always fun...
Smh don't ever snatch some shit out my hand . Tf is wrong wit you .
Yes it can -- in fact, that remedy helped a lot earlier this week when I had a huge stress headache.
yes, because that's *exactly* what I meant.
ha fair enough. Then it really ends the 5th Sunday of Easter so 5 more weeks... You can do it.
I can't wait to release the family! Sick bands and even a hip-hop artist.
No Im not. But still. RT : u sure?
I have a pair of those shorts! Haha
I disagree with your claim on CS, but fine look at wc3 and how many original maps were still played near its end?
Wrote the best line of work-related BS ever today. Pretty sure I just leveled up.
the barrier for me isn't the smoothness or ride quality, it's battery life.
Pilot, honey… the internet is full of porn. That can't be your only source.
For the first time on an out of town trip EVER!....the Floyd bag is heavier then the "Deja" bag....#WINNING!!!!!!!!!!!
That, sir, was beautiful.
Hahahahahah :L call me.. i gotta tell u somethin :D
love your new avi. :)
I must look like Wells Fargo bc mutha fuckas always begging me for money.
Great and Michael Franti/Spearhead concert last night. About to head out to see Second City's "Barack Stars" show today. =)
#FridayReads is FOUNDING MOTHERS by Cokie Roberts for book group. More engaging than expected, but I'd rather be reading something else.
One of the best ways to study is to go out for some ice cream and then get home and fall asleep.
Come Join: Dave Barnes | Andrew Ripp | Angie Hill TONIGHT as they rock | TICKETS AVAILABLE @ THE DOOR | 7PM |
Bolt's first 100 of 2012 is tonight in Jamaica vs. 2008 silver medalist Richard Thompson, Doc Patton, Nesta Carter. I believe ~9:05pm ET.
closed his account?
Need a new partner for #beerpong this week. Anyone in the Boston area good at making, like, literally every cup, i want to recruit you.
IT IS FINALLY HERE THE END OF THE SCHOOL YEAR, COME AND PARTY WITH US FOR YOUR GRADUATION NIGHT. THIS IS AN ALL AGES EVENT, DANCING CASH CON
If the Henderson-Shogun fight was 6 rounds, somebody would have died. Incredible fight
WOLA condemns yesterday's murder of Daniel Aguirre of SINALCORTEROS in Valle del Cauca who was killed infront of his wife
I Got Up Feelin Like Its Gonna Be Alright. We Dont Know Where Were Goin And I Dont Know Where Im At. Im Kinda Thinkin I Dont Like NobodyElse
we are still going to Foundation after right?
Our rates are low and our teams are great! You need to be careful who You call to get Your move done. Choose Movers Long Island!!!
I have to come with an innovative way to make extra cash
Well except for ashton
The #Packers are good
love to see responses to "Man Up," but link is dead. :(
I can't think of something to do that would be appropriate enough for a once in a calender event #11/11/11-11:11:11
I’m excited to check out this game tonight!
Holy mackerel! Has anyone watched this show #preppers on #nationalgeo? This show is mind blowing!!
Contact Us, to have a full set of quotes emailed to you. We always try to quote three different major health insurance providers!
love it!
hey, reboot your pc into safe mode and download and install malwarebytes. It'll remove that for you with no problem.
four day you rested.
Spent so much money on gifts for the family (mainly niece & nephew) today. Have to make up for not seeing anyone in a year. Super excited.
smokin on exotic
RT : I'll show you Obama's birth certificate when you show me Sarah Palin's high school diploma.---Bill Maher
Thx to our clients on the 1 yr anniversary of the tsunami: Your business enabled us to contribute directly to relief work in Japan [cont...]
what is this? and why shbermudez?
Were any of them smoking cigarettes?
my goodness, you're right!
Ain't nobody
On this, our final day of pre production, we have to give mad props to the applications that facilitated this process.
That great! I guess we are inthe same boat then
he's going to surprise everybody and pick Kentucky
RT : Ginger helps eliminate intestinal gas and relax and soothe your intestinal tract, while boosting your immune system.
Watching some of the Criminal Minds marathon.... A day with tv time is rare :)
Website is being reconstructed but should be complete by sunday. www.ethnicworldpageant.com
You are gonna hear those three songs in a row really soon... It's 1,2,3 on the B!
I wonder how many times the prof can suck in air through his teeth in the class period.
RT- People give GMs and execs way too much credit. If given the chance, there are 1000s of fans who could do just as well.
my cat gave birth to kittens under our house. Guess who had to crawl under there and get them? Me! I felt like I should be discovery channel
Do you let your kids get in your car with dirty shoes or make them remove them first?
To the beautiful couple on this land, May your anniversary be Happy and Grand. Happy Anniversary
just remember to pack for a few days not month ;)
yes!!!!!!!! My love for you just grew
Awesome, thanks!
Come to our ALA Conference Panel on Wednesday September 21, 4:30pm in Rm P-206. Got a question? Put it in the comments on our Facebook post
Really great match. Maradona, Oasis, and all the City fans singing in celebration was quiet the sight.
Why can't I have Miley Cyrus' body?!
#happy4thofjuly Last hour, fireworks on the beach :)
site is currently down but yahoo is working on it. should be back shortly
Very nice day today. Not too hot and definitely not cold. Heading to din tai fung for brunch.
m yes!
Finally home after two great conferences: #dh11 and #joyce2011. Congratulations to both sets of organizers.
very true...
"I got pink eye in Hong Kong." -
I blame for this new waste of time, online addiction!
no matter what you do, you can't stop tomorrow from coming, and yesterday from going.
Fundamental beliefs about leadership--it is a learnable practice and all leaders have the responsibility to develop others!
Ok now I'm shleeeepy, goodnight :-)
Just saw The Raven with some Early Americanist nerds. It was every bit as terrible as we'd hoped, but significantly more gory.
Thanks you :)
Should be hearing back from the Hawaii Improv Festival (aka: Improvaganza) sometime today. Fingers crossed!
Nothing soothes being unemployed quite like frosted animal crackers.
Thanks for sharing - we can always use more publicity! *Wheels turning*
damn right lol.
ikr..happens to me RT: thing I hate about being back in school is I can't tweet as much and then I lose followers :(
There are still a few left--on the cabinet across from the water cooler. Not saying how long they'll still be around ....
Who remembers drinking water from the water hose at they grannie house?
I can't wait for tomorrow!! :D LOL
RT : Want FREE cover tonight? Let me know by 9pm and ill list U! :)
Thanks for following, Verve! If you're ever in the mood for a tune about batman or a hooker or whatever your fave nerds are here!
I can forgive you, but I will never trust you again.</3>.<
gorgeous morning fbs! go outside!
Thank you for the follow! Great 2 meet you last night!
The #YES booth is almost giving this win to #DavidPhelps. But, the #Orioles still have 9 outs left. Well, make that 8.
Welcome to the Twittersphere! Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c. :-D
HI DARLING :)
Ah, first time "ever" seemed a little odd!
This is a cool panel idea from #NSVFSummit: entrepreneurs pitch product, then an investor, educator & administrator ask ?s & give feedback.
Gogo at your awesomeness. Nice responses.
Let's buy it back and start Sports by Jonez and Brooks in the morning. Let's do it to it. Send me your resume. #jonez&brooks
Yea he is!! RT : all caught up in my #greysanatomy i cried :( #drsheperd is being a jerk to meredith!
I hate when someone I love more than anything calls me from a blocked number and then I wish I had answered...
Verified accts are a Catch 22. Verification is so u know it's REALLY them tweeting, but most verified acct's pay someone to tweet for them.
If we (LSE) aren't in a meeting, or the office-- working-- you'll most likely find us at.. PINCHE TACO!
Because uneducated people tend to vote Republican.
how many cups of coffee does it take to keep me awake today?? endless supply.. so damn tired ugh!
CEO Rick Davidson just said "Winner, winner, chicken dinner!!" Haha!!
Follow the project
yeah roast beef LMFAO
Excited to be have met the SDL Language Technology global sales team in Las Vegas. Translations & work flow with social media data.
Thanks for the RT! You going to make it to another tech startups meetup soon?
RT ready 2 start a diet/exercise regimen today. Any rec's b/t WW, Nutrisystem, Jenny Craig, Atkins?
preciate the follow mane
RT : Thanks for the follow! Are you near Beachwood? YES!! WE ARE LOCATED APPROX 25MN AWAY IN ELYRIA!!
Hey, I heard you make fun of people. What would you say to me??
good but we are going to bed now, I got my trip in the morning
i hope that kid dose not try 2 cut my hair again
Thanks for sharing!
oh ok i forgive you (;
Happy Valentine's Day !!!!
Any local comics you'd like to see at COBO? Post below (web links will help us find them) to clue us in!
my man!! Lets grab lunch with your biggest fan on day!!!
i do see my beauty, so does my bf
hells to the yea. so palatial
Balls. That is what I have to say. No, nothing practical, just balls. Okay? Alright.
Wish you were going to be there!
can we do both please
Big City. Small World.
Damm thought I was off ... I need a off day. I aint complainin when that money roll n.... I stack my money up.....
thanks all
I'll have to catch the podcast.
TODAY IS MY FOUR MONTHS WITH MY "HUSBAND"!(; LOL I love her! <3.
#Walmart names a woman as CEO of Sam's Club. Wonder if she will be paid as much as the man who held the job.
Haha, okay. I was about to say, how in the freaking world are you tweeting? But I gotcha. ;)
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Doodle jump.
So you cheat on me with you ex? And then your friend haves sex with a 17 year old girl n get her preggos?
love panties also.... feel so good and sexy now daily attire
Are the #Hawks the team to beat in the east?
IM SO HYPE FOR TO RETURN TO TWITTER! I hope he gives away prizes this season...! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5>
Off to the airport, leaving my new home already!
There's always mad traffic there. It's never a good idea
Can you send us an email to chat further? Some students may be interested. TheBizDen Thanks! Cc/
RT : "If I waited till I felt like writing, I'd never write at all." Anne Tyler (Born 1941) Pulitzer Prize-Winning Novelist
I am beyond mad right now.
Hey B! Thanks for letting me play with ya'll on Thursday! I had a blast!
nigga fuck you. You not even worth a half empty expired packet of hot sauce from popeyes
haha I mean instead of using my real last name:)
The things I learn being ' research monkey
very true! i'm probably never gonna be famous, LOL, but i'm determined to never be a snob. :)
Wild Wesley Tomorrow Night!!! Spread the word
No matter how many times you tell her you're not a nice guy she'll never believe you till you cum in her & say well it was nice knowing you.
I hate when girls don't wear belts knowin they pants gon fall, that sht sick ta me.
isn't it funny how skipping them one day makes you miserable? And, by funny I mean miserable.
Awkward lunches<<<
People in Hell want Ice Water!
I am already in part three so it should be doable. I just have so many books I want to get read before I (maybe) move to China.
:-) haha love it
Happy Mothers Day :D
On the other hand, I'm thankful to be able to get up & go. GM WORLD!
50% off on CanvasPop wont last long - just a few more hours! Get to www.crowdclick.com immediately!
Hi Eric, nice to tweet you. Unfortunately our IMDb and FB pages as well as our movie website are all works in progress.
Premierchiro1, I can't send messages to those who aren't following me. To answer your Q, both you and your father's sibs would qualify.
You're very welcome!
Anyone else suspect that "vacation" is little more than a shift to the era. #I smell a rat #
WE let the dogs out emphasis on WE!!!!!
ill buy it only if Dave Coulier is a guest collaborator
Have no food in the fridge but will have 400 dollar sneakers on
lmao i really had to laugh at that one
Three bottles of wine...
Congrats to Claude Julien for coaching his 600th NHL game tonight!
what's your number
I had a strong feeling if anyone responded to that tweet, it would be you.
I find it funny that you hated me for a year for smoking pot. Lol now your smoking weed tomarrow. HAHAAHAHAHAH. What a hypocite!
Getting off work at 3am = no life
Youre right, gotta have those #Margaritas too!! and some #Tacos!! Have a great day! :)
and i dont know why im not good at talkin to girls im just not that good at it
Yay on finishing another year! You are one of the busiest people I know & it's fun watching your adventures!
whats going on tonight..?
you're probably not gonna read this but i'd like to say I love you so much & I'm one of your biggest fans. I love you!
i loove justin
do you have a boutique n Sequim WA?
Goodnight world. :)
": I try to keep it grimey." Thinking of you.
YES!!! I love NCIS! Sounds like an awesome Saturday to me!
Yeah Renner did a very good job. Ruffalo's Banner/Hulk and Agent Coulson were my favorites!
The riddle for what a house wears - should show a picture of a skirt, not a full dress - that was a bit confusing ;-)
#MelanieAmaro America got it right!!! Spectacular superstar wins X Factor USA!!!
So we can FaceTime!
that awkward moment when you yell real loud cuz you just sat back on your balls in church.
A pie crust promise - easily made, easily broken. Thanks, Mary Poppins.
My pessimism has never failed me, but I'm sure someday it will.
Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises
Youd be amazed by what I consider my most memorable moments.
It's a big hit for the Casinos!
Ray stanz....the heart of the Ghostbusters
I believe that even asking that question is racist.
thankyou, so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Again with the four white men talking about women.
last place I worked, the only way to really work was to arrive like 7:30am. Stopped once managers started arriving early too
It was a nice pieceful evening. Now I'm angry and want to punch Helicoptor guy in the face
lucky ! its windy in philadelphia. /:
I donated to Wikipedia, now is there a way to hide Jimmy Wale's nagging face ads from my entire network?
you're so full of bullshit.
Can't wait to say I knew way back before he was famous from being on ESPN all the time
thanks for the follow back!! Sexy
No problem -- just RT'ed. Hope you guys are having fun! Good luck.
so what!
Shut your mouth.
thank you Teebaby! For being you. You are amazing in every which way imaginable :-)
Merry humpy night too all
Happy 78 birthday Gmama cause you gone but ever or gotten
All those cars are from years B.G. (Before Gasser).
Aww. Nor corny to love yer mama!
Enjoyed lunch today with a colleague I haven't seen in 10 years - much too long! Reach out to an old friend - it will warm your heart.
You know what? I don't like Peeps. There, I said it.
Good morning, Berlin. ... cool wind beginning a Saturday, but at least it is not raining (yet)
thank YOU!! aw x 1000. :) x 198531050. !!
That's an uncouth Alabaman. Charlottesville, Virginia appreciates good food!
Text " HDXL Lacuna Coil " to 31452 to vote for "Trip the Darkness" Come on coilers! There's no limit to voting!!
what's a getaway room? I think my company need one of those haha
Mark you better start practicing the three man weave...
im not a rapper
you've got the wrong Deserters, friend.
My dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
me too.. I was missing him a lot the past two days x
I want to be the gravity in your universe.
Tell me about it! I thought it was either Occupy Portland marching on the bldg or Armageddon.
...."the product is not the book, it is the consequence of the book...knowledge is a core service," ICMA's Carlee
pretty sleepy day, very tired. D:
Scared money don't make no money
Me to. I'd like to complain more on twitter but I don't want to be one of those people.
what are you seeing, I am happy to help
U gon have gud times & u gon have bad times in your life, so just take this shit 1 day at a time...
just kidding I'm getting pink next time and purple this time haha
Happy Monday! New Spring Spray Tanning Specials! 3 tans for $75!
Picking up da pup <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
KATY PERRY - CALIFORNIA GURLS featuring Chocs - musical instrument cases percussion
It got so quiet I heard the guy in front of me scratch his a....Affinity for piety, and yes, the iPhone changes poetry to piety.
Not a fan of this chilly weather. Is it OK if I'm wearing my wool hat, ?
Oh no , this girl might just get On my nerves today .
Most of the chatter on Twitter about Shibboleth involves "The West Wing"
I just saved 50% on a Kayak tour for 2 of the caves - amazing! But I won't get the deal until they sell 30 total - pls
hehe picking up your tix right now.
Did sprnetwork's very own RobertWagner () end up working as an extra on TNT's Leverage today? Stay tuned...
Merry Christmas to one and all from the Society for the College! Enjoy this musical greeting we received from W&M President Taylor...
miss ya too brother man!
Happy wedding! Cheers
Happy Mothers Day and <3
happy turckey day....hope everyone has an awesome day.......not me
To write a classic, go back in time when people didn't use words like "damn" and "horny," use those words, enjoy spot in literary pantheon.
That's great. nothing like a little family time! :)
If anyone objects to me posting facts about me,then speak now before I post more because I'm in a kind of depressed mood today
Louis Vuitton Condoms ...... "Keep ya d*ck fancy, ya dig?" should be the motto.
ur taste still lingers on my lips, like I've just placed them upon urs :')
DVD & CD Duplication & Printing on tap for today. Also mastering Jeremy's new CD "Guitar Heaven" & a 21-song 1960's compilation CD to.
Happy Valentine's Day!! What's the best gift you've ever received or given on this day??
If NYC is supposed to be so cool and progressive, then why the hell an I listening to Otherside by RHCP?
Steak n Shake time with the cymbals <3
Whew! Busy, busy. Sometimes we just need more time in the day. I think I need an assistant that knows how program in java, php, or .net. ;)
I doubt we will
a day on the life by The Beatles
Dude the sky is black <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Where ya headed?
c; you're so silly.
lol :) tell him that he can never get close to finishing the game then! MW3 is coming out in november!! He has no chance :)
I'm gonna go ahead and fully embrace this new eBay addiction.
#twittertools NearbyTweets: Launched as an early–stage beta January 20th, 2009, the Nearby Tweets project was developed by Brian Cray to ext
What im wearing>>>>
Imperial Beach Man arrested 3x in 5 days for DUI was "sober for 2 1/2 years" according to public defender. Driving isn't in his future.
Matt Bonner has been pretty quiet.
how much u charging for the mixtape host
oh cool! When is that??
Congrats to on his new job! Happy last day at work :)
everyone go follow and for me c: love you all
No problem, and the same to you.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain
I think whiskey is cool.
that was fun!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
Campbell says Kony 2012 part of disinformation campaign of US military.
- so, are you really up for the challenge of something as significant as we discussed earlier?
You made me a star!
Man, tickets for The Seven are going fast! I hope you have yours and don't forget to enjoy the other events in Savor ABQ June 3-12
How true! RT : "Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't." Erica Jong
Watching #doctorwho and having a blast.
nikki it seem like the new girl attacked you as if she was a savage couger cat lol damn we won't know until monday.
Congrats on season 5 renewal of #SouthLand!
heading to sb!
get one of the last 8 pairs of guie shoes!! #handmade and #fairtrade plus pretty pretty, flats to stand out!
IT'S MIGUEL CAIRO. Throw f'ing fastballs right down the middle.
Love Black Lab Mixes- you can never go wrong with rescuing a black lab mix, docile and sweet.
whaaa? RT : I LOVE Swedish Fish! Who's with me?
2012 Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race Participants
lol who would of thought that's when our whole saga would start
Sweet ... bring it!
I didn't know Al Pacino looked so different from when he was in Scar face.. xD
#thankateacher 30th annual CA Day of the Teachers: prosperity of our state & nation is determined by skills & abilities of next generation
Focus is determining what your current priority is and then directing all your energy to that priority. What's your focus?
Duke Blue Devils
pickup Manning in TEN on your way here
OMG new song #angel is AMAZING ! Can't wait for September 20th !
just a basic RCA cable (red and white) to male headphone jack
Double rainbow #ftw ! I love phoenix sometimes :)
Took in the Rythm of the Night at the Red Rock Resort and Casino. Very smart idea. Hope it works out this summer.
A day by the pool, a night by the TV.
How lucky we are to live in San Diego! What fun things do you have planned for the family this weekend?
amazing what happens when you get to pick the ball up early
off to WCL happy hour with , , and more!
hm looks kind of like Don Rickles to me...
there are options. Talked to retailers there who are looking to carry more lead substitutes.
That's a new one. I haven't seen a paid blog subscription before now.
City Club opening night!
looking forward to leading a CLE for new NC Bar admittees tomorrow
It's Wednesday! Which means.... Bingo at 7! Come see us:)
that sounds like a lot of hours
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
I just gave a homeless man a whole bag of family size pretzels, also a 20oz red bull. It felt good to give. Good karma?
It's a Taylor Swift kind of a day. #np "Come in With the Rain."
another day another dollar if you're ready for the weekend, let me hear ya holla!!
I'm not complaining! Ha continue as normal (:
Had an amazing time meeting my student today. Excited to explore the world of photography w/ her. Thank you for this opportunity
wearing 5” heels is a talent in and of itself!
#Blah Super Mcnasty!
Thanks for letting us old(er) guy ride with you. Perfect evening in #Carmel for the 1st
"Now I have a machine gun. Ho-Ho-Ho"
Hopefully the Colts can pick a winner. Peyton's shoes will be hard to fill.
Is the weather going to hold out in DC for Jazz in the Park this afternoon? That is the question.
and a tip of the hat to you, sir!
Hey creeper Get out of my neighborhood lol
Starting to study for my Advanced Sommelier exam with Arthur! He knows so much more than I do, so it's helping motivate me.
They say obese people are malnourished.
with an "Animal Standoff" update: While taking in the hay crop, I heard woodpeckers pounding the ash stand. Butterflies and grasshoppers?
Next Thursday, April 26! Sounds like we're in luck then and you get to join us! YAY! Look forward to toasting with you then!
I havent seen you in forever it seems
Do you have a nick name?...
well, do you have rain pants??
130th Airlift Wing, WV Air Guard has three aircraft n crews deployed in Afghanistan right now...
really, you're 12 and you make out with your boyfriend. don't text me telling me how 'amazing' you thought it was. #peoplethesedays. man!
Sometimes you need to crank up "Looking After Number One"
Thank you for following! I look forward to learning more about you.
Like what you do. If you don't like it, do something else. -Paul Harvey
Suffering from tweeter's block. I think I'll play piano now. Have a nice evening!
It's prom day and I can't even get out of bed. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
that is no fun. lol. but im just watching tv
Responded to FIRE @ 205 Clarkson Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
NewJackCity The realist hardcore movie of it's time!
Does anyone else NOT like GMail's new modern themes? No fluidity to me at all.
Russia is celebrating Victory Day today. Happy Holiday to all the veterans and citizens of the nation!
Anyone got the loins?
RT : We Able Veterans contribute and love our country. <> Yes, I know Jim. And your fellow countrymen love you.
Gates is probably guilty of even doing illegal things related to anti-trust laws. I think he's become somewhat reformed, though.
"I never wrote it."
thanks for coming out mihir
“Worrying won’t keep the bad stuff from happening
Just got feedback that the cast of #TrueBlood loves 's Urgent Repair Shampoo & that Mia and Alcide would make a cute couple.
A4: #UPS has done a fantastic integration w logistics using licensing, coaches, school #sponsorships & their #NCAA deal
the rain is only a breath of fresh air
is patient with us.
I know there are commercials being cast Dec. 19-22. Have some session runner friends staying in town for the work.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
Lmao!! That would happen to me!!
Shopping today , gotta get a new outfit for this weekend :))
boring day
we are coming to portland soon.
The Lollapalooza line up just blew my mind, chili peppers and black sabbath, are you fucking kidding me?
MWIP nice promo!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Sewing Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
i bet you kick ass at tetrisss
Goin over everything one more time then sleep
Sry I'll be on a plane and not home til late #Karaoke Wed? may have appearance by !
I just wanted to thank Michael Gilchrist and Terrence Jones and ALL THE #BBN fans that came to this weekend. IT was a blast!
. I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
Ellsbury has accounted for a third of their hits this series. Bats going missing again.
Your joke was fine,old,but fine.As far as your interpretation.Your entitled to yours,as am I.
We could either pick them up or you could drop off Let us know what works best via email:
All these "Rockstar" photographers getting backlash on their insane prices for workshops...kinda makes me giggle
Don't wait for government, force them to you. Transformative social change needs government.
I was at first then the phone froze and it won't stop now
Something about reggae music just puts me n a good mood
This is the best sports radio show on the planet! I'm hooked to 94WIP on twitter,FB,and on radio.
another couple of angelic Trayvons
next time. :) I'll do it more often for sure! It was so fun! Sorry you had to work. :(
Congratulations on your new time slot, but I'm sure gonna miss you 1-3 on WDBO. I'll try to find the TV show.
Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school. -_-
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
why not? 0_o more for me lol
Lets make those request at your local radio station for "Gettin Em" by new single
Dean Kamen describing creating robotic prosthetic arms for wounded warriors. Awesome
#100thingsIhate - winter break ending
New Hampshire and Vermont: New England's Yin and Yang. I prefer Yang. Or whichever one Vermont is.
maybe it was seeking revenge for its ancestors being kicked out during the development of the city.
Heading to 's #EatMobile? Bring a light jacket! Meteorologist says it'll be partly cloudy, temps in the 55-60s.
let's go Yanks. Gotta kick em when they're down!
Dam I gotta hear game new mix tape
Yes, thanks for a good race I'll have Another. #kentuckyderby 2 minutes of awesome.
you should be like a news reporter hahaha you're all prepared for this signing and everything !
Love this weather
Q1: Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite Gray, Ruby Red, Sapphire Blue and Spearmint
thank you :)
There's a lot of delicious Pizza in Portland but 1 standouts for me. Apizza Scholls located @ 4741 SE Hawthorne Blvd.
Fun night! We were hoping Lounge Act would win if not ourselves but I'm personally glad that a Queens band won. Congrats Beecher's Fault!
not even close! Tough day?
So excited for #WITS tonight! Last time I saw in concert was in Decorah, Iowa circa 1988-89.
its gonna be a good day. minus all the work i have to do.
Well put RT : Everyday is the best day to do something. Don't wait!
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you're John Lackey and you're cashing #RedSox paychecks.
Nail Club & Spa is offering Xtream lashes so you can have long, beautiful, yet natural looking #eyelashes 24 hours a day...
I want to be on impractical jokers.
There is no way I can put all these stories all into one video. I think I will be doing a series.
Whoa - it just hit me! Whoa.
thanks Aubrey! Love you too!
I thought I was going to be able to sleep tonight ha I was wrong
happy birthday, and 39 minutes.
great "seeing" you too!
when do they drop? What retailers gettin em?
I do!
No one told me sepia mutiny was closing shop! I know i was already emotional but i'm so sad! We don't have enough good desi blogs :(
After the War of 1812 Castle Clinton was given to the City of NY to become and open air entertainment center
Is that your alarm clock sleep late Tuesday's?
Did manage to find time to adhere to original plan, though. Laid 3 instruments and 5 vocals on a demo this afternoon in about an hour.
please hire me!!!
Judge: Sen. Menard will not testify.
ha! No...not related to the book. I coined #wikibranding back in 2007 at an Ad:Tech.
Jackson WI? Now stop dropping coins , you do not live in a 3D game!
list me
I wish to be famous but its too difficult to write a song nice
I fucking miss you.
How apropos! MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE takes us to one of 4 Chinatowns in Paris. We will have to make notes for Lily Marie...
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music..
4 weeks until -if only time would fly by. We can't wait for this inaugural convention. Bring on the geekdom.
Had such a great time with the youth group tonight - awesome bunch of kids, and they play plague like no one else. :)
Just got back from the football game and ahh it was so much fun<3 how is everyone doing? :) ~~Emily<3
You have more restraint than me sister!
We arent bitches we just dont like you so hop off of my jock and get a life and stop hatin not nice
Check UTD email and the #utdgsa FB page for a list of upcoming job talks. GREAT experience as you prepare for your own job search.
I smile.....not for any particular reason. Just because it feels good.
What are your favorite books of 2011?
thank you so much! I caught your LTL appearance recently too. Great segment on sports injuries & keeping kids safe!
Has anyone heard of the Paleo Diet? What do you think?
ill have you know my Scarface impression is flawless. Great vid!
Think he's a Mariner at midnight tonight?
Looking forward to the CEO Project this week in Chicago!
Nina, our thanks to you!
Ok, bad ideas first!
Thanks loads! This list is pure gold. :)
herb sounds great
Having fun with the kids at our first game this season. Tight one here at the Pond. Nice HR by to tie it up.
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the priviledge to be free!!- Charles Evans Hughes
So is the gf Hannah Mahoney? They have the exact same hair and cardigan... Not to mention she was in OKC the same time and now in California
While NBA video edits last MIL inbounds, which deserves probity in review of contact - SABR heads, what % of game-enders lack a clean look?
had the best day of my life with the best boyfriend in the world!!!(:
no i dont rave, but there's always a first time for everything right?! O.o
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
I'm sick of drama. It's never going to go away either. Being human sucks sometimes.
1–3 years of experience, that is.
As long as I get invited to on one of the nights.
just having a huge jam sesh
I don't know if you're a bigger quitter in real life, or animated? Help me out....
don't jinx us please
while driving down the road around 9 this evening my friend and I passed an old man in a wheelchair, just chillin' by his mailbox. AWKWARD.
love easter! cholates and money!
yep;) hey there
While we all love to be pampered, massage should also be viewed as an essential practice of health maintenance.
It's been awhile since I've felt butterflies.. It must mean something.<3
Stuff coming soon.Very excited.
same! Rock&cena match was alright just wish Cena would have won! Grrr.
Thank you for reading and paying attention. No, 'Piso Christ' is not fiction. Proof is there for both items.
CPA by day. Designing/creating jewelry nights/weekends. Am obsessed w/my new creative project. I am who I am! Don't do anything 1/2 way!
Is giving me mega preacher in his Avi! Amen Church!
Anybody want to go See battleship with me tomorrow? I hope Rihanna dies ^_^
Gonna tweet while in school(:
I dont even like clubbing no more...i stopped
Watching windows weekly #212... real fighting/argumentation going on ... Fully expect to see shout "Screw you "! :)
Jeb Bush: "I'd Consider Vice Presidency"... Not too far-fetched a choice IMO.
Poke the Bull, you get the horns! :)
#SFAD - How to you find a good #screenwriting mentor?
Best Fabric store in Boulder : probably in Colorado too!
I'll be the new GSA chief. Seriously. I know how to spend money to get the most bang out of a buck. I live in NoVA.
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Show tonight at Swayzes Venue in Kennesaw! We still have a few pre-sale tix! $12 bucks We go on at 7pm! doors open at 6 (^_^)
PUMPED for concert tonight!!! HELLO WELCOME to MY Hometown: #AtlanticCity!
RT : For those Americans watching, Gryffindor is in red; Ravenclaw is in blue.
thank u!
haha I already knew that because I just googled him haha he's older then me! By a like 3 months lol
the one you put on your twitter.... you have more than one? haha
For sure mate, send me a DM
Eh, I don't think they'll continue to play like this for long.
I'm so bored
Really wishing I could see you at ! I may pop in early...what time are you on?
yooooo met you at the meth concert been listening to your cd its hott youve got skillz
If you have a dream, a purpose, something you believe in... Chase them, and FUCK what anyone else thinks.
is it said that I forget to fastforward when watching DVR?
This fan base... some people annoy the poo outta me... but most I love to death. Seriously Arianators come up with the greatest things ever!
RT : Just arrived in Dc for #WHCC I'll be live tweeting Ursula Burns fireside chat tomorrow for the company -
Everybody look good last night !
Motion Passes unanimously
I got money, I got juice I got to the party and I got loose
sounds good
We're loving all the quotes from the #sxswedu sessions that everyone is tweeting! Keep em coming!
Don't you think it's time Congress Passed a bill to remove the"Loop-holes"the Country is Screaming for,Not Crap from Obama
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Maryland vs. North Carolina - as an alum of both institutions, I will have to cheer for...the winner!
Will Javhid best taking 10 mil instead of 13 mil like the guys picked near him got make Jerry Hughes deal harder?
made me teary :')
you got robbed but you are still so young and will win many.
she's still got a gunt
Sometimes picking the favorite is the right thing to do.
well, I'm talking about over a decade ago and my main problem was the source code became a black box other tools couldn't touch
Summer Teach Begins
"He who holds back rising anger like a rolling chariot, him I call a real driver; other people are but holding the reins”
I from Italy... I Love You!! <3 You are my hero! <3
hhhhaahaha aw sad!!!! Hahahahaha I know We will meet him someday!!!!!
I wish I was with you!! Find me tickets for some big east games!!
I am the better person and I dont have to prove it to anyone because the people who truly care see it(:
Does that mean vinny is going to be there or no?
awh thanks sweetheart :)
Here comes #Luigi to close out the show.
yep! #HarryPotterNerd s
hey! that's in chicago! we could have a t.c. meetup!
#LUXURYHOTEL VS CRUISE??
Loves the feeling of knowing where you live and laugh is really home. The air smells better in the Bluegrass.
Hi I just watched ur vid about the book, I'm lookin for a new job as I get treated like crap in my current job and just ........
“: Started the new year crying. How lovely.” cheer up, Queen C! :)
Christmas should work that way, too: "I'll take a poinsettia, incense & Silent Night. Hold 3 Kings. Gotta make 10AM presents
Music fans: who is #coachella bound? Anyone going to check out our WEA artists? Friday night the Black Keys are headlining
Thinking about creating a contest for the best Halloween costume and giving away FREE college textbooks to the winners...what do you think?
Crystal's friend since 6th grade.Tweeting 2 raise awareness for #suicide prevention walking w/ #TeamSoaringHigh TorchforTom
Football all weekend! Who you rooting for? All the action here!
if i could go to any haunted place in the world it would be bobby Mackey just to see if it as haunted as ppl say it is
wake up in the mornin', 2 hoes layin' next to me. plus an officer arrestin' me ..
#kings #flyers please please please
In other news, I hate meaningless content marketing.
Going into IKEA. If I don't make it out alive, can have all of my band shirts.
Zappos breaks Guinness World Record for the most ppl high fiving. 3,504 #CRUSHED old record of 2,176
Ladies n gentlemen, i have a hater RT : your not a thug tho your the complete opposite.
One nice thing about #Vegas is that everywhere I go I can watch a soccer match. Even on the floor at
Let your conversation be always full of grace, seasoned with salt, so that you may know how to answer everyone. Colossians 4:6
so you didn't eat that cat poop? :) if you get a few free minutes in you're very busy schedule holla at a #webdev !
thanks for the recipes; will makes something this weekend with all my beets!
She was a gorgeous Asian gal in a blue dress with matching shoes. I lost her when she ducked into the Artisan Cellar.
Everyday is a good day to train...
when are you ever?
Yo La Tango & Cash
For Customer Appreciation Weekend gt Free Locks again tonight by shooting us an email!
Teams that lack confidence always find a way to lose. I watch my Chi Bulls 2day and they miss 4 FTs in OT @ MSG. Have confidence & make em'!
Maintaining NY's Natural Elegance We Make it Shine All the Time!
yeah get it updated some where and send me the link and the art to
could've fronted zeppelin
My camera doesn't focus on the dresses very well. The purple looks blue and the red looks very shiny... silky like...
Happy Leap Day! Anyone else wish we could just leap into Spring already???
1 Cup White Vinegar to 3 Cups Water will eliminate Pet Urine Odors from your carpets!
I hate when I can't get you off my mind.
Just saw a truly barefoot runner running down the sidewalk. He looked highly cautious and a bit uncomfortable.
PS Skip won't be there.
"17 percent of homeless youth on the district’s rolls are living without a parent or guardian"
Literatechnia brand: The letters rebellion or how will survive a bookstore?
look for me in the crowd on sunday, ill be the one with the Matty Ice? Mr. Softee sign.
Cool! How many systems are you migrating, and what tools are you using? Inquiring minds want to know. ^RB
I should probably leave the building more often.
Last night! Good movie. I recommend it.
Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers
Big Love! How are you?
I mean, that is like catnip for me (like "Jericho," but with JJ Abrams), so I'll def watch it until it's proven terrible...
One month until LOST!
so excited for you! congrats!
hope you get to go!
": In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting."
Ready to start one more gig y despues a dormir
need to have a narrative and stay on topic. I think they should call it blame wall street.
Heat or thunder 2nite ??
Life for me is like brake every bone in my body then brake some more..!!!
Ronald is my hometown boy.
Don't forget to #vote Drop your #oregon #ballots by 8 today We need more #youngpeople taking advantage of their voting rights!
Realized this morning that school for me could be described as seventeen years of meetings. What a destructive thing to do to a human.
I've seen a few people I follow hacked recently...made me go check my apps/permissions. Amazing how many things I don't remember approving.
Catching one of the best shows on tv.
Wouldnt it be so cute if alexis thought it was about her.
that is terrible. So you were trying to hang it and it fell? I
Good morning Shirley I heard you announce the winner for the all expense to trip to the hoodies I've been registering
sorry we have no room ;) jk my love! what do you want to eat!?
Cheers to the freakin' weekend.
i need answers!! did jelena break up or not? if theres a video of justin "confirming" it show the link. idk what to believe anymore
SVG Visualization based on LMNL structural tagging showing poems, overlaid with semantically rich circles indicating verse structure
Received my reader's card for the today! Excited to start serious research tomorrow in that beautiful building.
I am SUPER PSYCHED about Dragon Age Redemption! I can't wait!
"Pirates are in this year!"
let's talk
always stick up your yourself
I luv Mindless Behavior!! :)
The collective genius of elite economic gurus meet here for what? To pat themselves on the back as the world kicks em in the rear ?
Watup homey. Just got the lab at the crib. Need beats
haha you have no idea! :)
wow, I didn't know this word but it makes sense once you read the definition ;-D
YOu say one thing but your twitter says another
But does it ever love you back :o/ RT : I love news.
Time to Follow.....
If x marks the spot of woman's original voice, where do we put that x on the map? I say the belly. That's where hunger starts...
Me: Are these the stairs? Random chick: *Walks away* Me: That's cool.
what are the set times for and tonight?
I am Ready to take on the day !!
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage. Now that they've got a couple of wins put together, they plan to challenge tonight's winner.
couldn't agree more! School, school, school!
RIP Adam Yauch
George is/was/still is my favorite Beatle. such a good soul, that one...
Enjoy your day of relaxation :)
Hello! Thank you so much for following back!!
I think he died it??
Why _do_ they say to "sleep like a baby"?
that's love!!!
Sometimes I wonder what life would be like if I was with her...Then I look at her man, and he be looking miserable as hell.
Maniacal laugh >:-)]
thanks so much! I've been swamped the past few weeks, but I could def use your feedback - can you DM me your email? :)
Are you living life like a rock-star?
I miss the old Austin with braces doing following sprees and did ustreams
The thirst is real!!!!!!!
I can't wait for to win lots of money in Vegas so I can join him there and we can go SWIMMING
Delicious! RT I know, right?! RT : Dirt and worms? Yum and fun!
watching you ;)
True, you'll be a great value pick. Lots of upside; a difference maker; raw talent, but student of game.
we're doing a standby list if you come at 7pm & put your name on the wait list! (most people's r getting in...)
Hi David... and you might see me in person soon too... check your email!
My corrected thesis has been accepted. I am now a master of information sciences!
love the smile- not the man ass
Today was the last day of school, aww, i'm gonna miss my bestieee..!
Authenticity x Relevance = Influence
Yall struggling like fuck in the paint with out Bosh
Live and let live
omg! Want to audit!
Thanks for the mention!
I Cried Two Times Today , Like A Weenie /:
right. wouldn't want to save a woman's life or anything. Chu amdts fail 14-21
“: I came to far, made to many changes to have my moms writing my obituary” Real Shit Bro
I thought the same. Perhaps the extra track for UK?
I am so hungry!!!<U+E404>
Site closed for repairs while Brian and I search for cream for the ass whooping Vick gave us...
hey Earnest how are you?
well part of reform is having tech enthusiasts make things less scary and possible for others. That's our responsibility.
I copied tht part from alan! Lol you shld of asked vivi.
The world got flipped upside down D:
Great season Hoosiers! You have a lot to be proud of! Now it's time for the train ride back to the hotel.
Faith is the knot at the end of your rope.
No matter what Love >
Exhibits Opening right now! Head over to DCC Hall A-B and come see the floor! Free food and the chance at prizes.
So far, $180 raised #Give2Max! Thanks everyone who has given so far!
First full day of summer and so far so good. Now, if was only here to enjoy it with me.
Why is so slow-____-
Checking out public relations opportunities in Indianapolis! Any suggestions?!
#Library advocacy day in Albany. Here we go.
RTOREWARDS helps Rent To Own companies attract and retain customers. Contact our Rent To Own Specialists today! www.clientrocket.com/rto
Nasty ass bitch go fucking kill yourself along with your disgusting son that smells like a fucking dead sheep everyone hates you both die
Gotta do my spanish homework..I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I AM DOING.
#howgreatisourgod ? Greater than great amazing, stronger than strong <3 nothing compares !
The Weekly LOVIEE should be up this afternoon. I'm behind schedule and took an extra day finishing up the Via Colori recap.
WHAT someone re-blogged a picture of me. im all like. on my dash. and BAM. there's me. I feel so special right now. okay.
Road Quote of the Day: "I am an outlaw, I was born an outlaw's son The highway is my legacy, On the highway I will run." The Eagles
With the opening of the Academy of Music on 14 street in 1854, Castle Garden was no longer needed as an entertainment center....
I hate when broads try to take pics of the real hair, so they shrug there shoulders up to make it look like that hair long...
we're going to have to make you to sign an NDA if you're going to keep giving away our product roadmap…
with you there.
3goggles! Thanks for the follow
I'd add Rocky V to that list too.
and how might one sign up for that?
They should make a #Lifetime Movie on JLo! That's a movie I would want to watch!
Newton is a beast
Run repair permissions to speed up our Mac
Excited to get my knife skillz on
Philip~ Making a wrong decision is understandable. Refusing to search continually for learning is not.
M. Cheese.
These "ugly" gifts are of God, too. We don't understand His will, so we label some things evil, only cuz they don't match our expectations.
many thanks, Meg. Was a pleasure to meet and chat with you.
how many wins are needed to take this division in your opinion? I know its early. 90?
Nice to meet you! And I promise I won't tell anyone about that tweet about your dress... ;)
Which brand did you try? I don’t drink ginger ale myself, but I usually get Canada Dry for the wife.
but I've had the opportunity to share my stuff in places, so I'm grateful.
My daddy has serious control issues and it wont get him anywhere in life!
Now that you are in Milwaukee again, want to come to again this year? June 9th.
Don't remind me -_- Umm with the payroll coming down if they let Swisher walk they aren't getting Hamilton
wouldn't it suck if u had a disease?? or something terminal??
MAKING A GIFBOOM :D
unless #TeamAlton loses they will always have a major advantage
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. ~Fredrich Nietzsche
Let me find it.
Playoff frenzy has hit LA. I myself are attending a couple of games: Game 3, on Thursday and Game 3, this Friday. Go LA!
Got my fan on that level 3.
maybe chucky will get lucky!
Waiting for my canvases to dry. Ugh.
Heads up Shoppe'ites: we will be closed at 7:30pm for a private event. Get your Sat goodies before then!
As of this afternoon, we've officially joined !
put aside others, d one who's in ques rt nw is dep min There r whole lots of issues other than politics, right?
If a hitter gets thrown out trying to stretch a single, is he considered to have reached base for the purpose of calculating OBP?
Lemieux announced his retirement in 1997 at age 32, his #66 was retired, and he was immediately inducted into the NHL Hall of Fame
Velasquez...in a decision
We're failing at this fire thing right now.
Fun in the sun today looking at realestate property
glad you'll be back on the hill soon....
MT honored 2 B speaking w/ Time 2 show the city what our youth is made of!
First day of Early Voting.... Punch #21 for Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010
My tl is too real right now.
Hanging out with librarians is always informative. I just learned about 50 Shades of Grey last night.
is the cutest.
Fresh sea bream, sea bass, fluke, cobia, amberjack, A++ sea urchin... they are all swimming in today. Happy Valentine's Day :)
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld the parent trap
Oktoberfest at Capitol City Brewing Company
All good! Thanks for the shout! RT Shoutout to my last follower, . He's a UK, Reds, and Bears fan. This may work out.
Wanna dye my hair asdfghjkl.
But as we continue to stay
RIP Adam Yauch
I understand the value of the hotel. I think we need to make more compromises like it instead of making it easier to destroy historic bldgs.
chase it with a cake #BoneLickParkMojitosDanger with and like crazy, what? tastes just like a birthday cake!
Thanks Christie! Figured I'd toss out some wisdom daily that has helped me try to be successful over the years is all!
Cassidy gone be right up the block from me like ten mins away at gasoline alley the 21st I mite just go see him...
Just saw #performchat in progress. We're talking about the link between connecting with the right people at the right time and success?
Before you start asking about free beats did you ever think about the time the producer put into the craft of making the track.
is full on tweetin right now. well done
Last Wed booked housewife/steam cleaner infomercial. Last Thur workshoped with now manager Marilyn Atlas! Great feedback!
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen You cry in a funny movie
what you got my number foo
that's super cute! But you might get hot if your hair is laying on your neck. I really like it though!
What my mom just told me <<<<<
Maybe I'm so special, that she wish she never met you, and once I give her somethin to remember, she'll forget you!
"I'm not conceited, I'm just that good" Story of my life
Jennifer Hudson was awesome. Just awesome.
Sweet. I'm a filmmaker too, so good to know! re: Neat! We do props and wardrobe, as well!
RT Lol here's my elbow. I will have a scar free elbow ** I gotta think those knees of yours are pretty banged up though!
We are new @ twitter :)
Boring but relaxing day today :) got to love these days
Fiercely independent, endlessly giving, always laughing and so over-the-top fabulous. My mom wins.
Soon as I get home I'm showering and knocking out in my bed
Are panel passes just for the indoor events? Or does it also include the LA Times Stage/other stage events? Thanks!
End of the 1st period, Oklahoma City leads the 1-0. Live from the in SATX.
Positivity goes a long way and I'm sending some right back to you and saying Thank You.
no I don't. But he's pretty cool. I like him :)
can you please follow me?? I LOVE U!!! <3
Yeah I'll have in air wifi, I can have my roommate standing by to step in and draft for me if things don't go according to plan
Why me god? Fuck me!
A really good exciting young group tonight at cafe. LUCID DREAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER
class is in process now (lunch break) - outstanding class and facilitator!
Really enjoyed it very much. Find that good theater is so inspiring.
Can I get a what what.
any ideas for a venue?
Hey Everyone Check out my new website for great sales on Avon Products at www.youravon.com/cpjimenez
It was attached to a mini speaker, so someone had to yank it off. I feel like someone saw a fun dangly thing to chew on.
pleasure meeting you! Exciting times ahead MT : As the #UniABC partnership kicks off gets a visit from !
Imma dogg and i eat that dog food...my fingers they itchin for that paper -Future
Going to the gym with my brother and then going to the Beverly Center to go eat chipotle! :D
GOOD HEATH GOOD FOOD
luke donald baby!
It's correct to say "I am good." It's the same thing as saying "Life is good."
Good morning!
And this is why I started watching The Voice. RT : Dear America, if you don't re-elect , I'm gonna lose my shit.
oh, okay
i miss football season!
You had me excited 4 a minute!
What did u guys think of the WWE Royal Rumble?
in that tiny purse Lebron carries his "clutch mojo".
I'm booked 9-6 Friday. Would you be free that evening or Saturday?
Your bowels, my bowels, everyone's bowels! Man, it's weird to keep saying bowels. Say it with me, Rhonda ... bowels.
Just watched david bowie snort a line of coke off of his thumb.
Getting ready for the show
Congratulations man:)!
Yay! is following me:)
Twitter always entertains me on the late night
hey the truck is gonna take today off I wiill b at marten luther king across from walker furniture store from11am til 2 pm stop by so I
Glad you approve! I had two tonight! RT : I'd consider it exempt. The booze mellows it out!
Hi,world
Bubba. I've got that shot.
ihatewhen you see a hot girl and she is smoking...GROSS
I exist if I'm online. Or...If I'm online, I exist?
I get an attitude when im really hungry
Oh okay..LOL....That's crazy, didn't he also baptize his father...
I bet there are many more surprises!
LOVE your blog!!!
If Josh Ledet would make a record of Otis Redding/Righteous Brothers type songs, I would buy that album in a heartbeat
"Rian your boobs are massive!" "When I told you your boobs were small I just meant in comparison to Rian's" "She makes everyone look flat!"
IMO, any bike's a good bike as long as it's ridden. But yeah, this one's super sexy.
who are you referring to...?
lets get it
I told him if I change, he won't get a penny.
Carrots for the reindeer are a very thoughtful touch. Merry Christmas!
can't believe i had forgotten how much i love Justin Timberlake.
no not really. just didnt pay too much attention to it. lol.
OKAY JOSLIN. YOU CAN HELP FAIL TOO. YA KNOW THATS COOL TOO. SAYS THE ONE WHO TELLS ME I HAVE TO BRING MY ENGLISH GRADE UP.
- Indeed I understand to whom the putz was pointed, my point was, I believed the tweet would elicit your reply
Lay down your arms.
GOP - "We're firing teachers, cops and firefighters to save money but handing Exxon subsidies to improve their billions in profits.
Division X Records would like to wish you a happy and safe New Year.
Walking Dead time!
Just when Ryan Leaf was becoming semi-likable, he decides to call Oregon St coach Mike Riley an idiot. Leaf: 14 TD's, 36 INT
dogs are soo Cool :) not just mans best friend~but~humanbeings best friend :) *dogs love girls too :)* they're smart!!!
fun time last night with Alli watching movies and going on omegle :)
Hey all you #GivetotheMAx people! I just saw a bus advertisement on my way home yesterday!
RT : Don't let your pride get in the way of you following me on twitter
Old school, we can appreciate that.
-- Ted said don't worry about the tent.
what?! Why didn't you tell me earlier, I've added Jason from Accounts Payable to my queue!
Thank you! RT : thanks!
Where is Mr. Marks with that Let's-cancel-school-tomorrow attitude when you need him??
a few people have mentioned it! I'm going to check it out.
New display for that unit runs about $75-100.. plus Labor.. , you can change screen and still profit.
I Cried When hannah montana ended.
you'll get the hang of it...but I need to talk to u! Txt me:/
Great quote!
I want to define myself, instead of having others define me
looking forward to seeing you in action next Friday in Fall River Mass !! Can't wait to see the worm !
Am attempting to use TweetDeck to manage my personal and my new account. This is a test, dudes!
I'm not sure ask mom lol
it's your birthday? wtf HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH!!!!
when you get a chance check your gmail inbox.
I'm going to my mom's house today to dig up my old photographs I took of them & all my ticket stubs. Check for them here later
Ok ppl, make me laugh RT : #DescribeYourBallsWithAMovieTitle Dumb And Dummer
Yes yes I do <3333
Told mom to hit ‘play’ to watch a video on YouTube and she proceeded to repeatedly press the play button on the laptop screen. Fail.
Thank you, and I hope you are a fan???
yikes okayy grandma
The pic in my last tweet turned out to be much creepier than I had anticipated. #ApologiesToAll - I was merely hiding from terribleness.
you again?
u love me!
Morning rise and shine
yes I want to jam! Let's get that money!! Lol
Oh, and I am aware that I'm a sarcastic prick. Just wanted to throw that out there.
Reading in the hot tub
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
Friendship is like a staircase, when you make your way to the top. Someone is waiting to push you down
GK was talking to a neighbor out a window today. World's greatest kitteh? Are there really any contenders?
America is not wearing clothes and the Emperor is watching.
I need to clean my room......But I REALLY don't wanna do all that work
Meek mill gets me so fucking hype.
Just got called a "scholar and a gentleman" by the business school deal for holding the door open
I once wrote an email on emergency evacuations and stated "ass captains" instead of "assistant captains" - went out to 100+
Austin sure would be a lot cooler if it had less longhorn fans.
Gen. Washington has given instructions to Brigadier General John Sullivan to bring his men immediately to Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Truth--->RT : Developing niche and website toughest issues in #resume writing
is such an amazing and talented performer! Definitely one of the best live shows I've been to in awhile!
my husband doesn't know how to use twitter- I am okay with that!
Mane netflix is that shit
RT Be real wit me dats all i ask
that dude was trippin.. U played good just our team defense was terrible.. Big game Wednesday
I think it kina nasty this chik ik wear these short shorts and she so fat and got stretch marks and it nasty
Another migraine so soon after this weekend's 3-day migraine is just so cruel.
Don't look at the weapon. It'll steal your heart. Don't look at the eyes. It'll steal your soul. Look past the mountain and be ready to die.
More n more nostalgia, comeback acts coming to #sxsw. Today's example, Duran Duran. Stay away! The magic of SXSW is the breaking artists.
I miss playing poker. Damn government!~>
oh hey
Happy Friday!!
“: Steve Smith couldn't have been more wide open on that 77-yard TD pass from Cam Newton. Cards defense?
S/o #soulasylumgroup & the underdogs eating all the food
Thanks for the follow! , , , and
hope u feel better baby
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Constantly blowing your nose at your desk
I like Lebron too, but stop with the Jordan comparisons man...just stop .
27NB 11 min early or 20 late. 27SB due at 1 at least 15 min late. I've given up waiting.
With this warm weather, nothing can stop the builders on our new project. Going to check out progress today. New updates coming soon!
Happy #Friday all!! Any plans for the weekend?!
2 papers down one to go...
Time to hit the sack....and then maybe go to bed lol
The whip is goin to the pain shop tomorrow
Im a singer but when I'm bored I write songs... I'll check your songs out!!
Thank you. So sad to know my cousins are among them...
idgaf!! But i love it and that is all that matters.
I'm a tweetin machine!
Looking forward to a little tonight!
Thanks for linking to our post Steven!
Deal or no Deal How Much Can Yo Win Today
one game at a time boys! Eyes on the prize
Girl I can see your holes in your teef!! #byebyetartar!
Confusing that ISTC can refer to both a Work and a part of the Work. Do I have that right?
She's so alien that she needs sperm to reproduce...they really stretched their imagination on that concept!
We need to! Haha, text me about it. :)
Wow, #opengovphl looked really fun! Any cool projects born from the #opengov hackathon?
"Fear is the only thing that can keep you from enjoying life's best moments"
Yes & thank you! “: The average American should not want an average American to be President.”
I'm actually not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking...
Groenfeldt prob. knows it's not "new," but to a certain portion of his readers, it probably is news. cc/
Wyd tonight I'm bored I need a big ass drink :-)
good ginger
What someone said about to me
That would be the best day of my life.
Drinking tea in Istanbul. U.S. in t-minus 4 days!!
that I like nutella. All of a sudden Ariana Grande comes in the room!
Dbl punch drink of the day is a pumpkin spice latte!
RT : Excel will ruin your life!
I was intrigued by #Othello. Loved the biker theme and the silent (or not so silent?) character that the bike itself played.
doing well, thanks. I'm sure my stream may be misleading. ;) You?
Huge fan of after presentation at #digiday. Best so far...
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can't go anywhere until you fix it.
Ready for a power packed evening of learning and networking with at
haha, I know!(:
. asks about Hunt's work with women promoting peace.
Brown urges Legislature to take budget matters to the voters
Yay!!!! State testing is done! Getting ready for Vegas this weekend!! Let's do this thing!! :)
makes a point, there is a conspiracy in the WWE. Someone is messing around forreal #Raw #SuperShow is finally interesting again
May have to try it --- I need another app/UI like I need a hole in my head!
Happy Monday everyone
Watching "the hand that rocks the cradle" and I must say Rebecca De Mornay plays crazy real supreme!
Thrilled to have you as a member of the family!
can't wait till summer holidays ((:
where yall at
thanks frenchy! I am coming strong!
I'd like to be everything you'd want.
Good enough to waste some time
would love to see Teen Titans team run by Beast Boy, guess I'll have to enjoy the TT Finale
#dh2010 What are these linguistic techniques that allow you to pull place names out of text?
You gon' learn today.,
welcome to the party! Pot happy hour starts in 5 min. Lol
Hawkeye from the Avengers makes me want a bow and arrow..
Gouge my eyes out dealing w/the idiots over at Peak Properties. How the hell are they in business? Rude ignorant lazy people working there.
Follow the homies
Off to the set for a feature film shoot in Malibu. The reward.
I should have smashed your little face in when I ran into you a few weeks ago
“: shark tank is the absolute best show on tv! #sharktank” Agreed!
lol so what are you gonna do?
RT : #whydoialways tweet more at night?... It's the best time
After today im gonna be on a STRICT ass diet. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
after taking about 100000 breaks, im finally done putting my clothes away
this could hurt the case for
you guys are spamming up my phone!!
RT JPEG vs TIFF: imaging expert Kenny Powers joins the debate, taking #digitalpreservation scholarship to the next lev...
I want to go and see Think like A Man tonight
RT: hope to see you tomorrow at LIVE recording will be I'm just saying we miss u ««YES
Just shoot nice old-fashioned full frame film cameras!
Tito, thanks again for taking the time to talk to me. I enjoyed our interview. Good luck with your endeavors.
hey, just like 2 say, ur awfully cute and very talented:)
My grandmother had to be taken back to the emergency room again tonight. Hope they actually figure out what's wrong this time!
Shooting for MGM Resorts today.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to tweeting with you :)
thank goodness there is not an appeal process similar to the NFL
Dear iMessage, Screw around with my texts one more time and we are done. That is all.
Yes! Tiger needs to give us more Tiger and less script.
The office is still buzzing! ": Great event @ Museum of Natural History tonight; Partnering w/ NYC Public Schools!"
: you might cause of softball tho.
Tinashe, The-Dream, Kevin Cossom, Verse Simmonds is all I've been listening to. Damn, hip-hop is sad
Ron Paul did not get where he is by bucking the system professionally. He'll play ball. He lost, after all.
why no one calls me?
and thanks for entertaining Erin tonight. She's your new BFF
no you get the yellows!
Reading some articles out of the Journal of Sports Psychology
follow back austin please
I'm not a Denver fan nor a LA fan! But its hilarious seeing my bf over here sweat!!!
I love you like crazyboy
Looking for the pic of Jack White where his anti-hipster rant (WS) is written on it. Can't remember where/who's tumblr I saw it on...help!
A8. I would actually teach normal people why they should be on Twitter. Twitter has sucked at explaining itself.
mini red velvet cupcakes = good!
I use an mp3 player because I still believe it's the right tool for the job. Just gave up on the software on it and installed Rockbox.
3 hrs at three suns now 1030-2 at the Grapevine in Lexwith my friends and Tony Cross. Come hang out and jam with us-BH
Ensign, status report!
you can find it on the bowery or you can find it at elaine's, it makes your words more flowery, it makes the sun shine, makes it rain.
how was your mothers day?
How will celebrate Independence Day in Denver?
CNN reporter humor: JM Smucker, in a Jam.
because they're intimidated by your beauty ;)
“: A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.”this is why I don't talk to niggas after 5pm
shot you a text
I don't know what happened to this Ranger team!! Does Gaborik play anymore?
lol I know but 2Pac on the radio doesn't matter what day it is
You can send it to , make sure you leave your contact info so we can tell you what you need to do after u send it.
GO #FOLLOW BEAUTIFUL N GORGEOUS FEMALE #ARTIST SINGS GOSPEL N PLAYS THE PIANO FOLLOW HER.
I am a spiritual being having a very human moment.
Art of Fielding/Harbach; Juliet, Naked/Hornby; Book Thief/Zusak; Love is a Mix Tape/Sheffield; & I 2nd 's suggestion.
Rack City Bitch. Naw I Say Stack City Bitch!
She made us drinks to drink, we drunk em, got drunk
It is a wise woman who knows when it is time to ask for help in reaching her goals.
Seeing the. Person u love with some one else ... Makes u think all the beautiful things he said were just lies ..;(
its the 9th and I already paid my rent.
Playing basketball is my life
oh snap chicken parm? I just might have to finagle my way into the DeSalvatore resort tonight for that one! :)
parents are out of town, and it's prom weekend...
baby ill do it 4 u
Big problem w #hackathon model is failure to make lasting change or produce sustainable programs.
would probably join a site named Peenterest.
I HAVE tried Miracle Whip. I don't like it. And their commercials are not likely to change my mind on that fact. Go Mayonnaise!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> we think that can be arranged.
Absolutely! RT 's #digiday presentation reminds us all that everything is better with an English accent.
oh let me rephace . Omg you are so cool for knowing 500 people. You do need to text 10000 more.
You know you're out in the middle of nowhere when you see a sign telling you to watch out for tractors... #CountryLife <3
YOU ARE AMAZING. I hope it was ripe enough.
"Two personal records! For breath holding and number of sharks shot in the frickin' face!"
Your 16's get pissed on, I Robert Kelly em- J.Swann
Love planning events? Come help us plan our big semester fundraiser! TONIGHT at 6:30!
There are so many kinds of essays – persuasive essays, opinion essays, argumentative essays…
Braun robbed of an inside the park homerun by TLR's voodoo doll.
So glad. RT Enjoyed sublime dinner at Parish 2night - duck confit (app) paired w trout and ravioli with a chaser of macaroons. YUM
Every time I mix, new truths emerge. Today it was Mike Brecker & Kenny Kirkland. Gone, but not forgotten. These cats were so fresh!
Thanks for the follow !
I don't fully trust people who don't laugh loudly. Or speak sarcasm. You two do both well.
Oh, and "online cost calculator" <U+2260> "cost transparency"; if anything, these calculators fog up the situation.
that's what my dad told back then when they saw it they were extremely scared so yea but I dont think it would be
its not benefiting anyone! They are just causing problems and cops can't do much about it since there is so many of them
Thinkin bout lockin in... 4real this time... Maybe its the weather..
omg you look GORGEOUS MEL!
Share the wealth: How are you arranging your life today to receive a flow of money?
Mane one day u gonna realized i am da best but instead ya settle for less
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
every Sunday & Wednesday! ;)
Listening to Between Shades of Gray as I clean my room + pack for June move. After 3.5 yrs on a Alex + PPYA, way too many books.
You're welcome!... and thank you! We definitely feel that there is no out-of-the-box solution for brands. Each is very unique
100 degrees, nice
Ive got the Nutella, if youve got the apples!! LOL Come on down to Tennessee! :)
I don't get it.
Night my followers an twit freaks..
i really do care about you and i want nothing more than to make this work, but i know i have a fucked up way of showing it
I'm assuming by "cattle" that you mean "The F.B.I."
When good Drake songs come on in the car and im hip hoppin' <3 (; would be proud.
you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck. And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk. By then you could be hit
Pack a Picnic: 7 DIY Projects for an Al Fresco Feast
I think your account has gone phishing. You DM'd us a suspicious link.
I love you too baby ^_^
What are you looking forward to most at the Portland Boat Show? If you're hankering to get out on the water after, check us out!
Gotta love Fish Fridays! Heading to for lunch!
#Obama on #TheView says he watches #MadMen and #Homeland on DVR & likes Guacamole & Salsa chips & French Fries. Michelle approves?
#uppers Ahkal Amar Yale Professor is PWNING this conservative with his head in the sand... WITH constitution IN HAND. YES! GO GO GO
theyre pretty cool! v.v
The new Gil Scott-Heron album is very weird, and surprisingly good
Ive left my bed one time lol
thanks buddy! I'd like to try that Triathlon at some point.
Is it fake cheese lmaoRT : Mac and cheese and peppers...
Ok..and..Ik About jamie laou and all that,But what do u mean a fish n hony bee???
dudes i cannot believe you liked my 'this is our town' video on tumblr woo
Ohh lookie, we are late for dinner again.... All because of Kelsey..Haha. At least it's not me this time. But the others are gonna kill us!!
Adding more to my portfolio
Thinking positively this morning....I mean shit can't get any worse. Morning tweeps
really wish we could make it to the hamptons style talk! looks fantastic!
great day!
If Never made ShootUsDown we wouldnt have a clue who was.
yes I have the worst case of it like not even funny...your back in school?what for?
Senate Nears Passage of Bill to Slow Postal Cuts
I hate when people don't text me back right away, I get anxious hah.
that's.. horrible.
#bestlovesong "Such Great Heights" by the Postal Service if I want to dance, "Naked as We Came" by Iron & Wine if I want to cry.
So sleepy, but I'm trying to stay awake for a little longer so I don't wake up at like 9.
I have vegetarian friends, but my views are anti-vegetarian.
My husband and I are going to a tea dance this morning. A great way to begin a Friday. Ballroom dancing is so much fun. Good exercise, too.
Damn Federer's beast!
SOME ONE give me a link to vote TEEN CHOICE AWARDS
Can you tell us about Newman's footwork?
You won't be disappointed! Mooz-Lum looks interesting. I'm going to buy the DVD and watch it at home.
Just wrote my first iOS application (under heavy guidance from the Stanford class videos, ofc), now happily messing around with it. Woo!!
LOL why not? But no all hail the things in #hashtagabuse YOU #twitterqn RT : all hail MT? you?
Picnic in some woods with friends. Love it though!
fool in the man mind he is a superstar
cool :) , because victor i'll be here next week and we can go out for do something !
Does anyone write articles for EzineArticles?
actually living in NYC now, but im here doing some shows this week. Most of the week im at the Howard Theater for its opening
I really want some chocolate and kettles slightly salted ships but to damn lazy to walk to the shop in the rain
Tough day for Manning giving his good bye talk
I'm a girl>_<
You from the country tryna act hood.. But once some hood ass peoples walk in you shut up.. You ain't hood. Sit tf down.
Red Grange
Haha, okay! Maybe call them and forewarn?
I am twelve years older than my little sister and i just discovered that her feet are exactly one inch smaller than mine.
Happy Monday to all of our followers! Hope you all enjoyed your weekend with us...back to the grind until Thursday
Out of class and omw back home already. Thank God!
Bron must have read his twitter on the TO...
Congrats...in advance. Tomrrows the big day. Make us proud :)
Whatever. I wanna get out already.
Happy Birthday ! :)
Blastoff Members, 50% Off for Mother's Day starts now - login and go here to see what you can get! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
I swear I'm going to end texting to the show... texting kills caller interaction.
spending afterschool with my familyy....getting nails done!!(: i LOVE my familyy!!!
you guys all just tweeted within 5 min of each other. #weird Thanks again!!
THE VOICE FINALE IS TONIGHT.
yes sir
Guess was doubly right about Jesus being magic ...
Brought it. I even emailed back! Just a little time left today. Who's gonna #FinishStrong w/ me?
I'm back in Cleveland?
Itz crazy how somebody can treat u so good then suddenly jus stop fukin wit chu!!!
Austin has impacted my life in so many big ways & taught me so many things. Words can't explain how much I love him.
as awesome as that was let's not forget about the UNC retard that tipped the Duke shot in
aw... :) that's awesome hehehe my cat's name is MISS LADY and she goes hiking with me too
your ad indicates only certain areas or stores. #4 an asst manager telling customers they are nuts no such thing was in the
might be...if you think an ER visit is fun...carry shoes until you get where you're going and change. I do that w/my Manolos.
We will be launching a solution for artists soon! So excited!
Where are these newsrooms full of men? I don't think I've seen one yet.
Watched 2 loons working the mouth of the Temperance River a few years ago from the beach for 45 min. No calls til they saw me
Dear , Devil you out there I told you I was gone to win mother fucker Yours truly Jesus
needing to pee but being too lazy to get up.
Finding abundance in "less" is so important, esp for/with kids. RT The Up-Side of Downsizing (esp when it involves kids)
oh no! i was wondering where you were. good luck writing about something thats
If happy ever afters did exist , I would still be holding you like this.
Shoutout to chicks who say they don't need a man.... So Eve was all good without Adam's rib, huh
Talking to you makes my day.
No GPS or Payment devices... Oh yeah, that's how we roll at Regal!
woot! Great company :)
Time is flexible, when you laugh time is short, when you wait for your love, it is centuries.
u still at Walmart
HAHAHA!! someone thinks their cool ;) lol bad boy :p that hot.. but your were so cute, i bet all the little girl were crazy
RT : RT : Q4: Where is your home running course and why/why not is it the "best" place to run?
Flying home now!! Yayy!!!
Hey, hey, Amy, yes, YES! Many thanks for the greetings on the Twitters!
The best feeling in the world? Being a Mahomie. It's unbelievable.
whenever I read a tweet, I can distinctly hear his voice in my head
Life is good :)
I agree!
A prof. told me I had beautiful writing. Quite a change from my 1st Quarter prof: "based on your writing, you should not be in grad school."
I AM SO EXCITED! It will be like xmas morning! THANK YOU!!!!!
God gives u opportunities, He gives u chances. U just have to open your eyes and realize that, and take those opportunities that He gives u.
Giraffe Humor: Q:Why don't giraffes do drugs? A:Because they're naturally high!
ahh I know!! This spring is nuts with work/travel, so I'll be the asshole who misses it. Any plans for a fall conf, tho?
Dr. Chilton moderating panel on Public Perceptions of the #Welfare System and People Who Use it at Friends Center 4pm Thursday, Feb. 23.
Are you ready for Valentine's Day tomorrow?
where we're u today??
"got tooken away" -- sensational grammar I just heard on daytime TV
Don't do it!
i will do that this week and have u help out ;)
Working late and about to watch/listen to the Flyers kick some Devils ass.
Omg, my hair looks so cute today. SO CUTE.
Triple H is the Chief Operating Officer of the WWE
Can someone please explain 'wikitude' to me???
Another coworker of mine is a woman...she defended Rush and his diatribe about the sentiment he held, not the words, about S. Fluke.
RT : Hey Baby!! What's hap'nin?? < I'm drawing up some blueprints for world domination!
Going to teach my first class ever today! Lets see how many people pay attention and aren't on their computers.
I need to put some more pics up..
Awesome thanks for subscribing.
Awesome! I'll let the rest of the conference planners know and will send you a more formal request via email.
RT : I'm so amped! Lol I love watching ballet and the costumes are sure to be ridiculous! My eyes ......
sitting at a boring sedar for Passover I'd ask that u bring Pigtail back for Phish to play. Although I like TAB version too!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 2
Yes, but is their wine any good?
I Can Still Clean Da Inside Tho Huh
Thanks for the RT, love the Bix avatar!
Crazy. I've seen a Randall in action for taps, but that sounds like a glorified French press. Still... kinda want. :)
Call them what you want but we will advance! If Stern doesn't screw us we have CP3 and we get it done.
l love you soo much you're my boy and I'm your girl! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
thank you!!
What brand is Mr. Wonderful watch?
so, I found an apt and it sounds perfect only downside... i need to be a gay male who is willing to hook up from time to time....
Okay loves. Gotta start on my homework. I'll be back later. -le kiss- :3 See you's later.
Chiiineseee food, :P
<Singing> I give you more via Lawerence Flowers and Intercession
all I ask is one thing
"An intellectual fact is not necessarily a truth" Manly P Hall; What the Ancient Wisdom Expects of Its Disciples
Yes it is. Thank you.
Having a great time@ DC Batter Up Recept. Celebrating DC HS Baseball & Softball. DC Youth Rock!
You talk shit behind peoples backs..and expect them not to get mad?! #getaclue!!
this was a great segment
Yes!!!! Nick Mara is so SEXY :D <3
Ruby, I'm sorry, but that cone on your head looks SO fucking funny...
also, you have to get back on. I started a game with you!
Fly safe, and enjoy our city!
oh, and by the way, I think you should follow me back.. You won't! I dare you!
<U+E41B> Listening To "Inside Acting" Podcast.
please try to come it'd be the best!(: x
Meet on May 12 7 pm at Catherine Parrish gym 5 Shore Acres Avenue, North Middletown, New Jersey
Coach Mike Krzyzewski has been the head coach of Duke University for 31 years, what team did Coach K lead before? Trivia at 9!
In chocolate withdrawal...
Put me in the loop!
yes! I will physically cry if we get tickets..
Chanel Platinum Egoiste is Anders Breivik's favorite eau de toilette.
You grew up good. You grew up slow. Like American honey <3
Smh I know that's not on your diet
I posted my initial thoughts to the blog.
We live in a greedy little world.
Chicago play better without Rose tho..
I remember when just hit 3,000,000 followers it's doubled+
If it ain't broke don't fix it. If it is broke prepare ur patience and strap on ur tool belt.
Hello Jill, how do I access the bad blog about me? I'm curious to see it. Stellamae
Will the coaches for the Jamestown Jimmies have more traffic than the Orediggers? I'll watch the analytics trends
I'd <3 2 embed 'shelf-end' thin clients wi touch screens & wireless for items-and get further with mobile client. Then kill OPACS!
20 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 300!!!! PLEASE FOLLOW
Just learned that ABC picked up the Dirk Derijk show "You Deserve it!" in which I played a key role in the pitch reel!
Oct 29 is our first annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Fundraiser. 8601 Sebrell Way Sac, CA 95823. $10 8pm-2am. BE THERE!!!!
50 cherry trees being planted today at Green Valley Ranch near Denver Intl Airport in ceremony w/ dignitaries & chilly gusts.
Im up good mornin
The Braddock and #Brewers divorce is a shame. A reminder that it's never just about talent.
my new second favorite number is 43
working on ways people can help. Stay tuned
I get it. But why collect followers without returning the favor. That's what #teamfollowback is about, isn't it... Honey?
Gym work out song... "Glamazon" by that's what I'm striving to be once my work out is complete "a glamazon on on on" lol
Email it to , along with any credit info you'd like to make sure we include. Thank you!!!
if you see this, can you follow me? It would make my day, no, it would make my life :)
Today I begin my new life with Jeggings
I can't believe you met John Waters! Did you see his performance?
ya, I tried to grab one at Kroger today and it was still April's.
Will I get paid????
Happy Friday!!!
Bank of America hates the Second Amendment, dumps firearms company&#39;s account
Nevermind. They fixed it.
Such an awesome way to ring in the new year last night at Bottom of the Hill with Thanks to all who came out!
Intellectual masturbaters annoy that fuck out of me. Yes...I know you can read and regurgitate. We all can assholes.
Did you know?? Philly is home to the cheesesteak, water ice, and the soft pretzel
lol i wish i coulda been there to say, "so u mad, huh?"
Watch the film, they're there. :P
How can you not fall in love with #LA!
Craig Sager asking KD all these retarded ass questions
food :P
Why did Bob from sales win Best New Artist?
RT : I still don't get what is so confusing about social media ROI. Goals. Investments. Results.
like listen Ho, you used to call me just a friend and my dicks been in your mouth don't play like that.
Y am I sitting here nibbling on some grapes, and crackers and drinking chocolate milk
Wait. Is chivalry dead?
So happy I saw you:)
RT : Want a free just-for-fun book to read this summer? Stop by SPEA BS 3025 to pick up Stephen King's "The Stand."
Well finna hit downtown chi tonight luv my city be at club eclipse wit my kickin hard get at me peeps
I've had 3 dreams where I kissed , , & and they were all awkward kisses. Am I a bad kisser?? Haha O.o
Q5. Religion can serve as a means to spirituality, and the sense of place, peace, purpose, hope from spirituality is significant
Looking for a recommendation for the best development shop for web/app combo these days. Minneapolis or LA location preferred. Please RT.
Beautiful day #Buckeyes! Join us Monday 5/9 for a talk on #globalization with guest lecture Prof, Javier Sanjines CLAS.OSU.EDU for more info
what makes me understand the paradox is his discussion on how science & the law worked to make some people seem sexually deviant
“:They should create another show them.” I said "guylove-the musical". never heard back
#wuwednesday Now Playing Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit
Still laying here thinking...
NO #OLTL ITS JUST NOT RIGHT!
RT : It's been at least 100 deg, roughly 19% of 2011 in Austin. Somehow that's more soul-crushing than saying 70 days for me.
#CountdowntoLA Those going to LA DCE June 2 please RT & let's get it trending! ONLY 17 days left till Karaoke with #Days stars!!!!!!
If says "boink" one mo time, and idk what da f**k that is I'm goin scream.
I'm an African I'm an African & I know what's happening.
scream my name scratch my back ;)
Marc is not the better player. Pau is a better scorer, shooter, passer, rebounder. C'mon now
"we put up 50 posters, most torn down" antisemites at #PSU MT : from on The Show now!
Follow me if you want to see my big boobs :P
Get $22 worth of dry cleaning from Martinizing Dry Cleaners for just $10! Head over to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
I've recvd a few sweet/fun gifts from tweeps. This wkend I sent a few. How fun! I scoff at anyone saying tweep pals aren't real. Pass it on.
Play action qb sprint is wide open
I didn't know you did lights
Q6: completely dependent on the library users and their needs.
If a boy came up to me and said: "You mean to me what Austin Mahone means to you." I would fucking marry him.
tweets it
Some great Young Alumni events coming up...Fall YA Weekend this weekend in Knox & 4 VoltoberFest beer tastings across the region in October!
I love you too. Continue to keep up the good work. I'm proud of you.
going lift trust things will get better...
yep still here! ;-)
yep it's me:). I just don't have my twitter #verified yet. I saw you play mandolin! Me too! Do u play any #bluegrass?
I had the same urge! Love that movie!
#computerFroze ... Now I gotta wait for it boot up ....
I'm sure you do
yeah, earned* 3.9 billion, not bad.
Harbaugh: Upshaw makes defense "more physical"
Everytime I listen to The Weeknd I get into my feelings.
Landed #Navy Yard. Window will open at 11:15. Its Ficelle day!!!
00032 Sun 13nov11 . Clock in 2000p . no broadcast . work on "an american storage company" piece
Will be writing through Twitter until our site is tweaked--we can't update there at the moment. . .
totally agree this stooge has proved time and again that is is so full of ignorance its stupid he gets no where fast
It's great! Staying over with us for the first time without mum at 18 months and just brilliant.
The badgers oline weighs 1600 total pounds .... that's 80 pounds more than the packers oline!
boy i have had mine for five years and it still works and it's from star city too okay yours is nice
You've always made the mistake of being yourself. ~ Eugene Ionesco
Here we go..
Hey, pay week!!! Get me a Northface fleece jacket with a hood please. Thanks
Washington just scored. This game is not even going to be close.
I'm about to throw this laptop out the freaking window! Ugh
Milk?! Don't worry about a thing. I got you
#400kMahomies ah our family is growing! I hope I get to meet all of you someday!!
Agent rejection number two... Next.
heyy sweetie! Hope you are doing great
Chilln trynaa git some More of Deez Follower and meet some new People, Mind if i Kno ya Real name Sweetie?
I think I may have found that girl who likes Set Your Goals as much as me. Hm we shall see. Stay tuned for tomorrows tweet
Attn all Ghouls and Goblins! Check out the McKinley Haunted House Fri,Oct 28 @ 6pm and visit the DWC haunted film set.
Tired bedd soon
Thanks for following!
RT : WHEEEE! RT : So excited to be going to NYC tomorrow w/ to represent...
Ppl tend to leave when shit get real
nothing is forever .......
Happy new year
why was that old broad in Terry's face??who allowed that?
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
No matter how you wrap them, the earphones are always tangled.
Deafening silence in my living room lets go
Rats. Lunch tomorrow near Local Heroes during Free Comic Book Day, then?
Got a Kindle for Christmas. Why are the covers so expensive? Anyone know where I can get an inexpensive Kindle cover?
. Trumka disagrees with the mostly Republican panel about reducing the statutory corporate tax rate.
I missed the National Oddwally day celebration at the Washington Monument. Do I need tickets for nex…
I hate my life why can't I just shut my mouth and stay quiet
Group 4 report (cont.): How to sustain coaltions. Not just create them. Stories and data that can mobilize and energize.
RT : Stop delivering designs in Photoshop. It's fantastic for lots of things, but not delivering web designs.
#bandsILove One direction.
Kindle edition is up on Amazon! Will check back on paperback!
i didnt really like the house of night...i didnt like the whole god thing about it. vampries vs. god..weird
In your opinion what is the most overrated Film?
Overcast and foggy today. Got to love how San Diego weather can flip flop so quick. May Gray sucks, bring on the sun!
Thank you for the retweet ! -Mark
Bitch weres the Crack ?!!
Memphis is gonna be live!
Who you tellin? !!
I consider myself a GA fan and I can understand the majority of criticism "The Hold Steady act" I cannot understand.
haha I'm about to go man! Tweet me sometime
any of you have a favorite or local comic book store that sports cosplay prints on their walls? i'd like to send them a print if so
lol, the press release is on my fb!
We're waiting for you.
i mean finish the quotes!
I'm guessin your not havin any fun...
More IT leadership bon mots : "The costs are always real while the benefits are theoretical." #CIO - Thanks Rob Owen
Thank you for following!
Sponsorist allows anyone to buy and sell sponsorships for events, groups, and teams, with a portion of each sale always donated to charity.
let's play with on feb 22 at Phil's
My first official day of summer is looking to be one of the most stressful days I've every experienced.
U lame lol
At 20-2-1 in their last 23, the Bruins are the Green Bay Packers of hockey.
RT for a shoutout must be following(:
killed it tonight
Even the delayed cars are smiling.
Extremely loud in the second row. A guy literally got up to move to the back.
Everything is pointing at the South Stand Supporters Group renaming to the Kettle as competition for the
used the fancy crockpot for the 1st time & made yummy veggie curry! I love it! :)
how far back???
So excited to be doing cupcakes for the Dining with Tulsa Stars event next week! #Blessed #BraanginIt ;)
Wouldn't it have been easier to not answer at all?
RT : Regis Philbin is retiring. About time. I believe he was at least 50 when Dumbledore was born...
Well at least one Manning will get a W in Lucas Oil Stadium this year.
Is there such thing as a non-pretentious, no-pressue, FUN networking event that doesn't feel like a MLM pitch meeting?
I need to visit And I need them both in my life.
Couldn't do it without the amazing signage! : Thanks for the RT of : Only a few more days! #superbowl -ing party,...
I really do hate FB I scroll like maybe five scrolls down that biatch and I have to get out of there.
pulling for the UMass alum from our days in Boston?
This menu looked delicious!
bitches want the dick just as much dudes want the pussy
picking 2nd in a draft tonight...ray rice?
Thanks to all who came out last nite to Burt's, we had a blast seeing everyone -- 'n Broken Water & were fantastic!
I hope this means you like this song, because it will be played about 20 times in the car tomorrow haha
hahaha thank you!
Good morning(?
Quaking when its bakn give a fuck bout it being hot
i'm auditioing for #LaguardiaHighSchool ! wish me luck<3
Monsters will be the death of me.
Lmaoo. ima steal him from you. is he still dating Jessica jarrell?
teachers giving up on homework >>>
You get abused long enough you start abusing shit
gee, thanks.
Needa Change my iconn , i got bored with it D:
RT : Math is just some people's thing ;) < And some people it ain't
couple days remind me monday Ill get it out
Call them people and they seem less bad.
perhaps someone on ESPN could point this out on air instead of glossing over this every game.
slackinnnn in school
“ “ #Sagittarius can not stand people who lie to their face."
Movie Renters Shy Away From Blockbuster
why was i not in it?
I already know bro
Not all riders go to the end of the line, if light rail, you'd see people using it for short trips as well.
What to do, when everyone's reaching for the gold and you want so much more...
I hope all is well and looking foreward to seeing you!
#MMPA ad sales reality check
Thanks for the retweet! You are a winner! I just need your address and I'll send the flash drive out right away!
Well Kid, Since You Called Me A " Noob " I Switched From Phone To Computer, And What You Mean ?
RT I owe everything. Everything. To my high school English teachers
RT Success for ME is CLARITY of my intention*, and reaching that intention while being true to myself. -
And, no, Amazon did NOT pay me to say that. I am just a HUGE fan and I think great businesses should be complimented.
ditto kiddo!
Go away Politifact, just go away!
Love it! Nice one. RT : To love your Tweeps is to still accept them when they spam you with Foursquare check-ins.
. lost my business forever. won't accept a mass liquor ID; if you drink you gotta drive. any ideas?
Life is full of mysteries. Like how many pieces your brain would explode into if you snorted Pop Rocks.
An epic of epic epicness.
First day on twitter, let's see how this goes!
Catching up with old friends and insane time equals the best night ever!!
Will you have a role in The Expendables 3
yea until we land somewhere. Too many unknowns right now. Ha
What an awesome concept!
A Walk to Remember.... <3
i'm mad this update has been running since 4 yesterday and still ain't done . -_-
amazing the video is just so awesome <3333
you know it! looking maybe a little #popashot at #jillians afterwards? bring your a-game!
I got so much on my chest and when the time is right I'm going to let you have it for all the past present and future shit
Thank YOU for the Monday Night Live mention!
Liquor store n HillWood Village, Nashville TN were told 2 give NO MORE discounts to Seniors or Service Men/Women? ABC-shame on u! Freedom?
Did you just watch Avengers Assemble? :]
Hi Kevin!
I swear my sister has problems. Love her to death but Im over the bs with her .
I'm headed to bed but I saw your tweet and wanted to give you some positive vibrations mama. Have a gorgeous day :) xoxo
"Quick!, take out the CREATIVE defibrillator, someone needs a quick inspirational word!"...Clear! —Delano Johnson
ugh ok after staring at them and squinting... I get it.
Ew it's fat cupcake bitch -.-t
You were there in spirit! Were your ears burning?!? , have a great weekend! Such a pleasure.
": #10ThingsAboutMyself blackout drunk is the only kind of drunk I get. #helenkellerdrunk"
good to see ya again this morning sir! I owe ya a few drinks before the end of spring man
No problem, have a great weekend!
C'mon, , why in the world would you suspend ?
how exactly does facebook connect work. lots of docs to read
aw, that's great! Hope you enjoy. I love ! How was your signing?
Outie G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.It's Problems Bitch.
we are pleased to inform you that we now accept credit cards at the box office for all TKG events with a small $1 fee!
i miss u bff
Ah! Thanks.
explains how 's purpose provides access to affordable capital -- via & expansion capital !
i'm quite lovely. I do need a job thou
wanna go to the mall?
ALWAYS! Jealous! Have fun in NYC!!
thx working to make #citizenengagement happen
I pity and hate UL, lol.
I've never been able to make a good manhattan at home though.
would you be interested in making a friendly wager?
dude hundreds of thousands of us have all those leaked documents
Merry Christmas Jake, hope you and your family have a good time. Tell everyone I said hi <r
thank you. I definetly will. Youve been really helpfull. I appreciate it :)
Just finished watching season finale of "White Chappel" on BBC America, which means no 1 knows wtf I'm talking bout. But it was very good
u should totally follow me back <3
RT : Damn my next door neighbor gone make me get drunk & force the issue this old milf gotta fat azz #OnMyMomma>>>> Lmao!!!!
What time is your art show tonight chica?
Sour cream of course...lol
Guess Who's Cummings To Dinner
you lub me.
Im not that dramatic lol but i do have my rage moments :p
At the French Institute/Alliance Française for "The Imprimerie Nationale & Book History" colloquium.
I have a feeling my kid is coming before any film festival.
Hahaha Yes it is(:
"Get out there and do what you love!"-Kara Goucher
aye my nigga, how the girls like it? LMAO!!
kobe is a fucking beast!.
What is your New Year Resolution? Better yet, HOW are you going to achieve it?! Having a plan will improve your success ten-fold!
Thanks for all of the #FF's!!!!!
Hope they "rock" the house tonight!
Great to see 's talk to end the day at #fitcto. Always fun stuff. And fire.
I am familiar with this tactic.
when I signed up I was able to choose an "online via Wimba" attendance option ...
RT : Come and see me at the #SXSW Tech Career Expo on Friday March 9th! See you there Will!
I miss you too!/: <3
Apply aloe then a long drive to wherever I wind up. Night twitter.
Still filming... Stay tuned for the "Debut" ;-)
worked on roundtable programming for years. It's a good work-out for plays, if you have stuff to look at. Hope it's awesome!
Sarah, she's not worth fighting with. She'll figure it out on herself that nobody cares if she is searching for attention.
MJWH in a second - but again not running.
yay! looks great :) thanks! - RT : Ok, check out our new Twitter avatar by Thank you Angela!
It's in the 70's at night?!...this weather is bonkers! The ants have already invaded...squish,squish..they got into my coffee flavors!
my REALLY let me down!!! A thanksgiving day loss has me in the unthinkable. LOL never thought I'd see the day.”
RT : Friday, join and other young professionals at the H-D Museum for a Lunch and Learn with Willie G. Davidson,...
"Who Do" is a great show. I love the genealogy shoes. Henry Louis Gates does one on PBS too.
I wish I wad at the beach
That's awesome!
floyd mayweather has beautiful teeth.
May you and your pets have a safe and healthy 2012! Happy (early) New Year, pet lovers.
That is acceptable. I am chomping at the bit because I have to wait 2 agonizing days to see it again with my students. - DvL
I'm so tired, But I don't want to go to sleep.
Classified friendly zombie today. 9hrs w kids 9 hrs of work and a clopen comming. Get sum.
We now have a Google Group for The Kefir Kids!
one week until premiere! can't wait
you're not the only one
my mom just called AJ her son-in-law ^.^ <3
ATTN SINGERS: I'M OFFERING 2-FOR-1 VOICE COACHING SESSIONS THIS MONTH ONLY! Email for details asap.
Check out our Facebook page for updates about the groups that will be there this Saturday: www.facebook.com/United.for.Haiti11
Total student loans in the US = ~$1 trillion. I think that makes me feel better about mine. I think.
Just don't let him bring any form of taxidermy ...I made that mistake as a child.
Keep going! haha I wonder what the record is...
I have a friend on here who needs help with getting customers to his web site and followers. Can u help him?
GiRL YOU GOT iT<U+2665>
Just heard it u killed that ho!!! :)
Hi!!! just turned 60 years old and Carol had a nice surprise party for me Hope things are well!!!
wat time did u leave
Music and Art Flourish at The Renaissance School, a Montessori School in Oakland, California
": Finna go get wasted an when I get back its on #twitterSex"<=str8 like dat huh???
If you pull a seedling from the ground slowly, you can get the entire plant, including the root.
so true! Suppose to be studying right now.. but hey.. im on twitter
#mofonesla at #CES just hanging with - love that he is a
Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat today!
im allowed to eat a grilled cheese on wheat toast if thats the only thing ill be eating today.
sure-been yrs since I've been down there:-) Don't you hate this, but would you consider here in #ABQ?
We're celebrating "Hop" being released on DVD by giving out plush bunnies @ the top of every hour from now till 8! Hop by the Easter Set!
Have a great show tonight!!!!! Can't wait until Sept 22nd!
Verizon iPhone probably not for me. I like to browse and talk at the same time, I'll switch when it comes out on their LTE network....
Kris Humpries should take Kim Kardashian to court over the 2 mill ring first sell the truth for 10 mill and use it to sue her
Yes my dream is looking bright right now at the moment.
McCain's got a pen - it's kinda old… like him and the tired old line
just got the notification literally after you sent that tweet haha
They are the generation that opposed the Vietnam War. They fought for civil rights, equal rights, and social justice.
just write on the wall.
Why Ned Baily...are we cross? If we wasn't friends,,I don't think I could bear it
haha i did ! i was lmao
Quarter systems def have their perks, but it's CONSTANT stress. Not enjoying it....
RT : RIP Georgiann Makropoulos, one of the most dedicated and beloved fans and reporters in the history of the wrestling biz
Swingers in WEHO ..great Jerk chix
#19MILLIONBELIEBERS. The family is growing (': we are the BEST fan base EVER <3
I want to see avengers :(
Here's wishing you a Good Monday. Rise and Grind!
This is love not treason!
He played more games with the A's but Reggie Jackson wore a Yankees cap in his Hall of Fame picture.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 8
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu | 9PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
This little box of OJ isn't gonna be so cute after I jab a knife into it cause there is no straw
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
haha yea buddy! Another TMoney day would be awesome!!
The gym down the street from the office just opened a rooftop pool and bar and there is wifi. Thank God for laptops!
. Scott Wittman is in the audience watching as Marc Shaiman plays piano. Love it!
haven't you ever seen a chick hold a beer in one foot before?
yea u are lol
- Thank God for Intelligent Woman like you Star - My focus is on Developing "Higher Consciousness" Media Productions!
Boxing Fight Schedule for May 1 Through May 4
Queen City brace yourself, because Size F'n Matters
(hang in there homeslice! whatever it is)
Or a show on which dumpy cis-women get fashion and makeup advice from drag queens. I'd want to be on that show.
Might make a new Twitter. Not sure yet. :/
Life's a fucking bitch.
Im in Orlando, wanted 2 come, please keep me informed 4 da next meetin. The video is lovely. Thanks 4 sharing.Stay BLESSED!
wow thats kinda in possible!! haha
yes mam. I'm dying of thirst :(
I'm about to join you in dreamland. Looks like we're about to start a new trend. Maybe #NapsInHydePark ?
go ahead and buy Blaze one while your at It haha He wants one!
Excited to go to today! Let's hope this weather cooperates!
Didn't go out to dinner. Made my own! ! So full right now.
Speak out when you see a child being abused, make the phone call. Treat children with the same respect you would any other person.
“: White ppl shole is cray! ...... Oh wait, they were white huh...?!?!”bwahahahahaha
Maybe we should ask directly. Hey , are external link interstitials all that beneficial? What are we missing?
Hey - Happy Monday - just 5 days till the weekend. Weather for your August 29th? - slightly cooler - chance of morning fog. less humid.
Don't laugh!
My peace is not dependent on my circumstances or what's going on around me. The peace I have comes from my faith in God.
Don't you just hate when you know an employee and they don't give you a discount whatsoever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
If you want change, you have to DO something different. Otherwise, you lose out by waiting for something to happen to you.
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE
Project free tv shut down!!!! I was getting into always sunny in philadelphia tho.
down down down down down down down down down down down
Enhorabuena al Rayo y al Zaragoza. Lástima por el Racing, y que le den al Sporting y al Villareal. A casa!!
Look at circles becoming full. :-)
Its so hot! Im definetly wearing a dress tomarrow!!!
- Hey man, I was awake but unmotivated. Your tweet got me out the door for a much needed run this morning. Many thanks. ;)
I need a coffee or I'm going to stab a baby.
INformation for auditions on the website #ROCKINIT contact me on the following contactments
We'll see! So excited. And sorry formatting of tweets are weird. I'm texting them
YOU LOST THREE FOLLOWER I DID TO VICTORIA
Why does the 64 bus idle outside my house (at 11pm!) when its "recovery zone" is at the end of the block? Particularly bus
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor the unexamined life
I have to wait till fall to watch the next season of walking dead.
My knee just popped O_0
Time reveals all, but mf just cant come oit with the truth sometimes. I like it straight no chaser
#2 on google for Suikoden Tiekreis Walkthrough and I don't even have it in the page title.....lordyuanshu.com is best
Oh I mean the Artaud silent movie.
Favorite part of the day my morning shit
[LIKE THIS POST] If you've found your current home through MaryOnTheSquare!
haha. nope. She's going out of town & doesn't want to leave her car at work. I hate driving at night. Haha.
Mayweather gay for fighting with leather trunks like wtf
that's boring! Yhu should want to compete! Do that another year! Competing is where it happens at!
I hope that my mom will understand that i am truly sorry
Good morning!
the "this is not a drive by" song. Is that by train? It sounded annoying, I made an assumption
Stay tuned ...Nabj-Indy will do a giveaway this evening at 9pm
Sad to see go home :(
When I die fuck it I wanna go to hell I'm a piece of shit ain't hard to fuckin tell
lovin me some Klouchebag! :) too funny!
got another good quote for you - “Success demands planning and perspective and most importantly passion.”
summer is coming, #DePaul music school students are making McGaw Hall a heaven all day and all night. Come and join us:-)
Shit is crazy gotta take the insanely retarded as it comes I guess lmao
Winner of Wal-Mart's 'American Idol'-like contest is... - CNNMoney
I had a nice time,.
I'm from Baltimore. No need to check...
o so jealous xoxoxo tan for me baby girl!
Where would you like to see us play?
I do my research....know that
Good morning! just took the stage at #CAPRSA. He's waking us all up - better than a cup of coffee any day.
Singer Songwriter Series 2nite 334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA $6 cover feat: Nicole Coogan,Kevin Sinclair,Jared Jones,Smooth Centipede & more!
Love when people try to make others jealous
^like lol. but yeah we play in a league at Setters in Beechmont on Tuesdays.
oh ya I just did!
well whenever you have the Buffalo Wings contest I want an invite! ;)
Phillies v Rangers, maybe Angels...
HaHa. Yes. The best gift ever. Shall we call them MagneticBags or RickPix??
awwh thank you! x
3 day update. Day 1 starts in 5 minutes.
Odd how many of those tweets use gay as an insult. Ignorance carries from real life to the internet, what a shocker ay
Why would you ever want to do that?
Congrats to for finding the Blu gift card! Thanks for playing, Jennifer!
RT : Tell someone you love them today
Heading back to the valley.. and I got
thank you Steven!
Networking for #edu is easy. Networking for #newmedia is full of cig smoke. BO!
read Lorrie Moore's Anagrams. She writes for writers and makes me cry/laugh at same time.
pummel my face with typed out words on AIM: afteritendszach
Only the first time or two you do it. If the bullshit continues after that, I think starting with "look assholes" is perfectly fine
#loex2012 #lightningstrikes advanced search skills and assessment are key
“: #HappyEaster Listening to you on . . & ” Same to you Jose!!
Bandage? What did you do to yourself??
We will be there!
Don Smiley, the head honcho at Summerfest, has been named by as the new chair of the Miller Park Stadium Board.
I could really go for some dick right now lol
it was the last game. And I was wore out. Lol. We need a rematch
Make over tips for North Park area Span Revival. See cover feature of Aug SD Home Garden. Great canyon side remodel.
well thank you!
My wife and I are both Cancers. And....her bday is they day after my mom's......
Prom dress shopping this week :)
omg oreos
In oratory the will must predominate. -David Hare
Done. That's my favorite work you've done. It's a first class read. Great work.
Optimism is a discipline!
I'm just sick of politics, can we just vote #now ?
. E Warrens confirmation thru the Senate???? Please!! They hated her!
It was politics, not policy
Ok enough promoting....time to go take my bath
Hm. That's a low bar. Lot of bastards in the Senate right now. But I agree he is one of them!
I'm about to type things that drive m crazy or things that I hate
I can't even tell you the number of tweets I give up one before sending because I can't condense it it 140
Everybody talks but not everybody listens
Thanks for the retweet, Christine!
Hello AZ! For all those dads out there, drop by Lovesac today for $50 off and a free Sport Utility Cover!
go go power rangers >:D
hahaha yea good call
Pack a lunch! I don't go down easy ;-)
We are looking forward to our Jan. Meeting. RT : #ambientfindability + #smartthings = YES
loved seeing u last night!
Thanks for sharing!
I FORGOT ABOUT HER
I know. :3
is pretty good.
Skate session at the school..
#HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ Tomorrow's training sessions include of
we missed you!!
when you coming back to the league big man?
Exciting things are happening at #VivreMusicale so stay tuned! for #bigannouncements!
with a smile on your face :-)
Don't forget to pick up your free copy of the 2012 Polity sociology catalogue at lunch today
"Ferdinand the Bull" b/c U are who U are & you have to remember to stop & smell flowers
Sixteen stories I'd rather burn than fall
Tkank you brother
Me too. Its been a while RT : I wanna play some Guitar Hero
Oakland pressuring here at the beginning of the third, trying to fins that important first goal.
That's great news! The Brewers Bar was the first baseball blog I ever read regularly.
misses the old #OldSpice guy, the one before Fabio.
MB were awaiting for that moment and preparing for more than 80 years. That is why they want elections in Egypt to be NOW
sex on a period.
On fucking Mars
her book idk if ur fam. know them she is the wife of Sao
Possibly to see the hats? haha RT : Interesting..“: Kentucky Derby audience was 51% female.”
I don't know where I'm standing right now, I don't know if I can trust you & I don't know if I should
Going back through all the old voicemails you've left me >>>>
RT UK to take champ trophy on tour thru out the commonwealth. knowing passion of folks, we think that is a great idea
Skype is gay.
We're taking your trivia questions on the Sporting Explore app. You'll get extra points if your question is selected!
Wanna Join the Vision team?!?!? Bartenders, waitresses, and bottle service girls send your photo and resume to
asks "What core beliefs are so central to your organization that you wld never cross them?"
The brother of the dead two year old told officials the two of them ingested gas.
Even then shows were archived but you needed Real Player or Windows Media Player. Which better, No Holds Barred or college?
Someone told me today ... Aahh this Chicago weather- it's like a woman! You never know how they're going to be the next day
was going to start from the queen's castle, but i think i'm going to start from the beginning! i hate the island tutorial level tho
May 21 is the last day to register to vote in San Diego. Please excercise your right. It's a privilege!
This better be who i think it is...
I'm already prepping for April Brew's Day this Saturday evening at the Farmer's Market. You're coming, right?
Very important to worry about what others think
Can't stop crying when I listen to #TurnToYou. sings with so much love, it's hard not to get emotional.
": New York, dinner w/Bevy, FINO group, twin, lol" < I figured that!!! I didn't see any glasses. Lol. U look Amazing!!!
News Woods's return to glory will have to wait for at least one more day Tiger Woods returned to the PGA Tour on Thursday wi
Booking our trip to Vegas for Angela's bachelorette!!
im wandering around getting free samples, hope to run into you!
Beez in the Trap.
After last night.. Im just tryin to chill today
I always hold off on tweets because I want to have something to actually say, but then I see the rambling stream of consciousness on my feed
#seniorconfessionhour I hate everyone at school
Being in a tribute band is like saying "I'd like to be a rockstar but I am lazy and lack originality, so I'll steal someone else's act"
if i get a ride, i will definitely be there any more near indy soon?
The quick answer: for very coarse hair we recom the 707 classic extensions. The 701 are very fine to men textured hair! :)
And hey, if C-3PO supports WQED FM, shouldn't you? We would love to keep bringing you great music like this. Please call 888-621-6900
Hey, those pants allow for a full range of movement.
you made it halfway through the week congratulations I'm proud of you
Thank you, Can you please help me make a list of the right people to ask? Happy Friday!
I'm glad you're doing well (sorry about the injuries). You, too. I'll be writing tonight or in the morning.
(Goodmoring) -RT: to say it back
it's all good, she wasn't the one. God has other people planned for me in life
How badly was Hernandez hurt ? Anybody know ?
Great night of music with at Waltz Astoria!!! My favorite songwriters!!!
The mcrib could help with barfing in the lavatory
Let me know If your band needs any photos or video!
Crankin' up the Chuck Berry as I prepare to hit King Sooper's. Nothing like a lil' Chuck Berry to clean yer slate and fuel ya up!
Glad we could warm you up today! :)
Why should i even waste my time responding to foolishness.
Crazy nice punt
rematch tmrw queers! time for another BALK OFF
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include self-esteem. What motivates you?
been a long day
I am quite unappeased by appeasement bars.
ok i got 6 new followers
Illinois need to drive to the hoop and keep drawing fouls!
#Clinical Analyst. #Perm spot w/ Center City Health System. #Soarian installation required. Referrals encouraged and paid!
I know:( the episode ended with him completely covered in blood from being beaten up!I was shocked when the producers came in
you luv pussy. Fantastic.
Whitney Houston was an amazing talent... R.I.P.
I think he would do very well...I wish he would run.
Stop by when? I went to bed last night because I had work this morning && now I'm just about to make it home.
When I put God first, He helps me with all my other priorities. ~ Al Hartley
Anybody goin to butter 2 nite 2vip tables drinks on us come talk we talk back
It was great to see check in last week!
If the Rays were gonna take this one it was when they had 2-0 lead. No way this lineup can produce THREE more runs (at least).
Hey awesome drawings I especially like the Spawn and Court of Owls; Talon Drawing
ok I wanted to make sure lol
Hope Your Weekend Rocks! Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tomorrow at 7 & 7:30!
I'm sorry to break this to you, but dinosaurs are cooler than you.
Happy Halloween
Wait what'd Ari do :0?
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
It is never right to do wrong. It is never wrong to do right. - Robert Flatt
Florida is the 4th LEAST peaceful state in the country. Not surprised
i love your icon :D
Just got to the Crowne Plaza Hotel & Resort gonna #ustream the hotel in couple minutes.
I'm a just put the tip in
Damn my Lakers are 0 and 2 in the series
I think the belt shirts are #beltworthy. They look good!
You volunteering to host? Also, beer?
Question of the Day: "So, who's your boyfriend?" Well if I wanted you to know I would've told you by now. Only my close friends know.
just wait til android users get the app.
It's moving time...
I caved... I'm back for a while.
No longer using an iPad; but when I briefly did, GoodReader, was (is?) the best PDF app I'd ever used on any platform.
In 2010 student loan indebtedness surpassed credit card indebtedness.
I think a session is well overdue... make it happen!
MAN I want to get laid right
Hey guess what MKE Parking Enforcement? I can park on the other side of the street again! #NoMoreWinterParkingRegulations Booya!
Cutting & pasting into #Google #translator doesn't make you #bilingual, it makes you sound dumb.
whose side are you on anyway!?
Most poorly timed lawsuit of all time?
I like using our app's built-in foursquare to know what's around wherever I go. Great way to discover new places and hidden gems!
Must have rolling bag with the full rotating wheels, best travel invention ever!
Go back to being a train wreck Britt... This new you is pretty terrible.
StumbleUpon Offers Groups & Blogs Export Options Prior to Shutdown
trust me. Me and Mad ALWAYS have a good time ;)
Was this for grad or undergrad students?
look at mine.
lol i guess and i was high
Dear people younger than me, STOP GETTING MARRIED.
#Ward5se If you want a candidate that lies about corp. bundling, has limited policy experience, and is beholden than vote
Good night world wow I wish I had a winter formal :(
Yep. Ridiculous.
Believe in
Here at the #wbagala with Go team !
I've got class at 4, but I'll think about it..
I find them attractive.
Have you ever read Assassination Vacation by Sarah Vowell? I think you'd thoroughly enjoy it.
do you keep a record? I'd like to be that kind of person.
THANK YOU!
Best wishes...
hahaha thanx!!! I just had to have the mustache :D And I don't see you as the stalker type :P you too cool!
follow back
Awww :) REST always seems to make everyone more comfortable....yuk yuk
When your watchin tv and eatin then the UNICEF commercial comes on <
I wish!
PAUSE-faith friends and family. Pastor Miles shares on Fox5 about Junior Seau at 735.
hence the need for the streetcar so less people get towed from autozone...
"Was it hard when you learned to English?" -some kid in my math class.
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
that kids smart! :P haha
should probably do something about those 103 app updates
#kcroyals beat the angels 6-3 and the galaxy got beat by 1-0. #kc made all of #la their bitches today!
Feeling good! Progress on the new me has begun!
Thanks a lot! You too! I felt like the presentation went really well.
double chocolate makes for double happiness, glad you found your baking mojo!
Deputies issue silver alert: 72-year-old DeBary man returning from Orlando in ... - Headline Surfer
what would you do if someone broke my heart ?
Trying to make some difficult decisions.
... This is wonderful! Great energy!!!
Happy Birthday, George Calrin.
thanks a million for the follow
why you take it off so quick?
So tired!!
Goal of the day: good posture at day long seminar
Note to self: attend SXSW in 2013.
cool. where is it - nyc?
it don't help that she pregnant Smh
I too wondered how jalen rose felt to have 81 dropped in his grill by kb24 LOL now I know
spend shift 4: block party capitalism, consumers focus on supporting local businesses.
I don't think any female can compare to the amazing friendship and I have <3
“: morning Dex:-)”Hello, how's it going?
“: "Boonies with my goonies" - ” "Bitties and brews, kush and Coach"
I've caught you on the radio a few times a year-never knew your name-finally found you-awesome work!
gracias Stephen “: I miss Happy mothers day!!!!”
Great keynote by Jennifer Pahkla & glad and I got here extra early for #sxbourdain session
Missiles away!!!
"Boyfriend" by Justin Bieber is pretty catchy. Hmm.
HECK YES & you're defffffffff coming with me <3 but hey what are you doing the 19 of may?
when did it get to be 11?!
Thank u god for keep me safe
Best of luck to #terrencemalick tonight at the #Oscars for
RT : A typical #Pisces characteristic is their creativity, & their ability to make something out of nothing.
Much thanks to the spicy folks for playing my tune last night!
*dinging sound* *kissing sound* *champagne pop* *champagne bubbles*
joking. Where is that sense of honor we've all come to love?
Good morning everybody. Have a good one :-D
that is a terrible comparison
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
SWAG = Saved With Amazing Grace
Just found out classroom set of Chromebooks are on their way!!!
the has awarded Ohio $161,000 so more farmers' markets can accept EBT cards
Dodged tornado bullet in NE Kansas but a steady 24 mph wind, gusting to 40+, has blown all day and continues into the night. No complaints
God is AWESOME!
I'm gong to ! So excited!
round 2 is march 18 at the landis theatre in vineland new jersey !
Missing Milwaukee
Think about all the bad bodies out there and then reconsider that last tweet LOL
Can't believe #Chargers lost this 06 Playoff game vs #Patriots. Totally outplayed em but couldn't convert on opportunites.Feel bad for them.
There are 2 types of people from my church that I don't want to see in a swimsuit: those who don't look great in a swimsuit & those who do.
Michael Douglas turns 67 today. Did you know he was the producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
E2onair Gospel Music Time. Check it out
I really wish would follow me, please!
"all the portly people, where do they all come from?"
y rnt u havin shots o tequila 4 Cinco de Mayo? Y don't u come 2 Chicago u'd look better in red njoy ur summer
pest control man actually sprayed ON the cat's food. that's why i like to be here, i want to say "just give me that and i'll do it."
* GRAND OPENING OF FLASH FRIDAYS @ ROYALE BOSTON T O N I G H T * Don't be left out...
listen, man, we were happy to have X-Men figures at all!
HAHAHAHAHA. im so embarrased, but i have to admit it was the funniest thing ever!
thank god for basketball and soccer but I do miss football foreal
Belichick Chokes on 4th Down again!
Dubois: "we (ie #Comm_College) need to step up&save the middle class we helped create"-Laware forum & Boston Foundation Report release
Can't you golf and play guitar on the iPad? Seems like an easy choice!
Wow Obama does not actually anser any questions he just tiptoes past them
IT'S NEW MENU DAY AT THE B!!!! We have Grassfed Beef, Brown Butter Rabbit and the B Veggie, and all new toppings and sauces!
Cara read me a little Faulkner last night. It started to seem very weird that he's the "kill your darlings" guy. It's all over the place.
cause you're in my brain!
Midlakes Basketball: Biggest game of the season tomorrow night.
Watching jersey shore
I would die (on TEMPLE RUN!) for you."
Airon T. Reyes~ Love cant be proven until you both die loving each other.
Have you checked out Ten Palms yet? It is 5 star trackside dining, featuring a breathtaking view of world class racing!
congratulations! Dammit, my "you don't have to read every tweet" policy failed me.
looks like no triple play tonight--service outage here in center city
well obviously thts y we gnna win the title
goat cheese kulcha? *drools*
Nicole Richie is ugly.
Getting up at six to go to a zoo in boston<<
did u get any???
Spring is coming...you should probably put down the cookies and pick up your dumbbells
Zach. Is a beast.
Lost my wallet. Proving my identity's been painful in all cases except Chase Bank, who gave me my money for an acct # and a smile. Scary.
it will be 20 yr on 4/4/2012 of being with your girl carol you saw me how to grow up into a real man i think you
My trusty #foodallergy travel snacks: dark chocolate, trail mix, peanut butter Larabars!
And I told him to kiss my ass. Later.
Is your major gift program an uninventive "Friends Circle" or have u given it a name that echoes who u r?
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Kip! I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
That moment when you remember DRAKE started playing a guy in a wheel chair on dagrassi :P before being a singer
hot then you're cold
Help im unemployed!
Guy I passed around midnight last night in Los Feliz, to his two friends: "It's like a potpourri night. Everything's on the table."
Be the first to answer this question correctly and win a oil change. Question ..what company is the world's number one tire manufacturer?
oh my god, look who took the plunge...
the only reason i can't swim is becasue im scared of water...im not weird okay? :(
I love your twitter profile pic!! :) how've you been old friend?
dude are u remember me? We play togheter on Unsilenihgt in Dallas, i am from Euoep, today i sent mail to Nanuk to u come play
back up in tha spot ! come through. ask me for address if you need..
RT I wish I hadn't agreed to going to the Tate now. I want a movie marathon with fresh popcorn & litres of diet coke :(
True dat. RT If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello. ~ Paulo Coelho
lol! He woulda been so confused! "Trevor the what? Who?!" Free advertising!! Lol
I tend to agree with Hitchens about M.T.
Be a person of impact today. Make a difference!
I can not figure out what email I used for my acct! My iPhone just keeps me logged in.. Help?!?!
Thank YOU for listening to ! We appreciate you!
At #SMWmiami and listening in to the Zen & Art of "Checking-in" panel!
whats up with the Shops at Georgetown "mall"? it's a ghost town in there.
RT : DAMN IT miss U 2 <- Awe, U R Sweet! Only 3 more days until Z-Day, then Christmas, Hong Kong, and #CES!
I think I would've liked "The Tree of Life" more if it'd had more dinosaurs. Or was perhaps all dinosaurs.
is there a place to nurse a baby in the Northborough store?
How many 13-year-olds working at foxconn did it take for Apple to sell that many iPhones last quarter?
Just got off the phone O_o I'm about to be tired as fuck tomorrow.
Sitting at the train station in a suit. I feel like an actual adult!
": To enter Heaven, God must enter you - but don't worry, God's love hasn't gotten anyone pregnant in thousands of years."
No more pain would be great!
True, true. But again - Colts lose Manning, and wheels came completely off the bus. Seems to be same as Bears situation.
I can't wait till summer! <U+E057><U+E105><U+E40A>
. I am so jealous! Really wanted to go. is one of my favorite podcasts!
Happy you all enjoyed that one, we did too
Have not tweeted in awhile
you can take the boy out of Clearwater, but...
I don't think I can do much with that one. The lady-dog was kind of uppity. I remember asking her if she was actually a cat.
thought so.
Michael is hating life since I've been making him sit here and watch it for 3 hours.
ha...perhaps...followers gain and regularly tweet to determined now .night last seminar media social a attended i #ashwednesday happy
aight..no doubt
So Sunday Funday continued.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Really not excited about studying and finishing a paper this week
Happy St. Paddy's Day!!! Enjoy being Irish for the day even if you aren't.
I agree with you completely that Palestinians have rights and lots of Israelis believe that Israel must do a better job on that.
RT : God I hope the word Twitter doesn’t end up in my obituary.
ew i hate everyone. people really piss me off. Never leaving my room!
do u have anything new. No samples though?
dwiggins: It just keeps getting better! Take a look at this, infopros: From Tech Crunch -Tweet Screencasts With Screenjelly #slail #slak ...
they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team
I'm about to drink a LOT of terrible coffee
great day for the phillies today, it's 105, no excuse for the padres if they don't wear the camaflauge, i can never spell camouflage right
Happy Monday!! Have an excellent week full of creativity and inspiration!
looking up!
": the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose? But the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow & Tim w a bad ankle & mem was a true 8?"
Hey Sam, just noticed your new handle, congrats on the gig with baseball prospectus! Hope all is well.
That's easy to remember! I will definitely look them up! Thanks for the heads up hun!
She Gone End Up Gettin Her Ass Beat
--> what??? Sleeping in ur car? I'll share my big ass bed with u :)
Back in Chicago. no more abuse of coffee and pomme frites.
that's BS. Fenway is historic, not trashy!
You sicken me
“: #tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song”woops! Brian. What was I thinking !
"have you seen a Bassoon? That thing is sexy" -Ray Noon
Join my team! www.tinyurl.com/2011WisconsinChallengeWalk
Clever!Sean Duffy distracts from salary-related shennanigans by signing on2 PittsLetsWomenDie Act. Psbl to alienate entire district in 1 wk?
Fast pace. Like to have many conversations at once.
sex makes you crazy when you have me in it, wanna see?
True RT : . over 90% of tech articles are just press releases / marketing / link bait- startup market deserves some real journalism
I was named Jocelyn when I was born to nickname me Jolly; no one liked it so @ 3 mons changed my name to Nora!!!
You never mess with a bros ex girlfriend. EVER. That's
I hate to tell you this, but once you follow me on Twitter, you're not allowed to unfollow me! Unless you're a spammer, then by all means..
oh we have our share of NIMBYS too
Very possible.
Can I help you find your home you want to buy, or see.
Y'ALL, OMG LETS GET THE KARDASHIANS AND JENNERS TO TELL ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Political tweets get u unfollowed. Miss me with that
Just got a call In the storms will be sent out to secular clubs per request of a guy in NJ who saw Godz Messenger I A P
It's Never too early to begin preparations for the holidays RT I ordered a giant oven today. Giant.
Not a bad tweet to read when you scroll to the top and have no context.
You are quite welcome! : )
I'm limiting myself to 30 tweets per day, which will start today. 29 more to go.
The Coastal Survey at War: NOAA&#39;s Charting a Perfect Union | To ...
In the spirit of celebrating things extremely late like little brother, I plan on having Christmas dinner tonight!
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
RT : New study: Best evidence yet that all infants should be screened for congenital heart defects using pulse-ox...
Thanks , I rocked it. :D
i know skateboarding is a mind thing bcuz i jus saw a nigga do a grind dwn a handrail and tre flip with his hands it was fuckin art
Tyler Posey I love you with all my heart,can you answer at least once,or follow Please!!!;)
Home in my own bed and cant get to sleep. Didn't sleep well at the hotel in Chicago either. Good thing this is a short work week.
: Crazy thing is...a friend I hadn't seen in 18 yrs asked if I had one. I LOL'd.
I'll be over there all the time since 1201s is officially closed
Suburbs is great for just about any task in life.
Watching The Curious Case Of Benjamin Buttons(:
No wait, I can believe that from him.
Michael, thanks for adding our story to your "Twitter Daily Journal" Have a great week!
Day #2 of the eBook sale for #Nook and #Kindle! Alan's best #thrillers for $1.99 and his new Karen Vail short: Fatal Twist!
Isn't that ironic..
: Bawww. Wait. So you're saying that it's not dumb to equate Chief Wahoo with Notre Dame's Fighting Irish logo?
I really love dirt sundaes
Kotchman has a damn fine glove at 1st base!
It's a beautiful morning at the St. Philips farmers market!
are you in the living room?
Any one watch "our america" on OWN with lisa ling? Most beautiful news/documentary photojournalism I've ever seen. stories are amazing too.
#SinonimosDePuta Los Raiders
holy crap
C'mon; how much trouble can you get into at Whole Foods? On second thought: never mind....
sometimes I wonder why I drink so much beer, then I pull my dick out from my Brita filter and realize I am hammered
S/o to my boys and for reviving billy a d bringing him back to life for the week
drop it like it's hott
I am feeling #frisky today.
things are going to heat up again tonight with dj moma at citrine nyc....
I'm pretty sure I didn't
Truth! RT : #Sagittarius walks away from stupid drama but loves drama when they're bored!
He has been oddly quiet. What gives? I hope he is okay??
Good luck today steps towards your dream!
What's happening to my family?
The text I just got from #oomf made me LOL!
Agreed, same here. I assume my parents views but don't inquire much into them. I would like to see age requirements change..
RT this & will donate $1 per tweet to today!
WIN. But enough #BUCN for the day,
Its colder than a witches titi on a brass bra today..... bur
When I say I don't give a fuck , I mean it.
Oh, great....lol
And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it
what up peeps? Ready for the NFL draft Thursday? Can't wait to see who gets RG3. Gonna be killer!!!
A: There's a shortage of mental health pros in the military. Often a chaplain is sent in. "Which is great if you're religious"
Anyone for Sushi? That is a bronze trophy.
silence is the most powerful cry.
On the way to the MPR studio, pointed out to me a building he re-designed. I'm pretty sure he knows how business works.
follow me
Glad you enjoyed today!! Let's get all your friends to follow RT and Follow!!!!
Callback for a SAG project today!
Check your emails from colleges!
great talking to you im going to go finish studying bye talk to you tomorrow
Take Notes
Feels like I have fallen off the social networking planet lately. Hello everyone!
Thanks for the follow, all the best to ya .
what it do baby girl!
hahaha I wish! :D
Thank you for the mention!
LOUIE O!
Just remembered my dream! In it I remembered that I'd been wanting & needing to buy a hotgluegun & so I bought one! ADD don't stop me now!
kids, kids. To quote Rodney King, "can't we just get along?"
Wait the Apartment Therapy blogs finally made topical RSS feeds? YAY! Now I can subscribe w/o getting bombarded!
Always walk in constant forgiveness. Dont give others power over your thoughts! Besides u yourself probably need forgiveness right now.
that's the homie .. Why?
well technically tweeted at me, but we are the same person so it doesn't matter!! #GampoForLife!
And Anthony is just not gonna include me. *long sigh*
Ready to perform at the White House Easter Egg Roll this Monday?
didn't go to school today
u talk to the wrong people lol
Holy schnikes! is following me?? Thank you, VC, I am more than honored!!!
Excitement for Clio's pre-alpha demos is palpable. I could post screen shots, but it might max out your daily allowance of awesome.
An IT manager asked if we should have shorter timeouts for our "mobile apps". My question is what's a mobile device? Any thoughts?
HA! that does sound way more appealing.
Looking for a good downtown Phoenix restaurant that takes reservations and is easily accessible for my Gramma - ideas?
THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY!!
+1> MT : We need a good #TopBlogueras Flash Mob for #LetsMove! Perhaps w/a little help from ? :)
It was great ... thanks for asking. I will let you know when we play
finally beautiful days in new york. but still the same shit......
if a girl hit you wit the "call me maybe" #nowyouknowitsreal (y)
to what show?
Famn I love hoarders
Thinking 8 entangled waveforms running parallel
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
Sounds like a brilliant idea - what works for you? I have a call at 930 am until 10 am we can meet any other time
The key to sucess isnt always happiness because what if your succesfull but not happy? Think about it
First start of the year in the circle for Coates. Alyssa DiMartino (8-16, 4.26 ERA) gets the start for Liberty.
I eat Mozzarella today. Period ; )
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
Dont fucking throw my dog? Who the fuck are you bitch. He lives here.
this feels like single release weather what do you guys think?
nothing tonight. we're working on it. i will tweet and will tweet when it's up
Best supporting actress goes to Octavia Spencer - again what a shock
We need the Mets to get us back on track
Just received my second bootleg from . Maybe third times a charm?
Students have been asking for books that teach them how to speak languages like Greek, German and Spanish. Any suggestions?
yea man. I just want all of this nonsense to be over. I can't take these speeches inundated with misinformation.
Good night!! Early day tomorrow...:) be blessed!!
Sunny D is so good.
8 months of Tuesday night vollyball ends tonight. Getting to the Owl <11? Dinner dates? No way! (Oh crap, softball goes till August. Doh!)
it's true
Liberty Park is still ours despite mass arrests @
The newest episode of ' #99percentinvisible is especially interesting for those with a connection to
Where's Gabi? We need her too.
because the institution of marriage is such a sham. Im just gonna go ahead and marry a bag of weed.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
real talk lol
Keg of Full House ale going on @ Vintage tonight...Malt House next week.
Many ppl will fb friend u/twitter follow u bc they THINK u r or will be great/imp-genuine ppl do so bc they KNOW u r great/imp
: Hey! I moved in September. How have you been?
Feel better soon! We miss you!
Is everyone ready for the Sherman Oaks FM today at 3pm? :D We've got a bunch of great vendors lined up! See you @ 3!
shoot me something good doggy!
RT : #sschat We would love to have a section where teachers talk about adapting our lessons --> That would be so helpful!
#favmoviequote 'Christ in a cartoon' Con Air/Nicholas Cage
Jeopardy video game for prizes on the big screen right now!
because she wasn't a regular cast mate that's why and she only made guest appearances
final drafts coming in from devil in civil war. They re all poole this and poole that!
Idea for vegetarian main dish has begun forming. Something with udon noodles...
So inspired by the amazing talent and hard work I witnessed tonight at AFI's Thesis Showcase at the Director's Guild of America.
Pets with flat faces,like Pugs and Persian cats,can't pant as efficiently.Keep your pet cool in air-conditioned areas to prevent heat stroke
M what is that sweet succulent smell wafting down the Avenue? OH it's rabbit fresh from the oven at the B, come try it 2day!
Lmaoooo look at all the spanish ppl mad
Enjoying some ice cream from the local shop in a homemade waffle bowl.
hey with 165k followers, you might want to turn off location-aware tweets. These are VERY ACCURATE.
has the best followers and fans they always show so much love
Feels like thursday
Haha broke a Frisbee #LikeABoss with , antonio,jacob, and Danny!
That sounds AWESOME! I miss
One without the threat of Monkey Pox!
Sippin on a nice bollini yum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
at least i can still talk on the phone :/ i need a phone that i can see the screen!!
i'll be waiting
awe Hugs.. it sucks to go through that.
Either he filled the bottle with another liquid, or some dude out my window is drinking straight up Sriracha
-- I LOVE this idea!! re: "sharing sessions" after conferences
ok Thank-you. I told Jason and he is satisfied with that
dad pulled me over :/
the flyaway. Why didn't I think of that?!
Happy birthday to a wonderful and and friend Hope you have a wonderful day
Alright. Gotta go to sleep. School tomorrow (: goodnight loves!
Thanks Amber!! Yes, definitely! RT : Congrats on a very successful #riseaustin12! I hope you're resting today :)
My kids rock at cleaning!
#RIPKeKePalmer Now yall know she probably ain't no where near dead.I might be wrong though.
Ty my love RT : how can people be so cruel I mean have some respect! Your a better person than them by far!
Times for food! Dewies in cinci baby.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Details coming soon.
quit drinking then you won't lol
I wish someone would kiss me under the mistletoe.
#growatombstonemustache Can't...I'll have to borrow your Dads... no homo
New conference table is in! We moved it ourselves which proved to be a bigger challenge than we had predicted. ;-)
so sweet. Thanks Carly.
Walk The Moon!
or another anytweet anynotice anything in re mumford and sons or iron and wine...god, the inanity.
Wow, it looks gorgeous!
Heading to Brooklyn Teen Monologue competition! Make me tear up kids!
girl, you better win some money then! Psh
The multi-talented wins the Triple Crown tonight for covering news (tornado), weather (cut-in), and sports (anchoring).
best form of facial hair for Vegas?
#90slifelifelesson sometimes things aren't as bad as they seem. They turn out worse. lol :-)
Holy crap! It's hard to take a dashboard off!
Very interesting. I also think energy of good conductor somehow magically helps musicians. Inexplicable connection.
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today. So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
Missing an All American Rejects concert... to go to Disneyworld. If I complain I sound like a spoiled brat... Sigh.
A couple of weeks ago it was hot as hell! Now we got a storm! Cali, what's goin on?
Relationships come & go , but I'm looking for that relationship that will come & stay <U+2665>
my Salsa radio show! Go Giants all the way bro!!!
#AtABlackChurch there is always this one woman that competes with the 1st lady in dressing
tru.... so where yall located, not an address, just a location.. im in kentcuky
RT : Thanks, we're excited as well!
haha me 2! btw i got my check for that book
To the lovely Irene, Please don't beat us to a pulp. We just had an earthquake, and I'm a touch hungover. Sincerely, The East Coast
have you gone to the Woodman exhibition yet? I really want to go, care to join me and get tea later? xx
haha, I`m from Tumblr so I saw it a few days ago. It is very great. did a great job on it.
lol well then there you go
You can only understand my pain when you go through it yourself until then, you have no idea
i really hope my mom come home with a new car !! im not feeling this carless-ness, 3 days has been too long -_- lol.
Heyy (: thanks for following! Let's not be strangers :3
What's up w/ old white evol biologists these days? Wow, giving evol thinking a bad name.
Yeah I've just replied. Man first Sam Riley now Benedict! I wish I lived in NYC!
she talk so much...
Shower flow
free things for PC's. But PC's gave me so much trouble -_-
I'm finding it hard to concentrate... Is this another chocolate withdrawal? :)
I'm refusing to read the "pink slime" articles.
Safe travels to all those driving to today for the State Conference. We're excited to see you!
bro u get tatted the other day?
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary
What was the last thing you read?
Great! Thank you for your support and enjoy your Visa Gift Card!
i love taking massive shits
“: Penguins cannot walk backwards. They are too top heavy and would just fall down.”
Ship tour aboard the Carnival Ecstasy, Port Canaveral, Fl
Rain in the city + this humidity = -_-
I'm thinking of trimming my bangs but they look so amazing right now .
Best Internet cafes in the church market/mission area?
Brewers are kickin ass!!!
I just want to go home and sleep. Life is being a brat today.
Managing an amateur #baseball team is 1% managing a team, and 99% building a team.
happy birthday!
Forgive & forget
cool thanks
Not sure, but probably on their jobs website!
From Ducks radio: Question for Oregon coach Chip Kelly, "What's the depth chart for sideline card holder?"
What a great weekend in NY at the #cmaconference - inspiring music & new friends. Looking forward to next year already.
ugh...just got home
The foolishness right now on my TL....smh
Dignity will never be 'awarded' to the poor in America, and 'opportunity' has always been a lie.
Goodnight! Let's all try and make a positive impact on everyone we encounter the next 24 hours.. Either a friendly smile or support!
“All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.”
Fill your lungs with smoke for the last time.
least you know what to stay away from miss Shelly. Now you can focus on the real deal :D
when the fat ugly duckling becomes the HOLY SHIT HOT skinny swan
Badgers fighting back against MSU
"I'm in a fight with the world, but I'm winning".
US Olympic Team aren't the only Americans going to London. is coming to Kingsington High St. I hope my All Access works overseas!
“: Do let life turn into something your not”
clearwater is poppin right now
So damn bored ;x
Yes - he's some terrible Asian dictator, who I think is notorious for sodomizing people.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
Busy day at the #Atlanta #fhexpo! I was swamped at the Family Tree DNA booth and my presentation had a standing-room-only crowd!
Cheeseburger in paradise! (yeah, we're mixing)
Victory Against Chevron! Chevron was ordered to pay approx. 8 bn in environmental damage for contaminating the Amazon forest. Great News!
lol the studio not that bad jess i seen worst dude lol
Reality is that some people are selfish and self centered. The good news is I can concentrate on the positive and remove the negative!
Currently reading Eight Men Out detailing the1919 White Sox throwing the world series
Good afternoon, is everyone enjoying their day today?
is it possible to meet u? i'd love to <21
Thank You Joan!
hahha I know I'm just venting a Lil you gay check out my mitts <U+270A>
Man that thing in them jeans to fat for it ;)
I'm studying UDC schema change, also wondering if your Universalism as Utopia diss. is online yet? I'm fascinated by Otlet.
thanks to for having me on the air this morning! i only get up at 4:30 a.m. for you! :)
and more than Florida, Florida st, and Texas.
new Asphyx: nice, straightforward, no nonsense. Deathhammer is a throwback. a lot of bands do this now...
haha cool!(: I'v seen that one before, but I'll go watch it again to see if I can find you!<U+30C4>
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Trivia day: On April 7, 1988, Reprise Records released Wonderful. What was Rick’s original title for the album?
shut up
You have always been a hard worker! I don't know anyone who works as hard as you do.
you r so lucky u got to talk to him i wish i could that would be a dream come true <3 I luv ur backround by the way so cute!!
Such is masochism: in the hospital on a liquid diet waiting for the pain meds to kick in and watching
just bought one.
Beginning to understand Java geometry library JTS - somewhere James Gosling says in a deep voice, "The transformation is complete."
hmm i wonder if ever got a kink in his neck from flipping his hair all the time....HM
My day is almost over thank God.
lol love it!
thank you! Haha :)
I guess I gotta clear shit up???
Thanks! I did! Was on Sat weather was perfect!! : Lucky Lady have fun :)
I read this yesterday. It appears his mom/wife helped him w/the kidnappings/murders? What's relationship w/missing ppl & Mayes?
thank you :)
nice. Pretty good spring for your teams!
What's Denver?
Tony Dyer lol :)
I can host. Need to clear it first with my C.O.
is SPECULATING that a 1 yr deal for Prince. I know the #Brewers are way over budget, but 4 1 last shot, wouldn't it be worth it
you should have Bing'd it. Just joking. No one uses Bing!
sounds like a good night!
why you have picture of wolf lol
agreed but let us not attack one another here. Civil dialogue and discourse needed.
Watching Superbad! Dis sh*t is funny as hell!
Note to self: bring food with me on days where classes run from 12-9pm! any tips for food on the go?! :)
Steps to save the world: 1. Create a document 2. Save said document as "The World" 3....
actually I think they gave him the key to Prestige, TN too!
i just like spammed for facebook, sry
On My Way To School. :-)
Three baserunning outs today.
I'm gonna buy this dude some charmin to celebrate our first song together on
well I'm sorry
Tell New Orleans that I miss her.
"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows Me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." -John 8:12
Greek yogurt, organic peanut butter and jelly sandwich and 16 oz of water....YUMMY lunch!
Netanyahu for president! ;)
Ah *jealous* Bwahahahaha
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God. Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in. He's a sneaky bastard.
yep...we have a similar schedule but school year is over June 5, summer school starts June 25. Enjoy your last week!
Two more consults and booking into 2013! Awesome!
Arrrrrrrrrrgh. Goodwin drops a gift-wrapped TD. Kinda needed that one, dude.
Seeing and today is goin to be an emotional experience. i cant wait. <3
haha you knew he would! (:
Made it to Syracuse in one piece with Had an amazing realization that I'm quite the bumble thanks to her.
Thank God I won't be having any next quartet..!
I think standardized tests should end. We need to think of new ways help our kids get the learnin' they need yall
Designing 3 Trinket boxes with a vintage "Doris Day",Pirate themed and Tinker Bell inspired!
any up coming projects
I really think that you are amazing and you know what you're doing! I like your way iof thinking
What happened, is it still summer? Where's the sun?
Can we market...the academic "minor"... #dtl2011 #dietribes #
I like this game! I would walk backwards to Milwaukee and sleep on gravel to do another !
yeah well, I'm in trouble so I won't be there for awhile:P
quit lien bruh (: you know you don drunk something .
"The Pinky Swear Bitches ARE BACK! Same in-your-face badassitude, different songs."
is just the coolest. :D
Interview today? Good luck & travel safely!
No problem!
No tweeting during a chemistry lecture
Reading Kitchen House by Kathleen Grissom and Sarah's Key by de Rosnay.
My 75 year old father just used the sentence "I'm LOL!" in an email he sent me. I love that he opted for the more formal grammar.
Yes, until i find something eles and decide to sign-up for classes :s Pizza Hut :'c
Love it!
good one only a #fool that can't #Cap would be on the Under in this #Cards #Brave game we are over 8 and
I was just asking
Damn people still got BBM?!?! Blackberrys at that?!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Was sieg being nice to me? or saying hi to be a smartass? i know he hates me
should i use to clips and clip my bangs to the side of my head... Lol.. Do you know what im referring ?
in staples dont no what we lookin for
The sun is rising on your dream casting beautiful orange & golden light warming your day.
Going to the Ritz Residences preview party tonight. Very excited to see the spaces!!
And "Give me all the luxeries I want, and I'll do without the neccesities---F.W. Wright
check out our new 4 pc Mineral Makeup trial kit. on special
Excellent! So glad to hear it. Come and see us again soon!
Great find!
I'm so excited! OMG
Who thinks what will look better bow tie or just a tie? Lol
<<< You are running a 5k today?
Yeah, I second this. Wish we took more time to cultivate young talent.
Special hair removal lasers are best for removing hair in more darkly pigmented patients-the Nd:YAG.
it was very good by the way and i have a question i know my bday was like 4 months ago but can u follow me plzz thx 143 <3 381
shoveling rock with my dad, ballcaps on, and sweat on our brows...doesnt get much better than this! I love daddy/daughter time :)
I think no one in government seems to know what they are doing, not even our president. Time to turn off the TV...click
recommend removing the hardware only if it causes a problem or pain
Google SPYW and What Marketers Need to Know: bit.ly/yBUFY6 with help from , and
Overwhelmed unpacking from not only our week away, but the kids week at grandmas/pas.
Hope you had a chance to view the HUD press release
Last Fri #real #estate wrd unscramble-freehold 2days WORD:nrcsgoie HINT:party "Its tngbl,its solid..its artstc..just luv real estate!" Trump
Try falling out of love . It's a challenge .
And the new novel just cruised past the 30k mark. Awww, it's getting so big. :D
they took breathe carolina.
That's true. Valentin brought Angie to the attention of Grusin & Rosen back in the '70's
Not getting 2 bed @ 2:15am after Sat night chaperoning? MT : 2 best things RE: DST: later daylight & clocks that change themselves
it would be one interesting t.v show
sweet! even higher prices... RT " gets new collaboration partner: Manolo Blahnik!"
To Sleepy.. I'm out #Lightbulb#
Or, you know, anything in Palladium's RIFTS ;)
If you are in Christ, you have a hope that is beyond comprehension, beyond imagination, and beyond anything humanity can create! Rejoice!
yeah but she doesn't look at all attractive. i was really shocked! you're WAY pretty
Councilman Olszewski says he will offer amendment to strike public accomodations from bill.
Vegas on Wednesday. It's about to get real.
Yay for getting the site up! :) When will we be able to register?
That black swan is like roach spray and the black swan 2 is gonna be the dust pan
You know Darius Miller had a great game, he is trending on twitter
Wanna be a robot in a song im working on? Send me a recording of yourself saying something crazy!
Individual Producer phone meetings this week. Kicking off the writing phase of '12 #apufringe. Yesterdays meeting w. went great!
What the Rondo is going on...
I'm pretty great...I just have a headache. Blah. What are you up to? x
Pam McGee is like a more annoying version of Ray Allen's mom. They always show the two..
. new version of grenade by: . then i throw the grenade for yah ! . i put ur hand on the blade oh yehh . ahhahah
Thank you so much for featuring the Warren parody clip! It was, in fact, made with much reverence.
Its so hot again -_-
Mexican Independence Day is today! A heartfelt thank you to all of our Mexican friends and customer who enrich our lives every day.
And on the eighth day God created meatloaf and mashed potatoes! Thanks, Babydoll, for an excellent dinner!
Juniors: Lol we're almost there. That's gotta count for something, right?
just sat down and listened the the mixtape...good stuff as always. Should update the website. lol
No clue how HHS plans to roll out exchange reg at Fragers. Used to live in that hood, it is filled with an unbelievable amount of stuff.
That's true too!
Hate sleepin alone
I hope to be seeing alot of you on the playground
"Have you tried our Timballo yet? Our customers are raving about the 5-layered ground beef, sausage, mozzarella, parmesan and ricotta dish!
": Their tears are filling up their glasses, no expression. No expression. #madworld" Love that song!
Thanks. Great to meet you!
& - are you keeping an eye on @ #SMBMAD - wish we were there!
Only if it doesn't involve the Cardinals. RT : RT if you're excited for the
Thought id go for a bit more of a smarter look.
Now watching... but for how long?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Are you ready for the new #bitesize #resource to be uploaded??
yeah, i'm bummed too! gave you some shout outs tonight for sure! hope to catch up soon!
My 11:11 wish is that will notice me<33
I'm starting to get bored wit da dating scene
awesome video.
Moment of silence for all the lost soilders on 9\11
If I had a gun ..... I do. In fact I got 2 but that's ok man cause I love god.
Harry Melander from Building Trades thanks conference committee for their effort on stadium plan, what he calls jobs bill.
Apropos of nothing, ever notice how Fastball's "The Way" conjures up "Besame Mucho"?
O.m.g this.is.amazinng
#Learn from the experience of pivotal social leader Scott Beale and be an agent for
I've misplaced a dogwood tree. Also, I suppose I should double-check which trees were destroyed & update their records. :/
MAKING GOLD RECORDS BABY.
Your visit the for a Sunday matinee. Catch the action at 1pm on ABC.
Frank Francisco is the Mets' version of Wayne Hunter.
I'm looking forward to seeing Cults and Foster the People tonight at Terminal 5.
Where is your beer at the State Fair?
An Egg unfollowed...is that even possible?
dont ever lose hope..she will follow u :)
Closing time, every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end
Linking small group changes and systemic world-scale changes in relation to digital humanities issue.
Happy Monday! xoxo
Why thank ya so much!
Just wrapped a great night of shooting comedy pilot. Next week more great interviews for #LiteraryLA documentary.
see you there!
50 bringing out the gold
Finally going to bed after 13 hours of studying/ paper writing... Z
glossary: a bunch of definitions that are about as fun to read as they are to write.
thats crazy...can you go through fb?
Rejoice in the LORD, you who are righteous, and praise his holy name. Psalm 97:12
ANYONE REMEMBER WHEN WE WOULD TWEET LIKE THIS TO TRY AND GET THE BOYZ TO NOTICE US? :') #Memories <3
Sometimes, no matter how much you want it, you have to give it up. It isn't worth the heartache and one day, they'll regret losing you.
Dancing with 3 people? That just seems stupid.
Always thought Lin had talent but not completely sold yet. Want to see him cool off and do it again. Mavs tried to sign him btw.
blood orange Pellegrino at Publix these days, specifically Northlake.
7 episodes in and I still do not understand Game of Thrones.
check out our website: girlsrockhouston.org. we're moving on up!!!
the cases normally say on them that it has 2 complete sets with one chaser. Didn't notice what this one said.
That's great to hear. Thanks!
Had some weird virus today :O
cool thanks
Its gonna be crazy!! Rt just realised it's less than 2 weeks till i play Ultra in Miami. fuck i can't wait!!
if food prices had risen at medical inflation rates since the 1930's a pound of butter would cost $108.29.
I wanna talk on the phone
": We're going streaking!" We're going streaking thru the quad!" The infield is more of an oval than a quad
can I be totally nosey and ask how much? I'm going to look at running shoes next Saturday
ouch! 58 ???? I thought I had a lot! (~30) .. trim those down, it will help speed up WordPress for ya :)
I'll have a Hanson w ranch
No problem!(:
Sorry Mccartney but I prefer lennon
this bores me..is anyone up for a game of basketball ? *prince voice*
What? You get to hang out?? Jealous!
RT : It's for everybody! RT : Is #BlackinAmerica meant for Black ppl??? I'm confused as to why I would want to...
haha thanks! they'll look even better with the beads :)
im fine, you?
says we're a "nation that treats people fairly" but he & are being unfair to US religious ppl. RT
nope, but the dude who did Think Like A Man from what I heard did a good black movie minus all the coonery, so maybe he can
Excellent...we're still eager to participate!
I thought was strictly a cat person now?
Could you see me blushing?!? Wow....
You are Missing Nothing! Walmarts are not worth it. They used to be... years ago. Tarjay is better. ;)
hey, are you back from traveling yet? I want to shop with you AND drink fancy cocktails with you. maybe at the same time.
Recording an amazing podcast today about overcoming prescription drug abuse, and how to spot the signs. Audio to follow soon!
Thx man, it was fun. Glad you can be my date for Prometheus!
is that a good or bad thing?
What Christian bands do you guys listen to?
relaxing! You?
Follow: <<<needs NEW followers to talk about dif' things w/!! Make an impression
Award: , producing concerts for kids that will include pre-concert learning activities.
That's a hit mother bitch. We doggiee!!!
Watching Dazed and Confused... and I am.
O I'll have to go to the store and get some! Thanks!
Ron will be straight8 trippin when he see you!!
Rememeber Remember I Shot The Wrong Dude!
u read my mind:)
Since 1998 I have been trying to get people to ditch Powerpoint. i have not always been successful.
#ThingsILookFor in a Cigar the body, size, and taste..And this goes for women too!
Ain't shit in them streets for me
Pre-ball dinner at Paolo's with all the ladies! Tonight will be a blast, just wish it wasn't raining.
2 years ago I saw you at Arroyo Seco in PM, Brookside in AM, & Bristol Farms after the round. Didn't want to bug you though!
OK, so if you really think about it, folks, we're all working for free today. Just putting it out there.
Go #teamashley!! ": Almost #HARDCOREPAWN time. I'll be chatting live during the show on twitter. 9:30pm ET tonight.
Beware of things that look simple on the surface - they probably aren't once you get past the most trivial cases
Too few care to recall! The first Baedekers led to a spate of home gnomenapping felt round the world!
can't wait to watch you guys!
he then leveraged them, cashed out, made millions and... dammit this isn't a joke, this is fucked up
yeah dont forget me! !!!!
thanks Lance!
hey man, thanks for the follow. I'll work in any genre but mostly Rock/Pop/Country. I have some mixes up on my website...
I don't mean to critique on your seduction technique, but your money's impressing me; it's kinda weak.
Enjoyed it, Dalia. Great follow up for us after visiting Ceja Vineyards during April in Carneros
has 1 million followers
Kings-4 and Heat-5 in action currently
And i'm begging you, i'm begging you, i'm begging you to be my escape. <3
Liv on Sunday... The foyer of the Club was CRACKIN... We aint get in the reg club but you DEFINITELY gotta be on site fam
blogblackmiami District 17 race. Vereen is here. Wilson is absent ref the NAACP Forum in Miami-Dade county
Rocked at Cadillac Ranch with Curtis & Luckey and operation troop aid. Great CMA Fest this year!!!! Three more shows today...living a dream!
your so lucky i wish he would follow me and dm me And skype me (:
YES lol, that should not be your end goal!
definitely. she does an awesome job in that movie.
Yea i texted u 2 get it n follow me like a week ago. So go get it n follow me ;)
I know! I love summer!
Swimsuits & half tees for the ladies...COMING SOON!! With your own personal design or photography! That's how #1of1 get's down!!
come on bulls the sixers pretty much giving you this game
RT "A man paints with his brains + not with his hands." Michelangelo
Tell him to "put a ring on it" Peggy!
We are so excited to be going on a journey to the Their Holloween Machines will be up and awesome. Party there Oct 28 free!
then eat a "phillie" cheese steak lol...get it?
So your BabyDaddy/Boothang/Thug/Whatever is in jail...He shouldn't of been breaking the law
Usa sucks
finally!!! feel like i haven't seen you 4-EVA!
I think that the lions are ready to take the next step and the bears on Monday are a stepping stone key is to keep qb uprite
Would you find it strange to ask that you respond to my tweet to encourage this micro econ homework? If not, I understand.
I love the RED FACTION games. They're all about the player's ability to break stuff.
I need a nap <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
u gne meet me half way for the price
Forget love, I'd rather fall in
Every high school student should bring a laptop to school. When do we start recommending that? (have to fix the bandwith issues in schools)
I abstain from coffee houses very abstemiously.
RT : Let's get together for an enjoyable evening of delicious food and great service here at Mesa Grill! See you!...
In Kerela, India wondering how many days of vacation it takes to switch off work
Could it be that you are who you are and where you are for a reason? Thank God for your life, exactly as it is right now.
Woke up with a headache
home opener tonight at 7pm. Come by before the game for $4 bar rail and 5$ Creemore and Steamwhistle pints!
lol. it probably is, and 21 is the lowest common denominator for "4G"
made fun of me with sarcasm.
A budget is the financial expression of the district's educational goals and aspirations
I'm truly in love with <3
Uhh. It's also the 2 year anniversary of when I first came to your house, you dick.
shits watts good in the hood
Hahahahaha touché! That was a good one. Shall we call it CoPaCabrerra?
I'm an independent but I can't wait for Obama to win again, so these bad teeth having morons on Fox News like Dick Morris would STFU.
Follow me please :D,,
good thing our panels are over cuz we'll be hoarse tomorrow. So much fun!
No its cool mom, I totally appreciate the un-needed attitude ur giving me.
sad....true colors of Flyers showing. Rinaldo is a punk
are you happy with police response times? do you feel safe in your park? do you like the condition of your roads? risk risk risk
I really love gummy bears. That is all.
Coming up at 1:30pm, I will be giving away spots to our "Red Solo Cup" party at the Vault Nightclub in Roseville!
I had to work, but we toasted at midnight with the night crew.
Fun fact: About 7 billion pounds of turkey are sold annually for Thanksgiving!
gaylor is so cute though :)
i havent seen that actually! I love it tho! great find, ill have to put it on pinterest haha
so you're lesbian?
appearance continues to be a conversation during this struggling job market. Another confirmation.
your mom is orange/pink
We are counting down the days!
#nowplaying Between the Lines,
you weird. how can you be depressed from this?
...and as a literature review, it still fails since it doesn't have footnotes -- only an appendix
Studio done!!
The lack of #Twins tweets in the last hour is a testament to how amazing we are playing
It seems like it's too mainstream to hate or love Valentine's Day, so I'm just gonna be indifferent.
grand ave mall
went too hard tonight..
i hope justin will tweet something like"Learning more stuff about myself everday #roomers ignore the haters smh IDGAF #believe coming soon"
nice Brannock device!
Dorthy, the little tugboat was recognized as a symbol of the quality workmanship for which Newport News is know throughout the world.
Will you be attending Disrupt? Unable to attend myself but will follow via Twitter
do u know where Richardson, Texas is?
Mary J Blige!!!! Wow!!! What an awesome performance of the Star Spanngled Banner!!!
But it's co-op Minecraft! That's pretty hot, right?
aww thanks Nicole that's good to hear :)
Everybody is voicing their opinions out loud like its important they entitle 2 their opinions its like the flu we're all caught it once
I'll be on talking about #NY27 at 8pm and 11:30pm tonight on New York statewide YNN/Time Warner Cable.
Good news. RT:" Please note that we are HOPING to re-open by Friday but do not have a firm date as of yet."
I hate it when people say i will follow you if you follow or i will dm you if you follow...like do they ever keep a promise?
I wonder who Mark is gonna trade... I'm SS anxious
please follow<3?
Sorry for the few retarded UK fans tweeting you s**t. Hope you do well wherever you end up. Good Luck next yr.
Confused point blank.
From what I gathered from all the talk the last few days. Either it was/is Geno or Brooks who has issues with Sid. #?
great season my bro! You killed it! Cant wait to see you tear up shit next season! Way to handle yourself with class!
So true!
Bank of Albuquerque has numerous Asst. Branch Manager (Traditional and In Store) openings available. 505.855.0845
I broke my glasses in half this morning while getting up for work :\
I had a very moving conversation with my sister Fay Coleman. I appreciate her support. She is wonderful. Keep up good work. C. Harris
2-9 seasons are not "hip" for any recruits!
Why is everyone in a hurry to dump Tebow somewhere. Why can't he stay in Denver and learn how to be a QB from one of the best?
I would love that pretty lady! You tell me when <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Did you get tickets to the D23 NYC Fanniversary event in May?
COME TO NASHVEGAS
Time for work :/
Actual quote "you look like a non profit prostitute" lol
hey justin i love u
If my search history is any indication, I'm either planning a wedding or attempting to pull off a massive heist.
nice input about heat press printing. interested to know name of heat press you prefer.
It is not power that corrupts but fear. <U+2015> Aung San Suu Kyi
#mvt121 VP story: In 2006 – 10 years after deciding to become a Christ-follower, I felt the discontent around my career escalating.
But if I go thru the hassle of getting there & it sucks, I will be bitterly disappointed. And I will rant about it at length ;-)
I started this journey alone - so it's only natural that I end it alone
In Indy. Gosh. Get out of my freaking way!!!!! Stupid people.
Kobe Bryant 5th on the NBA's all-time scoring leader.. He's now the true "Mamba #5".
- Sounds like fun! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
RT : Cronon's chapter on rise of Chicago's futures market in Nature's Metropolis is a must read for students of capitalism.
Isn't every week #RocketWeek? RT : Why is there a #SharkWeek? Why not a #RocketWeek? Or at least a #RocketShark week?
I'll send you the invite to the Google Group at lunch!
And people wonder WHY I do them.dirty. smh. Oh well
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
great! very similar family histories. this means we should be kindred spirits!
Go Dodgers!!!
She likes to stay in pocket IT MIGHT SEEM STRANGE TO YOU!
i need to myself smh
OMFG I love my amazing followers!
I knew you would...I always think back to your quote abt fb and engagement
his grandma was crckin me the fuck up
Tell all friends & fam to leave non perishable food at mailboxes, Sat. May 12 for largest 1 day food drive in US!
How Can You Build A Multimillion Dollar Catering Company Over And Over Again?
Word of advice.. put a condom over ya heart and fuck yo feelings
you're a great friend but really ??
Ford is rumored to be considering the development of a new full-size rear wheel drive platform to underpin a replacement
Positive small changes happen, but very few hear, see, or share them.
thank you
Champagne and bud... Keeping it classy
Just landed in DEN and I'm super excited to see what's in store
I wear my sunglasses at night...
Playing all morning.
Constructivism: Social structures matter as much in world politics.
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
Making a playlist of the set list and listening to it to get that experience.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Looking foward to seeing everyone tonight at the show and enjoying a few beers.
Stop by our desk for a Turkish delight dessert and to say hello! #We're on the sidelines of the lunch hall
follow back I have followed you
BHRT is not just for women! Hieber’s compounds a variety of preparations to treat Andropause in men. Call 412-681-6400
You and The Grammy's put on a damn good show last night. Just bought my Mumford & Sons album. Ty guys!
Spring Forward Tonight!! Pace yourself in your partying tonight. Daylight Savings Time costs you a hour of sleep!
Wow - Transsiberian - God Movie.
crazy ass lmao
DEVO at Magpie!
Hey can u please follow us? :D
I already took it out and it's not good enough to wear in public hahah.
#NowFollowing <U+2192> & sent me :)
I think I met my future husband tonight. He's a huge fan.
who is the rosin bag signed by?
Mobb deep in the building
Watching Limitless
President Calvin Coolidge reportedly said, If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to repeat it
#NowPlaying 3LW :No More (Baby I'ma Do It Right)
Denial. Anger. Regret. Depression. Acceptance. Process you go through when your fucked in a situation.
really misses the late 90's- early 00's British band emergence. Well.. with the exception of Chumbawumba..
These artist constantly blaspheme God , and you respect that ? Come on when you gonna draw the line people
lol typical! Good luck bunny =)
Adam wasn't cool (not to me anyway), plus, I was more a fan of the Blue Ranger.
Ah Twitter, it's been too long. Let's get reacquainted.
they hatein cause they knw we getn it GET IT GANG ENT.
Life is crazy .
Me is hungry!!!!
all of you are
Fantastic lunch at Georges Ocean Terrace in La Jolla, followed by a win. Great day!
give me love... love's divine... love is what i need to help me know my name......
I'm so sick of all the political bullshit about middle east. We're stuck in there and we arn't leaving.
He did? Lol... He was so successful, we did not notice. :) Kind of sad that was your BEST moment of the artwalk.
One big room full of bad bitches : )
Agreed! RT “: Watching Mad Men. Can we PLEASE agree that Don's wife has jacked up teeth? Please people?”
Congrats to the DBU baseball team! So excited for you guys!
nah.. but the dude makes more arguments for sane composition (e.g. forms not tied to models) than he does for language features
You're insecure, dont know what for. You're turning heads when you walk through the do-o-or :)
I can honestly say I'm truly happy!!!
Hurr did party!
Hmm, what's your mood? Have you read any #TanaFrench or #SophieHannah Both technically whodunnits, but such quality writing.
So... haven't we known Idol was rigged for weeks? Why such a commotion tonight?
got a gym at st.joes on Washington st. $5 to play we got 11 could always use 1 or 2 more, starts at 7 over at 9:00
hit the jingle!
Thanks for the mention... we appreciate it.
If i had Prince Fielders money id give half to charity...JK id buy houses and put prostitutes in them.
Down at the finish line watching the steady stream of walkers getting their finisher medals! You guys rock.
Just chillaxin' at home till Justinian....
Everyday is Alex name day ! Thx for sharing: RT : Today is ALEX name day in Hungary, so HAPPY NAME DAY !!
Also a brainstormed idea in our second class! Though our had zip-off sleeves for those lighter travel days...
Change your thoughts and you change your world - Norman Vincent Peale
RT : FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL TWITTER PAGE OF Thanks SINN. will definately support the green eyed bandit
Lol, you suck.
Poor - still needs an Avatar. Any ideas? Any artists out there want to send us one? We're graphics-challenged. :=(
When I was little I used to want to be a fireman like my dad was, until I found out that I wouldn't be accepted since I see opposite colors.
I'll Still Turn Too You <U+2665>
I wonder if my friend Greg ever sleeps or if he's a vampire?
May tomorrow be filled with hope, love and faith. Night people.
they do host it internally, I know someone who works there and asked them myself b/c of all the issues yesterday.
bulls heat tonight, statement game for my bulls. I smell a blowout
all of my most important life changes have begun with pickles.
i''m good ! thanks ! how about you luvie? <3
I just want somebody that's ready to do things out of the ordinary! If we gonna live this life let's live it tf UP!and let's do it together!
Good Morning world
": WHEN YOUR MOM THINKS you have a attitude but all you did was answer her question. -__-"
This is how colors get named. The color is "Hallway". Or maybe "Julie's Hallway" if it is that special.
And not 18 as it is in Europe
save the idjits! But mostly, save Bobby!!!!
I remember. I was the baseball PA announcer in high school...that would explain all the chicks that would flock my way back then
coach why did you have to go & make my farewell to M.I.C.K.E.Y seem so sappy lol. Im his pseudo apologist
If one were to rank this #RedSox season so far in terms of KISS solo albums, we'd be right around "Peter Criss" right now.
Loved that show, so smart and cool for kids. And me.
: argues for the engaged fandom of remix culture a la , but seems she does not know Jenkins work #NetworkedNY 1/2
where u located I am in Baton Rouge now originally Appleton
I love being able to joke around with people and know that both sides are always gonna be good.
My Friend said I'm boring ...at 2am...ok is it just me ....RT
thought fiffa was weak ? Haha bluff
Lol faith came in the clutch and made me happy didnt see it coming thanks faith!!!
Have u ever been real fucked up bout sum1 u can't have to urself cuz errrbody <3 them ? What do u do in that situation....
Their support of #SOPA is just the latest among so many good reasons to #boycottGoDaddy. Glad to see a bit of a groundswell underway.
Got a picture frame for Christmas and a hot guy is the sample picture. I'm not quite sure if I want to replace the picture yet(;
Hey austin(:
I love that! thanks!
I PROMISE I WILL BE AT SCHOOL TOMORROW!
Burdens of the World on my shoulders: heavy! visibly composed, my emotions buried.
Omr I'm moving to new york wanna come? Well u no wat nevermind #Gotcha April follz
Its funny how when I need you most, youre never here.
Booked the LEAD - a SoHo Gallery Owner/Artist struggling to stay on top - in a short film that challenges the lengths people go to succeed.
How about a telescope? Jumping Jupiter!
I missed my tapers :3 They weigh so much more than my rubber plugs.
#aupolisci 2 negative reviews=rejection letter. 20% submissions not appropriate for journal. Turnaround in 2011 about 40+ days.
On TV? RT ": Going to a soccer game as a fan tonight. I'm off the clock and ready to rock (responsibly). #USvCostaRica"
About to ride the bull with and
hopefully it's a clinching game
i love my sisters i dont know how i could make it without them <3
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then use the profits to buy an assault rifle. See if life makes the same mistake twice.
Does deep fried s'mores, deep fried pickles and deep fried bacon count as a meal? Meat, veggie and dessert!
Become a member @ www.myfreegenealogy.com after three posts members will have full access to what the site has to offer.
Problem - it's hidden solutions
NICE!! ": WOW!!! 2800 followers!?!? Thank you all for #blessing me!!!! XO"
PTSD after Domestic Violence can re-occur without warning and put one in another state.
ok cool
14 more school days until graduation...omg...
Best hotel lobby music in Los Angeles goes to !
Now following. Or you can email me beth (at) bondimaging.com. We can accept Visa MC Amex or EFT. And yes we can scan to cd..
that's the goal god willing
Jamming to MJ at work this morning!!!!
N/F follow back
Yeah....understood there...
Indiana offense = complete opposite of
Hail 2 the Puppets, b it communist or n imperialist, so long as v get our cut ;) what's the diff. :)
Interviewed owner of 101 y.o. hardware store in #Cleveland Heights for this a.m. - stay tuned for the resulting app site!
You are Mark!
Ok, 2 new posts up. Glittery holidays to all!
I've been hacked!
Tuesday, you have been a little better, thank you. :)
Hitting the #gym on Friday with . Gotta stay in shape
yeah. I dont understand what the hell is going on with that. You got a point
i wanna thankk today to because she has put up with for this long & supported him the whole way <3 ThankkYouu:)
No valentine.....any takers?
Pray for peace, but prepare for war
I would call your amcs and request work. But it is show everywhere. Should pick up mid feb. Visit appraiserincome.com
THERE IS A COLONIAL WOMAN ON THE WING OF THE PLANE, THERES SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT TELLING US!
Just heard it's bday too! Doubt she's bailing on DC for a drink, but that Compass Box sounds good!
After months of delay and a lot of pressure, Rick Scott made a good decision today to approve Sunrail. This is only the 1st step.
hell yea lol. It's worth it tho. The chef goin in
I need some Python guys or gals, anyone looking to work with a SaaS company?
awe thank you so so so much!
Audition tip #11. Actors, if you go from homeless to famous, Do Not Go on Dr. Phil!
part three is royal fun so far.
I think I'm pulling for and the Clips now.
It's odd to see a Papa John's delivery sign on the top of a new Mustang
Check em! RT : Grl...people take so many liberties its insane. go ahead and laugh but God knows I did!!
"Get the f away from me." - Meryl Streep's body language
Okay I officially want to hear The Black Keys play "Little Black Submarines" live. That song rocks.
It is something I grew up eating and I always have the stuff on hand. Love it with hashbrowns and ketchup. LOL!!
I would love it if u would follow me :D
Effie to the crowd before the reaping.
I would love to see you & Will do an acting gig together. A music gig would be awesome too :)
Blogger seeking creative examples of ways to save $ on car rentals. DM Thanks!
We think so!
Black T-Shirt special, blanks $1.50
#Summer2012 is getting closer and closer :))
Studio session is going great. Heatin up the ssl
Currychicken for dinner (:
PHARRELL: “Don’t you know that we swallow guys” (From “Rockstar Poser” by N.E.R.D.)
YES, and he was chewing gum while making it. How sexaaay of him.
last weeks eastbound was the best one this season
I think I under estimate myself.
- You're gonna make me cry again . . .
#hottopic is a prime suspect
Paul McCartney - Jet - 10:05 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
no specific due date:)
naa some guy
Musically inspired by
Why don't we just require them to stay home? RT : Veils, more likely. RT “: Requirement that ladies wear hats? ...
wat part of the school is the meeting.?
Blight talking about the juxtaposition of the centennial of the Civil War and the Civil Rights movement.
have fun studying you loser
Haha - no, the very cute #jillstuart wedges on But I would like some hairy boots too. where can i get those?
why he played just about the entire game. But he does need to move the ball quicker when the double team comes.
Play the #bookpeopleunite song for your sister. I'm sure she'll love it as much as we do.
Kindest prof award goes to for asking abt my health, sleep, etc.
Good Morning my favor Sis!!! Cloud nine!!!
There are a lot of similarities between the US and UK courts, but there are a lot of differences too, especially with case law.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. -Peter Drucker
that's the way it should always be. That's what NYG do
no clue
Black & red wit tha stripes on it : im furesh 2 death . Who want it
should get online :'} now please
RT : Today we are excited to welcome LaCausa Charter School
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow urself 2 B made a victim. Accept no one's definition of ur life, but define urself H.S. Firestone
after st pattys day weather permitting we should be out on the regular
love this!!
Beverly S. of Rockford, TN, won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang 2night at 7 & 7:30 for yr chance to win!
really? makes you sleepy?! need to try
Is Rickie hurt? Remember I'm not near a TV. Just a radio.
If I grew a stache like that, could I get some run support?
why am i always hungry and have the urge to eat so much food?
I'm about to exhibit the Duncan Principle. Anyone who gets that reference deserves a pat on the back.
RT : The remainder of Mad Men will be peppered with tropcalia rarities. #SONY/ATV
Gonna post this a couple of times today: Anyone know of any Maker groups or 3D printer groups in middle Tennessee?
you tell your boyz you played me like a bicth and i tell my girlz you have a lil d!ck!!!
u shld congratulate your sister, she asked out a boy and he said yes
Yes, will do!
are you pulling Kashi products due to issues with GMO?
But its caused me to act in such a crazy way ..
It's decent... Nothing fancy.. But I guess it get's the job done... Just make sure you bring 2 DVD's.
Buckling down on on my preso for 's Staff Day -- I'll be talking about Social Media -- What, Why & How for Libraries.
good morning! Have a great day!
Great day shooting video.
completed Chapter 22 in
ugh this day rite here is a fool
phone's off for the rest of the night. i don't wanna talk to anyone.
What do you call a Mexican that can't find his car? Carlos.
a movie, it's really rude haha, aww have fun! :) I was having friend to sleep but she canceled:\ x
If you say anything else re: the I will find you and kick you in the shins... ;-) Can't wait to see it!
Congrats #Brewers on a great season! So exciting to make it as far as the Crew did! See you in the Spring!
Wouldn't that eliminate the ENTIRE FUCKING POINT of Hulu Plus?
“No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are – it is never too late to be who you are...
Nice work. I might have to stare at the pics for a few more minutes, just to be sure, though.
as well as in my car/iPod, Disney Channel, Glee omg..if she was ever to be on that show I'd DIE! She'd make awesome character
HEY ! YOU GUYS ROCK MY WORLD ;D
You sing to us; it is beautiful.
Farmnatura, thanks for following us on Twitter!
If most employers (potential) require an official grade report, I will have to borrow from a friend. You can't pay if u r locked out of work
Congrats! for your Emmy Nom! Proud to work with you!
Found a shop that carries the #fonic prepaid sim card starter package. Finally back in the cell phone biz after almost a week.
Not since we left it! I think Missy has, though. :)
Miss you at the WUW meetings.. Looking forward to seeing you tonight!.
howw oabout following me? who am i kiding he will never notice me :'( </3
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Those are quite possibly the most adorable dogs I've ever seen!
Foods that actually have more sugar than a Twinkie! Yogurt, tomato sauce, granola bars, fat-free salad dressing, muffins and canned fruit+++
Everyone that came to Terror Town, THANK YOU. Spread the word for next year. Most Authentic and scariest haunted attraction on island!
oh no..are you ok?
Will the Richard Dreyfuss Law Day lecture be live streamed?
Sunny in Milwaukee! Amazing what 90 miles can do.
Just finished eating there. Good stuff!
Finally... Hulk was awesome, about time, thanks
Why men are sensitive?<U+E11A><U+E11A><U+E11A>
Wild! Go on FB u see all the crazy pics,but it was cool ran into some people that work wit music. Other then that eat Pizza!
Wonderful time w/some of the seniors at the Hilliard Senior Center today. I always love the chance to have a conversation vs presentation.
share the syllabus?
It's crazy that ur future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now? Isn't it also crazy, that he might be someone you know?
some songs are about love... but you dont see me crumping to any of them
Big shout out to my parents for ditching me like always
I love
lmao I will when I get home :)
of course, followed ;)
Eliza is PHENOMENAL this season. Follow us and for updates!
Lots of great new tv show this yr - cant decide which was my fave...
Last time I checked, work doesn't reassure you that liking a finger up your ass doesn't make you gay -___-
yea im like y i got all these direct messages tht i didnt send out man
Maybe Pixar isn't interested in the superhero game now since they've already made a perfect superhero movie themselves.
My neighbor told me that we won't have to worry about alleycats now that we have so many Asian restraunts on H St (cc )
What is up with all the crazy traffic in Newton?
I'm so confused right now whose side do I choose??!:/
I'm super shitty that chef put me on bakeshop. I don't want to bake! <U+E416>
Things will get better.. I'm praying they will..
It's been a long, long, long, long, week and I'm trying to shake off a particularly yucky day yesterday. So ready for the weekend!
Or his lit agent was the 1st birther.": Seriously. The answer is staring us in the face. Barack Obama is a composite Kenyan."
Kodak Expands Web-to-Print Reseller Agreement with Online Print Solutions to Europe and Asia
I know! I can't wait! Are you going to watch it with the Demetrians tonight?
lets get bleeped tonight!!! DADA at State Theater for Winter White !!!
Love the boots! Hope your B-Day was a good one!
Beautiful barn! I love VT, my home state.
did you just ask me if they know me....? But the worst they could do is not accept lol it's not like they will remember my face
Too much credit for pain, not enough for shame. All that hand-wringing. Pained had the answer, chose wrong one.
Audience suggestion: "CHICKEN!" screamed at the top of her lungs. Roaring applause. It's going to be a good night.
it's so hard to wake up when my house is so cold...
I miss seeing a lack of teen moms everywhere.
except for tv, obviously.
I have been stumbling lately, but I'm going to keep going. Grateful.
Ouch!!! Avs come on offense.
Sounds like a good plan! RT will def be visiting when I go home to PDX in june!
Considering a weekly three martini lunch
2million and ONE, and until infinity. Greetings from DC with unwavering LOVE. Asante sana!
#mymommaalwaystoldme look both ways before crossing the street..
BASICALLY SAME i could be getting mine in a month but instead i'll be getting it in november..oops.
Nature is the ultimate pragmatist: what works is what survives, and what survives is what works.
Absolutely! They were grt. RT : compliments to the servers during #sdp2p forum luncheon!
": Excellent!! Taking my son out next weekend to shoot his Mosin." --> A great American tradition!
This girl think she bailing cause she just made it to 102 followers
Turing's paper clearly well-read in paper--couldn't tell so easily if it was a PDF. Have to keep better track of downloads.
We are always accepting apps, send your stuff over to and we will get back to you if you're a fit!
neh,. it's ok
I HOPE THAT YOU WIN!!! REMEMBER US WHEN YOU REACH THOSE HIGHEST HEIGHTS!
#FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON ME #FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
do you have a subscription to MLB tv? Considering trying it out.
I love this hot weather!
Moreover, those who do usually are not willing to do what is necessary to make a difference.
Arts news in Sunday's Times is a bit funky. Between the coverage of "Magic/Bird" & rock music cruises I am feeling stuck in the 80's/90's
Today I'm cooking for lunch
All Blacks Air New Zealand Beech 1900D <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>
Went to my first away uva bball game yesterday. NOT impressed with Comcast nor UMD fans.
Responded to FIRE @ 56 Devon Loop, Staten Island, NY 10314. Red Cross auto update.
ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley
getting kicked out of kindergarten #hadmefooled!!
just got home and had a wonderful night. but now im have to many thoughts to go to sleep...go figure;)
And just like in most modern situations,the people who are harmed most tend to be ones who are already at the bottom of societys "ladder"
I would have waited to follow!
The Sharpo Murder Mystery Dinner tonight in Altadena is dedicated to Peter Falk. May he rest in peace. One more, thing...We'll miss you, Lt.
“: detained again! Do US airports not have access to Google?” Where's the love for the great SRK!
Got mom an iPad for mothers day. Win!
Since I'm down a computer, I'm considering buying an iPad. Less money, same function.
but they are gonna win sucka! :)
Coffee is good at #THATCampVA12 , ; get it while it lasts. Already had some convos abt teaching, learning, technology up in here.
Finally, something on Twitter I can use! But your link didn't work, how do I sign up ;)
It does look like I may have to leave Twitter and the internet for a time, due to financial problems. It has been a pleasure to meet.....
We've come far w/ micropayments - see $.99 songs. Publishers shouldn't only think of advertising for $ - says
is growing and hiring!
Turns out, the $.99 Store is the top distributor of the worst flavored everything, the reject snacks. The shit nobody else wanted.
when do u play playoffs
16 more days until with and !
“The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them.” <U+2015> Anton Chekhov
How can we translate OCCUPY into positive systemic governmental change. To change the outcomes we must change the system.
be grateful for the small things in life...
That one person that's always making little problems a BIG deal...
THANK GOD FOR WATER LINES BREAKING!!! Just closed the center down with pay!!!! Yayyyy
I almost dumped a tub of rice down the garbage disposal...then I remembered Briand. The things you learn in college.
Intangibles and wow factors must be considered as value issue
Breakfast at Tiffany's at Brooklyn Bridge Park. August 11th at Sunset, Free!
Honestly I made this decision to save you and myself from a situation that could have gotten worse.
i got rid of my dip-dye now everyone's getting it done..i cant stress enough at how much it ruins your hair!!
The end of 1st quarter Dakota leads the Jam by 3 (24-21). Trey Johnson leads the Jam with 5 points
follow for a shouout!
Hit the ball. Na. Seriously hit the ball. Na. Hit the damn ball! Na. I quit.
Long story within a story within a story within a story short:
#Thingsilearnedfromtoby:Jump in a giant room completely not seeing the obvious button
hit me up on aim (RGNjay) haven't got skype yet. lol or PM me
how very hunger games of you ;)
PLS FOLLOW !! The Premier Bollywood Fusion Events Group. #
All new on bike drills for 2011, check us out @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
100 homes evacuated after a dummy missile falls in neighborhood. Next!
Nope. Just steroids.
#jewishpeopleproblems RT : Why is my Israeli falafel spot closed on Easter Sunday?
Another #Browns victory means 25% OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE all day Monday! Enter promocode: browns25 at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
amen to that
Welcome to my world. Much as I want to turn the channel, I can't look away. ;-)
all good; not like it's father's day or anything
MAKE A NEW ONE <33333
un huh
wondering if mark twain would have annoyed me as much alive as he does dead.
SC Desire 2011 Meet N Greet on Yahoo chat going on now. Come join us!
Pensacola my dude. Where are you at?
Wed at Faith and Whiskey where $20 gets you all-you-can-drink tableside keg service for 4 hours, plus a free pizza buffet. Bottoms up!
What a fun contest You're so creative! Can't wait to see our hard-earned eye candy in July! lol
#Sixers just.. Common.
With Apple announcing Lion, good time to plan new building network, with help from Offices, media, planetarium! Ready?
aw so cute!
Thank you for getting my name out there! WooHoo!!! Have a great weekend!! RT :
I really want to read The Art of Fielding.
Captain Howdy is having an all-day sale. Twisted sisters half off. :D
Christmas Weekend is here!! Buy tickets for any of your favorite sporting/musical event happening. Call us now: 888-493-0004
I hate to see dudes with blacl ass lips ! Thats nasty lol
Is it just me or are those demonic monkey type things in Temple Run... like, really creepy?
Since when does jefree star smile? WTF is this the end of the world? I love you @ mtHINCHER!!! Goodmorning
alright, I will!
#saw you in #class and hoping you'll think enough of me to #follow back. You got 1-day! LMBO
Congrats to and Dukes for having great supporters turn out at the Common Council today! It made a BIG difference!
Baby girl, what u inspire to be
A pass rush.
Big film event coming to the new W Hotel June 3.
Gonna Make A Ocean Tomorrow.<3
thx. we'll watch for others w/ same problem. you've got to open up & quit being so protective :) How r we supposed 2 market 2U?
you go girl!
evil is wise, be wiser...
Today, I have begun the process of unfollowing people that don't follow me back...My TL is way too busy. Time to purge
Enjoying a nicely uncluttered Twitter timeline...YEAH!! It was hard to keep scrolling through spam to get to one actual post sometimes...
I think I'll be able to come for a little bit. Maybe, if you are lucky, I'll let you see me.
Wish I was there!
Marie Calendars new "Luscious Lemon Cake Pie" is a must have delight. M...
yo I sent a vocal idea for that first track
PickUpLine: Lie down. I think I love you.
Who's it going to be? #Steelers or #Packers. I just hope the commercials are good!
We have no choice but to be successful if we manage our time and productivity better
Considering if it's worth trying to grab a TouchPad before it goes ... and for how much ...
Got to put gas in the car for the first time
yuck ate too much this weekend, not feeling good. =\ back to the real world...work 6-3.
This day and age, the business has to conform to the consumer and adapt or else it will fail. Plain and simple
RT : #CALIFORNIA #Senate Bill 98 on the governors desk awaiting signature to reestablish #Board of
power outage in East County. Know why?
Thanks for mentioning my Telephone Game post in your Startup newsletter.
You have to get thE insurance
NO,NOT STARLIN!
i'll be 31 in May; lifelong O's fan - absolutely loving watching you guys this season! keep killing it; good luck in NY!
Don't take the nipple away from the baby- Heimerl
#weliveinaworldwhere people don't care about the value of their life nor anyone else's
Goodnight twitter....
Too scared to post pictures of Corey and I, I swear they're the kiss of death.
Spent 50 bucks all night last night. Great success.
RT RT Prayer changes things. Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Dude, you've been hacked... I've gotten two spam DM's from your account in the last 8 hours.
the bungler resumes tonight! don't miss it!
Let's TREND!!!
going okay thanks. And yours?
Love my family, but may go crazy being snowed in with them.
Be on the lookout for my new single "GO GETTER" coming soon!!
Yeah Buddy! When are you coming back to San Diego? I'm making a trip back to Phoenix mid-December. Cocktails?
I don't understand why banks put chains on their pens. If I'm trusting you with my money you should trust me with a pen
": Lol “ Puerto ricans love cocaine.”" -Rick James voice- "Cocain is a hell of a Drug"
I thought I'd tell you, since I know Brandon hasn't. I went & picked out the tux colors yesterday. they said with shoes the tux
Oo La Lucci is on Army Wives now? I might start watching it now!
It was my pleasure! Glad u guys enjoyed the visit. Safe travels and talk again soon! Keep me posted on BBM!
Huge applause to on just now. Sounded perfect
The difference between "Like", "Love" & "In Love" is the same different between "For Now", "For A While" & "Forever"
#UMass getting a lot of good looks (excepting the last Freddie Riley look) but they're not falling. #Temple leads 18-13, 10:24 to play
awww, it's okay. sweet dreams about catching it :)
Obviously they were better that day and that's all that matters. If SnD only required camping why did A4V get 6-0ed and 6-2????
Aw I feel so loved<U+E404>
Home from falloutn it was scary... Bu we cudn bring electronics so i missd ustream!!! :`(
First monreo done on to the next one, c:
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Favorite addition to Mad Max's costume? The butt flap. The butt flap totally makes Max more threatening.
That big brain bug on #starshiptroopers always reminds me of a vagina
We're busy making sexy music...
“: he did the super sad face and walked way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>” aww poor guy :/ if he did that face I'd be quite freaked out!
I get the impression that some is excited.
Good luck, Ozzie. Sox fans will miss you!
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
have a great show. Thanks again for the tix. My 7 yr old girl is at her first concert.
Ill tell you about it later, kinda busy.
ya my bad, I deleted my reply, after I read your other posts. That sucks :(
T minus less than 2 weeks! 13 days - huzzah!
Lol, that was a GREAT attempt though.
I'm feelin that!! Aye!!
Well, the two teams that predicted to be in the #StanleyCup are now one game away from elimination. and
at GC. my second favorite bass
boys are getting it together. This real life stuff is on a different time schedule than college! I am blessed they are home. Hugs
Teachers who know how to play classical guitar
We are but two adults and one small child, so how in the name of all that is sacred do we generate piles of laundry I can't even see past?
Rejoicing with the bride & groom whilst honoring my father & mother!
Thanks Brett!
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Read the book cause it can't read itself...like duh!
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
now THAT is funny
Hebrews 13:6 So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.
I need free drinks in Austin pronto. Where should I be?
that shit happened to me once
Still thinking about the 360 #Fela twerk. Think I got it. We have to practice and meet back up
*Blushing* Have a great weekend you two!
Horizon Report metatrends 1) Social Computing 2) Visualization 3) Digital Storytelling 4) Educational Gaming - All mobile
Cleveland appreciates your dedication! You're truly a role model not just in football, but also in our community. Thank you!
Haha, good one Luke.
I'll be there
I think I'm going to be really sorry I didn't watch the Oscars this year....
Yes ma'am! How YOU doing?? RT lets rock.
FOLLOW AND HELP GET SIGNED -
Just watched The People Vs George Lucas. Funny how I have such conflicting feelings about something that means so little in the big picture.
I have reached my 2k max following. Anyway you can allow me access to follow more people? I am not a spammer, nor a bot :)
no........ Yesterday he told me it was his...
i read your story!! i want you to put a new chapter up so bad but if you cant or something its fine.
lol cool. That looks pretty cool but looks complicated hehe
i wasn't i didnt even notice tat my caps was on so when i posted it i didn't feel like redoing it...gosh
That's what you'll be saying
You'll spoil her! Next time I see you don't let me forget to give you Slumdog Millionaire to borrow.
Does Shanny keep anyone in check anymore???
Do Gay Couples practice the 90 Day Rule too? "No Tremaine, you ain't getting none of this Booty hole til August sir!"
I love #baseballseason!!!!
Then who would pitch the 8th inning? Soriano can't handle it.
Never lose sight of your dreams; all it takes is belief
Heh, I have a title in mind for a post on the Paul & Joe spring collection...if another blogger posts it before I do I will be mad!
“: season finale of big bang.... womp womp wommmmmmp :(” I thought it was next Thursday ??
OH YES! Tho on children inclined to give pass if parent seems EXHAUSTED. If parent seems PLEASED I say
WHERE'S FINN?
I NEED to see Shut Up And Play The Hits!!!!!!! Please hook an LCD lover up. Oh and James Murphy's DJ set.
Happy hour till 6 with a 630 kickoff at for game!!!
I know u looking at me and my tweets like WTF!!! .. #NOFilter hoe..lol
"Your ass is the perfect shade of golden brown"
oh I've never been there will have to try it out.
This chick said our generation doesn't crave broccoli they crave big Mack's #thiscantbelife <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Almost at 2,000 likes!!! Support Fit2go and help us grow :) Thank you so much!!!
18 followers to go till we giveaway a autograph
I got you
RT yo is one of the most versatile producers I know lol.. def. not subject to being categorized. #respect. <- Appreciated
(shameless begging warning) PWAs Facebook page has 113 likes. I'm not crazy about that number. How about 114? Can I get a like?
SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing with Talbott Maxey - SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing
Happy Mom's Day my sisters.
i loved 's shamwow reference last night
Weekend make me forgot about school. But Sunday just brings it all back. :|
Virginia, Maryland punt on billions needed for roads - Washington Examiner
NY-11 is Dem by registration, but conservative. I think it voted narrowly for McCain, & earlier for Bush by a lot.
I have court <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Collaborate, share an idea, or recommend an article Stop in for my 3rd Annual Toy Drive for Children in Foster Care - This Tues. Dec 13th …
"If your friends were to jump off a bring, would you jump too?" " Um, if my friends were to jump off a bring, it was cuz it was my idea..."
My mom is about to do my eyebrows, if she fucks up, I'll have to start sharpie-ing my eyebrows.
Getting the evil eye from a bowling alley bartender from Ohio.
that's great. My mom called me this morning. I said "I'm supposed to call you!" and we laughed.
Thanks for thinking of me today! Happy Wednesday!!
T-Bone? LOL I wasn't ready for that.
IF the music is Right the sex will be on point !! 10X's Better
Happy 4/20, ladies. How many of y'all still look bad as fuck with low red eyes and the munchies?
jus let me kiss u from head to toe ill make it up to u
No one response me.. Everybody just ignored me here! :/
I prefer pepperoni and bacon. I call that the Infidel Special. Muslims can't eat it and it goes all jihad on my gut.
Good morning, everybody :)
I'm on a boat....take a real hard look at....
Alright, it's official. I need to play football. Just caught a rose that was in 's mouth. It was a good interception.
good luck tomorrow! So happy for you guys (:
I wish they'd invent a vacuum for unwanted periods. Not just children.
Raining so hard, water is starting to back up in the basement!!! YIKES!!!!!
you're welcome :D and hello ;)
lmbo that movie is funny as heck yo hehe
So I really want to buy the Billy Jack CD but don't want iTunes to take a massive cut of the proceeds. Any other options? :)
Predictive Analytics Scientists-downtown Seattle hot opportunity in BIG DATA
I <3 Saturdays , what should I do ????
Romney was the chief executive of the Olympics at one point?!
wut kind of beat u lookin for?
Old National Hwy in College park on sundays be live miss those days
Opening Today in Houston! Elegant Perfection: Masterpieces of Courtly and Religious Art from Tokyo Natl Museum new Arts of Japan...
your note seriously made my night! Love you!
#Avs traded Shattenkirk and Chris Stewart to Blues for former 1 pick Erik Johnson and Jay McClement. Thoughts?
MAYBE I'll break open my Season 1 disc set for my Vancouver flight.... MAYBE.
Nomophobia is literally ‘no mobile phobia’ – the fear of being without your mobile phone. I get that the second my cell isn't in my holster!
already dorkily psyched for the #archives and library tour in two weeks. Tnx Student Archivists for organizing.
YES FLIPCUPS.COM has Rocked the Beer Olympics and Showed the World that we can Drink..Well at least my Teammates Did!!
RT if you think deserves more solos!!!
haha! i love that jacket. i wish it was from the 80's but i bought it online brand new last year.
Gdm twitters up early, y? Had a long night, no goin anywhere today nd to rest
Rob's Thursday tip: Kissing the floor at work will get you sent to Occupational Health for evaluation.
Ireland in Sept for our 5 year anniversary. :). Super excited for that!
Who shares cell phones tho
They should rename the #AMAs 'the show featuring all the over played songs from the past year'
follow back please
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 10
Listening to #Rhapsody while I write... Steely Dan is one of the most underrated bands of all time, IMHO!
Thank you! Can't believe we've been swirling in uptown on for 2 years now!
The game will be at 1:07 pm today!
These fab biz ppl rock my world!
All my South Florida Tweethearts, follow - the newest hotspot in Miami for Thai, Japanese and sushi. DM for VIP info.
Trying to remember what was the last thing I bought on Etsy...
Who occasionally like to participate in ignorant activities because it's in his savannah blood. Lmao
thank you!:)
Just noticed. Patients DO NOT like getting wet. Rain + stretcher =slipping + hills = not so good turnout D:
Drop by our booth now to have Brian Reich sign your copy of "Shift & Reset" then see him present on it at 1:15 in room 211!
Welcome to the team: Anthony Burk, Luis Rincon, Andrea Velasco, Melody Beals, April Henshaw, and Jess Martin
its like a dream and we have good seats! Im kinda like jumpin up and down punchin walls and shit im so EXCITED
The Davinci Virtual Office team is hosting a fun #ironchef competition tonight for our team. What company events do you host?
fine by me :)
Will send a draft over in the next couple hours. Thanks, friends!
yes ma'am I figured as much.
I could not care less about Wrestlemania, but anything that gets Keith David trending is OK by me.
Just make sure you all wash your hands and wear masks! Course that might make the drinking and eating a bit tough. :P
Maybe she keeps a jar in the nightstand.
Last day of #calibconf its been great. Excited for the last round of sessions, then back to work!
The storyline doesn't end here. I don't want it to
the city never sleeps its full of villians and creaps
Huge thanks to everybody who helped make our Charity Days the past 2 weeks such a success. Big hearts help build a better city!
lol you can have some of mine
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother. Proverbs 18:24
Wondering where to eat for lunch? How about in the #firestonedistrict! Can't go wrong with Greek or Irish cuisine!
Prom tomorrow
How much would it cost to have someone play some deep, sexy saxophone music near me everywhere I go?
Yes, but we are not sure where at this point. Best place to guarantee a copy is at www.radiantrecords.com
Taking my parents to the airport ;)
Thanks Mallory! You were great to work with and I know we will film together again someday!
the chocolate one sounds good. *smiles, sipping more cocoa* did u make it?
Haters love me, they're my number 1 fans!
be proud slim,
Golden Eagles manufacture another run and tie the game 2-2 following bunt single, stolen base, groundout and SVA error in the B5.
u will n can be anithing u want jillian u have the look n the confidence to be n do so if is a judge is in the mind well hey go
I have on good authority that when you call up heaven, their hold music is the Boredoms.
The Real Slim Shady was the first rap song I ever memorized.. Lol
you seriously need to come to Edmonton!!
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. ~Harold Hulbert
Writing the #WPSLKC feature right now.
I keep feeling like it's Friday. This is the best day to feel like Friday.
Twitter Poll- Did Paula Deen irreparably damage her brand? Should she lose her Food Network show?
-- Check your DMs. I think you've been hacked.
Pretty cool! Miss America is Miss Wisconsin. Now all we need is a Packer win over the Giants.
Santorum is done.
JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I'D NEVER ACTUALLY FIND IT ON TV, #DUCKDYNASTY!! #quack. It is real!
Cmon Broncos be smart and get DEFENSE!!!!
bout to lay back down for a good hr
ugh, forget it ill tell you tomorrow !
hello friday. i am so glad to see you even if I don't have this weekend off.
now I really called you haha
Thanks! Where did you find them?? I wanna see?? lol!
Merry xmas
Heart test helps in COPD prognosis
I'll ask them if they know B&TEA tomorrow
I am following you.
Yes, we take paypal and credit cards.
I'm at work during those times.....sorry
a bust on your face
I saw heaven when I made sweet love to you
I was on youtube and im like whooooowww she suuuupppper pretty ohmyg she is ss pretty im like i have to follow her.!(:
hey jay
as I said to , I see the point about not many SWC (thankfully) and that you guys are doing a great public service. Tx
>yeah but this position statement won't be fun if I'm tipsy.
And Nick Cave does amazing covers. You've heard his Stagger Lee? Frightening.
I like that -- give 'em the 'rules' *after* they're excited about materials.
So far rossesse has eluded me, but it's definitely on my list. Had a ciliegiolo recently that I liked quite a bit.
Especially when they are teenagers! The fun just never ends and my pockets stay empty :-)
Thank you!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay! Please come back again soon. :D
Bowling for Soup - 1985
You guys are awesome! Love the boxes and the customer service! Thank you.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 16
Today marks the third anniversary of my fourth cousin's sixth anniversary viewing of the 25th anniversary of his first film. Celebrate.
I love #GCMorningDrive! The #Golf Team! You got the little guy with BIG voice, Guy with great hair, and Holly has it ALL!!! :)
Don't you mean Dallas is going to be beaten by MIAMI!!! HAHAHAHAHHAHA
so true!!
Enjoying a legal moonshine of Junior Johnson's, procured from #Binny's...smooth
Robbins Geller announced that a class action has been commenced in the US District Court on behalf of purchasers of Wal-Mart common stock.
Sounds like NYT made mistake in data analysis that led to wildly wrong estimate of % students borrow for college.
i swear this place is like a jason movie lol and awesome bro
#vawine Expo special today: 10% off 3+ bottles, 15% off each case!
Time to get this money today
my back still hurts but I'm still scared to take aspirin incase it thins my blood and I bleed out from my tats.
If Smith doesn't get suspended THEN I'll believe is off his rocker.
No #onthebus tweets?!
He has risen! He has risen, indeed!
right? haha i hit everyone up. what are you doing?
doing what I can.
I need a picture looking out from your dug out.
ANSWER YOUR PHOONNEE
Lol my mom said "I would hate to be ur friend, you too mean & bipolar"
Watching smash right now. Seriously hope I like this show. Real actors. How fucking novel is that!
A Day To Remember today! <333333
On 12-31 major TV ntwrls will honor Steve Jobs - & they should. But will they also honor the 131 #police #lodd?
Cool story! What's the source?
Saturday! What's everyone's plans?
i had a dream about you. you were trying on wedding dresses :P
Jasper - Jacob, imagine you had a box full of beads and dropped them and they all fell, what would you do? I think i would cry
May is for Miracles and you can be a part of it! Visit a Costco, Sam's Club, or Wal-Mart to buy a Miracle Balloon for today!
Exactly, it's a habit. If I won't get my apple, I don't feel satisfied, haha!
I hope Margaret doesn't feel nameless now! ;)
Me and my boyfriend make hand drum songs together, so what? Lol :)
Realized it's getting sticky out again
U R Welcome!!
Thanks It's all about engagement and using the right hashtags! He found me thru a search! Candidates are out here!!!
will definitely be past 7K and probably close to 9 or 10K by the time he returns home. jealous.......
don't worry I'll keep lookin for some
Wow it is a lot to learn with the timeshare industry.
I wish I could be hangin out with Perfectly Cute tonight.... Though now I think I should just call him Mizzy. Hehehe :)
I see the rules but not the nominees or where to vote...forward a link please?
#KONY2012 #StopKony We're changing the way we use social media
(Yana)" jazmen your vocabulary is bro swag and yolo"
On my way to Warren Central <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
April. Best sports month. Without a doubt.
I think so
This week we're sharing the top 40 hits from the summer of 1970. What songs do you remember? Tweet back w/ the hashtag
MONSTER YUM YUM I LOVE THEM MORE THEN REDBULLS EWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!
Going to start listening to the wanted music to start off
We're offered Moet, we don't mind Chivas, wherever we go we bring the monkey with us
nice, i hope you get all hopped up on Coffee for the world's earliest show 6AM! haha
Stop enlisting in the military. Get your college money somewhere else. Being cannon fodder is not a career.
I know that I can't get my head around how much money that is, so much that I used the word "really" twice in that last Tweet.
well once you start listening to sleeping with sirens, never shout never or mayday parade, then well talk(:
Some one take me to kobes. I've never been there in my life. :(
Did you ever hear of moving the tab on a soda can back and forth, repeating the alphabet; what letter it breaks off on [cont]
Just watched "Para vivir" The films ends with a walk down my street. You can see both my car and mailbox. Weird!
cleaning my room (: how Bout you!? Btw I'm Nolan :)
u got my boy fucked up lmao
Preach!! RT : must check out Superchumbo!! at Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas tonight!
damn. That's a classic move by Lahr.
i love JHJR! plays every position RT : They actually miss Jerry Hairston Jr. Can't believe I just typed that.
Renegade by Stixx
I'm good and thanks!
follow a #beauty please?<3
Im. So. Hungry.
Just finished Tamsin by &--my God--it was breathtaking. History, myth, ghosts, an old English house=Perfect on so many levels.
cool head and strong hearts help us to find a truer sense of reality....don't you think?
cus i am
i love you <3.
How you get up on that song?
That was fun!
Hello World!
8 weeks till m family and ST LUCIA! ahh cant wait to hit the Caribbean sand!!
if my mami and the three generations of women who had tvs could do it.... so can I.
0808 madison and followed(:
I LOVE old school music!! It stands for so much
I'm so sarcastic tonight, damn haha
Okay I'm fairly certain I just heard a gunshot outside
thanks to you and your skills!
Just some random jackasses afraid to allow religious freedom
Tired of ham? Don't worry, our hamburgers are 100% ground chuck roll!
dude this chick looks just like Rainbow Brite! I loved her!
Gearing up for workday number two at Marion St. Intergenerational Garden! Join us April 7th at 10am for more food, fun, and #gardening !!
he looks little! Omg! Spicy us freaking manly! Wow! M:-)
A weirdo but I'm rare though.
Hahahahahaha RT : SHIT is about to hit the fan and its ALL MY FAULT...smh
you will never be prepared! :P
aw thank you :p it seems kind of odd, ive never heard of it before but my mom said i should still go for the experience !
Every1 follow Now she is so grand She is So ICONic Shes ICONiclyGRAND ;) follow now plzzz
freed is the best place
in my exp, for short-term absences it's usually the dept they're rotating on, but for long-term it's the dept they're from
already tweeted and join that contest :]
#HeatFanExcuses I knew this one was coming too ": But we lost because no Bosh"
had an awesome thanksgiving with and
Sleep is the best feeling ever, but I hate the process getting there...
Already RT : Thats why he my favorite dj... No homo
Haha have you put your two cents in yet?
Giving the rich more money DOES NOT create jobs. Demand does when lower classes have money. Why hire if you already make profit?
Can someone explain to me how a live tweet session works? I see tweets about them all the time but have never done one-thanks!
RAY RAY
It's been a month since the move and I've just changed my twitter profile location from "Boston" to "on the banks of the Wabash" ...sigh.
GOODNIGHT Y'ALL! <3
Thanks! Gluten free options too :) RT : you should try eating they are so good!!!
Foo Fighters tonight, Mastodon tomorrow, Aesop Rock on Thursday. SOLID!
Was just perusing the vinyl /back bay. Ladyhawke sounded pretty good in the store. Reminded me of Kim Wilde.
Thanks to all of you for your support!!! : you are all amazing!!!
Before motto came out did u think u could live twice?
I am fortunate to not have any AM appointments.
if u look, dress, act like a slore, thats wat ppl will view u as and treat u like.
"We're blaming 'society' yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
WOW I can't believe it's May already!!!!
well it's been canceled.
Thank you so much!
Good luck on your concert tomorrow sweetie<3 I'm sorry I can't be there! I will be watchin online though!:D
How is my freshman year of college alrady over.......
It's the little things that mean so much & have a Big affect on people who can embrace them
inspiration and realisation : Fashion and Home DIY: DIY D&amp;G multi ...
see 127 hours, all you need is some rope and swiss army knife I guess
Had a tasty supper at qualitymeatsnyc.com; it lived up to its name.
watching Source Code to end my evening. Oh Jake please marry me.
that was getting applause during so many scenes. Seriously, I was impressed with it, it's pacing, characters, etc.
Rethuglicans Joe Wilson & Joe Walsh...idiots separated at birth....
i believe that we shouldn't have to print out our work. online sharing and editing are def. preferred AND it's a green practice
i just burnt you a cd with the weeknd's first mixtape on it
old enough lmfaoo
Lundqvist's last save has Kovalchuk talking to himself.
We did a study at my inst and the overwhelming majority wanted to interact AFTER. Experience bears out.
I thought I heard that S bomb.
: wow. very surprised at how much i loved the moviemaybe the key is to go in with low expectations... #breakingdawn TOTALLY!
its actually pronounced Hyena
Started today, thank you!
That's just what I heard...but, I would look at a 48 and a 24 year old a little strange. I'd pat the guy on the back, but not much future.
Missed you brother! Next time we doing family style!
having the same issue
well that's also because I procrastinated a little but I mean it should take me that long! She better give me hours! >:|
Somehow my 9-year-old daughter's arm has been grafted onto Matt Garza for fielding bunts.
Sleep is for poor people...
I feel weird. and not a fun weird.
Don't miss your chance to meet w/ representatives from: & many more @ The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
Let it be known: every form of #coconut is delicious. Good thing I'm a professional schlepper or I'd be pure fat.
content is key, good content brings people coming back to you
food, drinks, t.v., friends, check. Bring on A!
did you roger that? cacacopy cat?
Third Annual South Asian American Art Festival May 1-8, Santa Monica check details www.zanbeelart.com 30 artists over 100 artworks, stunning
Why spend so much time being sneaky and trying to keep lies straight. The truth is effortless.
I didn't get the day off and I am a President... of myself.
Get work on ABC Soap "One Life To Live" - read for CD Sheryl Baker Fisher Tomorrow night.
Ok I'll check it out! Have a great day! :-)
I live in a land of exhaustion. Well met.
why is papa Gomez suffering?? Because the food is healthier ?
Mitt Romney wins the NH primary.
So excited about hitting Tulsa with and of course my lovely wife
Awee you should have added ireland to the poll :)
140 characters per tweet is 136 too many for people typing "moist."
don't get jumped up there.. You know those folks are crazy.
doing ok. How about your guys?
We are thankful for partners like and helping us collect clothes for
Looks like it's going to be a other great day! And have a great Mother Day!!
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well-known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. ~ Fred Allen
All of them -- that's just counting unread.
So happy to be on stage. Getting ready for tech for Glendale Center Theater BEAU JEST
I don't hate breastfeeding. Kid's gotta eat. People can watch murder on television, but get hung up on a boob. That said, 3 is too old.
still trying to work out oc, you have any ppl that r going? If my bros pass, may stay with cousin
Go tribe!
r u upside down in ur pic
I'm getting the shishito bisque
The #knicks could use her. RT : A new New Yorker: this baby girl giraffe born recently at the Bronx Zoo. Very tall....
And now has the 2 bestcommercials.
Shared at activism session: Getting together [, connecting and mobilizing] is a feminist act.
Thanks for the shout out! So much change and the possibilities are endless...
If checked his dm's I'm sure he'd save lives....
RT : A special shout out to the spouses of deployed heroes. They are the strongest men and women in the world!
thanks! i look forward to reading it! (She's a client and she will appreciate it!)
that braves game was ridiculous.
Its enough 2 be hated, but I draw the line @ lying....
Accommodation is when the vertebrate eye changes optical power to maintain a clear image on an object as its distance changes.
Force $hits on reason's back. (aka Might Makes Right) - B. Franklin
[P&I 2012 opening] Asia's largest Photo & Imaging Industry Show to get access ... - Sacramento Bee
cool :D I've only seen snow once.. it was on the side of the highway and there was barely any on the grass.. ):
shame :/ reunite tomorrow.
Crazy night for #Brewers last night. Garth Iorg's wife fell and broke her left wrist and right elbow. Corey Hart's wife hit a deer.
What's with the tear away clothing on #toddlersandtiaras? Was that mess there last season? A dotted line between pageants and stripping.
RT : Super excited to try out the app that I just got! Thanks Jack and the team!
Will you follow me?:D
: They might not have an issue, just might not be logistically possible. (Think a room full of pre-schoolers w/no supervision).
I don't mind if we take our time, cause I'm all yours if you're all mine.
Let's Go Red Wings!
RT : Thank you, Detroit, for coming out and supporting our 1st event, , it was an amazing turnout.
wat u mean by that
We love seeing all the kids and their familys coming from the (CA Railroad Museum). Trains & Ice Cream sounds good to us!
Let's go 10 o'clock I do not feel good rite now
is a Union that's just joined #occupywallstreet !
If you try it, let me know how you like it. Post it if you want to. Super busy/submission process. Sorry about article promised.
Thank you for helping us reach our goal! "2000 Likes" by April 1st!
What our mind places there is far more terrifying than the threat itself... >:)
That is adorable! I'll wear neon just because the puppy is!
Pose a question from the point of view of someone who will not agree and try to answer it.
great idea, just started following you guys :)
guess i didn't get the duck boots memo
lol hey that's stays between you and me.
Sound Familiar about a Marauder Rally deflected shot in front is pulled off the goal line by a CBA defender the heat is truly being applied
I can name that tune in 3 notes!
Sometimes, I wonder...if I would have been a good father...
I like to cruise along with my followers in the double digits. He tweeted my State's Dem party spokesman too.
Im loving this weather! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
(2/2) It's better something well done than well said.
"Institutions do not simply block innovative change . . . they also can, paradoxically, enable change." - on
It's like 110 degrees out here. A great day for a swim and tunes! the return of the coupon. Just type "heatwave" to save $10 on a Shuffle.
Got the best seats!!m
The stage is set for the market swoon. If your not short, get short. If you are short, get shorter. Bumpy next 6 months. Stay tuned.
Selena Gomez Says Her Ex-Boyfriend Made Her Miserable - Gather Celebs News Channel
They include the Transit Connect Electric in late 2010, the Focus Electric in 2011
If I Ever Met Carlos I Would Be So Tempted To Makeout With Him And/Or Grab Him In An Inappropriate Place XD
Sitting at the dr office...again. Hope the baby comes soon!
Disposable income
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
18 episodes later, its safe to say im in love with How i met ur mother.
#edtechnyc : #Education is about learning, which is lifelong, not merely getting a badge.
What If all I wanted for X-mas was to hang with ?
Like the rest of #Milwaukee, powering through today before #Brewers #OpeningDay shennanigans tomorrow!
I didn't like his performance & he looks like he's in pain when he sings!
How's everything?
HA Buffet at Bottoms Up RT : I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
Cole World on repeat
Bryce Harper show
Ready to get my "Praise-ON"!!!! #Movement12 God rocks my socks!!!
Beauty is skin deep. A tattoo goes all the way to the bone. - Vince Hemingson
Sex and the city movie. Yay :)
The weiners circle is the best show ever!
Former #Chief Ray Whitney reached 1,001 career pts tonight. Had a goal & assist in 4-0 win over the Ducks. He's the 79th all-time to 1,000.
Happy Cinqo de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza ALL DAY!!!
Getting ready for today's game!
Middle of February and the are ALREADY after me for season ticket renewal. Oh well. #likeihadachoice #gohawks!
Do you ever wonder why guys refer to us as "bitches" not girls? I can take a wild guess.
What?? No! Sanchez.
nope i promise it wasnt me. hah
Bake sale tomorrow 10-2 right outside Starbucks at Student Center!
Movie selections in the jury waiting room: the blind side & the proposal. what is this courthouse-Sandra Bullock connection?
is this coming sat early member morning?
Dennis Lim is calling DREILEBEN the "film(s) of the year."
You can email me
It's all part of a secret Socialist pact, you know.
i guess, over-confident?
Aww, thanks so much! :D youre too sweet.
'preciate that Dan RT : Happy birthday to my man
We took Pelham by Deadly Avenger - so I love freaking Pandora!!!
Woah. Rocking out on the W rooftop w Flosstradamus & Tommy Lee?
Don't really speak on my day job but gotta train 3 female fit models today ;) they were so #fun &
spontaneous target runs...
what's up with chicago's never-ending boner for rain?
if Mack keeps spending it on absurd ads maybe it's enough
#Spurs to bring out the brooms tonight? I hope so!
Thank you! Glad that you are enjoying the content. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
good luck lol
Keep your vehicle running smoothly. will check & top off your transmission fluid with an oil change.
I've taught games/platforms that I don't know super well. Goes fine if I create "We're all exploring 2gether" ethos.
Will you be our lucky $50 Dibbs winner? Hurry over, like and share our page!!!
Our band Bar Fly- 4 hr a night shows, we book our own gigs, work w/ bookers, run our own pa. Not handed a thing!!! "That" is determination!
happy birthday !!!!! miss you friend!
a little pissed... my screen on my laptop is a cracked in the corner...
Just for back from Wally world!
Hope everyone had a safe holiday weekend, and that all are ready for the New Year!
just bought one of the last jars of Curly Pudding in ATL. No Buttercreme either. Pls make them restock the shelves! ty
Should I include a reference from I Maccabees? I'm getting along with everyone at my new church. Then again, the text is useful
Tonight! : Overkill
You know what's awesome? Not hearing Puddle of Mudd on the radio anymore.
that makes me so happy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
In the past 2 years I have flown approx. 75 flights. I've been upgraded on 3, and only 1 where Atlanta was involved.
I wanna bike.
SPH Dean John Finnegan welcomes those watching online. Where are you tuning in? Let us know!
haha that was me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Brothers coming home from college today! #yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Here's a clue for you : sessions limited to 16 (not 1000). Supervisors love our format, get great music & come back 4 more. xo
Today is #BeyondThudnerdomeWednesday!
u better invite me if u do
Festival announces winners from Cuba and Argentina
Billy Nelson is the reigning USA Champion in the steeple, how is Huling "the best in the US"?
#Sagittarius like to be the first priority. It's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.
I didnt know you had a twitter lol
hey you kelly osbourne , what did you say ah , hey you bitxch gaga is a queen , you say thing idiots ok gaga no have go on the floor ok
But it is funny when it rolls up in the prompter and their eyes grow to the size of silver dollars...
Who else just ABSOLUTELY can not SLEEP with SOCKS ON? O_o :-\ Reply with your comment or "like".
I can't believe you went to Roden Crater. SO JEALOUS! And The Salt Lake is so high this year! I hope the journey is fantastic.
Thank you for the RT. We hope you had a great weekend.
Damn I'm hungry.
Vint Cerf= One of most important issue in parenting today is teaching children how to think critically about what the see and hear.
Prices in farmers market are usually 50% cheaper than those purchased in commercial markets
you hoes know each other?
Haha, I don't think you understand this level of dullness! I'm sorry, for your own safety I can't let you do that. Ha. (:
you are a true global citizen!
- Why homosexuality gets promoted in our schools, why our children never learn about their history, genealogy, and traditions
May is actually national stress month.
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Final addition opens at all-accessible playground in Tennessee
Baby girl, turn me on with your electric feel
Finally thought of a proper business name. I going to let this marinate in my head for a bit before I commit to it.
Trying to find a short story: YA SF written maybe by Yolen, but don't know: woman travels back in time 1000 yrs to plant a folk tale ...
Attempting to ball
I'm gonna get a mac and put stickers on the lid. That's customization!!!
This Philadelphia/cards is the is the least disciplined inning of hitting ever
Believe in miracles
RED because of Austyy (:?
By that logic, reporters should never report on lapses in national security. Yet we do, and it helps make the country safer.
Tyga is so garbage man.
You guys, on a slightly rainy day is the best.
a female rapper lol
Loved the CD
the next few days should be filled with spinning since I can't spin for the next 4 months
Lol, I'm just like... whatever.
Just when we thought it was getting warm for good, a frigid day like today happens!
Thanks for thee follow <U+2665><U+2665>
Exactly what year is North Carolina living in? 1812? I'm shocked at the audacity of people's belief that your life is theirs to run.
Adorama Giant Contest
Was Dire Straits dissing the keytar?
The primary source reader for my survey course has attributed John Adams's "extraordinary code of laws" words to Abigail. GAH.
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 5. Wear helmet - use bike lights 6. Think ahead - Break earlier
hey! Welcome to the jungle!
Beats on. 2k flow. Feeling pretty decent.
Or #Josh He's equally as talented in his own wayRT : melanie amaro is by far the best! Should deffo win
Seriously. #MarcAnthony needs two big servings of Mofongo.
What else did Chris Rock said?
yeah you're right.
Been following Deci for about 15 yrs & SDT is the best theory of motivation (IMHO) out there. Looking into AM & CM for poss PhD.
We are working late tonight! We are open till 9! Don't wait to come get those last minute finishing beauty touches for the new year!!
"To be in time means to #change." - CS Lewis
On my way to Reno...for some rest and relaxation. Wish me luck in my gambling efforts!!
EXACTLY. "Hey guize i met juz10 4 teh 2542523rd time!!1!" "Okay that's nice." it's annoying. it hurts us who haven't.
no lie, itd be me you jeremy kyle matt andrew as the guys on our survival team
love you andy 1001
Yeah! Let's call it Club Seal!
#FF Students looking for spring internships -
beyond tragic!
What questions do you have about US Dept of Ed Waivers? Ask them now using #edwaivers and get them answered starting at 11:30 EST!
of course, we are VERY precocious.
Beautiful response to question of why she dislikes technology.
Anyone who has an eye for art let me know cause I wanna see ur work!
Listening to the strength to survive album all day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> #love <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+270C>
Totally fine with Kim winning. Deserved it compared to the rest of the bunch. I'd like to see her do an All-Stars against better competition
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Ironically, it's the same time for me
the DAVID commercial is even creepier on the TV. #Prometheus is going to be pretty cool
What does victory feel like? Finding the fam on page 35 of 42 in the 1940s Census on
#Chorizo related tweet. WHAT FUN!
tell him its for a really special person haha
cuzzo u make me sick
FYI stop by our curling demo and give it a go. We'll be in Super Bowl Village near the zip line.
your account is seriously hacked or something
Man I wanna be the he calls his wife
Sensing this day, like any moment can be one of: re-creation & renewal.
Ten years from now, will the Broncos regret adding Manning and dumping Tebow? This decision way more risky than Elway and Co letting on.
Just heard "dental care" by and it reminded me I need to reschedule my dentist appointment tomorrow. Thanks!
For most men, life is a search for the proper Manila envelope in which to get themselves filed. ~ Clifton Fadiman
: thankfully its back on. watching with packed house in Portland
Celeb/Company Owner? Too busy 2 manage your social networks? Social Network Media Management. Email me
you wanna oovoo in a little!?
Hey babes RT : Where my buddy at
Lol everyone wants to have the upper hand
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha Wisconsin on the 14th at Dukes Country Saloon!
“: have fun!”thanks Tracy!!
we like the sound of that RT : It's #CincoDeSporting pun time:
aw why?!
#turbo #piyo #hustle=
I have sticky notes that match noelles plates!!
Debut CD is going to press. I'll have 1,000 of them in hand in about 4 weeks.
Hey Vastu!!! Hope all is well.
Full court killa.
Guy running runs into a branch. Said branch hits him in the eye and takes out his contact. What are the chances of that happening?
Anyone who tags me with a picture of a shoe, hacked or not, is dropped as my "friend".
So whats everyone think about peyton manning being a bronco!?
I might be going crazy cause for this girl i'd do the most
Oh boy, oh boy! RT : Word on the street is that they made a sriracha vodka.
DAMMMiT the #Bulls blow.
Can't wait to see in full makeup tonight... cloned!
how are you gonna ask me to follow you if you're not even following me lol!!
Yes--and mine just took me into unfamiliar waters. A lot of research is in my future. Enjoy!
2 hour delay!!!
I went home in 2nd period.
Loving Florida found a beautiful house in a beautiful hood lol.
He love it when I sing to him .
AARON RODGERS MVP!!!!!! Best quarterback in the league, better than tebow, manning, brees, brady and any other quarterback
Advice: Do a little research before buying into Invisible Children's Stop Kony media campaign.
he's great. Come see gaslight at the Roxy on may 18. He'll be there too.
Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by At @ Island Cafe 829 Upshur St
Super enjoyed the game design panel featuring That woman never disappoints!
a kindred spirit!
As I wait for 's train to arrive, I am reminded of how humbling it is to make out at your parents house past the age of 30.
..ok ok, I'll give u a min then.. Lol
Breaking news, Roger Goodell suspends the Metta "Ron Artest" World Peace for a year from the #NFL for his hit on James Harden
OMG that's even worse! I'm just an hour away! Ugh such torture!!!!
yay! Congrats! Where at?
im already tryina put out the tracks i got for my mixtape lol. but were all gonna have to wait
Hi! I'd like more info on your tours, but I can't seem to find it anywhere. Any chance you have a link with info? Thanks!
Starting to get used to seeing theKC Royals and Texas Rangers jogging on my sidewalk! Love spring training time of year!!!
Happiness is having a TARDIS phone charm that spins & lights up when you have incoming mail & messages. A gift from a great colleague.
u going to disney
So good to hear! I can't wait to be here just for fun. :-) Things are great! Can't complain. How are you doing? Date soon?
Baha! Luv it! QT : I am starting a write-in campaign for your cat for learner "little helpers" at home!
I wanna slap that bitch that posted something on your wall. I hope she knows were talking or I can tell her too.
Heard of "flash projection" advertising? A bright light sears a logo in a viewer's vision and it lingers even if you close your eyes. Um..
exactly, my daughter didn't play today so tomorrow should be great. Like you said a new day
let's do this! Where?
Yes it is. Precisely "pretending that one knows less about something than one really does" to deny the obvious.
Very sexy :)
Just started a street team and super excited!
waitaminutethere... where are you looking where you'd need to post your resume, mister??
"A Goal always leads to Gold. Thats way its important to have one!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
Can't wait for Austin!!!!
please come back this summer! we can hold our breaths all we want :)
Present RT : had to unfollow some people RT if you want me to follow you again if i accidently unfollowed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I'm so lucky I have such a nice life.
Some "Most interesting man in the world" ads are funny. The latest Cinco de Mayo one, meh, not so much.
the run improves with time!
Thank you for your constant support Peter. I'm really looking forward to
guess I'm going to drag show tomorrow night with the family...should be interesting
Driving around #brickell blasting Niggas in Paris with = #priceless lmao
Bynum a little cry baby man. Always complaining when he don't get the rock.
Happy BDay Good to connect
send me your email I can get you the description tmrw when I am back in the office !
Its only Tuesday ...
Wal Mart is giving out knives to those who are 21 years of age or older. Is that safe? Haha
#YouCuteAndAllBut Beauty doesn't matter. What's on the inside counts. So if you're a snobby bitch, just keep on walkin'. Keep on walkin'. :3
I could watch videos of our National Championship dogpile all day
Damn, but I hope you're right RT What I tweeted is my personal opinion.. I am just as clueless as y'all...
Tanks man!
Awesome! It's so great! I was impressed with the locations that were on there that I thought were hidden gems!
Cereal before bed>>>>
but then again...who doesn't?
The Burnie Thompson Show thanks for the chance to chat! It was a pleasure!
just wrote a new scene to introduce the character "Jared" being played by !!!
Let the mooning war begin.
Just got back from Denver it is hot as hell here!!
sorry dude
I'd be honored! Doing so even now.
sleeping is the last thing I need at the moment and it is the only thing I can do!
Print on both sides of paper to conserve our trees
I cant wait till tomorrows over just so i can relax
making girls ovaries explode since 1994.
Thanx! To all the ppl who been followin me
Let them say what they want. Your actions speak louder than their words.
I'm going to try and thwart you more often.
*I'm* freaking out and running in circles!
I've never done presale before! I'm nervous!
hold off all day?
Theives Grotto pics and a live video of "My Mind" from the show will hopefully be up tonight. Stay tuned for the Allston Pudding write up!!
Ok, well then SOMEONE ordered them wrong...
Geez I hate how every has migrated from Facebook to twitter
Who do you think is sadder right now, Apple freaks or Conservatives For Palin ()?
recorded Mele Kalikimaka with the family last night. You have any good Christmas tunes on uke?
Me: Heyy(: Friend: hey ... BITCH WHERES MY SMILEY FACE!!! :/
umm... Let me think about it
You've got to check out the awesome new printer in town: Give 'em some serious #FF love.
Official says George Zimmerman to be charged with 2nd-degree murder of Trayvon Martin; Zimmerman is in custody
Yo & ... Team "Will Run for Cupcakes" for the win?!?!
opens in october. Thanks for the love
Wow. I'd like to know more. Will you post it up online in the future Lea?
Frankie's lame -.-
The weather is right.... your dog wants to come in to Lofty Dog and see us today!
Oh, Burlington, IA. I've missed you.
My Son Just Busted My Lip. Happy Birthday Mommy :).
Yeah :D I <3 To Draw :P I Love Drawing Flowers :) I Like Drawing Roses/Daises :) They're My Fav. Flowers :D
I lv Oprah! I dream of working for her in Chicago of course :)
Keep us updated... plz..
awww <3 hehe..and lol my best friend in like real life is a ginger through and through just saying..:)
Aimee Bender is grading her papers in Westwood!
has a hankering for Afternoon Lemon Tea. Why don't I live in Japan anymore? (o _ o ),
My neighbor just hit on my mom oh dear what
MT: Get well soon Vin! Legendary Hall of Fame announcer Vin Scully is resting at home w/ a bad cold and will miss
This bus driver knows what he's doing in this #snow!!
Pal, why don't you stop trolling and read me on
Welcome to our team Nicole Moen, and Patrick Watson!!!
follow back?
could we still get autographs or pictures even if we didnt get vip tickets?? Because I made braclets for all of u
I really hope to fulfill the only plans I made for today, to eat Indian food and drink a ton of Icee.
So I've come to terms with the fact that I currently don't have a choice on going to sleep any earlier than 1:30 am..
LA is not the same without you...welcome back!
Yep, good PC + NAACL should be very strong this year. 8pp long papers, 4pp. short + positions papers too.
I was just writing with a purple pen, and thought I smelled grapes!
Nadal v Djokovic has been great.
I advise my peers & family to not mess with me tomorrow. Returning to school + lack of sleep = cranky.
going to mall...and go shopping...woohooo.....christmas is coming and alot of gift to be given......heheh
what Up Homie?We in Arizona Recording.So bless to be In this position.Much love From this camp
Thanks for the follow Tom :)
we'd rock them!
Every time I eat somethin greasy I get a headache and that bacon was TOO greasy n my head is throbbing smh
Shoutout to central time. Im anhour late to wacth the game
David Guetta's songs >>
Of course I was also in a school of 1500 people before online learning existed. I thrived in that close knit environment.
Watching some clips from 'I Love Lucy'- what a lovely doll :-)
O Lord, Vroman's -- probably what I miss most about life in LA County -- they are going to adore you there.
it really does!
He messeged me back on time on myspace :) and was gona come! ": What happen to that dj Charlie star guy? He was cool :0"
... and have my handwriting on the board
I know who I am
omg me too !
This is much more about Molina than Garcia.
21 on Monday, can't wait!
Just had lunch with and the boys and now waiting for the cast and crew of to show up.
90% of people get a chance to see their BF/GF every day. 10% Has to wait till a specific day to see them. Yeah I'm part of the 10%. :(
I agree it's not really creative, we could incorporate something else. I just thought its a good way to get everyone involved
Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! I was blessed with the best. :) #loveyoumumzy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
When your stuck at home
RT : I'm back! I can't believe that upshaw is still on the board
thanks for the follow. Awesome band sound.
Who slid last night & gained a follower?
now that's a good one.
So I was @ West High earlier today. Felt good being able to help out students that are struggling. One I helped in math, seemed to got it :)
Yaaay set up my standing closet successfully with the roomie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The DC Fair Budget Coalition came to the Wilson Building.
“: I'm rooting for you Bergman!”.
sure why not!
Why would any follow someone that has never tweeted anything? I just don't get that?!?!
ready for the weekend. Any good things happening to people?
22 milezzz away. You're in the wrong state. Get yourself a new map.
Watching a documentary about the sword. Goatees and robust pot bellies seem to be standard equipment of the modern enthusiast.
I swear you two are one in the same.
That happens to me when I'm at school
Teach me how to dougie
. You're welcome Chris. Glad you like it. There will be many more at #CelebrateAU on Monday.
no i cant delete my twitter shit.
"baby you light up my world like nobody else" .x
Just finished TYE and have pages of notes & ideas. Thank you for sharing your passion and perspective!
what up!!!
"A NO uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a YES merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble" -Ghandi (the manager?)
Thank you all for a great game and a great season!
How high is Bill Walton?
It's almost time! Great food by Spoon & co and cookies by our own Natalie Mathis, (too delicious for words.) Be there, 6pm!
Boneshaker will be closed tomorrow. Happy Labor Day!
atty Alex Schimel: #Florida must act to protect unadopted children
apparently, i have alot of softball probz.
No Matter What.... Beliebers Are Unstoppable
thanks for follow!
happy and healthy New Year to you and your family! Love you show waiting for 1am, when c2c goes on! £> Fran and Jimmy Russo
never fails to blow my mind with his freestyles, watched it so many times but it never seems to get old!
that's my study hall, you can chill with me... If you want
It's so nice not to have a mouse that double clicks every time you click once!
THIS IS MY 3,800th TWEET. Cool right?
my teeth hurt
Are these blitz rules now?
I just wanna hide in a hole & never come back out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hey, Ann Curry, just want to take a moment to let you know I've always admired your reporting. Keep up the great work! You rock :)
Serving up fun in Oklahoma & Kansas 2 ways or take your pick or may we suggest...both!
Tenacious D with a new album? Say word.
At the end of a long weekend, the only decision left is which novel to re-read in bed tonight.
Drama in Meridian Hill Park. Let the drumming begin Park police
good morning, tweeters!!! it's a beautiful hump day! give thanks and make it a great day!!!
it's weird to notice that it's mostly the guys in the design session voicing their thoughts, and women just listening
why ? lol did you get on ?
Tried 2 tell her
Thank you : ) RT happy birthday!!!
Sidewalks are ways n-1 people wide
Ooh - good call!
You're so thoughtful I love that about you
Hey TY 4 being the 1,000th follower ... never announced a gift but when we meet up... show u r Mr. F. & have a Free "Nate" Dog
Hi! Didn't you used to be in Tucson? (Because I'm in Tucson right now.)
MT Yay! #ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAG-AFTRA Merger Ballot ready to mail Monday. Of course I voted "YES"....
the guy in the elmo costume looks like he's high.
“When someone else makes a mistake it is their responsibility to correct it but it's your responsibility to handle how you feel about it.”
en club penguin
I don't mind some tv talk; esp. about great shows or in ways that are revealing about the person. But many bores ONLY talk tv.
uh ? SO Lol I Was Tired And It Was A Early Day , My Mom Didnt Make Me Go Lol
cause i am issues ? Makes no sense
Matt Barnes
199 followers... who will be our 200th? (We're tweeting daily about new, open research from #Columbia - who WOULDN'T want this prize?)
AWSOME SHOW LAST NIGHT!
RT : I can't sleep. I'm too excited and nervous for tomorrow. This is crazy. So weird and cool.
Can't wait for my jimmy johns right now haha
When I saw that yours was a Kate Spade phone, I looked on Amazon to see if she had other cute ones. She did, a whole bunch.
Need a #craft buddy! Prepping #favor orders tonight...maybe a little pick me up will help!
me too!! What would you rather be? A vampire or werewolf? I'd wanna be a werewolf aka 'wolfgirl'
love you
Text me back, dude.
Serious question the GOP needs to ask itself—when was the last time our party enacted positive, forward-thinking social legislation?
Thank you for the RT
My son decided I'd only do a 30min #writingsprint. Got 3pgs. Let me know how you do.
For the state of Kentucky shit just got real!!!
Just saw a guy that looks like he walked out of an episode of Mad Men. Maybe he should calm down.
Thanks! Love how we share the same goals to inspire change! We can def help each other out.
THERE HE IS
I am having the same issue. :-[ sucks
ok, great! It's a "he", will introduce you via FB.
All for the re/cession/covery-friendly price of THREE DOLLARS!
The pope should hang. If there's any justice in the world, the pope should hang.
It has now become a feat task to find a job in the field of Information Technology, the reason behind this is the increase in competition.
Thanks for the event you created on FB for this Sat 5/5
As life goes on, it still sucks. i dont know what 2 do. my hearts broke and as people make fun of me at school, they dont even Know what
I'm a slytherin!!!!
Going to bed.... goodnight :)
They're 6 feet tall, have airplane wings, and make it their business to enchant soccer players, apparently!
JB please... follow me
optimiZation is spelled with a Z people... NOT an S. Thanks... You have now learned something for the day!
Thank you to all of you who have been following & enjoying the info provided. I will continue to do so as I can. Pls let others know also.
BOX OFFICE MONDAY: Not surprisingly, THE AVENGERS once again took the top spot this weekend, followed by DARK SHADOWS. What’d you see?
Tonight - Name That Riff sponsored by PBR @ McGreevy's Boston! 8:30PM - 10:30PM Tons of free prizes! See u tonight!
Just put a full tank of gas in my car and now I can't afford to do anything except stay at home.
Love it ! And , I've not seen Multiplicity. Just looked it up. I won't want Andrew to fall for another me...
Hi! Check out He's raw but in the best possible way. See you at #FranCamp!
Yay now my taco's gone. -___-
Remember Kiel as a fan favorite and some after a rough preseason for Favre were calling for him to be QB
I have a feeling I'm going to make out this school without getting into a fight. too many ducks at this school
Thank you
Just got my stats exam back, I puff puff passsssedddd it
Larry Carroll - made my first semester at awesome...and of course YOU, Wish I cd go back..
How are you Aunt Lisa?(:
Hangin with the big brother tonight!!! I missed you Devyn!
aww lol :) I looked black at some points growing up
You're the only one who can ever calm me down. I love you.
I'm focusing on the positive here!
BACON bacon BACON bacon BACON bacon
I hate when i get that text..
Carmelo is ridiculous
unfortunately in my neighborhood Starbucks is as local as you get.
that's what i thought. i'm expecting to see a large assortment of endorsement deals coming up...
lol french montana
thanks! I'm very glad you enjoyed it. What was your favorite part?
Great turnout for initiation! Good luck to all the new members, and I'm proud to be will all the new officers!
hahahaha my mom said you're gonna have to learn to be made fun of if you plan on surviving this vacation
RT : The best way to go to couples counseling is alone.
I'm ready to go home
Happy New Year 2012 Jamie
Maybe you could. With the right team...
Wow now I feel really bad about the survey we gave to her about her teaching skills....
I don't even have balls.. We nuggets have no genitals.
Leave them out.
Best fucking thing ever: the Chuck Norris plugin for Jenkins.
Two weeks until I finish insanity and move to the asylum. Why do I have to sacrifice sanity for a six pack? Don't care. Koo Koo crunches!
Exercise Benefits Breast Cancer Patients
Morning People! Doin Some Laundry And Then Im Gonna Go Make A Vlog Later!
I poke holes in my parents condoms so theres someone else to do the dishes. ;3
I am _______ fill in the blank LmaoRT : I'm tryna _____ ( fill in the blank)
You walkin in a fashion show, or what?
I'll come to the north side. I'm down with that. I've never got drunk on the north side before.
Long day! Acupuncture time!! :)
chael sonnen just killed it on the #smackoff! NBA players only taking turns with Kim Kardashian!
Opening day, Saturday. Your fish is waiting in Oneida Co.
ah thanks girl :) I'm so excited to have FREE time.
keep them coming..love them
: Happy Birthday Shelly-Pooh . Love you .
What I'm taking now: Carlson cod liver oil, Sprouts ultimate multi, Carlson Vitamin D gems, Traditional Medicinals dandelion root tea.
Open Hack this week, Dec. 15, 8PM, 120 W. North Ave., Baltimore (the usual). All are welcome.
Couldn't have picked a better night for Moonstruck to be on tv.
Remember when Disney channel actually had good tv shows?
tells HS students that w/ FB and Twitter: "You're not going to be able to hide from each other" Asks: Does that affect behavior?
How is that even possible?
#HappyNationalAgnesMonth Be aware everyone, March is the time for the agni!
What you guys did to my eyes...should be done to everyone else in the world
Try living in Minnesota while being the messenger.
na, time to move on. its rather boring now...
I don't know what that is CullyBear...
When networking, differentiate yourself from your competition. What makes you the best?
you gave me two, i lost one and that was what... a month ago...
RT : I'm wearing you to run 35 miles on my birthday tomorrow. Please propel me and #35for35 GET IT!
Sucks the arena's close tomorrow but ran some good games today
You comin down off shrooms? That makes me cry sometimes. Keep your head up and smoke some weed.
It Never Over Until It's OVER..
he's a "rapper" from Atlanta.
Justin box is my one person to text me
its going to be a fun night, is back, have tons of PBR left
*Raises hand* <U+E012>
my roommate thinks that drinking flat pop isn't gross.
Hey ! I want to win Jill Stuart makeup!
Hi Adrianne!!! I'm guessing that you're not the biggest fan of the POTUS-
Ditching Milton (Cutlass Supreme) & walking to school :-).
If you're in a bad marriage and tripping with your wife then yes.
GOOD LUCK we love you
I'd hate to be the poor bastards who paid through the nose for tonight's #DJ3K delay
Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two (err for now anyways.) tomorrow is chapter three starts!
Is hiring?
Then my mission is accomplished, O nemesis. ::evil laughter::
This is a test
I just combined 4th-order ngrams of Canseco and Zizek. Sorry about the mysteriously abrupt and destructive wind storm.
I think I'm addicted to painting my nails.
What to do on a hour train ride to Chicago? Jam to some Jonas, One Direction and Big Time Rush is what you do!
Every night before I go to sleep I think about you, us and how much I love you <3
She has so many questions about
If you come against me you're suppose to lose.
.: "So what are you guys up to later? Is there a football game on?"
yes Gwyn looks amazing! Tom Ford always does me good
Chipotle, Thai Tom, Schultzy's, Sweet Iron, Specialty's (U Village), Chaco Canyon...
Looks like I'm switching rooms again.. because I don't trust this nigga
Cinco de Mayo calls for breakfast tacos
lol we listen to music, make prank call, eat junk food, braid each other's hair and PELLOW FIGHT! :D
you r beautiful..
Early morning oil change in 18 minutes. I like it.
sometimes being in the beer community is like being in a soap opera. there's only so many people. don't be jerks, you guys.
"Life IS Downton Abbey." - Pam
It's not really resentment for the love we offer. It's an expression of the loss of our self that we sometimes feel.
We just want to take a moment to wish all our buddies luck this weekend at New England Metal & Hardcore Fest! Tear it up!
When they say "High level piping & garnishing skills" do they mean eating piped and garnished cupcakes? Because then I'm a shoe-in
Holy shit stackhouse still in nba?!
#Romney was a bully? Really? That's so surprising. I thought he was just the kind of guy who fires you or turns you down for a loan.
Here I am!
so when are you moving to LA again?
the motive should be health.
It really is! Added bonus: it's pink.
So this guy i use to like has a girlfriend now but he looks at me all the freaking time. Ha sucks to be him cause im not easy.
BLUEWAFFLE LOL ;) IM KIDDING Lol you know i love you
Jut saved $70 on underwear at Kohls
New Mexico St win tonight and were off to the big dance once again!!!!!
looking 4ward! RT : MT : more patient perspective at 2012
it's insanely hot and sunny up here today. Kill me.
A scribe just spontaneously appeared in my office. I've asked him to make me another iPhone from only the materials on my desk.
yeah right! nice tweet, and they also check on the quality Ron RT : What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy...
Almost want to say "jumped the shark," but the episode as a whole was so hilarious I'm holding back.
Want to know more about Kona Coffee? Meet up with growers from Mama's 100% Kona Coffee 7am at Keauhou Bay Coffee Co. on Saturdays.
What's your favorite sex toy?
indded I am am! Also thanks for the great products
the explosions are what got me...so funny..
Ugh wit this heat the blue line gonna smell like ass n arm pit :/ ugh
yes. Still beer and people left.
A sure way for people to self deport! : Gingrich: "I would close the border and open my marriage."
Is going app crazy on her bb!!
long day, short class. lots of library today.
Blues on NBC Action News tonight at 6! Also, touch tonight at SM East at 6:30 so come get a run in!
Not seen by me thx to a channel outage on ! RT Wow. That goal by Cisse was __!
HA! Yes, it seemed Google was very confused... for a second... I think that piece now resides poolside... bit.ly/qJRk6n
Was I wrong for thinking Mike Bibby would make more of an impact with the Heat, not defense, but at least knock down some threes
tarting a business entails a huge financial risk. Determine what can you lose and how much you are prepared to risk for your new business.
I never saw that movie, so I never would have got the reference, nice.
What are you going to do with ALL those posters in your room from your mahomies?
Thanks for the RT!
200 followers!!! A small milestone I know, but still exciting!!
FOX NEWS TODAY: "Energizer Bunny Arrested, Charged With Battery!"
All ready to go out for a run. Why didn't someone tell me it was raining? Now what.
Good! You?
My dear followers,pleasse follow my back-up Thank yall!lav yah!
Don't mean to be rude Just escape her clutch for a little bit Don't have to say a word It'll be our little secret (;
so we got McDonald but then we were still hungry so then we got taco bell and you know me I payed in change.
Follow me Year-long experiment in social media for sustainable farm raising pastured chickens and eggs.
Is it just me or is the #LPC12 Biennial getting more national press than the #ndp leadership race? No, it's not just me.
6 hours with 30 plus females is never ok...
Why Has Sonic Run Out of Steam?
Jesus to rocked the house today! We killed the stage tonight....!!
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck
O-line? What is is this you speak of?
kool aid and frozen pizza :p
Long exhausting day thus far but i love every second of it
To die would be and awefully big adventure
Deep Gold releases in Philippine Theaters nationwide today, August 31, in 3D! To all Filipinos in the Philippines, see you at the theaters!
It amazes me how many people have public posts saying things that should not be public information.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Simple BBQ Sauce 4.13 / 5 Stars | 12 Reviews by Karen Bronson "The name says it all. This tasty and different sa
yes which is why I'm hoping I don't have to lol
Check out our carpet, upholstery, tile & grout cleaning specials for the month of July on our site www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I'm upset about the game but more upset about North Carolina.
In the Bay workin on the site where you can check out the beats. Hit me up if you still interested in beats. Got a few that GO
Why was Rose in up by 12 with one minute left?
Early day again, its frriday only one more left, round six. Lego!
I would like to talk to you about a front-end development lead opportunity. DM me or tweet me a direct contact for you. Thanks!
When is your big day?
Way too many choices of awesome things to do tonight. I hate running around, but I hate to miss so much greatness too.
This is my first tweet.
I would watch the Clippers/Spurs but Im rewinding the Heat Game to see LeBron miss free throws.
Game of Thrones. Heroes. Eastbound and Down. Prison Break. Dexter. Weeds.
(Samuel Butler) The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
#FACT.....SINGLE....NO KIDS...WHAT MORE CAN I ASK FOR...LIFE IS TOO GRAVY!
Listening to Hurricane by Panic! At The Disco <U+2665>
If sex with 3 people is called a threesome, and sex with 2 people is called a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome. lmfaoooo
Lanes shut down on I-77 South at mile marker 99 (Greenbrier Street). Be prepared to stop as you approach this area!
Hey girlfriend!
WTF is on CN right now?
Well Mother Connie the time is just about here and you can buy all you want for $1.00. Makes wonderful gifts.
Sometimes I really wanna say to some people, "wtf is wrong with you?"
Shout out to my 400th follower!! I appreciate it.(:
Ayyyyy Big Deasyyyyyyyyy You already know bro, you gotta get out here to visit me
Blazers assistant donates 2 lower level tickets to tonights playoff game to - auction on 3-6 pm on 95.5FM
Ty - Would you be interested in doing an interview with the Denver Twitter Examiner over Twitter?
Listening 2 men construct the new part of the office around me is pure comedy. One guy keeps yelling "bastard!" followed by a dropped object
strawberry/banana smoothie would be great!
Is Popovich missing the last two games like a vacation for him? Or is that considered sabtical leave?
More energy is needed. Any suggestions?
Maybe we should all start singing Christmas Caroles?
We've lost the guy who makes lacquers! If you see him send him our way.
We just sent all rescuers outside the US a special grant for $1,200. This grant is made possible by a generous gift from an anoymous donor.
thanks for the tweets. Kyle and Lucas are great Pros down at Heartland. A steal of a deal.
Not that sad that 'we're all infected' just means we'll havta change our burial traditions
i care so much...
I really can't stand when people live-tweet tv shows/sporting events/hanging out with their friends.
Anyone know of good source that asks: Is it better to be immersed completely in L2 to learn it (no L1), or to reinforce learning w/ L1?
I HATE WHEN A NIGGA UMBRELLA FLIP IN DA FUCKIN RAIN SON!....SMH BE MAKIN A NIGGA LOOK RETARDED
Need to move the slide and swingset from the backyard to the garage, err university. Got offers extended to the dog and goldfish as adjuncts
I have an extremely low A and I just don't give a fuck, I have a research project in english and I don't wanna do two at once
what a dick! We need to send him a scarlet "A." Good ridden to your ex. You're a great lady and so much fun! Miss you a ton!
#OOMF Has an amazing ear for music.... :)
HELL YEA INDY I GREW UP OUT THERE represent!
nyc summer yes?
we got A Chicken...youll have the whole chick pin on your asses! lmao!!
All we do smoke & fck!
if those two get together i might die of laughter.
My goal is to have a job by the end of the month :)
Can't sleep...too many vodka redbulls tonight. Maybe I should cut back, maybe I shouldn't.
It is going on until 10am tomorrow!
I might throw a party when he finally retires. Seriously can't stand that guy.
no pressure...but it may be written soon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN I LOVE YOU <33333 HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY POSSIBLE
and right now you're probably so damn close you can taste. one dream. one shot. chase it.
We hope you are enjoying your Labor Day!
Either you like bacon or you're wrong.
4 on 4 should be better than that piss....
I'm a true #Bulls fan but I never want to see anyone injured. I don't care who it is.
thats good to hear! my day was good. i went to the beach by my self and listen to R&B Music. I have my secret spot i go to.
i agree lol
ok, I will go along with it...but burns a little.... Let's go Flyers.
“The Devil Inside” is a creepy exorcism documentary style film. Based on a “True Story” Story wise, it’s nothing we haven't seen before.
thx for follow too :)
thanks for the follow
Count me in as on the #bunnyhugger side, though I'm afraid Mr. Melton might still need a little help with the definition of "archaeology"
Good sex can fix a bad argument, but it doesn't cure a bad relationship.
Happy Saturday #RVA! What are your plans today?
FUCKING SO MANY A's
Get a 20% discount on Unlimited and Premium upgrades with the promo code cbturkey11 through the weekend!
Thanks for sharing the #SMBAustin news - hope to see you on the 22nd!
Join Figment 2010's (all) volunteer planning team! Come to a meeting on Mon 1/25 at 7pm. RSVP info [at] figmentproject [dot] org for address
Thank you! Unless supermarkets start asking us for massive bagels, we'll be keeping it real with normal sized ones
#CyberMonday is here at last! Who found some amazing online deals today?
A taste for pain with a side of self-loathing.
You and the rest of the panel on CNN do a great job of analyzing the GOP race. We all appreciate the long nights you put in!
tell me bout it ctfu! and happy bday early by the way!! u could come visit every once in awhile #feelinneglected lol
"When chopping herbs, toss a little salt onto the cutting board; it will keep the herbs from flying around."
Watching Face Off with Raven and Kevin Sullivan. About the 6th time I've watched it. Still entertaining as a mofo.
Love this pic!
i once tried to figure it all out too, but, damn it, i got scooped by arthur stewart at the new york herald.
Don't believe everything you think
RT : The feeling you feel when you feel that your going to feel a feeling that you've never felt before.
Records/songs live forever!
Having a dream*
Year of the Dragon! Let's hope it brings some luck!
Remember that showering after #sex does not prevent the transmission of any
These talks >>>
this week just cant get any better.
sorry & I bailed after dinner but Ryan had to lose $ before bed.
what? i thought they were winning?
Setting Up a Garage Sale by Anna Marie Bowman
still telling any and every dog store that will listen about our incredible dog treats!!
Why cant call me maybe be 45 minutes long? I'm tired of clicking replay on YouTube.
I love and miss you too! & alright! Too excited! (:
Naps fuking ruin your sleep cycle.
Thanks!! You've been a great supporter!
Good morning!! Happy Easter everyone!.. Have a great day!!!
That goes for everything.
Goodnight everyone
We've got a winner! #OKSTATE wins the #BedlamBaseball tournament.
oh I'm not sure. You can call up the venue tho. Im sure they know! LOL
Well shit, at least you tried.
So, does this mean that the price of an iPad2 will drop to around $199 or so? Please?
Are you giving Romney as much hell as the president? :)
Lo siento, tengo que irme, llego tarde. / I am sorry, I should leave, I am late
.: for years the state had not been doing what it should have been doing...microcosm of deterioration of state gov overall
am38G that sounds awful. Vanillia whey, oj, strawberries,banana ,and blueberries. Some ice and blend. U outa try
#FF Part 7: sorry for the misspell
nice and classy
I wish you would finally take care of me and be stronger than me and be there for me. There are still decisions you know.
She said thank you!! :)
Props to all of our soldiers and leaders that have lead us to this victory
Thanks so much for the follow back <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Let me guess, it's a "Jump To Conclusions" App?
WHO WANTS A SHOUT OUT FOR TODAY FIRST GO FOLLOW .. IM CHECKING...
and copy cat was amazing just like every episode!! Shake it up is like my fav show!!!! :);):);)
Nonalcoholic baileys coffee drinker? Wtf is the point?
Thank you! Yes, I think it will be really interesting! I hope #SPNHC was fun!
You make us all laugh too Louis! Lovin all of your tweets today :) Can't wait to see you guys in Columbus next year!
thanks! No worries I'm sure I'll be better in no time.
My hamsters had babies -___-
RIP MS Etta James. Though u r gone your music lives forever!
follow my artists
isn't this why you're moving to lkv? Focus on good things
Duhh I told you I was gonna do it! Lmao
Thanks for making me smile lmao!!!
oh how we have missed the food tweets David! :)
I believe that is why people say you should not go
RT : makes all the right moves! RT Lin moving to D.Lee's apt in White Plains;Avoids NYC tax 3.875% on wages
X 2 Business Analysts needed –NYC - Immediate start top $ Analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve business process. …
Seems like we're in a hurry to be named a victim of one kind or another.
Also,@ CSK Book Awards Breakfast, Walter Dean Myers,YA author extraordinaire, will be honored for his lifetime achievement!
Exactly. And I'd never do that.
RT : "Fat Bottom Girls" & "Bicycle" were on the same Queen album. Coincidence?
#longhotsummer by Keith Urban is playing on the radio. Will summer get here already?!?!?
RT : Reg Foster: Sustainability is really just long-term planning. So of course it's essential to your business
#HappyMothersDay to every mom and grandma out there
looking forward to it jennifer. Sorry to miss.
had the same issue, runs great now! Are you in?
Had a Vanilla Tea Latte from Kind Grind in Santa Cruz, CA! Kept me happy all the way to Salinas! The view of the ocean didn't hurt either!
getting ready
What show should I #netflix instantly next??
Love!!! You should listen to cover of Billie Jean too:)
Blech... Got a sunburn from the pool party I went to yesterday. :P
Guys if the first round of flirts didn't work for you, leave us alone. If we said no the first time, we will the 2nd and 3rd. #nomeansno ugh
": consider it done! :)" yay! : ) so are ther manu courtneys where u live??
Lately I enjoy going out and star-gazing. Knowing something that is much larger than myself, keeps me humble.
Sure! I've been interested -- okay, dying -- to see what it's like. Thanks for asking!
Truth is something you gather along the way to where you're going
Double AP testing tomorrow. Jesus, give me strength.
"Up in the Air" checkpoint scene? Gretchen profiles checkpoint "experts", "stumblers" and "dignitaries". spot-on passenger vs. passenger
Dig that!!!
Did you know 's benefits the 's Northeastern Ohio Chapter? They serve 22 counties in our area!
Wow, I asked who you wanted to win first: Brewers or Bucks and not ONE person said the Packers.... ;)
it's BarnJam time! www.barnjam.com
You wanna know what LSU and the moon have in common? Nothing, cause at least the moon can control the TIDE!!(:
If you would not be known to do anything, never do it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
no haha thats my house in san diego:)
The Orioles DFAed Zelous Wheeler. Sad news, but a welcome reminder that Zelous Wheeler is a good name for a Burt Reynolds character/movie.
JACOBI GAVE THE ORDER TO CUT THEIR LIFE LINES..we caught 1 tryin to buck
What!!! Where was I??? Oh wait, probably getting up for traffic reporting at 4am
Of course - Let's do another fun chat!!!
In other news, Romney plans to appoint Newt Gingrich as Secretary of Massive Deficit Spending.
Crazy weekend
If anybody has extra graduation tickets I need them. Please!! I'll do anything!!
It's nice all week ;p
what did i do now?? And dont even talk ms. "dont come out for my birthday the one time im in dallas"
"Spoonified." Favorite word from Jaimy Gordon's Bogeywoman. Man, that woman can play the language instrument.
Ova Pats, arizona, and maybe Buffalo if you're up this wee" otherwise stay away. love the c's 2night
We hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday :)
ya lo se
And look who is holding this little fawn? Human hands...caring hands...loving hands...healing hands. Can we do that for each other?
“: and killed this sangria.” :) yeah Kid!!! We killin it in here. Come join us for the festivities.
Ughh only person who can make me feel better is my sister, where is she when I need her-_-
this RT : Ejection snowballed from when Rondo was yelling at refs when he thought a ball out of bounds should've been given to BOS.
Is so pretty :)
your lame dude
The problem with eating in restaurants is when you get sat next to inane people who refuse to just
Thank you :-)
What bands have you been listening to lately?
I was surprised, myself, that we were able to have a round 2. No guarantees past that. They can only take so much.
no I don't fuck with her like tht just didn't think she was going to pull this
I feel like the secrets of the universe are being revealed to me. Why had I not read #mobilefirst sooner?
My nephew learned to stick out his tongue last week. Best Facetime ever!
I need one too!
that is a NICE gift! and you can never miss a great garage sale find!!
No #Crosby on top power play unit = power play goal. Apparently Crosby was the problem.
Great movie, but I always cry at the end... i'm such a sap! :)
“: Sex is not necessarily love:: its not always : (L)egs (O)pen (V)ery (E)asy #Love”. Hah this is great.
UFL's trouble is no surprise at all. That it took a whole year for it to happen is only mild twist.
Side note: Happy Feb / Happy NSD. May the force be with us Dawgs
Ya forgot a couple of people...Punk & H...leads to Vince going out saving the day before official retirement. NWO 2012
Fox59 had a slo-mo vid of you entering a restaurant; kind of looked like a Bigfoot sighting. Welcome to our city!
thank you.
cus I don't have parents this week, so ima smoke some til they get back next week
hey did anybody see my new twitter name yeah I know its awesome
First tweet from new Ivy Bridge setup running Windows 8.
well thats annoying
Tension is still high between American and Britain after the American Revolution.
Lex what you been up to bro?
It's not really a bad thing tho....
Like that wasn't planned...
Just realized the Phil Rizzuto thing in "Paradise By the Dashboard Light" features a squeeze bunt with 2 outs...really guys?
Love Brewer! Great opening quarter!!!!!! Go #Nuggets :)
Yeah. Anyways, best of luck with Golden State. At least they have a vision! :)
What have I to fear? What have I to dread? Leaning on everlasting arms..said I was goin2 sleep in but I find myself up praising the Lord!
Through the common experience of the spectacular, social engagement can flourish.
is my #Number1 source for GLBT News from around the world!
Dang. It's raining really, really hard here.
spring forward!
Great meeting you last night Great event too. Can't wait for the next one!
Weeks was the #2 pick overall. Best player in college baseball. Frustrating. Disagree? Yes?
if i wanted yinz to know what i was talking about, im pretty sure i woulda added and
Lets work let me know when you ready RT : let me get a TWERK mixtape for the ladies!!!
Its almost St. Paddy's Day! What is everyone doing?!
Wtf is with people today. I hate driving.
any plans on doing any autograph/sport shows in the near future? Preferably Chicago, always been a huge fan! I need your
Of the occupy protesters in downtown Chicago, I wonder how many have jobs and how many still get money from their parents or relatives
Have come to the realization that Feb. 11th is coming quickly and for a girl wanting a top 3 -this butt will not be ready. March-9 wks. out
I had such a blast performing and hanging out at Revolution Lounge in Vegas last night!!!
two weeks left in melbourne.... </3
My cup is running ova with love
Watching "Cascabel" and thinking how much I love living in Chicago.
I'm scared! Mommy!
I'm just playing lol It wouldn't let me follow you but now it started working
ya ya ya i know. u guys are lucky and already out of finals
The Isla Earth Radio Series is produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island.
Some shoppers but not overly crowded at Shopko this morning
The letters h, u, g are right next to each other on the keyboard
Rofl : p Teachers are gayy -.- & ESPECIALLY annoying! I hope u do egg their houses this summer ;PSome only can be cool : )
Oh no! What's it doing/not doing? :(
Starbucks builds up rewards program membership via in-store call to action - Mobile Marketer - Mes.. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2Fw5fpEX
My way of sayin "Hi"
daaaas right ! Lol but you left before I could say bye!
thats a good thing
#Purdue has been doing a great job shutting down Trob. Just 3 points.
Only a woman can make a one point turn into an 8 point turn
I wish I knew how to fix my comp I think it's time to go to the Apple store soon!
#textsthatgetnoreply "Naked Twister tonight. Just the guys. Any takers?"
Where is your favorite location to shoot in San Diego?
appreciate article. A mention by "Daily Diary of American Dream" is gr8est compliment espec 4 me who's reading wsj since 1980
tweet me if u r bord !!
oh ima have to check it out. How's your day going?
Check with local adult literacy or english as second language programs; most have need for magazines in good condition.
Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball Game is where U want 2 be tonight 7:30 pm Grant High School. Watch "THE GAME" ball up ex Lakers Tony Farmer
Sin Dios y sin las Mamas no fuésemos nada.
Giving your son a skill is better than giving him one thousand pieces of gold. -Chinese Proverb
Don't hide away from these showers! You've got a whole hour to drink in the rain!
Oh My God -___________- Whale Maybe Choneese Has Some Mulah You Can Borrow c:
Awesome! you??:)
"Only a fool tests the water with both feet" African Proverb #Ambition #RiskTaking #Overcoming Fear
HEY BFF
wish me luck at the #Malaro Award symposium this evening. Public speaking, never a happy task, but I hope I won't stutter too much. :)
Had such a fun day! (:
#aclly im closin my twitter n a day or 2 so if ur frends wit me an dot have my msn its
haha well that's exactly correct.
I need to invest in a juicer....
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control - New Features Part One
CyberBully=SUCH A GREAT MOVIE.
Hasta lavista bitches I'm going on a cruise! Bon voyage!
I NEED 2 BE GETN READY 4 DA MOVIES BUT ILL WRITE SOME N DEN GET DRESSED
Yes its worth it.. DM me your number so i can tell u were to go.
...proud directioner since october 2010...finally getting to see the boys perform tonight<U+2661> feel incredibly happy & blessed.
Drove to SanD, chilln in sun & playn. You? RT : Thanks, Denise? You had yesterday off? Did you do anything noteworthy?
smoking so much weed 4/20 forgot all about twitter...
We have entry jars coming to all of the major #artgalleries in #pgh. Enter for your chance to win tickets!
No regrets, dont sleep on the Knicks, playoffs here we come.
lol I'm done. time for some sleep, on the bright side, tomorrows Friday!:) #goodnighttweeties :)
oh yeah!!
I love it when I can just act like a lil Kidd wit someone. It attracts me to them so much bcuz I'm just so comfortable with them.
What a lovely holiday tradition!
Wish #chicago businesses knew how much income they lose from urban moms w strollers because they have steps rather than a ramp to get in
Momtrepreneurs. Listen. We are the stuff that dreams are made of.
Thanks ! One step at a time
Saw a guy get hit by a car ; Well my friend saw it , i was distracted but i saw him cursing & trying to fight the lady in the car. o:
I'm still trying to figure it out but I will get better!!! I will have plenty of practice!
wow that's looks perfectly amazingly fake lol
Tf? How am I mean by saying no?
I'm heartbroken I didn't see you in Nashville. I didn't know when u were coming. Just sad I missed you, dang it...
RT - new england patriots, please sign randy moss.
Tom Thon, last seen as SVP of Ops at Clear Channel, has been wisely hired by Townsquare Media as Sr. VP of Radio. Game on!
RT RT Do you want more Followers ? RT&Follow »
Starting your day isn't so bad when you have something to look forward at the end. =)
Thousands of Minnesotans could lose health care programs after Senator Hann blocks grants
live in Milwaukee, WI. Haven't had service for roughly 3 hours. What's going on?
Thursdays amuse- hamachi tartar, spicy mango puree, carrot confit, and flaxseed crips
Thank you for the RTs : "Do you have a Mentor, Advocate & Sponsor? New Blog Post
": The key is not spending time but investing it. How you will invest your time this year?" This is good!
Pay off my school loans:) RT : FILL IN FRIDAY: If I win the lotto today I will _____________.
That happened to me once, but it was cotton candy, so it was totally like 0mg
I'm always checking and responding to email during down time in the work day. Metro rides, waiting for a client, etc.
hmu lmk what's the deal bro
We should trend something..
US Poet Laureate Phil Levine has audience in stitches telling stories of libraries from his youth.
CORRECTION: The tasting today will be Oktoberfest beers!
you're music is amazingly amazing.
you got a point,but when my sht come you know i got you
I'm suddenly feeling better about my decision to not report when I was raped while on active duty.
um no but u prolly seen me workin at ultrabar i take money @ door
Beginning HEARTSTONE by C J Sansom - thrilled to be reunited with Matthew Shardlake in treacherous Tudor England!
Can and the pick up Lamar Odom going into the playoffs?
#WorkFlow I'm Back like i never left
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you have no respect for art
that's a plan:)
Only in Roanoke would you find out that your 4th grade teacher is your friends cousin
I dig why he did it... for people with that gift. I think I have the opposite of it haha. Fucking Knicks! Grrr
Sometimes its hard telling the other person the truth because you're afraid of their reaction
Community management research from : <1% of communities are superfans, but they create 50%+ of user generated content ^ac
that was quite confusing..but I got it Haha
#Fact #1 iOnly Sleep In PINK!
If you are wearing glasses as an accessory, stop now. -Neil Everett on sports center.
congratulations on the schools first post season win. Great Job!!
161games and counting. Love it!! ": Two innings in the books for the Marlins in Cincy. Who is watching the game? #LETSGOMARLINS"
I learned something today. District 1 knows how to cook. Yum!!! Happy Oktoberfest!
Boobs, cause you can't motorboat a personality
back into running a little too much i think. spent my lunch hour in a running store. bought more than i should have.
I'm in dire need of a park buddy. Must also be willing to visit a magic shop with me.
I don't know, never Mind (:
Bunch: Museums have the opportunity to help the public embrace ambiguity, not give simple answers to complex questions.
All better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
We need more people like you who love #racquetball RT: I'm seriously in love with racquetball!
Yeah u smile in my dont know my struggle
Mac Miller wearing the Ron Burgundy T toinght at the murat.
He looks even older than on TV. The campaign did not help him in the age dept.
Days with >>>
Karma's a beautiful bitch..
OH RIGHT
planned final project topic: Enhancing Social Presence in Online Learning
When “you” change, everything else changes
At Bahamas breeze with babe! Getting my grub on!
nice to meet you
I WANT TO GIVE A SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWER FRIENDS & FAMILY... (singing>>>) WE IS LIKE THAT BABAY.... #justbecauseiloveyou ;-0
Let the sightings of poor fashion choices begin.
Check out our newest products! We now you will love them!
Annoyed that doesn't seem to consider last week's hockey playoffs to be a major factor in tv ratings
Right now, it seems as though they might be the team to beat.
Even if you own a car, it's still great to have access to trucks, SUVs, and convertibles! We have 'em all.
Anyway, I need to learn the best ecofriendly way to clean hardwood floors, I hear tea works.
It's raining...
Thanks for the RT Hope you've recovered from the Bruins' series. Still stings.
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there. ;-)
Hope you enjoyed the tour. It was a beautiful day to be out on the campus!
No office referral today!!! <3 thank you Mrs. Peterman!! (: and my parents aren't mad!! Gonna have a great weekend!(:
Invisible Dangers of Cell Phone Radiation BloGadgeTech.flv
We just watched Moneyball this weekend and both of us loved it! Great movie!
Hey guys, it's been a while. How was everyone's week? What's on your party playlist for the weekend? Who's on your #FollowFriday list?
is the only one who will talk soccer
If you can barely spell your name correctly, please, get the fuck off back to 1st grade.
I'm getting killed for being a "Spurs homer".. My, my my thangs have changed. (Taylor)
it was good! It was like a class reunion of band friends..
No Problem. Sub-prime lending and the backing of those loans with credit default swaps was the #1 cause of the crash.
totally might try that! Im gettin sick of liquid....
This girlnext to me is breathing like a dying 120 year old man
Supreme court must consider health of our economy and our small businesses, & see insurance is essential for living. Everyone gets sick!
cookies and milk
that's when you use a hand towel... or a blow bryer
did you have a good time lol
If you can pronounce the place you work
thank you for sharing my post.
I have sensitive ass skin I hate it
I'm so sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers are with you
Music makes me so happy (:
- thanks, Dan. Glad you liked it. :) Were/are you a big Beastie boys fan?
don't know but i think they were medi-vaccing her from the school field.
Get to see my best friend later ;)
Money doesn't buy you class
There's one by David Marlow in American Speech, on using clickers in syntax classes. I think 2008...can find cite if you need.
No problem, great ideas and videos.
Any tracks you purchase for your Mac, iPad, iPhone etc WILL be compatible with Windows when we release that. No worries!
if you just realize what I just realized that we'd be perfect for each other
Why do #IU fans want #BBN in their bracket? No tourny games in Assembly Hall, and they SUCK on the road!!!
DM me Chill when you get a minute so i can shoot you my number.
my phone battery died if theres someone trying to text me...might be at sweet frog in a few
Can't wait for our boys 1st bball practice tonight
maybe because she sells all those albums and can't sing lol
Greg Taylor, CEO of the Foundation for Newark's Future will be 's guest on tonight's Newark Today on WBGO at 8 pm.
there goes the game sign idea lol
I believe it's maintained by a person living in the UK. Those European people, they don't know anything about nutrition
hey guys hit us up for booking @ ! keep rockin!
big headache for the bighead lol
are you still going to the Cinemeeting event today? Report back! Live tweet it ;) have fun
BP: Bristol Palin, British Petroleum … coincidence?
Omg I'm so sad!! Please #PrayForNena :''(
Stick men tickets will be available for the advance price until 3pm tomorrow at ! Get em while they're hot!
. Of course. Great idea. Thanks, Josh!
just started my masters, workin part- time till I finish next summer then I have a full time job waitin for me next fall.
"you wanna lose weight? Stop eating, fatty!"
Wore Yoga pants on Tuesday and im wearing them again today #YOLO lolo
Oh relax. I left the razors at home. Loved some of the knives they had for sale though!
Girl: So what are you doing? Boy: At some party, and you? (at home in pajamas) Girl: Partying it up! Duh?
I'm actually pissed that I have a minor catbutt issue in my left ear.
lol...I'm watching that too. Love it.
i'm going to write a mystery novel called The Vintagery.
I was going too but I told her in A.R that i found out I wasn't going to move . & what did she say to you about it though ?
I don't have favs but I like Wu Tang, Public Enemy, De La Soul, Gangstarr and etc
Thanks to you as well.
invite my sim :).
“: Rule #3 of slutdom: always have amazing foundation to cover those hickies, you don't want to look trashy.”
we are all completely booked tomorrow :-(
yes ... they have been here too long and i am dull of them.
He is incapable of doing nice things. Where did they REALLY come from?
lol ok I love you!
I tend to eat pretty healthy during the week and cheat a little on weekends. Green smoothies are my fav!
Back on twitter bitches!!!
stop in and have a beer with us!!
Already dipped to the Cabin Tavern. Next time - that's your boy?
BEST SHOW EVER.
Rush hour at work!
It's never TOO LATE. Time for a change ~
ok got it
I hear you talking but your actions prove to be a contradiction
Anyone going to the noise tour tonight in Chicago come hang out with me and Mike!
Rhodri you cant trust your backstabbing brother mate he screwed your missus so why have anything to do with this piece of scum !!!.
idk I gotta talk to G briel
REALLY HOW DID U KNOW!:0FOLLOW ME PLZ
I had forgotten how brutal (& awesome) Battle Royale is. Poor, crazy Mitsuko.
Thanks to all to came out to learn about how to be part of ArtWalk! Great fun mixing at The Grand!
Happy Halloween!
Can't wait to watch Top Chef tonight! Lets go team moto!
Happy Mothers Day !
You know what really grinds my gears? How the toilet seats always cold in the winter
The Wall St. Journal called Tim Tebow the Justin Bieber of the NFL. Mr. Popularity gets fed to the Lions this week.
What is average shipping time? I'm ordering today & wonder if $5 Economy shipping will get it to me before I leave 5/17
That Was Awkward & Left Me Utterly Confused.....
Rocking Chicago tonight at the Red Line Tap! Show stars soon. We are up at 9!
I also miss COME BACK TO OHIO! ): wahhh
Why Dream Farm? Because what the world needs is not another commuting commuter community. :) www.DreamFarm.US
The more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same
Crazy to think how many lies were told to keep up the hoax. How does one even keep track? Evernote? Google Docs? Enlighten me.
Of course! I am so glad you were able to make it. And you should feel that way all the time-I think you know your importance :)
spoke too soon - he just chimed in in response to a question
watching #PBS movie on women's peace movement in #Liberia - they define bravery. A reminder that the 99% are still really the global 1%.
one more thank-you to for leading a great chat on mobile this week.
what good is a file backup if you can't use the file that you're backing up?
Kudos for persuasive advocacy on SB 820 passed out of senate
I wanna talk to Samson RT : Grandmother ... Arrested for selling weed got caught with 4lbs of weed worth over $270,000
I Love <3
Fleurir Chocolate Tasting Friday Eve at Biagio
yep *smiles*
You're right! They're no better then those blue people. Am I right?
I hope that someday I will be emotionally stable enough to go to a hallmark store.
I'm too drunk to taste those chicken
thanks for your support!
Hoping to hear great news today!!
We think of our attachments being to something or someone we love, but we are clinging to our attachments because of fear and lack of love.
ok enjoy I'm gonna drink for u patron & Hennessy lbvs
Ha cuz u wont plan nothing
you amaze me everyday i'm so prud o you J!!!
RT :sure here you can see some older works-- what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera went yo learn more...
Love the new Santa & Siri commercial! Of course, #Apple never fails to impress
Realization of yuppie-dom came while crossing Whole Foods parking lot, talking about DVRed Community & wild salmon on sale at Fresh Market.
im so sleepy, it's hard to stay awake :(
SOB RT : re-reading Jessica, Grace, Michelle, and my tweets from earlier today... We are fucking hilarious.
Do u really think I want to stand and chat at wal-mart at 6:45AM?
JB on her difference from Massumi: I'm focusing on everyday connections after emergence.
Mega Millions in mere moments. Someone is gonna win $640 million. We're hoping someone in Georgia snags the prize.
She's unreal RT : Beyonce is operating on different level than everyone right now!
Haha cheers!! RT Uh oh. Food/bar writer is back to drinking vodka
Lets go Eagles I still beleive.
All prayers and thoughts go out to the people at the Indianopolis Fair!
So glad the man behind us on the bus has taken this time to change his ringtone. Greyhound is a second home for crazies
Self sufficient literature ecosystem
I play Kyle next week.
They won't be able to see me yet, but they can still enjoy a nice tour.
Finally getting a night where I haven't heard a train go by every 15 minutes!
Srsly there were republicans who argued against repealing DADT bcuz... "Congress should not do so when American troops r fighting overseas"
Like a damsel in distress....
Congrats on ur engagement 2 Sandra.Just saw an article from E!Shes a very lucky women 2 have u in her life.i wish u 2 the best
u got it bro!
Our roommate got a great new job at the neighborhood bank. Then she robbed it. Made our later transactions there a bit...awkward.
This day has been exciting, productive and beautiful. Now enjoying a great way of winding down at karaoke in
yeah I'm the reacher but I think that's a good thing lol
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
what he said?
It didn't happen
Dedicated artist, what are you doing to cultivate enough "Real Fans (not followers)" using cutting edge technology to make an honest living?
bust it wide open
Good morning everyone!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week. H. Jackson Brown
Regrouping after a big week, tad stressful, but laying out plans for #SWSW 2012. Always exciting & good time in Austin every spring.
yes I think I missed one eye ;) Thanks
lolololol oh lord do I have stories for you
Thk U so much ;-) RT thanks! a lot of my friends get pictures done by yall. they're gorgeous!
I know the feeling that Mac has for Chase Utley. I have it for Dustin Pedroia.
We are on pretty soon at The Guitar Merchant. Come join us
The #Browns traded their #67 pick to Denver for #87 and a 5th Rd (#120)
What is Graphic Design? email your thoughts to #aigadesign #aiga #design #graphicdesign Thank you.
What's going on?
Drive faster!!!
Don't drag yourself down. Today is going to be an awesome day!
Client news: RT Sequenta to present data at #ASH2011 highlighting use of #sequencing (#ICRS) to measure #cancer in blood
RT : A feast of data to interpret in new Pew survey of book readers about ebooks: Mike Shatzkin comments on the Pew s......
Totally happy with the way that trade turned out the first time around. No need to revisit.
This damn back pain needs to stop o':
maybe you stayed up too late tweeting?
And we've reached that point in #lawschool finals studying where my procrastination means I have to learn a semester in about three hours.
PLEASE FOLLOW FOR ME!
Consumers will set prices for ebooks in a fragmented market. Jesus Badenes
Have a safe and productive weekend!
It is nice to be important, but It is more important to be nice.
I need to take a week day off work.
Stoked to see Ben Kweller on Monday up in Rancho Barnyardo. Thx to & for the invite.
Posters are in! I need one or two people from every high school and college to come pick some up and post them around your school!
My favorite Björk quote says the same: "If there's no soul in the [electronic] music, it's because nobody put it there."
There r many forms of #bravery. How r u #brave?
thanks for the RT & I love all the #Pathogenoposse!
Early voting numbers have NC #amendment1 passing 55 percent to 45 percent
did something unprecedented and read a book tonight.
Thank you for the shoutout and spreading the word about Karl Rove in "The Daily Transformation."
S/O to all my DJs, All DJs breaking records... Yall give us fuel
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory."
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
Why is it that the neighbors pooch is always trying to eat me!?!
AH HE'S GOING <33
Tonight...and tonight only...The Skiffle Minstrels are playing live at Lindy Fix! Swing out till you drop! Lesson with John and Sylbie.
Miss universe Canada contestant accuses the organization for being disqualified because she is transsexual!!
Shut up...loll
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's
Lots of little birdies walking around on my back porch. Without a doubt, spring is here.
USA or UK If the USA olympic team played the Kentucky bball team UK would win...
That didn't take long. USA down 1-0.
City Businesses: Clean Your Files Day is April 24, call 410-396-4511 by April 18 to register for free recycling pickup service.
hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
<3 When are we hanging out girl ? (:
- Would have loved to have made it down to the #Nomad but the real game starts now. !
Only 196 homicides in #Baltimore this year- lowest # since 1978! Were the criminals passed out for 2 days straight or what?
crap...stupid fat fingers
Did I ever tell you how much I *love* you?
me too!
I'm kind of worthless today. ("Today?" you say....)
I totally agree.
If only, if only.
Great #MLA12 roundup! So glad #dh #altac #elit folk get deserved shout outs.
Non-obvious glitch brought our Tomcat OPAC down. Troubleshooting took a back seat to simply restarting the Apache and Tomcat servers.
my fave word/phrase in any city gov't document: "errant golf balls." when I used to cover Vista for
I didn't think I could love you more, then I heard #turntoyou .
Not visiting Twitter much, must confess. Quark is a busy hive. How go your adventures in creative culinary combinations?
God determines who walks into ur life. It's up to u to decide who u let walk away, who u let stay, & who u refuse to let go.
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently."
lol idk but this made me laugh!!
Bored as fuck
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks
Yaaaaay! Picked up ! As much as I don't wanna leave the only thing I'm looking forward to is going home with her :D
yeah I think everybody should be 21 next year
i would if i worked there!!! I NEED TO GET AWAY FROM TRH!
Need to get Street Fighter 4. I just got my Xbox with 2 'real' games, but all I've actually been playing is SF 2 Turbo HD remix. Hadouken!
And they shot some of it in Cleveland!
Thank you 3M for the Nook won as a door prize.
4 Sonnets of Garcilaso have been set for SATB by Z. Randall Stroope to honor the first 50 yrs of FCS. Dr. Stroope conducts this debut 5/12!
looks like it has great traffic rt Omg! Perfect location for my #FoxxyChef bakery
#8Mile is on again tonight.(;
Recruiting for Taxonomy/Metadata/Content Management Specialist for a Financial Firm in Los Angeles! Email me at katie.cyboron…
“: Spurs are the smartest team in the NBA” Church.
Ended yesterday's long planning meeting by suggesting we should let proposed plans "fester." Colleague kindly corrected that to "germinate"
Today in the night of new with my dad and you friend ToñO
Watch and see how many people 'lose their ass' tmrw on the Facebook IPO. LMFAO
As I stated in my pres, mobile typing introduces errors! Thx for tweeting #EUCI. My tweety voice was silent w/o wifi.
Hey! Other than dancing, how do you love love love your stand up desk? Thinking about taking the plunge - recommend one?
great news. Congratulations!
Last dinner in Vegas!! Off to the Cheesecake Factory!! Thank goodness for their 'skinnylicious' menu hahaha skinnylicious just gets funnier
I need to make some fly business cards!
It's a matter of contracting/exposing... Give/get is something you do w/ a gift not
At state
RT : RT : have representatives attending this Saturday's...
Erthor and Krishna are literally running around 's sleeping carcass
Big day today! Our planetarium reopens at 10 am & tonight is our Star Party on the Levee w/ serving up dinner.
Fun Fact: the macchiato was invented so waiters could tell the difference between straight espresso and that with a bit of milk when serving
You are so handsome!
Not a Savannah River...I'd say Morrow Mtn. They are real expedient points and really common.
well... She didn't offer to locate a doctor for you...
Maybe and can help your cravings?
I would love to go to bed right now
who honesty gives two shits about the whole idea of it, like some high school drama bullshit
RT The win is not 's opaque statement. The win: an anti-choice power play failed in the court of public opinion
“: my pussy is the smartest girl ever.” that's what she said.
Woz may have made the computer, but we all know it was Jobs who sold it.
I totally agree It's a sad day when celebrity chefs are driving nutrition policy instead of the nutrition experts.
Good luck to you, too!
I'm joining in a little late
the cancer!
So hungry!!
Blair Levin: we can't put all our chips on reallocation of
every1 go follow for funny tweets and advice :)
the statement has been misread since it was first made in 1984 - by free, Stewart Brand meant "unbound"
I'm back with my technology
JazzWord: "Blues is to jazz what yeast is to bread--without it, it's flat."~Carmen McRae. 'NufSed.
Some facts about arthritis and the foundation to follow....let's raise awareness!
Peter Jurkin finally got some penetration.
the world wide web
Modica Associates - Innovative Protection for Today's World.
yes! mistress of library and information science. joining that #feminist revolution.
losing all lollipops
I'll buy that. MT : Bottom line: Olympics not hugely important. More important Vela is settled at new club, ready for Brazil '14 run
I agree!!
Hi friends! Happy Monday! Still casting for new MTV show! If you or someone you know uses a fake online profile we want to talk to you! RT!
. announces the Tavern League of #Wisconsin has endorsed him in the recall election.
Our last day in the office before Thanksgiving! Do you have turkey fever yet like we do?!
Cashing in insurance policies suck, but I'm glad you've got a bit of a cushion now.
Lines in the sand by Members & Pastors at my church, rethinking Christianity all together. Judgement rendered on 1 sided story.
im trying to create a gospe band who down with me lol im so serious i need a drummer a piano player a guitar player and singers
good n u
Thinking about spring cleaning? I would love to give you a free estimate on your window cleaning, Residential or commercial, DM me
is there an option for relay teams?
what's done is done.
RIP MCA. So sad! Paul's boutique is still one of my favorite albums ever!
I think needs to get on Facebook more..
I think Brandon Jacobs would be a good fit in the Burgh. Thoughts?
Fall Break - 2011 Tall Ship Day Camp - Ventura County Star
Tee shirts for the fall line are lookin' fresh
The Ritz-Carlton New York, Central Park's restaurant, BLT Market, has closed its doors to allow room for an exciting new restaurant
ur welcome babe...give me my smooch lol
Let's go lakers.
we found him! Stuck on our wall- he is ok!
RT : Tim Rugg is pinning it. Adrian Hegyvary of leading chase. Blue Train in effect w/8 laps to go.
I miss my twitter
Snow: the unemployment rate is the most important thing when it comes to an election. A barometer of the economy & presidency
Speaking today @ #ABIChicago09 Consumer Bankruptcy conference on Individual chapter 11 cases.
Lol! Leave my uncle alone, he knows what he's talking about.
RT : Did U know that 1,753 breweries operated in the US 4 sum or all of 2010, the highest total since the late-1800s? WOOT!!
For The meeting of the minds, Steve Allen spent 1 year in prep and production for one show. It's historically PBS #1, still avail on NPR
HRResourcePortal provides FREE LISTINGS for HR Professional Development training provided free by HR Vendors. Send a direct message!
I wonder why? LOL “: LMFAO!!! Parental discretion advised for next week's episode?!!! YES! Baaahahahahaha! #AskScandal”
I'm still paying back my student loans. #don'tdoublemyrate
Sometimes there just isn't a better word than beast!
(500) Days of Summer is coming from Netflix in a couple days - you should probably come over next weekend and watch it
Last nights music video shoot made me so tired.
Watched #hugo and #TheMupppets today at skool! :D #Beast!
one of your biggest fans miss ferrett!! can we be expecting an album soon?
Cut the Lawn today. Rewarded with a bottle of
"parallel park while I'm ghost riding.. Black diamonds yeah I'm racial profilin"
I need that Nike pin Kevin durant rocking
Can anyone recommend a quality, affordable online print service for business cards?
“: had someone actually rummage through my car while inside doing an order!! #helpyourself”. LOL. I believe it.
Recognize the ones that always got yo B*A*C*K bc those are the ones that u never want to leave B*E*H*I*N*D
thank you! I'll check that out.
that looks amazing and right up alley. Where are you dinning?
Wine tapping machines sound interesting but yes we need more BEER!
Maggie Smith, will you narrate the audio book of my life?
I wish my thumb was that green. My girlfriend who works for brought it back from work, leftover from a farmer's market
Was in the first audience to see #the bachelorette from
He was one of the best speakers I have ever seen
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see. Be you.
HoeLies #59: I'm a nun.
so in love with pamela love's jewelry...
Go #OWS Chicago! RT Protesters R Librarians,teachers,Vets,Airline Pilots,students,nurses,housewives, parents,hard hats. 99%, got it?
Tired of limiting your business to facebook? Call us #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Getting ready to listen to music n one of your headphones doesnt work
Aug 4 live performance at Six Flags Over St Louis with Hope to see some of you there!
Hey Helene, We're on to #Record at Lucas' house on Thursday. See you then
Relaxin' on the bed with Jonathan sleeping on my chest.
at least you have your MacBook. My got stolen -_-
If Noel chooses Georgetown #BBN will have a mild stroke. They aren't use to losing to many if any recruiting battles since Cal has coached
done! My grandmother and step-dad died of cancer. Good Luck!
Look at me at my new desk! My first press mention!
Looks like yall having fun out there boys...lol. Glad everybodys ok...
heard on #OWS #occupywallstreet movements are CHANGING the conversation from "big govt is bad" to "wealth gap's what's really bad"
I wish lost would!
Hahaha we'd have some pretty cute babies probably.
happy birthday of 's #FM2 #cutthroat #rivals #exes. hope you have a great day! :)
no I don't think it was. We won't sweep them
I can't remember the movie, but I did see it. Plus, dude's tweets are protected.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (ohp-sf)
don't let go okay? :3
I say the same thing about ice cream. RT : Why can't I eat crepes for every meal, huh?
And in French it's "se branler le mystére", or "to jerk the mystery".
Brewers Lucroy and Gomez keep taking strikes...what's the deal!?
no. i dont know anybody whose sick or anything
Somethings u shouldd keep to yourself..
made 2 appt's this week for readings completely by Texting from and too my clients!! Isn't technology wonderful???
if I operated a jackhammer I'd be cumming all day long! It's like a giant vibrator!
Keep it 100.
Man I finally finished watching. Jordan N Rachel were crying! LOL! Jeff was going to be the target next week anyway. Whatudoing?
I GOING THERE RIGHT NOW!!
Starting to feel a ltitle fall'ish Hope everyone is doing well this Tuesday mornin.
all of us adam lambert fans! go vote now!!!!
Getting ready to head to the Future Food premiere at ! Should be very fun and interesting.
We are in Atlanta GA. feeding a few and giving away jobs. Meet us there. Location coming soon...
We wish you could too!
your> you're
I am the drunk guy setting off illegal fireworks in front of your house...during high-alert fire season. Mayhem.
hit me up yo
After the Shitty day that everyone had yesterday... I hope that everyone has an Awesome day!.
of course !
exactly my point!!! Beyond pissed!
Today's been great. Hangin' TOUGH with my boys! Loungin' on pillow pets and watchin' spongebob. I love my life..now, to make some chai tea!!
RT : ATL considers audio surveillance to track gunfire. Some SW ATL n'hoods support.
Cutest Zoo Babies
Fuck. I cant stop listening to this one Velvet teen song. Post will follow
it makes complete sense to me though, think its pretty consistent. Nice that speed no longer dominates gameplay either.
I need a vacation...
“: Oh man. RIP Ad Rock. That is fucking horrible.” oh no, this is horrible! It's truly a sad day for all.
Heading to the market in calf high socks and Birkenstock, channeling that LA/Portland hybrid swagger
happy hunger games, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
I feel like I'm in a hospital waiting room right now, waiting to find out the good or bad news.
Getting excited for 's reading Wednesday night at Porter Square Books in Cambridge She's one of Boston's finest.
Thanks to all my new followers
Yea the 1st season was awesome. It apparently followed the comics really well
Fixed it RT : Available substitutes tonight for #SportingKC: Kempin, AIYEGBUSI blah blah
sucks for me i have a shit load of birthdays coming up lol its that broke season for me lol
Perhaps the worst part about being home is the lack of Dominos around here.
Yeah, it has always been fascinating & weird to me.
#YouKnowBetter than to shave when you can wax!
swear i get more impatient every day .... not good
": very sweet <U+263A>"<<=== I know right lol.. but most of the sometimes they can be hand full too ha haha lol.thnx
Sorry, world: taking a short and deserved dance break.
#thatcampfl Has anyone compiled a 'copyright guide' to using social Zotero with non-open-access journal articles?
we gotta have dj drops already on the song for you to accept it?
hahahaha! I would hope it wouldn't!
Nobody from Glades read my last tweet
#BreakoutKings pretty good just finished the pilot there
All good things must end
Thanks I appreciate it! If you guys ever need something made feel free to contact me through my email on my website.
damn I wanna go to that gucci mane! in Palm Beach
Me too!
how is he becoming irrelevant? What's with the jealousy?
You are so welcome. He's pretty amazing, isn't he? :-)
thats why fanny pak is in the bottom 2 again
Why must you question everything I do?
thanks TBird! Hope to run into you. Let us know what you think!
She gives the best #handjobs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Family Guy>>
off to Portland (Oregon) with tomorrow!
Crew Neck tonight.
I'm assuming was referring to subs who don't know the domme.
ISPI MeetUp in Denver on November 11. Explore human performance solutions with a panel of experts. Only $5! www.ISPI-FRC.org Sign up now!
I didn't even need to see if there's anything else to watch, I love it! :) even though I've seen it n I'm sleepy I stayed up LOL
i wonder if is readin all of tweets xD i bet hes laughin his butt off!!!!! xD o gosh
Tweet me if your gonna be watching the Grammy Awards
How's your Monday going? LOVED the weekend - got to sleep in!
you back east? Rage!
#dtl2011 trying to learn how to twitter properly :)
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation! Give us a shoutout to your favorite location!
": Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs" AMEN TO THAT! HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
- you can't escape it so the important thing to do is learn how to deal with it. Everyone is judged by others.
RIP Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys.
... happy bday & i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
Wait...there's a Middle Eastern guy in the game?
Thanks for the follow, Barry!
Domestic violence horrifies me. Unless it's the husband getting his ass kicked then it's just funny.
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz
If I make anyone a taco, it'd be myself. I'm hungry as hell. Fast metabolism suck donkey nuts.
Suffering Preeclampsia — After Giving Birth
txting you right now…
It was so wonderful! Gonna be a great study!
That's what she said?
And that my friends, is highschool for you.
Listening To Speech About His 3rd MVP Award He Says"This Not The Award He Want He Wants The Championship!"
Had lunch and a pleasant conversation w/ about workplace safety. #STADA conference.
At the sound of Your Great Name. JESUS, you are highly lifted up<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
So, the talent show is canceled. I was actually looking forward to performing.
Good morning #SXSW. Team #Shindig is in the house...What are you most excited to learn today?
is slicing & dicing #data with to learn more about how we can inform our community's efforts to
Every woman is wrong until she cries, and then she is right, instantly.
thanks Sarah, you too!
Do you take non-union actors? Are all the actors represented across the board? Thanks!
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough. -Mae West
I am thankful for the little I do have
boy you a celebrity, where your followers at?? Lol lol
Thanks for all you did to make #filming a success! You're the best!
working on new shit
LOL and I was so close to 100 D:
glad u having a good time over there. Tell Duke I said whaddup. Hotel still have guards w/Tech 9's?
TEAM JESUS CHECKING IN,,,LETS GO,,,STAY FOCUS,RUN AWAY FROM THE DEVIL,,KEEP YA EYE ON GOD
Change is a comin'....
Hi Mike.. We are open to all new potential business. When is you next meeting?
Download EggDrop and give us some feedback.
never got back with me just checking on ya...
If defense aint ur thing&u throw the ball around on a whim,14 consecutive NCAA tourneys tells me 1thing,i prefer how we win
Woot! First Thurs night game of the season!
I just figured out how to get my favorite passages out of my Kindle & I love it! Today: more from that beautiful book by Abraham Verghese.
it's just all spam
All that pent-up anger is going to give you premature wrinkles, my dear. ;)
Clients, returning, current and new :) excited for the day!
Nice to see you here! TTLP, in the house! :)
After 6 hours, I finally got Microsoft Exchange syncing everything properly. It was a battle, but so worth it.
Who's excited for us to drop our new tracks in the not too distant future?
amen sister!
"The only other people called users are drug addicts" - starting the day with
. told me I smell "doggish" but I think it's him. Here's to a night of sniffing each other.
That's precisely why he's retiring. His positions are contradictory, because he doesn't understand US imperialism.
Ruth Clark's workshop 'Applying the Science of Learning' has begun!
Grateful for people who tell me that I'm doing a good job when otherwise, I am feedback-less.
only cool people wear ninja turtle shirts and american flag shorts. AT THE SAME TIME.
Swoll Asians frighten me
Dude no kidding, I have been totally isolated and it sucks...
Protip: If your comforter resembles flowers, be sure to shake it free of bees after letting it air dry outside.
please follow she is you biggest fan!3
My dad came into my room today, admitting that he had the "Be ICONic" chant stuck in his head all day. New ICONiac? ;) :)
yeah.. That would be my girlfriend.
old English bull dogs for sale only 3-4 left
Woke up sounding like a frog... Why can't I talk? Steamer time
my teacher showed us this video about and asked us what we thought,i think he did the right thing by standing up for himself..
thank you Mike and Chris for the wonderful webinar today
#vaumc11 "I wonder what Jesus thought about parliamentary procedure." Bishop Whitaker rocks!
wake up early to study for a spanish test...spend my whole morning shopping online
it aint the size of the man. its the size of the motherfuckin plan
AWESOME SAUCE!
One to watch on Montreal: Matteo Ferrari The Italian’s class showed as he was nearly unbeatable in the center of defense via MLS
Watching bridesmaids , love this moviee :)
Get Dex a little bowl. Level the playing field! :)
Power finally back today, but it wasn't soon enough to catch the #Barnstormer at The Living Room last night. So I just need to try for #6!
Volkswagen's People's Car Project in China offers three concepts, including a ... - Autoblog (blog)
i love you
and she's enjoying it with her iPhone
Where do u live? Its 1 am here?!
Time to get ready for work...
LOL it's only 9am here, and I'm on the road :-)
Mr. Mysterio over here
anyone know where the tour bus's park at PNC bank arts center
Thanks, Pam! I'll also have the slides up on our site later today.
Visit at starting tomorrow for great deals on best-selling UPK titles!
Why'd it get taken
i like your enthusiasm.
Checked the Wikipedia page on natural disasters; Philadelphia's had five of them this summer. I'm watching for comets and meteors...
I am a nio-scope consultant and through science and research, a healthy scalp makes heathly hair.
Woo-hoo! I'm so smart. I just finished a puzzle in 20 min, when the box said 3-5 years! Look at me go!! LOL
When people say we, they really talking about me. I wish I had someone in my pocket. Wait… what? ;)
I don't run or jog. I walk. :D
Find us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness - www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
Got my homegirl high for the first time and it's too funny but never again lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Im tired. <U+270C>
I felt the same...I'm thinking of running marathons until next year's TM in NJ.
Still feeling like I did battle w/a Mac truck, but the MKE Brewers are helping to make me feel a bit better. Go #Brewers! Go
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes Dude where's my Hoe?
Great idea! RT : Leave a Review, Win Great Prizes! | GO! Overseas gooverseas.com/leave-a-review…GoOverseas
I just sneezed an almost shit myself... True Story... Prarie dogging it!!!!
See Argentina for lessons in economic recovery. "Defaulting on debt, devaluing currency => freedom to radically change policies: Weisbrot
Thanks for the information, I will be checking it this morning. Looking for #startup funds
All I do is win win win no matter what, just like my team! #KentuckyWildcats!! #KentuckyStandUp!!
we have Bear to thank for being 9001.
Who thinks piracy is "no big deal?" People just think the pendulum has swung too far in content's favor.
#Blazers with an impressive win tonight, 119-106 over Minnesota. Aldridge had 26 points.
Very nice!!
idk if i should watch it or wait....
Last time I shaved my head I regretted it. But rite now I'm really tempted to do it.
I didn't picture the Lakers gettin' caught off guard like that
YOU. ARE. SO. LUCKY. :D afhsdjkfhdskvfhsjkdhwefhksdfhwfhaslkaf YAYAYAYAYAY!
RT : thinking beyond basic epub - how will we deal w/ kind of books produced in the near future?
Back in the U.S. after sifting through the ashes of the UK flat, I realize that possessions are nonessential. It's people who matter most
ugh on my way to math -_-
"Who's Justice Beaver?"
break legs tonight!!!! Xo
There is a mention of our band in the Arts and Entertainment section of the Glendale Star...
I loved your Zuhair Murad gown! GORGEOUS!!
Car fire on ponce
I'm pretty sure you should be.
pie for breakfast sounds good to me.....dave, will you have biscuits too?
Going to be working this morning with for a strategic roundtable. Can't wait to do something creative for a worthy cause!
15 laps down & up to P5.
Thanks! Let me know your favorite track.“: - Downloading the CD as I tweet :) LOVE IT”
Ha ha ha remember how I anticipated LIKE CRAZY thinking it would be an instant favorite but then violently turned it off halfway through
May the Fourth be with you.
Baseball season starts tomorrow...6am workouts will always pay off for a good season ahead
REMEMBER DIS! YALL GOT JOBS AND AH BOSS 2 ANSWER 2 EVERY DAY U CLOCK IN AND OUT! I AM MY OWN BOSS PPL WORK 4 ME AND I DNT WORK HARD AT ALL!
Thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna become a much nicer person. I promise.
The International Poker Rules consist of 81 technical rules, policies & procedures that are fully modifiable. Visit www.fidpa.com
Had a productive weekend of wedding planning with my Mom in town. She is literally always right about everything.
DUH i KNOW THAT MUCH..YOU HAD A 8 BALL &&NG MJG MOMENT SiNGiNG DiDNT iT?..CAN'T STOP THiS PiMPiNG i JUST CAN'T STP...<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Intelligent rebuttal. I concede. LOL
,Good Morning brother
We're so lucky to have this here! Hope you enjoy it.
"I can read things far away when I get closer to them" Co-workers statement
I love my hair it's cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
thanks for the heads up man, def. gonna check it out today. Been offline for about 48 hrs, got lots of email to read :) ha!
looks like someone ate the cupcake, but left the business card!
well if u wasnt so lame lol then maybe i would lmao
We are playing live on WRIR next Saturday March 31st from 5-7pm
Looks good to me, Swedish newspapers are so much nicer looking than American papers. #envy #cantreadswedish :(
did you get the email about the mixtape?
not again!!
Thanks for recommending us!
Hamilton hooked that bitch just like bubba did yesterday
When I was buying condoms, the check out girl asked me "Would you like a bag sir?" I replied No thanks, she's not that ugly.
i have,been watching it since I was born lol. I always wished I could get involved with it some how. but thats only a dream
#ChuckTodd's ad on #MSNBC. full of yourself chuck?
I mean... was that nessecary to drop the Romney ref?
uh no
What a season for ! Undefeated in Serie A for the whole season!
Watching monsters inc in Spanish.. Y my 1year old son put it in Spanish
No Welcome Wednesday today: too quiet!
I went into MacDonalds yesterday and said "I'd like some fries". The girl at the counter said "Would you like some fries with that".
Stop in this evening for Monday Night Live after 7pm and receive #FREE parking!
If you one of my dimes follow my our dimes
that. was. incredible.
"Throw Me Something, Mister!" - What everyone yells at parades to get throws from the maskers on the floats!
New Mobile Mortons.com...Primed for people on the go! eGift Cards now available! Check it out from your smart phone at www.mortons.com
Les Mis at the Kennedy Center tonight!
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm
WGN radio person just said Roosevelt Road neighborhood makes "Dr Zhivago look like Cabo"
RT : If yall believe in divorce DONT even get married .
That was a power play goal, you guys.
you're welcome! Where is the interview?
Congratulations Erica! She looks positively angelic. What a wonderful time in your life!
You're sweet, Christina. I'm hoping to tempt my Muse back with freshmade Mojitos. Ha!
Would you like to learn more about our 'One Time Close Construction to Permanent Loan' ? Call us today at 505.836.5700.
WAT IT DO WAT THE BUSINESS IS...
stuff like that has been happening ever since last year lol. my friend saw the "ghost" or w.e haha
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "This Is How We Do It" - Montell Jordan
off to the salon! ... and this time im using some major bleach.
Oh dear lord NO!! I go on Itunes & I see they have a trailer for another Madea movie...When would this madness end?!
This ice cream sandwich >>>
anytime biddies... We be rockin out to driver tunes though!
thats a cute picture
Ha! RT : With the Marilyn Monroe statue being dismantled, I've just lost the only woman in Chicago who'd let me see her underwear.
Is there an internet feed of the station available?
No one cares.
my friends from other schools who are on spring break!!
I think #Audreyparty is more of "during the event" tag. I think we should conduct a use study on the tags and develop types.
Bobcats clinch the worst season in NBA history. Michael Jordan vows to scour the country's best golf courses and casinos for answers.
Thanks for the #FF! Keep on promoting libraries and librarians.
You know, I really like people who used too many exclamation marks. They typically have a great energy about them.
Blur favorite: Damon or Graham?
Date of most recent experiences on tops. Major accomplishments bulleted so they stand out and be easily read by recruiters.
turning my phone off.
re: FOB, do you mean their reactions to new immig? If so, yes...but no I don't look at fob phenomenon :)
run then margarita...any more brain busters?
That's exactly what I meant.
We're fans - thank you for having us!
What said…
Question for u. I buy/read mysteries, scifi/fantasy & literary fiction. So....
Anna is from my hood! Love her!
hah I <3 them! They're a real inspiration to me. Sounds like a good idea. Just keep me posted as it progresses.
my sisters trying t clue her fifteen crown back we haven't told my mom hope it stays
UM talk = wonderful evidence to turn back common "non-scholars do not need access" to scholarship ("reports enough") arguments
Also, the EP is complete! Tracks are mastered and album art is nearing complete. We will post when it available on iTunes.
You should pick my friend as one of your valentines, it would mean so much to her(:
just saw ur mamma at Walmart :) I said hey she is so sweet!
If you took PTO today, I'm judging you. In other news, happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day, love you mom and sis. Luv all moms!!!!!!! Have fun
That weird feeling of getting jealous when they don't even belong to you.
Im Sore af from and Doug Pushing and shoving me playing basketball yester.
Pierrette, thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas, and a great new year.
It was a great event last night! RT Just got a sweet Zambrano bobblehead at #FollowFest at the Captain morgan club
We see all. Judging from afar... RT : ex interns bonding over some beer..talking smack
he won't even do one of we win it all
you guys are hanging out!? I'm so jealous! Wish I could be there too.
Nah, it's fine! Swept most of the water to the drain and the dehumidifier is taking care of the rest. Happens every spring. :)
I have noticed that when I speak very slowly, my southern accent comes out & that I only speak very slowly when teaching Leif new words.
same here. Was the Braves and TBS that hooked me on baseball way back then.
Tune in to East Nashville Radio for some great music!
This stall at BWW feels like a prison cell
Had to take my model Ali cause I'm her publicist, it was all #business Had to get her seen by the right people! :)
i actually am very (personally) worried about the polar bears.
"Opportunity begets opportunity." -Shatner. Classic interview. Thanks for the replay.
#pubmedia chat is a great collaboration, definitely, but we keep saying we want to see more. how to make that happen?
oh my god that guy is so annoying!
Just saw all my friends from high scools lil sibs talkin on FB thank god my brothers a jock
Cheers for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week! Are you going to be in NYC over the next few days to enjoy it?
NP happens to me all the time
The kids who still in school while the seniors gone be in school lookin like "let my people go" lol
Publication re: Isobryales (mosses) has subject heading, Moses (Biblical leader)
when is nexy u stream?? -anna
lol your so nice! NOT!!
Well, cause and effect = choices and consequences, so that ain't bad.
We hope everyone had a wonderful time at this year's National Dialogue on Blacks in #HigherEd Conference. We certainly enjoyed having you!
Am I really jamming to Demi Lavato? This is embarrassing. Damn you & your catchy riffs... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
It's the weekend! *Fist Pump*
Movie recommendation is Gene Wilder in "Young Frankenstein"
oh thanks..
is a rockstar
This Indiana/Michigan State softball game is a good one.
i feel for u then. how do u get sleep?
Lettuce be green. Eat more salad.
maybe it's not my weekened, but it's MY year!
Me 2 bro i went threw the bad years the 4-12 year I believed n #Rodgers b4 every1 jumped on board! Packers fan since birth!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.....Warren Zevon.
. sees new questions in RDF: versioning, how to know what a node was linked to at a given time?
Cool night in the main lobby of the fountainebleau...DJ Fuckles spinning the tunes....I remain deaf and blind.
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!
i know how u feel that happens to me alot and i love the ant farm episode were u lose your memory and then get it lol
us too! gives us a boner everytime we play!
Whose brilliant idea was it to put lots of medicine cabinets over toilets? Seriously. Does gravity only work at my house?
it's getting really complicated. I think I need a tutor ;)
“: Finna be on some James bond type moves for the evening....”
when your bday
My first tweet, here with and #twitterless bigblacknigga.
The Year of the Black Dragon- more than a martial arts movie. May it be a year of red envelops and good fortune.
sorry i miss read. i got u on the follow back :)
I would rather swallow broken glass.
Shit I slip up all the time
welp... by his avi uk shouldnt even be in his thoughts
I have some great news my dad was just made president of Bristol West Insurance group on Friday. :)
Lol text that number if you want to & get cursed TF out
counting the hours til plays The Metro in Chicago! Hoping for some old school...Jaws of the World??
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great day!
you robot is bettah than my robot ;)
Uh..I dunno. Lol. I kinda...forgot...you were in NJ *runs*
Absolutely - Glad to iMeet you too!
I hate this god damned school. Forever.
There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people. Ali, Muhammad
hahaha I know on your fancy instagram. I think it is a cool paper I run but more people need to use
if that's what I think it is I think it would be extremely rewarding. And many natural citizens could use it as well.
Nicely said. Nice seeing you last night and thanks again for the invite and the shoutout.
Somehow I knew Millar would through "Cowboy Up" in there
“: Rebecca Black has another song out? Oh no.” agreed
How many picture frames should a person own? While packing, I have come to think I own more than "normal"!
Former Phillie prospect Bastardo or just related to him?
Christmas Eve boot camp tomorrow!!!! 720am!!!! Last workout before Santa comes!!! Wear your red and green. See you there!
Another successful #ArtJamboree under our belts - over 300 participants! Well done !
I don't know lol =D
I couldn't of said it better myself :)
"A healthy body is the guest-chamber of the soul; a sick, its prison." ~Francis Bacon
It is an absolute, picture perfect morning here in Greensboro. Get out today and enjoy our great city!
At the damn dentist :(
my voice came back, hollllllla.
Only a couple seats left #bohemiancaverns come through if ur around.
Fun Fact: Elmwood, the birthplace of James Russell Lowell, is the current home of the University president.
Beaglin at Bobby's!
I need to find one in my area asap
That's not good lol
follow me and Ill follow back and send more your way!
We all go a little mad sometimes.
schein if ur Texanz.dont win the division without peyton they will never do it... there future division title.should have an *
Show 21 and another 1st, Jared Sherlock made me cry and it was a magic show. damn dude. Laughed lots too. Guy gots talent.
“: I don't know everything but I know penises shouldn't taste mediciney.”
Hi sis, We're staying on Kaanapali beach. Thanks for the suggestions. We're really excited! :)
Pondering: Are there flaws in #SWTOR that Star Wars fans/players are willing to overlook because it is still so much better than Galaxies?
It's storming here in New Orleans, which is good, I have to rest up, the last few days have kicked my butt.
Weber, heaven forbid that I should wound your sensibility
Does Lilly have a hash tag this year? Making my own
that would be Twitter. But do you view on computer, mobile phone or tablet? What's your device of choice?
Stay tuned... an announcement about our upcoming "Love Eternal" Show is coming up!
It's a scorcher today!
TMNT! Pizza rolls!
Bored As Fuck
Two 4x4-ft 18-ft deep Caissons excavated, steel tied, and ready to pour 3000 psi concrete. See the attached link for construction photos:
at home on a Saturday night, reading a good book. I bet I sound like a complete loser. Oh well, this is my idea of a fun night
crap!!! i forgot my twitter put me on dm limit -___________- so i cnt message u back, and im mrslegitkingtut's friend
Yea i seen tht lol i wasn't say that because i thought tht was why your getting hate :)
Relaxing by the fire, waiting for the Dexter finale. Lovely evening and end to a very good weekend. Glad Doo is home from dad's. *heart*
im glad I was wrong!
Your mind is racing like a pro now, oh my god it doesn't mean a lot to you.
Put on my wall- "If yr a #nc09 strict Christian conservative, I don't see how u could find anyone more ideal 4 Congress than Ken Leonczyk."
good - love the trail/wilderness angst books.
on today from 1 to 2
Been sleep all day , now I can't sleep at all :P
I could go for some tacos right now
I can't handle the truth today obviously
RT : Faith runs on regular prayer.
Pick your battles.
they have chosen wisely, congrats!
hang in there bro.. #thirdparty #planb.. Loving the pics.. More please..
only time I recall him in coverage was near goal line. Looked likehe lost responsibility & didn't drop deep enough. Gave up a TD.
Now Christmas is over :( we need to get prepared for 2012!!! So what is your New Year's resolution?
Aficionado just crushed it.
#success is one step at a time...today's sucess is making it thru daylight savings time! tomorrow try new strenght train workout
RT : Derek Fisher will remain one of the greatest leaders of all time. The city of LA will be forever grateful to him
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
If I have to pull out a dictionary to understand your argument, am I allowed to see that as a problem?
awkward is my specialty.
Happy Friday everyone! The weather here is raining but we really need it! Share what's happening in your neighbor- what's the weather like?
We love & John P!
hm I believe you still owe me a follow....by the way Good Luck tonight! :)
True. I gotta go. I won't be on much the next few days. I got my kindle taken away so I can't get on :''( Ttyl
I think that's Sammy Hagar and he's pretending to not be able to drive 55.
Fairfax County police say reports investigators had video of fatal and run "absolutely false."
oh, sisters.....i am loving this thought.....xo
well, I'm pretty honest about how not well the baby sleeps, at least
Congratulations to rider on her gold medal win at the Pan American games!
When does believe come out. im dying to hear it
Congrats to Tyler Johnson for winning today's $10 Tab giveaway! We are doing it once a day so check back tomorrow!
Dr.Pepper flavor Slurpee at 711
100 pgs proofed. Little 0ver 100 left to do. Then spell check. Then wiritng done on book four. Night everyone!
Ryann was finally found this morning!
Sarah has more swag ;)
Marriage is life's greatest gamble?!?! What about unprotected sex with Courtney?
Of course the day I'm free to go on Twitter, doesn't tweet.
At the International Beauty Show<3
sorry, don't know someone available for this right now.
I'm fine! Haven't been treated yet. But the place is by a shake shack. Yes!
editing my history 285 paper. Just a few more days until new york city & family & christmas & homemade chicken parm & egg nog
yankee game tonight!
about to do this yard work -_- stupid ass irene wanna blow leaves and shit
Hello llamaa:D
Just noticed the nest.com video is using Fuller sans. I like it even more.
Merry Christmas
maybe if they actually got a DC?
My dog knows the meaning of the word walk. I am doomed.
thanks for the FF
if your lonely then you must be doing something wrong .
Communication keys from : Know peoples names.Eye contact. Use a talking voice. Relax body language. Use helping words.
are you making us breakfast? Lol
The Vow was great! That Channing Tatum is a sweetie.
no its not just freshman its the whole 10th grade 9th grade underclass....
Thank the good lord. More Ron Swanson for all!
ugh...why cant you just love me?:'(
the Bulls are still the better team IMO but they are only 7-5 against playoff teams without Rose. 18-9 overall
got the superbowl by you this year huh? Awesome!
No((: RT : I wonder if works tonight? :)
dude why aren't u watching the wings? Watch a real mans sport none of that sissy #NBA bs
Thanks for following me, Scott!
#BroughtonMemories that ratchett ass Cafeteria lady
help someone 'have a cow' today, follow the good works of
Ashton Kutcher to play Steve Jobs?
I love that one!
yeah why do they have to give us false hope
Adobe Lightroom 4 arrives in the Mac App Store for $149.99 (Chris Welch/The Verge)
Please rain be gone by 10 pm..
True, but I think we're up to the task. Good to hear from you, Michael!
love you
lol yea but how could I forget my imagination wouldn't let me lmao
In Music Meeting- LCD Sound System “Drunk Girls” well it’s fun, and weird Jade hates it, Rachael & Tom love it
data on sex slavery is notoriously inaccurate, and often solutions don't actually address the real problems or needs of victims
EVERYONE BE SURE TO FOLLOW A GREAT PROGRAM STARTED BY YOUNG BLACK COLLEGE STUDENTS.
That's what makes you beautiful <33
awww that's okay ! So is Geo coming for sure ? (:
Officially passed 900 followers today. Let's see how long it takes to get to 1,000...
hey Pete! Follow back ;-)
thx Duno if u saw correct hh but Tyler opens w heaps Eli cals with 40bbs but its Eli, I call Bb. Tyler bets Eli raises I jam20bbs
ahah it's 9:15 there's nothing to do
looks great!
Good cigars are a costly pass time. Sometimes I wish I'd chosen something cheaper....
Yup. No nonsense, right? We have to "get 'r done" so we have time with our families. Motherhood motivates. :)
Hilarious movie. I loved it. Laughed nonstop
All upcoming #physicallyfit #models #fitnessmodels in #southbeach #Miami #ftlauderdale we do video promos for #models 2 gain exposure!
What is better than Wisco Friday Fish fry and a few beers! Come and join us Milwaukee!
what? who?
Calipari Grand Marshall for #PegasusParade today. Suggestions on what my sign should say?
"Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth?"- Leonard "You have a sign?"- Sheldon
Blows my mind that medical professionals and the NFL are only recently tying head trauma and football.
Awesome!!! I hope we get to see you!
some people are worth remembering, others better forgotten.
Already working on it <3
Surprisingly, it only takes 1 CIO to change a light bulb. Who knew it was so not at all a technical challenge?
UAV-cat out of bag
awesome quote: "If children do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn." Rita Dunn
seen a good number of Nationals games w/ Harper. Most outrageous thing I've seen him do is play hard. Glad Hamels polices that
I love culinary history. If I was not interested in music, I'd study food.
hang around successful positive people and you feel the need to strive for the best .. do the opposite and you get nowhere
I like soft and femme, too. Actually, there's not much I *don't* like. I guess I'm easy.
folks, it too soon for the overly air-conditioned cafés! I don't want to have to wear a sweater indoors.
A co-worker of mine just started watching that -- she said she watched all season 1 in a single evening, she couldn't stop!
Oh Twitter. I'm sorry. I forget about you. I"m not doing a good job with my twits.
New head shots have been selected.....stay tuned for the launch or go see a preview on FB
seriously I have way more talent than that guy.
Got my order! One doesn't fit but the Soda Fountain Dress is perfect! Sending other dress back so I can order more SFD colors:)
mystery shopping the Apple Store I can understand, but Nordstroms--that's your personal gain :) ^SB
"My one regret in life is that i'll never have a dog. But sometimes I tie a hair to a piece of lint and I drag it around."
amazing how an early snowstorm will cause people to dress like it's antartica...
what a superb sportswriter!
#govwebcon attendees let's meet in hotel bar!
We be gettin lots of snow!
Remember kids "U can never turn a Hoe into a house wife!?"
where tf is that? At frys electronics :P.
give me your thoughts on how well #Pandora is doing since their
yeah, sadly i will prob. not be going hahah actually, most def. wont be going lol.
best weekend
sure looks like scored the most!
telling everyone to tweet #BM2_MTAbus. Also sending them to
how long are you there for? I get back on Tuesday
Interested to see if D. Wade will stay in Miami and if the Heat can recruit Bosh and King James.
Had an amazing #MothersDay dinner at one of our favorite Denver restaurants !
Workin on my next cover!! All hard ^.^ so excited!!
Only 5 days til #TeenHoot it has gone by so fast and we are all so excited!
at least he's blinking, I think.
Bored at school
but your first name is so un commob
that must be it, you're too intimidating! I feel ugly and short next to you so there's no hope for me! <3
Wizzy said it best
3 days till the LFL debuts!! Chicago Bilss vs. Miami Caliente, Friday going to be one hot night in the Windy City!!
going to the land of the biebs/drake!! woot woot!!
I thought KILLED it on #RaisingHope tonight. Would LOVE to see her acting more- What a doll.
thx for coming!!!!
I dig YOU! And I miss YOU!
I didn't said guitar center was better, I said I didn't know best buy had a instrument store... Now I know and am going there :)
RT : The more obvious ÿõù are that #Aquarius are annoying you, the more obnoxious they'll be.
Thank you for the kind endorsement Joe.
Right away ": Im hungry -_- feed me dick "
When I could tell you anything.
"Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, when I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this" - BIG
I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!
To buy a pair of herringbone TOMS or not to buy them that is the question...
a jarontee is better than guarantee
I was invited to play Vball there!!(: haha
thanks for the Retweet!!
Why do Wutang fans look like they'd like ICP?
Looking toward #MozartChat mama on 3 July. Will round up a few musical tweets.
Thanks for the follow back. I appreciate all you do for acts like Bryan Cole and Thank you!
I just got the new polo boots
I do both p90x2 and p90x1 but I prefer P90x1 i feel I'm working harder .
we need policy to push these changes
There are only 22 episodes in a season and 52 weeks in a year. There are going to have to be breaks sometimes.
If the core body politic of the dems does not adjust the begging aspect OFA & respect the intellect of its voters. It will fail. TBR
I agree. Yikes!
Took grandma out for dinner. Amazing perspective when you have been around so long.
As & have said, Kermit-flails must be good exercise. Kermit's always thin. #KermitFlailToday!
I'm sorry you're #CaughtUp. Gonna b ruff when reality decides to catch up with you.
True Hip Hop Culture aint MainStream...these Industry Vultures livin a DayDream
no Jill. You are not allowed to tweet about Nicky Minaj. Bad.
Home, spring break, 21st birthday, start of SXSW, this may actually be the craziest my life has ever been
Just now seeing these #FF 's !! Thanks for the shout we really appreciate it.
If your left palm itches,you'll get money. CMON LEFT HAND,start itching lol
of all the girls tossin rock at your window , ill be the one waiting there even when it cold .
What was she like? Whom did she marry? You have known nearlyeverybody in your time, so you might have known her
I have the same relationship, the best!
A4: I feel entitled to my life ... Period! I'm doing me!
ikr!! Or like the roads ice over or something!! Ah I would be haappyy!
Work was painfully miserable today, but somehow I made it. I hate you all!
Trying to find someone to work for me is impossible. #ugh about to get written up
Woohoo so cited!
im crabby....see ya later. i cant wait for packers to start
Gulp. Chug. Aaaaahhhh.
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also creating a film of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
THIS JUST IN: David Simon, creator of the acclaimed TV series "The Wire," will be Commencement Speaker for the Class of 2012!
I needa head scratch...
OH @ our #arttodinefor event: "Is that LT. Daniels' wife leading the dance?!" cc
Also, will likely be wearing a bowling pin costume at at least one of our shows next week!
loved it. Mike tyson and shatner. And the unknown girl was great, one of my fav lines was from her.
Paseo at Coors is blocked. No one on.
ill ask if you can come over my house
What channel is the spurs game on tmrw?
Believe you can and you’re halfway there!
that's a lie you are you so lame you make nerds popular
retweet away doll ;)
Impressed with UNLV's athleticism last night. They still need to find their rhythm on offense but they should turn some heads this year.
Hey man it's
How are sales for March 17 going?
Dio back together? Without Ronnie James Dio? A new singer. How does that work, Dio is that band.
haha pretty boring going to see the raven with my dad then work tonight. You?
WOW! Congrats! Now you can retain me! :-)
All work no play time to hit the studio an go hammer
Any Indy business offering the best Indy deals? we are featuring FREE deals postings for a limited time!... Email
I'm at the front of the memorial on Pennsylvania, by the masts with all the colorful flags.
I'm proud of you :)
I see these bitches calling, I just hit
Aw! I love the song. I didn't even hear it, just started singing it! And we can build this thing together....
": Every boy has a soft side .."
"This potent, immediate novel will give you a potent, immediate penis." Yup, it works.
We all got shwasted! #TooMuchSake Thanks for coming!
Hey there Andre - thanks for the follow!
YAY!!!!! i know, it took me long enough, but i broke down and did it!!!!
I know, right? LOVE living in FL! I have in my yard: pineapple, banana, papaya, dragonfruit, lemongrass, sweet potatoes...
defense has taken control of game. Three forced fumbles lead to three SA TDs vs. Pittsburgh. Up 54-38 with 11:05 left.
Happy New Year! Hope that everyone makes it home safely..Remember in 2012 that leggings are not pants!
We are still experiencing technical difficulties with the site. We hope to have them resolved soon. Thank you for your patience.
/// Niggas are so used to hearing the USUAL RADIO SHIT to the fact that they automatically diss an album they haven't heard yet.
Looking forward to the Rutter party Milwaukee tonight.
I wasn't, but now I am following :)
Anybody else cry when carolines dad died?
From web analytics to delivering bunnies with !
Nevermind, I'm closer to throwing my computer across the street than I am broadcasting with it...
cuz i am broad, broad, broader then Broadway (^.^)
I will be there all day tomorrow.
GAFE fast track.
Lots of pitching going on, and not the baseball type.
not a big mystery
This timeoutgate is more important arguably more important than everything that's happened so far.
Awesome reading a feature on Portland music in this morning's Way to go !!
in post-production for client's trade show video; preparing proposal for client's media training needs; in pre-production for London shoot.
You STAY classy CHICAGO!!
and their "acting" and the things they say. It looks forced, not natural.
You may have me beat for the time my dad called to ask how to make spaghetti.
Have any of our followers been to JA? Or are from JA!?
you wont believe us, but it took 7 days “: How long did it take your team to pull the demo together? #spop12”
Humans can speak, yet we choose to tweet.
When you hug me, I don't wanna break free from you. It's crazy how you can make me fall in love with you with that hug.
hello where you both droped on your heads he's playing the steelers
missing my man :/
Octavia Spencer FTW!! And looks just fabulous. That #Oscar looks good on you girl!
watermelon tease drink on the side
JonathanMilling thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
its actually a tiny little pizza place lol
ugh don't even get me started! Hahaha but thanks for asking! He's lucky to be alive :) jk
the attorneys give the agents their two cents but I'm not negotiating with an agent, a manager and a lawyer.
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BITCH RUN!"
Another NYE in D.C., but nothing seems exceptionally cool or different.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks, Jamie. It was amazing! Wish the recording was already available.
I love you too, dad.
Don't be the doorknob where everyone gets a turn, be a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot...
I want to dance, and love, and dance again
Instead of eulogies, I would like my jokes to be read at my funeral. That way, you'll all see that they DID kill, eventually.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Start the new year FRESH with a new lakefront home at Lake Bluff Condominiums! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Ah. Fair enough.
Awww! It would be much fun to hang out with the McClains
you probably have more fun with her than you do with me :c alright then.
having fun with nuns!
good catch on that article.
finally saw the latest 2 episodes i missed. MY MIND IS FUCKING BLOWN
Seaside, FL residents & employees receive 20% off any entrees or sushi today!
For the next 43 minutes swing by GB Fish & Chips and get the deal shown here: KIDS eat FREE!
having a sophisticated conversation is a nice sort of change from the original "common-knowledge" talks you have with pals...
Would love to hear u interpret "Sunday Will Never Be the Same." Such an achingly sad song, but original so up-tempo.
Feels Good Today.
On the road to look at doggies. One Terrier-Rottweiler mix, one Weimaraner.
I can't hang with no pussy ass nigga (Rozay voice)
wondering how to find friends on twitter without cruising my whole contact list
I was starting to think I was the only one. :)
Morning munchkins!!
So I believe I saw more black reporters in the pressbox at the #bruins hockey game today than I saw in #redsox yesterday.
RT : Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer. Marcia Wieder
my singing voice is slowly coming back. so i have a bunch youtube videos to make once it does.
#idhavetoslapyou when u come back to the pawnshop where u stole a cellphone and tried to sell it to us....smh...dumbass....
follow me please? I absolutely LOVE your song Cali Cali Cali!!
I just started reading "The Battle For Wine & Love or How I Saved the World from Parkerization". Great read so far!!
` Im Fuckin Bored Right Now
Wishing did a following spree for us.
I really enjoy surprising people with what I can do. I'll gladly be the underdog.
I guess shopping after work wasn't such a good idea. Got some cute stuff but so I don't regret it.
Making that money
Awesome, thank you! Where would you like a gift card to? Anyplace you like (that sells gift cards).
when the boys go on ellen i hope ellen shits on harry's life about caroline
when i die, I want to have a destination funeral.
who do you think John cenas opponent will be
i love u JB
Just saw Colonel Mustard at the gas station
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
ok folks i am outta here tonight.
Let's get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance #You&Eye <3
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
Awesome man! Thank you so much. Be sure to try the Gyro and the Chili Cheese Frito slices this month
just said Kobe is cute. She could stay in the house <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
yeah they'll have to show it eventually xD
guys that take pics of themselve mirror are fags
My mom is literally a part of me. You can't say that about many people except relatives, and organ donors.
My pleasure, and likewise!
What does it mean?
Hard-earned wisdom is something you can’t buy. It’s the wings of experience that make you fly. ~ Eric Bibb from "Shine On"
Celebrate the Kentucky Derby low and slow on Saturday w festive specials on hot brown, mint julep pitchers, and derby pie.
Usability tip: Having a link that reads "Using this website is easy!" that links to an FAQ on how to use the site means it's not that easy.
our city is amazing in the fall.
fantastic article! All of us here at Copper Kettle are huge fans! We'd love to have you in to Brew some beer here!
I'm on your side bro, love your work
if u missed it go to kpfa 94.1 on the internet and listen to the walkerboyz on the radio be up online until may 5th
hello dimgray evening time 2 sleep
this sounds like it should be an headline - not real American news.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
damn wait you are to hoe
That sound you hear is all the heterosexual marriages suddenly ending.
Yes. 5 min to show. Joe Cirincione, Ploughshares Fund will be a guest.
well im not her and im not rude, so sorry ^_^ i hope she's ugly lol
Hey there... Ain't heard from ya in a min... Nice #Avi pic...
"Love will always find you Without a doubt or a chase, Love will always heal you If you accept your heart and heavenly face, Love just is"
Good luck in your racquetball tournament this weekend. make sure to relocate back to center court to help stay in rallies.
and i know you'll always be there for me
If #Lebron is walking down the sidewalk and trips over his own feet and falls...do refs pop out of the bushes to give him an And-1?
So if a guy obviously likes you but has issues showing that infront of your friends? Im so over you... Come back when you can man up
Start wherever you are and start small
I have to say my outfit is kicking some serious ass though. No frumpy librarian look for me!
yes you must catch up!
Bummed I can't see tonight. Sold out show. Play "This Is Not An Exit" for me!
#TweetBack Answer: If I could be anywhere Resort in #HI right now, I would be in/at ______
I wonder if it was a sign. God puts things out there for us to see and we ignore them. That goes for business n personal relationships
Ha Shockingly No RT : Tell me there not asking him about fishing? RT on The Joe B and Denny show RIGHT NOW
Anyone interested in seeing "For Greater Glory"? What are your thoughts behind the film's concept?
why hello!
My Tia's from Nicaragua fly in today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
working the beer fight tonight?
Let's go Yankees!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Hahaha mhmm! You're funny :) I'll talk to you later lucky man! Sleep time.
You are awesome! Yes, Cheech you gotta see this exhibit
Haha! :) RT : Just watched and I think I saw the hardest working girl in the city
Good morning Facebook, hope everyone is having a good day!!
#WeCantDate unless you are
Just in: Seeking a Controller for a local company. Excellent salary for a hands on individual to lead a growing company. Position may lead …
commercial AUDITIONS for Target and Clue. got to work with an adorable child (who stole the spotlight).
10 blocks for Bynum.. Dude is playing great. did a great job coaching this raw talent.
Hey like our page and follow us on twitter!!!! Let's get us to 250 today :)
it's lyrics.
Blog update tomorrow morning!
Drinking arizona raspberry
hi! Tweet
#typo I meant could pick
**Senior Animator**- A Developer- Germany
hey Mo. How many years has it been?!
We thank you all of you that have sent mails regarding the album and the good vibes.. .very groovy good positive vibes..(: show details...
My Prayers Gettin Stronger
That's what you get for NOT CALLING YOUR MOTHER!!
Today is National Chocolate Chip Day? How marvelous!
You can now get vegan slices at both stores! Vegan slices of soy cheese are available as the lunch special as well! Slice and a soda $5!
lost my mind and my cellphone n da same night. Damn Dirty Sprite
Last one of the year. #GoAvsGo!
A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea which is higher than himself; and a mean man, by one lower than himself. MA
Shit i just remembered i have to read at mass
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts
Fun day at the gym
he's awful, as bad as jay mariotti.
Irish Band needed to play at a Midlands racecourse on Easter Monday. Any ideas - please contact me asap.
i seen #oomf out on fri.... but he hates me lol
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -Wayne Dyer
Last day of Spring Break tomorrow.. It has gone by too fast! :( wish it would last forever.
that. is. disgusting. faux bacon syrup?
Also, According to Danny, I fucked my best friend during my period, because Danny knows all.
Eating then taking a nap >>
Archer marathon!
come to me
Posted by Tom under budgeting, save on insurance, saving money online, saving with coupons 1 Comment »
v.v what? I already have wow time, I'll just get you in! >.>
Paul flopped multiple times during this game, which led to the Clippers outscoring the Nuggets.
I do
he is throwing again, bullpen session tomorrow. On his way back
For everyone who does evil things hates the light and avoids it, so that his actions won't be exposed. -Yeshua
-- What Song You Like ?
We have Hot Yoga!! See you soon!
Love can't always go the way you want it to.
Somewhere Over The Rainbow/Wonderful World - Israel Kamakawiwo'ole
Recently heard Stephen Drury do those in St. Paul - magical stuff that only really came alive for me on hearing them in concert.
yeah have you been to any concerts :o?
Are you a beast who swings a 34.5" or 35" bat? If so, and you want a free Axis Sports bat, LMK. I have a bunch - if you wanna pick one up.
LolllRT : That's why I ride wit weed at all times <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT : Happy 10 year anniversary to for being at CFA!
back row blue shirt near the food table. Will look 4 u after
I hope Madison is ready to spend all weekend with me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
People need to stop acting like if we live in a perfect world.
I'm always amazed that people don't shop/browse their own websites and then act surprised when something's reported as broken.
Just finished a political thriller, Price of Liberty by It accelerates with every page. Nice work, Keir
It's like the Internet's version of being schizophrenic!
Buying go-phones all over town. Just stop looking at me like I'm a drug dealer.
What is/was for lunch?
Sarah Phillips has a breaking story on the matter, but can't log in to her work e-mail.
#MoreFemalesShould eat macaroni and cheese. seriously, bitches. get on it.
#GoCubsGo. We’re the place to watch the #Cubs take on the Phillies at 6:05pm. Let’s hope #RyanDempster doesn’t get mad today.
You know you're busy when you haven't tweeted in a week.
EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?! COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
One, two skip a few omg I'm wasted
When did the full version of #NotALoveSong come out?
idk I'm guessing misa ends at 9 so around there.
Love the Swept Away: Dust, Ashes, and Dirt exhibit at MAD in Cols Circle! The John Dingilian pieces are amazing
Ive been using "It's My Birthday!" excuse all day..
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :)
gimme a henna tattoo<33333 hehe
yeah i once had them all up on a cdn, went on vacation after hitting 'post'.. apparently got reddit/digg'ed + came back to $~2k
I disagree with Graham's position on gay marriage, and believe his view is discriminatory. It's OK to not tolerate intolerance.
come to ghiradelli square.
haha;) you like?(:
Another excuse to go shopping again today!
Besieus playing now, sound great! Then The Big Pink Outland Live!
Good conversation..can always appreciate that!
hang soon?(:
Love you more sweets!!!! xoxo
Wearing a dress & didn't shave my legs.. Ew? #ohwell #yolo :P
No Exit. Watch towers loom over ashes of white picket fence. Los Angeles . 26feb11
good morning hows everyone doing?
32 Robinson Road Wandi Perth Western Australia - kitchen cupboards
Mason in command half way through the 3rd... 40 to 28
#know12 3 key ITSM workflows: incident; request; information. But not scalable; we want not to manage service, but to *automate* it.
a local co Ed frat!
So happy it's Saturday & a three day weekend! Cleaning, however, did not start at 6:00 with enthusiasm as planned. New start time: noon-ish
Looking for extra stress? Hang with the ex
rain rain, go away.... I can't remember why I wanted it to stop raining, but I just know I do....
The Axeman cometh.
#GaryOldman was offered the role of Smiley. "The best part was getting the phone call."
can you DM justin for me im following please !!
She love to kiss my tattoo...Why
wow there is an image before lunch I did'nt need...
: How will "an aspirin between my knees" limit the cysts on the one ovary I have left?
Can you send us a high-res image of your fun pak or party pak? We're working on a post to help promote your menu. Thanks!
Thx! RT : To my New BFF Followers:
jelous!! I though we had one to rjay
Denying the omnipresent Reality is like the blind declaring that there is no sun at midday.
First rack of ribs.
"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
I know I was joking. Rivers will have a rough go this season. They wiil need some help in the draft I think.
Photo shoot time!!!! :)
Thunderstorms and frozen snickers... Two of my favorite things!
I really hope that my Northern Light latte was worth waiting 15 minutes in line for !! I needed a Friday morning #JumpStart!!
I'm getting a sign to show cars when I'm walking around Pdx that states: You are legally required to stop and let me cross.
hey there! Thanks for the shout :)
you're both made for each other, you cheating, dumb assholes.
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Congrats to Tom Thibodeau for the Coach of the Year award, hope it isn't the sign of disaster similar to previous winners
Shout out to the guy that just cut me in line...awesome manners man <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know you had good taste!!!'
when someone especially a guy disrespects a female. you may be playing around & she'll laugh but you dont know how bad you hurt her .
This lady on the bus is hacking up hairballs -.-
Let us know what you think!! RT Drinking wine outside waiting to be seated can't wait to try it out!
Word to the wise: always watch where you are going. I just hit a column with the cart because I wasn't looking where I was going.
because I bleed Pat's Blue and Red and I need a clean up towel that matches!
You bet!
's flowers are dead
Good thing you didn't come, Ms. Parks would have been on your ass today. But we did learn new moves.
Celebrities tweeting addresses of people for any reason is WRONG. They can hide behind gates & guards- regular people can't. ThinkB4UTweet!
Tip of the day: If you want to get smarter then alls you got to do is learn stuff.
typical #GOP political games...I thought congress was about jobs, not pissing contests on bills that will fail.
amen my dear
thanks for the follow. You should help our foundation raise awareness of drug detection Changing lives
when u coming to the Milwaukee UCB? There isnt one?!? It's just my basement I kidnap celebs and makem improv 4me? Maybe.
Is a 10 run lead enough for a #Redsox win?
I do, that's why I asked. The vintage oak phonograph cabinet, what stories did it sing?
it's cold and raining today is that day to stay home cuddle and watch movies
The @ tab in my Twitter account is like my junk folder in Mail—filled with spam. My DM folder on Twitter is filled w/ compromised accounts
We're at Sansome and Union for the Williams Sonoma farmers' market, come down. With , 11:30-2pm
I am staffing 2 #perm #tech #support jobs in #philly. #in RT will help me! Thx!
Omg ur face is Like so Luke warm! Love it love u miss Colleen
In Keeneland's 1st Sunday taking #11 A.P. Eli at 5/2 or better. Also, betting #12 Like a Dream. In Belmont's 3rd, it's #6 More Than Lucky
I'll prolly b over round 330ish if that works
YOU ARE MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER.
CITY GEAR IS HERE !! WITH GREAT DEALS!!!! 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Happy Mother's Day to all those who do their best to nourish their child/children, and anyone else that comes into their lives! I <3 U MOM!
Re singing. Love it!!
Finally! Some business at the summer reading desk.
a good offense makes a good defense?
oh hey dudes.
happy birthday!
Aw, you remember the little people! Thanks man!!!
Yes, really. Came up at one of my clubs' board mtgs today. Haven't heard of Hungerthon. Who puts it on?
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
Why do I enjoy fine dining? Because every day should be a celebration. That's why I enjoy Everest on a random Wednesday. You should go.
Layoffs today. & they expect nxt meeting to be as if nothing happened? We just say "glad it wasn't me"? Bad economy or mismanagement?
If interested in gamification, check into badgeville.com
RT : I am going to name my son Tebow
What a gorgeous photo!
BDs mongollian grill: price of beer < price of soda
First person to mention Platinum Posts in a Tweet will get 30% off first order
Have you created any flipped class vodcasts? If so, what subject do you teach?
it is, dude you always have to have me tagged or i might not see it?
you look beautiful as always Joy!!
Happy mothers day mommy! Love you. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>
Thank you so much for the mention! How Nice! :-)
Bark4Life cancelled :( have to find a way to get more people involved in this great cause so we can get it off the ground!
Romney was a bully in high school? And nobama was just getting high. Why are we talking about this?
in this situation what sort of hugs would you provide?
RT : Sentiment analysis may be the future of how social media is used by reporters - #smwpolitics <-- and politicians
Stretch your hamstrings
haha well thank you!
It's RUMBLING here again.. haha.. when did I turn into such a wimp? I'm waiting for the cat to turn on me..
I wanna thank all the Taylor Swift Fans who are helping me with this contest yall are awesome! :)
Looking forward to it! (representing CCPE at #SoSlam and recent grad of PRCC!)
“: Hm this might be a slap in the face. #ouch” ??
Anybody going to the red sox game today?
plz follow me back guys :)
I don't understand why people think belly button piercings are so to die for. personally, I think there trashy
Will everyone please look at this beautiful incredible moon
Everyone who got to meet Liam today, I envy you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
shit money is hard to handle.. im spending like $50 a year on books.. wow im soo.. wow
It was an honor to have you and Andrea at our home for dinner 10/10. Randy and I will always cheer for you.
Ughh! I Had To start On My Twitter! This Is My New One! Tell People To Follow Mee!(: Thankss
Thanks Marine! if you like to help travelers to your destination you may want to consider joining at www.tripaha.com. Thanks!
The Public Option kills grandmas dead.
Thx! RT : . Twitter question about control being addressed by : Focus needs to be on control points.
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors in Middle NJ, Arkansas, Missouri and more! Please DM your contact email, and have a #winning attitude!
I actually thought that same thing.
(The prince did end up serving in Afghanistan for 10 weeks, until word of his deployment got out.)
im gonna cry when i leave austin at the airport<3
Rob your so amazing!<3
It's crazy tho, they doing everything but arresting him, chief resigning was like *Kanye shrug*
what?! I totally just lied to some1 the other day & told them u were coming! When did that happen? Are Ant Marlene/Unc Nolan?
Indeed! RT : But seriously. Props for keeping the el running. We bus people are just jealous.
Lake Highlands OT Kent Perkins was not able to make it to today's #UT junior day.
who are you to speak for everyone else? No one cares what u think
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
#13-Chris Johnson-RB-Tennessee Titans
Oughtta leave you with an unsightly bald spot! But at least you'll have a nice bikini line.
gotta get in the studio with super Puerto Rican Producer for more rounds...
the city's freedom festival's fireworks just started and I'm laying in bed. what a loser.
lol got my alberforth. I'm happy :).
Hey peeps
Whoa. It's May. Craziness!
I just know this is gonna end up making me upset...
what? I'm wicked smahhht. : )
Thanks for the follow, Joe! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Just like old times! I can go over all the house stuff with you too
My first concert: 's Never Say Never tour with Silk and 702 @ Merriweather Post Pavilion. High school grad present '99
like how do you usually put it? I figure you're pretty confident yourself.:> or do you even think about that stuff?:p lol
4 images from my recent post just disappeared? What?? Hold on tweeps. We are having technical dificulties $$%@!!
Just finished up the last session. I had a couple of nodders. How can you not get excited about vAAI and the VNX platform???
Pres. Obama called Warren Buffett this morning, according to Press Secy Jay Carney. They talked briefly and the president wished him well.
A great summer read: "The Help" by Kathryn Stockett. Setting: 1962 Jackson, Mississippi. Great book!!
Money is the opposite of the weather. Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
I just found myself trying to put my eye shadow in the refrigerator.
If anyone wants 3 never shout never tickets for Wednesday, let me know. I can't make it.
Hidden Treasures of Bedford PA is now on board Diversity Platinum Rewards. Check them out on facebook: Bedford Hiddentreasures. Welcome!
I'm sorry, you need to turn down your ignorance so I can hear you.
Sorry, DSLR. Prefer Canon or Nikon (I have both, so not a giant preference for either).
asdfghjkl; idkkkkk if I can. D: I basically went cause my friend was in the band :(
Enjoyed "Spider in My Stew" by Magic Slim on Slacker
it's on Espn and nfl network
love the nickname 2 jobs. I want the term no jobs, just wealth
Go Blue!
So the 1st period we shoot from everywhere but in the 2nd we start with the fancy passes again?
The power of our dog's farts never cease to amaze me. #GoodMorning! You can't help but ask, what did you eat? When you know exactly what...
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8> Let's get vmfucjed up
Sorry for earlier tweet! I had early bird checkin - not biz select. I blame brain fog at 7am :) Love flying you guys!
Sharon Morrissey: "Employment is the answer to poverty; education is the answer to unemployment."
Do you think Sharon Watts would give me a free drink?
Did more Ikea shopping today! :)
so tired today...
Our hope for new students headed to the campus for #RiceOWeek is that you know you are welcome here!
I think it revolves around more of how the media has annointed him without the wrk being put in. Off the court he's cool.
Check out for a Laura Cuetara theater piece (this Sun & Mon) - featuring , btw :-)
i know. The next time will probably be your birthday at the rate we r going.....
I want some waffles and hot syrup! It's just one of those mornings. #TeamDazzy!
#orphans8 Just heard an amazing presentation from Audrey Young and Issa Garcia Ascot from Archivo Memoria. Incredible work.
Got my new Husker Yoga Pants!
Exactly it is a team effort
Happy Mother's Day
I've gotten so many emails lately with the word "test" in the subject. Like this: "TEST - The real subject" New gimmick so people open them?
"Think Like God...Act Like Jesus!" ~RM
#PinkTip Promote your brick and mortar on Facebook Places and Google Places
I'm new to instagram... how do I follow you? LOL
My Date is Looking Hella Good in His White Tux.:-)
i know man, your pics have been making me so excited hahaha
make sure to follow she be flexin!!
I miss my sisters ):
Let's bet some horses at Santa Anita. I like a couple of maidens in today's 9th.
having in mind the effect which a too-detailed description of these may have upon the moron
How many Justin Bieber posters is too many for a bedroom? (asking for a friend)
Thanks for following WNY Heritage Magazine! Glad to see so many former Buffalonians keeping up with our great city on here!
Orange soda + Coke = Mezzo Mix
“You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.” - Dr. Seuss
sweet fat beagle. Are you just going to work?!
"Hard Candy"
The lesbians next door gave me a Rolex for my birthday. very nice, but i think they misunderstood when i said i wanna watch!
Big love going out to enjoy your sleep tonight, its your last for a while.... all our love to you all!
Cuddling > work
I donno why, but I'm feeling pretty good about today! How's ur day looking?
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope as an actor. Luv ya
I'm not the type to give up easily, I fight for what I want.
I gave +K about Unicorns on - I guess they really are experts on Unicorns!
How could I have missed it?! Thats what I get for pooling for Biden fundraiser
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”—Unknown
...when life gives you lemons...throw them over your shoulder and look for an orange! ;-)
can't sleep...
got. u
If you are implying something just say it...
haha nice!! Thanks for playing it down so I'm not nervous...it's a small game not a playoff :) hahaha
Oh, PastPerfect--how did we survive without you?
A special Lover's Leap Blend of Black Tea and Rose petals. Perfect for any Valentine, even oneself. Reserve yours or order online today...
Next on the at 6, will join us with some NFL Draft insight. Hear who he thinks the Dolphins should draft.
yes, i can
Say it wit ya chest!
I wish attending weddings could be my career.
Thanks Laura for the RT! We are looking for passionate people looking to join a startup team. Can we post on your job board?
yes, i got it! thanks!
Your welcome
I don't even know who this "World Peace" guy is...nope, never saw him! LOL
Hey the amazing joey commercial skip...love it
A rent PARTY! Friday, May 4, 6-8PM their first RENT PARTY to support local artists!
No one cares what you think anyway lol
Gas prices went up another 30 cents today. That's up 50 cents for the week. It's time for real energy independence in the USA.
roger that.
love the new video! i wish i was that girl :P lmao
Let the tears fall..:/
definitely motorcycles.
and your just a woman away for a good night huh?
Last night, getting ready for bed, I changed Myla's diaper. She said, "I want to see poop." Um, yuck! Next stop - potty training!
At the dentist for the first time in a few years and they had me fill out my medical history on an iPad. The future is now.
I'm not angry, just forceful. And highly caffeinated.
Each trophy also has a point value. Most are 100pts. The hard ones are more. Whenever we add trophies, some people get more points
happy birthday and God bless you!
What an idiotic question!
My real dream job would be traveling all over the world and helping people in different countries
- Hi Bobby. How are you? Give me a call. - J O E
Yeah i missed a few days of my meds that keep me stable and it was hectic.RX ran out and had to wait. So that didn't help
Yeah bought couple of months ago :/
ugh.. u just failed me
I hate CHEESE.
If one has a wonderful cast iron skillet, why would one cook a Velveeta box meal in it?
Hey Every1!U should Follow ! Im tryin 2 help him reach a million followers. Please follow him,u won't regret it.Luv u Criss! bri
A great event!! Everyone was just having a blast for a wonderful reason!!
We don't have a link but inquiring coaches about fundraising can email or ahughlett@ (same)
I should be completing this certification test but uhm....I'm not going to my car now to get it.
Beware the shiny infographic!
Justin Inspires Us..darn right he does. <3
We have a thing, Behzod. Don't judge.
Ha! Any special beer to celebrate the special day?
You have taken the fun out of it by opening at midnight. Uncle.
And every time I look at you, it's like the first time
My Quote of the Day - "It's stasis that kills you off in the end, not ambition.", Bono
ok . lets make it happen . If you send me your e mail i can send you sample locations
For those who missed it, we’re looking forward to seeing you at our next event in January! Look for the invitation on Facebook.
What's good peoples #bong rips
Happy Day! I think I'm bringing into the fold, too... The produce is too good to resist!
since i have so many kids at the daycare,,, Happy mothers day (; love you best friend, hope you have a good day!
Just attended a great video marketing class at eXp Realty. All the education with this company is amazing!
i know this is like a year late but thanks!! and i changed my name on here;)
I always look awkward in publicity photos. It's really awkward.
Have you gotten to the part with the cat? There's a part with a cat.
thank-you ;)
I don't like starting anything I know I am not going to finish
Shit I Gotta Do
on election day make your lawn PC.
Smarter than he looks RT I like Mike Brown's plan of keeping Kobe out there in a blowout and trying to get the Nuggets sick.
RT Prince doing something interesting with his music tonight. Listen close. There is a theme.
RT Most entrepreneurs I know had the red pill shoved down their throats after their first run-in with a soul-ess bureaucracy.
great minds think alike
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
You become like the people you choose to be among. Choose wisely.
": GLAD U ENJOYED IT BABE!!!!"i really did..that shit was hella funny
definitely dodged the one about his Dad.
ah, yes, I know the smell of grass!!! When you relax, have some of me, just take a bite!
“: just hang in their bud. They wouldn't want you being sad.” You're sweet, thank you so much :)
We will see, I control my own destiny!
its been some dark moments in my life... I need some light.
Big three by Orange there to cut it to 7.
Is wondering how much "tweeting" is enough on a hourly/daily basis!
Oh, how true. RT .: If you're generally good at BS'ing, it means you don't hang around people who are smarter than you.
JUST RELEASED! The Future of Family Court Bill Eddy's new book
Yeah!! My boy dropping that #RICHKIDVIDEO in a few hours. #WatchOut!
A gauze halter dress. What was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw in an office this summer?
Anyone got a pool? I got sticks on deck!
You’ve heard the story, now come see it! Visit #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition that showcases 200 artifacts retrieved from the wreck site!
Movie recommendation is Morgan Freeman in "The Shawshank Redemption"
yeah bo
we'll c u there!
Keeping up with #redsox transactions this week is making my brain hurt.
Stupid eBay. This is the third DVD I ordered this month that was advertised as "new" but was a copy! Yet another trip to the PO to mail back
can you follow me :-)
Considering going to "Amazon University". Work half-time for a year and read every book on my Amazon wish list – see how much I can learn.
Congrats to the winners of the Rakim & Ken-Y concert tickets. Visit www.onqnites.com to see photo's.
"History rhymes" or something like that. What parallels are you seeing?
I've already checked out your YouTubes. ;)
Lol! Thank you! I needed that good advice & laugh! “: take 3 showtunes and call back in the morning. :)”
Kids on my bus are immature
You’ll need promo code: BEAAA11 to access the discount when you checkout! Otherwise, it won't work! :)
My sleep playlist is basically and Explosions In The Sky: The playlist
too hot for a-town
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
haha I was wondering the same thing. Plenty of open tables
yes! Long way from reality. Wow.
Up in the gym rockin out to
PARKS & RECREATION. So good. So, so good. Get on your feet. Get up and make it happen.
the city is flooded with #sluts right now..these bitches don't have anything on me ;)
iJst Heard Some Of Yall Stuff. Dat Went Hard. Great Job. Keep It Up.
After seeing bits and pieces of it for years, I finally saw the entire Blues Brothers movie. Great flick!
i hate being insecure :/
Can't wait! RT : 30 days until #BWENY, y'all.
thank you to Monique, Bebe, Eylsa, Lilly, Calico, Sammie, Rhaina, Emerald, & Dre for coming out to Renegade 2 wash bikes for March of Dimes
My plans for the weekend is to get eaten by a bear, because im gonna steal her fucking baby:)Text if you wanna.Comment the pics...
Can't go west anywhere in the city. 270 & 670 down. Overturned semi
Warm as the sun dipped in black...
In MEM late Monday, dinner? or lunch Wed-Fri?
I'm so glad you saw that.
If, as #Protestant #theology teaches: "faith never reflects on itself, but depends completely on #God," what then is the use of #Evangelism?
very nice
#fridaylistens finished Smokin Seventeen by Evanovich & started Caleb's Crossing by Brooks
best damn turkey leg ever :D
Ahahahaha. My guys should re-sing one of our Delilah jingles!!!!
are you single
tonight i'm making a photo album for my two-year-old nephew's bday. :)
Nice! Will have to come see u. Son loves his drums. Tell the others hello from me. And get in touch if they can
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. Michelangelo
Thank you Robin, we are also very very happy with you!
"Erie go bra" is enjoying #stpaddys day in San Francisco! Have one tonight to celebrate!
Elite Cake is collecting donations to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Make a $1 donation at the shop to show you "Gave from the Heart"!
Welcome to Twitter ! Life changing...
Mommy leaving me today !
A beautiful day for great person. Hope you have a full day:-)
I fucking hate hypocrites. :/
Art of Fielding is terrific: learning, literature, love, coming of age, practicing perseverence, & baseball!
Looks like it's all systems go for Maryland Day – provided there's no deluge of sewage this year.
Meanwhile the whole stay-at-home mom debate btwn rich/poor is completely irrelevant to women who must work to make ends meet.
"the older we get, the better we used to be."
Ha. Right! Disorganized sports sounds like what my boys are doing before their mother tells them to go outside! :)
Establishing a brand’s visual identity requires strict and consistent implementation. NO EXCEPTIONS!
re. yoga, check www.gentleyogaforstiffbodies.com she's amazing. 75 years old and does a really personalized class.
Tell all the English boys you meet... To go to Murray Hill Saturday night and to bring all their friends!
Money aint everything its the only thing
please follow me??<3
bitch you come back into my life!
I feel you. I'm about to do tge very same thing.
here's my secret - leave your phone headset on all the time and people think you are on a call and they usually just walk away
I burnt my clutch for the first time fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk
at least there is one decent bar in slc.
Thank you Alexander, I agree. I help police officers survive the stress of their jobs. I think we all have the same problems
Oppa idk what you said but I RTed your tweet.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Hope you had better luck with your paper! I had to call mine a night and will finish it tomorrow. :/
I will be walking the runway at ZERIS INN BANQUETS in Mountain Lakes, NJ tonight at 8-8:30PM. Stop by if you're in town.!
Great production meeting today with I'm so excited and looking forward to the shooting days!
Bo is already on record that he hates the grad transfer rule. Question that referenced Wilson specifically was asked of him
well everytime we try to nagging she wants her to come with us so I wrote her a note that said I was tired of making plans (c)
LM(S)HIT IF YOU AT THE HOUSE.
went outside, can't believe how hot it is... oh well.
Bed has never felt so good. Waking up tomorrow a different person
#iwantyouback I miss you I here it all the time
BELINDA QUICK ROCKS!!
Is it opening day yet? #Let'sgoO's #FtheSawx and
I like making peoples days.
You can do it! Yes you can!
#Applause MT #Nashville Mayor Karl Dean says "we will finally build - not plan, but build" Bellevue
Read Benjamin Bannekers letters of correspondence with Thomas Jefferson.
Spurs swept. Mavericks swept. Both statements read with very different attitudes. Hahaha
MB Ogawa: getting kids to favor Ebsco over Google - tough sell. Tell them Ebsco finds best sources, emails, cites - ebsco loves you!
rT for a chance to #win a $25 grocery gift card & follow for healthy recipes & tips for your family!
Come on down to the Star Spangled Banner Flaghouse for some good ol' ice cream!!! August 1st @ 2pm-5pm...DON"T MISS OUT on all the flavors
Tanning time #lego <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2600>
This changes everything... RT :RT: Is the wise Chinese philosopher's name from MMQB Donna Chang? No.Donna Changstein.
Sis! I'm going to be casting for new #DSix series -- includes a tour & shooting with RT! RT!
i need better pictures, ugh :/
I'm so glad it's Thursday. I've been thinking it's Thursday since Tuesday.
Now is the perfect time to start preparing for your club or after school programs
yeah but what type of production are u doing?
oops... the server had a hiccup... Please refresh your players!
Man is not what he wants to be, but what he can not be.
thanks will check it out
So,this random #Texted me&said they were masturbating while smoking a cig....... Ew.
Winds in the past 48 hrs in N. CA of Mt. Diablo are hurricane force. Crazy stuff when you see Redwood trees shaking like licorice whips.
Chris - doing compensation manually is like "nailing Jell-O to a tree." Love that
You and I have a different definition of fun facts.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day. Do you know what's in the back of your refrigerator!? :)
Happy #Wednesday ya'll! Happy Hump day!
Even though it hurts, I'm glad I got burnt today.
we followed them (:
7 yrs. ago today I lost my hero. Not a single day goes by that I don't think of him and miss him terribly! Love you, Dad!
Putting all 4 #1 seeds in the Final Four on your bracket is not okay. Worse than declaring yourself a Yankees, Heat, Patriots and Duke fan.
Sometimes i really wander if i over do it say something specially that i like someone on here
UR Hollywood. Amazing!
Watched Amazing Race tonight and they were in Kerala India. Very cool! :)
I think you should Aire an open invitation to that sick twisted Adam Mayes to call in on your show, to tell his side of his story
haha what's good ? Your mixx of weds night was insane
Dropped the laptop. The monitor is now rocking tiny green pinstripes and hosting a challenging game of "Betcha Can't Read This".
For north central Florida folks, I'll be at the Citrus Library Author Fair in Homosassa at the community center signing from 12-3pm.
damn. How long is it now?
Love you and miss you!
I think the doctor would agree with It might result in an "SOS."
Bomb squad investigating a suspicious package near S. Carroll and Wilson Sts., according to Madison police. Some offices in area evacuated.
Not a fun score to go on break and see.
Amo 'Last Dance' y 'On The Radio'
Forgot hash tag #aas3rdcentury for last tweet with program.
i hate when girls be pump faking like you at brett favre
i was in ubud in january. bali is such a lovely, special place. enjoy!!
You know it!
Incredible, had to explain the PING hat to my kids...Keep em coming Mr Claus.
Thank you, I'll talk to you later!
Most of us up North didn't have the constant wrist updates so I didn't get what the heck you were tweeting about.
He who begins many things finishes but a few. ~Italian Proverb
hey man love the SOLO site. Is that a customized tv elements theme? really dig it.
Rams in action tonight against Lubbock Christian University. #10 Rams are 2-0 early in the campaign. Catch it online at www.ramsports.net
We have a TON of fun Mother's Day gifts lined up, so you can stop stressing out about what to get your mom this year!
The last time the Phils have been this far back #BryceHarper was playing T-Ball...and #Hamels was STILL a douche.
Cruzin' with the windows down, singing my lungs out to ‘On my way’ by on a beautiful Cali day. #elation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Can't help but watch #DBTFTW... is one funny bitch!
Damn those 140 characters, I trimmed to add my 2 cents. Nadia maybe gets a bus stop, but not a subway station!
Just SMILE, RELAX, and hold your head high knowing you did ur best! Have a gr8 day!
You're just a boy toy RT @ Sir_Henry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman"
I recommend #MartinMann..he makes anything and anyone look great !!!
what a bizzy day. time to get stoney
You look sweet enough to make a nigga Needa filling
Intro to Balboa starts tonight! Can't wait for Bal with Val this Saturday!
Nice! Rock on Herman Cain! :-)
where r u
you cute or w.e but o wadd you know my nigga Ant
I love watching Bait Car!
Aww :( the family is out of town drinking a #bluemoon and watching
It circumvents their ecosystem, it allows apps to speak to Dropbox's website, even if you are not a member of Dropbox
#TrueConfessions I'm scared to think of what will happen when my future boyfriend sees my scars...
next person that tells me Joe Flacco sucks and we should get rid of him I'm b**** slapping in the face
Yup, you start to feel guilty for hating it because you're supposed to love it. It's gross.
I bet wold have returned despite the rain if no bacon!
Sitting next to the fire>>
Switched at birth & Glee on tonight (Hate Bay & Rachel)
The Maya Xultun number 2448420 represents 129 calendar round periods of 18980 days.
What's your favorite dating or wedding reality show? What'd you think of Dating in the Dark?
Lmaooo alright, I'll believe it when I see it... I got you..
": There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book."
Where they belong. In the land of ignorance with grills and air force 1s RT : Multi-colored durags.
I see my name in lights too everyday but my eyes are open looking at photo shop(:
I'm obsessed with The Devils Rejects
We Gotta do that again soon! Good times !I'm surviving! Lol RT good times!
nothing on my app will load anymore :/ now I gotta tweet through text -.-
I drive now so, be right there! :D
number holes are obsolete, but memories are much less illegal.
I need some followers because a ton of people decided to unfollow me. :P
Hearing that Whitney Houston died??????
Through fucking with these bitch ass bitches
haha I'm hungry too! And I gotta stare at all this food lol
SKO, RLO, RIO are other terms for ILO interactive learning objects.
Awesome! Well congrats for you both - we are going to have to go out on the town when you guys settle into Cleveland.
it's cool lol. I'll just have to get up earlier
blink 182 & My Chemical Romance on 9/18! Ltd # $20 All-In tix for lawn. Tix or the Box Office (M-F 10-4).
Does the fact that I invert all of my FPS games mean I'm more likely to "get" Lion's reverse scroll?
jealous! Have fun!!!
Almost! Was going to finish it off the other night but was to tired :(
AHH yeah im going to try tomorrow morning or tonight :/
we need to govern like a network with a network
New Party...much bettaaa....
No grave could hold the King; His powr no stone could keep-He broke the chains of death with victory!...great song 4 today by
Just tapped Boulder Hazed and Infused Dried Hop Pale.
The bitchassness is starting to go away...Thank goodness
So Jordan's substitute teacher told hi, her grandma didnt believe in germs and she had 5 kids , 3 of them dead from germs...
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. Erica Jong
i havent seen it because im afraid to see how it makes iowans look.. Heard its good though
it's kind of fun being on the other side of getting a site to crash because of too much traffic... sorry winnebago county...
Yesterday wasn't my day, but I'm thankful to have today to complain about it... :-)
bye bye Bangkok and Hello Paris (home sweet home)
I'm soo good with advice ! I swear I'm like Dr. Phil sometimes !
All this knowledge is giving me a raging brainer!
ALERT! Tickets On Sale Now For T-REP's Super 16 Birthday Bash Weekend; June 9th & 10th! SPACE IS LIMITED! Get your tickets early! R/T
I'll help if I can too.
yah. I wonder who these visitors are. What works for one museum may not work for all
There're great careers at Shift managers near me even make above minimum wage! Still below 4-person poverty, but...
bf is running late for our date. Because he was STUNG BY A SCORPION. Now that I know he's okay, I find that totally badass.
Everybody I fuck with is in a relationship except Donald lol
Will be attending the #AustinPHP User Group Feb 9. Will either of you be there and ? I am in town the 8-10th
The biggest originator of home loans is based on the West Coast, while the biggest mortgage servicer is based on the East Coast
I can most likely help you with that. You can contact me @ and let me know the quantities you need.
I think #replace1Dsongswithfreedom is my favorite trend ever. Good job !
RT : I don't feel like packing for my 4-day weekend trip
me too. All of this moving and the rainy weather has dampened our lunch dates
i have follow u..so ull gimme 600 other followers??
I know!! The film is rather expensive but one day I'll buy a pack! Haha
RT : Hating The Doors & the Grateful Dead is so easy. Go out on a limb & hate something new. You might be first at something.
N.County Lunch Food Truck Gathering today 11-2. 4 -Trucks+Farmers Market. I-15
Thanks Dy-no-mite!
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses,
half way thru the day scraps realized we did this all last year. r we gonna have 2 do earth day every year? must pace myself.
HTML 5 and CSS 3 are making web designers become software engineers. via
I spoke on women's econ empowerment @ 5th Annl Intrntl Womens Entrepreneurial Challenge conf hosted by at MetLife today
So the dirty work tour is over, sadly, but that means you have pictures with pat right??! send them to ! (:
Does anyone know of a wedding going on this weekend? If so- let me know ASAP. Thanks friends.
I like when strangers follow me on makes me feel special :)
oooohhh pwettyyy!! Are those for me???
just heard Jordan say great job on the replays! And kudos to the whole crew and the ageless one steve Graham
Bubb took me to taco bell(:
Lost Dog Tallulah - $100 Reward Tallulah the Miniature Pinscher is lost in West Adams, CA.
Dont be caught dead this summer without the latest fashion, style yourself up at city gear with all the new trends especially for the summer
as long as i'm invited to the wedding i really can't hate ha
We had fun bumpin and groovin to you guys last night. Let's do a gig swap this spring between TN and GA!
I'm not a developer. Not sure where our ideas got crossed, haha! I'm a poet and a freelance writer - tech, websites, etc.
Robbie always talks about how you haven't asked for it back and how comfy it is. Haha
Back from #eatmobile and ready for late night! We open back up at 11pm and will be slingin' the goods until 3am.
Back in a little bit for the second half of our #FF and some more Babes of MMA!
Yayyyyyyy happy hour!!
there will prob. be a porno about this.
So glad we are working together!
Hey! I just saw your videos on YouTube and I think you have an amazing voice...
umm CORN!!!!!( I hope ur talking about vegetables) and Ur favorite veg?
ok :) is that English the subject or English the language?
Headed to Geneva, Switzerland tomorrow for a week.
Periphery is such an awesome band
follow back
#NP Arnej - They Need Us (Original Mix)
Ailes is an ass!
Well, they were REALLY nice windows.
Hello Morning Birds. It's Free Coffee Friday! If you haven't tried our 100% Colombian Medium Roasted Blend, I suggest you get going....
Tisk tisk tisk DeMaio...unethical and incorrect editing of Wikipedia content on your page by your office staff...
Support woman for Amtrak thought I said my jello was about five feet tall. Had to explain what cello is, which was harder than I expected.
It is very unfortunate that I am up this early. Screw you College of Business. Screw You. -_-
- Just Left From Chilling With MY Bf Friends ! I Love Those Guys .. Especially .. that Boy Is Crazi !
A man soon learns how little he knows when a child begins to ask questions.
hot boy at dyouville?! WHERE!
ah ya know :p same old same old :/
I'm getting awesome looks in Target right now. Be excited, But don't try to grill She's been sworn to secrecy.
there are like a million del rio's in NY
RT : Stacia Tauscher~ We worry about what a child will be tomorrow yet we forget that he is someone today.
corndogs are the most underrated foods on the planet. Those and deviled eggs.
you did AMAZING tonight. You are so talented!! Great tribute to a great Man. Lionel Ritchie
Bout to hop on Street Fighter x Tekken
We have a new promo going on Lunatikclothing.com. Free shipping thru March 31st!! Code: freeship. Check it out. Plus, new tee contest coming
Baer...Biggest issue is remediation and developmental education.
“: im being a dominatrix for Halloween though !!” I thought u were supposed to dress up...lol
Hello Scott, we would like to offer you a free environmental screening report code. Given that you work with CRE :).
S/O WUZ GOOD BRO!!
Need workers compensation insurance for you PEO? Visit www.risktransferinc.com
I saw it as I was sending it smh
Stage 4 lymphoma! Stay strong buddy tall get this trending and send your prayers to a 14 year old wrestler with dreams as well
Showing up with a cold or allergies for an audition with a kissing scene means faking the kiss ... or landing away from the mouth.
"All trauma Stories"...my Google news feed...hm....click or not to click?
i am so confused in what u just said
I love #Los Angeles so much I wanna make out with it
Q: What is the missing link between the bass and the ape?A: The baritone.
Good night Tweethearts! It's been a long and productive day. Keeping people georgeous is hard work, but I love it! Get your beauty sleep ;-)
My dog doesn't like A Day To Remember. I put it on loud and she put her ears back and started crying.................
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
steelers would be dumb to get hightower
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
Grades dropped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system.
Need me to drop some fresh beats?
el boogie homie. Ya just ell
did she give your name personally?
Thoughts and prayers with Chardon High School in Ohio. Just awful.
Every time I hear the man speak, I am reminded of how much I hate the fact that I am from the state that once elected Rick Santorum
your brooklitism is showing
RIP Steve Jobs.
“You're your problem and you're also your solution." Bridesmaids - Megan (Melissa McCarthy)
Damn this my 10,000th tweet :)) im comin up in the world lol
Foursquare users: keep a lookout for upcoming discounts when you check into Los Equipales Restaurant
@ kiroxa_levesque very good! so happy baby!:) miss all my friends:/ but so yeah! im be happy!:)
I can't wait for the show tonight!!! Should be interesting hanging out with David tonight. \m/(^,^)\m/
collins confuses me
many thanks for your support of independent music !
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work. 2 Thessalonians 2:17 Christian rehab offers hope
Oh shit he bout to shoot you
Goodnight amazing peeps
na they don't cause they don't want to see them in the finals
Shout out to for coming thru to Detroit and killin the show like he was right at home! #DETxCHI Midwest Connect!
But I also have like no tolerance when I'm sleepy
hahahahh F U BRO
god damnit, why cant i live in LA
i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat
You go glen coco!
Craving good weather, lawn chair and some sangria.
Drummed with 26 second graders this morning. They left realizing they are all artists.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Daizu - Japanese term for dried soybeans
#youwassexyuntil you clipped your toenail, and it hit me in the face
Piña Coladas to celebrate Friday and my 2nd day of Vacation! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
of course!
Play a show at wantahg mulchays we go on at 10 come on down for a drink.
That's awesome news!
We got a new vacuum (a dyson) that has fascinated enough to volunteer to do all the vacuuming from here on out.
lol! Happy National High Five Day, #DC!
If the cup is only half full, I suggest buying a smaller bra.
What a concept.
I think I broke my penis. Too much hand to gland combat.
I would die if I don't :'( lol
Successful day thrifting & farmer's marketing w. Great purchases Meish! cc:
thanks girl I'm glad you liked it! =)
Who is playing some ball this weekend? I know I am!
Glad to know there is something called the "Dock Ellis Perforated Head Society" in this world.
i seem like a bother
cute! It will grow back quick!
Thank you dear, how sweet of you
S/O to Brittney Griner for representing my old high school (Nimitz). Baylor stepped up against a nice defensive game plan.
Let's Go #HEAT !
Driving downtown ppl act like they can't get hit
Just like the opera! RT : Thinking about having running subtitles for all my DJ sets
thanks for the RT ~ Designers are my favorite people bcs creativity and intelligence, design is intelligence made visible
Have a fabulous Day dahhhlings <3
Bummed that the Yotes lost but still an amazing experience playing at the game, thanks to all the people that came by to check us out!
Thanks! In Hershey though. It's going to be warm but drizzling.
Hey Wendy I love your show so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle (Mia Joy Candles). ENJOY!!!!!
that's funny
Next upcoming adoption event for Almost Home is FEBRUARY 26 at PET ME PLEASE in Normal HEIGHTS (San Diego, CA)
Sometimes it learns to love
swagswag i think im jerry rice swag #BASEDGOD!! hahahahah
Some lady just walked on the court mid game.
About to go runnin w/ gotta keep my stamina :D
We Support Chris Brown Obviously! I love you baby!
Italian Ice = My Favorite.
Nick Bruel is giving a shutout to teachers @
oh darling sorry should have reply early!can't to night have fun next time next time!
bad puns in my head is what I do best!
Just discovered the ex-wife of an ex-boyfriend started a rumor in the 90's that I died of HIV. Kinda love it!
By the way ... "if only her delivery" is a laugh-out-loud great piece of writing.
Soo me && my lil one had just a great 4th of July! Fireworks over the Lakee is So Beautiful. <3 Now its time for bath time then bedtime.
Had octopus today. Not a fan.
I'm here! Back row... It's short seats in here. :)
It is very hard to work on a long-term project with students whom you don't/didn't teach. Sometimes null researcher effect is no good thing
When you have no words, why not stop and be silent? There's beauty in the quiet. God often speaks in a whisper.
We earn our sleep!
Phillip and Colton:)
Happy New Year, New Mexico! 2012 could be the start of something wonderful. :)
I'm in...but not for the home budget nosebleed I gave last month
Come on Philly..It shouldnt be that hard to score against the DeadSkins...they did let the Rams beat them...
Keep meaning to read that book...
right doe people hating on them smh
Good leaders hire the impressive: GREAT leaders hire the inspired!
I'm not perfect, but I promise I'm worth it...
I don't attend church to get recharged; I attend church to discharge praise to the Lord because I'm over flowing with love and gratitude.
I love Teavana's Youthberry tea .. it's tasty.
Every guy has been talking about this game on my TL! Talk about something else plzzzzz!
Voter 212 at Precinct 29 in Mecklenburg. 125 absentee/early votes already in the house.
" is now following you on Twitter!" So proud of myself right now
"Neal came highly recommended from a family member for the purchase of my new (used) vehicle. I let him know what my specifications were...
What's going on in the Autzen lot?
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Glad i can tweet via texting now. Makes my life so much easier.
I don't want the whole world- the sun and moon and all their light
Continued employment is sufficient consideration for a non-compete in CO.
another audition...
FINALLY #CelebrityApprentice time.
Boot camp this morning was great! Is everybody this evening going to bring it so that we can match the great energy from the morning?
I thought that coined the term #FOMO, from which he frequently suffers, although it turns out has it on lock.
Hey , save me some time and just have consloe.log, cnosole.log, and console.log all do the same thing, please?
Black beans are full of magnesium-helps to relax your muscles.
ok then wat was the fuckin point in even tweetn me... Bye Mf'r
the #UES misses you as well
LOL. Kim Kardashian got pelted with flour on the red carpet!
hop up in my space ship, leave earth MF I'm gone
Make Your Small Business Influencer Nominations Now! Nominations for the second annual Small Business Influencer awards are now being acc
welcome to Kc Poe ready to do big things this season!
Oh, nice! I'll be visiting my friend in SD, so I'll have to ask her more about that.
S/O to the honeys getting money playing niggas like dummies
back to Indy today. Mac Miller tomorrow night.
what a wonderful view you have :)
lol, it's better to be honest
Tracy Manning, Housing Bureau director, refers to Sara in video. HB committed to reducing disparities w/partners & other bureaus.
Building a Net Zero House "Concept Z" - Through energy savings the owner will end up getting a free house!
Kellin Quinn AND Danny Worsnop on the new Memphis May Fire album?! I might just cream in my little girl panties!
God Bless the weekend, finally getting back in the studio this weekend!
Y do black ppl always gota make a scene ? Like clam the hell down.....smh
Phil u hung n there 4ever w few chps where most give up. Shows ur character. Evr find out if ur NL rvr bet-fld vs Lamb correct?
Hey #hyperlib & #transtech students..CONGRATS! And hugs from Portland, Maine!
Hey who can i follow to get TONS of followers??? HELP PLEASE!
wait you're a dipshit slut??? Hahahahaha sweet
Constantly remind others that you are the smartest person in the room and you won't be.
Great! so happy to hear this, & I do know how wonderful it is to get back to a workout, post injury. yay :)
We are so glad Mark was able to help. We are always interested in feedback & strive to ensure our customers are taken care of.
To those who wish to silence us for our questions... #WeWillNotBeSilent #WeWillNotStop #WeWillBeVictorious and
At micheals !!! Bout to get chicken parm!!!!!
#HappyBirthdayKurtCobain and #HappyBirthdayRihanna -- their music couldn't be more different.
"There's thieves among us painting the walls with all kinds of lies..." ::she & him::thieves::
working today on green projects, adventure travel, and music and really looking forward to music session with Chris Decato tomorrow night.
I want to go to costa rica so bad doe
RT : I just need you now.
One of my hardest finals: done. And I actually think I may have aced it.
I WANNA BE LOVED BY YOÜ !! :3
hahah. I randomly hopped on your myspace. <3333333 the song. I <3333333333333 Se7en. x.x;;
I wish my love life was as cute as the ones on tumblr
OH: You've seen my "goin out" boots... you ain't seen my COWBOY boots!
Who's excited for All You Can Eat Wings tonight? M...wings...
plays tonight at 10pm exactly. Free show. Come out and vote them to Bonnaroo!
Everything tastes better with butter.
Respect the grind.
If your children are up running up and down the damn stairs you're failing as a parent
i been waiting for a tweet forever now !
Today in 1989, The Look (Roxette) was a hit.
lol! Thanks man!!
If you want my main. DM me.
Bacc to where i started!!! And for once its a good thing!
U Can Have It Your Way Your Tha Customer
TGIFridays at Miller Park Stadium for lunch!
Only I would confuse the stop "bank for emBANKment and get on the wrong tube, even though I knew it was wrong! Tales of the
happy birthday madi! hope you have an awesome year! god bless u. :) keep smiling!
My business is actually legal.
Ever since I started listening to Im richer, got more girls my piece grew an inch AND im focussed man!
Wright is the guy hiding behind his wife telling her to stop holding him back. It's a show! He's afraid of KRod retribution!
Thanks a lot! :) I'm glad you like it. Feel free to tell your friends haha
oh! I Wouldn't have lived in a hotel If I could have moved my home this Way.
#1 Most Hated Job - IT Director? Open to comments...I think most of my friends/clients might not agree. What do you think?
I need a runner's high right now!
Make a wish
we about too get back in the gym real soon....when y'all take eoct
How could I steal from a person I get money with? I guess I been stealing from her then.
Did some networking and promotion 2 nite and things are looking good for the summer
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Summer weather in Portland: leisurely enjoy quality art and eats in the Pearl District this weekend, and include Gallery 114!
"Even though your love 4 me isn't sincere, mine is 4 U my Dear. Happy Birthday Raven-Symone."
There was an old lady behind me in the starbucks drive thru blasting some techno Shes badass(:
Why didnt anyone tell me had high life pounders for 2 bucks?
Terrific! Try #boulderhomerepair and #boulder instead! Check our Wiki for instructions!
YAY! i'm interning there right now. we are putting on a festival called Culture Shock at Purchase in NY!
"Being gay is natural - hating gay is a lifestyle choice." John Fugelsang on CNNRT via
We love us some Pat Burrell!
Boy, I tell you, the religious sector ain't looking too bright these days. This is just sad.
follow me on instragram
I just need to know you care
You bet. Fond memories from our early days in radio in Boston.
I'm leaving for skiing tomorrow morning, taking a 5 hour drive to the dells. Not too sure if I'll snowboarding just because my ankle hurts.
cant wait!
I KNO WHERE U LIVE!!!!!! I'LL COME TO UR CRIB N PUT FINGER PRINTS ON UR WALLS!!!!!
The truly free and enlightened individual doesn<U+FFFD>t require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
mine too! does this mean were related?
Don't ruin today by worrying about yesterdays problems.<3
The "US" version of the Guardian online drives me nuts; I don't seek out the Guardian to read about American football!
Thanks ... glad you're enjoying it!!
Aw shit, soo much stuff to do. :'/
Nice to meet you Kg, this is MM. Bawhahahahahaha
*Slings a frosty brew* Take one of my beers and let's slog out of this together! Sensing tomorrow will be awesome!
We hope to direct you to many a wonderful happy hour! B sure to use the app 4 early mornin eats and late night treats as well!
i would if i new what a #ff was cuz i'm new to this twitter stuff
How do we create difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
“: Thanks this is a good way to spend my saturday night. I'm really into flat tops.” lol...is hoops good tho?
Mecca,Columbia,walker wear,Wu tang gear, Maurice Malone, Timbo's with the camouflage hats #1997 gear
Ibaka's block of Jason Terry in the 2nd quarter is totally a #SCtop10 nominee. Should've been NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
Cheers buddy, I'm like a fine wine which just improves with age.
San Francisco was awesome. Hope to see you soon buddy. California road trip part 2: Yosemite. Going rogue with nature for a few days.
Toe is purple and still painful. Taped it up but walking hurts. At least this happened over break so I can take it easy.
hahahahha I did not start this one...i may have started Kristen's in my early arson years of a mere 2nd grade...
FUN FACT: March is National Nutrition Month. Eat right! Stay Healthy!
strawberry milkshake and fries animal style is where it's at!!;)
So ready for the RTF show tonight. I got a great seat. Anybody else going?
Sorry just saw this reply -- the TiqIQ tweets are automatically sent by their company. I didn't even notice!!
love it
I can't believe Huff isn't starting.
Coke's Polar Bears are THE WORST. Completely uninteresting and a brand asset of the past. They are less annoying GEICO Cavemen
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+809A><U+5B50> [dùzi] stomach
Man lol I texted yo old number and this man cussed me out :/
#dh2010 Thanks to all who came to Specimen Case/Garden! I was sorry about the no wi-fi. Would have liked the feedback from Twitter.
give ya $20 if you can get one of them to make and hold up a sign targeting ME! (photo evidence required!!)
attended a networking event on Wednesday: HR Whine and Dine. Met some very nice people.
Glad you had a good time!!!
Started a new class today. Currently we are learning how to use blackboard...
that explains a lot..
where and when is that unsigned JUCO showcase? I have some guys that need to come.
we'll call this bitter person Julie. Julie is so bitter that she's been spreading crap about the new person before she even started.
#mortgagenews What ’s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : October 31, 2011 Mortgage markets moved across a wide range last we
sailing w the cap'n again!
soo many mixed feelings that it's screwing up my sleep;
QoD: Being a #mnwild fan, it's easy "This year". It works for every season!
WE LOVE YOU <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABBIIEEEEE (((: I LOVE YOU MORE THAN YOU COULD EVER KNOW. ps- I hope you loved al your gifts! <3
cool thanks for reminding me OOPS
My most awesome girlfriend just got tickets to coachella 2013!!
Wait: And why doesn't he have Bugs Bunny?
Whoever said work isn't worth it has never felt the joy of success.
This women have gone crazy
Checking on u Bossman! We need 2 catch up! We're doing a creative discussion wit Bert frm The Bert Show next Thur u shld come
Enjoyed polanski's carnage. Great characters and amazing dialogue. Was left wanting for more at the end.
At the SMILE, HON: WASTE release party: SARAH JANE MILLER marvels at "the places you'll poo"...
Congrats also to honorable mentions ...
if i were a vampire, i'd sparkle just enough to lower your guard, then i'd FUCK YOU UP! Beware, !
I have to pee so bad now ;)) #toolazy.. and I think I woke my gram up by squealing really loudly every time I replayed Harry's thrust('x
I imagine "You're all trash!" is followed by three quick snaps!
I gotta lotta work to do. Which is more exciting than daunting when you're doing it for yourself.
So many good movies on right now!
I'm telling you Bill Hall was a great pickup for the O's. Veteran with versatility. With all these injuries he's gonna be crucial.
HEY You actually SUCK. Apparently my card was COMPROMISED and they didn't even tell me!!! Canceling my account ASAP.
Reports of THUNDERSNOW in far west end of Richmond!! Very rare event for anywhere in the country
I'm studying but it's obviously not going well...specially cause the book is closed. LOL
Been missing out on sleep. Too nice outside. But tired. So tired.
hans is so photogenic!
Spent the morning preparing my Limited Edition Sketchbook for the next stage. Working with printed book pages for an interesting effect.
NyQuil time then night night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Our prayers go to the people who had encountered tragedies in Indianapolis, Indiana at the Indiana State Fair tonight.
YEAAhhhhhh buddy! This is the year to get it done
To all you judgmental ppl... you don't know my life PERIOD
Let me check...but we try to really keep the site up to date
Any word on why our Sunday game ended? I just got a phone call that said </Hoops> No explanation or anything.
My only complaint about SNL is that they need to be more original. Good job you made me laugh.
Just had a conversation with very talented girl from Dubai one of the most talented singers I've heard and that was just Over an app
Starting round 11!
I work out with my fiancée. Really motivating!
So today was my last day of school, such a bittersweet feeling right now.
going to games stop with my mom today
- if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb.
Lost laptop plug. If I wrote a self-help book, it would be titled "How To Ruin Your Life Without Even Trying: 7 Easy Steps."
No teachers hear today.....Students are all out of order...
I was having Blair Witch Project flash backs, but it is starting to look a bit better now. Thanks!
Omg you heard it , I missed it! :(
Dear students, don't send me a #LinkedIn request with no context. If we've never met, at least tell me why you want to connect.
I Feel Like A Loser -__- I Just Now Started Usingg My Twitter . Lolololololol
Sign on church lawn: "Google can't satisfy every search."
when are you coming back??? Miss u
I thought you were going to make a video of yourself opening all the mail you've received from your fans?
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be. – Robert Collier
You should leave the gym feeling invigorated rather than obliterated. MindFirstFitness
Janet Jackson skinny as hell. Y'all seen the commercial
Oh ya btw waZ up peeps
Bulls in 5, Evan Turner is a jag-off
lol it was online
"Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around." - Anna Quindlen
Worked hard all day and finally finished
why not you can go with youe friends
My thoughts and prayers go out to all in Japan.
Blessed @ Sat night worship w/both sons & families, "God & Satan both vote for u, u cast deciding vote."
It's a fun read;-) -RT- "Leisure reading," says the bartender at of his 34-page spirits list. Let the games begin.
"Threedom" is on NYC Jazz Record BEST OF 2011 list (streets after Xmas).
Ditto here. RT : If Andy Warhol had a twitter...I would follow him.
What a storm O.O
couldn't stop by for 5 min! :(
Happy 200ths birthday, Charles Dickens; my daughter's reading Bleak House...think I'll join her; lots to learn from the master
primary witness to pentagon hit was none other than jeff gannon's boss, I forget his name. #coincidenceNr03629. 9/11
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER FIFTEEN CENTS,WHAT HAPPEN TO THE DOLLAR
Did you send in your vote by mail Application? Only 13 days left to request Vote-by-mail dealine May 29th.
Welcome to the Radiant family!
Everybody is mad about the hesitation with FB today. I think a lot of money was lost because humans could not keep up with trades.
Tell yah the truth I'm sick of being single
Having fun having fun is #love. Keep spreading it!
im seriously trying...its like sometimes i love her but then i dont!..im so weird..Lol
yeahh I know. Anyways, congrats on all your track accomplishments! That's awesome! Keep it up. See ya buddy
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 28
Great boat and great slip too! I want one!
That's Crazy! I Don't Normally Be Single For Christmas & New Years. Oh Well. Lmao. Guess It's Still Doing Me Time. Aha!
hey im in your bio, that's cuttee (;
Guess what? We are also on FB. Come join the fun there facebook.com/CottonwoodMall
I really like your Twitter avatar!
I feel like I got hit by the #schmedia bus. Need a vacation! Did see latest Harry Potter last night, though. Stayed awake throughout!
You ruined my night.
itz not raining then its drizzling
lololol. Remind me?
Hi. My day isn't complete without a grande bold..or two. Kitchen stacked with your k-cups & via. A follow-back would be awesome.
my boss just offered to pay my cell phone if I switched to Verizon.. so.. should I stick with the iphone or should I get something else?
You don't need a parachute to skydive. You need a parachute to skydive twice.
not sure man, we don't have anything in the works yet. just writing away. almost finished!
Whatever you do, just realize the consequences behind it.
thanks for the follow Debbie look forward tho hearing your music!
you kno what I take that back my ass ain't got a/c in my car
ur awesome on #guycode & #ijustwantmypantsback hope to interview you in the near future.
I'd hate to think what incognito mode does then... RT : Every time you clear your cookies an angel (investor) dies.
#positive #pennstate RT : All proceeds from "A Memorial For Joe" DVD sales to benefit Special Olympics Pennsylvania
Absolutely brilliant. Thanks. M
What would make this rainy day even better? Half price apps @ Parish of course! 5:30-6:30 pm. Joe’s Bacon and Beets anyone? Yumm
I know! I didn't watch this season to be depressed..It's a dancing show! Less crying, more Donald.
Ok lol #FridayNightHeat RT : My TL is full of people who want some sexual healing o.O * throws holy water *
RT : You all should really be watching 'Private Practice'. It's a good one! ===>>That's what a DVR is for!
Thanks Jodi. Appreciate the kinds words and RT. Have a fantastic day!
I'm going nuts. But it's good to miss something, then get it back. New appreciation.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has joined us on site for the Women Build!
Quiet Storm kinda night
The butterflies are all over my garden... could it be? Is spring FINALLY come to DC?
Agreed you and ur lady quilter r way cool!
want to see something funny go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there
it's true!
Makeup on the cast of Glee!!!! Singing Stevie Nicks in our chairs!!! Love it.
"Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition." - Jacques Barzun
Good moring, what are you doing today ? :)
RT another thing to add to my list of Egyptians being 1st “: The Egyptians were the first to begin baking bread around 2600 B.C.”
yay, My cheek doesn't hurt that bad anymore, and I can put makeup over my bruise! :D
WORLDS\m/
Mergggg why won't you notice me???
so what happened with the groundhog? are we in store for warm weather... it already feels like it...
Just watched Sex and The City two and it was hilarious! Haha I love
Lol I believe u :) Bro
ima be n a bad mood today..
well I'm gonna try 2 go 2 bed. Night (:
Um. What about ME RT : Is it bad I'm mostly excited about living in Atlanta this summer because I'll be close to Taco Mac again?
Follow my cousin tria_lovinliyah she will f/b
Oh, pshaw. You do not.
Hi Bob.// Hello!
Great News! Announcing the group BLUE MAGIC, will be performing for our Annual event, May 1st!!!!!
I was craving pizza from pizza hut and when I hate it.... It didn't taste what I expected... Lol
Indeed it is so. 16 x 26 Starclassic in Red Sparkle Fade. Also a 9 x 12 and (soon) a 16 x 16. Bonham much?
hill repeats make me tired
keep up the amazing work. #FrozenPlanet is a masterpiece!
That "Hellie Pad" theme music rocks
shut up about prom jk
when I see you I'm gonna go make you talk to random people again hahaha
Just fine! Started working out again and power lifting, next time we see each other I'll bring the carpet. LOL! How is N.Y.?
Teacher Librarians are VITAL in helping teachers and students learn and use technology.
When tries to pump the crowd up, he almost always points at us in 411.
Mr Perry, one question and only one: why does the Jesus Baby hate you?
WOW...... ...Jessica Sanchez sounds AMAZING!!!!
Thank you.
Hey u definitely are Mr.VIP VEGAS. Visiting Vegas hit RW up, he's truly the best with people an knows everyone!
Keep your friends close and your enemies fat.
What is this fraggin' migraine teaching me now?
Coffee. Cream and Splenda please. Thanks.
#morning. Reading your tweets :-P
Thanks for the mention! We have a mutual friend -- Julie Shoerke!
. I may have to do that. Care if I bring the Jiminator? :)
Maybe we can meet up halfway sometime.
since 1940 your team hs won one Cup, let's not get crazy here
Dallas just got one and I have been dying to try it!
Spending the day resting, editing photos, and watching indie/foreign films.
What a PERFECT day for a rally on the mall
Just asked my mom if she can take me to new York to see Austin. She said to tell her when and she would talk to my dad fiwjsbrhqhzjs<333
We missed u at the fray show last night bud!!!! Gotta get up to Nashville and have a Jane sess, me u and Bmack!
omg!! You've grown since we've last talked!!!!!!! Has it really been 97 days???? :)
": Franchise-tying 32nd win tonight! Yes. We. Did. #MoreWorkToDo" We go for the record #33 on Friday night at 7:30pm!!
is so #Smexxiiye Lml ;) well he is
I HATE SLEEPING ALONE.!!! I GUESS IT GOTA BE LIKE THT SOMETIMES!
I'm glad that you choose me to be your promoter I will do everything I can to make your time in Vegas remember able thank you
we might attack Gertrude tomorrow.
You know what's a shame..when you sit down and your theighs squish out to twice their size!! : ))
I'm living on another level. One day I'm up in Heaven and the next I'm with the Devil.
wasn't it awesome?!
Lunch with Ma
AVENGERS WAS FRICKIN FANTASTIC!!! THANK YOU HOLLYWOOD!!!
Getting ready to hit the road.
In order to remember the set of standards that others wanted me to live my life by... I wrote them down in chalk on the sidewalk... FMHY <3
Yes you should come to tonight! We've got BORIS on the decks!
hahahah it did !! Lol i kid. I kid.
I'm just not really into it tonight. Too much bad #Royals karma and a less than enthusiastic training event at work.
Happy birthday God bless!!
So. This whole second episode of The Walking Dead is boring. Hell On Wheels looks good though.
Success is a true character builder, failure is a true character revealer. ~
The whale special is on again this morning! It's so crazy beautiful- work can wait a little longer... Ahh no it'll be on again later...
Well on our way to making SD a deeper shade of blue with our endorsements of & Lightner.
Thanks Barbara you too!
enjoyed the #HealthITJam chat. Looking forward to the next one when I'll hopefully be on my laptop!
do you wanna text? Lol
Hopefully today goes fast
We still have a chance to get his John Hancock! RT : Uh oh. Gardner had a setback last night. Headed for MRI again.
And Alexis loves me more than Amanda.
#Eating right is the Key to A Good Healthy Life
Israel and United States wants to Attack Iran and Syria because not because of Nuclear Energy because of the Oil and Controlling the Region
We now offer a package of 3 Brazilian Blowouts for $500!!! That is an incredible savings!
the way it's looking right now idk whats going to happen
Just heard Emmanuel Jal speak. Former child soldier. Hip hop artist. Poet. Activist. Genius. Walking alarm clock - we gotta wake up.
I wish the sun didn't damage skin so much...I love me some vitamin d!
I know. Crazy how that worked out.
its too late for me lol RT : If u intend on becoming wise don't let ur tongue get more usage than ur brain
watta bout wit me
Last final: crash an event I was not invited to and write a page about it. Any suggestions??
yeah after taking all that he wins of course
Great finds today!! :)
Nap felt too bomb
I'm glad you ACTUALLY did ig gives people hope you know in a certain way
I was hoping to see a sexy Gambit....
You can always put a smile on my face no matter what.
Ok Teague....your shot limit is up for the 1st half. Drive and dish.
Thats was upRT : WONDER TWEET POWERS ACTIVATE!!!
Just had awsome sushi with Tracy, Amanda, and Preston its been a great day :D
Hey chicago fans! Check your email, sent out the meet and greet emails.
Thanks for the feedback and thanks for using ARC!
I'm there, is Yami attending via skype?
can I ask what is faded
1 girl told me she luv to let her pussy breath a lot lbvs
UO professor and author Lauren Kessler will lead a one-day workshop on "Narrative Journalism" May 8 in Portland. turnbullcenter.uoregon.edu
I'm sick of data considered as a plural word. "The data are..." sounds funny and when talk about data, we are talking about datasets anyway.
Reading a passage from the satanic bible before eating.
Blue Olives at the Capital Brewery tonight, 6pm!
Ha! yeahh right.
McCain: "We've got to restore the economy with... the economy."
CAMS looks like round 2 might start... break of .0006 is key IMO
Cmon Jerry Hairston! We used to be friends! Be nice!
You think I should wear a V neck?
I know she really is, that's why I consider myself lucky to have her :p
Heading into competition for Mrs. United States tomorrow and I'm READY!!! Let's do this Nevada!
Put your head on the chopping block- stick to your commitment by telling everyone your goals and deadlines. -Bedros Keuilian
Follow Me Please!? 57
Finally back at school -_- i havent been here in like 2 weeks, blahh, too early as well -.-
No doubt we in your corner.
Head out to a Mustangs game!
has his mind on his money and a puppy on his feet, the first is elusive but the latter is sweet.
You could always come hear me sing on April 28th! ;)
"No students is engaged if they are sitting raising their hand during independent work time" Randy Sprick #
Rain streams off the roof, Dripping, tapping, and rapping, Splashing my window.
Old style hippies follow one way. New evolved Hippies are burners. :-)
agreed, and i'll get a FuelBand when it tracks run data. Nike is smart giving Fuelbands to big names like and
Man....I'm ready to lock myself a padded room and crank out this
Had a few auditions this week at the larger audition facilities and they were deserted. Spooky.
I'm just going to wallow in my sickness. I hate the mucus in my throat, worst taste ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
good news. Thanks for your patience. See you in Houston!
You're sick in the head.
get better!
Now I get it through the univ. but used to have BC/BS - and it worked out the same no matter what premium/deductible comb.
Country strong<3
Good shabbas, baby. RT Sang my first #synagogue gig ever tonight and kind of liked it.
Oh, you're not like other girls? Please, say more things other girls say.
I'm so hungry :(
;) ok good, hope you're having a wonderful day jennifer!
oh yeah and knee high socks with short booty shorts!!! heck yeah
No no no no :( Why must i be getting sick right now!? :(
wish you you were too. Next time.
sounds pretty cool, im downloading some of their music ASAP lol
having your best friend be your date. >
RT : Third time. This shuttle is the biggest attention whore. "Look at me, I'm riding on a plane!"
it seems its stirring up a lot of controversy!
The mad hatter is mad y'all.
then isn't that good?
chile, i know. i have all kinds of filters for other things. it's not worth it for one day. lol.
lol no I don't want to watch it I see it enough on my TL .
WHAT THE HELL
Happy birthday ma :) #LOVERBOI RT : Happy Birthday To Mee
"Proper Preparations Prevents Poor Performance." that's what Ace always tell me. B-).
“After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.”
I was kinda pumped when you RT'd me on Friday! Does that make me a dork? :-)
": Thxs 4 all the love SA FANS" Glad you're coming to the Spurs, T.J.! Back home to Texas
You can't cross the sea by merely standing and staring at the water. ~Rabindranath Tagore
NJoying dinner@ Pigskin Club Awards Dinner- DC Youth Rock!
Thymoquinone is proving to be a total game changer for everything from inflammatory disorders to cancer & I FUCKING LOVE THESE NEW SHOES!
I am thinking that new song "Funny the Way It Is" might possibly be up in their top 5 best, maybe top 3.
Watching The Ring (horror movie, not opera cycle). How did I miss this creepfest and its nifty glowy green filter?
I CANT ERASE MY TWITTER JUST ERASE THE THE BOOZE SHARE THAT POWER JUST NOT THAT MONEY I DONT NEED DON COMMITTEE
Happy hour? Thursday? Dang! I'm in DC all week.
Louisville Cardinals to the Elite Eight! You all keep saying we can't, and we just keep shocking y'all!
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
Strawberry fields forever
Summer is slow, w/ the occasional flurry of dozens of summer camp kids at once. A great time to drop in for an inadvertantly private tour.
RT : Hilarious that so many "lost in translation" misunderstandings seem to be between the Americans and the Brits!
excuses hahahah kidding
thank u!!
Rape that "FOLLOW" button and follow me! I need 100+
Check out JJ Grey and Mofro's song Ybor City!
OBAMA's GSA and SECRET SERVICE jobs are MOST DESIRED among men aged 13 through 85 : )
congrats on your win last night. Did they do a review of your play at second? Pretty certain you were Safe!
First good corner...
i need to practice my sax...
LoL! Welp on that note, morning Bevy!!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet The Ratchet List
me either i think this amber girl is jus trying to get noticed by alex
Merry Christmas everyone!
all printed out
god is fantastic.
Good work by the Trib. It is absolutely correct. It's a great city not only to start out by to reinvent yourself.
Driving behind a Mustang on the way to work. Interesting turn signal. I had no idea that Cylons were really among us.
putting this Shuggie Otis sample to work.
Alright.. I'm out.. Good night.. :)
-_- never want this day to reoccur again.
Played any good competitive games of butt darts lately?
and now I'm obsessed with Game of Thrones.
Well that sucked so u cry and u get tens damn
I am celebrating the fact that I don't have any kids going to school in Clayton County! What a Soap Opera!
Hoes think "STD" means, suck that dick .
I mean ive never been the one to hate on anybody like that, there is no reason to.
Welcome !!! Could not be happier tonight!!!
can we watch bruno sometime in the near future?
Thanks, Kelvin!
i would've gotten you the shack for first meal back, lt
I would still sleep all the time though! Ugh. SLEEP IS WONDERFUL, SYDNEY.
just noticed you ARE #N1 on keek, so proud!<3
SH*T I'm so f*cking mad right now!!!!!!,
I use to follow everyone i know but now im unfollowing all the odd people.
#nowreading + #obsessed w/ "Art of Engagement: Visual Politics in California and Beyond" by Peter Selz. Great flow + just packed w/ artists.
I am so awkward! The box office tenant tells me to enjoy my movie....I say "thanks, you too!"
Hi stranger. Don't worry even if I go that weekend, I'll come back!
Her hair down & im down her phone off so DONT DIAL
Thanks for sharing! great photo! :)
On the road to Sheltonia!!
still doing homework since I got home. U should do it for me
I make the TiVo noises for FF and RW every single time.
can't wait to see you in head to toe cortnal gear!!!
My vacation is officially over and my weekend was super fun!!! Had a great time with
Louisville/Indiana fans: no one will ever investigate your recruits. NCAA only investigates top players.
for lunch to cure those
Hate when I get a great idea for a book to write & then google & find others have already done it. Hmm...
that i look gross? Lol
What's sad is he don't see what he's doing to me and he don't care I'm done and leavein forever
You turned your back on tomorrow, because you forgot yesterday.
rewriting a social compact reflecting our highest aspirations has been done before, and can be done again. Diana Aviv
RT : RT : RT : So many hard choices at #heartcamp - I want to hear everyone!
behind 4MRW.....its never been done before Lololol
Love your style! RT Thanks for the follow!
I disagree sorry!! ": Shut up! You're the only delusional here!!! “
Son was out of sorts, needed day at home. Would have 2 say we did nothing 4 mom's day, but still wonderful day w/ son and hubs.
Cinco de mayo just made my list of things that can go get fucked.
FORECLOSURES ARE DOWN IN THIS COUNTRY. NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY REAL ESTATE AT THE LOWEST PRICE. NEXT YEAR, PRICES WILL BE UP BY 30 PERCENT
Thank you!
my brothers! I've been so out of touch! Happy Thursday to you both. #makemiracleshappen today!
Packers trade up! This is crazy!!! Last time Green Bay traded up to NE? became a packer...
it's agitating >_<
"Hard working insomniac with hiking addiction meets goth vegetarian living under a punk rock. " - Me
#Bones Fans ...Tune in. Booth son "Parker" is on Tonights episode of CSI Miami!!
I like it, it's good. It's missing... Something. Boobs. Throw some boobs in there. - HBO
#TheReasoniWillSucceed is because I don't care what other people think or say
Lookin at my baby sleepin like a baby.
yea i took that into consideration then looked at his stats an said im guarantees 30+ homers who would u have picked #1?
The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012! Let's GO!
on NBC Lice Miami in 1 hour!
ALERT: Fonts HD will launch its very first font auction on eBay beginning this evening at 8 pm EST. Auction will run for 5 days.
shut up coon
The lady at the ticket booth said "what time would you like it?" In a sexy voice & I hella started laughing xD
Come On People Lets Trend It! #PrayForNorway!!!
I miss my girl. I really do.. It feels like I'm falling apart not being around her.. But ima make sure she gets an I love you everyday..
Got checked out today. #UnderTheWeather :(
Thank you One Direction and for accompanying me at work
So, no French 3 for me this year. Can't fit it in :/
Cream Lounge Tonight! Get Wired Industry Priced Drinks! EVERY1 FREE ALLNITE! TEXT 602.561.9649 for Bottles!!
when r u going to know for sure
I know a lot of people are upset that Sherri Shepherd got voted off but I am glad b/c she got "extra help" ahead of time. Karma.
S/O to everyone who joined the at on Friday! This weekend introduces !
I thought that was vague enough to not be spoilery!
Looking for property management companies to network with in Houston, Katy, Sugar Land, and Kingwood.
revenge! so addicting
Now it's time for "Young Adult" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Changes by 2Pac
Congrats to Massa & the UNO Mavs on the shutout. A little late on my part... damn internship!
Tell Golic that Shrek called and wants his face back.
Ah, mention of renters, but renters implied to not care about community or crime in comparison with homeowners.
So where are all these blind shut-ins to whom everyone on Facebook is excitedly describing the northeast weather today?
Me as well!
haha it would :)
You brought this upon yourself... Should have never brought the buckeyes into it
I used to not have a problem with my mom until lately, idk if one of us has changed, but as I care less she cares more.
Every other knowledge is harmful to him who does not have knowledge of goodness. - Michel de Montaigne
RT : Girls have the stupidest conversations. No wonder guys zone out when we're talking
need a friend right now. but i feel like they wouldnt understand me at all.
I'll pass that along to him. Thanks!
LOL! It's for
dailykos up to their usual high level work w/fakeBobEhrilch twitter account. I smell fear. Maybe the interns shouldn't handle the tweets
Just saw a turtle on the side of the road... Scared me to death..
It's gonna be first come first serve on this first run. We'll send out notices!
P.s. I left my purple ballpoint pen on the stage. If your group goes up next could you please get it?
Why do people follow you and then unfollow you a few days later if you haven't followed back? Is a stupid number THAT important to you?
Hello summer
Overheard while playing "Honey if you love me, you'll smile": "You're thinking about dead babies, aren't you?"
Ok sorry
SO excited for dinner tonight at CityGrit! It will be my first taste of cooking from , heard nothing but great things!
RT Is Onlive Pirating Windows and Will It Cost Them?: An anonymous reader writes "When Onlive, the network gaming c......
Someone tell malyah im on fya she should work tonight!
Thanks for the follow, GhouL H. CLoWnie! I love clowns and love drums... we'll get along fine.
there is free parking! you should see signage hopefully - this is sponsored by
Vikings have a bad case of "fumble-itis!" Seems to be incurable!
You should learn to take a joke as easily as you take a dick, you whore
is THE man!!
you could rock Pocahontas, I'd buy it.
Mad props to the waitress who kept a totally straight face waiting on 2 crazy kids in snuggies.
: At the president's opening session on archaeology in the media...what kind of information goes into a #SAA77 press pack, I wonder?
we'll put up a video :)
Weird feeling to walk down the street in a strange city and run into people you know.
Rather spend it all while I breath in it and that #OVOXO is all the fuck we believe in.
Groupon a Gift Certificate? If so, they (and maybe their clients) could be violating expiration date laws
What's your involvement with this book? Are there pictures inside?
I'm flattered...would love too!
Does austin really have a gf?
Join us tonight at 8:30 for Rob "the Wild Boar" Moore!
caleb is walking around with my phone saying, "hello, anna, yes, anna". lol.
Thank you for supporting and helping raise awareness about the #coworking revolution!
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
I'll play you
just because i think about you dosent mean i want you back.
“: What u walk away from determines what u walk in2 #dontsettle”
thanks for mentioning my post.best Ilona
sorry dude..
Thank you!
Really though, where do the girls dressed in nothing draw the line with their costume choices tonight?
These people are significantly weirder than I originally perceived.
RT : So I'm super excited about meeting some of the team at this summer!
yea it dose lol
like that idea!!!!
Lmao Funny shit I need a dose of fuck it
Fuck I just ran out of beer, Time to make an LIQ run.
TO THE CLOUD!!!
that number sounds arbitrary and not true.
I was glad to meet you, and sorry I didn't get to brag of my own long-distant background curating a special collection!
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! WERE ONE BIG FAMILY AND NO ONE WILL EVER CHANGE THAT! We love you!!<3 (:
Who wouldn't want to lower monthly expenses? This is just one of the many benefits of Volly. AMS 505-899-3104
RT : You Play Ball Like A Giiirrrrl!! -Ham Porter #TheSandlot b there 2morrow it's finna b a good night!
Even on days when we can't do a full workout, we do something. Today, we did 1 super-set of push-ups, dips, and planks, 3x15ea. Felt great!
Your answer wants to switch focus&does not put down the facts we presented you with about solar energy.
Took a late lunch so I could catch some of the season opener of #redsox vs tigers. 15 mins in get a hair on fire email from a client. Sigh.
:: WI Appeals Court rules voter ID law will not be used for 6/5 recall election. Details on
Congrats on the big win!
how cute!
Maybe a nice roundup of selling your used iPad or iPhone on Gazelle or Nextworth.
lol, seems more appropriate.
The producers hope your not smarter than the characters on their shows, so dummy up
you are killing Randy with the Lion King song he is laughing his ...... off lol
oh. glorious moment when your tears have healing powers too.
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan!
Yeah? I would love that so so much!!
If I mind my business I'd hope you'd have enough respect to mind yours too.
What are you trying to watch on a bootleg??
Thank you so much. Made my day!
-__-omg,slap me
#Libra where MB will take you on your birthday: a FUN museum
As Robin in
I love breakfast for dinner : )
So happy with my rescue dog can't wait to shower her with love!!
Looking for commercial & residential property managers looking to outsource insurance and risk management services.
Thanks to the great volunteers from and Genworth Financial yesterday at 's
You like that college?
stop saying "most controversial". How about: contentious, dubious, questionable or ridiculous ending ever
Dinner with friends, breakfast with ex. Gym before 7a.m. Life sure looks different on the other side of sober.
This about says it all for me today! I'm so grateful for the love I have found hereThanks tweeple TEDxSF - Louie Schwartzberg - Gratitude:
Have u finished your Xmas shopping? If u need gift ideas get 's book PUSH! Im lovin it my be my fav book ever.
Yeah let's keep supporting a douche bag celebrity! Way to go mike vick maybe next you'll buy your way out of a DUI or hit and run with a kid
looks like the ballot is as kind to you as it was in 2006 :)
check out the spy museum.. very cool! Have fun!
I always make sure it is! Haha #feelingcocky RT : - I got the feeling this is going to get interesting!
My point was I find it odd to try so hard to disprove something unless there was doubt to start with.
Good thinking, Zoe. I'll keep it a secret.
I've always wanted to go in like a huge field and scream at the top of my lungs
Keep in mind the desperate attempt to keep the experiment going. The word "domestic" and "pet" gets attention.
haha sounds appealing, but I'm stuck on a set. And can't have wine until Sunday. But thanks!
way overpaid. Low motor. Takes too many plays off.
In your profile picture you look exactly like the Happy Mask Salesman from Majora's Mask
Monday's got you down? Check out the happy-hour deals Sullivan's Steakhouse - Chicago!
One more week. And its a smoke ouutt
I'm not a boy and at least know your facts!
Rajon Rondo has taken Steve Nash's delayed-pass from the lane to the next level.
However, that is completely unrelated to the stadium deal, but at the same time makes a deal look more impressive.
That's hilarious, and no I absolutely sensed the opposite! That's why our conversation was so refreshing.
Every1 who thinks that Ryan dunns death was fake is extremely stupid. Unfortunately he's dead. Best of wishes to his family. R.I.P Ryan Dunn
Decide whether including a recipe for cherry limeade pie on my blog is appropriate since I haven't written on food since last year.
Sweet!...Have to try one...but gonna skip the run...will leave that for you!
2-1 #Chelsea win over Man U. Just like that it's their #epl title to lose. 5 games left and they have a 2 pt lead over Man U
I don't know about Portland ME, or about them trying for MLB. Portland Oregon tried to get the Expos and was one of three finalists
I am going to work tomorrow!
I warned you!!! has left the building at least for a moment until her face is back to normal color ;)
Was fun! Go w/ a big group & try lots of different things. some plates better than others. Might be only dim sum place in WI.
Hungry? Jimmy John's is fresh, fast and tasty! So don't wait any longer... go and pick up one of their gourmet sandwiches today!
that tweet is only allowed if its ironic and sadly it's not.
I NEED AL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Even at 25 huffing helium never gets old. Probably bad for
I know :( So sorry we let you down on the way home!
Do you have mad skills?
Challenge is a dragon with a gift in its mouth…Tame the dragon and the gift is yours. Noela Evans
Hit her. You could take
and are very fun! Am honored to be tweeting next to them!
please say a prayer for me. love to u n ur family. i am sick. will never forget bsb in st. louis
93% of individual donors would give money again if they were asked by a nonprofit that thanked them promptly & in a personal way.
I checked them out they straight Lil brah
ST Voyager On Netflix The Killing Game Part 2
ok thank you !
I'm so annoyed. Like always
how many more season till we find out who "your mother" is?
im applying for jobs
Poor paula. That's truly sad.
and loving it!
They don't make couples like that anymore. A old man madly in love with his wife. Still opens the door and takes her coat for her..
Yes! I just told that it was like game 162!
Happy Holidays to all of our FaceBook family...............
"Check out my new face lift(website)! www.loofahsoapsncreations Does it say cheeky?...me???
you took it from me cuhs .
kinda creepy.
hey there. Any chance of a weather forecastfor Saturday in West Lafayette Indiana for Purdue game ?
they are super tall thin dudes!!!
biology overload
Red Cross Heroes Luncheon today was more than Inspiring!
#10thingsaboutme; #8. i have a dog that i love more than anything in the world, shes turning 13 years old, shes older than me:(
Sprint CEO to take pay cut as iPhone costs pinch (Siddharth Cavale/Reuters)
You can come and vacation at my house. We have cats.
Day Two of is off to an excellent start. 10 iPad apps for inclusive ed was awesome.
New in Reference Universe: Encyclopedia of Immigration and Migration in the American West from Sage Reference Online
I focus on the positive, the rest will work itself out.
Don't be a "have not". Look at what you have and work with it. You will be able to go after your goals a lot easier. (daryldorsey.com)
Turned on Frozen Planet...now I really have no reason to cuss at the TV. I guess I had a reason or 2 earlier...we'll get the cup next year
It's scooter weather again!
everyone has a secret that not even your bestfriend knows.
Y'all remember our episode w/ of fourfour? He's blogging ANTM again! He's tweeting about it right now!
Class + broken laptop = the worst
Shout out to everybody for a ff
Ah... Fun weekend! Thank you Caitlin, your hat is fab! Can't wait to see my ladies tonight!
Don't understand the whole "stop while you're ahead" thing. If I'm ahead, why would I stop?
Are you tired of your boyfriend/girlfirend cheating on you? Are you wondering why you are here on earth? Well then follow
..i love it when the wind blows and makes the trees wave hello...... #deep, lmbo
how did you find me? lol (:
Do you know who I am? I'm JEFF GOODMAN! RT: : Went to pick up credential, was told I wasn't on list-for Ohio high school hoops.
don't forget to trade pokemons with the security guard
Trust in the LORD with all your heart&lean not on your own understanding;in all your ways acknowledge him,&he will make your paths straight.
very disappointed that all the work I did yesterday in omnigraffle seems to be gone
Happy Mothers Day (:
Love Tea Party Express emails. Textbook how to disempower. Today's subject? RECALL UPDATE: We lost control of the Senate as Senator resigns
Hey ! When are you announcing the T-Swift look-a-like contest winner?
I just read his tweet on Bono and I was magnetized to follow. Thanks for the recommendation LMAO
Blazers down 29-60 in the 3rd quarter to the Knicks? Just blow it up. I like Nate McMillian, but his time might be up.
Bad loss for ur Bucks bro ...
we literally JUST walked in! :) RT : yea you do!! Awesome be safe and make sure you hit up wet willies
women seeking lust they believed in love you shouldnt start a chapter if you cant read the trust
Why do I always get the best ideas for new items when I have a million other things to do?
#Pamela&Chase. I miss them!!
Happy Birthday Hope Its A Great One!
how im bein stupid???
I’ve been a walking heartache I’ve made a mess of me the person that I’ve been lately ain’t who I wanna be
My Google Calendar for the next 2.5 weeks is enshambled. :(
have a great fundraiser tonight!
Always && Forever <3
": Hey look! Brittney Sager has morphed into this morning on #WAKEUP We're talking storms this AM."
Good Luck bestfriend (: kick some butt and your going to do great! Run like the wind bullseye!!<3
« You broke my heart.. You made me feel pain»
thanks for the gTalk tip - just had a family videochat w/ grampa, daughter, & Buttons
haha yeah definitely don't want another parking ticket or to bump into a car again :]
Love it! Couldn't agree more. RT : Change happens when persistence outlasts resistance.
Ready for this fever to break... :( 3 days!!!
Awl my followers, go follow ! She has ah-mayzing YouTube videos!
Lmmfaooooooooo WHY do they keep interviewing METTA WORLD CLUCK
I'm really not a fan of this season, so I may have a biased opinion, but I only think 2 or 3 S3 eps stand up to S1/S2
Where I'm from we don't talk about we gotta be about it. If you're talking about it, you're just bragging. - Brad Pitt
#imagine Austin:Ever since i met you nobody is else is worth thinking bout,*yourname* i love you You:i love u to*kisses you gently* -anna
would you expect any less???
Happy Wednesday. If you happen to have any plastic bags, our Shops can use them. This is a great way to recycle, and help the Cultural Ce...
random biblical conversations with strangers in goodwill >
Wah still no voice :(
#VoteRNG ALL NIGHT BABY!
Great conversation, smart people. Thanks for letting us play along. RT : Brainstorming our next two-year program theme!
yes indeed!
Whale Wars tonight!!
great song
My bottom teeth are crooked... Uhooohh
“: I hate it when the guy I like is talking to another girl. I don't know why, I just do :\” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
How gonna flirt on sum hella freaky ish den turn round n say wow u jus nasty -_- I said same thing u did except u gotta pussy
you got it!!!
Toaster strudels need more icing
- Thanks for the follow, Felicia.
Had a great time reminiscing about student affairs and talking IT at NASPATech #. Good luck everyone. let us know how EDUCAUSE cans help.
que chistoso! Translate that
Tragic irony that it is great evening for run along lake in Chi but can't b/c busted knee slipping on ice on bike on Greenway just week ago.
N now 1st shift late.....grrrrrrrr.
Go for it Al. What's the event? Ride safe!
That's the coolest shit 50 did in a while
When Ovechkin is with a woman, does he protect himself with a condom or a headbutt?
I got mad floors pace and a blow up bed for ya! Lol
Pleasure was mine - Thank YOU!
I go to parties sometimes until 4. It's hard to leave when you can't find the door cuz they shut all the lights off
My mentions r dead,nobody seems to tweet me like they used to :(
Recruiting for a Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO. This role will be responsible for supporting the internal audit function …
you'd be the best boyfriend ever just like justin , you'r all any girl would EVER want, your so sweet (: follow me maybe <3
If being a bitch is what it takes to make my point clear then I guess thats what ill have to be
“: The track meet tonight was fun(:” only cause you saw me run sexily ;) #TrackSucksTho!
I saw this and thought, "he's lost another phone?"
Social media 101: Don't over-measure what is only a small percentage of your communications mix!
wow, my dad would turn on the house alarm, and motion detectors while im still here -__-
looks like we'll need to look out to next week or after I'm back from travel. Is lunch on the 5th open?
nice! Sounds like a perfect night!
I can relate to the lack of sleep. It makes for a long day :(. Hope your day goes well otherwise :)
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
Right now I'm just thinkin things through...
At the beach (8
ok Will do
Aw thank you!
I have no fucking clue. Came to bed instead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's official, Sound of Silent Film is moving to a weekend! Fri, April 1 and Sat April 2. Film lineup to be announced soon
Somethings better done in person than VIA Facebook...
Cool Facebook trick: If you hit your browser's BACK button really really fast a bunch of times in a row, you'll end up on Myspace.
I do post :smugfavre:
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking....
Gimme a break Timbers fans, you're making yourselves sound stupid.
too soon still, add up the others besides Hunstman
Great day!!!! Now swimming and drinking with the wedding party :)))!!! Fun fun!!
Where oh where is ?
i think that's what you get, audience shift. it tries to emulate ted talks, but rarely duplicates the interest.
Wtf is today....make lena mad day?!...
my computer is not able to save the form to inter to be a model for your makeup line. is there another way to participate?
#Hawaii has offered Maryland 2014 safety Kobie Walker, joining the #Badgers and #NCState. Talk about a fun official visit (minus the flight)
a nap sounds pretty good right about now
no...preciate you!
home and power?
Asking a question should not take 5 minutes.
So theres a dead cat in the street and i decided to look at it and i looked at the head and the eyes were open still.. Ewwwww
Whew. And tied series 3-3. Game 7. Again. I land 7:10 Saturday night, out afterwards. I am thinking I need to revise my plans now... #Caps!
hey hot stuff, I'm enjoying you very much at the moment
im just a boy that a woman could make a man of
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! Ive been waitin my whole life 4 u 2 follow me & it wuld mean da world if u did!! <U+E32D><U+E32A><U+E022> #NSN ILY very much <U+E056>
Best TV ever!
Going through your yearbook and saying "ew" when you see the pictures of people you hate>>>
No, wait--crew decides to stay and fight. Monster attacks Cinder...Cinder is killed.
can't wait till
speaking at the #140Cuse conference on building software for social.
Proud to be a freak. :)
Que suena con los angeles!
yo domino your dominoskis want to meet you!
Castro Benedict sounds like a very fancy breakfast... and I approve of this meeting.
Well, I didn't expect that outcome. They did shoot lights out though.
i miss u booobie pie
": There's a crazy sand storm in El Paso Texas WTF I got sand in my mouth,eyes& shoes." I live here!:D
101 on bio test! Hell yeah!
Don't be easy to get, or you'll be easy to forget.
What do you think the number of #MostTweetsInADay is?
Without rules on keeping individual member records, i'm afraid many will get trashed...
HealthJibe makes it easy for people to track their health information and healthy activities.
I feel betrayed by because I woke up this morning to watch Boy Meets World and it was not on!
Willie D is my Fucking nig!!!!!
Bonus clue to May's crossword up on our facebook page (157Live) ...
#Bees collect special plant and tree resins to prevent and fight colony illness, not to eat.
Be mindful of what u throw away, be careful of what u push away and think hard before u walk away
still unsure whether to go with wordpress or blogger for our Art project the essence of the Mapuche...what is your experience?
ever wonder what your name is spelled backwards? Ah, Satan. Maybe I should be worried.
Ramapo plans jobs website to link local employers, seekers
how hard is it? And it's cuz community college is easier and cheaper to do. What your college cheap?
The "I Want You Back" trend kindda reminds me of Cher Lloyd's song.
Oh you bout that life fam
In case anyone thinks Russia is our friend, I happened upon EL version of Pravda a few days ago: Obama. He's a "street thug."
absolutely nothing
I have made a vow to myself to remove all drama and negativity from my life...."NO ONE IS EXEMPT"
Congrats Zak-getting mine tomorrow! RT : My book #DarkWorld released in all Barnes & Noble stores this Tuesday! please retweet!
#Spurs, get it together, will ya?
not been on Twitter for a week or so-.- follows and they follow back asap:-) btw gemma, 1MONTH TODAY<3<3.
Get that shit out there bitch
At Soho house with a Grammy winner and a Pulitzer Prize winner!
haha I'm so sorry
I want to learn the ways of the 4th and become a jedi like my father.
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This horror movie was shot and completed in 2009, but wasn’t released until three years later in 2012. What is it?
Good morning! I'm up so early after a 3 hour sleep
Going to kali's(:
follow me please2
they are twins they were on x factor also Irish simon could not stand them but i love them
Downloading new iphone software. I've heard mixed reviews.
watching one of the scream movies ? I'm probably gonna pee my pants loll .
I know what you mean! Your blog is fantastic, by the way!
I'm feeling good about the clap claps, too, btw. Big w tonight.
hahahaha... It's definitely still a startup. I prefer it over webex or gotomeeting; I've never used tried it on my iPad. :)
In case you were wondering, a MacBook Air can handle having an apple w/peanut butter dropped on it.
RT ": Men of character overshadowing the Thug. It's the Oklahoma way. Finish it off Thunder!"
Im assassinating s serial rapist pyromaniac. hugz!
yeah ikr.. But I've done went to the gym twice n the last 24 hrs so I'm good 4 the moment
get it jared.
When facing a massive deadline, I fucking love to clean. Everything. Twice.
Sgt. Slaughter FTW. The only one who's a member of G.I. Joe, and kicking facial hair to boot.
Enjoy Porta Palazzo and your visit to Torino.
thank you BFF
seeking print sales professional in Philadelphia PA
that is a terrible towel...you a packer fan yet?
omg jaz!!! Can u model??? Email me
no im not??? Im honest
i Just Texted You.
hanging out with Reconnection Youth tonight!, these nights are akways fun! , then hime to do HW ,,..
This is fantastic.
Thanks Allen!
brb teleporting to texas
Hey Nikki. It's my birthday today. Can you say "Hi" to me? It would mean a lot to me.
What are your favorite bedtime rituals?
Still drooling over the dior show
im so mad i cant go see you guys in concert! D:
Ready to cast my vote for the first politician to run on the "Hunger Strike" platform.
Edvard Munch's "The Scream" to be renamed "OMG".
Thx! hope to cu again soon! RT : -just dined at Michael Mina's . Cuisine was truly fantastic.
Then you'll just have to find another time.
I feel you LOL
I watched! I watch Victorious everytime! I love it! You are the best:)<U+2665>
heh heh heh have said a few of those and heard many more...
Mike Vick is going to get a 100 million dollar contract. Anything is possible in America!!
There you go : )
maybe, maybe not c;
pool's been open for a few weeks but never considered going swimming until today. #SummerWhereAreYou?
Next week will unveil all 32 new #NFL uniforms at an exclusive event in #NYC. Our editor will be on hand—be sure & follow!
i love all the skinny bitches i work with
i need to go shopping for summer clothes, my wardrobe is beat
Yo, girls are gonna love your new twit pic swag.
I got you
Yes! Nadia and the crew are wonderful. The view is unbeatable. Let us know how you liked it and
I found Gene Wright from (one if the #BizComm12 Panelists) at #BizExpo :)
its because im always awake. Sorry if i woke ya! I was seeing if he was still awake lol
I dont trust you anymore, not after what i just heard. You're pathetic
I'm not lying !
What did you do over the weekend? Best story gets my love and admiration!!
Way to go Ed. I'm sure it will be a movie that evokes emotion. Finally!
The thing I love most about being a Socialist is that unless you have your Master's from an Ivy League school, you can NEVER join the club!!
That was to SOUTH magazine. I believe the pub you referenced is a small, independent south-side newspaper.
be happy your grandma is alive.
Somewhere great!
If I am going to live stream I am going to do it right. Backdrop in place. Who wants to have a hand in making some cards?
great to see. Maybe we will meet.
I kinda like lil dicks they cute RT ": yes girl! No little dicks allowed"
I have way too much fun with seltzer water.
haha brother sister feud via twitter right now tune in!
it was like in btwn! not really crazy but some people were very.. outgoing! xD
There's ony by on role of brand for nonprofits and one by CEP on their new strategy tool - yes, COF LA - you?
Lil Josie sayin 'John... Happy!' when goin to bed, yeah I'm kinda melting
I lost 3 followers!!! D:
Couple opens store to sell antiques, estate items
“: I'm excited for high school open gym to start tomorrow. #yeee” for what!?
Thank you! I really want to give hope to others experiencing what I am. :-)
is taking home the award for Tweet(s) of the Day!
Happy New Year from both of us. Figure I better say so before the cabernet kicks in. Z.
looking good u got what it takes
Looking forward to playing the Stone Pony on January 13th! Tickets at ticketmaster.
Get a can of compressed air, prolly has dust in it! And I need one too, I'm tired of my POS comp hahaha
Congrats to Melissa McCarthy! Loving the #Emmys and what a fun musical surprise.
Is up now. So go hit dat follow button, that is,
Not listening and not paying attention are signs of ADD. Sometimes people with hearing impairments can be misdiagnosed as having ADD.
South and Midwest #RegionalSemifinals happening today! No better way to watch it than with $5 dozen bone-in chicken wings.
And now the bases are loaded. BOBBY!!!
yes! I have those too! My favorite little foot slave got them for me.
And here's some more... This goes very smoothly to have them all in my draft box ready to go on Friday! (;
as far as we know!
In business, there's a phrase location, location, location. In Christianity, location is most important when it deals with the will of God!
Loiter squad in a bit
Giving a talk? Sounds great. Where 'bouts, topic?
Sometimes it can be so hard to say no
...and he needs to learn how to text
Gave Draco his monthly bath. Surprisingly, he doesn't roll in the grass afterward like Basil did.
Hows everyone doing? The Florida Cooper Point Street Team has 194 followers. Can we get more? Tell everyone ya know(:
Some peoples attempt at humor really make me cringe
Thanks for the RT. Apperciate it. RT : RT : "Baptized in Muddy Waters" Ayron Jones & the Way...
Fun day with the cousins!
DNT SND ME THOSE DAMN DMS. KEPT ME UP ALL NITE RETARDS!
Well I do track
This junt I seen in tha store today tho>>>>>>>>>>>
T2: #mHealth is used to quickly respond to information needs on the spot. In CLM meetings, grand rounds, etc.
Atlas Network's founder Anthony Fisher started turtle farm in Caymans. Was producing MORE turtles, they shut him down too.
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 3
Emeralds are a symbol of undying love.
Who's staying in town for Labor Day Weekend and partying with us poolside!?
You kidding? If I have an accidental baby anytime soon there's no way I'm giving up my stay at home rights!
: Yep, instead of going back to the past like Midnight in Paris, this is Rome...in the future!
. we heard about your shaving yourself + tattoo prop bet. How about doing it live on air?
Following spree? Tweet me!
Clearly RT : "[Mark Sanchez] knows if he doesn't play well & does, it could be a QB controversy in NY" -Jerry Rice
Cookies and hard chocolate milk
Red Light, Green Light! Haha
You get on my nerves.
waiting to watch her highlight film she is most definitely ready to be a pro.
<U+E312>Happy Birthday!<U+E312> Hope it's a good one!
One of our upcoming music videos is going to be huge. We're going for that #1spot with on this 1.
hahahaha, Subway is better..
Great FIOS. Now you are jumping on the"sexist against men"commercial bandwagon.That lady wouldn't have a house if it weren't for the husband
If today has taught me anything so far it is that I can get a LOT done if I just focus.
that's the classic Mad Anthony service with a smile
I loved the first one, so I'm hoping this is just as fun.
Its you're write too right you're words incorrect, butt their a waist've thyme four me two reed. - dc
Good Morning TwitFam!! Have a Beautiful Day!!!
can u repeat that last tweet? i ddnt get it
...so I stopped and had one.
what's your favorite bible verse?
Starbucks in Overland Park still has SALTED, carmel hot chocolate. (Double Yeah!!)
Around the world Uh round the world
when is it?
: Been out of town for 3 weekends in a row but after the 21st, I'm open! Miss you guys, dying to get together!
Unbelievable! RT: . accepted an endorsement from the guy whose website hosts this blog: bit.ly/oEPHwR
I think is very beautiful but i would be scared to tell her how I really feel.
why don't you care about your best friend?? He's crying his eyes out right now..you should give him a call<3
Is Expression Engine similar to Wordpress with an added framework?
How fun! It snowed in LA today! What a sight to see! Felt like back in Wisco or Chi!
Let's Move Monday! Increase activity by taking stairs instead of the escalator or elevators!
only complaint: never thot i would b trying to learn how to walk again on my 40th birthday {which is thursday}. such a slow process. lol.
John Travolta wore the Canyon Group purple Wildflower chenille robe in "Love Song for Bobby Long," available at www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ooh, those are god spots.
I love Nashville, but people just walk SO slow down here... like SPEED IT UP, MISTER, I HAVE SOMEWHERE TO GO!
omar told me too ask you cause he be doin some dry ass crossovers . he need a personal trainer.
#WhyDoiAlways want what I can never have?!
Jesus knows what Im thinking right now...
Do you think taking pictures in the school bathroom is cute? Well you're wrong you look stupid.
"Antichrist" is a beautifully haunting and disturbed look at the Antichrist's Eden where Lars Von Trier unleashes nature's chaotic violence.
You are smart!
Okay my family is insane
I love the new guys in this US rap music. Diddy opening doors for the kids out there...
POLL QUESTION: Jaymz is putting up his Christmas tree. What should be the tree topper?
Huge shout out to that's one hell of a guy and a bad ass show! Follow him and catch his show!
Frozen ones do for sure.
Cinco De Mayo is a marketing ploy for beer and tequila companies to sell more product. Not Mexican Independence Day.
RT : Any leader who is irreplaceable is failing.
RT : Epic Packages; Epic PL mount, 18-85mm T 2.9 Red Cine Zoom, a full support system, batteries, memory, monitoring...
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize.
kill it baby!!!
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 18
Im late!!!
Tickets for tonight's show w/ the Black Dahlia Murder + Nile + Skeletonwitch + Hour of Penance are going, going, nearly gone! Get them NOW!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
#smallbizchat is on fire tonight with from -- join in!!!
There's something fun-sounding about throwing lasagna into the blender...
thanks for the follow back. You're amazing!
I'm also here at sawgrass lol if you like some discounts on some stores, feel free to reach out to me :)
Let's all just go wild and put our hands up a bit.
"We are Easter people who live in a Good Friday world" - Easter Sermon 2012
Have to say that was man of the 1st half at least. Been impressed with what I've seen here and preseason - step up I think
Who else is ready for the weekend?! Let's do this!
have you ever blogged about social media? Would be interested in reading your perspective on it.
I'd kill for anyone on my team. I love you guys and I'm gonna miss you seniors.
Going to the game!(:
they play that damn song so much that I know all the words. hahahah
Actually, fuck her. If you two can get me, then make it happen.
Long day
Thank you and for the mentions and retweets! Hope you all had a great weekend.
Nobody understands the "Life of a Jockey" more than 's Bob Costas. He can look em in the eye when asking that tough question.
Thanks for sponsoring and hosting the LA Open Source Hackathon yesterday!
Tickets go on sale for #Atlanta 7/6
yup...i hate having to wait till morning to post something witty i came up with after 4pm
A special thanks to Lakeview Christian Church for your hospitality and kindness. We had a great time worshipping with you all this morning!
Not the best day.
Celebrating the birth of my sister with spagetti, homemade meatballs, and Monte Carlo.
Inge released today huh?
SHOT OUTS TO OZNY OF NEW ERA FOR THE NEW TRACK GETIN BESY MUCH LOVE N RESPECT
No word yet. ": Does that mean the judge ruled Dr. Sellers will not be allowed to testify??"
me too.
Good for him, I say! Still, some labels I like. (Anti-, Righteous Babe, maybe others) ... seem to like their artists more.
I said hell naw to restrictions today, its
Chapter 11 down. Only one more chapter to go. Preparing a supply of woo-hoos in anticippation.
Congrats to my friends Laural Porter and Kurt Austin for being awarded a national Edward R. Murrow Award.
I rather the iphone I've had so many problems with my blackberry I went thru 3 in the past 2 months
nice job to the graduate fellows--I enjoyed all three presentations today
Happy New Year! Hope everyone has fabulous year!!!!
WTF u waiting for? U want backstage passes for #ExtremeReunion 4/28 Philly? How to win? change ur profile pic HERE to ours. drawing on mon
"Nacho Daddy" is an actual restaurant chain.
to binge and purge is one thing, but if you had a time machine, you could get bloated, then go back and do it again, and again and again...
Shame! But also awesome.
can't wait to see you in concert sometime...
im confused..
Tht made me mad
I-95 food ideas (between Orlando and Raleigh)? Definitely stopping at the Georgia Pig in Brunswick, GA. What else?
#WeirdFactAboutMe- I can't sleep with socks on.
Ok so I'm a nerd at times, but I'm a pretty cool nerd. Everybody likes me....well not everybody lmbo. -StarLynn
Quiet time at desk means: run tape of puppet show and practice - looking a bit like an idjit. Remaining mom laughing at me.
Integrative Pain Management Clinic in Monroe, will give you 50% OFF regular massage price for first time patients in July. www.integrpm.com
re; my last two re-tweets...the first as i say is a RE-tweet, so i am not responsible for the (IMHO)..hilarious mis-spelling of the word...
Been at Busch Gardens all day
I don't want you to apologize for your opinion. Just dm me
I said some lol obvi I'm not talking bout my girls! But if u saw my feed it would be rediculous LOL
Thanks for the shout out. Looking forward to another successful G&D season!
I'm braindead.
I waterproofed my camera bag, jacket, and jeans, done waiting out the rain, I'm headed to the
my best friend asked me to marry him...yeah, he put a ring on it :)
That lovely moment when everyone realizes how funny you really are... Yeah I live for that " omg she really just said that moment "
Thanks! You're not far behind(:
I just followed u I think
yeah okay society is much different these days! Haha
A closed mouth and working hands will speak for its self.
they see me rollinn, they hatinnnn
Wait! So Rovio isn’t actually using the slingshot? That would have been awesome. Great attn grabber nonetheless
. Thanks for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the #likeablechat too
"It's time we integrated money" - George Jefferson, The Jeffersons
Are you someone that needs to be validated? What would life be like if you didn't need to be?
How many people are at Toyota Park? I've counted about a dozen on TV.
This is definitely sexist AND racist. Black women aren't allowed to show aggression/confidence in a white sport.
Now in Exmouth after watching #tourofbritain start in Exeter, waiting for the peloton to finish here
“: I'm a firm believer in weaning off of spring break...” well said
We #Appreciate the #FOLLOWs CHEERs
I hate obnoxious kids!! Parents control your children!! #areyoukiddingme?
Thanks Dan, that's kind of you to say.
wtf? I grew up calling it "duck tape" not "duct tape."
but it's going to be okay because it was just a dream. Nothing is going to happen I'm sure of it <3
PURPLE SWING IT OUT! ROBERT REICH had me singing the STAPLES song I'LL TAKE YOU THERE. ONLY ROBERT REICH did it in 8 steps. GOOD INFORMATION
lmaooooooooo...STOP IT...oan I'm gettin me a petition for folks in albany to send me some jimmies...I miss them so much lol
Google's first self-driving car user is Steve Mahan, a man who is 95% blind.
soon brother. Very soon.
HIT EM WITH THAT ---> "DIE TONIGHT" PROD BY
I WONDER HOW THE LIL HOMIES DID AT THEY SCRIMMAGE (PEARL COHN)
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Almost home :D
Tru well u good
Shouldn't be surprised when someone dies . Death is always lurking around, when it happens it happens.
they can smell it. right? I learned that from
Gotta utilize that Wi-Fi, it's been happening to a ton of my friends too.
Amazing knows amazing. What you see in others is what you see in yourself.
Dry-Erase Laminate.. This stuff is a lifesaver!!!
Staring, mouth agape, into God's infinite creation, this morning. No plans yet for the afternoon.
IMPORTANT..the last tweet SHOULD/COULD have read that the Organisation which is the beneficiary of my Just Giving donation for Jeremy...
OMG I'm hungry
This year marks the centennial of #Titanic's sinking. Visit the Exhibition in #SanDiego to learn about & honor the lives lost....
Writing a letter.:)
hahaha!!! Aww thanks, it was great seeing you too :)
MT " Mass. politics stat of the day: Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren both have more cash on hand (as of 3/31) than Mitt Romney"
what church? Glad you found one!
; oh honey, you are just ugly on the inside AND out. :)
Tonight, Maybe We're Gonna Run. Dreaming Of The Osaka Sun, Dreaming Of When The Morning Comes. - Lovers In Japan (Coldplay)
I just woke
haha sexy and I know it! #loveyoutoo <U+263A>
#20FactsAboutMe one day I aspire to be my own boss
If a boy ever took me to a baseball game, I'd proably marry them.
- St. Louis! How are we today?
& AMAZING sets. I already want to see them again.
I think you should have just captioned it "MISMs"
RT : I don't buy the hype I triple it's reach in a fart
I wanna try dating a tall white boy with pretty eyes lol
Woke up to 3 loud military helicopters flying by, 2 dogs barking and a fat man screaming "SOMEONE SHUT THOSE DOGS UP!" Good morning, world.
Approaching parisian canicule levels of sweatiness. Only 20 hours until I'm moved into an actual home! With a/c! Can't come soon enough.
Go follow Like legit! He is awesome!
Makes me smile... the world is better with you in it!
Cubs recall Cardenas, option Wood (The Associated Press)
Hello Guadalupe That Bitch Whore Ahi Hahha time saying you want to follow you Hahha
Great story about KSR, Ever try the E-Town Shoney's? Great place since the
Final from Maher Athletic Center, 84 - Trinity 77.
We'll be coaching as well as set up as a vendor. Can't wait!
RT That F**K You Too you did for #Respect. <- Appreciated
Nope - LaLa is on the cover
I'm most surprised to see #Mahan outside the cut line. #Stricker is a close second though.
We specialize in artist development, marketing, and promotion.
I hate little dogs oh my gosh stop barking ! I wanna kick it over the moon
or you guys could boycott with me. LOL:) bo britney:)
When your father tells you that you fucked up <<<
Is there an announcement today about Google?
as long as u feel good they can't tell u shit oh yeah I think that xtra 30 probaly looked damn good dependin where u put it
Excited for a three client meeting day in NYC & Jersey with two of my favorite blasters.
every night is a taylor swift night
#webseries starts filming today. Out in the desert. In a bar. All around a stressful week, but excited about the end product
Juan Solomon Park and Community Center looked great today at the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony!
can't wait to see it!
I believe the Cataloger's Desktop is the closest to an online version right now.
All I'm missing is some chicken and some brownies!
Clickbank Success Tips - All Things Bright and Beautiful (John Rutter) soloists and Choirs
Be glad you don't live in Seattle. That's all we have to get us through everyday.
Don't think I can ever take a good picture
Getting my car an oil change than back To the house for a hour of extra sleep
sounds like a white hot mess.
u can call know
Beautiful photograph :) You're a blessing to your mom!
beautiful choice in song, just beautiful! melted my heart!
Californos menu features Roasted Red Pepper Hummous for $8, served with grilled squash and zucchini, red onion, carrot, celery, hot Sarachi!
Out with the old and in with the new adios 2011 welcome 2012 <U+2665> hope everyone has a Happy and safe New Year.!!
thinking of you!
register yourself or team today for the JPA 5k Run/Walk and help heal the scars of abuse and neglect! www.juvenile.org
Valentine's Menu Is Up At www.blpdx.com Please Make Reservations Now Call 503 2280048 Three Seatings 5PM RAW 7pm and 9PM Aphrodisiac Feast!!
New blog coming soon!
I will admit that it was kinda a give up, tho.
I'm very good :D
I love my #BabyBashBling team it's been a productive, challenging and creative few months.
#whosgonnalose - Northwestern v Auburn - NW will lose
This Is A Weed Song/ Get Some Pussy Song
It was a pleasure having you in! Hope you all enjoyed your evening.
We're BOTH awesome :-)
Yea but the Jets need a good QB, and they now have two that dont add up to squat..
Earlier I had 10,000 Heat fans on my TL now it's like 2 ... Y'all ain't real lol
Left my STI results at my friend's house after playing post happy hour
u will not be alone Packer Nation will be there and welcome u with open arms
Man I wish I would of wore my skinnys instead of flare jeans . :/ oh well .
Agreed RT : What's w all the tearing down of ppl.Supporting others can feel good too!Never know what someone is dealing w.
yes please do!!!!
"#TwitterWouldBeBetterWithout people who can't spell" So you're saying Twitter would be better without Liam?! :O
So excited! Dreaming about the Sonoran dog I'll be munching on for dinner tonight at m!
Ew, You are so creepy.
I was hoping that Lohanthony was referring to a Lindsay Lohan & Casey Anthony lesbian lover affair. Nope, just some Youtube kid or something
thank you!!!!!!! You da best sister. Love you very, very mucho
craving #shoneys, but we don't have one close by :(
Wish the duo ~Zhane would make new music!! ;) I Love their jazzy-ness...
Alright, it's Pacquiao time!!!
Going to bed with 2 mice and a wasp in the same room..
RT : Bundled up at cafe getting dinner. ME TOO!!!
if you take something from somebody you have to pay for it
Nothing replaces the personal connection! R RT top 2 social media tools 4 the future are the phone and the handshake
RT : Piece of advice. Your significant other should also be your best friend. It makes the relationship fun and AWESOME.
Isn't it? I honestly don't know how people like that can sleep at night. Lowest of the low.
I second that sad face!!!!
they can't tell til they try to put their hands thru it! Then we do that fast move like I know you did not just do that
Well played Monica lol
I bought it not sure it's worth the $4.99 though :/
I'm sorry girly u be talking to June bug??
Big thinking precedes great achievement. --Wilferd A. Peterson
Kettle corn and some lemonade >>>>
- Smdh Naaa , I Needa Met Hiss Cool Ass Cause I needa tell him about his self & That dirty word . Ctfu
Happy Author's Day!!!
On the bright side, I forget the Outside exists less often now that I have a workspace with windows.
thought that was only legal in Vegas.
It aint wack. I have only two posts myself. I wont even publicize that I have one. I will start to use it more.
the pollo were yummy, I yapped too much and the sold out of the beef before I could order... Wah!!!!
Changing my ways..
6 years later on december 24th another angel was born... Me(;
thank you for all your hard work and bringing attention to this issue
Pittsburgh to Michigan is almost as boring....my ex lives there and that drive was boring too lol
Screaming Bloody Murder
Folk physics got me raising and lowering the cup at the natural arm swing rhythm. It appeared to prevent spills.
Learning about Mendeley (bib management software) at
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be……one direction !!!:)
my last one was on Christmas Eve driving back from Dallas. Lol. Just remembered that.
when I went to go pick up misbah lols, and I also got this big chocalate thing. It looks expensive .
“: Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.”
just satisfied an intense & sudden craving for root beer.
did you get my LATE present i sent you for your birthday? :) x
“ “ A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas.””
Yes! Letdown 4 sure.From what I can tell, Upshaw is quite the player. U also need to fill me in on baseball..! What is happening??
The RnB singer Tank grew up on 39th Center. But his dad is a base-head unfortunately. The 80s wasnt a sweet decade 2 stay clean
Add ... New year, new music, more news to come!!!!
Please #LetEricPlay That would be so AWESOME!!
I had a good day...well, make that a great day. Sending love to all my friends...<3
#MvsW Rado QoD Getting the entire backstory about Crosby's junior hockey career from Pierre Mguire
I bet won't tweet me back
The moments when you look at the person you love the most and can't help but smile cause they are exactly what you want forever <3
The 90s called, they want Bone Thugs back.
Who else thinks Spring Break should be longer? We need more travel time! :p
Keep on smiling
For his last night in Indianapolis, Peyton Manning will be showing 2 movies on his forehead to all Colts fans.
I love you, you are always so beautiful, classy and respectful.. I hate that Kristen, how dare they try to replace her with u
it's okay
had Gallato with espresso pour on top Today went to Talan!Made money,and shopped.
I know but he might be just on vacation for the week in Dallas maybe? ;)
I got a better idea, go fuck yourself...
Good work ! Throwing Ronnie under the bus!
And Always Havin Some New Fucked Up Name Hahah
r we ok now?? and omg u havn't posted ur bieber love stories in foreva :(
SOMETIME GETTING MARRIED IS NOT THE BEST THING.
GET To YOUR TVZ.
Masterson (hillbilly?) thing.
"I run to see who has the most guts." --Steve Prefontaine. Run like you love it this weekend Tortoise and Hair PGH friends!
She's so fucking cute... I miss her, and her kisses. <U+2665>
game on ustream now. check it out
It was HILARIOUS! RT : Ignorance is bliss *laughing*......": This fool said "I got goutch" he meant "gout""
The Don is the Hip Hop wake up call, this is how hip hop should feel! Thank You
“: Haters: H- having A- anger T- towards E- everyone R- reaching S- success.”
Also follow hashtag #PFZ to see commentary on the hearing. Not just about sex work - about criminalization of POC & queer/trans communities!
Miss you too! Congrats on being a pre-wifey!
Please keep tweeting cultural acclimations. I enjoy them. :)
Problem remains with lenders. Could change if #banktransferday becomes legit. #CDFIs also emerging.
I'ma grown man not B2k if a need a girlfriend it won't be today
haha of course :) it was on love and basketball!
anything with 50 cent?
#Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law. Japanese Proverb
your doing that on purpose right
Determined to finish this book!!
Catch & Release: How do we cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?
i need Pants. recommend, to me, some Pants
Thanks for the RT! See you in Orlando.
Give it to me right Watch the diamond glow your hand
please get more than 1 opinion before heading back on the court, compounded #concussions are no joke, man, don't trust them,learn
Trying to figure out what the professor wrote on the board, then just guessing the word and hope it makes sense.
I love taking the bus down I-5 when the mountain is out. ;-) Traffic, blah. Just look up. All is good in the world.
Who wants to go back to #Lehigh on Sunday and watch the game from Leon's?
it was good! Although 2 people we were there with got the 5 course tasting...we were there for 3 hrs
I love the cold side of the pillow. It's what helps me sleep. :)
As usual, mailing it in when the stakes are high. Change the name to the Dallas Mailmen
Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow Louis!
Rambo >>> dodgeball "live for nothing, die for something, ur call"
If y'all tryna come to Dallas and promote da single y'all welcome to post up at my spot G.
are u at MICA today?
Have an interesting new development in mobile tech I'd like 2 share, can u DM me an email? BTW- Tech Talk podcast sbscrbr too ;-)
Can't believe Im playing minecraft on my xbox #IsthisRealLife It's so weird since I watch 's minecraft gameplays than play it lol
Congrats on your launch event. Happy to have supported your awesome mobile offerings!
First time cooking collard greens today. Couldn't be happier - big hit!!
Hey...where is the party tomorow?
j-live "a charmed life"
I'm playing, but on a serious note I've seen you on my timeline practically every minute for the last hour...
Lebron is literally a freight train on a fast break........Unstoppable
So many new tunes...they're coming in like a flood. Riding the wave. Looking forward to being in Sarasota August 26th.
Oh my gawd !! I barely find out Mikey is in LA?! WTF?!
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET. like 30 seconds away -_-
That was so sweet of you Greg:) lol
Thanks for all your love and support!
Already leaving with pages upon pages of notes and advice and ideas and plans. And still four more days left. #dh11 = yes!
Lmaoo I can't eve see ten screen ont phone. I'm gone son.
Bust a nut.
Lake show....
Nino said you're thinking about coming on the Brooks Paris trip. Is this true? :D I hope so!
my mom to the guy at dd "look atmy daughter, her bestfriend and boy left her and all her other friends are her babysitter"
Looks like jQuery chosen doesn't work in IE7
Off to the capitol to check on 's destruction of free speech. #wising #wiunion You will not silence #Wisconsin working families.
Today marks my five year anniversary on twitter. Where did the time go?
Yeah I was wondering that too...just saw it on a post on Google+
All we smoke is papers, blowin hella flavors. Smokin til its gone that's how we do it ccause were taylor'd
Come here, rude boy,boy can you get it up? Come here rude boy, boy iz you big enough? ;]
Hey Norm, have you talked to Artie lately?
How excited am I for the #Packers game tomorrow? Think adult diapers excited.
holy shit! Mercy on his soul.
You stole my money, I want it back, give it now or you'll get a whack
OMG THIS VACATION IS MAKING ME WANT TO DRINK.
The men may be the head of the house but the women are the neck and they can turn the head anyway they want. (My Big Fat Greek Wedding)
Personal high five for me!
My daughter is in route, she'll b here in a few hrs! :-)
Just laughed out loud.
DM: Best of luck in GA. You're due!
Another of my couple's bites the dust ;/
by the time you got through, I must have been talking to my winner- just me in here, can't do both at the same time :)
hey Cleo girl
hey bro message me(:
#OkUPrettyBut do you lick?
Alexis and Me are BTL
Pageant Center welcomes out newest California pageant: Universal Miss and Master International Pageant! www.pageantcenter.com
The NFL network plays a lot of dramatic mood music. Are losing teams put to death or something? Maybe their first born children are taken?
Moons gone*
Thank You! Jumpin' Jack Flash coming up on FUV!
: Aloha. We (SMCHI) would love to have a short 20-minute training preso at our next event May 14. Interested?
Congress is going to begin to have adult conversations. Have all conversations to date been childlike? UGH!
I agree with the dictionary, girls before boys.
Tweetdeck opened this morning and your avatar scared the crap outta me.
Today I have received excellent service from two government entities and very poor service from one big box retailer
It's hard to pinpoint exactly when the Wii became obsolete, but I'd estimate it was about 2 years before it was released.
Hi, I heard you were a fan and I am a big fan of yours! I would love to come on your show and make you my Muligatawney Soup!
So this Sarah Phillips concealed her identity. Her real name was....Kerry Kittles.
waiting for one of the last ferries in Besiktas to Kadiköy: eating sandwich with Kokoreç (roasted sheep intestines)
yeah but I'm.pushing through
i didnt tell no one I havent had a phone in like 4 months ..
time to transition from MSP to PHX.... Rv packed and ready to go
were super excited that is on board with us for the movie. Looking fwd to chatting more as we come closer to release.
Thank for for the shot out!
RT if you have an ass
Thanks so much :)
Thanks so much for following. You all do such a great service to the music community and musicians. Best wishes to all there.
It's been a great success!
i'll pay that $15 before i let somebody fuck my head up .
I don't know why won't text me back.
HAPPY 4th JULY<U+E312><U+E310> <U+E117><U+E440>
believes Imperfection Is Beauty, Madness is Genius, & It's Better To Be Absolutely Ridiculous Than Absolutely Boring ..
On my way to #kwfr - very excited!
: Congrats for 14years of service in a Spirit of Excellence and I know there will be many more to come. To the Best Mentor th ...
Break the record for Number of LA Things Done/Eaten in one day or Die Tryin'.
like famous Amos?
It doesn't feel the same right now
Sounds more Machiavellian to me.
i did im jst being a fatass now cuz im bored haha
BRC gate opens in 120 days. The Man burns in 125 days.
Joseph it was great meeting you Day! Glad the girls had a ball (sounds like you did too). Hope we see you soon!
A raisin oatmeal cookie has more calories than a Turkey Tom without mayo!
we will never understand how & why we were created, creationism is accepting ignorance
Charles Barkley says, "Listen all you fat people, no disrespect, but it don't look good and it ain't healthy."
it's easy, city must lose. Haha. No, city has title with win, united needs win and a few goals padding. I forget details
:) just the best
Yecenia and I are attending as "observers"
Ready to snap on a fuck nigga. Been a minute since its happened but all it takes is a second for that too change.
So very true! RT Put your brilliant ideas to use while you're on the planet. You can't take your files and stickies with you.
Almost 10:30am & Ive already drank 2 thermoses of tea. (Or is it thermi plural? Clearly the cold medicine is winning..)
You sure you want to rely on those two?
SOO IF I COVERED VIVA LA VIDA, WOULD YOU LOVELIES WATCH IT?!
yeah cuz he's obviously not worth it
sorry you're lonesome! That can def be a trigger but we are PROUD of you for not giving in!!! woot woot!!!
I'm not home yet.
I saw your e-mail tonight. Didn't want you to think I was ignoring you! Look for my reply tomorrow! Excited to work with you!
I know thats just sad. Playoffs have been crazy in the second round lol
do you mean the stuff in _abcoll.py?
I Try(: That Would Be Hilarious... Can You Imagine The Strange Looks?! At The Grocery Store, The Doctor's Office... Haha!(:
I woke up at 6:30 & felt the same way!
Something I learned today that seems obvious: Einsturzende Neubauten is not really music suitable for your average group work environment.
lol at me... I'll get it right eventually!!!!!
Looking to start your New Year's resolution? Details of our first Morning Manager event for 2012 are coming soon.
Just booked my ticket to go play at Toronto's North by North East Festival...Looking forward to rocking out with old friends!
Nobody is fucking with Kendrick right now. He said his next project blows Section 80 out of the water.
Shopping tip: You can get shoes for 85 cents at the bowling alley
This one goes out to anyone who has been affected with cancer.
hahaha. All good. Hope you enjoyed it.
good morning (: wow the weather ist hoot (:
I did not see u in Vail dude this past weekend. Now will be in Vegas thurs-sun
Ok I just did my homework on you. So you sayin that we can't network because I booked OG?
Gonna be dropping a release date on our newest Braynstream collab mixtape soon
how is #shazam? I haven't had a chance to read any yet.
most annoying aspect of video is audio capture really hard to find a good place - oh and lighting
My appointment is with Kate :) This is the 1st time I'm having someone I don't already know cut my hair. Exciting!
You can have things, just don't let them have you. -Ram Dass
Nana's jivin with this Future Tony Montano...bass got an ol bitch feeling young and jipper...
Good Morning :)
Summer is literally screaming my name.
oh. And duh.
took that for a couple weeks and decided insomnia was better lol
New Aaron Rodgers State Farm ad debuts this weekend. Let's hope it won't be as irritating as the first.
thx buddy. Non tech guy doing more than I should. Fixed but not by me
Twice this wk coworkers used "powwow" as in "quick meeting." Do people have any idea what a powwow IS?
Gotta love the mid sized hundred dollar buy in tournaments! Check out the new "fish" tishirt.. Drawndead.net
that awkward moment when you send a message to the wrong person
Get it together!
omnomnom my dick
Why are nails in the street in the first place. I aint got time to be changing flat tires in the rain
None of that don't matter. Let's see what you bring to the table. Be about it
u too!
Congratulations Bill Peek Graduate University of Georgia, dual major Business and Sports Management, only 3.5 years. Outstanding!!!!12-16-11
I was going to post a sketch a day here. You may have noticed, that hasn't happened yet.
I only saw literally half of the show.
Hey there! Can you email support(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can help you out!
Alright, where's my coffee maker with the IV attachment? #straighttomyvein #please I know knows what's up.
This deserves a re-post today: RAND PAUL IS ACTING LIKE AN ASS IN NASHVILLE
Working on 3 presentations simultaneously = PowerPoint hell.
oh you already know
#Foursquare is becoming the new place for guy to stock girls
thanks I love tan! Finally met with my awesome power group buddy Troy Conrad!
U should just come see! RT : I JUST fussed at your wife about dat braggin! Don't make me come down there. Lol
Hahaha. I hope I run into both Olivas.
Diva storm!
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles!
yea 4 studio media :) oh sounds fun about Emily I really don't wanna talk about it on twitter so just call me wen u get this
Hard to write when ur drunk RT : ": It's Sunday Night...leave drinking up to the professionals.
MT We need a board game session... // Keep an eye out for our #thatcamp Games announcement next week!
loving the tax benefits of being married! glad we got the nuptials in NYE :)<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
The WACO Brothers and Hugh Bob & The Hustle tonight at 10!!
i know but i didnt know who i truely loved
Lol all the tweets with "blah blah blah" in it are mentioning Obama. I thought they'd be about Ke$ha's song "blah blah blah" =P
Thank you for letting me be a part of this wonderful night!
Ortiz, Cano, Gonzalez, and the Prince will slug it out for the HOME RUN DERBY title.
#Poker Quote of the night: To be a poker champion, you must have a strong bladder. -- Jack McClelland
hm? Except you just posted on Twitter!
sounds good
on using APIs: data (images, descriptions) and logic are the ingredients for others to use to do new things.
People living with #Disability need solutions for full inclusion in #work #play #PublicLife. It's win-win.
Paola, I'm curious-- how do you decide when and when not to use words in your vocal music?
On my way to band practice, wish me luck... singing a new song!
13 million in bonuses for freddie mac and fanny mae execs lol... this is why #ows exists
wooohoooo it's Friday!!!!
I don't believe we have a mobile app currently. But it's in the works!
RT : Freshly baked goodies delivered to today! #vanilla saltysweets
My grandma just threatened to break someones neck!
The rage, hurt, and bewilderment in those six words.
I don't get why people fight. There's no point Ur in high school, GROW UP, I mean c'mon.
Eager BootCampers: Fellowship decisions have been made & we're just waiting for the #thatcamp mothership to confirm & notify applicants!
“The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.” Albert Einstein
Boxing, for me, it's the beginning of all sports. Omar Epps
Madonna&BritneyRulePop Lady Gaga is slowly shading out on music industry cause of her pathetic fans. Sorry monsters, u stepped on 2 fan base
lol yeah. he disappeared for a while.
those are all amazing videos! We are planning on making a sweet vid this summer. We can only hope to make it half as cool as yrs
I was just at Costco too (dropping off ink cartridges) and wondering the same thing. Parking was a ZOO
This year really flew by, huh? To everyone heading out already, have a great summer! Enjoy the well-deserved break.
At it.
I was able to hang out with my whole family this weekend while working at We don't get to hang out enough. It was perfect.
Finished setting up for UPPA spring market tomorrow from 8-5. Come see us!!
hahah you gotta wait I'm laying down I don't feel like getting up to check
I think Brocade is stupid there too. Foundry sounds like a place where you make shit. Brocade sounds like snooty French bistro.
Relaxing now before I have to go shoot tonight again .. phew:)
LOVE this!
I'm reminded on a daily basis that everyone is fighting a great battle - better to be kind than not.
Should not be allowed to drive without coffee.
It was tough watching the #Mallards get only one hit tonight before I left after the 5th inning.
Can nebody tell me how i got home please
...I really need to come up with a list of people for this FF thing.... Trying to wing it isn't so easy...
Stop changing the subject.
Right, and when you don't need those things (for me often) applicative parsing is prettier, potentially easier to optimize, &c.
In the car trying to beat the blizzars into Oklahoma.
Today is going to be a good day!
S/O to the family members who always bring soda, paper products, or a big bag of ice to the Potluck, (No food) and are the 1st ones to eat!
Though I initially resisted adding any more websites to the daily rotation, is legit. Cool idea, cool site.
RT Chuck Norris 101- Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he stands on the porch and dares it to grow
hahaha, way to spell the name wrong! Its Delancey!
Lakers at Thunder in the NBA playoffs. Thunder won.
Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) Wants To Be Tier One Car Audio Supplier - Satellite Radio Playground
Don't worry, I'll get there
RT : Dear biznology Welcome, Thanks for following!
Never in classes I took. I only heard about him by Wikipedia'ing sociolinguistics
what is this...? mickey mouse club?
ok ill dm you and we'll sort it
CE students spoke @ the DC City Council oversight hearing. Bowser acknowledged one student, Jacquan as a leader who holds gov't accountable.
cutting a kicker with an 87% success rate over the last 3 seasons makes a ton of sense.
Bet it??? lolRT : Never brag bout sex, just love to eat dat pussy before i bet it
Topic Personal Brand: "A brand is nothing if you are not your true self"
She's had no problems so far. Is laptop an issue? We only have laptops ...
if I die tonight from laughter, I want you to know that I always thought you were amazing.
Check out the new blog - I'm pulling articles from all over the web to keep you all interested!
Spent the day at the Art Institute of Chicago. Collected enough images to photomodel about 30 major works :)
archives and digitization of archives, lots of old documents and stories-classes at library of congress some days! l'm excited
Can't get no money if u sleep...
Im going to be crazy.
ok cool im b tht way tomorrow im gttin to the money in da white folks area
You can start and end your St. Paddy's with us! Brunch from 11 to 3, and Nite Owl specials after 10 pm tonight!
So excited for #Christmas. Literally counting down the days. This episode is making me happy happy!
British:" 'Helloo beautiful. How are you my love?" Australian:"G'day mate!" Canadian: "Eh?" American: "Aye shawty, whadup?"
that sounds so pleasant!
Okay #PhilPhillips has got to do a #dmb song on #americanidol this season- that would be the best!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
if the bears did a similar stock sale, would you or would you not buy some stock?
I sweaa each & every day out convos get more & more interesting. We always gt sum 2 talk bout no lie. Either we dead serious or playing. :-)
'don't say that. Just because that baby's white don't mean it look like the other white baby you know.'
That's nice! #coolaunt :-)
Alrite I will
Living in a right handed world. #lefty problems <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Successful run <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> Feeling so good right now.
Hm did you flip the #SarcasmSwitch before making that tweet? lol
Childhood memory: holding a clunky tape recorder to stereo speakers in order to record songs from the radio.
there are lines in which the singer imagines the important men of the town posing questions to him, all because he's rich.
any news of Portland and Jamal Crawford?
see prev tweet on Xbox DLC codes
couldn't be more excited about Jamie finally having a day off tomorrow!!
Thank you so much brooke for the mention. Message me your email address and I will send you some songs MP3s cuddle up, listen and enjoy
People who are pro smacking children say, 'It's the only language they understand.' You could apply that to tourists. - Jack Dee
What story would you create with LideScribe? Great 10x team to watch.
Please don't hate on If Amer wntd Rachel 2 stay then more ppl should have voted for her. Theyre ALL good but room 4 1 winner.
Enjoy! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful weekend :)
If you're a foodie.. you should be signed up for ! That's just part of your 'foodie' responsibilities..
black man in a horror type movie. Of course he dies bo lol
Himym on netflix. Watching the amazing Pretty sure this makes my night amazing!
By Thurs: teach, grade a lot, pack, move, write 2 papers (one professional, one for school), do all other day-to-day work stuff.
I like him a lot
Katherine Boo at Magers & Quinn last night: crisp, engaging, informative. A treat for her readers and a model for touring authors. Bravo!
Playoff Kobe > any other player
Maybe it's Maybeline. Probably photoshop, though.
If you'll be at #SXSWi this year, let us know! We'd love to talk to you in Austin.
Never been this attached to someone ever.
can i get a follow? thanks!! i love you! im such a big fan!
Up and coming bands: follow me, tell me where I can find your music, and I might (probably) recommend you and get others to do likewise
oi jay how does a snowman get to work? by icicle :) xx
Now you're making me cry...and my ears bleed.
woo, thanks! what's your favorite song? :)
Emtek Products Atomic Modern Cabinet Knob (86314) amazing ...
Pats-Giants!? Now I'm definitely ready for baseball season.
Want to add more fish to your diet but find it too costly. Try adding Tilapia. It is delicious, nutritious and inexpensive.
yup just one more week left!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Good morning my pretties!!!
What are you all looking forward to the most this summer? Besides school being out, I mean.
its been serious, now its getting ridiculous lol
does DelRio plan to get twitter?
RT overheard @ office: collaborative calculator effort by & "this is the hardest thing I've done all day"
Ugh. What a bore it was.
Nice! VH1, now Jimmy Choo. Do you sleep? :)
Sam I wouldn't mention if I didn't care, but in your bio on the MHE site, do you mean "hawking"?
So sorry to hear! But you were close! We hope another opportunity will come soon for you!
Is it over for Libyian revolutionaries?
Thank goodness! We need more Apples like that!
Tried out at #VegasSpringSocial. Very cool, innovative piece of workout equipment. All gyms should own one!
Finally awake from this nap! Time to party.!
Hopefully meeting Joe Lawlor way up town tonight.
Flexibility has to be for both employee and employer to be successful.
ME!!! Trap don't close...
LOVE HARD
Call for Speakers Deadline Is Approaching for Percona Live MySQL Conference in ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I love LGB. 6 mins curb to gate might be a new record. Hardly Strictly Bluegrass!
I have to get out in it for a bit before settling into write today.
RT : Q10 #Foodiechats via Community! What is your #AllTime favorite cocktail and cheers to 1-Year!!!
I wanna take some portraits.
Let's go Red Sox tonight! Beat Tampa Bay!
Miss you too happy girl! A bunch!
This Mass Effect2 game will be the end all to my freetime which I have plenty
Allan Dershowitz always speaks knowledgable & logically on social legal issues
For parking my car in my garage, my car has a stupid amount of pollen on it.
Processional. Like a boss
cracked me up on the show yesterday. "Madonna should take a lesson from Donald Duck."
we truly look up to the crew. the finest people out there<3 #CrewLove xo
Reading The Wordy Shipmates by Sarah Vowell about the Puritans. Interesting & funny!
why are perverts following me? -.-
I make art to provoke thought. I wanna visually stimulate your mind
I want an ultimate cheeseburger from jack in the box. Sounds fucking amazing right meow.
It's at least watchable, but the link that I watched the iPPV on when I couldn't get the PAID stream up was
If I ever meet in life idk if I would hug or kick her for creating this Shredder work-out *collapses on floor*
Agreed! RT : Just as Dudamel is an inspiration for conductors, Deborah Borda is an inspiration for emerging #orchestra mgrs!
#student Cresval Announces Stock Option Grant
Follow me
how do ppl avoid BYOD or cloud and what is the discussion at #interop if not those?
It's a Dave Matthews type of day on
Reminded that God does everything according to His plan in His own time. we shouldn't try to rush or change it...
First rule of friendship...friends help friends it's not a one way street!
Laughter really is the best medicine
These kids look amazed asL
How can I donate for Haiti? (and actually help)
told my girlfriend about a news story I heard about the future world-wide chocolate shortage - the first time I had her full attention.
seriously what an idiot lol
For a second I considered texting while riding my bike.
I actually "forgot" and woke up weeks later in a panic. My doctor thought I was nuts, which I probably was....
#JBboyfriend2 without a doubt:)
Success is the only way at this point...
Listening to some Panda Bear right now and it is working out quite nicely.
tryna rub in everyone your my favorite LESBIAN lol I LOVE U
The things that are behind you aren't NEARLY as important as what's in front of you!! Look in the front window not the rearview mirror
Mr Maiocco your gut feeling with less than a week away from the draft the niners take who at 30?
I Dont Want Austin To Go To Florida :'( Im Cryingg .
Reminder: every day is #MKEDAY. Be positive, stay safe, and HAVE FUN!
Watchong #smash on ! Fantastic!
I'm on a romantic call
have fun. Enjoy the new skates.
hey you. Im great, was thinkin about you. Dyin to hear some new stuff from you!
Have a wonderful weekend love bugs:)
How long can go? Emily needs to bury the Graysons and spike the football already.
Hitting Windows with hornets and rubber bands like an hour ago lol
This black guy just asked me if I do my own hair..lmao....uh yeah!
Thank you for the follow.
Never say more than is necessary. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
its true RT : Shut up. RT : they did do a study that said people with iphones are more likely to lose a fight
Thanks so much for everyone that made it out last night... Hope you had as much fun as we did. Now on to the next one at Sundys tonight!
doing nothing, u?
- cool. Send some pics.
Such a great episode, superb!
I usually do not pick a fight with coworkers, but fuck em. RWNJs always feel free to speak their mind while we sit back and say nothing.
I grew up as an expatriate in Saudi Arabia for 15 years. Saudia became horrible when privitization began.
Apple App Store Hack Makes Good Apps Go Bad
Captain america..... Freaking awesome!!!
I can hear the ocean
it's not even my birthday
Why does every school have a half day except for coventry
The countdown to graduation in #faegans is seriously depressing.
that sounded like Rod Serling -scary
I’m gettin money, thats in any nigga category, Double M I got G’s out in California.
Booked it with through c-legs today. Woulda been even faster if we started in the right wave. Kudos to the race planners tho!
they may be easter nails but they're cute! Lol.
nvm you get a <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> face
NICE! Yes, please tell..what did ya eat?
You're welcome :)
Listening to Stevie Wonder, working on my LIBR homework, watching #libchat- a good morning here in Shanghai
u ask I answer u first n u must do it,if you don't ,I don't need your follow.(N)
My class's are so dang cold!
I want to go to the baseball game, but since I don't have my license, and I'm the only one up in this house, guess I won't be going..
Yeah the early bird gets the worm but the late bird gets to screw Ms. Universe.
I don't smoke, but I do drink...now I got a little bit of math for you.
Hmm. Water appears to be coming out of my attic
Good morning!!!! Have a good one...even though it's really ugly outside...
Good game time for bed. Night peoples
Salted caramel + Frangelico and Nilla Wafers?
Leaving in the a.m for the Dove's whose going?
Thanks for the shout out in the Nylon Daily for SF. You guys are way cool.
Don't wait to be happy to laugh... You may die and never have laughed
The way I feel, the comments I get, the way my clothes look, there's no way I'm going to weigh that much again - Ryan Pease
if Dolphins don't start Tannehill Day 1, they are idiots. He knows O better, Moore & Garrard are not anything special. Put him in
Some Pynchonesque ninja techniques: "the Hidden Foot," "the Vibrating Palm," and the "Nosepicking of Death" ... #totalassaultontheculture!
Yes! That's the one. Ashley Judd's one of my favs....great in several movies.
Certainly. Do you have an updated will?
Uta Hagan~ We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs us of the chance to be extraordinary and leads us to the mediocre.
Those hunky twins, Nelson, had the #1 song this day in 1990 with (Can't Live Without Your) Love and Affection.
I think yes. Also that you should get drunk because that's the opposite of mentally stimulating.
hi there
RT : Baltimore's clever strategy? Repave major roads, make them easier to speed on, and line them with speed cameras. Revenue!
fair enough
Feels a bit like fall on Ballard Ave tonight, luckily that'll change tomorrow :).
Back to yoga for the first time in a month. Ouch.
Astros to AL... Really? Strongly dislike having odd number in both leagues -- almost as much as proposed playoff expansion.
I own 5 different copies of James' Portrait of a Lady -- all with my notes inside. How did this happen? it's like a #literary clown car.
Dear Bigoted Voters of North Carolina, way to honor Maurice Sendak's death by putting 1 mil of your children's health insurance in jeopardy
a minituare one, that I could just keep with me
No Problem! Glad to help out! Hope you had a GREAT ONE! :)
Nobody? Okay nvm then.
You know what never gets old? "This is some sh*t up with which we will not put."
we are!! Never do either! Buying 10!!! Who knows!! If it's meant to be its meant to be!
Whenever I see dogs I pee my pants poop in my bff mouth and throw up on my grandma
Nice one.
Good night for real... I think.
A BIG shout out to our followers so far. Thank you for the support!
Red hair or Brown hair, 13 or Victorious is always going to be true to herself and her fans & we will always stay true to her!
:-) Will I see you this weekend? P
Great event at the Denver Rio Grande welcoming interested and new families to Team Summit Ski and Snowboard Club!
If the pacers did this good a while ago. I would cheering for them
I'm dealing w/ irrational shuttle anxiety. I just want to see it!
were r yall gon be at in memphis?
"life is a movie, pick your own role"
It's not their place. My mess is the mess I know how to sift through; reorganize my mess, and I will struggle find things.
daily #homeschool tip: put together a history film series from early man to modern times: popcorn and movies = history by stealth
At the Columbia Film Festival Opening Ceremony, celebrating with the award-winners of the evening...
RT - Lots of roster shuffling in New England this pre-season. What do you think?
What's up, Nick? He looked real good! Make sure you give and hell in their final days. Make 'em work! haha
If Matt Cavanaugh really believes Tim Tebow has good mechanics, I'm pretty sure he should be fired as #Jets QB Coach
Why the hell do people feel the need to spit in the street? It's disgusting.
Thanks for the follow..I'm a big fan of P3.
My mom was my first editor too. :)
Welcome to HFC, Cultural Mission of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia scholar students..
#TheAvengers was absolutely the best comic book movie ever! Totally blew me away!
I love the teen years but I sure do miss when they were little enough to sit in my lap for bedtime stories.
Have to set up my daughters' school library. Small, run by volunteers, wants automated library system. What to use? Koha express??? Ideas?
Still sorta sound like a frog? Unfortunately. Fuck. ><
got some great insight from nonprofits and grantmakers about how they seek and find information at yesterday's
Im sorry if you dont like me Im sorry if you think I suck but most of all Im sorry, I dont give a fuck.
Happy for you Queens fans. Football needed to stay here.
“: I want to know how much time I have put into Temple Run..” So glad I'm on top.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!! I know your ready!! #gameON --
Congrats!!!! RT“: It's a girl! Finally! 8lbs 4oz. Name and photos to come.”
Good bye indiana hello Kentucky.
When using screen in UNIX ctrl +a, ctrl + d gets you out of screen. If you're accidentally still in your outlook window, no bueno.
LOL it's from 's Spanish album!!! (x
Um... where is everyone? Only 3 of us here for the meeting. Oh, make it 6.
this boy , will FOREVER & EVER have my heart <3 -
ya he did a super late night blues show. can't remember the name of it tho
Is there any in-browser add-on for FF or Chrome that can rip slideshows into a single page? Maybe too difficult.
Got a C on Noboa's test, not bad <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Good Morning BFF's
Your sisters so cute (:
This humidity and my hair are having a love affair!
We dont have a booth. We are just walking the show floor. Been here all week loving ctia!
The #linux machines are getting some much needed attention today
Bitch, please. My showers last longer than your relationships.
thank you! yes - really wonderful birthday - see you in Newark on Wed.!
Usher got to me.
Im gonna cry on the way to school tomorrow no doubt. Ill miss all my brothers and my favorite place in the world
Yes ma'am....and persistent
what happened?
#PandoraFlow d'-'b
wow lucky ;)
How come the apps not working on box?
I like this post. Great info all across the board. Good job Jeff.
YES. And until then we can watch #SuperBowlXLV on repeat.
I wish I was feeling better . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
i LOVE your music guys :) you should follow me!
dvr is my soccer buddy :-)
Happy 1 year anniversary to ! At Victor Tangos!
Ohh you don't like country music? Well, good luck with your horrible life.
R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
You also detoxify the emotions u store with ur fat when u fast
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random and stupid stuff, but I like it that way.
Every bad situation will have something positive. Even a dead clock shows the correct time twice a day.
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
is wide awake
I love Satie. These series of pieces are truly amazing.
I need a weapon!. Ha i'm so scared but I'd rather laugh. Stupid paranoia
it's no LaPerla, but yes it's fun! You should join the party! Haha
Goodmorning!! #Milwaukee it sure is windy today.
me 2 it was awesome i cant wait until wwe Raw tomorrow
...but I saw a "coming soon" panera sign in chelsea just the other day
Boat is out of commission boys. Was supposed to have been sold by now but dude failed to come through..
YAY!!! Just made my summer :)
Who the hell is Tyler the creator...
I just bought surround sound for my room!!!
what Columbus hood are you in?
buy some cushions. That way u r sure the cushions don't come with stains of things u want nothing to do with.
Most definitely happens in areas where currently Arabs live in Israel, but no one talks about it. That's interesting.
- np :) will have a unique psychological and intellectual impact. also lets people vent and exposes invisible good work of NGOs
I'm continually impressed by all of the multi-touch developers out there - particularly today
Blizzard, maker of World of Warcraft, slashes 600 jobs
sweet! When are you coming by?
<3 Be thankful for those who are there for you in life. Forget those who don't even try to be there.
Well that shows that you're missing some screws.
"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become" - Carl Gustav Jung
Grateful for !
Back off. !!! I ain't afraid to use this!!! (takes out inhaler) lmao idiot. (:
Silently screaming, I have to have you
yeah, that's cool! I tried the other brand, but I'm sold on the original.
I meant wilshire
You speak the truth!
Foundations are most concerned about sustainability of programs though the national finders reexamining their priorities around media &art.
Really, interesting. I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
Wife making Christmas goodies and there is random Christmas music on in background
happy birthday, best friend! (:
I like to imagine recorded announcements in airports talking to the empty halls at night, when nobody's around.
that's a good description.
So jealous! I <3 that place. Have fun, cre8ive ladies :)
transnational corporations have those balls in a vault located in a secret bunker! You will see a change with a 3rd green party
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
LMAO!! Love your #uxdrinkinggame. Could easily have a #designerdrinkinggame "If client says logo needs to POP"... :D
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I don't miss you.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thats why I am going to sue.
Lol homegurl at the bar thinks so 2 ": hahaha I was telling my wife the other day that u looked like him!"
Awww... Cherry Street coffee bears! Love it!
we should hang out on my birthday!! *june 4th* :) that would kind of be amazing.
And what did you order?
Catherine O'Hara is back from her to tropical St. Martin!
They're completely ridiculous. More of a mockery than a kit, I'd say.
I wasn't the one mad I sent you a link thinking you would be interested in it and you almost blew your head off
What do you think about green renaissance. Just tweet what you think we are. I am interested.
Nelly ft Janet >>>>
Thanks for traking me down and thanks for the fun #singpath @ #pycon. I can wait to see who takes the prize next year!
I want some coffee . :(
Clippers/Mavs looks to be a killer playoff matchup.
are u with your old man? If so I need some swamp ape and any beer from
Love was easy, when we didn't make it so hard.
If you are overwhelmed by your writing, bust out the crayons. Write with those. It's hard to feel frightened with a crayon in your hand.
Haha Italian leather u must be in someone else's house, Who's drunk? Have u had three beers again ? Oh no
If u live in Orlando Florida rt rt
Vancouver, BC?
RT : sorry dudes but chest hair is not and never will be sexy ok stop drop and shave
Lol : Oh, you requested me on Facebook AGAIN? I must have missed it the last few times, keep trying, I'll get it sooner or later
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.-Napoleon Hill
Thanks, Ron
Whoops, I messed up that last tweet. Hope you know what I meant
What a fabulous job did on FOX's Real Milwaukee! Our Facebook page is almost to 1,000 fans! Sluts unite!
thank you for following you never know what free giveaways we'll do and when, so make sure you follow us to be in the know!
You discovered a preview of expanded forecasting from 7 to 10 days. We are sorting out the final bugs. Stand by for launch.
Served a double late close today. If you don't know what that means... O well. I'm tired and in need of booze and greasy food who's game?
Chiasso Opens Wilmette Location Chicago furniture retailer Chiasso has opened a new furniture store in Wilmette, Ill. Read Full Article..
why are people taking Vick over Rodgers...it is like last year when people took Chris Johnson over AP
I was planning to get a library card this weekend, too :)
“: BREAKING NEWS Corey Hart is planning to sue McCabe
Ah. I guess that makes a little more sense.
Facebook ‘Groups at LSU’ provides resources, is restricted to students
So true! RT : Solitude is a necessary human need
The MOST awesome indeed.
I love that even in a nationally-available webinar, I see someone I know in the attendee list. :D
Gettin my first Wok on!
my travel coffee mug seems to have sprung a strange leak. every time i take a drink it leaks right down the side. god it's annoying.
Shut up bitch. I've been in school for fucking 11 years. I think I can not pay attention for 5 minutes and still be finee.
What an incredible Sunday School Class today by and at they're an anointed ministry team
"Her face is paler than ever. Her eyes look enormous. They glisten like polished, black jewels."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
Whenever you see darkness There is extraordinary opportunity for the light to burn brighter. ~Bono
Who's your favorite lyricist?
not arizona and ucla. #pac12 basketball is back!
After a long day McDonald's w/ daa cousin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+263A>
I am anything if fair. So, I promise you each a crisp $20 bill from my MASSIVE winnings!
Screw them cali girls. Florida girls is more like it. Lmfao.
All in all, tonight sucked.
We do love Chelsey Handler! We would to get an interview with her here in Portland OR.
Headed home from recruiting. Found a few good ones. Practice starts Friday with one thing on our mind. Big sky champs.
who got you that?
Good job guys RT : #Candlestick Outage: We're aware of the outage and are working as quickly as possible to restore.
i love my fans
“: Brian just said the magic word: Trust. #dfwsem #smcdallas #dfwtweetoff do people trust your content and your authority?”
i want to go to Houstons again. maybe ill go Fri.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!! Stop @ Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Sean Putman. Excellent topic!
Twisted Thursday, Untangle ME!
thanks to you..I have no shoes and smell like frogs haha
When it comes to #success - self-awareness is the starting point. All direction comes from there.
did I have a choice? It was by far appropriate.
no exact date, but i have the house on june 1st! im making multiple trips to slowly move in:)
"He wants the nipple" bwahaa.
...broke a nail, and killed it.
That's a wrap for action pack shooting and voice over.... Now back to hotel for rest..... Then back on set here in RI...
Hmm kinda makes us want to give a go & see if we agree.
I get that people are still pissy about Catwomans costume, but just remember its a movie about a grown man fighting crime dressed as a bat.
A little late, but thank you for the FF!
I can't imagine a life without creativity and imagination..... its where knowledge and ambition come together to form your path in life!
how bout ur singing video?
Trying to determine if my course really needs a wiki, or if I am just jumping on last year's bandwagon.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow. Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
facebook: people in general do not like change. so please stop changing so much. or at least do it in small doses. ty.
how do you like the iPad?
lol come on. i've been waiting this long.
pujols. Someone's gotta eat the blame for the money lost on that contract
Story time <U+263A> is reading me #CatchingFire <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
is the guy who sells the "Boyle Hts" t shirts over there tonight?
Miami-Dade Public Schools confirms that there WILL be school tomorrow. Standby for updates as we get them.
Don't even wish.. Be proud of your nationality... And my name is fheed..
Blane.... How king are yall singing and drinking, lol. You going on more than once?
Just curious, which weather station do you use for the temp at #SantiamPass on ur newscasts?
Take Me With You!!!! Take pics and post them on twitter. It's better than nothing. : 0
Bored ,text.
NE Portland woman gets car broken into, family mementos stolen, hoping you've seen them. Photos, albums, tapes. Let us know!
3 e's: expose, educate, and expand
extremely overrated...
Happy Anniversary to my parents, they've been married 16 years! :D
Thank goodness I'm off on Sunday..are you?
Asleep. Fuck me.
can I wear the medalion?
That guy's good at hitting a baseball. RT : Fielder bp home run - from plate to where it stopped rolling - 611 feet -
let me know when you get here!!
I'm betting we were right!
This all can help move your company from being good at marketing to being great says
hey thanks!
also the ceremonial-magic orgs reference went right over my head. :-p
no lol if anything you should buy me something!jk
..remember as a kid, that sence of peace contentment that enveloped into contentment? Whether religious, political or just profiling the
Nina Dobrev is hot.
I want to gamify everything... EVERY THING
FINALLY you're coming back to Houston and not playing numbers<3 YAY.(:
awe yea I'm always down fa d cause . Whose is it & elements sat .
Just took a nap Time for dinner
Does your campus get caught doing this or is it just mine?
i shall teach it to u:D
#AskMikey what did he feel when he first stepped on the abdc stage? Shout out to denisse vasquez from kansas city
Had my Love going crazy yesterday my Baby was trembling n shaking....... Then he just couldn't take it any mo Smile
-- FOLLOWED! Thank you for the heads up
i Was So Tired , So I Didnt Come To School lol Sorry
It's a dark and stormy morning. I hope all are safe.
haha thank you! :D
jst staying in tonight trynna get some rest.. tomor, different story :)
We rocked it !
pencil me in
Let's see how many more Ferris State interviews ESPN can show tonight.
bastard! And we never even got to meet! I swear I've met more UK, CA, TX, NYC & NJ tweeps than boston ones! :)
alright I'll meet you there!
No apology necessary. They mean a lot to me too.
We have 2 more engineers certified on #Mac! That's a total of 4 Mac certifications!
It's there now!
lol he's a hater too
youll only be 4 hours away from me! :)
just watched Obama's Correspondant's dinner speech! #hilarous i <# obama!
Don't miss the biggest party in Pittsburgh tonight at Static! For VIP info email - few tables left!
the episode was epic love u and the cast
What a way to start out May!
I just called this heffa and she didn't pick up wow
New favorite on campus coffee shop #ucla is full of suprises
What's up stranger????
#THATCamp #LAC campers in the , eat breakfast there-light breakfast in the library for dorm dwellers. Coffee in the library.
Coming 2 u live on the flip side....
just getting ready to go see tonight at the riverside theatre in milwaukee. You??
#Powerhouse2012 Soul Swagger Ent/Island Def Jam Digi Dist. #JonnyTee "Fresh Like Me" Official Clipper Anthem. YouTube Video.
Our singer wrote it when he first meet his his wife 3 years ago :)
Affordable and Accessible health care? Including full and equal access to health care for women? Yes, Please!
for some reason i'm not ready to turn 24 yet
Ugghhh...just trying to survive the day.
is this about baseball? If so, I am disappointed in you liking the Orioles. If iit's NOT, eww.
Oh thats a unibrow? Sorry, I thought it was a sweatband.
is hiring!
Why do we say our bodyparts are "asleep"? Really isn't that bodypart more awake cause it's extra sensitive and reacts to every movement
all is well. In San Fran right now.
BEHOLD! Our Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap! Served with your choice of sides and a warm feeling of making a fine lunch decision.
Being single again = my inner ho comes out.
So what your saying is it's okay for a guy to hit a girl..No! #DumbassMathTeacher!
Viva la revolution.
In the lower sections behind home plate. RT : Question for anyone, Does Miller Park have Wi-Fi?
thats ok. I go for the baseball :)
hi!...thanks
Walking to work hungover second day in a row. Saw a greaser dude on a bike that I'm pretty sure is a model
sent that DM ;)
I didn't know that until recently either. There's a lot about ALEC I didn't know about.
Haha oh I completely agree with you there. Have you been to San Fran? Or what about Orange County?
Teaching @ The Collective Today in NYC book a lesson.....POOF!!!!
How do I cite your work on sickness narratives in my new essay on medical authority in early modern letters? Book or blog?
I'm really going to miss those highly-informative political campaign ads.
That's why you have me. As well as being your code and research monkey, I am also your sarcasm detector monkey.
Hey Kimberly - Thanks for the retweet. Good luck with THE RIVER WITCH!
you a funny person
Tonight's Linux user group talk is about #Arduino and #Beaglebone. And #Weller is still making soldering irons and #Xcelite toolkits.
I Dont Know ! :S
Lebron: best actor award of Game 5 in Eastern conference finals.
I would blame paying for jewelry but everyone knows that is reasonably priced!
who needs google when you have Dave?!?!
Not exactly. The US government just said, "let's allow the Treasury to pay for all of the spending we've already enacted." Huge diff.
They will never know, that's for certain. I mean, how could they.
is it just me or did that tweet trigger a bunch of spam? Lol
I just watched an entire episode of Smash, and it wasn't because I was trapped under something heavy... I have no explanation.
let time tell it all bro... All it take is for it to get in the right hands..
Good luck Scott Darren Williams
oh. Ok. I can clean up. Ill be up for awhile anyway. G'nite you two
Economists at NE Univ. in Boston recently found corp profits captured 88% of income growth b/t the 2 quarter of 09 and the 4 quarter of 10
got little white english kids> < calling mutha fuckas nappy headed hoes...I CAN'T!
Hey girl! Can you bring the iPhone charger downstairs sometime today & maybe hang with hungover Jason while Asher plays golf?
Tel your mom 4 me happy mothers day:)
Happy Valentine's Day from everyone here at Joint! Does anyone have any cool plans for today/tonight?
Ooh, the New Hazlett Theater! Fancy!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
The Master of Kushes
Oh, one caveat. I don't actually HAVE a floppy disk drive. So that might be holding me back from having a symphony of 8 of them.....
Nice RT Keeping Austin Weird....meditation flash mob on the lawn of my office...on cars too! Namaste. yfrog.com/gyz79lxj
I love you too!!! Whoo!!
ima pretend like you're not, where we watching the fight?!!
Stop tweeting
what move to Florida it's already been a yr from the time I said 2 yrs. that was February of last yr
On to: Soulless by Gail Carriger.
Oh Ronaldo what a run but offsides. Wow he was on. Nice pass.
“: I refuse to be a Baby Daddy...” nigga I can dig it
You just gonna move away :(
Just came back from running 4 miles this morning! In the Carolinas.
I must say that Lu-Murano chandelier image was awesome. Couldn't believe what I was seeing. You take great photos. Moving.
..jus' linked up to ethernet .. so much faster...
Day 53 of 100: I am thankful for feeling grateful in the wee hours of the morning.
Welcome back to #Milwaukee, Hank Aaron. commencement speaker was a great ballplayer, but is an even greater man.
Christin Crocker's 2-RBI single gives South Alabama the 4-2 lead in the top of the eighth, one out, two on base.
I hate folding metal chairs
The block button is my new best friend.
I wish I had that friend I can call at night, not be embarrassed of them hearing me cry, & fall asleep knowing they're still on the phone.
I didn't change it!! Haha it just hasn't fully loaded yet or something lol. I just changed it.
Got the good jug ..
#Timberwolves played hard tonight. Ty guys
haha yussh(: pretty great username, I know(: you'll be addicted in a little while haha(:
Without education, you're not going anywhere in this world
There are more than 5,500 children in Virginia ready to me adopted. -random excerpt from the news.
"But a baby boy with whiskers, I never saw before...."
In honor of Maurice Sendak, I will not watch the atrociousness that is the Where the Wild Things Are movie.
At the yof board meeting. Just inducted Sudy kudva & Tyler Ronald. Glad to have you guys!!
RT He can touch MC Hammer
“: "I like it a little burnt". No, you don't. You just suck at cooking.”
so i just saw your videos…and i think I'm in love? Please be from Miami
omg, just cried seas watching that video made for <U+2665> i love you so much, you're my inspirations!
“: taco bell is disgusting.” amen.
where did he drop that missing ball?
made a strawberry banana smoothie...yummy! delicioso! :)
8th graders are so stupid
I am in the worst fucking mood.
- wishing you plentiful unicorns and a rainbow of skittles in your mouth on your birthday - you big beardo.
YEAH do u play any sport??? i do volleyball and gymnistics
Ugh . Ice Age 4 ... not coming soon enough !
We had a productive day.
gigging bro
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you care.
opens drop down box. last option is report as spam. this will block them from your list of followers as well.
Packed house at the funnybone. Showtime. Let's laugh it up
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
If you don't have software yet to explore and test your user experience, start with a competitive product.
#FF Our Musicians/New Order (via )
Only a female would go to a home depot to save money on bottled water haha
Just woke up thankin God for another day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh goodness.
Cool! rt : Yes, I did! It was pretty good, not everything it was hyped up to be, but still ...
no gave up our 3rd and 5th]
“: Can't believe my sister actually has a "drive your tractor to school day" !! Hahahahahhaha”
I only eat the caramel filled chocolates out of the heart shaped containers filled with candy that u get on Valentines day.
Why do ghetto ppl think they look good?
Negatives: cancelled going to my fave, IA Summit; en route to mourn uncle's death. Positives: mediated successfully today; pneumonia done.
Your home away from home! Come celebrate the end of the school year with
the only thing that keeps me going is Austin
#IGoToCoralParkWhere we have Rick Ross and a white Snoop Dogg as securities
no gunfire tonight? None here. Quiet night.
Today is goin by TOO slow. Ugh.
NYC friends, go see my sister! RT Come visit me & my jewelry at today! I have a table from 10-7
I salute you,
Dude sitting next to me on the trolley is sporting a disc man... Awesome!!
YES. That is also on the list!
so excited that I get to wear a dress today! and I'm going to put away winter clothes tonight!
it's called scattered showers for a reason sweet heart which means it ain't raining everywhere....duh Paige ;3
great analogy about house burning. Agree there are much better builders/contractors to rebuild. He should have seen signs.
Congrats!! My whole praxis was on speech science...still not sure how I passed!!
Someone should bring me a sprinkled donut to school tomorrow. I promise i'll pay you back ~
GoodMorning (waits For Replies) ;-)
Moving Meditation class based on Contemplative Dance Practice tomorrow at 11:00 All levels Welcome! $17
Join us for Happy Hour tonight! 5-7 pm. Enjoy 2 hrs of 2-4-1 specials on all wines by the glass! Stop by!!
RT if you like fast food
Yay Clippers! Now Heat and Pacers. Pacers looking good! F the Heat!
good good good. And you?
oh congrats on your graduation!
lol yes it is ;) I stayed right down the street the hard rock...might have a hot new artist to send your way too
Rosetta's Kitchen and Tupelo Honey!
“: Oral stimulation may just be the trigger to wake your #Capricorn sleeping beauty!” HYFR :D
Tell me you are bringing some love into my home today RT : iight.
Who are these Eagles? Wow.
Tonight's Special: Smothered Pork Chops Over Rice w/ Cornbread!
Sex is on my mind
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." -Leon J. Suenes
I also HATE this picture I have right now -___-
:D yayayay. Well I'm sorry I didn't bring you any back. I'm such a jerk.
World Cup Soccer for Monday: Japan vs Cameroon 7am (live) - Paraguay vs Italy 11:30am (live) - Netherlands vs Denmark 6:30pm
followed u ; )
People I wish would tweet: Lewis Lapham, Rob Brezny, Mark Morford, Laurie Anderson, NN/G, Stephen Hawking, Dave Eggers, Edward Tufte...
this girl told me bout 1... movie25 .com
I have 6 different brands of highlighter
when can I see you
thanks for the follow! If you ever are looking for a speaker on talent management initiatives, let me know!
With term life you will pay a small fraction on premium amounts each month, compared with permanent insurance
Best of luck David. You've done good work here.
O HAI! "The Library as Indicator: Evolution or Extinction"
The chosen forever aloners
I do!
After experiencing Christ's unconditional, unfathomable love, how could I ever be the same?
sure sweet dreams bro
you goofy
Yo 2011 what did you do that you didnt get a chance to do....? In 2012 it's time to do it cause your time is precious,life short so Live&luv
Thanks so much for mentioning our organization!
You're welcome! We're skating hard and trying to keep our stick on the ice!
Starting out Day 2 at #wla12 with "Programming with a Boom!" (about baby boomers). Hello, LIS 560 paper fodder.
Gov. Scott Walker's new jobs numbers show 57,000 swing in job creation last year, going from negative to positive.
Congratulation, I'm your 3,400th follower :P
Michellebells88 a kickback wit beer pong tables, music playin, bbq and ppl swimmin if pool aint too cold lol
you never text me back though.
Happy trigger, medium girl, personality traitor, antibionics, cuddlesome, idiot armor, Lou Robinson: never revenge, never regret.
You jus mad cuz girls only want you cuz you got good hair lol
No, really. I am about to make it a sleeping bag. RT : so, anyone want a ginormous steampunk my little pony/hello kitty bag?
welcome to twitter!
The argument that "tradition" dictates that marriage should be between a man & woman is utterly ridiculous.
Tonight is a great night to reassess goals and focus on the things you are most passionate about. (at-least, that's what I'm going to do)
What's a makeover without a celebrity make-up artist to work her magic! Thanks Johnson's for sending to the #MomsFF Suite
I do agree on the no party plan bvut I didn't make the rules and try to pick the lesser of two evils.
Scheduled? You don't have to schedule an oil change at Express Lube. We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
Wow. Just had major 'sleepy voice' on the radio this morning.
There were three different times during his run around the bases where a little more effort would have been enough for Castro to be safe.
“: #nobodysawthat” We saw that
Thank you,
Just when you think it's good- it's not.
Yes! DM us your email address. Thanks for considering!
did you lie lol I'm waiting to see pauley... its way past 10... :(
Watching Paul mooney instead..
Everyone rolls through stopsigns here in California.
Are you a Tennessee Williams fan by choice or osmosis? :)
[ATTENTION] The Tennessee Secretary of State’s office is backlogged and is currently taking about 2 weeks to complete #UCC search requests.
Tell us about the largest fund raiser you were ever a part of. Best will be featured in a new blog!
I'm pretty sure he looked at me as he was leaving though haha
I really don't . I'll keep calling until you pick up cause now you made me mad .
Getting to bed b4 11:00>>> ....good night
Memorial Day liners from your favorite country artists, and Brad Paisley talks about his new album! Up now in Artist Audio!
Yup! How long has it been since I actually like... Saw you though?
"Luther" is a fantastic show. As far as movies go, watch "Street Thief: Who is Kaspar Carr"; otherwise "Hawaii, Oslo" is also great.
I think I slept with a boulder lodge against my shoulder last night. Ouch. I need a massage.
we should trend #hornyforjustin again LMFAOO. i wanna see of jeremy will tweet "this better not be about my son"
Going fishing with my good and guide-worthy friend.
yes they are, but unfortunately they are only on sale till may 1st,
technically it's people who repost their foursquare checkins to twitter. 'cause lots of us don't. i just stop following them.
im already following u it say im taychill1 on instagram
RT Its hard 2wait around 4 something u know might never happen; but its harder 2 give up when u know its everything u want.
It's a lovely day to be heading to #aam2012 (even if it's for <24hrs). Excited to help w/5:15pm Idea Lounge on Future of Museum Ethics!
Today was full of surprises. All good.
lol jk. im not legit mad at you. IM mad at abel though -__-
"I prefer not to be on the cover"
Im from baton rouge but stay in westmemphis stackin'
I Truly Need Some new Followers
I have a huge crush on :)
I need more energy to finish this first round EvE article.
What is your favorite type of necklace? A. Rosary Bead B. Link Chain C. Curb Chain D. Ball Chain E.Spiral Chain
Heading home from #C12LV. Had a great time talking to #Oracle #Webcenter customers, partners, and #C12LV attendees.
I gotchu what's your email
Impromptu dance with the other night; I'm an instant fan.
Thanks very much for posting and RTing our Un-Competition Project!
Looks pretty cool.
and that's walter kazee
Goodbye April. To sum your month up, you were STUPID. March ROCKED. Bring on May!
You tell me you had sex last night & you tell me that you like me a lot, your a whore
U better hurry uhp nd txt me
okay texting her now. Are you doing okay? I miss you very much :-)
Best song ever
Grilling and unsupervised use of power tools. It must be summer
Jonny Flynn & Luke Babbitt will start tonight for the #Blazers tonight against the
O.A.R. still better than
DWTS needs to call #chadevans2! #wronglyconvicted for a murder w.out physical evidence? That's crazy!! Wake up Mr. Governor in NH! WAKE UP
I came up with a bunch of hilarious tweets when I was showering and now I cannot remember them.
I still have not a clue what to wear!
Huge thanks for the #FF! Have a great week
No school for me today...-_-
Since you live in Florida you should do a concert in NORTH FLORIDA.. maybe Jacksonville , Florida (; ...please? <3
YAYYYY! Ill throw down boo!
Just Sent A Fye Ass Beat!!!
appropo for your location
Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid
vcu will foul and milk several more seconds.
My ex is bringing home boudin. :-)
Prepping for 1st trip to London for
RT : Q3) How does LoD differ in corporations vs academia?
Last meal in Anaheim CA before flight. Mission accomplished.
Seriously, stop complaining about all your "injuries" until you experience a REAL injury. You play soccer. Suck it up.
that's graduation day isn't it?
San Diegans, where R U watching the Philly-Pittsburgh hockey game? What bar? One of my minions wants 2 leave wrk early & I'm going to help.
Thesis is rolling right along. So far, I've gotten 10 survey responses and 1 CV.
What can I say I love me some females lol To b real, I do know when a girl says no. Just naughty tweetin u, love ;)
Nice to see both of you yesterday. Cheers to getting away from the desk!
Our pleasure. Let us know how everything goes. :)
Aww my teeth are starting to hurt :/
LmaooooRT : Just saw a chick instagram that owns a birkin in deadass every color ... Shitting on my entire life lmfao
These girls are dustier than my now 11 cd
are you going?
Thanks #ubericon for celebrating the monorail's 50th birthday in style!
I have so many deep and interesting thoughts that need to be documented on the internet forever
American idol
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
It's a new beginning <3
ahh aight then I'm not gonna say hi :(
Work, graduation party, work, graduation party, work = Awesome weekend!
can we have a sleepover?
I can seriously fall asleep at the drop of a hat lately.... Scary when driving!
U gone learn when she start giving the next nigga what she use to give u
Can't wait any longer. Let's do this ish already
HELLO WORLD JUST WANT TO GIVE SHOUT OUTS TO THE REAL HUSTLERS IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW YOU GET IT JUST AS LONG AS THE OUTCOME IS INCOME :-) :-)
Up early, listening to Junk Bond Trader. Today should be dope.
- Seriously dude, it's #DIETribes ;)
Just ate a lot of Chinese & now Alex persuaded me to go to the gym because he's going to teach me some weight lifting moves.
agh u asked me to guess!? see now u gotta give details lol
twitter says I'm following you. Are you sure?
lol yea thats bad thats y i always have a stash jest in case
The police are out! Be careful yall!
Thanks for the listings!
Anyone want to play some racquetball around 6:30? Step into my office
going to be in Vegas in jan.. anyway to get peepshow tickets?
Big news coming our way... stay tuned in the next few days!
wuts up keith
remember when you would always make me laugh during Spanish class in 6th grade? Omg. We were loud!
I'll treat you with respect and love. You'd never have to worry. I'd always be there for you. I'd make you smile everyday.
RT if you're at
Ready for Saturday to come, so I can see oomf:)
yeah. I know what you mesn
Show us your pin too…or some sort of teaser image/ text to make us click through.
I go to a book for more information. It's slightly disappointing when I do not find it.
Too many unforced turnovers for Lakers
Thank you! :)
Live streaming now for horns & rhythm retro hymns.
Lord knows I'm about to blow up
Last day <3 , "summer summer summer!"
Getting ready for #spin class!
Thanks for the fabulous write-up Stephanie, and for helping us get the word out! Great hearing that from the #1 resource!
A person who always has that glow you can't explain, you should go talk to them.
Small % of cursing. Needs to be used sparingly to drive home a specific point.
I have to wash dishes.... I HATE doing this!! UGH. -_____-
SHOW ADDED! Britton Tavern - Fishers Thursday March 8th 8:00p start time
New iPad to Launch early this year
79 Friday ... 82 Saturday for Ladies night... Wow!! Im posting #CoolsCamera™ photos and editing video tonight. Club MIXX!
No not every meal needs to stay in this range but just be careful of your daily intake of carbohydrates
Valentines day scmalentines day
Thanks darling :)
Yep, didn't sleep last night. Again. Super awesome. Happy Mother's Day to the BEST mom and friend in the world - mine!
wishes I lived with him.
the grave, so that mankind could be saved from the penalty for sin, and spend eternity in peace, joy, and a new life, because God loved us..
Library faculty meeting with the provost soon .. quite jittery, because I don't know what to expect at all.
Kobe is actually sitting out due to injury?! Maybe the world IS ending in December...
Hey Dears:) I'll be in NY next month;) gotta see ya...
#ShootMeNow oh wait BEAUTIFUL
80 degree weather today love Cali
Peace & love my dude!
Holy moly. Homeless Angelinos have camping tents to sleep in. As well as the hottest kicks discarded by Hollywood
Basic generalized sports comment that everyone has already said
4:am forever
I'm compelled to take a camera out and shoot something! With out of commission someone's gotta film!
give me some
Best of Luck Carol! RT : We're looking forward to the Beauty Bus event this weekend at the House of Blues Sunset!
thanks! You too!
RT #ireallywant to be a kid again because it seemed like everything was so easy.
Happy Birthday Mr Techguy. I hope your family feeds you more than Thanksgiving left overs.
can't wait to see you, too!
My most convincing pickup line to the ladies remains "At least I'm not a Kennedy, you'll be fine."
what.the.fuck
Somewhere Armando Galarraga and Jim Joyce are shaking their heads.
is rehearsing the lines for his upcoming episodic principal role as the security guard on the USA Network Television Series "Burn Notice."
i'm so going on an unfollow spree lol
Just spent 30 mins putting my class schedule into my phone's calendar.Sad thing is that was the most productive thing I did all day.
Thanks for recommending us! Sending some #followfriday love right backatcha!
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men. ~ Joseph Conrad
I want to listen to my heart, but my brain just doesn't let me.
I should clarify: this year's PD involves taking notes on using Sharepoint program so I can take notes for PLC.
Think it's a bad sign or a good sign that my waitress right now is wearing a steelers tshirt?
I flipped my mom off. She didn't care. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Can't wait for the Daytona 500!!! (: i go every year with my #daddy <3
steph and Hanna liked that movie a lot. Its a good kids movie
I'm not saying I'm right but I'm not wrong killed me to do it but it had to be done.
Ahh!!! End of summer. I wish I could snap my fingers and be done! Editing the edits.
Reddit threads scale shockingly well.
Does United know? I can't tell
My daughter has basically been sick all week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> now my son is starting to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Having trouble posting logos onto Facebook pages. Use "auto detect by FB", but it pulls the wrong logo. Is there a secret?
True But Hell HAlf Of Da True Bops And Hoes Ainn Even Really On Da Page
partially, yeah. I'm still trying to unpack this for myself. And this isn't all responses, either. Some seem better than others.
QOTM: Are you testing my right eye? Because I don't have a right eye.
but oh well
Nobodys a virgin... life screws us all.
Yet again, impresses me with their customer service & speedy security check. Thanks for helping this trip start right!
I wanna go to hooters tonight to watch the thunder game <3
i'll take NY in any kind of weather!!
#GDC have a great low-tech recruting booth, but showing #HardenTheFuckUp video - getting more attention than the most $$ booth
looking for #dogfriendly restaurant in #clt. Already tried revolution pizza in noda. Is there anywhere in #southend or #elizabeth?
I just saw you have no tweets. I'm bored. Let's start Quacker.
I saw your fab team on Friday! Missed you!
Cool! Quinn's at 7. I'll be there.
Saw #discovery out the window of our office.
aww i guess :) where do you livee?
That would be so much fun! Any chance we can get Gray to move the location to Florida this year?
Samardzija is off to a great start this afternoon. Glad to see him in the starting rotation.
great hair!
Morning Monkeys! Ashtanga starts at 10am today with Marissa at our South Miami Treehouse!
Graham dining hall
I know, right? Cheap entertainment :)
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
I cant believe that Lee DeWyze is still trending at #1. I hope crystal Bowersox wins. She has had my vote since her first Janis Joplin song.
Shoutout to our newest TWEEPS! Thanks for following us!
No great leader in history fought to prevent change.
and what have you ever won? Find a real story.
very slowly but very surely
Bonne St. Valentin!- ( to gentleman that came in the shop earlier- afterward, i did remember you! Happy Valentine....)
I Should Be On T.V. They Way I Tell-A-Vision...
Best line in a movie by a good looking woman..."Get him off as fast as u can" -Demi Moore A Few Good Men
no problem
They're playing Christmas music in Wal-Mart. AH!
Learning how to be influential where I have no true authority.
How will you feel when you finish that task you've been putting off? Let that feeling propel you into action. Tally ho!
of course I do! :)
I knew what you meant :)
Not the same OD without the #TribeTalk! RT : Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans! With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
What am I trying to prove!
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON...LOL
We have a bunch more from the trip! Should we post them? Didn't want to go overboard? :)
Thinking about switching my hours up a little for the summer
All you care about is fruit and touching yourself, fuck you.
wishing you the best day!!
I am so ampeed about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight. All of my Plus+ Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
possible news interview tomorrow on the Matthew Turner story
Kansas State Wildcats 3/8 ' ‘Powercat Heart ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
no, unless you mean the grown men slapping each other with foam swords at summit city.
a plastic wallet for leavers book to go in ha x
Love my new followers
I should be studying. #storyofmylife No Just Kidding I will......in 5 minutes.
It's funny that everyone is making a big deal about Jeremy Lin's ethnicity. Then they interview him with a backdrop that says MSG
When you block someone from your tumblr, they can still see it. Thanks for cussing me out. You're so mature.
It's Just Begun, Apache and Sex Machine!
it's a good club to be in!
Sampan was AWESOME!!!!! Thanks to Jonathan @ the Lowes for the recommendation.
Ah, I wanna perform at teenhoot so bad..
Wont be Happenin when i get this WIP though!
lol that's pretty cool! Ok kiddo- safe travels & keep in touch!
Heh. But you wouldn't want a behemoth dog spitting on that! I don't care if she slobbers on the Focus.
RT : I wish Rachel and Susan knew how MUCH of an impact they each had. Incredible and inspiring legacy.
Be still my heart. She was one of my first crushes.
“: We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me.”
ah I love you so much <3
Enchilada sauce with a fusion of #Cuban and #Creole flavors, way better than your average red sauce from Tonita's Kitchen...
couldn't agree more. From our experience, good editors are an extension of their writers and their biggest fan.
Ive watched this baby grow + Im so proud of my team every year who helps to make this thing a reality for #Sacramento to enjoy
Is so gorgeous<3
“: come to Jamie's!!” I'd love to work with you all!! Obsessed over Jamie's all weekend ;)
could be cool to glitch that "whoah" into a secondary post chorus hook where it hits 2:42 fun track too!!
you re gonna probably look so different !! Still I'll always love you I'm a true mahomie a.a.f <3
GET OUT OF THE HOUSE TODAY, AND VOTE! CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN, OR LIBERTARIAN! VOTE!
pffft~I am the smartest follower u have...a lb of feather weighs > bcs gold is measured in troy oz which is only 12 instead of 16
Who says, cookies are perfect for any meal!
Malinowski: while in protest against Formula1, they see riot police and people run back, his first taste of pepper spray
Went outside to smoke a cig and a cat I've never seen jumped on the porch, ran up and rubbed its head against my leg, seems apropriate
Do you have like marijuana card ---
I have a black card and your broke ass gotta debit .
Thank you for the RT!
Great seeing you, too! I knew I recognized you!
well the people that KNOW the truth wont stop following.. i know i wont:)
You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you. And you're welcome.
Palazzo pants! Wish I had saved mine from the 70s, I imagined myself a short version of !
As is this amazing free agency frenzy. As fans, what did we lose? HOF game? I'll live. Lack of Hard Knocks hurts, tho.
I believe the key to a great commencement ceremony is keeping it focused on the students who are graduating, and keeping it brief...
you up for dinner next week while you're here?
and each generation finds its own ways of being exceptional
can never go wrong listening to the Good call.
RT : President O: National Hearing on Contraception-- The Man Show :)
Giants kick a field goal and end it. 20-17 Too bad Niners. You played great. It's a Giants Patriots Super Bowl.
Then again, they're gonna attract even MORE band sluts... that you're gonna have to get rid of. ;)
so does anyone watch the commercials you can skip on youtube etc.... I mean ... why would you...
Check your emails as a new monthly special should be in your InBox.
At a wedding tweet at me what your dream wedding would be like :)
#nwpam11 someone told Deb Meier that she could have been a university professor--and they thought that was a compliment.
Thx 4 Interaction #FF I get busier, tweets dwindle... how do I reverse this trend? #needMOREtime!
who is Washed Out? Or are they saying that covering Wicked Game is washed out? Still a good song!!
#TheBeatles are now availible on iTunes. In other news, oxygen has been discovered on Earth.
that I don't doubt
Insomnia during WESTEST week isn't good.
Damn ATM ate my debit card...
...and of course I did. Thought I'd be sorry, but now I'm just impressed.
Also, great book rec. Sanj is hooked on Game of Thrones!
ha , ifeel you
Perfect idea RT : Dont require to register on FB to watch a video but if you do you get benefits CEO
At that rate I am Definitely on my way!
Happy Tuesday for me -- our secretary is picking up lau lau for all of us at Yama's today!
Is 'Pain and Gain' still filming in Miami? Anyone know?
Wondering what's up with the Cambridge MA water main rupture.... Sidewalks and streets collapsing? Gas main also ruptured? Huh?
Extremely disappointing loss in overtime by the Kings in Stanley Cup playoffs resulting in elimination. Had very good season though.
Definitely need to go back to Cali sooner than later
Aww...Thanks! He's just lucky I have my followers to make that overall reach much larger than if it were just him alone.
Playing Balderdash at Intersection for the Arts! The word: CALLIPYGIAN
thanks! Found police scanner radio app. It's free & has a police code list. Wish I had this when neighbor's meth house got raided.
Log onto facebook and open the thing I tagged you in..It's freakin' hilarious!
I'd love to talk with you! In a Facebook seminar today Heshie.
New #SFGiants road unis have a black trim to them. Look a bit old school but can't quite place era. Also can't decide if I like 'em
My iPhone 4 is great...aside from the fact that it barely makes calls. I guess it is better than strapping the iPad to my head.
5 years ago: A U.S.-led coalition operation supported by NATO troops killed the Taliban's most prominent military commander, Mullah Dadullah
They THINK they're trolling
Need to get this tatt touched up
South Dakota? Link please! “: VC deals today in both Mississippi and South Dakota... Good to see some disbursement distribution.”
: Eric Johnson - Head of Outreach & Consulting, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Resident Nice Guy
Wendy williams look like a damn bunny in this commercial lolol
Then tried to access webmail, but aparently that site is down?
Same sex marriage is fine. I don't think you should be able to marry outside your fanbase. THAT is a huge problem.
Fear factor is one of the highest watched reality show.
Sweet! so glad you're staying a Colt :) Congratulations 98
#sxsw. Sandy, what a great presentation this morning. Great data, great insights.
Nice. I'd go to that, but I'm not spending $50+ just to see Garbage and Silversun Pickups.
Only one on twitter. RT : only one old guy rant today, you're off your game
They say bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
never was nor will be a Celtic fan Over here....
Moaning noises why ?
so far so good. Waiting on the fight tonight you?
I knew someone once that said he didn't like Strawberry Sundaes. What a freak. lol
Thanks! It was such a fun gig!
Watching Oklahoma destroy the nuggets... M why does the word nuggets make me hungry :-)
RT Sneak preview #KeeperOfTheDragonSword on my blog. #Géra'sGift introduces the series
Stop on by, we have it and more!
The BIGGEST #FF to hubby who lights up my life and makes my home a better place. (Now can I get those new shoes?)
6oclock cannot get here soon enough
u r making me blush! :)
Mornin' sunshine! One after another, cars stall after drivers fill up at an Austin gas station. What's the problem in a live report.
awww you mad ? RT : when you make a parody account, I can't take you seriously
I love that movie. Can you imagine giving $50 in the 60s?
wow...thirteen days i've been absent from the tweet...i might get held back a grade or be forced to take summer classes...sheesh
sorry about that. We are looking forward to seeing a show soon.
I was taking graduation pics today , & the photographer told me I look too young to be graduating -_____-
Yo! #Follow Back - it's Aaron
Wife to A Mom, Grandma, Co-Pastor of Rivergate Church (Formerly Open Bible Fellowship) Tulsa, OK, Hungry for more of God!
Obsessing over Wordpress stats. I just want to break 75 today. Come on. Have the spirit of 76.
I wish I could, Elisabeth. Google has not yet given me any invitations yet to send out for the Wave preview.
Yes! Thank you for the love! RT : was beautiful... Beyond words.... I am in awe of tonight
You know the new music video Christian is in? You should follow the singer in it! :]
RIP, Jose Lima.
You can have anything you want if you will give up the belief that you can't have it. by Dr. Robert Anthony
wow good morning america.... I cant wait to see it
Senor - Dale. Think it's "let's go." Boom.
Ok so I asked her!
No wait. I'm gonna watch Aliens on blu ray. Gift from my brother.
Tell us why you should win the iPad or lunch for two. The post with the most "Likes" win!
totally understandable, thanks anyway! Next time
sure you dusting of your sequins for next weekend!
haha I love that he said they should "roll the dice" what a clown
But I like you guys. We're friends. I think so, at least. We don't have to like all of the same stuff.
Ah. Grrrrr. UgH. Not enjoying this morning.
yuck pea soup look like baby do do lmao
yoooooo shun! Look out your window and tell me what happened :)
Family <U+0096> where life begins and love never ends.
Decided i will only drink as fast as I can make ice. Good thing I have two ice trays.
found out yesterday I'm having a girl!! :-)
IF YOU MESSIN WITH YOU'RE MESSIN WITH ME. SAY SUMN...
You picked a night to watch #Raw with the return of the
Thanks for teaching me how to alter color codes in html. So fun!
I MISS YOU AND #LittleJacob ):
RT StormDriver Entertainment movie contest is live! Write a funny scene ending and have it made into a movie. Check out our pa
Of course, darling. Have a lovely evening!
iWish Love Didnt Exist .. Then No One Would Get Hurt
Indeed! '-) Thanks!
I called Oakes to pre-verify that tweet. He hung up on me.
I know, me too. It's really one of the few shows left that has merit.
Two ads: red bull zebra; clever. Expedia stitch; fucking stupid and annoying. Do marketing departments get raises or fired over this stuff?
Oh lmao! xD I can never remember their names ;_;
haha I wanna go soon :)
I usually don't like that loud stuff, but The Air I Breathe is pretty cool. c;
I approve!! Only lazy hipster bands still use MySpace
That would be fantastic! It's a very hands on tutorial, attendees would need a laptop and table.
I'm following my friend!!!
omg i love ur twitter background where did u get it?
oh I c
#dameon Fun to be on the live a life you love panel
one main reason i missed is because i wasn't able to mess with her & all her mistakes (':
You will free yourself when you learn to be neutral and follow the instructions of your heart without letting things perturb you.
I really want to see Ichiro Jones get a chance to play everyday. I know how clever I am saying that after 2 hr's
“Mental toughness is not letting anyone break you.” - Jimi Mitchell-
Corrected: Apple's iPad boosts FT online subscriptions
Its gonna be alright
Unfortunately he didn't have any recommendations. Said his wife is a better cook than any of Chicago's Nigerian restaurants.
might be smart, better to have a healthy body than hobbling around...although its hard to admit
nooi, gas station
major changes coming soon!
You beautiful no matter what...
yes im seeing it everywhere
Make it an Irish and we'll talk...
Yeah, 's PR people need to get their act together.
i hate fatt bitches tht think there cool !!!
Did you add a dash of clear vinegar to the water? That helps the egg hold together.
CFF, , & The Morning Blend. Tomorrow!
heck yea! I'm gonna lay out in the sun for just a few more mins and i'll walk back! :)
11:11 you are my life;) my wish is you pls pls pls see this
cool i'll get to work on my yacht wardrobe
I haven't been able to turn my 4g on all day, and my 3g is so slow. WHAT IS THIS TORTURE
Lovely night with the former-roomie, current world traveller. This house has been full of friends since I moved in - the way one should be!
Your back in ATL! Now all yu gotta do is a live preformance for your ATL Beliebers!! :)
I love the way he dance. <33
You're not lonely.
hey Taraji...how are u today
Cherry bombs + car bombs = not a good thing
Oh, thank you! RT : Thanks to for mentioning you. Very glad to have discovered your beautiful blog.
The worst feeling is walking behind your crush and his girlfriend.
I have no idea what that means. As a 'broadcaster' you should be able to effectively convey your message.
Why? Are you looking forward to a Corona? :)
its been storming all week. like dang, can i SLEEP?
The previous pic was from the Wall Street Journal.
I'm a country fan, truly am. But even I think this song might be a little....tired?
Thanks for the #ShoutOut!
RT": Great day to smell the gym a lil bit...nice lil workout/shooting n som rehab"<--REHABBING WHAT? :-/
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
Is it safe to say that Coach Calipari is a great recruiter, but average coach?
Help support PB's upcoming production of Tape by Stephen Belber! Mail your tax-deductible donation to PBTC, PO Box 1645, Milwaukee WI 53201.
I have to get some blood work done...turns out, I'm asthmatic/something bad that makes me die from running. But I'll be there!
LMAO u retard! I just saw this. HAHA!
Can't they make a tear free onion?!?!
Weird. I woke up to the same situation. And I had an 8 am call time, so I panicked thinking I over slept.
I swear it's impossible to do revision without eating loads of junk food...
It was great meeting Heather last night. Hope she enjoyed it. She was truly a BIG help to the production team!
I got a separate account so that I could chat all things not sports with my close Twitter peeps.
#sockets and r in the building at #figure8 . :)) follow us !
ha best of on #Spotify, awesome
So I got the most beautiful "Mother to be" card from yesterday. Brought tears to my eyes.
I think the differentiation is kinda silly. Yes, they have different connotations, but "quotes" is a perfectly valid abbreviation.
Thanks for the follow!
congratulations you deserve it all <3
Thanks for the support!
I need Frozen Mexican Dinner.
hey beautiful!
My stepdad works at Hearst! He's quite an awesome guy.
#arentyoutired of people yelling at you to shut up during a movie?
Miller: You don't need a teacher's license under federal law, so states can do what they want.
Just got back from TEDxSJU. Great lineup!
I just saw The Muppets movie and it was better than I could have ever hoped for, kudos!
I love waking up to 21 text messages from twitter!(: makes me think of Peyton<21
thanks! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!!
Good idea.. .. I worked out on a bad foot a year ago, and I am still not healed. I hope your foot gets better fast :)
get twitter to remove the follow limits !
headed in a good direction.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes if any debts are jointly or individually in each spouse's name.
RT : While watching tonight's American dad I think made a boo boo by stating Hayley was conceived in 1996.
hey guys, go check out the band & spread the word about them (:
I love animals. I have 2 dogs. I grew up right here on the east coast in the same area I live now.
Damn birds dont know what sleep in means? I just need a sling shot and ten rocks!
I'm hanging in there. How are you?
I dont know how I didnt know about this site before. Job hunting commencing now.
Bitch I'm the bomb. Like tick, tick.
The Comedians of Comedy !!! friggin HILARIOUS !!! watch it !!! Patton Oswalt, Zack Galifiniakis and more ... awesome !!!
Sweet. I might be able to watch some of it! RT JUST IN: The Daytona 500 will start at 6pm CST on FOX.
two iPads = glorious quadrophonic sound too!
Newt-gas is only $2.50? Where can I buy it?
has the most amazing girls ever. :)
Is there any sweeter feeling than when a cute little 3 year old girl curls up and falls asleep on her mommys lap? :)
Concur, I hate it when they swing at the first pitch. Foolish move.
My Birds take 5 of 6 vs Yankees & Red Sox & now r on top Toughest league in Baseball the AL East...O-R-I-O-L-E-S Magic, Magic, Oriole Magic
Clutch hug and bump night galore. NFL draft. Woo-hooo.
agreed! Thanks for having us!
My dermatologist has amazing skin. This makes me more receptive to what she has to tell me.
Still can't believe I'm leaving for NYC tonight at 4 am. Too crazy!
Are you responsible for the LCSO hacking?
Oh baby when you cry, your face is momentary!!
: Thanks for the well wishes! I'm really excited about it.
I see you across the court. Go Blazers! w/
If a bitch tell you she's naturally beautiful.. See if she let u test her face out with a wet wipe
either way Torts is going to be pissed. But if I must choose I think NY will pull it off.
Oh no! Crossing all fingers/toes! RT : Complete madness at this end as planes to Chicago are being cancelled... Fingers crossed.
I'm looking at one of the hottest Indian girls I have ever seen. What? Did I just type that.
Omg best friend!! I was just thinking of you and was about to tweet you! What's wrong? :(
tonight, tonight.... we're on Ed's radar. :)
hit me with a follow back so I can msg you back..lol I am about to sen this song
I'd love to hear what you thought about the webinar--the lack of immediate facial feedback makes me crazy! I'm an extrovert ...
Can't walk by 60th and Mad and not go in! Got Parker Print Skinny Pant. Loving!
Don't make me come over there and crash your dinner! I'm at the Orleans at the moment, haha.
I suppose. Can't decide whether to use it twice on myself or use it on , who completely hates BBQ.
dude you have I talk to you man. Somehow I didn't knew interface when I saw your video and somehow I can do it but I need help!
We would love to sample your new #kosher wine. Is it distributed in the U.S?
Very cool, best of luck!
Knocking players over does not equal a foul in the #Clippers #Nuggets game apparently.
ActorStuff: Trust that it is okay to NOT act. Seriously. Trust.
thank you !
GOOD MORNING &HAPPY FRIDAY
How you not know it was raining outside, sometimes i wonder if ppl heads are hollow
I think I might too. I may start tonight and finish it tomorrow lol
Can a young dude get money any more...
Season 4 of the Wire was my favorite.
yes, that's what I'm drinking... At work..... With high voltages and crush hazzards
HELL YEAH!!!!! it does
Gametime. Lets see what this is all about.
All your base.. base.. base, all your base are belong to us.
on my life bro
Rookies and both active in early games and set to see their first NFL action today
a simple Wordpress project. Lots of little essays, links, videos. Nothing complex. Total mess for them, though.
Thanks. If I can get a copy to all litigants with children it just might make them think twice about child welfare, and laws!
gotta say, the chicago bears do an excellent job with providing content that fans like me love on their website keep it up!
RT : overheard some "hardcore" 9th graders discussing how a kid had one four loko and threw up in Sam's vagina
Finished the last book in the Hunger Games series last night. Looking forward to seeing the movie this weekend!
And Kentucky Derby Day (aka, the only day of the year people actually drink Mint Juleps!) RT : Happy Drinko de Mayo!
19 may be just a bit of overkill, but hey any publicity is good publicity :)
Knocking on doors in the district!
join for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
I love meat... but if I was vegetarian I'd eat Marination () Sexy Tofu tacos everyday. Just sayin.
Love it!
Our friend Katie Wirkus joins us next to talk about Wisconsin potatoes on
This tattoo definitely looks best on me when I am naked.
Omg Chynna, you're such a task master... Lol! I'm guilty of this a tiny bit too :-o Bossyboots :D
No, I never did. What tee did he want again? Was it The Beatles?
Nothing quite like an ear-shattering fire alarm to kick off my birthday :)
,.definitely butter!
that's very kind of you . . .
Given the lukewarm reluctant endorsement by former GOP candidates, I think #Romney will get a shock in November.
So many different types of #fail today
I'm saying I loved u n mag u cancelled. In my gates voice
Visit the conservatory today to get out of the rain and into the tropics! $1 general admission.
is best in East. Beat LA next weekend and you're best in all MLS. RT : still no respect 4 SKC
I'm happy I got it off my chest lastnight and told him how I feel about him...no matter what ima always be here fa the kid <3
When you learn how to love yourself it won't be so hard to accept the love of others...
I am watching real BeiJing Opera.
No problem! ;)
passed you in the night,
Listen up at 6:50 for the Spring Training Song of the Day!
Its SODMG over everything. Swag me out cause bitch I gotta sack now. SMOOK!!!
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
like who cares about fur.. It looks cute so wear it !! Like those assholes wear like gross jeans and tees
see ... you wish I would say that but home boy, it ain't happen today..tomorrow ...NEVER. I like your butt doe.
In Scottsdale a little early for some club action (food) then to THE MINT for OUTASIGHT!
RT : In 10 minutes we'll start a #twitterview with form Miami (USA), about her vacations in
You're useless bro.
Just figured out that = Cam Rellim
<3 RT 15 years ago today, we lost a great person - Sublime's Bradley Nowell.
Although, Other Printing Companies are closed for the day due to the Holiday, NYC Printing 123 is open to take any printing orders! Call...
Tonight at 11pm, the best 11 minute news show on television - San Diego 6 News!
I wish it was blue. Lol
manlove at its finest!
RT TMZ: Lindsay Lohan Misses Flight to D.C. for Correspondents' Dinner --- shit, there goes the weekend
: that's awesome that you just went public with that. I guess i just have a way with making lasting impressions
got asked if I went anywhere over spring break because I got darker and have a great tan... Haven't I always been tanned?
I know I have a smart mouth , o there's no need to remind me that I do everytime I get smart
": No! I wanted Johnny!! Ugh! #sadface :'(" THIS THIS THIS THIS THIS
I love Beyonce.
Thanks for the RT. By the way, we're not "Hoos for Haiti". We're "Love4Haiti", the event taking place at Random Row Books...
I guess would work...Though it lacks in alliteration.
because I'm a lame. :( lol
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!! It is a beautiful day to be in San Francisco celebrating
Works great now, thanks!
Being the first to clap in an audience & then everybody joins you & thinking "Yeah, you are all my bitches.
Exciting! RT : Shoeholic, Magazine Just For Footwear Fans, Coming Soon (can't wait!) -
Going to bed night xD
Guys"N Divas:Battle of the High School Musicals- Three Southern INDIANA high school drama clubs battle in a fierce rivery:15 Min On LOGO Net
very interested in adobe's acquisition of omniture. could be a gamechanger for lots of multichannel marketers.
Not sure how I feel about that pick. TT knows what he's doin tho
fuuuuuuck what show doggy?? Why an I not there I cum to
How are you going to shoot over Ramos disappointing.
I'm having serious dog walker separation anxiety. Anyone have a trusted pup sitter in Andersonville?
Thanks Chris! Please throw something at Joe for me today!
Gloops' logo will be on the helmets and a patch on #Oakland's jerseys
The game is about to start! Lets goo!
A3: lack of appreciation has always plagued those who want to measure art.
got another leadership thingy to Washington...
I figured out what the "M" in MTV stands for...Jersey Shore
didnt know about 11AM soccer final. Will watch some then before son's 1st game at noon.
U wanna know why I ride u so much 2 show me how u feel? Its becus I luv you. Got damn. I luv u & cud really give a fuk about any1 else
Yeah. Had my eye on it for a while, and my inner Whovian wouldn't shut up until I got them.
9. Write on the sidewalks that you are Mrs. Bieber.
#EricCantor endorses Romney. They attack women, union, & voter rts. This kind of politics ended 50 yrs ago.
Perfect day to be in the studio.
haha. WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
You can't live like that forever. I promise.. It will get you nowhere.
Why would anyone would buy MW3. Try playing a better game. Try battlefield 3
i swear these fucking people applaud after every period
It's.official, sold out Turner Hall tonight.
Happy Friday! Be sure to stop by our Oktoberfest tent tomorrow for some scrumptious food selections and Beckett’s gear!
Mary Renault~ It is bitter to lose a friend to evil before one loses him to death.
Secrets, Adultery and Envy may be back, but Winter is Coming.
Obama: we need "rules to prevent... Faulty medical devices"
#TreyGowdy: Bill "to give providers the ability to deny coverage for services inconsistent with their personal beliefs" Corps are people????
btw tricky dick, Herbert Hoover, Anthony Kennedy, rehnquist ... Want to set you straight about their schools
is one of the most creative and unique local artists in Milwaukee! Love all her creations!! Proud to be a follower!
wow what?
I just parked our bus across 10 spots outside the fine arts building i used to get parking tickets with my car in one spot
Watching Exit Through the Gift Shop- Banksy is a funny f**ker
haha thank you :) im not going to any concerts or anything like that tho so idk if i will meet her or not
no, no. She talks about getting deals at Kohls. And coupons. Riveting.
tell the guys that back here at the office we've got our Mavs gear on & ready to cheer Rowdy Proud & Loud 2nite frm Texas!
Ah so do I! He's so adorable
Brunch @ Brio Flatiron
stop being be a jealous bitch.
lol...AUTO SPELL checker messed that up! SEPOSITION! is how it is spelled. Grrr.
oops.. congrats to.....got a new phone and twitter app...trying to figure it out
": Is it me or is nicki Minaj skin color gettin lighter by the second lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>" ikr I think she b wearin a type of cream
haha, no that didn't happen, that's just an example of what will happen once old ppl figure out twitter. Read my previous tweet.
RT : thanks to #justfilms community: "Its not just about the product, it’s about what the product can do” --O. Bagwell
nope! I have Piloxing for the Cure at that day!
Thanks for submitting both! We will post one of them soon. How many tickets would you like for the show?
Gon be doing Tricks for Daddy when we take it to da house
I’m Not Saying The Banking System Is Collapsing However I Withdrew $50.00 From The ATM And Was Paid In Chinese “Yen”
I have found the game to be, in all factualness, a universal language wherever I traveled at home or abroad. - Ben Hogan
I will be there! It won't last 10 hours, should only last a few... max.
British buddies, I have to say that is everywhere in SF. Such a rapid rise. It's impressive dorsey and co and it really works.
Annotations with a purple pen.
RT : UR the man Montee We have enjoyed following ur success this year. Enjoy NYC! We R pulling for u!
Amazing! More than 200 million YouTube views occur on mobile devices per day #mobile #video via Janel Jacobs
i was his youngest client.
EFF. That was hours ago. GOD DAMN IT SEE THE PREVIEW!
Congrats to #Winterhawks who have forced a decisive Gm 7 tomorrow in Edmonton! 3-2 win tonight...
The one who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -Chinese Proverb
Moving AMC's "The Pitch" up to the Sunday night after Mad Men is smart, but the show hurts my eyes and ears to watch.
Changed from 80% reactive to 50/50 reactive and proactive on twitter for -
Took my piercings out for good !
Thought I saw people w/ Creole labels on their lunch boxes. Was pumped. Got closer to ask. Actually says Create as in your own salad. Damn
Thanks for the s/o and the follow!!!
UNCC employees did not...yet.
#2omf are the cutest and unique couple ever! xD
Sick :( but I'm looking up colleges in California...definitely applying to some hahah.
Love the M&M commercial...I'm sexy and I know it
haha thank you! Well have fun eating your cookies.
Yeah, let's get this day done
I am in love with your dog <3
Colwell: open access journals like PLOS raise speed of schol. comm, interactions w/ authors, but must have good quality measures
You can't compare to diamonds because you are so much stronger, brighter, and beautiful.
how have you been???
RT : 700 miles to go!! Come on girls!!
back right corner. Where you be?
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed .. Friends with weed ..
Looks like I'm not gonna end up getting that hug that I've been longing for ... *sigh*
RT : We're proud participants > Documentary about families shows human face of America’s economic crisis...
youz opened your giftz already? Mom won't let uz yet.
We're at odds until we're even
When I was young our phones didn't have internet, they had snake.
OMG his lost his stick twice... it isn't like its happened his whole career.... ps I just had an fn heart attack
the loud thunder from a storm passes and it feels like you woke up emotional ally!!!!
i am amy, thanks. we really miss the fuck out of u on there.. in the groups. please come back lol <3
The Ultimate Zombie Survival Kit for Social Media DoGooders now in Room 515B speaking
The biggest problem in life isnt the problem itself, but how people act upon it.
then u have no life
Good Morning
I need to have 20 customers to commit. I will notify you when your order to be ready for delivery.
its all about them dbacks boo :)
Happy new year =)
; in the book he says k-k-k;)
rehashed incorrect info and then 20 tweets or retweets about the Lakers. Unfollowed him quick.
I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT!!!! i will be Reposting ALL parts of my story TOMORROW!! then i will be posting PART 7! for the first time :)
shoutout to my new and old followers!!
Yeah, good call on Kotsay
Glad your following! Keep on singing!
Not really
A reporter who shall remain nameless revealed that he/she had no idea who Gloria Steinem is. Either I'm old or we are in trouble.
: Thinking about it . . .
People who send me things to add to wikis, there is an irony in that.
what??????? why cant i get a follow that easy :( i love you Austin!
There are signs that the market manipulators are getting some traction, as they have pulled the Dow up from its lows, halfway to zero.
RT " When I'm recalled, I'm gonna finally get my college degree and make some real money in the private sector."
I am a guest on Fox's Good Day Orlando show today! Very excited, it should be fun!
I've never watched The Voice, but I'm 55% sure Tony Lucca was on the Mickey Mouse Club.
And when I thought that you couldn't disappoint me again..you always find a way..
that's all that matters though.
Chanti learn how to walk today!
Why yes the marijuana protesters in Riverwest were smoking weed out in public
": naw I would tell ppl to forget about love"ok Tina Turner-what's love got 2 do with it- love is a 2nd hand emotion!
y u no follow me
still feel the need to puke after eating at souley vegan, last night.
Lol, I usually tweet non-detailed things. I don't like spoiling others!
#30thingsaboutme 2. I love Austin Carter Mahone with all of my heart<3
I've seen a two year old as adept at pencil-work as many teachers are today...scary
Football then headin out to Antioch! Merry Christmas Eve yo
they were flare jeans. He looks really cool (for the 70s).
Who went home last night on ABDC...?
2 days in a row in Venice... I ran into guys that have killed me.. Tobey McGuire yesterday and Chris Pine today...
27 players so far in today's noon $140 buy in Bounty Tournament. Still plenty of time time join, late registration is open until 1:40 pm.
#NAFSA10 Day 2 Started out easy-and then got busy. Ed Abroad Reception-saw a ton of peeps, but where are all the SUNY folks?!
Blackstreet will be preforming in Denver CO tonight @ Temple Buell Theater come & show ur support u will definitely have a great time!
million $ idea: LMS emulators so we can access old courses + data in dead LMS. Any "ANGEL" investors out there? LOL
not happening... RT “: just a little reminder that I wasn't kidding about that picture. You know my email address.”
i love it when you tweet in german ;-)
Fuck a bitch a #WinWinSituation. No commitments. No talk.
Not in Seattle, but if if involved PacNW microbrews and books, I'd be totally down.
is thrilled to be presenting "Millennials Mean Business" tonight at ! cc:
Bored in spanish
Alera Reception Lounge Series Club Chair for $281.97 | Best Buy ...
Life is good!
. begins on Monday! Have you signed up to attend all the fantastic, no-cost sessions you can handle?
You're so kind, thank you Dave! Standing is fun because it's easier to talk with my hands (like I do in real life :)
was there an injury to an OSU corner today? I heard someone tore an ACL.
It won't be easy. We'll have to fight to make #wa4m pass. Biggest factor will be the gov race. McKenna will still be way popular.
SHE'S ALWAYS A WOMAN TO ME By Billy Joel... Now That's a F*cking Song!
Cristen, can you go on facebook? I want to talk to you for advice really fast if you can! :)
try Drinking a cup full of water
David C. Guaderrama confirmed as District Court Judge in Western D of El paso, Tx, 4/26/12
absolutely, just saying payroll next year will potentially be significantly different. Is Atta looking to reduce in '13?
I just asked my 7th grader to tell me how a cd and cassette are similar..she looks at me and goes what is a cassette? Omg I feel so old!!
people be loco on that coco man
Yes! And for parties, the Gallery! :)
...clearly my concern.
Badgers need to get to the line. Hard to overstated magnitude of Berg foul. Terrible call
indiana dryvit contractors in indiana, dryvit repair indiana, eifs contractors indiana eifs repair, indiana dryvit, indiana eifs, indiana
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to the Break! Hopefully we'll be seeing you in the next round! Let's hope!
yucko! just tried #Tostitos SouthWestern Artisan chips. way too much seasoning. Its like they were blasted w/ 50 packs of ramen seasoning.
Good Job on Glee last night!!! You are very good at singing in spanish, and i hope things work out for Sam and Mercedes.
yup I think we saw the same one I like my phone bulky just becuz I'm so rough w/it! ButTheySayThatThePhoneCantBreak
My family would have a heated argument right now. >.<
Tomorrow thru Saturday, $2.99 medium, cheese pizzas from when you order on BrewCityBites.com!
Fuck these bugs
Having more tweets than followers EVERYBODY LIKE THAT >>>>>>>>
your coworkers > you.
Yeah man.
And the Mastadon song kept running through my head: "Do not explain the plot/if you don't understand, you should not be here."
Just got really serious arguing the meaning of "ghost riding the whip".
On March 23, 1971, the 26th Amendment to the US Constitution gave 18-20 year olds the right to vote.
CHLOE WHY ARE YOU AN EGG!
U call it luv:p plz its just somethin i needed for fun
wat up g! I'd like to link up like tuesday or weds if you free, im free both them days
Notifyall is based out of Albuquerque but we can provide services nationwide. Please share our page with your friends. Thanks for LIKING us.
The mountains are fcken cold!!!!
I wonder how silly we would (or do) look to an alien race observing us.
we are going to take 25% off all Christmas Items for your pet, Happy " Noel " to you all...
Bike cops just showed up across from rally
- thanks for joining me!
also, +6 bonus..that's what I'm looking forward to!!
Skynews say Fabrice Muamba is stable. Eish! Do I still have energy to go to Kalahari?
Telegraph = 18th c version of twitter. Compressing space and time, shifting public/private
Why the AC on???
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
oh fun!
miss you too!
Enjoyed basking in the sunshine and umm almost fresh air in #DC . Not to crazy abt getting indoors to office with NO windows now.
sounds good. When are you guys going to post on the blog?
Honey cocaine
127 Hours just started. #ohhellyes.. i'll be MIA for the next 2 hours or so staring at James Franco's face.
Maybe some tutoring so you don't fall behind. Tell pops
Looking at Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks with Melina in ms koumjians class :((((((
Rsrvs for on Friday night. It's been too long since I've had a drink by Adam Seger. Woo!
The more I walk and bike around Baltimore, the more I believe that no urban street should be more than 4 lanes or encourage 30 mph+ traffic.
This has been the longest day ever.
RT : Trust is earned & not 4 sale. giv ppl a reason 2 trust U in life & U will maintain quality relationships forever...
At #cgi2010 at panel with Yunus and Akula on microfinance IPOs. This'll be interesting. Host: "Don't be polite."
In Tampa at the International Mall - the Apple store is the only one with activity and it is packed!
thanks, but feel bad for NC
yes she is and I can't give my child a way maybe if I was octomom or something
The Thunder are best equipped to beat the South Beach Scum. The Lakers don't stand a chance against the Thunder
If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to . Paid gig, shoots summer. cc: RT
See? I told you I wasn't just an egg.
Yeah, I mean a homogenized market is bad for everyone. Especially the creative people BEHIND the games.
why are you so fat?
LOL WHAT ARE YOU SAYING
Today is Pi day! 3.14 - if you have geeks in your family or among friends, this is the night to buy them a beer! :)
#FF Greetings from Florida. Appreciate the follow; following back.
Still got that = sticker on the back of your car?
They say one night stands supposed to be special lol I agree!
Daniels is much more talented than the Repubs who are running. But that theme...the state of our union is GRAVE? Hearkens back to Malaise.
haha I just like how he says it... He hates girls!
we have had memories longer then the road streches ahead
People don't go on FB & say "I'm struggling with my mortgage". They're hanging out in anonymous places, asking questions
No, I am. I'll send it your way this afternoon!
Very useful info! Thank you!
Ashley, I sure thank you for the RETWEET!
Damn its already Thursday. Another week almost over. Who is ready for the weekend?
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
": They laugh because I'm different, but I laugh because they are ALL the same."
Having red meat for dinner. Have not had red meat in a long time, I need to remember moderation.
THROWBACK #NP J holiday- bed! <3
unless we observed flustered browser-closing, I don't think there'd be any way to tell if they checked or not.
GOODNIGHT! Sold out tix in a minute upon release
#Lyra12 Xerox CiPress 500 production ink system - dmh Marketing tells their story - CiPress in a production environment.
Its Sunday at Screaming Tuna. Need we say more? Yes we do? Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4 & $5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers & tails!
Not shovin it but takin it home for wiping their ass
hahahaha no i went to hard on that, cant breathe
we need to act like responsible people and make progress on narrowing disparities in America for all
Bailee, Hanna I love you guys so MEGA. OWE you BIG TIME (jamaican accent) Thank you thank you :)
Demo tips for Larry 1-less talk more demo 2-make problem solved clear 3-keep it short: bad if people clap when you say "almost done"
Vegan sloppy joes for dinner yummy!
oh yeah I am extremely fat now!
or I can pick up a family order of ...
No more camouflage. I want to be exposed.
Free Anniversary Registry. Your friends & family go on line and purchase the gifts you want to receive. Click "EXTRAS" www.FreeXpedia.com
When boys talk dirty to you >>>
The worst about stupid mistakes is that once they have been made they remain in your mind and it causes you to be angry with yourself
He can count to infinity...twice. No, he's not Chuck Norris, he's Jeremy Lin.
Don't focus just on making money. If you do, you'll be asking too little of yourself. Focus on being useful in this world.
u were looking at me somehow pocket tweeting a picture from my phones camera
.Volunteering at the hospital. Gotta Dash! Have a fab day everybody TWEETDOM BLESSINGS!
Ugh , Tired & Right Hand Feels Broke Along With My Wrist <U+2639>
my sister hacked my stuff sorry bae ily
:D what are you doing?!
When/If Cook gets out of the slammer, he should be banned from the NFL. It won't happen, but it should. He's not that good anyways
While talking about shoes my dad says, "I had to go to 5 different Dick's to get my size.."
And I guess my new job is cleaning up after everyone else.
I love the live tweeting from this road trip. Keep it up!
Time for bed .. Actually have to go to school tomorrow .. Guess I'm deciding to be an adult over a child <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0096><U+274C>
Driving the country roads taking me home to West Virginia...which might actually be home if my old Kentucky home gets blown away...
Volunteer in Thailand at an elephant reserve w/ Mention TL when applying & get 10% off tuition. More awesome programs here...
#TruthIs you'll never be on my level.
Thanks a lot for your help!
Guitar tracking, day 2!
- "Tune your Brain with Mozart" a cool CD series by Elizabeth Miles. Otherwise been doin' Beach Boys lately....
I can feel you forgetting me... ~Charlie St. Cloud
Just got the sudden urge to bust out and do the cant touch this dance :)
YES. i knew it was something about Vegas lol/
I like how this is, Slow nothing rushed.
Awesome! TY RT “: So many lovely things at #QBM11. We're definitely applying for the next market! Thanks !
18 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Sully would still hit that, lol.
Ugh why was Patton pitching to 3 straight righties anyway?
Who wants the 2nd episode of Matt Moore Podcast this weekend?!
Jeff, congrats on your winning piece in the Cincy Library contest!
yes it was -.- dood I got sun burnt haha
ya it is crazy!!! I will send you a sneak peak.
Best pee ever
"Youth To The Core" will be ready for your kids/athletes at your location anywhere in the country starting January 1, 2011!!! Ask us how!
Jeydon Wale follow me c; I love you <3
What about the democrats regarding Bill Maher -- does that bother you as well? I'm bothered by it?
Colorado AG questions constitutionality of panel to aid Lower North Fork wildfire victims
OH thank you so much!!!!!!
That made my day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
PERFECT day for #HairFlowers :-)
Damn Zombie Sonics
Saw "The Artist" tonite. Loved it. What's your Best Picture pick?
This example is 10 rules and only had 10 slides and were consistent look. 60 minute webinar spoke 10 minutes per webinar
": Right now would be the perfect time to bring in Arshavin for Oxlade-Chamberlain."<--- ha, so true
" But they worked for their money, thats not legitimate - I mean....wait..." 's got it.
ALZM .0155 up looking strong for the AM...
Please take a minute to "like" ICE LLC on facebook: www.facebook.com/engagingart
The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart
mmmmhmmmm. I want to save my boobies.
Students should not just be knowledgeable. They need to be knowledge-able. Teachers need to inspire wonder.
Yes...it's like a drug to this newsjunkie lol Whos this - I dont recognize SyriaS_Son name? :>
sometimes candles and zen music ie waterfalls, fountains, or rain sounds help a lot. :)
Must fight temptation to include 'hater do horse-themed movies' to my twitter bio
He is one of my boyfriends friends...??
Holy God the creepiest old man ever just started hitting on me. I hate my job sometimes.
It's all a negotiation. Just as it was in Minnesota.
Come on Dana
RT : Bill Gates describes Khan’s videos as “unbelievable 15-minute tutorials” and says his own kids use them.
Off to la crosse!
They don't understand what you mean to me .. If I loss friends because of you they went my friend in the first place
Apparently we were supposed to have a sketch book for art...woops, looks like im failing Art I
God hates farts.
“ RT : #Leo Turn-OFF'S: Leos cannot tolerate those who constantly or repeatedly attempt to upstage them.”
Please tweet for more info on the tickets or email me at if you want to buy the tickets.
Hating the same things is key to an amazing boss/employee relationship. I'm lucky.
omg, what is wrong with you?!?! feel better
I'm about to just relax and call it a night and get up for and chill with for mothers day!
Find #donors, not #donations. Share your vision & impact & $$$ will follow.
Yo had anyone seen ? Or did he put his life on private too???
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "I'll take seven mc's, put'em n a line. Add 7 mo brothas who think they can rhyme. It'll take 7 more b4 I go
Crying in the movie theater
having friends over for a sleep over so we can talk about our trip to paris so fun :)
Why can't we just be together already?!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Ofek Belkin °Rising 10th °San Antonio, TX °Travel Team: El Paso Heat °Shooting Guard 5’11
Whats your job....coffin stuffer..yours?
We Marylanders love Milan Brown. He did a nice job at Mt. St Mary's. Took them to the tourney. He'll do well there.
I vote for a Fusco and Carter spinoff from this show.
Yes!! Love it :) RE: thank you for following me! #SMPP is already bringing great, creative people together!
Thanks mister!
we just left Brothers
chola your fat
woke up early and choreographed combo full out at 8 am. casual.
that would only have been ok if you weren't seriously injured & only ok because then she'd be in trouble
Just saw Space Shuttle Discovery fly over Greenbelt, MD
Have you ever wished a hot bubble bath with candles and calgon could take your memories away..
without i dont know if i could still watch the showhe like makes the picture perfect
Low quality, overpriced sushi and fake me out "korean bbq" makes me angry.
happy birthday Laura!
Care for some tapas, cocktails and picadas? Search no more! Happy hour is about to start! Enjoy them all for $5 from 5pm to 8pm!
stop being someone who you arent for Fsakes god
thanks for the note. Sorry I missed it, hope it went well.
settle down, internetz: BON JOVI IS ALIVE! HE'S ALIVE!!!
well the only game they legitimately lost was against Syracuse and they were leading for most of it. #bearcats>hoyas
......And that someone wasn't me, which made me glad that others are tuned into this issue.
have a great race !
Yu thinking what I'm thinking?
it's about time I get out if this bed
Nope. Allow presentism to save and allow the present to be your haven. Then live. To all of my follower but more importantly those I follow
I wonder if you would be my best friend. I would love that. You're amazing. Your the reason why I started acting and I love it.
you think that you know me, know me
Nike town :))
Shit is far from over...
Hey beauty queen have a great weekend xoxo
Every time I write about Wikipedia, people tell me I'm a fool for not understanding what a cesspool of idiocy it is. Thanks for the help!
Having my Ketel then off to for #fflv! Buy art from local artists-it will make you happy!
RT : Want to help w/NOCC awareness events? Volunteer training & refresher on #ovariancancer facts on 8/15. Contact us for info.
Breakfast was bomb>
I like about music and about sound art that the terms can mean different things in different contexts
I saw your excessive project on reddit, sweet
K. Frey is up for my only wager at Parx today #vitedecreto R4
Just as J. Hilton discusses fragility about e-content - presenation goes dark.
Who would have known that a few packs of #stickynotes would unite a whole town? If only we could band together w/such force to end
Yes! that would be great. Are you in town Mon-Tues? It looks like that may work for
22 more days till #SUMMER <3
i hope you feel better
Man, if you think I'm not getting paid, you're higher than a damn kite. I'll probably get more than your entire team.
gah monday . blah
Did anyone do the 2nd essay in religion
thanks so much! Very excited, nervous too. Hope all is well for you!
Now you're talkin' hey you should join our sex cult if you think disco worms are scary!
Congrats!! That's awesome. :) Friday the 13th is lucky for me too (mostly growing up, but I've always liked it, anyway).
its hard to explain , im so into you .
"There is no limit to the power of loving." ~ John Morton
hope your day fucking sucks :p
A good idea!
thanks for the #FF :)
Did the #P90X legs and back workout. Did #AbRipperX as well. Think I will do the core synergistics workout tomorrow.
And our adventure to getting pop starts now
Making music at with & 9:30-midnight. Don't miss it!
very content!
will be here in a few mins to work with our #homeless community members about legal problems they face. Thx guys!
Apparently there's gonna be one all week? ?
:) After the broken toe, nothing weirds me out anymore. That thing was freaky!
See how the Husker women pulled off the upset at Purdue tonight at 10 #Huskers, #KETV,
You pull those out of your fishtank?
Good morning tweeps- the City of Milw just declared a snow emergency so you'd better move those cars! :)
#Wooster: Don't miss Russ Castronovo's lecture, "Ben Franklin, Propaganda, and Wikileaks" tomorrow, Thur. the 3rd, 7:30 pm, Severance 09
I would skip starts occasionally and use Lannan so he's available down the stretch personally
Curb Your Enthusiasm finale was kinda meh. Julia Louis-Dreyfus seemed annoyed abt her unfort. subplot. Drink glass table rings. Hm.
Retty told me when you got Titi.
#Celtics played... #sixers didn't show up in Philly
#SWMadison is an intense 54 hour weekend event. What did you give up to participate? #Sacrifice4Success cc
Glad to hear you enjoyed "I Surrender!"
The earthquake will not stop me from shopping! Heading to CC Macy's with a mission:)
I turned on my car..& without changing the station or anything #callmemaybe comes on immediately! Something would appreciate!
I am now with
bro you have swag for days... enough said.
good day please?!
Jessica Hardy's third home run of the day scores 3 and makes it 26-0! We are CC!
so happy it worked out!
If you dont like my tattoo, F**K YOU!!!
Hm. Cage vs Copland?
Trying to decide where to set up camp for supermoon pix later tonight. Does anyone else have a good spot? Or ideas?
hey pll you have to follow shes the best
www.theouterspacemen.com You have to read this graphic novel. What a fantastic journey.
Thanks for adding me to your daily, Cheryl. Hope your day is a good one. :)
I try D: lmfaooo. Then I start thinking about funny shit that's happened and I start laughing. :c
Regreting that cereal.i already ate so much today.why cant I just not eat why is it so fucking hard.
Hey old man, #Burma don't exist no more. Perhaps a better hashtag would be
Happy Monday!!!!
Because I hate it here and it's amazing there xD
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
It sure is nice looking at a full patio!!!
no. Sadly, The case is still unsolved. Her mom has since died, her dad remarried, her brother finished college and her dad
I pull up and let go like my first initial.
holy shit not this again lmfaoo i still need to name him :O
I'm the worst dog parent ever. Prior to reading your tweet I gave my dog a taste of guacamole- Avocado, onion and tomato woopsie
Foreclosed Americans find way back to homeownership
“: boarding soon??” yes
I have awoken early and decided to spend the bulk of today contemplating why a raven is indeed like a writing-desk. - Trog
yeah no kidding....
Investors Increase Bets for $250 Oil on Saudi Disruption Fears
got a opening day bucco ticket with your name on it
Fucking locker juice
Hi JM-G All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Many thanks to my friend Manpreet Ahuja Visual Solutions for some help with adjusting some skintones!
#Brangelina - oh - but wait - does everyone have the right to marry now???!!!!
The new song is coming out great! Can't wait to release it for everyone :) let's get us some more likes and follows!!!
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions. - Alfred Adler
No fail pork taco recipe: rub a bone in pork butt with salt,pepper and garlic. Roast at 250 for 8 hours uncovered. Serve w/salsa and onion.
shout to cop top family !!
RT who waNts a text ?(:
How can 1 stadium here stink to High Heaven & just a few blocks away they make the Playoffs a regular event?? Answer: ownership!
ROYCE ON BASKETBALL WIVES IS A DUCK. SHE HAD DWIGHT HOWARD BABY, & HE PUT A RESTRAINING ORDER ON HER
I really fucking hate like guys.
When teams meet with players for 6-8 hours, what can you possibly say? I can't imagine talking to Jeff Ireland for 20 minutes.
“: Ladies::Your TRUE friends will be like a good bra,, close to ur heart & there for support #friendship”
Need help with your tailgate party downtown? We can help....And we'll deliver!! (it'll cost you a beer!)
high school basketball's Evan Bingham (6-foot-6 senior) has decided to attend and play at Hanover College next year.
Pollen count is rising! Currently it's 5.60 in San Antonio, Texas (United States)
Trying out Windows 8 Beta. I don't know what to think yet.
Meade County Animal Control officers are a couple of assholes!
FedEx delivered my iPhone 4 preorder yesterday! Been rockin' it for about 24 hours now and love it!
Lmao he fat as hell
lol hes not bad in this one
I'll be uploading another original in the next few weeks :)
So true. No other options, not with the City. Problem is with the weighted vote, similar to the hotel tax.
What is wrong with my twitter and what is going on with ?? I knew I shouldnt go swimming
"I have more of my 20's gone than I have left"
I forget... does Suppan have to throw 6 shutout innings vs. #Brewers or 7 before Milwaukee falls into the lake?
And yea we didn't understand, but we never got kidnapped or hit by a car either.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
Watching Star Trek, The Wrath of Khan :)
Start where you are!
Not use to being at work this early
Maybe a long night because I napped for a good few hours. What to do. What to do.
lol that sucks.. Yaya and tevez gonna take over
“: A part of me wants to be with you, and another part of me says I'm over you. I'm just torn in between the two.”
if the girl nxt to me got a fat ass i might give her my number!!
wat up asia
"every time I turn the corner I get a little bit smarter." -Nic about the driversselect employee library
City Council has been more fiscally conservative than Mayor Bing. I urge him to partner with us to repair #Detroit's finances.
I think I am the only person in the world that doesn't like Jersey Shore
I think we should look into getting some #carefree bumper stickers.
The things we regret the most are things weve never done
Buffalo Bills won? Really? Holy crap miracles do happen!!
Preach it! Preach it, my brotha!
We'll have a Kinect party!
#NFAIS First up Brian O'Leary. mobile context, global trends, options for content, implications for content providers and managers.
apparently a lot better than me!
cuddled up in bed on this cold and rainy night and starting the shades of grey series. ohh man, this should be interesting.
loved the FOT on FB. Couldn't agree more.
Doesn't surprise me!
3rd day in a row. All I'm listening to is #MichaelJackson I'm getting ready to do something big.
ok dat was a total fail lmao..maybe next time and least we got free drinks!
yea i thank so
Us too! Batten down the hatches and then, down the hatch! RT : major freaked. and now drinking....
Ur, that doesn't sound like cheese lol. “: Hey Chef what... is ur fav cheese to smoke ?” Maui gold!”
Just realized I could legitimately tell people I've only hit one less homer than Albert Pujols so far this year.
Home •••sleepy... race to grace setup in that morn' °_°
Another thing I loved about the book: All the Wisconsin ballers that make cameos: Alex Compton and Quemont Greer.
dance party at mine, but its true. Oh, no!
Yeah friday
Thanks for the follow. I'm really looking forward to reading Pursued, just my kind of book.
no we dont. hockey is played on ice, not snow RT : How can MN be the "State of Hockey", and have no snow?
p.s I dont have herpes just the flu...wich is as painful I bet
I bought some cute little splits of a good red just for this occasion.
we have broken up.
Watching Law and Order old-school. dun dun
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-46
Great to see you at First Kick, ! love love love the hair. And #crew96. :)
I wish would get up & make me a grilled cheese PLEASE.
Anyone know why they still call them "Record" Labels when it's all about CD's and mp3's now? Just askin'.
hah! For all the times I've been to Chicago, I still haven't seen the house..
it's my birthday <U+E404>
What's you pre-super bowl work going to be?
um ok some one is fried lol
and i know a majority of guys in muscle mags are on roids, its obv how one's muscles look on steroids, its ugly. #natural >>
Haha yes. Definitely. Every girl needs to be prepared!
RT If I was smarter I'd make my social network passwords impossible to type when drunk.
The Live song, or what's actually happening in Melbourne ATM?
Pretty much sums us up. "Open fight night makes Tna look so "Bush League"so an indy wrestler who nobody knows”
Hey I love you :)
If you don't like the Memphis Grizzlies you suck at liking sports.
Thanks for RTing this out to your network. We hope #WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
Come in for late night dining. Pizza available on Friday and Saturday until 1:00am.
He that would be a leader must also be a bridge
“: #ListOfTurnOns bums” there's plenty downtown?
The Beach Boys. The SMiLE Sessions. O joyous day!
I can't watch anymore Montreal games, so I'm watching vampire diaries.
hahahaha I hate it when that happens! Lol
forget the music scene, stick around till Saturday and check out a game!
Pierced Zebra is so pleased to welcome Hilary to the team. Woot woot for the sassy gaggle forming at PZ headquarters!
what color did you get?
do you like godsmack?
Facing foreclosure and cant sell fast enough? Call me to handle the bank for you. I can help you like I have helped others.
I got court on Friday if all goes well then I will get them document to u by the weekend
ok thank u!
hoping for more discussion
Not here. Not now. Liz isn't here to save me.
not an intern. a veteran.
in a Beatles kind of mood
Personally, when it comes to David ~ GOP ~ Gregory, I Delete the Press.
Bears still have plenty of cap room to spend and once free agency ends, Forte will get a long-term contract. Colts need ALOH
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q4: What # should the pin stack (all the pins within a chamber) add up to when using the A2 pinning specification?
ATL ... another tough loss for Pacers.
it's probably deeper than yours! Id agree its pretty hott! Haha
Lol I Don't Do Drugs Im Not Interested In Whatt Youu Have To Say !!
Can't wait to get the hell off.....
5 months <3 I never in my life thought I would ever be so happy...he is my best friend but I miss the people who were there before him... :/
Movie recommendation is the Austrailian Outback horror "Wolf Creek"
where my 20 racks at?
ur welcome! Xo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
CHECK DMS! Got your pack today!
Nice work, man!
lol are you watchin deliver us from Eva? lol
thank you Lauren! Yours were yummy too!!! They didn't last long :-)
Off to get my hair done for the runway show tomorrow!!
Just recorded an interview with We talked musical history, & about her new album, Children of a Factory Nation coming in Sept.
Workout complete... Now let the weekend begin!
I'm sorry. I really don't. I think he's good.position? No clue. I hear, from my son, that he's on the Jets now.
Me too... it is one of my favs. - I come and see whats going on every now and then. Might now tweet, but I am here ;)
Let this day be a blessed day
TONIGHT 6:00 pm-- Higgins 310 Feministing Panel! Two editors of Feministing.com, will speak on feminism. IT'S GOING TO BE A FABULOUS EVENT!
Troubles and problems are only a reflection of your strength, you are only as big as the obstacles you overcome.
Thanks for the tweet! Great working with you all! See you for a bike soon!
Yo can you DM me your email, I want to hit you up about something
Hey how is it goin my twitter sister.
WAS IT FOR AWH
Someone stole guitars from Tom Petty and took them, 'into the great wide open'.
Nervous habits will be the death of me. Either I die of embarrassment or of a finger bleed. Well you have to die of something
needs to be held accountable for his reckless tweets destroying an old couple's life.
#YouKnowYoureInLove when you leave your boyfriend's house and miss him as soon as you step out the door.
But that's the thing, its ur opinion & ur entitled to it BUT that doesn't mean I'm wrong. Twitter is not my life, just an ext. of it
I really don't. That's the sad part, I'm turning cold as ice...
A Walk To Remember is by far my favorite romantic movie.
We are trying to, it would help if we were at the beach like you. :) But have a great day and we enjoy your amazing posts!
no he doesnt ur just saying that cuz u know i like christian <3
Way to go axman!
I agree completely but Bibby is the only true PG left. Douglas (is awful), Smith, and Shump (out) were all combo guards.
So, we are already into the new year and we want to know how many of you have a "Go to Anna Maria Island" category on your resolution list?
Don't know how people live in big cities
Last final today. Yeah. Then school's out. And everyone should text me about hanging out and shit.
Recently heard "The last valentine I got said thank you for not murdering me in my sleep"
- not available on mobile? So sad! I feel like I'm really missing out on this one!
maybe carpenter shouldn't start talking shit!!
The name Gabriella doesn't fit me. -.-'
The older and wiser girl becomes, the harder she marry her husband
I know are u coming tomorrow
Harden is even learning the Ginobili flops too
I'm going to be cutting hair at tomorrow!
A virtual ~wave~ to all at the Social Media Forum.
Just heard Driicky Graham for the first time. Im impressed, he went stupid ham. #snapbacks&tattoos
I like watching Phil and his minions looking for his ball. I need to start taking my minions to the course with me.
I WIL:L BE THERE IN JUNE CAINT WAIT TO MEET U
Don't ever overlook your most powerful resource...your customer. Give something away...everyday, it will come back to you 10 fold.
because he was with Chicano andd i was at your trackmeet soo id pick yall over something thats not going anywhere any dayy :D
nice . Very nice
Regarding Following... We need to wait for the county's Social Media Policy to be formally approved. Then we can follow you :-)
"The ship may get ruined, but youre going to land exactly where He wants you."Loving this Acts27 study w/
TV Redheads
Churchill would not eat his food, until I moved eight kibbles into a new bowl. Suddenly, and irresistibly, a tasty feast.
Always a good time Bill!
You got that $300 for some shoes but when she ask for that child support money you be lookin at her like 0____O
“I'm digging up my yard this weekend!!! ": 85% of the Earth still has GOLD underneath it.”
75-80 degrees is ideal for me like here in VA right now
kid next to me in class is legit playing a gameboy. didn't know they were still making those....
nah bro she's got this!
Looking forward to this evening's #wvgov Q&A at #WVU at 7:30pm, Business & Econ Bldg, room 230. Hope you can join us!
I'm fuckin amazing with tumblr
Hope you guys are having fun at Coachella!
You pretty much said that I don't matter... I'm sorry....
You meeting any of "The Boys" there?
Torrential hail storm on WKY PKY near Dawson Springs. Strong winds with circular motion. Trigg County students to storm shelter.
ALMOST dub but with actual crazy talent. Kinda bluesy/jazzy with drops behind it. Amazing
RT Lofpre & will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
I hope to meet you Monday night at the Helen Hayes Awards in Washington, DC! I missed getting my script into Jameson by 30 min.
we got some dope things in the works rite now, seriously.
RT : We have three episodes of 's "Stories from the Edge" podcast up on the Mulholland site today....
Beyond scared straight on A&E is real sh#t for you dum niggas out there actin foolish..get cha minds rite n start livin smart b4 its to late
You're welcome!
so many tweets. i'm dying.
okay you pick a time and I will let you know of its a good time for me
How're you enjoying the Big Apple there, young fella?
might go Saturday night...after a dinner with Megan's grandparents.
Beleive nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
I've learned not to makea lot of this stuff personal. A lot things in the game are politics. Not talent based. What can u do but go hard?
Watching his videos on Youtube. It makes me smile. :D <33 love you
I cannot take all the credit. Callin' Oates was brought to my attn by
.. Lol do some crunches
He is always in debt to the jar!
This better mean that Joan and Roger get back together...
I got my #1GirlTour tickets yesterday! Im so excited to see again! ;)
you can find anything on project free tv
Don't buy a gun. Guy shot himself on 's show, so don't buy guns. Also never buy me a lighter. Trust me, never.
he loves all :) not kidding
Spoke to new Florida lawyers at 5th Dca swearing in today: main message was it takes a village to succeed. Take good care of your village
Double Duty!! FB & Twitter at once!!
Avoid going to the mall! here is a great christmas gift for harley owner. www.darksideshields.com
I love the Murrays... RT : Morning run with the family!! So much to be thankful for.
yeah sometimes ^.^
please follow me:)
I hate north Penn. Tech school for life <3
1st day back in vegas. I definitely miss L.A already but i'm planning on returning very soon!
Just when you start to grow weary of narrative style, Mark Haddon throws a curveball at you
long time no see! How you been?
If I'm late for a lesson with Mildred because of these damn buses...
Lotsa hugs. Hope you get answers soon.
On the way to , perfect day for some
There is nothing in the world like a persuasive speech to fuddle the mental apparatus. M.Twain / Be careful who you listen to.
Heck yes! 9 minute party!!?(:
“: nails...sometimes in my way...?” yes! True story!
analingus never hurt no one, bro!
RT : Internship Tip: Before the internship starts make a list of your learning objectives. What do YOU want out of the opp?
RT Women age 15-44 are at greater risk of rape or domestic violence than cancer, traffic accidents or malaria
Love that "BYOBiz" :)
I'm afraid I'll be seeing her in my very bad dreams.
Sometimes you have to take a step back to move forward.
Slowly moving on from the huge loss today. But these past three days have been pretty epic.
#2day n its Friday ;))
I might just have to put a ring on you
No matter what is going on outside of you, it's what's going on inside of you that really counts
umm really? J. S.Bach-"All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself."
Just enjoyed my breakfast treat for free. Loves it! And even better, no line!
These injuries have to stop. Both teams.
lol yeah :) its been a rough year I can't wait to get out a little
lost 4 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7 pounds so far.
TOMLINSONS BUM, IT'S QUITE NICE.
And great members too:) RT the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
Can we please take a second to follow my true best friend, Hannah? We have so many unfinished projects its cray cray! FOLLOW
all is quiet on the #cockyandbitter front
up and running!
you been single tho !
My abdominal section is quite sore. It hurts to do just about anything.
The Sleeper Pick is less than 200 away from 11K twitter followers! spread the word soldiers! x
Q: When do you plan to take your kids to see santa? Enter our photo contest...
I <3 & they are having a tasting in my apt building!
I found it odd, unless there's something were not seeing....
Harper it's an arrogant asshole and it was coming to him
Nice time!! RT : NYRR Joe Kleinerman 10k was held in Central Park today. Anh finished with an unofficial PR time of 45:49
I'm there..
Lol yes we do! I love you too!
Me either! I remember when hubby first started watching & was finding something else to do, he asked to watch one & I got hooked :)
2nd day of being battered by a nasty cold, can hardly move but somehow am caring for 2 little ones, both of them teething. Lord help me!
Good Morning Colorado!
I freaking LOVE baseball season!!!!!!!!!
Well apparently they're the most efficient offense this season so they have to be doing something right.
RT : Life lessons from Rich Wakile, “You can’t go into business thinking ‘I’m gonna start cheating from day one’”...
sounds lovely! link please?
That nigga was coo up here... Then he moved back to his hometown
Thanks for confirming I'm not the only one who notices these things. Crazy we were watching CNN for this!
Why can't it be Friday?! ):
where the Dallas Girls at
are you guyz going to Canada? How about coming to Vegas too :D
Ever since spring break, I can't get into the rhythm of sleep early like I use to. Seriously, #Wth #Ridiculous #Fml #JustWhyyy >.<
I did notice that just before..RT : How can you not? Their promoted tweet is at the top of my page right now
Hi Twitter. You moved my cheese. Again.
Ma heart heart i cant deal wit it i dnt want it to b like dis i worked so hard for dis i put ma heart n soul n dis n i got to let go
“: I'm married to the streets, This is my recital right? So I got the phantom drop dressed up bridal white”
What u doing tomorroe
The problem with the #Cardinals is that with matheny as manager they are going to do better than expected
Just spent about 5 minutes with some geese in my neighborhood...they do NOT care for the very scary green laser!!!
If I'm with you, and I say that I love you, you're the only girl that it holds true for.
say juggie I need your numba big brotha I got sum business for ya
but mostly upper 60s all day.
I don't do well with strangers. I would seek out friends. ;)
Alright #Canada Bound w/ ... might have to strap him on the roof to make room for my CD's, #guitars, and dutyfree #beer lol
how many?
Your music puts me in a good mood. So thank you.
Can Going Without Money Hurt the Economy? One Man&#39;s Quest to Be Penniless
Happiest of anniversaries to you and your beautiful bride.
LEXG will continue to be pumped all week..Moving Up!
For the next 11 hours swing by Wahoo's Fish Taco and get the deal shown here: Deja Vu?! FREE Food @ Wahoo's!
Again, why do we think that Gallardo is our ace?
Nice Connection, yep..thanks. Enjoy a great day.
Well, maybe 1 or 2 for the project would count toward someone's personal total *if* they were directly relevant.
Last Sunday, at the end of church, Jeanne Smith had this message to deliver regarding an Advent Covenant- Prayer is a habit, not a gift.
I'm doing a LinkedIn webinar right now!
yes. let me know if you want to stay with me in richmond the night before/after
What made you choose #Schoology?
#ThoughtDuringSchool ”I'm not like most girls”
I think I might won tillys best male pic they haven't posted winner yet
nice yoga pants where you get those? #yaman?
You bros watching this night racin?
oh, we'll that's good :-)
Its been a long day.
I am guessing it is this comment :-). Is that a good thing?
high street
Ok so I finally started watching Big Bang Theory and just laughed at a comic book joke. Sold.
I know kim got some thing coming I can feel it already!!
Well, Bama is a whole 'nother level.
good. You?
You bet!
not being able to get ahold of your boyfriend is one of the worst feelings.
First Look at Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs in Jobs
15. #Brewers 9 #Rockies 4 | Braun picks a good time / to break out of a big slump / future MVP?
#inhighscho was obsessed with me
She filled my life with happiness, I want that feeling back...
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/people/Faelai
Oh, Tiger just made back-to-back birdies? WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO SEE THAT CBS!
how much does that cost? And any ETA on Cloud Browse for Droid? And any chance of flash being fixed?
Quality over convenience. Design before default. Get in touch with your richer sense of experience. What's your higher standard?
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." - Paul Tournier.
my crazy brother, always adding to his never-ending list of injuries. Today? 5 stitches in his finger from throwing broken glass.
Thank you all for making my time on set such a joy!
Western Washington's Snowmageddon 2011 a bit disappointing for all the pre-storm hubub. Still, got to work from home and wear my dinopants.
This "I Support My City - Vol 04" is shaping up to be a dope ass project!!!
Awesome! Have him hit me up - keaton at AudioADD dot net
you don't have to be a top 100 or a top 50 or a "top 25" of anything for your content to have value
so i love the show #glamfairy but sometimes it just seems so scripted/acted.
Welcome to East
Does anyone else hate the overly saturated screen of the new iPad?
“: happy birthday bighead njoy and have fun”Thank You!!!
If game of thrones were real, and I were around during that time, I would have been killed before the first episode
and I'm at work. Lol.
I wanna get an Aztec Warrior tattoo
Did everybody enjoy Warped Tour yesterday @ Carson, CA? We had fun. Just a little sun burnt. :( Hope you guys had fun. <3
I follow!
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary... it will chill out and relax you quick.
Are you at Sharing Historical Authority & wearing a green scarf?
Faithful girls are hard to find so I'm taking advantage of it while I have one!
ok long wait then lol
Yo girl yo girl she loves me. :) remix (lame moment)
My mother will never understand
Also a potential timely update to the classic GNR song "Night Train" I'M ON A CAIN TRAIN ! READY TO CRASH AND BURN, I NEVER LEARN
The Lord is my Shepherd; there is nothing I lack. - (Psalm 23:1)
Unpublished art critics! Apply for the £2,000 Frieze Writer's Prize 2012. Send 700 words to
“: Game day suit(check) hublot watch(check) beats by dre(check) reppn Miami's own Rick Ross on ipod(check). #Let's Go Heat”
So I'm officially the owner of 13th row tickets to the Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson concert for July 29th. Hell yeah.
Toss him my phone number while you're at it! Hope you're having a blast!
Haven't been on #twitter in a while! What is wrong with me!!!??? :/
Happy Hunger Games to me! Excited 2 see the movie 2night.
We kept playing the "what old show are they spoofing now" & "who is that gueststar" games. Good tweak of their 1st live show
Just one play away
Despite being cold and hard marble has been considered by many as the sign of luxury and beauty.
Mixing Post Sound for 3 episodes of "unLEASHED" today, sounds like dogs in Stereo!
"The Lord told me to tell you"RT : What churchy cliches get on your nerves? Lol
Joyce Twitterspam -- "hey there check out what critic Harold Bloom wrote about James Joyce's wife Nora ROLF LOL booio/6e"
follow back?
but contact then as make sure!! :)
AMAZING!!! Please do more!!:)
omg, I am sorry:(
You can put a smile on my face & you don't even realize it..
Natural disasters terrify the living shit out of me. Huge phobia.
how exciting! :D
Coyotes win. Two words mike smith
I love wifi on the train.
#sschat Hm, something to consider.
This day is going to be shitty !!
thank you! (:
Dj kashatl give a shot out to Bday girl Loren in VIP
Is it seriously #breakingnews that graduated from high school? Dear Lord.
Haha when I lick my ice cream cone my tounge ring leaves a perfect line through the icecream :)) tehe
I Hate You
In college I had a dream where I was shot with machine guns by 80s Cher and Madonna. I remember watching my body twitch.
If u go 2 my web page, I least like the Mutha Fuc'a!
almost lmfao. Im too pumped from the 'Always' promo
same here. Lol
Anyone have a hankering for the fried butter at the fair? Anyone tried it?
Blake Griffin, you are a beast.
"#BillClinton at #TomHarkin Steak Fry, dressed in jeans and blue workshirt" - record in American Archive!
awesome might have to snag me one now
Authentic Nike Tiempo Mystic IV Indoor Court SoccerFootball Shoes Review Authentic - soccer running shoes
well done, love!
Dreesen said he told Eric Pears he would one day be a Bronco.
OBAMA SCANDAL # ????? Conspiracy to KEEP JEREMIAH WRIGHT silent, OFFERING BRIBE !!!
I seriously can't wait to be away from some of the people at our high school.
Wine is bottled poetry. -Robert Louis Stevenson
did you win?!?
Hello Kelley and you will still be #MissWinning despite last night's game. :)
They're trying and the media is trying, but people everywhere are infiltrating the party and making sure he has enough delegates when the
Apparently big rule #2 in baking is- add eggs one at a time! cupcake class
Max just freaked out on Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk on the morning walk...he has a nose for politics
already followed :)
Catching up on today's news: Obama supports same sex marriage. In other news: water is wet and my breasts are fantastic.
Well that's the Euro's over with then, bring on the next manager and the world cup
Ricks Gets 25 Years For Starving Son And Denying Him Medical Attention content.postnewsgroup.com/?p=14877
no problem =)
Jacobson whistled for interference at 7:40 of the 1st. Ferris State headed on the PP.
on the toast, start off with a joke, nothing too revealing. Then go to something heart warming.
sometimes there's nothing to say, so silence is best answer.
he has less people to pass to than Lebron. Look at assists, I bet Lebron has more.
What is the toughest problem you face with your tools in your auto glass business?
So pumped I found my roommate!! 58 more days to go <U+2600> state!!
yeah they would
Hope everyone had a great July 4th weekend!!! Now back to making movies and living the dream!!!
I texted u, did u text back?
Take my pain and lock it in a box. I've got warrior in my blood; I was born to defend.
crazy people everywhere!!!!
Love what you're doing Enjoy & share 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30.
Never grow a wishbone ... where your backbone ought to be. ~ Clementine Paddleford
. Has Heritage acknowledged that the problem is rising health care costs in general? #Medicare itself is not the issue.
Poll: Emacs vs Vim vs TextMate - and GO! (Context: I'm debating switching to Vim or Emacs, but can't make up my mind).
So I'm watching Jerry O'Connell on Live with Kelly & he is totally doing the hand thing like on 'Up All Night' last episode...LMAO!!!
I want, and shall get, an bracelet!(;
#np Modest Mouse
#Barcelona is like the Miami Heat without all the hatred
To the person who ships me books now: your predecessor boxed them in PERFECT alphabetical order. Just saying.
i can't believe someone had the audacity to burglarize Junior #Seau's home after he passed away. What happened to respect? >:(
EL OH EL WUUUTT??
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolate-induced coma. someone revive me for my 2:00
From your mouth 2 God's ears :) 4 Pak 2 survive & prosper, v must root out all these corrupt politicians.
Yeah, he's pretty sweet. Do you two have any animals?
yea it sucks never try it
Keep dancing. Happy day.
ahahahahahahhahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Wait. Am I laughing or crying?
My kind of weather
I know that feeling!! Such a high during the concert, leaves you wanting more more more!!
I love you guys.
q bromar con el censor de mi
hm it seems like everything is perfectly fine, but yet something is still missingg..... :/
We're having a blast so far! Stop by 4047 N Milwaukee if you have a chance and say hi and/or participate!
Mixtapes and underground music is really what makes hip-hop when you think about it
Eatin me some chocalate frostin im so bored watin to go sum where
we think facebook! :)
got my bands on my braces my mouth is KILLING me!!!! :( please help
fbcd GETTING major VOLUME
when life hands you lemons make lemonade
REAL AMAZ'N On-Camera auditioning class w/Jamison Haase! The techniques & insights offer EXACT details needed to set U apart & BOOK ROLES!
I really wanna white g-shock.
Shes making backgrounds.. :)
I love going to Samuel French
The crisis of yesterday is the joke of tomorrow
... Really? Link please.
Wu-Tang is for the children
5 straight losses at home... maybe it's better we play a few on the road
14 per in. Dem at 46 over Rep at 43. GOP learns important lesson 2nite: Don't screw with Medicare.
There are more than we thought! #tnwic is sold out!
Thanks for the follow Greg and hope you're doing well. Hopefully we are the next big thing :) Take care.
Thanks for the follow Namaste!
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with 5 star food but 3 star service? or 5 star service and 3 star food? well....wht about hospitals
na it's all good :P
Echoed from P.J. Clarke's Sidecar via : Loving life with huffington post at pj clarke's
Steel Town Soul @ spin Bartini TONIGHT!! 9-midnight!! No cover.
“: awhh thanks sweetie! Luv ya! When are you heading back to Atl?”>>> left 2 hrs ago:(
I cant tell if your a boy or a girl by your pic... i hate it when that happens o.O
In Tennessee coaching #Agile teams and meeting some great people
Start by writing your own.
lmao it was the joke. never mind -_-
after what my friend just sent me.. i'm glad i don't own a vagina...
why do I have the feeling we are going to trade Iggy for Amare. Please tell me I am crazy!
I never use the same lessons from the last year. Each year I come up with better ideas.
TELL NONI I SAID HI ! dude fucking jaycut wouldnt work i was ready to stab myself BUT i did not ;)
Hard in da paint
Vegasinsideplayers.com has access to over 35 big limos in vegas. If ur in town and need a ride call or email us. Thank you for the support.
Its so windy.
The Proof is in the Positrons: Positive Electrons, Anti-particles. Go wikipedia that shit..or wait for me to blog about it. I probably will.
In CA we have a governor who understands reality, the plight/challenge of public educators.
I'm a strong supporter of local business, AND I am concerned that we will draw many more people to DC to take advantage of later bar hours.
toots. Tamara's here too
On set in Staten Island for tv show School Spirits - sorority girls & their ghost encounters. Freaky broke down house = no acting reqd.
I saw it its fuckin awesome
Follow and they support us lets support them people
standing along the rail beside gasoline alley, watching the cars getting pulled to their pits
Happy Birthday T$ <3
I've just learned that the station missed the deadline for submitting my series to the Emmys. Had I known, I would have done myself.
will do bro! My email crashed and was deleted the other day but I'll be making a new one soon and I'll get it to you.
can not be verified as the originator of posted content. User is under investigation for possible violations of copyright law.
RT : For more Waller Creek join us May 15 5pm for Meet Your Designers Night.
is that upon you or someone else?
Off to see a Weimaraner couch potato.
My book club just did the 1st book. We all thought it was good but not always well written. I think your work is much better!
that sucks. Sorry.
Just seen and spoke to the former and still Congressman Louis Stokes still a fixture in Cleveland ohio
In studio going in new music sounds great
- Get this - the cruise ship doc didn't know how to reduce it. They were thinking of flying me to Istanbul!
is this true?! RT : Fox 40 just reported the economic expert is advisor for city of Anaheim!!!!!
#SALUTE MYNIGGA!!! U changin the game wit this one here. FLAT OUT! Every track tho >>>
Cont. Words cannot describe how thankful we are to him.
gearing up for second day of
Right next to you.
Why do they almost never close the door in tv shows? Drives me crazy
Can love, really exist? Hm....
Eating sugar cookies that are hot & fresh out of the oven. Yum. The whole house suddenly smells like Christmas!
Hi Mark! Registering for the Social Media event, is the event at Cisco both days? I saw something about San Fran?
You just missed out! But thank you for responding!
I Love Liz Gillies Like Jade West Loves Scissors.
I was a part of the 2002 #Brewers when they went 56-106. I wanted to keep running from the stadium. What yr was that bad Mavs team?
This is one of warmest and prettiest Pittsburgh springs I can remember.
lol you sure are ;-)
Hopefully he peaks in 30 laps!!
Breakin Dawn on TV :D #IlovethisMovie!!!!!
Chandler Jones o NE per Schefter
zing......beautiful too!
haha! Bet it trumps that number
RT : "People will stare. Make it worth their while." -- Harry Winston. What about people will share, make THAT worth their time.
no? My thighs
Just got word will be on it's second press list, expanding our opportunities to see and review cinema for all.
follow Random shoutout cause she's came up in my connect thing and she's a cool chicky (Y)
SURRENDER NIGHT CLUB HAS LIL JON
let's train. Do it for
I wanna go to the movies today... My treat?
We like to follow those interested in food & drink in the Seattle area.
Nice! RT : I've had an awesome couple days spending time at the mha program ! Such a good program here.
Still Up.
Jaguars drafted a PUNTER high in the 3rd rd. Somewhere Butch Davis is smiling.
Just bought #Boyfriend on iTunes, The way he sings starting at the 2 minute mark makes my heart scream like a 14 yr old girl.
Attempting to clean your room is not easy with a three year old right behind you making the same mess you just cleaned up. Sigh.
I bet you already did!
Crazy busy at the circ desk!
There definitely needs to be more movies with Ed Norton.
Thanks for tweet and inspiration for the blog post
long but Ryan didn't put a lot of salt on but Liam put a shit load of salt on right hand and it itches really bad
Why do I have such bad luck with girls anymore
things dont change. they only occur
I just fav all music sent thru my mentions your music will be posted tomorrow too, but plz start sending music thru email thnx <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>!
Our company is without PM, and we need some serious help with Scoping. Any brilliant resource you can recommend?
Angela, It's a balmy 40 degrees here in New Hampshire. Twitter is the best for gathering info for educators. Good luck Grads
Me TO
Hate to be the one to say these might be suppressed memories.
eating there is a reminder of all the senses that you MIGHT have thought were asleep while dining. God Save the Monis (and co.)
a few times a month, gets REALLY grumpy and goes off on Hugo Chavez
and match are two fabulous virtual assitants I use. Let me know if you can't find them
Freddy in the building getting RiTE web presence on point
the coolest thing since sliced bread
Today this boy walked up to me and said, hey what's your name? I was like, I don't have a name. He walked away in total confusion lol.
Cubs won!!
I'm tired of being single :/
My co-workers can make absolutely anything explicit. Why don't you believe a lotus flower is really a flower? LOL
Welcome new followers! Mom got a new phone and I added everyone she knows. This is cool.
the "Trainspotter" badge is SO yesterday!
Stanley Cup Playoffs. Way more exciting, way more parity.
: My brother, I know just how you feel.
Ms. Rude Temp Job Interviewer, I would rather work at my old job at the bakery than for u. They give me Christmas off & are actually nice.
so intrigued by tonight's game. can't wait to c if lebron throws the chalk RT : National "go f*uck yourself lebron day
Where do the endless brainless booby heavy... promo beer wenches come from?.. They must be importing them
Yeah! Rat City Roller Girls sell out Key Arena!
lol ima get me a gas card or something tomorrow morning
yup. That's why I put at the end (no I didn't that in a mean way or in a mean tone)
INTRO: Earnhart cites a few bugs in the system: some formatting issues, excessive politeness.
Life is funny at times!!! That why im laughing at da bitch!!!....<3
Can't wait for my little NYC trip this weekend. Hoping to take a dance class on Friday. Any suggestions?
Interview in morning with the CBC news telling my life story. Thanks for all your support and love.
We hope everyone is having a great week! We're ending the work week Friday 12pm with & and DJ John Rizzo
Looks like my weekend is shaping up to be all soccer playing and outdoor drinking. I don't hate it.
no because oddii odaliz told me "your girlfriends a B too"
I'm drinking coffee and looking over the session proposals for #thatcamp #se. It's shaping up to be a great unconference so far!
dirty mind ;)
I thought today was sunday...
checkk your dm and sorry I replied so latee
It is what is life goes on :)
The show goes on!
When you have an emergency, you want the fastest operators in the US protecting your home. Monitronics offers protection you can rely on.
i disabled that theme because it was causing me problems. not enable it copy theme/styles/classic.css to default.css and tweak
It'll be nice if he can still throw hard come June/July re: Chen
Why is Danny granger so bad right now
The backstabbing has begun: One librarian said of her peer: I swear she has autism. if she gets the AD job I'm giving my notice that day.
then plan better and work smarter
Time for a few days off to catch up on email and perhaps a book on CD.
Where you at?
ME ME ME ME ME
Can't wait to see it!
This Apple store is PACKED. Anyone have any mace?
Important to invest in women: children live longer, children get more educated, GDP drastically increases, more stable and peaceful
if you ever get a date right?
Will any candidate on stage provide financial support to pro democratic movements in the Middle East?
I hate dreaming about you, I hate waking up thinking about.
y'all look high lmfao
LOL!!!! RT : I think the bigger story is that I didn't know a Facebook logout page existed.
White or if you don't think that counts then yellow?
:D Thanks, call me Mrs. Betty.
i was out all night with precious (: <3
that was you?! aww i didn't hear your name! thanks for calling in!
thank you!
Eating my first reduced meal. It was hard to not stop on my way home and get fast food. Major step
chatting to a hologram. Awesome
Nice work team! RT : Congrats to for winning a Bronze Quill for com management/benefits com programs
oh I took it as you being too cool to chill with me dan and Alyssa
Why my mom gotta interrupt step practice with this camera?
I know I don't really know you but your icon is gorgeous!
Bout' to head to work! / on that $$$ flow
Got a free year of SiriusXM with the new car and just discovered Backspin... Hmm I may have to finish up my PEX lab in the car.
Where there is no political will for intervention, there is no political appetite for intervention- Dr. Asli Bali
SPHERE: THE THELONIOUS MONK STORY is returning to the stage next March at Arena Players. Stay tuned for details.
"A gem cannot be polished without friction, more a man perfected without trials." :)
marathon tomorrow?
My kids are young adults...Mother's Day was a great reminder that all the hours, days, weeks, months, years - were COMPLETELY worth it!!
Happy Thursday PDX! Needing to celebrate the weekend a day early? Come on in for Happy Hour; it starts at 330pm!! See you there! Cheers -LR
Haha(: i have one how did the farmer know when the corn was ready to sprout? he asked them so, you feeling corny?? teachers -__-
yo you need to hook me up with one of your mix so i can bump it on one of my montage
Playing bass is a way of "life"......NOT a hobby!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Swimsuit is packed & ready to go. No, not on vacation. It's time for the indoor sprint tri in Whitewater! Let's do this! cc:
Thanks for the repeat call out!
Oh, I bet you're right -- encryption. Crud, probably not much that can be done about that. :-( Cc:
Progressives not my cup of tea. I want my crazy 1800s back.
Chase Utley's flavor saver is not on the DL.
Some of the best chats happen during the summer.
3 Fantasy Football teams....only one that's 2-0, my All White Team (all white players)
I think he meant "whore" not horn.
Why did Tyga pop up on the Kid Cudi radio. Eww gtf <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>
the early bird gets the worm, but its the second mouse that gets the cheese!
Have safe travel back to La La Land!
Yaoo Where At In NY ?
Learn From yesterday Live For today Hope For tommorow Because your NOT going to Live FOREVER <3
my kitteh is so damn cute when he sleeps on me e snuggles
Ability to access archives in their entirety drives modern science--Leetaru
Good luck with that one!
thank you!!
what the foosh?
I'm glad Kevin Garnett was called for his late-game illegal screen. Still pissed that he got away with it vs the Knicks in Game 1 last year.
for sure! Just let me know when.
i can tell you will.
Canada is calling my name!
awe man! I didn't realize #Gitomer was there. Would have loved that session.
Don't miss Atlanta Dog Spa owner and employees on the Cooper show today at 3 pm!
UI UX Designer - Tired of the city? Email us about an opening in Bend, OR.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holiday season!
#gohawks tks for winning in OT... my macho dad jumped in the air, shook the house, did a dance in front of the TV... thanks for the memory!
RT You've got #VAWine. Read what new owners Steve & Jean Case are planning for Sweely Estates fb.me/XdlDbc0a
cheap and leaves plenty of time for...jury duty
fucking hate north carolina
Thanks for the follow. Are you guys WITH #Klout or just experts on them??
Have you met my friend nick?
POLL: Who would like to see AMERICAN IDOL ON THE BIG SCREEN AT THE COW TONIGHT?
what is this news you speak of?!
#FF Some great Austin kidlit authors new to Twitter!
I’m not calling it The Secret Circle; I’m calling it “Pretty Young People With Magical Problems.”
oh my fault...
Things just keep getting better and I can't come down from this natural high!!
Its TEBOW TIME!!!!!!
you would make my day I don't really care if you only show up for 30 seconds like can you just come and say happy birthday
Latest FEC report shows Bachmann has raised nearly $5.2 million this election cycle. Proving once again there's a sucker born every minute.
All these HMD texts made me feel so special, y'all just don't know.
Clippers letting their emotions get the best of them right now.
I believe for offsides.
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
i think im sprouting...
Do a barrel roll...
I say this every week, but tonight's Game Of Thrones was the best of the season so far! I want to watch that again.
Thanks! We'll post some fireworks shots after the show.
will we be able to buy the uncensored podcast this weekend or are you just recording it this weekend?
Man U was clearly interested in going for the tie early on and played incredibly boring soccer. Once they fell behind, it was too late.
Another fantastic dinner tonight! Thank you And great seeing
happy birthday !:)
I'm sorta bored... maybe I'll go join the occupy party... I don't know why I'd join... but most of them don't know either!!!
and a good first name ;-)
Zip RT : I like run like you need to catch the bus. Ever see someone trying to catch a bus? Amazing
I'm enjoying it.
thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great weekend
Off 2 the clippers spurs game
district 5 lol too funny and dimitri is sitting on my lap I think he misses you
Who is hating on my baby Andre that doesn't love me? How is Austin doing? He ok?
Welcome back to fEASTival again !! We are excited to have you!
Yes, if you sit in your fridge and use a spray bottle to spray water in your face every minute or so while you eat.
Class sucks
*WORKING FIRE* BOX 31-15 600 Blk E 37th St 2 story brick middle of the group heavy fire showing from the rear OPS FG1
They did at the time too...
need a plug?
Oh heck yeah brownies! :D
So incredible.
Maybe you'll?
“: Line for line is there a funnier movie than The Big Lebowski?” No, dude,we had not considered that possibility.
you need a content filtering firewall or router to setup parental controls that work. Try dansguardian.
Have A Good Day ": “: Goodmorning Cutie ;*” Goodmorning:)"
Re: geology news stories, I heard a piece this morning on NPR on carbon sequestration in basalt beds.
I'm fresha than a mufucka, yeah I'm a mufucka!
I will be asleep by then! Wake Up! :-)
Sat sept 24 my big bday bash going down inside club 241 in the bx 4637 White plains rd The hottest win a $100 Victoria secret gift card
Thanks Coach.
how about a wreath hung on the footboard of the guest bed...!!
Who is more wrongly portrayed? #Trayvon or #Zimmerman? There's a rally for the latter. We discuss it NOW
Using an elliptical during pregnancy can ease pressure on joints and still get a great workout.
My power just went out, Lawd !
I doubt it I took forever to finish it and it's probably going to be at 50 to 60%
One of the worst matches I have ever seen. I've seen teams loose who played better. Dreadful.
Just got a show with The Maine! If you wanna ticket let us know!(:
we not
New book subtitle! "Defiance of the Patriots: The Eli Manning Story." (I just quadrupled my sales AND ensured no more Boston book talks.)
I don't recall Penn Masala. i will look into it The best music these days is from Rohail Hyatt in Pakistan. I played a couple of piece ...
heading to hotel?
Follow me !
that place is in my neighborhood. It's magical! And delicious!
Tap dance on a typewriter tuesday
playing the NCCU Slightly Blued recording however we're biased toward the UCF Jazz Ensemble!
was it? gotta go check that out!
i just need a break.
RT My Attitude Is Based On How You Treat Me...
#hth2012 teaching project management, learning by doing, lots of guided self direction, collaboration
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Girls who smile.
measure your exercise intensity. there are several methods: heart rate, rating of perceived exertion, talk test
I know I like it when it happens to me, so I'm just being considerate and helping out a buddy :-)
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture...
Youre BEAUTIFUL. yes you, you and oh you too(: <3
good answer on castro
Thanksgiving around the corner! Want to take a sec to say I am thankful for Life's Journey, incl the chance to meet each of You!
Yay! No school on Friday:D
don't disappoint cc
Happy Birthday, !!!!
When I eat Lucky Charms I have to eat the marshmallows first.
why did the chicken cross the road?
any chance you could drive by my new place at 119 w. Windsor and see if the garage door is closed? In gb for the night. Thanks!
chinese: bo ling's, mexican: manny's or ponak's, italian: garozzo's
Wouldn't look too deep into workout of Tannehill. Eagles take top player on board and need to do research. As Kolb proved, QBs great assets.
@ hello please help
It won't let me follow Gwen.......
Thanks for sharing the Warren video. It was done with much respect to the future senator. :)
That was the tweet of the century. I applaud you for that.
There wasn't a big demand for washed up right handers with an ability to run marathons.
Friday afternoon shout out >
If time is money...make sure its well spent
We are driven hardest toward the success of a venture when it is our own venture.
Take it any way we can!
Submitted my last paper & sitting in my last 596 class!...<disbelief> One week until #graduation2012! Has not completely sunk in.
Back in NYC- traffic !!!!!! r/ wanna go home
aww, thanks -- Or just seeing the look of sheer panic on my face as deadlines approach.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. ~Confucius
"get in the limo ... now suck my cock"
it happens because they start drinking Fiji at a young age lol
MLB Realignment idea?
so um.. Today's my birthday...(;
Politicians considering increasing FHA down payment to 5% from today's 3.5% and dis-allowing financed closing costs by lenders.
Interesting to see 's monetization plans released (sort of). No surprise, though. Who really "owns" ecomm, anyway?
I think I just did good on my exam, going to make some lunch, wine and sleep. Then some more homework and working out.
Note to Nigerian Scam Artists: I am not a desperate, lonely old woman in need of attention. Go away!
what a fantastic flight from ORD to DCA. crew was fantastic and the Madonna channel made my day :-)
Very cool video! The sockers are awesome! Thanks for sharing! Awesome local doc!
Mo Money Mo Rahmey, I like to call the late night hustle #badboyboyceinnn' /Cc
I agree. I know something is off but don't think that is necessarily it. Whole team seems less confident or maybe it's me
teching Intimate Apparel in #Detroit at #WayneState. We love the play! #detroitpride #theatre thank you for the words.
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood.
Career workshop in class: a professional threw out candidates who didn't follow her company on Twitter. Opinions?
For some reason Twitter thinks I live in Irvington -- how are people supposed to rob me if you put down the wrong location?
You're still apart of everything i do, you're on my heart just like a tattoo.
The Road Through Chernobyl
spring/summer 2013. about 2/3 through research, still folks to track down and interview - then the easy part (ha) writing
Looking forward to seeing you @ Argo Tea tomorrow morning!
Neither did I. But THAT is the American dream!
follow me please :-) <3 '
All artists in New York & New Jersey give TKO a call at 404-610-2511 to talk business
": Congrats 2 everyone who's apart of c/o2012"
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "How big are your boobs?" If I wanted you to know, you would know. Don't be all up on me and asking.
gm to u
my dad watched it and u were mentioned didn't say how much
Aww what a cute and fun pic! It's so much fun to having nieces and nephews. :)
We love to love you! tehe... so Adorable, Be safe sweetie <3 <3
Red robin
RT : It's Follow a Library Day! Tell your tweeps to follow us & your other fav libraries today! #followalibrary Try !
Researching ghosts for my novel. Boo!
#SOMEDAY! #NEXTTOYOU... so excited
Life is short b thankful for what u have &the people in your life. Tomorrow is never promised cherish each moment no matter how big or small
RT : thank YOU for being a leader in women's entrepreneurship. Keep up the great work! ;-)
Thanks to for being our Dance Group of the Week! Who's next?
going to get B for a Skype with app guy off 2'hrs sleep uurrgggghhhhh
i hate hoes
“: next white day after that is mine!” PARTAYYYY<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : Vote 4 my boy Rasheed Sulaimon for preseason HS basketball player of the year & team game to be televised.
Great sweep! And I hate the spotlight thing when UMD scores!
Totes Serendip' .... Love it.
I know!!
"I don't think I have ulterior motives."
April 25 is Administrative Professional’s Day. Need a gift idea? How about an A Cleaner World gift certificate.
I'm at #blogher11 with the Jimmy Dean team. It's awesome!
I've got to be honest with you, people who say they don't like the Beatles make me a little nervous.
Unfollow Us Then ! lol, J/P
maybe if u just hadnt fucked with him u wouldnt have to take care of a baby, have relationship problems, and be on 16 and pregnant.
time for a new path my last one just hit a dead end and if i dnt find it here im gone
Can't wait for tonight! ;)
I just woke up. I couldnt sleep any more because I was thinking about a certain man that I found a photo of and DAMN! ;D
You're right. Its truly a special day indeed.
Ziggyplayedguitar-bowie. That comic strip kid ziggy? Wow are you cereal? :)))))
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
hey alex (: can you please follow me and retweet me? I would love itt! Thankss (;
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-uw1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Plano, Tx! Support & tonight as they get the #ItsAliveTour started early!!
Ben with engage2empower also m2teach, not attending ASU education event, saving resources monies for ISTE 2012 event
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (DGpy5-jt)
Dear prof, While I appreciate you wanting me to look at & sign off on student papers, you might want to actually tell me about it beforehand
like my drinks high, my lights low <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Girls who do stuff like put "* your boyfriends "* as there location are wack.
In 8 weeks, my Calc II TA wore no more than 3 different shirts. #isitracist to say that he is Asian?
The game hasn't started yet and Jason Bay is already 0 for 4.
I'm goin to kill you for even saying that
Holy crap!! That's too bad, we were going to say yes.
BAHAHAHA, i just died !
#InstanstTurnon when a guy does sweet things for you in public <U+263A>
what's the name of the show you shot a pilot for I can't wait to see it :)
#procrastinationoroject for - need dress for wedding! Let's pin some ideas!
Special thanks to earth house and everyone else who made tonight possible! If you haven't heard them, check em out!!! Great music & guys.
Life is all pattern and discipline; and the beauty of discipline is when it works.
That is EXACTLY right. Tell others about your goal and your reputation is at risk-->this leads to meeting your goals!
What time is it? It's lunch time baby! Come in for a delicious treat at the B!
ALSO has a HUGE internal interview tomorrow morning!!! Wish me luck & keep me in ya thoughts & prayers!!! 0:-)
Omg just swam with about 60 wild dolphins .. We were surrounded so freaking amazing !!! Omg
just got done watching the hangover...killer movie!
You continue to do what you do ! Never can lose a rapper that speaks with soul because it's just to rare to find.
our pleasure! Stoked to have you as a lifer!
yeah and that would suck not having a phone
I shouldn't have I apologize when I didn't even do anything. I deserve better.
can't wait for my first #MarketDays in #Chicago this weekend...oh and the
You have my radio speakers.
So good! Was down at Eastern Mkt this morning, wanted to go but the line was too long!
hi ! wanna follow me!? no? oh okay :(
guess who comes back to Nashville today!
Tonight has been great, it's just what I really needed(:
how do u think u did on it?
Been listening Elvis all morning. Why can't he be alive now. Slightly obsessed with him.
Bette Midler, 'From a Distance'. Alanis, 'You Live You Learn'. Faith Hill, 'This Kiss.'=my mom's 3 favorite 90s songs. love it.
is on Twitter. 77,000 plus new followers in 45 minutes.
thanks you, kind sir.
4 Hurricane #Irene Recovery checks en route: Hudson Valley Writer's Center, Schoharie Free Library, Wallkill Library &
"Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise of health." J Thomson
right?! Felt the same a few weeks back; amazing how much better/efficient my body feels on full-on Paleo.
Nice. Amanda Bynes is here at my work buying a new BMW.
Oh, we are too! If you haven't done so already, don't forget to sign up for our coupon - $3 off adult admission on May 12!
Wants a change.. maybe I should dye my hair black..
Beauty is only skin deep! #adding Style is like coloring outside dem lines
No problem! Glad you enjoyed it!
I could, i'll check tomorrow, but boo you come for meal if possible :(
Business roundup: “Our passion for food is deeply rooted in the tradition and simplicity of southern baking, and we are proud to serv...
That would probably be instant coffee to some!
I'll fix the palaver redirect. I'm not sure why it stopped working.
Cripes. Liverpool just 50% on penalties kicks this yet? Psh. Shouldn't have been a shot. anyway.
did youu find it?(:
Found $60 in phantom home energy waste via the wattameter thx to Unplug = Off
gone head & get down wit these Milwaukee brewers as well! Good looking on tha go pack go tho fo'sho!
Oregon for the kush cause boy I know there's plenty here.
FF & RT #FF who leaves for her Africa volunteering effort on Thursday! #HoleyMoleyBatman //
LOL Still learning this gizmo, forgive ME for my missteps. Like can Kanye see this message?
Facebook friend just invited me to join a group called "Need a Job?" Possibly time to reconsider the public persona.
Hey everybody, thanks for the follow and your support. We are tweeting away today, please help by retweeting!! Thank you so much!
SHowcase Live is the sickest venue in the Northeasr
Heard at lunch: I've got this #knitting #database I use to track what I've made.
gotta have em on a buffalo burger
the awkward moment when he tells you he loves you and you have to explain why you can't say it back :P tah he's so adorable:)
Enjoying a lazy sunday with family
Lol you tell me first why you think that then i"ll tell you (:
Love my family though.
atleast your being safe Q lol
If I would've known the REAL HIM.. I would've left his ass where I met him...
This is a fabulous daily mantra: RT This is the 1st day of the rest of your life. Make sure to live it to the fullest...
CAUSE THAT HOE CHECKED OUT OF LiFE...
Happy Hanukkah everyone from your friends at VocabSushi!
Drank in my cup!!!!!! And #nowplaying countdown by beyonce
Ur only as good as ur team. 1 weak link will break the whole chain.
Finishing the week up with Jeanette HS in the morning. See you there.
Thanks! The photos on the right half of the wall are hung a bit uneven because I got tired & said 'screw it, close enough'
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Take me down memory lane
What's better than Charles Barkley in a dress? Heineken commercial with Bollywood music.
Watching that clip also just made me realize that if they ever remake Night Court, needs to play Bull.
Ill be safe and sound
love your new pic!!!
all I need is two fat bitches my cowboy boots nd hat hat with no shirt on a thing nd a rope lol
The dream I had>>>>
4 checked in and made weight. Just the coach now
Crap! Sorry. I'll put it in the mail today. I have been working 60 hrs a week, running with my head cut off.
I bet. Y r u packing? U moving? Hope th weather is nice there. Its gonna b 70 here.
Sure dad!!
it's ok to b weird :) evryones weird :p
Purchase a gift certificate towards the pageant entry fee for the little princess in your life.
where are you staying at this year?
RT : thank u m'dear! Whatever works, right? #lrnchat <--Always!
NOW IT STAYS.
Posted up
This is the best day EVER! Santa Clause is everywhere:)
Put together a project in five minutes.
Hey bro..follow back man..
Congrats to on its catering partnership with the legendary Chef Cindy Pawlcyn. We'll drink to that!
It's National Volunteer Week, a great time to get involved in your community. Remember, your Salvation Army needs you!
Two fat kids in an McDouble eating competition, who wins!?!?
I just got invited to a fb event group for my 10 year hs reunion. Just realized I wasn't very good friends with 85% of my class.
Exactly, similarities are there... unless they lose. Then it's all for nothing like Briere in Gm 2 on ECF
Do you favor calling a special legis session on restoring collective bargaining? Among Dem primary voters, yes 52%, no 39%.
No situation is ALWAYS gravy! But its ALWAYS a maybe!..u betta embrace what u DO have b 4 U loose it! #yougonelearnoneDAY!
NO FOLLOW? MY LIFE = OVER. LOL JK IM NOT THAT DRAMATIC.
taking out the trash with let's get some edits done
When someone adds me as a friend on Facebook, the first thing I do is go through all their pictures.
Driving down Muegge Road <
I love my Grandma <3
Get down here for lunch; we've got Kashmir Chicken Stew and Fire Roasted Tomato w/ Cheesy Croutons!
jazz man nothing better than turning on some Miles Davis and drinking rum on the rocks.
Good way to recover from the weekend- 8 mile run this afternoon!
Rigth now i'm making a college pic for <3 <3 for you pey :D
I am losing any sense of time. Weeks no longer exist only a constant stream of days.
hope you had a great time!
Love that Celtics guys have been trending all night: Ray Allen, Glen Davis, Jeff Green, Delonte West, LETS GO CELTICS!!
RT! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm! Let's do this!
lmao wtf? Yeah he's not that brightest kid...
- So you saw a show about being famous on basic cable?
Im going to pick up the world and drop it on your fuxking head.
If anyone has a better strategy for using Klout, I'd love to hear it. Otherwise, I'mma keep on mashing buttons like it's Mortal Kombat.
Had so much fun last night!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
did you sign up and make your picks for The Dance? Starts today.
Merry Christmas everyone. So far, so good. Santa got me a Chi and a flat screen tv, and my family is getting along. I need to knock on wood.
Love paid the ultimate sacrifice when Jesus died on the cross for you. Jesus was saying,I love you This much.
DAVIS!!! #orioles Badass game
Get Marmol out of there yesterday...during the rain delay.
Yeah! :) We miss talking to you! D;
My Hill hoes smell like Homewood bitches too
answered a trivia ? And got um. Free! Haha Paty we were more and likely right next to each other
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!!
I'll be releasing a free EP on June 1st! Who's gonna download it?
meet us and find out what we are all about! 3/12/12- 6pm The RIO 9535 Park Meadows Dr. Lone Tree
be lucky your voice gifted unlike me.... -___-
Dumpster diving.
Norman Vincent Peale
Count me in for the DH hub.
THRILLER NIGHT IS MAY 13TH!!!! (FRIDAY THE 13th)
Sources tell me the RED CROSS preparing backpack kits for 200,000... Is the BIG 8.0 going to hit? Recently in CO officials met to discuss...
yup. Which one do you like? I have redlaser
"Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly"-Rose Franklin.
I hate phony bitches
God, the replacements are not inspiring though.
Muse - Time is Running Out = Eargasm <3
Which of these do you use? And why? and/or
Love reading long run posts and race reports. Keeps me motived and excited.
So ace right now.
Provide clear error messages for forms: with indication to location of error & how to resolve the error.
RT : It's not how you start ... It's how you finish that counts....FINISH STRONG!
Imma say to PTC goodluck you need it becuase WE ARE GOING TO WIN!!
The social data landscape is like a spreadsheet with an error in random rows, which makes it all BS
how about cemeteries in the dark and creepy men in trucks? Haha
Dr. Ladson-Billings is one of mine. I'm glad we share a she-roe
I Better Find My Charger Fast...
Goodnite BOO Love you <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I want Chatter for free! And
Samardzija better be good today after saying you can get a good nap during the Sox game. <U+263A>
I hope that this relationship doesn't have any major problems.... I don't think I could deal with it...
Dear boys...Jeffree Starr eyebrows don't look good on everyone. lol
my, my, my. You're so flattering. :')
Thank you for the retweet.
Why do I feel like I'm about to pass out everything I come out of a tanning bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
that's some sound advice
Awesome! Can't wait to see what you've come up with Mike.
Hey Marc Webb. You've just directed "Spider-Man" one of the summer's likely blockbusters. What's next? Madison West H.S. 20th reunion.
WHOS READY TO PLAY GUESS THE SONG?! RT
Happy Humpday to u too! :)
G.M.N.I.: I don't partake in said festivities. However, if I did, would saying I never had a father be a fair excuse? No.
Don Corneilus is gone, RIP, we are wishing him Love, Peace & Soul!!!
no im not. so that should tell u something. lol
beaverton service location sucks. Out of 9 available windows only 3 are open. Waiting room is full.
MYSPACE PROFILE is being rebuilt.. UPDATED ON JANUARY 1st!!
No joke. Moving up in July... I will or course inform you of any developments :D
Some people play stuff out way too much. Let that shit go already lol
jk but your stomach is mad at you this morning
Shoot for the moon even if you miss, holy fuck your in space!
oh, right, thought you had but wasn't 100%. Looking forward to having you again!
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
me and #OOMF gon chill one day soon
Soaking up lunch hour sun rays. Our office is chill, very chill. I need a desk side snuggie. This calls for afternoon coffee.
Take your macbook!
For great writing/promotion tips
Thnx all good
I've been loving the last few days. I've met some amazing new friends & reunited-ish with old ones. So thankful for my current place in life
Seeing the third guy that looks just like pops walk by, I know the AGU is in town.
Omg award ceremony next :o
Applying at blockbuster
Dear Miami heat be careful you might be in the 80's again.
I can't.... Sdjkfkjrheojrgdjdkf UGH
Im a voodoo child.
Janet Jackson Blackglama Collection!!!
Mirror, Mirror cute as can be.
Happy booze day! Um, we mean Tuesday: Happy Hour, 3-7pm & Half Off Wines by the btl, 5pm. Now you have something to look forward to, cheers!
on the real bro monkey bizz
um where can i see it send a link.
Oh yes! Poor Jon has to be my victim.
Reading #McCarthy's #SUTTREE might put you off watermelon for life. #Harrogate's crime
yay :) I will order pizza lol
hey please follow me! I love you<3
I must be a thermostat for my students. This is a challenge. Time is a big factor. I do try to bring in the outside world to the class
lol! Stop! I think it Wrigley that is the black cloud! Hate to say it but Wrigley need to be upgraded!
What made me smile today:
Another friend of mine ODed yesterday, she is in the hospital. I pray she will be ok.
Sat next to a single man getting a pedicure at the nail salon on Gay St. Had mixed feelings, but in the end decided he was on to something.
mann that shyyt was funny ass hell <3 but imagine if everyone was quiet?" :o
It's time to clean up my blog roll. Getting rid of blogs that seem to be dormant or don't have a link to Babelpop on their sites.
I am verklempt. Overwhelmed. And I will #zollways love you.
Got it. Did you get our email this morning okay? Thanks for reaching out!
the cover photo of the good beer seals page inspired me. Also what did u mean, we have flavor they have purity? how they start
Also, You can order the lobster tostadas anytime as well! <U+E057>
cant wait to leave ugh long day!
nice pants... can i test the zipper?
Sure thing—See ya there on Thurs, Brian!
Where's my LA people at?
you still headed up here?
I love this Pic!
absolutely! Its right on the verge here in Albany NY.
PickUpLine: You remind me of a blue ribbon bass. I don't know if I should mount you or eat you.
please austin follow me please
Me neither!
On a scale of 1-10 how bad do you take the word cunt to be?
Lol you talking to daddy ?
Music you're so good to me!
ok time to get ready for rehearsals and get to this subway to get my grub on hehehe
Final session, apps and iPads in libraries. Yay!
In recent months the NYT's app has ranked between 500 - 700 overall in the App Store. Since Newsstand top 5 and now 1. Big change.
just a fan baby girl
boys in baseball pants>>
you know it's 2 AM when you've called a variable "fuckedTime"
Sonya Swiridjuk (SonyaSwiridjuk) thanks for the follow.
Your boy was in charge all day!!! #wheretheydothatat! I held it down!!!
I am not justifying HBO’s business model. I just find the sense of entitlement to entertainment hard to stomach.
fair point i missed that tweet and will blog about this stuff
Re-organized & re-wrote all the content for a 65-page web site in the past 6 hours. It's only a draft, but at least the draft is done!
MUCH better than the first one. Up top! LOL
is this a crazy game or what?! Go Mexico!
cheers...me too :)
#sljsummit10 Abram: role of librarians: building ciritical connections betwn information & knowledge=move beyond teaching kids to find stuff
haha. But if we text I could have you "approve" the pics (;
I could eat Mac n cheese for every meal
I look up to the sky thanks to “: Never thought I'd ever say "booty glitter" on air.”
How does one become a butterfly? You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
dood... the Google+Twitter integration extension is so much better than the twitter layout. Facebook... you've been fucked hard lulz
Good looking pup. Keep those football tweets coming :) RT : Tweet about dog: Everyone responds. Those that asked: Axel Nagler
HOW YOU KNOW YOU DIDN'T SLEEP ENOUGH: You pick up your wireless mouse from your desk, flip it over, and try to send a text message. *sigh*
long story
clinics r back! explore thai acupressure 4 orthopedic disorders. learn about self. #thaiacupressure: routines that aim to relieve PAIN.
RT : I'm learning that generosity doesn't have to be difficult. Just give what you have often. It's a state of mind.
great let me know how you like my tweets and let me know if I say something dumb...
The important thing is the family. If you can keep the family together - and that's the backbone of our whole business... - Walt Disney
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly
follow and check out his music!!
Girls, please. Don't wear tank tops under your crop tops.
u can call me.babe
ERIN MCDOUGALD JAZZ QUARTET PERFORMS TONIGHT at www.alteatro.us *downstairs* 10pm-1:30am! Brick-oven pizza,gelato, wine cellar..
If they are not going to consider you a priority, then why should you?
i didn't get past the first round unfortunately, smh. Waiting to get my feedback. One to grow on I guess.
The frog was boiled a long time ago.
I figured it had something to do with salary.
So the argument as to why Lebron (MVP) or Dwyane Wade (Former Finals MVP) didn't take the last shot is because lebron and wade were off? -->
Taking A Smash.
...... AND PLAY SOME FUCKING MORE !
you better be! lol
I love timehop but since I know the future, I can't be too excited about year-ago-Diana finding a room in an apartment.
Rehearsing with tropicofpisces lately. So much fun...
The next thing you know.... im big in japan... <3
Wishing you where here when I listen to that song but then I skip the track & in glad I ain't got you.
hey hey!!! lunch was necessary!
": can someone please invent a phone with a massive keyboard so that my fat thumbs will stop making typos?" Galaxy Note lol
im from Arizona!
Have you seen today's Milwaukee Groupon? Half of clothing at Boutique Larrieux — the city's premier plus-size boutique in the Third Ward! xo
I finally switched over to Splenda from sugar. I am going to get cancer, but I am going to be the skinniest bitch with cancer.
Good night my love and follow me PLEASE Please love you
Just accepted and offer to be the official photographer for the creation of a 2012 modeling calendar
ur the skunk!
Do you live in the twin cities area? Don't forget to swing into Corazon to get your attagirl items and tons of other great stuff!
Current estimates put close to 50 million Americans who cannot afford healthcare. We are here to help with Prescription Assistance!
Sick like a dog :(
GAGA WAS F* FANTASTIC!!!!!
pretty good m'lady
Mike Goldberg on Gustafson, "you can't simulate 6'5" in training."
I do! underwhelmed by the stylist (Kelsey?) but liked the salon and my cut.
RT : I'm getting scared of the new programming generation crowd when I hear: "but... but... what's malloc ?!?"
WATCHING KIM & KOURTNEY TAKE NEW YORK I LOVE YOU GUYS AND BABY MASON!!!!!
Have any men out there ever gotten stalked by someone online? #pii2012 #piiLabs I wasn't actually scared by it - I was too busy to care.
RT : Finally indexed my first centenarian (101 yrs old). Surprised it took this long.
Only time that faculty are available. ;-)
"If you go to Z'ha'dum you will die."
that's the problem with skinny ties, you have to wear a shirt
I say can kick some major ass:)
So....anybody know if BRoy is still in the Rose Garden? They brought him in, he sat for less than a quarter, and left?!
times are coming down, track is drying
Playing in the $5k Perfect SnG Freeroll in 30 minutes. I hope to go deep into the tourney tonight.
Whatever you do dont look at his neck.
Not stopping at Denny's. Going to McD's (again) instead.
Wondering how Philip Glass feels about the Downton Abbey theme
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and
That's always good. What inspires you?
Watching S2E3 of "Kingdom": That's supposed to be an American accent. Ha! Gotta love it!
Need to cut these politicians fat salaries + perks and put them on feta cheese.
If you can provide a route number, direction, location and time this happened we would like to look into it. Thank you.
Does anybody have dodgeball, cause like I really want to watch it, & they don't have the movie in Walmart
QoTD: "Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely." (Auguste Rodin)
Love meeting with our partners & hearing about the impact all of you are making :) thanks for the wonderful meeting !
"Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe." ~Anatole France
are you zip lining ?
stoked to chat next week!
that was pretty surreal. I'm here, we'll have to meet at the break.
Check out 's contest. They're giving away guaranteed seats in classes and a $5k Scholarship. Strong supporter of
seriously somebody just rt somebody who spelled it like that lol
Hey tweeps, we've switched our Twitter account -- please follow us over at twitter.com/berecruited or ! Thanks!
So far, I have 331 books on my Goodreads list and it's spitting out great recommendations.
Starting a new girl band is never easy, but someone has to do it!
Alexis is bad news bro.
4 nights off whoop! Whoop!
OMG me too! RT "All By Myself" always reminds me of Bridget Jones, haha
Pawn Celeb News; Due to the fact made a public announcement be was battered and aborted a child ppl are blasting her
will we ever know who the real wizard is??
Thank you RGIII for being so awesome, because of you my other team the Rams will finally be good again.
“: Whats up,if your not busy is it ok if you listen to a couple of tracks by my bro” DM me a YouTube link.
— Congrats on moving to GitHub!
right. Like noone is hiring xD
ok... is it a bad sign when the cat nearly knocks the picture of the husband off the nightstand because he's jealous?
You know Ciaras up there with cereal but maybe, maybe above cereal
The flag is up! A Hurricane Cocktail after cutting the lawn: 2 gold rum, 2 light rum, 1 lime juice, 1 passion fruit syrup, shaken well & up!
Come on E you still use the aqua Net huh?
It was funny to me, cause I know what that's like.
Yo Mama! for lunch with !
when I found steve
Musicians wanted for Downtown Market - Clarksville Leaf Chronicle
We imagine that we want to escape our selfish and commonplace existence, but we cling desperately to our chains
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE HOTEST BEATS MUSIC PRODUCING RNS GET YA Weight UP FELLAZ FOLLOW the producer NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
R U wearing blue today in honor of World Autism Awareness Day?
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph ... - Hollywood Reporter
don't claim to be a bisexual chick if you just receive head but you don't have the balls to give it.
very interesting project! Are you using speech-to-text?
“The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.” — Nietzsche
Just got home.. I have the biggest headache right now.
Don't scold me and then try to connect with me 5 minutes later.
Proclaim His name.
#brewer game tonight, man do I want them to clinch the title while I'm there.
Know what finally made me say "screw it" to dieting? Watching a Photoshop tutorial feat. Katy Perry. If she's not pretty enough, no one is.
I would love to see what me and Ne-Yo could come up with in the Studio. This guy is dope!
The fire is burning is rockin!!
Yes they do. I had a friend who worked for an entertainment television show and they had death watches and obits ready to go.
My sister frinds out my shit.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis. When I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this.
Just picked up keys to our future pop-up shop. Build-out starts tomorrow!
yea yea, obviously you a liar too
Beautiful event tonight @ the elegant 900 Biscayne w/ Electric Avenue, Commissioner Sarnoff, Silvia Morales and many wonderful Downtowners
Nap time! <3
Tell us why you are happy! Send us a photo of yourself saying "I am happy in __(your city)__ because _____." <3
I BELIEVE IN YOU GROUCHY PAPA BEAR :D
breakfast would of been nice lol CTFU!
Their cards are quite nice, agree.
Choe (9) came to me & told me she & her 2 friends stole boxes of candy from the concession stand @ school! Said she can't lie to me!
": you're just such a good tweeter!" That sounds bad...
Just saw a subway ad for an attorney named Justin Bieber. Marketing gold to all those 12-year olds in need of counsel.
Just completely caved in. Happens to the best of us. Did my part, we'll see what happens next. Insomnia makes you do crazy things. Bleh.
you are very gay indeed
i didnt smell him aha , its sounds so cute ! well kinda a little .
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Call NOW. $69 DIVORCE
How ignorant is he who knows all but not himself. ~Validivar
I have a new SearchMe link for Google. Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/bruce - From t.vizibility.com
LOL I keep saying no to Mr. Bean bc I think I don't like it; I think I should give him another shot! Good idea, keep em comin!
you hear about the big Chris Brown tour? He's gonna hit Madison, Virginia and Charlotte. Then the tour starts.
Research project for you: Douglas Dev gutting old DC govt printing office bldg, Reed St & Channing Pl NE. Rumored retail...
Have you tried Tamale Boy? We'd like to think ours are pretty good.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Robbery is 6 times more likely than the rest of the city.
I miss #DaphneLovesDerby & #Wolftron SO MUCH! Please create music for me to listen to.
tight jeans, double D's make the boys go woo hooooooooooooooo.
Nearly had a mid-life MI pruning trees away from the roof. My Fitbit, biased toward legs, judged it only "moderately active."
sadly yes..he beat out..wait for it... Wait for it.....Jeff GArcia... Wow. “: Jake Delhome going to Houston?”
Pacer up at the half! No sign of the MVP! Chris Bosh might be hurt! Not looking so invincible now, huh Miami fans!
Its one big update resume day. I must have a bag of candy stashed somewhere in this place!
#ff It has a man from the future and a girl who probably plays with cat toys
O'Banion: 6 draft core principles 1) est. significant connection 2) integrated/mandatory intake programs 3) Programs of Study for all
RT : I'm singin #foramomentlikethis/Let's work on finding #big3 a new theme song
We’re experienced professionals with an eye out for your profits. --RPM Central Valley
Dad's love our cupcakes. We are open Sat 10-4 and our Westside store will be open on Sun 11-4.
watch it fuck around and be a Boston-vs-L.A. Finals smh
I'm going to have a heart attack!
i hate to do this to you but .. You dont get your ipod tell yountell me .
Alright. I think he's mad at me now. Ugh
Thanos in the next Avengers movie!! That part at the end of the movie was badass!!
My friend Aubrey, she has new camera.. wew
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Twitter turned 5 :) is much older!
You know what I hate? People who answer their own questions.
thanks for the rt!
Thanks for the RT!
And Wild Ones by Flo Rida too
lol you can see under the skirt haha
I thought it would be Panda-like Indian but it's pretty authentic. I think someone was trying to be cleaver.
I'm part of a traveling couple...back from a RTW trip and not currently traveling, but feet are getting itchy...
Great job tonight!
battleship looks awful
Another day was a waste of makeup
no, but there's a first time for everything
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
hey kory how are you?:
yeah screw that kid
Disagree. Think Sun Tzu and the Art of War.
I heard the west coast is the best coast
I just think the "L" word as pejorative is inadequate and counterproductive.
RT : According to IMDBPRO "Spec scripts sales explode in October" #screenwriting #ScriptChat none of them mine I might add.
ill have 2 check that out.
oh god have to get tickets
Lauren Alaina looked amazing in the Live Idol Chat. :)
In Los Angeles & AREN'T going to ' taping? I loathe you & all you stand for (which can't be much) bit.ly/nXWfzC
When I'm chopping together cover art for that involves Clippy, I know it was a good episode. Out later today!
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” - Thomas Jefferson
Finishing "About a boy" on #Netflix . Had 1 piece of my Greek dessert platter I purchased yesterday.
Don't scare me like that.
Keep them coming. I plan to use them all!
I loved b.o.b since nam... so yeah there ya go
Retweet if u are independent and always strive for what u need follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
Yeah I won't be back in jerz until 2:30.
Seriously, Who ARE you people who can stand 3 feet from a trash can and throw your crap on the ground?
How are things ? Long time no talk. How are your scripts coming? Do you have any television bibles in the works?
MT : Some girl just yelled "YOLO!" at me, I looked at her and said "Sleep it off freshman." #Mifflin2012 ||
#FF coming up. Going to try to mention everyone who is helping spread the news on #GOA2011 & #FESPAAmericas. Hoping I don't forget anyone :)
it hella boring what the family doing
Monsieur Lazhar opens this Friday. Cool stuff.
I can't get over that Carlos Fuentes quote in 's obit for him.
Yep getting all the fans together & try to help can hopefully change their minds.
Join Baltimore Real Estate Investing group for up to date knowledge! Commit & invest your energy & time working towards your wealth goals.
I had such a nice pre-birthday celebration day. Even though the musical generational gap between me and today's young things is widening.
I'm guessing he doesnt kno what a hand mirror is
I've been kelvin-ing so much today thhat my phone is at 10% :o
Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean they don't exist..
Graduation: success.
just met with W. Cliff Oxford - Looking forward to Luxury Economics this week!
excellent. Our current recipe has no dried shrimp :)
I hope one day bieber will noticeme while wearing #someday!
Is it me or is it impossible to eat a whole meal of chick fil a by yourself?
How was your first day of Spring? Ready to say goodbye to Winter?
Great skill development workouts with Looking forward to more work!
Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood - KOLD-TV Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood KOLD-TV
Aw! Thanks so much! You are one of my all time favs!! :)
Everyone have one!!!!
Can I fast foward to college football season please?
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
About to see soo excited! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Is there a less-believable cop than Martin Lawrence? Especially for an actor who has been a cop in 49 movies
Cats lead 7-5 Bottom of the 7th. Follow for updates
Definitely need to find a place to live soon!!!! If anyone has any suggestions of good spots to live, please Let me Know!! Thank you!
Why would Harry find a box of SheWee's in his room?
There is nothing more beautiful than a day like this in New York City.
no I can't.
Brandon Jacobs signed by the 49ers. That really sucks.
traveling with my mini mab bag for the first time.so happy with it!
Thanks for all you do for me!
Guess ill go to bed, gnite <3
I have to get caught up on
hahah him believing us <<<<
Nah ill be there Tuesday “ haha ok !..can't wait !..next Wednesday right ?”
Love watching first take, skip bayless a trip
angle and frequency of films are so often overlooked by the intermediate artist, don't let a great design end up mediocre....
"wow" "awesome" "quite satisfying" "epic" (and T----s! Can't wait!)
Finally back home from practice (y)
#2011in3words: memories , regrets ,mistakes.
> Great. Hope to see you in Denver @ E12.
No lol It's the Girls Next Door, I always watch it when I work out
yes and I 'so happen' to bump into him (;
thanks for keeping off the streets. I'm thankful he doesn't live in my car any longer. Ok, my moms car.
Seriously, what the fuck?! It better stop.
Thank you so much for the sharing the article & for your kind words. & the team are glad you enjoyed the session!
My new house has an outdoor gym, I just come in from lifting it's 46degs out but I felt much stronger . pros and cons of lifting in the cold
I love you tweets! Just hit 700! Have a great "spring forward" weekend!
I hate being fucking late
I swear to god I saw somebody tweet exactly what just did the other day...
S/o to all the #love.. that seems to be the major thing we hear from ppl leaving the place.. we all fam
haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> yes ma'am
I most def. will Sis luv ya so much RT let us know so we can celebrate in style!
RT GOOD LUCK ON THE GAME. FOLLOW IAMHEALTHYHAIR/ RACHEAL
Who likes to get tree high!
Dearest students, if your course evaluation forms look funky via Chrome, try opening them in a different browser, k?
Some people never learn how to grow up and act like adults, so sad that they have to create drama to feel like they have friends.
its geting worse by the second
oh no, who's next
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day...I think I know what I should get at the store today.
Going out to play in the snow!
BESt beautiful simmons
when someone tells you to go kick the bucket.. .-.
it's all about being persistent!
Almost missed the conference I was supposed to go to today AND I'm apparently tabling at an Entrepreneurship event on Fri
4 day weekend in New England!
because his hair is getting longer so it's starting to lay down.
- looking forward to hearing about it! Enjoy Athens!
I Been On SocialCam For A Year.. Where Y'all Been??
#TurnItUp for Charity! On 4/1, get the chance to vote for your favorite non-profit (, or ). Stay tuned..
Got my studio ready for business
so tired right now,
well im just saying interested really dose not mean mingle was just playing we could be friends is that cool with you
ya know what you're right, how was it btw
Less communism and more socialism. You should read more.
- the "And then it hits you " ads make no sense. I feel embarrassed for your ad agency.
Tiger might miss the cut lol
oh me too i'm sorry!! happy birthday love bug :) love you!
I really want some ice cream
Out here amongst the rats, the wolves in sheep clothing, the snakes, but imma Leo (Lion) none of it even bothers me!! By the way GOODMORNING
So excited for the parade on Dec 3rd, a little sad it's followed by the lighted yacht parade as i want to spread out the joy
you just love disney movies
4 games down 1 to go
That looks mis. Well a snowstorm with nowhere to go, kinda is.
It's one of those pet peeves days. Dog owners & old people driving. But you know what, Bikram Yoga did me right so I'm calm and cool.
I love FL. Thanks for the head's up! I will have to do some investigating. Do you know of any places I should check out for sure?
if I may Mr President.. He is an attorney
Hello who missed me
Yeah it's foolish to me. I didn't understand it on FB either.
Ha! MT If you're watching CNN Obama just said he supports same-sex marriage. If you're watching FOX he just made it mandatory
Meet us Thursday at 5:30 to see "OV Loves Downtown" a show benefiting Opportunity Village!
Yeah, well we're not making that mistake twice.
Congratulations. You will rock the world Go get 'em to all the 2012 grads.
If I was new York I would trade him now and get value for him!
thank you for the speedy response!
"Hungry for some real #Italian food? Look no further. Stop in today for some pasta and gourmet meatballs, made from Leo's original recipe. "
please go explain to congress how the internet works!
Double take on fashionbaggage.com
Ill be fine once I get it, I'll be good.
her too lol. Apologies for the random b in the
your voice is my drug.
I aint met a chick named Peggy in a long ass time
We at Iguanas in pico rivera and DJ Cruz
Just signed. Everyone should sigh this.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
We are at Scoma's
Anyone else notice the similarities between the 2012 Port of Morrow album cover & the self-titled album art from 2010.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
this was your first tweet lol. Get outta here haha. Where you been?? Forgot about me huh?
Gotten donuts twice today :)
There you go bursting my bubble.
you are so adorable Alex.
well the mets won and the yanks lost
"Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses." - George Washington Carver
Are there any great #chamber series coming up this autumn, we can still apply to?
Brazil challenge Blatter about corruption within FIFA.
ps can't wait for the toll paying for a bridge that doesn't exist
happy & sad at the same time .
Great #healthtips for women today memorial hospital la jolla.
My laptop isn't booting up. Thought it was power chord, but even with brand new one it isn't progresding past Dell screen.
Yes, bday party was great! Kindergarten boys are so funny and cute.
The Arizona Republic, my former (and 1st newspaper) employer, is named #Pulitzer finalist for Gabby Giffords shooting coverage. Super proud.
Who started this #broom crap?
Both teams are shooting the ball horribly
Knee deep in Digital #journalism homework ...... Still feels so weird to say that. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
on your way home?
Love Morning Benders! Nice.
Did you mean YOU add power to the Universe?
What's everyone up to in Houston today? This weather is beautiful!
He deleted most of them.
sorry for the late response but it's been ok and you :) ?
what no Grover?
The awkward moment when som1 tells u a stupid cheesy joke +_- and u try 2 force out a laugh so u won't b an ass
But just to make sure we're clear. Right now LP is on break and Kasey is not in the group. Just Melissa & Diana right now. :)
I'm downtown by Nordstrom and this gorgeous black Rolls Royce Phantom goes by. My eyes and about 5 others followed it down the street. Nice!
follow for follow?(:
so glad you enjoyed it. The Texas popper that is, not contagion. ;)
Listening to singing love the way you lie piano version. <3 AMAZING!!!!!
dang! that's quite some company to be in!
I have nobody woke to talk to :/
Working on final cours curriculum for webinar
you're welcome. Mostly sold in the mid-coast area. Go to the Cabin in Bath for pizza and a pitcher. Can't go wrong.
Roxxxy, the worlds first sex robot, has been unveiled this week in Las Vegas...Now there's a hooker the Secret Service won't go near
Met tons of interesting people at the National Retail Federation #nrf12 tradeshow in #NYC this week. Will be back next year for sure.
I wanna make a shoutout video with someone who's down:)
I like your avi
Obama to Mitt "good luck tonight"
Im having a panic attack D; I cant go up in front of the whole school tomorrow....I just cant. ._.
Good Morning Good Morning! I hope everyone has a beautiful lovely day!
All These Sunny Days.. But People Actin' Shady, Telling Me They Really Love Me.. But Silently They Really Hate Me
This is gonna be crazy-> RT : FREAK FEST 2012 TONIGHT AT TEXTURE NIGHT CLUB!! NO CAMERAS ALLOWED!! LADIES FREE TIL 11!!
I'm sorry about your house. Hope the insurance company is paying for at least some of the rebuilding?
hi signed orioles
who wouldn't? I know I have been cravin me some video diaries:)
This song sux
khuffman: #sla2010 Just landed in DC. Shared seat next to Tried to work some on conference notes.
print, web and mobile design
come find me this afternoon! (:
Hahaha I know. You know I got you, boo. ;-)
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities. Napoleon Bonaparte
Iris, thank you so much!
Thanks to all of you for coming out and supporting the team this weekend!
Why did Angelina stand like that?
WIN! RT : Sand volleyball is seriously the best class decision I ever made
Yeah buddy! You?
San Francisco: where overweight Jerry Garcia lookalikes wake up and say, "It's a great day for a pleated skirt."
the teacher of K's group was elusive.
what i haven't figured out is what it means when people say like 4x4 and 5x5 and stuff.
I was bout to say something ;)
...FIND something to LIGHT the METAPHORICAL FIRE under you!!! ;-)
Get ready!! New tunes are almost here!
Upcoming in October..Refer a friend to Wicklesshop Candles Page on FB and receive FREE PRODUCT and more information...
Happy LEAP Day! Anything special going on on #Larchmont or #HancockPark or #MiracleMile?
What's your fav candy?
naw man....what kinda scene you looking for? there's lots of indie & hip-hop sh!t going down.
Ran intervals today and cut my run down from Monday...now onto making something with chicken for
coast to coast and summertime are my favorite summer songs ever <3 <3
You're welcome Paul for the mentions. Have an awesome Weekend! : ) XOXOXO
Ima just stay single..
Right now, I can announce that I've been accepted into the Student Affairs graduate program at Western Carolina University!!
Ontario offers very high feed in tariff for solar, but only if panels are built in Ontario. So now siemens building plant in Ontario.
Ill consider it RT : Yep emery and northfield*RT never been, ain't that out by northfield
I can feel the caffeine kicking in through my heart valves. I can listen to my brains shifting gears. I can crack my fingers again.
Watching The Wood :)
Hi Mike. Thanks for connecting. :)
God blessed me with Thick Skin
My punk ass is down in Tampa until Sunday ;)
the thought crossed my mind a time or ten that game.
You're welcome! and thanks for following me back ( ü )
thnks much appreciate!
There is always a way to move on, a road to travel on, a plane to fly on, a planet to live and a dream to survive on. David Swinden
sounds great! Cant wait to meet you!
Up to unit eight in my Italian language lessons.
do u think he likes me!?!?!?
By now the whole world knows... The great Whitney Houston has been confirmed dead. She was 48
Cleaning black mold from my living room window is not how I planned to spend my morning. Bleh!
Without discontent and desperate times there would be no opportunity to test your resolve - which ultimately shapes who you are.
You're welcome. Good luck.
Be yourself no matter what
I miss you too! I want to.. I'm Bored -.-
hi friend miss you
at about to go insane with #bostondreams <3
So fortunate but too busy to enjoy it!
amazing. And yes, this has happened to me too.
without question. But which team will show up?
RT Other Lives perform live on www.kcrw.org at 11:15 pst/2:15 est. Tune in or be square or something like that.
Yet, rather than charge the 2 w/ #HateCrimes & let their defense prove otherwise, the DA abdicates responsibility of a charge 2 the Court.
Was wondering about olives as I finished off a jar of capers on this one tonight--good to know!
Just listened # Last Name London. Going to the top. Hell yeah!!!
l am heading to cocodrie Saturday to scout it out. Name the date and I will make it happen.
De it wasnt me. My phone had die
This time I got nothing to waste Let's go a little higher I'm on fire, I won't blackout
RT : Y'all Ole Miss has been in everyone else's highlights.
Great Google-y Moogly! « Shouts from the Abyss
been doing some coaching with students that really inspire me! i love it when actors go after their dreams!
because they are meant to be enjoyed while sitting in the grass?
Also occasionally guilty in conversation, usually of the Arsenal variety. "We need to get rid of f*cking Arshavin!"
can u do like a video tribute to me? of if u can do a special blog about me?
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta! What an important story of Mexican-American mobility, heroism, and success!
Hey, I just responded to your comment on Muse. Let me know if you'd like me to remove your tweet from the article -- no problem.
aww! That's so nice!
Any plans for an Android app? Had to reserve a train using 's iPhone!
Here at CES.... just went to press preview.... USB 3.0 10x faster than usb2 I will have video on web site soon
...And before I go to sleep I will pray for all the Eagles fans in the world (sigh).
This is our award winning kidexerciser that transforms your kid's bike into a stationary bike that controls the TV.
- True. Evil is more scary with the evil person is smart.
July issue of San Diego Home/Garden published my architecture feature on the cover. Very grateful. Subscription's are half off. Hint!
Getting cowboy boots repaired is expensive.
I get 1993
I have been in "email Jail" all day! Looking forward to Tuesday :)
pour boiling water in it
why the sad face?
I bet college students would come together from all races, tiers, creeds, and political affiliations to stop that frm passing
College kids in Milwaukee are getting drunker and dumber every day. I should invest in a taser for when Im on bouncer duty at the bar.
I haven't straightened my hair in like forever"
at least the lobsters get to live to see another day! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Me to my 12-y-o looking at her Google Buzz acct: "What's 'IKR'? 12-y-o: "I know, right?" Oh no!
Let us know if you make it out this way and we'll set you up! :)
I'm very exited about the new camera on the iphone 4. The best camera is the one you have with you.
June came in March and in April March is here. #weirdweather in RVA
wit eb dumb ass
Just read Roundball Stew. Noticed you like Rudy Gay. Do you think that Rudy Gay is too much to pay for Tyreke Evans?
yea they're still on there.
huge tell on me: if is within 10 ft of my table I have the nuts
TY! RT : an amazing release. jazz and world music collide and the end result is simply stunning
What about SM learning over time? What do we see in terms of leadership in SM? What skills do we see needed to bring change?
Coming up: Ted Nugent, Bring Me The Horizon, Childish Gambino, Death Cab, Circa Survive, Taking Back Sunday, and All Time Low.
Women get that pussy eating thing out of control. If you were mine you'd get that whenever. But if you're not, you get that when I want to.
Just gave a demo at pycon 2012.
RT : I will sing to the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praise to my God while I have being. Psalm 104:33
birthday cake remix? eh, i like the original better.
SHES GOT A LOVE LIKE WOE
haha! jeans are mad tight
I can tell certain people don't like me no more, new shit just don't excite me no more, I guess they just don't make 'em like me no more
So ready to get this over with!!!!!!!! Help me Jesus!!!!!!
One of the nation’s top law firms is recruiting for an Information Resources Manager in their Washington, DC location. This position manage…
Just FYI: "US Military Asset = Jack Bauer"
next time, baking in our oven!!! Lmao
going to my last class for the day.
: "Sell your body if you have to." : "Done." HUH-LARIOUS!!!
lol & Kobe has made a hell of a lot more game winning shots than Lebron
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
hi, hi! I've been a little scarce lately too and missing the conversation!
Hey Seattleites! Which new SCAN show is your favorite?
oh shit ...not good ..have to download it ..i cant ):
What's your favorite mindless behavior song? :-)
everyone was taken by surprise by spectrum usage spike. App market, rapid device evolution not seeable in 2007
Your love is my drug ;)))
what! #disappointment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
On my way to meet at #Spin !!! SUPER EXCITED!!!!
80% Off at Copper Gable Cafe. Campus-area coffee shop serving Alterra Coffee; hot and cold build-your-own sandwiches, soups, and salads.
TGIF!!! yes yes oh yes!
Bryan Adams, you always make it all better :)
So much fun! RT : Great night tonight celebrating and ! Good dinner with good friends :)
Feels like the day Nash left.
yup! I'm so stoked!
ha! This is the same expression I made, when I saw the old dudes balls...
Ha! Yes.
The Jacques Brel show at the Skylight was great. Brel in English ! Highly recommend it. 2 days left though.
Also, I didn't find this tweet until now. It's not quite fair to get mad at me for not seeing it in enough time.
Spied making rounds Wednesday 's #DOOL event. Good scoop to come?
yeah I'm a fan besides all the houses. I've definitely hit a few.
you have to copy and paste it . sorry .
:) massive holiday as in summer? When does your college usually get out? Around my area high schools get out around this May or
no way buddy, we have to have this! We are a baseball town 1st plus we only have 4 weeks of summer! Go Brewers Go!
Patience is not one of my virtues
GOOD NIGHT TO ALL H.
Was Tyrell Sutton a big Ohio State fan growing up and what did it mean to him to play against the Buckeyes?
In a way, those negative times allow me to appreciate these great times all the more. Life ebbs and flows. The night is darkest before dawn.
Dang my arms so weak..
Everything is ready to go on our site. We're just waiting to point the domain name to the NEW website! Stay tuned.
SO excited to see your show! THe trailers are awesome!
“: our daddy ;) lmfaoooo.” lmfao he's your daddy in another way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm blessed how have u been?
So much to do...
Do YOU believe that if u have to leave the one u love, if its meant to b, True Love will bring ya bak 2getha!?... I do. #iluvanthony.. <3
kool tell us all about it ok!!
Miserable people attract other miserable people and create misery.
no sir..
Maybe a chapter from What is History by Edward Carr? Useful though old. I just read it for a historiography course.
Loved someone's tweet: "can we stop calling it Beaver Nation? It's a neighborhood, or county at best..."
Some people will just never understand..
can i dick?
ah has 1 million followers :') so proud
That's me buying a bunch of books in the photo the Hammer's using to accompany Libros events on their online calendar!
a blind squirell gets a nut every now & then..boise can win 1 big game a year..cuz thats all they have..the rest are high school
Have to get rid of a headache before I can continue w/ the article RE: John 3:16. I've written about it before, but can't find previous item
abstract and textures are some of my favorite subjects!
You know I thought Autism was the end of the world. Now I know it has opened up the Universe.
Get these girls out of my house. I don't care if "he" just "friend requested" you- I'm sorry I just don't.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars? IT woud be great for you.
Ever wonder what happened to No Child Left Behind? Join our chat with about #edwaivers on Wed 11/16 from 11:30-12:30 EST.
Yes sir! just got here RT : get em bro!
Defining this year's creative schedule. Can you say, excited?
You would be awesome on Survivor! Not to mention all the meals you can provide with that toe cheese of yours!
hmm good question, well there will be some hyped guys for dr.acula who would gladly cop a feel, so i'd with skinny jeans just
Good people of - the good folk at wud love a LINCOLN VS. ZOMBIES screener. Can u help them? Big Asylum boosters
“: Want a chance to meet Colt Ford?” As it turns out, no. :-P
Feeling groggy off of the NyQuil I took last night. #sizzurp!
These muthafuckus is fuckin up are they throwing the game smh
Hahaha!!! #1 fan! RT : It's Clay Matthews birthday today. must be celebrating privately....
We don't all have same biz model.
That's really nice. Love when no ones answers me. Sorry I don't play along with your little storylines.
My roommate is jellyrolls famous. hollaa
funny you should follow me today... Tomorrow I will be in philly
tell me about it. job #1 --> job #2 today. no outside times. hoping for later this week!
fantastic, love yoga
come on in! 900 North Glebe Road in Ballston, we hope to see you soon!
": A teammate of DWade & Chris Bosh just won MVP because so many so badly want to forget how clutchless he is - fuck u
- how did your session go today? Kristy and I were wondering.
Rachael Taylor was Maggie- the Australian one. I haven't seen We Bought A Zoo :( Who else apart from Matt Damon is in it?
IDK MAN, I JUST NEED A WRISTBAND.
Looking forward to the social media talk for #TipsandTricks. I've got a great presentation on the art of viral marketing.
#ConfessionNight I like this trend because it gives people a chance to speak out!
In terms of raw natural beauty, it rules to be California. In terms of insane politics, it sucks to be California.
Where do u work if u mind me asking?
haha. I beat him until he gave me the password
Thanks for the Follow!!
I'm so nervous. C'mon Detroit, make history here!
Headed to dinner at one of my #Roc favorites - The GateHouse - with my favorite of favorites.
I know, right? I was hysterical when that popped up. lol
this is amazing!
Don't forget to send us your project photos so we can show them off to the world on our Facebook Page!
Don't forget to use #LCcommencement with your tweets this weekend! So glad to have you in PDX!
hahaha well since you offered :D
The brain gives the heart its sight. The heart gives the brain its vision. ---Kall
Congrats(life) and condolences(Rivera)!
Are you playing tonight ? I hate when the media plays with the status just post ur status WTF !
New Design idea... V neck shirt that says "V Necks are Gay" thoughts???
I've been in solid meetings/interviews since 9 a.m. except 20 minutes for lunch. Head kinda spinning w/ conflicting web developer opinions.
Hey you were great on the episode of Switched at Birth !!!!!!
Wonderful ghost signs!
Well me nar see you or Ms. Wire online. A wa appen
Dedication, love propel sick cop in harrowing recovery
Trimmin The Fat Right Now...
july seems like a plan then! heck yea..dope stuff is just the START!
Still trying to figure this twitter way of communicating...sorry twitter I'm new to you and I'm used to Facebook....
What your name on 2+2? Hit me on Blizge
Oh mister sun, sun muster golden sun please shine down on me!
wait for the next dose - don't redose if it's die the next 1-2 hrs.
Today is the day I complete something....anything really. I really need a
we ALWAYS do bacon! :) & excited to see a beast at CFM
i didnt like that.
Had a great day 1 and now onto day 2!
Watching Casino Royale. New man crush, Daniel Craig and those smokin eyes of his! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
First group makes it through 17 with no balls in the water.
Yeah I like mgk . Wanna bitch and complain about how it's annoying ? Go right ahead .
love, love, love copyblogger
Perfect! Just stay at the airport until 7:30 tonight and I'll come say hi :)
PARK Police or NPS (), not PARKS police. We've been dealing with them in DC for over 6 months now
Watching Grey's from last night. Its intense.
welcome to Twitter Corey! Follow Cody as well! Haha
Don't open any direct messages from D2Kill in the last day or so. We did not send them, we were hacked. We will wait 24 hours and resume.
good, besides drama.
Ugh I hate when im in hospitals
follow me
I've been god. Listening to Maroon 5's old music right now. :')
Are you still looking for a reader for MCN? Let me know.
So now your health depends on the writing of this book - NO pressure at all.
OSAA wrestling tourney / come on by the Gleukos car and get a sample and some coupons for free Gleukos / and bring me a heater!!!
duh im fuck you like fred flintstone im make the bed fuckin rock bahahah
I don't know how we lasted this long.
RT : Hey and - rolling with PR2.0: Your Next Step in Your PR Career in 54 minutes!
you unfollowed me. :( follow me back please <3
nutting just got up y
Wonderful show tonight in Vegas. Now back home watching a documentary on Ponce de Leon while practicing the fastest card trick in the world.
I wonder if vampires have trouble using smart phones because of the touch screen.
Introducing, Elite Push Up Cakes! They make perfect favors! Come on by to place you order! :)
Let's bake and sell Occu-Pies in stores, door to door, everywhere. Let's set up an Occu-PIe baking network across the country, Occu-Pies!!
Hahaha! Who, that was funny!
Great running into you at Swedish/Issaquah today. Thanks for joining us at #SMLUNCH !!
Keep ya feelings to yourself
Omw to work. Watching all that exercise has inspired me to go n get a philly steak n cheese lol
y'all just need to become better pack rats like me haha
MCRmy LV, we are honoring Skye, a girl that got killed because she wore a MCR top, and it dose not matter wat music u listen to, you r U RIP
I don't Live with me & you're Not Me so Please Stfu telling me Pointless shit that makes no fcking sense ! Yu have NO IDEA what I go thru !
My semiannual trip to Whole Foods has proven fruitful as I was able to purvey three bags of groceries for only $77 instead of my usual two.
In all my 21 years of doing radio-you are one of the top people I got the most excited to meet! So glad we became friends!!
I'm told that too sometimes, but what those people don't know is that I judge them for having messy offices.
anywhere but my car. =)
Are you brave enough to sign up?
we should talk...about your job hunt
The Carven Fall collection is all kinds of stunning. Terrific proportions; really graphic ideas. Love.
This month is acoustic ceiling removal month at Mr.D's painting. Great deals and free crown moulding. Look us up @ www.mrdspainting.com
Come on
#IKnowThisOneGirl with the most amazing laugh
I don't go making conversation with any guys. The conversations come to me
tonight NYC vinyl release show @ the Bowery Electric. 7:30pm doors. Free vinyl package with entry!
<<==== boy crazy but EXTREMELY picky!
I didn't even know there was a limit to followers. So, what do u do to be so successful & how long hve u been doing it?
awesome! thank you! if you want to post anything about it on your site feel free to stream anything you'd like...
that is what I am trying to do is make a comeback... I just know it is gonna take a year or so.
- oh yeah. and Glitter sounds entertaining.
Thanks. Not the best way to spend my weekend :0)
great meeting you last night! I hope you help raise money for great causes as well add a great cause to
working a director meeting agenda...for next week
Thanks for the follow. Nice to meet you. I live in Montgomery, AL. My avatar is my deceased Border Collie, Nicholas.
Thanks for today's automotive related audition :-)
hi how have u been
Airport spa is not The Ritz but is worth the $25. After signing bks for 3 days my hands feel great! I wonder can I expense the publisher
i didnt do anything lol.....thats a lie....yea i know i love my job
I don't know dean:'(<\3
Great article. The U.S. government is also paying a lot of attention to tech start ups over here as well.
There is going to be so much Trayvon buzz after the interview Starting Point just had with Zimmerman's friend. So much contradiction
#fridayreads Between Summer's Longing and Winter's End by Persson, listening to Mini shopaholic by Kinsella and Lacuna by Kingsolver
Dwayne Wade is sexy. Yum.
i post the video
If it were not for the last minute nothing would get done!
happy birthday
Thank you for coming and celebrating our anniversary with us! We had a blast and can't thank #ABQ enough for the support these past 2 yrs!
Hoppy Easter! Hope the bunny was good to you!
Another thing, I hope the #Thunder smash the
i love food in general :)
U knw how much I knw my family "loves" me?Is wen my cousin says"why dont u just kill urself already." &my aunt&2 cousin agree.
laying in bed yes lol
Cookies and cream ice cream with warm brownies = breakfast of champions with
Instead of reading.. these kids want to watch a wacka flocka video, I cant.
2nd interview went a lot better, I was able to inject some humor into it, and that helped.
Not dining with me today at lunch? You should consider making a trip to the B+B Deli. Home of the Killer Sandwiches! Old school place!
Also, there is a police siren that has been going off for literally 30 minutes and im trying to sleep. Ugh.
I've been neglecting my twitter.
I'm missing my sister, She's the coolest world-changer ever, and if you don't already, follow her!
do i have the exact price alredy? :)
Yes it is. What would you like to know? Are you at AAM?
see you in Austin!
LOMBARDI TROPHY IS OURS BABY!!!
What is your Friday jam? Right now I am listening to "So Ruff, So Tuff" by Zapp!
She Sells Sanctuary
Thanks for the #roc #wordpress promo!
It is easier to get along with people then to argue with them.....Happy Sunday!.!
My pleasure, and thanks for the shout-out!
Coding over. Conversion submitted for final review. Time to catch up on the DVR with
I'm starting a new band called Boehner and the Debt Ceilings.
That Snuggle bear is creepy..
I hope you like your birthday gift
thank you!!!
agreed. I was lame and went w Entrepreneur mag & social media monthly, ha
gonna hit my limit go follow
dm? for details
I'm wondering if underachievement is due to inappropriate learning experiences?
Peyton you will win an award someday i know you will. I will always love you Pey! Remember that okay?
hey girl
what r u doing this weekend?
Why does the radio suck so bad? -.- haha I find myself listening to oldies 1480 and classical and nothing else.
Lunch with the bro j mack britt and b funny moments
no Bam bought him a twitter collar it hooks up to the computer when he is home alone ;-)
Say hi to her from me!! We have to get together f2f soon!
Yeah I just got a spammy DM from you guys too.
Angela. Put the cookies down. :) I have Jillian michaels yell at me every morning. Ripped in 30, mother fuckkkkaaaa!
Ridiculousness is starting!!!! XD
Music rots when it gets too far from the dance. Poetry atrophies when it gets too far from music.
thank you for all of the RTs! We appreciate the support.
Kind of, but not completely! You slut D; Is boyfriend still on your arm?
i dont hate Georgia .. I dont hate my school eithir ! everything gone get better in Highschool ..
A4: We see this movement creating a smaller cmmnty of forward-thinkers all striving for the same goal inside the larger cmmnty
Probably (finally) seeing Cabin in the Woods tonight! So ridiculously excited, especially for the Fran Kranz!
I will make my cat a twitter right away.
Are you at a strip club?
I will scourge the world of your filth.
The only music I've been listening to today is ! I feel like such a fan! Hahaha
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. -Thich Nhat Hanh
Getting some brownies shipped and then it's time to make some cookie charms. The snowmen are my favorite.
I SO agree with you. Technology is a great tool, but as a parent I am always teaching effective face to face communication.
That I've done, though rarely... however coming out just for the salesperson seems so weird to me.
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Professor read five pages of our reading assignment in class today about Indian God Krishna #mythology way to go teach!
RT : Staff: “Does anyone know what a Federal Marshal is?” Little girl: “Sometimes, Martians turn into aliens.”
In like 2 weeks I'm gonna be lost among all of 's millions of followers.
i just visited google+ again. they're still trying to make this work? and they added cover photos? who do they think they are, facebook?
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http
do good!
Merry Christmas!
Thanks for your support, sis!
Vanessa DeLousa named outstanding student at Family Healthcare Network at
I call people hoe a lot now! Hmm
Was great to meet you Carolyn. Hope to see you again soon.
Haha YAAAAAAAY I'm not the only one haha :D you can be my hometown buddy haha
was here
Getting tweets @ 1 a.m is......amazing<3 haha
The Victory Garden Memorial Day Blitz May 29th: 8am-4pm. Potluck at 7pm -location will be released on Blitz Day. See you there :)
OFFICALLY OFF THE MARKET BY THE ONE AND ONLY AMAZING <3
Yep :) I backed it on Kickstarter
I'll just keep blocking I've better more important stuff to worry about then what all the haters think!
As much as some people try to cover their butts for their outrageous mistakes, they won't be able to completely. I have an IP addy. TRUTH!
Sorry you are sick too. Feel better soon!
The awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" and you're like: ...... I wish.
Did you check out 's music yet? What did you think?
if I put myself in the mail, would u hang me on ur wall?
I'm really cold can sum1 cuddle me :)
Your body can store 8-10 meals in your colon if you aren’t going regularly...that extra waste affects your waistline & your health!
Come find Madison No Fear Dentistry at the Women's Expo this weekend!
So excited for formal tomorrow!
Insomnia, so we meet again... #arch nemesis
has grown up so fast! but I still love him no matter what!!! #BeliebersLovejustin <3
So my husband is licensed to perform marriage ceremonies in Maryland. His religious title: Time Lord.
If you want to be in our music video, email us at with a picture and contact info!
Tonight! 8:30 Mercy Lounge FAREWELL FOR WINTER SHOW!! w/ , , & Parade
Put me on ya back burner when all I did was keep u on my front.. I aint dealing.. Bout to zoom zoom on these ungrateful's...
What's good on tv tonight? I need more shows to record.
Tacos and Guac!! RT : I know it is only 10am but Lunch is already on my mind..... any thoughts?
My amiga Emily told me to tweet about her or she'd have my penis removed by a questionable doctor from Mexico while I'm asleep. Love you..
What's on the other side of the bridge?
Do you remember when you were acting like a bat at the follow you video shoot?
#GoTribe It's only the week 2 of season, but a second strong start from Ubaldo Jimenez / sweep of KC to lift Tribe to 4-4 ...
I'm straight....working hard 4 my finals
Enjoying spending time with our SEC Alumni staff colleagues in Nashville this week. Lots of talk about events, football, & the future.
National Pancake Day and on a Tittie Tuesday, awesome!
Back in Richmond for hopefully the last day of this special session: about to vote on 100+ amendments of Gov. McDonnell to the budget.
My pleasure. I will definitely post more when Big Takeover hits the news stands next month.
you need to stop!! I know what you're doing! -__-
Neutral court, your pik: Mo.St or MU? Just wondering. PS for new music have u tried
what're you up to in NYC Mon? I'm in Bridge w the fam til Tues...
RT : Good morning Twitter.
Doctors make the worst jokes
haha, good one. :-) Really? That's excellent! Coldplay rocks in my book.
Have held off on Sleepless Night on VOD so that I could watch in a theatrical setting. Friday is very close.
Bobby Petrino's next job? The NFL...where lying and cheating are considered strategy.
love the show, watched every episode multiple times, but never live. Usually not home and like fast forwarding commercials
your such a cayutie , follow me ? :)
I think real question with athletic funding is how much athletics kicks back into academics.
You're about 6 blocks and 30 floors away from me right now.
Oh an exciting new short project just came up! And it's gonna be funny.
interactive game design doubles as ethnography of student understanding of college and careers #
Are you receiving heavy rain & thunder this AM? If so, report your location & time. Thanks!
My lucky number is 2012
Yellow Submarine!
Really feel bad for Bulls fans
This fool said "I got goutch" he meant "gout"
Can store 1710 get a shout out from you? We finished 1st in the North Division and 2nd overall in store cup!
SUPERBOWL RT : Hey #Falcons Fans! We're getting ready for the season & have some great things in the works!!
Today is the perfect day to drive to Newnan, GA & play a house concert for Jen & Sabrina! Daytime shows rule!!
Hey , lemme know if you need some blue to borrow.
people should never take the first letter of the title of what the lord is in vain
Had one of our big supporters on kickstarter tel us they discovered #gijoeinitiate through your page. Much appreciated!
Reentry must be understood as a redrawing of the priorities and modalities of the state as a stratifying and classifying agency. Loic JDW
buds!!! our flight was cancelled yesterday so didn't get home til recently and I'm going to St Louis for FF tomorrow. MISS YOU!
Even excluding the horror it precipitated for the Nations, it was far from benign. Yazoo buyers claimed "right of conquest."
Good taste is the enemy of creativity
So tired...and wired. Final night spent around table full of genealogists discussing our stories. Perfect way to end
RT - If Jacksonville's Jaguars are known as the 'Jags' and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the 'Bucs,' what doe...
okay, surely I will be there by then! You're spending the night, correct?
But this game is funny
STIX the CAT sez, "hi Ruth Jones - glad you're out in the world! Meow!! from your friend STIX the CAT
RT Good morning Earthlings... What time is it???
Get to know me time: Love WalMart, getting a job minutes after being fired, the Rocky Mountains always being to the West, Tebow's potential.
We have 4 days till we hear the big news. Who's excited?
LOL it's fine xD I might end up having to make the first move.
Y am I hungry!?
Sad that some HS AD's Would rather hire coach who sees it as an opportunity to just win rather than coach who wants to build character & win
did you find?
RT : Trying a new Google Reader iPhone client "Newsie" and thus far impressed.
That BOB SAGET Compliment Was Nice
go bucks!
Come say hi at Booth 200-201 at the Spokane Home and Garden Show this weekend!
Excited people still waiting on Mall hoping #spottheshuttle will fly over a third time. Pretty cool the first two rounds.
Tim Armstrong on his way to Austin... He can't resist the moment!!! Expect him on stage tonight at Hype Hotel
His name is Head. Dick Head. :( =))
Excited for 's #superPAC training in DC this weekend! Cc
RT Worst part of the Walking Dead is that minute of Comic Book Men I have to watch before I find the remote.
Got tickets to see T.I. in 4 minutes! Are you listening? - Dustin
u still awake cuz i think it might b late where u live
He said I was "false as hell."
Coldwell Banker Legacy @ Cottonwood Mall come by & enter 2 win an iPad2! & if you're curious about ur home's value, let me do a CMA 4 you!
what's the weather like in Atlanta? Do I need a sweater?
Watching talk SUPERGODS on Go get 'em Grant.
what's your name on there?
so #thankful for my trader joes frozen potstickers right now
I let you beat me for you not to want the cookie :o
lol naaa some people be looking at him like "why the fuck are you alive?"
I really dont care about anything anymore .
In Little Rock, watching them Devils!
Yo egg head, keep going ur getting good!!! Lol
It's so nice to have a warmer day here. I'm looking forward to spending more time outside.
Idk if I should start talking to this guy again. My horoscope did say a blast from the past would hit me & turn into romance lol.
Tech students are used to getting those.
Is it so wrong to just want to make music for a living?!
It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving
I missin u too....
I like how they compared you to the giant fish monster in the Men in Black 3 commercial.
good luck...what are you doing for the rest of the day tomorrow?
Oh, I don't like this turn of events..
RT : Do you want to get a few tips on positive discipline? Positive Parenting Course starts in Horsham Wednesday 23rd May...
Great win for my Boston Celtics over Miami tonight. Who says old guys can't play?!
Mini concert going on at park St
NPR is the only reason fiddle music still exists.
I've been gone for like 70 days & no one misses me:(
Then girls will gather an elite force called Wet Seal Team Six who will parachute into Adele's ex's London flat and throw cosmos in his face
WHOOP WHOOP LUNCH BREAK WORK OUT SESSION!!!!!!
Went to the Pride parade with Holland. She danced up a little storm.
Uh weezer just did a cover of kids by mgmt...awesome
Dont ever fly United! #united Thanks and God Bless!
just started the journey to michigan with
New fave song = Scared of Lonely Even though its old
Tonight the JFG program High School is hosting the I&I ceremony recognizing our student leaders & JFG champions/join us pm.
That hand will be punching me.
oh my gosh yes!! That was soo much fun! And I'm gonna do that too and probably take Latin though all of high school too. :p
I wonder how zookeepers feel going from one natural habitat to another after work.
#FF Follow for info on our annual summer event! It's 6/26 and includes a live performance by Dave Navarro and DJ Skribble!
haha really? i must be crazy then cause everytime i watch it i get the urge to go swimming with sharks
Congradulations to Academy Dance from N. Ireland on winning Worlds this year. Nice routine and well executed. Well done!
Pier House in Key West, at the end of Duvall Street, pretty nice bro
Love you too! Have a fantastic weekend!! Hugs
sitting here watching welcome home roscoe jenkins straight rolling
Visit Zoebeats.Com For Some Hott Beats!
I'm on MLB.tv, but I think it's also on MLB Network if you have it.
I'm ready to go right now...give me the green light...we can go all night...
amen. Let us pray
Lovely lunch pow-wow with the fam at #HappyFriday!
Mitt's stumbling on this is VERY weak and defensve. No one is questioning his success, just asking for his tax returns.
#143 I love your account! I seriously can't stop retweeting your tweets! We should definitely talk more! <3
Now up: 's description of the Neatline workshop being offered on April 20 during : bit.ly/w4mcg8
Welcome from Citi! Thank you for being with us today and sharing the 8 cardinal rules for success for business!
Still trying to get through those leads? Use our dialer platform! Contact us at 866-460-6611
Thank you for raining today dear clouds. Rain tomorrow, please?
seven state champions every year? you might as well give everyone that suits up in the fall a damn trophy
Got Rack City in my head! Just love and his lips ! Oh hot dayumm!
Sounds good. We are partners with and Awesome people in CO for mobile and more!
DO ME A FAVOR SAVE DAT SHIT #CHEIFKEEF finna get on a couple beats soon
from downstairs.
No problem! We're big fans of Earthbound, here at gameESC, and even bigger fans of indie developers!
the hut...
no its a might
Why is this strawberry milkshake giving me a tummy ache?? =(
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If someone had legitimacy wrote the article, they would have been smart enough to write it without misleading the audience
They ditched me. I'm sitting in calc alone having a blast actually....
Feel like crying I hate being made a fool out of
Just had a red bull large enough to kill a razorback.
It is a nice label for a couple that does not need or want to get married but still feels more than a bf/gf
Is there a reason why this always happens to me?:/
I'm at hooters with a British kid and the waiter asked if he was Australian. Oh Jesus
lol yea my bad I was busy last night but thanks for thinkin about me
One of those days that makes you think
oh ok coo so I still got a chance then lol
I have a way with words.
girl, I'm so sad that csi Miami is cancelled I don't know what to do :(
I hate it when bitches tell me to calm down.
. founder is in Baltimore this week, and we have some good stuff planned. Tonight: awards at meeting!
RT Exercise Your Way to Healthier Skin RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
Ty u Dora
Dude, really?! Stereotype much?
officially 28 years old...this should be a good year!
No come back there then bruv :L <3
just spilled mountain dew all over myself ...
Fuck but i dont want to see that kid from L.A High -.-
- Hey John, when gonna let that goatee grow into a full-on beard?
thats weak #Mets! Would 3 for 3 do it? Any other combinations than 3 for 5?
RT to win the #liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a "swinked" package from
Thanks for signing up! :-)
Follow me me love you!!
This will be a problem. RT 70 mil will leave labor force in the next 18 year to be replaced by only 40 mil
2 finals down, 2 more to go.
We are located in #lakeview and now open for business 10-7 daily, stop in to have a new food experience in your neighborhood!
ff Venture Capital hiring an analyst - SYS-CON Media (press release) (blog)
Everything and everyone in my life has finally fallen in their perfect place <3
Thank you for the follow, Jeffrey. Lookforward to your tweets.
I would have love to see George Burns with a twitter page!
I'm going to take a guess that it's a or ?
Sure thing!
nothing much you?
Seriously, man. You don't even feel a *little* ashamed when you just make up stuff abt other countries? |
LOL. Sometimes I'd like to do that. My mom's emails, not your mom's. Obviously.
Happy to be a part of Great gathering of those interested in keeping heritage vibrant in our communities.
Dear How high is a motherfucker? Sincerely,
same an at a 3rd graders house lol how old r u
I'm a vodka girl.
more like damn
Spending a nice spring morning at Arlington National Cemetery.
Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX tonight! Show is 8:30-11:30pm. 5 piece band y'all - it's gonna be a hoot!!
Roll on NYE bottom of the hill tickets selling fast...
Am I the only one that kinda finds it odd that Reba wasn't one of the top ten artists of the decade?
"dont hate me cause im pretty" omg wat
"Hey! There's money over here!"
Wow a $102 million in Federal budget cuts today. Excuse me while I pee in the ocean.
With all the crazy rain, sales calls, deliveries, online sales, and home contruction crew, I must say I think today was a damm good day! ...
is posting a new blog entry and linking it to FB and Twitter. (I hope...)
Stosh told me the were in the AL this year. My schedule says different.
Macaroni necklaces gone horribly wrong.
Wow, that would be awesome! Those GATE creatures are cool.
blah blah blah ; shuudduppp
you working on an album/mixtape right now?
Saw horrible bosses it was horrible that's all I can say :/
Well, and I are both officially free agents. No jobs, mortgage, lease or kids. Time to throw darts at the map? #goodbyepgh?
Chris, you can do it now being "Flexible" after Dayton... I really travel... Sydney, Australia! :)
Speed ladder and cones in the a.m.
Yes then I will definitely be checking them out. I already love their clothes even though they are not tall sized. :)
Looking forward to a family shoot with our friends today :)
I agree. I don't think he will be around for the games that actually matter...
Here's hoping for a speedy recovery, Tim! I have been looking for you!
I'm raging Dark Throne in here...it's Awesome
Another great week starting with some huge announcements from Intelen on business projects and initiatives...keeping on to kill em all :-)
Happy #CincoDeMayo ! hope u do somethi g fun (me an my fam always do!)
I feel so sorry for you
$4 Pitchers of Lite over at Libby's Lounge tonight... 1682 N Van Buren
I've got some news: I'm getting a new job on the digital team: XML Database Administrator. So, we'll be looking for a metadata librarian :)
Affiliate Marketing Revenue Streams To Add To Each World wide web Web page
My brother is such a baby...i love him so much
Get it done sir! Bring it home
Fighting with my health insurance company over un-reimbursed medical claims LIKE A BOSS.
RT: Smart Water is irrelevant. The bottles look like bullets and they always overfill it. So when you open it, it's like fuck ...
YUM! That's my favorite. Sounds so good right now! (:
Yup con el loco … RT : We so beachy
wall street
Sure, it would be easier to simply #followback everyone, but I like to give you a shout out while I'm at it!
Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I. Uh-oh! What's poppin tonight?
yes ma'am :D
Tonight on WWW.fccfreeradio.com at 8:15 its on the couch with Dr brian.... Submit your questions now and ill answer them on the air.
Great video!
you already know hard work brings perfect success; oh man , they dont know whats coming.
phone dead still..might got an apt down the street tho..what's good witcha?
Today was hard. Got some discouraging news. But I know God is good! Took a long walk to think and a bath to relax and I'm feeling good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I am 7X7 today.
hey you better wish me a happy birthday saturday, or right now would be good too.
New Goal: take more pictures. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>
2nd office of the day wohoo
nobody cares, so shut up.
go to youtube and look up snotty Stevenson defenders of awesome. Its 4 minutes long
A1. Climbing Cotopaxi with an ice pick in one hand, and a camera in the other! Never felt so hardcore haha :)
Trying to get my hair done and my hairdresser is MIA... Smh!
good to know about full bleed used r1900 in past and was nice but expensive ink.
That doesn't mean you have to think the Heat won't win, but you have to at least realize and recognize the Pacers aren't going down easy
Thanks! That makes us feel all warm and fuzzy inside
damn, that grl feisty!
Wahoo! Sanity is #winning! :-)
I have two rules. My food has to be dead and cooked...and you have to be able to purchase it at the local market.
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
We would like to welcome our newest team members David Beck and Joe Simon!
6 flags tomorrow
Done. Also added a little more variety during these sometimes cloudy days.
Where do you go for solid nutritional advice for your pets? Check out
I hate that I miss you
I don't know the Rays games. Sports? I'm so uncool sometimes. ; )
I KNOW WHAT A ROSEBUSH IS! Oh wow I just thought of something really dirty....... Hahahaha
Chillin wit my broski Kyle Lucas
The Expendables 2 Movie Trailer…with Chuck Norris ...
Hey Elissa ! It's Megan from Matt's concert Friday (: Thanks for the follow !!!<3
17 play 49'er drive for a field goal reminds me of every time I try a new level on Madden game...
With julian :)
where you at?
Nice. Good luck!
Yeah, I should've expected this.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALESSANDRA <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
RT “ I wish money grew from trees.”
I just listened to that video and loved it!
I love this new Kanye. "I Don't Like"
“: Fowler stepped out of Almost Famous. Drummer for Stillwater?” no interest b4 but w/that reference, tuning in
Christianity, if false, is of no importance, &, if true, of infinite importance. Only thing it can't be is moderately important. Lewis
Teachers w iPads:new iPad arrives Fri. Do you have a case you'd recommend? Do you use a keyboard/stylus? Other accessories?
Congrats to David Jurbala on his NYC opportunity!!
RT : WORK & BOUT TO MAKE MAGIC
You too! Thanks for the drive! Looking forward to checking it out!
Will be speaking at The Boys&Girls of Hudson County(Jersey City) today at 5pm. 1 Canal St. Jersey City,NJ
Snow outside. Good time to do some ghostwriting.
These little kids r forcefully recruited into the LRA a.k.a the army.
Outsmarting an opponent is not always hiding your next move from them, but having them convinced they know u enough to know what it will be.
Me and him are going to shot hoes
Check out our new facebook page! We are in the process of adding information so stay tuned!
We hope that each of you has a JOYful and peaceful Thanksgiving Day. Thank you all for the support you have shown us these last 2...
just had a dream I was on lockdown with y'all & we were investigating an underground school
in class (: omg my twitter is unfollow people -.-
Thank you!
Terrible ear infection. feels like someone is stabbing me in the ear. when will these antibiotic drops start working better?
all these games got me antsy for tomorrow!
WARNING: this film MAY contain nudity. Either there is or there isn't, don't waste my time.
another great block - from behind!
Actual fireworks during the song "Firework"
Becks I'm a bit tired of, to be honest but he is still great. Follow Gunners, Bolton (Stu Holden), do like Leeds (damned united!)
Did you take your #BallSoHard gear with you West? Did you like the #Legit shirt? You are the man to wear that.
you did a great job! thanks!
Watching lion king 2 ......... Alone
Christina looked a bit bloated...
Great workout #swimming has been ruined by the awful taking an hour to get me 5 stations down the
thanks for mentioning getclassicalattherosebar- RSVP until april 14th.please come and review to get the launch of the ground?
u can come hang out with me at kirby er and keep me awake
what are you talking about
I have a #desktop #support role in #Philly. #Perm #Banking or #Finance experience is required.
Good morning and Happy Friday to all my tweeps!!
haven't done that since my birthday.. it's been a while. Couldn't do it everyday.
whatchu know about #indiefilm - let us know for a RT!
WHOA. Hardcore Recruiting = signing up 10 new participants for April camp. Oh yeah, we're still taking applications so get yours in ASAP!
My biggest pet peeve is when people who are very very evil are rewarded for their bad behavior. Sad.
TIL you can continue an #OS X installation where it left off if the original installation was halted by a power shortage! Thanks #Apple!
you are hilarious in your videos, been watching them for hours now :D view isn't bad either woo ;)
WHOOP WHOOP! I ran too screaming the battlecry #bikinisummer! I know yah heard me DC, MS, NY
yes, see you Saturday :)
My life will be back to normal once the AP exam is over & I've finished Driver's Ed
let the ignorance begin... i'm actually watching #BBW when it premiers... shocker
It's pretty clear what I've got to do. Although its going to be one of the hardest things ever.
Me too but maybe bc I'm drunk n watching the new Footlose movie.
Does Raw Dog/Sirius air your work?
It's a wrap. Great job, team. This is what healthcare social media is all about: spreading awareness and education.
actually when my sister finally tells me she has a twitter >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
AT LEAST YOU STEAL FROM THE BEST I'LL GIVE YOU THAT
of course im here!
It's a low easier to get subscribers on you tube than followers on twitter.
Cruisin through the caribbean with the fam, be back next week. Have a great new year everybody.
If so-called "officers of the law" enter your home, without a warrant, or probable cause, it is illegal.
hungry as fuck
Haha, that's EXACTLY what I was going to say.
uhh.. yeah. i do have a cell phone. lmao
Thanks for featuring us on your blog! Although we think shortskirtsmakemehappy.com has potential for awesome-ness
You need to tell management they need podcast's for the internet listeners
If you're at Disneyland in Anaheim just stop by the shop on your way home to save on shipping. We are right around the corner!
Colfax Community Network helps homeless families living in Colfax motels
#GlobalWaronZombies unlikely, states would take advantage to advance interests!
my ear hurts
Go to our facebook page to see more of Mr. Wasabi. He is so good!
my arm is starting to get sore
Knowing he can't shoot
I'm so bored
do it. Do you have a shirt and tie for the interview?
RT : #Obama2012slogans: "You want transparency? Fine. I want your money!" Then you'll love www.iwantyourmoney.net!!
Thin line between love and hate, friends and snakes...
Too bad that wasn't an away game. RT : BSB: Schedule update, today's home game against Hawai'i has been rained out.
eye don't know any other team but oregon. That's like me running the 800. Eye can only win with oregon and everyone knows that.
Phone battery running down. Guess it's time to switch to print. Today's reading menu: The Marriage Plot & maybe The Fault in Our Stars.
I hear Monster™ cable works best!
now you know :)
See me lookin pass limit she told me dont be scared now wwoww
hahaha ok do you need any help? :)
because my rich cousin lives there and because you're tweeting from an iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy Hump Day
You know you are in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams <3
would love to intro you to #spreecast. ask about us. DM me if you are interested.
all packed and ready to head out for
Greetings from Albuquerque! Happy Writing!
+ drunk sex
lol Claire is dope for that
RIP Dick Clark. Thanks for keepin us rockin!
I'm considering making Dahvie a bracelet that says Vanity<U+2665> and one that says Monroe<U+2665> haha
RT : #Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez had an MRI today which confirmed a torn ACL in his right knee.
man...he lived a long time! Haha.
RT : Big congrats to Lehigh it must have been logistics that helped with that win!
Very well could be. Hammond mentioned today consistency has been a problem and wants more of it moving forward
We just hit 30 users today. Yes, mostly in SF, but interestingly a couple from the UK as well..
we are blaming you not google! I live here and you said you were going to wait for us. :-)
Love this game.
Working on components for 2 Superbowl campaigns, I am probably going to end up sleeping through the big game.
Get "Jimmy's" right across you're heart... #orsomewhereelse;)
haha--he is your kind of guy! Can't wait to see you soon!
my addiction to tumblr is really bad lol
Amygdala. "Reward center of the brain." "Addiction center," I got that one in an otherwise brilliant book last week...
easily annoyed lol
Bout time miami
Car crash at Alameda & Potomac. Cops in scene.
I hope the Predators have enough offense.I think our goalie is actually better than King Henrik and we have better defense.
20 Reverse Lunges topped with 20 Squat Kicks for today's #9RoundMinute! Let's get after it, #Madison!!
So sorry to hear that. :(
OKC is keepin it alive after their crushing lost in OT last time... gotta love their effort and relentless energy
I want some Applebees
I'm disappointed Wold didn't ask about enforcement of lunar immigration laws.
Happy Holidays y'all! We're back just in time for the New Year!
if someone sees you in public do you mind if they come up to you for pictures or just to meet you?
so excited to go to the Montana Archaeological Society Conference this weekend!!!!!
don't forget to pack a wife...
Bridal fashion show = lots of screaming brides!
Hi Adam. It would be a pleasure to meet with this fall. I'm in! check out www.jamesjmcdonnell.com when you have a minute.
Kobe not playing like it's a game 7
A jolly good forenoon to all of ye as well!!!
your adorable(: thanks for following me
You say you care, but you sure as hell don't show it.
Saved someone $350 today and ran a new home buyers seminar.
get outta my head...
Im planning on going to Santa Fe tomorrow to cover the NM State Legislature, Immigration Day, let me know if you are going as well
That #RNS RT : Today's lesson simple if you don't work you don't eat...class
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I always try toile people happy
Maybe then he'll talk to me about our business instead of hiding.
I set my appointment at 10 why are these people going in front of me? It's 10:30!!
Today is my 2-year Ph.D.iversary! After my dissertation defense I had a migraine and spent an hour disoriented in a P.F.Chang's bathroom.
Found out what 'as hard as a rock' literally means with my rear end
Pelosi et al calling for one of the few dems with any balls to step down because he showed 'em off? Fuck that, cowards. Whip it out Anthony.
SECO 2012 Attendees! Don't forget that a grand cash pize of $10,000 will be awarded to one lucky today in Optometry's Marketplace!
Don't peel your carrots...wash with a vegetable brush and enjoy the flavor and nutrients that are on the outside!
Text.Me.<3
oo... clearly you've never had proper Chinese food RT Controversy is my favourite dish. :-))
As of today I have officially survived 1 year in California without wearing feathers in my hair, becoming vegan, or starting a compost bin.
lol...wow. No sir. Was it bad for you or the other team?
Trust is like an eraser it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
Good morning! Safe travels. I was just thinking that you'd be flying into darkness tonight. See you at 5-ish.
omg. they sound perfect for me: "cheesy and repetitive"
been hearing yall play some ja rule lately a little suprise knowing you always rip him I know you still got love for him.
Having dinner at Macaroni Grill in the OC :)
Don't forget the , the iPhone and a SIGG water bottle to wash down the Sours. May your road trip with go smooth!
Since I didnt sleep a wink on the plane, my sleeping schedule is so messed up right now...up for 48 hrs & counting....
#MentionYourCrush um how about no? Lol.
I need to stop reading this but I can't help myself. It's like the sore tooth you can't stop pushing your tongue against.
Looking forward to it. :>)
quotes have been great. Now how to get more of our cats tweeting by next season?
& : Thanks for the RTs! Were you at #bio2011 this year?
Thanks, Laura. Looking forward...
Amen...Amen!!
This for all the people who called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter. It's all good
Of the 60ish hrs I've been in New Orleans I spent less than 10 sleeping
Fat don't crack
It's supposed to be an amazing one! :-) ... and sexy rumor has it.
Thanks! Congrats on your success! We need stories the MENTALCOACH news email me if you like
Polo to tha floor!!!
Writing in Miami today! It is so nice to wear shorts, a T-shirt and rainbows. I miss warm weather.
Glad to hear you haven't burnt it down yet. When did you want to chat about the management of it?
Very cool. I have one that does that but it's cluttered and hard to read. I'll check it out - hopefully still on sale in AM
Possibly. What time will you be down here? If I can't make it for lunch, I'll try to stop down for a hug. :)
Sometimes you have to be silent to be heard. -Stanislaw Lec
McQueen exhibit at the Met is fantastic but be prepared for crowds and a long line. Thru Aug 7.
8% of battery on a Mac is a lot. Says 22 minutes, omg
today was a great day! (: I want more days like this haha
Lyvie rams into the back of my foot tonight with a kid buggy. Why? She was running from the security camera. What!!!
yeah, that's what it is. ya' got me. salty. jealous. and, you just made that up. that isn't even a "golden rule". "pregnant"
So much to do, so little time !!! Good Morning!
The movie The Grey came out on Blu-Ray and dvd. Its really good. Its suspense and a little horror. Some parts are prettys graphic. I hav ...
I seriously suck at tweeting nowadays.
Thanks for sharing hot lead about Gimme Bar, Looks to be pretty rad.
Besides stiffling heat... one more benefit of being based in AZ... the AZ MSP Show is at top of the USA Tour Schedule page. http://
Create new work! Tell your stories and bring your own unique perspective! Challenge yourself!
Yes, this is forwarded by cloud tools RT : A2: What about collaboration for student team projects?
Living life to the fullest like there's not tomorrow! :)
Just got my new cover flats for The Betrothal! They look beautiful!
Haha very clever! So you've been painting more recently?
awh , that's so cute !
Winking lizard with the family. Good to run into and
Well he came to mines, but I missed him, but I talked to him on the phone. But I was still upset that I didn't meet him.
Friend suggested when overwhelmed w/ cleaning,tasks,etc: give it 14 mins a day as to not be overwhelmed - been doing w/ yoga in am=happy.
worked out with boxing and lots of abs today!
oh haha I was confused
true true-two of the three are done. Now for a brunchy snack at
how come you arent verified?
Over one million new cases of skin cancer diagnosed each year, outnumbering the total number of other cancers combined
. The nastiness implied here is disheartening. This is almost straight out of Mean Girls.
Chances tomorrow folks. Can't wait!!
Heading off to Miller Park in a min. Nerves running high. Seeds and High Life are already on
Irony is Gregg Murphy talking about how well Ty Wiggington is hitting as he strikes out.
4 in a row? Heck ya
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 35
LOV UR ALBUM! ur voice is absolutely amazing + i really hope i cn be as amazing + beautiful inside and out as u when im older
This is interesting, but while it explains the fear of "13" It does not address "Why Fri the 13th?" Why not Sun, Mon ect...
World Famous Ponce will be teaching a FREE ladies Styling workshop at Downtown28/Hollywood. At 9:30p.m.
many thanks, Jenny. What a great night!
shout me out
Getting more and more upset that I am missing 's conference to end factory farming this weekend
We play the catchiest songs in
At Black Male Identity Youth Exhibition and Community Celebration. Amazing event. Youth performances have been incredible.
we r hanging this weekend :) and I am not little
Bobby Brown’s Official Statement Explaining Why He Left Whitney Houston’s Funeral
lmfao "i hate you"
Lol. Its like you were there :-D i was actually told,"Eaddy, you can play with it AFTER we shoot. Now, let's do this. Roll sound!"
me this morning: take the bus in obama traffic or bike in rain? i chose bus in traffic. it's sunny out--i chose poorly.
HA! CompuServe! No, it's one product with a monthly bill. I can't say much more until they book the job, I'll keep you posted
my girl >
Hail and wind stopped our outdoor shoot tomorrow. Making a web series in South Florida.
Love it. I'm glad that's it's been able to get a lot of use to help carry on her story!
that's what's up! Let me know when it's finished so I can support
I would love to snuggle an elephant. No elephants at Philly Zoo -- they sent them to a bigger habitat a couple years ago
how's the event going? Is EMFR there?
Well my road trip begins in 3 2 1 ...
“: Must get out to next time I'm D.C., I'm hearing wonderful things!!!” we look forward to that!!!!!
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Just saw Allen Iverson at Cumberland today.
Why does bread have to be so yummy? No really.. someone tell me!! >_<
they're just trying to do damage control
so did I (re: Bigelow for 30 minutes)
“: Agree? RT #COCivilUnions will hurt children more by creating unstable relationships says Focus on Family” hell no
*a genius idea!
fuck the world!!!!
no clue. But I am bummed.
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment."
My problem with GOOG-hating: they did what we wouldn't, & w/o support, bad legal decisions cld retard dig library 4 long time
Spent the morning in Queens shooting a documentary on affordable housing and the afternoon in BK at Tompkins
Im Sick And Tired To Hide To Mess That I Am .
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant and Castle - Pub (live updates)
Damn the Bulls are getting WORKED by the Nets!!! SMH
Kinda excited about #Oscars this Sunday at 5pm on -- BREAK A LEG!
I'm not exactly sure what Mubarak's speech just meant, but I'm pretty sure he just said he did not have sexual relations with that country
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone catches you looking at them in the rear view mirror.
so cute
hahahahahaha the yolo sign was so dumb.
No such thing as a weekend or a day off! ALWAYS GRINDING
Wings, ribs, cole slaw and baked beans for 10 people ONLY $69.95. Order while you still can!
blah, I completely agree.. I finished last Thursday. I miss my family, but it sucks here so bad..
lol I know :#
Harbaugh: "I called (Bill Belichick) to remind him of my respect for him."
Excited about the spring weather? It's almost sun dress time!
Emory University Doc Monica Walker: Marry scientific and faith communities, where pastors are informed.
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck coming up now to talk about the Comeback Rockies....Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
Ha! RT : great show. Let me know when Delapena gets that 911 Carrera.
The current strategy is showing no indications of a credible path to success, so you're setting up a false dichotomy.
1 you send off
Does the word "tweet" look weird to anyone else now?
The sushi was good, not spectacular. Waiting 1hr 15min to get it... Unacceptable
Where's the raw video of bellydancing?
no. I'm tired
diamond if there is any justice
Nope. Chicken biryani, fish curry w/t mustard sauce, goat curry w/t onion & garlic sauce amongst other things.:-)
Hey, #followers: make with the questions. Its Mon. and Ive got 3 days of wisdom to burn off or my body digests it.
It's hard not to treat politics like the movie you missed the beginning off.
PUAHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA I'm done with you! I'm dead (<U+2312>-<U+2312>; )
Hanging out with my second family :)
Exciting addition to the Nicole CHarles & Associates team going to be announced soon! Stay tuned....
It's an amazing beautiful thing the power of fam!!! B blessed.n believe iit!!
Lol she's the man is the best movie ever
#WeAreNotCoolBecause you are a lying bitch
readin iconic love and stole my heart im addicted to ur storys
<<<: Me n royal are like blood man ha that's my nigha fareal>>>
Help me, stop my tears, and I will sing your goodness. Lord, give me words and I will shout your praise
Making a horror movie?? Count me in.... Am I hot enough for it?
Jason Everett discussing SOPA/CISPA/ Patent Reform and IP/tech issues that affect our community.
Great news on $BION with Contreras appointment Pres. International Oper. He was Vice-minister of Energy and Hydrocarbons!!!
pretty sure I left my chair in ya mama's car
Hypnosis. Does It Work? We put it to test. Find out what happens tonight and tomorrow at 10pm on WAND.
Lawyers make sure you renew your domain names for more then 5 years at a time, do not forget to renew!
RT : yes i think the high speed straights w/ hard braking & passing zone surrounded by grand stands this will be an exciting track
you will ;)
beautiful day outside
but yo boy is still gunna be there!!!! If JB was anywhere remotely in my area, I'd be there!
Mars Curiosity was my first non-human spaceflight launch. #MSL Still very emotional. I'm privileged to be so close to greatness.
I feel like an old person
I can't stand Kenyon Martin bitch ass
Thanks! You too.
you were completing my half-finished thoughts today... Amazing!!
Son of a Beach! My DVR is full
Time for work :) thank his For people and their weak immune systems of else I wouldn't have a Job ;)
and I'll savor every moment of this
Have a good one!
#doomsdayplaylist Any Old Iron by HarryChampion &
iPad my mum let me use it for a lil ....
hahaha i know.. well you are talented so you'll go far. (:
It was one of the stranger realizations I've had in life. Happened a few months after she dumped my via text.
Stand-By Alert !! Dark Horse (Closing Night) -- Sunday
way to unveil July 2012!
Please give a shout out to > ! She is an actress and singer ! Plz follow her !
I'm trying to watch New Girl and he's playing some gay ass song. -__-
RT I hate texting people first. I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
me too! I'm so happy!!!
The best service provider Is getting the iPhone. Verizon will be announcing the apple contract on tuesday.ps- AT&T is considered the worst.
Wonder how many who ran Petersen this weekend will show up at tonight's group run in Forest Park?
thankful for YOU!!
THE IMPOSTER examines the subjective "truth" in documentary format. The woman next to me couldn't stop gasping, rightly. See it!
We pulled some strings and IWYM will be showing in the CPAC theater on Saturday morning! :)
Phew....having 2 craft shows on the SAME day is STRESSFUL! Glad that's over!
concert this Saturday at Revolution Live! :D
Hanging out at the Royals Game. Thank goodness I'm in a suite cause it's cold and baseball is pretty Boring. Well it's just not my thing.
Just found on twitter. Day=made.
gosh, i love my life <U+2665> :)
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
its like a month since our bdays...
I used #wallwisher with my higher ed students last semester and had consistent trouble with access on a browser.
reminds us of an important detail: your Twitter favorites are public. So, be mindful.
The man sitting next to me at Starbucks looks almost EXACTLY like Steve Jobs, from the hair to the faux-black turtleneck. Except for his PC.
I was finding great pleasure in painting this cabinet and blaring metal with my windows open... and then Pandora tried to sell me a Jeep.
Some Nerve!
Everyone Deserves A Happy Ending, If it isn't happy then, it hasn't ended yet. <U+2665> -J.K Rowling
that's a question for . i vote 'YES'. we already have something for 4/14...other dates?
We are scheduled for a site visit for a CDC HIV Prevention grant. That's a step closer to winning the grant - it's exciting for us!
Looking forward to listening to the new Flobots release on 3/16/10. Any pre-release buzz?
Making choices and free will are what make this country great!
i read your bio and thought you might like us. :-)
I wish I was rich and give every thing to the poor and the one that need it!!
So I found myself staring at this girls boobs and she looks at me and we make eye contact and I awkwardly look away
The Old Man and the Seagrams
We have cable but he doesn't watch more than an hour per week per his choice. Just hates being different than other kids.
is traveling to Deer Valley for opening ski weekend and is checking 18 bottles of wine!!! Now that's a true #winelover!!
Obama on past Barnard Commencement speakers: "You set a pretty high bar: Hillary Clinton, Meryl Streep, Sheryl Sandberg."
Graciela Perez-Grillo: the First Lady of Latin Jazz passed away this morning.
Aw, you are more though c:
Who has Tumblr? How do you like it? How often do you visit? Should we be tumbling around too? Discuss.
Fun show March 10th - New Frontier #Tacoma 21+
Consistent persistence can be misunderstood. What impression are you making with constant doggedness?
Where there's SMOKE there's Liars. HA HHA
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself. S<U+FFFD>ren Kierkegaard
I would text you back .
yeah offensive line is a better argument but they still have EDS, and sherrod as legit backups.
If your company experienced growth from 2007-2009 and an increase in sales from 2008-2009, nominate yourself or client now for Philly 100!
RT Lack of expression causes depression. Get out there and start giving!
IN Quotes: "If you don't Ask, the answer is 'no' anyway, by default."
YOU ARE THE
You guys know that's a COLDPLAY album, right?
Good morning world. Time to get working on some music. Coffee and a guitar.
what about u ?
We found gloves in a hopeless place.
Happy Mother's Day!
U.S. Dem Rep Norm Dicks retiring. Announced today. Says he wants to change gears, enjoy life (...at a different pace.)
It already sucks
you know it.(;
Our website contact page got messed up, so if you've tried to contact us & we haven't responded, please try again. Sorry bout that! /te
I wanna go to xs
thanks it could have been better because she leave an ingredient out that my grandmother puts in it.
oh! They are from fort worth, you should check em out! Very good stuff! Kinda similar to our sound with piano!
Woke up today at 3:30pm, definitely jet-lagged...
does "Lin-Melo Chemistry" count toward the science requirement for humanities majors?
Editing ,that's the part that sucks , takes the time to get it right! Lol!
Sometimes... most of the time, it's hard being an A's fan...
I think in general I can be very specific
Been playing with a kite for an hour. Meanwhile, a 15 min McDonald's trip has taken my grandparents 2 hours And I'm getting hungry.
starting the morning and afternoon off at only to go straight to for the evening... I love 12 hour days like these.
New play list at work!!! Good job :) its better than the last playlist!!
"Hologram Michael May Join Jackson Brothers on Tour" <--ah, the sweet scent of eau de desperation and exploitation
you are quite welcome!
#WRESTLEMANIA28 that is some baby back bullshyt #TeamTeddy should of won
Thank you for that #shoutout!
Trying to wind down and get to sleep. Where is sandman when u need him?
Let's do it! RT : RT : Would anyone be up for somewhat regular #createbmore twitter chats with hashtags?
Thanks for the Mother's Day greeting! Have a great week :o)
what cultural event are you going o his weekend?
Lol, Will keep that in mind.
Today makes it 2 years since Michael J. Jackson died when he was drugged by his Doctor in his L.A Home he will forever be miss
never thought life could be this sweet, got me smiling from cheek to cheek
#waystogetwomenmad : Telling her to"Calm down" .
' It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire. '
thanks for coming in and being a loyal customer for more than seven years....wow. We love you and your firm!
Do not forget to stop by LUCI and enjoy great savings on all of new Spring Merchandise. Our Store is looking Marvelous!
Eve was on noahs arch in the V.I.P section! Ahahaha
no please..
Mosaic - Des Peres opens today at 5pm. Reservations may be made via Opentable, our website or call 314-394-2323. Thank you!!!
that's what I thought.
If you're TIRED of stupid love tweets & quotes , follow ™. She tweets real interesting shit you can relate too.
Testimonial: I just wanted to say I recd your thank you gift. It was a pleasure ordering from you guys and the products were great.
My Jimmy Johns is taking far too long.
Lots of upheaval for Washington Capitals today--Hunter not returning, Semin going FA. Most surprising? Level of venom toward Ovechkin.
Girls with asses like mine don’t talk to guys with faces like yours
BYU athletics lives to disappoint its fans. I feel sorry for that fan base.
Thanks for the RT! Check out cannaphonic.com
Boom Boom poww (;
Aye all my followers I love yall
Hey thanks for following me :)
Lol i bet. I need some RT : looking for the money lol
Oh yeah! So do the receivers, they have like 4 dropped balls!
New Video Coming Soon
I've spent my high school life working over partying & hanging out, and my parents think I'm a wild child. lololol, y'all are ignorant.
So #AgentDLV was so excited, he decided we should have 5 lucky winners! Congrats ! DMs!
sounds amazing!!
Just got home
do you dance?
Playing @ Crossroads in Fredericksburg tonight! 9pm. Got the big band - it's gonna be a ball - see ya there!
Our fabulous intern's blog post (Q&A) will be up tomorrow. Make sure to check it out and say hi.
No Cesc, Pique or Sanchez in the starting lineup.
Puts a girl on the spot!!! ;)
I wanna see the lucky one! Anyone wanna go (;
*shrugs.. Lies you tell..
is that your puppy? Dang- she grew up.
I'm so indecisive. I can't pick an all time. Haha. Right now, its Mororcycle driveby.
: ;A; That suckkssss
...yes when she was singing about "her" Jesus..Jaz said wow that's a powerful God!
I made a mistake. I feel awful. This would be better if we met IRL. Hopefully, you'll forgive me and we'll meet sometime.
thanks--we hope you find it useful
to that guy wearing the Tshirt to Baconfest. Like the movie PCU----don't be that guy!!
#Pacers #Boombaby #loudcrowd should be fun!
Wins Above Replacement~ RT So if half my followers love me and half hate me who is right ,I think we have a war about to begin
interesting resource, but this is for a location-based editorial feature for #Scoutmob. Quality local places locals luv ;-)
Last day in the Vox office and I'm making last-minute changes to this week's feature.
Spending the day at the BBC with London Business School's Media Club.
really... then someone should give that same instruction.
Yes and those who are willing to undergo self sacrifice for the other may discover the realization of ones own true nature.
By the age of 5, a child should have 60 books
Aughh , and she know I really want one too v.v
i miss my baby :/
oh boy I know a few people from Birmingham!
I know to much I will stay out of this one ;)
...lol....no that was my girl Michelle. What's up w/ ya baby!
Gonna take a nap.
Did you look in the window?
It's #marchmadness time again!! Was having withdraws all week
what's good
I've also seen a few Rickrolling term papers that worked on the same principle.
Love it when companies help the arts! InterContinental Milwaukee partnering with UPAF on Gallery Nite April 17. More on Facebook..
Finished my book this morning. I'm telling you, getting up at four has really made a difference!
Interesting article and sobering information as costs keep increasing across highered. Unrestricted donor dollars are critical.
why does everyone hate me
Mayweather just lost his Black Card for that entrance.....
Facebook Timeline Provides 46% Lift in Brand Page Engagement [STUDY]
Wow April fools day is annoying already. That sure didn't take long...
- saying MWP murdered Harden? SO not funny. Grow up. The Thunder could teach your Lakers a thing or 500 about CLASS.
That just freaking made my day!! i always see her flirting with a lady at school too
Ya cannot wait to work black Friday !2-close heck yeah I'm pumped ! Dissapointed thoe I can't see of mice & men tomorrow thoe ...
miss your face!
Pretty insane
so whats manchester looking like with the new winnerS. are utd being sore losers?
RT : Watch Your Back Because No One Else Will
Never making a sandwich again.
Welcome and thanks to my newest followers!
Himilayian House or the new place in the shopping center?
Tanning relaxes me, I love it.
@ The Texas Medical Center
had a great weekend with family at Glacier Canyon Lodge! Thank you!!
I had a sick thought what if Harry went after Pattie and Harry became Justin's dad ....... omg
Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas both graduate from #Kentucky, according to school.
Today's pick for the Latina that exemplifies The #LatinaEffect. A Latina making a positive effect in our community....
seems like it never gets paid off…………….
Big dream is gonna to be at the Broadway comedy club 318 west 53st on Broadway nyc 700pm please cum c me perform
To be is to do and To do is to be....so Do Be Do Be Do
After 3 years in west Texas I have a deep rooted hatred for wind now.
I love being #hyper !!!!
I have a new found love for mushrooms =)
is that even a question??? Of course we will!
12 days till my 1st exam left. OMG
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Digitizing old stuff: first stop: copyright issues - Mary Minow
Back on my 90 Day Challenge ... played Raquetball (won21-16) and then weights in the gym! Ready for a shake!!! Thank goodness for NEURO!
Rock n Roll exists in Canada!? I Thought it was all mapple syrup and bacon? j/k :) I love Canada
I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
oh guys, I know I'm attractive. But you'll need to control yourselves
haha...man why do I love you...oh yeah! Cause I have to..
"But you're not mine to die for anymore, so I must live." --Japandroids, "The House That Heaven Built"
is life worth living without love?
I will never understand how someone can be naive. Well beyond naive.
Preach it!
*waves hello to new follower - Jorge!*
sending my late congrats!
No, 89,000 RSVPed before the morning of Jan 25 on the Event. I have timestamp. My view: *Initial* protest was catalyzed by FB.
Hello to all DYNPR new followers!!!!!
To good to be true.
PLEASE FOLLOW NOW .... DO IT
When you start affecting lives, you have more of a responsibility. You are no longer doing it for you.
no problem! glad you had a good turnout!
Well we're in the Ls..
I change my mind a little to quick ;p
“Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished.” – Leslie Nielsen
No! But I always do it the wrong way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sounds like two MVPs will be at Miller Park tomorrow
2011.09.06 #Cardinals 4 #Brewers 2 | Gallardo can't win / when facing Cardinal red / Zach tries tomorrow.
What oomf said to me today got me thinkinn.. smh
U hitting Exec program tomorrow?
my mom is going to buy vans. what is wrong with this world..
definitely not. I've seen beautiful darkskin girls before. The fuck?
im trying to be positive. i appreciate the good vibes.
i love you!
Drank two cups of tea this morning and feeling extra caffeinated. Dandelions, here I come!
WOW, you've been missed! So busy but starting to dig out finally! =D
m he hurt his leg like 2 weeks ago and idk he's been getting skinnier after that
what's up you can hmu
Need more followers !!!
I would say there are things as important as the screenplay.
Almost tweeted: I decided not to graduate this year! Staying at BU for a 4th yr :) as an April Fools joke but then realized thats not funny
shyt a few of mine do
This Dallas Cowboys season already has the feel of 07. Alot of close wins mixed with alot of drama.
why doesn't he understand:/ done. ever heard of affection:)
true! Cuz she was about that age smh lol
You and are two of the ppl it seems to knock off my following list most often actually.
when in doubt...work out!
That includes e-format "alternative formats" at the Supreme Court to accommodate Autism Spectrum disabilities
I just pre ordered
I was going to ask if you'd read The Names but then read your post. Good choice for your trip.
Thank you! I was and am in the cleanup process. :(
Hi D.J. thanks for following Better Wine Guide!
11 rounds left to victory. Set goals...Accomplish your mission.
make that like 300!
Cooperative Governance Panel now underway at #NASHCO Conference
Thanks for the mention
NCAA's 1st round #Cuse vs. #Duke let's go orange
Good Morning... "Happy Sunday" ~~ FUNDAY ~~
We're the ONLY courier & messenger that's 100% compliant with the current requirement under 29 CFR & 49 CFR for both OSHA & HIPAA
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Memory loss is that much of an issue for him?
I HATE THIS COMPUTER ITS NOT LETTING ME WATCH RAPFIX LIVE OMG
“: thanks for following” anytime for a sexy lady
Sometimes you just gotta have a little bit of......
Lord you are my source and my strength. I will glorify you with my whole life all my days! I love you father!<3
that sounds pretty reasonable to me; how about music for the apocalypse?
#Fitness Looking for new gym shoes? Ditch running shoes & get more from your training w/ minimalist shoes. Improves stability, leg strength
RT : Just went to and got my hair cut. Had to show the lady a picture on her wall to prove I raced cars. Pretty funny
Why is there a life jacket in my math class?..
The clock is ticking! McBob's wants you! Get 50% off pub fare on www.crowdclick.com!
thanks for the shoutout allison! you're awesome!
Please don't .__.
Adam Dunn is tied with Ken Griffey Jr and Frank Robinson for most career HR's on Opening Day.
#Blastoffnetwork just added jetBlue to the mall with 2% cash back!
I have a lot of explaining to do about my weekend to some people lls ,
New Pew report points to fewer Americans seeing solid evidence of climate change...even as science becomes stronger. Go figure.
Even the super spy Pill Pocket don't work?
girls are like stars there are millions of them out there but only one can make your dreams come true <U+2665>
Woah! Just finished taking a shower and I got 87 new tweets!
love u KD
Just saw some drug dealers near my school. Listening to Taylor Swift and I feel like I'm walking in a movie.
You've got that right. That was some game!
I'M THERE! BK® is giving you a gift this holiday. From 12/9 -12/11, buy one WHOPPER® sandwich, get one WHOPPER® sandwich free.
What does a good (credible) ad look like? Real sponsors add credibility; auto-placement ads are mere money-making ops.
no it isn't. lol. Thanks anyway !
I'm eating with my parents now I'll let you know when I'm back
Make the time! Join me TODAY for a call with #Momentis that cannot be missed! Dial in 1-877-764-8713. Use PIN: 124807# at 1:00pm EST
Aww, thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed it.
yep here in the sunny ATX with the crew! How are you liking? I think you know my buddy too.
Thanks Veronicka! Happy Post-Valentines Day now! “: Happy Valentine's Day!<3”
ok jus got home from work about 2 go 2 sleep. How was ur day dude...lol
Shopping then sleepover with Emily and Peyton. Gonna be a fun day! So so so excited! (:
His concert is after school.
"damn these pussy niggaz , putting money on my head / go on and get ya refund ma fucka , I ain't dead"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I guess #FortWayne didn't have the #Baals. They named the building #CitizensSquare ... lame!
Listen to Beautiful Soul yesterday and bawled.
Beautiful day off!
RT : Powell Library is probably my favorite library here. It's nice to take a nap in. (( _ _ ))..z
Pryor marching Buckeyes back down the field. Is an offensive shootout approaching?
RT : #140cuse countdown: 14 days! Aka 2 little weeks. ----> can't wait to be part of this great event!
Need some one from Ohio for my internet business!!
Daftpunk helped me get through most of the late night study sessions during my undergraduate years.
The painting: a little girl in a blue skirt holding a beach ball over her head. Thanks, Syndicated TV Hive Mind!
Last morning before out of town work trip. Cramming 36 hours of work, packing and prep into 12 hours will be a hoot!
Per usual, killed it last night.
#illustrators, what are your best hints for getting spot illo work? (Thanks from a newbie.)
So iWasted my damn money on a battery that doesnt work for this DUMB ASS PHONE.!!! I WILL BE AT VERIZON ON WEDNESDAY, IM SICK OF THIS SHIT
I've gone two blocks in 40 min. Only have two more blocks to go. Then a cop closes the road and tells every to turn around. FML
According to Marx, "communism" is a classless, stateless society. Anarcho-communism. Lenin & others changed that.
You should wish "Am ppl r as stupid as U! " The Potus is in a higher CLASS than U. We don't appreciate your cheap comments.
I remember when every #snl skit wasn't a parody of a dumb TV show.
Lee Valley Tools is not for the easily intimidated shopper: Storegazing - Toronto Star
My friends are perrrfff. <3 I love them.
Who is this??
Zen master say. What chafes today, stings in shower tomorrow.
Opry Mills Mall reopened about 6 months ago. Opry Land Hotel was pretty impressive. Giant glass roof area was beautiful.
": Hey Arnold and Doug are the two greatest cartoons ever made." You are CLEARLY way too young.
It's still in LA, just a different apartment
just keeping busy :) sorta. Miss you!
Pics, pics, pics. About to post more pics! Did you get any pics of the band on tour? Post them here!
Visit www.johnbaptistrecords.com now to RSVP for #FREE ADMISSION to my benefit #concert for #Egypt ...
Thank you for a wonderful lunchtime program today and ! The healthy plate cook-off was fun, nutritious, and delicious.
Tonight, Pancho and I were comrades. However, this weekend shall divide us as enemies! Liverpool vs Chelsea
Agreed. Somehow your first tweet brought to mind the horrible example of the Challenger, which is why I mentioned risk/cost
Chocolate cake at work for the win ! :D
I wish he would text me back -.-
all day everyday!
“: When you run up against a wall, don't look down and curse. Look up and reach for an even higher, even better possibility.”
Sun came out at Kingmans Bluegrass Fest. Music, Beer, scrumptious Ficelles & Nature = PERFECT plan 4 a SATURDAY
your icon. *--* omg. <33333333
All of the iPhone's in my office on AT&T are unable to make any calls right now! Anyone else willing to test and see if their phone works?
If I'm to believe Romney is caring, sensitive, & our next president...means I also should say that you're slightly mature
that is the dumbest, most backasswards illogic I have ever heard. Impossible 2 correlate his play to his death...
Let's start a rumor that MTV is doing a hiphopera version of Death in Venice w Usher as Gustav & Justin Biebz as Tadzio (cc )
I am going to be rusty, but I am stoked for my first rec league volleyball game of the season tonight!
I still couldnt do it..I'd get fired
well hello JENNIFER it's nice to see you again
Home from Manhattan but there is no rest for the weary...Off to Rehearsal in Easthampton!!!
Seriously great coffee..who needs starbucks when they have
Grocery shopping, apartment cleaning and Zoolander with the roommates. This calls for 1 thing and 1 thing only: ORANGE MOCHA FRAPPUCCINOS!
I still need that sushi! ;)
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.
#Fridayreads GARDENS OF WATER by Alan Drew. Poignant cross-cultural teen love story set in aftermath of Istanbul earthquake.
Really? RT : #Sagittarius greatest fear is marriage.
Agreed! Pageant women are brave and strong enough to handle it tho! #PageantGirlAtHeart <3
Naa I Been Calling But... No Answer.
Cast all your care on Him; for He cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7
TCU is up on UNM... 41 - 0. And it's only half time.
yep. Me too. I love horror movies too.
Grandbabies are so sweet....
We are very grateful for the support of our generous #tnla12 sponsors: , , , ... (1/2)
hair takes forever
I consider you a very vile person with nothing important to say. Get off my site!!!!!
Bruce is holding Munchkins! And meeting, not party. It just happened to occur outdoors while the space shuttle flew overhead...
I will just asking I'm I human or Vampire on the site
Goal of the Day: Stuff happens each day. Listen to one news podcast (use a phone or ipod) each day. 5 mins. on your commute and you're done!
“: Can't wait for tomorrow!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” i hope it gets pushed back haha
Just got into a near fist fight over the appropriate usage of semicolons. It felt good!
You've already won me over in spite of me. And don't be alarmed if I fall head over feet.
On my #ATL turning #dreamsintoreality. Can't wait to see the Fam!
#SantaFe #economy on the mend? 2011 Sept. lodgers taxes up 10% over 2010. Gross receipts taxes up 5.6% over last year
We have Ohio distribution! I'd be happy to send you our wine list and dist. contact. Please email me:
cater, cater, cater the resume for each job. Use course specific projects, work studies, etc to your advantage
you get paid for this
Eating burgers while watching the vow and ending it with chocolate dipped strawberries. Well think tonight is lovely. c: Happy mothers day!
Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." Mark 9:23
#Drank Bitch wrr my Ace
OK students, here's the deal: When you're writing an obituary, the fact that the person died should probably be in the lead.
Just another reason to LOVE the #Bruins...just played - the rock show at #TheGarden!
Cousin day (: <3
My thanks to all the people following me. I hope you'll visit my web pages to see if books I write are to your likiing. www.lindaswift.net
All in a Day's Work: Today, I'll work with a client on a plan to increase organic rankings using social media.
on a side note, I'm headed to Kilimanjaro in a few months, you still going there this summer?
On my way to my small hometown in Missouri to finally see my amazing family and friends again!! :)
Reminder about our show at the Rogue tomorrow, lots of free Light Rail Posters and CDs to give away!
What the crap.
' Tim Duncan or Blake Griffin?' - Tim Duncan
Cute Profile Pic!. :)
a wedding
Going out ttyl twitter
Can't wait to see you there!
records here in Tucson also.
I Love that movie
#IAlwaysWonderIf he smiles at my text like I smile at his..<3
Who should we have perform at our upcoming 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival?
Searching 4 paper docs consumes time. 15% of docs are "out of file" or misplaced; 7.5% lost. 30% of the work day lost searching for files.
Make sure you follow check the interviews on #mke artists
Nice meeting you too!!!!!
The way one single person was so powerful in the way to manipulate people, amazing.
Romans 10:13: Whoever calls on the name of the LORD shall be saved.
Did you know Naughton's installs Air Conditioning, Evaporative Cooling, Heating, Electrical, Water Heaters & Plumbing Fixtures.
awesome news!!
I never thought I would know anyone so adorable that if he threw up in my face I wouldn't mind.
i think i just puked laughing.
Hey Tyler, we can print those for you, just send an e-mail to and he can fill you in.
What we think will make or break us...
At work missing the game...Damn!
no problem!
hmm - I'd volunteer to haul my Weber over to Holliday if it's allowed; can help pay for BR rental too
It's funny when people ask "how was your new year?" I know what they mean but come on, we're only 3 days into 2012...
I dislike them both equally these days.
Anytime buddy...more trax on the way RT : thanks man , ur tracks are going to rock it ..thanks for the hook up ..NBL
oh yeah perfect for la playaaa, lol wish I didn't have to work
You should check out the roller derby :)
I hate voicemails...how hard is it to hang up before the beep???
Since working at Lowe's I have lost about 15 lbs, gained some muscle, my stomach is flat now. Things are looking up.
awee thanks that means alot c:
Coming back RT : Cobb dropped ball and Giants have the ball. HUGE. Packers are 3-1 when they don't win the T/O margin.
We've got a great CRE Research Platform that's currently in its first round of beta testing. We'd love to chat.
i hate texting people first cause i feel like i'm being annoying ):
haha it's cute
Houghton on library administrator's problem: after a while, staff ignores your entreaties - get outside person to enlighten
I always thought including the logos on print/tv/outdoor pieces is a waste of time and showed lack of understanding maybe i'm wrong
Get on our guest list for SULTAN at Vanity tomorrow night and you'll receive COMP ENTRY & OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm! rsvp:
How about The Man Within My Head by Pico Iyer or Motherless Brooklyn by #stayhomereadball Chair Jonathan Lethem?
we also come to the problem of defining productivity.
Its fixed! Reopening at 4:15. Thanks everyone!
Woke up this morning blanket off snow outside
i think so. but i am biased (i wrote the older version a few years ago and the new version a few months ago) :)
Are we Really That #brilliant?: RCA Television Remote Control: "Not Dishwasher Safe"
I've always been a little confused as to what constitutes being too small (seriously, not trying to be a dick).
Tried getting tickets to the S.C. Final in Boston? You won't believe what people are paying in Vancouver. Story at 5:30 on
Damn Skippy. Its my last day.
get on oovoo
part of Titans Minor League hockey team in NJ. We are a huge fan. Would love to have you come out to a game!
I was just talking about porn...Behind the Green Door.
yes ma'am
thank godness for our local Altitude station. Don't have to listen to the TNT aholes :)
Did you bring your drums to Thunder Alley?
Keeping it real in the trader joes parking lot in portland
year(from here) & back to politics pls
More Baby Boomers donate AND volunteer (41% ) than just donate (32% )
Don't ignore gums that bleed when you brush or floss or changes in the way your teeth fit together when you bite.
free agent player
Shut up
Amateurs hope, professionals work. Kanin, Garson
Aww shucks, thanks! ()
Yay!!!! Michael Egnew drafted by Miami Dolphins!!!!
at the Pet Show at Dulles Expo Center, some great impressive exhibits!
i do :p please follow i love yoou! Fan from beginning to end<3 #alexfollowme !
If I gaze in the mirror & say "Completed #SAA2012 Session Proposal" 13 times, will it be summoned? Will I be able to snap a photo?
Thanks for the #ff last week!
Sent it
Is so unbelievably excited for #centrikid I can't wait to be an adult counselor and spend a week with some great kids from Hickman
I need a female to make it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> on me
In 3 days none of [this] will matter.
oh hells no.it just annoys me. lol
I feel inferior to know that has more followers than me:(.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
of course I would think of you! You made one of my favorite people in the world :) glad you had a great day!
My boredom at the moment is overwhelming :P aha
Awesome show last night !!!
Good luck to all the teams that have been named to #ncaalax championships bracket
6:15 the first lady goes on.
we are voting you brova....
teens will love Tales of the Weird: Unbelievable True Stories #aapindie Fish with a see through head & more
Let the dancing begin......
ANCHOR ATLANTIC is at Girl's Night Out tonight from 7:30-11:30 pm. Dress to impress ladies!
Lunch meat is the WORST
Nice, we love a little E.U.
I love food. I love to eat. I LOVE IT! That is all.....
Scot Lehigh: Mitt Romney is leaning into a left jab by calling Barack Obama "out of touch"
TEN SECONDS! So much time.
I'm thinking more like a psychologist. People understand things better in the context of a logical story. Agree about facts.
Cue crying City fans
We are the Champions...My Friends!! Go Giants
RT : Whats your sisters twitter page?
What is your favorite Spring Salad?
Well done! You can come back now. Hope Beaver held up? RT I bloody did it! 2 weeks trekking to Everest Base Camp and back!
First night of Assessing Info Needs with tonight.
the LA one from last night? Good shit
do u want a s/o?
Summer's here. Windows are open so we can ALL hear various kids crying, dogs whining and private conversations. Let the good times roll.
Listening to Teri Gross summarize a New Yorker article, which excerpted a book, which summarized academic literature.
Bartini's in Cincy closed?!? Oh no!!!!
No. But Stephen is singing a chorus on a new song. It's Fred/Astrolabe. He's remixed us a couple of times in the past. Very housey
I did! It was good you guys did an awesome job! Cheryl harmony Megan and rexanna did a really good job with you guys :)
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite video on YouTube ?
Oh, and leek, too. The leeks an butternut squash were from the garden, now perished.
Yesterday, I attended perhaps the best presentation on the fascinating subject of boimimicry and biophyllia at the SD Zoo by Bill Browning.
RT : Church, breakfast & my #49ers nice way to spend the day & celebrate my birthday :]
nothing much hun, up working on music! trying to stay productive. What about you?
This year I am thankful that Bin Laden is dead and I that I only have to put up with Obama for 13 more months. Thank you God.
+1 to Where in the World Map
Third day of Biz Kid$ Camp & the kids are selling lemonade down at city hall!
How fun I saw all of your amazing pictures on FB:)! We miss you and are here waiting for you for when you are ready.....xo
Should gave a great weekend with my bud
Bout time I get an instagram...I can be cool now like the iPhone kidds
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
learning is ALWAYS mobile! It's about seeing content in the real world which means hitting a moving target w/ ideas & participation
It's official, I'll be driving from Seattle to Milwaukee to see at #summerfest in June!
Wha?? I am surprised!
lets all #STANDTOGEHTER with and #DefeatTheLabel. mabe me cry today. its hard! ive been bullied since kindergarden
Today our education folks will host more than 100 students from MacArthur HS at Mission Reach Phase I for a REWIND program.
m? wtf mtv movie awards ??
How to climb the gov ladder: get the donuts, take minutes (volunteer!), 12-14hr days, travel, late night papers
been way too long...good to see your face!
yepp! Im glad you got to see them : ). We are excited to play with them some more in the spring!
today was awesome
My former mother-in-law poured vinegar in my tea one night when I was out of the kitchen.
25% of what?
Sitting outside Ken's Artisan Pizza with our beverages waiting for a table and yummy pizzas.
Day four!
#musicians #bands #artists Check out Http://www.dagnomusic.com today! Sell your music ! Keep your money!
Both excellent,just different,enjoy them both...
what photo did you see? Anybody with those GT photos? I miss all GT crew, love or w'tever Rev Wale stated something in us. Thankful
Q1: I'd take any opportunity to get away from Microsoft and encourage others to do the same.
Trending: #YouCantHaveSwag if You don't know what swag is! ;)
ah be safe driving
u look nice today;)
I just accidentally listened to #jazz all day.
These bus/rig caravans need to invest in putting TVs on the rear of the trucks. It would be nice to see something except exhaust pipes.
Finishing up YouTube processing for our Zeus royalty-tracking app. Love the code!
Happy Monday Mention: very glad & thankful to finally have the bf back from his business trip! 1 week = too long!!
The greatest explorer on this earth never takes voyages as long as those of the man who descends to the depth of his heart. - Julien Green
Make-make-make-make-make it so. Make it so.
Happy one month anniversary NAPA. It's been magical. :)
When your car breaks down in the middle of the ghetto on a roadtrip in the BURNING HOT SUN
i really knew this
what in the word do the first two stand for
Cool name, I like :3 lol
Mandatory viewing for US history survey? I think so. >> RT Awesomest Birthday Present Ever In History. bit.ly/oEUxyx
They really need to cast Cee Lo as the next Bond villain, based on his demeanor (and cat) on
The fergburger challenge is killing me. Don't know how I will make the bus tomorrow!
Totally enjoyed getting away, had to get my check list and calendar in order real quick to get back to the real world.
Rumor has it BEAUTY IS A VERB was the book to talk about at And now an ALA Notable! We're at book 1645 with copies
Happy Weekend! Are you working or relaxing?
Thanks for the ad Lynda, looking forward to TALKN' TEA!
THANK YOU.
Goodnight love bugs. <3
An old lady at an ATM asked me to help her check her balance, so I pushed her over
I'm bothered that no one is bothered by the fact that the media didn't bother to report that #RonPaul won Iowa & Minnesota.
that seems inappropriate for AZ #centennial . PS its Oregon's B-day too!
The party of my people!
Tomorrow is our first meeting to talk about next year's 5th Annual #BlackLove Fest! #RVA, are you ready?!?!
Fans! :) if u believe your favorite artist should perform at #Teenhoot, post their music link at, Please no spam
Biggups to Tony Siragusa and Jay Williams joining us this past weekend at bizzzounce!
My best friends come home this week>>>> can't wait :))
Thank you for the Valentines and candy. I hope it was tasty!
#Walker soon gone from politics; It's his destruction. | For #wiunion and #Wisconsin, forward, conservation, remodeling and upgrading Gov.
definitely! I'll head over there at 3! And before then follow my awesome colleague !
To Catch A Predator is trending.....
Received a Word in due season today. All I could say was Amen. Experienced a great deliverance.
Strangest gift you've received? Giftcards are always cool - stop by guest services. T&C's apply.
WHO DO TATS FOR THE LOW AND COLD WIT DAT SHIT????
LOL, I guess you're right.
okay Just to get one thing straight I know Austin things before you a lot too! and Justin lol
If it makes you feel any better, I still don't know who Tim Tebow is. Nor do I care to find out.
Ephesus, looking good after 2000 years
I would compliment you on your outfit but I don't wanna seem like a liar.
Just saw me some monkeys, lions, tigers, bears, and LIGERS
#ilikeaboy that is confident, cool, and collected! :)
you alright MTM???
My arm is swollen from the other night
what the dickens is this in regards to?
i'm a cards fan, then a little bit of an orioles fan because I know one of their pitchers.
At home finally I can sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Welcome to the club, good sir.
Congrats on your win! #dennytriangle Sorry we didn't get to say hello.
agreed. I know teachrs, though, pretend to be on board during eval process, then ignore initiatives rest of the time
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (wickedgregbo)?
I've been here where u been at
Can use HTML5 without changing existing code.
#Teriyaki chicken BBQ with #cilantro rice and #lettucetomatosalad and choc covered strawberries for desert ... #HappyMothersDay 2 my wife :)
Passed them on to Minda who does all of our booking :)
Am i the only one that thinks is sexxy?
our girl Nikki is performing with Madonna at halftime!
will be my write in vote. So glad you are a Blazer.
in case you havent found out yet, its you(: im sorry
I HATE HOW YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR PHONE.
dude. If you pinky swear to me right now u & I can be sonny & Cher for Halloween I will duet with you for life
House hunting in Santa Fe. One beautiful house, not good outside. Second amazing views and property, house needed at least $50k work inside.
Wish I record this man playin the banjo. I go to tak a pic and he says "donations and autographs only miss, thank you very much"
it happens " Do u guys ever prank call people? Sometimes I do! LOL I just almost did but got too chicken to say something...."
Repeat next week! “: Went h.a.m doing legs!!!”
People show me pictures of puppies and kittens, and I'm like "meh." Never been an animal person, I guess.
To improve visibility try using CTRL+ & CTRL- to enlarge text & adjust to your screen width. They really messed up my :(
So great seeing you last night. Great job as usual! Sorry I couldn't stay long, but hope to see you soon. :)
I'm a strong advocate of deleting emails like invites to past events.
finna hit this dry asx cafeteria...not even hungry.. #BaddestOutMyCrew and dats not up for debating! <3
Goodnight everyone ! Harry has arrived at my bed so bye bye :* xoxo
Update: to perform at Richmond International Raceway in September on National TV....Date September 9th.
No We Didnt , I Think We Should Text About It NOW
Coffee buzz: Study finds java drinkers live longer: Like most studies on diet and health, this one was based strictly on observing pe...
is a stawbarry shortcake
When I click on it in the article, it goes to the Tablet home page. Thanks for forwarding. LS
cant spoil
Live more in the heart. Send rays of love outward to all the world.
.......And...oh yea....the OS!..... Just because it doesn't have a new case and curved glass? Beauty is more than skin deep folks...
I love this new Target commercial with the french song and happy colorful people.
Love the elephant story. Absolutely believe animals are much more aware than we give them credit for.
do you promise? ;)
Not moving thanks to the same human garbage #douche whose sorry ass life and lousy decisions keep messing with my goals and values
If I could afford an iPad I'd buy one. Until then, I remain technologically backward.
pink costumes scratch the surface of The Temptations Jackets.Pink vertical ombre jackets w/sophisticated Razzle Dazzle shoulders
Historians and old-timers met in Tucumcari—one recalled his parents' shack on a homestead in the 1910s, his mother's illness, the solitude.
The hawk in the Avengers! Oh rawrrr!!!
I hope you have a 3 day weekend too. I miss you. );
these lifetime movies just suck us in...
except when she is making me plantains.
I love it!!
The very same day your campaign breaks, these vintage postcards I got on arrive at my house. It's a USA kind of day!
DO NOT carry on
RT : : Never include negative information on your #resume. It's a job application, not a life history <= So right!
MY MO MMIE?!
I need to talk to businesses who need help with their cellular. Paying too much? Confused by your bill? Need better phones? (414) 788-1800
No they're not, go to hell ": The people you trust the most, are the first ones to hurt you."
Jackie Robinson played his first game with the Dodgers on April 15, 1947. Here's to you, Jackie!
awh you're in the 5th grade and your bio is "single and forever alone"? you must be so experienced in relationships
Thanks, guys! Appreciate it.
Day is almost over :)
That's epic you're moving out soon... where you headed? NYC right? I've been crazy man... JUST finished finals. Graduating May 12th
Congrats Nick!
Just saw asdfgghhklabs
You read my mind! RT : *fall out* Bonnie Raitt! *sings* I can't make you love me if you don't....
"Won't you to smile for that Yappa when you see it blast"...
uhh sure! :D
Poppycock! Great word ...
I'M a bandwagoner? I know ur not referring to me, bro LOL
“Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.” —Kahlil Gibran
Lets party!! Its Friday night and the drinking will be flowing - poolside!
RT get me one too. ": Needa blunt man"
Are you looking to make money working from home. This is the fastest growing home based business and it is easy to operate. Watch the 4 minu
nah nothing! all quiet :)
I just recently learned that you have to appreciate your time here on earth cause life is short....
Congrats to Amy W., the winner of May's Sweepstakes!
tomorrow is the big show. It's about time!! Been a looooonnggg winter. Couldn't be happier! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
love this quote!!
tweet to mr
The Twitter Party is over. Thanks!
Yes, because Twitter is wisdom. ;)
when is the next Morocco Long Treks vid coming?!
Totally set up with Martial Law. First test run State Chicago, plan for massive arrests.
Damn I think I need those red foams in my life #subtweet lol
Oh wow. You just earned a fan with that tweet!
Easy Like a Sunday Morning
Finna eat some banana pudding & lay down while watching a movie (:
wooot! ": Jamie Wallace of Abay is opening Alma Pan-Latin Kitchen in Regent Square, more info when I get it."
I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now. >.<
Yeah, Kobe sucks right?
Hey ! At today and missing you! XO
At mitchel international, waiting to board our plane. Vegas baby!
Getting ready for #Forum2012. Lee will be representing in Denver - want to meet up?
& I look 4ward to tonight.. GIORDANOS w/ a few male friends should b fun
She likes you , she wants to suck on your penis.
Someone nice please come rub my back and then maybe spoon with me.
Just saw a guy carrying a roll of paper towel while walking two dogs. I guess that's ONE way to do it.
Mom : jazmen you need to stretch after you run . Me: mom ill just walk it out. Mom: ISNT THERE A SONG TO THAT. I WALK IT OUT HEY.... No mom.
You had a good girl, but you cheated on her, disrespected her, lied to her, and neglected her. And you wonder why she left you?
I'm tired of taking forever to shave my legs then immediately getting chill bumps afterword! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Highlight's turning out to be a nifty recruiting tool
It's going to expand and watch other sports :)
in the studio writing new tracks!
Nothing annoys me more than "happy new years" - there's only ONE new year, people!
“: Collar bones are so hot on a girl.” ew really??
I just love writing Puck but find it hard to care for Rachel these days.
Im so pissed. Beyond it. Its time to make a crucial decision.
Oh it has been that kind of a morning. I think I'm going to crawl back in bed and hope I can can be more productive in a couple of hours.
So , a senior-to-be on a stacked Monona Grove primed for a state tourney run, has chimed in.
Where do you get your favorite battery operated boyfriend?
enjoy the set? :)
were u located
's Island Divine is on 5/5. SD's best bites/sips & an amazing auction. Proceeds benefit the great things JLSD does for SD.
Cats are for the birds!!
Last game I won $25gc & purchased 1. Neither came. I emailed was told they would send them. I have screencaps & CC receipt
has the best style, i seriously want your wardrobe!? any tips?! xo
Too oftenRT : That awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone or computer and your parents ask you who you're talking to.
Who needs follow-backs?
Kaseem Reed representing Atlanta !
you're the shit man can't wait to keep you updated with my upcoming gigs
CORRECTION: hosting w/ & Our is #LiveAtState today + Many #NATO activities today!
College night is ON! Come join us for some great dancing tonight!
well i guess might not go to semi :(
- Yes. I had someone tell me something that was so disturbing about a medical condition & I'm scarred for life. Gladly no photos.
YES! #niallwhipshispenis IS UP!!!!!! I AM SO HAPPY AAHAHAHA
My last delayed flight was bcuz they "ran out of fuel". What they meant to say is they spilled it all over the f'in tarmac.
direct message on my tweet when you'll be back @ the office so I can come up to the forth or sixth floor or we can talk on my floor
Time for a Swim System COUP!!! Just type in "TACO" and $15 off the swim system ALL DAY!!
Getting back on the paddles at Community Day. #Madden13 Coffee to the dome first
is at the Indianapolis Arts Center.
have some stuff to tell u *** important*** write back please
When I get this French down, please believe I'm going to moan and speak French like Janet in "Funny How Time Flies"
-waves from the South to the North- I used to live up there in Chicago! Yankee at heart <3
who are you voting for and why?
You're welcome! Thanks for following me, too! :)
Ready to bring home the gold!
Jira+GreenHopper leaves a bit to desired. Don't forget to choose Scrum Template. But why should I have to?
We're 236 followers away from two new on set photos.Help us meet people by Retweeting us or telling your friends to follow
happy Valentines day :)
If u call AT&T uverse they will leave u on hold 4 ever.
Gm people
"Gabbie has a fake baby!" Gosh these kindergarteners are acting like I cut off their left toe.
Also, I can't wait for to come back this fall!
Dunno. But if they included who goes to work at hedge funds and in finance, the list would look pretty much the same.
I think you made a mistake.
If you read this, Mr. FIOS guy, yes, you did sense some awkwardness when you came to my front door.
just got the best back scratch from my lovely wife !
how difficult was it? were there strict template(s) that needed to be followed?
Off to rehearsal. I am not distracted...
hey Tiffany, what is the shade of foundation you use in the winter routine video?
Barron lays the fucking wood!!! Dolphins up, fingers crossed, let's not fuck it up this year phins
Webster NY is FUN! Get your laugh on at the comedy club!
I'm in the mood to play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Haven't had a drop in over a week....first four days were rough, but much better now. How about you?
follow me please i love you and your music!!!!
looks yummy
Fuck. I forgot my coffee at home. Its going to be a long day!
New #patCAST tonight!
yesssuh I do. DM me. Thanks
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
Hell yeah... It took me 20 secs to load this tweet!
RT Hello dahlings-running to speech therapy with kid 3 this am.Apparently people BESIDES me should understand him Who knew?
Cant wait for the links! Pres went well, w/some minor tech difficulty. it's about the process and learning :)
Indeed. I'm opting for slacks & layered tops because I'm always hot, want to be comfy, look professional by day and cute by night!
Cram it in your cram-hole. RT Nesta to RBNY makes sense. Their DPs rarely play which would suit the lifestyle he is looking for...
so exciting. I have class the following weekend so let's try to nail down a day in May :)
holy damn Raul!!!
thanks for letting me know you were in Milwaukee this weekend, great friend
aww..bummer. Didn't see this before my last post.
Sundays I'm at the daily aztec still! How's fox?
"And that's the way the cookie crumbles." "WKBW - Wimpy Kiddie Baby Winers! That's what that stands for!"
when you want to talk to someone but want them to text you first <<<<
Rush gets to the essence of right wing opposition to birth control: women who use it are sluts and whores. So who does he sleep with?
“ I fucking hate slow texters man”} agreed
INTENTIONAL GROUNDING BABY!!!
truth is strange. :-)
it'll be a long time before you feel me nigga.. If ever lol
I wake up this moring in a great mood, I got this call from my university instructor that my assignment I worked all week on, showed a blank
praise dancing or contemporary hip hop? *sigh* confused
shut up
No matter how hard it is, never give up!
So be on the look out for more updates either on here or on Facebook. later nerds.
Say adina, adina, my c**chie make you scream say adina n**ga
I love you, but I'm done chasing you.
Why cant you just move away, and let me live my life?
Rice noodles for lunch...
Eggy bread & syrup for breakfast, m:)
gotta come up with excuse to miss work!
That Doritos commercial where the guy sucks the cheese off the other guys finger is so NASTY. lls
you haven't gone for like two weeks
Gotta love Boilers are the real deal at 18-4, hitting .346 as a team! #AreTheyUsingTheOldBats?
lol I'm gonna try! U have a GREAT wknd too buddy :)
Do my free range eggs cancel out my non free range goetta?
did you take her class
give me a dollar
Just found the Care Bears movie on Netflix. I'm now convinced the evil talking book that makes people stop caring must be Atlas Shrugged.
Your going to UCA??!!
you're doing it wrong
I think it might be a scrap book his mom made to encourage his hobby.
not bustin...you have good compass for these things...my confusion
Most uncomfortable feeling :/ RT : When guys stare at you through out the entire bus ride -.-
Game Tech Number
Thanks for the retweets
And I cant let that happen again cause then youll see my heart In the saddest state its ever been This is no place to try and live my life
LETS GO DALLAS!!!
how funny let's hope u didn't know him from school that would b the worst
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them. - Harold J. Smith
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Fake Punt
Thanks for the mention of our real estate office at The Betty Brinn Children's Museum
If y'all make it to the HOPE market, be sure and introduce yourselves... >:o) --bryce
Ding ding ding! It's SO disingenuous it's staggering.
*Drake voice* Hell yea.... Hell yea....hell yea lol
Southern Career College Launches $100,000 Information Technology Lab
Braun now 0-9 on the homestand. #Brewers still with good chance to be 3-0 in those games. That bodes well for the Crew. Ramirez heating up!
Call & thank your #donors, and that's it. Don't survey. Don't ask for advice. Just
Is Gary Carter 4 or is he a new number 1? Dreary thought, huh?
Does your home cleaner do this: quickly convert within a few days to water&carbon dioxide when in contact w/ natural bacteria in water&soil.
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome weekend!
Just left the gunshow, need a damn AR-15.
I have heard of Wegmans but never lived in a state with one.
preferred mechanism.
If hockey fights were fake, you would see me in more of them.-- Rod Gilbert
One hour until festival time! Share your pics & experiences with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
Have you ever been alone in a crowded room? When I'm here with you!
So good to see you yesterday xo
OHMYGOD only 1 more follower for 900 (: Help me??? Almost to my goal of 1000
This grandma...what the...? They had a naughty granny a few seasons ago.
My chick bad, looking like a bag of money.
its annoying tho
More time, more lives: New authorisation to make life-saving treatment available to ischaemic stroke patients ...
NYC subway. A nightmare on the Q in Brooklyn. No service after Prospect, shuttle buses. No 2 or 3 train. They made us pay for this, WTF!
Going to miss youu don't be too crazy without me! :)
I need the statistician who predicted the #redsox would win 101 games this season to come give me a personal pep talk. Preferably, soon.
#milwaukee Our mill is growing!Not many companies can do what we do and we are proud of it! Mill,hardware, custom cabinets and millwork
Let's see who John Waters picks! Good Luck!
*reaches up to pull the gummy out, along with a goodly amount of hair* Oops. Did that hurt?
I understand what you sayin' home girl.
Something strange is amuck...
- love the home page!
Aztec fans, follow and for all your #aztec basketball news. SDSU student reporters, as local as you can get.
you got your "tweeter" lmao!
Have a fantastic weekend!
Can't wait to see at the hard rock tomorrow with !!
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We're already thinking about dinner. Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
Tonight from 10 to midnight $2 everything Mention us at the door for the hook up.
Bill Hancock of BCS just told us that BCS/Conf Commissioners will meet soon 2 discuss 4-team playoff options. Want 2 finalize by erly summer
meant lights not mirrors.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO TAMPA???? I want to meet you soo bad! Pleasee follow me...<3
Happens to the best of us ;-)
LMFAOOOOOO DARIUS IS SO GAYY! IM DYING OVER HERE!!!!!!!!!!!
what about them gold dollars worth like 100 each, they got it marked down to like 4 for 20 lmfao
Hit the follow button
69 is my new favorite number
Kind of amazing that I've lived in NYC 2.5 years and I JUST saw my first man wearing a dress on the subway.
Now PHX --> MSP for Mother's Day :) already miss the sweet grandmothers I sat next to during OAK --> PHX
sorry sorry. Just this once!
I hope so too! I'll be there volunteering tomorrow!
Email volume is dropping in anticipation of the holiday week coming up. It's like a pre-vacation vacation.
Next time you have a tour. Make sure to go to Orlando! Hahah. :)
Spreading the word for SlapSkateboards!!
Track was good.
": Found a part of me that I thought died two years ago."the dank drummer you USED to be?
Almost six hours of sleep?!
That's true, re: control issue. The alternative to "immersion" is often game-as-mechanical-operation.
Lmao! RT : Dario better start following me before I un follow !! Lol
Is stupid excited to have finally found a taco shop in Denver that has a California burrito!
Yes, the #CIO role is evolving. And the markets will fluctuate.
isn't Pixar still working on Doctor Strange movie???
thanks for the favorites!
what are we going to do now? Our own livestream show and video blog? WATIN "Where Are the Interns Now"?
...and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. 1 Corinthians 13:2
I used to live in Menomenee Falls. Their 24 hour Wal-Mart is the shit! lmaooo
thank you all for following
My wife is trying to convince me to join PNC bank. That's like joining Satan.
Hahaha another gr8 Robert Patrick performance
Had so much fun with you during the shoot today! Can't wait for the boat parade!
lets face it Kirstie....your hot too
Does that still mean I passed the class?
The song is so much better without the words!! Same goes for Dada Life's Happy Violence
Thanks guys!
Now that Maeve gave me my phone back...STRIKE EM OUT THROW EM OUT!!!
a band stupid
Just marry me <3 haha RT I watch How I Met Your Mother all the time. I'm obsessed with this show.
relaxin with the roomie and a scary movie.
I'll keep drinking and you'll keep getting skinnier, I'm just like you only prettier <3
I guess u never really know a chick until u chill with them one on one
Freshwater Shrimp Experts on www.tankscapers.com
Well, maybe me and this girl can both be the break in other's string of bad luck.
loved the concert. Look for a blog post soon. Hope to "accidentally" run into you again in CV.
My mama never let me sleep in a messy room
My pool is uncomfortably warm. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> it's more like a hot tub.
me too, why do we go this long without eachother?!? It's not right.
I have to admit that I'm relieved that today's games are rained out. I can really use a free Saturday.
Happy Birthday Shakespeare!
I wish we could more Polynesians & Islanders to join but I guess it isn't something people are very proud of.
Time for me to go into a studying hole.
#NotAGoodLook when you fresh & ya kids amess!!
#foodthathascrackinit m peanut butter and crack sandwich!
Hey, dude, not only are your two adorable Scotties not bothering me, I don't think they're physically capable of being a handful.
a upstream would be cool. I'd give up my beauty sleep :)
She is really blowing me right now
You are correct that this is fascinating to me!
Love the new Twitter layout. Looks good!
spring break should be fun (:
Blasted 140 char limit. I read a poem I wrote and sang Deh Vieni Non Tardar from The Marriage of Figaro. I did great!
“: True love is like a pair of socks you gotta have two and they've gotta match<3”. So true!:)
4/14/2012 was the 1st day of no poetry for this National Poetry Month... I guess the day I wrote 4 poems in one day gives me a pass?
RT Don't worry #Pisces don't discriminate.
Reading "The Sandman" always makes me want to write a graphic novel.
great and u?
Fair Trade, organic, recycled, well priced, well made clothes. Great stuff for the kids too.
More info please . . .
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
i can not wait till saturday!!!(;
we @ #OneLongDay are humbled by your faith in our film being considered representative of this great festival! Thank U!
The whale is 's voice. Epic movie ;)
nice to have a beta that can handle traffic properly for a change!
haha but mt dew isn't "clear." ;)
we so y0l0
Ask about the Facebook special when you stop by. It's a FREE farm fresh egg upgrade when you check-in at our cart on FB. Valid thru Friday.
Awww! I missed that! Thanks guys!
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
We want to thank some of our partners Power96 Univision Radio and La Nueva Mega 94.9 for being part of Calle Ocho !!!
Great to connect on FB, too - done! We spotlight The Process on our FB, too - it really is an art! Thx guys :-)
I hope they switch our shift from 6:30am to 3pm at work!!! Thatd be so winning!!
En route to LA for office move and KCET Cinema Series Screening of the James Coburn Classic Waterhole
Survival job begins today. I'll be making your coffee. Watch out.
signing off the air waves with with the and only Paulie Rocco Good night! See you next sunday!
i feel like she was faking it
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Every bodies Mellow as Shit.... Tighten Up.
No problem. '86 Sox still top the '89 Tigers.
Though the death will oh yes will come and willtake lives away everyday. Though if the wonderul beauty of your past comes too.
yeah, that whole containing your laughter thing doesn't happen with this girl haha i can never help it.
how can you say finally?! I've been watching for 4 years....and you? Like 4 months, if that?!
Hey baby how you doin
Trending topic: BEST band and WORST band from the 80's. GO!
Idea: Crafting and Craft Beers, who's down? Send us suggestions.
What do you think about pro-lifers who are pro-death penalty? Contradiction?
The participants of a leader prep course said this: "finally! Less words and more visuals. Inst is not reading anymore"
Thank u lls
Sent you a follow request in kind - pleased to meet you!
i need more followers !
Very! And as an artist, you inspire others. :)
Haha thank you so much!! I like my name too.. who loves orange soda?
These last few days the online marketing world had been flipped upside down....
I messages you again because I sent you the wrong number.
How about a social media funny...A guy from NC booked an appt for Dawn Saunders, LMT in NC on my ABQ, NM website. Great moment
b ready 4a twist! ": Catchin up on Grey's on ths flight...I'm confusd I feel like the shw is ending or maybe ppl are leavin"
check out the BMW hanging over a small wall from a parking lot. Its at auraria parkway and 7th street. Sorry no pic.
Good luck with today's announcement!
Apologize but I'm in on the joke....<3
you're a doll. I'll say it though - please don't feed the models! ;)
thank you someone understands
My friend was driving going 78 in a 55 mph zone, when a state trooper coming the other way pulled around and pulled her over. My blonde f...
great to meet you tonight.
All right, no more Boeing puns; I've got red beans to make.
Wow that's why Kotchman is batting .188
Grandma's house, Auntie's place, anywhere someone else does the cooking. Do you travel for the holiday?
(Sorry, Mel: wrong number!)
I was gonna make an anal joke, butt fuck it.
I used to work with a guy whose last name was Eggenberg. To make matters worse, he looked like Humpty Dumpty.
Mocha is why I will be leaving you some bottles of wine on the counter :)
Pain is inevitable, Suffering is optional. Author Unknown
her:wat about me:lets talk me:us her:wat about? me:damn! me:yeah but my heher:hello..hello..u there? hearts not
Started off (what apparently is) #dayofdh with a very productive convo with Now to dive into those Blackwell Companions...
In meetings all day...mastering the closed mouth yawn.
thank you :D
shit, you need patience & tolerance just for yourself lol
RT Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do-John Maxwell
- finah gone head n log out !!! soo goodniqht peoples !!!
“: There's nothing wrong with talking to yourself out loud...” phew that's good to know! I think Reese was starting to judge me.
I know money comes and goes, I just wish it would stay awhile.
shot out to
so if they have restricted NAT type we can not get into a party with each other?
i signed up, caught up in the hype, but I never use it :p any good?
Yum, Krispy Kreme. Hooray Central Market!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 5
Dont sweat it. Call me whenever. Ill make some time for you.
thank you Jen:)
It's the journey that matters, and not how much knowledge you may amass. We're happy to hear about your obsession.
To help cut road toll (1) impose tougher fines (2) improve public transport systems across states
Okay, don't have to ask me twice :)
I've always wanted an ipod
I think I'll make the first po boy oyster.
I wish!
Working on getting payment processor up and running. Launch could be postponed another week. Stay tuned for further updates.
Where do you guys want to see us play this summer?
lol and Tuesday, Wednesday etc : ) Some good twitter material here
Great examples of projects on Web 2.0 tools, check TIE sessions for presentation agenda. Audience sharing great personal stories.
And its raining
Watching our lads from playing on #ESPNU. They're working hard vs. #9 Montrose Christian.
My head is pounding & Tylenol is not working. :/
windmill? On 3 defenders...
A Sequel to Anchorman? what a waste of time/money/energy/life
Cheering for Rory to the finish!
On my way to the stadium!
and perhaps telling people about "our" Post & the website www.Historic-FortMyer.com - comments on the website too!
Non fat milk lol
Ladies sitting next to me in the library discussing the last pairs of shoes they bought.
how are you? you playing tonight?
Nice... #2ndHandBabyGrand bloody BRILLIANT fusion of #nbcsmash concept/story/song >hattip<
Katie I love you!! Text me!
yo what's your email?
Thank you for showing me who you are underneath.
": Ballots in the mail......team hope you win this election sir"~Thanks good brother.
They are trusting you with their health
folow back? :D
My pleasure. Thanks for sharing my film "Have I Shared Too Much"
we both got our twitter handles from dat nigga LOL
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the KEY to unlocking our potential.
“: we really don't need your acceptance. You can keep it!” THIS
thanks! Hope you enjoyed!
Almost done with two hot songs LESS GO
Just edited audio for about 30mins w/ my earphones on before realizing I unplugged them this morning in a mtg.
I think he just went from luxury to necessity
Leather Co. on Southland?
Are you mourning this Larry Stevenson guy? Talking about him on NPR right now.
about 2 replace my ceiling fan in the outside patio..another fun day of do it yourself construction and work till 2am doing security later
for sure. #100 it is. Bringing about 57 hours of date experience your way.
#SustUnbound acting out of concern for others could paradoxically be most efficacious in bringing about social change (eg, as in Resistance)
What's going on with blogger or is it just my web browser?
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never. Sir Winston Churchill
hey man, me either - thanks dude!
That is so sweet Bailey! I'm glad you liked it!!! Any favorite?
Those who dare do; those who dare not, do not.
OMG Jordis Unga is on #TheVoice , I remember her from Rockstar INXS, she's fabulous
follow more people haha
don't forget 2nd life for your avatar!
remove them obstacles sis! Love you!
abouta play black ops wit my baby soon ;D
Goodnight I love you <3
Can't wait for it!(:<3 skipping soccer practice to watch it!! Dedication or what?! Haha(:
yes... or on a web page.. then you find out the truth.. do not want to find out they are horrible
Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies Wins Two Coveted Awards for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
follow me!!
Soo tired of the negativity.
If the extremists and conspiracy theorists think Osama is alive, they should simply get the Jihadist to cut a new video tape. Let's see it!
i try to be. And dont worry our sons shal also be gentelmen
sounds cool. Different!
Don't worry, the wind won't blow off the top of a PPSS snowcone :) Come see us!
you should check out our app. It will really help you master iPad typing.
Another day of work, another day of training a dude. Hooray.
Learn Clickbank - The Clickbank Code Review
Thanks so much my peeps!!! What a bomb opportunity!
Thank you everyone who is following me
my dad needs to come back from golfing already and bring me my damned mashed potatoes and mac and cheese from kfc.
Encouragement of content creation shouldn't just be associated w/ age/developmental phase - (cc all of my adult literacy pals)
Let's go Giant!!!
If you want to make your business more professional &appealing, list business policies with your Google Places.
They don't care about a bunch of inner city kids not getting an education.
Life-chasing,no time to be wasting,inside this transformation, headed for greatness,listening to what God is thinking,ship no longer sinking
and to make it worse..shes a "dangerous" dog..shes a red nose pit
My room is a mess.
Please let me board this train so I can pass the heck out. #Nero'd
is the cutest shop! And it smells so freaking good. Everyone go check it out!
Sounds fab. I should hop on a plane before the Jubilee and Olympics mayhem. My pal has a spare flat & I need a vacation.
I wish we could go back to the way things were
lmao I didn't start it.
u got one
Not to be controversial, but I don't think Pinterest is all that great-Just makes me want things I can never buy
Happy Valentines Day, we are @ Farragut Square (corner of 17th y K st), love and the smell of tacos are in the air. Let's get it on DC.
I really hope so bc I will hop on that shit
Got 200K with 24 left. Just got moved to ridiculously tough table.
a great way to remove haters is to block em.... <U+E405>
For this cafe, sudden downpours are good for business.
Hit a great workshop with casting director Michael Testa last night...headed the Crosstown set to boom!...yes, autocorrect that's 3 o's!!!
Strength is a well that never dries. Own it ,draw from it and keep it pushin. vonchell
What does it take to get one of those bowling balls?
you can tweet Pete , this account is ran by as a whole. :)
Don't forget the last day of MDA boot drive is on Saturday!
Ryan Lochte seemed pretty confident Michael Phelps will swim the 400 IM this summer.
Need female #singer #songwriter for #collaboration with known #EDM #producer. Email me a sample
You are the best.
aye what up what's your email?
How's the New Year so far?
you're the only person in pf i havent met. this needs to change. :(
Heard Muzak in Walgreen's drugstore--the Ramones' "I Wanna Be Sedated."
On the way home from cousins grad party,
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) - Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck has won the Walter Camp Foundation's award as college football's player of the year
I will b there for my bday in Sept. So b ready cause Im kickin it EXTRA HARD!
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
handle yo business boo.
lol their expensive and we aren't buying them all unless people throw in
mine seem to be doing alright
make the heat go away,
GO Yankees #BeatBaltimore AND GO RANGERS
Glad to hear! RT : Just took a dance class called 'Tease' with loved it!!
YOU HAVE TWITTER?! holla!!
: JTPR offers strategically smart communications for companies that want results and honest, straightforward advice and counsel.
I would hire you in a heartbeat!! If you ever get to Madison look me up!
swear ma son gt anger issues
I totally love this exchange. AND, he deserves it.
you can make anything look gorgeous.
RT : Come in on Friday or Saturday to celebrate Cinco De Mayo and get a #Free Taco Coupon w/ any purchase valid for the 6-15th
Good Morning... Happy Weekend :)
Salsa tonight ! Newcomer and Intermediate classes start at 8pm. See you tonight.
Hey guys go check out for the fallen dreams ;D you will love em
1963 - Demonstrations against the Vietnamese Government by Buddhist protesters wanting to fly flags
"You just gave away all your vodka" "that's what Jesus would do"
what #everythingmustchange joints you wanna hear at my show may 5?
NO. With all due respect team chemistry is more important. They are lazy and selfish. Let 'em sit and learn a hard lesson.
Redemption comes in many shapes with many kinds of pain.
Justin sounded amazing, fuck faces.
Keep track of your intention:)
The arts r an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress. H.Willem Van Loon
Since I Accidentley slept in and didn't go to school today .. I think it's time for bed Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Thanks for the RT. Maybe we'll get to hand you a tamale or two tomorrow!
3 tickets left for MY ASIAN MOM for $5!!!!!
yay! thanks! Figured I might get through to you guys through twitter. Tell E I love him!
Unfollowed a lot of shit accounts.
#WilliamLevy is so Yummy! Lol!!! OMG I almost died with that last dance... He's so hot
Food for thought: Even if other boats sink, your boat will not rise.
Awesome! Who says all the news coming out of Syracuse University is bad these days?
Pinterest newsfeed = feels like you're just watching someone surf the web
I want to play football one day this week
Thank God people can't here what I'm thinking! :o haha
No.. I had to take a break for a year. I'll still be doing privates so I can see y'all there! Miss everybody so so so much!
LOL. I know right! I was rushing to make this meeting downtown, but I'm the only one here, they are late too...
Alright kiddos. Time to strap on some spandex and get to riderin'! RIDERIN'!!! WHAT'S YOUR PRICE FOR FLIGHT!?!
I'll DT you right quick.
Full House is on!!
If #writers need an "eLiterate" web designer who really gets books, is the best in the business.
My choc. lab barks incessantly during storms wanting to go out in it. Drives me nuts!!
never try to make a permanent decision based on temporary feelings
negative nancy
You know, I was hesitant about the Comcast Modem+Router combo unit, but at 36 down and 6 up, I really don't care.
. had a drink last night that tasted like steak sauce. It was incredible.
Cinco de drinko party :) bring on the mexican beer, guacamole, enchiladas and queso.
Thanks! It should be tons of fun. Wish you could be there too!
Only way I'd be let down on being excused from jury duty is if I missed out on an awesome case which around here is highly unlikely
hahaha.. “: My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always dreamed of.”
In Westwood on Westwood Blvd and La Content Ave on corner. Come get chocolate ZICO!!!!
I can't wait!
Today is my son's 3rd birthday - reminds me what is most important in life - love and family.
RT : I don't see how people can break up and move on to a different person, while I go right back to the same person.
I'm a hunter, i'll find you
In final stages of completing manuals/job aides for hospice project in Florida; instruction starts at end of month
Looks yummy!
Looking for ideas for renting / borrowing a funky / vintage photo booth of some kind for the next academic year. Suggestions?
That's what free beer is for?
Beyond stressed . I want school to be over !
Dont worry...be
Imma send you a link! Via Dropbox! It'll change your #Life I promise
#designers & #devs... Thinking bout getting an MBP 15 or an MB Air 13. What do u think? Is the small screen/less storage a significant loss?
Going to see American reunion wit my niggas
So excited for the weekend! Getting my kiddo fix with the nieces and nephew!
Iron Monkey is on.
lol. They still do, n sorry for the late response XD
all we do is smoke n fuck
cool, I need to learn how to do that!
hey zendaya fans how are today????
Listening to Judy Collins reminds me of being in the back seat of a dodge dart on a hot humid day in the 70s.
His name is Abraham (:
Hey Kerry! A birdy told me you are a big Country Music fan! Is that true?
If more people went to Stubby's (across from LCCC) to play music, I wouldn't 've had to. For so long. Not even my gig.
being this pretty ain't eazy
Kate curled my hair, and i feel so pretty!! i even went to work looking like i should have a tierra on my head, that is how done my hair was
Hey follow back
Never will i regret ths night!!
There is something seriously wrong with me when I know the song in , season 3, ep 6 is the same in the SATC series finale.
RT : #digitaltext class is canceled tonight.
Can u delete them Plz bruh
i need September 30th to come right now, the wait is killing me!!!!!
Going to be at Teen hoot this summer right?! (:
This happens to me ALL the time :/
voted for you trish!:) your so sweet<3
nigga just give up you are making a fool of yourself
Are there any RPR traffic numbers you can share? Monthly uniques, page views, etc.
Dam I wish I was chopped right now just be chillin chopped and listening to sum music but shit I'm chillin watchin how high
dear bitch who I work with that I dislike, please go away and do not bother me again. Oh and don't act like you know more than me. you dont.
Now following back (:
Amazing how many different fantasy platforms exist. Learning a great deal here at the FSTA convention.
Wow, our prayers are with you Japan...
lol yes ma'am
We want you back can i get a replay. your the best of the best
Fun show last night! Thanks to everyone who came down!! Cheers,
As God is my witness-I have NO idea what to do next.
What if I used a belt as a tie? would that be equally cool?
I don't get why people have phones if they aren't going to use them
Happy birthday to one of my bestest besties ! Love you girl!
You're a kind and beautiful human. Xoxo
What do you mean?
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.-- Peace Pilgrim
Its my new ringtone... and I'm so happy with it...
Panelists (continued) Jon Howland (), Jennifer Wislocki ()
force/collision meet twitter... twitter meet force/collision
ok thanks :)
So excited for a friend that got engaged on the Seine in Paris last weekend! :) So romantic!
"One does not simply walk into Mordor."
God doesn't put things in your life that he knows you can't handle.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along. -Rumi
Best Philly cheasesteak in town
I'm on the bicycle so I don't think downtown is on the list... Check your DM sending you my #
It will be better <U+2665>
agreed -- quite a silly article with some valid points!
This song is coming out really good. go it!
a thousand miles seems pretty far, but they've got planes and trains and cars, I'd walk to you if I had no other way.
cole's head is swollen larger dan his GUTS
My productivity at work has now reached an all time low.
you got that right.
I hope so too your sake!
2 number #2 seeds go down in one day! Wow I am amazed haha! But i hate duke!
Happy Birthday !
Twitter is much better with football back!
#denverleadership Ersek talking about their locations all over the world...65million people use them every year.
Strawberries and champagne ... now it feels like the end of my birthday weekend!!
that would be wonderful! LMKthe dates and area u r staying n - we will make a fun plan! xo
To be fair legislation is more lengthy and complex now. Would not be surprised if filibuster to word ratio has dropped.
Listening to skrillex eating, Cheese whiz.
completely agree
On the bright side, wasn't in charge of getting Bin Laden's address.
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F FAIR: 68F FAIR
Thanks Jeff! We make a great team!
No that's not it, but very interesting. I should be able to share my video tomorrow.
NYC ed struggles: no layoffs but lost 7,000 teachers and student populations have gone way up.
did you know one minute of kissing burns 26 calories no wonder sluts are so damn skinny;)
I can't see this pic u put ???
RT : One Link...One Click...One Scan...Your Complete Online Presence! Check out ==>
no way. The photogenic gene passed right over me.
Yes, I think a lot of home business owners are not aware of what their HO policy won't cover.
RT Belief in God, without belief in the Prophet (SAWW), would still be unbelief.
The Strip Is NOT The Place To Be
It's Thursday! :)
Nice! RT : Dreams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them. Be patient.
You remind me of a landshark
its still not the same like watching it live
If you're against "gay marriage," then don't marry a gay person....that's oversimplification, I guess. Or...is it?
Suggestions on places to eat in downtown Milwaukee?
#Stanford 2nd leading scorer SR Josh Owens already has 9 its early. Could be an issue for #UMass down low. Stanford leads 16-11 14:00
Think i may go couch surfing this weekend
Is it really bad to eat raw cookie dough? I think that's unrealistic.
ugh you should've just gone with him
i can not wait for S2 of teen wolf. I was waiting for S2 of the gates until i saw you in teen wolf.
Been a busy, but very good day! Love days like this!
You know summer is over when your sandals start flip-flopping south for the winter.
Use code "BLKFRDY" and get 15% off. Shipped shirt for under $20.00 ! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
it sucks but aye shit happens and it's sometimes ours of our control we just have to learn to deal with it
Feeling good, Feeling Great! Sunday = Myday
We're in search of a Male host for our competition. To Apply, send email with info\Pic to . You will Co-host with female.
Yes; will continue, and we're on track to post our 1000th picture of the Lawn during Final Exercises.
the fresh fruit and the tennis lessons and the sunny days have together conspired to change you, indeed.
Really happy to have shared a #NASCAR World Series with Katie and my Dad. Jimmie wins fair and square and the #29 drove his nuts off.
Shame both sets can't learn from one another, I say
AudioInflux about to rock the stage. Then RootsCollider. Homegrown is the place to be.
Had to leave lots of people behind, change the love in my heart to a next man, keep focused on my goal and praying =happy & stress free life
I've wished for the same thing on 11:11 forever. WHY WONT IT HAPPEN. SCREW YOU 11:11 -__-
on my way to see
#KPUHuntsman huntsman is introduced
Love looking out into a crowd and seeing familiar faces of those who love and support me as an artist and as a person.
Dave, let me know if I can help you with the book.
Orphan works, the bane of my existence right now. Too bad file metadata is a fairly new concept!
S/O Headkick ko. It's showtime 69 sec
Thanks for the follow!!
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk
Why do you think that? I think that used to be a problem of his... Not anymore.
Dude had game...sad to see him go.
<U+200F> Thanks for following!
Of course, strategic goals must be the foundation of social media efforts. Engagement & brand activity can lead to ROI
a mind is a terrible thing to waste
He said "why do you like girls?" I said "why tf u lik gurlz?!"
Oh WOW! I just saw an ad on TV of Janet Jackson selling Nutri-System!
Try not to do anything with The Nuge that attracts Secret Service attention... hahaha. See you Sunday at Dell Diamond!
goodnight Peyton, I hope u have sweet dreams and I hope u feel better soon <21
Sorry-I've already submitted final TC 5.09 to Chronicle. However, this is a great post & I plan to link to it on my blog! Thx.
wait so how do u know tht Juliet made Andy cut his hair?
Roses are red violets are blue, god made me pretty, what the hell happened to you?!
Sumbody point me in da direction of #85 DAVIS...I might give him sum today... Sry hun...
check us out on Facebook - Tonja Colima Linda
NEVER CALM DOWN BECAUSE OF BASEBALL!
Is it bad that I can't cry or worry? Shit I am dead inside..
Cinemagr.am is cool. It's basically an easier way to create an animate GIF.
1. a person or thing that does something, especially a person who gets things done with vigor and efficiency.
RT : Follow Friday all-stars:
And you're a failure at life. Get a job.
I'm hungry but if I eat now come 4 hours from now I'll be hungrier then ever homeless person on earth ...
i love mrs. dickenson.
best part about Google+ with Twitter = we talk shit on all you late adapters who act too cool to join then join years later.
You should probably do both to cover your bets
Loving all out blitz on the #royals, its #ourtime to revolt and show that
to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional...
Rangers just sealed the deal!
RT : InSquared morning sessions: hacking education w/ and in room 433
If you are in Atlanta and headed to the #PPD event, don't forget school supplies!
OKAY JENNY CALL ME @ 6:00 AND ILL CALL PAOLA TO :-) ITS A FUCKING PLAN IN MOTION
Outta work, gotta a cigar and a beer. Lifes good right now!!!! What a way to start the weekend.
so did you get a walk today.
If I get to work with you then fine, I'll stay next time :)
don't think we don't notice. Customer service IS your brand, answering the phone is just part of it. Good job.
Ellie Goulding reminds me of
Goodnight twitter
I can't do this anymore.
RT New Years Day Diet: Bloody Marys and bloody mary toppings. Stop #1 hooligans <--Happy New Year!! :)
tht random moment when u bust out dancin to wait for you cover by austin and ur mom is lyk wtf!! -anna
Relig people think homo is a choice for one reason only ... they don't think their God would make a gay ... classic working backwards.
I dunno, leave me alone.
Congratulations to the Japanese women's team on their first World Cup victory!
That's it for now.
#Brewers game tonight? 94 Eastbound is a parking lot...
Follow me! *Tupac Voice
a little bit! Lol how are you?
#worstfeeling KNOWING YOU ARE BE CHEATED ON
I apologize for those of you who have received direct messages from me. My account has been compromised and I am resolving the issue.
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
God Jul everyone !!! Fuck I hate Christmas.
Craziest trip back from B-town yet~
Been working with Nate on his new luxury suit line. On a scale of 1-10...his fashion IQ is a #13. #Bline=Luxe!
Again, having a Keurig is dangerous. I will now consume 100% more coffee.
Just saw sprint by at the race for the cure. I haven't started my sprint (walk) yet.
Key&Peele show is def funny stuff. Op..lil Wayne dropped his soap.
Road Trip
Please think twice before buying Facebook likes. The most important likes are the likes that are targeted.
Thanks for following. I always follow back and support dream chasers. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
The Mirage.
I have urged coverage. I think we're working on it? Missed the start.
don't be afraid to go out on a limb and like something because you genuinely do and not because some website is telling you to
RT IF YEW HATE BEING SICK!!!!
Quoth the raven, `Nevermore.' - Edgar allan Poe
Only in uncertainty can there be creativity. ~Deepak Chopra
Incentives, support, and pressure are important aspects of wellness motivation and maintenance
Hey Saffron. It's my birthday. Can you say "Hi" to me?
Blake Griffin--over/under 5 years in NBA?
30% tips on a slow lunch, ceviche and avocado margaritas, a nap and a bike ride. I like today.
Haha! >> RT When your teacher is talking about her kids you like 'OMFG YOU HAD SEX?!
Senior Records Manager position available in Orange County...opportunity to develop a RM program for large corporation! Contact me at kati…
Link yr media assets and web, optimize for one click
84k on break. Going to 4 800 75. 2 more levels with a break in between. Going to be playing later than I thought.
Why is it a man is sick & everything must stop 4 him 2 stay on the couch but if a woman is sick, she can't get a moment's peace?
what are you watching?
I really think some dudes think we girls are so stupid smh
Hey - thanks for the email updating me on my departure gate. Sadly your update of Gate 76 is quite far from Gate 67 in Houston.
A little over 1/9th of the world was tuned into the game today.
Congrats to my little bro and his wife Danielle on the birth of their baby boy and future UK PG Hudson.
New Warnings for MS Drug Gilenya After FDA Review
: Just let me know:).
man with pretty white teeth and good smelling cologne
true true. Goodluck :)
better seeing your pics... here dressing for work in panties and pantyhose underneth
I am. Really? Cool.
RT call me man June 1st weekend bout to be Ham. <~~
shane is so gonna win teens choice awards
BET! RT : Yo When You Get To Work You Gonna Have Something On Your #ToDoList! Lol S|O's V100 & Allure..
hey sexy
Checking my new house Noth Hollywood CA,
There playing What Makes You Beautiful at a football game lol.
I don't think so. The conference still has some great football and basketball powerhouses. They should go after #BYU and
Top two Boston trends: #HappyMothersDay and Happy Mothers Day. Still, one of them is promoted. Oh well, #HappyMothersDay!
you guys got a youtube?
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Huge THANK YOU to Brenda Middle and (President + President-Elect of Pikes Peak ASTD) for leading Volunteer Team at
Ember: The Bonfire Digital Memorial Museum and Project Injustice out of TX A&M
follow me 1
Ciao! We'll be live on today from 12-1pm to discuss the May 20 festival.
That is what we are thinking, lots of images, clips from research from ongoing projects, more informal than our blog.
my aunt wants me to sing for her wedding!! Any tips??
Can someone please make me a cd
Having to do an On Demand tomorrow morning <<<
Amazing how advanced technology is yet I still drop, can't call out or in here in Richmond KY -BH #comeonAT&T
The Shins...well done! Best musical guest performance in awhile. Can't wait to see them at Bonnaroo.
I just got the LivingSocial. Going to check it out!
Eyeing one tonight but nothing confirmed other than the edge smashes :).
Good night and Roll Tide. Hounds tooth blanket awaits me.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________.
Love you too, loser.(:
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOO, JOHN LENNON. GO HOME.
i think i'm sick...wonderful
i think its pretty cool that u are a mahomie, belieber and directioner :)
you can't be that bored in ur avi smh
North #Minneapolis #tornado victims race to fix homes before winter.
thats not where I wanted to go though.lol,I wanted to go to courtneys :p
WORD I'm Happy For U!! I Will Be Glad Wen I Get A Job N' I Can Do Dat! Me n' My Bae Might Do Dat IDK
yessirr. Sound better actually ON the tape lol.
Had tha nerve too try & speak to me today nigga you fake af , .
"By the time everybody knows my name, I won't remember yours."
: will evangelicals vote for Romney? key question for the election - data shows religion an important factor
Just hopped on a show at Penny Road Pub (Barrington, IL) tomorrow. Come out! Rockford & Indiana next weekend!
Crying myself to sleep. Doing that for the third night in a row. Hopefully I'll change it up tomorrow night.
Think I will pick a random GREAT Mother to send flowers to for Mothers Day... #YouDeserveIt ;-)
Great markdowns on EVERYTHING! Contact us today at
and guess who was suppose to txt me but hasn't.......... lol
So ready to have the next couple months over with so I can just move away but at the same time I wanna stay
it's nice cause its a lazy day.. but then yeah... here comes Monday haha
Great entrepreneurship resources:
Make that Rollins. Darn iPhone
“: "My goal in life is to be as good of a person my dog already thinks I am." - Author Unknown #quotes #dogs"
what do you call this unlocking process? Company Purge?
I don't know why I agreed to pick up a shift tonight. Don't feel like working unless $300 is handed to me.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMINEM #TeamFollowBack I follow everyone
So I'm confused, do I want the #Knicks to win? 7th or 8th, 7th or 8th?
Wondering wen will my breakthrough happen. I've been struggling soo long. Must be time for my breakthrough.
Brewers are 6 outs away from NLCS
Pump it up!! RT : Just started Djing RELAX
Ha! I'm guessing you're not the biggest fan of Timeline.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honour him;
must be the most famous one in our restaurant.
and thats why you're my Ella #StillProud I gave you that name
Wanting nothing more in this world but to meet one day! He is my inspiration in life!
not saying I would lol :p just that its not AS bad as with a guy
nice congrats want to make my way up to the DMV and learn from watching you work. Keep up the great work
John Huntsman is not cutting it folks!!!!
Hi babe
Rep. Ott, please stop whining...
I found it strange :|
Follow me pretty please with sugar on top? c: xoxoxo
Awesome! Glad we are one of your favorites!
THAT'S RIGHT D-TRIX.
#iLoveMyMomBecause she is amazing. She does everything she can and never fails to make me happy.
being a 19th century kinda guy working in the 20th century is a challenge...but 1976 lets me do both...love history and memory!
Finished shooting episode 3 The Double Date and it was a total #drag. Hoping to keep up the flow with the new episode format!
i love ducks im obsessed with them. and i have a million pillows and everything duck all over my room.
I can't believe my life is still the same as it was last week after reading all those inspirational quotes on Pinterest.
: “Craftspeople see their production as a means of distributing an experience." Same source.
I was going to go the the one in Chicago in April but i had something at school....//:
Hard work pays off, fool...
Pretty good, wbu!
I hope the new owner of the Pershing Inn erased the video of me getting my friend to beat up Carlos Aguilar. He had a black eye for a month!
We didn't know where to go, it was late, so she basically picked me up and dropped me off lol
Getting breakfeast...yummy
sure thing! I hope you are enjoying #SXSWi . Be on the lookout for our on-site concierge team for treats at the ACC today.
is having a Tag Sale !!! November 20th 9am until 3pm.
dinner buffet sounds lovely while contemplating
also realized how much i have switched from Live to Logic Pro for tracking. Mostly cause i can't afford to update both...
My mom actually likes me listening to cuz he is sober now, and is my role model for my sobriety :)
I wanted to ask you how you felt about me, but I never did because I was afraid I might not like what you had to say.
I want it so.bad!
RT : Today is just one of those days.......=>chin up, buttercup. With any luck, Monday will turn into Tuesday shortly :)
and thanks so very much!!!
aha I am wrong indeed if that is the case. Sorry to group you w the proletariat.
my favorite victoria secret angel, alessandra ambrosio, is pregnant! congrats!
Can't believe I'm going to miss the pancakes at KAVO again
Work today.
Donation allows Racine P.D. to get third patrol canine
Mondays suck
Happy Saturday everyone! What do you have planned for today?
Love the new singe #REFILL !! RT
my favorite super bowl recipe is your bbq pulled pork sandwiches and your batter-dipped french fries
Now that's what i am talking about, Lakers!!! are coming! hell yeah!! game time!
Group. Small group. Facebook guy, my CEO, and maybe three or four others. Jeremiah would be most welcome. Outstanding.
Please just listen to "got it all wrong"
A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all our facebook and twitter followers!
“: Has anyone had a better sports weekend than ?” It's been a solid weekend! Just need my fantasy team to win.
Tummy hurts and spending all day in the hospital tomorrow :(
There is a spider in my car while I'm driving under my feet.
I've only stayed up "late" for #readathon, and that was only cuz I was discovering HUNGER GAMES. May try tonight.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how much you mean the world to me. What I would do if I just lost you one day..
I am working on an MS in Systems Science, what are you getting?
Takin it easy. Twice on Sunday.
just watched the anniversary ep of ice loves coco. Where is my Ice? I can't wait to find him. And yes, my pic is my Coco costume
Speeding, rapid acceleration & braking can lower gas mileage by 33 percent on the hwy and 5 percent in the city.
Don't start none.....won't be none!!!
RT your momma so fat that when she sat on her iphone, she created Ipad.
Tomorrow: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic: MacArthur Park, Southside by the Fountains
bless up star bendiciones
TODAY in #TAMPA, & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio. Tell everyone ya know!
I wish I had a tanning buddy.
I've noticed that my mom never picks up the phone on pay day lol :-) just horrible
College lacrosse -- Norwalk duo keys to Fairfield's turnaround - The Hour
2 consecutive days off. A luxury? A trick? I wonder.
Hope you all are having a great day!
I'm slugging in HOV, so mostly silent. It's the rules.
I need to get up and get energy I'm tired of sitting here and doing this reflection!!!
Thanks Hector... Great to have u here... Have an awesome week my friend
insider.espn.go.com/insider/insider/news/story?id=6402542 One of the biggest mistakes poker players make is betting on other poker players
Thank you!
Awesome working with you on Dark Revelation. Enjoy the rest of the process. Let's def. meet up when all is said and done.
the other bands for the were and Something Else, we all had fun
Hey Thomas, thanks for following us. We look forward to connecting with you.
o trust all things are planned when it comes to publicity and I commend her for stirring the pot close to when her show
I'm pretty sure he's about to tear my ass up.... wish me luck
I am still recovering from last weekend!!
so right about now idk if I'm gonna have a prom date.
mabey it will be on amzon if it you can buy thats where I am getting my jedward cd from since it not in the usa
#YouKnowItsRealWhen your boo want lock code fa ya phone....
possibly. Would ever let a guy stick their penis in your anus?
congrats on the W tonight.
earrings too sucka
Omg hahah me and have the most sloppys writing ever but its the thought that counts Lol
If u think cellphones and driving don't mix... What about cellphones and riding a bicycle? Now THAT is a bad idea!
Grrrrrrrr ALZM is on the move ladies..... Lets go!
#Children need your help! All of the proceeds from helps us help families seeking cancer care for their children...
Wow! Madrid wins at Barca 2-1! Great game! When was the last time #Madrid won at #Barcelona ?
boy you better follow me pleaz
same people in warehouse. No surprise
Somrat, have you considered ?
Heaven help me, I got a man-couch today. A leather reclining man-couch for our film viewing cave. It's so god-- but so NOT chic.
Read "Just a Few Sleeps Away" last night. A powerful story about a 9/11 victim and her family. A powerful read from Mike Nichols.
Great week with Jay Sean recording at KMA! Stay tuned for new music...
Top Moments: Bones&#39; Birth in a Manger and Mad Men&#39;s Fat Betty
Hanging out in my hometown of Santa Cruz for a while catching up with family while I recover from all the traveling around. Nice to be home.
Thank you for calling Westwood Sperm Bank, where you squeeze it, we freeze it.
ahh. I love this. I want the same thing.
Shouts to FWM on the move keep up pplz check out the updates
Hahahaha! Tell me some! I gotta hear (or read, whatever! Lol) this! XD
follow Redstar amazing go-go dancers and more!!!
LOL Me too man me too...
i love p.f. changs! I just gt my wisdom teeth out and I am slurping down some AMAZING wonton soup! You rock !
Colts are maybe 3-4 years out of making some noise, it make sense cutting Peyton.
Hey, my friendly political representatives ,, : Please heed the warnings of our tech industry & oppose SOPA
date picker popups also a native functionality in HTML5
Artistic collaboration can create an emotional connection more powerful than a romantic relationship. (1/2)
nice to see another woman of color at sb5.0! Stop by PA-142 at poster session. I'd love to talk.
Chiana:Puppy Advice: Don't think of your new throw pillows as destroyed so much as shabby chic.
what can I say your amazing ? And there's actually no words to describe you <3
God created the world in SIX days But it took him centuries
DO U LOVE BABY POWDER...GO TJ LOL
Have you started reading it? If you have just know pg 152 made me cry:/ You should take a picture of the letter & send it to me
I'll check them out!
So are we rooting for Suns to win or lose this game? lol
Its britney bitch.
Love it! Flipped classroom resources are great way for parents to connect to classroom.
Warren ... this time they blogged linguistic attainments
one should be on my timeline
Modeling industry is So dirty. I'm so oooooverrrrr it!
Leaving Boo Williams, great tourny! Lots of talent, love the EYBL concept!
thanx for the follow #rouxer :D much love
sitting her on tubmlr reblogging one direction, what else is there to do?(:
Incredibly psyched to be headed to #ala12 in June as the Student-to-Staff nominee from UW!
Still, you know you want your own penguin army. Everybody needs a penguin army.
And if that wasn't enough, the film features him going back in time to have sex with himself.
that's not awkward, that's what retweet was made for! Spreading information to the masses. Duh.
Injuries killed us.
What is that? And i have some stuff for you
I keep having this really ominous feeling that I've been living in a dream and any second I'm about to wake up
thanks for the follow! Don't be a stranger. :)
Robert Wolven Columbia Univ Libraries new #iiipc12 member talking now
Dude just started scratching his back on the cafe's entrance door frame. #firehazard?
I'm actually not sure if I'm going to Aruba, might be headed to Monaco instead
OH: "So then I ate the Roast Beef sandwich and went right back to sleep." Me and you could so be friends.
trust me I won't forget
Sorry for the confusion, but due to the location change we won't be volunteering at the tonight. Last minute adjustment
One Day I'll Have that Job Where I can say "I Love My Job"!
What is your sushi "wish list" for lunch: Cruncy Spicy Salmon Roll, Cajun Roll with spicy remoulade, warm wake and edamame?
What can YOU do to honor God today?
She is just dumb....do what you think you should do
<U+266B> What's your definition of it? How's it make you feel? Tell me what it is that truly makes it real...<U+266B>
you good
Moscone, Bail Bonds.
Mark your calenders . The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced on January 11th & inducted on June 5th n NYC
can't find the huge spider i sprayed with raid. it's planning revenge. i know it. panicking until it makes it's move.
Don't want to hear about how you think your gf is gonna break up with you
you too, thanks! Would love to chat about my race with Joe Barton!
I will where's it at?
So excited to be speaking
I want pancakes
Don't sweat it. Any chance I can get some form of expedited shipping? I would like to try to avoid renting rails again.
Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling: “The best way to have a great idea is to have a lot of ideas.”
If I had my whole life to live over again, I don't think I'd have the strength. ~ Flip Wilson
then how do you know whats been going on in the world?!
How can #Chicago become a global hub 4 innovation? Strong venture capital, robust infrastructure & space, & critical mass of tech talent
Check out our website next week to order your own bag of KISS Coffee!
as if. You're not even close Peggy
Responsiveness is very nice, but the post dates are hard to read. I really love the minimalism too.
UPDATE: appearance on will happen at 5:45a CDT on Saturday, clips shown throughout the day.
3 more hours.......CiRoC Boys at SILK STRIP CLUB!!!!!!
Used top and tailed access and error logs like a boss this evening. Totally felt like Tony Stark hacking away. I'm learning!
you should mange ! Huh huh?! The girls gonna go crazy! Along with me! :D
To prove he wasnt juicing he needs to have the best season of his career.
a-okay
Sex and golf are the two things you can enjoy even if you're not good at them.
"...all are merely blind men receiving different impressions from touching the same elephant" --Lin Yun (Thanks, !)
LOL! Put that woman to work! ;-)
why do you have those big ass glasses on?
If you support Kian and Sam, help us out by getting people to follow! :D
The Night Kitchen is closing at midnight tonight and will reopen December 28. Happy Holidays!
elearning market change , modules built in flash/rapid, not usable on the iOs platform, building those, #mlearning, #elearning. Thoughts?
Honor those who have and currently serve. God Bless the USA!
The NFC West should be pretty tough this yr. Safe to say we won't have the doormat tag anymore.
He was Fb messaging with a dude yesterday. They made plans for for tonight to get together tonight
Damn you gotta love people...! Smfh...!
Congrats to !! We'll see you guys opening the #1045BdayShow!!!
#oomf changed completely since middle school, *shrugs* guess we both grew up..
lol yeah he was like that!
Welcome to the world of twitter! Saw your Faceook status haha
Never work with a debt settlement company that does not safegaurd its results
Had a great bible study with
FREE COFFEE TOMORROW!
aww if it is a lot if ppl dropped out!
lol, thank you!
Thanks. I'm curious how the idea works in real life. One thing to observe from outside, another to do it daily. Update me!
That was cute.
Congrats to you on an amazing game. Your 49ers in the NFC Championship = sweet!. sorry, but this team is destined for SB.
looks like I should have shoot for the house :(
Girl, yes he did!!!
So started the new media ball rolling last night; educators hear more from Will the audience respond?
I'm pretty sick :$
hmm, yes, that's enough to make me worried about what I would upload. I wasn't planning to upload client data, but now it's certain
and we the ritas and the wine
Have to wipe lisa down tonight, she's been riding dirty in my trunk for a week!
I know I am excited!!! My awesome sister is gonna take me!!
chocolate=bliss
you know Nashville might lose this series
On my way back home after another great #360idev conference. :-)
I'll try. Sounds good man.
Rep Castor has current proposal up for vote to keep funding for 300,000 kids on
My print lingo is bad enough. You add in the tyranny of the metric system and Im completely lost.
Yes, the Andantino from Les Cinq Doigts - I was going to arrange it but couldn't find my copy, so I just wrote a new piece.
:) Have a great weekend!
I'm bored, someone talk to me!
Spending the day downtown with my boy. Laker game later tonight!
Season 2 of "Treme" comes out on DVD tomorrow. *Clapping*
Would at some point enjoy a superhero fight crashing through my apartment. Just not while I'm in the shower. Whedon, take note.
heading to NY for Internet Week -- if you're there and would like to connect up to talk let me know and we'll make it happen.
Reminiscing about those college days. Sometimes I wonder how the heck I survived and passed. Always made the 2.0 just to stay in the frat.
Making my baby lunch before he goes to work :D
Thanks! I'll check that out.
very simple. No pain just a little discomfort. And you're in & out. So worth it!
I am so glad I.have re emerged and got to see a lot of favorites this weekend...
Want to submit your brilliant #socialmedia work, but need a little more time? Shoot us an email at .
Thank u Jesus for waking me up this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
- perhaps it is their hearing. Some people can't accept anything under 100db for their music :-)
nice website..keep doin ya thang
We set a date! Jon and I are getting married on September 1st, 2012 at The Center for Wooden Boats in Seattle, Wa.
Great discovery meeting w/ yesterday about PPC & SEO strategy. Top-notch interactive agency.
What a couple of weeks. My daily routine is still recovering.
yes!!! And today is a lovely day for training :)
I'm in love with u
hell yeah, that's why he my starter in FF...“: From September 11th RT Buffalo might be a sleeper this year. I like Fitzpatrick”
Get ready. On the way.
god damn
you are awesome. Happy Sunday.
Real eyes realize real lies.
Oh sorry, haven't seen the shirt myself.
thanks, Mark!!!
2012 Elite Showcase Basketball Classic Rosters soon the be announced! Will the 2012 Class be as good as the 2011 Class?
This is as bad as I've seen the Flyers play. And, although he has a goal, Giroux is really struggling at even strength with bad giveaways.
“ because me and gen go way back :D”
exactly, a base hit scores those two guys on second & third.
really hoping we luck out this week with the weather again. Tornado sirens didn't stop us last week!
just emailed you!
ah, I wish I could! I'm really shitty with instruments xD
Love is in the air!!?;)
rant over. thanks.
Sounds like the end of a batman movie in downtown #seattle right now.
you're so funny, i just read up on your tweets. i am loving your personality xo
Because they are pillars of society? Care about the poor?Donate to Meals on Wheels? They hide & pay tools to spread the HATE!
That's not the dude who used to pitch for the #Rockies, is it?
Twitter Fam this Sun shine is for my princess Brithday So catch up when its nite out
Ruff Endz - Someone To Love You
Gotta get some stuff done... Have a great day everyone! Keep rockin! :)
Running laps, never giving up, never stopping,
Pool parties are almost in full effect.
Looking for some good beer recommendations for later. Shooting for something I haven't had //cc
Answer the Disney Trivia question correctly B4 5pm today and win Disney tix for 3/31 at JPJ Studio: 978 1023
You deserve it - you guys are covering that better and quicker than anyone else
RT : Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something deep inside: a desire, a dream, a vision. ~Muhammad Ali
looking forward to the next speaker, of google speaks publicly for the first time on leveraging google+ for nonprofits
who would win in a fight? Tim Tebow or Jeremy Lin?
V glad to hear USF is implementing a smoking policy. I have not so fond memories of having to walk thru clouds of smoke to get to class.
Other peoples opinion of you does not have to become your reality
hheeyyy so u going to school tom
I love your show. It's like "Music TV". Hey, that name's not taken is it?
nice, have a good break:p
RT : Also, the term "Heimlich maneuver" is no longer used by the American Red Cross. #whynot? (I call it "Heineken Maneuver)
Good Morning cutie(:
We love to return the love, so thank you for all of the support for poster art!
Here&#39;s What&#39;s Holding The Jury Up In The Oracle-Google Case
are you home??
I can tell you are in LA.
No sleep
Meta-congrats Dan. :)
YOU ARE THE CUTEST GUY ON EARTH!!!!!!!!
You're SO FETCH. <3(:
theres no way it cant be fun. Unless ur the one getting married of course.
Alright, I think that was worth it. Satisfied.
Mr. White, I cannot complain, especially with the #Masters on this weekend. I'm sure you're enjoying them too.
nice overview of social media properties, thanks!
Practical lessons from #alamw12 : Once you join a network there's no seniority. The network goes both ways.
you in Milwaukee?
Chicago traffic blows... Carpool lanes anyone ?
I hope!
TGIF!! We are rocking with sweet X-mas deals!! Come on by!
Awe..... I got the job!! xD now for a piss test...uh tomorrow.
its worth the try
Ray Ray. Fa three
ha. I was just peepin it, meeting people over here..
If you're going through a hard time and need to chat please message me, I'd love to share Christ with you. He saves us from all sin!
I figure I'm going to need these knees awhile longer. It's probably better to save on them and let them heal. ;-)
Really?! Whitney Houston :( so sad
good luck!!
thanks man!
*Hugs back* DEF - sunday? Saturday is solely devoted to #Avengers excitement & viewing.
Rehearsals and class, class and rehearsals. Let a new dance day begin! :)
Instead of smd me and will say smb. (this is for suck my butt or boob whatever mood your in)
Riding round bumping
Just Needed That Extra Sleep :)
two amazing cds dropped today go pick up #dead throne and understanding what we've grown to be both are amazing!!!
The Raid: Redemption (2012). Directed by Gareth Evans. First time watch. 3/4
lmao Gasol needs to sit down from that one...
You won't arrive if you're not heading there ~
checking your website now. looks great as well! would love to try that bench and create a review about it :)
Just back off before I snap!
I go away a few hours & TCOT becomes prisoners of conscience? Wait here... I'll alert Amnesty International.
you deleted the dataset? The background analysis was already queued.
RT : Never make yo side bitch your main bitch...where they do that at?
going through and fixing licenses on my slideshare uploads - CC-BY-SA for most of them
"Yeah me and Karolenne are gonna go to a concert together!" Oh Bobby, that'll never happen.
I can play a lot better booboo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I swear of Juan bails on Mariel tomorrow, I'm going to be so pissed at him!
If He Would Cheat On Her That Means He Would Cheat On You
Very thankful my remote control has a previous channel button! and rockin' the tube!
Putting a timing chain and water pump on an s10 really sucks. *covered in grease* ugh.
Yeehaw! What is your favorite memory from Pensacola Beach?
said to Boaz, “Acquire for yourself,” he drew off his sandal. 9And Boaz said to the elders and to the rest of the people, “You
Off to Grand Opening Block Party, hoping to meet when I get there! :)
she is so perf sigh
how was dallas?!
At Groves we understand that our seniors have different needs and that those needs change over time.
Well you know my last role was a Bellhop!!! Just Sayin' :-) I have to get showered and head to auditions! C-ya!
Friends, I've been hacked. Do not open a DM from -- supposedly me. Especially do not click the link. I am SO sorry!!
yes! long overdue. I'll send you a mtg request :-)
We appreciate the feedback and the concern. Your definitely not alone, an were working on it. i'll send you contact info.
Two seconds into the amerks game....FIGHT!!!
RT “: About to watch FSU game vs. Cincinnati only time I'm going to say this cuz of #GONOLES”
new background (; & I'm not the chick in the picture with alli, btw, but I took this :D
seen a lot of haters so u know haters gone come like the sun an the moon in the morning.
Hey, thanks for this RT!
its a hot track had to replay it its a club banger!!!!!!!!!!!
got hysterical when I saw your rats post bc I show "arming of the earth too" and always laugh at how it shows up in every essay!
Feeling encouraged to have been one of 15 called back out of hundreds for Cabaret at Hart House. It went reasonably well-Now on to the next:
Merry Christmas from iBand.me !!!
Thanks for caring about the earth!
I can already see the tribune online comments tomorrow.
Next month is my birthday and I'll be special.
you so cute.
Toonami is back! That is awesome!
Girl's night out are the best! That's why I made my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City
Aw how i love my mum:')<3
it would be even more terrifying if Champ Kind said WHAMMY! with a German accent
the xz site claims "30% smaller output than gzip and 15% smaller output than bzip2" so if it lives up to its claims...
Thanks for the blog tweets! Have a lovely Sunday!
Happy Holidays and safe travels from Elite Cake Creations!
Honestly, Greyhound by Swedish House Mafia is better than most sex (cc: )
$2 half pound burgers til 10pm. Come and get it.
Getting ready for the movies!! Gonna watch planet of the apes!(: excited!
Go support your local record store today ..
RT The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
I wanna go to that secret spot u took me to a few yrs back.
My mom never say something bad about my personality.
And thats why this town is still too small
...so people wouldn't think I was the realtor Lori Miller or the cosmetic dentist Lori Miller (2/2).
no no no its not like that :p
is a dick!
Designing a Tumblr theme
Finally! Lol. If he's so consumed in his life affairs should I still persue him?
wit u and zoe
FinanceNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
OMFG THE APP FOR IPAD IS FINALLY HERE
I have been asked to give an address at online commencement of the Fullsale Khanaplan Academy Univeristy.
Congrats Mr. AHL player of the week! Good luck in the Calder Cup Playoffs!! Go ADS!!!
thank ya for the #ff tweet!
i need a job asap!
Anyone else being logged out from Facebook constantly? Or.. any idea why its happening to me?
no problem rafa .
.just dance is broken. it only recives my movements half the time.
The moral of today's news on is don't run away from US Marshals with guns
So true! Romney's like the kid who can't find his shoes. Yesterday: Where are the jobs?! Today: Never mind; found them!
Day 13: Middle of nowhere on the 80 in northern Nevada. Reno to tonight. 14 shows in a row, and feeling it.
Happy Easter, we will be closed tomorrow Sunday in observance of the holiday.
Theres a dead person in my biology class today! Okay, its just fake skeleton :P
thanks bro. Good win for Hoyas!! Otto played well after hit in the mouth
Is Austin done on the radio?
World peace LOL ron artest should have popped out right then LOL
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
My "favorite" is for your photo...not the fact that you lost your cherry garcia.
RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Granger unstoppable right now!
Going to bed listening to Bon Iver and texting Steph about our old memories >
haha word! so many spellings, so little twitter space... :)
Closing Thursday night: 'The Artist', 'Coriolanus', 'We Have a Pope' & 'The Perfect Family'
Tips For The Right Office Furniture | Decorating or redecorating an ...
It's snowing?
Tomorrow. Sabres. Scotland Yard Pub. Beer/cocktails. You heard me...
Rondo. Stop.
they were sent today but looks like there is a delay. If it doesn't arrive by morning I'll send again! ;-)
I dont like u
Noone scrubs the floor with Moves like Jaggar like THIS guy...
What do you hope most for in Life?
I thought I read Odd Future is going on juice cleanse, "fast food is no joke." I was like no way! Then saw its Brite Future.
Air #PantyAndStocking. It doesn't have to be on Toonami.
Oh my god thank you for the follow! This is crazy!
same! Boys with tattoos are my weakness. So hot.
HI BEEN BUSY WITH LITTLE MAN HE IS GROWING SO MUCH I LUV BEING MOMMY HUGS TO ALL
Data needs to be clean. Garbage in garbage out.
Really? o:
The Amazing-Acro Cats @ The Cell is officially sold out for the 4pm and 7pm shows tomorrow!!
Its funny that people think im sleeping when really my heads just down.
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY AND #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERS !!!!! : ) <3 I LOVE YOU MOM
I'm in the market for that sweet taste of nectar but I'll settle for two cantaloupes and a cherry.
Crazy when a heart breaks in never breaks even <U+E40E><U+E409><U+E407>
": Holy cow RT : First Tornado to hit Henryville EF-4, winds estimated at 175mph #INwx" I BELIEVE IT!!
Im Bored And Im Trying To KEEP Myself From Falling Asleep
lol interesting. I decided not to say it though lol
When it back against the wall but you never give..In
RT“ lOl you mean THICKK i bet you over there hungry too . !! BET”
I just downloaded the iPad app that lets you control your Comcast DVR. Pretty slick.
Gatsby was such a damn bro
I KNOW RIGHT.!
Gonna give canned salmon a try for the 1st time in 20 years. Wish me luck.
U gotta booty?
Good workout to relieve stress ah
my son and I saw you first in lobby when we came in. You are a celebrity now! Enjoy act 2.
Diana Ross is all over you can sit your nigger ass down black boy niggers sucks
Nothin' to see. Our ambitions were politically squashed.
who me? Lol
#thuglife I get it
'At the first sign of trouble we run away' Dr. Gerald Tanyi. #self interest
Get the inside scoop on #Venicebiennale from Miami's Bonnie Clearwater. Follow
Just because you apologized doesn't mean my heart is *magically* fixed,Biitch
has a new (or at least to me) wine club! can't wait for my first shipment, and extra miles!!
im reading that too
I followed you.
its good to have you guys back! God bless!
and I don't stop until we get what's ours. Goodnight! See you in the morn.
Just watched #BigTimeMovie? best movie ever!!!!!! Love Big Time Rush!!!!
KAY GUIZE I TURNED OFF THE TUMBLR POSTS TO TWITTER THING
TY : #Innovation event #Boston showroom ! Social media strategies shared by hosted by
Any publishers out there with resources for COUNTER compliance (human, written, tools, etc?)
Thank you for being so brilliant and cognizant of chapped little noses!
Just eat it already!
Opened Sherwin Family's Cellar Scraps 4 today.
Back in San Diego this weekend. Spinning Friday @ Stingaree and Saturday @ Float.
5 weeks until Israel, Jordan, and Turkey! I cannot wait...
what motivates me is my kids.Have to keep myself in da best health for them as well as myself.Im leading my babies by example.
Who do you hate more? Yankees or the Red Sox?
lol -Big T
Happy #FollowFriday (via )
Man the devil is BUSY!! but when you're a child of God you know everything is already taken care of so there's no need to worry.
Maybe is readingRT : graduation's on ur bday and ur valedictorian y do u want something so impossible
:) Can't wait to show you. Hope all is well. I'm still crutching it. Will be back up there I think by the end of the month.
Weekend. Ride, Cut and lime yard, finish door, choose counter color.
We form addictions to distract ourselves from ourselves. Peel away what u r addicted to and, BOOM, there you are. Be present &
#TwoWordsThatTerrifyConservatives MADISON WISCONSIN
uhm i cant see you so i cant katie is in and out of he way
Boys that are tatted up >>.
Ima try to stay up tonight (:
In Japan on New Year's eve, toshikoshi soba (buckwheat noodles), symbolizing longevity, are served.
Speaking of devil, I was swimming with them this evening ;-)
Always weigh your options
Have you had a chance to listen to "The Wanderer"?
aw you're sweet :) followed!!
will EAD eventually include images of all relevant documents if it doesn't already? If only scanning were as interesting as writing.
Why do I have the Bee Gees in my head right now wtf
When your mom is on time to school and you are late...
i play the alphabet all the time with my friends now. haha. its so funn.
We are now selling seats in the balcony for Fanfara. Call 502-584-7777 to hear tomorrow @ the Kentucky Center
I don't see the problem...
Bruschetta a la carte: simply creative
Get your drinking pants on; The Captain will be back Thursday!
Do you get ass by the pounds?
GOOD MORNING #PITTSBURGH! What's on your schedule for today?
Success is not apple pie and ice cream...Bambroke Santoyo. I love all three but I love success most.
my "smart phone" is too stupid to realize the difference between a finger and a face.
Common rangers. Wtf. I can't stand Washington and thy need to go from this playoffs
Throws up in my mouth lmao
oh lighten up Chelsey
Welcome. Heading out to ski Keystone with my nephew who's in the AirForce Academy - this will be a humbling experience!
Can`t stand the sight of that mutt.
It be that way sometimes
Having a good time writing new material, booking shows, and planning our next recording. What have you guys been up to?
People who try to drag race me <<< #GTFO i dont do that shit
shout out to the guy who made my sandwich at that baltimore sub shop and told me osama bin laden was dead, one year ago today
it was meant to be. Written in the stars!
If you can't be happy when you don't have what you want you'll never be happy when you get what you want.
oh my gosh i feel like im slow :(
If you want the password for FREE COVER tonight, please text "ENVY" to 46786. We'll send it out before 9pm :)
I don't want to talk about it hahahahahaha.
I think this pussy up the street wants to suck my dick, he keeps offering to eat out my exes...
I keep losing my tumblr followers
With my baby .
reccommend u listen to my shows w cassidy mcmillan Rats and Bullies interviews she tells good stuff on doc making
“: Jazz Musicians to Protest at 6 NYC Jazz Clubs Tonight”
The Local Strangers and Squirrel Butter will be kicking off the Family Matinee Feb 4th! Come out and enjoy!
sweet dreams.
no we are not.
Who gone love you like ME? NOBODY !
Pitt now @ the doubletree hotel
Morning guys! We want to announce that you can now search for jobs in CANADA, USA, JAPAN, UK, GERMANY! www.joborworker.com
Last night's and show at ruled! Thanks to all who packed the room
Welcome to the wonderful world of iOS 5. Bye, bye Blackberry.
Back in the wrap area at the Xmas party! Lots of kids and families!
Love ya too! (:
Any suggestions for where our chief meteorologist should go live in the 5 & 6 shows today? What's happening this weekend?
The past is a good place to visit, but definitely not a good place to stay.
ME TO cross your fingers for me!
thank u babe :-)
That in Penn Hills is schmackin, DQ not so much
any1 know of any film that looks at women in the workplace? I don't want to lecture for my 4 hour class tomorrow - least not the whole time!
I've just realised this is the 3rd Friday in a row I have been ill...seriously? FF is starting to mean something much different in my world.
My girl Katy taught Russell a lesson in her performance at the Grammys. Strong independant diva who don't need no man
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 1
Earl sweatshirt...
Tip: Mark valuables with the engraver. Inscribe your WA or OR driver’s license number. Never use your Social Security number!
dodge ball tourney sucked.....
sweet! Ok
It's almost time for #WRESTLEMANIA !!!!! Retweet with what match your looking forward to most!
that's pritty funny:)
thanks bro, you'll be getting one soon or anything else you want made!
show some love to your Pacers and DC2... We miss to in Indy!
Animal house is by far one of the best movies of all time.
I loved it, good shit! Specially since you don't use any cues and stuff haha. Nice job!
#RightNow I am watching #NCIS and replying to your Tweet :)
Please note, we are starting at 2PM!!!! for this Saturday's Flip Cup Tourney.
Mike Pomeranz wanted to fly to Germany to do a series of stories on Twins prospect Max Kepler. They said no & that's why he took off for SD.
Really thankful I get to do what I want to do for a living. Coach basketball (and teach)
It compels me to think of a joke using 'fracking'.
Are you tired of not understanding where the food trucks will be? Well problem solved. Just "FOLLOW" me and ill tell you where they are.
: I love Sweetie Pies!!!! Great Show....
He was in California (Oakland I think) to watch Mark Appel pitch IIRC.
. is disgusted with the lack of professionalism by poker pros.
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
Monitronics is a Five Diamond Certified Central Station because of our commitments to quality and customer service.
lmao RT : Yoo before you ride around and spend it
I felt smug to be finishing in 1:45 on 26" nobbies. Then I saw a giant man on a Hubway & in a tutu had bested me, and I was humbled.
What ever happened to Donell Jones?
I like big penis in the mornin <U+2764>
may say (Ya Know) 50 more times than LL cool J licks lips . ya know bahahahah
First two picks were a given
I haven't recorded with it but the specs should be more than enough to do it. It's basically a flat desktop computer.
2 more weeks till im outta modesto!
It goes down <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
I Am What I Am And We Get It How We Live It
Any niggah that watch you up and down want something you got
Oh shit. Big explosion at the sub-station near my apartment. Power's out and there's a lot of smoke.
Congratulations to our students who are done with finals, and good luck to those who have not -- so close to the finish line!
DYK? Shirley Jackson,1st AA woman commissioner of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission was a member of DST ..
holy shit. Please tell me you said hi
:P just me being a dill weed
what's the "R" word?
But I Set Fire To The Rain :P
Comparison in "looks" and "love" is a disease.
This! RT : Instead of complaining about someone on your TL unfollow them Viola #ProblemSolved :)
What a beautiful day! Hiking in Griffith Park? Or exploring at the Old L A Zoo?
It's always a good sign when people remember you at a callback
Wonders how much it would cost to eliminate all student debt? What would you buy if you didn't have student
Prayers go out to Dick Clarks family and thanks for making every new years eve a "rockin" one
i don't think you have the right account, since i have no clue what you are talking about, haha. sorry!
Met u after u opened for JL Hooker at Bumbershoot, gave u our CD, u said u had in ur player at home. Fireball Brady! see u tonight!
Happy Birthday, ! Have a fantastic day!
agreed. any 9-yr old who cares about "trending" needs to get smacked.
wishing there were more almonds in this cranberry/almond trail mix
Reps Crenshaw & Smith 2 launch Caucus on Effective Foreign Assistance today! . . .
getting my roots done tomorrow =]
JYJ should use mass text messaging to keep their fans up on their recent tour. www.zesmo.com
LAUGHABLE >GE filed TAX RETURN 14 BILLION profit & paid NO TAXES Obama appointed GE CEO Jeff Immelt to head his commission on job creation
#100Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each - For July we will we be painting in southwest colors, sienna's, golds', all types of reds.
and the $1k advance for tinkers -- won the pulitzer in fiction this year. to quote ld: money should be made from book sales.
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." ~Mark Twain
Much to do. Please make this a productive night...
p.s. email me! you never told me what happened last week!
opening a propel water bottle with a knife is ill-advised...as my pointer finger would point out if it wasn't bleeding
Did you know we will serve more than 1,400 individuals and families with developmental disability this year?
Cranberries have numerous health benefits. They are full of vitamin manganese.
The heat loss.. Chris Noah effect.. kno Indiana can Ball
just had 4 chicken biscuits myself, I don't like you either.
best receivers n the League! The most underrated #WRs 2 my favorite is #JordyNelson!! everytime he scores I scream JORDYYYYYY!
LieN on the floor I'VE COME UNDONE!!!!!
It is wise to be dispassionate about critical comments.
I'm wearing really warm thigh-high socks, but they keep sliding down. =/ How to fix this?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???..??.
Incidentally, wide-scale police militarization far precedes Occupy or 9/11, 's "Overkill" a good summary
Chocolate and coffee may be the only thing that keeps me from killing my dad tonight.
enjoy Thursday. DR in the house.
i'm in exit row. attendant says, "u can familiarize you with escape if you like in case plane crash".
Love saved my day
Greinke 2.0. Except this is far worse RT : Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
Getting excited about all of the community projects that we have coming up!
Starting my summer off right ;)
Dang 10 months already with him <3 , feels like its been way shorter
great show. It's actually the President's favorite show too.
Ok Well haha were 9 hours behind u here in az
one of your court fines?
How am i suppose to heal you, if you don't tell me where it hurts
middle of nowhere
I do, but only because of the Rollerblade factor
#shoutout to my newest followers and my frat brother
Developing Data Attribution and Citation Practices and Standards Intl Symposium and Workshop
"...his most ludic and peculiar project to date."
FOLLOW my other account please! I just made it today! I follow back!<U+30C4>
My mom woke up with a mini hangover..ctfu wow
“: Indian people smell really good.”
You are truly a team player and we as Ravens fans would be happy to have you here next year.
i swear to god if you don't shut up i'll will break your nose, it will look better (:
Sounds delicious :)
WHO hey ICONiacs I'm your new admin&i promise I'll be helping to keep this page active with imagines&ICONic Facts&more(= ~Rebecca
Did Steve Carrel turn to his wife and say "that was just okay" about the opening..
If you do not have a guy that does not mean you should settle for any crap
I am often befuddled by the disparity between Amtrak and airplanes every time I research a trip.
Man. Between Toobin on SCOTUS and Coll on Exxon & PACs, this week's New Yorker is really depressing
RT : Cultural Competence Key to Biz Success, Profitability. SHRM Announces Final Lineup, diversity conf., Oct. 24-26 in DC...
im sho still up wish we was texting each other doe
I just can't wait to be king!
First day of summer school. -_- Who is ready for some #WeekendEats? :)
Does she know about the times u used to hold me wrapped me in ur arms and how u told me im the only one...u had the BEST days of ur life
Interesting... from Yahoo! News: Accidental 911 calls are 38% of all emergency calls in NYC: ‘Butt-dials’ on rise.
I can taste my eye drops...eww
Tonight's pint night is staropramen! The glasses are quite nice:)
Sure, no problem I talked with Kathy of for an article and enjoyed learning about the group
I have make up smeared everywhere. It looks like I got punched in the eye lol.
#SustUnbound is motivation for action INSTRUMENTAL (ie, you expect they result in a good outcome) or resultant impact on self & others?
I think there's a Murphy's law for that! Had similar experience with dishwasher.
Working as usual! Can't get enough of it!!! :D
Crossovers: Practice crossing over between snare and floor tom & between rack and floor toms. Slow to fast!
hmm. I may reconsider my position then...
Nite, Tweeters. Starting the week off in church.
It's called James Bond Unmasked and will be available on Amazon. I interviewed all six actors and chronicle the evolution.
PP is *the* major deliverer of health care to poor women. It's not the only venue, just the most important one.
“: Kinsey thinks I got the bronchitis, Jesus! So to honor my bronchitis, I didn't wear my shoes or nothing.” Do you have time for this?
Excellent pics. Great to c dialogue and exchange btw/such an impressive #Pakistan delegation + influential US policymakers!
<3 thx! RT : Had a nice chat getting to know more about and the great arts edu work they do w/ youth in the Bronx.
Exhausting day, but so excited to see the #semweb & #lodlam communities converging tonight at
Rules say no laptops/tablets on bench. Lakers mad. Nuggets LOL. Could be a big fine for Nuggets, but maybe not. Much ado, etc.
“: Me: I know a gay guy that sounds like an owl. Friend: Who?...... Fuck you.” LMFAO I'm using this on someone tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Day 1 down ....3 more- if I can get through today's 9:30am- 9pm- it'll e smooth sailing...
my students love this app so does this SLP
alright thanks
Slick work on IMA's new site. Like the megamenus and stream. HTML looks clean under the hood. Nice job on the mobile site too.
Ha. Okay.
Japans earthquake and tsunami was on 3.11.10. on friday. Not on thursday..
Thanks for coming over today!!!
no you didn't! Keep your head up don't lose your confidence because of one off day!
I have the biggest crush on a straight boy!!!!!!
I'm FUCKING SLEEPING guise, stahp bothering me.
IF my life was a tv show, new episodes would air thursday nights at 9...
Yo.....what y doing tomorrow
that pic is bad ass!
I did mufucka and tell me why I put you in a rap wen I was freestyling at sku lol it was raw
just something i like to bangs out on the keyboard
I'm the TOPFLIGHT bitch, ride or die, I know u wanna slice of my pie. I'm all bout dis PAPER GAME, now get yo butt naked ass up, SALUTE!
PEACE OUT SPRING SEMESTER 2012
Stay Classy<3
Heading to Portugal!! Vistas here I come!
that's why you guys haven't seen me!
Yes, multiple different consoles. No love on any different consoles.
Yeah Im Going To Sleep With Youur Jacket You Gave Me , Even Tho Were Not Together . I Still Caree
thanks my friend! stay in touch :)
after further review, it's cheaper for me to stay in my apartment until the end of my lease than it is to move out
just got a jolt of AWAKE from a laser treatment. All good now. :)
Upgraded from saltine crackers to popsicles...woo
Watching Kenny Chesney: Summer in 3D!
We had a fantastic lunch!
watching Shark Tank
I can't still on Skype lolol Skype after dark bitch ;)))
": You are the dreamsmith, able to mould your life into the shape you wish."
Rudy Gay
Want an original #MIKELPATRIK at an incredible price? Check out an #artomat location in a city near you!
For Christmas you should follow EVERY ONE of our followers. Click through the list and follow them all! They're good people!
uh oh. Because she's not logged in? Will have a look.
Hope for Women Magazine will be there! Looking forward to it! :)
Sounds like a Crossfit workout.
Thank. You! Tired of ppl using the internet to complain about spoilers. RT : Sorry. I suggest not using things like the internet
I was trying to send you a message but it wouldn't go thru. I was STARVING. No lunch no dinner.
I like great songs. Doesn't really matter the genre <3
I'm sorry Diddy Dirty Money. No disrespect intended
you're welcome!
in the bathroom at the library Lasy walked in then quickly walked out lol
To the dudes pretending to throw their girlfriends off a bridge into the Milwaukee River:
#zonamaco12 ruining my sleep patterns
What sort of lunch special would YOU create? Thinking of a day a week where you decide what's served that day. What say you?
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
At the end of my career I wanna be able to say I have fought the good fight, I finished the race, I HAVE kept the faith.
Great quote from Cory Doctorow in NYT article. He gives away ebook versions of some books. "...my problem isn’t piracy. . .It’s obscurity.”
Kobe and the lake show.
2 minutes in signing with today I had an audition lined for for later on! So great!
Really mom?
Well, without Peyton Hillis we do need a fullback.....
Thank God It's Friday!!
Stop in for a bite from our "Small Plates" menu in the lounge and enjoy our Happy Hour drink specials from 4:00-7:00pm
#slskey Go, learn and build relationships
testing a tab
Who wants two FREE movie tickets? Tell us what movie you want to see to enter! Multiple entries accepted!
Beer is now cheaper than GAS! Which is more reason to not Drink and Drive!
some of those pistachio commercials have me rollin'..
HI TINA (:
Beach, tan, beach, tan, beach, tan! #PlansForTheSummer :)
I love <3
First day of hitting time to weed out the weak
There's nothing like Girl Scouts coming to your door and buying a box 'cause they're adorable :)
Thanks for the idea! That kind of thing would probably be perfect for the Market Days downtown next month.
My assumption is that they would keep the Rams with the 49ers, and the Vikes in the North. Moot point now, I guess
when aren't I happy talking to you
hopes calmoots embraces the guitar game.
Dirty sprite and dro is all i know.
Will standing on my head help ideas to flow better?
preach. RT : #inthe90s I had an unhealthily close relationship with my Tamagotchi
what makes you think one isn't already on the way?
Dear soundtrack to The Saint (1997), Thanks for making everything possible. Love, Speedy-Kyle
Watch “T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle” Episode 9 -
Yadadadada I mean
Angela Corey is not giving up info no matter how many times reporters ask the same question in a different way.
I had the same exact thing for an afternoon snack. Yum!
A lot of familiar faces from the Boston Drupal Design Camp
The smoking lounge in BNA is much nicer than I thought it would be...
Mothers Day to Fathers Day Special is coming soon! Watch for a Beginnings Bulletin announcing special prices.
RT if you know who Jenna Marbles is . (:
Using my dildo tonight!!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
lol oh yeah
but when we lived together in NYC, Holland and Denmark, she could whip up some amazing creations with just our sad lil hot plate!
smiling no matter what! Have an amazing day my friends!! Thank you for all of your support & shopping with DND DESIGNS smiles...
Need to get a better seat for my bike. #Biking 20 miles made my butt hurt.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try taking up a new sport
don't give up!
I want to meet them so bad I am so obsessed with them! Y do they have 2 be so gorgeous?!
Hope all the #college students enjoying their summer so far be safe out there where ever you are
funnier if you said WWII-US wasn't in WWI for more than 2 years ;)
#What2ChainzWouldSay: 1 Neck, 2 Chainz, 3 Cars, 1 Range, I Take Your Girl, She Pay The Bills, Then I Put Her To Sleep NYQUILLLLLLL !!!!
I'm going to be a goddamn mess
I thought you'd like that. Had too share.
hope u made it home ok!
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
The unexpected awkwardness of no awkwardness at all..
Competition isn't always by your side?
Loved seeing old LA friends at #ideation12 dinner tonight
Stealing from the poor and giving to the rich.
Amazing finish!!! RT : #KennyPowers can not be destroyed.
RT 75 yrs ago today GM workers in Flint took over the factories & occupied them for 44 days. They won, & the middle class was born.
nice. I don't know who i'd want on my Portugal Euro jersey this year. I might get the person who should be there, ;)
Dudes jealous/worried bout sumthin that aint there, douchebag.
Bynum is such a little bitch sometimes
good morning
im thirsty but i dont wnna get up
You are so CREEPY
Gurrrrl, preach it!
shopping for you?
I didn't say you asked...
when r u coming to Phoenix?
The meeting was a good learning experience. So much brain power!!!
“: 1. Vodka is made from potatoes. 2. Potatoes are vegetables. 3. Vegetables are good for you. You're welcome.”
hitting the #LosAngeles streets June 16th. it's vacation time
Ha! Truth. Getting as much a head start as I can, but counting on that last minute lightning inspiration...
on a mission
and I'm Casey Jones:show up every few episoes w sporting equipment.
#ScienceChatUpLines I must be sin^2x and you must be cos^2x , cause if you sum it together the answer is 1
Ahaha I don't be getting on this that's why lol today was the most I've tweeted in a while
you guys covered as far as cam/lighting/editing goes?
thank you that means alot
Is the watch party for MVP season ticket holders only?
A good girl with standards that I can introduce to the fam >
Is anyone actually going to ACL this year? Seems like EVERYONE is trying to unload tix on Craigslist.
Most women are modivated so i act accordingly,But This is so refreshing it means a little more to me ! SLAPPIN
finals sucked dick. some time at the pool should be relaxing
so we have mars, hendrix or jagger for puppy names so far...what do u think? eeeep! cant wait. <3
Love this image!
ha ha ha, that's so funny the last time i heard that i laughed so hard i fell off my dinosaur!
HIW...sounds like a new STD.
you serious ??? Awwwe man
If everyone is tired of all the people in their town and all the drama then branch out and make new friends from other places. Not hard lol
Hey. Newt just criticized the news media.
Your favorite Latino, Diego Orbegoso (11th grade), here. I can honestly say #Bookinaday is phenomenal. The cover design is looking sick!
Follow back bro.
Dirty Joke Alert! Coming in 2 min. For more, follow us
Elevator convo with a man. Told him I was from a reporter from ROC. He sighs, says: "Kodak was like Apple when I was growing up."
#InstantTurnOn Cook for me
thanks for the kind words Daynah. Keep improving those typing speeds! (99% acc means you could type a lot faster if less cautious)
haha too easy
anyone know what's up with the firetruck at vinegar hill? hearing a lot of sirens.
Me and are falling for hard....
Fantastic weekend. 2 accepted offerrs and one waiting. Great time to list your house. Call me for proven results 585-455-2443
Are you still creeping biebs..? BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..? ILY TO DEATH....
Getting no sleep cause I'm on baby night shift #:(
Dear 8 pound 6ounce newborn infant Jesus dont know a word yet just a lil infant so cuddly but still omnipotent, help our
damn I was ripped
i had to answer it. i used a wonderful source i found too, believe it's called common sense
haha yeah<3 but sadly i wont be able to attend her show in NYC tmrw :(
interesting. How come there is a strong perception that Seattle is a depressingly wet city?
It's fun to do a comedy and hook people in and then hoodwink them into watching a serious movie
Hi , great to see you on Twitter. We still love what you did for our place here in SFB (twice), how are you?
I'm a email you a contract price list now...
Who wants tickets for the 26th?
It's Friday and weather is amazing! I'm going to eat beer for lunch!
It's a miracle I no longer have to cleeeaann #inlove with the cleaner
Green Century to host free e-waste collection event this saturday 11 to 3 at the new Ultimate Electronics store .. www.e-cycleoregon.com
Welp there goes the Bulls season. Let's just give the Miami Heat the trophy already and sit patiently till football season.
Media Earnings Beat Expectations on Higher Advertising and Digital
Tickle tickle
Haven't seen you for awhile browser. How's it going
Thank you. Wiped out. I'm so tired that I can't think straight
Loving the Blue Star happy hour for
I say whatever im thinking
yo yo. Had the latest vintage of Tous Syrah last night....damn fine! Similar oak program to 09?
You're adorable, lolol. I guess we'll have to spend more Fridays there! :D
hahaha! Oh munch bar.. I should go there again..
you definitely out-kicked your coverage. :)
Follow our New Up Cominq Group at
I do love the Roman Mysteries series. But I'm kind of surprised that there aren't many other options.
Track meet !!
oh cool that's great
I my love
MT : I've had meaningful collaborations [via the digital] w/people I haven't even met. True.
WOO! FOUR NEW HOLES IN MY HEAD OH YEAH.
M, MC pie!
Playing a show in our hometown of Cincinnati SATURDAY NIGHT at come drink bourbon... damnit
- thanks! we try really hard to continually improve our awesomeness. glad it's working :)
Slides look nice, and thanks for the shout-out …
Me & the fam are hittin up tonight! Can't wait for those sour cream & chive fries!
Heavy stuff. Hope it doesnt go in vain.
How come America doesn't have those crazy high speed trains Europe has?
hm palo or arbor view..
Averted by some happy stroke of fortune
Check out our label Hieroglyfics at: ://www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyficsLet us know what you think.
lol my 3yr old niece repeated me once and said "dang gurl" could have been worse
Just when I thought it was safe to open mail box. Crap Jury Duty notice this should be fun. At least no governors are on trial.
Pandora, how exactly does Modest Mouse fit into my Coil radio station?
Lisbeth Salander might be my fav character ever. I'd name my daughter Lisbeth, but that'd be like naming your son Oedipus. Or something.
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low.
Establish a beautiful balance between content that helps your audience find what they<U+FFFD>re looking for easily, without overwhelming them
"#Success is for those who know what they want and go after it." -Jacques A. Nasser (President and CEO, Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI)
Internet has been down all morning @ work but I've managed to look busy while avoiding working on my monthly report. I'm a slacker genius.
What do I have to do get to follow me?!?!? I vote for him every week
The things I gt myself into
Supposedly a Stone Cold Steve Austin reference.
u got it bro
Listenin to "Only Girl by Rihanna RT if u member wher this song is from #memories :)
I kno u liked it
Romantic movies give unrealistic expectations to women about men & ruin relationships..Porn has the same affect on men-
Thank you for following! Floriole is one of our favorite spots in the city to eat, meet and work.
pimp walking n disappearing like always lol
Ah, each dev is responsible for maintaing the strings file. :( I lived that pain and saw the light of genstrings at Apple.
TY! RT A big cheers to our new followers!
"A smile confuses an approaching frown." -Unknown
you got this! Kane is going down!
RT : RT : Stealing honey. I need to bee-hive myself lol
Last PGH sports officiating blunder this bad was the Bettis coin flip. Steelers tanked after that. What happens now to Bucs?
someone like you, Rollin in the deep, chasing pavements
happy birthday, HJH! You crazy, entertaining, song star, you!
Well I'm just about finished with ISF.. now flying out to Minnesota in the morning!
Haircut? Check. Wait, is this a sharpie? Ugh! I probably shouldn't have put the check mark on my head.
keep those people in check lmao
I've been twice but only to the new one, never to the Ryman, even though I grew up in Nashville (for 3 years, anyway).
Keeping certain dishes dirty so I can't use them to make more pie.
#Badgers just can't miss. Taylor hits another 3. UW is 7 of 12 from downtown
Thanks to a wonderful trio of guest speakers last night: Stephen Marinaccio, Ron Frankel & Bill Dance. You gave us all a lot to think about.
Thanks to all who have been helping us spread word about our CNN headline yesterday. It means the world to many children!
Tough story today. Getting arrest affidavit in case of woman accused of allowing several men to have sex with her daughter. Story at 6.
stranded in Denver by United incompetence.
The most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor...is the mind of the oppressed." - Steve Biko
When you call republicans on the lies they tweet they block you. Glad to see they have gotten a handle on their anger issues.
mm English schools:)xx
we can't wait to hug you!
People always think I do that on purpose .
Brooklyn Babylon a brilliant new multimedia collaboration between composer Darcy James Argue and artist Danijel Zezelj debuted tonight WOW!!
First rule of marketing - know your audience! Women over 30 could care less about Bieber.
“: Then stick up for Carissa but don't tweet about how Amanda is fat cus clearly you need to look in a mirror” HAHAHAH
I seldom reply to your tweets, but I certainly don't ignore them. Did they really define "ignore" as "not replying"?
haha killin as well bout to go to a beach bash
Everybody and my beloved twitter frenz pls follow me
Thanks for the one handed follow!
Finally bought my ticket for ALA. Whew. Also, driving up to see my mom/hometown for a few days beforehand! Yippee!
agreed - bill frisell has been one of my faves for years - try writing to him (good writing music is few and far between!)
Right!! She says he weighs 32 pounds!
I haven't seen in over a year. I miss him. :(
It would be I would cook her dinner & we would have a movie marathon including all the Harry Potter movies.
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
Ahh. Yep, that was it. I wish the message would have specified... I'm in now. Thanks!
mobilairtech.com one of our clients was at the CTIAWIRELESS.com show
Why God created it for marriage only. RT : Sex really complicates things.
19 has been a great year.. God, My Family, & Mentors are Constantly Correcting, Loving , & Protecting. 20ies Is Going To Be Spectacular. =)
ALCL on the run thin on level 2
If I Had A Gun everybody that gets on my nerves would be dead n I would be doing life 0_o
Sum ppl gettin me fuckd up wit sum average rappers thinkin ill be garbage n wont bother 2 listen. But once they listen find out watz good
I need someone to talk to who will actually LISTEN, not just pretend ...
I do like Batman. I will go see the new movie that comes out on July.
Classic Hip-Hop albums on vinyl are some of the #ThingsILookFor!!
Smoked Gouda mac & cheese with a glass of wine is a sure fire way to raise one's spirits—just saying
Agreed. Football is a physical game - but knowing what we know about concussions...it's sickening.
woohoo congratulations to you too!!! :)
People treat each other well when they r in front of each other, that's easy. 2 b able 2 respect each other while U are apart, that's love.
I need a hat
Playing some good baseball ugla just hits a homerun we need too keep this up lets go
#PhotoServices #OnLocation #Studio What part of NC u in?
back off DUFF
Dayton says he's not willing to make "barbaric" cuts that will hurt the most vulnerable. Proposes $3 billion in tax increases on wealthy.
don't you put that evil on me!
Motherfuckers who threw pennies at my car I will fucking find you
I thought I wanted a career. Turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Monday is DadVlog day!
#baked relaxing before work
LocalBonus is proud to be a part of #ERA2 www.betabeat.com/2012/01/09/entrepreneurs-roundtable-announces-class-for-second-accelerator/
The "?" Isn't: what r my limits? The ? is: why do I limit?
haha not at the moment :) but I'll let you know!
Try to keep up.
Sorry to hear that!! Renter's insurance is usually pretty cheap per month and definitely worth every penny. Hope you're OK!
Morning, looks like we are going to have a beautiful day!
lovin the weather! 68 and sunny
Still cleaning strong. Late night
I get twitter, get bored, n move on 2 #Instagram. Im such a #TrendFollower smfh
what's you favorite song?
: My parents are cooking a spicy, #Indian #dinner for my in-laws tonight. I am in denial:-)
That 70's Show can always make my day better. (: #stillhadashittydaybutwhatever #longhashtags I'm such a cool kid.
we will be having a another twitter contest coming soon where the winner will be in our magazine!
Also guys....Ben Stiller is real short.
laying at home with my little kitten talking to you >>>
I can't handle my twitter feed without you!!! COME BACK TO ME MY MINAJESTY!
Kimmel just did same Hillary Clinton joke as Letterman did 10 minutes ago. Showed old tanned lady as being Hillary...
I really can't believe you just had the balls to text me. Get outt my face , youre not worth my time.
I'm off this, night tweeters<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
Day 2 down of #rawfast - feeling much better now than during first day. Productivity at an #alltimehigh - Hungry, but not physically
deepest thing u ever said to me. BTW howd u get 2k followes ur not that likeable a lawyer
What's future of aggregation? & robowriters? : No way 2 prepare for 2022. Need workable principles not rules
Happy New Year Everyone!
how do you know
STEVE BLAKE
smoke signals say Weeden won't get by Cleveland at 22nd pick
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do all that they ever dreamed of so they can see that it's not the answer.
I have a hectic schedule this semester. How about you?
That Nap Though .
haha suck it up buttercup jk
Whoever hates Dragon's Lair was too poor to play the game repeatedly. Or didn't have a 3DO.
Good Morning Beautiful People! This is the day that the Lord has made I shall rejoice and be glad in it!
LOL...that's the same bunch that compared Siva to Wall. That's like comparing a turd to a Reese's Cup.
We love ur show Guy,check out our new food concession at KONEZEE. Keep up the good work! A novelty new item ,pizza in a kone!
God loves a lullaby in a mother's tears in the dead of night, better than a Hallelujah sometimes.
THANK YOU LORD FOR ANOTHER DAY
In a beer pong comp. At puttnys right now!!
I get so frustrated when I can't make the simplest thing on my comuter work. I need to date a best buy GEEK. lol
East soundz like the west, north like the south s'all good, a good sound izza good sound period
Setting my goals for today right now!! What's yours?
More Brazil Bob-0-Link is here... Lots of roasting happening tomorrow.
Thank You Have a fun weekend!
I own a modeling site called Namingthenameless Sming... Check it out on facebook!
want us to set up a bday party for you?
Soo sleepy... Must rally to go out!
Let me guess: it's an iPhone 3G (non "3GS") like my dinosaur that crawls on iOS 4.2 & needs memory clear or reboot hourly
yeah, i'm in. just let me know when.
I see you Eloy!
rocking out to #TheTime by the black eyed peas with !! :D
Thankfully, Hope he's alright that was quite a match he got caught up in
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself." - Albert Einstein
Let's just cut to the chase here: Bah humbug
Watching #CollegeOfCharleston at Davidson
Main Event intros are underway! Lange/Shields for WBC USNBC Super Welterweight! #boxing -ms
At Woodbine today, like #4 Sharons Prince and #5 Cardiac Rehab in the 9th.
trinamahone <<--- FOLLOW HER !! ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!! <U+2665>
Laura Lynch,Worldwide Contamination Dumping radioactive water in2 Pacific O constitutes potential triggerof global radioactive contamination
A good reminder that I have work waiting for me prepping some of ours to go on the web. Thanks!
I love you! And you need to calm yourself, girl.
oh yeah....well and and I had brownies in ours...so take that!
RT : MLB.com always used Flash, but video was WMV. Last year they had SL as WMV client. (good clarification of Flash video)
If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help
Murs in the house
So is the best and got me chocolates for vday...and i just ate the whole box
It's Friday! Which means it's time to make every muscle in my body beg for mercy! Haha!
Pool party at my house everyday lol
& this might sound a lil messed up ..but I would get that girl pregnant on purpose
"A woman's polite devotion is her greatest beauty" - African proverb. Happy Mother's Day
RT : But, in other news, we received some awesome design and user interface advise from over at !
cool story. RT Im read & play Avengers 4 Dylan's this tweet: "Avengers was incredible" but really Avengers was incredible!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Dallas?
Paul Pierce block!
One good way to stay on target to reach your dream is to "Wake up curious, and determine to get a answer".
Congrats on winning EPT Copenhagen. One of the good guys.
ah, well I'm hyped for Guardians of the Galaxy, fingers crossed for Rocket Racoon!
Well it depends. Are you looking at Meeting Center? How many participants?
thanks for the follow
Thank U for the follow, keep doin good.
Friday Humor: "It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose." - - Darrin Weinberg
#uco is playing no games right now
Just got this great PPR draft guide from Some really great in depth writing; you should check it out. Thanks again guys
Our George Strait Christmas CDs have arrived!...the holidays are officially here
u r awsome call me im almost home lol <3 miss u lets do somtin tomorrow come get my nails done wit me lol
While Validation::Class 5.50 is not intended to be an object system or Moo/Moose compatible, it is becoming a viable alternative
I am the next best thing. Check me out in my LIVE PERFORMANCES and you will be see. www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
my two year old nephew said he wants u to come to his bday party n june 11 he said he wants u to sing for him
only thing to be ashamed of is not starting a local archery club tonight!
Go follow doin good for kids :)
Thanks for the follow also follow my personal page “ music over $”
Magic mother fucker...
Off to train at ! I've got some new goals for May, so I'm getting a head start.
I just filled out my absentee ballot for to be Wisconsin's next Governor and to be the next Lt. Governor!!!
I cried because you're a perfect human being.
Doing make-up work is NOT the business right now -.- I regret not doing them on time.
Dezmon is so cute ;)
Congrats to the on an amazing win last night! What an honor to be able to attend the Rose City's 1st ever MLS game!
God will never give you more then you can handle . So just saddle up and get riding .
With spring break!!!!!!!
he was like, "i'm gonna tap that(cuz their texting), and she was like, "as soon as your here" nd he was like, "let's go"
Slumlord Studios Hoping to be played on The Radio Cafe Indie Music Countdown! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Just 3 more weeks til we're in woohoo!
Crazy day today. Crazy day. XD
#ff <-- *beep, beep, beep* who is in her home away from home
I need a haircut
Oh my god I'm gonna die. Serious food poisoning. :O it hurts so bad.
Cara wins!! This is proof that for a leader your fashion inner voice should be the last voice you listen to.
Just left the movies #ThinkLIKEMan it was such a good movie surprisingly.Now I am feeling all giddy and want 2 fall in love
TSA said today they aren't planning any changes to current procedure. (crossed my mind too)
no it dont get much better lol. JOSHIE i got this coolies and cream chapstick that girls keep telling me smells amazing. hint hint
No Ya Ass Out Hun
Just made some of the best pancakes
he's 22, there's no hope
Opinions on 'salary history' for job apps? Show you can follow instructions by obeying or does inclusion hurt more than help?
SOMEONE IS LOST&I NEED TO GET BACK ON CAMPUS&FUCKING STUDY
Weight watchers is working... 2.8 pounds my first week. Yay
I take it the swipe date didn't go so hot. Let's hear it. Who pulled the disappearing act?
I am ready to get off work and take my ass to sleep.
HAHAHAHHA this will be great:))
So concise, so smart. "What's High School For?" from
milk was a bad choice
Can i take you out to dinner when i get back.
anything going on?
Christina Perri said it best "A Thousand Year"!
But they for sure weren't called "YA."
When did asking someone to the prom become such a public display?
Now that we're gearing up for Fall, you can enjoy the warm comfort foods you desire - just watch your portion sizes.
There are things you want to do. There are things you have to do. And then there's television which most often ends up being neither.
I think it's answer your phone day in the library.
/ Happy belated birthday, guys! Hope the party was a good one... (were balloon animals involved?)
Recently heard from my friend Kim Kirmeier, who just joined a really cool training, video and LMS company called Badiyan. Discovered that I…
I would say in some cases it can
No practice tommrow yeah !
They still in there? Has Gregg taken them hostage, the way he's already done with #orioles fans?
I walk outside everyday and instantly start sneezing. Allergy life.
Wow whats up with Elliott's 5 Hole??? Looking like Fleury out there! Affiliate call up??
Philosoraptor: "If steroids are illegal for athletes, why isn't auto-tune illegal for musicians?"
thanks so much for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or furniture!
Major considerations shaping the work we do: storage has been moving offsite, that docs are migrating to digital forms
Few men have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
There are three types of people, people that can count and people that can't
"stop it..stop talking like that" - Ron Burgundy
SENDING OUT POSITIVE ENERGY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Without Artie and now 24/7 AGT talk during extremely limited schedule, maybe that would have been for the best.
My dad boutta go take a shit & i wont be able to get in the bathrokm to do my hair ...
Ya i know Ricky.. and add me on facebook we can talk more about bringing you aboard the promoting team for Xclusive Records
#69Factsaboutme 28. I HATE severe storms.
Reminds me of Adam Zagajewski's 'A Defense of Ardor'- highlights waining power of sarcasm, irony. Great poet/good essayist.
The only thing I Hate is Hate.
Fun Fact Friday: Long gone are the days of 1st, 2nd & 3rd class passengers, or the wealthy receiving better treatment on a cruise.
Who's coming over? I got sauerkraut.
already booked up tonight, sorry to miss you. Definitely hope to catch you again soon.
Fucking so damn cold
im rey get out this car like seriously ,
Try this protein-packed chipotle & orange chicken recipe from for dinner tonight to amp up the p in your diet!!
Wise decision to complete pre-reqs at a much lower price point through community college vs a state or private school.
Then we find out the man had NO political affiliations and lets flash ahead to how Gov walker has been treated
Nope, perfect and very fair response. Love it!
Now I am officially on my way to Galveston!
Only about 12 min until the Casey Anthony verdict! I can't wait to hear if she'll be found guilty & what she'll be found guilty of!
My ex sent me a picture of her having sex with her new boyfriend. I sent it to her daddy lbs
Keep up the great work!! :)
Thanks for following! Wish I got the chance to talk with you during #GuardianChat last week :)
Please support #TeamLNC & our S.O.R support group for LGBT teens who have tried to commit suicide
Going for a run today. #torture Here we go!
wedding tonight & i have a cold. super.
Food comma lol ---> ": Ate burger king and now sleepy af !"
you can do it! Congrats.
Sammy James pink
Who's trying to
Let's dig in ladies!!!
#ImReallyGoodAt Saying I'm going to work out and eat healthy, but never doing it! Lol
There's no time like the present! I'm ready when you are!
RT : Dorothy Brown robocall complains that white media never supports black incumbents, claims endorsement by President Obama.
OK, I'm embarrassed to admit. I have no idea what "derp" refers to.
What do you think ranking for mortgage calculator is worth?
Summer Fridays are the Life
All High school students fox local news is filming @ 1640 West Main Street OKC, OK at 5:45am support your school
pulling for our favorite for #ACM Entertainer of the Year!
“ how many weeks til race day?” 3 weeks ! My last long run is Saturday (20) before the taper off. Stoked.
I'm curious, did mirror writing work well for you? I wanted to suggest it to my school for some of the the kids I work with!
I wish I could do more 4 my fam.
Malinowski: Ibrahim Sharif is a prominent Sunni opposition figure, govt doesntwantyou to know so you think it's a sectarian issue
AG Holder on Trayvon case: if we find evidence of criminal action, we'll take appropriate action.
Chiming in late from Mom's (in California) to say yes! I'll be back in NYC by then.
Heading to SD to hang out with my mom-- and hang out with family. This is going to be fun or scary. Or both.
Ty Lawson is killn it! This is gonna be an amazing game
Jesus I love you no matter what!! Work on me Lord!! For your glory!!
You will never live life beyond your wildest expectations until you have some wild expectations!
Just registered to take a test to be on Jeopardy. What??
Happy Birthday.. ^_^
Come win #9 with UK, join
gotta be peaches and Brussels. Or plum and garlic. Or mango and tomato. Tough call.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
The entire #Filipinos community is so proud of #MannyPacquiao defeat against !!! Congratulations to
so im assuming that's Andrew Cedermark, Angels and Airwaves, and then David Baker Benson? You had me der
did it make you feel manly? i think it would...im considering the mullet look...........
Zito can hit. This is bizarro land.
This LightCasting has taken on a life of its own. I've been put in front of several opps to connect people or get connected. I'm HONORED!
": "I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know NOTHING." Socrates #TheAgeOfNothing"
I am going to lay down, not think, go to sleep, wake up and everything will be just fine.. right?:) ok!
Tomorrow should be chill(:
sadly so much data is missing from easy public access.
The only thing I can say right now is Thank God. I have been seriously blessed
A detective came to a blondes house and asked her where she was between 4 and 6, she replied "Kindergarten."
#DidYouReallyJust put meh out there of what i did n 8th gradee
If you actually watched the black frame, you would see some 'maya frame' stuff, which clearly means that this isn't finished
love how ordering from the UK is cheaper than buying in the US including shipping
Caren Kelleher from Google speaking: danger in relying on building marketing and brands via other platforms entirely.
Nectarines are in season now! Bought some very sweet ones from farmers market today. Make sure you buy organic ones.
Heading downtown for the City Council meeting & vote on the proposal for K St. Hugely important for downtown! Are you going?
Hangover no buenos
RT : Firings continue. Bengals released their Off Coord. I'm still in shock. Had no idea they had one.
Snowstorm in Edmonton after a week of warming. Is it Nature's April Fool's joke? (Snowstorm is real, that's no fooling.)
Welcome back! I loved your first new show! Loved it so much im listening to it over again on the repeat broadcast
Oh you know where your heart is! I'd bet you a beer on the game, but you're a student and beer is expensive!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are online services that help separated parents and their kids share information and schedule visits.
(re: A/C) haha! We may come knocking on your door one night...impressive. Apparently a/c not coming back for 3 weeks!
Even incarceration. In MI, $30K spent per inmate. Students…$7K. Uh…shut?
you better get all rolled up to make it a pretty day
Dig. Deeper. RT : 1st day of May was #INSANE! And by that, I'm referring to the #insanity workout we just did. WOW.
cant believe you're almost to 90k! Remember when you barley reached 5k during abdc? Wow
I support which is why I tried to build a coalition with #OccupySD re: bank bailouts but y'all just want to burn stuff
Watch for feedback while live-tweeting. If crickets, maybe move along to another issue, say &
Listening to
Trying to watch commercials and television shows keep getting in the way..
I'll post it to YouTube.
She can make babies for me. - Abed Oh, and I can't! - Troy
“: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!” You have to be kidding!!!
. is this right? #twitterlesson?
I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background
we are getting a redesign on the logo... someone recognized our cypress tribute and now it's no fun
Thanks to , and for the mentions!
Testi-cles. Sounds like a Greek God.
"ROI of social media is that your business will still exist in 5 years"-Eric Qualman
And Crocodo works great for collaborative feedback on pdfs.
hopefully that's good because he says he is flattered.
Fake friends would be sad for you but real friends will be devastated and balling with you
good morning ana!
discusses are sharing stages of grieving useful or is the experience just too individual. #AskTVDr your ?s about grief now.
I was indifferent before it was indifferent to be indifferent
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
BumMode activated.Going to find me some penguins in this snow. Need to find some gloves first
yea, let's hope this great nation isn't doomed to 4 more years of the same old spending. We can only print so much b4 collapse
no his eye... hope it gets better for the game
K. Still don't understand, but that's cool.
If I were a #Republican I would vote for whoever loses in
Who would you like to see profiled in upcoming issues?
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee??
Good! Go forth and rep it for all the
Teacher or student?
Solid list. Curious how a film like DRIVE plays with the readership (the more cinematically inclined)
is officially SOLD OUT! See you tonight!
#runinoftheday - my grandmother's sorority sister's daughter giving a food tour-- cc:
wow that's what you call a good return on investment, PBS is beyond excellent
no worries...sometimes you just gotta walk away...lol
Yeah I am! Do you know any good songs? ready for more notes!
Nobody cares? Okay..
This Junebug is smarter than most...it went quiet as soon as I picked up my bokken and challenged it to a fight to the death. Drat.
i bullshit my way through life, wish i cared
Why does it always have to be about you?
Suggestion: Avoid the inbox spam when a client signs a document and include similar subjects together in a thread.
With at Stage 773 for their production of "Betty"
just caught up on last #sherlock . What are your speculations?
good point. So, how are you? ;)
Looking forward to T3 event tomorrow at Nutz. Once met Amazing author and brewer.
The #royalwedding and homemade pancakes. A nice start to a Friday!
In the midst of color correction for Looking good and we're almost there!
"So put ur purse down and take off ur jacket/ o girl it's about 2 get nasty//" - Tony Toni Tone
Happy Mothers Day ; Mahomies <3 You !(:
I wish I could see again. Went to my first show with He knows what I'm talkin about.
I'm kind of liking the teenage years. Something about the feisty attitude and the self-consciousness that hits a soft spot in me.
no worries idk if we will make it out either haha. But we gotta go out in the city soon!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
link not working 10:53 am
Best Fitness Tracking Appliance? - Lifehacker
Today in 1997, 'Be Here Now' by Oasis reaches
RT : Dear Lord, teach me to be content in you and not in the things of this world. Amen.
As a bystander without a dog in this fight, I'm not outraged.
Why can't people take their complaining to private places not a dead silent lobby for everyone to hear...
omg no adele my mom would not stop earlier.
we are thankful to serve a VERY deserving, determined, amazing group. Hope you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend.
Frank lucas is a gangster!! Lol
lol and go to ur messages i got to tell you something .
can't believe classes are over. two papers and two finals away from summer 2012!
Yo Adrian, I did it! Classic
RT Regier told me the #Sabres want to add Mark Parrish to Portland. Hasn't spoken to agent yet, though.
You know me...I would NEVER do that...
go to bed
#ListeningTo "Off to the Races" -
is it so wrong for a coach who essentially now wasted time on a player to know why he wants to leave? I think that is the basis
Its at our office in EP.
#DoinTooMuch Trying to get attention in public SMH
Great quote: 'shit, didnt turn it up bc it was donny iris, just love that riff. Realized it was donny after i turned it up'
Thinking of Newport Cafe for dinner.
U prob don't remember, but we were on the brown team for a scav hunt 10 yr ago in LA together and we won best team uniform.
Sure send it to . Thanks!
Shout out to ! Yesterday I undertook an 8-hour intellectual performance ritual. I'm feelin' dank. Vielen dank.
I can feel it when people stare, it's creepy as fuck!! Look away
highlight of my day? watching all the cars stop for a family of ducks meandering across 6 lanes of traffic! so sweet.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 42
yes. It's really good.
A mi también!
I missed that too. Was switching over to football
So excited for her dad (Rob) about to start the #bostonmarathon! If you're watching, cheer for the man in the kilt!
Welcome to Dinosaur Annex's home in twitter! Looking forward to connecting with all our new music tweeters!
Seriously, this makes no sense! Why are same sex unions not legal everywhere? It hurts my heart.
Edition #97 of The Modern Jazz Radio Show here: www.tomtallitschblog.com - Show archives & Playlists
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 50
Great launch day for us. Thx so much! cc
-relaxes and puts head on door.- oh my god. Thank god.
' Cuz where the fuk that come from??
Thanks so much for the retweet!
no worries babe! <U+2665>
hope u feel better
Back porch chillin, writing, BBQ, summertime playlist, Jack single-barrell: AKA, Boss shit.
come on down and I will put some extra on there for you!
YUP. IT TOOK A WHILE BUT LOOK WHAT HAPPENED(':
All i want is you next to me cause you help me sleep
Allergies suck.
: no, no I want to see it
My stomach aches from my laughing at that Chapelle sketch. Brilliant.
need game creation app 4anatomy idea and for book report idea - preferably 4PC-like gamesalad but MAC- thinking worlds=overkill-suggestion?
cant wait to go to hauser!!!!
The weather is still cold, make sure to stay warm in your apartments!
I Miss Kissn On You .
i hate waitig for something for aver a month than the day before, it gets cancled.. :,(
Glad you liked it! More to come.
Yes, then I took a real pic... lol
can friday be here already!
"We have to let go of control." #igenatl Great point about today's teachers--let the kids have ownership of their learning
..Comic Book Artists/Aspiring Artists/Artists/Fans: We're looking for some help with character concepts for a comic book flick. Inbox me
Cutting my hair and donating 5 inches, bye bye long hair! :)
Wow Junior Seau is dead according to TMZ
Need help quitting smoking? Today is your lucky day - Over 50% off a Smoking Cessation Hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Im tryna act like I dont wanna be wit u like I would be ok if u just walked away....
: Bet. Be well
GOING TO HANG OUT WITH MY AFRICAN FRIEND WHOM I LOVE<3 lol
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower...
Apparently Jessica Simpson is in labor! I feel like she has been pregnant for like 2 yrs now! Is she having a robot?
Except you kat I don't care if you're pregnant, I'd like to fuck you up.
Time for me to start exercising more! I really need to start getting in shape again. But how since I'm only 16 and no one else is motivated?
#Santorum may have stepped on Obama's news cycle, but while one of them gets to sleep in the White House, the other has to nap in a Hotel 6.
After successful surgery for ruptured achilles, Timbers expect Bright Dike to miss 6-9 months.
maybe mcd was right. cassel's a better passer AND a better tackler than orton
"If you don't make money off your Talents and Creativity, someone else WILL! So…Embrace your Creativity!™ —DJohnson T&B ;-)
Can't sleep!
Brrrrr it's chilly....and I like it!
my upload speed today has been ranging from slow to "what is this, dial-up?" ... Going to bake a cake while this e-mail sends.
I'm going to miss this weekend like none other.
Feel tired as hell bt up fent to get started on this work..
what are you doing in shevegas?
it's okay.... I guess
Pancakes, ? It is well-known that I love pancakes. Why was I not invited?
#leadership LBS: Location Based Services will continue to fuel mobile app growth engine into across tech sector
I will see you there!!
Right on! Hope things are going well!
I NEED UNLIMITED MONEY!!!
Mountains with the family. Priceless.
I'm sure angelina jolie, u know, time mags most beautiful person on earth, would take issue with counters statement.
Success is fulfilling your soul's purpose. — Jack Canfield ll RT
Hugs are bad.....April Fools' hugs are awesome
Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour.
church thief caught on tape! coming up at 11...learn what these crooks are looking to steal from places of worship
Give Me Your Hand (Best Song Ever)
love ya!
follow me Christian??? Please you would make my day better z(:
#kids Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes: Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Sewickley Valley...
Any idea when the next flight will be? Miss you!
Oh, I should have specified. It is Cherry Coke. But they only had grape cocaine, so I didn't get any.
havnt been tweeting that much :/
Hate having my picture taken so when this pic had to be taken for something else, I saw my opportunity and I took it.
I just hope the guys don't mess it up!
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning .. Smh
What happened???
i think im going to write an article on how people eat chips......so many different ways i have seen , but never the same way twice , yet..
You already know doe! ill be home thurs or friday ,cheers
Rowing: Gonzaga beats St. Albans to claim Foley Cup - Washington Post
watching abdc again.
When will Obama learn that necessity drives innovation? If GM is relying on $40k cobalts I'll buy ford, bmw, toyota, honda, volvo 4 less.
Getting a Twitter Rally going. Follow us
Who try.n 2 swoop me 4 Bt party....
Some people are married to their job. I love my show, but in this state I can't marry it.
It takes less work to succeed than to fail- W. Clement Stone
very good Ale and how bout you? :)
I heard MTA workers the other morning to one another, shaking ones head saying "they're getting bigger every month". eek!
ooh I stopped watching. What's happening now?
You get a $15 best buy gift card at the waterfront store for test driving a toyota. Today isnt the best day to have people drive.
yeah she's pretty chill other girls kinda quitee
Sweet tits? Ahahaha! Um.. Your welcome? :p Oi! Were in deep shit for Cohen's class!
2NiTe 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Should We "BRIBE" others with "SEX" using what we've "GOT" to get what we "WANT" call 626 657 2149
haha, as am I! Being misunderstood as a person has lead me to listen to metal far more often than possible!
Thanks for follow... How do you get 17K followers with one tweet??? I know... It was one helluva tweet!!! Seriously??
no. Alright come by later. Speech go alright?
Conor Casey from the Rapids and Melissa Isaacson from ESPN Chicago just on, NBA TV's Rick Kamla and MLB Network's Greg Amsinger on this hour
It's a good thing I telecommute; my coworkers are not subjected to my normal, colorful metaphors. Which, this week, are plentiful.
Playing fetch
haha ok I will next time!
I played #diablo2 back in the day....I kinda want to play #diablo3!!
NASW Joblink - The Social Work Career Center: Mental Health ...
Yum! Char-sui buns! RT Taking care of my #dimsumwithdrawal tonight....
Guy on Compton School Bd just killed his career w/a bizarre horrible rant. Won't even stoop to name him. Folks! Guard your hearts & behavior
I've done half of it and it didnt take that long
"I keep it Real .. IDGAF who you are .. If I don't like you I'm Not gonna "Pretend" to like you .."
Maybe being in the SEC will bring the excitement back, but it could easily drive me further away. Should be interesting
fresh lemons and no sugar
What a great group : Phenominal Folks U Gotta #FF!
MY CAR SMELLS LIKE STRAIGHT DANK !!!!!!!
Don't forget to join us for our Shaker Session tomorrow 3-7! Live music and a Pumpkin Milkshake make the best combo!
sweet! Looking forward to catching it soon :)
Somehow "kids," "Vegas," and "Bras" appearing together in a tweet just seems wrong ;)
Drake can stand for Do Right And Kill Everything :P #Like a boss
Life is getting much more tranquil and quiet now.
If howfuckedismetro is correct, there are only 4 trains running on the red line right now.
had an amazing last concert tonight and I am honored to be given the award (:
Shaking off the dust...
You are the Duchess of everything ;)
thanks so much for the love!
COME VISIT FOR REAL GAHH.
LOL. Keep it clean whilst getting dirty. :-)
aw what's wrong??
Truck arrives atGAB
I could go for some ramen right now....poor empty stomach is growling.
Touch her heart, not her body. Steal her attention, not her virginity. Make her smile; don't waste her tears..
welps , my team won .. lets see the lakers lose .
I wouldnt be mad or sad I would be grateful that i atleast got to see him and meet him got a signature ! That what counts
Getting a free ride from the #wiredstore to Columbus Circle courtesy of
Is the exam one test or a series of tests of which a few are nationally reciprocated?
Thought I'd feel guilty not getting up early, running long & being a zombie the rest of the day. This lazy Sunday feels good.
thanks for sharing, but the link seems to be broken.
RT if you're ready 2 get HAMMERED 2nite!
Want to go shopping! I'm feeling very generous this year <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085>
My daughter Olivia just asked me to do play-dough with her!! We're making play-dough cookies although sweet Memories are really what's up.
I find compassion thinking how we all act out of pain; I am not separate/better than him or anyone.
Lookz like we're gunna make it!
#FF Great connections this week!
you are crazy. Seriously. Hahaha dom cant take it.
All i ask is for one tweet from you because you are so awesome!! :)
Fashion is Life (:
You were a lesson i needed to learn, but i didn't think it would have to hurt that much :/
This is Super Bowl is going to be a great game!
Congrats to our team. RT : Online Storytelling Award winner: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reporting on infant mortality.
What's really really really good¿
Shorter Alex Castellanos: "Listen, sweetheart, your passion is adorable but you don't understand the issues. Now go make me a sandwich."
I am followed everywhere i go... The joy of having dogs...
I knew they could do it!!!!! Yay arod and melkyyyyy ah
I left good for better & better for the best .
no I was in Miami but im moving up north
Congrats on Schwartz,Martin 1 More to go SANU!!!! Thanks for believing in us. Big Daddy
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
gn :) Sleep the sleep of a baby at a ball game :) How do they do that?
When I hear tapping outside my window. I don't think it's my prince to come kiss me. I think its a serial killer about to kill me.
Two consecutive days of being totally unproductive. This needs to change.
REALLY!? It would rain when I didn't bring my coat.
LOL! You actually made the account.
haha I've done it before! Your hair is a lot healthier than mine though so it probably didn't damage it as bad as mine would.
Not sure but good so far except for battery. :( RT : Is that the phone from the commercial that totally bash
AC compressor failed last week, 3rd power outage in 18 hours. Not the prelude to a good week for a technology team.
“: Who is friends with an invisible person.” thats me!!
I know, hahahaha!
Props to Fyza for a great poster design! ": SO COOL!”
what type of server capabilities are you looking for?
My job is awesome - love planning fun custom collabs with &
Time for some lunch! What's on your plate?
i should be on around 7:30 ish for a bit
What sport do you enjoy watching the most?
Okay! Not mad at Dr. Lassiter anymore! ;-)
Wobble so hard. That shit cray. On a not so separate note, my knees are about to explode.
I'm gonna beat him up with Girl Scout Cookies. Then I'll call 911 and explain.
New fire in bastrop. Can be seen from I-35 & 290
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
Tech scout. X
Weather guys need to stick to what they know -- effing up weather forecasts.
Enjoyed the Black Male Identity event. It is a great project!
River of Lights, better every year...
DISCUSSION: There is a lot of great, new technology, but adoption rates are low across demographics. How do we increase usage rates?
Up cooking breakfast Bumping that F.U.N. part 2 who sliding on me
Hey Jon, would love to have you on my show from Jerusalem, Israel!
Watched part of the first round of the NFL draft while the missus was reading 50 shades of Grey. There's some irony there.
When I was a kid.. Dad's BELT(s) far out weighed my boys scandalous schemes. #fearfactor NspiredBy Proverbs 1: 10-19
Met a lot of great people at the Powerhouse concert! Got the word out to many people who didn't know about Autism
Starting to get very irritating...#ivehadenough!!!!
Noeleen: Don't lie. It will come back and bite you later.
Da best time of the day
They look cute, but in the end they're just little poop machines that you have to feed and clean up after. But puppies rule ;)
#TONIGHT Last chance to see perform 8-midnight in #NextGenJazz series! #nocover no drink min.
Out and about for Megan's bday!
Penguins (I know)!
Stupendous! We had a brilliant time! Thank you for being such gracious hosts!
I sync therefore I am
Shiiieet, I'd break you down ;)
oh well thank you Matthew lol
Direct Mailing Svcs include: Digital Mail Box, Ink Jet Addressing, Folding, Tabbing, Label Application & much, much more! 505-899-3104
Wow almost 600 followers! U guys r amazing!
I don't understand why people think 14th st. has been "revitalized" when all I see are fast food restaurants closing :(
#Omg, the whether where i live is ridiculous.
Nothing gets you over like crying in front of a large audience.
We're out there until 3 PM!! That's not early!
so now you not in touch with your inner feelings? Ok I see you lol.
RT : #UHexpo in my jammies now, and getting ready to put my garden in soon in unpredictable ny >>>welcome!
Cy Young pitching my friend.
i really hope i see another girl crying in the hallway today like during the AP english test because it was funny as hell
It smells as if someone vomited inside this taxi, Wtf. You know what, I'll just walk today. I can't deal!
OMG. Niall's new twitter picture!!! <33
Just realized how angry I am over this Pens/Flyers series. Bring the mf-ing hate today. I wanna run through a wall. Let's GO
I was listening to Dick Dale on the way to work today!!!
fun times ahead. \m/<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
HEY im a #Mahomie and this is crazy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe? (; Follow mee (: iloveyouuu
The closest I've ever been to One Direction is in the same building with them. Even then, I only got a glimpse. =\
Thanks! It's posted!
I can tag ur bald pale ass here woo
didn't tryed talk to the moon cause i knew that if i tryed it you were not trying like me.
RT Well, so much for Papelbon having been better now. That was a brutal sequence. Hideous loss for the
Dressed as Link from #Zelda at #Disneyland . Been getting some high-fives! And the Queen of Hearts knew who I was dressed as hahah
Donald and Peta!! GO DD AND PM GO!!
Oh ur so right. I might get one made this weekend. Lol
LOL. You never know! :)
Once again music wave taking over my life lol
No one compares you stand alone
RT : Your Green Bay Packers are 12-0. Go Pack.
My New Jump Rope! LOL!
Amy Winehouse had an incredible voice and talent....R.I.P Amy Winehouse .
Thanks for the mention Nelson!
Happy New Year!
Happy Birthday Sarah!!!
Big East hoops tourney at MSG still on Bucket List although conf re-alignment puts damper on it
If your eyes are always open it's impossible to dream.
Bet the bus ride from this country hell hole takes forever
A man's biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
The Fan Video Is On!!!!! Its A Taylor Swift On. So if you love Taylor Swift tweet me and join in!!!!!!!!!!! :D
What's a good tool to clean up Twitter followers? I've tried about 6 already!
RT Exercise or a serious session of #24 ??
she needs to go get a job & lay off the surgery. Geez!
aw, that's so cute, missing you too bestie :(
np problem babe
Doing keeks. ;p
um breezy and beautiful! Lol Sylester is getting me together.
upcoming East Coast Free Agent Camp is a great opportunity to get 3 full game films of yourself competing with other Pro's!!
i like them b/c they different lol. They only wearing them for a game
We have April 16th, and May 4th with Chasing Thrill both in Orlando!
Indeed it was great to finally meet in person yesterday. Great convo with , and others last night
I want to try & meet them when they are in NY during the tour, & not wait til 2O13
Nicki isn't fat, ugly or fake. YOU HATERS ARE JUST FULL OF SHIT.
any openers tonight? If so, set times? Thanks! Trying to get dinner quick.
Omg dick and fb
looking forward to learning from your free info
hahaha, I understand!
becoming a bit addicted to MobWars on Facebook . . . such mindless fun.
Running around toting a gun and shooting people because you scared to square up and shoot the five
any developments on a desktop app? I know and I want one for Inigral.
interesting about oxygen
Obesity + LOST season finale with #whatcouldbebetter?
just filmed SLAINE'S latest music video TRAIL OF BLOOD. I play a Cop & more! Stay tuned for the release in January 2011.
change what u can...
enjoyed the show last night! Nice pitch
ready when u are lol how was your day
So I ball so hard 6AM wanna fine me
well made their YouTube debut today with their own branded channel. Good to see new pubs putting free content on social sites.
mlm <-- to all of you that act like you have no manners.
Saint John Sea Dogs at Lewiston #Maineiacs tonight....i hear Saint John is quite god.....
I get it! This boudoir girl luvs her SGM dj's esp & Ur point? Cuz mine is book the shit outta them!!!! :)
It's bad manners to say "I love you", with a mouth full of lies.»
Hold your applause for a kid with glasses, who likes to rap and write his verses down on sheets of paper...
Joe Johnson will not be a Superstar until he hit these shots in clutch situations
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump n grindin
what kind of question is that ? Lol.
me too hahaha I was standing two feet away from the tv saying "ah they're gonna make out!"
- For a reformed drug addict and alcoholic, that's 81 games too many. And he's already relapsed... twice.
I wana kiss u lick u stick u ... Cuz ima nasty boy
Thank you !
Haha thanks. I'm gonna have to fashion some new jorts that show off this beauty for tomorrows game!!!
oh he'll naw I'm not going today lol I'm kinda sore but tomorrow I'll be there
No problem. Let us know if you have any other questions!
What an amazing weekend with the best friend at our performance and with my cousin today
It's been closed for a while. :( It's expected to be temporary, but ... still.
follow back
Sure! Followed x
It's gonna go hard
Thank YOU for sharing your wisdom at the Writers' Conference!
Amazing how much you get done between the hours of 4-6a
If you sell your domain name make sure the payday is great! This is HUGE hassle, but worth it in the end for what they paid.
Hair and makeup now.
Follow my new page now now
Camping this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><U+2728>
Shopping and prepping for this weekend. #gfree PB Chocolate Chip Cookies and Banana Nut Muffins at the Hillsboro Farmers' Market on Sat.
Now the nice #coxcable Tier 1 is checking to see if I can talk to Tier 2 person directly without her intermediation.
Ha, I didn't realize that the word fuzz made me giggle until that tweet. Sorry about the fuzz. But also, not. :)
Is the entire Round 2 schedule out?
Doesn't feel like Monday...
"Through my shades I see your fakeness."#KingShit Bitch
sex and beer!
Any day full of music from young artists such as yourself is a very good day so don't ever give up.
But yet u still of FB. The most drama and lies happen on there and not twitter and u kno that's a FACT lol
Maybe I wouldn't be so stressed out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Just wish we could get some rain though!
Don't forget to look out your lau or party window tonight to see the white crater planet in the sky
im at the crib wat up
Before u criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes... That way, when u criticize them, ur a mile away & u have their shoes."
Framingham police need your help figuring out what happened to a 21yo man found seriously injured on Eleanor Rd. Call 508-872-1212
Tune into Sirius NFL Radio right now to hear RB Chris Polk talk about his career at UW & the NFL Draft process.
i know ima try my hardest to see you once more at least. Theres gunna be a fair on venice and la brea june 30,31 and 1.
I'm gonna die of excite- *dies* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><U+2764>
that's awesome! Good for her! :)
National Assoc of Colored Women prioritized juvenile justice - contradicting idea black women didn't participate
lesser-asked question: do men who look like abe lincoln get particularly angry around presidents' day?
Bout to go nite nite gotta work in the morning goodnite twitches!
Love the Sidewalker video! Reality check that so many miss! People never cease to amaze me- not always in good ways either, ha!
Yaaaasssss , My Prom Suit Is Just Too Right. :D
I'm not full of hate...My heart went on surgery an hasn't healed yet....
its mine #ispendit im ridin and im
Just Saw it(:
Ocelot is also the first cat I've ever heard literally say "nom nom nom" while eating.
Driving into Findlay like where the money at???<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
How come pants are different than shirts? Fuckin' blankets, how do they work?
#sla2011 Abram---professionals market their skills and advice not their space
I really want a reason to go to back to Toronto.
": Should the break the bank for Monta Ellis?" Only way you will bring a better coach in Milwaukee
Will do :)
OMFG I JUST SAW MADISON ALAMIA!
They are probably out in the Harbor Islands
thank ya!
Tim, I wasn't able to DM you back, but great to e-meet you as well. cheers.
I think that dumb bitch from Goldrush rides her bike through my gas station pissing everybody off. I'm going to pop her tires whoever it is.
Well if she got mad over nothing it really shouldnt stop ya'll from talking.. I mean... damnn
You seriously think I'm that stupid..?
smgdh @ women who keep bringing different dudes around your kids
... with brown hair.
And I see a stronger entrepreuneurs here. When we lived in Germany for 2 years, they always asked, "Why are you here?"
Thanx! When do you think you'll be in Milwaukee?
Paramount Slick Music Music Studio Open Jam Fri. Nov. 19 7-11am. Show up, sign in, and show off! Free Admission. 765-642-1234 for details.
I dont know how long it's been since I've slept for more than 8 hous two nights in a row.
ECM in Iowa is wishing you a great St. Patrick's Day!
I hope you have the time
I guess I'll just go to sleep then
yay thanks Robs!
Hahahaha ohmygawd. A bird just pooped on this lady loading groceries into her car. Her reaction = priceless.
jesus you look awful there bud.
Happy birthday alex!!!!!!!!
Alright gotta finish this LAST paper! Night
I laughed while I was transcribing it. I couldn't not laugh. I've heard it's the best medicine.
amazing! But no wine bar involved?? Keen for a dirty martini jess style soon :))
#realhappiness taking the 28 day challenge!
want to vote for HOMECOMING KING?! check out the poll at www.hercampus.com/wakeforest
Where are you today? I didn't get to give you a proper send off.
I really want to see #TheAvengers but so damn busy at the mo
: im going to be about 15 min. late Sorry
Thanks, Rhett. The sentiment, at least from the national media, was that 25+ restricted schools was too much.
Most women have that time in their lives when they think its cool to date older guys.
Happy Friday, everyone! Get in and try our Mahi-Mahi Torta, topped w lett, tom, and housemade tarter!
Damn this day has been so fuckin longg
Sipping on wine from in a bubble bath I bought from #iBuyBlack and
I'm out, got an Association Meeting this week.
Oh I just thought of one! I'm sure you'll make them lot's of dough!
Do you need your event promoted? Do you need event marketing? Then give us a call!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and I don't even get to see it? .-.
We MUST use our technology to end hunger. We will be one of the first to grow in a vertical greenhouse.
"I just want you to touch me!" - my health class.
excuse you? haha
The positive benefits of eating Paleo are numerous and the results speak for themselves
No just name, unless they are from another school. : what if theyre a grade lower? Do you need a sheet for that too?
Manning to Denver. :( We needed him in Miami, Florida.
Jealous of the boat and the beer. Not the cigar though lol
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Cause you follow me, no need to tag you :)
that's just plain old mission :-) great bar. Meeting someone who's driving into the city so soma is geographically favorable
True. Also graduate 6/10. Who knows where/what ill be up to. RT : summer approaches. Wouldn't speak too soon there
Good luck!!! RT RT : June 22nd I will be performing at Comic Strip Live..1568 2nd ave NY NY
Someone come play trivia against Andy and I. Team name Hot Bartenders and yes we're winning.
Could you use overloading to make python a loosely-typed language?
Planning to be at the #alamw11 exhibits tomorrow. Any AIIP/SLA *folks* want to meet up?
Wow, registrations are moving fast. 149/200 slots have been spoken for. Totally wowed by all the people who want to IgniteATL!
"Not Knowing Imagination" even?
what it do fool
Whenever I'm searching for anything code/cs related and I find the name "Oleg Kiselyov", I know I've found what I'm looking for
Feeling motivated today! Who wants me to come do their spring cleaning?
playing USC alum-made game, The Misadventures of PB Winterbottom on the Xbox. Pie and time travel for dessert.
So grateful to for introducing me to sunglasses. Makes being back in sunny LA so much more fun.
Despicable Me :D def one of my most fave movies ^_^
Go for amusement purposes. Don't for a second think that anything supernatural is happening.
There is always a consequence of every action lol :)
Forget air brushing. Your profile pic needs sandblasting!
Tell that caller those drives to the basket are what makes MKG a top 5 pick.
Just found my favorite cookies in the grocery store... The bag was open before I left the isle
Never did sleep. And the morning was fun frozen door locks, frost inside the car, a gas gauge that said it was full, and a flat tire.
At my husband's hospital bedside trying to slay these monsters that beset him! Prayer changes things - we'd love to have yours please!
on my way home listening to the tyranny of distance. it's a fucking perfect record
First sunday out of about 8 that and i haven't eaten at Buca. But Winstead's is second best :) And green lantern at 2!
The music is running thru my veins
I agree. You guys are the best.
wait... That's not how twitter works.
no fucks given nowadays
I'm so thirsty lmfao
it doesn't work /: you could get the link from my Facebook, instagram and tumblr.
hate to admit you were right
No worries Mo, you still have love in Cleveland (AK-ron too). ;)
Stop in and try one next time you're in the area Kelly :)
Follow Your Heart, And Your Dreams Will Come True ! <3
time to hit "the lab" and listen to some beats :) for those of you that know me well, u kno exactly where my lab is lol
What you think about yourself is much more important than what others think of you
text me..
Thanks to for presenting last night, thanks to for the pizza and beer, and thanks to for hosting!
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was The Ocean. Bought every song by him since!
Stephen Hill's highlight reel is like an 8-yr old playing Madden.
Hey Mikey! ": hiya stephy"
Chloe lady gaga will sing omg she is my 1 singer i love her so do you thats cool i like her 2 you and her and kind people :)
RT announces yet another new release:Lets all give La Salles a warm welcome to the web! Visit www.lasallesbar.com
Wouldnt it be awsome if you could get Morgan Freemans voice on a GPS? It would be like he's narrating your travels.
That movie gave me nightmares, saw it in the theater. Glad you you didn't j'adore it either.
oh okay I see, It is going to! :)
G'd up from my feet up.
make sure you follows us here on twitter, for the lastest gigs and tours, and more, C.E.O-J-Lyric
In the office getting caught up on emails/calls. Spending the rest of the day in the Gym. Workouts tonight at ..
Look and Feel Like a Celebrity with lasers, strobe lights and smoke machines
Tim Higgins' middle name is undoubtedly F@#*in'. God I hate watchin him try to ref.
I was just checking out your blog. Saw your BA beer fest posts. I think the next step for you is
i cant stop sneezing, grr!
my thoughts exactly!
took math homework and a book to the meet today....did a little homework and then was like "screw this ish" and forgot about it haha
You could have texted me .. I was in the halls with nun to do after the ap test
where u live at now
Fun fact: about 500 lbs of weights frm Sports Authority were in the nose of #Enterprise as ballast for weight balance for this flight
I do not know the ins and outs of stuff like this...but how is it different from a Justin.tv or service like that?
Smile, it goes good with your outfit. :)
Opinion: Is domestic travel still traveling?
Just ignore people that get on your tail about typos. They may just want to make you upset, unfairly. Have a great day!
From First to Last or Skrillex
#schoolmemories when i broke the vending machine
loved it! Especially Jake's Opinyon cORNER!!
Come out to our Meet & Greet this Saturday from 10 - 12 at Petco Arboretum!!
"Change is good...you go first!" Bumper Sticker via
first tweet. nailed it.
Absolutely since Games 5 and 7 will be here :)
By tomorrow I will have lived here for 5 months.. happy knowing that I'm the one who makes em cry when they're about to laugh
At work and already on my 2nd cup of coffee! Mondays wahoooooo
do what you do best.... suck big ones
when old typewriters are donated they immediately go into "ReFinds" vintage store, around $50 to $75.00.
Just hypothetically, if you were going to a book festival and went to see an author, just like me, what would you want her to talk about?
Morning Twitter world. It's a gloomy day cuz its Friday & I had to get up early. It's alright though:)
your idol has a twitter!!!!!
That's probly why you had such a great time over there...
I know how it feels, I was bullied all 6th grade year
Never resist failure or poverty .Instead attract success and wealth. Always embrace the positive rather than resisting the negative.D.cooper
currently listenin to my $4 album... i got a dollar off because of brandon <3 -abbie
Join us on the Weekend Sports Buzz now! It's Derby Day!!! Special guest Hansen the Race Horse joins us. 1450am or stream online...
TheWife and I haven't won despite entering every year. It's like the lottery.
I'm sleepy. Waking up at 4:30 is not fun.
Thank God!!! RT “: Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet”
97* in vegas!!!
Best thing about #OneShiningMoment? It is OVER, and now it's #BASEBALL season!
type "bsh" in google and comes up.. cool
Stoked about the Broncos!!! 2-0 Awesome!!!
Should be a drinking game for every time you hear "recess" "is there a 2nd" "another bill?" in the House Approps for SB2
Erica loves my Shit-
With the fabulous whether (at least for Wisconsin), anything BBQ sounds good, so try our BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich for just $10.95, tonight!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 510 1932 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW..++
btw have you studied?
lol! ok, strawberry it is ;)
what changes do you see the bulls making this offseason after a possible early exit this playoffs?
We need men who can dream of things that never were. John F Kennedy
Greeny was in intense attack mode. But Bo Ryan certainly didn't help himself
Keep Dunn, both will have bad avg, Dunn will hit more HRs: "Should I trade Dunn for Uggla?"
our girl Had a blast on set with Minnie Driver, Brandon T. Jackson and the rest of the cast and crew this week for Hail Mary.
RT : Obama is at 55.8% to win re-election on Intrade. The #SOTU could send that as high as 55.9% -- or crashing down to...
YOUR MOM IS A WHORE YOU UGLY BITCH
why wouldn't jags want Tebow? Switch him n Gabbert every other down. It's a
have you seen a coffee shop menu ?
Happy Leap Day! Were you born today? Let us know!
The police just tried to race us on the interstate. What kind of shit is this.
Damn its so hot and bright outside
just one lesson tomorrow yay
Texans need competition at K
So, what's new in mustache fashion?
Bwahaha! Luckily for him, he's just a mannequin.
you have to turn 23 again tonight...
I might as well have #caffeine injected directly into my veins with an IV. Going to get some delicious coffee.
That'd be about the best thing ever.
The TV show "Sports Soup" is starting to grow on me.
I know, huh. Can't wait! ": We'll volunteer as taste testers too!"
#ihatewhenpeople are at the store the same time I am!
Anyone get some pictures or video from our show at St. Paul's? Share them here!
Just got out of school.. is this even normal
Be sure to check out "The Meltdown" this weekend @ Theatre 7 in Las Vegas @ 7pm (Feb 4)... with yours truly...
That moment in a test when u think your answer is to dumb but it is actually right...:P
Thanks et al for a very informative & enjoyable #mmonline conf.
I know this is so old news, but I love the badass female Shepard cover for me3.
ok cool....I may try to come back, if I don't let me know how you do
I hate this house and everyone in it. Of course I'M the one that's fucking crazy. Just accept that you're wrong.
my dog just bit the shit outta my nipple.. dont ask how we got to this point.. just know it hurts like hell.. i feel for all breast feeders
The Declaration of Dependence, The U.S. Convolution, The Humanist Papers and The Bill of Political Rites
We will be visiting with Bamawear next week to discuss Alabama's Spring ball game in April
lovee your new song say nothing!! Haha jk. <3 Say somethin is a great song :)
After five, some people who are TOO programmed still talk shop like they are still at work
tweet tweet, testing one two :)
The Verge isn't loading up on my phone. This is the 3rd time it's had this issue in the past couple days.
Always believe all the hard work you put in will pay off soon!!!
I won't give up on us,even if the skies get rough.
yeah... no thanks. Im not buying that toy car.
I hate texting as much as I hate phone calls. Leave me alone, world.
Running, push ups, jumping rope, I ain't went this hard ever! Now its time to pick up that basketball & get shots up
I kind of wish I saw this one...
exactly, or they could at least say MAYBE I will do it, instead of just flat out lying
We need to stop #DwayneWade if we want to win; two dunks in one quarter is unbelievable.
Cabin san Lucas.. I knew this would happen
do you like supporting indie music? then check out to see whats and whos happening!
My cousin met Phil Collins at a private Texas history book meeting. When she showed the pics, I immediately thought of you.
Japanese can be written both horizontally called yokogaki (the Western way) or vertically called tategaki (the traditional way)
got that california christmas on repeat
Hahaha let Mr. Sniffles know that he's 6-7 months too early.
Ahh, Mac' at 15%, iPhone at 41% and it's only 2:17PM! Hope I don't have to live without social media for the rest of #sdsms!
HAHAHAHAHA he believed us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
One of the Best Games ever!
#ConfessionNight.... Uh oh y'all.
oh okay then midget man.. Goodluck! Lol
Beverage time!!!
Is alive?
Don't forget to tip ur contractor... suggestions 5K to 10K would be good (just joking) I think.
Verizon Center snuck in Judas Priest as the hour changed--silly!
It's Nat'l Chocolate Chip Day. I'd put in a request w/the chef of the house, but that happens to be me.
it's going to be hard to enjoy it without you guys but I guess I'll try;)
Groups need to be very attentive to governance on distributed results so that false claims don't impact reputation of group
Sore throat, earache, runny nose, sneezing, coughing. And here I thought I might get through "winter" without the plague.
I got a condom on my dick girl we fuckin now...
Introducing project #socialitr at the
Quinn's learning to walk again based wholly on the power of scrunched up face.
When life gives you scraps, make a scrapbook!
I think decrease..
Who is this guy NOVAK? He shooting like Michael Jordan out here.
#NIN - this weekend only we've got a lot of the NIN tour stock on sale for $9.99. sale ends sometime monday morning (EST)
Soup this week at is PAY-IT-FORWARD CLASSIC ORIGINAL #CHICKENNOODLESOUP AND #ITALIANPIZZASOUP - ORDER NOW!!
I KNOW RIGHT
": UPDATE: According to , investigators don't know George Zimmerman's location."
I am always blessed at work by the tweets from the service. They help to keep me focus on the important things while I work.
Equality is important.
follow me please? Big fan!(;
I hate disappointing people but honestly there comes a point where you
nothing on the phone watchin tv
lol Thats Funny I got this Dirty Sprite in my Cup (=
I was bullied I still an though </3
My Penis Has Stamina.
Yay about Lisa. Let's do Joy next week. Will email u. RT Lisa was great as always. Would love again
How cool would an ABDC episode with One Direction songs be?
Oh William.
Although, my grades may not be as high as I hoped for, I'm very #thankful for every experience, but most of all, that this semester's over!
All right!! RT : Jeanne Claire Van Ryzin wins 1st place from #TxAPME for comment & criticism. Congrats!
what a great pic of all of us!
One thing is forsure. As math levels increase, so do the level of ugly people and asains.
I can't wait to get to law school.. Ooowheeeeeee
umm, grappa in afternoon. i want to work in your office.
Chris rock goes to that restraunt alot that would be awsome if i saw him!
he has no choice at this point if he expects anyone to think he has an ounce of sanity left.
#slightoversight RT also apparently Herschel has a shotgun that carries fifty rounds.
Our home library filled 25 Depot boxes. We have too many books.
I had an ok day today:P
Just got The Layover app!
#HawksFam wake up, Its #hawks game day leh'go
a very sad and unfortunate accident....we will miss you Salvatore!
Hi Siobhan, will do- we sent u an email a few hours ago actually!
What's The Deal?
ok so let's plan to watch the movie around 7ish
Steve Miller Band pandora station may just be the best thing ever. EVER.
will you ever notice me???
how do u like Miami so far??
Well.. I DO like Gerbils...
Feel good today
Filming an anti-bullying music video this Saturday with rapper LG Wise and Joe Schillaci, star of THE FIRST 48. Details on my Facebook pages
now you have hurt my sensitive side
Some Ps3 sounds good :P
Dead serious!
with edu discount, it's cheaper to buy M-F delivery and get digital access bundled then buying only digit. kills more trees tho.
Waiting on to get bck frm mf vacation so I can put his ass to work on some verses lol
LOVE the lemon and lime colors!
these next two weeks need to go by FAST!
holler on our way!!
Eating cheesecake with milk, followed by Reeses Peanut Butter Cups and Kit Kats. This is because I know I'll be gymming tomorrow.
I thought it was a research facility.
Thanks for the RT!
after checking out your profile, it's Ketch. My plane was headed there after Juneau
Gotta clean, today worth it though
:D RT : "world star hip hop is CNN for black people"
IM STILL CALLING!(; ANSWERR
Howdy, howdy my favorite #HITsm people! How have you all been? :)
Less than 7 minutes left in the first half -- Hurtin up 105-32 over
I got 99 problems and Carlos Marmol isn't one of them
“: Just picked up my copy of The Source! Go get yours. (@ Walmart Supercenter)hahaha dude I did the same thing after I saw your pic!
Suggestion for this last day of #mercuryretrograde, "Let go and let be." -
doesn't seem to add much value.
Me too
At this school!... All Work and know play
lmao! Sir Robert Banks baby hahaha
Let me know if you're interested in April's "Intro to horseback riding for actors"
stop spamming, I have nothing to do, or will I ever have anything to do with Walmart.
If most people really don't want to be married, why do so many people spend all of their time, energy, and money trying to get married?
Oh, oh...I wuv you too!
Hands down, I prefer rapping and singing as opposed to JUST singing.
I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love, I did, I did.
I don't like when restaurants have carpet in their dining room.
BUT I AIN'T BLACK WHAT NOW
I look outside and see the promise of spring. I look inside myself and feel the promise of new beginnings. I see myself in a new way.
oh no! i think that is why I am getting referred to hootsuite with everything that i find now.
It's about time the bruins woke up, Just tied the game 1-1.
I hope I don't have night school AGAIN this year 'cause imma shoot myself , real talk
ah gotcha. yeah traveling for work can be a mixed bag, especially on a Sunday
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I am resting from site seeing :) I got a hotel room n Sodertalje :)
": As an #Aries most people hate on you,but you don't give a fuck because you're always going to be number one." OK YESS I KNO
MT Pk to attend Nato; discussions begin on suply routes;we continue 2 press for Salala apology + work for best natnl outcomes.
Yes, gmail has become my personal data archive.
Read more about how young #filmmakers are showing us all the real
do you think the games are rigged sometimes like the refs give the calls to one team to make it intense?
has the most gorgeous blue eyes....#unreal <21
No one. I just like this kid, and I wish there could be an "Us"..
Me and hAve problems staring
If my name were Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson, I would chant it to myself like a mantra to put myself to sleep every night.
sorry i must go !
Wednesday feels like an Egg McMuffin kind of day. Especially when they are NOW buy one get one free!
Tomorrow is Wear Purple for Peace Day - break out your purple finery.
omg jim irsay crying
I have too many friends and cohorts living out their dreams for me to not try to live out mine.
I would do anything to skype you on #SkypeSunday please please please!!!!!! Haha
just finished cleaning up after that good meal you missed out on....my fam went to bed & left the mess for me...smh
Check out our career opportunities on our website! Under About us- Careers at Infiniti
thank you for the follow. Have a great weekend.
Assault with a deadly Waffle
they dnt see it coming
that actually looks phenomenal lol
Working on a gift box idea for mailing out product. I just have to get my brain and my creative cell structure talking! More coffee!!
He was hilarious too lol the next movie I'm going to see at the movies is "Crooked Arrows" it seems very inspirational :)
Lol they changed the whole party up quick
3 1 in the studio tonight... also got C Wade comin through. Photoshoot with Trill Ent coming soon... Hit me up Dallas!
She gets to have all PF go camping with her. I'll explain monday or tuesday
I kno the dude who's .. he acting gay as fuck
Lol wow.. this isnt just muncie RT : The first thing you say at the drive thru windows is, “Lemme get uhhhhhhhhhmmm
A major web design trend in 2012 will be the migration to responsive websites.
I've been comparing Sasquatch to Bumbershoot and while Sasquatch is bigger, seems like Bumbershoot is the better overall value @ $110 v $310
wish I could<3
Just wanted to let everyone know that I changed my username from Dwattspt to befitchicago.
better start saying your goodbyes to him... Once it's said he better be written off haha
'What we've learned over this time is that you always have to be vigilant' Nancy Keenan on
RT “: Hey, come help me with this pizza.”
yes you can! it takes time and effort. RT : A4 Can you change perceptions? Can you change ASSUMPTIONS?
Back of shirt: "How's my running? Call 1-800-EAT-DUST"
. The GOP has openly said #WiRecalls are a testing ground for success, so are wrong; it's not a 'state's' issue.
lmfaooo if that was the case u wouldnt be tweeting right now
Till May 14.
Whatever it is that you celebrate, let it be merry. Cheers and love to everybody
TODAY Funk Fest 2012 - JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz at 11-5pm. Buy 2-2Day Passes & Get 1 Free! Athlete's Foot on Normandy & Boutique 3:16...
Taking that huge hit just to have your friend make you laugh 0.2 seconds afterwords
I follow you if you are into
Congrats! Looking forward to meeting you & the team :)
I can't believe followed me! Wow lol. He's a great dancer.
"It's right, just not right now."
That explains a lot about why I'm not freaked out by the zombies. They'd starve if I was the only food source. ;)
any simple guidelines for how to read and what to look for when using a refractometer? I make syrups (herbal et al) for my sodas.
NC THIS YEAR IS GONNA BE THE FUCKING SHIT
Wow! That's big news.
Go Bow Ties!!! Love you & so proud of you
Really? The first play is a sack and fumble lol this is going to be a fun game
I'm out by Nordale Road.
So, unlike last year, 30 Rock live was AWESOME this time around. Figured out how to make it work.
You are welcome any time!! Taking Betsy to see our new house/neighborhood... Can't wait! Hugs!!
Winners want the ball. Not run from it Thats what may be missing from your fav player. IJS....
You a phean.
My fault,Twitter has'nt been a priority for me bro,..and I chilled out on doing animations for people also,too time consuming..
One of my favorite shows just played a song from my favorite indie band <3
yeah weird. just tried calling him too. hm....
hw would u do dat? lol im so all over u tonight im sorry :(
Melancholic feeling of leaving a city w/ so many loves
Haleyyy! on the bus ramp, i txted big dylan "dylan! meet me on bus ramp! i want a hug!" 5 mins later he found me (:
I want fly to miami -_-
Thanks for the rec Aaron! RT : Go to Paesanos RT : Best places in Sac's midtown for a casual dinner?
Sorry we haven't been on much. I was at camp this weekend and Mia has a lot of school work. -K
Is it me or does Duncan look very spry on the court right now?
Going to see tonight at #minglewoodhall. So stoked to see them live finally!!!
RT : Mama, we need to stop that big truck! It's taking everybody's leaves!
I agree. I'm a fan of Hansen, but the Dr. was ridiculous today.
Oh gosh I'm not falling asleep. Not cute bro. I can't stay up any longer. Night! Mwah. :*
Sometimes I feel like I'm addicted to elance like others are addicted to gambling... of course, it's kinda the same thing...
The interesting things I've seen on the way into Miller Park; 8 people crammed into a four-door sedan, 3 trucks w personal port-a-potties...
QT : " so many test in life , but who are you to grade it " - (Yessir!)
What do computers eat when they get hungry? Chips.
you making my cheeks red and I'm black <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
you said stuffed crab. I assumed with something good like cheese and herbs and lump crab meat. This was disappointing.
Love, love, love.
RT : These agreements may not create headlines, but they do create jobs #SecClinton on importance of US trade agreements
Good morning!
: context-free rap quote of the day, "I don't do to much blogging, busy running this town, I don't do too much jogging."
Class almost over <U+E00E>
Feels good to be back in the big apple
..Curly Hair ?
A Google product in beta? RT At Time of Release, Google Glasses May Not Be the Full Augmented UI We See in Promos
there's a golf course in los feliz? i never knew that!
Hi! Are you still running your kids eat for 99 cents special? If so, what are the details? Thanks!
Currently do some homework on an MLM, lifevantage. Any suggestions or comments about this company?
Date #night with Buona Beef and The Avengers. Maybe Culvers drive thru later.
J Kennedy asks if double prosecution could occur under
Oh, broody!
Yeah it would've been interesting if he'd have made it farther.
We have quite the special for you today and tomorrow: Biscuits and Gravy! Great for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, hangovers..
FRIDAY - Bouillabaisse, local seafood in a tomato broth & saffron rice suggested wine pairing ~ George Duboeuf Morgan "Cru Beaujolais"
I'm trying to figure out twitter and considering a departure from dear old Facebook.
Just got copies of Binny's () adorable "Doodles for Kids" activity book, pub. by Publications International. So cute!
Hey I got you something, it's an all expenses paid trip to the morgue!! #CongratsBitch!
Fred and lauren
Thinking education "futures" proposals focused on content coverage and measurement are problematic "legacy futures."
If you could formulate your own a class at Berkeley, what would it be?
thank you so much!! :D think you could tweet it and tell people to vote?! It would literally mean so much<3
all i see on my timeline is damn bro even niall tweeted about you
wow AMI for this shouldn't be so hard to find but i'm drawing blanks; miss AMI; want free enthought-like AMI
Snakes have two sets of eyes! Once you've been spotted, it's very difficult to get away!
Thanks for the #FF, Ryan. Hope you had a great week, and here's to having an even better weekend!
Fighting Glare? Paint bright walls a darker color and use paint with a matte finish. Install an anti-glare screen or a hood on your monitor.
#4bmore because somebody has to figure out a way for people to pay for energy
Today I am better than I was the day before because I learned something new! Today I will learn something new so I am better than the day b…
FIRST OVERBLOOD 2, NOW THIS? WHY DO YOU TOY WITH OUR EMOTIONS REINER?
Theme for my 8th grade US History classes,History is like Reality TV! They love it! It is helping History become real to my students,
RT Bobby Doerr turns 93 years old today. Oldest living member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.
WI contributes 5 % more to our water source than we use at this time, big deal don't waist it
Mom and dad talking about moving!
“ Dinosaurs were lies fed to us to cover up the existence of Pokemon.”
You got it bad </3
Tomorrow is National Teacher Appreciation day. Many teachers, including colleagues, to thank during this finals week
I had on and my mom thought it was Coldplay SHE LIKES THE NEW STUFF :o is this real life??
Supposed to be in the city right now meeting Colton Dixon :(
You were everything everything that I wanted
Thank you all for the follow & #ShineYourDivine with us! Stay connected #Denver to learn of #Enlightened speakers who will attend the event
#B1G on a roll. Four of past eight #NFLdraft picks came out of the conference (Iowa, Illinois 2, Wisconsin). Will Devon Still be next?
Can't I Ever Just Get a Break.
“: Busch Gardens tomorrow with the best. .(: matching buddies!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>” TWIN. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
RT : #dearfuturehusband... just make me laugh- knock knock
": Lets go Thunder! #OKC"
FINALLY IT SNOWS!
haha I love how he smiles for the pic too xD
After a great opening, we are looking forward to sipping some tequila this evening...
I want candy- mc chris
haha that toddler cracked me up!!! She's so good at acting LOL
Honestly, all I wanted to do today was look at shoes online and possibly purchase some and play Skyrim but that apparently won't happen
Thank you so much !! Awesome experience as always!!
American idol with
The one where the populist Irish-Am rock band and the GOP Assembly leader tussle, cite union politics and Onion articles....
Great panel today on art&tech Would be great 2 collaborate on conversations about their awesome collection
:) It'll make it that much sweeter. :)
Buy tickets to Bonsallpalooza for $40 general admission!
it hasn't sunk in yet...
Once again, I hate Dane Cook.
Productive Sunday. Cleaned, upgraded home furnishings, installed DLAN. Now off to celebrate bday.
prep prep prep!! Sara Beth and I are WORKIN" it on East!
RT Now that's a real Artist! Real music!!! People don't appreciate real talent!!!
RT : I can't wait to try Runaway Red lipstick when its released!
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
I'd like again to hear from my friends on the left about this president being "spineless" or whatever.
I don't knwo what it is or target or anything :( I am stops and looks down
sososososososo jealous. My teeth AREN'T even that bad -.-
in your settings
RT : RT : "Assumptions are the termites of relationships." -Henry Winkler
A1: First question, does being a Twitter sensation meet your job seeking strategy?
RT : To be bold, courageous & a true radical woman your self worth has to be equal to your net worth.
Heavy rain in St. Joe, sheets, extremely windy.
It's about 80 here today!
smells like weed on the bus:P
Is Septa on Twitter? I just waited 45 minutes for the #12 bus. I know it's a busy day but 3 #42s and a few #21s & #9s managed to come by.
thanks for the follow! any chance you're connected to attorney #bobalsdorf? connections abound!
Is Rex Ryan there?
My teacher says things and she's the only one that laughs
First time has seen Snaer play.
Wikipedia books are collections of Wikipedia articles that can be viewed, downloaded, or printed into a book
Exactly. Those damn disembodies extraterrestrials! Go back to the mothership!
watching the telecom industry flail and die
I do! I always liked the design and the way it fit together.
We take the stage at 7:45pm at Peabody's for the Soulfly show! Hope to see you all there!
Thrilled to see another example of someone working hard, putting in the time, and getting rewarded. Even more thrilled that it's a friend.
Took my final 4 alge nd just finish english exam... nervous 4 BIOS:{
#20thingsAboutMe I absolutely love STARBUCKS!<3
Oh no! Good luck with that. Hope it goes okay. What a hard thing to do!
I would love to see in the ring again!
I love talking to my baby girl, lives so far but I can't wait to see her! Why did you run away!
I may have a crush on Charles Osgood.
Ciao Drew!! Thanks for connecting- its been forever!!
Talking to my manager on the phone I asked "Who you thinks gonna win the fight tonight?" He says "My wife. She always wins."
The devil is always busy...try not to give him any of ur time or attention,cus time is valuble
I'll be there :)
I've made an analog beach.
kids are annoying. -.0
$115/yr to watch all games on MLB.tv, and I can use my Roku. oh yeah!!!!
Didn't Jesus sweat drops of blood in anguish and fear while trusting in God's perfect love?
4square and Google maps can't find me in Grenada...odd...
-smiles- Great, we can just surprise her when we get there
Just got an email from about the Trigger 1.65 update... The new midi feature is going to be very useful for us
If GWB had gotten Bin Laden, this country would still be shooting confetti out of cannons..Chris Matthews
Only person I know bit by rattlesnake picked it up b/c thought it was dead. So don't do that...
Yep. You prob. know she plays music and sings too. Smart. Beautiful. Not seeing too much wrong there, lol.
means July through October.
Fall semester back down to 16 units. so upsetting. But it's for a good purpose. *shrugs*
“: Every girl has three guys in her life: The one she loves. The one she hates. The one she can’t live without.”
Have to just sit here in penn for an hour til my train
Now I'm ready for New Orleans!
RT : #MAWC2012 so excited to be learning from steve stoute!!!! He's a genius with branding...
Came back from parents house with two dead PCs. Frankenputer time.
Off to Starbucks. Lots of work to do.
few are better to watch than #CaptainCally - great first period
- OH! That is sweet! I've always wanted to go to Italy. I'm of English/Irish descent, but I might as well have been Italian.
RT : "The healthcare law is unconstitutional and must be overturned." -- National Association of Funeral Directors
I choose C: both - balance between head and heart.
ill check out vids
IPD and City Police Chiefs spoke at Larie Butler's funeral, told the parents they can be very proud of their daughter,
I know I've seen him in action but IS THAT DOG REAL
If you change a persons mind against their will, they are of the same opinion still.
Man, maybe-stray cat is pissed. I can hear it growling from here. My cat is guarding the 2nd floor window for me.
The only music I like?.. Anything sung by Cher Lloyd and One Direction . They are all amazing. Xx #loveit & the rest of them
a much more compelling headline Chelsea! KCBJ needs a new writer!
RT Saturday - October 15th: Movie + Concert Night With SULU DC!
trapped... up there, up there...
I used that one at one time. No other picture is more telling of Bert's character.
Love how I can bribe my mom to take me to Starbucks at 8 at night! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> love her!
Hope you remember where you stuck your umbrella and rain boots - weekend storm is shaping up to be a good one.
does that work?
sign up brotha!
Seems so, looking at the # of players who will be arb cheap for the next few years, seems like Greinke could fit.
Let's Go Ranger!!
Bank called to see if my card was stolen cause I went shopping. Funny, when I spend $500 on whiskey shots they're like 'sounds about right'.
Almost #Thanksgiving ! One more day!!
oh ya when is the deadline?!!!!
These oceans are far between our hearts; the breathing has got too hard.<3333
indeed! You coming!? I look forward to seeing you.
TARGET GIRLFRAAAAAND! hahaha. thank you so so much! xx
I got my own place I couldn't live with my mom NO SEX AT ALL ;(
Korn - Kill Mercy Within
swag. IDK. im bored. r u bored. im bored.
following you all!
Congratulations to Francesco Rosi for his impending award at the Venice Film Festival.
Hey U!!! Happy New Yrs!
Going to see cowboys With my friends it better be good
It's Cinco De Mayo and we are heading out for our escape on the town in search of the perfect drink...suggestions?
Adam's sexiness is so blowing me away right now!
unfortunately yes. Verizon service it much better.
#BlackParentsQuotes DONT TOUCH MY DAMN AC!!
4) Walk Together Rock Together - 7 Seconds 5) On the streetssaving the scene fromthe forces of evil -Good Clean Fun
Make 2012 the year that your home truly becomes your castle in every room!
Chocolate + Strawberries = yummy town
macklemore - the town
Jeremy Lin this kid is going to be great he is only going to get better.
So GOOD!
Use plastic pots in your garden to save money and water. They heat up less than clay, and they cost less.
I do everything I just don't understand why things never change
Luck is not a business strategy.
Do not deceive your self. Do what you say and say what you've done
There are no sick days when it's Tourney time ya know??
Back from mini tour with Irie Sol. Good times- Can I go to bed now? Goodnight!
fucccccckkkkk yea... actin funny don't wanna send my shit
perfect timing for my own daily dump.
sho will but i think is green
after I said my final farewell in newark, my wife and mother duked it out in court for a $5000 insurance policy..both lost to the IRS
Personally, I feel the 15 minutes you spent brushing that half a head of hair could have been more productively spent with your therapist.
"Live, laugh, and grow fat" - quote on the hat of a guy passed out across from me in the airport.
Yawn night
Hey Baltimore, come out to Phil Kline's "Unsilent Night" boombox parade starting at Southeast Anchor Branch Library in Highlandtown at 4:45!
the niggas with dreads who be following me >>>>
alwsome i love doing tumbles!!:0 its the best been doing it for 3 years now love it:)!
armies of RAs. UCSB did a TV content analysis in the early 90s and had RAs swapping VCR tapes constantly.
why are you even talking to me..?
keep working hard!
Didn't know frogs liked Walmart ???
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
4 auditions this week, helping out a friend and taking another friend to LAX. Wow SUPER busy! Still heartbroken though :(
omg that poor bunny lol
Hearing rumors that Cincy center Yancy Gates is in talks to star in a black remake of The Incredible Hulk.
Us too! RT : I've been waiting for all week!
Thank you!
I would be so much more excited for Vegas night if Edgewood didn't suck so much..
New episode tonight. So excited!!
never watched the show..but either way they have great chem. I started watching coz of Scott porter but bethel hooked me..
": Where all the Baltimore fans!!!" RIGHT HERE BABY....#RAVENATION! CONGRATS & WELCOME HOME!!!!
The no cymbals thing was at Fripp's request. IIRC, BB then refused to play anything in 4/4.
Thanks Tim - It might be the weekend but its full on here
ANGEL :D
Kuchar captures Players Championship golf American Matt Kuchar kept his composure while others around him caved under the pressure to win
"..Go with the flow. The idea is to remain in a state of constant departure, while always arriving. It saves on introductions and goodbyes."
You pay upfront, because despite all the honest people we do business with, there are some who see no need to pay after service is complete.
"credit wipe out" is my new fav of the series. love.
If you are afraid, you cannot take reasonable risks and do not have the benefits.
This isn't as easy as it looks, okay? RT What the hell are you doin this is the
HOLLA! We still on for Vancouvy?
Oh great - another way for us geeks to be "picked last" - Thank you so much for bringing back high school gym.
hehe :) miss you more little one
and I love working in tennis and I travel a lot around the world for tournaments/work. Takes so much of my time. One day...
Who's ready for our twitter party? (;
Usually 5-7pm, big group as I left 7:15, didn't get to meet everyone. Some stay until 10.Going 2plan&stay later
The Steelers released Hines Ward. Thanks Hines for all the years of great Steeler football
Looking for a product photographer with clean style in Dallas, TX. Contact us at: with rate and online portfolio.
Finally back in town and looks like I will be here for a little while! YAY!!!
I don't like Drake's music...do you?
The smiling face of a great news item!
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony @ 12th & Porter on March 13. Tickets on sale soon.
It's a problem that I consider taking out two books from the lib, and not even opening them, enough work for the night
Thanks. Can't wait!
Good morning.....slow start today. How is everyone?
Um? I thought was great.. still my favorite in the whole competition!
Sports video production AMAZES me. Touche, my dudes.
there are like thirty people who added me on facebook that i didn't want to add and they've just been sitting in my inbox for like two years
Great idea! We are working on some stuff like that so I will make sure that gets brought up. :)
OMG THIS SONG IS AMAZING OK
I have just discovered that I can listen to the NPR app at work. Oh my gosh. I love it.
So true! Your new path can take you to amazing places!
Passing Austin,listening to DIRTY WORMZ! C U at Dallas Convention Center
Man it's a joy to just watch my boys play football
excellent point. In fact, for whatever reason, I would bet he's "average" all the way round.
-- please remove your tweet.
Oh, mine's gone for months. Not exaggerating. At this point I'm thinking of just getting rid of the dresser.
The 3rd inning has KILLED the Indians...and the announcer keeps messing up the score!
OoWee!!!!... Headed out to go killed this show...hope ur ready NE!!!!
hey ! WHats join on!
Anyone out there a member of the Sports Marketing Network? Would be interested to hear the pros and cons.
Wow! Where can I buy those??
No, go right ahead (:
hay hoe how u doing were u been probaly doing hoe stuff ckuse there u hoe again<<<luda
I have a meeting after the show, but will jump into #MusicTriviaFri when I can
Haha...how long have you been a conservative?
Nice to meet you too! How are you and Wrigs doing?
I'm going as Harry potter I have the wand and everything lol
: happy birthday. :D
8:30 pm. where in baltimore can I commune with other supporters of #TroyDavis ?
"LOVE must be as much a LIGHT, as it is a FLAME." ~Henry David Thoreau... May the INSPIRATION you give to others, EMPOWER YOUR LIFE as well.
Sir Too Short comin straight from Oakland....life is...Too Short
Thanks Brian! I'm not sure why I thought it was this weekend!
Rebecca's for lunch?! Yes please.
wants to ask about how private giving would impact student learning.
Hearing our song when I'm really missing you. Coincidence? I call it fate.
you were right and reagan still sucks and i still listen to hardcore
@ the #Beddroc meeting! Wrapn things up getn it crackn get ready All Summer here we go #WHOOP!
cheese and chips on white bread
Awaiting #POTUS 's address to the nation from Bagram Air Force Base in
You Still Believe Michael Jackson Gave You Nose Candy? Funny It Comes Out After Michael Dies
It's take your kids to work day are your kids at work?
pretty much
the angle of the dangle is equally proportional to the heat of the meat provided that the urge to surge remains constant!
no hahah I am so confused right now. What did you mean by the first one
Good conversation today with the owner of
just for the record, my last.fm: "Top Artists: Overall: Elliott Smith 23,418"
Anywhere the sun is shining...with a #CocaCola and #Cheezits! :)
By who??
Anytime. Love working with you and adding to your already wonderful site.
A shift from the wisdom of crowds to the wisdom of friends
Thanks, Charlotte! :) x
tryin to c whats up wit the listening party tonight
But thank you for the fan-ly reminder, nonetheless! Cheers, dear. x
#InstantTurnOn lip biting,grabbing, whispering, neck kissing...
Started finals today and finished my first one in ten minutes, feeling like its going to be a good finals week.
right on boss
“: Can we finally drop all references to Roethlisberger's ankle injury. He's moving pretty good out there” can't pass
Don't forget to be "social" when utilizing social media
You are my <U+2600> and you know it why try and tell yourself differently.
9days till i go back to california. I never get tired of helping certain family members out
Thanks for all your great work. Very much appreciated!
I decided to just let that one go.
Sleeping with the enemy in my pants
"Recycling" an earth day post from a few years back...pioneers were green before green was cool!
FINE, I followed through and got a picture-.- Happy? Lol
lol well said!!!!
seen your twin in ny.I wanted to walk and be what up la halla. But it wasnt and would of been awkward lol
I got number 4 on repeat already
Glad you enjoy it! Be sure to check our Facebook later this month, got something cool coming out soon!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 40
That reminds me of this quote: "Digital cultural heritage resources are a fundamental dataset for the humanities"+
RT Our PR guy speaking at the PR + Social Media Summit at Marquette University. #prsms Good stuff!
haha i love how they all are about economically savvy food ordering, of course, too good...
In "Grade the Media," Chief Lansdowne gives UT and reporter Pauline Repard an "A" grade for coverage, rest of local media gets B or B-
I'm like, "Want!" And how I wish I could use "now with all the original spelling errors" as a selling point.
John Katsilometes was just freebasing in my kitchen. Photographic evidence to follow.
i absolutely despise that term. i don't know why, it sounds so freakin creepy.
oh :). I hate when people use those and i cant see it -__- . I want an ipadd
M triple shot of Rwanda coko. - fuel for hockey
#diagnosticcheck-LizardBrain: thank u 4 catching me when I fall. LeftBrain: I'm safe/good comes. RightBrain: how will I make it a great day?
Happy Cinco de Mayo, another holiday invented by beer companies, just like St. Patrick's Day. Celebrated more in USA than Mexico.
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
I can be such a girl sometimes.
Someone come to extreme tan in heath. We. Are. Dead.
Seems like a good argument for some conferences only taking place every two years. ;-)
presentation on monday and audition (i dont knoe my sides yet + dont have the music for my 2 songs) ... just great
I still need to buy the new Meshuggah album.
#dh2010 Is there a drinking fountain in this building somewhere??
one more hour in this hell hole.
Congratz on the new gig! Best of luck!
Drop us an email if you haven't already and we'll see how we can help.
Showers continue through the lunch hour with temps in the 50's. The #Foodtruckforecast is much better tomorrow, suny and 60's!
you need to be on more often!
I agree! Lets keep using our voices, our art, our hearts, & our knowledge to inform & teach. I believe in change :)
wow im really suprised it snowed today.
lol I try!
I'm glad was my date to prom he was a perfect gentleman and held my clutch <3
You're very welcome! We look forward to seeing you again.
Podcast. So we could drink+cuss. RT : I still think the two of you should have a radio show on
To lazy to do anything... I wish I could go see Leah
Live @ 8AM - Another enlightening episode of www.pdxsucks.com - now with flavor crystals
:) Are you having a nice afternoon?
I'm dead serious I hate pizza
Just got a new faucet for my VW camper!
- the company has been around 6 years. Primary biz is distro. Label is my passion. is 1st on
RACKED UP SHAWTY
Somebody just kill me please
Interested, but not sure I am in good enough shape not to die.
ok, we're ready for another patented 2 out rally! Does everyone have their rally caps on? oh, wait.
Did you say new board?
Until people retweet your stuff
Dopeness! I have no idea what year I am lol
My upstairs neighbors' music is so loud I just successfully Shazam'd it through the ceiling/floor combo we have separating us.
yes tomorrow
i agree. And when his mom died. And when he firsts meets his son <3
Yes i will hun give my a couple of minutes to get on my computer
Yes tops it of perfect (:
Marqaritas say "I fuck dudes in the ass"
U said "I'm super bored, and thinking of my program that displays the nerd next morning? I?" <--- thats what u said
O is in a flirty mood!!!!
Gretchen can't sing! That was the flattest, most horrific noise I've heard in awhile.
Are we last in sacks in the NFL? Or at least QB pressures? Orton could have wrote a novel back there today.
Uh... you already been robbed. In other news come check out this new metal poster I just got.
WEEKEND RECOVERY LAZER-LIFT® offers the benefits of a traditional face lift, but is far less-invasive.
you can add Allan Houston, Brandon Roy, Gilbert Arenas, Bob Sanders, and Shawn Kemp to that list.
Please pull through...
Barnes can't dribble. Serious Achilles heel.
A ship is safe in the harbor--but that is not what ships are for. ~ John Shedd
got a little drunk then got to hold a human brain w/ that shit cray
I cried at the trailer during #FriendsWithKids ! I have to see #Bully now.
..hi there! I'm new to this, but if I could get a follow or retweet..I'll Dance around my room in your honor..thanks!
Contacted yr office several times, but no reply. Would love your support. Just a few words = a big impact for The Newark Mosaic.
customer service was very slow
Greatmarket today in NYC! THKS to returning customers & popular new spicy sauces! peanut still fav, &the "fatayas" were a hit! Havagoodweek!
HURRY UP IN FREE MY NIGGA BOOSIE BOO!! GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN NOT GUILTY!!
Merry Christmas from !
Headed to the Red Tie event honoring of Larry King tonight in Hollywood...should be a special gathering for the ole fella...
Stop by right now for some live music
Hi Beautiful Music Man yeah I am serious about the Lady Lumps being just right! Work now Play L8R xo
Rain's coming. Time to put the dirty kids in the yard.
that's what i loved about JV softball, no rule saying you have to try and move out of the way, i got hit by a pitch every game
Happy Sunday!
Four heartbreaks in three years for the Raider Nation.God I hope the Raiders don't let this chance slip away with another 5-11 or worse.
Even with the new changes to the "coffee shops?" :-)
No YOU are.
Gushing rain at La Mansion de Oliver. Which is OK in my book.
Alright. All systems go, for now at least :)
You aren't in LA now, are you? PS - I still owe you lunch ;)
Hey, in new #upgrade to my e-mail, just dragging cursor across an e-mail perma-deletes it (w/out even going to Trash). #TECHNOLOGY IS AWFUL.
Yeah, I'll let you tell her the latter part.
U r not allowed to scream deush bag during oteam lol
yes! And keep it that way #noscrubs lol
On the other hand I need to finish reading the hunger games ......
has a ford with a license plate that says KLUTZ
yeah they just came Out with it. It's like kinda the perfect song for u and I.... DANG IT!!!
Also, thanks to everyone who brought the Twitter hack to our attention. Very helpful!
Having good friends makes dealing with all this bullshit a lot easier.
It means she gives me the courage and motivation to keep going
Wow I just noticed that my military contract is coming to an end soon.
totally, by February please, for the image. I've got a wedding in April. :)
Hey bro, nice black t-shirt. It must be every day of the week.
left you my number
Jimmy, come back! The game's not over yet!
It's fucking snowing?!
Judge whats wrog w/ go in windo turn lites on get lisa go in frontRm find lite go out dor,lites on is less supsicous than off
we have plenty room on the beach. Bring wine we are low.
Who won or winning the fight?
I wish my "office" was that awesome!
I kno, miss you too homie... <U+E401>
Guns + Junior Seau = Steroids, R.I.P Buddy
Over/Under on punts today...3!!
I think that is a month before the U.S. gets it
FINALLY off work. White castle sound good!!
Now, that REALLY gave me a smile. Requested a solid C. Been a B+ or C- all my life - hard to buy bras that fit ;-).
i like to know random facts, and why certain things were called we wouldn't know without an explanation.
twitter virgin. Hi everyone
Hey! Thats me(:
School districts around here are closing because of the cold. I don't remember ever losing a school day because of the cold.
Thanks for the follow... consider yourself protected
- sure, open to it. What are the details?
You ladies are awesome! Keep on tweetin!
if by "hot wheels" you mean "dick" then yes
Wolf releases this summer. Rumor has it Hodgy & Domo are making a MellowHigh tape. Rad.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you recall that someone you follow has more than 90,000 followers. *cough* *cough*
Emily - we wish you could be there, too!
Brilliant show; which season are you on? don't have nightmares of Patty!
Oh I love Mondays again!!
Dumb and Dumber 2.. FINALLY
No problem! I'm really looking forward to it. It's penciled in on my calendar with stars and rainbows and happy faces :-)
Archives #WIN RT The triumphant feeling of locating requested materials after a difficult search and keeping the archive users happy <U+263A>
This Wed in Milwaukee! But 3DoorsDown are playing the main ballroom. BO! You guys deserve better. Check out my Tunes, for real.
Just saw a worm doing the worm.
a guy that won't give up on love is the one everyone wants.
hope you love Seattle. keep smiling, takes native NWerners a while to recognize that much sunshine!
that's love
Bella: What a stupid Lamb
Speaking & singing at The Nashville Rescue Mission tonight @ 6:30pm!
I haven't been to that one in a while. Needed salad.....and warm soup. :)
So tired of hearing about marry the night. Yes it's a good song can we shut up about it now
One thing that I learn is to always think positive and good things will come your way
I gotsss a hot date tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Out exploring...
Cool! Glad to have you. Enjoy your day.
"I'm still here, but it hasn't been easy. I'm sure that you had your reasons." ::james morrison::this boy::
i live in cleveland
I just looked it up. It's 78,101.19 us dollars. I'll take it
and no one on here will EVER know that that stands for.
yeah same here I love it so much but I've lost my voice so many times
so don't make the last time
Ending the day finishing RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK, which I saw half of yesterday.
Check out our web site for some great porn, look under news U.S. and World News -- Baldinger
oh duh of course! :)
#FF thanks to some awesome fans!
RT if u like Miranda Cosgrove!
Day two of cops posted up at 14th and U to give a stern talking to to jaywalkers...
Good luck!
Would like to speak to you for a School Library Journal story. DM good contact info
#FEDUP Most citizens with #AnySense will cut back SPENDING if getting close to #MaxSpendingLimit if have any choice AT ALL.
wild wild west
S/O to that Keshaaaaaaa. She gon help my celebrate summer.
I know, but what new adventures have you been on?
Hope you got home from Jamaica just fine. How was the tuna you caught?
#MorningMix: Every morning, we share two tracks that inspire us to go out and kick ass that day. You in?
Friday, thank you and good night! We are ready for a cocktail...in both hands :)
You'll never be able to find the right one if you don't let go of the wrong one.
A sad day indeed.
Spent 30 minutes pedaling and I was able to burn off a honey bun. YAY!
So I purchased contacts today. Haven't work contacts since high school. Not sure how I feel about them.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
ice cream time!!!!!! it's not meant for me to be fit ever again
oh I will. you will never get a good high score.
Pilates with me + The great outdoors...What more could you want? ;)
So nice to bump into an old Co worker during a random walk. This city is not that big afterall!
If only 10 AMAZING people FOLLOW for me... Tell me and I will gladly follow you back. Thank you!!
This is the week to check out Lea Gray's "Visual Rhythm" art installation sponsored by www.Lumierecandleco.com .
no, no bad fever! go away!
HEY can you follow me please please please i need to ask you somthing in privite
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
my mom is fighting IBJJF Dallas Open today War!!!
I eat a lot. Have a problem? Feed me.
Started watching #NBCTheVoice tonight and now I can't turn it off!!
"He who does not love does not know God, for God is love." 1 John 4:8
Dude! Janice Dickinson. That'll be awesome
Nikki-"finding the right boot is like finding the right partner in life." Um, ye
get at & we can send you some of our stuff
Born To Run is such a great book
Lots of white people wouldn't be caught dead saying that about James Posey or Tony Allen.
Omg I wanna go to the dodgers game to see ry. Who wants to go with me
#IfItWasUpToMe for every negative comment someone has said about another person they would get punched in the face by Hulk Hogan 10x more.
you're late...what happened to 10am sharp?
Flip, flip, flip-a-delphia
Way to go Paranormal!
what's good fam
Dodgers now a hot ticket because of Magic Johnson being an owner. Might get to a game or two this summer.
“: Last thing I read guesses a 10/15/11 launch date for the iPhone 5. Still nothing official.”
On the way to school. fun fun fun.
send all details when u can
okay cool. Where are you practicing?
Dr. Gupta's last lecture today at 4pm. Should be interesting.
has scored some killer interviews this week. too bad i have missed them all!
everytime someone says mandigo I think mango and my mouth waters.. #letthejokesbegin -__-
ok, be honest. What presents did you get that you're giving #drops to??
haha god I hate wateing ha especially for herbhahaha
A1 type of guy
OMG, that's fantastic! She needs a fetching leather cap & goggles...RT : Amelia of course!
School is POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora.
The only people who shouldn't be allowed to marry are celebrities.
#FREE WEDNESDAY COMEDY TONIGHT SHARP in Santa Monica. Headlining the laughs!
Shorty Got Gifts ;)
hahaha you're a trip
the book could lead to a horror film. perfect!
had an awesome time with you at Breakfast with Sharks
I really don't wanna be home right now but where else would I go? -__-
I hate knowing someones a business man just from the way they talk...
I would, but I am afraid...
Rest in peace. The mistake shall not be repeated.
Is it possible to fight wrinkles when you have sensitive skin? We'll see! I'm taking Wexler products for sensitive skin for a test drive
Thank you for the FF!
Went and saw think like a man last night. Wow were hilarious can't wait to buy the movie
I'm confused
You tweeted about it... is this legit?
Also found out we are getting TWO new team members in a couple of weeks. Nice surprise, much needed. Hope you have a smooth one!
I'm Gon get the money, no storm its sunny, try me and I'm comin out my coat arm with somethin
Ron Paul better do some endorsing, Romney is better than obama
That bull shit foul was on 32.
HUTCH,DOORS,WOOD,MCH Reviews | antique pine hutches
Bad mood.
thanks so much:)
i think lua is already tipsy
Hello virtual world--on Friday I start teaching a writing class. I'm in LA, they're in Sweden--all on Skype and Web. I feel like G. Jetson.
RT : RT : We're excited! just noted as the 2011 Best Cloud Data Mgt CODiE Winner.
If you find any item in our store at a cheaper price from another website or boutique, we will MATCH & BEAT their price! :)
Dang. Some people, ahem, women are tiny. Tinier than a 7 yr old. It's like WHAT.
I think Peapod and I are friends again
#bretmichaels would be a fun guest host. Also I'm certain would live a encore guest host stint at some point.
George Clooney would be a good celebrity since he starred in the Descendents, which had an end of life theme
It's possible to be sincere, & still be wrong. So be aware!.
Condit won the fight but lost me as a fan. He fought to win and succeeded, but I like fighters that fight to finish.
Happy First Day of Spring have a fantastic day!
Hahaha sorry it took us so long!
time to grow up!
Shhhhhhhhhh.... You re alerting the cattle.
I guess I see it as How can you not love God; how can you not want to give him your everything?
Day two of #matador21: chilling and drinking Tecates in the Palms pool...getting ready for round deuce tonight
I did! Can u follow me please?! :)
Hopefully not for to long. And beware of the ankle biters! LOL
May is Women's Health Month! Smile ladies! (and don't forget to brush)
Listening to #knowyourname by , this shit is craaazzzzy good
AUSTIN KILLED IT !
18 years old, 40+ songs, 4 albums, 1 movie, 1 world tour, 1 book, more than 55 awards and more than 50 millions of fans = Justin Drew Bieber
Big data and mobile is not wide spread yet. Lots of opportunity here for the future.
K-Rod will fit in well with #Brewers other relievers: DL-Rod, BB-Rod, L-Rod, A-Rod and John Axford.
Thanks! Just spent the morning w/ some of your amazing students! Keep up the amazing work!
Thinking about a CIAA without the EpiCentre...
Thank You! RT Yep, still true: has the BEST navratan korma in all of Philadelphia. M!
Hates a strong word
Lol alright you just need to figure out how we're gonna do then tell me haha ;)
So how did you get here under my skin? Swore that I'd never let you back in..
Hope its competitive, but I think the Patriots come out and light it up. Patriots 42 Giants 17.
Trying to reestablish a sense of calm and peace today, but that's not happening until my boss walks out the door.
Book your appointment for the holidays early. We are filling up fast.
Night off? Lets go to an open mic. I can only assume the church service is full. . Both make me feel good and laugh. Look what they wear
Rest in Peace #whitneyhouston. You will never be Forgotten!
OMG we hav the same icon! follow bck?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
If you need a resource for the shuttle flyover, Dr. Charles Justiz who flew the SCA cross country is available. Tweet me!
just pulled up to Sonic, & the lady goes "welcome to Burger King" FAIL.
He walks doily down the street. Oh, doily!
well idk about that bc he really wants to play football but he hasn't mentioned it since he has been playing baseball.
Oh baby. if only , if only
is performing at the Billboard awards tonight? Good luck Justin, win or loose I'm still supporting! =) <3
Curious if anyone saw "In the Heights" at the Milwaukee Theater over the weekend. Care to give me a twitter review? Didn't get chance to go.
aiite you eat it.. And when you sick as shit throwin err where ima look at you and say #WAYTORESPECTTHEHUSTLE lol clown
Weed needs to be fucking legal already so we dnt have to run or hide shit when we see the cops haha!
No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem. Booker T. Washington
RT oh ok sorry i forgot being a man involved watching the commercials during the game
Much harder to purchase a gift certificate for LA Opera than I would like.
Awe Cutie Pie<U+2665>
Watch the & joint blog for a post by yours truly in June
The 500 Days of Summer soundtrack is perfect and nothing hurts.
S/O to 1 of my new followers this young lady will be doing some big things. Please be on the lookout for her name w/girls bball.
Sometimes I'll make a call from my house phone just for the thrill.
aw thanks!
First run-through today of "Violet Sharp", Terra Nova's new play by founder Bill Cameron! Come see it, opening June 9th at the Grey Box!
wearing uggs anytime is a no-no to me. They are UGGLY.
Uh oh... lol ok cool. Yes bitch can't wait to chat.
Learn how you can be the one big difference in the life of an abused, neglected or abandoned child: www.voices4.org
So that movie "Are you afraid of the dark?" Should be called "Are you willing to ruin120 minutes of your life? WORST MOVIE EVER!!!!
nah cuz i didnt do what my mom told me to
o, really?
I left already but I gotta go back.... But I got u<U+E405>... How's your day goin
hey, your a singer from texas? :) me too! where can i hear your music?
Or maybe it suggests that "best" is an inadequate descriptor for memories.
When you start giving a Fuck too much simply recite the Serenity Prayer 4x to yourself then say out loud "I Don't Give A Fucks."
Yeah, little by little. What did you sign up for next quarter?
"Take a shower, shine your shoes..."
so nice to see you favorite my last tweet so excited for tonight i'm in la will follow anyway don't have east coast
u sweety ur the bomb, much love to u Barb send her luv 2 <Zee>
#Amerks Starters: David Leggio in goal, McNabb and Brennan on defense, Stuart, Voakes, and Ryan up top.
Sweep! RT Go Kings!
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with, "Quit while you're ahead"?...dont ever Quit dnt stop moving...Goodmorning
My poop will always be my life. Nothing else.
Looks like I'll be spending Thanksgiving holiday in Anacortes, WA this year! Love it there! With a few days in Seattle and Vancouver!
awkward.... but story of my life
Im officially a black mexican
what's up?
Looks like everything is up again, but don't hesitate to let us know if you run into any problems. Thanks for your patience!
When I leave Spotify playing the top 100, I'm terrified of it landing on a Bieber song and being judged forever..
Will anyone else be at tonight's Community Partner event? #CIW Hope to connect with folks! Excited 2 intro our new intern too
I piece of glass just fell off My phone...0___o Olivia told me to give it up lmao
So glad to be out of school for the day! Time to schwim.
Peyton going to Broncos! NO! He's needed in Miami!
You are welcome! Thanks 4 the support! RT Thank you for helping spread the word about our #quashindy team!
Robusters. Don't like the soldier head.
Been Chalking "Vote No" on Terrace Lounge Referendum against the #GlassBox during October 16th
Forever waiting on my parents to pick me up from school
prefs and ratings in are like the crosswalk buttons at most intersections - push them all you want and they don't do shit.
You can't buy loyalty, and fear doesn't bring loyalty. Your people are no different than your children. They respond to love and concern.
Waka Flocka Flame Teams Up with PETA to Fight Animal Cruelty
FLOW LIKE A RIVER
are you coming to ustream today..
It worked; LMAO! Thanks!
Hmm. Clearly I need to do some research on this...
Tonight were gonna flip it like a New York Bennett. We're gonna hail a cab and not look back once were in it.
I would! I suck at guitar :( RT Who would take Guitar lessons from me on band happy if I were to do it!?
I think I have enough dust lodged in my resp. system to get bronchitis all over again! Why can't wine fests be INDOORS!
yes, is so close!
As my 6 yr old dispatches a crab like lifelong Marylander, she throws back her head and exclaims "thank you God for good crab!"
OMG- did u just walk past me in the line for the monster man wrap party?
duuuudee?? Have you seen him?:0 EVERY girl likes him! Lol
When you need that special birthday gift visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your toy/game needs at the lowest prices!
Ridin up the boulavard crushing the sidewalk showin my surround while I'm knockin the doorz off
Join us at the LaSalle Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime! Ages 5 and younger.
Praying for you, my friend. Feel better.
This week's #SNL sure is sucking. Bring back Eli.
What platform do you integrate in your lms to deliver videos in online courses?
Some men just want to watch the world burn...
By Rahman Dukes Meek Mill rang in his 25th birthday on Sunday night with a blow out party in his hometown Philadelphia.
thanks for RT
yep..he followed me in like 2 tweets haha bc he was on i guess. i think celebs only really RT stuff lots. nothing else
Going upstairs to the playroom to visit E's restaurant. She has "menus and everything". Not sure we're appropriately zoned for this.
if you have so many assignments in a row that you have to have them aligned to read well…your code might be broken
Today is a new day & full of what you make it!
Woke up from a nap just in time for tip-off...
I love !
what? No I will not make out with you!!! Lol
&#39;No Church In The Wild&#39; ASL Video: Mark Nakhla, Greg Faxon And Sam Choi Sign To Kanye West, Jay-Z
RT : thanx for REAL reality shows like ! That show ROCKS!
"I failed my way to success." ~ Thomas Edison
Do you think about me still?
first time. I wouldn't mind seeing it again though.
I aint even gon lie I miss ma wifey
Haste makes waste!
We're hiring sales professionals! If you know of anyone interested in an Inside Sales job for a great company let me know!
Why, oh why, do I insist on engaging in debates with people who don't understand the purpose of a debate? Let it go, Elle...Walk away...
at party city with the best friend shopping for the bestfriends birthday party
At #FortressMorrison for the OMAHA CUP featuring Creighton Men's Soccer and 5 other teams... Come on down!!!
lol @ letting the abs flow. Well go head mr P90.
Happy to spread some Holiday cheer and !
i already do!
"Ass in chair" is good advice, but these days I think it should be more "head in book". I could AIC for 8 hours playing Defender's Quest.
ugh! Can't a girl just go to target and get her knock offs!? Just ordered a dress on target from the collection!
well I am taking my third sick day tomorrow so maybe I should have chicken noodle soup... :-)
Henry Ward Beecher: The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
Any East Coast appearances coming up for con season?
Thanks! There is some good stuff coming up in the next few issues of the magazine too. Definitely worth checking out!
i went exploring to day Friday is my real shopping spree day!
oh btw Tj don't forget to tell ur mom about those tickets.
no i don't. i've seen a few episodes though.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
same here. Would've shaken me as a human, but even more so as a mom to a tween son RT I stayed on this story for my own sons.
Goodbye party for one of the greatest law librarians I've ever met. We even had karaoke!
hahah. They're only 30 minutes, but you really work for it. She reminds you that if you're Only doing 30- you better bust ass
hahaha love you to! :)
Jonas Fans Are Blessed y siempre lo seremos
Still remember the day Justin selled MSG in 22 minutes :') so proud justin,great job
Love your business card (as seen at the QSC)
waiting for Diesel to convert the file to a size we can post. Sorry for the delay. :) still love us?
Its pretty obvious Niall isn't a virgin. I mean have you SEEN the lad? He's flawless.
": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls.
Big time, you have your own website! lol
Yeah, it was great to see you at Lightfair!
He only got a thing for young bitches with aggression.
Thanks man! RT bud light..by the way great work with your paintings
Portland Schools: buses on snow routes all day. East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln and Skyline: 2 hour delay.
what about now? :)
Thank you so much! Help us spread the word!
visually, ideologically..yeah, I can see it. Nicely done.
y to tamlin (sp) rhe one with jared, + piper and cole's fight in the attic
Lets get our likes up spread the word about us to all y'alls homies! :]
It's collection development Friday and this title came up in my slips: INTERSTATE 95: THE ROAD TO SUN AND SAND.
Not a good day for Wisconsin sports
Techies: I need someone who can help me figure out why the server memory on my domains is spiking. Anyone who can help?
Have fun in your class
Nike Shox OZ Deliver Mens Shoes White Golden Black sale www- mens shoes black
- our coder can easily handle a Plone integration. Is there a specific reason why you want to use Plone?
Hope you enjoyed the limerick!
Yay!! I just got a new commercial, details to follow........
Organic nuts and yogurt cut feelings of anxiety by 50 percent, researchers say. My fav is Fage with almonds!
Yeah #jersey opening up the
Dear person reading this, hold on. PLEASE hold on. Life is a ride, ups and downs is what make life fun. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Peanut butter & chocolate
"I was transported to like Mordor or something." - (and he knows how to spell it..)
If you eat lots of donuts, eventually you will have morass.
4500 tweets, which means nothing to this world.
This game is driving me nuts. I know Wisconsin better step their game up some more.
Nothing funnier then the Jackson Hewitt commercial with the black guy dancing on the table
south south south!! Well go to Miami again w you too this time :))
wonder if is still up and caught a glimpse of
Bobby Brown in trouble with the law?!? Shocking. ;)
And while the #SEC has a great BCS bowl record, they're only 3-2 against the #B1G during that time period
Are you doing the ABFF?
It's been a week now and I haven't had one pain in my back :) I don't think anyone understands how happy or thankful I am. Thank you Jesus!!
Just went through the packers remaining picks. They only gave up their 4th rnd pick. Still have two compensation 4th rdrs right behind that
haha yeah. Bad seats though but #whatever, I finally get to see them
Some people are not suppose to stay in your life forever, they come around to teach you a lesson
Unconfirmed reports that Reverend Damon Roach is now out of the church. 19 year-old alleged gunman is still inside.
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
Resume skill: Polite laughter
calling unsigned rappers,singers,producers & POTENTIAL models join our #Team We GOT work!! via email your info
u at home
foreal? Man I didn't remember!
SP2010 Services application db are used for performance tracking, logging and fine tuning.
Ah.... Portland.
War Eagle! Need a pre game report from our reporters in Glendale
Thanks Stacey! Appreciate the feedback and sharing the post!
If you're not first, you're last. Go O's.
#FF Stay up-to-date with these local mags
imagine the Q&A silence if no one were allowed to ask variations of YPINMP! lol
31 degrees windchill 22 I'm going to go hibernate. Later...
I might need you for a mixtape cover!!!
lol runs in the family..
Can't wait to do dinner tonight at Lauriol PLaza.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)5
Remember only tweet #CheerUpAustin once in your tweet or twitter will count it as spam. (:
You should! has no upcharge on #GlutenFree menu items on Tuesdays, on Mondays!
I hope the guy who sold the ball for 100 Gs blew his money already and is piss poor. Idiot
(by fine arts faculty) Q: elab term 'general strike' A: Capital deploys campaigns to thwart labor [funding 4 T Party; bailouts]
RT : Little known Jen fact: I used to be a child model for Izod Lacoste.
follow back?
Congratulations to all the 2012 graduates today!
You are very welcome!!
game 4 was a bounced back game
Phew, I received the second loan, too.
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through
For what?! Spill the beans, biatch!
Great! I'll look into it!
Everyone hold that one down!!!! #PLP have this! :D
Feeling Like I Have To Turn Non-Believers Into Believers..
Today was crazy!
Channel Ten’s new reality TV show I Will Survive: Priscilla is searching for Australia’s next male triple threat to compete for the chanc
perfect! I hope 2 days is enough :-)
Walking the Brooklyn bridge!
So very true! RT : #WeWontWorkout if you don't love God. Because if you don't, you can't love me.
#WhatsNotToLike? RT Kyrie is gonna shoot every shot I guess
You are looking at the winner of the The Best Lead Actress of a Live Stage Performance!! Woooohooo!!!
I'm over it, had a cig to calm my nerves
Republican candidates attacking one another, what a shame!!!!
NICK GOT SO TALL AND OMG MADISONS OUTFIT~~ HOLY SHIT
Today was an awesome day. Trained w/ my bros , Coone, and Shmack D first half of the day then finished w/ my swing shift!
Mentioned the same dynamic with Butler in my blog, despite not really haven proven much, Hoz expected 2 b a monster, Butler & Hoz slept on
I sweated so much today. #ShowerTime :D
Oh, BTW. Spirit Week is INSANE! Creative, collaborative, bustling, life, spirit, insanity. LOVE IT.
come see me at tonight ;)
it was only governed by the size of the bread.
And I just got the ghost . And I'm callin it Caspuh . But this shit so cold , it belong in Alaskuh .
Ha yeah I had to sneak one in there.
“: Sorry guys, but has displaced Ashley Judd as Kentucky's hottest & coolest #1Fan. That is all.” Agreed.
Feeling so inspired! Such a great feeling watching my dancers grow in their movement & musicality, so lucky to be a part of their talents!
i thought dealn with the fallout of a breakup was hard, try dealn with ur X the 1 u love more than urself moving on with some other guy
#ff who is celebrating her birthday today. She's finally old enough to rent a car, punch a midget & fish by herself.
Listening to the podcast "tokyo calling" by Still like to listen to Tokyo sounds.
Most 2005 is the concept of a "premium" phone. At $199 on contract could be a hit with the I'd-die-without-a-keyboard crowd.
I'm beginning to think we can't draw with each other for points.
no lol im just having fun lol r u drunk
Subway for lunch.. Hell yeeeeaaa
"When someone brings a new idea to the table people are "guilty until proven innocent"".Been there..did that. At #kodak ! #sccol Rob Wolcott
Hmu for some truly magnificent sounding beats. I'll make a beat in any genre, just Hmu.
Rich college kids?? U better get a clue or buy one! You r in deep water with that load of horse pucky!
I hope everyone is having a great day !!!
yay for it being lunch already! Two and a half more periods
OH!!!!!!.....M...G girl boo!!!! I'm thru with u for being PETTY! LOL! I'll bring McDonald's to your graduation as my gift then k
RT : Congressional Republicans say Obama's intervention is Libya is illegal. Unless George W. Bush says it's okay.
Please. You have no one else to blame but yourself.
I wish I could do it!
AGREED. Dylan, PLEASE OH PLEASE FOLLOW ME D: *I love you* <3
I like how earlier today I was all I wanna watch jumanji and now its on netflix;D
I know! Keeping my head down at the end of the year, but having dreams of piloting a BYOL next year. Thinking of you!
yay! We'll take care of u
Grown woman so I'm gonna do grown woman things.
Fill in the blank: I love recruiting because ____________.
The 1795 Jay Treaty was made between which two countries?
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
Stoked!! RT : Austin, Kunta is officially in the House! #SXSW”
And by , I think you mean our Northern sibling!
Can't wait to see my mama!!
There are these ice creams in Tehran called "meter ice creams" and it is literally an ice cream that is a meter long on a cone. I ate one.
I have a ticket for tonight's closing banquet that I won't be using. Anyone want it? I'm at the Sheraton or I can meet you.
our bass player is selling his 1934-1936 Gibson mandolin! Contact him for details!!!
I now deeply regret not having seen Tintin in theaters, so good I almost forgive the beard for Hook
I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Well, drat. When I start mixing up my library tweeting & my theatre tweeting I know I am too tired to be doing either!
Tomorrow's my Friday! Can't wait to hang out with all Tuesday! Yay! :D
driving to and from puyallup and walking around an exhibit hall for a few hours makes a girl awful tired.
Saturday at 7 P.M.
there is a $10 burger and BEER special for dinner
it's been terrible calls all series. But, that tech had to been one of the worst calls lol
Can't wait for 'Where Have You Been' video. Gonna be amazing!
Smith: says that there are many more sections with more TAs and hopefully will reduce class sizes and not replicate last year.
hey girl. I miss you. If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy!
What's stuff got to do
if it is I will be SO happy. omg
Stupid ass flvs teacher's though
I agree with a hearty AMEN!!! Control is a delusion
“: Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye”
Glad you had a good time. Thank you for coming down!
RNG OR MOS WANTED BETTER NOW GET ELIMINATED
Could use a nap right about now
Thanks for the #followfriday love!
Thanks for the new followers, hope you like hardbodied gym babes..
I feel the same way but it's been a year since Joe tweeted to me.
Just received our copy of Magazine - great coverage !!!
What would you wish for if you had one chance?
Pick is in. Regardless....the trade back now looks like a genius move. Surprise surprise
Hi Jason! Our topic tonight is music news. DM me if you'd like to submit a question.
I've been really curious about their lunch special, its really cheap and if it's half as good as the dinner, I'm sold...
Super excited cause I'm up 26 bucks!
The solution is to establish a single standard of tackle training that holds Coaches and Players accountable for hitting with the CROWN.
Hey Nick. Today I turned 14. Could I get a happy birthday? I would appreciate it. <3 thanks Hun.
STAY OUT OF THIS Get the fuck out of DM's
So another friend is using me for my brother... yay:/
Haha, You are?! Where at? That's hilarious.
Dajuan, dont put me on blast! LIKE YOU AIN'T NEVER TRIPPED UP THE STAIRS
I am a full-fledged Hooligan now. Grt performance! RT : #Hooligans, are you singing along to grenade?
Think twice about going to the ER. Many ailments can be taken care of at an urgent care facility and will be cheaper & take less time.
I hate existence right now, and you're the only one that might understand.....Chad is doing vox at 2 Shai Hulud shows in CA
Man vs. food
Honored to be in this magazine :)
Coming from 23 generations of rabbis, today I decorated a Xmas tree
#FrankOcean is the man
With that loss the Stars are eliminated from the playoffs and the are in! Now it's time to get hot.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 39
or nothing per hour if no one has cash...just sayin! :)
Katie hates them. There's a banana ban when she's around.
“Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.”~Sam Ewing
thanks for thinking of me. We should be in NYC by noon on the 17th. Let me know what you need help with.
If people take the "Think Like A Man" title literally, no one will see the movie.
I love Justin Bieber <3
can we talk! And follow back please
Chinatown date night!!!
& twitter giveaway winners! $25 each. Come to Snack Bar to get it.
I'm more than what, you made of me, I followed the voice you think you gave to me!!!
Jesus. I just directed someone to your feed, after telling them that you are perfect in re: technology.
YOUR CHILEAN!?!?!?
it's always go after the low hanging fruit. What about shaming the Council for not using TOT, Evan? We need other sources!
Hahahaha, I love you. “: that was the snobbiest, princessy-est most awkward and strange tweet ever. i'm actually sorry.”
We have a lot of students starting programs soon! If you studied abroad with us, share your favorite must-see places & must-try restaurants!
Rest in peace, #DavyJones. You were my favorite Monkee.
Lights out on #FNO?
Over 100 followers???? Thanks for enduring my nerdy museum tweets!
Off to see Photograph 51 at !
Where did you get 345 am
Oh, yes indeed then. F*#% Ngons. Not having to hunt them down was my favorite thing when I first used Blender
So Walt Goggins' role will expand now that Kurt Russell has left Django? Hey, Snake, don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out!
Thanks! Hope you have a great day.
haha yea it's kinda funny lol then he try's to double tap it and it goes off kinda lol you should play it at pulse :b
WAY better!
I was about to say..you soft?? Jkjk. You know I love you :)
WALK!! you might fall
RT : Maddox has retired all four batters he has faced, including 2 Ks…Tucker, Zunino and Johnson due up in B8th.
And totally jealous about Radiohead.
Worked on Story - Haitian History and Earthquake Remembrance at County Hall, with Haitian Journalist Natacha from Boston ( Haiti en Couleur)
Hoping the OK weather holds out! If you work Downtown/Mt.Vernon meet us 12:30pm at the Pratt Library Central branch for a free n'hood tour
Aye!!!!! All my CHI_TOWN PEEPS ND BULLS.....
Thanks for the referral! POWER Social Media was great on Friday, and my participants now know how great Constant Contact is!
Nice One , great ride!
PS - how was the talk? :)
I <3 jake miller
glad to help!
yep; that seems right
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
Wishing many Easter blessings upon you and yours <3 this truly is a beautiful day!
is live in the us and is not a big deal believe me
The one time I wanna stay at school my mom picks me up EARLY
Getting shit organized and it feels good. Ready for spring, bringing renewal and positive change
Ascot onto The Bar 7 flow DC with RLeslie! DC is 1 of the premier locals to be babe yess
about to make a personal page make sure you follow it :)
did Lugar vote for the '07 energy bill w/ Upton/Harman's light bulb mandate that Mitch Daniels hates so much?
I'm back in full effect by popular demand!!
take a photo of the lobby and upload to A user is requesting a real time photo and is compensating with cash :)
what's your middle name..?
ha no prob. Let me know if you need anything else, enjoy!
Playing with ArcGIS Explorer as a front end to edit Revit model data.
I once got an electric bill for $600. Turned out to be 1 year of unpaid balance from a loser on my street named Owen Webster.
Q: What are the ways you engage others with these stories?
witcha white ass
Hurricane Georgina! #GossipGirl you know you love me xoxo
ok assholes his name is SINI and he mAde the KU on wheels website
I hate girls dat be lying for nothing
I spontaneously got up at 7:30. Must be a sign from the gods. ARRRRRRRSENAAAALLLLL~~~~~~
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
Yes it is! We're in beta right now (ie free!), if you want to give us a shot we can help you get set up right away!
I'm a goofy goober, yeah! you're a goofy goober, yeah! We're all goofy goobers , goofy goofy goofy goofy goobers, yeah! <U+E32C>
Indeed! Where can I get one?
Texas Hold'em or 5 Card Stud?
i love your jacket... just like the Gordon's fisherman ;)
excellent. yes, i loved it. and that old one is loads of fun to watch.
wowwwie its been forever!!
Dylan Collins is a beast! (;
still on the midnight-oil-burning mode with , i am sure, tomorrow will be normal ..... what a day. even burnt a meeting this AM
Thank you for the #FF !! Wish our other writing group members were tweeters, too :) They are awesome. As are you!!
I kind of want to get high and watch the movie Blade. Instead I'll get handsome and go out on a date.
I know right!!!---Appreciate Life!!!----plzz tell me u have not seen HUman Centipede?!?!
We're excited for NEXT WEEK TUESDAY, when many great titles, including BREADCRUMBS by and Brian Selznick's WONDERSTRUCK come out!
so glad we didn't trade you keep it going!
oh totes ;)
you live it.
Dates on seem to track their digitization, which is annoying. Pretty sure Bakesale isn't 2011.
If I had one wish...
-'/smh I make him bored-_-
I think that was about half of it. All 2-3 bites but still lots.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate show me your genitals c:
Overslept:( school starts at 7:35 and it's 8a.m still haven't left the house
Maybe he wrote Jedi Hideout because he doesn't know how to spell Dagobah. Either can I apparently.
$100 Flat rate computer repair special for Douglas County, GA. Price doesn't include parts, severe virus infections, or data recovery.
Give your company a twitter welcome!
I'd do em. Together.
I eat too much for my size...
yea U right about that. MyB
On the road again !
orale sounds cool....
why are you worried about God's judgement now? What about judgement for your missing partner or have you forgotten her?
RT : it was such a pleasure talking with you both today.Thank you for your time& wonderful conversations./Thank you!
Harold Meyerson: Headline @ 20 years "partial transformation of the city" + "there is a core to LA progressivism."
thnx for the support. Cell phones are trickling in gradually.
Jay-Z lyrics
Having a #veev #cocktail made me think of
is this you lol
Don't get impatient when it takes too long Drink it all even when it tastes too strong
Ha love it. We'll see!
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!
Any good premier/after effects book recommendations for a complete beginner at video production? Have the tools - need to know how 2 use em.
did you just tell our viewers that I am in Menomonee Falls? :)
mutual panopticon enforcement?
Roommate is babysitting and the kid is watching Pee-wee's Playhouse. Edited: the kid and I are watching Pee-wee's Playhouse.
Its like Christmas in Feb!!
ebay How do you switch a gold membership on xbox360 to another gamertag? ;O
I will call you tomorrow!
RESIST THE URGE!!! I walked away from a candy apple screaming my name and dirty things...
We're not suing anyone.
Tomorrow is Aiyana's share day. This week is the "sh" sound. She says she wants to take a pic of her Shaky
"Resurfacing and all the world has changed. Life has an electric tingle. It's as if my blood's on fire." the zombie reawakes
hey bibzzzzzzzz how r u i know its after school but how u doin'
Cookies and cream yes :-)
Boy thts ya Bop she my new poom-poom star!!!
That song that goes "Tonight we are young So, Let's set the world on Fire" would do an amazing cover on it!:D
Opening Day! Let's Go St. Louis !
Woohoo! We appreciate it, Monica! =)
Looking forward to great crowd tonight!! Can't wait!! Stop on by if your in the bridgeville area RPM's 9pm!!
Watching part two reunion of basketball wives.
I'd rather have her my way like BK
love you and <3
I wish I was getting some of that high CEO salary Ralph; Sanjay Nasta CEO MicroAssist ;)
it has failed so far, but i doubt they will ever give up. big nut to crack.
House show tonight at 10585 e sky high dr. Starts at seven. Be there. We're filming a music video.
Thanks...I record at GT(Global TakeOver) Studios in LaVista.....
Just found out there's another talent showcase at my school tonight... & I just so happen to be starting it off. Heck yes! I live for this!!
Get yo Sorry For The Wait Head Ass !
Hahaha. Thanks lovey. I call it Sensual Pop Roxxx.
yeah fo sho. We should do lunch and chop it up sometime next week.
we dont have the power but we never say never....
Ugh yes...
it's sad... love the team, but things look bleak...still. that being said, i'll still be there cheering on opening day!
Money then.money
harder the challenge, the sweeter the victory :)
Is it wrong that I don't care about validation, but I really care about semantics?
Jotted down some great quotes. I'm getting quite a collection of them :)
Once again #cbsatl is the only crew on scene at #breaking news. It's lonely out here!
don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my..
I really want a brandon griner jersey.
Rumor has it that has been showing up to spin class...
have a good birthday c:
Alert: New Miss America Caressa Cameron will appear on Fox Business Channel today, February 16th, at 5:30 pm!
I SHOW YOU I WANT YOU TI FOLLOW ME SO MUCH! You broke your promise</3
WHAT! YOU MEAN YOUR ACCOUNT IS BEING HACKED?!?!
Congrats K Clint Stitser on earning special teams Player of the Week for his play vs Omaha! 3-3 on FGs & XPs!
YES!!! RT Why do zombies all have such shitty clothes?! It's like you JUST died, how did you mess up your shirt that bad
u won?
Trying to do a CROSS FIT in Henderson Las Vegas the rest of the mornings that I am here....anyone that you all recommend?
About to wade into CLASH OF KINGS - enjoyed GAME OF THRONES, but got a lot of mixed reviews of the series from friends.
{Chants} Kill the Lawyers, Kill the Lawyers!!!!!
our first date! We are about to get dessert. See you Saturday!!!
People who say Sean Marshall is bad annoy me.
Nice headshot Lisa! Great to meet you on here....keep in touch.
Go ahead judge me.. I'm fine with who I am
Ersan from d-e-e-p.
i'll be there! I hope you have a signing or a M&G
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm sum bitch wears a fucking tutu
Ah Stand By Me will always be one of those iconic songs and movies.
That makes two of us
Happy Birthday Jesus <3 & Merry Christmas to all :)
Foreal dude its like $80 lasts for like 2 years but I swear to God, you we'll be able to get any chick you want.
Due to Twitter rules, I'm supposed to tell you this is NOT the real Rhyne. But this one is certainly as stupid
Am is gay
Characters welcome can be 8, 81, 21, male, female, caveman, gecko all welcome at Hair in the City. www.hairinthecity.me Call us today.
If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by?
what you doin
where are you??
misses two aspects of digital history classrooms we've worked on: games like and supports for low-level readers
VC would have exploded if we scored there!!
if you need a place in mil u n monta can stay at the 9101
2nite we invade Milly's Tavern, Manchester, NH feat: The Rupert Selection, Dressed for the Occasion, and Subject-2-Change 21+ Show $10 Cover
I like what your love meant is doing. Everyone should have clean water
2day was almost #perfect Woulda been if I was off work enjoying the weather...still nice out!! This is how I love it!! <3<3 :)
Dictionary: Vulture Capitalist n. One who destroys lives for personal gain via predatory acquisition of businesses. See Romney
RT" : I taught how to do laundry tonight. #proudroommate" // Good lookin out bro
emailaddy failed, send me one at
oh i love that place!! have you ever gone inside and gone up to the roof?? it's amazing.
We're thinking about promoting a Japanese artist who work in NYC through our website and facebook, twitter for free.
I might think about stopping my boycott of #TheVoice if Raelynn is eliminated tonight. If she stays, there's a serious conspiracy!
Watching The Price Is Right. Lets See How Dumb Mfs Gone Be Today.
Getting closer...too close!
My like brother a product boy
Auction items from Joe Montana, Wayne Gretzky and more!! 11/11 @ El Rey...
then I'll wish for no rain delays this season
Fine and you? What do you think about my new icon?
New Sara Happ Pink Grapefruit Lip Scrub!!
Zoo twmarro , goodnight ! (:
Nice to meet you!
I owe BIG time!
We are merely exchanging long protein strings. If you can think of a simpler way, I'd like to hear it.
Ohh you mad? Too bad!
im a huge fan of u and ur sisters!!! love yal keep up the great work!! can u follow me???
"Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum. "
The IceBreeze is gone, but the WinterBreeze is still here...!
listening to Chris Grainger & panelist
I did my own feet tonite, and I actually did a good job. Maybe I'll stop paying the Asians...
BOTH please! LOL..... Be safe out there Milwaukee & know your limit. Don't drink and drive! Luv & Peace from Mocha Couture
How so you feel like that and wake up with a smile from cheek to cheek and giggles all over the place?
TweetDeck would be perfect if I could respond to fb status updates w/o leaving the deck
#bizethics How does that work, D? I am skeptical.
Thanks man! So glad you liked it. Please keep seeding.
I will give a report soon!
jon needs to shut the hell up.... :)
#mnwild was ahead of Timberwolves last two years, both sucked, but the Wolves definitely have the lead now!
A formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune...learn machinee quilting
Huge win for the Hoosiers! Purdue students wear black latex gloves in the student section...really?
RT T is for training is now in the Jefferson room
one of my favorite things to do - #napping while watching the
You told me but you never really showed me, that I'm worth the fight.
nope you can tweet and tweet and so far no one has died from it haha! It can get boring though if no one is online. xx
cheese, meat, carbs - 3 food groups to live for
Very interesting morning at the Scottsdale CVB annual meeting. Plenty of good information. They spoke about the new norm. Opportunity there?
<<---you are most Welcome!
I tried to stay up and watch it, but was out right after the first skit. Missed the monologue entirely.
not with that sarcasm! Lol, i got yha anytime.
JJ Watt making Yanda look like a sheet blowing in the breeze
will you take a picture of your whale tail? (Your thong showing when you bend over)
Just finished Prince of Persia. Nice action flick.
Thanks, Billy. :) We appreciate your participation. And congrats on your #2012TCC presentation - what an accomplishment!
text me please. (:
What!? The Fuck!? I demand a REVOTE!
So this is a great idea. Let's just vote in Bonds, McGwire, Sosa and Clemens while we're at it. I'd like to play too.
Sometimes there is no next time, no second chance, no time out. Sometimes it is now or never...
thank you(; Trevors pissed haha but I'm not the one who stood me up so idgaf <3
Nice!! How's business here in TN treating you?
is there tornados in them yet??
if you fall on the ground, that's yo asphalt
Loving Malta but wishing it was a tad warmer so I could swim in these beautiful waters! Will have to settle for scuba in a wetsuit!
The Universe on H2 is so amazing.
listen up , you are now messing with my job! this is the 3rd time this week there have been morning delays on the orange line..
You need any trap beats?
Guild Wars 2 pre-order starts at 10th April... Be prepare
My phone never rang.......how many times did you call me? You know T-Mobile be trippen.
my cat stole a bell from my room and now he's chasing it around the house
bye chink
From last night obv..
Hopefully going funder park again tomorrow because the juice is running out in my house and I don't wanna be here when it does...
not really! Haha <3 :) I love you.!
I did this last year for nephew. We made butterbeer together, played catch the snitch in your mouth, & I came as Trelawney...
They're putting an end to the ant infestation that's been going on.
You never know, I might be too lazy to multitask ;P
Thanks John. It was a good day. :)
I was watching #TheVoice having a lot of fun! So addicted to #DrawSomething and
“What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.” <U+2015> Mark Twain
Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on?
Johannes Meister Eckhart~ If the only prayer you said in your whole life was thank you that would suffice.
I need more of two things in my life. You and whiskey.
Heat in the penalty already not good.
;) flirt much heheh its okay i flirt nonstop ;)
While is in Milan somewhere styling his own fashion show of course
then delete your late ass profile then
OK I gt you!!
He used to be on our bus. Maritha's little cousin
Pretty cool to buy a $40 ticket to sample beer and all the $ goes to charity!
Have you thought about what happens when it all ends?
#NP Lil B - Connected In Jail
I would agree although it really is a privilege that I am glad I have.
me n u both
Jason Aldean- Fly Over States
lol I guess I can't catch ppl then and I'll get a fohawk
naw man, i think neals comin over n watch it at my house
#imthetypeofgirlfriend that will sit and play video games wit you all day .. especially Call Of Duty lol
JUST TOOK A PIC WITH COACH CAL AND THE TROPHY
Time to get back to serious writing
Mobile is shifting the digital divide says in session on funding mobile projects for social impact.
The caucus support keeps rolling in. Tommy wins the 4th District Straw Poll!
Alright, we'll be on the lookout for Mar's secrets for wealth without hard work... Big things are expected.
You should buy a helicopter.
Haven't seen Trufant this focused since he got Upset at the Colorado game.
I use to always cry on the part when mafusa dies:(
y'all think i'm playin when i say I party hard...lol
Anyone have/know a great APARTMENT FOR RENT for (must allow sweet kitty) Please D.M. me if you do- L.A. or S.F.
No way Tokoto should be ranked 70th in this class.
"I'm giving you Fox 5 REALNESS."
on my way to the bus stop .. good morning(:
well yeah I do. You're welcome.
Not just any content, but rich, robust, strong, vivid, multilayered, full, abundant, ample. Rich content.
my mom really just pissed me off -.-
psh u were always bossin n pushin me around :( i still haven't recovered emotionally...idk y i was so nice to u lol
Never participate in a worry conversation. Shoot an injection of faith all your conversations. Norman P Veale
we have something in common!! Lol
Organist/keyboard position needs to be filled. Inbox me.
The Source on Monday at 5pm-6:30 will be holding a FREE "Acting for The Camera" workshop! Will be fun and informative! Open to everyone!
Marks and Spencer model Suki Waterhouse embarks on a recording career
Who the f-ck want war, FedEx beef straight to your front door; It’ll be a murder scene, I’m turning Pink Friday to Friday the 13th {'',}
Thank you!
Oh hey twitter. Haven't seen you on a month. Kinda forgot you were on my phone.
by the way, i can't spell
Done! What's your email so can float you a LI invite?
ill put u on wit my followers if u put me on wit ur followers
thanks babes :) I <3 yours too!
Good night everybody!! Time to get all the energy back. Tomorrow is a new day! Xoxo
ouch, we'll see buddy!
even if its to make fun of him?
Yes, when I tried #Boxee, it didn't support #MythTV, but that seems to have been fixed. Boxee also does #Hulu, which is nice. Thx!
+1 RT : If Miami faces New York in playoffs, I predict a sweep
Diet coke taste hierarchy: 1. Fountain 2. can with ice 3. GLASS BOTTLE ice cold 4. plastic bottle diet coke and only in an emergency
and I forgive you for stealing my WriteLife. Lol
The ESBC and Virginia Elite Hoops will be attending the Group A Boys Hoop games on Saturday at Robinson High School.
Don't be hesitant to talk to an employer just because it is next to a booth of a recruiter you just spoke to...
Watching music movies for inspiration while recording: lonely island, Dresden dolls live, music and lyrics.
Anybody see the Burrito gun on Fantasy Factory last night?
If I were a superhero, I'd want to be "Bread Man". That way, the ladies would say I'm a yeast in bed.
I can't seem to DM you back. Are you following me?
I agee! I just love Duck Dynasty it's a great show must ..
Life Insurance Providers Could Benefit By Increasing Outreach Rockville, MD May 17, 2012. MR Insurance Consultants, a web-based financial
it's the time difference and te world trying to keep us apart ;P I might open a fb for just my two lovelies though b/c
When you pose that question, my mind goes to evenings when I remember the hairs standing on the back of my head...
The Mega Millions jackpot is now $540 million. The largest jackpot ever!
What a productive day thus far! Been up since around 7 in the morning. Don't know what else I'll get done, but I'm
fuck this sucks
Does anyone know how to play a strings instrument, I would like to learn.
Productive day now relaxin with my tway
Glenn! The goal of net neutrality is obvious. Infiltrate rural America.
Hmm... interesting.. My advice is be careful where you sit down!!
and I #YOLO 'd at draw my thing today
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Louis and Harry need the just friend booty shorts and the not gay tank tops.
thanks... ya he is super adorable! he is in the video "scenes from Stockton" by
hey joel!(: today is my birthday could you give me a happy 14th birthday!(:?
what's up sexy?
you was smacked las night lmao did you go home and fall asleep on ya roommates shoe?
I said no! Lol. You know I wouldn't do that to you anyway lmfao
your welcome
We winning but still lookin poo without Chris Bosh
Have mercy, tender God, forget that I defied you. Wash away my sin, cleanse me from my guilt.
Aight aight I'm up I think! I was slump after that workout mane but work is work
Eric the next Skip Bayless smh
If you say the bible forbids gays to marry you should know the bible forbids non-virgin wives to be married, too.
I'm visiting my parents. I found their HP desktop XP service pack 2 hasn't been running any firewall. Perhaps fire may be the only solution
#Pact is going to be a huge huge company.
ah, french porn is my favorite.
So the next decision is whether to attempt to open my barbecue or not Last year When I opened it two tiny frogs jumped out hahahaha
More #SOTU on shale gas: "I’m requiring all companies that drill for gas on public lands to disclose the chemicals they use."
Getting ready to hit hard in the New Year ... We appreciated the continued support in 2011 & can only ask the same in 2012 as we step it up!
Face it Lakers, Denver isn't backing down
If a couple can be married for over 50 years how come you cant stay with your boyfriend for more then 2 weeks?
Not yet...but maybe soon
Overtime starts NOW!
RT : RT : Every UEFA Champions League match FREE all week on your PC/Mac, iPad, iPhone, etc. from
Watching #preppers thinking the the system collapse is going to be fun: I'll be a war lord
FYI hungry #smallbusiness owners: FREE PANCAKES at IHOP - gives away free short stacks, hopes to raise $2.7M for charities.
- They're not in season until April-May, but fresh and delicious pineapples are available year round. Thumbs up!
Relationships ain't Relationships anymore there ill hit em up wen I wanna fuck these days smh
sushi time!
no school for me tomorrow. yayayay
never have been yet...
so wat u think a girlfriend should do
RT : J-A-H-N-U #StudyEnglish "rain"HUJAN
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our market--woohoo team!
Wow! Gladys Knight looks about 20 years younger than she did 2 weeks ago #dwts The Power of Dancing
My friend Roody passed away from cancer he was a big fan! I guess I'm saying thank u for him!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
sounds wonderful!
I'm pretty sure profs up for tenure and politicians up for election wouldn't want to be called at-risk.
is now a licensed driver :)
Now I'm starving this line gun long
I don't know any woman who has not mothered something. To you without offspring, thank you for your caring and loving like a KIND mother.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I have crush on my chemistry teacher:)
I'm NOT gone forgive! And I'm NOT gone forget!
Thanks for that, Lauren! It's nice to know I'm not talking to myself! :)
I am so glad I am free to catch George Garzone tonight at Tagine... Stop by 537 9th Ave if you can! It's so inspiring to hear this group...
Ravens better win tonight in honor of
All I want is the GOAT qb on my Titans and a quick, young pg on my Lakers. Oh, and 8 bball games to go as I predicted. Too much to ask? Nah
Well I’m heading off. Good night all where it is night, & good morning to all those where it’s morning. Thx for the company.
Oh this husband on Interior Therapy is so gay. He reminds me of Marcus Bachmann.
Thanks Kenny. Still waiting to hear how new recordings are going. You get everything all settled? Someday a gig with you we hope
Its not too late! Com'on Kob!
#duringthesummer we get away with dressing sleezy and saying its hot out :-)
Nope. I hate keeping up with coins period. And pennies are a waste.
We need some new wives' tales.
Tickets are on sale to see Dance Gallery featuring Allegro on March 15 7pm @ Ohio county Library in Wheeling WV. $15/$25 couple
Finally home super tired well time to wrkout
Um, those weren't fish tacos.
Uh, is the pope Catholic, bob? Does a bear sh*it in the woods? You get the drift. cc/
are we supposed to be hearing all the off air chatter on Live 365. I E "Back to you guys in 15" . Just curious.
Ion like bald pussy I like wolf pussy hahahaha
How much money do you give away in charities?
Fitting quote for today: For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
how is he not a legend?
how many posters are on your wall???
Hey #snl next time book and leave #lanadelray in the recording studio. That didn't work.
Halloween also happens to be my birthday for those of you who don't know.
Happy Birthday Ricaa :D!
s to the electronic file, I'm being told this by the listing broker. How can the buyer and I get this deal back on the table? Address is ...
My baby cousins are coming I'm so excited ..huge dinner tonight :) ! But first gotta go to the church for the wedding rehearsal :) LEGGO!
you have mail! Also, congrats on today! ;)
I actually kinda like my raspy voice when I'm sick
thanks for the RT! It's been awhile since I've written, great to have you reading!
Roses are red,Violets are blue. You love her, but I love you.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK IM SURE
So late, but thanks!!! It was a lot of fun!
i hate having to navigate between 2 games... Theyre both too good to ditch one.
#BEASTMODE IS WHAT IM IN RIGHT NOW
Thank you! Appreciate the feedback
Thanks for the follow, Nicole.
Yep... "Lord of the Flies"
Yo people please follow . She freakin needs followers!
: Ashamed to say U represent my state <snip> Atleast U dont hve Sheila Jackson-Lee as state rep
Just had dinner now going to a movie :)
Wife always knows best, or so I'm told...by her. I've seen the site before but the shirt was the real clincher :)
I guess no one wants to have plans tomorrow with me?!
I need a Horan hug:(
What are my chances of getting into the University of Washington?
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
you can totally go denim jacket shopping without me. As long as it doesn't say BONGO on it you're good!! ;)
I could’ve sworn I spoke French but I was kind of wrong, I guess.
Great night tonight watching high school football and my baby girl as she cheered them on as captain of the pom dance squad.
sitting next to at #posscon hes helps runs
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: If you play online or live cash games, always "scout" the table. Try to find out who is who and what their styles are.
Has anyone updated to 5.1.1 on their iphone? Any bugs?
personal text message on holidays = thoughtful & appreciated. group text msg with countless replies from strangers = frustration
LAS VEGAS CUM DOWN TO DEJA VU AND JUST GET IN FOR 5 DOLLARS, 5 BUCKS THATS IT!! ITS LOCALS NIGHT!! 2 FOR 1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!!
Had an encounter with a big ass snake at work early..
Thanks! Here's hopin ;-)
Do you ever have the urge to just drop kick someone
This is what I get for trying to eat McDonald's. 15 min wait for shitty ass soggy fries
Happy National Grills Cheese Day everyone. Guess what I'm eating for breakfast;)
A tip from #Belly & : "Eating the worm" refers to the one in the tequila bottle not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
Sir Speedy's owner Jim Brebner will be running the Boston Marathon in 14 days!
Kol story bro tell it again!
Aww thanks just read it. Great idea. I want to do one for the fundraising project, & can do an ad for Christian's thing to..
will do friend
Awesome show last night at the Rockwood Music Hall in #NYC. Very cool venue - Hope to go back soon. Thanks !
super duper dirty
Of all those I don't agree with, I most admire RonPaul. I miss his debates with the line-dancers. Ron was never afraid to voice true beliefs
You think you can pour your heart out to someone.
#BOYFRIENDvideo is amazing !
Fire drill 3rd block !
Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial hazelnuts in the US?
Seriously, there is nothing worse than reading the self-referential narrative of someone who is writing about writers block.
Follow me please... i beg <3
True. RT: : I got lots of respect for but ever seen the fans in person?
are you on the edge of your chair yet?
good news for Democrats: gun sales are up because buyers believe Obama will win.
There is no soft way in slapping someone.
Moderate intensity physical activity session for 30 minutes for hhs class .-.
Nights like this i miss living with my best friend... Late night talks, staying up till 6 am watching movies and eating junk food..all that.
50 percent of the battle is getting started and the other 50 is getting finished!!!?
Lee&#39;s wider loss tied to exit from bankruptcy
Thanks for the info! I'm sure this is going to be another great event!
how rude!
It's otay. Where did you guys hike? :)
Another day another $
We Go In One Direction <3
Wonder if I could raise enough $ to start a charter school by suing public schools?
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your unexpectedly cute line of of fashion. You and I weirdly work well together...
already have. They can order cake on my website
Genius will live and thrive without training, but it does not the less reward the watering pot and the pruning knife.
Emotionally I'm done. Mentally I'm drained. Spiritually I'm dead. Physically I smile.
Days like today make me miss Let the Everglow rocking commence!
It sucks when you see someone ride their bicycle to the medical marijuana pharmacy, they're sick, their mom should at least give them a ride
''Voters have been reduced to using the same criteria as a 4 a.m. barroom pickup: he has a pulse and no visible cold sores.''
Agreed: it was awesome. Looking forward to following u here!
LOL I clicked on the hashtag to see if it was an event. Yeah we're gonna be there. Can't wait for those air mattresses! ;)
Why do you train?
My crack dreams- last night skydiving with fall out boy, getting attacked by dinosaurs! Night before, family BBQ with Russell brand? WTH!!
Wow crazy shot
Awesome! Love the new album.
I didn't get your email
We'll keep everyone updated throughout the evening!
I have severe tightness in my chest & my left arm is kinda numb. I'm gonna smoke a cigarette & pour myself a drink to try & calm down. Later
last flight smelled like regurgitated McDonalds
because so many states don't have pro teams? What about those athletes who wouldn't have a team to play for?
Drnk...oh wait. *u..drunk.
You are awesome, So delightful to talk with you!! xoxo
Don't let Chris go in the water. That's a resource we all have to share.
GL: not a matter of color, act from where your commitments are. Q fr Thuy/AsAm Lecturer: in act of presenting rsrch on commys that reject U
There is nothing in this world like reading a rude response that is followed by a smiley face. #passiveagressive #barf :)
Ok, I didn't know Moseley was fightin tonight too. I shoulda went on n had my fight party tonight. Oh well, I'll enjoy it anyway
Ditto! is a fun community and I feel lucky to be a part. Thanks for the tweet.
Hope you are having a great Friday! love for you to come in some time for dinner
RT : PLEASE help by following $75k art funding for schools just for reaching 2500 followers! RT
you still trying to figure out twitter?
Been off my twitter grind.
hahahah at my school if the teachers give us homework on the weekends they get introuble with da principal !! #NoJoke :)
Hunger games!!! come on Alyssa get your butt home.
gucci my dude! Just grindin trying to get to a place and point where I won't have to work no more! Ya digg!!
aria, Ceasars Palace, or Planet Hollywood
Turning in early to become sane again... I will reemerge well-rested and ready for the FILM AWARDS! (And of course the Intermission Party)
Ravens needed a TD on that drive. You only get a FG when you got the ball back on the 30? That's a victory for the Pats.
#gagasworkshop crazy how she has taken over the world!
man it was so bad it was turrible.
Keep us posted on the results!
Director Jeff Waltrowski did a dry run today of It Came From Yesterday at The Hollywood Theater and it looked AMAZING!!!
good morning twitter.(:
Lame Niggas Be Quiet .
Not saying my dad would be out fighting in the streets but I would feel for the dude that told him to shut up and gave him the finger!
No matter me an my family do at da end of da day its all done out of love
It's my opinion, if you don't like it then too fucking bad. I don't need to stop just because you disagree. Back away, hoes.
says if she wins $100,000 on #FocusRallyAmerica then she will be able to buy more shoes. Way to dream big. lol
I need to go to the gym... If my game gets rained out tomorrow definitely going
That was my wink correction of the day. Thank me later.
First ride to work on my cleaned-up Motobecane! Sat in my parents' garage since the 70s, but only needed a tune-up and new tires.
lol I'm home with a bottle and a movie I'm good :)
Like it or not, March 30th is the day all Facebook Business profiles get converted to Timeline.
Yes! Shoot us an e-mail at
OMG! is following me!!! Aaww.. thank you so much, this is a dream. Love Glee from Spain :)
HA ha! Yes. Resistance against gooey, greasy cheesiness is futile! Have a great weekend!
IT'S SOPHIE! I haven't been on here in ages!
Good Earth is rockin in Broad Ripple!
Kansas has not won on the road since Turner Gill became coach, a 5-game skid in which the closest loss was 12 points.
I better hear a banger in a minute
you didn't know me at all
loving Long Way Home right now! Enjoy tonight w/ - he's awesome! We'd be there if we didn't have rehearsal
RT : #FF great to follow you! ~ Thank you Tina
Haha omg thats an idea, it's prob haunted still tho lolol. If u ever see it go up for sale let me know. It would be rly funny
I want to call him so bad. But,he is my ex
WTF I ment to send that to my dad, Sorry Twitter folks. Lol.
The AUDACITY, BOLDNESS & TRANSPARENTLY violent FAR-LEFT ACTIVISM of CNN/MSNBC IS shocking.
I would like Kerry.
hopefully some UX training in my future. Suggestions welcome!
see the video of jmu breakdance
Downtown pdx gathering comments on pres speech tonight. What do u hope to hear?
I really think that I will delete my twitter.... I don't use it anymore..
will eat his words after being shamed by warren buffett? doubtful. but that would make those words pretty unique.
I think I ate too much today . At least it was some kick ass BBQ.
The benefit of going for a 10 minute walk starts to occur the minute you get up.
accept when he falls asleep in the 20 minutes it takes me to drive home from work. -_-
And USA force the turnover!!! great job boys
I do remember you! :) and I hope that '05 forecast worked out ok!!
Not anymore. Congrats on not being a Twitter-orphan.
I can talk to a girl and ask them out but they either say no or like me but want to just be in that 'bro and sis' stage. So complicated.....
If wants to make his car pretty he should totally put "D + R = 4ever" on the side. Omg. With a heart.
was up today?
Today exhausted me...I am going to sit quietly for a bit, then eat, then gym, then blues dancing. I bet I'll be exhausted tomorrow too...
Oh youre wearing an asking alexandria shirt from hot topic and think youre/theyre bad ass? Lol judging you.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -John F. Kennedy
Hey everybody, you can download our music for free check it out
thanks darling! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Don't sweat the small stuff... It's Friday!! :)
4 mile run at 6:30am on a Monday OMG!
Haha bad timing on that tweet.
One love . hey i tryed to call you call me when u have the time thanks
I know! Besides, he 15 years old!! my friends told me about that today!!!
Just leaving #planetfitness on the way home to pass out...
what makes some movie posters so genius and others so bad? Thoughts?
Oh, I thought you were saying you disagree with Acemoglu's take on the disparity of classes/nations. (Or are you? ;)
do we get pix of you all fancy?
Always tricky with something like this--go real name or pseudonym?
so you got your video? Via twitter? Humbug!
Set your DVRs and tune in....Univision's Al Punto with Jorge Ramos will feature a segment on USHLI this Sunday (April 1st).
Well hello Laker fans.... Now you come out..
UGH MY LIFE SUCKS
Hahaha I love it. And yes, we will be
Sleeping with this dog is horrible. He does some ninja moves in his sleep. Punched me in the face and I'm in the corner with no room. O_0
the parade is a free event?
Well done for the morning time for a nap then i think ill work on getting my youtube page linked
I hate Netflix. It keeps rebuffering
Ah...I had my tweets protected.I just had too many inappropriate sites following me. But, then so few can see tweets...
they'd start singing praise in a whole new way.
AMD Adopts HP's Networking Solution &amp; Server Technologies - Forbes
Loved seeing you on the #12NTC livestream!
#Adele was so amazing at the vmas
I was taught if i don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. Have you ever thought that's the reason I don't talk to you
Out an about!
Did you follow ??? SHE ACT AND SING !
New Mexico's terrain is... Consistent. That's a positive way to frame it
i wanna try it
we went to the mall and ate dinner. :]
back on twitter =P
what bout Betsy Ross gay American flag?
Hilarious. One of the (MANY) things I learned at AAM this year was to never serve shellfish at an event. :)
yo let me get some followers please
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that dresses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
I want one!!!
Oh wow! Where did you get that from?! So I can make it too. :) Looks yummy.
dont u want to see this booty bounce?
The sound and smell that clears my mind
lol :) post it on Facebook one you take the video.
Are you a child? It's wearing bare legs.
Request for "Girls, Girls, Girls" tomorrow for the online show.
Score? I'm busy walking M through our marathon bedtime routine.
RT : Some niggas don't know how to control they self around females
yo hope all is well !
In protecting children“: Thou shalt not be a victim. Thou shalt not be a perpetrator. Above all thou shalt not be a bystander
What? No Fred Eaglesmith?
this isn't a bad saturday, but shit tomorrow is Sunday and were back to school...
Yup. RT : fb is past its prime
Producing Live at 4 today, including a new interview about why gas prices are so high right now!!
We r so grateful to all those who participated in Boston Bakes & 2 those who enjoyed the gr8 #desserts 2 benefit #breastcancer Thank u 2 all
no, I mean *does. Ha she might be lesbian? And when will that be?aha
wow from 10k to 0...must feel 100x better than having 0 messages in your inbox!
I think China is our last great hope for Democracy. Their young have the overwhelming mass that will, ultimately, yearn to be truly free.
I find that the most conducive time for scriptwriting is when you are half awake. The ideas just flow.
Last day at #SXSW. Exhausted, but ready for next year already!
What did Longoria do to piss off tons of small sample size fairweather fans?
being a fellow geek, you'll love the twist plus see some faces you'll recognize :)
My hands are so cold, and I forgot to bring the hobo gloves knitted me :(
I Will Send U A Pic Of Him xD
hey all, please suggest your friends follow us for up to date dating advice and shenanigans. thx.
The banks were not making anything in the same sense. Often, they were manipulating numbers--gambling in a way that
Dante came to "Last' 4 wks into shooting when he replaced original DP. Movie was being shot on Agfa Color and changed to Kodak
Mayweather with them ratchets, knock em out
Wash me clean from my guilt. Purify me from my sin. (Psalm 51:2 NLT)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're so fucking confusing.
Drunks the family and some friends. Turnt out to be a coo christmas eve haja fuck
wow was playing around on www.yourmotivated.com wow what a cool site in every way, if you want to be motivated to get your dream go now guys
Thanks! That means alot. Right back at you. :)
RT : your fiery red hair is hot <~~~thx boo
Nope, just a guy with an Obama mask on
HELLO MY LOVES, THE SENATE DID NOT PASS THE JOB ACT BILL SO THE FIGHT WILL CONTINUE. COME JOIN OUR DC IN THIS FIGHT. PEOPLE NEED JOBS
Me too!! And I ate Bubba's for dinner!
Money can't buy you love, but it can buy you votes in the senate.... and hookers. Donate to a NY senator today..... or get him a hooker.
Woke up on the couch this am! Oh Storage Wars, you did it to me again!
Congressional lobbying techniques the same as for door-knock canvasses but w/ higher knock-response rate, lower rate of refreshments given.
yeah,you are the closest to it,i just think sometimes we confuse rough with passion. I want both.
Wholly cow! You're a long way from home! Travel safe! Hope your in NJ for fun!
REMINDER -- DRINK RESPONSIBLY. PLEASE. PLEASE. PLEASE!!! We want everyone to have a fun SAFE night!
How does FaceTime work
Celebrating Teacher Appreciation Day at SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration & Awards Ceremony. Congrats & thanks to all teachers in SD.
I'm on
So sorry to hear about your father. We will pray for you and your family!
worse than pink slime....
what do you do? How would you like to be involved?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey, bacon & ranch dressing on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato & provolone cheese. Served w/cup of soup $6.95
<U+266A> Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone <U+266A> Bubble Pop Electric by Gwen Stefani & Johnny Vulture
don't worry i will text u with a good morning text <3
can you create a version that's $, not %, for vertical axis?
AMERICA AND CEE-LO ARE UNBELIEVABLY STUPID!!!!!!!!!! I cannot believe that Jamar got sent home. That was THE WORST tv decision ever made.
Wanted to do some shit... But i think thats out the window now. smh
There is dc sarcasm now...
Prince consider your argument #invalid as of...NOW!
Date night with my son. Dinner and a play. So grown up. Granted dinner was at Applebee's for old times sake.
Time for somebody to start the Jared Swopshire Scholarship Fund
Agree! MRT : IMHO When you willingly to talk about the challenging times openly, learning is increased tenfold
#barer time
we are allowing users in overtime..we sent our the first batch invites to those users who shared orpster with the most people
Jon, apologies, I was pulled away today! I am around and could meet later this evening or possibly tomorrow before I take off.
I just cried a lil bit.. ": her not on twitter no more :( RT : Where is lele "
yes I'm off at one that day so like around 2:30 ask your mom!
Bootleg is back Thursdays at the biscuit! Rassul Mowatt will be on the decks Thursday night, come start St Paddy's Early!
Great Game Kentucky!
This is the day to buy gifts for the ones you LOVE, not the ones you want to TORTURE. Neither is my answer.
Man, did this week get here fast. I'll be sure to tweet some on Tuesday night from Marlins Park as Ozzie returns. Should be interesting.
sounds like an awesome class! i wish they had a similar one when i was in school
Ask who where what is?
The #NewBeauty Event at was amazing last night! Thankyou to everyone who came & thankyou to everyone who made it happen!
About time! EU antitrust experts are investigating whether publishers, in cahoots w/Apple, have engaged in eBook price fixing.
haha,I went at 6pm and they were out of ground turkey so I'll be there tomorrow as well
Is somebody spamming Twitter? What's the FB connection suddenly?
Getting ready for birthday party bash for ... Will be a great time!!
My boyfriend also needs to admit that he's speeding. He keeps denying it. This fool is going like 90.
Hmm...a braided or twisted style, check my photos on FB
i love you too baby ; i know i feel like it was forever since we seen each other thats not good; it needs to be constant
do you do Middle School Players?
I would know have known him since the age of diapers<U+E51A><U+E05A><U+E411>
Thanks to and his fabulous committee for raising so much money to build your miracle field at Casino Night!!
is that what you're on?
I just do it for the niggas who wanna see a million before they die..
I disagree. As developer, I am god. I demand ritual sacrifice before I deign to listen to the prayers of my user base.
Sincere gratitude to all you have served our country -- providing us the freedoms we enjoy today. Thank you. Thank you.
hey man, nice set last night at the Indigo....dig your music
I'll be chatting with Moose Miller on around 8:45.
I'm so over this techno, club, house music that seems to be in all the new songs. Black ppl can we get back to what we know best...drums.
what's goin on with your Reds bro ?(; haha
I freakin love you and I don't know what I would do without you Youre always there for me and I will always be here for you
nah ur followers dont mind, their funny!!!:D
Where's the music teacher?! O.o last day to take the music test :o
I have eaten the speculoos chicolate bar that was in the cupboard which I was saving for your enjoyment.
just 1 hour, you can do this Nicole you can do it
It's by far our biggest challenge-- but in my opinion also our greatest opportunity to re-think how we educate.
Mystical theme of the space age? "Apocalypse does not point to a fiery end, but that our ignorance is coming to an end." - Joseph Campbell
Sneakin out the house BRB in the a.m
I wish I could, but I have a wedding to ruin... um... I mean bartend.
Man, we are kicking at the American Bistro! Great Energy
You can buy tickets now or at Plush Lounge in Long Beach on May 24th for only $10!!
You Are welcome! Keep Swingin'!
#IHateItWhen you lay down and drop your cell phone on your face.i just did it
(She also says if you donated and aren't listed to contact her. So I nudge)
There are 2 Lynn Shelton movies set in cabins in the woods (My Effortless Brilliance, Your Sister's Sister), yet no 1 records an album there
have you tried Googling? I've found a lot of great classes through google.
You can export an iCal file from scheduler and import it in to a synced calendar. I used Google calendar.
I don't have much luck with them. I'd rather you guys handle stuff. :-)
No Country for Old Boners
Can't believe the hate I just witnessed.
ANYONE WHO PLAYS VIDEO GAMES IS CONSIDERED A LADIES MAN! U DICK!
hahaha how do u make that box?
"Each was, in fact, bound by a chain; the heaviest chain ever tied to a man- it is called a watch-chain."
Unplugged is happening now!! If you arent here you need to be!!!!!
what website do i get tickets from again?
In #AthensGa, 500 children are on a waiting list for a #mentor.Help make their #wish and mine come true. Be a mentor. #Mentoring works.
u needa get internet
feeling good that i'm officially registered for classes and feeling even better that they are only on tuesday thursday.
I witnessed a verbal smack down in front of Planned Parenthood on my way in this morning. Amazing.
Back in the 225 ...
The best collection of New Yorker cards may be found at the Menil Collection bookstore. Stock up today.
#np Drake - The Real Her
not everyone followed the people with update tweets or even have tweeter.
Just imagine how long this went on...more proof we are overreacting in this country.
My Easter brunch consisted of 4 day old McDonald's hot cakes.
Just Great! My Friends Ruined The Chance To Be With The Guy I Like :'( I Was Crying In Class...
the shadow and his twin are now here for your protection
thanks for the follow! We're excited to connect and gain insight from you!
I have full confidence that you will find something awesome, soon
Putting on my pink jumpsuit & head to the mall
listening to hate me by
Why not grade them outside?
There has to be a glitch in my fantasy app, it's saying Pujols hit a home run.
HA! Great question!
Excited to be using the blue recycling bins now! The list of recyclables is fairly extensive. I'm glad the city is doing this.
Having a stuffy nose <<<
Will Dylan Bundy be in the majors for the Orioles by the end of the season?
she call me papi and i say ven aquí
great time hanging out with you
He had a better start tonight than he did in game 1.
screening for "AMANDA the movie" was simply wonderful. I'm beyond happy right now!!! I'm so fortunate and blessed with amazing people!
And certainly something we'll hear Mitt Romney accuse Barack Obama of.
the rangers line up is straight scary
Yeah, he got married maybe 2-3 years ago. From what I remember he didn't take much time off.
Ahmm that's 2 kinds of phones + Ipad RT : Last tweet has apps for watching the debate on 3 kinds of phones...
i dyed my hair today and i <3 it !
"I work hard, I drink slow"
D.Rose got 32pts tonight!
so did the prez!!
RT : Looking for cosmetologists in the #UK please contact me!
naw alex is
My Birthdayy is in Bout 40 Mins that Big
Drink a "Glass of Positivity" today.......!
Hey, fat kid who is screaming his head off at Call of Duty and threatening his sister with a butter knife because he lost,
good luck on taks week :p
ok back to the glorious revolution... has anyone ever seen a 'badge of merit'??
No wind
AOL: Advertisers willing to pay premium prices for premium content.
don't you hate it when you don't know if you should answer a tumblr ask privately or publicly
How would that even work? Finding SHA1 collisions seems like it'd be way too slow.
Why do people say "I'm over the moon for my (fill in the blank)"!! Most overused and useless saying...ever.
wwe 12 like amazing! Just wonderin if the new madden 12 will live up to what they shown monday!
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers
you very welcome like Criss always say be positive! it bring joy to me, and i hope it will to you too.
thank you Matthew Kirschenbaum
hope i'm an interesting exception haha
what movie is that with the girls in the cage? Is that a horror film?
Cooking time. Testing out my new
Yes it is, i can just tell
UWGB down three to detroit at half? Come on, lady Phoenix, you can pull it off!
"We aren't vampires we're fallen angels" AndyBVB
Would love to connect to talk tequila. The team is looking for the best events in the
Dear Netflix, dubbed movies are criminal. Please stop purchasing them. Thanks, Zak
Me: "That commercial made SAP seem so much cooler than it is." My mom: "Are you kidding me? SAP is so cool"
I hate when people keep trying to talk to you about something you just absolutely don't give a shit about. Im almost out of crap to say back
Universal Life Church - yes I can and for you I'll give you a discount!
What's going on Poov_93?
I Think I'm going to sleep now *sigh* I'm so tired *yawn*
yes, make it interactive, build relationships, be a face rather than anon logo. Driving but I'll send best practice articles later!
Ha ha, messed that up
my rent is going up, I have to pay for parking now, back to the real world
I'm eating the endorsed breakfast of champions. Large coffee and 2 packs of apple cinnamon oatmeal.
Pizarro! follow me on twitter
Tip #3: Setting priorities and goals help you focus more on what needs to be done and when things needs to be done.
MY SUPER EX-GIRLFRIEND is one the best movies of all time. HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER is also at the top of my movie list.
I thought it was calling it "HD"
Larry King must be terrified.
My cousin in pissing me the fuck off I can't wait to get to chicago n punch him the face >:(
Great to meet u on the One Love Cruise! Don't know if u remember, I sang at the Chairman's reception...Just saw u on Unsung!
Who wants to go to a college basketball game this weekend?
Bless their hearts.
Did I mention I just got my wisdom teeth out? That might be relevant to my last tweet.
“Headcheese is proof God wants us to be happy” –I saw this somewhere and LOVED it.
Hay fever is actually not an accurate name, as hay is just one of a myriad of allergens which can cause seasonal allergy symptoms, and...
I have to agree
Newt, I think I should be able to have a partnership with my doc and pharm, too.
Late night tweets. Uninformative .
I'll check it in a minute fam.
what's hannin twitter?
Bitches really be out there fckn the homies homies huh? I wish ppl would put these hoes on blast so I can point n laugh.
Email Sent, thanks!
Sorry Carrie Ann she's a good friend of mine IRL (grew up w/ her). I won't argue here - everyone has opinion.
Downtown Boise doing Global Citizen interviews; What is a Global Citizen?
Just rocked to the set in LA via the interwebs. Two nights in a row isn't enough... New song "Let Go" is like crack to my ears
lol. Like the file I have on . She is the fountain of tmi.
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.” – Elbert Hubbard
You're in the Corporate Cup - right? What's your team name?
JUST GOT ACCEPTED INTO MASSAGE SCHOOL I,M STOKED,,,
what can I say? I make everyone's dreams come true. I'm quite magical
Clean up time it's clean up time, time to put the margs away! Ugh, my house smells like tacos & my hair: bonfire! #CincoDeMayo was a success
favorite frames of last week's intro course? give it up!
for the shout!
my reaction?? ;D
its going good :) how about for you??
Another country heard from... You're to cool to text now?
Conference attendee: "Democracy is kinda ugly. This is why the founding fathers didn't want a democracy."
Thank you! Yours is an excellent perspective. :)
fist me as long as its a role-play
WHY U DNT CUM ON TUESDAYS U KNOW DAT MY SHYT EVERY TUESDAY
I don't understand why #AnnaWintor thought it was questionable to put a black girl on the cover of #Vogue. Why not?
You have #TeamGentlemen on your bio? Damn you must know how to treat a lady.
How can I do four more chemo treatments after all the hell of past treatments? I plan on living a long life & I will do whatever it takes
I know lots of people disagree, but I STILL can't help but think CD is one step from greatness!!!
If you're in the Exton, PA area tomorrow, stop by & see me @ Borders Express in the Exton Mall during my signing from 1-3pm.
would love my last tweet(:
Folling 500 and only 50 Followers? Come on people share the love. :)
Making an effort to work today. I don't miss the commute, but I miss work! (I can't believe I just said that and meant it)
Damn its hard for a nigga to find a GOOD woman with some low Pussy milage in Milwaukee cuz they all been ran thru lol!
Blizzard prep supplies same as Super Bowl supplies: beer, guacamole, chips....hm?
The McClain sisters perform on the Mall of America And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander "A-Game" Miller said so!!!
Littering and … littering and ...
Good Evening! I pray all is well in your life.........I Love YOu!
RT Human history is a race between education and catastrophe. - H G Wells #Education for
statistics is actually the last thing on my mind right now
love it! RT I completely agree! It's such a cool moment. RT : I love meeting Twitter friends IRL
I keep hitting the escape key on my keyboard, yet I am still here.
thx. Same here.
Really wish I had someone to talk to about how I feel bit it seems I just listen to everyone elses problems and get nothing in return..
We are interviewing beneficiaries for year #4 of our successful national program run by the sportsbiz industry. Interested ?
: Dan, this is what the Animation dptmnt. thinks the title of the video is. We'll correct it if you let me know the real one.Thx.
Value is multiplied in the hands of the competent, divided in the hands of the incompetent. - DM
Bro, do some doodles or watch a video on youtube, or talk to somebody in class, bro, bro. Bro. :o
Packed and out of the house in record time. Boys are all wound up, with 725 miles to go!
If You Don't Care , Why Tweet About It ?
Spent the day in New York City visiting my alma mater, NYU!
Almost game time!!
hahaha mines curly underneath but so straight on top.. I'm like whaaa daaa ef...
you know what a new type of movie would be great like big people doing it, looking like a Bunch of over grown oompa loompas
MTP's office in Berkeley is closed today, 3 June. Electronic access continues. Our fingers would like today to be Thursday, it seems.
Heyy Nick! Come back into my life, thanks. <3
Rocking Rockwood Music Hall in NYC on Sat. Jan 14th!
Watching Goosebumbs!...or as says "CGB: Computer Generated Booboo."
still in love with that birthday cake remix
i think its time i get to know my rootz !! i feel left w.o sonethin to rep :(
my to do list just keeps getting longer and longer
RT : Have you gotten the iOS app yet? Let us know what you think!
He's a businessman; he'll use the law any way he can.
Saw a beautiful and hilarious David Henry hwang reading!
Tell me what you want from a publisher. I KNOW you have a book in you!
Writing up my plea for funding to attend LITA National Forum this year.
Back in San Diego after a wonderful vacation to Alabama. Nothing quite like beautiful weather to welcome me home.
Tune in Sunday, November 6 to watch Selena Gomez host the 2011 MTV EMA from Belfast, Northern Ireland! Promo Video:...
My computer keeps asking me when I'm getting my tax refund check :-p Upgrade?
Taking a little nap.
Nice to see you and the Mrs yesterday evening, looking forward to your review and videos!
Follow on instagram for all thing art, design and street lurkin ....
Looking for the magic bullet - targeted traffic...
Maybe there's a snake loose in the U Comms office, and the hamsters are hiding.
all of the good tickets will be sold out
Can anything be cancel, if the people are united? Unity rally when we
I love it when my #firstworldproblems solve themselves, so I don't have to tweet about them.
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for Apple and breakout.
GOOD: we got new carpet in the library. BAD: the pattern makes the roaches invisible.
About to blow off homework to take the girls out
We make $$$! Retail Profit, New Customer Acquisition Bonus, Team Commissions, Matching Bonuses, Customer Acquisition Incentives, Bonus Poo
En route to the #MKEfoodies2012 Oysterfest! Let the deliciousness begin!
Now playing.... The wiz/pirates of penzance. So sophomore year of high school. You were a roller coaster.
Yeah they have one built in there now...
Today all of our employees are wearing green to support Safety, another great event that is part of our Safety Week.
What, you still read paper? If I can't do a search of a document, I get really annoyed :)
Thoughtful & exciting presentation presentation by Fredericksburg Acad team. Positively addressed time issues-YES!
While I wait some very nice #bassnectar is pleasantly penetrating my ears. Thank you
who the fuck keeps unfollowing me bc 3 days ago I was at 469 followers, now I'm at 466 :|
better late than never but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
Keep calm and
Everyone should go follow cos she's just awesome.
The secondary part of the inaugural exhibition is now on view until September 30th. Check it out!
Thx you God for letting me still be alive.
my opinion "its no ones fault but the geniuses that didn't have enough common sense not to run 6 miles in 90 weather"
Drs. Oz and Roizen: Rewards of exercise: The pleasure principle
Enjoy your visit with the family.
Your pics are terrific! So pretty! :)
I just called you!!! (:
What does a cannibal eat with cheese? Pickled organs.
Hello everyone- hope to talk about the bus of documenrtation & training, what we're looking for and other topics of interest.
That last tweet was badly in need of punctuation. I'm going to WICKED, because my job rules.
Exactly lol. Honestly I kind of hope it's later. I don't have any money right now!
A little over an hour till game time!
S/O to Jerome Hicks, Patrick Turner, Chris Brooks for providing fantastic music this weekend!
couldn't agree more. but so filled with sadness!
": #HellOnWheels is not moving me." What is hell wheels?
Without competition, there is no way to differentiate yourself.
what's even the point of homework mode?
We have such a great zoo!
That awkward moment when a some guy is watching porn in a public library.......
"You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world."
Ugh #P90X2 UPPER BODY Today but at the same time i'm gaining something
Whoa... lets not make any rash decisions here...
Rocktagon MMA presents Elite 12 Pro/Am Jan 21 in Cleveland. Call 440-731-1321 or your favorite fighter to get tickets before they sell out!
Coffee, bible, ladies, free babysitting for 2 hours . . . it must be CBS!
I've seen the 'Inglorious Basterds' and I loved it...Tarantino is nuts...I love him :=)
revenge best show ever with !!!!!!!
hello to you# follow me
“: “A person who gets information from 20 different sources is almost impossible to propagandize.” #LiveAtState”
saving $$$ in schools with stephanie #edcampKC - compelling so far.
Great day yesterday at the Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides Premiere!
i needed this 4 day week of school!
Who wouldn't want a 25 gift card!? Tag us and tweet #luvuplatoscloset for a weekly chance to win!
RT it you remember the concert in Seattle, Washington. <33
MY TEETH ARE FUCKING KILLING ME
In geometry it difficult.
Gotta think Tannehill's wife had a big part in that pick
I'm might have to give up eating cereal because Almond milk just doesn't cut it.
Some real shit.
She's got to be somebody's grandma, cuz she's so fine. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Which location? We're open year-round everywhere except Ocean City and Myrtle Beach!
...as distinct from social MEDIA analysis, which is about content and data on websites/networks.
RT : already sold! I was happy with the stroller and happy to pass it on. “: Great deal :)”
Thanks for the RT on the music video! hope you liked it
Ally from Austin & Ally is mad corny ew
..or i'll try to replace it. it's all green and shit, and i'm pretty sure swimming and shit with it wouldn't be nice..
The moment when you love the teacher, and feel so bad when you dont do something..
Sad I won't be able to attend the first event. But you should go there and listen to talk about Ruby on Rails.
I can hear a "Hey kids, want some candy?" type of voice too.
Hurt and lost
great idea
love you more!!
i told you bitches regular fishes can't swim wit sharks.
Computer on all night. Who is tweeting at 5am?
Just finished watching one of our pilots we cast..it turned out to be EPIC! We r gearing up for the season so stay tuned for more details!
: is Coachella going to be a w/ band kind of thing, or a stand at a table with a MacBook thing?
It is the surmounting of difficulties that make heroes. Louis Kossuth
If anyone is pulled over at a check point –they should remember the four steps to avoiding arrest: 1. cooperate but do not admit anything
KIK me please(:
Health literacy: In a study patients were given 5 pill bottles. Fifty percent did not understand at least one of the labels.
Follow I love this woman, she is a wonderful person and holds it down for my camp XOXOXO
you realize you are describing THE perfect cup of coffee .... I'm not sure ill be able to go go Starbucks ever again!
vs. Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight!
The fact that my boyfriend has seen The Vow more than I have <<<
your a THIeF cuz You Stole My HEART " c;
Hi ! Things are great but busy! How are you? Have a great time in NYC!
yes I am!!
was looking on 4SQ to see if it was worth the trip up there. My analysis said no-go, but wanted you to validate.
haha sadly no, but if you're ever in need of a replacement for your mascot, I've got experience now. ;)
My dad trying to show me up with gifts for my grandma. Balloon, flowers, chocolate, lunch. I see your game.
This is the ONLY correct answer for this TT>>> #SexAintBetterThan $$$$$
cry loud inside sometimes i jus wanna die-Tyler the Creator
Tried out a new tough circuit today i saw on
Making it rain all day Bro! Hahaha a trip out here sounds great, I need a cross country journey myself.
Charlie Furbush. Insert juvenile tweet here.
"every life has its purpose, mine is to prepare the way for Him. Even if it cost me everything" -John The Baptist
Justin Beibers hair comes from s beard.
A lizard ran into the wall
Thank You[:
still 2 West Allis wards yet to count.
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. . - Jerry Seinfeld
Blasting some Ray Charles. Chillin
Celebrating my birthday a little early with cookies for breakfast.
Very good thanks mate. How you been keeping? Nice and busy?
I keep calling, omg !
That would work for me :)
He knows exactly what to say to make a huge smile on my face<U+2665>
Got that Dunkin Donuts coffe bro!!!
Next time then. RT : “: Hope you had a great weekend.” I had to study all weekend!
So excited about Easter tomorrow! I'm glad he died but I'm so grateful/happy he rose :-)
Was great to attend #PLA12 #PLA2012 but not to so great that I won’t be going to #CIL12 #CIL2012 :(
Just got home to realize that around 6am i took the pictures off my walls expecting another earthquake today
in 1992 we didn't really have the web, so yeah, little bitta change there!
Such an amazing trip to Chicago!
Good morning back at you ! Hope your day is perfect.
RT Suzie's mouth runs like water
"Neon" coming up NEXT on #Pittsburgh where our favorite colors are
I really feel like a lot of #NFL players' names could double for indie bands
Watching my dog watching the Westminster Dog Show. Truly the first time she's watched TV. Adorable.
I don't care though. I'll live.
nothing to do -_-
Absolutely love Beautiful performance tonight.
good morning Mr. Maye
im doing great too! yeah we definitely will! i come out to byu in august, so we for sure will!
20 more minutes
As did we. Think spring!
Still got that game on my mind! It sucks to get beat by penalties... or was it bad coaching - lol
WHERE ARE YOU SUMMERTIME >.<
I love the video! Am so excited to get this conversation started. My challenge is email & making my inbox manageable.
Waiting to be summoned at Jury Duty in the quiet (tech) room w/ the other addicts. It's no wonder we all freak out when connection is lost.
In the event of a drive-by, it will stop most bullets. Thanks for picking up all the books!
I'm not a big hockey fan either, I'm a casual observer of NHL playoffs. Been to 1 NYR game, still haven't made it to Caps game.
great news!
You can be atonal, or you can be arrhythmic, but you cannot be both.
I was at the game today. Very, very special puck drop. Glad I was there.
haha cool :) where you from?
Hahaha you were blowing UP my phone & stuff last night #iloveyoutoo bestttfraaann
I feel like she always does though
It's definitely making you the front runner!
Oh Say Can You See, by this slut's reckless flight. Over a twig, will she fall. And die violently screaming...
If there's ever a remake of Truffaut's "The Bride Wore Black", I'd cast you as the 2nd victim, Robert Coral.
LeBron James' head band gets thicker every year. We know Bron, we know.
WHO KNEW?
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to God<U+FFFD>s original blueprint and not someone else<U+FFFD>s
that's all i have to say.
excited about the new cast members for our company!
how was monday?
It was a sweet night tonight only
don't know their name. but they wear period clothing sometimes. and nun habits on Easter.
DM me your email. I want to invite you to our SXSW kick off party.
Charlie Sheen turns 46 today. I wonder what he'll do to celebrate. M.......
ha! Maybe I'm just hyped about the Cougar Town/TBS rumor. Truthfully, I've really enjoyed this AR season more than recent ones
i need my hair colored
In music class in H. School, we had to play a song on the keyboard. It was the only song I ever learned.
#WiseWordsToLiveBy "Your a simp and she can smell it on you.. That's why you only see her when you buying stuff for her"
RT : People charge professional prices but haven't developed a professional product. /via
CD AND DVD replication on the up & up! Have no explanation but ecstatic about it. The death of the disc is over exaggerated in my opinion...
To understand is to perceive patterns.
Mom, just.. just fucking stop. Your half-assed cheerful disposition is pissing me off
I. Don't. Like. You. BITCH!
is sick. Fuck.
you ain't even let me know about that one shit bro
There's a glass-half-full side, too - I'm having a blast at the moment - but half empty is the story people need to hear...
i wanna hear al about it!
out collectin funds.. Right now
Make it a great day!
Eh ok. I give up. Didn't pick #cuse or #louisville or #UF to get this far. Give me Kansas and Kentucky in the final and I'll be happy.
Cool and sorta the same trying to keep up with the drama in my school !
heya is your bday today? i have a present from Soviet Republic
davvvvviddddd you should guest list me for your show in okc the 20th I'll even walk to the show if I have to
I think Ed`s a modern version of the Lizard King.
When Stella doesn't log out of her Facebook on my phone >>>>>>>>
In my life I wish to befriend a Phoebe Buffay and work for a Michael J. Scott. Talk about daily entertainment!
Team Chicago has been in that little room for a long time.
Carlos Santana batting for Cleveland Indians ! Wtf I thought he played guitar
Are deep friend Snickers any good?? I always see them. Makes me hungry but I think, "They CAN'T be any good."
Thank you! ~fist bump~ right back.
only for chemistry or home room lol and i think i had a spanish 3 class up there lol damn that was a long time ago
Im trying to take a day without listening to Adele .. (later) I give in !!!!! - Zaona
so sorry you cannot make #govwebcon, hope you can follow on the twitterfall - will say Hi to !
the worst thing in the worst is when u get the last toaster strudel in the box and some dumbass decided to not leave any icing
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times
HOME RUN NATE BURNS! 3-run homer to right. His 3rd of the year. Panthers take a 7-4 lead.
Oop the happy dev house is this Saturday MARCH 31
stop being mean
Overwhelmed with #sportsbiz discussions and opportunity right now for
In the "Museum Mixology" session this morning. (note to boss: There are no cocktails here, I promise.)
You live and learn, and move on...
Rember that, love is, is what I got.
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
dont trust nobody even the devil was an angel
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the lack of updates :/ just been busy lately! Gonna try to post a new video tomorrow (today) though :)
At The Frolic Room w having a birthday beer before we do something crazy at 5:30...
I miss your dog. He's got charisma.
When you were born you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die, the world cried and you rejoice.
birds of a feather tweet together. :-)
Thanks to and others! Great to spend time with you at
I had a burrito for lunch. Now I want to sleep
Why every time I'm in the kitchen, YOU in the kitchen? In the GOT DAMN refrigerator! eatin up AAALLLLLL the food?
hey man - I'm coming to Toronto tomorrow. what was that coffee shop by your house you and Sarah like a lot? need address too...
I’ve been using Google for years and I have no idea who uses the “I’m Feeling Lucky” button.
- Congrats Ma!!
We can support women by helping them see everyday situations as opportunities.
I know. My Mrs is May 24. She's been counting down for three weeks!
so happy to hear them they are in usa just got there
P.S. I love all your wedding inspirations pins on pinterest :-) I've been forwarding some of them to my brothers fiancee
We should probably get very drunk before seeing this.
Nature hike Dunes Natl' Shoreline. We LOVE 2 learn
hope you dont get sick! :)
O free punches to the face?! I'll take one! RT Think i'm gonna have to go on the free punches in the face all week again
No but I had an H4. Same thing but with two mic/guitar inputs. Accomodations for playing guitar on the couch
Good job Broxton! didn't blow it like usual. Now time to change over to the Kings game 2 c if they can get closer to clinching playoff spot
It really is. I hope the NBA follows suit next season.
thanks for the follow :)
#1Rule: Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
i think i mighhhttt be able to get the new edgeworth 2 game by computer
Looks like & I arrived at in Boise just in time to catch an amazing set from
should probably take another look at pinterest... trying to overcome the initial inertia jumping into yet another social media tool
are bent on giving someone a seizure with their commercials this season
I've been there. Have you?
That you have a new math teacher
Macroeconomics will be the death of me. How the fuck are people Economic majors is the real question here?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
"Librarians? More like LiBRAINians!" I <3 my friends :)
Come on people spread the word. RT 8 more followers and I'm sharing a #fucking pic from my video today!
The eye girl?
Look at 4 Mexican journalists killed in last week
Milwaukee fans might remember NIU asst coach Todd Townsend from Marquette. . I remember him as big and controversial part of NT team in 2000
Teach your kid/kids good values
Toddler Time today @ 1030. Craft, song, story, carousel ride!
Watching on Good Morning America .. LOVE that voice and she is absolutely adorable ... cute yellow dress!
#InMiddleSchool i hung out under the stands at the football games.
The is gunna be Booming 2nitee
no way, i eat dry cereal quite often. Good times.
1994: You're cute(: and you should tweet me more!
Thank you, sir. Your opinion carries weight.
werey ya at my sweetyness =P
not as promising as yours. nice draft.
Only folks still using pagers - old school ER docs and NFL refs, apparently
what is the most valuable game you have in your collection? Also, who would win in a fight Godzilla, king kong or Gamera?
#IDontNeedAnyone to tell me what i'm worth
ToDAy ONLY!!!!! Promo Special Buy 2 Or More Tickets to The Blezz Melano Red Carpet Event and We Will Match it!! Celebs! MTV! Models Bottles!
YOU hold copyright on whatever YOU create as soon as it's recorded/written. It's on you to register it, defend it, or transfer it
I don't hear anything yet....#Occupy Coalition in #Milwaukee is now mobilizing for a "Take Back City Hall" and should be arriving shortly
Fuck you, glass next to glasses, filled with watered down iced coffee.
": Did you know that when someone appears in your dreams, it's because that person misses you." I had a dream about ...
way to put yourself on blast
What are the movies with the longest and shortest time spans? I'm guessing 2001: A Space Odyssey and Friday
and you know mine!
I'm obsessed with this new work. I never want to leave rehearsal.
how far did you hav to run? :)
Guess , imma have to reset my phone .
That's one good looking little man!
Congrats to Jermaine!!! Question...y is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper? Oh well--->Nuggs time!
Are all young girls hot? Or are all hot girls young?
Thanks for having me on your show. Makes me look forward to coming back to Chicago
How can people be so mean? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
You're enthusiasm never ceases to amaze me
You can now get Martita’s™ Guiltless® Margaritas @ Lakerz Pub & Grill in Oconomowoc located @ 118 E Wisconsin Ave. Enjoy!
I regret that my plans have changed and I will not be visiting Austin during SXSW. Sorry to miss hanging with you guys.
The admissions officers who were responsible for Vassar's Early Decision mix-up should be punished with a month of meals from "ACDC."
Yes RT : So far all the home teams have won in the #NFL playoffs. Does it continue in Green Bay?
guess what!
OH by Info Desk student after telling visitors that books didn't need to be paged and we're open 24/7: "this place is like heaven!"
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.
Family comes first! Yes it was a nice one to attend! Chuck played great! Nice way to start Christmas weekend! #doyouknowme lol
Looking forward to hearing from , , , , , & others at #denialconf!
Let's go kill some dogs soon.
Bout to Hit theese sheets, and count theese sheep.....
#RIP Whitney Houston. We will always love you.
What would American Bud drinkers think if they knew their beer supported soccer in England?
but that's impossible in your case since you always look gorgeous and perfect
Five hours of sleep -_____- No me gusta.
Heaven leaves heaven... Heaven comes down - to enter in to bring others out. Diane Langberg
I'm sure there was some kind of membership fee. I'd take another peek, but it's already poop-smeared.
So glad to hear it, thanks! We love that one!
I do like that :)
oh how things have changed...like those stylish vans or the look on your face
Red carpet-check. Runway-check. After-party...soon!
... but would you rather listen to a RUSH song?
waking up! but good
Finally, home. Drizzly night spent cuddled up on the couch w/ a glass of #wine & home cooked meal...
Thanks! I currently have "let's go to the mall" burned into my brain on constant repeat now...
Caved in and created a Twitter account. Why? Because said so!
: yo, ! What's the show to attend this weekend? Been out of town for two weeks but now I'm back...
did you like the wild finish to the Nationwide race!!'
I'm now following you again.
o C-A-T-S Cats! Cats! Cats!
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
congrats girl!
we could talk abt unnatural things for days. I'm asking what the difference is between those two things specifically.
dude, you have missed so much of what's been going on. Call/txt me on my sis' phone 832-314-5485
you gonna be a Cardinal fan now Dan?
Since Kings Speech both J Edgar and Iron Lady have featured politicians struggling to improve their speech. Who thought THAT would catch on?
I cried a bit but I more wanted to pummel all the lame ass good for nothing school administrators.
Chicago just irritates me
Watched a show and got the best idea for a middle name. Wait For It.
Great meeting this morning with Gordon Murphy. Enjoyed learning about the Barnabas Group and talking about the old CCDA days.
Glad to hear it!
MAGIC #adult photo's presenting Lisa Ann
I love being gang banged!
Oh hey, I did that with my Adjustables on a jacket the other day, too! How'd it work out for you?
#theavengers #josswhedon = comic god. He made a comic book come to life, not try to interpret 1 like #christophernolan did with #batman. 10!
Just about browned out in grandpa's chair.
"it must be cold for those with no warm memories...we've already missed the spring" -An Affair to Remmember <3 *a lady's classic :]
The Milwaukee Schrabs have landed. #kate&robwedding
Spring and the beginning of Q2 is a great time to re-examing your commitments. Are you on track, what's your strategy?
Damn I want you to come over before you head home but shit it might be late af lol
First law on holes - when you're in one, stop digging.
Hoping to help fuel the nation's awakening. Let me know if there is anything I can do in
RT Ultimate irony: a line of hand sanitizers pulled from market due to being contaminated with bacteria.
[Philippians4:19]FatherGod shall supply all our need according to HIS riches in glory by LordChristJesus [1Peter5:7]Cast all our care on HIM
DL the film on iTunes
You were fantastic!
Getting ready for basketball practice
That's what we love to hear! Glad we can help you out. RT Your delivery guy rocks. Best customer service, no contest.
Tell EVERYONE! RT: Hey , Best Show Ever.
Thanks for the RT's Have a great weekend!
Golf carries with it the comity and goodwill that are very rare in politics - Zach Wamp
it's all good though!
morning twitter. chillin, mall with ma niggas soon.
True - I'm seeing a lot of that motivation on websites and in my mailbox right now.
glad u came...u can get to dance in the music video! They do that song on tour!
Oh I don't know if Posted this yet but I got my drivers permit I think around a month ago yay only 7 months left till I can get my license
T2 - but heck, if it's only contribution is to push Facebook to improve, that will be worthwhile.
#theshitkymeishasays oh yeah! (porn star voice)
dear god lol. check your voxer
Smh . Hopefully you back before August 2nd
#youknowthatneed to start humming when the conversation has been dead while giving somebody a lift in your car?
I ate way to much. Ugh.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ~...
Vote Today!
RT : "Brunch is a time to catch up with friends...and Lesley" - // thanks guys cc
that's right, you're #notgonnawin because #imgonnawin :)
And keeps on rolling. He and Team Penske win the pole in Sao Paulo. Watch the race Sunday at 11am ET on
Hook yourself up already! Subscribe to FreeMixtapeLove.com and get great sounding, free music. You deserve it.
soon as i hit the water i started to die lmbao hahahahaha
Writing slightly unconventional analysis of The Good Soldier...for an arch. class, w/ some Adolf Loos thrown in. Interdisciplinarity is fun!
I watched up to like season 6 over the course of 2 months. While its funny, all the characters become so 1dimensional later on
Listening to my Reno Radio station Wild 102.9 online!
I Cant Sleep On A Warm Pillow...
SOMEBODDY LEFT THE GATE UP!
Come to ACM's concert, Rugged American Elegance, on Friday November 4. Checkout www.americancenturymusic for more details.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Q4,#sschat, we reinacted the tearl of tears! Studied it first, students wrote the script, planned the costumes, went on a trail videoed it!
Where's summer!
beautiful! i dunno what's wrong with my googling tonight, but i couldn't find that for the life of me.
Hm, I'll have to put my thinking cap on! What about other science-related stories?
Happy birthday to the beautiful ! #birthdaygirl (:
Looking forward to it! :
I can't wait to get out of work
Had a Dr appt today and there were dozens of pamphlets in the waiting room, all promoting different drugs with many possible side effects.
Sure! How can I? <3 Thanks :)
RT “: I predict more hits for ” --yeah, if she keep hanging out with cris brown...
If you have time for drama then you aren't using your time wisely...
white chicks, mean girls, and the note book<3
I must get tickets! Oh dear I hope they come to WA *-*
Thank you Lord for another day
I hate you
Great! We'll have live music from the Benderz!
Today's K atty tip: Does your agency have a bonus program for your #contractattorneys? It matters if you want the best talent.
I have been having a custody battle against crazy socialite lauryn shackles over benji! Shell b on twitter soon!!!!
I also enjoy "White Dude In Berlin Leaning Menacingly [Over Maps of Colonial Lands]."
Yess.. I'm back in business! :)
Craig James. JUST KIDDING!!
Beta trip tomorrow. Were gonna
Come on in and say "bye" to me, this week! My last day in shop is a week from today. Texas here I come!
Mine is going pretty good thx for askin :) and why not so good for most of u ?
We will use the weekend to slowly adjust to your impending disappearance.
austin can yue plz notice me or follow me or something i will be in love with yue forever andya so plzzz:)
if you decide to do it let me know, I'm on Etsy. Would be happy to share what I've learned.
makes good point that nonprofits can sustain projects from #hackathons. Doesn't need to be govt.
"You went into the barrel and out..." but in reality, you were in there for 18 hours, having the time of your life.
it looks your face is the perfect fit for that body,,,I've saved one of those photos on my laptop.:(
Haven't seen it, but I still don't believe it :) I'm great... keeping busy in the Big Apple... LA seems to agree with you!
Man I miss my black berry .. I was thuggin it out I swea
Thanks weather for cancelling my fishing charter, now i gotta shop with the wife all day...
BRIAN!! Thanks so much - I missed you too and hope everything is going great w you! I can't wait for MDR to open up!!
Wow! Time does fly. But that's a good sort of progress. :)
The plain white one.
Good to see you at 's event!
oh man... How many days till football starts? Gonna be a long summer.
I Hoopppeee and Wiisshhh that will come to the USA again for a second leg!!! Pleeaassseee!!!!<3
I've already have, ehe. I'll enjoy it to the maximum because it's true you do only live once.. Get your ass to Miami dude :o
Our Night School band blog has been updated. Check it out at www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
yea he can drive!! I member when he tweeted about it!(:
i am chillin
Ha ha. I'm a petite hourglass. Gwyn is nutty.
Well Heath Bell isn't too bad of a guy he threw me a baseball right after the game.
GOOD MORNING Milwaukee. I need some #music suggestions to kick my day off right. GO!
These young ladies are ill
Hey Thrillist (this is a person, not spam-promises) I don't know if you accept events but I've got somethin I think you'd like!
I just hope you can change her mind.
Nice, is it pretty novice-friendly software?
Dear Netflix you should of consulted with a PR firm before making all your customers angry!
<U+2665> RT : Can't believe it! We're approaching 200,000 'likes' on Facebook! What an amazing family of support!
Haters are always going to yell your failures and whisper your successes. Make sure 2 keep 'm quiet!
you'll be my american boy
Tired...cataloged two bins of props.
I bet you were the one on the right..;-)
Train tickets just past 4:45 with the End of the Workday Giveaway. All you have to do today is guess a number between 1 and 10.... ~boomer
ya bad start to my day. Will in like 3 months
I sent ya a FB message ;-)
Can i get a fucking donut???
Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far
"Five accused of conspiring to blow up Cleveland-area bridge"... so, are they white and we must call them a militia, or arab and terrorists?
Poor Alec Williams RT : "I thought I was gonna have to put myself in at the end there"
Nothing like sitting outside of accounts waiting for someone to show up.Sit for 20 minutes,take the order in 30 sec. Commission....90 cents.
Dustin Kahlil Band stays strong in Hard Rock battle
#Wall #miamibeach tonight!
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made
Mentorship is a way to build bridges between different generations
Everyone go see at
Quick shower
> IMHO (as self-declared "good & fun" talent) it's a bit of both
Ahaha me too ..shits fun RT ": Im real good at being an asshole [;"
Only Kobe can rape a girl and show his face in public again
What does Coach #Cowher think of #Big Ben? WWW.USSportspages.com
aka a little too much coffee?
Lone Star buckets for $10. That's a bucket of 6 for $10. We are doing that everyday all day. Closed on Mondays.
jealous of the females in your life, looking sharp guys!
70% of nonprofit professionals in DC and NYC find their jobs unfulfilling in the nonprofit sector.
We have some stuff signed by him...
We begin by reviewing your needs through discussions with family members & when necessary, with #healthcare providers. 408-977-1133
I do that as well. Its weezer's best song.
I like the part.. Never mind, I didn't like it at all! At first I was exited & then I was like,did I just spent 10$ on this?
Is there a growing awareness/concern amongst spa-goers about Fair Trade Certified ingredients in their spa treatments?
Catch Sherlock Holmes this weekend at the Varsity Theatre 9pm on Friday, 7 & 10pm on Saturday. Tickets are just $2 with your MUID!
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
Amazing social media webinar going on now
ok that's cool
Money Running
why is it so hard for me not to smile?! #why #iguessimjusttoobubbly (:
Tovo indicates she believes that the agreement for Green redevelopment was intended include "longterm affordability, not seven years"
Smoking something good, 3 blunts and I'm smacked out.
DealBook: JPMorgan x2019;s Outsize Trades Drew Interest of Regulators United States and British regulators have been in discussions with
what about the flyers?
If we had food everyday in Locurtos class, I guarantee our grades would be better.
Let's hope we can keep it up!
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of drudgery & triumph; a beginning, a struggle & a victory.
everybodys working for the weekend!
Yes! Idk I just don't feel like going to sleep though xD
There is a certain volume that P.J. Hanley’s reserves for games against Boston-area teams.
I feel like I'm in high school - Parklife just came on my iTunes shuffle followed by Cornershop "45."
o okay :( wanna go to the movies tuesdayy ?
But solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil. -Hebrews 5:14
people in Philadelphia who are plugged into the Eagles.
The conductor of my subway train winked at me and said good night as I left the station. #winningatnewyork?
RT : No sleep till !
Stop being afraid... we're all introverts at some level... with experience comes comfort and confidence.
GoodMorning Everyone From
I sent you the link to my commentary today on Canadian TV on George Zimmerman and
All those fairy tails are full of shit. One more stupid love song and I'll be sick! #NewJam!
Good Records and Other Music in NoHo are pretty rad.
You want me to move? We would miss you!
Moderate stress,like driving to an unfamiliar place to take a memory test,can produce test results similar to those of a Alzheimer’s patient
Thanks so much for the awesome review , you rock! So glad you enjoyed the new CD!
So freakin' pissed that Levi Johnston stole our preferred baby name, Breeze Beretta. Will go with second choice, Tornado Uzi.
I thought you worked for both, thus more work up here...
I'm going to say it was over disagreements of religious beliefs
watching dance moms miami! love every one of them!
Purple Haze is in the house!!! Come by for TGIF. All 8th is $40 no tax
Ok people, to work I go. Let's hope the #Cubs get a W!
At work smashing
wins at Bay Hill. Good for him. Honestly. Screw the negativity. Good for golf, too. Trending to nobody's surprise...
Everytime i go work out its always a big bitch walking like she got no where to go.
Judging from the number of people at Kroger, Columbus is totally panicking over snow tonight...
Overcast night in Deerfield for the 23rd annual Classic track and field meet. There are 18 Division 2 and Division 3 teams competing.
I'm doing a theme for my tumblr :)
Why do they call you wolf? Is it because you have the biggest forehead I've ever seen?
The decline in journalism is appalling. Between copy errors and bad headlines. GRRRRRR. Now, facts are wrong, evidenced by the...
that's an inverted 'oh my god'.
Thanks! We're excited about it. RT : Congratulations! That's exciting for you
Listening to Newport Folk Festival on radio, not like the real thing, but for this easily visually distracted person, almost as good.
Our celebration of the legendary Warda Al Jazairia continues..
yes indeed she did -.-
--> Good morning, Jamie. Have a great weekend!
RT : A firm handshake is a sign of a good interview!
1 GM seed for iPhone, iPad released to developers
You're SO sexy.xD
PLEASE please follow back :o)!!!!
:) RT Sitting back and watching my former interns go onto greatness - I cannot explain how good it feels - congrats everyone!
Small libraries, museums & other cultural heritage institutions do not have resources like major institutions - beware elitism.
Why does everyone have to have a damn song with 2 Chainz?!
yes I can't wait to go!
it's too late, I'm off to sleep. Count yourself lucky.
: Rich Girls/Boys are worse as Rich Asshole Couples. "I run this town, babe." | "Buy me that, babe." | "You want that, babe?"
Her and I worked on both sides together. :)
I would make u my bitch but u already it lol
Day 2 of dancing on Basis Of Decision!
#bunfun for days!
your twitter name is stupid , just like you .
lol oh ok . Thanks
U also:
And I love my Nephew!
Hawaii Web Design and SEO Company, E.B.B. Interactive, Targets HVAC, Real Estate, and Veterinary Markets
my favorite game! ill be playing that on wednesday
Friday night discussing empowerment through digital media! Woot!
yes the truck of naughty naughty things. Lol
absolutely! Self-nominations are definitely encouraged :)
Not the four letter word that I'd choose, but yes, you're right.
list of things that cause cancer 1. EVERYTHING!
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Love her..
No more orthopedic boot! Happy day!
Hitless in Seattle staring Phil Humber. .
#Kidnation Concert Tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM!
Good morning & happy Friday!
Ha. MTV has a podcast called 120 seconds. I remember when it was 120 minutes!
Talked with Google Attribution Labs today. Would love to get beta access to Google Analytics multi-channel funnels features
He should be around a .280+ hitter. He is right in his prime too, which makes it confusing.
uh oh Chelsi is cussing again
SENIORS... Remember "people don't remember how u start.. but will remember how u finish"
it's rough, isn't it? Darn sacred cookies....
Halloween/Day of the Dead means skull masks and altars. Make your own at Mingei International. Oct. 29, 11-3. BP Family Day
Oh go on. Did Tiger meet a stripper named Pebbles Beach? Was that the married name of Fred Flintstone's daughter?
may the force of the cheese be with you always and forever!!!
Its 11pm here thats crazy! Have a great day at work dear! I have to be at work in like 5 hours so I have to get sleep! Lol
This show is so addicting.
Thanks for the
”It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart - Anonymous
Thanks for the kind words. Please remember that our projections should be only one of the components of your research.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
Don't you trust word-of-mouth recommendations from friends and family more than other messages you receive? We do. 4MeNU.
movies for you
Great pic - Gotta love Tampa Bay!
Stopping through the #TweetSuite at the #AutoClub400 for to talk #Twitter with #NASCAR fans
Today in Invention History: Houston and Thomson granted patent in 1881 for a centrifugal separator--"the creamer."
justin bieber - baby
mario 3d land is the best handheld game so far! sony gotta step their game up!
thanks much for checking out my blog. So appreciate it and look forward to following your tweets
You've got a fast car, is it fast enough so we can fly away?
Yes!! RT : everyone follow and AND SUPPORT THEM!
Damn....#askScandal Cyrus to can take out psychic ms. Cleo
Smh tf were u thinkin when u did that!
las delicias on Park. Get your margaritas there too...jumbo
Didn't even take an hour and a half, you got pumped, them get to cool down on the sideline....
You will leave the Reading settings - “Front page displays” as "Your latest posts” ...
havin some drinks & goin out for a bit. You?
Thanks but ehh it's mostly just a wait and watch weekend for me.
I feel like this seasons #thebachelor has been the #courtneyrobertson show. It is really irritating. She is such a deuchebag!
gorgeous day - would rather be riding a horse than a desk jockey, but how else would I afford them:)!!!!
After watching #MayweatherCotto 24/7 finale, safe to say we are watching semifinals of 154lb tournament tomorrow?
Yea but can u keep up with that? :p
RT : #greennet discussing a fav topic: how web can drive a green economy thru sharing systems.
Two days of great weather in a row, I'll take it. Back to blog building today!
I love your new album and my favorite is the one u did with drake
"Justice Alito Will Not Attend Obama's State Of The Union" Tiny little man with hurt feelings. You make bad law, expect criticisms. Jerk.
Louisiana hot link chips and drink $4.50!!!! Try some Iced Hibiscus Tea
apparently there's a lot going on w new media and the touring biz - mobile promos, data collection
GETTING THE ARTISTS TOGETHER BUT I HAVE NOT FOUND A LOCATION FOR IT YET
On lunch at work relaxing and listening to #TheResolution by my favorite cd EVER! Go to amazon.com or drewseeley.com to get it!
hahaha, OMG Shoes!
Thanks for the mention!
RT Douglas Trumbull on experiment on human brain: bell curve shows people most excited by moving images at 66 FPS.
I thought of you this morning when I had a nutella scone for breakfast. Hope you are doing well!
Welcome to twitter Jonesie. See you at the lap pool mañana for our seriously over due workout! :)
My back itches but i cant reach it
Save me one
haha that video cracked me up! And I have heard so many crippled jokes you have no idea haha!
Ohh I want to learn how to surf!!!
we understand. :)
lol! Impossible - only one person in history has gotten pregnant by not having sex, I think I'll be safe. Lol! Ha ha!
Live swag on da runniest of ronzies "get the drummer"...
After I graduate in approximately 5 months, yes. We will play Muse songs for the rest of our careers.
Working on NYC trip...no dates yet RT : Good will that b soon?
Quick someone follow get her past 666 followers!
looking good, great to be able to see so easily who's viewed your profile
RT "Live out of your imagination, not your history." -Stephen Covey
#markets #voodoo #foodcarts #rosegarden #tram - what to see in 24 hrs in Portland?
Thx! : Just discovered & I have to say it might b the best idea ever. Thinking of taking some courses soon!”
yes, this weekend
ehhh I gotta study for all these subjects waiting for June 4, 2012 . -_-
What has the world come to when a Catcher is hitting .134 and making 4 million dollars? #PirateProblems daaaayyyymmm
I cant wait til ya BD gets out & whoop ya ass! YOU BIG Dumb Foreheaded Bitch that fucks & fall in love with your cousin...
FCW is going to be on WWE network.
The pen and the sword are both necessary.
Great interview with OSO Artist, Crystal Guzman, today. What a story, what a voice! Oh ya, did you vote today? ---> www.refresheverything.co
okay that's cool
Finally hit 50!! Woo Hoo...Thank you for helping me get there. Now I'm shooting for 75!
Gm feeling good
When where you want to be is unavailable, even a crowded bar feels pretty lonely.
bruh u kno i dont be caring i can out dress any nigga that wanna try his luck
Sunoco -- the gas station -- suggested I follow it on Twitter. Sad.
you should write an article about how stupid that article is. IF YOU DON'T, I WILL!
Thanks for writing !
Had call from citizen in Golden area wondering whether Jeffco's power was out because hers was. No problems at the Jeffco campus
yeah its due tmrw :(
Today is a new day. Fill it with new experiences
Spin spin spin spin spin
Headed to D.C for the weekend!!! Looking forward to being on the East Coast for a lil bit....I wish I had time to go to NY tho....
Hey, , you're black. Will you sell me a phone?
Today's band name: Orange vs. Biddle Battle
maybe it's my windchime ;)
U just let me know when this Danny Espinosa just watches Ryan Anderson push him around 4 an offensive rebound.
Why is everyone suddenly obsessed with ombre and chevrons?
Bomb-maker told atty he robbed four local Bank of America branches because "they have the worst security of any bank"
Teaching Tennyson's *Idylls* next semester; good excuse to watch cheesy King Arthur movies.
Uh... that should not imply that you are backing slackers. Quite the opposite!
Im not making fun!!!! I knew you would go nuts for it!!!
TAYLOR POWERS FOR PROM QUEEN!!
no black is you're name ! Noo it was only a Joke :))
TX4 following, And , we greatly appreciate your business! :-)
it's always windy around Batman
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Can't wait to go home & see my family
Josh! Thanks for the RT :-) Happy Saturday!
Get ready, set, go! Run to your new life!
no problem fool. You like twitter?
-persistent, distributed, mutable object graphs are hideous. I used to be a dev for one. Datomic's "journal": promising
Imma kill Sharnelle for sending that group message, my messages was blowing up
We should all count our blessings- we never know when something might happen & make us long for even the semi-peaceful times!
Yes, it is a 10 part series. They are on part 4. Would love to hear your thoughts!
anytime! I usually have no plans
I am in aton of trouble i might as well just buy a keg at the stadium before every game!
4 great tweets!
As long as she don't need stupid amounts of makeup to makeup the self esteem - scotty!!!
Excellent job on #gh today! I loved it! Daaayyyyuuuum Sonny & Carly :) We still got it!
Amen to all of the above (or below, depending how you see it) haha
RT : #AmyWinehouse joins the Forever 27 club. Not a shock, but a very sad story.
Thanks for the RT Hope you're doing well.
just what viewers need, another qb commentating on the mothership
Thankful for all of the idiots who aren't mothers.....yet
Rule 34. No exceptions.
:( Bo. That sucks.
beautiful but would be better in person thanks for shareing
When life around you changes, try to keep your sameness.
also says he might come!
I love you soo much,you did soo great in hp6 i started crying when harry did sectumsempra even tho i knew what happened! i <333 u
Waiting to go on with Kelle and Erika Viking to talk about #Casaball! Tune into 102.5!
Parenthood could be a little crazy sometimes but for me is worth every second of it.
Nothing beats a midday "I just called to say I love you, Uncle Jake" from my niece, Shianne.
Great job today by standing up for #women on Video will be posted soon.
awesome lets uh think positive
Are you doing this to me because I don't share your love of unicorns?
he is so mean to me! Sometimes..
I JUST WANNA KILL PEOPLE IN THE FUCKING PIT.
Oh let's face it, I have the suds. *sniff*..
Thanks for the follow. If I can assist your firm in any way please let me know. $60 Service of process, Unlimited attempts. Thanks
i'm going to KILL HIM i just get so pissed because i know i have to work in an hour
Who wants my 63ooth tweet.!
aw what's in the box??
Road show update: Having to make more toffee for the road show in Arkansas! It's so popular we've almost sold out!
Wow. That sounds like tasty potassium death. Am jealous! (BTW, we just polished off the amazing cranberry marmalade!)
haha ya it is
you got a GP shirt?
this is the LAST rain of the year :)
if all you play with is the thunder and heat on 2k12... you're not good.
What you talkin' bout willis
mhmm sure me alone is like 100 ppl cuz im a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
#mybiggestpetpeeve is when people call themselves "hopeless romantics" and have no idea what that phrase means
there ain't nothing better than seeing your homies win, man. congratulate them, salute them, applaud em', dap em'...all that.
very nice player API, same one #Storyline uses. Everything #Storyline can do, API can do.
I'm looking to hire a programmer to help me implement a language as a part-time gig. Send me a direct message if interested!
Betty White ads still the best
Were gonna hit u wit songs from #TheDark ( ), #Ultra ( ) & #Supply ( ) May 24 @ Yayo Tacos!
Let's hope someone asks if they'd agree to annual audits in the city government... (cough, !, cough)
call me.
When you wake up with the Ramones in your head, you know it's going to be a good day in special collections.
#facebook Geo-location is one of most debated topics due to piracy settings. fb is figuring benefits to your check-ins.
Looks like most people agree: is the new awesome. Chicago is a fan.
Let's go Bucks!
Spring is here....that means summer is coming, and so is Festival Flamenco!
Of course I'm serious. Also had the opportunity to pee next to him. It was magical? Yes, magical
u seem not to care ?? lol ;)
Update: The Amazing Acro-Cats have added a show Tuesday @ 7pm! Get your tickets fast!
I'm feeling sick oh great!...
finally in Utah! and I had In&Out for dinner! score :)
Whats up with the devils just not showing up they picked up a hero and still cant find it in them to pull off the wins.
Saw a Virgin mobile commercial and its such a shitty commercial like seriously your company sucks ass
wish I was going 2b with you in #Philadelphia! L'chaim 2 this year's featured nation,
ah , somewhat! :-p
have you ever been double c4'ed off a moab in which both c4's came from the same person??
At the UniverSoul circus wit my Booski!!
Clinton Cards have gone into administration… Another High Street name potentially gone.
Shout Out To All My Follows. Duane@ Cha..... Thanks.
Haven't heard from all today phone powered oh well. I can live a day lol
is contemplating driving to Freeport, Maine this weekend.
Im bouta curse this bih out sendin me this long ass chain text message.. Nobody send that shxt no more lol
And all of a sudden the game is tied. Lakers-Nuggets #game7. Lawson is on fire!
#Didyouknow Mars appears red because it's covered in rust
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Enlarge your penis free! Look at it through a microscope.
Dear internet, as we ramp up this whole "end of the world" thing, keep in mind its "Maya" not "Mayans." Sincerely, The Maya.
This guy in the airport has the fattest plug I've ever seen in his mouth
Some days everything seems infinitely possible
Happy Autumn my LOVELIES!
so how in the world do we address this?? was talking a lot 2 my cousin last week who has kid going into kinder...
Drums tracked on four songs so far. Three to go, then it's on to the other instruments!
Why is Van Halen stuck in my head? I don't even listen to Van Halen.
Okay, it's officially summer <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
Yes where we record the guy mixes and masters but we may be in need of extra mastering if so we will contact you :)
President O: Higher education is the surest path to the middle class. [Yes, it is.]
hit me up or i will inbox or email u show dates
#Music in the #soul can be heard by the #universe. --Lao Tzu
I followed
I've got til I graduate college...then they kick me out!
If you want it, you gotta work for it!.. No one owes you anything.
#fridayreads Freud: A Very Short Introduction, by A. Storr (pub. ) Rather liked this updated version.
DC farmer's market on wheels just got pulled over by cops in Mt. Pleasant b/c the driver looked 2 be double-parked while picking up a pizza
Happy draft Day! Da Bears
Can anyone find the hidden message on my Twitter page? U may need two monitors.
so proud. GET IT DONE! #QUESTIONMARK???
It's okay, you rule.
My aunt just crashed my party and told me 2 go downstairs with the rest of the littlw kids...y do i have 2 b with the 2-6 year olds when ...
Pretty cool that 's own was at the #Atlantis launch! Hope it was amazing, Gavin!
can you recommend any great football books?
": I got Trust issues and a Short attention span"
When piranhas are in a feeding frenzy the water appears to boil and churn... Continued next tweet
Cmon! Phoenix Suns need to pick up the pace...
You're not fat doee ahah
#FF These people are doing big things!
It's fine by me, if you never leave (;
I'm here for a few days for a client kick-off.
Yes Mr Bouris... we do love you .... hubba hubba
Another protester arrested at #occupysd. Police formed a barricade and pushed back an unruly crowd as he was carried into a police van.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up
Catch me on the June 21st episode of "The People's Court" at 5PM Pacific Time. I was dropping knowledge lol
good song. thanks for sharing.
I love Timothy Busfield .
I love when I'm right!
Dead armadillo count-5
I hope everyones gonna be okay tonight . . You all are in my prayers .
~ Hi Erin, I actually make money with coffee, YOU can too and realistically retire in 12 months! www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
Shout out to , , , Thanks for following! :D
I really struggle with using #SM to complain, but there is something srly wrong with 's customer service for their grocery delivery
Going to follow some people back. Tweet me for a follow! ~Sara
No time to wallow in the mire...
What do you think of this war story?
I was kinda sneaking it at work, too.
RT : Pictures,Campaign Builder, building my flow chart, no more sloppy hand drawn pictures hanging in the office
dude I totally conozco what you're saying. It's muy not bueno, bromano
i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved, dear colleague :) love the name change! congrats. lookin' fwd to Oct 1
why don't you discuss all the Palestinians murdered by Hamas BUTCHERS? Israel always wants peace.
Portland is beautiful. Took a morning walk through the Rose Test Garden and the arboretum. The air was so sweet it smelled like Froot Loops.
"The penguin was clearly lying to me ... It's ok" #quote Chris Haserot
Good talk with and glad I've matured and grew we these girls
Visiting Wivenhoe for a week!
My unofficial weather report - It is WAY colder in Seattle tonight than it was last night.
the bitch who told me my relationship wouldn't last, is fucking pregnant
Looking for music engineers in Miami area if u know how to mix in protools holla at me!
More than we should.
So I'm bored
Can someone please help me get one more follower? Im almost to 380.:D Just one more please? (: <U+2665>
Welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
It's a gorgeous day! Think I'll take Beau pup to the park. And work while there, of course. (Hi boss)
how about i go take a look for him? i know the woods, and he wanted to talk.ill take him a coat
RT Twinkle Twinkle Little Snitch , Mind Your Own Business You Nosey Bitch
Kettlebell Kickboxing might be the death of me. Why the hell isn't there a bigger bottle of aleve?
": A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy. It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you."
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -T. S. Eliot
Q: What is generally considered to be the first "pony car"? A: Pontiac Firebird, B: Mercury Cougar, C: Ford Mustang, D: Chevrolet Camaro
Popeyes is my second home in Chicago!
You are special, you are loved. Even when neglected by your beloved. Keep at the cardio anyway. It'll help you determine the right pathway.
"Love makes the soul come out of its hiding place." - Zora Neale Hurston
grrrrrr.... U should have
listening to my music now. I got a few things back today. Next month I hope you'll be bumpin me!
I miss you!!
I need this vaction already. I'm ready to get AWAY from EVERYONE.
i love yoouu :)
We Need to Talk About Kevin - not the feel good hit of the summer.
Do good, cause good things follow.
there IS a different price... minus airfare.
RT IF YOU LOVE ICONIC BOYZ OR JUSTIN BIEBER<3 I DO!
If your intellect doesn't match up to the physical qualities that some of you "think" you have then thats just false advertisement.
Relax and enjoy tomorrow! We got this! It's gonna be a great day to be a Cat fan.
currently following 420 ... sweet.
got a really good pick for tomorrow, but this time, i will not reveal it. I did buy some.
u still wanna get them jordans today skett??
thanks baby! Rock on! XO
One offer after another we get it done... And have fun doing it!
aw well I bet u will and u need to come back to school. I rely miss u.
This weekend in #Chicago is 1 of my favorite events Good Food Chicago Fest. Buy your tickets now
Didn't plan on waking up from surgery & being rushed to ER, but home now & I am doing ok.. Thanks to all my friends and family <3
is one of the greatest guests u have had. Very articulate and amazingly beautiful.
that's gotta be one impressive dog...lol.
Communication works both ways . So Hmu when wan to talk .
so happy you stopped by
“Not every performance is going to be the best but the fact that you have the guts to do it makes it worth the practice "
Loved seeing your digital tap list on the cover of after visiting you guys back in August. Very cool.
is killing this CNN debate. GET IT!
Eggs Benedict with extra hollandaise sauce...now I'm drooling.
What are you watching on TV tonight?
He SLAPS RT In the gym on it RT <=== windows down on Stanley wit in my ears.......
Congrats from BlueRock!
#pw2012 Matt Unrath of WOW says the average income needed by elders to be financially stable is at least 16,000 a year
Way to go Brett Favre!!
Eye Glasses Losing Shape? Use both hands to remove and put on your glasses to keep your frames properly aligned.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. Keep smiling.
I can't make it. Sorry :(
Allegheny&#39;s 1Q Profit Falls
Thank you so much! My bday gift/thanks to you: I think of you when i throw out ugly shoes.
Wisconsin Bakers & Budweiser Pavilion introduce "Cream Puff 3Packs" - Fair Park - Wed Night Live, July 21 to benefit Youth Foundation.
Bitch I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I flip Writing Instruction mostly. Still developing my reading flip.
Bro tell me y dis nigga Paul George Indiana pacer shook my hand lol we drunk
Sun Kil Harvest Moon, Pokemonsters of Folk
From this moment life has begun.From this moment u r the 1.Right beside u is where i belong.From this moment on... (<U+222B><U+02D8><U+25BD><U+02D8>)<U+222B>
Id' say your rejection of him as realistic stems from the fact that a romantic nature hasn't served you, or me, well in life.
Check your invites! Sent all my fb peep invites to the new page ;) stay safe & be blessed my friends!
reports on the Union Council's plan to delay making the #GlassBox rentable until 1 year after it opens.
you mean someone took him off the DL? Start the party!
how dare u.. U cheat! Reporting u
Watching Re-runs Of !! #ABDC6Boyz <3
Don't you #hate it when a person you don't even know is mean too you...I do, im glad im a #nice #sweet person
Please take away the 1969 Z-28 Camaro from the guy in the Viagra commercial, & give him a mini-van. ED shouldn't roll like that.
Holy shit! That song is from 2005. I knew it was an old favorite, but I'm surprised that it's been hanging around for 7 years now.
might as well go see lincecum
What happened with the window
See the good suggestions for the #Studystrong Pinterest board earlier?
If you run and your arms don't move, odds are in favor of that you run like a penguin.
lmao i love u
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web. While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Hey , Is RL Cafe open for dinner on Sunday Nights?
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth?
“: "I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there."_____Oscar Wilde<U+263A>” love this one...
Me to lol RT : I've blocked a lot of people on twitter lol
Going to go support In septmber at the nokia! Make sure to come! She's AMAZING.
be sure to make us a stop on ur route--we're just steps away from kelly drive! we're open for dinner daily plus weekend brunch!
because you were tweeting yourself a minute ago!
how u been
About 6% of our FF users (who make up 20% of our total) are still on 3.6.
Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age
Suitcase = packed.
That fight today Q(-_-Q) lmfaooo some girls should just stick to talkin shit & rollin they eyes .
Awesome (Lucky) TD by the #SeattleSeahawks. Too little too late though.
Been a rough week. Hoping to take some positivity into the weekend.
RT : Listening to explore his past mistakes in business at #sddchi. Join me in the main auditorium!
Driving around with C:
We're going live!! Hello, Madison!
I'd be a great law-talking guy!
just got back to LA. I was in NY for the #webbys. Great show!!
i wanna see itt! :)
lol I Didn't go out... I think I have stomach flu :(
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
With regard to #Art and #Architecture ... enjoying the dialogue between + on issues surrounding
Time for #DEXTER! Love this show!
Okay... To much like Twilight. Tanned guy and vampire going after same guy... o.o
this is unreal, Lincecum clearly can't find the strike zone and the Brewers are still swinging away, just brutal
Keeping #ANC up-to-date every day #FF:
Apparently someone wants to rape my children.
i'm pretty close to having enough for an ebook…40k words...
Thanks for the follow!
At a party at Gloria Swanson's old house. View from roof is outrageous 360 of LA. I love this city.
stop with that :)! It's me that's blessed
love it :)
who didn't respond?
good job garrison
Awesome. Come back soon. RT Introduced to the world of Thai today. was a great first experience.
Sending out positive vibes and gratitude into the Twitterverse. Have a wonderful day!
I get my degree this year, I'm starting my first film, I'm getting a new place, and I'm writing. Good year: )
Nice 5k! PS. Has my constant cheering support of your #runstreak gotten annoying yet?
You been down wit me from day one, never gave up on me, im so #Blessed to have you in my life. Ima the world know who really makes me happy.
Can you feel how envious I am over here!! Look for my brother. He's going.
ADM Directors Approve Change to Calendar-Year Financial Reporting, Declare Cash Dividend
kicking ass on
We'll be working to put presentation materials online after mtg; also look for videos of selected sessions.
So probly woke up to like 5bil. Notifications From me commentin on his pics ;D
I could seriously go for 's honey & BBQ sauce grilled asparagus right now!!!
: RT At press conf. announcing Aspire program helps MI students graduate and prep. for workforce.
RT : "Make the most of yourself, because that’s all there is of you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
BIW supporting on Tuesday in London at #excel , plenty to talk about, we help lots of public sector clients.
"I was to blind to see that you were too deaf to hear me."
we're big fans of live tweeting sporting events, leading the conversation around a game
; sure, whatever you say. :P
well i better quit the limes ... LOL hope you're having a great day
word!! I hope it goes well bro!
lolol NO resist the urge!
I replied
Thanks for the RT. Have a lovely day :)
i could helpp :/ maybe pick out a few shirts that you like & i'll try to choose from them? :)
what up fam!! Yu ready for this #CrackHouse video!?
Casting ocean city commercial today in oc & rehobeth for details & to audition email pic to All types
I know bro It did look like the dale
Application to Graduate in December 2012: Submitted.
petty little girls I swear. She wanna talk shit and not back it up, bitch get to stepping if you ain't bout nothing
Happy B-Day to the "King of Pop" Michael Jackson
It's awesome, but cuz of all the spoilers, I expected more -.-
still trying to figure out how to add friends to my Google+ account! LOL
RT Steinberg effectively kills #AB1208, controversial bill 2 strip courts' control of it's funding. Says he won't refer bill.
how many people call you nigguh? really.....
Happy Halloween! Everyone please be safe
Not the days I look forward to at work
RT : sure I will do a and #dccodeathon session at #TCamp2010 ! thank u for asking!
Happy "Day before Cinco De Mayo Day" everyone! May the 5th be with you...tomorrow.
Andy Rooney: I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
AJ Pierzynski makes me look well-adjusted.
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at
Amazing show last night! Between the rockin music & swag to the awesome line itself-LOVED it!
Rain rain go away!
Have decided......only thing missing from that last photoshoot was a motorcycle....and with that image...*Drools, Faints, Dies!*
leaking the ads creates buzz, traffic to website.
Just saw #TheAvengers. I know I can be one for hyperbole, but honestly that was one of the coolest movies I have ever seen.
Remember we went to the Burgh to visit your fam and your mom handed me a broom and said"take care of this for me"
Bring it on!
I agree.
moving to the coffee capital of America is not going to help you. Oh jeez.
I need a girl with a fat fucking juicy ass in my life .......
RT": I cant listen to a whole album full of Dolph.">>> hell naw!
likewise. Thank you for putting that on. was so great. I really had a blast!
Charles Blow's column: slashing Earned Income Credit (as you did) jumps poverty from 16% to 18%. Children-18.2% to 22.4%. Angry.
that's about the sweetest thing I've heard all day!
what is it, what is it?
Contact the Pitmaster at (512) 771-7357 to cash in the deal!
Who else has an obsession with 's cover of Born This Way/Express Yourself ?
I happen to like your distinctive laugh. Should be the 'National Laugh"? LOL
I know.. Bit of a break for me before I return to licensing contracts, donation projects & my own office work.
#FF Author of "Lot: How Real Estate Came To Own Us," an enlightening look at the financial crisis.
who's in the Bay area ??
Pep is playing around with that sweater collar, he knows it's getting tense.
I was with him! We were probably yelling about life and frightened you off.
I feel like I have excluded twitter from my life......well....life with no twitter=no life...therefore...I was dead. :D
Just heard the song Savior by for the first time. Genius.
Testing the Twitter Transission
hey good to 'see' you! sorry the cued up songlist is twitting out of sync, doing catch up
Jiddu Krishnamurti~ Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
think the world is entertained with my energies... it loves it x>;D
I love that I can be myself when I talk to you.. :)
If you brew your own beer, make sure you talk about the process loudly at any party you go to. SO INTERESTING!
Enjoying and The Power of Erma
I wanna be a fly on that wall!
Oh my hair is not cute>:o
hell yea
Practice by drake (: my song
Thanks for liking our video!
Gas went up .51 cents today. Fuck that. That must be why my ass hurts.
I see I'm gonna have to do something big
Rmber all those things u said to me how I was the most important thing in your life how you would nvr let me go well look at me now im alone
I don't like to wait around either. Express Lube can service most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
then the weekends you're busy going to parties haha
Looking forward to drinking some green beer today.. Happy St Patricks day to one and all!!
I want to borrow slides from Dracula in FRBR Terms on Slideshare to include in a video I'm making, FRBR for the Rest of Us.
ill bet someone knows stole her iphone.
has it's first worship gathering in a long time tomorrow night at 8 pm! Worship with us in the City Room!
Damn O didn't take you long to jump off the bandwagon !!! 32-2 not to bad !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!!
I'm going!
Agreed! RT : and were great blackjack company at
you is so beautiful #Rawrr <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I have some that semi-dismiss hard work I've done by saying I'm "very smart" as if that made everything a total breeze.
Combat intelligence gathering exercises on the Muchraka on mount Carmel
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
Who needs to eat when you can have a #ManiPedi instead?!
are you by your computer???
"Obama Accused Of Treason At Romney Event" #huffpost For being a Hawaiian citizen!
good grief
Fuck youtube advertisements
Do you subscribe to the CrossFit Journal? There's a great article that Greg Amundson wrote.
skype me today chump...
I'm the next sinbad let's show CBS we can do this, all of u r on my team.success or nothing!!!!
“: As it turns out, does not age. Mama's rockin' it out, looking amazing!" You can't be serious.
Methinks the 80/20 rule applies to BRE focus too. 20% (probably less) of firms contributing majority of econ growth.
The audience clapped @ the end of #the avengers
No I meant door. Maybe I just thought the door handle was fancy, but I thought the door was too.
Sweet!! Will send later...so excited:) enjoy your day.:)
I heard the bell on Jelli! ....Big money, big money, no whammies, Stop!!!!!
goyte does not sound like mumford and sons. gtfo my pandora -_-
Me to, lets hang out.
LOL IM MAD AS HELL
woo hoo!! I agree! I cant wait! Where are you going?
Did you inbox zero just in time for the weekend?
Amped Wireless UA2000 High Power Wireless-N Directional Dual Band USB Adapter - wifi adapter
108k with 4 left. One guy has all the chips.
Angela Merkel just saw her pal lose his job
Agreed. I wouldn't switch. That tweet was more intended as a good-natured poke at fanboys
watching the Puppy Bowl VI with Bambi...getting ready for the Super Bowl...Colts vs. Saints...Go Colts!
AYE YO PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I'M ON TWEET LIMIT.
can yall please hurry..I'm sweatingout here and it's nasty!!
Things I didn't know when I woke up this morning: tiny country Uruguay is 1 of 7 countries to EVER win the
Will totally post baby hummer pics when they hatch.
I wouldn't hold that against them. :-)
WTF was I thinking!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it
you know I always have a hug ready for you.
I'm sag can you use me
It's been near 80 years since the U.S soccer team beat Italy. Klinsmann definitely gets the seal of approval
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep~Thomas De Quincey
Definitely gave an amazing performance in #TheAvengers . He was devious in all the right ways. Bravo sir!
Happy birthday to me(: haha
We beat Jets game one, in NY :-)
The hardest thing to do these days is prolly giving a fuck
We're giving away tickets Come and get em!
Don't kiss me kiss my penis
Definitely. I've never been to a movie that got more constant, visceral reactions from the audience.
Hey, Brett. I'm looking at your crowd sourcing iOS text editor spreadsheet. I don't want to mess anything up...
I had to listen twice due to his accent but I like everything about Kwaku. Thanks.
yeah, I'm with y'all. Might get to see one in lex in sept! :) & at least we know we'll see beats at forecastle<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Oddly Amtrak is way more anal about checking tickets that Metrolink. Maybe they take that money and use it for safety.
On twitter, I make myself sound like I always want food. x]
#continuingtweet... No matter what team it is hahaha
Not sure if yr DM is sarcastic. Didn't post anything on Patience yet, sadly. Big translation/proofreading project came through.
hope u feel better:) you are in my prayers
lmaooo that was my breaking point
Just got done muddin @ Hog Waller now it's Timmy Time:)
yeah boo boo ;) be tannin it up! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
rolling on second action !!
what Is that. I think I just vomited a little
Israel Ambassador to the US, Michael Oren, on Colbert...love it!
#foodallergies.. are tocopherols soy-derived? Great question.. I have NO idea~
NOPE real twin
This Heat game is serious as fuh
Team members don't have 2 b perfect, they just have 2 b the best they can b. That's my definition of a winning attitude. -Mike Krzyzewski
#smbmad FYI for the next event this is the correct hashtag.
Oats, peas and beans and barley....grow on farms that set up at Scottsville Farmers Market. Check us out til 7:30 this evening. ;)
i already followed lol can i get a follow back please :)
Let Computer Works 360 save you up to 80% on your IT and phone costs if you are a 501(c)3 Organisation.
NATIONAL NURSES WEEK | POEATREEMAN on Xanga
I think this is the part where Braun hits a homer and everyone goes to bed happy
Retribution! And, do you know the zoo keepers monkeys too!
.. and getting all set up back home. thats why. my skills have not suffered.
As we wrap up #FashionShow2012, we are deeply grateful for the outpouring of support from our sponsors, volunteers, and community members!
Even if it scares you, you still need to know.
see you december 3rd :') you're coming to my town!! this is crazy! nothing fun ever happens here!
and how can we expect them to use it responsibly if we don't model it for them?
I just wrote and sent my first query letter. Excuse me while I go throw up now...
I have a crush on a player oh
Pretty sure they played NCAA teams. And I bet ANYONE before the tournament would say Dayton over Lehigh
Today's affirmation: I am a special, unique person with much to offer the world.
Thanks GMO Kumagai-san answered my question about "Lady's first", I will start taking action to change myself from today.
I say go with the second pair.
#DontBeScared , Irene probably won't wipe me off the map. Probably.
The 're heeeeerrre...
"Sullinger thought there was contact" And water is wet...
hahahahahhahahahahahaha (evil laugh)
are you going to #TheLazyDog Friday?
The dream team if there ever was 1! MT A #FF of some of my favs
follow me back ayanda
I'm having a love affair with this italian beef sandwich.
"you smell like handled change"
Wife: I had no idea u'd be running an ultramarathon. Me: It was an easy 34mile run. Her: Running 34 miles should never be easy.
Where can one buy this breadless clam chowder you speak of?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Reality check
that chick gotta name!!!
You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
inbox is at 13
My tummy is grumbling, time for lunch... fast food today. Not healthy... bad me.
It is already Sunday...
Playing with someone's feelings
RT : According to KY3inSpringfield, there's 1 reported casualty in Buffalo due to tornado damage. Most of Buffalo&Branson w/o power
#Celtics down by 13 points, 45-32, with 3:38 left in second quarter. Read 's last tweet to see what that means...
I really miss you , I hope you realize that , but we're not gonna be away from each other forever , just till next weekend (;
Have you ever googled yourself? Crazy the shit that pops up!
As great as it was to watch the Broncos knock the Steelers out, I still think it would have been better for the Ravens if the steelers won.
Been a stormy morning in #nwi so far.
Got a girlfriend now :))
you are mister rogers.
I just survived going cross country with my mother wedged in the middle seat between complaints & complacency.
5 more likes until we hit 500! Share with your friends, family, co-workers, & strangers!!! Let's hit 500 today!
“: city girls > country girls” lie.
I only do it one way, Big or I don't do it at all!
Beam Me Up Scotty!!!! Theres No Intellegent Life On This Planet.
God....that didn't come out right.
I live in Vegas. Boyd casinos are old and no longer cool. Station Casinos are the future for off strip
Haha it's only natural to be biased in that situation.
rise and shine..
My new ringtone freaks me out! It came with my theme!:o
Thx John. Hope your trip to High Point was good... your booth is going to be awesome I know...
Kept waiting for part where relationship goes sour, realization protagonist wld have been better off w a Kindle/no book 2 write in
I GIVE UP IN SCHOOL. I HATE IT.
hey... how do you like a tweet?
The best part about the first of the month is changing the calendar page.
which is something you are great at! Maybe we should talk...
Yo hello twitter!!! I guess there's a first time for everything. Cheers to my first "tweet"
gonna be awesome
M I love Aveda.
But fuck who you want and fuck who you like;) Miss you
No. No no. My TL
Remember one thing this week: Ted Bundy was a Husky.
hahah yea that's not gunna happen
RT if you lurk Justin's tweets (;
Lolol that girl is cute O.o ??
If you haven't seen our new location come today we have lots of new hats,shoes & eye wear (:
no worries bro! All good over here, got a few new projects I'm working on...how things with you?
#TarheelNation great season!
If you know me you know i be thinking franklins .
Mink Tonight 21+ 903 E Bitters
Did you know? Goodyear Rubber Company researched and concluded that shoes wear out faster on the right foot than the left! (ok?!)
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and trash the chips!
spelling doesn't count w kissing
Good night! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Had a great lunch today with & Who knew the 'panini amore' from Dickey's on I Street was so infamous?
What’s your best trick for getting into a club first?
944 has a brand-new, REVISED editorial calendar for the rest of 2011! Lots of cool changes! Email me at for the new version!
thx for another great event!! Learned lots & made some great connections
Yesterday was the last day of my academic break and today begins "break" (still away from DC, but studying). Not happening.
Nice - First I have heard of it! Shows how much I'm paying attn to Twitter lately! Can't make it :(
Clemens? Zapp & Roger? Roger Rabbit? My dad? Lol RT U are the only Rodger that I've ever heard of.
Short hiatus for the holiday, but we're back next week...you guys want a written workout for home?
Rest in Peace my sweet Aunt Louise. Matthew 11: 28-30
i wish today was a day me , kaitlyn & could have our girls day :/
We do all we can for our kids. We put them first and they know it. Our employees should view their leaders in just the same way.
Love that suggestion, but when we tried to do that for a friend in October, they wouldn't give us one because it was a weekend.
Coming up at 7:30 new guidelines reveal how smaller amounts of lead are dangerous for children. Tune into the
Maximize your plan design simplicity and pay on results, not activities adds
fck u bitch....im studying too...last exam then summer...ima hit u up after its over
Social Media integration in the Latin music industry used it during
Reebok toning shoes refunds for all!
Yes! a most awesome mind/body movement form. engaging your chi is healthy and fun!
I can let you know later today!RT : Yes let's! I will be in the office on Wednesday, how about you?
Does the Bundesliga's new $3.3B 4yr contract position them to surpass La Liga?
*smacks my lips* just had ta fck up the mood !
Workin on new originals and covers!! :)
"Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle."
#NBA - OKC #Thunder G James Harden named NBA Sixth Man of the Year
Got caught
you've become what I hate, sold yourself for a bit of fame
Does anyone has a good suggestion on how to consolidate contacts? It is getting un-manageable
Museums have their own #ryangosling #heygirl site. Where's the "Sh*t museum people say" video, already?
Check out our story on #Syria tmrw night on the premier of #Rock Center with Brian Williams. reports.
Be yourself.
That is technically a crate, but the puppies are very cute.
immediate death.
There is something very perfect about my 1 month old sleeping on my chest while watching the 1st place
Nw : the hustle charlie murphy "Darkness"
at 12.5% they really sharpened their pencils
Hey :) how are you, hope you had a great weekend and I hope you're doing well!! Miss you!! Take care!! Much love!!
ok. do you have a recording of the tune?
I forgot to ask you today if you're all caught up on Glee now?
Clinched the win in my fantasy super bowl last night
I hate being sleepy
“Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.” -- George Washington
coo I can't complain. U?
Apple store in Waikiki
my friend is a "disaster a day" junkie. they actively seek rack & ruin & are happy about it. they believe - world ends in 2012 anyway.
Great Southern Bank Assumes Deposits and Purchases Assets of Maple Grove, Minn ... - MarketWatch (press release)
not yet, but I have a feeling its going to be spectacular
Just had a nice flip-off sesh with another driver. That's my yoga.
So Who is a fan of the new FB Timeline?
In class about to take a test. I'm extremely tired lol.
Listening to Chris Standring, sounding good, very Smooth Jazz...
I'm not sure what we'll learn today, but I'm sure we'll learn something!
Heading to North Georgia mountains to cool-off for the weekend. Hoping for some cold weather!
Just found out my new friend, Thunder, died. His family is so sad, and I am so very sad for them. (:<)
: Oh yeah! People have been saving space for centuries!
“: #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I realize my 10 year old cousin has a better phone than most of my 16 year old friends. Wtf :S”what?
Oh wow " sexy and I know it " by LMFAO is #2 on much music countdown :( but on the upside "haven't had enough" is #3 :)
This salted caramel white mocha from is divine. I think I have a favorite drink for almost every season!
r u back from Bahamas yet?! Or r u never returning ??
oatmeal chocolate chip cookie might be the tastiest thing ever made
I do too c:
no I haven't. I will have to check it out next time!
erroneous on all accounts, Kobe has 17 triple doubles in career. Killed it tonight
Awareness brings us back to the present moment.
I just had that and it was so good
YES! You're officially one of the #dtla foodie crowd, now.
The Guidonian Hand is performing Conrad Winslow's Dilating Music at Juilliard, Paul Hall, Mon Oct 19 8pm
“: The Educator’s Guide to Copyright, Fair Use, and Creative Commons http:/ /bit.ly/xEEVJK via ”
I know. I have to tone it down on here b/c of the activism. Lol.
what are you talking about?
We know not everyone is comfortable baring themselves for a traditional massage - but at sanctuate! there's no need to undress to destress.
Dishes, then going to lay down & watch the game.
just followed
Deep cries out to deep cries out to you.
abdomen stitches are the worst! So easy to rip open. Hope you recover soon. Glad they caught it early.
It was dispatched and Fire truck is treating. A second medic unit has been requested for another person with a laceration.
you should follow me and for tweeting you in school <3
#ThreeWordsAfterSex - Bang Bang Bang
Anyone out drinking in the north hills tonight?
yea! That would be bad ASS if you really could. No worries tho. Were gonna try n get a show out there this summer.
What do you think of our new profile pic?
Okay fellow cataloguers for medium line of a work with typewritten elments, would it read "Typewriter ink" or "Typewritten ink" ?
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate when they get the tears and screaming, it's not necessary
What's your high score(s) on Flick Kick?
Ran 2 miles+ today, because it is National Running Day!
I don't know of it's available in English or online, worth a search.
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Vagina Network.. Follow me
Days like this make me especially proud to be a prof. Looking forward to hooding 2 of my doctoral students. Congrats Drs. Neville & Ludwig
oh didn't even notice. well, yay internet, everyone's a winner today. (also, on internets, look at my latest tweet)
Are you guys all ready for #JaneLeno?!
Just found I have a photoshoot with in June!!!!
That was my plan (+ or -) but some customers have suggested author (which seems fraught with peril). Thanks!
I love a bit of goalies punching goalies! Haha
The transcript is actually right there on the website haha
thanks for following!
You're welcome! Your stuff is beautiful!
Thanks for the #ff!
Apparently he has, GOP certainly is over-run with "Selective" Memory of past. Amazing how they transfer their mistakes to PBO
I'd set it to my ringtone. But then I'd just expect bad news all the time.
Fccrs...u fcc her u brought her!! Lmao
Had an amazing weekend with my one true love and now I wanna start this week and get it over with so stoked for high school to be done with!
Guild Wars 2 Collector Edition looks sweet!
I tore ligaments in my hand playing wall ball. I was 23 at the time
Hamilton won AL Player of the Week. You should be mad at Beltran!
Hey Ted. Will you be in F same time as usual? I have money to give ya for book of mormon.
Madonna number 1 on billboard charts, beats out lionel richie. What year is this?
I thought people like you were called "fruits".
its bday tonight
hello sisters! Just getting started with my workout.
Money rules the world, bitches make the world go around
go for another chimichanga haha :D
looks like a fucking moron. Unreal
Party later on! But not excited at all o:
is killing it on the back 9 at saddleback. 3 Pars and a birdie to start
more homework. with a side of football.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ~Albert Einstein
"Im still in my prime " - Lil Wayne
"Don't let anyone talk you out of your portion of JOY."
please follow me i love you.
Would you like to send condolences to Janeen's family? Click below to View the Service Information, Sign the Guestbook or share a...
Confucius Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
nm, u spelled beautiful wrong thoughh
- in spite of the "Yikes!" I assume that "Congratulations!" are in order.
“Goodbye? Oh, no, please. Can’t we go back to page one and do it all over again? –Pooh”
Amen. Sup, you?
Blanco gets an IF hit to break up the no-no and the perfect, and puts Friedrich in the stretch for the first time all night
definitely coming for #TBWII festivities, but do not have tickets to game yet.
Happy Mothers Day.
Man on the phone with his bookie on the bus next to me?
The 44? What, are you coming over to my house?
nice. I love jeeps
#newarrivals premium dark denim for women & men to update your wardrobe. Men's department has new dress and sport shirts for work and play!
woe! I just graduated from barbizon. Its a blast!!! Hope you make it :)
Hahaha RT : "Hey, I'm going to ask you a question and then disagree with your answer" - 98% of the people on Earth
I think against your will is more exciting, for me atleast...
Happy Mother's Day! You deserve a medal ;)
I HATE when people subtweet talking shit say the persons name in your tweet if you got something to say
I thought Harden traveled
We all say "fuck you mom" "i hate you mom" "get out of my life mom" but really, we love our moms, and couldnt live without them.
hey beautiful!!
I love to cook. Even though I only cook ramen or indomie..I feel like when I cook
Let's show america y we are the champions
Just met this morning with Aaron Schock (R-IL), at 28 the youngest member of Congress. R's in IL believe he's on his way up.
GO Fanny pack!!
Who dat? Who dat? Are you ready for some football????
According to Bremer: Valencia has one of if not the best arm at 3B in MLB. Interesting. He doesn't even have the best 3B arm in this game.
and btw, me and watched it once, then we wanted you to watch it the second time.
Watermelons for practice.
First stop on the red solo cup tour The Stage on Broadway
“ - ppl sayin they're above the influence of smokin weed but are quick to take a shot or buy a bottle of vodka ...”
In other news, 2014 Butler target Trevon Bluiett scored 30 points in Park Tudor's win.
Authentic Reggae Lovers...see you at the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest show THIS SUNDAY. Yellowman,Marcia Griffiths,Freddie Mcgregor and more
What The...?! What the fuck just happened? o.0
People that buy brand new cars... seem like flat out idiots to me!
Thanks for the plug, buddy. Really been hitting the non-profit sector hard the last few months. Will you make it to this event?
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. ~Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
thanks for following(:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!
If you are in Real Estate add me on Linkedin to network
thx for the love! :-)
The aqward moment wen the door says pull but u push and hit ur self hard!
Gonna be a busy weekend!!! Excited about it though
buzy was in Vegas #CES2012 so was bieber and scooter now got 3 hrs of sleep wake up at 3:30 back in la doing this Aussie event
Look for our student editor panel at the NCTE Annual Conference 11/19/11! Top Editors will discuss the PHS submissions and editing process.
Thanks for the RT
haha I noticed!!!!!
Shucks. I'm going to go next Friday; I'm sans wheels tonight and BS is not going my way. If you still have my card, email me!
Headed to ! Gonna hear some excellent musicians and play a couple songs too.
Deaf, dumb and blind. "I get money"
next time were say hi to each other ;)
Thanks Shelley! :-)
Super excited to shoot with Blake Robbins and a bunch of other amazingly talented peeps this weekend!!
I love how is on the "stay in school" commercial from State Farm....the guy who never went to college #ironic?
fair enough. I really will try!
yeah I did..I miss you too..I heard that the new guy won't let u come back..I'm mad about it..you can come to mine tho
Ah, one of my favorite neighborhoods. I hope they tear the whole mess down -- it's horrible.
Great moments come from great opportunities.
All these different types of tablets out there, and none of them do what I want! :(
In high school they use to call me Pablo the first!!! I still got it;)
Yep but she will be amazing! :)
Everyone looks so sweaty all the time on DEXTER. It reinforces my decision to retreat from humidity.
THE BEST! I enjoyed your tweet about the Lannister family motto :)
I think I do, if it was a cute contest, I think you would win tho , I'll give you that one xP
#ReasonsWhyILoveMyself I dont follow other peoples paths, i make my own:)
Way down deep, I'm really very shallow with a very deep end.
am I allowed to follow you back, because last time I checked I'm not even allowed inside you?
Jordan's Hitler 'stache migrated to a soul patch & has a jheri curl. Morph into 1 person & become the ultimate 70's porn star.
Aw yea GM
no problem!
OMG my wrist is killin me
Love you too.
She say freestyle so she can learn how to spit
Yav yav yav it up. Summit is less than 12 hours away.
Big Bill offers his expertise to any attendees of the G8 Summit in May. Angela Merkel, call me if you need a plus-one at the banquet!
Yes he should be.
yea buddy
Pingstagram seems cool. I pinned a photo but it didn't go back to the image or name the person. Not sure why.
wtf? You no getz sushi too? That no fair
Chun: "Nobody googles your name more than you do."
we are at Maggie's place watching basketball too! Heading out after the Kansas game.
You too.
It's 4am and final race prep has begun
I know I talk about fashion an style a lot but there's other parts to me as well. I LOVE SNACKS an mini cookies or baby cookies. Lol
My gym schedule: Monday - cardio. Tuesday - weights. Wednesday - bike. Thursday - 5 week break. Repeat.
No. Cool. What category? What place?
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Packed up, ready to go!
My boyfriend scolding Bank of America on the phone for their sneaky evil is a beautiful thing.
This account will be closed in November. Please follow my main account ZTAMS Thanks!
my other roommate (theres 4 total) told me she was our 4th haha
Anyone have a gluten-free solution for burritos? My boyfriend can't eat flour tortillas. This hurts my heart. Help!!!
ha!! You really think I have went 16 years without watching that at least 47 times? It made my day because I got the reference.
happy birthday girl. Cant wait to have you visit LV again!!
I actually have a story about tin foil hats... but I can't seem to dig up the old newspaper article.
My bro thinks he's doctor phil asking me plenty questions I don't mind but I don't wanna deal with all that right now
What's your major? =)
Rainy day with the little ones, about to watch some classic Disney movies
Strangest/most informative caller ever this morning. 140 characters is not enough to explain this enigmatic man. Ask me about it IRL.
4 years later and I'm still ardently avoiding spoilers for The Wire. It's time to resume my viewing. Season 3, I'm coming for you.
BRAZILIEBERS NEED DR BIEBER uhm, wasnt he just there?
I'm sorry , but is just butt-ugly.
i Gotta Big 40Cal IAH SHOOT You Up
Good night Twitter Family; 5:45 A.M. comes fast, quick, and in a hurry.
Yes, we do indeed get to watch the greatest 2nd baseman in baseball play in Yankee pinstripes!
Today great HHr great food, great music ,great place, stop by after work and enjoy!
"blue flu" has hit the east side of detroit" cops to residents that rely on them for protection: "FUCK YOU!"
buy your own lights. you can make your own light show
Why do girls picks places to eat in #Boston that don't have Cheap #Beers? I refuse to pay $10 for 2 beers!! Get a 18 pack of #PBR for $10:)
whoa! my pay chq is 1 day early!!
So mentally tired but hoping to power my way through Zumba tonight
Damn you plague. Damn you. Home bound and ill - day 2. Who has the time or $$ for this? Looking for a strong rally tomorrow!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight Only on LATalkRadio.com!
thank you!
Stromboli has one of my fave slices. Also loved that service window with fold up stainless counter. Saw them drop a whole pie once.
It's not too late! We'll still have water bottles, chocolates, and buttons to giveaway for the next 75 minutes.
On my way to in Jeff City to see my co-workers but miss watching the #Packers game.
My Son >> "This is gonna hurt Dad, so you might wanna stand back very closely" LoL
yeah baby the BULLS are kickin it
Imma keep it real FOR LIFE!!!
Brandon Marshall for 2 3rd round picks. Ill take that anyday.
I need to start handing out my cards no.disrespect it should be a crime for women to.walk around looking like they do smmfh!!!!! @ yall
I'm going to celebrate Daughter's Day on Mother's Day bc there R LOTS of us out there who had 2 swap roles early in life! Here's to US!!
please follow me?:)
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
#ifIHadaDragon I'd be really, really rich.
Ma'am. You are gorgeous.
thanks! My wife has an iPhone 4s as well, I am just torn between android and ios... decisions... lol
I got a new iPhone 4s today too. It's been a good day!
Thank you! I'm also a card carrying Slow Food member. :)
sorry they dont
i am seriously tired 0_0 lol!
#Np Asking Alexandria- Another Bottle Down. :3
When the night is fallen,and you cannot find a life.Feel your dreams are dyin,hold tight..
zimmerman is hispanic
Say what?
#iamamentor because it provides meaning in my life and the lives of others. Volunteer today
All for ONE & ONE for all!! Vote yes to
About to sit in watch Twilight and see if I feel any different about it...
Next week is gonna be so weird going to all our classes in one day.
RT Today's the day! New uniforms being unveiled at 4pm!
my dads stupid -_______________-
Making each step higher than the last...
can u get me and 7 girls a table this Saturday?
The guy next to me at the #dcaddys is getting upset because is cleaning house.
whatever you say pal lol
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. ~Carl Jung
So if David Stern publicly comments about flopping and how it needs to stop...what sort of secret agenda does he have?
How do you differentiate between accepting a life style and respecting a lifestyle?
RT : Get ready! Tonight LIVE IN THE STUDIO comics superstar ! 8-11 PM EST! wfmu.org! RT this!
: thanks babe:)
i am a licensed bureaucracy detective (not for hire).
Sunday funday continues ...
Michael jordan Airfare * Shoes for Football | Sharing Reviews ...
RT : wasn't that a movie with Jack Lemon and Goldie Hawn #prollynot / Think I missed it, if it was.
You don't have to, but it would definitely help.
i'm shocked i haven't heard more buzz that incubus is going to be in #crew96 stadium soon- i know i'm not the only one excited, right?
it's a dog eat dog world!!! Lol!!!
is now averaging 2.3 cups of tears on the season - definitely putting him as a shoe in for all-time playoff tears leader soon.
loved the italian style wedding soup!!!
or striking thoughts on the state of our education system.
follow me...we gonna rep philly 2 def....
A day of rest and birds beneath dark clouds.
Turn on txt notifications
cool. i'm plugged in, i'll be paying attention.
Watch out for those hard stops. Easier to do than you think, esp in city driving.
When same sex-marriage takes over the world, where will the babies come from? #GayMarriage nobama
you can reach me at kelly.meeker (at) opensesame (dot) com - happy to help!
Does anyone else notice an abundance of zip lines in the #superbowl commercials?
#ifweweretogetherrightnow i'd be able to sleep.
Kids thought it was funny that librarians across globe were freaking out that #noodletools was down today, but they looked concerned too!
Is it me or olive garden service is horrendous?
May the 4th be with you
Q7: Your blog & Twitter page don't mean you know everything. Know your role, ask a lot of questions, meet a lot of ppl, be a sponge.
RT : Alternative fix 4 sweaty feet: sprinkle sage into ur shoes. A dash of these dry, crumbled leaves often does the trick.
Why does autocorrect change "oy" to "it"?
wat is it that I have to do
Definitely Tunnel Bar - great scotch.
Hey everyone! check our facebook for a rough demo of one of our songs! We're recording again soon, please give us feedback :)
Hit Like if you did 30 fitness minutes (or more) today!
Congratulations to the Austin Marathon winners! Great run today!
where do u want me to take you?
Hm maybe I'll just buy my bike tires from someone else...
I'm forever destined to give more than I get. And that breaks my heart.
RT @ ScienceChannel calling all #Firefly fans! marathon today on the !
Can Lebron win it real quick tho?
shouts to for being a most loyal follower haha
happy 4th july
Yesterday's black viewing was the first 2 episodes of season 2 of "My Wife & Kids" I forgot how funny that show was.
Tuesday Growler Smack Down Pricing: Bring 1 to fill for $10, bring 2 to fill for $9 each, 3 for $8 each, 4 or more for $7 each
#33 Very cool guy..Love following you and reading your tweets :)
Thank ya! #yourethecatspajamas ;)
1 Week till BC & VAIL. Plan to meet in Denver.
You're a good friend with a crazy memory....
Today's the big day. I'm about to flunk my first ever driver's test.
Thank you, Heather!
Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year! ;-)
okay! definitely (:
Harrington Center will be closing at 7pm to allow for preparations for a weekend wrestling tournament
AWESOME! Love the fact that Real Madrid lost out on the Champs League final. Mourinho must be hot.....
Borderline asexual.
Jason and thomas
im def not a twitter whore like u. Acting like ur shit dont stank. Takes a hoe to know one. Besides I have a life outside this
<U+2665> 3 words, 8 letters, 3 syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, One emotion, Many meanings, A big lie, Yet a rare truth: "I L<U+24DE><U+24E5><U+24D4> YOU"<U+2665>
But what about Woods? RT : And Matt Kuchar (-13) is your PLAYERS champion after a final-round 70!
Robots. We're robots.
so airlines keeping friend on phone hold for over an hour now. canceled fight without notice. avoid them.
thanks buddy.
I got a wireless HP printer, a few blue ray DVD players & some other random stuff... Nothing to major tho...
Off from work like YEA BITCH; lol I'm ignorant
Enjoying my first lunch from sign Thai using goboxpdx.com
Yeah, I'm reactivating my FB. I'm so bored.
Flashclash up next... #SXSW2012 free American Coney Island at Palm Door, beer, Cake Bites, McClures Bloody Marys, Valentine Vodka and more!!
It’s not information overload, it’s filter failure. Clay Shirky. We’re the filter.
Did he find the dog under the table
Congratulations to on his college commitment to Miami of Ohio. A former LA Select, Ryan is captain of the LA Jr. Kings 16U team
really ??? Discounted Big Macs and Large Fries? lol
really loving your responses RE: my Q "In my dream museum..." Especially "there's lots of cake & it comes alive at night"
see you tomorrow best friend love you!!!
so tired of trying to impress people, tired of being nice to people and them not caring. time to find REAL friends
My new friend took me to chipotle before work. Not my fav spot but what she ordered was aight if I may say so. Working all weekend but more
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment.
Why not Guest Bartend? Get your Charity and run our bar!
Just took a bunch of fifth graders to the front steps of school so we could watch the space shuttle Enterprise fly up the Hudson. Awesome.
Who the hell has the last name World Peace?
I wish I had an iphone or other web-enabled phone for
RT Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake whole relationships #Worstway #Unity << shocking revelation
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." Psalm 145:8
Good morning twitter.
it was such a great start for me as well, thanks for being there!
we need one more this period
2011 will bring exciting things for my peeps, accent-wise. Lots planned. Unveiling in a few months. Have a safe New Year's Eve.
Thanks thoroughly enjoyed it! We'll be back. Very cool place and yummy chow I even liked the brussel sprouts.
Today is Dallas Field Trip day with my parents, complete with food truck lunch. I'm look at you
I gotta do what I gotta do
Last night was awesome.
Speaker started with a great video then moved to staring at his computer, reading a paper w/o any visual... Sigh
Apologies! Am in SF on biz and haven't had an opportunity to log into twitter until now. What's your tomorrow afternoon like?
Come by tonight to try some Killer Cocktails at the NEW Blossoming Lotus Bar and Lounge ~ Meet the folks at the Lotus that Make it all real
She's a lil monster!!! Where the wild 1's go, lol:)RT : The party can start now that Milania has arrived!
Last exam of the semester tomorrow! Let's do this!
I get in the car to head to the Gym and on the radio is Adele. Get back in the car to leave the Gym the radio is playing Adele
#STILLLAKERSNATION WED. LETS GET IT!!!
Happy Days - 22 July 2011 - Jacksonville SHRM, at their regional Annual HR Conference, awarded me their Human Resources Professional of th…
is uber gay... go bak already and fire this dumbass CEO
"Got my Middle Finger Up, With a Cup and a Dutch Split; Hand on My Nuts while I'm Wildin Out in Public"
wr2 v. Brown earl bennett or m. Williams tb. Ppr. Thx at gym on iheart radio.
Before 24 hours ago, I thought "shagging" meant something completely different.
Got three hops plants today to plant in the backyard!
This is the twitter of the Bench Player Sports' favorite Reno Bighorns player. We hope to interview him next week sometime.
Strategy meeting with Let's make it happen!
Right now, Im just like..fuck your feelings, its YOUR turn to get the shit played out of you..Im going back to the old me.
true story: once found Olivia newton John TAPE in his SATURN
word what yall hiring for? Im bout to come by there today! lol
is on FIRE playing the Vivaldi with ! Amazing.
Typical #ManU coming through in the clutch!
It's a case of the sign snatchers. Better call CrimeStoppers.
Work hard,get better everyday so the last year=the best year of ur life + u can look forward to getting better each day. ~Lynn Swan
Has anyone noticed Wisconsin jobs haven't gone up much because firms unsure of political outcome? Anyone, ANYONE?
Wrong day to wear suede.
billy madison
I second that motion.
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Excited my last movie was accepted into a major film festival! Now I just need a plane ticket and hotel accommodations! :)
Midnight manicures and watching The Office. Maybe 10:30PM coffee wasn't a good idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sushi craving fulfilled :D
new tracks comin to u real son
Sometimes givin' someone a second chance is like givin them an extra bullet for their gun becuz they missed you the first time.. ( -__- )
Don't care who you vote for, JUST DO IT! Many Americans gave their lives, so we can peacefully decide who governs. There is no excuse.
Glad that's your world. In my world...there is nothing better. It's my favorite thing.
good night! Thanks for a great weekend!
My god, I love The West Wing. I love it so much.
I think it might be too early to edit videos...more coffee!
Good morning twitter! =)
Is there an extension to add an iPhone like badge to a Firefox favicon to show updates?
The Requested & Fire From The Gods from Austin, TX tomorrow night @ The Hideaway Lounge, 1012 N Raynor, 7:00, $6! See you there ;)
This rain is not helping to get through this 6 hour class.
gracias! follow us
Slogging away. Y'know, sometimes prepping for travel is just as tough as the travel itself.
Dri-Fits going to and as each of them guessed one of the players first (Hyppa with Howard & Ford with Al Jefferson)
Good morning - yes. James was on the stand yesterday, yes? Is R capable mentally? Seems wobbly.
First book of the summer, finished. 29 more to go!
- Awesome site! =) We reached out to you via your blog regarding a position. Drop us a line when you can! Thanks and Go Yankees!
I miss everything about you.
RT : Ok Smiths, we are gonna follow you again now that yall are "active" tweeters!
That is going to be one amazing night!! So ready to get my tickets!! Is there a presale or anything?
but it's not perforce.
Do not call me that!
t's our pleasure to wish you a happy Customer Service Week!
we are open seven days a week there are many options available for you at the Palms Casino Resort I can put you on my guest list
Take the new expo line to the #Lakers game.
it's baby day for my family & I. Today our fourth, a girl will be here in the next couple of hours!
I find myself smiling when I watch your videos . <U+2665>
it's literally so hot in my apartment. as much as i'm going to miss where i live, i will not crappy AC in horrible DC summers.
enjoyed pictures goodnight!
I am loving #glee right now!
how you been bro ?
How about Battlestar Chill-*arctic*-a? Double chilly.
If you REALLY want to support Fair Trade, please do it ALL the way. You can't own every Apple gadget and insist on buying Fair Trade Coffee!
check out Think they're @ Tom Wood (96th/Meridian) right around ur office
winner winner KFC chicken dinner...
December's already half over...hope you have all your holiday shopping done! ;)
Love it!
Lunch plans? Come on down to 280 Martin Luther King (near Alta) from 10-2 today for a delicious cheesesteak!
hahah speaking of that rapist, he's engaged!
forgot to respond to this. Yes, that would be great! let's chat. skype?
It's both. They tried to jack up the price quoted by $3,500 and then left to get forgotten supplies at Home Depot... in SEATTLE.
Lol! My friend told her man to fuck this boy pussy during sex and he nutted! Now hes single really what a world!
It will be an early Christmas - Tomorrow night - Looking forward to spending time with my kids.
I'm hoping I can be in the same school with her.
Music makes the people happier.
I just kinda stopped caring.
Haughty and misinformed political tweet designed to be condescending to half of my followers in a passive aggressive manner.
Going really well...how are things going for you? And you are so welcome...this one was so much fun to put together! :)
This Friday $10 to get in, $10 for endless draft beer. Euclid Tavern. We're doing a promotional show! there!
“They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.”
Go Brewers! Who is staying up late to watch the game vs San Diego?
LaRussa lifting Pujols is an interesting decision.
Hollywood we never going down
I'll help you figure that out :)
Try a Chicken Soft Taco Light on your intense gym days. This little taco packs a big punch with a full 29 grams of protein!
Who's going to the showcase tonight?!
RT I still don't understand how the fuq Jordan has the most trash team in the league.
what's a fan base
Simon does! But he only dances at Bar Mitzvahs.
Have a leak around your faucet? Check to make sure all connections are tight before replacing any of your fixtures or water connections.
I'm going to New York today :)
Votes for the Hot 4 at 4? Tweet me
Thanks for the follow Expat Intelligence (expatintel)! :)
Im irritated
I really missed reading your tweets today while i was gone <3 ,
Can you follow ? (:
Everyone I know goes away in the end.
haha you got that right! :)
"approximate dates?" We are working on Oct 4th - 12th at this time, but we are flexible depending on location.
Stay positive
Just catching up to #bruno #grammys performance on dvr...u right hes a jammin shorty, w/cool red guitar n big guy w/fast moves
Out in BridgeHampton at amazing Southfork Kitchen...Chef Joe Isidori is amazing. A must try if in Hamptons
: polyphonic spree concert... not for the faint of heart.
i'm hosting Quizzo at Cranky Joe's in East Falls 2nite at 7:30. Topics are Famous Philly PPL, HBO Series, Phillies & pro wrestling history.
Retro moment of the day: I actually used a floppy disk today to load drivers. It was very nostalgic to hear the grindy-grind sound again.
We feel the same about yours! Keep the wishes flowin'!
3 Baruch Bball alumni & 1 current player created the "OneBasketball" App to give players the skills that they need to succeed on the court.
Hope you find it. www.dogslie.
ha! the 1% stacking the privileged deck.
More excited to see how Crennel operates the offense! #Chiefs. Run up the gut. Leave McCluster on the bench!
...Or QBs that can run sophisticated offenses? Your marginalization of the naysayers is absurd and patently false.
i KNOW, so soon. Plus im back on degrassi, so that adds one, and true bloods back in july
Can't stand a thirsty nigga! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
that moment when your so cold so you lay in bed to get all warm, and 2 minutes later your burnin up :(
good luck with your revival! i'll be there in spirit.
I wonder what Bella's blood must smell like to the vampires. Fried chicken? Doughnuts? Candy Canes? Maybe Starburst?
looks amazing :) hope you are having a blast!
I agree... (sigh) RT : Upon further review, Suppan still sucks
#gcyale Dempsey: We need to educate judges about tech. That's what we got right in Reno v. ACLU.
getting ready for graduation on JUNE 13TH! :D
Can't believe I watched the entire #Oscars telecast last night. 5:30 a.m. arrived too quickly. Really need my this morning!
Bitches get stitches
: I talked about this conference at one of the NML meetings. I'll report back.
Ppl be on some hating shit way to early! lol how u gone wake up mad at the world?? Be happy u even woke up!!
Thanks! We'll check it out!
Yeah it makes sense if I was using an iPad, just seemed a bit unintuitive on a desktop. Didn't know what to do at first.
Thank you for the coffee and company! I think we represented Seattle nicely in the presence of our Boston friend!
… so I'm super excited about Tuesday! Just thought I'd let you know ;P
I am a US Citizen and looking for an #expat position in #Singapore, I'm also fluent in
have some class
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't try in school
Take two bottles of wine and hold them up in the air. That's how you keep your spirits high.
right u got what 3 weeks left? I know u ready for one after lol
Sorry Courtney, not your rose!
Playing that electro.
Yes indeed I did! Alex said she took good pics. Ain't seen 'em yet.
#Milwaukee Bucks & Brandon Jennings ... Wow! Let's play like that every game! Congrats!
RT : "If we teach them (kids) to eat healthy, they will take that lifestyle with them," rep Jean Schmidt. Brkfst keynote....
On my way to #HongKong and #Beijing - any travel tips for a first-timer?
yeah sloppy game tho, they better sharpen up for next week or they will bring home a big "L"
The greatest Glory in living is rising everytime we fall - GOOD NIGHT BABES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Reaction to my T-shirt by a guy in his 20s: "Burger Chef? That's awesome!"
So spring is here but it feels like summer
So my mother just walked back in the house from leaving& not telling me & now shes callin my name she think I left out No im the front room.
here comes the sun by
#TeamAdam #TeamCeeLo #TeamBlake #TeamXtina I'm just a viewer!I refuse to choose. LOVE THEM ALL. <3
Aw. What a lovely thing to do.
I love the no matter what weather it brings!
For what it's worth, those are people he knows. Nothing he'd hide from. Nevertheless, point well taken.
Planning my trip to Indiana next wk. 1st stop: library at IU, then ! cc:
ha!!! I love it! Working with Chelsea and Joke is amazing. I couldn't be happier.
at da crib you at the studio?
DelRey loves you too stuntman we will throw someone down the stairs in your honor!
:) screamed when came on stage absolutely
new profile pic-- dont know what i think about it :/
"My parents were immigrants - comprehensive immigration reform is important to me." - Martin R.
Not to make this all about me, but Davy Jones passing means the survival rate of my childhood crushes is getting suspiciously low.
Warren Buffett says he has early prostate cancer
please follow me if you see this which i no you wont i feel so left out
cause you hate me
Pretty Amazing!
Maybe Clippers do have souls. Was that effort and teamwork??
Albemarle County Service Authority has gone into executive session to discuss cost-share allocation for wastewater projects
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
People ask me what do I pray to, and I say first tell me what do you bray to. < Arya of the Hills >
coughing is the worst. I hate it.
Bum ass nation? We are the best fans in the Fuckin NFL!
hearts are to be earned... William Butler Yeats
Thx! I need to find a way to work in a monthly breakfast mtg in NY so we can cook up other ideas. Gr8 to find a fellow #impinv wonk!
MKG with the quad injury. I hate those!!
Slowest day EVER!
Happy Birthday Jason Aldean :D
We are not BULLETPROOF.... THIS IS BOSSPROOF GET IT RIGHT!!
Brian Urlacher is on my flight. Which is neat, I guess
“ , you don't have to wear make-up to be pretty ladies .”
Tomorrow= studio!!! more music!
Snap Fitness tonight. :p
Diggerslistcom: the BEST place to find your remodelling supplies. adultwellnes
Happy MLK Jr. DAY!
keep in mind that I am a free agent...please contacts agent for availability.
Peace and God bless! HE>i
: "you know how people say that when boys are mean to you, they like you?" me: "that's probably completely inaccurate."
and i hate talking on he phone, lol
And we're the ones with the bad attitudes! It all is so tasty.
Thunderstorms on the way here shortly, I'd rather have stayed in bed
You'd think a full cup of boiling hot coffee spilled onto a remote control would render it useless. Not today. Take that Murphy!
Betty White for next years halftime show?
In my defense I ASKED to be home early. I barely got to be home. I go to the bathroom and get yelled at I HATE MY LIFE. There is no impress
Pats vs. Giants. Uncle Jim's salutes the Superbowl teams! Pass the cheese...
oh. IKEA. I also want their bed with the storage underneath. So I can keep keeping all this useless shit that I have.
*mexican status*
“: The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it. -Wayne Gretzky”
Business briefs: Mortgage rates hit new lows
Are you @$#%&$@ kidding me?! You don't steal someones cart at Target just because you like what's in it! SECURITY!!!! This is dog eat dog
I miss our freestyle battles .....back in the day rapping
#DearOomf I think ur a bitch!!!!!!!!
Very good article!
thats where ur wrong. im not a captain. nd its not an excuuse its a fact
This Stupid time difference Between ANd Me Is confusing the hell out of me... wish he was here:/
Witnessing the Great Gravy Shortage at Hudson's on P'tree.
I want to go coning (:
I'm going to paint it a fun color
Ponder says mn has greatest fans in the world. Wants to be in mn rest of his life! Wants to win a Superbowl here
it is absurd that ignored all questions regarding marijuana on his G+ hangout even though they received the most votes.
Live Laugh Love .
Hi! I'll check that out!
that looks amazing
Boys think of girls just like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
thinking about Black Star, Thieves in the NIght "there's never no in between"
RT : &amp; lets make this run family,I'M MENTALLY READY TO GET THIS SHIT!<<LET'S GO
i wish puck had kicked his ass. that hockey player is a shitty person, he doesn't deserve to play for the ohio state university
Place was pretty good. Their garlic noodles were tasty. We need to hang out again soon. :)
i feel you i thought i was the only one
the men, the food, THE SEX! Lord have mercy!!! I'm in love with DC!
#SilverSpring #planning + #urbanism tweeps: Does MoCo have a master plan that addresses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of #DTSS?
Oh...i believe in yesterday..
the one on erie is closed. where the other 1 at?
Chick-fil-a participates in Orlando and Tampa Bay markets and offers FREE Chicken Sandwich. Posting January 1st, 2012
If you burn a bridge, you better know how to build one.
got it going too. Gave up after 15 min though. Tried after seeing ur pic.
Huge news to announce to our email list subscribers. Sign up to be the first to know. Announcement Monday! SugarBaby Swimwear Rocks!
Black Taxi at Dada. What.
wmata is full of nothing but idiots.. Plain and simple.
Seated and tweeted Gotta love a menu with a cover on which 1st words you notice are "jamón ibérico." And ipad drink menu.
Yeah, Johnny!
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
At this poetry spot..... I hope I hear something good
What's processing in skulls as eyes stare and swap places?
beautiful photo, the stars look amazing. Makes me want to visit.
Boot scootin boogie down 2nite. Meet some friends in low places. Shane Byrant playing 9pm Drink specials start with first yeehaw from Shane!
Seals new CD Soul 2 is out tomorrow and today Heidi & Seal confirm they're separating which is so sad. Interesting timing don't you think??
so excited for cross
