Suggestion: take a nap. Two possible causes tonight of sleeping during game: offense, lateness.
"He who has health has hope, and he who has hope, has everything."
Who's there? A faster-than-light neutrino. Knock knock.
#FF the fab #TEDxAdMo team in charge of Change!
Drew takes Care.of my lightwork
Tired of being tired
Welcome to Nashville! Hope you and your fam are more than wonderful!
Family pictures today(: if it stops raining!!!!:/
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions. - Pablo Picasso
had a wonderful night! :) dancing away<3
And happy Grand Floral Parade Day to You Too! :)
Just saw , absolutely hilarious!!!! #MaineIsLame ;)
wat it dew
easily the best sock every... and the reason why Giovanni is hands down the best gift giver!
Proudly serving Rishi Tea! MT : Glad to be partnering w/ ! Have a cup of tea w/ dinner at any of their restaurants
i can verify this. i was there.
i forget lol i think its looking good idk remember
dude I just texted you. Yearly # change is too much.
No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh ):
last class before finals! still can't believe it's over. going to miss everyone so much!
"Like" this post if you are sore from Monday's workout. OUCH!
Back after 2 week break, only took 3 days for "too much going on" meltdown. Recommendation for overall project mgr software or system?
are you serious?!!
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and I've missed you also and look forward to seeing you again, soon...
Rivera's the greatest to ever play his position, so you gotta go to Mo'
last night visiting in maryland, cap it off with some luxury cable television.
sadly, I don't believe that she does
"Don't make excuses"
Thank you Jayhawks for a peaceful night of sleep
Enjoying my son daughter in law and granddaughter. will graduate from Drew seminary on saturday
Yeah bro, great heart...": yo... Way to bring it tonight kid"
Happy Star Wars Day folks!
she so pretty , ill love to keep her .
I'm tryna go through some odd numbers of 'Ace Of Spades' this summer .. Only did 2 last summer ..
Catch us next time. Best ever Chocolate Cherry Martinis! WOWZERS!
#Trayvon God takes folks we love, to honor them, to raise them up, and to teach us how little we appreciated what we had when we had it.
haha thats because they're awesome :)
We're excited, too! RT : Excited to meet #schoolhealth partners: , , , ,...
Your jersey says your last name but your mine son! #iBeInTheGameOn4th&Inches
Oh snap Christmas is this week already!!! Hope ya'll r ready.
Hmm....what do they miss about Ireland's (g)olden times exactly?
Having your sex tape end up on "America's Funniest Home Videos" would probably be worse.
Happy Friday!
Since Death Cab For Cutie is in Seattle the same day you are, it's only natural that you play "So Much Closer" together, right?
Lesbian voice?
I love it too but my god the lows are intense haha.
the sneaky gallstone thanks you :)
I've got two boys cooking for me right now. Not a bad turn of events for the night.
LOL stupid groupie!!!
Hilarious! I have some bad ones myself. If I find one, I'll post it. I have no problem humiliating myself if it gets a laugh!
Four hours is possible. You know you want to go. ;)
Another interview, another chance for Nugent to be a disgusting human being.
I need a haircut. Or a need head. Either one.
sadly many analysts would say otherwise
Lovin my new phone
"God Morning Vieetnaaaam"
Additionally, “Use It, Or Lose It” or “Idle lease” legislative scheme that hurts our industry was recently introduced in Congress.
Thank you!
Oh gosh, me too. I am trying to slow down a little so I can savor it. Plus my work buddies haven't started reading it yet.
nun much just chillin... wat about u
early black friday sale at beertap-tees.com: buy 3 shirts & get 1 free...hurry over to take advantage
#Apple employee loses #iPhone 5 wapo.st/nQ50OR Don't they have an app for that? "Where's my iPhone" Geez.
“Stick to the basics, hold on to your family and friends - they will never go out of fashion.” ~Niki Taylor
I've been at work for 20 minutes. I set off the alarm and now the police are coming for me! I sure to love working.
New storefront art display coming to downtown cville soon! Keep your eyes peeled...
Metallic Gold Adidas Tear-aways RT: : What is your most risque fashion moment?
tonight is going to be fucked up! #ccbshows stay golden fool!
you set me u for failure by not beating my eggs properly. At least I didn't punch you this time?
Q6 quinoa, legumes, barley, soy... all delicious!
Go, Mo! RT "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today
Standing behind some chickenheads at GSide.
nice to meet you Ms. Gould!
Tourism Officials Update Stakeholders and Outline How to Participate: It was also named one of the “Top 12 Spots that should be on yo...
I know Kemba Walker has two fouls, but #UConn needs to get him back into the game. They need that go-to scoring punch.
wow! Uve influenced me to be myself and not others how can i thank u? Will u follow me? And what can I do o help stop bullying?
Having trouble remembering where your classes are located? check out the pinpoint map of your classes on campus in the My UW Portal
My Yogi® Teabag today: "There is a beauty in your presence." Which is like saying, "Well, he's really NICE…but…."
i thought i saw a pitbull outside the stadium with a mike vick jersey on
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. It would be awesome if you followed me back. Love your videos. :-)
aah, the naiveté of youth. There is little about getting older to look forward to. Not even retirement nowadays.
In the sense of academics doing at least some of their work in public, rather than ceding the whole narrative about what we do +
“: Well SOMEONE had some extra sugar in THEIR bitch-flakes this morning.”
um okay?
watching something exciting may increase the heart rate so its like your doing cardio lol
listening to a little Woe, Is Me....He has the voice of an angel *sigh* rehearsal tonight! -J
At LAX getting ready to head home - great trip, powerful ministry
hey , would u follow ME. PALEASE
Everyone needs a mental and emotional check up from time to time...
“: Fun FACT! The author or Hunger Games wrote on Clarissa Explains it ALL... THAT EXPLAINS SO MUCH TO ME> lol”
Wave your Terrible Towel! #HinesWard on
thank you Dave- have a fantastic week
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Anybody want my 8800th Tweet?
Yeah!!! So happy for you make money RT : Couple more hurdles to jump then the new Anthony Robert Salon will be open for business
Wow there is nothing worse than back pain. Hope you get better soon!!
is probably the most patient person alive
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live. - Anatole France
#off I RT'd that because my favorite musician just promoted and i's website!!!!!
Let's quit school together?
wait and see
Its actually a good friday the 13th
ill hit you up laters ill be on rd getting some #NewJbonez today son
good point...
Tired. But remaining positive and setting the programmable coffeemaker... Haha. Budweiser is definitely powered by coffee...
awesome!! They won that game the day before my 21st birthday SO you know I was one happy girl!!! Lol ;)
my pride won't let me follow this girl back... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
thanks coach
While I am not happy about what happened @ JP Morgan, at least they did not cover it up. So I think their honesty should be rewarded.
"IM TAKING ALL YOUR QUARTERS!!!!"
It's very painful to see your negative personality traits alive in your children.
Just talked to a #Henryville teacher who spent the storm inside the school. Her car ended up in the library! Her story at 4.
best lineup ever! However cash games create more action and are more fun to watch then freezouts. Prop bets are fun to watch also
"My life is a message."
Always and forever a pleasure, Gregg. And yet you keep thanking me. :-)
I believe everybody should get wealthy and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it is not the answer.
Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley of KISS had lunch together yesterday. That's it. Nothing else. Ace isn't coming back.
Awww man! So sad to hear about Dick Clark. You will be truly missed.
SFIFF parties, the only film festival parties where absolutely no one is doing cocaine.
COMING AUG 23-29 - Art Calendar Reader Appreciation Week! Join us for prizes, discounts and more! Stay tuned!
I wasn't planning on drinking tonight but after finding out Braun will be there on opening day I think I will
Poet S.R. Lavin in town this Wednesday, Nov. 30th, that's tonight, to read and perform from 7 to 8 pm at Random Row.
Invoking the 2 o'clock rule a little early.
check out the song called bullshit n lemme know what you think. Reverbnation.Com/paully.
Ok..Yuh made up that title???
forgot to attach the image on that second one <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
#itsmillertime. We do it right.
Going to elkins to stay for a few days.....Twit-R-Done!
My sisters stupid -.-
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. So far so fantastic.
It's.... ALIVE! AnatomyNow is now officially broadcasting. (Tweetcasting?) www.anatomynow.com
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 656
diplomacy giving #Iran time to build #nukes; #Syria is terrorist vs terrorist & #Obama wants to see MB terror win.
Always gettin high cuhz I'm to fucced up to deal with life without drugs....
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Morning tweeps so thankful and blessed. Thank u God
some shit is about to go down.
Always a pleasure to have you over for $5 Mojito monday! , See you soon!
Alright I believe you. But why don't you have fan followers? :(
very well done! Now then, when shall we have dinner again?
I feel so mean , I think the neighbors said good morning , but I couldn't hear them . . .
The weaker I get, the stronger I become.
Kevin Millwood is still employed in baseball?
#HAPPYBIRTHDAY to my Daddy<U+2665>
That #HYFR video looked like they had mad fun!
So pumped for COD modern warfare 2!!!
Today's research...how exactly does one jump rope?
If you txt me back in one word several times maybe I'm not the only boring one
Bite the Ball, Head Across and Wrap Em Up expose the top of the helmet and leads to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle
GO GIANTS!
Love the idea of creating a remix toolkit class activity: Here's this thing, what can you do with or to it, etc.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
I'm coming! You just ran!
call me bro gotta holla at cha, i gotta new phone and my numbers didnt transfer
lol I never take you seriously
I'm gonna cry
Hugely successful night for the Young Hollywood Showcase. We kicked some AAS. Salon is unbeatable.
lol u are too cute
Haute Taco: Bringing you delicious food, rain or shine!! Make sure to come down to Schlitz Park today for all your favorite food!
Class is not defined by how you lose, but by how you win.
We all love ya bro (ohio) kick some Patriot ass this weekend!
of course I will protect you muah
I have tickets to your 2013 tour!!!! Im so excited!
Watching "Revenge" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I've decided it's ok and I'm not worried anymore.
Feeling better every day. Thank heavens!
Hope you'll visit us again before you go! MT : sitting outside elephants deli planning our CA move, hell yes! <3
Can't breathe. Bad allergies. Yo necesito cough medicine.
I was kidding about Prometheus, but scanning all of that stuff reads like Derek Webb re-envisioning the Matrix.
do you have a link?
When someone truly cares about you--. they stay with you in the good times and the bad... Real KATT Williams... Real Will Ferrell--
The pain of not being the mayor of Most visit more often.
I'm on the honor roll :D
We're curious: What's on your #MoCoBucketList? What venues, restaurants, heritage sites are on your list to visit?
Happy sunday Twitter nation. now get out and make it happen. Were giving it a go.
Goodbye Tulsa!! Had a great time lastnight was nutso...Austin here we come..quick stop at rons burger &chilli!
benevolent Republicans, witty peacocks, nimble-footed manatee
Everytime I hear Eric church's "springsteen" I crank the shit out of it
Steak-n-shake says im 6'1 lol......with sum buds today(:
When Beane shows his ugly mug, I'll hurl an apple at it. It will go 52 miles per hour, if I'm lucky, and splatter all over his face.
Nasty! RT I've been sick over a month. Cough lingered and now return of sore throat! Ugh!
#Lions draft OT Riley Reiff with the 23rd pick in the
it can! all depends on your location :-)
Meek mill time!
You guys watching the game tonight?
I love British humor
exiting position in GE
#megamillions expected to be $600 million tomorrow. Wow! What would you do with half a billion dollars?
I was just getting ready to post a pic I just took of the eggs now that there was a break in the rain. Check in a few minutes.
well I didn't get to see it because my watch ESPN app isn't working, but I give you a 10 just for going through with it
John Colaprete is the first person to check in through FourSquare at the Alumni Center and receive a Panther Pin.
ok he just foloewed a bunch of ppl and i wasnt one
Ever thought of doing a commercial together? the #acela is full of men in blue shirts using Dells
When people tell me im not going to marry Rickie Weeks <
Back at my desk at #UWMadison. Good to be back! Watch out to-do list!
Guess everyone wanted to work off their Easter candy this morning. The gym is popping
That may be…but it may not be in another state. State should determine for themselves
Ah, rejection! Time to submit to somewhere else . . . .
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.”- Jim Rohn
of course, hi-wi-fi comes first.
what are u guys talking about?
They accept responsibility and don<U+FFFD>t sidestep it, but <U+FFFD>we<U+FFFD> gets the credit<U+FFFD>
love u bro. much thanks for everything. Happy he is resting now.
train train train love!!! Hahaha xx
Loving this weather!!
Thank you for RT
Heroes get remembered, legends never die.
hearing my best friend talk to my cat
Nice! Good job #Pats!
Have 1 red (Asthma), other food intolerances, &tested for gluten-intolerance/celiac 2x, &come back negative. So, not given.
Thank you and Michael for establishing funds for the UNCF scholarships. Without you and Michael's support, I would not made it
And once again we take a W : ) ! Heat 104 Knicks 94
Thanks for the mention! Keep on painting = smiling
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us.
#TwSIG Reading from James Hilton: Higher Ed is changing because the fabric of inquiry is changing
alright. do you wanna like go to like the mall? lol.
last chance for complete nudity around the house before guests arrive.
my new favorite show is cracks me up.
Kind of surprised the interwebs are not sprinkled with confetti in honor of 's birth.
Strange. We are connected!
Design = vital part of digital scholarship. Can't separate from content.
A big top o the mornin to all my new Followers! Mega tweeps Mega !
Thx & for the opportunity to produce #ias12. I love working in service of this wonderful community.
I don't know what's worse: a gluten-free diet or Elisabeth Hasselbeck's personality.
Thank you for making my inescapable cross-town commute just a tad less miserable (;
Patty knew what she was doing riding that bike with a skirt on . lil loose ahh tryna give everybody a show .
yes I told them your twitter n dah said your pretty n wass up
We sure did! Any word on the x-box situation for our office? ::wink::
the secret to curb cheat cravings .......WORKOUT HARDER <3 the more you have invested the less you will want to lose it~
To toss the coin up, or two toss the salad.... Hm ima go with the salad... Finite sucks
<-----Scan with your smart-phone and see where it takes you!!!
Sore and tired .. trained Jiu jitsu and striking.. eating sleeping and doing it all again tomorrow
you really gave me a scare!
“: Maybe Willard Romney's candidacy is just one of his "pranks". Seriously...cover your heads!
Glendale Court this afternoon. It's a beautiful day to be in SoCal.
I'm fasting until summer.
I wanna see "Cherobyl Diaries," looks pretty intense. Lol
Horace~ In adversity remember to keep an even mind.
Sorry I have to miss yet another #slpchat. It seems they're always when we have theater tickets!!
Enharmonic spelling is the tool of the devil.
appreciate it brother.
I love the name Gwyneth.
I was skeptical about that #chevy ad until they busted out the #twinkies Funny.
Can this night get any worse? I hope not!
No Bucs game, no pens game, what am I suppose to do with myself on a Thursday night
The Deal with Gluten, Part 3: How to Heal. - Sachem, NY Patch: In most cases however, folks have not eliminated some other common foo...
I am up and ready for work it is time to go get t in..i enjoyed my days off..back to work...:D
FINAL #Mem 90 #Clippers 88 & #Clips are headed to #Memphis TIP OFF 10 am (PST) on #ABC-TV. #GoCLIPPERS!!!
Just saw a light blue pastel color mini cooper....died.
Grow up!! This all started long before O came into office!!
Life Fail!!! “: -_______- RT : Hey, anyone know if The #Avengers movie is out?”
i like red heads to
g BrazilLovesAustinMahone g
I got cold chills when I heard the Hines Ward retirement. Steelers Nation has the strongest brotherhood around. Join it or hate it.
should hire someone to be their "pedophile expert"... as an SAT analogy, John Clayton:NFL::this person:perv coaches
What a difference an 'l' makes. In China I've used pubic restrooms, pubic telephones and pubic bicycles. They're hell to steer.
i hate feeling so alone
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Yup RT : all these gorgeous photos of #supermoon and in da' burbs of #Chicago it's cloudy :(
Watching kevin hart....he is to funny...
I've been thinking...."til death do us part"... Vow or goal?
Yep. Feeling good. Thanks!
Happy Sunday everyone!
Eric Dompierre is a special person, & yes, so is his story! Michigan schools: #LetEricPlay LetEmPlay.us
But it's so cold in Boston!
I an a shoe Connoisseur!
DRIVE is out on DVD today? Huh, I guess I'll see what's on TCM.
- yeah, there seems to be a lot of opportunity here. Say the word & we'll be on the case for ya. :)
lucky I didn't wanna get in trouble
Just taking me a listen to the NEW!!! Eric Church album
Ehh. Maybe. But im not gonna look any better than usual besides a dress(maybe). :P
blasphemy! It was in your bag the whole time
your face looks soft o:
Watching "The Bachelorette" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's your guilty pleasure this Saturday? Mine is sleeping in (sort of) and reading, which is great on a rainy day like today!
your keeping my whole class entertained we are ctfu at u and how u keep sliding nicki tweets and she yet to reply to you hahaha!
Getting tired of hearing how well Beavs respond in practice to getting *ss kicked in game.
No more pencils! No more books! No more STUDENTS' dirty looks! :) Or last official day of classes...
Of course, my answer has nothing to do with machines...
I'm off to a Bday party! A life time friend feel blessed to have such good people in my life!!
can I get a follow
Everyone is getting engaged so Young! And I'm still single, something is wrong with This picture..
Skateboarding Part 1
only in a Dem primary could the dead legally vote for an inmate
#Colorado ACC Members! Remember to take this years In-House Salary Survey by 1/13! DM us if you need the link
I hate this shiz
I am actually looking forward to getting back to my research. (Sick.)
Hey, you! and I have been looking for you. You've been MIA LOL We never got to do our #rawsaimin #tweetup! :-|
I'm going to have to break out my Donna Summer cds, aren't I? *hums Last Dance*
RT : Special election day episode as we talk about everything BUT the election & eat w/ instead.
Our pleasure! :)
Josh, shoot me a call when you get a chance, can't seem to find your
Hey Congrats On The New Twitter!! It's Addicting Huh?!? Ahaha & I Followed You Cuz Carlos Told Us To (:
Free finally
Finally an off night and there's nothing to do.. And I'm bored out of my mind!
How do you think Louisville will handle playing at 10:40 local time?
It's already 8:20? Where did my night go?
usher at the atm at Coachella, even better!
This is insane! Flyers starting to doubt?
Another brain dead #10 driver...
Will be celebrating my National Chocolate Milkshake Day in Cincinnati in a few short hours. Sweet!
I'm gonna start a play called RATS
Thanks for the follow and what about starting a NacNak community where you live:)
CEO of Invisible Children arrested for spreading invisible children in public
RT : will remain hospitalized overnight @ UAB medical center in Birmingham. Will release additional updates...
Justin Verlander was close to pitching 3 or 4 no-no this season. But he beat the birds in 2007 for the first one.
guess im finna cuddle up next to Donovan tonight
When I first saw you, I fell in love... You smiled because you knew
Wait...Now, I'm really done with minimalist fan-made poster. They were fun, but now it's gone too far.
are you sure?
We'd love to work with you as well! Will DM with more info.
I like this guy
Hail and thunderstorm...in Sacramento? Yes and it's awesome!
Getting a strong seal with your waterproof headphones will make a world of difference
Patrick is Monday, lyndsay is Tuesday, keith is Wednesday and brent is Thursday, we still are looking for our Friday.
Need network solutions for your small/large business? We offer server managing and other services.
Our hashtag: #carmeltweetup. 10 of us (so far) at the #carmel Muldoon's for lunch. Okay, I'm gonna put my phone away & talk to folks now. :)
2years ago today my life changed for the better I was blessed with an angel sent from above you are truly amazing my baby I love you happy…
Thanks again to all our visitors! Don't forget the tent special is a limited time offer - DM us if you need a form!
Take your shirts to the cleaners. Cheap and effective. ;)
Sundiata Gaines will start for the #Nets for the ailing Deron Wiliams.
Omg , The Movie 'UnLoved' Is So Sad :'( Ima Cry !
In case you're wondering, homemade hot fudge and a lil skim milk in coffee is delicious.
Ken Price of Whitman Archive calls for better software for representing fluid texts
I can't believe that only has 1,637 followers!? That's crazy!! I'm glad I'm one of them! The video was amazing by the way! :]
I hope they send our guys and gals back soon with civilian jobs so they can survive the coming home process!!
Its people like you who really make me hate the general population.
wants to go shoot some photos real bad
It's been months since we talked and I just can't seem to just let you go.
know whatcha mean bane
Don't forget that you can get a FAB 30% discount at website until 5/12/12 w/the code IWYS30, to kick off SkinCancerAwareness month!
Be sure to catch us in Lemoyne, PA w/ on May 4th @ The Champ. RT!
Just met a 5 day/week Pact - mission accomplished! with
sumtimes u have to...
so much for "The truth shall set you free"...
Presently thinking of ur a** ;);) **Squeeze** iWant
Character is a precious thing..difficult to to build but easy to tear down. Often it is at greater risk in prosperity than adversity.
Give THE KOREAN ZOMBIE A TITLE SHOT!
It's vulnerable to be your true self and let your personality shine...but, it's the only way to true success!
Good idea. I assume it's one those fans used on movie sets to simulate hurricanes?
Can't wait for WWDC to begin!
that's just flat out awesome
There is no chance that Gilmore will be a better NFL player than Casey Hayward.
I'm just overthinking things. I need to step back and realize what in life really has a reason to be worried about
When someone's willing to wait for you..... They're a keeper!
As of right now, my summer is looking good!!
Best part about being home?
Riding a bike for the first time in ~5 years.
Thx! You never know where I might show up :). Every day is an adventure!
Brad Richards. Who else?
Sunshine Pils draft is now available
Who's playing plo in may
I MISS YOU TWIN!
Live your life in an alignment with YOUR priorities not anyone else's in order to feel happiness and complete.
So excited to buy a new baby today with :))))
No one told u to touch. You hold know better.
Ex-Green drama teacher indicted on sex charges
RT : "The best social program is a job" congrats Joe Clark! Wheels of success makes this possible
Thank you to our HUGE group of walkers in yesterday's Elkhart 4H Fair Parade!! WE HAVE THE WORLDS GREATEST VOLUNTEERS!
zOMG. Just realized lead singer of Alabama Shakes is a lady. Love them more.
We are entering into a 3 month "power block" of focused productivity and unbridled results. Are you ready?
A warm bath and a glass of wine.
Awesome! Thanks!
Every Wisconsin library and citizen has access to thousands of online newspapers, magazines and books through DPI's BadgerLink service.
Good morning!!!:) So ready for the studio. Session later on.
Man I want some sex. It's been quite a while. #:(
Spilled my coffee, broke a shoe lace
Whaaaa? An anchor hitting the streets on a Sat?! I predict a phone interview and file video.
I.do.too
I hate when I get stuck to my phone because an hour and a half will go by and won't even notice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
vodka and NFL gameday final here at the Johnson household. Merry Christmas and another Happy bear beatdown!
Keep an eye on CAGC. The stock could be going to 15 near-term. Also bullish on MA and AAPL stocks.
I love this episode of reba cuz van.
Yes, yes you are
Why do I always come on Twitter late @ night only... LoL Listening to that Cali rain...
it looks like it lolol
I just bought #TheNight Single on iTunes it's amazing!!! I've been a fan of yours since Spice Girls and I always will be. :)
read my DM
Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.
Dude!!!! We still gotta hang soon.
You know you must be doing something right, when you have people copying your every move. It's pathetic, be yourself, noone likes a copy.
but then again there are 2 types
RT : RT We disempower learners by coercing compliance thru grades or praise. +
What one word comes to mind when you think of Coop's BBQ? RT Heaven.
The C's playoff coverage has been terrible there... not on the website though
#teamWakeAndBake Leg Go!
I totally agree! Boo! We'll have to meet up again sooner than later.
- great! Just sent an email. Poking around the site too. We'll definitely have to get more Baltimore events up there!
RT bumper sticker in the National Library of Medicine parking lot: "The truth is out there, it's just not well-indexed."
Yes. Kind of interesting... I have not bid, but I can see the math-$ connection. Genius.
A nice cut of sockeye salmon...what to do with it?
Great! Thanks for getting back to us! Once you follow us, we will be able to DM you! : )
Have y'all heard that new R.A.P Music album y'all need to go get it if you haven't.
yes, i smell like Jesus. you'd love it
The Life and Times of Shatt and Merry: Ultrasound
I hate it when people are at your house and ask, "Hey do you have a bathroom?" No not at all, we piss and shit in the yard
Woke up late this morning & stay abed for a sec when mom surprised me with a greeting of "Happy Mother's Day" & I was like...what's goin on?
Thx for following Doug.
i has no power ):
no problem!
“: I Am What I Am. I like what I like. I love what I love. I do what I want. Get off my back and deal with it. It's my life.”
So Russ West is carrying the Thunder right now? LOL
hope you're having a great time Cheese!! I so wish I would have entered those NFL network Pro bowl contests!!
Happy Birthday i love you and your such an inspiration:)
what's magic without magic?
Just had my first vocal lesson. Look out world!:)) this breathing thing is hard...lol!
that's bullshit
We are the d we are the d we are the d we are the d
I'm doing good. Enjoying some football. How are you?
Jim its not bad, they did a good job with the animation. Maybe I'll pick up the book.
Watching Comic Book Men!
Our Executive Chef, Toyoji Hemmi, tries it before serving it. If he's still standing, you will too!
Action packed night at all our Ace operations around the country. Here is to our Managers for the commitment they put into our partnerships!
“: So... White Castle wants to start selling alcohol. This has good idea written all over it #sarcasm” you serious?
how do you spell piece?
Thrilled to have Katy Börner talking about data visualization tool Sci2 tonight
No one likes a mooch.
At the game, getting ready for human hockey puck with
Correction - TESTIMONIAL PAGE
any healthy pizza specials tonight?
I knew you'd say that, ! Thanks for the justification. :)
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 42
Because the dogs were found in PG County.
So much for working these new monologues in class... 2 days in a row canceled? What gives!?!? Lol
yay kitten! So happy for you!!! Way to start the week!
Say it Batum, say it!
I guess ill just hit up mary jane for now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Placed a hold on your book at the library but thnx 2 high demand, its gonna be awhile. It was a tank of gas or u
My step dad pisses me off so fuckinn early !. >.<
how cool! I personally love to watch kitesurfing!
I dont like only getting picks for Wallace tho, LOVE getting Crawford
"A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it A song's not a song 'til you sing it Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Commencing happy dance...
thanks for shout out! Is awesome! :)
oh yes I know what you're thinking! Brava... you're full of #torque natch... new pledge: Use #torque 1X/day
quads and hams yesterday why do's my lower back hurt? CARDIO CARDIO SUCKS but 14.5% bf is good
video shoot.. Turn it upsidedown!!!
and many overlook the fact that some regs add/support jobs. We see that with some clean water rules.
My favorite part of Friday is going to sleep knowing that when I wake up, I will have a surprise waiting for me, handcuffed to my toilet.
On adiet no sweets and no fried foods for me!!!
2 hours ago I told myself I'll sleep early... 2 hours later and I'm still wide awake -_-
S/o to for retweeting my new single!! Go follow her!:)
Aw thanks!!! That means a lot!
Moving on after moving
I believe I got you a few vanilla lattes/coffees when you played for the
I predict Australia will be coming soon! RT : #ROWE Australia please~!!
So much awkward...
Taking my mom to tonight for DUCHESS OF MALFI. She's never been in a theatre smaller than...Steppenwolf. Get ready, Mom.
Thanks to #AAF Madison for putting together a great meeting today.
Kyleigh&#39;s Story - Easter Egg Roll
I wish I had known about this earlier this week. I would have made sure my schedule was clear.
bad bitches and good weed
Obama on the offensive, using the Ryan budget as a cudgel. Will be interesting to see how Romney responds in his speech here Wed.
- I'm still working on mine! I hope you have DEXTER on there somewhere, won't be the same without you.
Working with my Big Pony Girls, Sporty Fresh, Fruity Sensual, and Radiant Floral
Scholarship Alert! Students going on KEI programs to Ecuador or Peru check out
Anytime sexy
not your weekend though! :)
haha... Me an you got the same likes an stuff
-__________-RT : When Krystal Would Get All Scared In The Middle Of No Where ! :D hahaha
Tickets are on sale now!
"Gruntled," followed by snickers.
' Heart beatin out of control!
you are about 4.1/10 of a god
Our TV dinners are like a meat & three, served on an old-school cafeteria tray. This week we've got catfish 'n okra!
lost my password
Enjoying the sunshine today!!! I have Sand Volleyball Tonight at 10:15. Let's go early and hit the pool & bar!!
She said fuck a iphone i want face-time on my pussy....#Damn :-/
How does Red Sox prospect not have more followers? Get on it people.
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 7
Stay focused on your goals at all times. Don't let little things slow you down.
How are things these days? It's been ages since we've talked.
'S boss is gettin on his last fucking nerve!
What a cheap shot my Metta World Peace in the Lakers game. He should be banned for the entire playoffs. What a disgrace to the NBA he is
I'm 30 in 2 months! Hope 2 do same! RT 30 for 30 more days. been a great year and I plan on living the rest of it to the fullest
Thanks, we will!
the ginger blog revolution is upon us!
damn, hasn't tweeted in forever.
Beliefs are powerful. They impact your thoughts, your attitudes, your actions. Are your beliefs helping or hindering your results.
aweh(: yeah I'm goin through a tough time. My parents are fighting BAD. and I might have to move an 8th time. it's so scary
Nice at bat by Alvarez.
Um. What U described on as Catholicism--ppl who believe in Jesus but oppose Pope--is aka Protestantism.
Hey Dave, join me for a new orleans swamp tour on Saturday at 9:15 am!!
Maksim Chmerkovskiy Says Melissa Gilbert Is in Pain
The GOP wants a brokered convention because they expect a miracle like Reagan to come out from the grave & save them.
Happy Birthday sir Bless you & yours
today is spring and in exactly one month i will be on the beach on florida :)
A bit; but I'm used to it <3 RT Is it true your too tired with this movie journey?! :/ xoxo
UStream for tonight's meet-up here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
You're welcome! It's always good to share some blog love!
RT: Welcome , to #Austin! It's fun here! eek! Oh, and they are looking for a
Our pleasure :)
Dear Internet: Auto-play on videos with audio in them is evil. Please stop.
I need Hot Cocoa! Also I love my thumbless gloves gave me! Makes working my phone much easier on a cold day.
Popular Mechs. Come kick it at Rotture and snag a free copy of 's EP! Dance dance dance damn. Dance.
Karma is a bitch... I know a few people that are going to get what's coming to them.
Well then PASS
God this girl is so annoying!
Your always in my heart, your always on my mind. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
sounds like a plan. Miss ya too!
Gotta go to an optometrist for the first time ever... I cant fade my eyes hurtin like this all the time ugh
Awaiting the big day!!!
Excited to get in shape for 2012, and to share the Isagenix nutrition opportunity with others. Let's talk about health goals, people!
The party is at Revolution Lounge tonight for Closet Sundays featuring DJ Chris Cox!
you are the cutest guy ever! I love your singing!
Tonight is going to be finger lickin' good in FTL with our backyard BBQ Party
Thanks for thinking of me! Ms. Brown & I are taking Growing Classroom wkshop May 4 & 5 wkend. Great minds think alike!
I need one of yal to tell my boy happy birthday or I will stop my twitterafterdarktweets
Workout room , pool , shower , shopping :D this is my kinda day <3
#FF #N4P Twitter Team! + our boss -tweet her to join us!
SEO tip of the day. Remember to alt tag your photos. Surprises me how often people don't....
Great home for sale! Los Feliz Hills with views. www.3651holboro.com
Picked up the $50 gift card to for the raffle tomorrow! Get ready to rock out, party people!
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot
I've never told anyone to 'go suck on an egg.' Or a lemon.
hey i have a question.
The reason why Seattle sports teams never win anything is because Washingtonians prefer Pepsi over Coke.
#rivolitheatre needs your help!! Visit rivolitheatre.org to donate or become a volunteer.
its great(: I just wish austin would take off these dang socks!
Cody Simpson concert this saturday. <3
but go read it, tell me if it's good... My mom won't let me touch the nook...
IM SO EXCITED TO SEE MY BBYS ON ABDC AGAIN. <333 (:
Lol become a preacher? why u say that?
-- thanks for buying the BigOven iPad app! May be our first purchaser, seeing as the device isn't out yet ideas?
Since my mom and I are mexican american we're going to celebrate mothers day tomorrow and sunday
Ah! Well, if you're ever looking for someone to workout with, let me know.
hay ;D
Just starting a blog series on. . wait for it. . . Pipe! Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more on this exciting subject!
Me and were talking about how 6 months ago we were looking for chicks to marry. Now we don't even believe in that shit!
"waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing." - A Cinderella Story (my favorite movie)
have fun !
#808Pride GIRLS dont feel bad he the one who stoped loving u
Thx for the follow, Jackie. Looking forward to seeing more of you in the NY Times! C
So it the fast food of the Asian food restaurants, but I am getting me some Panda Express.
Working with the best #tile & #stone suppliers in the business makes it easier to achieve beautiful designs. Thanks again!
The Girl From Foreign made me rethink the importance of relationships w/t grandparents & commitment towards them.
Awesome dinner at Iron Horse in Sellwood. Kids eat free on Tuesdays! What?
isn't it?!
Bed, Bath and Beyond - apparently that's where their employees ran off too.
Of course <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
"Your gingham is wider than mine." THERE'S a line you'll never hear in a straight bar.
Do any of my ATL followers know of any volunteer opportunities this saturday morning close to downtown? 25 volunteers. Thx
Am I the only one to get excited to wish someone happy birthday on facebook whose birthday is on Feb. 29.
!!!!!Go Follow ASAP
I'm pretty sure my supervisor just took a break to ride the elevator once. WHAT ELSE COULD SHE HAVE POSSIBLY DONE IN 12 SECONDS?!
hey chris it's 's brother how's it goin?
Getting ready to leave for Property Mgt. Class. Any comments?
SmackDown 2.12.11 Mark Henry vs. Daniel Bryan (Steel Cage Match) The match for the title of World Champion in the heavyweight division!
there IS nothing like a new dress and I haven't even told y'all about the shoes
how come?
Keynote Joyce Valenza, welcome to MA, we're so glad to have you!
Customized Christianity <U+2260> Completely Committed.
see it was all gonna be gone by the time I got there anyway!
how about an apron that gives the "empty figured" boobs??? Haha
Oh Arizona...how i loath you to book...
just woke up from my nap and I had a dream about #Beignets! Clearly a fat girl moment, I wonder if the hot sign is on at Krispy Kreme?
Got big plans this summer
I gain and i lose i gain and i lose followers. Just like my weight Haha \_(@)_/
"If you Stumble, Make it a Part of your Dance"
Such a fucking prick
I cant stop watching puss in boots <U+2665>
[making mental note to retweet this in six months...]
Music, you're my everything.
HE'S ALIVE !!
#sacscoc Ques:Faculty want more stringent reqts on students in online. How can we do that? Ans:Consider prereqs. Be candid w/ Student.
RT : Responsible for too much fappage. : Alexis Breeze <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><U+2764>
Is Mighty Taco really worth it? Never been. Seems kind of hard to mess up a taco though. Taco shell + beef + sadness = Taco.
me too!!! Lol
Went through and unfollowed a bunch of dead twitter accounts. Feels strangely good.
you should be coming to vegas with us!!!! its not too late!!!!!!!!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665>59
Please join us tomorrow at 1 for Veteran's Day. Special guests include members of the 14th Armored, nicknamed "The Liberators"
“: I believe a Woman can take a Man from Nothing to Someone successful if he took her advice”
In the short while that you’ve been here, you have already begun to establish yourself as a compass, giving our school purpose.
He's a serial molester of the English language. : does penn state cleaning house include espn getting rid of matt millen?
Nice use of 'over-deliver'
I tried listening to Adele... I can never do that again, at least I tried.
Saw you in "My Best Friend's Wedding" last week! I thought--how cool! BG actor makes it big! :) Like Cooper a lot!
“: Using the word "dope" to describe something should be blasphemous if its not that” < Real Talk...used too loosely!
lol did u find me off Instagram?
Just put some final touches on a Demo for BBC. I may not have done my final, but boy it feels great to get some song ideas rolling finally!
I do not get what the hell I did to you to make you dislike me so much that you won't even talk to me?
"Can i get a chocolate shake? :D" "yes'mam!" K...got chocolate milk, nbd :p
please don't!
Going live in ten minutes: Trayvon Martin Media Circus, My new iphone, and a prank phone call that just went VERY bad. ZenLive.tv @ 9pm EST
Tonight the Top 13 take the stage on American #Idol! We are tuned in are you? Let us hear who your favorites are!!
Give compliments! Let's change the culture of insult.
Almost quitting time! Slow day but it slick went by fast!!
Up the hill backwards — it’ll be all right.
All the dudes in the NFL draft has dreads their hats don't fit lol
but I'm manic and can do about eight things at the same time with perfect clarity
one of my followers
Love is not a matter of counting the days. It‘s making the days count.
When one door closes, another one opens. But sometimes we stare so long at the closed door that we miss the one which has opened for us. <\3
Welcome back beieber hair flip??? No comment.....
A cool memory. Thanks for sharing.
Goodnite my fb peeps. 9am call time in da CBD. For me and my faithful Honda Civic companion.
Thanks for sharing our feature!
#startupMd is packed. Great showing for all Maryland entrepreneurs.
100% American made bitch I'm the king of naptown once retired comin back through the underground with a vengence watch to back ain't no play
It's a great, rocking tune with a sweet title. Glad u enjoyed it.
I'm guessing Elliott Smith for anything off of the Good Will Hunting soundtrack?
Happy Friday...and what a beautiful day it is!
Anyone ever seen Space Chimps 2? I have....
morning back.
Crab & Leek breakfast at Sola - delicious!
Keep on keeping on, young man. You have a lot of people that are cheering you on. Be sucessful.
Got my new phone finally. This thing is pretty awesome. Thanks HTC for finally paying attention to form.
Doesn't the word "explication" sound like some kind of method of torture? Because it is.
I seriously need to find a way to get paid for all my misadventures! Sometimes it feels a bit ridiculous.
Please see www.autoglasslocator.com to find the windshield shop in your area
u r lokin very sexy right there
11 different proteins in peanuts can cause reactions! Depending which proteins you react to may change your symptoms!
Oh my Gosh . Girl you better win ! (: and Make sure i can be one of the three b/c i will drive to What ever state b/c......
GB could have held on to Favre traded Rogers and found a batter QB than both in the draft
so, so sorry late reply >.< I'm great and you?
RT You can tell the quality of a person by how they treat people they don’t need. Abosolutely!
want to dm you about your talk. Could you follow?
swag swag swag on you ..
three cheers!
yoshi this weekend let's go h.a.m
We are back in business! Come visit our satellite location at Underground Atlanta Feb 7-29.
We're almost at 2,500! You helped get us here. You made a difference. Thank you.
that would be great! Love Detroit!
fa sho DM you later next week appreciate it bro
Sorry, the Osbournes Reloaded show was just AWFUL! As much as I loved their reality show, I predict this one will be canceled...yesterday!
two words: Trust God. *
thanks Ash..
nope, american
I been slacking still aint go to a Bulls game this season. Smh
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
Good News! will be doing another signing at the Buckhead Barnes & Noble tomorrow at 9:30am! Don't miss it!
thanks for the reminder...submitted Justuno!
Had such a great past couple days in Vegas... saw some good friends, ex bf's friends, new friends, bachelor party... need recovery time.
Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Coming right up!
#Louisville i spy a big, new being build at 34th Broadway
now it's time to score more runs.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
My people did the list. So Bert had to be #1!
": Our problem as believers is not that we sin. We cease to b captivated by the beauty of the gospel..." Jesus covered it ALL
Need a freelance web developer for a product I'm creating for my website:
Love Fuckinnn Hearts Whenn You Need Herr
Shout out to ! I could go for a COLD #OXYwater BLACK w/ my lunch right now!
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
someone left litterally a SWIG of milk in the carton..... -_-
Chelsea or Liverpool?
#training2012 stedman graham...first step to transformation is love
Man when its right its right and no one is going to tell me its wrong <3
We're there!!! // RT: 1/2 price burgers all night!
made contact with Harrod's- fingers are crossed that they want us!
U will be a mamas boy forever FYI thats not attractive to any girl u can't live off ur mom forever
Thanks, y'all! I appreciate the support. I wish it was done but tomorrow is another day! :)
Dnt accuse me of something u do
Having the best Stop Day Eve: applying for jobs and spending time with my roommates.
It's pointless to blame negative ads if you plan to start running hem for Iowa... Hypocrite much newt Gingrich
“: #3WordsForYou Hit.This.Bitch. #Pitcher_Swag” 'give the middle finger'
So jealous of the SF-office phone booth. We need one in NY! :)
Really debating whether or not Taco Bell serving breakfast is a good idea. PRO: Fire Sauce before 11a CON: Body Digesting fire sauce pre 11a
RIght? I hope you had a lovely mother's day, H. :)
Hi Followers - suggestions to follow:
I would say to cross our toes too but..
I know they go by quick , I'm gonna miss you !!!!!! Gotta keep in touch
I didn't even eat my LaRosa's my baby brought me up ta my job so u kno I ain't feelin rite
Day. Over.
NICKELBACK SUCKS, GET OVER IT.
Venice Canals Holiday Boat Parade: December 11th, 2011 - See you there!
So does that mean you won't kiss a lady with lipstick? LOL
throw some contemp stuff in there for them to connect with? Baraka or my new fav Tree of Life.
6'9" 265 lb., hard worker, nose for the boards, will play in position in NBA, won't be forced to play the 5. Needs jumper.
245 for drinks
but it's so good
I have a new ASD case who is a severe head banger, even after given the item he wants.... Help!...Resources anyone?
RT : If you're celebrating a bday this wknd & want a party with us as a part of the Bday Crew VIP booth style send us or...
Wedding Ceremony: How Do I Choose An Officiant For My Gay Wedding? - Huffington Post
We'd love to see you...but class is important! And there are multiple days to come this round :)
Thanks for the add Aaron! I'm hoping for a & re-match this year!
Way to string people on!
I think in the UK, the original title already counts as an
thats the rumor but i might still try
and we keep our promises......McFollowed : )
uM yeah so Lil Wayne's performance...hm
#Top10Rappers No specific order..Drake, 2Chainz, Meek Mill, J.Cole, Don Trip,Lito,Rick Ross,
What do u need help with #fitness or #eatinghealthy?? I can help you get there! Just take the first step today and ask me how?
I like you a lot.
#Beyonce5thAlbumTitles "4 The Love of Blue"
Which is more worthy of outrage: budgets slashed and archives closing, or a joke by some tv comedian? Focus, people!
Dell is North of Austin in Round Rock. DM me your mobile and we can work out details. Tour is 30 minutes long btw.
Excuse me, their code of conduct. I don't know anyone younger than 18, so it sucks to be them. Super sucks.
says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell <U+FFFD>I<U+FFFD>m Chuck Norris!!<U+FFFD>
QUOTE - "Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there." Josh Billings.
wtf theyre so little, there like older than u...
I dig the pretty colors.
#BestTVShowEver Wayne Bros : )))
Very reasonable and thoughtful commentary regarding the team we love. Well done!
thank you for paying attention to that :D
We're partnering w/mental health facilities to grow peer-led CBT group in San Diego.Know anyone who needs help?
wants to go on tour! But he need fanss to perform for!! Come awn guys follow him!!!!(:
:'( all my friends at school forgot about my birthday!
Thanks for the mention in your FF
We’re having a great TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt For those attending, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!
Excellent. I am really looking for it to be my office assistant so this really helpful prior knowledge for it to have!
Join us for reverse Happy Hour. Sunday through Thursday 9pm to close!
Cool shot, Tom.
Praying for the person who was taken away in ambulance.
I am still waiting on rain, I heard its supposed to come 2morro but I don't believe it!
Taking a dump at work haha
thanks for winning me an orange stuffed fish :) lol
I'm so happy I'm black. Just felt like saying that.
Thanks for the RT.
I'm gonna make it happen real soon
I always think the next nigga tryna get over. That's just my state of mind.
Spotted #UWS - NYS Senator at Bella Luna on Columbus & 88th for a private event
there is the theory of the mobius, a twist in the fabric of space where time becomes a loop where time becomes a loop
Been there.
More NEW beats coming soon...
listen to what i do by kid ink
I think you'll be aiite!
#iReallyHateWhen People blame others for everything and never take ownership for their problems (Karma)
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide. Or murder.
Tell preston I say hi
and if they do, them shits will be at outlet stores fast
Google it
Just heard the pitch for , a corporate collaborative blogging tool, & thought it'd have great potential for governments.
don't think I'm going to make it. Just found out today, we are having a tourney at the school and I have to be there
This Friday night at Southport Hall in Metairie with Touching The Absolute!!!!
I like the panel well enough on today, but learn the most from Bill Fletcher
When I was a kid dangling, participles were all the rage. Could not go far without running into a dangling participle. Ah. Good times.
Ima grind for it, I dont want nothing free. Ima go get it, you dont gotta come to me.
Been sitting her trying to figure out what I'm going to eat. Nothing came to mind.
I can't study for shit and my exam is at 8am .... Typical
Had a great day at Columbia for the TV Academy 2012 Career Day. Met Producers, Directors from major networks. Inspiring!
Not liking the forecast for tomorrow considering I have tickets
Love these NY bodegas. Its like a club w/ their salsa music just blowing
you can also email them about network issue from that app...and they respond promptly, at least the did for me.
#DAP is -exactly- what I'm using, and your support and help has been invaluable!
Back to Back #Jacks I love #Batmagic !!! RollTribe and sacrife more rum for
Eminem was in a coma for 10 days cuz he got beat up so bad....when he was 10 years old.
I'm so sleepy.
lol , i was with her when she did that (: , she is my bestfriend <33
even worse than the Swedish version?
Can I be one of those lucky people you're following? :(
How can a trail be so easy one day and so difficult the next?
Be present, conscious and listen or you will miss the best parts.
Did you know: The Empire State Building was completed on this date in 1931, making it the world's tallest skyscraper at the time!
I'm dizzy
I agree. I don't think Ravi would have been charged w/out the suicide. Would he have still gotten in trouble, though?
is the way to go, great workshop tonight, thank you for coming to Chicago!
Today was ehh...
#well done Jo Hill IHG, kick off presentation always a hard spot but yours was v.good and good slide pack!
A boy makes his girl jealous of other women. A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl.
what a boss
be fine!?
prepare ye the way of the Lord. Gods speed on the new mission and congrats on the next step!
now im pasting gas.>>
Note to morning self - not everyone else in the world is a douchebag
I'm wit it but I need a ride cuz my car is under construction lol :( RT Gym?
I bet if Prez Obama played & won mega-millions, Repubs would accuse him of rigging the drawing.
Do you even miss me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
can ur dad take me??
Just checked out the Mattress Factory - so cool! How have I never been there?
There are two shows that make me want to exercise. The Biggest Loser and The Walking Dead.
I really wanna be with you baby, but i gotta do me first
... a cut above the rest!
Cherrywood Coffee House - be here now rad people of
. it's enough to beat you down!
I could go for a BLL right now!
What is this shit with diggy and Cole? Like c'mon, we all know who's actually a good artist
We are out of Strawberry Lassi :(
lucky bitch. I'm fucking red and pealing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>.
Roast Info in your inbox. Keep it all on the DL - we're trying to keep things intimate.
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government - Barry Goldwater
after how much I paid for it I would have pulled the house apart looking for it
Shorts and Skirts today - - Why? and no, I'm not making this up . . . it's Global No Pants Day...don't believe me, look it up!
I was just telling my wife that this weekend.
Oh sure, just one smudge mark on a Mothers Day Singing Bass present & you'd think it was the end of the world
of all things...so why should I fret over the obstacles of man...why should I receive joy when men and women have the power to take away all
not having a phone at moment blows.
6 days till california :D
I need to lose weight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
yep! Those inner voices who censor us, the fear of saying too much, the anxiety over the critics who might go for our throats
HEY VINNY I LOVE U!!!!
Its sad to see the pregnant girls say.. "the only man i need in my life is my son" you said YOLO he said YOYOB <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
The sad moment when you see your ex, and they act like you don't even exist.
Ha! RT : Turns out the guy me and thought was Batman a couple weeks ago was just Alderman Bob Bauman. Disappointing.
Circling the Drain: the mark huntsman story
We see elite client's by apt. only 713-623-0866 located in the elegant Galleria area of Houston Tx. Call for directions.
That was the most heart-breaking How I Met Your Mother ever. Wow.
yea I'm here till tomorrow morning. Checking out RJD2 tonight at webster hall if you'll be around!
#WhyYouAlways sayin BO$$ when you got no game? sitcho UGLY AHH DOWN
lmfao. i think she blocked me. (:
does she even love me anymore???
Got that rite
wow! Powerful!
Felt odd to book #Gally 2013 hotel and flight nine months out. Staying at the CP again, but conning till Monday AM for the first time.
I feel like dying
Yay for football 3 times a week!
Just finished a photoshoot for CS Arts!
Did I mention how amazing #TheHungerGames was? It rocked. Have you had a chance to watch it yet? If I were you I'd see it.
just got asked to prom in such a cute way!!! Ohmygosh(: jealous
#RUTHLESS RT #suckstosuck when your having sex with "your boy" an hes thinking about me
Hi all! The next Schmooze lands on Oct. 12th at 5:30 p.m.! Location to be finalized BUT mark your calendars! Going to be another great one!
Ed Henry = douche
M hottub and pool time
yes my favorite
I hope Bradley Cooper is playing a rapist in a movie or something. That mustache is not okay.
get your tix ASAP !! > RT : 2 nights away from hope you got your tickets can't wait to see you all
40k at first break from 20k starting stack.
he likes that tight shit hahaha
Wow, I just found out you were just two days younger than me!
maybe NBC will blow it all on mls coverage
More #soccer Coachisms: That could change the complexion of the game. = Damn, the other team has shown up.
Sandusky should buy our book. He's gonna need it. Why so tight-lipped #JoePa ?
Waiting @ Starbucks while my car is being serviced at Toyota of Roswell.
lol who is we all? I heard someone say woah after I did it.
RT : Tron extra? What the hell is going on here!
ya buddy!
Hello Tweet-a-lights...have an extraordinarily blessed day & mark your calendar for June 5, 4-8, Fire on Water..."Welcome 2 the Lightlife"
It won't be long till we are, Bag!
Awesome! Crowd cheering anthem at UC with Jimmy singing!
Come get some free lunch burritos!!! Wesley Foundation- serving free food since 1972!
get right to the heart of matters
you around this weekend?
" We've waited years to have an excuse to book AJ Styles vs. Dixie's husband Serge at Slammiversary." - Dixie On The Pole Match
Or, maybe, you could! Are you going to your house when you leave?
I just played Could You Be Loved by Bob Marley on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
We hope to see you in soon!
Lord, protect me from my friends , i can take care of my enemies ! ;)"
At the Thai festival why am I here I'm not Thai but it's still fun.
It's FINALS NIGHT at ! Cheer on the teams at and choose the karaoke champions!
The primaries tonight show that the South is still the South, no surprise there at all
3rd game in 3 nights for Need the bench to come up big tonight!
Treat me like a joke? And, I'll leave you like it's funny.
Charles Just Gave Me His Numberr....! :) !!
work roles: archivist, digital librarian, reference librarian, technology trainer, career advisor, customer service pro, inspirer
the lounge is lookin' crispy right now
my personal hero is my husband, not for the usual reasons like my love for him. He is honest, sweet,smart,honorable & loving.
Good morning world
Reading Lyrics on my TL makes me hype ..NOT all of them though:p Most type Fuckery
Cinema has given us the means to explore the landscape before us, within us, and above us.
Thanks for favoring our tweets!
Time to write. Poured the coffee and opened the laptop like a gaping maw, daring me to dive in. I dove.
what happened where are you?
Ima do half my laundry today (;
Right-O! Portland Timbers here we go!
Breakfast quesadilla is the special, start this wonderful day off right!
Save money on Exterior painting.Take advantage of our great winter rates now.Call for a free estimate today 619-562-5848 "We Love to Paint"
What's up #PackerNation Are you ready for some football!
I wonder if NMSU sports info media relations office can tip u onto how to find a ticket from school's allotment?
RT : It's time for a complete reset of economic development systems/institutions/policies. Cc
The best part about Sunday Brunch at Maguire's is...
okay keep following me, I'll follow everyone back later ...
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm - Bill Gegenheimer
Rt :CREATE YOUR OWN SUCCESS: R upcoming guest Elaine Del Valle created a hit one woman show. Do U have a story U need 2 tell?
#MaybeIshould cut all these fake mfs off
RT : Notre Dame vs Stanford tonight at 8:00 EST. Join us for a game watch.
HAPPY FRIDAY! What is everyone doing this weekend?
Cheers to all of the cheap ass tippers out there tonight. Yeah I'm talking to you
He came in to the office to try head joints, and was convinced he new exactly what he was looking for...
Leaving ABQ, travelling low and slow, OKC here we come!
it's been too long
People who I appreciate!
<U+2665>Marry the Night
"The Situation" confirms: he's in rehab. confirms: we don't care. please go back to real news. Thanks buddy!
#DexterDormRoomDays is top post on reddit.com/r/Dexter!! WOO :D
how come there isnt a bunch of oscar gushing for Warrior like their was last year for the mess of a film The Fighter?
#SomeoneWhoCan make me laugh and smile ear to ear
Thanks to all TChatters for a terrific night! great convo - learned lots!! Gr8 nite all!
65 and sunny again today. Lovin it
Boom figured out vegas.
I got paid to see the movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Mayor Rybak is currently the mayor of Room 15 at the Capitol. Tony Bennett is the Commissioner of Room 15. Now we need some senators
Thanks for the following!
More Cowbell Sweatshirt – Funny Adult Musician Pullover – Royal
Are u down with the get down???
The TCA's tonight! Goodluck we love you!(:
1-3 Silver Tongue Gender Race and Sexuality: A Discussion w/ Women in Self-Publishing w/ & Cristy Road 1104 S Wabash
I'm unhappy to say that I'm diet coke free today. it's sort of killing me....
Haha my sister was like "What are you reading.?" I was like NOTHING!!
Please follow me:)
your cominqq to see me?? :D
oh no, not there, but with my full time gig at
DECEMBER 11TH IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER, COME TO THE CRAFTY UNDERDOG TO DO YOUR HOLIDAY SHOPPING! THE MISSION THEATER PORTLAND OR!
thats real, and i appreciate it too. you gotta hit me when you're back in the city bro.
All of life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
At tha strip club with my boy tomatt
I encourage you all to pray, read study, praise and stop falling for itchy ear messages. Get out of the the money line and get in Christ.
Jar Jar was only 1d so 3ds brings him up to a bad 2d. Rt Star Wars 3D 1 more D of Jar Jar proved it could get worse
Finally a day of heaven ..
Just watched show again. Seriously, rivals shows you'll see on premium cable. Period. Just genius.
Damn I just saw your tweet! Aw man I'm late! :(
You have to accept the fact that some people will never fit into your life, no matter how much u want them to.<\3
HATE when someone says I can't do something. It just makes me try that much harder to do it.
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up! Chris Brown sit down. No wait you can stand up cuz YOU DO HAVE BLONDE HAIR!!!
Still working to complete a bridge for my 2nd single 'Do You Know'. Not a writer's block issue, lyrics are all there. Finding a melody shift
just tweeted the exact same thing...co-sign
Tweet me fashion blogs to stalk. I'm bored.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME. UGH
Love this heat wave right now! flower pants are in full effect!
Come down to Nob Hill bar and grill. We'll be getting freaky in about 30 minutes.
Why is it that USPS screws up when it's something really important?
Hey there!
Get that $ bb
prove it to me LOL
Hi there all. Thank you for your follows:
listening to Chopin. It's great for #MyHealth and yours. #music is #food for the
In front of more than 1000 NKY leaders, Chamber Chair Brent Cooper advocates for investments in education and encourages business engage ...
#RealTalk RT : It's funny that the people who know the least, have the most to say
#jimmydimora federal racketeering trial is pushing me rapidly toward my 1,000th tweet. Maybe next week?
#LABELLEMAFIA "PUT ON FOR OUR CITY" Concert Series AUG.25th at #ReserveLounge COME OUT & SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS! >
they always say keep the past in the past but it seems my past is my future .
Event planning is the 6th stressful job.
I miss you! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>meow
yes just lots with friends and family, wby sweetie?:D <3 x
they are with my albums i didnt do it in the group
Cool! What would you like to know??
Pacific Beach Locksmith : I.S.D. Locks and Keys ! full service mobile locksmith Wellcome to I.S.D. Locksmith We are the* High-Security Locks
Powder blue shirt? Check. Trolley ticket? Check. iPad + cel? Check. Other cel? Check. Clear eyes, full heart? Check. Let's celebrate
Thanks for liking my page :)
Saw in the crowd at the CMA's! Hopefully this time next year he will be receiving awards!! :)
Cause she ratchett.
This was a quick visit, but I was happy to see you awake this time.
indeed I am! Thanks for looking out.
you mean BMFC? Big Man on Campus might be fun too
Like followers?
#AcademySummit Roundtable Discussion: Capturing Medicaid Work and Charging the Right Fees: Attendees, what did you find helpful?
fix your shit first before you start with this smalltalky garbage. jesus, dude.
Gia Is My Girl ODEE But Spitting On People Is Nasty I'm Kinda Madd She Did That !
Prepping for #IronFork see you tonight!
Hi Daily Mile! If your followers want to support Charity Water this holiday season, they can! The pungle.me app. Check it out.
It kind of makes me sad how only 4 members of #OneDirection can sing at my wedding;)
Glad you liked it. It can be hard to stay quiet when you're a talker like me.
Keene State softball, lacrosse teams gear up for Little East tourneys - The Keene Sentinel
Some snow this morning in the Denver area with areas north and west of town reporting up to 5"...what happened to spring?
We're definitely not going to be friends for a day
im pretty far away but i took some and some videos :)
Computer lab seating: Boys in even seats, girls in odd. Better than assigned seating and keeping things calm & productive.
Paper on coronary heart disease and I'm just not focused, whatsoever.
What are AP exams
Thanks! RT : thanks for following! LOVE your shop!!! Favorite: my "317." shirt. :)
We know - Argentina & Holland are getting put on our list.
lol it says my gf is hotter than yours. Lol..not shorter..lol
Why must it be freezing in my house when i need to get ready for school? -_-
hey, i saw on your FB page that you know isabelle gillies? I just read her book--she's incredible.
omg nerds
Twitter now allows you to create a space on Twitter devoted to a specific event.
philadelphia: where are you? why do you keep slipping from our steering wheel grip?? better question: where the hell are we???
Should probably do my English..... Actually nah.
Don’t get me wrong, there are bubble signs all over the place. But, this is just a silly debate.
I smile because I'm happy and interested... no more, no less. Thanks :)
Do I get a free sandwich afterwards?
Follow my people's
I AGREE! I'd been hearing that joke for an hour. RT That was actually the funniest possible outcome to that call!
Can't wait for watermelon sweet tea and movie night with my lover:) I need a chill night after last night.
please for the love of god/easter bunny, bring on tour in the states. i'll be your bff if you do (imagine!)
Book your golf club rentals now for your winter golf vacation and save 25% until Aug 31st! prosetsgolf.com
I know. She is absolutely amazing. I cannot wait to see her play again!
thanks for following ;-)
Free, robust population modeling available at ifs.du.edu
lol its not everybody from there!
i need a JOB ugh
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a thousand times...
Midday break for showers. Rain & t-storms move back late evening through the overnight. Best chance coastal NJ, NYC, Long Island.
It's a Christmas miracle!! D-rose baby!!
someone posted a picture!! it's gorgeous. can't say i'd ever get used to it..... but gotta start bracing now i s'pose
You do know that Jefferson was an Athiest, right?
What's your favorite workout song?
The NO Saints are not living up to saints lol shady
Jerry!!,jerry !!
What noise does a cat make going down the highway? Miaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!
same here, and love you too twin!!!!! Dont let your legs fall off from playing dance central lol
If you have never eaten at The Bazaar at the SLS Hotel you owe it to yourself to go immediately. Like now. Seriously.
I LOVE IT!
I'm good like that!
one last online final and the semester is officially over. i don't even care if i bomb it at this point.
great set as well guys!
To estimate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, count the number of cricket chirps in 15 seconds then add 37
Thanks for tweeting me, I love it when people realize I am REAL! lol ;)
craving froyo, austin needs a pink berry STAT
Easily the longest and worst Monday of the semester.
some one broke in. Nothing in there thank goodness
#ICriedWhen you told me you didn't need me.
I never have bad days...some days I learn a lot others I just learn a little...but always grateful for everything <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
There was one guy in a laker jersey, the others were just in shock and the other 'fans' in there pretended to not care haha
your welcome hun:)
Take Melatonin 3 to 4 hours prior to going to bed.
Alex! I hope you can answer my inquiry and my iphone can be recovered. Thanks!
for a title what do you think of Love at First Sight or Fall for You? Just suggestions though.
Upload, tag and sort your own digital content
Love love love the pastel dress with mint pockets at
I respect those who respect me and forget those who forget me. Simple as that.
Thought I was done shopping but being a good sis and helping my younger brother!
Yep - you know it ;) Happy Friday!
Its goin down is playing on this bus...ok then, if thats how you feel
If someone doesn't open the door for you, cut a hole in the window... Embark on a relentless pursuit of purpose today!
#FF #Talent is
Impress your friends and family in 2012-hang a #MIKELPATRIKoriginal on your wall!
Not fair!!!
Decided to re-request everyone to "Get Some!" OK Gum.
Lonely Bull - Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass
(Here's a sticker.) "thank you" (it's scented, too.) "really? *sniffs*" (yeah, it smells like a sticker)
After signings of Coryell Judie and Gerell Robinson I'm upping my grade to a B-. Solid overall draft by #Broncos. Excited for training camp!
Who's got some new footage/photos? We want to see street skating!!
I try to write those moments down so that I have their memories when things aren't quite so awesome.
- Megan, thanks for registering for #UMBCsocial! We look forward to some great discussion at the unconference on 1/27.
#harlem #FREE Workshop on how to reduce PMS this Saturday at 2pm at
One Direction rocked the KCA's.
wtf is wrong with you man !?
Wise ppl do not need gimmicks or strings attached to support worthy causes! Simply appeal to their intelligence w/knowledge!
#Prop8 unconstitutional! 9th Circuit upholds the decision! Thank you
is leading the Atwater Village tour!!
- oh my goodness idk Wat I'm Getting Myself Into.
City: Edibles | Country: Richardson's | Waterfront: Castaways
Going back to sleep...
Keep my posted. This is super exciting and it's already my kind of place!
Wow I am afraid to ask about this! LOL!
RT : "When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves."-- William Arthur Ward
That dude was cute ^_^ hella noticed me looking &&' I noticed him staring back :) haha
i''l do anything fr ya but plzz follow back:)
Gonna end this work week with some comics and hope that the kid will sleep in past 6 am tomorrow.
Chunky Monkey, Pinot Noir and Inception.
My first choice is actor and producer, but I'm taking a HUGE chance doing this. Might ruin my career, but I can't stay quiet
Winston salem council votes to send occupy ordinance back to committee.
Corsets are everywhere. It's a very good thing.
Hey YO! I've been messaging you on Facebook....
maybe not...yet
Practice hard. Play hard.
Program Assistant Laura is leaving for New Zealand! Stay tuned for updates around February!!
hahahahha that would be awesome!
You like this new twitter pic?
great feeling! Congratulations!
might not hurt to also call the cops. That's pretty extreme
One Nice Beautiful assistant ref.
Hey you! Yes you! Go Follow she's a awesome and a good Mahomie <3
Ladies! High fashion AND Jewelry! Mary Frances Accessories - Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I don't know how they nog an egg, but I'm glad they do.
Maybe that's why our animals were restless earlier.
Don’t forget to come down to SPiN Milwaukee tomorrow night (with your 3 guests) for our FREE Elite Party!
How do i know what? what are you talking about...if what works? lol
“: Dancing hard to Call Me Maybe wish could see this performance.”
Thank you for the follow!
they think they're gangsta
I got a Bachelors Computer Science, then a Masters in Music, then taught film for 8 years at the Art Institute.
I'm currently in discussions with my agent about when I can make my next public appearance!! :)
thanks for following sweetie
Get ready to hear from us Austin!
Since Hubby fell asleep at 5:30, I'm hanging out in Granny's & watching House Hunters International. I want to live in some of these places!
are you trying to get a 30 year old man laid? hahahaha
Orlando doesn't have enough "magic" to win against the Bucks tonight! Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
yea sure
I thought Nomad Wide Screen was no more?
a special mother's day shoutout to my mom, step mom, mrs. shannon & mrs. labra ! i love these women to death !
I just held a contest this month. If u don't already follow u definitely should, they have contests more frequently
Missing my guitar for the first time in 2 months. It might be time to goof around for a bit tomorrow. We'll see X2
Haha, I love Jenna marbles
"#Mom I'm sorry if I over-task you with bedtime ice all the time" says a 9yo HamSter. The dudes like ice at bedtime...
YA FA STOPPIN BY BAR 11 AND CHOPPIN IT UP WIT US LOL!!!!
Hi, ! Excited to hear your story here on #twitter. Thank you for following me!
of they keep playing like they did 2 night!!
Does anyone have a blackberry torch that just automatically restarts whenever it feels like it? email me at: if u do
do you have any aileron control rods for a '77 172N?
If you really fancy something, sleep on it for a night. You'll realize that its less enticing the following day.
Great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together -Vincent Van Gogh
V = soft W. G = soft CH sound. Final S making words plural DOGZ = DOGSS. F is strong, breathy. Use T properly. BuTTer not BuDDer
John James he just had a real bad accident and was in the hospital for months. Sorry to hear about your friend John.
also it's obamas favorite show. He was a big Omar fan
got a new #MSUBulldog teammate
well that whole other T situation, is over.. so I've been hanging out with Jacob and he's goin with me :)
We were given an imagination in order to create a future based not on what we see in front of us but on what we see in our heart.
And... there's the JUMP AROUND! Crowd at Miller Park needs something to cheer about.
Bodemeister broke way too soon.
haha really can i?
Repealed don't ask don't tell??
Your right! RT : YOUR' living bro!
Need a new #fixie? Want to donate to your favorite cause? Hit two birds with one stone w/ to support on !...
you killed bob! ...YOU BITCH!
I've already been at the head of this line for 3 years!
:( :( I'm still going to visit
Sent scripts, thank you so, so much! Thank you! Matthew Ethan Davis
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the St. Louis Rams and the Seattle Seahawks for a free Scorzie!
Just started serving Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes..a pancake that looks/tastes like a cinnamon role. Now just $3.50 while they last.
Everybody DANCE
The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.
im suprise you wrote back but seriously that was artwork better than the godfather
MEE TOO!!:D
chris evans.
No insurance
i think about alot of shit i dont say but when it comes out to the person they dont be able to stomach the shit i gotta say
Hi Terry, Thank you for following! Have an awesome day!!
Looks beautiful!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your uplifting tweets.
Today is gonna be such a long day, I can already tell. /:
Nothing much
Why do you have to live so many miles away?
Mr. Freeze is where it's at! Love that one.
World Peace suspended 7 games.
chris pleasssssssssssssssseeee answer my this why do you answer my random questions
Feeling really good today! Had a great show Sat & a joyous Mother's Day celebration with my family this weekend. So grateful.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
USD and california
Update: selected by as an artist to watch for the month of October.
It's the same until we get a feel for our customers. We'll start adjusting the menu and adding specials soon!
whatever man, i just need some snacks and ill be set for life.
Joshua Jackson is filming his third-rate-network show "Fringe" outside my window. Is this the best celeb siting NYC has to offer these days?
# IS WORK NOT HUSTLIN R HUSTLIN NOT WORK EITHER WAY U PAY IN R OUT..HUSTLE HARD.
bitch you thirsty stfu
I love the way Popovich is keeping #gospursgo on their toes-he quite clearly stated how they have the best record but are not the best team.
Well that last exam went out with a bang, I mean bomb x_x
roses are red unicorns are pencil this poem makes no sense, toaster
Good morning everybody , what's good ? Ladies , yall lookin good today
The Rock know he fine !
Wow! End of an era as legendary Top 40 WABB/Mobile is sold to EMF; format flipping and staff will be released. Details in RAMP.
A huge thank you to , hands down one of the most supportive twitter friends ever! Follow for great recommendations!
chilled fina hit up a restraunt cant cook hungry af !!
Late night work...
Thank you, Kate. Glad to be walking with you.
Getting use to substitute teaching. Yes! Substitute for long term for a teacher on maternity leave.
thanks for having us on. It was a blast.
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - they're going 4 world record today .
My thoughts & prayers go out to the deacon family.
The colts are so predictable.
Keep at it. You can master it!
oh my gosh just please shut the f up bitch
Anybody know a good writer who wants some work helping us write some things for our web page?
- you need a wasp exorcist....or a REALLY big can of Raid.
Back at ya babe! Lol!
So Who is her? :3 x
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 5. No problem is too small! If it's important to u, it's important to your LegalShield lawyer.
Wait a second .. I dont want to leave Florence. I am so sad. I am going to miss you so freakin much!
I hate getting spots
And CeeLo wears a t-shirt?
All art is quite useless.
and how about u two take a little off of ur existing contracts so we can sign Nov, Lin, & JR and possibly Nash
glad you liked it! Thanks for the feedback.
can you follow me peyton <3 it would mean the world to me <3
Looking for a graphic designer for #LGBTQ community.
+ pork= the apocalypse RT : I had a dream that I was smokin' eatin' bbq w/ and of all people,
I need to stop wasting my phone battery in class. 62% what have I been doing?
Hanukkah begins tomorrow night at sundown. We wish everyone who celebrates Hanukkah a meaningful and joyous holiday season.
Gearing up for our first performance at Southern Theatre this weekend! The acoustics in the Southern are phenomenal. Who is coming?
Pretty darn ready to be home.
#mysuperpower read minds cause u really confuse me
I got money. Tuesday. Be ready
Good day Sir U ready 4 game 1??
I'm going to makea movie called "Un-Happy Feet" it's going to be about a bunch of wheel chair bound penguins.
TY! Makes my ears bleed. RT does Garrison Keillor annoy the hell out of anyone else? depressing poems are not part of a good bfast
Welcome Deepika Bala our newest member to \'spek-<U+02CC>e-ze\! Thanks for joining our page
I Now Work At Worlds Of Fun :3 Taxies Ambassador:)
I just had the socks knocked off me by the Help Team.
Yes someone as genuine as him with a good sense of humor, not some plastic skankosaurusrex!
And Dominick's. And the South Quad Snack Bar. And at Kline's Department Store. No wonder my grades were not so stellar.
Watching Americas Next Top Model with my sister
Get Blasted on from 8-10AM.Listen on WBNW 1120 Boston, AM1390-Plymouth, 970AM-Central MA.Online at www.MoneyMattersRadio.net
Been watching videos and just listening to songs of my favorite bands today. It's getting really hot in my room. O.o
Chged quote from Influenced by Common people quit when tired Uncommon people quit when the win
Making fudges :-)
Oh snap! New cousin on the way!! <U+E51A><U+E13A>
I love reorganizing and decluttering my house... Change is a GREAT thing no matter how small it is.
- Now we are talking!! #Barcelona is fantastic!
DJO did his thing tonite but Todd Mayo is that dude in the making ...
Mayor Daley spoke for many in IL about “Springfield bubble” --lawmakers are oblivious to the economy is.gd/bAG4o
Talls are boys over 5'9. Smalls are ....almost midgets.
Perfect time to try another bunt. RT Viciedo to PH for Fukudome
Check out this and manifest possibilities Amazing_predictions_know_yourself_.pps Cool test from the Tibetans.
Happy Birthday <3 Hope it's great !
Also, reminder for myself just as much as any of you - arguing with awful, horrible people is probably a big waste of time.
someone has a bad attitude and it isn't you!
Walking dead tonight. Huzzah!
Good luck to Go Fitness member, Molly DiSabato who will be participating in the Arnold "Pump 'N Run" on Sunday. We're rootin' for you!
. No TV, just radio. 1620AM or 1620thezone.com
Call today for 250 Business Cards only $15, but you must call 720-542-6105!!!
Am I considered old at 39? A yes.
Keep those questions coming in! We've got some good ones so far!! Remember...ask ANYTHING.....
when I don't know the language I do
Yeah I totally do that all the time. I try not to do it in public though.
Master's proposal hearing. Finally Sept 19th!
you did good though! Fun to watch the contest!
tell justin that i`m in love with him.
Expand your rational prospects by joining a distance-learning plan. We are linked only with the best schools in the nation....
Gold (continued): 2) lack of original argument, 3) disorganized presentation of the material, 4) internal contradictions.
Send away my friend. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your preschooler to Lets Get Moving with My Gym! Hear a story on being active & play with fitness equipment!
That Others May Live
Nobody laughed besides me so thts good aha
yo. we should hang.
hi there! Safe and happy trip to LA and LV. Hope to catch u for a moment:) luv, v
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: When working - eliminate all distractions. That means no television in the background.
all I want is a mermaid braid
In love with the Justin Bieber perfume.
I swear you break my heart again everyday..
You can kick me when I’m down, but when I get up…you better run motherfucker!
Pulling hard for the 49ers in this one. & know what I mean.. Damn Giants fans
No school for me today, home sick:(
im almost to 40,000 tweets guise.
More rain!
happy birthday yesterday!
Dayum lol I know I keep bugging you and I do apologize but you're the only knowledgeable person that I know for the time being
Absolutely! Especially for all the #Giantsfans RT Another morning to love
My man!
both look stunning! :*
LMAO i agree she made it really far
I don't think it's exactly the same: We can get better students, and play more of a role in admissions process. [1/2]
Oh don't worry, I knew you were crazy when you took time to prove your sanity. It's okay though, you're in good company.
#ilookedforward to summa.. camping, boating, hanging out w/ friends, roadtrips, etc....
If a pitcher hits you, an excellent way to get back at him is to STEAL HOME
the one by my house... off of 45
“: Gettin drunk at Caesars palace” did the real caesar live there!?
Those people that try to be slick and talk shit
Can not wait for my golf lesson tomorrow morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
So nice out <U+263A><U+263A>
Tons of great questions on I-9s from our attendees. Love to see them involved in the #BestSeminar!
Your making my day!!!!
another little cupcake shop closed. when will these businesses learn that you need 18 months of cash to make a new store work.
some people shouldn't even be allowed to use certain words, lol.
been a long day! Night
One of the best songs ever!
Got into the Wraith of Heros Beta. Enjoy it so far.
Whatcha doing for #SuperBowl?? Having a gr8 party? Tell me about it &we might go live on @ Ur house after the game!
Where my strong independent motivated ladies at??? Let's party :)
Yes, that's my fav pic of them cuz of that very reason! ;-) I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather, who passed this morning!
Hiring for a Mid-Level Network Engineer (w/ Juniper experience) with an awesome title: Assistant Director of Infrastructure. Salary is at 6…
we proudly donate a portion of every panty sale to the charitable organizations that make a difference in all of our lives. It's that easy!
I hope I did not sound mad tweet before last about Whitney Houston. I am just sad that is all. Sorry for the use of to many !!!
Going to get my Turbo Kick Instructor certification this weekend!! Have you ever wanted to teach exercise classes? What's holding you back?
ok I will and the omegas r steppin in suits! Hahaha but come on the promenade when its over
Thank god she's not pregnant.
i want a dog. BAD.
I can't even imagine.
Just stick with the whiskey bro RT : Is Bud Ice a ghetto beer?
wait a second... you're in NYC! you're just a hop away!
That freaky tweet you secretly like ;p
just one big ball of information
OMG! How exciting! This is getting better and better! Can't wait to see you. you must go now!
Distributor Quick Poll. Do u have a "go to" industry magazine (or website) that u always read to be up-to-date on trends and industry news?
If you are a knick fan and you hate on melo at anytime, please take your Knicks jersey off and become a nets fan.
Be selfish about what you let in your mind. Focus only on what you want. Use
Attitude determines altitude.
#Top100Lies "I'm sorry."
Anyone who is wrapped up in themself makes a mighty small package.
CM Spelman up first. Commends staff on work.
Come down to tonight for after-party! Starts around 12:30 a.m. Get yo moe face on!
Making breakfast =]
“ I dislike being told what to do but i like structure...is that odd?..”
Schweeeeeeeet! I'm pretty much right across the street from Magazine Poboy Shop.
Early a.m. behind the scenes tour with my niece and work to do before sleep. Finding the balance with life and life.
In what circumstances does one need a Hummer with off road wheels to visit the local zoo
please follow us on twitter
hahaha that's a great idea by Bryan
it's so true. I give up, all I'm going to listen to anymore is james gang, childish gambino and the "go" soundtrack
I will be tweeting from this account dont worry
Dinner at Marisquiera Bistro in Aspinwall tonight. You know it will be good.
I make hataz disappear!!!
I also laugh for no reason [: , lmao !!
& also a great person :) I mean a girl can look good & B da hottest but if her attitude ain't just as equal then she UGLY hehe
I thought I had a good vocab. But some of the words bein thrown around in this class is making me think otherwise...
Howdy!! Thanks for the RT!
My mouth is in so much pain...
"The Tree Of Life" = Amazing
Are you dolphin still? We have presents for you!
Low key I miss #OOMF even tho she thinks I'm a loser
and you're passing through Kentucky, right? I miss you!
life is all about moments of impact. <3
Nicole, you twerp, you totally blew it tonight. Rachel totally blew us away - the choice was SO clear... Argh! Rachel rocked!
going to be down in nyc at the end of the month would love to go to one ! ;)
Soon the Nazis will do a dos-a-dos in Germany, while our victorious troops will be grasping the hands of their comrades of Russia. [1945]
My job causes me to want to drink.
That's what Google Voice is for. Prank away!
the person i want to text me doesnt but plenty of folks i dnt feel like talkin to call me! :/ the universe hates me
Nights ...drivin round like 2night is why I love the DMV....beautiful sights & hiddn secrets all ova....wish I had my camera I'd take a walk
fine with me. It's more fun in person.
LIU Blackbirds a 16? What a joke!
believes marriage equality supporters r everywhere and any vote against equality is just acknowledgement that we r on the path to equality.
Couldn't have asked for a better ending to the half
Don’t be mad when she finally lets go and ends up with someone who actually gives a damn about her.
Standing ovation for Kinsey Wilson at Online Journalism Awards
The weekend is coming and that means....you guessed it, "Jazz Jazz Jazz!"
RT: Show her everyday that you love her.
No thanks
Me retiro...PARTY ROCK!
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
It's hilarious how similar Spurs and Arsenal are and how much shit we talk to each other.
NY NY big city of dreams..things ain't always what it seems.
": Monte Ball got arrested at mifflin?"<<< naw he got a ticket for $429
Goodmorning young world!.. Getting some early breakfast!! In well need of an energy boost!!! Then next stop is
Somebody has me wide awake with all these questions haha her lame a**
Listening to Whitney and remembering how much The Greatest Love Of All touched me during a tough time in my life - on
We appreciate the mention about the article!
'hahahs lolz! I'm so high I just text laughed in two different ways'
Luckily, there's drinkies later tonight and I will have some.
Might move to NC....kinda excited if it happens!
actual name is Brandy
After #JerseyShore of course <U+263A>
Whose coming to #Vegas this weekend?
I gotta check that doc! Her tumblr is incredible! #motivation indeed!
The Milwaukee Card, FREE for local businesses!!!
your welcome :) ! Its crazy weather i swear LOL Good morning
Pretty awesome last day in colorado hanging with #Nuggs and #Rox both lost but the company was top notch!
Reminds me it's time for lunch.
I said I that was dragging today. However, everyone heard that I was a dragon today! Now that is pretty cool.
Want to talk to you about an event this summer, who do we get with for that??
still wanna get a guest vocal spot on my next album with you, recording this summer. Interested?
Discipline yourself to prepare for presentations. Practice out loud until you are totally in sync with what you're going to say.
Hurricane #Ike is now about 30 miles south, south-east of Galveston Island. Still 110 mph Cat. 2 and moving to the NW at 12 mph
7.5 hours of still images of a digital clock (one every 5 sec) successfully downloaded onto my computer.
If the A/C at this graduation ceremony gets any colder, I will be able to turn chairs to ice with my bare hand.
What did you think of the show?
Just shows the intellect of peeps down here
it makes me happy knowing i'm married to freddie mercury in my heart
heard you guys killed it this weekend. Looking forward to the new album!
You know every time I hear the song " im sexy and i know it" all i think about is Pretty sure they wrote that just for him
Got 450 pictures in my phone. Some of this nonsense has to go now.
Halyn JUST finally picked out a church outfit....an HOUR later....haha! :) She's feeling so special !<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The last school night ever :((((((
I got 1/4 local cow for ~$400 last year. Doing it again. Best decision I've ever made. Beats store-bought meat hands(hooves?)-down!
I will never give up on him, he's my world. So stop asking why I put up with the bs.. It's worth it.
on right now! i'm going through Once Upon A Time, Desperate, GCB, The killing & Mad men before i take on #gameofthrones!
Happy Friday, busy day today.
I'll Have Another wins.
Portsmouth Pro Hoops Review for all free agents looking to pursue a pro bball career is on April 12-13 in Portsmouth,VA...ABIbasketball.com
Get so lonely in these physics classes since stopped coming to class...
No illegals....No burritos....
what would you guys rather see? You like the Reebok stuff? I'm mostly excited New Era is taking over the hats.
Random Twitter users, follow and un-follow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
Residence halls are open during the break and residential staff are on duty and available to assist residents if needed.
So looking forward to speaking to Suzanne Evans' 10K Club about philanthropy this week. More will be revealed!...
Chugged three Dr. Pepper's in a row without burping...now i feel the heartburn coming on and i'm burping till His Kingdom comes! Lol
therapy for a really tough day at work? your two year old playing the harmonica. both in and out breathing. like a blues club. fantastic.
US-MX #desal projects a priority for this week's #Border Governors Conference. Stupid when so much treated water is dumped into the ocean.
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell. I know right now you can't tell. But stay awhile and baby then you'll see a different side of me.<U+2764>
Ah yes, the very talented - I just wasn't sure if she did work au gratis...
Okay then!! Haha Love you buddy! xoxo
Happy 4/20! Just kidding! That's trashy. #<U+2B06>TheInfluence
*~stayed home from school 2day didnt feel like gettin up so mi mama let meh stay home...(=~*
if you buy a piece of my package I DMed you I can send refunds via Lock
where is point 8 address this evening?
we got our tix for Chicago, but wouldn't turn down the afterparty ;)
Nice job #Sabres !
I'm hoping to get a plo8 game going
Hey Wild Things fan: Check out a new member of our team-> Give him a 'follow' and check out what he has to say!
Mad shout out to just that addiction to sexy i can't help it
she's getting a ring
Tip your waiters! Thank you!
I lose a different pencil like every single day
Everyone has abs. It's just that most of us have a generous layer of body fat that is shielding our abs from the world.
I am a man am I a carrier? Anything like the swine flu? A lot of women would probably say man flu is a lot like the swine flu.
That looks like future you.
Happy Holidays, everyone! TGP will be closed Christmas Eve & Christmas Day!
that's awesome. how's the job search going?
yeah it shows! I hate when refs try n decide games. WACK!
#sexyfor30 tonight.... Oh lord.
Do they share any common traits that led to termination? Was something missed in the interview process? What to avoid?
my favorite Christmas movie... #You'llShootYourEyeOut!
Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly? Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad idea. Please. No.
lime mexican grill
Nothing like starting the morning off w/ some hard core training.... Next 3hrs gym time cardio, weights and of course abs.... Lego
A professional growth opportunity.. Bilingual Toastmasters of Milwaukee. Whether or not you are fluent in Spanish or English, it is a great…
Lysa's son is CRAZY, too. But Lysa is WAY CRAZIER. #GameOfThrones 105.
We are going to have fun, for sure! Cya soon!
Jeremy Rice is watching #Hockey #NYR #RANGERS #OT Soccer on Ice
My tummy hurts
haha ya I like England I would love 2 go again :)
...but y are we txting AND talking on twitter tho lmao
Seen a shirt today that said "Lol @ your SWAG.' Lmao.
I'm not a hooker! I just like to dress like one.
girls aren't complicated, you just have to learn to pay attention!
i just don't understand. I must have done some fucked up shit in a past life.
Home from a great soccer win (5-1) and then team drinks at speak easy. Me very tired now. Night!
I'm crying right now cuz this song is so emotional.
fun! I love Wen.
I'm at General Session 1
Give us a call when you do. RT “: I having a feeling im going be in a car accident soon.. Idk why”
Today, the Oprah Winfrey show called the Newark Public Library's reference desk for assistance.
Our song 'Mama Don't Cry For Me' about autism is almost at 500 downloads! Awesome! Download for free@ www.harkerwolfley.com
i finally get 's great song "Engines Make Me Hot" i'm on episode 8 of Firefly. [:
just saw Sideways again at local indy cinema. Wonderful. Your monologue is magical even after several viewings.
I wonder how old brother is?
I have to kneel in order to dunk a basketball
At halftime of bout 1, the BH Code Blue Assassins lead the Battlestars 51-40. Great skating by both teams so far. Not in the books yet!
thanks! I appreciate it.
-- ooh, are you the street code guy? What's this I hear about it already being used in Pioneer Square?? Do you have more info?
the test is impossible!
Me to
#FF for my most important twitter-friend !! follow her she is great<3
We Are In BETA on This Account We Are Building it Up for Your Best Service &Support US As Well
After all these years, David Wilcox's "Underneath" is still one of the most perfect songs, ever.
But what about the December #jmoms? D: SPACE tour is more worth it then...
When searching "careers" on Pinterest for work, the only thing that came up were the Careers from Districts 1 & 2 in Hunger Games...
In my eyes a real man respects a women , he doesnt cry -.- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>... So a " real man cries ( but hits his wife also)" thats not right .
One of the secrets to the passion in my business is to never let go of the 12 yr old child, who still loves to color
Yes big time rush won !!!
Stupid shit. Every time.
: We are gonna need a report on the brother-in-laws phone ordeal ===> Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
#10YearsAgo we were located in the Rock Pointe buildings ... now we're in our beautiful downtown office space and loving it!
Flanagan came under fire after his decision bc he signed a Walker recall petition, but did not disclose it. Walker is named in the suit.
1 of the most important things I've learned about acting is that u can't separate how u live your life and how u practice ur art -Larry Moss
thanks. I'm really excited about the future.
Thanks Andrea! You're my 1st Pinterest buddy :) Great pins, by the way. Did you make that tye-died quilt?
u look good
Personalization fail: I just received a marketing email with the subject line "firstname: (no subject)"
Of course I forgot the boutonniere at home!! ugh
Hm, I apparently don't have invites to give. I was able to get in by signing up for Klout.
Unfortunately, not this year. We're hoping to have something for next year's campaign.
I thought the same thing, and then I realized there are so many things I want to accomplish tomorrow for which I must prepare.
Still haven't heard from regarding my PSP incident. Looks like I'll be shopping elsewhere from now on.
i'm 100% on-board with you... I just think you're a little overly optimistic. We'll get our change... in 25 yrs.
awkward? i think NOT.
do any of the graduates there have facial features?
Another day, another webinar... This time, QR codes in libraries
- Yep. LL Brown is sick. Love the promo graphics too.
Agree. Even if you don't like the story it's disrespectful to be negative. It takes courage to publish & that deserves respect
Just started season 4 of shits about to get real
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU!! LETS BE PART OF YOUR TEAM, OUR GOAL IS TO HELP YOU TO INCREASE YOUR HOMES POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE.
Auditioning is like dating. You buy a special new outfit, give it your best shot, feel hopeful and elated when it goes well,
Home again, home again with
Forgot to mention it was Anamorphic, as in 35mm Anamorphic. What just happened?!? Amazing.
Turkey to Mongolia! Composing the movie score now!
Are you looking for low cost spay/neuter services in central Ohio? Check out our Resource page for links to area service providers!...
I like desirable calamity, makes me think of Calamity Jane and the women of the Gold Rush era.
Sorry Chip, that's #followfriday Forgot to add the OB. He is tops as the first 2 report #sportsnews -gets the scoop!
its ok. just remember my b-day is november 23 and tell everybody on twitter for me g2g *hugs*
all them girls was trash lol Id take ma weave out fa dice lol I aint ashamed I still got long hair boo lmao
Mint Condition coming to Showbox Market on July 20th! Wuuuuuut!?
ok cause I wanna hangout and go running!
Our sub bus driver is freaking the f*ck out. Geeze, calm down lady
i'm a riot in the streets, and you're a cheap little whore.
Super windy in Seattle also. Just make sure that store doesn't lose power!
Watch today talking about & abused/neglected/abandoned kids.
What a beautiful day - flowers everywhere!
has a Texan I am shocked we lost this contest to LA
Bout to go in on this #MERCY y'all ain't ready maaaaaannnnnn!!!!!!
How much are the oil companies making? Something to think about when you're paying $4.00 plus. tonight 5pm
Having a Queeb filled road trip.
Jen sucked last night. Yay Elise!
Paul Van Dyke Tonight @ Myst! Get tickets @ tickets.slentertain.com P. Code 0317 before u pay the door cover! HIt me up @(602)882-0317..
Bout to head out to wildcat warehouse in madisonville to stand in line to get my sons first autograph from
Girl in a coma in the morning \m/ fucking rad
When do you ever want to talk about it. ?
LMAO :) I know :) #TweetDelete! didn't know if I took that one 2 far. Love Ya'll
We're holding an open house at our office in the loop on Friday. Msg or DM me if you want to come by and I'll send you a link.
Wilson's hot tamales donate's pledge to feedthechildren.org|play60.com please be aware make a donation thank you mr.wilson$$$$
Granted we kept it close n prolly coulda won if that bs goaltending call on randolphs shot was awarded... but bring em on
WELCOME TO MIAMI FLORIDA AUSTIN <3
you shouldn't bragg about something that doesn't even belong to you
I texted my mama at like 3 o'clock and told her I was home. Why she JUST text me back and say "ok" ? lmao
Thanks, Mike. It's the little victories that start to add up and make things better. Good stuff. Hope you are well!
Yea, tomorrow is good :)
Exhibit hall is open. SWAG TIME!
Passion is ten times sadder without the music in the background...but it still gets me every time.
S/O to for rocking a dope 16 on this record! Be on the lookout for her on ISMCV4, too!!!
It's almost 2am and I'm bumping the shit out of this show in my Living Room. My neighbors gotta be pissed.
Do people roller blade there? I used to love roller blading back in the day.
BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?
#TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowForFollow #FollowForFollow @ me when u've already #followed so I can #follow u back!
can you give me an example of a book that is for "all time?"
Sent Matt to the store to pickup Hershey's chocolate syrup.
Thought for the day: U can't be unhappy while smiling or singing.Strong connection b/w living healthfully & having cheerful outlook on life!
At #WorldofDance with
follow back? :) please.
Cathy and I have successfull moved to xbox w/ Hulu Plus for all our video consumption.
Please say you can live tweet this! I've alerted the media (via FB)
if they ever put it out i will let you know what i think of it!
$3. Just read you are 8,000 times more likely to be murdered or struck by lighting twice before winning lottery.
Listening to Stone founder of Twitter talk on Content as a Means for Social Change
will u tweet me a sexy pic?
The phone works both ways...
I love my hometown Bearcats all the way!!!!!
No! dusted grated cheese w/flour. Heated wine to boil. Combined slowly while stirring. Melted but kept wanting to separate. ?
"i will be back to the philippines this saturday! just letting you know" tweeted by Dumbo Poreotics!!!!!!
Fairview beats Grand Junction 3-0 to advance in 5A girls soccer playoffs.
Well now that is all taken are of, road tripping to Topeka with Look out cornfields!
my day is all off today, woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Congrats on the goal. Here's to a ssafe trip! Glad to have you in Philly.
<--- Needs to get out more and meet new punky/gothy/people who like what I like, FRIENDS (and pretty boys LOL.)
Thanks for all the #occupywallstreet updates!
you can't take like 2 seconds to get food? It's not even 9:30. Haha
what would you want to know about proxy baptisms and the Prophet? Why would that change anything?
SPAM (not the food) should be illegal!
Lucky you! I just arrived in Washington DC and drove around with hopelessly lost taxi driver!
The Breakfast Meeting: Touch-Ups at Teen Magazines, and Goldman&#39;s Friendly Face
Yes, I saw you! Darn it, we'll have to meet at some future meeting.
Good morning....
:))) what about boy
Excited yet nervous for orientation and training tomorrow! Hope everything goes well. Wish me luck!
Really tough break for #goSpursgo last night-as PTI noted tonight: Ginobili's broken hand is a real loss for Spurs, especially with only 66.
I will be releasing a new song very soon! I also send free new songs to my mailing list. You can sign up here: www.tiffanyparke ...
One word: STARVING.
I'm surrounded by them!
Top food thinkers to present this Saturday. EWG's Ken Cook among the speakers
thank you!!
actually I'm just planning to steal some from your office.
Ethiopian women are "beautiful"!!!
Love how #Congress applauds #POTUS when he calls them a bunch of dummies.
“: I NEED to take a damn nap”
LOL. This RT : I'm confused. Isn't traditional marriage when you don't have sex?
Just watched my Favorite rapper's Hologram. it look so real, i started crying. I miss tupac. ThUG Life!
Going to sleep guys but i'll write up a post tomorrow about pat's birthday present! night guys!
ha! confirmed!
#IWantYouTo be true to yourself & love you for who you are.
I love you Kevin ! you're AWESOME <U+2665>
I Swear I Catch Like 3 Flights A Month Smh
I haven't. What is her blog address?
have you ever noticed the warnings on the shredder? there's a little person. Don't shred children?
We should take our show on the road!!
#InstantTurnOn: Serving a big powerful Koch.
Hi, I got the email before the outage but because I didn't download the attachment I can't get to them at the moment.
but they will be sure to add 30 more loud and annoying ex-athletes to their broadcasts.
thanks for supporting !
Obama and osama are spelled alot alike... Maybe this is not a good sign
RT : "Honk if you love Jesus. Text and Drive if you want to meet him."
yep almost anywhere you want. We deliver for over 150 restaurants in the Cleveland area
Future news: A Brit woman died skiing across #Antarctica : British woman heads for South Pole, attempting to ski solo across
I love you
Beautiful Avitar..love your swag!
im gonna tell u a fun fact: New Jersey was one of the thirten colonys ( ik i suck a facts oh well :) who cares)
Drinking Milwaukee's finest new beverage, the Ryan Braun, on the rocks.
Watching Meet the Press with Kinsley.
the second one from the right is a real dog. :)
I sent it ! Not that he's gonna reply though -__-
Tabatha's Salon Takeover!!
"Most of us spend too much time on the last twenty-four hours and too little on the last six thousand years." - Will Durant
You ok Super?
The Super Bowl is always boring. Always.
seriously. did he must have a block of mercury in his shoes.
Tip: A reliable contractor will display professionalism and quality workmanship.
A person who sits to watch to TV for three hours a day is 64% more likely to die from heart disease.
man Bud Powell can really help the writing flow!
Would you be willing to talk with us about bike theft this weekend?
how do you get here under my skin? something about you is so addictive, we're falling together, you'd think that by now i'd know
have fun tonight jess & happy new year! Loveyou<3
he is the x factor, the pick and roll runs so much better with him
We ALL have a few failures under our belt. It’s what makes us ready for the successes. ~Randy K. Milholland
They said this is their last show :( So glad I'm here!
NYC next week
Did I see that right? Some guy got an ESPN tat on his face? Uh, really?? Sounds like one of those decision he'll regret later in life.
Hope you guys are safe.. Crazy weather your way
Excellent! " My roommate watched all short films in one sitting wants to do it again! #goodword"
No Don't Go Way,Boy You Got My Heartbeat Runnin'Way!
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
Nice Trace!!! Looking forward to it! Lemme know when we gonna see in Venice?
Yes, I agree completely. It's like x-country skiing in the disparity between how it's perceived & its actual dynamic.
If we lived in a world filled with drones. We would live in a boring place. In my world we create. In your world, you dissipate. sorry.
lol loving it :)
Do you have a link for that spot?
We've yielded our coverage today to Tune in!
oh that is delicious.
:( well at least it'll get better
simply thrilled for the extension. Life is looking up
What was his name? I bet we can get him to be a Crew STH..
I'd love it if you would and apply for #b2B #sales positions at #ADP in #Princeton #NYC - Tweet me!
I put them by bed and by living room couch. Kitchen islands are handy place too.
Zeke has apparently given up sleep for lent...mine and his
is bad as shit !”) I will give up my left nut to have her for the NIGHT!”)
Stephen King marathon on Pet Sematary: Creepiest achilles tendon slicing in a horror movie.
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th.
Watching Republicans debate is both hilarious and pathetic. Also sad.
Who are the awkward looking gingers standing behind Barrett? You shouldn't be on camera
My pleasure! :-) RT : I know! Thanks for the ! Yum!
Q1) Tried one this year and was not very successful. 1 hr webinar is one thing, but 2.5 day conf. was conflicting with other work
Gallery hopping tonight, then Fells Point!
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
I agree - we're just looking out over the ECC now!
happy thanksgiving to all . Im givin followbacks and shoutouts as thanksgiving gifts
I LOVE YOU OK
ohh.. And is THE best iPhone Twitter app!!
Disruptions: Tech Valuations Defy the Restraints of Reality
Dam Mya don't hurt nobody my favorite!!
RT : still playing with the juicer. mint, pear, vodka, sugar rim. this is going to be the best thing to happen to cocktail nights
the aunt flow heck no one was a point for me... or since we're 21 shall i say... you no longer count points.. but rather pints
What does anyone know about The Storehouse? One of ABQ's #1 givers to the less fortunate no matter what time of year it is.
Some say I'm heartless or even a bxtch ;
"I'm going to raise my own debt ceiling. Might put in a fan, too." -- Jim Fletcher []
Okay so this girl needs to get out the shower so I can continue to get ready.
So many options going INTO and OUT OF the high screen and roll for the Spurs. That's good basketball.
Sure...only if I can wear a Duck's shirt ;)
Maybe you can use them for your next report lol.
In the spirit of progress and moving forward we should DEFINITELY let Rose Bowl/P12/B1G make sure everything stays the same
Rep. Clyburn, former secretary of education Riley, and talking to students in SC.
morning bookie! & up da street from my neighborhood!
When you go from talking to someone every single day to nothing at all
Ok, seeing a lot of hand-held devices and e-readers at CES, but some are confusingly large or missing features...any predictions, people?
Np Alicia keys - distance & time
Fields come on now
haha i guess. Although having long hair is kinda annoying sometimes...I always just want to chop it all off...but i'll regret it.
Welcome and big hugs! Barbara
I really don't appreciate you going on a tweet spree when I'm asleep. Let me know next time. Don't leave me hanging bro.
Just got a ticket....lovin life....
RT “: This company -->>>> supports hate with ads on Rush Limbaugh. #stoprush #P2”
Disappointed w/ the #ISOJ12 mobile panel's navel-gazing back-pat session after shared some actual thought.
Sad i wont be drinking wine at the presidents house tonight ...
RT : Attention FL fetish folk, dommes and escorts: stay the fuck away from anyone requesting outcall sessions to Polk.
Happy Graduation Day ! You should be proud of your amazing accomplishment, love you!
0.o how does that happen?
nevermind. I should have paid better attention.
Well #rookie mistake it's 2:33 on shot chug.
Atmospheres Family Sign has become one of my favorite .
savannah.. he was lying haha
The AZ Debate is giving me a headache :-/
Be brave. Go outside of your library for marketing. Be a part of the community and let the community promote for you.
With my freeze ray I could stop -- the world
#Moonshine is awesome! Thanks for hosting our fundraiser..
2LiveCrew 12" thesaurus post feminism remix RT : Face down, ass up, that's the way we like to critique patriarchal hegemony.
OMG WTF NOT OF YOU IN THE SHOWER !!! of whatever you buy ..
Ok tornados touching down near Arlington let me get my ass home ASAP!!!
Grilling out tonight. Q, bong, jenni. The usual suspects.
but yesterday you had a great fitness evail, I'd say your results are pretty awesome! #keepyourchinup :)
Hey everyone waiting on 8th street for come across the street to Champion and see some art to pass the time. Free!
Yahoo! Thanks for including us! RT : Dinner date tonight with my bestfriend!(:
5 mph on the 405. Take THAT Mother Nature!
Thank you to those who have messaged us and told us their opinions regarding our music!
Shocked #oomf actually hit me up....cuz he good for standin me up.
For the month of February, buy 1 cup or cone & get 50% off your second cup or cone! That's a lot of yogurt, people.
The realization that you have potato salad in your fridge. c:
NF one of my ELITE bxtchesss :-*
The acting from William Hurt and Glenn Close on season 2 of Damages is brilliant
so sorry. I guess I got a little fired up at the idea, unaware about impact on nearby eardrums. Pardon me. :(
88's not a rookie either so ppl expect better play. RT : He's only 24 No. But #88 underperformed.
oh! I was just making sure! He said there's a chance of you hating me and I didn't know why?
Chillin but focused.
Happy Birthday my dear! Have a great day! Hope you are enjoying it!
off his new cd
Like a wise man once said "I gotta keep mah pimp hand strong"
why do you let Lampley be a commentator for Roach fighters?
Oh...they charge every time you play it?! Wow. I thought it was a one time charge.
The Pacers are getting home cooking... In MIAMI!!
the 2006 primary I presume you mean..
ha! that's about what I was thinking ;)
it was a vote not a rotation.
Could you please turn the heat lamps on? It's getting chilly and I'm kinda a wimp.
notice how Cox and Curry gave credit to Washburn? Who's the DC again?
Have to shop for company this weekend. Will have about 12 people coming to stay. I LOVE hostessing & cooking & making people comfy. :)
Don't you cry, tonight. There's a Heaven above you, baby.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
just DMed ya'
ever since the concert in Indy, I've had "Drops of Jupiter" in my head nonstop!!!!
lol , this is super funny
Studio time
READY 2 RIDE!
The most loaded Security Question ever: "With whom did you go (or want to go) to the prom?"
Happy Star Wars Day!
Brad Ross on right now on NW Sports Tonight
the sad
The same bees they unleash at the never-ending US Dept of Ed meetings? :-)
who are you
Got a bunch of homework that's due tomorrow.
Good point! What's hypocrisy worth if it isn't genuine?
I like the way you guys think!
Hey , safe sledding tonight!
Today on Updates from the Realms 8am PST we're talking #Ascension and Integrity. Be sure to tune in for this Inspiring Hour....
More sage advice from my over 20 years and 300 project experience tomorrow.
Let's go Dawgs!!
he's actually Katy Perrys DJ
my girlfriend doesn't wanna text me.. so I'll just lay here.
im sad .
I hate school
Not gonna lie, I wanna pleasure myself to my baseball lineup
I thought jack frost was supposed to be a nice winter movie about a boy and his snowman dad... not a physco
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
WE'll have a NEW 4 SONG EP available at the show Friday!!! YAY!!!!
Last full day in Seattle and the weather is gorgeous! Working on my final Immersion project outside.
RT So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend. On the other hand, only 10 mnths til Christmas 2012
two kids thy don't even know their real dad
Sometimes I don't fit in with my long distant aunts/uncles :/ .
I wish the show was outdoors today that'd be soo nice
follow back
she's probably never heard a suicide silence song in her whole life, it's so annoying -_-
Obvi. You didn't have to tell me that. RT My grandmama is a gangsta!
be ready for #shuffleboard tonight!!
CEO Says Nokia Needs Big Change
Great advice from at lunch: Break down the work-life balance and just be yourself in all aspects of your life.
Good day everyone!!!! I hope #EcoMonday has been swell.
RT : CAMERA HELP does anyone with a Canon camera have any lens suggestions? I know nothing about what I'm looking
Hybrid design isn’t just for cars… Solid state arrays meet robust scale-out SAN data services. NEW LeftHand P4900
IF RNG LEAVES, OMFG I DNT EVEN KNOW. IN A WAY, ITS LIKE IB FINALE ALL OVER AGAIN
jus got off. work
that's what we love about Chicago-great buildings hiding around every corner.
Don't push the elevator button. I am standing here. I already pushed it
let biznasty play!!!!!
“: I wish I remembered my MySpace password.” wish I remembered my access code on my answering machine, #landline!
Taylor Swift and her band are a class act! Congrats on her accomplishments.
It really was, and so delicious! “: you are very welcome and it's so easy!”
nope did Eric ?
thanks for checking us out!!!!
Woohoo! We'd love to see pics! RT : So glad that temp tattoos arrived. I might wear one awards
Bill Raftery with the Homer shout out! cc:
now I just need to be extra active :-P
We were screaming the same thing!
Yes, eating chips now. But they're mostly carrot chips.
#ThankYouBreAnna -- BreAnna is a 16yr old girl who is taking care of a single pregnant belieber/simpsonizer named Emily <3
...fire lit on ass...lol
Just saw a commercial about "Stompeez!" and they have slippers called "Sir One-Eyed Monster". And we wonder why our youth is so advanced, ha
THEY BETTER WIN TONIGHT OR ILL BE MAD JUST Alittle
At least I can always remember the model of my first car: none.
5 DAYS UNTIL THE TEXAS TESTOSTERONE FESTIVAL! (Oh dear. Just made a mess. Putting that one at the BOTTOM of the hamper.
is to Apps, what DeLorean was to cars. Cool, fun and stylish then run into the ground... Well minus the cocaine charges
$10 for 1 Month Unlimited Tanning & Gym Membership ($65 value)
RT:I Always Clutch Doe RT:There's a team in la that will be losing today
Researchers propose giving out statins with fast food to combat the cholesterol...what about all the other health issues?...
cuz I wanted to!!!
Your new best friend
Are you watching SNL?
New headshots at work means new Twitter photo! Love the purple background!
Everyone should go wish a very Happy Birthday to one of my bestfriends, :)
Ah... Equal Pay Day... we meet again and you're as tough as ever :(
Caramel bugles FTW.
Thanks boys! :) RT : Everyone go listen to They're sick. Thanks
Aw I love my man so much! Always knows what to say! Im a lucky girl! Except when he gets me mad :P
"Ladies and Gentleman, please give it up for our friend Taylor Swift" -Joe Jonas...[Su pelicula en 3D] Friend!?!??! Are U kidding me!!!??
and should both be in the top 13.
Thanks for the RT! :)
X games yea baby!
Working both weekend nights but not to worried about it cause I'll have all my energy saved for SUPER BOWL SUNDAY
Retail therapy is the best!
I love the curly hair on you
do 9 seasons. Fucking classic show.
Maximilian Schich will speak on “Understanding the Ecology of Art History”, 4:00 Tues. Dec.13th. John Hay Library
Thanks - a pleasure to chat with you!
RT ": thanks again for not going public with all the nude photo's you took of me!!”
He Had Addias On With No Socks -__- .
Congrats on #10000 wins from The Cincy Brass!
heading to little old Scotland next year! I'll have to pop into this pub!
I guess my brothers at that age though. -_-
I hate feeling like the odd one out!
G2G see you later twitter got school ah hate Monday's hope I get follows I follow you back I promise ;)
#ARTTHOUGHTZ, for real. Can they? I often wonder how deliberate these actions can be.
And the reality is that govt will one way or another! But if we stopped paying folks 2 hav kids! Things would change!
I really wish my trip "up north" was this weekend and not next. I could totally go for some Christiano's Pizza. m...pizza.
can't believe I am already planning holiday schedule with family! not even halloween! but i will be prepared!
Yeah, AirPlay has been iOS only so far, though a few 3rd-party developers have added unofficial support.
im going to cry ...
well done Sir.
…cont) started 2 pinch her dirty white cheeks
wait, you're with now? That's awesome!
Fantastic! Shared it everywhere!
Back to school shopping
Bo ryan is getting railed on #mikeandmike get him guys!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)9
also in Dublin til Sunday. If you have free time let me know! (assuming you mean Ireland)
i wasn't trying to throw the kitchen sink at him as much as I was trying to tell him I had a kitchen sink
I wish YOU still followed me & I wish YOU still talked to me & liked all my tweets.. Hopefully YOU know who YOU are.?
pizza with chopped steak, shrimp and a side of mac n cheese
So glad you like it! I LOVE your ProTecht shampoo compliments
“Dancers shouldn’t be dancers if they don’t love the dailiness of it." - Merce Cunningham
Goodmorning ppl! =) So happy me and bby are taking a visit back to my City.....San Antonio. I was just starting to miss that place! =)
That is too cool. Did you have fun at the luncheon?
aye what up girls? :)
I read today, "The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention."
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself."
Saw that "Yesterday's Future"! Trying to see if I can. Tough, hubs gone and Will leaves 7:45 then 1 hr drive.
with and ready for first drink!!
good grief Sarah, if you only knew the inferiority complex ppl in MKE & WI already have about that.
Awesome! So excited--I will get you something soon! Thanks so much!
ON AUGUST 10,2011, THE FIRM FAMILY WILL BE HOSTING AN ANNIVERSARY PARTY FOR D*N DILLINGER AT THE G-CLUB DOORS OPEN @ 9:00 P.M.
Cambridge..thanks for allowing me to study at for my finals...Blasting techno sure does the trick
no problem :D
You go girl!! Break-a-leg on your test!
Starting to read actors with director Tom Prewitt for "Bobby Gould in Hell" by David Mamet!
I love as much as the next web head, but their headlines are such link bait. like: "8 Hnady Styluses to Boost Your Creativity"
if u get em let me borrow em
says "I'm busy in here...my P31 list is so long"
yes. and one time I tweeted about the ABBAMania tix and got a snotty response from the MKE rep.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT I'M FRAMING THAT TWEET
Today in 1840, German Physicist Friedrich Wilhelm Georg Kohlrausch born. Kohlrausch investigated the properties of electrolytes.
Contracts, websites, new designs, sick kid, editing film, hungry hubby & I will still get my 3 mile run in b4 midnight!
It would be really nice if I could not drop food on myself everytime I eat
Two nuclear reactors now taken off line Va! Well, news is saying no Sunami should hit!
I wish you could've too!!!! Hopefully next week you can go!!
We were SO excited, Steve!! Track has been great for Lexi on many levels.
omg yes let go cart
you used to be the shit now you aint shit
me to
Need to get out of jersey city ASAP not trying to spend me summer here
hahahah love you!
Ok I'm going to try this again, lol. Night guys :)
You know it's going to be a classy conference when a homophobic company's bovine mascot greets you.
Morning ! Its gonna be a hot ol' day !
hello friends! thanks for following! -nhf
if i could do one thing over in my life I would be a better father
Happy Birthday Chicago!!! Incorporated as a city on March 4, 1837. Also, ALA's headquarters are located in this beautiful city.
Hmm, go for it! You've been single for too damn long.
Anything on tv tonight?
Enjoying summer sun in the backyard.
2nd Fav look of the night is Gweneth Paltrow in the incredible Mr.Ford
Intense 30 minute 7 cup epsom salt bath! Itchy scalp...should have washed the salt off? Yeppers!
There is never too much to write. That's called SEO.
Claire Danes nipple!
Hey do u still talk 2 the nene and dem.
LMFAO ... RT This just isn't my day... It could be raining titties and I'd get hit in the head with a dick...
Everyone is responsible for security. Many attacks from USB & external drives. Educate your staff.
desired dates are available...pls spread word to your clients about my new summer dates
... the roads aren't that bad! Make it happen!
So far! Thanks for checking
Oh, I see, Verizon is now calling their legacy data network "NationalAccess". I guess that means it's their fallback when EVDO is absent.
Could someone please PM me the URL for a video stream of the Colorado / Houston Dynamo game?
Can't wait for #secretlife tomorrow already have it set to
We have been live for only 5 days and already have 153 followers!! Can't wait to see you all on April 5th for
I'm dumb as shit for jus puttin my JR in the bathtub wit his socks on...smdh
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Absolute EyeCare.
depends on what it looks like...
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Deep Blue Organ Trio arriving Detroit. Playing the Fox Theater tonight, 8 pm. Opening for Steely Dan!
We may always wonder about the "what if's" but we learn to live in the present, not the past
Downloading now....
...#StillWaitingForMyBusPickup....You KNOW you wanna take a wrong turn & end up in Indiana, RIGHT? I need a 2nd drumstick...
haha ok lets take a break from the tweeting soo i wont go in tj
LOTS from inc 4 founders MT great presentation @ #ibmimpact! C U R based in Pgh. Wondering if any of my CMU colleagues there.
At Escondit for dinner & drinks with my buddies!
Hump day @ the Farm..get your week moving & come in to pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
from the looks of it you weren't even considered her "texting buddy" you were straight up ignoring her :x
yes, their Santa Rosa spot is the bomb! I schedule extra time to stop in each week...such a good vibe!
Having drinks with April, archivist extraordinaire at NASA!
I used to be a Jerk too... But then I grew up. I think it's time you do the same.
lol madison is my bff <3 pisces and taurus rule the world 2012 shes just perf i mean look at her plus shes so cute <3
No problem. Drop me a line at and we'll make a plan.
at the new office = the best Friday!
Too Many To Count. Who Wants To Know?
taking pictures or our awesome country.
Mf , I Ben Wondering This Exact Same Thing For The Last Four Years!
sounds like a Harry Potter spell.
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."
let me know how it is though if you cop.
I love it when software automatically does the right thing.
You look amazing! You should just wear that everywhere. Church anyone?
wow!!! I kept getting bees in my house a few wks ago-there was a colony trying to make a hive-we killed like 300
you are far too kind! P.S. - We need to hang out soon! :D
well hello there...I wondered where you were!
Ariana may be a pretty face, with a nice voice to YOU. But to ME she's a caring, young girl from Florida who became my hero.
omg I would cry.
What an exhausting day. Baking baking and more baking.
WATCHING OKC VS LA & WORKING ON SET FOR UPCOMING SHOW
RT Use all mechanisms at your disposal. Don't just post vids on YouTube, add links 2 FB & Twitter, etc. -
You didn't have Passover at 's place... chocolate- and caramel-covered matzo... amazing.
my phone is about to DIIIIIIIIIIEEEE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Not many people are followed by both and
watch 'Meet The Robinsons'.
I have seen the work you've done Mr. Crowe, and it amazing. I was wondering if you could help me just this once, thank you
Who do you think is the funniest WWE superstar??
What brings you to the left coast?
That smile doesn't last long be cause loneliness Makes sure I'm reminded of my flaws. .... The realist sh*t I've wrote in a min.
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they really have all the tools needed to procure perfect wealth.
im writing a paper about " how bullying affects victims" i had to pick the topic&when i saw that one i thought of you : )
No more beer... well, for two weeks. Let's see what happens. #BeerBellyOrSmallBaybay?
I love you
It's Mother's Day, so I played with my patio plant babies and then eradicated about a dozen slugs.
i love so much. she is the best and i cany wait to see you.
that's how I felt
Happy Friday! :-)
Last week skate park. Today bmx park. Next week?
I used to be this guy sitting with an open heart, now my computer screen’s the only place I feel a spark.
Longest road trip ever! It was supposed to be a five hour drive and it definitely felt like 11 hours + FML!!!!!
The wave is as fucking stupid as Dickman
ended a party funding raising phone call with "i'm a registered lobbyist so I doubt you want my money"
Eww what's in Texas?? lol
First thing to do today: Tweet Happy Birthday. "Happy Birthday, People's Champ!!"
“: Kanye West must be pissed that Dior chose Raf Simons over him.” lmao.
What a hit by the secondary of OU, Ouch!!!! Hope that WR of FSU is ok.
getting stuff together for our 2 newest touring shows - "The Jeepney Tour" and "Double Happiness."
Hopefully your reply to me about Crazy Blind Date bumps my K score :).
I am ready to get out of here.
We're experts at yacht and boat cleaning to remove mold and water damage. In addition to being yacht dry cleaners,
Great blog post, Jenny. I wish I could have gone with you to see Gayle speak Fri. night. :(
Shoot day!!
TOO LATE
are u serious! uhm u dont have a computer? lol
Ended the day at a reception featuring Emily Saliers and her father, singing her songs and his hymns. Quite lovely and even moving.
Just when I thought she was the one. Guess I will be team single forever
My MLB.tv subscription ran out, and no $ right now to turn it back on. : (
you poor thing. Would you like a batman or spiderman bandage???
Man where they find Tami at lol
Knock KnockWho's there !Belle !Belle who ?Belle-t up and open this door !
done. Thank you!
Talking with my best friend
I would be beyond stoked if there was a Burgatory downtown. I would go every single day.
He'll be back in Detroit lol
Most girls don't think they're like most girls
going really well. Love the city and enjoying new challenges.
Seriously! Makes me queasy.
so true! Reading Tarek Osman's Egypt on the Brink, I've got appreciation of Egypt's 20th century struggles.
In OC who's going with for thirsty Thursday?!
I cannot relate ta dis song at all
Can you tell us who and approx yr did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race? Petty, Wood Bro?
Red Tag Sale COMING SOON! Stay Tuned :)
Turn your doubt, your fear and your uncertainly into the fuel that drives you to learn more, control more and conquer. —Kim Kiyosaki
Years of dreams just can't be wrong.
Interviewing Kem Nunn today, author of Tapping the Source, among other great books, for
Mobile twitter is giving me a hassle, leaving on June 12th but feel free to send my way :) Hope you're doing well!
Brookfield might add 900 residential units to the Manhattan West development projects, at Ninth Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets
And what a nasty side he has had in other places, too.
shes full of herself
I wish I could have made it over there at lunch
aww im so glad I could help out a little on such a trying day for you. writing and recording it was worth it :) How is she?
#folowss Please !! :D
I hate EXCUSES!
I went to go buy one online at topmans and they don't have anymore :( so Ill have to wait and see if they get more in stock
if you're a fan of BACK TO THE FUTURE...you should be here NOW!!
Thanks, dear. She's amazing. We got your card! Thanks! I can't wait for you to meet her.
Does anyone want a free headshot chance?
RT : Office of says he'll make "major announcement" at 5:30 pm Saturday in Isle, Minn.
: Can someone please tell me as to why we are buying a Hot Air Balloon next weekend?
But.... you'd have to wear shorts to work every day.
Thanks pal! Its good to be a 30 something
Headed to lovely #Denver! Can't wait to meet all these great people for our #event. #Emmy award winning musicians, best selling authors
The #Pageant is this weekend! We are so proud to be the official #makeup sponsor! Good luck to all :)
Lord, please give me Hope. Help me to stay encouraged when I feel like I can no longer cope. #Amen!»
Jerry Springer offers some really deep and intelligent final thoughts!
How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it. ~Robert Brault
Now here comes the story that I mentioned....the music fades away
JRB you truly are one of the games best players in all variations of poker. I wish you always the best.
Thanks to our sponsor for supporting the #a4aChallenge & the #afterschool programs that make kids #WannaPlayMusic!
9:54!!!! Nice finish! Way to dig deep!!!
So many talented ARTISTS in this city..Overwhelming in the BEST way!
It costs nothing to say something kind. Even less to shut up altogether.
All the fat people at the airport made me not want to get a second scoop of ice cream
Learning from the past, looking towards the future.
Fox's Monica Crowley needs 2 go back to 5th grade to learn a few things. Birth control is not *usually* a big concern for lesbians.
I believe you! Lmao
Nephew update. He is having to have a blood transfusion. His body needs help after all the blood he lost. I'll see him again tomorrow.
My Google+ profile: gplus.to/stillinsky
Happy hump day!!
= best friend. tell her everything. <3
Looking fresh, no stress, who tryna fuxk wit the best!
When I prove my parent wrong
wow so when you get back u only have 2 weeks left !
What a horrible day.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! Dead. On.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 8
when working on your abs, don't ignore the transverse muscle! it helps to give them a more drawn-in appearance
you know he wants to. haha.
Pls give Tom my best, he is one of the real pros.
This is like the windiest day of my life! I almost fell on the floor of how hard the wind is blowing :o
Realistic expectations is not about having low expectations.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up.
Everyone in this hospital is watching "Matilda."
Got my AP English reading assignment for the summer. Asdfghj. So much work!
good job!
only cause u the best
Can't wait for tomorrow's visit from to our office!
RT : Folks, for now the consensus is for a #SCMS12 Tweet Up on 3/24 @ 7pm, location TBD. Spread the good word.
I'm not really a jewelry guy, but everything is cool when combined with a World Championship!
WEARING A DRESS WHILE WINDY <<<<<<
I continue to learn by bouncing ideas off my colleagues who are actively processing collections.
TD is an online news commentary website. But I dont write, I do graphic & web design :) but I'm looking to do a masters soon!
This is just a continuation of the last game. An 18-Inning nightmare for the #Pirates vs. the
I'm having a hard time bc I lost my home got less then 24 hours to move
It sure can be. But I don't have to live it all year round anymore. A week in the drizzly great NW mountains could be nice. :)
RICK MONTGOMERY: CASTING DIRECTOR IS MY HERO
4 more followers till 100 !awesome(:
Portfolio show night 2. A little sketchy
round of applause baby make that #assclap <<requesting that song dog for yo bdayyy
Aww how sweet, thank u! :-) I'm good! Had dinner out with family tonight! Gfather still holding on but declining!
Anyone but f'ing Crosby.
I think I put into a deep sleep #itsherbdaytho lol oh well
you and me both. that sucked.
giggling at my first web page. this is fun!!
Listening to some Berlin. God they made riding the bus sound exotic.
will someone cut my ankle of? pleeaaaseee
almost 500 people follow your bed but you don't...whats up with that? ;)
Watching on the treadmill tv at the gym and ugly crying. On the upside, I didn't fall off.
... Target does not have shampoo in my scent.
"Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us." John N. Mitchell
That's a bummer. I wonder what he does, or for that matter, what the other fighters do for $ when they can't fight.
Who wants to play with us?
do u like it?
What will you cook to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
Hey RT : Hey there!
your beauty is like no otherr and everytime i see you i sweat
Bad girls club <U+2665>
Started watching the very first episode of #madmen tonight. It's actually a really good show. Can't believe I didn't catch on earlier.
that's what I do!
Jesus is Lord when the voice of truth reigns above the others in your life.
Bet he won't go to school in the mornin lol
My favorite accessory for summer is a knuckle ring for sure!
RT« #Leo and #Pisces Compatibility: Medium»
Atlantic City!!
Summer is upon us, get your A/C checked out!
Thanks for digging on the Snap, Jennifer! --Glynn
Don't necessarily have the best of luck. While celebrating my sis's graduation at a #Miami restaurant, I found a piece of glass in my food.
The superiority of haploidentical related stem cell transplantation to ...
#IDontPartyBecause Jesus told me not to
DREAM BIG
Actually I love all meals, food is too good
how you been bro ?
wow, this is awesome.. i shared it with my friends also.. thanks!
Haha, can't wait to see it. RT : New #sharktank tonight. Most bizarre idea ever. Once again i crush someone!
So what you gonna do with all that attention you're trying to get? Shit is pointless.
Cataract is not a fruit. :) RT : Cataract myth: it needs to be ripe. It doesn't!
I got the formula
Sounds so kinky, it might even be legal in Texas.
No kidding! Sounds more like he got burned by forgetting that 'unless' exists, rather than that being an actual Best Practice™.
…if education is being improved. Current #edreform does not. Doesn't help students or teachers
I hope you get hit. By a fuckin bus.
Good morning and Happy Friday to you! RT : Good Morning
Good yarn shop in Cincy ?
Aw, sorry. With the new job & maintaining SR, I miss me too. lol <3 But, I KNOW I miss you MORE! RT I miss :(
Its qone feel weird havinq ppl say happy mothers day tommorrow.! But im proud two be a mothers I have many more two come.! :)
when will you be back in Philly?
this Sunday billboard awards. Don't forget.
he hit 4 HR's?!?! I think that there is some luck as well involved In perfect games. The way some no name people
Congrats! Who's running the bootcamp this week?
Rosenthiel: says reporters signing recall petitions unethical.
exactly delivering a double-punch right there!
You have the AP English exam tomorrow, fix that grammar lol RT : Wade losing us the game
#SFGiants v Dodgers series a-coming. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
you're welcome! I have to cheer for someone in the Miss Teen USA comp so why not u, besides you look like a pretty cool girl
Boys, don't keep a girl guess too long. She will surely find the answer somewhere else.
Right? Its a match made in heaven~
These are the times I wish I lived on the lake. Everything is so carefree and there's no stress
Your amazing. And don't let HATERS bring you down. Becuz, your living your dream. You have an amazing voice& dont sound(tbc)
What's your ring size? ;) RT Wedding dress shopping looks so fun .
When the time comes....boss man bizz
I still need to get ready for after prom doe, ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Pierre Mcguire creepin it up
If this relationship I'm in doesn't work I for sure will never date a man with kids again. I just want my own. Annoying...
hope u have a great night
Whatever doors God opens for you, no man can shut!
I can't believe I like a rock band #Np 'Holding on to black metal' by My Morning Jacket.
I'm in. Welcome to
Taking a break at home! But the balloon stampede is going well!
YOu are very much welcome! Keep Swingin!
if you know anything about the "office eXperience" group at microsoft, DM me?
On what planet is it ok to microwave fish/shrimp in the office microwave?!?
Time to get all the crap done I couldn't do before xmas!
I listened to like the first 3 mins& i need to sit down and listen to all of it soon! WhyYouSittinDown&PeeinNicki?
Your profile talks about changing the world, and I are working with NFL'ers to change how NFL players are measured!
lovey doveeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! look what i posted on your wall! lol
rotfl your too much bro, if anything you have your boy
she so koo give head with her shades on...
Note to strangers: if you are going to call me for advice, please wait until at least 8am.
YEAHAHA FINALY WASHINGTON IS WARMER THAN CALI HOLY CRAP IT'SA MIRACLE. Only by 4 degrees though..
Trying to find the motivation to get up and go to the god damn Gym .. Arrrrghhh what a drag 1..
Everyone Follow >>> <<< TWEET ME FOR A SHOUTOUT!
LOL! Anytime! Thanks for the follow, Jennifer--now it's mutual. And anyone who quote Shakespeare in her profile is okay by me.
The best way to maximize your experience is to meetthe advisory board members. The blog now contains a bio of fRicky Cox our past chair.
heck yeah they are ! Ay Julianne!
I'm going to murder my phone because the battery is low. Lol!
The guys across the street are tards but they always have hot girls over there for their cookouts.
my hair is half way down my back. Wanted it to be long but it's driving me crazy
Midnight breakfast was my FAV event of the semester! Jealous! But not about the finals that come afterwards!
what a great night...
now I remember why I don't watch TV
The literal hook --> RT The 1 time I said NO, u act like I never said YES
Jessica Cooper will be the soprano soloist in our April 16th Japan Benefit Concert!
Bacon + Chocolate love <3
r u using adobe connect? how's the audio when using voip only (and not a dial-in #)? also, is anyone using it to stream live group meetings?
thank you reminding us where your vagina is #rhianna. the continually pointing to it on #SNL was a helpful tutorial:)
Very cool! Keep me posted with pictures as the garden grows!
Ja:goh! A Mother's Day Reflection on When the Days Are Long and the Load Is Heavy: There are few words to encapsulate the wrenching o...
haha, well that's good. I like to make people laugh :D
hells yes! that's a steal!
that's gunna hurt!! I'll just start by taking you on that picnic :D
also note carrot and spinach juice stain white countertops...
hey love how u been?
I tell students they won't find a job in NYC from Tampa. They need to go up there. Do you agree?
There are no athletic fields in Concept 2.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
please contact me directly and I'll get the recipe to you. Thanks!
you're too cool for me
At NMFA congressional event. Mike Michaud accepts award for supporting #military families.
can drink all u want on the 15 jack! umm i count sheep maybe if you count bottles...or men? Hummph??? lol jk
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention. ~Christopher Morley
no clue
Derek Fisher=GR8 4 OKC.. His leadership is priceless!!!
We are proud to show you our full spectrum of remarkable service and we have in stock the best luxury models today!
#singer George Michael illness...wow I hope he gets better.
I always left mine in for like 4 months at a time. It gives them time to stretch and get used to the size. I'm stopping at
Oh, those whimsical Google nerds. The Mountain View-based search giant may not have Apple ’s design chops , but it certainly knows how to
Social Media is an outlet that can shed light to a problem. Network with people in UK who will fight with U. There is power in #'s.
my quads are on fire
I need to get a manicure done!!!
so sorry so sorry sorry
"If you dont love her..wear a rubber"
Have you met ? Outstanding #Hilton employees waiting to help you with travel suggestions, check them out!
Have you tried our new menu? It's delicious!
I hate that.
Thank you so much for the support! It means the world to us!!!
:: Taylor Swift, why do your lyrics know exactly what's on my mind?
thank you to all that continue to help me one day @ austinmahone will follow me with the help of you all
Hi , it's been too long!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe, waking up early every morning.
Follow this MAHOMIE please , make her get to 400 followers , . ;D
I've been forgetting to take Zyrtec all week. No wonder my allergies have been kicking my butt!
Perfect night. Red Baraat followed by oohs and ahhs. Almost as good as last nights American Ballet theatre followed by steak.
i think that shit stupid...got made you a human...when ppl start getting hurt they gone stop...
My head hurtz I was just fighting wuth my self
It was a profile photo of a friend I took several years ago in Arizona.
#FirstEdition #MayDay protests start at #PPS Headquarters this morning @ 7:30 - details next w/
Wild Wednesday
Gotta dl new music tonight
lol where you from bro?
I'm not sure if the extended warranty helps or not. It might
New Year SUPER DUPER Offer!Left Chest or Cap Logos digitized for $15 flat price each!Jacket Back Logos$80. Email:
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
then what is it?
We are very thankful for people like you who support members of the military, veterans, and their families
What says welcome back home to nh than Chinese food?
someones a little depressed...,
It isn't really a breakfast burrito that way is it? RT : a breakfast burrito without red/green chile is not worth eating :/
And now hearing about the damage in Laurel and other parts of Kentucky. A terrible, tragic day in the Commonwealth.
I hate it when people are stupid and only follow you to see if you will follow back. And if you don't they stop following you? Wtf?
5 followers away from a #GEEBZ giveaway! Follower picked at random. Help us get there!
Worked on Fela Project costumes via video chat tonight with and Vaunita! Getting excited for the hip-shaking performance!
BLAP on HIGH Alert today... Reality show pending...
My mother's plane is barely in the air on the way to Chicago and I'm already drinking hard liquor in the middle of the day.
New Post! What is YOUR take on urban education?? www.thecoloredteacher.tumblr.com
A student just cited "www.google.com" for his research project. ::slams head repeatedly into brick wall::
Drinking a full-sugar cherry Coke after a tough day. It may be the best thing I've ever tasted.
awh I'm sorry! Which one? :)
Crazy weekend and still haven't recovered lol!!!!
tomorrow at New York and it might be 7:30 I guess. Game 5 is in DC at 3pm
So, I heard Twitter got hacked yesterday. Thank god I was only on once yesterday.
"If you don't like what I do, just keep it moving." Tiff Benson #gentlereminder #hatersgonnahate #i'llshowyou
Finally home to watch DWTS so beyond happy won design a dance she deserved it and she rocked it out!
the team from is taking no shortcuts original brewmaster is onboard and a yeast strain linked to the 1830's & Bernhard Stroh
thanks for not promoting all this chaptalized rubbish made for people that don't like wine. Don't like wine? Drink Pepsi.
sad day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
It doesn't matter what it is, it's automatically cool if it glows in the dark
Why am I so angry though
One of these days I will actually wear my Cool Greys outside.
Anyone know of any books or courses to take on Unity? I'm thinking of jumping in with both feet.
BCM. Best ARs on the market.
Feels like florida outside!
Everyone can say how beautiful the bride is but for my money, the maid of honor tonight is the most beautiful woman
I'm going to sleep now. Night everyone! :-)
My assistant freeway sleeps on the job. I want his job.
Hahaha! Look who's tweeting!
Today is Global Service Day! What #inspires you to #serve on a #global level?
audioboo.fm #eli2011 mobile audio capture
#YouWasCuteUntil you showed me the real you!
Thanks, you're pretty awesome yourself! And I couldn't agree more...Die Hard ROCKS!
just laying. U ?
Tom loveland - "took me a while to figure out to do what too love"
The Little Red Hen by Heather Forest: Sometimes you can't get a little help from your friends...
tell me.
On to vermouth punch. The day is done.
RT : 20% of the seniors in America are living on average incomes of $7,500 per year. A YEAR!
Forget about it dude. You got into UB and its summer time now
#yourebeautiful because you have imperfections
Money never sleeps
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.” <<don't want to live in this fucking world anymore
Guess you've never served on jury duty downtown.
Thanks again for the support. Anything I can do to help you?
This sucks.
these tweets are hilarious.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser
Not looking forward to work tonight.
My oh my, you are a tweeting machine!
now u know they r nothing 2admire. It's just old me.. It's been almost 3 yrs nothing new mymy
We have so much 'trash' here now, the city needs an army of dump trucks to get it all out, God only knows the plots hatching
Swords and knitting. My perfect book!
God, I am now heads down in CSS, sipping the green tea and keeping warm :-)
": I bet when u feel your baby move....it's not kicking it's FIST pumping...lol." OMG YOU MADE MY DAY !!!!!
Can't believe Grazer actually said "Come back to my office" to the cute host
Rain & storms this morning.
I followed YOU CAN FOLLOW ME NOWWW(:
but they do make the black bean ones, and they're tasty!
And the Pacers move on!
you guys are fools! #hookah!
hmm I'll look it up
Kindred Spirit! Me too Robitussin CF lol RT : Robitussin in the summer...le sigh. Feel like I'm on punishment.
LOL How about mail man do u bite them in the butt?
Wow, my professor taught this class to Bradley Cooper at Georgetown. He wrote his letter of recommendation for an actor's studio in NY! SICK
my Avi changed by its self! :O
WHY AM I UP OMG
I'm not going 2 discuss this any further.I'd appreciate if you'd stop copying & pasting my tweets w/out citing the author. Thank u
We are only a reflection of our own trials and tribulations. So take chances, make mistakes, live and love like there is no tomorrow.
Danielle playing in a spring tournament this weekend.
we want to rent in Novi for now. Close to DH's work and things we like. Later want to settle near Ann Arbor.
only when I'm playing soccer and I am almost dehydrating haha
Ryan Gosling at Bottom of the Hill
Broo , you need therapy !
We did? I guess I wasn't following ;)
you enjoy the episode?
So often our focus is on the result, let's shift to the journey? Take a deep breath in, smile be grateful for this moment? For the process?
best show ever <U+2764>
Rocking my new York football #superbowlchampions locker room hat! Go big blue. U can't spell ELIte without Eli. Coughlin for HOF
but i have to finish by 10:30 am
AM actor and producer, one short and feature under the belt more to follow. Advice?
Im sure ZYNGA will have an Avatarville soon.
I'm down
LOL, I'd faint, too, if I ever encountered one that was 8 pounds and 21 inches long!
I'm giving you one right now honey :) Love you!
I know. I'm in love!
don't tell me ur a vegetarian now???
leave 830a Friday. Return at 730p. You should come!
Tired dog, tired owner, happy to be home.
#ThingIDislike : when people smoke
I hope the dinner went well and produced some good ideas...
Omg. I need an outfit for tomorrow!!
My day >
We stand with these kids. Current policy is a violation of the 8th amendment.
I mean really? Who cares what he's eating or where he's sitting??? Dudes not even that good.
Congrats! Looks amazing!
me to I like there salald its so good.
I've been talking to him since like 1 or 2 am. It is 8 right now.
could have cuddled with me!!! I was freezing!
The #Chicago with back-to-back jacks in the 4th inning. 2-1
weird, Twitter suggests I follow you, but it won't let me.
Austin Mahone Blocked Me
Not sure what the issue was with my laptop, but my web page for class is working fine. Now to worry about Thursday's quiz!
Thanks for the follow, MoNGA-Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Sometimes you reach for the stars but only get to the moon, but you can still look back and see how enormously far you've travelled.
Thanks, guys. We were excited to see it, too.
but u haven't followed ME!?(:
Think it's time for a new phone.
Looking forward to the new year! We will be launching one of the greatest churches that this area has ever seen. Hope Ya'll ready!!
there must be a gig for that.
You can present news without dogmatic contrarian high volume shills propped up on opposing sides of every news story
Had to bug out for a few hours. Back to work for a few hours.
thank you so much!
Cheaters never win.
FURIOSITY - A LESSON IN AGGRESSION is now on ITUNES! Give it a listen!
Girls remember everything.
That awkward moment when tries to make the twitter community think I'm a lesbian.
LOVE softouch! RT : Last print competition I judged had many beautiful examples of soft touch AQ.
Answer A, B or C ... What are you doing this weekend? A. Resting B. Staying active C. Combo of both
At the Comet Cafe w/ Looking forward to some locavore fare.
I hate work
Watching a 4 year old getting so excited while playing Mario on the Wii and peeing in himself. #Priceless #LoveChildren!!!
Love me or hate, that is the question.
Cure for procrastination: develop a "compulsion to closure" attitude. #NAPO 2012
discovered who my recent garbage thieves are. Six raccoons were snooping around my trash cans and golf cart. Cutest faces ever...
We're the world's debit card backwater...
Dragon Dictate, why can't I quit you?! Why do I continue to drag on this hate-hate relationship?!
#sfeng340, For Love Medicine, we can start by looking at character. What are characters like Marie, Nestor, June, and Lipsha doing?
I'm sure that no one has noticed it's nice outside.
that's awesome! Keep it cold, keep it sweet!
Dude I wasn't that drunk, dude u texted me asking for my number,
": is it possible to be doin to much and not enuff?.." yes, inefficiency...busyness doesnt always mean u handle business
Well, if this whole Mobile / Enterprise IT thing doesn't work out in can always be a Barnstable <<
alright it's just boring :P and I got picked up early from school to go to the airport
Let go of fear, pain, and the the things they bring. Release love, forgiveness, & kindness. Travel light.
Wind central! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Hello Phenomenal Woman!
Never trust a hotel that changes to those big fluffy beach type towels. They are really hard to put in your suit case!
RT : Don’t depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval. -Joyce
u no harmonica as always
Know anyone who can read Welsh? I need a translation of a very short newspaper article.
These folks Happy as Hell that they Graduatin. Lol.
Tuna packed in water is full of B Vitamins and protein to ward off tummy fat.
word. Us girls need to show them we run everything.
are you seeing what l is about to do your funny
Weirdos playing driving games with me on 390 and making strange hand gestures
"Your surface is interested in success; your soul is interested in the ride." - Paul Williams (thanks !)
lmfao too late im already dying it red wooop
You are killing me! First it wouldn't let me create the new page, now it hasn't let me update the profile for 2 days. Get with it!
My name is Dee Dee an I just wanna tell you I love ur videos. And the tips u give out. Imma have to use them one day
William Oliver of wins his second consecutive decathlon event. Taking the LJ title at 7.01m.
We have 210 more likes to go before we hit our FREE t-shirt goal of 317. You know what they say about procrastination, right?
bitch you get me so gone, i dont wanna go on, living in this world without you
i hate field goals!
lol RT : Apparently the numbers 9 and 0 aren't looking too bad now...better take that BCS numbers card out of the trash world
Ima Beat The Pu**y Up Up Up Up Up Up Ima Beat The Pu**y Up Up Up Up Up Up
I see is creeping in the background of ur pic, that guy never stops
“: RT : Gloria: the art of leading ethically is to act as if every little thing matters Because it does.
"In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world." (John 16:33)
why do guys have to be such jerks! i just got call fat an ugly worst day of my life!!:'(
honestly i love hair cut, it makes him look way older....and way more sexy (;
Yepp you gotta be highly trained to stay up late w/ me.
tweetdeck claimed my tweet was sent but it never posted because I had a partial URL in it that it couldn't shorten. annoying
still drunk
Invest in a brighter future today, starting with Columbia Education. www.columbiaprep.com
thanks for re tweeting :)
My bad. Thanks to Shauna for the new profile pic! RT : - thanks for the photo credit.
no u not i hate it too
A little planning/regroup session at the Golden West Cafe.
Some girls use like 8 mascaras to get them to look how mine look with 2 mascaras...
Dayton says his bonding bill is an investment in the future. He wants lawmakers to act quickly in upcoming session
#Twilight appearance, yuck.
If you get roundhouse kicked in the face by #ChuckNorris in your dream, you DIE!
google+ hangouts might be worth a try also. Maybe the first step is to demo some solutions among ourselves
I will driving down from Louisville for both games! Picking up some friends on the way down I-75!
well excussee me lol send me a pic when ur done.. im getting tatted tomorrow
I could, but the saddle might be too low to the ground so that my legs drag.
I Was Laughing All Day !
AH! Did everybody see that because I will not being doing it again!
#weloveallisimpson shes the best Role Model anybody could ever have :) I Love You Alli
Well the #steelers are gonna beat the #jets on sunday :p.
I have officially got both of my e-mail inboxes down to ZERO! Woohoo!
#Valdez is batting in spot #1 for
Crime After Crime: Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.
Random Quote I just remembered - "Thats just so annoying" -Ina Garten, Barefoot Contessa
I don't take anyone seriously in a pink shirt.
Im bout to start cookin again this fast food taste worse every time..
how I'd love your job at times like this.
The wife says let's go to the bar, I say ok. Never been to the bar before.
If medium in Thai means surface of the sun I think my Pad Thai was just right.
Funk as Puck.
Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life. It's also about what you inspire others to do.
Offer me a beer and I'll tell you about the CTO who didn't believe in relational integrity constraints.
Thanks for following. I followed back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
Hawthorne will come back, tail between legs in no time. Bc we can't trot out KJ and rookies
Some people are just plain #stupid!
Happy Monday Stinky Lovers, Today is National Fragrance Day, go out and enjoy the smells of Spring today, or wear your favorite perfume :)
Lazy day! Need a nap asap
Hate when I shower after the gym & my towel is still damp from the am
hey how are you
yea i know i been download that ish. Akon is hard
My #Faith Conquers My Fear!
RT ": I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply."
aw man ): okay!
Thanks for the tip, Wendy! "Mrs. Tim" is now on my Kindle. I love having a healthy backlog of books for traveling :-)
re apply
when will I know if I can get him to speak?
Yes!! Let's make it happen!
omg I like am though. Dont worry youre the second funniest "oh I have to get out to let this girl out, what's your name again?"
Michael Schumacher will not be making his return to due to injuries, Ferrari has now named Luca Badoer to drive in Massa's place
"The best deal's on the planet."
"#Lions Best, Levy, Burleson, Stafford, Brown, Delmas don't practice. That's 5 starters."<U+27A0> NOT GOOD MAN! Get healthy guys!
I feel so free. Extremely free. Free as the wind blows. Free as the water flows.
the lion king = genius <3
My netflix won't work.
Lhh @ the guys who tried to play me! :)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook....how much money it made MARK ZUCKERBERG...damn is he even 30 yet? lol
hey! so nice to meet you the other day!
Librarian from Hungary looking for volunteer opportunity in English speaking library, preferably in England to practice her English.
he seems so hot underneath all those tats. But he's hot with the tats. Idk. I just love him!
i miss u
Ugh I feel ill..... need to find breakfast asap see if that helps
Thank you for sharing your family w.its with deepest love and sympathy-RIP the truth..Whitney!! LOVED HER SO MUCH! Legacy lives!!!
Yeah, this often happens.
welcome! BTW, some tweeps to follow include and in addition to that guy
Skip the card & just give me cash for my birthday!
Thanks for the response, I appreciate it.
Heading out to read for the kids at All Saints Hospital - Thank you BookPals for this opportunity… :)
Has D'Antoni really resigned from the #Knicks?
guy in stall before me at LAX bathroom accuses me of stealing his iphone and makes me talk to the cops..
It's sad when your car isn't even 2 years old and you have over 55000 miles on it :(
Finally it's Friday!
Need to get this together man prom next week, appointments have to be booked early
(Bit lame but w/e) Walked past what I reckon was the Yahoo! Street View vehicle earlier, Dodge Caravan w/ PA plates & digital camera on hood
I'm already sick of listening to heat fans and the series doesn't start til Sunday
no have you?
What is the new project?
Clapping from home, thanx for the great info!
HAS ANYONE ELSE EVR SEEN ILLEGAL TENDER??? I FEEL LIKE IM THE ONLY ONE THT LIKES THT MOVIE!!.
Wow wata day finally layiin it down ;) alottt a stuff to do tommorow
yes its amazing!
“: #wordsyouwillneverhearmesay Yeah you can borrow that outfit. #lifeofaprincess”
Loved the review and interview with The Submission. Well done and now I need to read the book!
pacers are playing with some serious heart and hustle - that is what it is all about
someone told me it was narry
Touring the gem of GH today: Jeld-Wen Field! #rctid Then beers after somewhere local.
Oh, the perfection! If only I could make mine look (and taste) like a Parisian croissant. Where is the other half?
S/O and the Elegant Hoodness Musical Program putting it down right now #CalabashLounge #ATL style! in the bldg!!
I love jessica:))))
#IveAlwaysWantedTo read other people's mind, especially the person who i crush on.
": No, you'd be a dead one. RT : If I died tomorrow, I would be a happy girl."
Co-sign! RT : Channing Tatum in a Tribe cap is honestly the sexiest thing I've ever seen.
Really enjoyed today's meeting on Social Media. Great panel and learned more about how to embrace it. I love
Me and have Wendigo Psychosis. The only cure is wiindigookaazhiwin. Sorry if we eat you
I tend to think on a more average scale than I probably should
Comfort Mufasa is worth it.
When we cover something that's been covered elsewhere, we generally italicize the name of publication in body, link via source
Don't eat the garnish!
Finished my BS & am working now. It's just a long term temp gig but a good oppty that will hopefully lead 2 FT work. You?
It's 11:11 on Easter Sunday & you know what my wish is? For to please follow me?! Please Austin?! Please!!!
What's been going on this week?
I have a date tonight, WITH MY BED. We're totally gonna sleep together. ;)
He actually just shut the door in my face so that he could try to kiss her!!
Who's gonna be round DuPont today?
You paying?
Friends, they don't make them like they used to.
Party bus wit
I'm told will be here
Do you need any screen printing for 2012?
made their first pick at the #SuperDraft. I can go to lunch now
Hey peeps, this Saturday The Enclave will be at Yayo's Tacos. Free event from 6P-9P
Love being up this early to see guys in button downs and girls barefoot in tight dressed walking home...
Consult a financial planner before buying long-term care insurance
omg! wait you know i actually KNEW him? austin mahone? like really. he lived in hammond
this whole thing is pretty stupid if u ask me
I dont wanna watch no damn lakers i wanna watch heat or clippers
That's not funny! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>RT : Kevin could be Derrick Rose's brother. Hard to get a smile out of him.
“: Spend another night on my own.” Welcome to my world . It sucks doesn't it.
I wish you were wearing a Tulane shirt in my apartment right now. It sucks you weren't in Houston when I was.
oh... I did not know that... lol
Wal Mart. 1am for Easter baskets the day of. It'd be easier just to sell the kids.
www.aiforums.info admin discussion and advertising
*Sneeze* Bless you, thank you! Youre not welcome. ... Mixed signals for dayzz hahahahha
Going to try a lunchtime workout, and then running after work. Better not be busy!
Can We get new pics of U Guys
washing my dogs was a disaster tonight....
#fridayreads Kraken by China Mieville. Brilliant writer could be improved by brilliant editing, or maybe that's my short attention span.
Well thank you <U+E402>... It's been awhile. What have you been up to?
More often than not, the best part of an online article is the comments section.
With @ west a...hes n the balcony...im on the fourth row...hum????lots of easter garments..
I think I got that next beat, Be ready to work!
I'm always annoyed when people pontificate about a book that they haven't actually bothered to read. Reading "buzz" is not reading.
Update: I hope we end this nonsense soon. First fighting is always a hilarious thing, why can't we just get along?
Learn about a walk a thon that will help foster children today on
But now we can be total snobs about the latecomers who get stuck with a 737.
It shows Hank Aaron in an Atl. Brave uniform hitting 715. Bad publicity since he won WS here in 1957. Statute at Miller Park.
whoa whoa when d'f did that shit happen?
maybe the hangover, maybe they're just not funny.
That married couples can live together day after day is a miracle that the Vatican has overlooked. - Bill Cosby
very freaking irritated right about now about to just SCREAM!!!!!
that's perfect! You doing it,right!
YOU ARE PREACHING.......
your mom and my grandma have the same wise words.
im at Yost tmrrw! Can u make it sexy?
I wonder when Las Vegas will be back to full Las Vegas again.
and laugh about being arrested for stealing their own property.The #Kalonji family shows they're not joking.
Two of my plays in two festivals, The Midtown International Theatre Festival, and The Fringe Festival, both here in NYC!
#Mets' problems stem from Trades of Heath Bell, Matt Lindstrom, Brian Bannister; Cab accident to Duaner Sanchez, losing draft picks via FA.
u still in painesville
Excited to see what you and come up with.
we live the dream keep living it!
Still you. You've sent me 9 tweets, 2 on topic and I've addressed every point you tried to make, even the stupid ones like this.
I just called and reservations are very understanding. I think I can make it from MSN tomorrow, so I kept my Mon night...
Thanks for all the photo editing suggestions! Figured out a way to get old MS Photo editor on Windows 7 so I can pretend it's 1996.
hey! Try to make it out tonight to dirty trix!
At #Fridays, 4-7pm are the happiest hours! Join us for the best #HappyHour #specials in town, like $2 domestic drafts & $4 #highballs!
I'm pretty sure it has space for more.
“: The frustration and optimism of working in #culture in #Egypt.”
Just look for the guy with an "Idiot" sign. Really... tried to rob an ARMORED car?!?!
Very very impressed with Houston Symphony's performance of the Shostakovich 11 tonight. Incredible finesse with amazing violas and brass.
Thanks for organizing the session with Warren Egnal. I learned a lot (e.g. don't carry a Dell laptop if you work at Sony!)
you inspire me!! lol just thought i'd let you know :>)
oddfuture and tyler the creator sucks think about it tyler had to eat a fuckin cockroach and represent the devil just to make it in rap
We have some FAB, exciting news coming this week! Keep an eye out for our email & FB announcements! <3
Was in contact with a very nice woman from I have a great feeling this internship may work out!!!
- Seven Years In Hartmut's Face
rainy saturday! what to do, what to do?!!
About to have me a good Ol' burger at the counter with
behave yourself
Great tweets from #smpspls this week. Hope you P3s have a great year!
Lamborghini Mercy, your chick she so thirsty. I'm in that two seat lambo, with your girl she tryna jerk me.
Eastern Europe and Japan should team up to make music videos.
Yikes! Gateway errors and action kits out of stock?! What's going on here guys?
wanna chill Tuesday?
I figure it will give me an option if one or the other is fugly. Ha. And, what better way to collect souvenirs? :)
Don't Forget to follow & The Lonesome Sound on twitter!! Good vibes to all!
Just so everyone knows, is the only thing that has kept me sane throughout this long drive. Thanks, guys!<3
so. I am officially back on twitter after a long hiatus! I have had some big things happen!I recently joined forces with the band
Just read it. I think your title is a good solution. Haha. Or, "Deja Vu, Mine's Important, Too!"
wanna go outside? call me:) Home, cells down...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Eww Gross...Hi Jon
That's a good thing. If your bottle is etched you'll have a permanent reminder of good times.
The dream of the (18)90s is alive in portland. OMFG!!! LMFAO!!!
Joe Perry > Tom Morrello.
You're welcome! RT Thank you for following us.
i am right there with you. why do we feel the need to tell everyone where we are all the time. do they really care?
Grants to the Flyers. One team had to learn to play defense in that series and it was you.
After Kayne post party at the pub. $5 Tall Stoli, $5 Captains and $3 Jameson. Rock n Roll
Join us Sunday for at Woodland Park. Stop by, show your Zipcar card and get
#RelationshipsNowdays won't last that long.
oh I see why you left? haha couldn't handle another FIFA beating brotha
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 82
DIVORCE SUPPORT COUNSELING GROUPS 4 kids & 4 teens (8-week time-limited summer) CALL me for INFO & a consult!! LYNNFIELD 978.290.7090
oh, Eventbrite has an app thats easily used to check guests in. I will def be using this for tmw's event! So much better than paper lists!
Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now. I need a big long bear hug :( ...and don't let go -_- lol
I thought as the user then I became the programmer. Me. Tough job, I tell you.
I love your healthy yet practical mindset. Please keep the influential posts coming!! You make me want to be a healthier person!
same here lol
Hey, great to know. Just follow up. cheers!
I would love to see Derrick Rose play
Happy 200th birthday Charles Dickens!
Thanks for the support! Shine responsibly!
wish I were there RIGHT NOW!
My son just told me he wouldn't play w a truck bc it was a "girl toy." Not sure if that means I've done well or failed as a parent.
#hth2012 shows graph of durability versus access. I don't agree with position of Web as not durable! It can be hugely durable (LOCKSS)
This is adorable.
I don't actually care.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Go, Adele! I love her!!!
Today is going to be a long day, I can already tell! Time to grab a Redbull to help get me through!
Lebron,D-Wade, and Bosh....game over!
Soo.. boutaa start on this L A M E ass Homework....-_-
I know, right? hopefully soon.
RT : & killed it last night at My life has forever been changed, in a good way.
U.S. Thwarted Al Qaeda Bomb Plot on Plane - predicted on Wings of Love 2/19/12
The Mac's built in VPN client beats the heck out of the Cisco client. VPN into a server without losing your non-VPN internet. Nice.
Someone Mention, DM, Call or Text me.
Give a Holiday Gift that keeps giving. Great Holiday Gift Ideas for the Business people in your life. www.bcdcards.com
I Hate pitch counts. Man up.
you're right but you should still bite your tongue. :-)
Breaking: Rumors that #Romney supporters distributing fake delegate slate lists to confuse Nevada Ron Paul er's at state convention
We give sin power when we accept it.
with a voice like yours I'm pretty sure it'd be impossible to make a bad impression.
Casspi destroys Walton destroys Welsch destroys Luke Jackson ... All eaten alive by Harangody.
HAPpy BiRThDAy To OnE of MY BeStest(yes bestest is a word!) Friends Stephanie!
yeah u meeting us up there???
people that count down their tweets... Smh jk:)
what should my twitter name be?
nice knowing you lol
I'll be wandering around the floor at #SPC11. Give me a shoutout if you're going to be there too. We can have scones, beers or something.
I was wondering why it looked like I was wearing eyeliner than I realized it was my mascara.
The other one would wait for me
jealous coach Crean?surely not.Madness week long venue,media day,hall of fame game,blessing rupp court,ending fireworks!
When is this much advertised post-caravan outing?
the movie dates still on the table lol
Good luck. I'm armed with sliced flatiron steak, fancy eggs to fry, and some garlicky greens. These 10am starts are tricky.
Were has been?
When are you heading down?
I'm just glad Maxxie (Mitch Hewer) isn't gay in real life okay
My stomach hurt so bad yo!!!
College is way too expensive across the board - how is it even legal to charge SO much money???
my mom told me bout my popi before he dead i really wish he was here and all the others i love but there watchin over me-Tamya:P ily
"I stopped the cab because of you" in loove with this cabby
VIVLADI FOUR SEASONS..... WOOW IT MAKES ME HAPPY TO BE A VIOLINIST
#foreverwaitingon to make me some popcorn
SSG faulkner cool he had just become a recruiter down here when I left for basic in 09
#AGBT MiSeqused to track antibiotic resistant bacteria in hospitals. Clinical 2 day turn around time.
Christine Borgman (UCLA) discussing BRDI-CODATA work to develop data attribution citation practices & standards
Idk what you're talking about but dude. You don't belong in football convos. RT : but they still lost.
Thanks, Jacob. And you have a beautiful smile. Actually my pecs are easy for me to work out. They respond well to stimuli ;)
#ChuckNorris can beat both Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir with one roundhouse kick to their faces...
I'm still buzzin off yesterday's church service! Can you say #propheticflow ??????
agreed. Can't limit you're "recruiting" area. Wld be like Badgers only recruiting Wisconsin kids. Nt good enuf
oh intriguing! I didn't even know yogurt came in that flavor. On it. I also have a raspberry to try tomorrow morning
Getting hit on by a new client who saw my staff picture on my company's website...should I be flattered or creeped out?
that's right no one does and it sucks for them
Yo, Real Housewives of NJ is like a train wreck. It's terrible and horrifying, but I can't look away.
hahah I know. He's soo cute.(:
#Taxes are done. Now you can really focus on going mobile! can help.
it was an awesome week haha
How has Ananda touch your life?
when are you performing in Chicago? Just in case I don't make it to NO in Sept.
We are supplying the 2011 NM Snowball Tournament (racquetball) with lunch today!
Funny how a good bag of popcorn can change your outlook on life
I have a thing for neck tattoos.
other: We need to help develop non-quan modes of assessment, in part because "stories" resonate well with trustees and donors.
The PA office is temporarily closed due to earthquake.
Sorry!! I'm just learning how to work this thing :)
> No, #janky is perfect.
Looks like this guy is truly #LivingDreams! Much love to you man!
finna txt my boo
Day 3 of this never ending insurance fraud case.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
can we do a threesome<3
did you get your cut ? Lol
SASS where have you been all my life? No really, where?
Cullen does it again, barely even a minute later. #UF leads #Northwestern 5-1.
4 Events added to the calendar.It's been a good week........
Thanks doll, have a great weekend!
Just got in from #golfing with and Have fun!
her head still big tho
lol i know right. i've taken to wearing those thick fuzzy socks around the apartment :3
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
Follow Mee I Follow Back <3
Thanks, John and Allie for all the LifeStyleLife love on your latest episode!
You're annoying and make no sense!?
Very excited to learn more about Capitol Park redevelopment project mentioned by in
Well it's 3:50am, can't sleep...too much on my mind.
What happened at Next?
Getting some coffee
Excited to be at Hopkins! Enjoying tunes from Caleb Stine now :)
it would be so awesome when)
oh yes. We think a lot about saving characters!
Just discovered — book convos indexed by "official" hashtag and archived for long-term access.
Oh my god, listening to now about survival food! So important in these times of natural disasters!
I'm so glad you like it! See you again soon!
Should there be a difference between a small business approach to #payments and a medium to large business approach?
My feet are swollen, my back hurts and I am super tired...but Alabama Legislative Day 2012 for Libraries rocked!
nvm urban dictionary say the preferred term for female fapping is schlicking "She was busy schlicking in the other room"
I shared your link on FB too=) Looking forward to a fun read!
That's what I'm talking about!!...Knuckle up!!..lol...And I've just been..being more social with my friends..lol..
JOIN US TODAY AS WE DO EACH AND EVERY WEEK FOR OUR #INTERMIXWEDS! WILL ALL B IN THE BUILDING!
Marble is formed from limestone by heat and pressure in the earth's crust. These forces cause the limestone to change in texture and makeup.
Be on the look out for future law talks like #sociallaw at Hawaii's Innovation Hub for learning and growth !
has a cute avi:)
gastronomaustin fire up the juicer? Or muddle into sour type drinks, pairing back the sugar
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Getting the police copter chasing you (along with 20+ cop cars)
Choose any time after 8a PT on Friday. It's wide open right now. Thx. for your interest!
Working for Disney in LA!!! Be back soon though. How is Jay?
Who is this?
Gift advice from : give a 10-yr-old their own domain name (his/her name).
I don't think so. RT the owner doesnt participate, doesnt that make your firms efforts somewhat disingenuous?
Whoops, we posted from the wrong account. RT We will be releasing 30 tickets for Friday's show at noon tomorrow.
living in the city of hate/love awkward encounters and low tact highways of fire
Time to get moving... Grand Opening party to plan!
my #dailyquestion is... why do people argue of the simplest of things??
Drop the idea that u r atlas carrying the world on ur shoulders. The world would go on even w/out u. Dn't take urself so seriously Norman V
-- Chris Paul Not Even Better Then Rose You Kno That
Tomorrow will be a better day.
bummer to be
Working early mornings sucks!
Hahaha man I should be in diet mode, but damn I like getting huge LOL :) right back atcha brotha! haha
Thanks to and Jenna Snyder-Phillips for a great evening last night at the store!
Fresh cut comedy tonight! 5015 Penn ave, Pittsburgh, pa. Get here!
It doesn't matter who you are, sometimes there are people that can just make you feel like nothing
Hating on the Kardashians right now . . . I don't get it.
Team Manzo all the way! Kim G is batshit crazy. Just sayin'!
Heading out to Pianos N Stuff in pittsburgh to pick up some gear. If you're out there hit us up.
Amen, brother. Wish more had that attitude.
omg was totally about to tweet that.... too bad I'm not going -_- hahaha
Teacher: What is the meaning of life? Me: Jalex.
A day off from the set today. (*big inhale...and...) WWWHHHEEEWWW!!
Second time through makes all the difference.
Only would talk about his bodily functions loud as heck on our Skype chat for my entire family to hear...lmao
I play on a guys team though so you can imagine the ciriticizim I get all the time
Chicago I love you, but I hate your traffic!
Ghost Hunting with the guys. (:<
My mind is split btwn several time zones-great chat w , next week will be excellent! cc
Working from home, week 4...
Don't fall in love with your own engineering. The builders of the railroads were the ''brilliant minds'' that missed the airplane
Imma be up awhile, where you from?
Have you checked out www.facebook.com/CigaretteCinemas yet? No? Do it and "Like" us! Let us know how to "Like" your page and we will!
The random phone calls I get from >>>>>
Things are lookin up. Got some Gym time. Got some Jimmy Johns. The sun came out to play, what a great hump day so far!
don't listen to she doesn't play video games....
Super Bowl parties start tomorrow. Follow me
Doubt I'll ever be allowed back at Cracker Barrel... Along with Mackie and LOLO ! Jussayin.
All the time!
Woke up with the money on my mind $_$
and doesn't make her wanna stay next year.. I got a trash bag filled with balloons.
S-D-S-U, S-D-S-U, SDSU fight, fight, fight!
This may be the only place to be; hopelessly wondering if I will ever be set free
It's ironic that I am on the computer but not working. Pretty soon, however, that won't be the case.
#galeriaartemexicano andnot a single artist was Mexican, it's an international world
Hue Jackson is fired by the Raiders
“: Look what arrived in the mail today. Thanks for the motivation." Ooh! I want that magazine!
Farm fresh galettes, mint ice cream, basil sorbet, strawberry popovers, farm basil and coffee for the Pilsen Community Market 9am tomorrow
awww! hi Nothing just eating Cupcakes <3
On the porch pork BBQ, maple/butter-sizzled brussels sprouts, fresh matchstick fries with Hendricks and Dolin dry vermouth Martini. Heaven!
I will not let the Hamthrax ruin my vacation.
It's #TwitterTuesday. #ShareMe please Xo
i hope i dont never hit 900 tweets cause i love doinn this withh my babii
Learning about 3play video transcription and video search service. Making your vid text searchable is great for SEO!
marry me. please.
I see you rockin your cocktail dress on the zappos website! *whistles* lol
Happy birthday, Igor, you changed my life for the better. I owe you one.
The right of citizens to videotape police
No, I'm awake too.
. Thanks Suzanne - we're really looking fwd to having Jessica with us! Will we see you at #PdF12? :)
IT'S FOOD TIME
thanks, Glenn. I'm looking forward to learning about rat and roach racing. Could be the next big thing. Those roaches can run.
Bad news for me...for medical reasons I am most likely going to need to give up reviewing and blogging. I am uncertain what to think.
Come on OKC
The giant walrus aliens would always remember their grand entrance into the Seal concert as their most profound disappointment.
I swear, everytime I turn around, someone else done blocked me for NO reason on Facebook! #iDontGiveAFUCK! -.-
Go see Good Field at the Best Lil' Big Fest in Texas tonight at Tiniest Bar 9pm!
Oh, I never mentioned being a thug at all. No matter the color, it's just more professional to have a clean cut.
Poll: The sound of nitrile gloves against Mylar: worse than fingernails on a chalkboard?
More sleep, please!
seeks Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities. Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Off to the #biggestweek for a week of what I hope will be spectacular birding. :-)
for ceremony, ask your musician! our musician came up w a great playlist (really useful bc i didnt know any songs for the fiddle!)
gd morning same to u :) enjoy ur day
Why do u call me boo
Just made some really bad tapioca pudding. If you'd like some, I'd gladly give it to you. All of it.
Baseball is my favorite season.
Execs care about revenue, cost & cust sat. To sell socmed to c-suite, talk about saving $ & inc satis w/cust service by using socmed
Needing "Expert Appliance Repair?" give Ortega’s Appliance Service a call......
you need a distraction... like in the old timey movies, throw a rock in the corner, when they turn, pop up. :)
I want a pet orangutan lol
Maybe fake people will be real for Halloween...
RT : Seen no TX license plates in bay area, but California plates are all over Austin. I think I know which way people are moving.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life.
BSB: Stint got out of a bases loaded, no-out situation by striking out the side. SHC - 0, SI coming up
When in Rome, you order from pizza hut right?
anxious about "Library Lounge" proposal. Popular reading, magazines, today's newspapers & comfy furniture. Students would love it right?
Obama dines at Graham Elliot, sure to generate business for the bistronomic restaurant
return it ! They charge u like a $1 a day. But I think after 20 days u can keep it ?
Thanks Lorna. Love my look. RT : Lovely morning working with a lovely lady
We don't have any events for our Friday list of upcoming international student webinars and virtual fairs! Anyone know of any for next week?
But we hate each other. It seems no solution. She gives us a quake, we give her pollution
“: CONGRATULATIONS Elwin with the launch of New Hope Metro!" Thank you Dave for all you prayers and blessings! See you!
OUR ADULT CLASS FOR THE DAY ....... HIP HOP. COME & EXPERIENCE A NEW HIP WAY TO STAY IN SHAPE IN & KEEP THE BODY IN LINE.
That's awesome. I saw you're celebrating at - let me know how it is! I've wanted to try it.
College Fair at Merrimack!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from #WomenBuild 2012 and beyond.
did you hear the rumor about gagne entering the NFL draft today?
yeah i guess since i'm here i might as well get stuff done...I will probably leave in awhile and work from home....
#Marlins win and now MAMBA in to nail it down for the
RT : I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> when people make plans with me and then do something else.
Thanks Patricia!
Habitat Meeting in 30 minutes!!!!! Come now!!
I have a vintage P bass on its way to its new home....me! Stoked for my first Sunburst.
Thank you!!
I write a blog for the trivia nights I do on the quizmaster website Caffreys and now Blackthorn are written by me :-)
Milk or dark chocolate???
what's good Shane? I know you're ballin hard in MIA!
really!! how is that?
Love that you live tweeted your co-working today! Miss ya, lady.
A Terrible Beauty Looking forward to tonight's show!
So you know what leanna looks like b/c she put a pic of herself online.
its a beauty.
Your claim is false. I've never been, and never will be cool.
If Kentucky wins... At least 3 people will die
that awkward moment when i forget every joke I know...
Trying to have a better day than yesterday. Boys are the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
Making the necessary commitment will demand discipline and determination.
(a few days late) Seriously... Rodenbach for breakfast cures my hangover tummy. Bier for breakfast is GOOD.
Autograph signing @ Dark Delicacies in Burbank for George's Intervention. Gr8 turnout
- hey, I'll meet you there tomorrow if you are game.
I'm jonesin' for Diet Coke right now. It's seriously a problem.
RT : My mind is made up!!! (In God have I put my trust I will not be afraid what man can do unto me) Psalm 56:11
I hate how i forgive easy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
You can't even give me grown up advice as a FRIEND how can you be a mother?
Will check it out! Thanks man.
I miss u too
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)': 1
aww i love your account too :) <U+2665>
Am I the only one who's surprised the Olden twins haven't made a creepy murder-suicide movie yet? David Lynch could direct...
#ThingsMyExsaid I didnt mean to hurt you
me ethier it sucks!!!
At first I was surprised b/c Ghave, Animar, Mimeoplasm, etc. are better... Then I realized that nobody actually bought the WBR one
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,please, please, please, please, please,please,please follow me :)
Caddywompus. That's a word I haven't heard in a long time.
Why are the most active people in my FB feed today bodybuilders posting pics of their muscles AND the morbidly obese posting pics of food?
I just can't argue sports with women, it's against my religion..
Pounded #AudiotreeLive today [] Much Love to
What is everyone doing for the weekend?
He aint ever gonna kno how I feel cuz I kno how he feels
Wait, you're watching "Smash."
Today was a really fun day! Congrats to my brother for graduating college!!!! :D
My mood just went from blah -.- to blah -___- gotta change that lol
Good Night.
Today is why the is the best product in sports
Friendly reminder...city offices are closed on Friday, April 6.
The way I see it. Attitudes AND structures needs reformation. I wouldn't say the fundamental structure is broken
Back in PDX can't believe it's warm here WTF? Stoked to get this week stated right.
I love working out
I am wired this morning
Why am I always the first to initiate shit? BITCH STEP UP.
What? No pics???
I Hear Pheonix Is Like the NBA, White Women For All...
No problem, Dave!
Especially where they don't exist! Don't let facts stop a good story. :) RT : A SANDWICH! Amazing!
Focus less on Birthdays and Start Celebrating Milestones in your Journey of Life.
Flight into Dallas last night was interesting. 1st time I have heard pilot tell attendants to sit on the floor in the aisle.
yes and yay!
you the man!!! Hell of a game... That's why your my fav yankee!! Keep killing it man...
The sun is actually shinning here in Pennsylvania!
Arboreal Overtones. Rosy Particularities. Precious Reciprocity.
Lie to Me?
Thoroughly enjoyed watching ur team play this year, and sitting behind ur bench during sum games COP in Fort Myers.
Yes, motorcycle couple, blast that country tune about the racist drunk driver!
Attack Walmart as if an apocalypse is coming
"Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved."
Thank you!!!
nothing like a beautiful orchid plant for a gift this season. orchid fair this weekend ya'll
Congrats to #AmericanMasters. The Charles & Ray Eames episode that we aired in December just won a 2012 #Peabody Award!
Anything that's worth having is worth fighting for...
Guise my lip is bleedin :(
Choclate tarts are my favorite!!!!
New iPhone!
oh poor Donny, missing all food because of your cleanse!
re: tears...thank you for saying exactly what I've been thinking all day!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you think ur parents are making a dirty reference in front of you but aren't sure
All u fake ass Bulls fans we dont want yo kind when the Bench Mob start going to work. Go hop on LA or MIA dick.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
Scouting apartment buildings for our next shoot. Two toddlers start screaming, "No paparazzi!"
That's not too bad. I dig the Criterion stuff...takes me back to my VHS days, lol.
See, you're adjusting to life in La Jolla already! Sad day in Boston, huh? RIP Carl Beane.
I thought u were...
RT Brutal to go from games w/ shot clock to games w/out. Teams lead under 3 mins and just stall. That's not basketball.
When will soccer "pundits" stop talking about Kenny Cooper as a viable option up front for US nat'l team?! He has NEVER produced. Move on.
so you wantd me to invite u to work
April fools were going to McDonald's!!!!!
I love series because it means my time with a character/world/story doesn't end, but many kid's/YA books from a series feel incomplete.
Why wait till your last year to fuck up
awesome thanks
Why I am in your tweets? xD
don't let me get my ugly on you
Me too! TODAY is all "kids & FB misuse thse days! Why do they friend coworkers but not list employers? Don't they care abt wk?"
That Chronicle GaGa post was ridiculous. Commenter was right: "I've read better cultural criticism in the New York Post."
Textbook use increases with grade level; standardized test scores decrease by grade level with increased text use
what's good baby
#shoutouts #teamfollowback followed you back bro
Just saw Jeff Garlin chewing food while driving a small car near Farmers Market. Contain your excitement over this tweet, everybody.
Few things will define us more, than by what we give back.
Some people say "you can't live without LOVE" personally, I think OXYGEN is more important. R.S
Looking at a March 17th of the patio! St. Patty's Day party!
I don't want to go to school I mean really why it 7 no one should have to get on the bus at this time or earlier.
yep :) we're dating too. I'll show you a picture tomorrow of how I asked her.
Noo bull!!.. Id stop breathin if she told me 2!..
#church time to do some drumming!
Oh, hello, weekend. So nice to see you again.
Has anyone ever used Amazon's DynamoDB? My rackspace MongoDB is eating hard drive space like a fat kid eats cake.
why do white people hate other white people so much
couldn't say it better myself!!!
they get progressively funnier, now what the heck do we shoot tonight
Q: what's your favorite chocolate? A: nutella <3 so good !
I hope all the Cat Fans are feeling truly blue come Friday Night. Have a great time. GO HOOSIERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE...get word out of he is nice, funny, and supper cutee which is always a pluss(:
Absolutely! I'm loving your feed. Excited to connect with people with similar interests!
Ive been laying in bed for 90% of the day being extremely unproductive..
BREAKING: Suspicious package reported at 400 West North Temple. The bomb squad is on scene. More details on KSL at noon.
today we wandered downtown SF. the beat museum, city lights books, sea lions at pier 39. we are having a wonderful time here! #san francisco
im thankful for my family my son and my PS3 lol beyond
what do I do to enter ?
I could not vote for Ron Paul, but it's great his young supporters are thinking about freedom & the proper role of gov't.
it didn't go off while i wan on air, he.
Absolutely. Great job. RT : Great information in the Q&A with Lance Pierce of
At walmart. #Zap I had some food.
in this game you only use when you fight back.
Had a dream about an old friend last night and when I awoke this morning I had an email from her... weird right?
; i sorry.
New quote from head coach: bouting is where you are today; drilling is where you want to be tomorrow.
it really is! Haha
Mayweather<3 can't wait till the day of the fight!:D
The judges should have totally picked Kendra and Robbie as wild cards. They are AMAZING!!
Thanks, John. Have MetroPCS in UFC tonight and Bridgestone tomorrow night. Big weekend!
my point was that DWill won't sign somewhere else if he has Howard on the roster. Russia wins.
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone. G. Good Morning Twitter! Happy Hump Day!
No words.
You thought child labor was bad! Ten-year-old suicide bombers arrested. Taliban told them they wouldn't get hurt. Story on CNN.
follow back please?? <33 (:
Haha :P Okay. Well I Still Miss Our Old Hobby :/ Where We Spray Each Other With The Guns & Stuff :P I <3 Making Cupckaes :P
“: Raiders QB Jason Campbell broke collarbone & is expected to miss season. Huge blow for him & team” bad luck for a nice guy
Ok I guess its official now that the Twitter account is active! Our website will be up shortly! We can fill all of your MMA needs!
I never gave a fuck about anything unless it was : my education OR my gram .
nice little bit on sportscenter haha
I heard the kid was rich, but shit! Can we live here? BOOM! No! fuck no.
aggh- you have me craving fudge...or anything sweet. Diet may have to go out the window today
#Boston if you like good food good drinks and live bands go to #Jonathan's Bar & Grill in #newton. Tell them CUBA sent u an get a deal.
At Head and The Heart concert!!
Ray of Duncanville: This needs to be a balanced state and local partnership. Right now solely at state level. Balanced scorecard.
AND BECAUSE OF HIS BLOOD, I'VE (ALREADY) OVERCOME reminding myself that right now, even though I little down.
#PS3 or die!
Just in time for my lunch time run through NP! RT : playing your request for The Jam now on !
Tweet tweet tweet, Facebook Facebook Facebook
Follow Back
So there's like a .0000000000001% That you'll ever notice me. It's pretty sad too. /:
University researchers found that very young children, once exposed to foods with high sugar, fat and salt contents, develop a palate for...
Thanks for the direct link! Much Appreciated!
ty Happy Friday!!
THX!x“: im telling people ur reall x and this isnt a fake”
Saw the premiere of Thundercats on the Cartoon Network.It was pretty cool.
Time to get rid of things from the past...for good.
Shit I want a puppy.
Grand mothers were ashamed of us . Do you think I give a fuck what YOU thank of us ??
In my lowest state, I think the worst about everybody.
Will do!
Realized: am still trying to dress like a woman I saw walking down the street maybe 15 years ago.
Glad that Walter knows when I'm not feeling well. That puppy has some great intuition.
Yeah, you should meet them (they're all in SoCal) -- they're all amazing women just like you! Will introduce u when I'm down!
Homes are being repaired housing homeless
Hey tweeps? What's the best #iPhone #prank #app?
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 8
Tracking though #DrDee for the first time.
I'm doing this new thing where I don't eat. Starting now.
Answer the question , class is in session.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana! We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched.??Thoughts??
Dinner tonight with my loving bride. What better way to start the weekend.
My personal favorite #thingscustomerssay is "Can I talk to a guy, they'll know what I'm talking about." Thanks Auto Zone.
My nigga I'm faded...
The Pack will be Back!
Thank heavens Elise is safe. Don't save Deandre - please!
We got a badass over here.
I wish my head would stop hurting.
Love the #VersaceforH&M skirt that was wearing on E!News. I totes want one! Gorge.
“ Club Fridays with my girls tonight and ”
Stop in see the Captain before tonight's game! Go Cubs!
RT The guy at the gym said I had spring Spring Booty he tryna see what my Summer Booty looks like//damn shawty thick af!!!
hey boo I miss you
Its cool tho..
lol kevin xD I love him
I don't know but I'm guessing would have an answer
Someone show me some love. :) •Diamond
Happy Gaper day! Come and hang out with Jenn and I at Cecilia's!! Party holla!!
Woody and buzz. What a combo.
gee. I hope he has something to fall back on...“: Titans told safety Myron Rolle they plan to release him.”
setting up for the Infrared Radiation Orch. First Theramin on our stage.
Watching Killer Clowns with my nephew on netflixs
i know. :( I had to run to next gig. next time you are coming to SF, we are hanging out! Feel better, Alex!
birthday cake batter!!!!!
yes it does
os upgrade just 30$ if its that big an issue :P
idk if im getting a new phone or not. if i dont i wont beable to tlk to u till saturday :'(. its cuz im goin to my dads.
A stunning variety of items, including Italian embossed & Florentine papers, shimmers, sparkles and sheers, and much, much more!!
High five ! Have a great, sunny #Seattle day...off to Greenlake!
Day 1 of Insanity complete. <U+E057> I made it through the Fit Test this time. Quality over quantity!
scale move. scale move. scale move. scale move. sculpt! export. upload. (What my dreams will be like for the next few weeks)
follow me please
That runner must score.
btw, if you ever need an extra pair of eyes - just shout
Finally off of work. getting dinner with Chris and Sarah then picking up our gear from the warehouse. It's been too long
#nw Office Space - Hilarious movie!
Press Digest: Sunday British business - May 6
RUSHERS ELEVATE WITH BTR!!! :)
Hey Dax. I'm not sure if he's still signed or not. 5 losses in a row is tough, but his last fight was a great one, so I hope!
I'm sure twitter is the last thing on your mind right now. But when you can, let tw know. Bet a lot of people are waiting on that
I haven't seen it before - applying programming principles to metadata
oh yea, I forgot about that..... #basketballwivesseason25 ??
Another beautiful day. High around 70, with plenty of sunshine. Even warmer temperatures tomorrow.
Wow....Tupac Hologram....wow..hologram
Is anyone still up?
Can't share in 140 characters lol... It just gets old.. I'm fine :) RT : wtheck happened
I really need to get a new laptop
come to Oregon
I was hurting the last stretch but not w/ the end in sight. I feel it now but there was no pain for a while after that finish!
Finishing up Saul Bellow's HERZOG. #fridayreads What are you reading?
Hey Android users, any app recommendations for me? "Angry Birds" responses not required or encouraged.
And, I'm the only Mom here in business clothes and four inch heels. Talk about feeling out of place.
Admire and beware ... The Cultural Revolution is finally in the United States . Please no Mao hats hats
Tht's scary part, "support their 'government' & OBEY (my emphasis) orders."Y do U thnk ppl say kids won't B "socialized"?
Scotch is evil.
"boom. what's that? me droppin some knowledge on you!" haha love it!!
So I went over to and bought the garbage disposal & hubs will go buy the tractor there this evening.
Congrats you know we love to keep u in nola....
The float is ready for take off at the parade!
Yes I'm watching #nerdprom too. It used to be our fun cspanafterdark newsjunkie secret. Now it's kind of bitter and angry.
RT : "SEO is a noun, verb, and adjective." — Todd Malicoat
Pretty great lunch yesterday good job to Donald Link and the crew, I've miss you guys
Hah I'm sorry Hannah I know. My emotions get the best of me sometimes.
i wanna cuddle with you. >.>
Steve Jobs was a master of pop culture! Sez #techcrunch blog on KNX1070 AM live!
Eating TJ's Triple Berry O's for breakfast. Trying to tweet more.
I didn't know girls were supposed to get guys flowers for prom too...
Taylor Bakery made that King Cake. They do a great job.
It's a tent sale this weekend at Gadhafi's!
Just had a helpful meeting with my assistant principal and principal. The takeaway: I need to be meaner in the classroom. Hmm. Can I do it?
I still must finish a chemtrail, a dog collar and an eyeball before my work is done.
LaGarrett Blount on the field for Ducks
I Am So bored bored bored So Imma go Make Some Soup :3 maybe I will cuz in lazy haha
Troy brouwer yeah
Flavor of the week dark chocolate raspberry
...Now Let Me See Ya Hips SWING!
Finally found Smiley Lewis's 45 "I Hear you Knocking" on Imperial 5356. Sorry Fat's & Dave Edmunds but you ain't got nothin'on old Smiley
We are so close to first place in the state race! Vote every day for New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better and re-tweet please!!...
Being normal isn’t one of my strengths:)
I just apologized to a chair, I need to go to sleep.. Only 4 more days!! #Goodnight<3
I just can't handle cody okay.
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
Thanks!! We're having fun!!
Public comment continues after one hour on #FatCityLofts project at CCDC. Each side pretty much saying the same thing: jobs main issue.
I'm gonna try to get Keith to forward my selections to all his members for a bit of self promo : ~ haha !
Awesome the 15th is a Sunday. Gives me another day to file my IRS extension.
I got some niggas in prison that ain't coming home, and they main hoe done put a block on the phone.
Jessica alba on Ellen DeGeneres show. Two awesome females, each in their own way.
Great!...it's Friday :D
you talm bout tha abc version of it?
lmfao , he's here I'm tryna put his lil ass too sleep ,
Only thing better than finding money on the pavement is using it to see in Chicago in a bit over a week!! xx
Read your DM's.
I see a ticket purchase in my near future!!
it was during the summer time
I have some stalker for some reason who's slandering me to everyone for no reason. I have no idea what's going on. I want to cry actually.
#Onthisday Bob Marley died 30 years ago today at the Cedars of Lebanon Hospital, now University of Miami Hospital.
awww that's so sweet of u to say.. But that's just how it go's with my type of profession and exposure.. Makes me laugh tho
Saw guy with a tail. Might have been blowing in the wind, but I think he was wagging it
^es yes pilates is a beast
Apparently it did!!!
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
: After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
That's very true. I wouldn't do it if I wasn't pre-med haha. And yes, I am in a fraternity. You should rush! It's a lot of fun!
Brooks Laich. What the hell are you doing right there?
I just shit a foot long turd.
Twitter account hacked, do not open DM from , it will continue to spread!
Finishing an insightful #12NTC session on #theoryofchange by When was the last time your org updated yours?
Yeah, that would be maddening. My profs never had tests. All our grading was based on attendance and hw.
McKenna: we don't do a good job of building coalitions. Schimming: liberals do it all the time. We only do it at election time
Gonna go eat.
wat ARE YOU SAYING
Can you make a pic for me will i'm making one for you?
Does anyone know of any FB games that are actually fun to play?
Got pinned today! Oh yea rank 6 of 89.
RT : CNN just ran another story on orange juice futures. Must be a core component of our financial system.
I know someone selling tix ... message me on Facebook if interested ... Right Field Bleachers & preferred parking pass.
You might fall, but don't fall off.
excited for the auburn meet!
Is Search engine marketing is easy to value
FOLLOW ME LIL TWIST
Thanks for the love
Relaxing today! Not a single thing I HAVE to do today. I am in control of the tv remote!
Ok. RT There are only 2 ways to walk: 1.your boobs bounce 2.your boobs don't bounce
Happy mothers day I love you mom even if we fight I love you still I wouldn't be hear with out you! I love you mommy
Dear pillow. Why did you cast me under a spell of sleep for TWO HOURS?!
aww man:/ On the bright side, I got another pic like 10 mins ago (:
You have my condolences.
Due to inclement weather Theta Chapter has will postpone our Founder's Day BBQ to TOMORROW from 12-4PM! We hope to see many of you there :)
#progressparty was awesome. they really load you up at lounge201.
Not too bad. Been working on a Congressional Campaign up here, and still keeping the social media consulting alive.
why haven't u been on live bro I finally got halo back.
thank goodness the butterfingers are finally all gone. i finally have half a chance at self-restraint.
On Virgin America flight from SFO to san Diego. What a great experience. Well worth the upgrade cost. Wow. Real food!
Its been just over 2 weeks since Austin Mahone tweeted me <3 (;
A3: trusting is like walking in the dark, holding someones hand..we fear the darkness or losing our hold
: wish I could come and photograph you in concert!
is now taking headshots for just $80! Great photographer!! Email for samples of work! (LA based)
Every morning, it seems to me that if I sleep for 5 minutes then I need good sleep: D
Yep. Found my pop sound. Game over.
Googling "zerg rush" has been the most productive thing I've done today.
michelle beadle love u and will u be my wife yes she will
This weekend was great but I am ready for home. :)
Two lost possessions. This is killing me. Reset the offense don't throw the ball away!
Why doesn't the city organize this in a 21st century manner?
RT looking to be your next hair stylist. Check out my hot hair line of products.
just a thought mate. I try to strive to know what hiring mangers want& thus I can hunt better :) its a both side involvement.
Oh yeah!!! Twitter! I forgot you were here. Sorry.
It's nice to shoot a wedding where you get to catch up with a lot of old friends.
Yeah, pretty amazing the O's won with those stats in their lineup. Hardy picked him up, big. Funny he's barely over .200 now.
Tune into at 1pm to find out details and show your support to the Mighty 91 during our spring membership, drive if you can! 4147991917
Say 5ive. Wen life seems unholy follow that righteous path. #NoPig ya dig. Almighty
Donald Trump endorsing Mitt Romney is like Randolph endorsing Mortimer in Trading Places.
#MoreFemalesShould have more self respect & stop sleeping around, because it's you all who have guys thinking us Good Girls don't exist.
Thats Sum Real Stuff...
Kodak easy share aint so easy..
I always preferred Lewis Black's "Jesus Christ on a crutch!"
RT : HUGE problems on the roads this morning. Ice spots everywhere. with more on
Always darlin'... always! :)
not a lot man...livin! How's the SoCal life??
lol RT : Lol well damn RT : i plan on it RT : Would you marry one of yo follower
was i close?
When an actor comes to me and wants to discuss his character, I say, 'It's in the script.' If he says, 'But what's my motivation
Apr 04,2012: Photos with the Easter Bunny: 10:00am: Mayfair Mall. The Easter Bunny is hopping in for visits and photos
RT : Welcome back, football.
Are you at the home games, either as a fan or media? There's a good chance I'm at another Celtics game this year.
I love you more than the sun and stars that I taught how to shine
Stop believing the liars, trusting the backstabbers, and loving the heart breakers.
Yup those ones haha!
- i am really like the bells though, seriously. I can feel it working my core like CRAZY!!
well start acting right an u get a good one
I need ur help with these school papers!!!
WOW, Casey McGehee is back! He launched that pitch to make it 5-4
lol that's a different story.
I think I just saw using scaffolding to stretch like a ballerina & no one noticed.
lol hopefully someone might notice and take that off in case. Hopefully. (till then I would laugh x)
My dad did the MMA class with me last night. Lol
breaks em down 1 by 1 just like he says..... Good return mane
I don't want to see the same matchups over and over again even if its rivalry. It's fine the way it is.
There comes a time when you have to be your own hero. Because sometimes, the people you can't live without, can live without you.
He's a beast. #greenjacket for sure. Well deserved
”I am as graceful as a refrigerator falling down a flight of stairs.”
RT : lol your thinking about breakfast I'm thinking about dinner.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful. ~ Warren Buffett
Austins toenail loves you(: and so does austin!(:
Bowling with and
- I believe that's the Wizards former strength coach who went with Eddie Jordan to Philly.
RT : Knick fans chant "Asshole", but they don't realize Lebron's asshole is the shape of how many wins they have.
Another beautiful Wisconsin day to enjoy! I love it here!
if I ever went to Cali you would be the first person I hit up. Then possibly some other people.
Driving to work observing massive trees lining St. Paul, wondering what trees have seen over the many years of their existence.
People are gettin rowdy already
Late night workout. Lets go!
LMAO!!! I swear you deserve an award for that tweet
I love watching you watch the Hawk game almost as much as the game itself! u crack me up :)
Followed Me Yesterday!
heading to BBC tonight myself. When you gonna be there?
Wags R Us!!! Come follow US~~~
Ebay and Word Press --making a living from home. It's not rocket science and no, I"m not selling anything. My tips are free
ha ha ha ha that's hilarious. I love the itsdrunkoutside comment.
are at #bigboldbenefit next to soo many superstars
thank you
You're so hot :)
Spanish is boring... Why cant school end at 3 like normal people school :P hahaha
I hear and I forget; I see and I remember; I do and I understand. ~ Confucius
really not looking forward to this doctors appointment. :/
next time i'm out, we'll test how many rounds you can go
hey thanks, big follow!
Thank you so much for the compliment, always a pleasure to see you.
well said. Either exploiting action or determining the action.
watching bat for lashes on letterman. bjork/kate bush comparisons are so right! ps. her drummer is hott!
Thanks for posting the storytime resources!
Hamas' escalating attempts to force Israel into war are becoming irresistible. How will the world, Egypt in particular, respond?
The fml moment when u up date ur internet and it kicks u off facebook and twitter....... not liking it
Except one problem.... My lazy ass don't wanna get up....
Have not yet TRIED reboot! Am just completely obsessed w/Gina McKee. *I* want to obsess my life away on her.
i need to gain more followers if you follow you will get a guarantee follow back so follow me
found out I'm getting the pains in my legs because I have scar tissue from surgry pushing on nerves..gotta do cortisone shot
#FF follow this awesome person shes sweet ,loves botdf! and has sparkly balls!! :D <3
SoCal Newsletter just went out and are on with Leno tonight. Good #Berklee day.
yes we want another back at home
#IfOlnyHeKnew that i LOVE you and i will ALWAYS be a belieber!<3 I promise <3
On the town tonight with my lovely wife Cinda. Delicious dinner is finished. Now we wait for the doors to open for Wicked.
We are currently booking a US tour around Orion Music and More! If you are interested in booking us email
"Wow your tall, do you play basketball?"... "Wow your small, do you play mini golf?"
hahahaha seriously we have problems...
Last day before out GI/reproductive unit test... time to review everything!
Yes, 'mommy' + 'librarian' can be stressful, & I ended up with a collection of half-eaten pic book discards 4 the offspring.
basketball shorts will be the death of my iPhone, everything I move or get up this thing is flying everywhere
oh no! Im sorry. :( will you be able to stay home and get some rest?
I love P90X. I see you tweet on it a lot.
Need friends to follow the Boys & Girls Club...visit to follow... Need as many "followers" as we can! Please follow! Thanks.
I follow for the same reason I follow I like fiction.
stop it
Just reached 10th prestige on #CoD .....
nothing pithy, witty, or charming to say today.
howw you doing sweet cheeks.?:-)
I'm laying in bed, wishing you were here. I miss you, if it's not already evident. <3
-bah, hard to imagine how I could have played that worse..cash game now
I Grind so hard ppl think i be showin out its plenty Money In these STREETS it up to u to Chase it.stop hatin and apply urself
Hecka sick though.
Dear , I mean I guess I can forgive you. No wonder I hardly saw my #1 photographer. How amazing was that slushie though eh
"Allie stinks. Put it in the stick. Put it in the stick. Yeah!"
SS I just deleted like 4 new contacts with no numbers saved from my phone on my Very Drunken Birthday Party.
Light pollution? If you are not operating a telescope, is it really pollution?
I wanna move away meet new people and leave everyone and everything behind but I know that's not gonna happen right now
It's time to make my health the first priority! Exercise, yoga, meditation, a diet that nourishes me completely & does not deplete me.
Getting really paranoid. Hopefully Jim Carrey and coldplay will help me out.
Its MAD THURSDAY hosts Halloween Bash!! w/ there early Free Beer Bar from 10-11!! O'Malleys 2249 N.Sheffield.
Sometimes just chilling listening to #music and nothing else is all I need
lol. I do that! Hold it up myself, but same thing!
its so boring when austins not home :p
explains is you win you eat program #GoViks!
excited to finally be in Austin, it's been awhile.
hahaha you're hilarious.
Please RT: Looking for story ideas for a notes package for Saturday's paper. Email thoughts to
Ha. Bynum still has a lot of potential and time to develop. We'll see if he works on his pick & roll D this summer
ill fight till the end for her heart Ill never give up for what’s possibly
Hard work and motivation makes all the difference!
RT : Shout out to Michael Field from San Diego Natural History Museum for sharing his knowledge of exhibit installation. PRICELESS
will post videos soon....
mm cool broo
do you ever just zone out and wonder what would have happened if you never gave trying out a shot?? xx.
Doors open tonight open mic comedy
Arrow and Cult are the only ones I will check out. I feel the others will fail. BatB won't do any better post TVD. E.md(Tues)= X
Good Night !
Great board meeting this morning. Looking forward to passing business tomorrow!
I'm stuck doing my brother's science project? thanks mom.
RT I've played so many shows...1mil people in brazil, world cup, so many, and now I'm nervous for this one..."I feel like crying"
YES we are home! Come over and then we'll go eat or something. Nownownownow! Yay
Omg one more class then it's the weekend Cereal Bowles
Go figure.
RT : I am so bad at initiating conversation.<~~~ I rarely can.
But if you take it to email I can't eavesdrop! ;-)
Just wrapped up an afternoon long mtg bt VOICE board and a potential funder. This deepens the work with VOICE & NOAH, both part of Gamaliel
yea lol and oh iight :) So this kid i kinda like salls me like every night and were talking righ now and hes so random !lol
YES! Hang in there (think I chose the wrong session too!)
Just paid $3.99 for a weather app. Yes, a little pricey, but it came with a bachelor's degree in meteorology.
you should know
i am cursed when it comes to making pea soup. sad.
speedos and a cowboy hat? *shrugs* i dunno
RT Microformats -the only way I've found to unify any large amount of leg. data. Too many corner cases to use a traditional schema
Chief Tubbs is great. If he could voice an opinion, you would know he strongly sides with the people and not the Walker admin.
Srsly? RT : City believes Heights Blvd is a major thoroughfare suited to heavy 18 wheeler traffic for #Walmart. Really?"
what's FamilyLeaf (other than another -1 on UW predictive abilities?$
Ow my side hurts and the bus is hot again
Webisode Wednesdays, Webisode Wednesdays, Webisode Wednesdays with Lady A! I bet everyone just sang that. Haha! Miss the old theme song!
I may not be perfect but i'm always me!
Semi- finalist, Miguel Franklin, started singing when he was 5 years old and had his first performance at the age of 8!
Designing T-shits for SPENCER!
I don't know where these last couple pages of my research paper are going to come from.
while that does sound like my kinda wholesome fun, we've got dinner plans. I'll see if everyone'll get down to their skivvies.
Where can we see the candidate lists?
Nothing beats a relaxing Sunday afternoon! How will you spend it?
thank you as well!! xx
Ask your undergrads to do more serious work. Translation no longer qualifies for tenure.
FRICK !!! Cmon kansas i need a payment! b4 the13th.
Fans of old school DLR era Van Halen...do yourself a favor and pick up their new album. I can't stop listening to it & cant wait for tour!
just think of my puffy hydrated skin....
Conservative rep just announced they have "substantial minority" so LibLab talks just not fair! Apparently they've a majority on minorities!
Ok put some clothes on, slutty bitchs in campus library
Was watching Wipeout last night and realized that Teen Wolf's hosts it :O I knew I recognized her from somewhere...
UPS came back! Lily Marie got a book too: Eric Hill's SPOT'S FUN FIRST WORDS! Wonderful gift from wonderful Amy Comito! & cool
Be the peaceful presence
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Jim Hernandez. Congratulations Jim! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
Chevy Sonic and Greg Jennings
talking about a smile and a combo got me feeling like mr. roboto
I just entered the giveaway at
"it's my body, I do what I want!"
I wanna live in Los Angeles. Not the one in Los Angeles.
yea why?
end of July smh that sux. Its crazy how yaw semester is set up lol
TOO Ill my dude!
Better get there early then! Hah. We'll save ya one. What size?
Cute little apps often act like big bad brother #privacyisdead #1984 #Orwell "Big Brother is watching You"
Feminism breeds men who are afraid to be men! Be a man! No manicure s or eyebrow waxing guys we must stand strong!!
When you open the box, it squawks at you until you close it again
Just got rear ended on I-55... And what are the olds of knowing the person who hit us...
Let me know if you find other ways too! I also find frequent breaks & small rewards helpful. (Peanut M&Ms help me!)
i think im going
Certain people rub me wrong tho so I have my ways.
I learned from the best my 4 bros
also known as jacob sutherland : Histrionic Personality Disorder (HPD) is characterized as an overwhelming desire for attention.
When I was ridin my bike on Sunday's, you were singin in the church choir like the biggest sissy you've ever seen!!!!!!
morning, welcome to my world
It would sound cliche to say i love u it would sound "heard-before" if i say ur my queen, so i dnt love u, love is mutual i lo
Please play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I lvoe that song!
Employed, graduating, cancun! If only i had a gf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
you guys are awesome. Do you know what would make you THE BEST? A "genius" button (a la pandora). Or do you already have that?!
Gonna hit up Alamo Drafthouse for their open screen night and show CELL. Crowd usually wants comedy but we'll see how it goes.
I can't believe that my dad is spending the night at his girlfriend's house when it's my mom's birthday...
Heading back to #SanDiego for the holidays, then back to daily production! Can't wait to start my new position as an opinion editor
Ready for my Casey Abrams CD now!
Ready for the all star game, let's go West team!!
be careful. I think Montreal residents are allowed to shoot Zdeno Chara on sight.
whatta amature ": My cat did something really cute, but I wasn't ready with my camera. #FirstWorldProblems”
we like having !
remember what Dennis said lol. & allot of other people told me that too.
Back to the Future 1-3
I share what #Inspires me! We all inspire each other, I love the "We" of our program. We are never alone! Keep sharing, you Rock!
hahaha its your dream girl!! Red head, kinda thick. If only we could confirm that she is in fact a she...
Aftermarket or Custom wheels? Anyone have any preferences?
A friend just got me into it during their beta release so spending some time seeing what its all about.
check out all the new stuff in tha store!!
Already am jealous that you're seeing Youth Lagoon! Missing it here in Portland later this week!
Making a midnight run to Vegas. Jana, Bugsy and I are on our way to WPPI.
Whenever I make easy Mac, I imagine queen Elizabeth making easy Mac. Doesn't make me feel any better, but I at least giggle.
Listening #Boyfriend on Raido Disney :)
Did you hear the one about the blind skunk that fell in love with the fart?
It's Friday Fish Fry at Beta by Sabor! Featuring Lake Perch from Sweet Water Organics with crispy shoestring fries!
Pop's nuts if he plays Big 3 tonight and I fully expect Jerry to screw up his pick manana. What say the people? (Taylor)
The world is looking for authenticity. It doesn't matter what it is, just as long as its authentic.
Don't go for looks,they can deceive.Dn't go for wealth,even that fades away.Find one tht makes your heart smile,becuz that will nver go away
Thanks much for the opt-out update, that's really good news.
Matthew got a signed ball from Buckeye Josh Dezse tonight! He was drafted in MLB out of HS, so this is a keeper :)
You should do a fundraiser for 's Becky's House! Keep up the great work!
It's noxious. The one where he's such a business pro demigod he actually talks businessmen into playing a round of golf? LOL
Thanks for the #FF Newark Peeps
oh nice ! lol you need to try Vodka !
congratulations! They are so lucky to have you.
Meet Ross tonight at Martuni's Piano Bar (4 Valencia St) for Open Mike Night. 10:00-10:30 pm.
do tell!
#Windows 7 Backup and Restore images drives...huh...and to think I spent two hours trying to figure out why #Acronis wasn't starting imaging
If you try to get me jealous best believe I'm going to be mad asf, then get you back like 10x more.
Gotta love HARRY POTTER!<U+E13D>
Tre Arrow is in the fourth round of Portland mayoral candidates
youre silly :) miss you dude!
what time does Jukebox the Ghost go on??
Check out this fantastic organization -
that's what I'm saying haha
Kabob Kebab Kabab United we stand
u mobile
um no who told u that
Haha. They're the best!
Wedding last night was same place Tom Petty got hitched! Would recommend
So far, Bonnie Raitt is the only one that can actually sing out of all these frauds
Good Sunday Morning! St. Sabina stand in solidarity this morning to take the church to the streets. Stop the Violence is our message!
I am just now catching up on your #mla2011 tweets. You really did see some amazing stuff...
Best night to meet members is Weekly Meeting Tues at 7pm, otherwise Thurs at 7 is Builder's Night Out!
Saturdays live on with ! $1 margaritas till 11 and $3 empire shots...ladies and military free till 11!
Unions have money, but not the kind of money Walker has access to. No matter what this remains a grassroots vs. big money fight.
follow what????
what? i heard I wuz missing!
That legacy is a beautiful thing :) Congrats to you and your pop doing big things!
Have you checked out the toomuchrock.com podcast? Features tunes from !
you should come work out with us tonight :)
Few people are less likely to ever find love than Patti Stanger. Foul.
I WASN'T KNOW THIS!!!
cool thanks!
#DearTaylorSwift you are the MOST BEAUTIFUL AND COurageous PERSON have EVER seen I love you <3
just trying to go a month without pop. figured if i do that, i wont drink it anymore. its a bad habit.
Sold out show at Glendale Centre Theatre. Yeah Beau Jest
This jit acting like I'm handicapped
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.” Robert Frost
Even though I don't use the lectionary much any more, I'm stoked to learn there's an app for it. A well spent $.99.
How's my favorite John?
u got my number
Cmon Raiders you can do this!
That rep is reading from the script. You won't get any farther with him. You need to go over his head. Ask for a supervisor.
Always run into ' grandma when I go out.
CORE VALUE#6. A work to do. Eph 4:16 6. A work to do. “Everyone has a part to play from whom the whole body, being fitted..” Eph 4:16
thanks, lady! looking forward to seeing you soon.
Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson at Pics with him, lots of raffle stuff, etc
Animal farm is a pretty good book & we only read 4 chapters
What are your favorite #movies out this weekend?
": Never settle for being someone's "other" when you have the potential to be someone's "only"."
Dear jeebus... please make the obnoxious girl sitting next to me at the DMV shut the hell up. Thank you. Amen.
Cool little Google+ feature: takes Youtube links and displays a hyperlink with title of the video instead of the link url
Im doing great and u??? just chillin
One of a kind baby...
Skinny drew carey or maybe tom sizemore?
gone, gone, it's gone, all gone...i absolutely love this song
We are open until 6 every Thursday!
pretty cool, its still a work in progress to get where im going
My name today is Ms. Grumpy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> lol
Facebook just f.cks a relationship up
Join us on twitter, facebook and myspace.
colt cabana was right . creative has nothing for you / WTF dark match on his birth day , my-be get a SMOKESHOW 2 night WWWYKI
Dont forget Pastor ...... JESUS is the REURRECTION AND THE LIFE!!!!!
Thank you for the follow, Tony!
17th on Friday - Ft. Lee (NJ) FSB. Banks still in denial. Don't banks still own underwater resi loans?
I first heard it from you. I guess you are my source for news.
'Rollerblade Mom' could be a Disney Channel original movie.
Watching Clarissa Explains it all, #90sareallthat!
Ugh I hate being sick
If Monday were to be an ice cream it would be onion flavored.
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHY YOU'RE STRAIGHT EDGE!
watching #GhostAdventures marathon, I always get goosebumps or feel chills in every episode!
Before the interview tips: #1 Reseach the company or organization. Products, services, mission, values, web site, in the news and more.
we got your #friedchicken tonight at #HydeParkBarNGrill!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe procrastination is a really big thing
The basic arithmetical skills and impulse control required for responsible dining at small-plate restaurants may well be beyond me.
haha, okay. Font forget! (:
RT The polls are open! Vote yes for libraries.
Girl told me she was 22, actually 21. "I'll be 22 eventually." I'll be 47 eventually, doesn't mean I tell people that's how old I am.
So close you can smell it!! Keep going!! #DFWRhinos #NaNoWriMo RT : 45,564! I am so close!
RT It's so sad when you're not dating Ryan Gosling.
I feel bad for her, she's such a mess.
i wish you noticed me .. </3
RT Describe your left elbow and u could win a bottle of lotion. RT this & u might win a sweatband.
My mommy told me to bring my black ass on -__- ()
I really have to meet you now, lol
Don't have basement Trying to decide on going to TDF
i did waitt i thought it was jadenn.! haha i always confuse them
RT : I love Mondays! it's like getting a do over every week!>yep you got that right!!!
Man it's been a long day already.
1Q84, The Marriage Plot, On History, The Kingdom and the Power, Stories Rabbits Tell
#scherzinger soon!! Get in
And recognize on X. Always a sweet 16 threat. That brawl really shook them till now. & IMO A10 > meac, caa, patriot leagues of the world.
#FF Thank you for following us! Do you have big plans for NYE?
Gr8 #jazz gig last night w/22 young men from college sitting in. We spanked 'em, military style! Uptown Jazz Orchestra, baby.
Woke up randomly at 5 am craving a pb&j. Success.
Boy what a night. Just had delightful conversation w/David Campbell of Campbell Interest Inventory fame.
Money diamonds gold and ice yall talk shit you'll pay the price shut up cunt I'll cut your tongue back down bitch your fucking done
Unlock my badge! Help me win! www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
"Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read." Groucho Marx
Took a nap for 5 hours
Monsters coming back out onto the ice.
I've finally relented to societal pressures and created a Twitter account. God help me.
Harden his mohawk and his beard keep going straight down the middle.
Shit just got real.
When are you planning on moving to Madison?
13 days of School left
Real good, we got to be together with family, my Grandmother had surgery, and it went awesome. Hope your New Years is a blast!
Thank you, City and County of Denver for hosting blue ribbons for Child Abuse Prevention Month!
Saturday is good
Not yet. in 2013, you better believe I'll be there.
it's more like "hiring her" was an act of cowardice and an assault on intellectual freedom.
We've made it half way through together! Wake up with us on the !
Angry people generate more ideas? I'm going to be a revertible font of inspiration today!
Girls will always fall for the guys who don't care about her.
need to get my school done
hahaha love it!
In 2008, #Obama's speech on the potentially divisive topic of race pulled us together. He can do the same for sexual orientation. It's time.
Trucks, farms, cornfields, and tractors combined with random 10 yard passing zone depicts my morning drive south for work.
U going by station? I may see ya I'll b workin there around noon": HA!!"
Success! Go to www.austinloftydog.com for coupons on pet strollers, doggie tees, biscuits and kitty food.
Is it me? Or do some go go dancers seem dead inside? ha! I'm somewhat joking, but not really. ha! ;-)
Right Said Fred, "I'm too sexy." What else could you want to hear on the radio?!
oh ok thnx that's what I thought but i wasn't sure thnx:)
They should...#SAP used it this week and it ROCKED! Are you listening #Dell?
Never Waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them because tomorrow is not promised today
April colds can bite me. All downhill yesterday and today I feel like crapola. Grumble grumble.
is the reason I am wearing Green today.
The should be recognized for all the joy they spread to #youth in
Gonna try to convince my mom to get tattoos with me this week.
At least I made it to Mifflin.
She done been shot,stabbed,jumped and still ain't changed...
Haha, i didn't. I always wondered when they would do away with that. (if they would)
Makes sense, as she's about the same age as half the chicks on this season. RT Kelly Cutrone to ANTM? I'm digging it.
Sometimes I wish I could find a better job than the one I have right now...
Actually, she picked me up and took me inside! So, I hissed at her. Meanie!
Have you ever been to Hershey, Pennsylvania?(:
Review: "The First Rule of Ten" is an engrossing and off-beat mystery about a unsettled young man who is trying to attain serenity.
This big bitch walkin out of Little Ceasars with 5 boxes of pizza..she know her fat ass don't need that smh
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
I take it you are wearing a white shirt.
Yes! This is exactly the social pressure that we like to see. Now go get today's workout in :)
People in KS are not aware this is a holiday. I miss Dixie!
keep the pictures coming there all good.
I got my permanent license!! :D
yea i will be lame! xD
Before heading to photo exhibit, folks should stop by 2012 Girls Basketball Extravaganza at 1201 Penn Ave!
Happy happy joy joy! Off to the beach'
how long you in town for?
Sometimes I wonder if your blind/deaf when we speak. Or maybe you're just to stupid to really see.
getting my tail kicked on Guitar Hero. Never challenge a 11 year old with chocolate as the prize...
I hope As the Fallen Rise stays together
WHAT?! We going stalking okokokok
I'm about to hit the scene, but hard. Get ready for a reaction.
Their definition of embarrassing is not DOING something to embarrass me, but making me look bad to do so. Get me get me get me. Noyoudont.
where you don't want to wake up? where everything is fucked and everybody sucks?
hey(: will you finally notice me? it'd make my day. No...it'd mae my life.<3
Follow me please RT !!
Love fam! Know a nigga gotta rep da gang right!
#theartist for best picture!
Harold is getting married in Vegas on the 5th @ Circus Circus. Are you going?
2 bad bitches at the same damn time
Kick ass. Rickety Cricket and Johnny Drama are going to have a show on CBS in the fall "How To Be A Gentleman".
just saw your episode of "Louie". Helicopter. Helicopter.
I'm just gonna go ahead and put it out there...I'm suuuupppaaahhhh jealous of those couples out there. :(
amen sista soldia! Same goes for if you don't btw!
Thanks for Following!
": It's also hard to zone Kentucky when you have no idea what zone defense you're playing." Typical. Good shot maybe? Poise?
fuck where are my fucking friends
Diana Ross looks kinda like Oprah.
I'll be making engines and axles this summer
the gray one? What size?
The west house bathroom is disgusting.
I have SWAG <3! (Because I'm #Belieber & #Hunter)
You're taught to be still and let Him work, yet your desire to be in control of it all makes you restless.
If you could relegate any team in MLS to oblivion(think indoor soccer) it would have to be Houston right?
we i got selenas perfume samples they smell good
In my day, there were only 216 colors. You want magenta? DITHER IT!
An "ex" is called an "ex" because it's an EXample of what you shouldn't have again in the future.
I'm gonna do Insanity instead. Changed my mind!
What a gorgeous morning after a crazy storm yesterday! Hope your thursday goes well!
I'm off of twitter for 1 day.....1 day, and Joe Paterno dies?!? Goodness, my prayers to Penn State and his family.
RT : there can never be too many glorious #women leaders
One more night of this head cold. Hoping it is gone by morning.
had to follow alot of people back
Hahahahaha, Omg that directioner video is funny as hell. xx
power failure on our block. hooray for laptops and coffee shops. i think.
B.C.N's database is not merely a directory but an assemblage of reputable business people who have earned our confidence.
Dad "How do you know?" Grandma "Cause I know. I know a lot of things."
We're all reading #leanstartup on the recommendation of Meshes well with our existing mindset. And the cover == our logo :)
That's the sign of amazing pizza - consistency.
she's on Twitter. You have to follow my sister.
Happy to be helpful re: Argyle - just lemme know. Erics gotta stick together...
I can't believe the seasons almost over. I ain't gonna have nothing to do after next week.
Updating the Project Management curated apps list on appolicious
that's not wrong- that's perfectly correct. I have one better: dip a chocolate bar in frosting, consume. There.
the answer is B, but I imagine Mr. Hopkins with his "fava beans" face. Can't help it.
glorious memories on my SE USA roadtrip! you made the list! RT : I'm excited we're #7, but what are we counting? :)
just might save
OMG I HATE BEING A GIRL I FEEL LIKE I'M BEING STABBED IN THE OVARIES
If we can have fun together just us doing nothing! Then we can have fun doing anything.. And we'll most likely last for a while!
Ain't nothen like espn first take and some apple jacks in the am
Haha, that's what we're going for! RT Once You Pop You Can't Stop!
Bleh, yes. My bf and I have always just picked a day to celebrate sometime in Feb to avoid the crowds.
So bored. :P Someone text me. UGH!!!!
you're back home??
Now there is a woman covered in brownie batter
: Thank ya! Glad to find someone happy to meet me haha
Would you prefer some warning in advance, because I think we could do that.
"You've set on me but you are not the sun"
what did you do to loose the weight?
please follow me :)
NOW LOOK AT ME
bitch better bring my liquor or im not fucking you :)
A UPS package arrived in Seattle 5 days ago, hasn't been delivered yet. Can't report to Amazon or UPS until a failed delivery. Suggestions?
Me & are having too much fun with our bam sticks.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive 8. Confidence! Wear your threads with confidence, and you'll be the trendsetter.
Raiders of the Lost Car Keys
I want a Phish and Grateful Dead coloring book.
that's what I'm talking about. The hardest part for any artist will be the color. Give me 5 years to save up. Haha
Latest wx model still projects 12-16"+ snow from SW to NE WI; Blizzard Warnings in effect thru Weds night
#YoungLove!!!.......it gets no better!
s beard absorbs as much CO2 as all the plants in the rainforest.
Unreliable people in an unreliable world. Unreliable ass nigga and unreliable ass girls.
is your dog a goat?
how many days till spring break
i just realized that lol..i'm really tired and sick and my flu meds make me a lil off
and feed my squirrels & my causes!!
Looking forward to hearing the webinar by #ecornell, "Social Media's Role in Learning & Development".
it was fun! Thanks!
Lionel makes a good point on pace... He's right. Dudes were walking the ball up. Lionel wanted them to run it up and get the pace going.
he was fired as unpaid contributor to BackStage for his website Answers for Actors "Dear CD; Get Over Yourself".
Welcome home! Hope you had a great trip.
Steve Blake says: "Let's go!"
The abuses of Leopold were real
me too xD
thank you!
I lost my mind a long time ago i make no $ense
Sang Sarah Smile romantically to myself in the car ride into work this morning. Feel pretty good about it.
What? RT I just watched the replay again.My celebration of the dunk really was too much.Didn't even see James.Omg.Looks bad
Just coming thru n showing love n u also have gud music keep up the gud work
on right now.
Let me do mines and you can do yours...
one thing people never talk about, you declare, you don't suceed, you never play a down of football again.
awesome. Just when
want my bitch to make yo bitch look like precious
Ooh, that's awkward.
cause I'm awesome.
wow! 4 de Abril el cumpleaños de Austin Mahone!!! :) Happy Birthday Austin
If you could study anywhere in the world, where would it be? cc
It has been, and it's not bad when you come out on the correct side of history, which he will. Romney flips to the wrong side
LOL OMG. DID THEY KNOW WHO YOU WERE?
We'll try to do some videos, I think it's better than writing, let's see how we start
This is not my charger! Lol.
Bham museum of art library today! Wedgewood-ing it up in here.
[<U+266B>SONG OF THE DAY<U+266B>] "A Year Without Rain" - Selena Gomez & The Scene
Damn you KB!!!! Nigga done hit 43!
I really need to stop going to bed past 12 :p
I wish I didn't have to worry about homework!
I'm happy for adele :) she deserved all those awards..
Lol that's ridiculous ": My sister advises my to add omega-3 to my sweet tea- is she insane?"
The Movie Sensei officially gives #Transformers3 the Green Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Thank you everyone who came out to Hotel Cafe tonight, very fun!
and Reilly has never been ticked off. Most of what you hear from him is how he is reacting to something that did
A company that can afford monthly management dinner, yea me!
...and eggs are NOT spheres! :)
Demo-ing our installation of Archon to reference librarians soon. Debating b/t screenshots with arrows or live demo. Or mix. Any thoughts?
#ToDo Mothers Day, tomorrow at 2:00pm at Laura's House. Don't forget to get beer.
send me this pic!
Hahaha. Kinda shaky, but hopefully he'll settle down now.
Thanks for the list
Happy Labor Day! Hug a union worker!
exactly. Interesting math:
I love when we get surprise visitors in the studio! It was great seeing and Les from #Hardcore Pawn!
Watching the fight. Let's go Sugar Shane!!!!!
Easter Service #TPC, w/ my family, afternoon w/ amazing friends & evening w/ a BIG EASTER SURPRISE 4 our kids...I LOVE MY LIFE GOD GAVE ME!
Thanks 2 the Presenters of E2onair n guests Niko Browne n Lexy Brookes for 2 great shows this evening#very informative n feed back great.
Next step...MailChimp integration. Gotta have an email capture form...
Your grammar sucks. No one "Talks Lhyke This" And, if you think is good, you have no taste in comedy.
i dnt have n man
o“: are they choc.chip pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream?!??” }} orgasm
Even if you built app for iOS, Android AND blackberry, you'd still only hit 90% of the smart phone market. Mobile web better at this.
I thought Trader Joe's had small, fuzzy potatoes. Then I put on my glasses and realized they were kiwis.
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong. William Thackeray
Why tell his story? Holocaust survivor Roman Kent wants to influence the next generation to be good moral people.
Watch yourself in Vegas, some of them can be men. You don't want to end up like
UP and ATOM DAMAS y CABALLEROS....
Always stand up for what YOU believe in.
I would give anything to hang out with for a day.
I have work with and stood by my friend and my District 10 Supervisor Malia Cohen, and will do so again and again!
hey, ok
Fantastic! Thank you for the info.
Thank Anne! You ran great tonight. Totally put the hammer down on Brian!
The new boyfriend of Katy Perry « Celebrity Blog
Sleep is my most prized pocession...
Erin go Bragh!
i can forget what you did but i cant forgive you as long as I'm still breathing :(((
do you think there's anyway for US to maintain privacy on social media? seems like one must embrace the fishbowl.
"troupes" is mildly amusing, the other two not so much
Jus wana say what up to everybody who reads this and hope your day was productive..#WHOOP!
Hi Pauline, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's brands are perceived DM?
I just saw on the commercial for that new show Duets on ABC. I recognized her by her tattoos!
What’s fresher than fresh?
#RobGronkowski is the best fantasy draft pick I've ever made.
Why do I fancy old men so much?.
so how old r u??
kinda just wanna wear my classnight dress to semi.....
RT : Hillary Clinton: “I'm relieved to be at the stage in life if I want to wear my glasses, I'm wearing my glasses.”
Lonely Bull - Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass
Found a puppy! Thank you for your help!
Torta post-mortem: holy shit, , that was fantastic. My rules about airport food have a new exception.
Couldnt believe sent me 22 messages yesterday...
Salmon with sugarcane glaze
I'm good what's up
When did Clint Hurdle become manager of Cubs?
This is why I love Columbus Jazz Radio RT "Tourist In Paradise - Rippingtons "
Watching this show about #GypsyWedding in West Virginia, I bet has jokes
Heady becoming a mainstream word? ESPN has it on the Luck headline...
starting august 11 i cant be on twitter but ill sneek on twitter on june 23rd :( im gonna miss u (:(
Rhushers i love my #RusherFamily so much but just please let me go bye oxox
Awesome! Thanks! RT : Yes, we will post a transcript of this chat soon. We'll let you all know as soon as it's up! :)
Thanks for spreading the word about EHS!
yeah I forgot that I see you every day... have fun at the game!!
all I do is win
Anyone have updated data on what a small biz ($1-3million annual revenue) pays in monthly SEM? Better yet, broken down by industry?
Where is the beef?
Cinco De Mayo 2012: Why Politicians Swarm Cinco De Mayo Festivals
Sweet! Would love it if you checked out the shop!
Planning on it for tonight's dinner! So excited to have found such an easy and great looking recipe!
MT:Tremendous feat by Josh Hamilton. Easy to root for. Flawed man trying,and succeeding, in beating demons- Well said Mr. King!
So ladies, if you are living with a dude & you keep seeing ads for singles hotlines on your FB page, check the browser history. ;-)
Just wandered over to the Verizon store and ordered an iPhone. In two weeks I'll be in the 21st century.
Emerald is a boutique legal staffing agency specializing in quality candidates.
Hey Diana! So glad you are back, I've wondered since 2003 what happened to you. You and the rest have been missed!! Welcome back!
RT : Dean Pelton, best flapper ever #community ~ I'll take it.
What I don't love about megabus: the awkward smells and the mother/daughter duo in front of me screaming, I mean talking, about sex.
It is a two-for Tuesday kind of day. Meaning $2 domestic drafts and $2 wells after 7pm this evening. Come join us today and this evening.
#ifplab web developing. thank you
Ruben Studdard~ People dont have to like or support you so you always have to say thank you.
No you cant eat wasabi.
I'll second that. Congrats on the labels!
Delicious tacos [first time] followed by and Mad Men = a perfect Sunday evening with
#idRatherHave The Double Strike Tube Socks Than The Jordan Socks
brought tears to my eyes last night, great way to start the night
I stole it!
congrats on killing it with another outstanding #sobewff !
How about a replay fox? Terrible spot. Cmon refs. Give us a break.
It's always nice to have Taco Bell now and then to help remind myself why it's never a good idea to have Taco Bell.
Helena Beat is sampled from Ratatat right??? I think I just noticed that today.
B2B progress is slower v. B2C because execution is more complex -- more likely to use sales force or channel partners
oh #phil I guess we need more winter but I will always prefer spring!
Y he needs to
"Eh-oh! You three don't look like teletubbies. Where is Tinky Winky and why aren't any of you dancing?"
“: I could use a coffee break.” yes please
OMG i won the contest for to go to the movie premiere of bully omq
Peter Sellars directs? MT : Macbeth meets Mao. RT : This is Macbeth, yes? RT : Wow! China ejects Bo.
my ma never fails to remind me I'm beautiful & worth it & accentuates the positive in everything My Hero right up there with u!
Nothing says I really mean it like writing "hb" on someones birthday timeline
like St. Pats as well - is it a sin for Boston guy to like the Maroons
I don't know many ways to make begging attractive, but given the chance I'd try! STL show--would love to finally meet u!?
Lovin' me some troubleshooting! Thanks again (see my email response).
Enough of that Tebow ot td pass already
Wish I could draw.
RT : “: Lay down, stick out your tounge and let me fuck it until I gush all over your face.” <U+E106><U+E331><U+E331><U+E331><<o my <3
I didn't even know you had one! And you'll be the second Texan I know with a Texas tattoo. I only know two Texans.
I do what I can!
“: People with no kids always talkin bout what parents should do lol”me
been following you cuz u r awesome and I'm a supervisor for National Geographic..I supply books to schools
Karen.Karen.Karen.
try holding you finger over the "n" key and the "ñ" key will pop up as an option!
You do ink?
Back to the homemade banners... :) it will do for now until I get a paycheck that's worth anything again haha
Sun 12/11 Mark Towns Flamenco Fusion Trio at Flora & Muse 3-6pm
EVERY WEEKENDS IS 4/20 WITH MY SQUAD <3
Ours too! cc/
Different tastes I guess. He's one of my favorite pitchers to watch pitch in all of baseball. Was when he was in Toronto too.
the school would be set up for authentic self study
Going to the Magedom of Janam
Franzen admits he was disappointed in his playoffs
Good ppl of Maryland: PLEASE do NOT listen to Bishop Harry Jackson. It is UNCHRISTIAN to oppose equality for all.
LMBO!!!!!!!!!! (i know why) RT : My daughter just walked by me watching Celts-Sixers and asked, "why do u have it on mute?"
I can't even begin to like this clown Smmfh where dis they find him #106&park
Can we get a holla back from Boston area peeps?? Maybe coming April 22!
prolly always been this thin.Thing is before,I had baggier pants n a baggy shirt on. Could all be an optical illusion.Lol.
Omg I never be on twitter
no but can be a little baby at times #gorandygorandygo!
The same thing I say every year: Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers and all the motherfuckers.
Happy Birthday to ! You are an inspiration and my hero!
We like to edit - but we like to shoot more.
what's your favorite song?
Carl Sagan: Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
As Audrey Hepburn said, "Paris is always a good idea!" ;)
Due to the fact that going to the library involves putting socks on, I have decided to stay home today.
good morning :) how r u?
no tv at work madam
I know a great group of people that can help with the coding part. Wink, wink.
It is an incredible movie. A definite must see.
Hi Lauren!!! & are both the new judges on #XFactor. Any shock or surprise about as a judge?
The crazy bitch part is merely the admission price to the amazing amusement park that is me.
To Sxsw or not, that is the question. not sure if i wanna deal with the hurds
Out of office notifications set, activate vacation!
Never underestimate the power of good frie de a d chocolate martinis.
hey now
#SomewhereInTheHood people choose to use hashtags on facebook because they are too 'hood' to get a Twitter.
People will forget what you said; People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
St. Louis. Next time the #Brewers play the Cards. Head down to game + Brewery. Fun place. Solid
Is 'Selena' the longest movie in history? It's 3 AM and the damn thing still isn't over. Feel like I'm watching Abel Gance's 'Napoleon.'
stuck in the suberbs he was the famous singer guy
omg, i still remember the very first episode!
Calling all foodies! Come & sample some of #SanDiego’s finest culinary delights & favorite beverages at Island Divine...
Reading Hummingbrd's Dghtr- great! Uncanny similarities in trek north to my family! Naya/Sina/Sonora/AZ More later-
Did you know? On average, women smile nearly 8 times more than men every day!
*Silent treatment* RT ChuckiesLife Everyone Tell ---- , i LOVE Her :)
iiight Ms.eat them alive....prove it too me
oh yes! It's tasting great too! Moved it to the beer engine today.
Love the new Maroon 5 song... No corners were cut lyrically, there's a narrative and a strong melody.
If Karen ends up being Marilyn, then I am done watching the show. Karen is ALL WRONG for the part.
fine! I never passed 3rd grade.
Taxes are looking expensive. Has anyone ever tried Turbo Tax small business?
I've never heard of lauren alaina [: ..do u like the Rascal flatts? or carrie underwood? <U+2665>
On the 6th day of Christmas my fave piercing shop gave to me... a free t-shirt with the purchase of a Gift Certificate $30 or greater.
Don't love the Mavs very much, but man their Championship rings look bad ass...
It's not so bad being hunted by Ring Waifs.
thought that looked funny - slashes r leaning other way
hey bro i jus got my song In This Party published and i want u to add it to yo playlist. Wats yo email again
spring time chi, chilled on the back porch
why do you always spell check me
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us. -John Dryden
So now Merkel says Greek stimulus is an option.....ain't touching that one
Exciting things are happening at burger king, hey
Wow its like me and my sisters don't exist to my sc family.
Under House Budget Plan Nursing Homes would lose 31% of their funding.
Waking up and hours later , find yourself still laying in bed >>>
#OTG is Over Time Grind. For all those workin Over Time To reach your goals ---->
as your attorney I have to advise against that. I have a nice TTR90 for you that will do just fine.
He was the second man to step on the moon and you were the second man to step in the room.
I've got to find a pic of this shave head of Andy's. I'm scared.
Just found out that about a year or two ago, I had one of the guy's from the band Fun. at a party at my house...
What are some other visual supports you use? We love visualization for
oh wow, are those cocoa nibs? Looks yummy!
Is there a typed transcript of this letter?
Too much money ain't enough money
Making a TACO casserole
It would be my distinct honor. But you still gotta tell me how that stuff with the UPS dude turned out.
Some good college basketball on tonight!
Idea #2 for your Smackoff call: Just play back your "call" from
Pretty annoyed waiting all night for Diaz and Estima and Diaz don't show up
Now that was dumb
Its our last Facebook status!
ever been to Arizona?
Going dress shopping for DWTS!
Good job!
what's good playa?
car is loaded up.. somehow. now I just have to wait for the ice in my fridge to melt...
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 37
Will find out tomorrow RT Were they able to help?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 17
oh u are? Cool were in the same grade! Haha! In 5 days? Are u on vacation now??<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
RT : People will pirate corporate logos to enhance the credibility of websites.
ude u best fuck off now im tellin u n a nice way
You know there's a difference between there and their, right?
Oh goody, someone's writing my biography! RT My book... 'Things To Make & Do When You Really Should Be Doing Something Else'
time to do big things again boys
Well is serve you drugs on a silver plate if I thought it'd help you get away.
Well my heart just dropped to my stomach
Going mothers day shopping on mothers day
wonderful blog...the innocence of a child is something I wish we could capture and put in a jar
We are an absolute disaster right now. Hard to watch...
Im in #GrindMode not #ChillMode Dont get it confused.
Absolutely! I can't wait!
But that's what I love about your cards! I can decide the reason to use them rather than the cover dictate my use.
ok, I had my caffine the joke got to my head! LOL Lost in Translation, story of my life
I cant take no more I wanna be loving you been love with you
fair enough. Howlround?
I'm mad
I want a pipe:'(
Soul TD pass to Jones. Point after is no good, 69-53 Soul
It's 17C/63F in EP and my grandma wanted me to wear a jacket! Only here.
Joanie Spina reviews my Show in Magic magazine this month! copies may be purchased at www.magicmagazine.com .... Awesome!
Sorry to miss IPSC 8/29 in SF! Sad I am not there anymore! :(
thanks. Looking forward to it.
k tal! rolling into DF tmrrw eve, would be great to see you this weekend if yr around! tried to ring, will again! abrazos!
There are situations where bleaching is okay like acne situations, but when you try to get a big region of your body bleached
not for a month. Need to train for it
Does anybody else like carrot cake?
Oh, my friend is going to get me the 1D paper doll templates. Yay!
It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations
congrats to kelly +& will !
haha, Thank you! (: x
wish I could but already have plans. Thanks for thinking of me though!
Bingo boards are fun! I provided a SOTU word bank, & students chose 24 words for their boards (plus a "freedom space").
i'm so beyond tired lol
The #Bulls r a #1 seed...... losing to the 8th seed. Just don't get it there a better team the them. Even w/ out Rose n Noah.
Got stoped by a stupid train....lol and its going to slow
Will do! Excited to dive in.
Maybe I'm thinking of someone else. By "Come to Liberal Jesus" I meant the moment where one realizes Cons R morally bankrupt
Just finished up Eyeborgs for my original movies marathon. Should I watch Frost Giant next or Anonymous Rex?
Don't be a coward! Be a brave soul
I know but I thought it would during the day too
Hopefully this park has a court. 2.8 miles away. Okay.
Me and screaming our heads off cause we saw one direction<3...on the tv(:
whoa free pizza??? yes!
PLAY SHAKE RATTLE AND ROLL RT : IS THAT RAIN?
I know you do.
Today is my birthday! I'm 14! Please wish me a happy birthday and follow me? Please. It would mean the world. You have know idea
I sent a ticket to #Twitter about the issue, didn't get a reply. Probably a mistake on their part. Sigh..not this week! :(
my New Balance shoe is by far the 574. I've owned dozens and I'll only wear the 574 prolly for the rest of my life.
About to head out to set up the tailgate. Hyped up for the game today, hope to see everyone out! Go bulls!
please tweet me anything will be nice :)
Sure will. I appreciate the quick response.
In business, as in bed, make sure your partner doesn't have genital warts. Actually, that one's just in bed.
Server problems. Ugh.
What is everyone doing to support FAAW in May? Trying to get my Allergy~Friendly Bake Sale up and running #foodallergies!
How fast do you think we could get to 16k likes?
It is never to late to eat!! D:< *That's probably why I'm so fat lmao*
fosho if im home tho u got run some errands with the daughter
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today, it is already tomorro in Australia.
We are already counting down the minutes till tip-off of tonights Celtics game. Stop by before, during, and after for drinks!
follow back (:
Damn I'm bored :/
Still don't understand this
Sherwen & Liggett on NBC, if Ronde anything to go by still contractually obliged to mention Armstrong every 5 mins
Thanks for the re-tweet Al:)
Jesus Christ is a carpenter by trade. He really can rebuild what you think has been destroyed!
Fashion class
Oh Okay :P :) Was Cuddles Being A Good Bear? :P I'm Doing Okay And Being Safe :) You Have To Be Safe Too :) Luv You <3
Don't settle for shit
What? Yes. You know it, ;]
I accidentally just ordered food from somewhere pretty far away. This should be interesting.
Hell yea I had me some tamales for breakfast now I'm ready to work..oh yea & well also be performing @ 420 downtown this year, who's going?
Beastie Boy rapper MCA dies of cancer, aged 47
On our wishlist for 2012: Return of the Fact Checker ....
done, cooked, want to get off the ride
nah. Legit.
LMAOOOOOOO ... No arguments here on that one ... lol, He kicks ass though!
the notorious jim story. #carlproblems "jim help!" "WHO'S JIM?!"
Concord, for booing , I will forever hate you all!
Just heard a reference to the Jenny Jones show and actually got sucked back in time a little.
hey its john ! dorkkkkkk
so sorry but the motorcade'll have to go around me this time
Thanks for the metadata (; I'll see if the talk is available to watch/listen to/look at the notes online later.
Mann its hard not to look into your eyes whenever we talk to eachother.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> they just really pretty.(:
Not commentary, just a fact.
not much, just on twitter lol :)
Are you hoteling tonight?
I was just going to rest my eyes for a few minutes, end up taking a 2 hour nap
well that was, in fact, the wrong number. I got the right one, but he's going to the chow wagon.
we are back OPEN AT NOON TIL TWO!!!!
As parents, we bring the same level of attention and care to our tutoring business as we do to the education of our own children....
Have a great morning, Brit!!
Cute Boy I like.... Y U NO MAKE IT CLEAR IF YOU LIKE ME. ?
Rather do it than dream it.... :-)
I'm actually planning when I got my vacation away from my parents on a summer break to try railfanning that long
If I'm still sick when prom rolls around I'm gonna be pissed!
Let me know if anything happens!
Prepping for the Tipoff to Sweet 16 special at the studios. Translation: interns working, I'm eating chicken casserole in break room.
Tarot lady "I see a lot of confusion. Especially from the heart" lady, you picked the only time in my life I'm NOT confused.
Watching a drunk guy try to spell Lionel Ritchie. We've gone from lynel Ritchie to leynlritchie. Things are not looking good
perkins is out... right hip strain.... looks like mavs will now have to only deal with the other OKC threats... dispatch them mavs
it was indeed. Epic!
wants you to follow her more than anyone!
<U+27A0><U+27A0><U+27A0> Busy day in the center today
Your ATTITUDE truly determines your ALTITUDE. I pray you've mastered the ground level...
Birth control advice from my dad when I was 16: put 2 aspirin between your knees, then KEEP THEM THERE
better with the lights off
Expelled on my birthday
dude your name didn't come up! Blame !! Wish you were here
haha besides the drinking I'm down. Don't touch that shit. Hit me up sometime
NP!! Let me know how it goes. #olderandwiser OUT
Um, those are NOT races.
LOL, I believe it. you can't really understand the power of a .500 until you shoot one.
Dieing of laughter(x
guys are stupid about most things!!
Exciting & v. relevant MT James Dyson says his foundation will support a maker culture & the dev of engineers in Chicago.
that's awesome dude
Have your peeps call my peeps and we can meet at Nick's! No but seriously let us know when you can grab lunch!
we all know what's happening! My concern is that it will become a growing trend!
Monte Ball has historically great/better stats that Trent Richardson in every RB category against statistically equal defenses.
from basketball just to get back to 100%. Thing that sucks though is that coach doesn't get that we get hurt and need time to rest..UGH
It's a British history movie kind of day
Absolutely--please send it to and we'll pass it along to the appropriate people here at TASC. Thanks.
#Bruins 2-23 on the powerplay, only 15 goals in seven games. Not enough from their skill players. Not enough urgency shown in total.
Hi there! I work in the UCLA Digital Library Program and we're looking forward to your arrival over here, too! Congrats!
it's all good. Happens a lot.
HAPPY HOUR LATE BIRTHDAY TO MY BIDDY, I LOVE YOU!!!!!
Can't believe it's an NFL game day... Lookin forward to seeing the #Ravens fly around tonight!
how he have his iPhone longer than me and I'm teachin him?
I get nervous bout ppl lookin at my pics
of all musicians, I feel like you wake up the earliest.
Thanks for the follows everyone! and .
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend.
Amish country!
What a fun night.
Check out our chemical hygiene course. Recognize the purpose and components of the chemical hygiene plan.
I'm ready to fall asleep now ...any minute !
how did it go? The trick to the DMV in LA is to make an appointment. I've rarely had to wait even with my crazy past.
And another work week begins, I forgot the part of working FT where the weekend never lasts as long ;)
Raise your hand if you prefix things with "!" to move them to the top of the list (email folders, gmail tags, ...).
I Tried To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Dont Care , Well Thats OhKayy
talking to on the phone:) i love her
Which doesn't want the Crusades2.0? as ? at ? as President?
All oomf talk about is sex... Lbs
Bloomington PD get their man... an arrest tonight for the targeting of cars along Normandale Blvd. We're going to tell you more on Fox
45 min left of HAPPY HOUR!!
If a bag of skittles looks like a pistol, then my drum sticks must look like rocket launchers.
OMG YES.
Some mornings you wake up and you just know what you need to do.
YES should embrace the Creatures. I dont get it either
Early next year for sure bre!RT : oh nice!! :D when can we exspect a new album ?:p
I am trying to control you. I desperately need power.
New hoodies coming soon!
STOP SPAMMING ME. For real. I've gotten at least 10 mentions in the past 5 mins. Quit it.
Have you discovered a #SanDiego Rooftop bar or club that you like?
lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?
2 classes down. I can feel it! summer can't come soon enough!
Are you going to sign with the Eagles again bro?
Gym tonight .. Umm yes sir
Category 5-c winners are both Big Ten Network
well that's great!! :)
Thanks to the Lafayette Brawlin' Dolls who donated $581 from their Sep. 10th roller derby match to the Indiana AIDS Fund. You ladies rock!
Ma favorite rapper shit on repeat
Jinx! You owe each other a Coke.
If everybody was dedicated to Unfollow Friday, I'd drop down to 12 followers — which is still enough to start my own religion
Just walked into a site in #Corpus Christi and EVERY child in the waiting room was reading a book! Happy Friday! :)
LOL>>RT : mitt romney is looking forward to the day he can travel on aircraft 1.
if you are posting truth is things all over facebook, there is a 110% chance I will delete you
I totally condone Jimmy Kimmel governing the country from the El Capitan....Hollywood is a more accurate depiction of Washington
11:11 is this the day you follow me ? :)
Isn't there a comic for librarians? I remember seeing it relatively recently
auditor tried to go after about half my deductions my accountant explained even if she succeeded it wouldn't change outcome amt
sorry but idk wht to say. Ive never been in ur situation
Thank YOU for all the support!
I had to ask a grown woman not to change her baby on the restaurant table. #areyouserious?
The focus of the rally has shifted to funding after school programs.
It's so HOT outside!!!
I really like "Hurry up, we're dreaming" as an album title. What are yours?
More threads coming your way. Keep representing #TuesdayTees!
I let go of judging myself or others today.
When you ask for a burrito that's a little bit spicy from a food truck, what you get is one bite that's deadly hot & the rest not at all.
this my label page nephew.
Undecided, I have a few options. I hope to know something next wk
racked up shawty <U+E12F><U+E12F>$$
Someday My Vince Will Come
soo heres my plan for my birthday.. getting the industial piercing, my second hole, and my cartilage done. !
I love to run around in the rain lol one more day till I go to NYC biatches
Tomorrow is my birthday! :) could I please get a shout out? xx
It's only a half-win. Bachmann would be worse.
A very special show is coming on June 7th! Save the date: you will not want to miss this one!!
Hope you had an awesome vacation and had a chance to relax. Welcome home!
im fucking crying out of shock right now.... the fucking dyke bitch looking thing is coming back for warped tour. are you kidding me.
great place to sell wedding dress uk
Came to janelles :)) with Justice Dez & everyone :)
Cesare Pavese Art Quote of the DayYou don't take a photograph, you make it
Exclusive | 163 East 63rd Street: A Lot of History for Just One House The 40-foot-wide house at 163 East 63rd Street, now on the market f
I love Laurie Ann, but as a Creative Director 1 must create a different creative direction for each indy artist. Gaga, Nicki & Katy = same.
Thx 4 following! Not that long ago, I was in school in NYC & ppl turned their noses up @ beer. Glad times are changing!
It feels much earlier than it really is. A new harp-inspired song I've been writing has been stuck in my head for days..
Uconn may be tough today If Calhoun is back on the bench. Good luck.
visiting my math teacher practically every night.
Cause... U kno lol RT : How did I know that was coming but of course it's in the making! Lol
#Np "slow ya roll"
Hey ! I didn't know you were a birder. Have u had any orioles visit your place? I had 3 this wkend. ht.ly/6p3Ho
They're not going to have too many viewers for long.
Yes, it surely is. Love my #wiunion, wish I could be there...
I hope my parents don't ask to help me unpack... I have some unmentionables they won't want to see.
Hey Maurice!!
RT:“ _ Girl I dont wanna share you we could be together but you're scared to”
#ineedtostop trusting others, because so far, no one has been reliable, thus killing the little faith i DID have in people...
How about Uggi for Best Dog?
thanks! I'll pass your appreciation on to
They cackle...and suck.
My boss and his lady bought me light blue. Smells like Italia. Grazie.
Going on a run...I hope I can out-run the storms!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! We're so lucky to have your support!
Ready to go home now!
"Stand out, or don't bother."
Thanks Kathy. Will do. Xo
Hopefully I pass this permit exam I'm bout to go study this bitch im out.
any good stats on what a + 1B vs a subpar 1B can do for an overall D?
Leaving for VEGAS tomorrow morning!! Be back Thursday night : )
gotcha RT : Okay, text me your address, and I have to pick up Katrina Butler too. We might go out to eat afterwards..
bow-chikka-wow-wow....
: DoJ rightly says Wire Act doesn't apply to online #poker! The Senate should pass a licensing bill.
Clipper's are the 'Easy' button, I think...(and they play at Staples)...coincidence? I think not..
student quote: "when you don't care about something, that's when you fail" #Learn2Fail at
Help set it up with the appropriate authorities in your school and we'll be there.
Clint Hurdle's face hurts me
Love your pic! Thanks girl! We'll catch up soon! I love you! You are like my best friend! You're prettier, hate you, f off, ish, this week
S/O to all the Single Mothers out there! #YouDontNeedAMan Continue to handle Y'all business
gonna be a steamy one! Safe travels and maybe we'll see you down there...
Othwise, it's a lie and there's no basis for useful conversation (whatev that means in context of dying world).
Congrats guys on the renewal.
#NeverShouldYouEver keep textin or calling me after the last 3 times you tried its not gon work.
Your secret wish isn't so secret anymore.
Hey follow me(;
I am determined to tweet until someone out there in the twitterverse realizes what an amaxing mega talent I am :)
If I touched him, do you think my duck hook would be healed?
; i miss you too. //: we need'ta all hangout again. btw, i'm sorry about your grandma. ):
cool well i hope you become a fan of Newsick!
and now I love him.
follow back?
you are scary fast. Great mag, my only print subscription.
Oh hell... open yo eyes!
Apparently its one of these "new age" progressive relationships where we don't have sex and I just buy everything all the time.
#DesireThursdays if you were granted one sweet wish today- what would it be?
Still raining. Not looking good. Keep singing!!!
I will be one you can trust....
- fave romantic restaurant in the Duke City? La Cafe Miche. And nothing wrong with Antiquity, Casa Vieja, Lucia.
u rap or produce???
I'm prepared to spit fire like the devil himself was hanging from my tonsils! ~ Daynomi
f that. for NYT CEO.
hate being last downstairs
is there enough alcohol to get it done..
“: make your presence known. I wouldn't f with you.” I do just that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My prayers have been answered! A place that sells smoothies!!
Your Art is the greatist Offering to life. HeART!!
Roadways kind of slick out there because of the rain. Be careful!
Thanksceveryone who came out to support Joffrey's choreographers and everyone in need in Japan. It was an unforgetable night!
Where have you been, All my life, all my life
Love this post!
Cuz you've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes.
On The Bright Side, Maybe Chinese For Dinner Tonight :)
So Beyoncé opted for the name Blue Ivy? Why not Purple Ficus or Crimson Juniper?
Come see us today I have you a special gift from
The story of my life!
Yes! The media site links will have the recorded sessions after the
Get your requests on the Powerdrive w/Helen Powers and you've got a shot at Belmont BBQ! 978 1023 or
Happy Father's Day! We are cooking out steaks for about 10 of us. What are your plans?
Morning peeps, happy first day of May ; two more days until 's birthday ! :)
Wondering what new movie is out that I can see while I'm on leave.
#TrayvonMartin, Sgt. Robert Bales, anti-Semitism, etc. all current and top news. Why isn't Rick Santorum vomiting because of ALL OF THAT?
RT : T-Minus 45 hours! C-Span has just confirmed they will be covering the #NEM LIVE between 2-5 EST on Sunday! See you in DC!
Playing my player on NBA 2k11
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. ~ Dean Acheso
Looking for Speakers for a Panel for our next event, on the "Cloud", office 365, Icloud, Google docs etc.
Hey You're awesome. I love you. kbye.
don't spend all your money on all the crazy stuff you can buy lol
Anything not in live is demonic
The first step toward success will be the biggest one.
Turn up the music, cause this song just came on.
big gun
RT Just wanna let my sis know I love and miss her dearly. That is all. *hug*
i cool bro. you coming to the studio this saturday?
Yep the mixtape is now available... www.therealchrisfaith.com
I am a pushy Associate Producer. But I gotta get things done.
missed you at the #DDManassas event today! Heard you went to Richmond last minute. Hope you have a happy Easter!
RT : Special Mothers Day prayers for those who have lost their children. May u feel their love from the heavens...
Been in SA and aint had a latino yet....
uo gets 2 first downs, then is forced to punt. buckeyes back at it
Well done is better than well said - Benjamin Franklin
stop by soon!
hey :o) how ya been?
When a girl tells you about her problems, it does not mean that she’s complaining, it means she trusts you.
Is Rick Perry a ploy by the Romney campaign to make Mitt look more reasonable? If so-totally working.
TONY DINERO B I T C H !
Roadkill just told me that you can rent a puppy in NYC.
idk y u let the niggas u go wit dog u out wen u kno i woud never do anything to hurt
Yo why am I still up?!?!
ok we here!
somethings gotta give for me
We're so glad the snow didn't hold anyone back!
at least it's Friday!
sweet! write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :)
I'm leaning towards + gunicorn these days for simplicity and caching which works
My shoes sparkle
Taxes are not mandatory. You have to spend or earn to pay. Obamacare you just have to be a citizen.
yeah i know that song!! I love it! And im glad that you wont forget me! Love you! <3
Cmon facebook try to not be exactly like twitter
Haha i about tore his throat out
My sister and mom party hard apparently
my little molly is growing upp:(
ur new EP #GLOW is glowing like the full moon (:
I'm a strong black women who don't need no man.
Baby Bash is full... No more entries::((( Sorry
What is the best guitar solo from the last 35 years?
is headed to ! Congrats man.
Work of these 3 gps will be intertwined. Workforce Development Gp for example needs to keep research and practice on track as they proceed.
Heading to perfect north around 6pm for the boys last ski lesson. Anybody else going to be there tonight? ?
RT : Argument for internet poker....I don't know any pro poker player that developed the Alzheimer disease...Anyone?<---just you!!
lolol, this summer is gonna be ridiculous.
RT "There's never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose."
Just donated a copy of Metal & Hardcore graphics to the library. Look for it soon!
Irish Stew Recipe Beef cubes are slow cooked with vegetables in a Guinness and beef broth sauce in this savory Irish stew recipe . It's a
Chuck Brown - back it on up sho ya right
i gotta new phone.
To know is better. With greater knowledge comes more responsibility and capacity for both happiness AND empathy or pain though.
Last session of the day: Integrating withe the Guest O/S Using the vSphere SDK
ha get it Caden;) you know how some fans cant make it to some concerts
^ag you've got a fine laugh yourself. Keep on laughing!
Me and my friend were arguing about an problem similar to this! Now I realize that I had been correct. lol!
I think that is the smartest broadcaster in the NBA..always knows what he's talking about
oh how was yo day
I'm hungry...(sigh) I should have ate lunch when I had the chance to. =(
Thannnnkkksss Friend ! C: <U+2665>
yeah for sure! never did see the vid. (also loved the color of your shirt today. haha :)
Hey just got back from school and I fill like playing basketball cause its not as hot as it was yesterday
Knock knock
: I hope that's more pleasant than it sounds!
Haha, sweet. Now we just need to find the cosplayer with ocarina skillz...
ok and thanks we will try to
: Loved those!
#TextsThatGetYouScared I think we should talk.
you can't. It's only an app
Removing them from room eradicates the poison...a "we got into playoffs w/out you, we can win or lose without you too" attitude
Sorry, but KC only drafts from LSU.
My kids LOVE camping inside!
Plz someone make it RAIN!!!!!!!! For like 2 weeks.
I'm at WrestlefuckingMania
nothing better<<<<<
Watching this game....
To those developers that use the accelerometer (shaking) as the only means of navigation in an app: Please stop. It's really not cool.
When Tyson and Tanner switch phones<<<<<
Looks like it's National Running Day. I think I'll do a quick trail run to celebrate the occasion.
But really, who hasn't had that happen to them once or twice?
Headed to the thing
it used to be right next to the road- the salt took its toll...
What I can no longer find use for I give away to someone who can.
RT You've heard of a party bus, but what about a party RV?! Designated driver included! Call at 615-881-4457!
tml i need to talk to you sis
No You didn't LIAR -__-
Want a FOLLOWBACK ? Then go follow and RT when done
This sore throat is kicking my assent.
If, for example, someone lives in San Diego and has an event, searching for the perfect San Diego DJ will be critical for your event.
As I get older, I observe the effects of gravity even more. I should celebrate this today. (But only today!)
She has me out here at this mall, Lawd why!!?!
Iife is good on my end how about yours
that's what I'm sayin
Figuring out what to do this #longweekend? There's a #deal on Tickets for Blood, Sweat & the Disco @ The Loft on www.Shastic.com
I would never stress my self for anyone other than my self
It's almost time for #21CRadio tweet chat! We'll start with intros, then start questions. DM me to submit a question!
Frasier is still on the air?
Man, we have to start using this thing more. What's up you night owls?
Happy Cinco De Mayo
The latest in Bloomington: Planning for the Haiti Film Fest, Jan.23 2011 at the Buskirk-Chumley Theater. Mark your calendars!!
thanks for the RT! Hope you liked it.
You need to understand that systems are all around you. They have the power to breathe life into your buisness. Or cripple it.
Young the Giant's "cough syrup" speaks to my soul!!! Try not to get carried away.
Rolled my ankle last night ...swollen...hurts
Lunch time with
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
Even if Michael Jackson left his dad out of his will, the question is why a father would want to be in his sons will.
Please don't take my bemusement as disapproval. I'm glad the convo is happening, and wish it would happen more, actually.
shoulda huh... ma throat effed up...
where's my tennis lesson?
i said that the stage was small and he said he liked bigger stages so he could dance more. I said his dancing was fine and
2011.06.22 | At game at Friday's / Hopes were high with Shaun Marcum / but better than work.
theres something wrong with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Good Luck today
make that 5pm
what! Where is this place
Suppose I'll tidy up the kitchen before sleep returns with vengeance!
RT : We are so honored to have received the 2011 NM Historic Preservation Division Award for Architectural Heritage today!
Watching video of my friend in house hunters on line and chatting commentary with her on fb! So much fun!
Many thanks to the LTFL customers and members who stopped by our booth at #alamw12! It was lovely to meet y'all!
cool - i wont be at oscon - and am happy to help plan. do you know where you are staying yet?
Nigga I grew up fast then blew up fast. Money falling out my pockets I got 2 much cash. Cant fit nothing in her pockets She got to much ass
ha seriouslyy, no charlie tonight :( weren't you tellin ppl you ordered pad thai and shit? haha
easy there....
Never gin catch me slipping I always think SHIT twice
- definitely.. That's no doubt.. Sometimes we complain because we're just human... But we'll be just fine, infact we'll b great!
80 public speakers on closures (!) before that happens
omg cha!u look very very good!!love ur jacket goes very well with ur hair..& ur slimming down girl..gud but not too much k.
High 5 someone next time.
might as well go back there and make it myself
Terms of Endearment is probably not the best movie for starting off my Monday.
disnt your mom tell you to stop doing that, you are going to go blind... Starring at your phone
fucking asians fucking up my sped
Bing Bang Boom!...
Nonononono dont be sorry iTs okay (:
It's a Go Pro! So super-fun!
Late night with a few of my fav people. Can't conplain
ah, boring ass day.i think my friends mad at me. but idk why?
"Presence is more than just being there" - Malcolm S. Forbes
I'll be forward and say that I think he's a heteropatriarchal, racist wingnut. How/why do you like him?
Cheer banquet! (:
again, he's on pace for a career high OPS. By far. He can't control no one getting on base ahead of him.
I am in school :) <3
it was so delicious, I got the portobello this time...looking forward to an actual burger in the future. What's ur favorite?
From a designer's standpoint, ASU's redesign is OK. All sports will have a similar look. Would've liked to see a redesigned Sparky, though.
we should see each others faces soon
Good talking to you today! Keep in touch.
i needa to Australia
usually has instructions in what to do
Selina Should Shoutout Me ;D
We are making friends (and common cause) with Xavier fans in the parking lot
#chessmoves is for the elite!
What kind of events or promos do you guys want to see from us when we launch?
do not let Ed see that u r lost
his total lack of any ability to shoot jump shots or foul shots is a major problem. Seems like he could cure that w/ practice.
yeah please !! :DD
Roses are red Violets are blue Faces like yours Belong in a zoo But don't worry, I'll be there too Not in a cage, But laughing at you.
Jessy is Ms. Diva of the week...now thts funny!
Surprised at timing but not overall... he's not making decisions like a GM should be allowed to do - Elway rules the roost :)
R u the kind of person u'd like 2 have as a friend? Do u freely give more than u expect in return or r u always asking & never giving? Nhill
i need more in my life. marry me?!
Your senior images are about you! Come to us, we will work with you to produce some awesome shots. And you could win an iPad
#Casting today for Bob Evans commercial in #Orlando. Fun to see old friends!
I love it when authors start their stories on pg 200. The reward for all that back story-a rushed 90 pgs to the end. What a waste of time.
Update from MPD: Still searching for hit & run driver. The officer is 37 y/o with 5 years of service, & remains in critical condition.
1 hit wonder.? u havent even had time to say that..& they have WMYB, gotta be you, and one thing are all singles.
The presidency is temporary – but the family is permanent
when will the bug be fixed so the Facebook API works again? I can't post to FB from Hootsuite or schedule anything to FB
And my grandma stays far away from me so I'll call her later haha
RT Palin worried Obama "death panel" would not let her son live. Does she really think a panel would let her spawn in 1st place?
I have no idea what you're talking about any more.
I'm in paradise. ": I'm so freaking jealous even though it's hot as hell here"
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I know ancient times! stone age and shit! :)
Doctors appointment. Let's see how this goes.
Read Valentine in Two Gentlemen of Verona with last night. So much fun, I forgot to tweet. Thanks to everyone who supported!
Once I give birth, bring on the Nutella. Right now, just dreaming about it. I guess I'll have some peppermint tea, no sugar :/
Lmao the shit julissa says ... Cracks me up. She's so cute :*
Guys gay girls follow me mwa love yall
I just want a regular girl...
Not a bad person, but maybe a little slow. ;-)
Thanks to for their wonderful grant and ongoing support!
A status message has just put me off Facebook possibly permanently. Friends with babies, please send pictures to my email.
Kind of you to say! I started twitter & got swept away by Instagram. Trying to envision integration of the 2.
All we ever have is right now!
surfing in the internet :P
Can't wait to see if is going to do update. LOVED Christmas song.
you going
you know it Z, good ol uncle Wayne!!
Well Hello World(:
First priority for Gary Johnson supporters: start tweeting/Facebook'ing support. This is an uphill battle, but it is the RIGHT battle!
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;)
NV "I have been a longtime supporter of marriage equality for all Americans and am glad [Obama] has embraced this civil right."
I gave you my number at railsconf but you never called.
Heading to my blood red jeep! Windows go down Sunglasses on Turn on radio, turn it up!!! Blast Jennifer Lopez!!! ( papi )
yall wild for that fuck that beef where the music at
Whats good with yall. Yall one of my fav. rap groups of all time are yall making a new album or what
i know you
Mowing the lawn with ma tractor! LIKE A BOSS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
was a sinner
The night has a certain quiet intrigue about it tonight. I don't always notice it, but when I do it breathes inside me.
And I don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me head first.. Fearless. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
UP TO 65% OFF !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
hahahahaha she's kind of slow!! But that's why we love her!
I kno yall seen that come back! Clippers baby!!!!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Good Job .. And you looked good doing it...
Please go follow
how so?
6 days until our school board votes on whether not require parents to take some social justice training
“: Humbeled Just received the Breaking Barriers Award at Thurgood Marshall college friend award 2011” u knw some1 named humbled?
shoot the damn dog like old yeller, problem solved.
I can relate. Just found Tahitian Treat on sale.
40/69 - No more meetings today, I think I can..."Papa was a rodeo, momma was a rock and roll band..."
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Got a game in ay few but at dennys grubbin
enough to make up for the extra stinkbugs, which are already invading my house? I'm not convinced.
Thx for the RT on our Headline 101 post, Wade. Just followed you and like your work. Cynthia
Operations=Systems=Efficiency
Mia and dallas are huge markets, coincidence they were in the finals?
"dam" that sounds sweet. Are you having any "dam" problems?
From my view there are some great Harley Davidson motocycles parked in the front of the Ace Hotel in NYC
good run and , gl 2 2morrow..... tame that horsy
Josh graces us with his presence?!!
I had an armadillo when I was a kid.
uh that does not sound good!! :)
way too hot today ._.
Off for a run with Baloo. It's cold but I am not going to think about..until it's blowing at my face. But then I will already be out there!
Baxter Break the problem down to it's smallest bits & components, reassemble it to something that benefits credit union & members
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting! And here we are now! ;)
I love Family
Well I want to do a small run of the first year of Jayce's "Sex Drugs" column. 52 blogs, 5 exclusive, photos, & cover
A woman was shot to death just two blocks from my school today.
Beware the Ides of March.
“: My 10 year old cousin just yelled #turnup at the resteraunt. Ive never laughed harder” would be proud.
I'm managing that campaign. It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it.
So I made an appt with the authorized repairman presumably to replace the DEFECTIVE capacitors on my 46" SAMSUNG tv. The cost to me:$200-300
We should have a way of telling people their breath stinks without hurting their feelings like: “Well I’m bored, let’s go brush our teeth.
Lovin today's weather! Makes me wanna shop for a FaBuLoUs spring wardrobe.i think i shall revist my favorite stress reliever soon!
Yeah it was an awesome show. Try to catch the encore now if you're gonna be up
Get all of those textbooks ordered. Classes begin Monday!
Getting ready to party tomorrow night - everyone have a tasty NYE! Stay safe!
A big congratulations to on you outstanding #crowdfunding success
First rule of Waffle Club is you should talk to literally everyone about Waffle Club.
yup! we have a couple dishes with red bell peppers. love bell peppers!
bro they didnt even put the finale online :/ wtf
RT : Live happier.. Stop treating everything as a life or death matter... It makes you die far 2 many times
HOOK UP
#artsummit Why is it that it's much harder to to hurt someone when you know their story?
I want October 15th to get here fast, because that's the day i'm getting my belly button pierced!
Protesting lack of pension benefits. Not sure which clubs...and sorry that I missed you in Atlanta! R U coming back?
yes, I'm familiar with the Flat Classroom project. excited to hear about your experience with it.
Will call opens at 6 at the Warner. Have a blast! :)
Ah ah ah ahh ima buy a 2005 jeep grand Cherokee Laredo
Here we go Bruins! **grabs beer from dog**
I'm chemistry. Mr.Dehn is funny.
I need a phone number for FOIS customer service. I'm in Indiana, have FIOSTV, but have billing issue. Been transferred 4x 2day
Check out our new website, www.philsfriends.org!
“: What are people doing tonight” watching the Grammy's! You should be getting yours soon!
let me in so i can take osh's $
Going to the mall today!!:)
Funny RT : Now at Penn Law 3400 Chestnut
Have a great 1st day, Badgers
I don't need a new #Truth - All I #need is #more of You!
Just volunteered to perform during Thanksgiving dinner at the Nashville Union Rescue Mission! Yay!
No one in my apt likes that I'm blasting drake over my dead body right now
LOVE when you're on Come back more!!!
Having lunch at So Cal Burger's M
nice looking start up. Look forward to seeing what you guys accomplish in the near future.
#dhtrial plan says jurors having trouble deliberating is unusual this early. Judge instructed to keep going.
Shane Douglas: Poor man's Jeff Jarrett.
any word on when your brother is coming back?
“: Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas ~Paula Poundstone”
u gone b on my team bra lol
Crashing bigtime. Went to bed at 11 pm, A was in bed with us at 1:30 am, and W was up at 4 am. Need sleep ... little else seems to matter!
obv MN Bride should do a 10-page feature on the lovely couple.
“It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.” <U+2015> George Herman Ruth
Henry: so a family is when a boy and a girl get married and have kids? Me: yup. Henry: Thanks for that business, you guys. Good job.
Can someone please explain to me why Coentrão was preferred to Marcelo tonight?
Good job on the penalty kill
interview: Question: "What's your biggest turnoff (in a woman)?" Answer: "When they tell you their name"
he is stayin' in Cleveland
alright alright :p just gettin the apt set up ..what you up to?
haha kinda took the words right out of my mouth. Well said lol. messed but hopefully we'll get
she deserves a call :)
Guessing they don't sing very well.
Going to get lunch while I figure out how to make things worse for my characters.
the jailbreak done fucked up my phone!
Bon Appetit: 7 Ways To Save Money On Home Cooking
I got what you need.
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Off to sleep. Night ^_^
“: I can't quit you, Bacon.”
sucks for you :)
what's up
let me know but past images destroy my mind images come to mind from a song a smell or color my mind is filled with hopes that i wish would
Va-voom! RT : Ever wake up to the idea that you're playing it safe & boring as hell? Me, too. Let's get shiny & fix this shit.
I just bought my ticket for the He is We concert!! :)
thank you xoxo
Had an amazing dream last night
but, SHE doesn't care, NOU! SHE doesn't care
just finished watching the new episode of the game..Now Im about to take my carmel behind to bed. GoodNight.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio VGN-FW590 DC Jack Replacement
my dream conference's theme would be "STEP UP"--how to make impact & take charge. allow people to own their strength & take action
Ed Di has 1 good game and now thinks he steers ship. Don't expect to see him much this week.
Management= How to climb the ladder, ensuring the ladder is being climbed. Leadership= What wall to put the ladder on.
nice to know! Hope I get the same reaction
have a good feeling he'll keep the streak alive
oh they are. As they were leaving ice after 2nd too. Along with Die Torres & Smith sucks
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Cabins from $150, January Special is going to run until Feb 9th. Stay 2 nights and save up to $230!
i keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality nobody really gives a f*ck.
only a few more minutes!
You are amazing! #Blissdom mamas are behind you all the way!
:) I definitely couldn't afford to go without him. But it'll double as a 'summer vacation'
please provide facts of what jobs its destroying, not just a placating political statement.
i can't stop listening to My Chemical Romance today....it all started when i woke up with vampire money playing in my head...
Are you modelling yourself on Calhoun or Jackson? Do we need to get a Force Act ready?
A true friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out and one who knows us, but loves us anyway. <U+2665>
A smile is a curve that sets things straight!
You ladies need to come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage.
Thank you kindly, Sir Ross. :)
It used to be better. I've gotta go with Duc's.
HURRY UP AND SHOW THE VIDEO FOR BOYFRIEND <3 <3
Do you see the life I bleed? So follow me into the sun, and I will bleed the poisons dry, for you
got it
in white person law if you meet someone at 80s night and go to brunch the next day you are automatically in a relationship. No exceptions
Enjoyed last ep n am quite sure this one will be even better!
I usually try to abide by traffic laws, but there was NO WAY that I was getting passed by a pontiac aztek this morning.
To help save the Center for Black Music Research pls. send email to w/ 'CBMR' as the subject.
|#quotes You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
thanks, and belatedly to you!
So sad that I missed packing out it would have been great to get a reunion
Well now I have a date with running the hell outta myself ! 3wks to get bk to competition ready looking me!
“: Who are you? Why did you follow me?” In a battle between good and evil, you seem reliable
not with you on this on Wrench. Go Badgers
The kid on my left turns to me and says "Hey, do you know if Matt Waxman is at table 1?" I reply "I don't think so." then outs me.
Dooooooodz... I am unfollowing you for three reasons: 1. It's "clubbing", 2. Your tweets make no sense, 3. I'm in a shitty mood.
is rehearsing at Hot Yoga for Entwine tonight.
Lmao I love how I'm so care free about things right now.
is this a men only place?
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy - Helen Hayes (at 73)
Higher Ed Evangelist, is here!
Occupy protesters: Stop tagging everything in Baltimore with "Occupy". It's uglifying a city that's trying to de-uglify itself.
Almond Joy is the Ireland of candy bars.
i love you also!
you have a boyfriend wow your gross and fat you cunt
cant even imagine what and company's full reg up is going to cost today
It's definitely a shocking and amazing surprise (and definitely an honor) that is following me. (:
You wanna make a Yaz record.
smh i don't even be on twitter like that
#Love can appear in the worst of times.. Don't FOOL yourSELF into thinking it's not "the right time"..... #Love KNOWS what it's doing. ;)
~Good night Kirstie!! Love to you!!!!
Things are about to get NUTTY at #CoachellaLive!
Thanks :) We are glad you like it!
One word describes what I feel.. Love
RT : "Ask yourself: 'Can I give more?'. The answer is usually: 'Yes'." -Paul Tergat, Kenyan professional marathoner
<----What #coverart would you put on this shirt? #StreetTeam Apparel and #Mixtape Promotion done different! B Unique
Stryve Member's, join our webcast on "Understanding and Influencing Customer Behavior" featuring Frank Capek at 10:00am CT!
Jodie Foster better start responding to some of my 100+ handwritten letters or I'll shoot her pimp.
good luck
yea i hav to go i will txt u later :) bye friend*
yea I understand that
Thinking of my gramps and all the other veterans today. Thanks for your service and sacrifices.
Got cookie bouquet for mom signed "Love, Fatty" as that is moms nickname for me.Clerk said it was "offensive"She doesn't understand our love
#iamblessed to have stuck the fat prof in fato profugus.
#NFLfootball what a great way to start out the year :)
needs too make more songs now and not about girls !
if you can have a big rock and have a man as your rock vice versa >>>>
Finally get to go home to the wife!
Oh, you a pornstar huh?...where's ya porn-set....Motel 6???
I'll have another.
Met the cutest guy ever at the competition c; Shockingly, I wasnt shy at all c:
haha okay what time though cuz I'm not home at the moment
Lurked my own tweets from 2 weeks ago, amazing the things I tweet under the influence, thank god a certain someone is in fact
follow me homie am gotta huge record I want u to check out
Today's the big day! 1st music vid shoot for the new record!! gonna be a super long day, but when I wake up tomorrow my vid will be done
why thank you.
Everything is
Dnt no bitch put fear in my heart
PLAY IT ON LOOP ALL MORNING!!!!
good to have you back!
rt "I suppose #leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
How is this organized and coordinated? and what are appropriate new roles?
Goal!!! All Chicago teams win tonight!
Shout out to my lil sis at DSU eating Fruity Pebbles for dinner! ROTFLMAO sorry sweetie i love you anyway
When our friends at get to 500 followers, we'll give away a cool sports prize. Follow them today!
time to color easter eggs with the sisters. lets not "magically" turn the dog green this year.
It's snowing.... very random because it barely snowed all winter!!
my birthday suit! :D
"Hello, that was a stop sign!"..... "I totally paused."
your welcome!! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
one of my favorite reads this year. Keep up the good picks (you haven't stopped for decades)
I hate moral victories! Whose momma came up with that one?
So a "hung jury" is a bunch of black dudes right?
The woman said there were 13 puppies but they kept the one that looked more like the husky :< sadfaaace. One looked like a
Good Morning! We have been baking all am to make fresh cupcakes! Come by and pick some up!
thanks, I'm already a co-sponsor!
Happy Valentines Day To all little monsters around the world
LMBO Are you sure?
That being said, I am still going to get a pint of Schweddy Balls.
Good times <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> RT : #WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was awesome cause no one I knew had one...
it's been suggested
a keyboard works both ways cutie
Talking about India Ink...
Can you teach my BF that? RT : Teaching GF importance of FIFO and cleaning as you go with cooking
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
thank u =)
My uncle told me to walk to the biggest guy&say"ur on my fuckin barstool"&head butt them.I'm shots deep so I guess lets do the damn thing
#4famouswords Is SEXY
Where have you been?! knows what up! Cause I've been looking every where!
's CEO at #Connections2012. The "Railroad Renaissance" driven by many factors in our economy, such as growth, gas prices.
I just had to move my meeting by half-an-hour. Every thing is ruined forever! cc
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt judge a nigga by the shit tht u hear. -j.cole
Spotted: #slskey note speaker in the SIS Atrium
no sorry anna
Giving away a cookbook that is all about Cheese and seasonings on twitter
Fml! I wanna go home and sleep!
Man it's hot smh
yea I think he said he's waiting till he's known so it's worth the money to book venues through US. Hopefully people love him
come on #HP Deskjet... please reinstall my driver and work already!
Special tribute to our good friend, Heather Pick this morning..ee what a local business is doing to honor her legacy, this morning on 10TV.
so i've been listening to #christmas music since shortly after thanksgiving, think i'm tired of it yet? lol think again!!
Shut Up...LbVVVs
Computer trying to upload 39-- yes, THIRTY NINE-- windows updates. Oh, yeah, shut it down. Now I'm off to
You've got two more hours to get out to and get a delicious sample!
What is the best part of your day?
This just means trouble.. I know you guys aren't going to complain!! Haha oh shoot, Summer 2k12 #unleashed &
#BigTimeSecret Bluey Robinson is extremely talented! Shhhhhh it's a secret ;)
i lost my walit
I Dnt Want Relations Just One Nite .!!
GOAL! Jordan MacDonald with a laser from the slot on the breakaway and Oakland now leads 4-2! 13:26 left in the third
You are probably going to have to give a demo, Evie! ;)
who had carter?
Charlotte voted against
Yay theres some snow we just need 2 or 3 more inches and then there is no school
Final #ff and this one all on it's own. Just over 2 weeks until the WI Recall election. Support the next Gov. of Wisconsin -
DJ Mysterion is in the building!
Who was your favorite last year?
Feels so nice to have him, hoping it will last.
I love you <3 I sang fire work really loud on the 4th of July after the fire works <3
We're working on a bunch of new dates for this summer! Where do you want to see us play?
I went to London last year. The Nightlife is awesome in London ...and the Underground too ... no need to drink & drive
You have 127 followers Here’s more about them.
I sent you an email about filming in your conference room soon. Did you get it by chance? :)
Today is Shop Small Business Saturday. Buying a fun game like my GOLPH game would be a great way to support small business...only $5! :)
please tell me your not leaving?
Tonight 6pm LA time. Live SINGLE CHEF Spaghetti & Meatballs. Fast & furious live cooking done simply 4 U!! www.theroomlive.com Best! Matt
Looking forward to seeing you this evening!
Then this afternoon she would go fill up my car while I was at Gail's trying on dresses for her photo shoot Thursday.
I want a pet #owl (:
I learned before MPLP debuted. I learned by working side by side with another archivist at my 1st internship.
ever coming to Maine?!
Camilla got them hands
Need something to do with friends tonight? SICK BOTTLE special available :) Just RT or Message us and let's party tonight!
my rocks are sexy. Tell jo mom I said hi ;)
Humbled! Thanks 4 the follow
rt RAWartistsLA: Our April showcase, Menagerie, is happening tomorrow! Be there and watch local band Corwin Tirado and Stee
I'm rain, hail, sleet, snow man slang ...... Get it man
Way to live dangerously :-)
bam...right here!!!! Oh wait couple means 2....scratch that.
Have you seen the terrible Anonymous yet? Friend and I went to a free screening & it is a terrible movie on top of it all.
I'll stay up with you lover;)
oh! What are you going to do with it?!?
happiest birthday, beautiful lady!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
JUSTIN BIEBER FOR PRESIDENT?
Sure thing.
OK, well perhaps I'll be up to Montreal before you guys depart.
So who's ready to party tomorrow?!?!
the hell
RT : Sometimes you have to stop waiting & just decide. You can't wait around forever for others to make that decision for you.
It's dark outside
It's been a long wait, but the first official Amor Fati Trailer will be out on Friday August 26th!!!
This will be a big ? MT : I'm curious if #JuniorSeau's suicide had anything to do with the brain injury rates for athletes.
RT : Tyler Perry just gave an awesome speech
Yes indeed.
two moe classes in this shit hole
What's life when you aint living and what's living if it aint life
"step by step, one by one, higher and higher" ps don't forget "Forest for the trees" from the same album. Great msg.
is physically preparing for Farsi class = Quesadilla - and mentally = trying to remember some vocabulary...akheee
There go your garbage Knicks. I would like to have my $8 tomorrow
I could quite possibly be 100% down.... RT : road trip this weekend?!?!
Give blood today..the best gift "from the heart" that can save a life.
Oh my, that's really good editing ! haha I'm trying to get my hair that color :) & awh thanks!! :D
You're welcome. Great use of Storify!
Congrats to on ur 20th anniv of preparing #women for work! The May 10th luncheon shld be great!
I can't be around you if you're not in on the cosmic joke. (cc: )
Anyone besides myself hate Sundays? O.o Anyone? :P
8 year old kid calling out ice cream truck driver on ridiculous price!
Every bitch ain't bad. Every dude ain't swagged.
Can't wait for summer b-ball I feel the future is bright, altho there is still a lot of work2b done. Over 30 games this summer.
The winning ticket was bought in Baltimore county. Hm... have I told you all how much I love you lately??
Im sad cause i cant watch ustream cause im at school
yeaa I thought you only played qb tho now you classified as an athlete #whhatt?
Search #crackingthecode on twitter to join ‘s discussion!
Did you find an umbrella? Go LBG, !
Taylor Mak es Us Fearless <3 Always has and always will :D <3
thanks for the shout out :)
Wow. Really? Wtf..
clueless?? Why the stripes, and is there a certain color theme?
I still believe!
So if enough of us say we hate Greg Miller, will you fire him?
how about Murray's coach? How about Boeheim? Same record with less talent.
lol! I can totally relate.
Im so Starvy lol one more hour until class is over and i can get something to eat
And The day came when the risk it took to remain tightly closed in a bud was more painful then the risk it took to bloom...
Mexican food is healthy! Try the fit-hit bowl, 10 grams of fiber, yum!
so in addition to reading articles and developing instruct. scenario, I have to acquaint myself w/sound of music? Ha! Nvr seen it
This Valpo vs. Detroit game is pretty intense. Very entertaining, Detroit has some ballers too
Thanks for making it out to see the Bros!! RT : The Flying Karamazov Brothers at was juggle-rific!
I should get some sleep
My summer love is never coming! :'(
So tired but I can't shut off my thoughts....my mind is racing all over the place
This is not OK - we need to change this Indiana RT : #Denver, here I come! #Indiana is not a place to advance
Powers out ...
Getting compared to pros on my Solo tonight >>>>
Sometimes RT : You know that I'll always be there, maybe that's why you don't care
God fucking damn, can someone get this bitch a shot or a refill?!
"A verbal storm of fury meaning nothing. I think I read that in a history book somewhere." --Bobby Knight, not a Shakespeare scholar.
Don't forget tomorrow is the last of the season Carmel Farmers Market. Looks to be sunny :)
need some fashion inspiration? go check out Chictopia cuz they have TONS of ideas!! =D
Fuck you and your feelings hoe!
lol not really...I have more than enough right now I just want it a lil lower
My roommate has been back in the room for 12 minutes... Tweets: 4 Sentences spoken: prolly less than 4
Just watching 1978superman, its amazing how Margot Kidder from 1978 superman movie looks so much like courteney Cox today, WOW!
Ok, I admit it, even the danskos aren't cutting it, my feet are killing me! Looking forward to a few days break!
Agree RT : I'm not at IU fan, but something just feels right about #Indiana being back in the Sweet 16.
Moonwalking zebra. #AGT is simply the best show on broadcast tv.
c'monnnnnn tay! it will be fun!
i'll let u know how it goes..LOL...was good...went to book fair and picked up some interesting books, actually relaxed a while..u?
Did 3 sets of 2:00 jerks (doubles) and 1:00 each hand snatches on the 24kg #kettlebells today. Tough but felt great!
Happy Halloween from Reno's Best CPA. Have a fun and safe day!
Hmm... the #Browns play the Steelers at home Thxgiving weekend... need to talk to my brother!!
#SO to my roommate for singing LOUDLY in the shower
I get jealous really easily.
Very happy to be partnered again w for the 4/23 reading. Come listen to & read & Bash Doran
i think i want to explore boxing or some sort of hand to hand combat. RT: I want to hit people on a weekly basis also! miss it!
#linernotes is real saucey tonight!!! Good times!!
thank you(:
Ooh! Are they boxes of blue? MT So maybe I have 2 pages of my Yves Klein inspired comic done...
Dentist on a friday = the worst!
#TurnToYou is such a cute song <3 love you Justin :* is proud ! (:
nice. I took lessons years ago. I never regretted it.
Need a Business Attorney in Los Angeles? Contact Attorney Amy Cohen today: (661) 414-7110
thanks :-) I don't see any pics of you guys, just cute kids lol and zebra ass lol unless you're zebras... lmao ;)
#Wordsineverwanttohear "I hate you"
in the fall, a way smaller one
Currently uploading 897 photos from our Birthright/Israel trip.. Get ready people
expand your mind
The search for a new Provost is an important one. Thankfully, our search led us to Dr. Homan.He’s nationally respected.
we can dance on the riverboat!stroll down River St.,play footsies with my halter print dress w/ garter underneath,& make amore' or friende'
Feel That Happy Feeling....
SAPSounds Vid done. Waiting for client feedback. Release tonight. STOKED.
lol i'm jk. love ya sexy ;)
Will be tonight,come check us out! ,,,,, and more!
that's the best thing to hear.
Yes, as others have said -- straight to Fox News.
I Hope Duke Lose Tonight.
Let's go!
Should've played Lacrosse this year, looks fun
please do my a huge favor & wish my bestfriend happy birthday ?? Xx
AoM, best site ever! Keep up the great work!
Those little infield hits are always a killer. You can't play defense against those!
The Eisenbergs Handbook of Skits and Stunts
At risk of cliche: Holy Mother of God, Colorado is unnervingly flat.
Your welcome :)
Father daughter dance..
Negative. Bandwidth is too low and it'd be impossible. Thx anyways.
Understood. Was thinking more about FSG's stated structure. I have to stop thinking like an NFL fan.
i'm on my way.
Haha!! Got ya. That'd get too messy over our TL. And you're very welcome!
BUT HOLY WOW! Congrats on the new gig! Starting off 2012 in style! Cheers!
"Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom."
Did your "A Dodo at Oxford" come yet? I had great fun with that one!
Wonderful colors and energy, nice!
Yeah it does kind of feel like summa
you're in brooklyn??!
Speakin of how the fuck did he let that BET show steal his name??
Not just u. tech moment @ #Cwcon online--clearing caches and re-setting crons
I used to be a nun, but I got expelled because of my dirty habits.
I bet you sound great! RT : Thank god for the backup vocals amaziingg app I almost forget how horrible of a singer I am
Happy Monday everyone! Hope your weekend was amazing!
If you haven't already please take a moment to download the latest Crowdmug update for iOS. We think it'll bring a smile to your face. :)
have you heard about 's plans to showcase performance and visual art by #WMU students at May's Art Hop? Go Broncos.
Road trip to Glendale w/ the kiddies. Going 2 Barnes & Noble 2 pick up a copy of Revolutionary Suicide.
VonChurch is currently seeking a Server Programmer, Java Server Programmer, and Database Programmer for a studio in Vegas
no problem
Just tried the duck pancetta sandwich with taleggio, honey and sriracha from It was unreasonably delicious. Thank you Song!
you should direct this tweet to She's the one looking for a good Thanksgiving spot in NYC ;)
Lol! That's wassup! Real love my dear!
Between the drugs & extramarital sex, #Colombia sounds a lot like a Kennedy touch-football game circa 1962.
RT I am excited for #HBO's GIRLS. Like dying but really, no one of color, not even a sorta ethnic girl. That kind bums me out.
Ugh. When your favorite pen runs out of ink. :(
Do something today and dedicate it to someone you love. This is in memory of my cousin Ray.
The Grizz on a flash run. Time to get the starters back in. Great game. Who do you have winning?
Less than 30 days until Record Store Day!
i Love your new avi
Oh man. I am semi-excited.
Kids at my school: I like to smoke weed and get high. Me: I like to stare at Austin mahone via my computer screen.
Damn! What a sunset!
Aaron best friday fish fry in green bay? Bringing friends from D.C. to New Orleans game.
I will def join. Tonight was a "get home and collapse" kind of day. Sorry!
NATO SecGen reiterates nothing has changed - withdrawal by end of 2014 set still end date - but transfers will occur throughout 2013
I saw on TV when Kris burped in your face... that's what 14 year olds do.
Reagan High School IB Gallery Night May 4th. Artwork, Music, Film. Also showing "Voices of the Young" w/Paul Calhoun. 4965 S 20th St. 5-8 pm
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Some nice small roles in Five-Year Engagement (Alison Brie, Jacki Weaver), but overall a ho-hum rom-com.
Hello Dallas! #alamw12 bring it
haha me too and it's so funny haha (;
“: Best Friends are the ones who are there: whenever; wherever; however and most importantly: forever.”
where's you go?
already did
haha oh my gosh, we can do this bri! this could work!
I'm not saying he's bad, just think Clint brings more to the table at the moment
I'm only messing with you. lmao
Wa, broken link. I want to see the firemenzzz.
The water heater went out sometime yesterday. So either it's cold showers from now on or buying a new water heater. I'm debating.
Happy 122nd Birthday to Charlie Chaplin!
Thanks to everyone that came to the reception last night, we had a great time. Happy resurrection day! God bless
What do and I have in common other than being awesome? A: 4.0 semester! Congrats little!!!
In one of its creepier scenes, NIGHTMARE ALLEY's sideshow freaks play poker with a Tarot deck atop a ventilated box whirring with snakes.
btw. I should have live-tweeted this lecture! Forget football! (I'll still do that tho!)
Thanks to everyone from the #bbn for the support tonight. What an exciting win. Come catch us again tomorrow night for the rematch!
i love you <3 rt ": When me and lay on my bed and just talk to each other about stuff. <3"
If I am a WNBA GM, how do u not draft Khloe Kardashian? Size, Speed, and Athleticism! LamarOdom would agree but he is currently crying# WNBA
Coming up to my 550th tweet! Who wants it? (:
Woow.. Never thought I would be the girl that thought she wasn't pretty.. :/
Sign our guestbooks creeps!
Stupid medicine is making me drouzy I can't even see straight xD must finish hw asdkasldad
nice. :D
#top10Lies I don't like that kinky stuff.
Do you have any unused logos from an old project? Just enter those logos into our logo market for a chance to make money!
Am hoping to see Bill blog more about #crowdfunding this weekend. No pressure !
Wow! Powerful art. Honored to be included. Will spread the word, will play sound track on our radio show tmrrw
if i treated you the way you treat me , you wouldnt be around much longer .
Have you watched Skins? What do you think?
our C team coach Dave McIntosh applied. He was boys JV at Prairie a few years back. Good coach
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poet
K tweet but don't text me....
thank you!!! It's on iTunes
great meeting you at the #tweetup!!!
An analogy to public-key encryption is that of a locked mail box with a mail slot
Thanks for the follow! Following back
Things I miss at home; my roomie, me ebay bday gifties, my super bitch cat and love Angel, taco/burrito trucks, the Hollywood Hills
haha. of course you did. ;)
!video cam shuffle at aaron.tv !its not creepy o_o
RT “: BIG Shout out to #USFBasketball”
“: we'll have to make a dope video for my car.” word
Hi New Followers! *waves*
Thanks! RT : My Highlights of 2011
Sorry for the spamming. Hoping I just remedied it.
Awww the babies. Doing good. No dumpster diving or squirrel attacks this morning.
Kobe couldn't complete the comeback, despite back-to-back-to-back 3's. Only seen one man complete the 3PT-barrage comeback:
My pleasure, Mahesh. ()
I'm so damn irritated...
Save 20% on all Canyon Group chenille robes! Enter coupon code tweet20 during checkout! This offer is for orders placed today only!
You're forgiven :-)
Do cold cuts need a frozen bandage?
currently on the phone with nan... Can I call you after?
Nothing to tweet about
“: Rick Perry Comm. Director: He is a real human being, he's not a robot... he speaks from the heart.” he doesn't speak from The brain?
Always wonder story when person has 2 cell phones. Dealing drugs, hiding lover from partner, or taking advantage of competing rate plans?
Maria & Derek's KISS WAS HOT!
Morning and happy turkey day to you too! Enjoy.
Working on the cd tonight! Got 12 new grooves to write to. Can't wait!
Don't try and defined me...when really you don't know me!
Talking about the past, because of how much you love it.
a tasty fooventure?
Plow man came. Free at last. Free at last. We're supposed get another foot tonight, but I can handle that, as long as the power stays on...
u better eat something to pass out!
I get back rubs all that shit. Thats why i be so damn chill.
We should have the freedom in a residency to experiment freely, right? And in this case, very publicly! :) P.S. Lemme know if u has annoyed.
C.C. Pick up that guitar and talk to me.
#HappyBirthdayKidrauhl luved his music then and i luv it now
I miss a lot of things..
NEED to see you today... Let's make it happen!
On a total downer, someone text me?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.... Damn song can't go a day without listening to it.. Why must it be so good???
Question: What makes you happy.
yes definitely <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Final exam at USGA/PGA Rules School. Show time.
idgaf its thursday
Thanks for the props on our omelettes and hash browns--- we love serving them up!
Wearing my onesie all around Katy.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't just a little worried. I'm sure all of the players are well aware RSL is a quality side, but
Today is the coldest average day of the year in Milwaukee. A good time to focus on looking for the positives in what cold can bring!
Nope. You should come to a sies de mayo party with me. And awesome crew people.
Thanks julie!! Make sure to watch for our tweets :)
When someone that you miss, Tells you that they miss you. >>>>
When you are admitted to the hospital, the default should be a chair, not a bed. You only get a bed if you are really, really sick.
wonders why it takes AT&T sofa-king long to troubleshoot a land line?!
Thanks for sharing with the men of , my dad had a great time.
Today's happiest Twitter moment is seeing #WifeSwapAu as Sydney's highest trending topic ...
Why didnt you tell me you were having a party in columbus?? I could have brought cake!
make sure to check out all 5 of our music videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com !
Professor Kuhn's new book "Shostakovich in Dialogue" is now available at the Music Library.
Another day in the books. One day closer to summer
Going to z-Hall
I am in our garden hotel next to Rachel McAdams.. She is really really pretty in person too peeps.. I am now a weird stalker..lol
omigosh!! LUCKY!! Take a good pic of him please
New motto: "Whatcha Gonna Queue?: Better Than FilmPulse."
based on description, I kinda want to read that gay narratives + questionaires + recipes one by ur student, is it good??
please send cheddar bread to NYC immediately. Thank you! :)
Windy day for golf but fuck it I'm in.
I must've missed it. I never watch the pre All-Star crap.
How do you feel about overpuncuation???? Alumni emails from Depaul coming with lots of enthusiasm these days!!!!!!!
At Rodeo Houston!
Lol happy friday aaron :)
end of summer = me gone far far away.
can't find ur number that's y I said call me I never saved ur number cuz of the BD problem remember what happened
Good times on Episode 326! Many thanks to our guests! 98.9 The Buzz.
and us all want you stay longer for episode 1
"He's a strong Black-Dragon" I hope someone says that about me one day.
When these things happen, we have to get it right the 2nd time, too. Takes a while to report, write, edit.
On my way to get my hair done :)
nice meeting you yesterday.I like what your doing and I cant wait to try your food!
Bagpipes in the streets!
sounds interesting. want to email me and try to connect tomorrow?
few pple understand just how many seniors rely on #Medicaid for longterm care.
i close my eyes and all i see is you! follow back? C;<U+2665>
Heading to the theater to see Coriolanus
I dnt wanna try too hard but I dnt wanna lose him
Amusing that on the 2 year anniversary of Citizen's United, I see constant political ads.
I must say, Lorii, you are absolutely legggitt ;)
Watching ELI webinar: ePortfolio research ("Seeking Evidence for Impact" go.osu.edu/ePr ) as I multi-task on 2 other screens & eat.
carolina my help ask your friends to follow me please thank you for attention
Went to bestbuy to see if I could find something interesting. After checking out the Motorola Xoom, I want an iPad.
Pieces in place
Got my eyes open 2day. Been passing judgement. I'm no 1 to do that. Every1 is entitled an option but once it makes u judge, ur just as bad.
Beastie Boys blasting at HQ. I'm liking Boulder!
Houseboat operators plead for greywater help - ABC Local
IKR....I gotta get you out of the zoo more often
yeah, bro. super fun. glad it worked out.
The past is never dead. It's not even past. ~ William Faulkner
Good luck today big guy
#AlexandriaVa City Council candidate forum Thurs at Cora Kelly, 6:30 pm, discussing "issues important to working people."
Oh, it is. But live & learn.
I tell you what you wana hear. What's really goin on is what you don't wana hear.
Sorry , here at the Battle of the Sexes!
please follow me!! Your so awesome!! It would make my day!
I have feveerrr!!!
spending a full hour on twitter stalking other people's tweets xD
Oh dang..well at least you've gotta phone now :)
When a guy in another choir looks like him....
I asked my Uncle if he was getting better and he texted back "no a lot worse" I started crying. Why can't they find out what's wrong?!
don't ya' need someone to do that first? It's not like hiring a yard man.
yeah, I just stole the definition for pastry icing off wikipedia. That should fire someone up
Thank for RT'ing the robin's nest and warbler photos Scott. I had a wonderful time at The Biggest Week. Sort of sad to be back.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
heard that you freak you better off with me
yes - such a pleasure! Hit me up anytime :)
just marc, but i aint there yet so idk who up there tho
GO TO SLEEP.
That's the dagger
i need to jump on that game of thrones band wagon
hahaha I knew I liked you!!!
On our way to to see 's acoustic preshow before tonight's concert- going to be a great night!
Drive was a total disappointment.
Um lets just go back...after our trip to Memphis of course!
I automatically panick when I don't feel my phone in my pocket !
Don't fight Don't hide Those stars in your eyes Let 'em shine tonight Let 'em shine tonight
About half of my followers are bots/fake - can someone remind me again why Twitter is so great?
Basher: it's your show.
Some may call today National High Five Day, others call it Don't Touch Me Day
There are 'gems' (read: chunks of Ruby code) that can bring in pieces of functionality developed separately from blacklight.
Actually I been sucking on halls on day for my throat and my tongues red.
Decoding Premenstrual Syndrome | Anima
i need glasses! RT for that good ol' follow
If I go with Pollan's eat until 80% full, then I lose money at the Great Dane brunch!
SO TRUE MRS BOSH
im always a troll. always.
Thanks, ! That's the feeling we want to convey! If interested, I'd love for you to take part in a survey we're conducting.
are live this Friday Night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Come out and join us!
Busy travel season ahead! #AHRD2012, Eastern Econ, Public Choice Society and #ASPA2012. Let us know if you will be at any of those meetings!
If you could assign one short story in an American History class, what would it be? It should be historically significant.
RB, he will be 18 on monday.
... Oh lol I like English better than French but that's just me.
Decided to have a birthday WEEKEND instead of a day! Happy birthday WEEKEND to me! lol
Good Morning, now that was the best sleep I had in a long time. What up #PackerNation. Blessings to all my followers.
I'll send you yours later!! :-)
didn't mean to offend you and your love for horrible vegetables ..those are vegetables right ? ?
-- I think I just downloaded it :)
date night tonight<3
I just choked on a muffin...
Come travel with us! #seetheworld We <3 movement. It is our life!
Thanks for staying waterproof my friends
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions. -Eric Butterworth
Thanks for asking! ;-)
thanks for the #FF (I have one more "t"... No worries!) Have you ever thought of doing a type of #ONE-SHOT project in Latin America?
Never forget that by being supportive you will produce a partner with high self-esteem.
Sat 5/12: Visit any of 35 NYCFTA members & donate to Today & giving 5% of revenue!
I'm so tired of doing this every fucking day
My background pic was taken by ... Of course I could have taken it if I'd chosen to, however, I wanted to give her a chance.
Jefferson is on the take! It's kinda hard to make a million bucks in the Arena Football League...
Yes, that person in the red shirt 5 rows back really stands out.
Just tapped Uinta Hop Notch IPA.
just chillin at this sucky ass after prom. You?
Butt crack sighting
Thanks for the RT.
Should read away RT : Social media should enhance your offline relationships not take way from them.
how? did they meant to call ashmont?
how bout them tix, Softy?
the chef is nasty
Ya it sounds like he's deciding between more money or his heart in Denver. They need to up the $$ offer.
Things I never thought I'd say, "um...you should probably put your labia away". Yep, said this on set today.
Thank you for the link, Donna! You made my day. :-)
damn Soldinger why did you give us the longest article ever written to read -___-
Looken for that
joe bean? Did someone say joe bean?
no I went 2 the country side most of the time then London the rest :)
yes indeed!
but only the future matters
Peace is NOT based on our present situation, but on who or what we trust in. Trust in Jesus for TRUE PEACE!
Half off bottles of #wine at my fav Italian spot. The day gets better and better
A loyal Starwood guest. Trying the aloft brand for the first time.
Did we decide on a place/time tonight? I need to leave by 6:30 to get the doggie at daycare...
follow pleasee <33 i love you goo muchh! good luckk in AC this week
Sunday night arrived too soon!
You better have some flowers in your hand. :p
3/30. The last one of the tour! :)
My partner, , and I are both professional artists. U might like his work too. Look us up when in our area!
I like how everyone in my Twitter timeline quoted the same "Smash" line from tonight's
“: ima wereck” someone's been drinking.
--Lay off Occupy Wall Street! You should have polices that create jobs for other than bankers, and hedge fund mangers.
That's actually the first NYC history book I ever read. Lots of familiar names in posts that might surprise you.
Two days after seeing #PiratesoftheCaribbean, all I can hear still is the soundtrack raging in my ears.
the whole "god bless america" thing during the 7th inning stretch is so annoying. apparently it only started after 9/11. blech.
Simple Computer Repair just fixed my desktop! Great service, legit prices. 702-614-3186
I guess the cobbler's children have to wear shoes. They have to do a little self-promotion. But, I do agree with your...
Makin positive makes!! Just can't lose!!
Thx for being here RT : D. Cohen speaking at #cysummit 17 cities have teams. Including Miami!
this TUESDAY at 8PM! FREE TIX MESSAGE ME!
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?"
We can only dream that will be the case.
I'll leave this one. It's not a red one.
Nah. Maybe like 99 you, but definitely no more.
what kind of lens are you using?
Thanks for the meeting about We will be in touch.
She study dodging me.....
So why is it that over the last week I've seen a boat load of #Kony2012 signs showing up in #Boston again? New hipster surge?
I was just asking no need for attitude .-.
RT : The AC is not working very well at work. I'm on the verge of sweating through my pink button up shirt.
ugh i hate people. i wanna be with him tomorrow.
well Aw shucks on this end too...you are my favorite web technologies writer at Forbes.
of course we do! <3 u know that!!
Could someone with their PHR on an HIE use it to drive automated search/access relevant patient education?
thanks! i read that. that's so aweful!
I think I wanna go out Friday night ...
Candle light bath, beautiful music. Relaxing.
The beer options at Kings games are limited to say the least.
Enjoy your youth. You'll never be younger then you are at this very moment.
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
bored. texts would be nice.
Get busy living or get busy dying! which will you choose?
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
lawl bye I'm going to bed anyways
Saw #Jerusalem last night, jawdropper. Mark Rylance = character work rockstar. 15 shows left!
false. the coes were just renting the byrne estate in 1912. they did not buy the place until a few years later
k wishing you luck!! Have fun
Shoutout to ...and for the the FOLLOW! Make sure you FOLLOW them!
So excited for tomorrow!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BF>
aww man that stink your parents won't let u have it?
it's a great day to be alive.
Advising some of my aggressive clients to open their short lines with a 10 percent toe in the water It is time.
Only 31% of employees are really satisfied with the level of recognition they are receiving from their bosses per SHRM research.
Oh Hey it's snowing
so glad u got it!!! The kids loved your video!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish friends around the world!
who hijacked your twitter?
Daydreaming about my IRELAND trip!!
TY! <U+2665> I've been listening to it. "Lillie: F-65" is anything but a downer if you <U+2665> doom! The album cover art is classic, too.
that is great! U need to fill me in on u soon!
check your DMS from me :)
Jesus: "So now I gotta root for the Jets?!"
Today, i am happy! <3
that's fair. If they meet it will be in the final.
Everybody follow he can school you on this HipHop game plus he's a great producer and engineer. Highly recommended.
the world doesn't need anymore Beatles cover bands.
Yes I'm fine. My Dad had a little accident with Janet.
can you help Andre Miller with his hair?
Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and has made the Lord his hope and confidence. - Jeremiah 17:7
To Peggy, Don Draper and all the Mad Men cast...bravo,
Just followed you! Nice to meet you!
Hey, Twitter. On Friday I'm giving a workshop on presentation tips for grad students (esp making good use of Prezi). Any resources to rec?
Going to pick out tuxes with and !
If we experienced a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification. It is 2011. We can do better than just TV alerts.
gotta go against ya tonight my man, Go Caps! The joint is jumpin no doubt!
Is falling asleep
i think your ears aren't working, that's what's wrong with you.
that still counts!
Happy Valentines Day 2 U 2! Miss your series.
right back at ya brother, thanks for coming in and hangin' out...good luck down the road!
SHE GO HARD SHE HOLDING HER OWN IN A GAME FOOL OF NIGGAS #SALUTE BABY
what ru doing talking about diets on twitter? lol
lol I knew u would b heheheh
Using SMS interactivity for Colleges, Universities & Tech schools- TEXT 2LEARN to 59925. Reach the demographc where they are...Mobile.
...oh Golden Compass references, the current bane of my existence at
Some days it is impossible to over use the word seriously in either the interrogatory or exclamatory sense. Seriously!
no shoot i'm always down to bowl. yes i will hit you up when i'm back obvi
Nahh you're looking at it the wrong way- We all have to look at our embarrassing pictures & be GLAD for the transformation! :)
"Never go with a hippie to a second location." ~ Jack Donaghy (S2:E4)
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about you <3
TIP: Despite the fact that you want to make the most use of your "big"hand.. Winning $100 is better then losing $100..Win when you can.
holy fuck I wish I could just walk around and listen to my music all day. feeling like letting the music narrate what's going on around me.
link isn't working--for me anyway. :(
Memorizing 70 words for science?
I just heard about the Segway Accident guess all nerds cant be smart..
Nothing like a boy to wake you up in the morning
Ask customers for reviews so that your business can improve.
TK as Twins color man: An improvement on Bert, but as irritating as he is informative. Cut the cloying first-name shtick please, Thomas.
... Quick get your book back and rebrand it .... "The Will to Bow down to Manning"I smell an Pulitzer
None taken =)
STEM encourages open-ended exploration, collaboration, problem-solving, decision-making, creativity and innovation.
That feeling you get when your done with an 11 page paper >>>>>
(: it's amazing, it'll be worth the wait
Home from a trip to the grocery store which is an exercise in patience with 2 preteens and a 3 yr old in tow.
Elaine Schwartz-- ABQ Poets against War is now reading an amazing statement calling for attention to people and our environment
Finally back in Detroit <3
Happy Birthday ! <3 \m/
I don't need anymore temporary ppl in my life.
#whenitwascoolto get good grades in school.
It did. Had to send a bunch of messages to let people know.
Turn on (CSpan3) right now to see the History Guys drinking history from a bottle. (burp)
Thanks Spencer!!! I'm in for Mari at noon...might actually get to see you today :)
you. are. ridiculous.
I might make an appearance this weekend, anything going on?
Here we go my peoples. Let's get it in on this Tuesday morning, afternoon, and evening. Have a blessed day.
The most successful collaborations are driven by a visionary.
Got it!!! Awesome vid! Thanks for the s/o! We love a lot of those artists, so we're def in good company! Thanks for sending! :)
I've performed so much magic in the last three weeks that I don't even want to think about the edges of reality for at least 2 hours.
S/O to You officially have the worst customer service in the world.
finished writing his screenplays for Blurred Vision and Schmoe. Hawaii is the production hot spot for 2010. Miami has lots of commercials.
its funny but that shits cool
I am home
the tweets from are very interesting tonight if you haven't seen them
#nowplaying 2pac - All Eyez On Me. I've been listening to his music all day. Never gets old.
honestly not sure how to take that
Dan definitely cast the write Jade. I can't think of anybody else to play Jade in the world Liz is one of a kind. It's her humor the helps.
What better way to celebrate.....live! :)
is probably gonna come visit:)
'OLIVE GARDEN' Normal People: "It's just a restaurant".. Me: "OMFG AUSTIN MAHONE!!"
tell your mom all ICONiacz say Happy Mothers day! Without her you wouldn't be here to inspire me <U+2665>
Everybody just take a second and send my Dad some positive vibes. He could use some good vibes right now.
That's what scares me the most. I'm amazed how much pull the chains have w/ regard to covers, deals, etc.
if you can say something gay and then say "no homo" and that makes it not gay, can I steal shit and say "no theft, bro -- no theft"
id say neither, id like u in ur birthday suit. Or just hold ut hand and just be
Chen has settled down real nice.
“How can I get another copy of my 1099-G? Can the form be faxed or emailed? thanks”
Hope you had a fabulous birthday !!
love our new song!! :) Can't wait to write some more!
"Can you be a douche? I mean a real douche. The kind who makes a woman weep as she dries up." - commercial casting director for Suzuki
Hey thanks. But b/c I've been writing restaurant reviews for the since 2004, I fall under the exception.
Finally got some nice weather! New Pazzo Levers for '09 R1's in stock. Come in and say "Hi". We're here 10-7 M-F and 9-5 Sat. Ride safe!
I wouldn't say "scapegoat," but it's probably correct to think #DharunRavi case was used as an example or cautionary tale.
We've got two shows today: Falling Forward in The Club, and Stick Men in the hall. Come have a good time with us, music is good for you
I'm trying to get one of my friends to go. Don't like traveling down there by mself. If I get to go I will hollar at ya.
Cleaning all day
Its about twenty of my pics that are now profile pics on fb
TSOI-NY is at GANG OF FOUR at Webster Hall. Among the more dapper rock audieces i have run across - not the usual skads. Yeah Gof4!
so are you coming to demo yours? or are you going to do it virtually?
Nothing says "fuck you" like.. um.. fuck you! RT Nothing says "CJ Wilson is a legit ace" like giving up a HR to Alex Avila
Why aren't we comedians? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Thank you for following! Cheers. ~mark
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im paying Adele && Beyonce to sing at my wedding :-) :-) :-)
I know we do & me either.. we have to restart our game... I lose count haha.
and she'll never be forgotten
I just had this moment staring at the moon outside my window and realized how far away I am from home
#milwaukee Snow is here! What will everyone be doing to enjoy it? I'm thinking an old fashioned sled-a-thon!
This back pain stuff is unrelenting. Maybe the doc should've given me meds!
Off to the LBK
NFL draft today! #letsgetit happy Thursday to everyone.
You're the best, Bill. Thanks!
u already know where 2 pick up custom made and tailored diets that deliver results....
RT is neither too short nor too long. Its simply whatever you choose to make it, moment by moment.
sorry Dee that was an old message that shared. I'll keep u posted on other events though.
Did pick up v. 3 of magazine on the way out.
well, there are many very known artist that do not have a verified account so... i've been replied by those :)
.. I really like that one w/ Diane Sawyer, very smart woman, I akways like her too..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein
It's only 8 am here tons of things have popped off...
Just started watching ABC's Once Upon a Time and absolutely in love with it. I feel like a kid again.
Is that more or less concerning than pets having their own FB pages?
Ran into the wife of Sonny Melendrez just now. She always gives the best advice. Its a blessing to have that support.
So we should just chalk it up as a turnover every time Mikael Pietrus dribbles more than three times.
Just bought #GirlsLikeUs for my Thanks for the heads up guys!
Lol! Of course!!
Fuck it! I might be taken out of flowing wells :/
#SomeoneIWantToMeet The Boys, all of my followers, and people I follow. LLN :D Yall are great!
Want to cry
words cannot explain how proud i am of everything you have accomplished is such a short period of time <3
unable to store that fat because of the lack of carbs.
“: Or he can look straight up buuussssteddd.......<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>”LMFAOOOOO not isa is a bitch not me.
Donna Summer RIP :-( she made me smile and reminded me of my sister, who used to always sing and dance around as a kid. Bye, Disco Queen.
Theballoon, completely enveloped in the vapor, gained a littleincrease of speed, perhaps, and that was all
Adding Jim Nelon's ( alumnus) first book in the "Pursuing a Dream" series to my must read list.
i am tweeting u so u love me yeah
using mums fake tan just because it smells so good
Luxury graphic design. www.michaelcalixtro.com
nice meeting you yesterday. I hope we can get together again soon.
You haven't watched Revenge... just sayin.
#ZodiacFacts #Aries are blessed with ideas to give the entire world a new direction. True story...
Kid enters the library and approaches the circ desk: "Can I come in here and read a book?"
Making fishing date plans with <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><U+2600>
A Wise Girl Kisses But Doesn't Love, Listens But Doesn't Believe; & Leaves Before She Is Left
: will tell the story about how as captain of a ship uttered, "Dodos are stupid."
HAH...not you
it's up 2 u to find it
electrical system ground-out!
Heading up to PushPush for final show of LIFE INC.
Steeler Baby can power your mobile devices.
I always think he's at least 35 due to the baldness. He sure as hell doesn't play like it though.
Brahs in shorts just arrived. And they actually all call each other brah. Time to leave.
The homie from Red Bull just stopped by the office to talk shop. Good to catch up! See you tmrw night at yo!
"DEVIL GET UP OFF ME"
Thanks to all who attended the #kickstarter & indie publishing panel today!
I guess this says it all about where David Gregory is! "Meet the Press" should be Meet the GOP.
I hate when you think you've found a really good guy, then you realize he's not who you thought he was.-_-
- where are my seats for said event? Do I have a budget?
why do I need one ..? I still don't get the point of it LOL
Hitting the tanning beds.
"bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it." did you write this coz it's brilliant
- happy to retweet - interesting post
Distributing Girl Scout cookies tonight and tomorrow. Thinking I'll need to do lots of quality control sampling.
Back from working in Malaysia Will be blogging about why Asia will continue to "eat our lunch" Want to hear from other consultants
love to get the details on the position for our students. thanks!
Hey everyone! Today we're covering warped! Hope is having fun!
I can't find u on instagram.. Im justrosystyling
Stop with the crazy talk: Obama wants him dead. And stop exaggerating the influence of the new Black Panthers.
Virgin Islands*
Great bachata practice tonight! I might get to the performance in a decent shape.
80 degrees, St. Patty's Day, NCAA hoops, quiet house and IBL draft, then kegger tonite.
Peavy goes the distance to give the a 4-0 start to their west coast trip
Oh god why am i still laughing at this? xD
Ok getting into the right frame of mind for this Pilates session talk soon :)
Appreciate the nice post re: new lawyer books: "the Curmudgeon's Guide and Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks are both excellent"
Im soo sleepy right now
Benefit Dinner and Dance for Ayden May 12 North Vernon IN. Been a very tough winter for him. Hope to see you there. (Please Retweet)
“: best move ever since we get to be together now!” Can't wait \m/
Great, how about you?
Mobbing it up fqam hows everything going for ya MOB
what was your time? :)
Lucroy, save some freakin' hits for when it counts! Cripes!
I know it's like really?! That's shallow.
So much for the getting up earlier resolution. Try again tomorrow!
no, too dark. You better believe there's a cartoon version of that moment coming though. ;) What. A. Delight.
#iss2011Columbia spends half million on digitizing their own unique collections. What % is this of budget?
What if Sarah Phillips is all of us?
Gonna have a real good time tonight, guys.
I gotta interview Monday at wholefoods wish me luck!"
God's merciful teeth, how great it is to be alive in the time of dairy products that require no refrigeration...
Haha. Those crazy people.
Boom Chicka RT : Crazy Boom Boom : Boom BOOM in the room
Its kinda cliché but I have "I Should Have Kissed Youu" by Chris Brown in me head :/
FUCK YOU for suspending workers for praying. I will never rent a car from you again. I promise.
hahaha totally! I mean who do they think they are? Knew all along kimberly was hiding summit behind that fakeness
"I'm gay for Gucci Mane" - Nick Glauber
Make sure you head to The Post at Cedar Park from 5-7 for our Budweiser Van Hit! Come say hi and pick up some prizes!
Congrats to on a great round! Awesome tourney!
If U received an email from the State of New York concerning a Traffic Ticket U received 7/2/11 at 7:25am, DON'T OPEN IT - contains MALWARE!
Soothing voices of #Masters broadcasters on par with perfect nap!
happy birthday cant wait to hear the album
Do you think the Stop Online Piracy Act will impact the #translation industry?
I hope so! Fire and Hemlock isn't the easiest read but so rewarding.
Takeover Tuesday tonight! Join ChiIL Productions for 50% off at Mercadito then after-party at #Board Room Chicago.
Had dinner at the Banana Leaf Cafe on Bethel - it was vegetarian and vegan and so delicious! All you can drink Mango juice? Done.
haha. Guess I should have been.
from one taus to another, hang in there brother
At greygroose private party with & free goose all night like my cuz Akini says it is what it is annddddd …Fuego out
What do you guys think of the show so far?
Day three of Decem-beard. The evo-lütion of The Stache. Photos to come. Let's drink to a hairy face!
On the way to rhode island for a show at the university...feels good to be back on the road after a two week thanksgiving break!!
Thank you. I'll gladly give it a shot. :)
Yum, gotta love me some Cuban food
On our way back to #Nashville after an awesome night rockin' The Shed & a kick ass 3 show run in East TN. Thanks to all who came out!
Camden. . .also checked out Belfast last summer :)
I agree but am not worried about the offense. We have a few guys coming back soon who I remember being good.worried about pen.
Going out to the country tonight, should be interesting<U+E00E><U+E420>
Starting today's run with a delivery to the Polynesian...Lets hope the weather will hold out for a nice sunny day for all the park hoppers!
You can't believe how bad the damage from the tornados are till you see it with your own eyes. So sad.
I'm only good at one thing and it's not control.
liked the #DasAuto #VW commerical til the bar scene, cute dog
RT : Flyer Faithful, are you ready! Here's a treat for today, a speech from UD alum, Super Bowl winner Jon Gruden!...
Cannot stop improvising delirious lyrics to zoo bee doo bee doo
Can't believe I missed on today! Definitely will be tuning in tomorrow!
The guy next to me is eating a pastry that smells like heaven. God I wish it was okay to punch people and take their shit.
Dear mother nature it's almost December. Were is the snow!!!
that picture just made my day! Thanks again :) it means SO much!
sweet ride
yeah man theres just something wrong with Noah we gots to findout
Peace up, A-Town down.
You are doing it Carolyn! Congratulations!
And right out of the chute, Joe goes for the stupid
Coffee, catching up on Scandal, watching livetweet the #walkforanimals, and checking radar to see if I can scoot to campus.
School Starts 2 More Weeks.
“: I've been selected as a 2012 TED Fellow! I've been a HUGE fan of TED for many years and so honored” Congrats Jimmy!
Yay! Free food always tastes better :) RT : Just got free Subway
Thank you! Have a great day! RT :
Just finished listening to #WondersOfTheYounger now it's off to bed with me:)
Black men will come up with nicknames for their friends.
young hip people should move in on the retirement home lifestyle and if they dont let us then we cry ageism. sounds legit
My word of the day is
These loud Asians are fucking me up real bad right now...
Having to go inside when the street lights came on
Right outside of Issaquah. 25 minutes from Downtown. Like I said, too damn far. :( Oh well, live and learn.
Im Happy that I'm living. People may say I'm Ignorant, but I'm really not.
Glad you loved our care package! Shoot me an e-mail rachel (at) secondglass.com and I'll get those tix flowin =)
The lakers SUCK! Kobe is good though
I miss you so much!! It seems like FOREVER :( But almost 3 months away!
and I don't expect to have my bestfriend back, but just remember there isn't a day that goes by that I don't wish you still were
if you are not a #FORTRAN programmer, then you have no excuse for
I miss you too! We would love to see you this summer, I'll let you know when we are coming your way!
sounds good! We choose your number last time unfortunately that number was not you. :(
When UC graduates own the world like Harvard grads do, we'll donate just as much as they do.
I hear Ma Fischer's is good.
Stocks go up, stocks go down, watching indexes that are painted can't help. Hedging will. Not a science, but an art. I can teach
hey C:
Ahahah yup to both. :3 thing was I didn't get to meet them after the acoustic but ohwell;P I met 1/2 of them on gktour.
So my Disney countdown started at 190 days and now we are down to 109. This is going a lot faster than I imagine.
Went to sleep in the 3rd quarter thinking the clippers were gonna be blown out of that game. Proof right there that u should
I smell cheese! Cheddan Pecan biscuits are baking...YuM!
Betcha Don thought he just saw Non-fat Betty.
best pick-up line from Art Drinks that I wish I'd thought of: "so, what keeps your paint wet?"
You ain't a fan of basketball if you hate Kobe. He has the perfect game mayne.
yea I agree, he was also very good looking :)
let me think about that... YES!!
RT #GIS2012 is awesome in Miami! Great meetings with great people.
my dawg. Where you been at
": I bet at some people crib the roaches can't wait till its night time.... So they can party all night!!! Lol"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#PeopleLikeUs don't give a shit anymore. <U+270C>
Full as hell
#wcphilly #day2 : Life cycle of a ticket: The oldest open ticket is 6.5 years old, the youngest, probably 20-30 minutes ago.
11 days...no cigarettes...up next: Vegan cleanse...what the what?
woah is that even legal?!
Developing story, #braun gets his chance v. lefty...
Anyone ever used the SCImago Journal and Country Rank? Opinions?
- my bunny is famous!
yeah but someone's gotta do it lol...at least it pays the bills
I have so many bug bites <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I love standing there with you, being held close to you.
haha! Didn't see it until after, and then I didn't really care if it copied. Whoops!
Oh no! The current live games are Bruins/Capitals, Coyotes/Blackhawks, and Bulls/Heat. Can you not enter any of those games?
Thanks for the support! See you at the
its football u play knowin the risk. It's like joinin the military think u won't go to war. I did both. It's a risk
lol a few
way many power hungry bastards... way many.. it's sad.
sunny, wicked breezy in PR. Check out #syfy #lostgirl - maybe get a part in it. oh& tell - more music plz
Either heated or silent. I kind of want to skip. haha
Almost done with this video mix...then home to prep for Rock-Con this weekend.
I say Kay so I'm stupid? WTH. Nice comeback. Wow.
some did take the name they write in Chinese
If you dont know my pain youll never understand my praise
Damn interference call killed us
Love is free, just expensive to shop.
I hate that I cant sleep after 3 pills
Thanks so much and thanks for the follow!
Hahaha “: I hate it when, I plan a conversation in my head, but the other person doesn't follow the script.”
<U+2665> Sweetest girl in my world <U+2665>
...and that comma should be a semicolon. RT practice safe text, use commas.
haha. it messes with my mind.
Dec. 01 is World AIDS day. Who is wearing red today?
You belong to whoever you obey -
need to cop one!
Thanks for following, Mike.
lmfao scaring a bunch of seventh graders by banging on the basement window with music playing and the shower running in the bathroom.
Our Holiday Lunch was delicious! Thanks!
how was the R Derby?
i love the mothers day song, it was beautiful :)
who do I complain to in order to have my email corrected for Equator? Pls dont give me the 866.903.1053. No help there.
I NEED 100+ FOLLOWERS. FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!!!
show at patriot place-- I think I'm going to qualify as a fanatic soon
This kid is banned from any TV, video games, computer games, etc... So I let him play Angry Birds on my iPad. It's the least I can do!
completed Chapter 6 in
I gotchu, be right over with them RT : I want some oreos & milk .
No!!! I honestly just woke up :/ I've been out since 7 :/ guess I'll go ahead and get up to start my glorious day??
I LOVE YOU :)
I used to be ashamed for the grizzlieness on my body. This summer, don't care!
when I got my 3 dayold kitten, I had to massage her butt & vajayjay with a warm cloth to stimulate her to pee & poo for 2 weeks
Are you making a 4square trip around some town called DEG?
Today we're filming from Seattle Science Foundation an amazing facility at our Cherry Hill campus dedicated to medical training.
Thanks for the #FF! You're pretty "kind and badass" yourself! Happy holidays to you
k will do
are you home cuz?
And what phone do you have. because i can see it on my phone.
Don't you just love how 's mom ignores him when she is watching Lifetime? :D Lol #FizzyFamlyForever :3 <3
"Breathe Again" by has my heart tonight.
#ascj Just arrived to Homeboy Industries. Jobs not jail! I love it!
laying down watching tv...so sick today had to miss class:(
Thank's to god i got my break through i woke now let's get it !!!
That's the diff between #solar/RE FITs & corp welfare: FITs r/fair payment 4 energy while utility-scale renewables subsidize big bus
Some privileges that I state engender feelings of guilt...ones about having money always bring feelings of guilt
local news just reported forensic test results reveal human body decomposition in trunk of Casey Anthony's car... poor Caylee
I feel very lucky!
Chris! How are you?! What are the dates you will be in???
And she's taking questions/comments, because education is a 2-way street! RT : Gloria Steinem keynote speaker
so true! They can be pretty mean animals!
hahahaha me too
Before I forget, I want to send a special #HappyBirthday out to , tear it up!
I'm horrible at shopping for girls. I need help ladies! Ideas for a bday present?
ibeing to get excited but ti dont wanna set my self up for disappointment. it really sucks
"I know if I could do it over, I would trade give away all the words that I saved in my heart, That I left unspoken"
Or Dead Guy Ale would have been sufficient, I suppose. Guess I dropped the ball on the apropos pairing part of the equation.
I think it's bad that I have suicidal thoughts...
Going to eat one of subs later, and can't wait! Haha I love sub way!
Me too! Ooowee is all I can say!
it was so amazing!!! :)
I like these Glen Campbell covers better than the originals.
Oh I guess you think that's funny.
home from work it was a long day.
I was a librarian in my former life, I'm sure of it:)
Increase your pay, secure your position & earn more respect by getting advanced #nursing degree with no campus attendance...
Nice foto iceland!
I #amreading #AntarktosRising by #JeremyRobinson between bouts of working on my latest novel.
Emily and Iain are trick or treating. I'm the candy hander outer.
if you were a comedian your name would be Lady Haha.
I wish i could make it on thrusday, but i am singing on a live TV show that night.
IS IT CUPCAKE 443 WERE THE HERSHYS IS SHE OMG SO HAPPY
be safe<33 it was great meetings you tonight.
Tricky tricky!
Thank You Joan for your beautiful daughter that I'm proud to call my role model! <U+2665> XO
Just finished riding pocketbikes Sister fell off Lol
I worry bout things to much
Goldberg: shifted to Guantanamo 2012, think confounding grief of Guantanomo through mode of lament which "precedes form"
Totally excited about !
To the recording studio with producer Mitchie B!!!
have a fun time
And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us, and if our God is with us, then what could stand against us?
Ladies, if the first place another WOMAN'S eyes goes is to your cleavage, then it's too much.
oh. wait. am i little confused?
The winner of our drawing for 2 VIP tickets to a game is ! DM us for more info on how to claim the tickets!
i miss my best friend already !
I wasn't that drunk? Dude, you threw goldfish at my blue rug screaming "swim bitches swim!"
Howdy new followers! Enjoying the break on the acting side, busy on the recruiting side! Need #iPhone and #Android pro's for new company!
RT : 2 Winners of DJ HERO will be picked next Friday from my followers. To win be eligible to win U must RT this.
Tired... Heading home
And u know this Man! Thanks let's get it!
Let<U+0092>s take for instance, Toyota<U+0092>s niche strategy
Oh my gosh we're getting soo fat.
Come grab a #Beer for the game tonight! Come Bounce with us :)
Oof, not that deep, no. Start my film work in June
awesome, snagged an audition tomorrow AM!
thanks cousin.
When God gives you a vision, it should not be debated.
Before the fight* "Don't be afraid to rip eachothers shirts off!"
literally.....hundreds
hahaha. Well if the gf ain't on twitta then I guess you're good! I'd love to go to Maine for a day
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Thanks for the mentions:
Where my Spanish speaking people at? RT !
I actually heard the show is really good!
Thanks ! We had a wonderful dinner and it was great meeting you!
yes I would [: I'm married to Lil Wayne, sorry you missed the wedding bud. (;
hoe with a shotgun
Right? So many of our guys got drafted! Great for the #NFL and great for our program. But wait, is it football season yet?
RT cfaulkner --> still down in philadelphia area 18964. What's up!
Ahh congrats! Are you excited?
Love the technology-congrats on all the success! MT : As of today, has 2,511,194 downloads of its NFL+NHL team apps!
<U+266C> August 4th 1984 Prince began 24 week run at top of U.S album charts with "Purple Rain" The album went on to sell in excess of 10m copies <U+266C>
battier and miller can definitely get the job done if they show up tho
We love Rocky Horror! We'll be screening it June 2nd at midnight!
By far the youngest person at this show!! Ha ha
Thx for following please help me get followers :D
Heat up your night with our Sriracha Ketchup!
injuries are a killer. Jacoby is irreplaceable though for them. That would be like the tigers losing verlander
Happy New Year! Celebrate With These Celebrity Smooches (PHOTOS) It wouldn ’t be New Year ’s Eve without a little smooch at the strok
Need to look at an economic model that allows these different ways of delivering service.
thank you for the
I'm not selfish I just don't give a F••• what you're doing with ur life right now.. .
Welcome to the new twitter feed to Hybrid and Online Teaching at #Baruch College, CUNY. New info will be tweeted as it comes in, stay tuned!
awe thanks! Haha (not even close!!) (:
Always up for the Fish!! ": Top of the 12th, Fish still tied 2-2. RT if you're staying up late with the Fish! #LETSGOMARLINS!"
that looks like so much fun! Your photos look rad
Are you wearing a Packers Jersey?
We just met our 1st UPS man. Very nice guy but we had to bark at him because the package he brought was not for us or & he had no treats!!
Thanks a lot. Please spread the word about us to all of your friends!
Holy cats! #vegan green tea cupcakes with mandarin orange icing! They won't last long!
Johnny 5 is alive.
A positive about a negative isn't really a positive.
That's perfect, then we can hit the flee market.
That would mean interrupting the most important topic of his show...it's the same one everyday...himself
Sorry to hear that. Hope everything works out!!!!!!
Bryce Harper is an immature child. You are in the big leagues and you hit yourself in the head with a bat. Plus you are over-rated.
When I'll be missing you and I don't want to miss a thing comes on, I can't help but get goosebumps and think of , R.I.P Angel <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Atmosphere with Eyedea&Abilities tonight at HOB....jamz
Taking some much needed me time....with Super Mario 3.
He calls qj no H and I have him dead basically. 85k dinner break going to 1200.
20 minutes is up ):
I guess I should start working on updating my lab for Partner Exchange..
Wow really hung over,..,
2nd prettiest thing in the house! (okay, Sugar, the 3rd prettiest)
CALL ME IN THE MORNING YOU SLORE(;
I hate when you dont text me back.... -_-
Fandom>Freedom...only when it comes to Duke/UNC apparently
Good Morning Everyone!
: show some sign of life
Not the government what i tell you about that :-(
Best fun I have had in a while -- Googling images of STDs with my sex-crazed 14-year-old! The faces! The Horror!
Don't wanna play no games, I want you exclusive,
Oh great way to start off my morning, great thing to happen three days before graduation.
Nominated for "Best Soundtrack Producer" award by Indie Music Channel Award show at House Of Blues, Hollywood, April 29, 2012
Craving sushi
I am officially graduated from high school!!! :)
RT SYTTD on !!! (aka Say Yes to the Dress) You and should hang out.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, I think I need to go skipping outside for a bit!
it is beautiful, what an upgrade!
Take a look at your company website on your smartphone. If it doesn't look good, consider developing a simple mobile version of your site.
Is it important to distinguish #genderqueer from #agender and #neutrois if we use #nonbinary?
Bocelli's new album rung sweetly as I walked to work this morning... so much left to accomplish.
GETTING IN BED WITH THE CLICKER...NOW...
suggest reading Clayton Christensen's "Innovator's Solution" for understanding corporate innovation.
yummy & no artificial color.
I only really use it online or on my iPad...sry :-/
I'm a female Fe=Iron Male=Man Therefore I'm Iron Man
Everything was so perfect and awesome!
Question for the tweeps: How do you think data.gov (U.S.) compares to data.gov.uk ?
"any chips or cookie drink" lady at subway gets me every time
It's the first official day of winter! Hopefully it doesn't get too cold over the holiday.
Hola, Ya'all! 2nite in The ATX - Saxon Pub 10pm - We wimmin' will be Rockin'. Hope to C YOU...Miss Z
"Im totally addicted!! I play it every time Im able and the farthest level I've gotten to is 7 lol best game ever! :)" by Stephanie
“: I so much prefer holding a print of my photos rather than looking at them on a screen.” agreed
Looks like im finally the friend that on the rise ;) i like this change
DEFINETLY AGREE! I THINK PPL THAT SAMPLE ARE MAINLY PEOPLE WHO'S NOT GOOD WITH CHORD PROGRESSION & MELODY! RT. I DO CONCUR!
you still going to Oshkosh?
For tax purposes, a limited liability company can elect to file as a C corporation or S corporation
of course...perfect so far....I got Harvard winning the "fencing four" (you'll see everything on espn later)
getting ready for the J-O-B...... i am so boring
I don't want that big shit! Need that young fly shit.
I ma happy. I've got my mommy!
are you coming down today?
Jim Nantz, please stick to golf cause it's ok to be boring in that & UConn, please put your ghetto kids in the back to hide them on stage!
Hah, you should hear how mad I get. I'm like that faggot on the other teams using the M16!
you have never given me a reason not to be. (OG stands for original gentleman) haha
Just registered for the American Psychological Association's national convention in Orlando..... But August seems such long time away.
no problem
Dennis the Menace is on!! Boy oh boy!!!!
hey I am trying to wake up. You look very beautiful today
Best concert Since red rocks!
Follow back, please?<3
If #Seattle is not deluged with snow tommorow, after 4 days of hype, I'll be VERY disappointed! Planning to build a big fat snowman ...
Flacco's 1st on the list of People Who Think They Should Be 1st.
Cool, I just ordered a bunch of free material and donation boxes for #Movember when we decide on this get-together.
RT : I love that one! RT : David Foster Wallace's classic essay about A must-read....
In Myrtle Beach for McLeod Health American Girl Fashion Show for the children's hospital. Then back to Florence for High Five Alive!
Are you crazy!!!? I was just saying how that was her best video ever!! That's crazy. We watched it at the same time lol.
The questions on stackoverflow about Android programming are way dumber than the questions about Haskell.
Happy Halloween!
Bahahaha I know. He's freaking out a little at my departure.
Today was an especially #goodday! This morning I was so sad and I ended the evening
Airport this early, not my thing, ill miss you dad.
On the way to Boston to visit family before I hit the road again
we here at domu love (we mean: LOVE) frozen desserts. And you can't beat a good discount.
Happy Christmas to you! Hope you're having a good one.
Next week is so crucial
Silver Stars are 4-0 for first time in franchise history after beating Phoenix Mercury 101-99.
Self-care--remember to schedule some down time for YOU so you can be a better parent for your children.
When verified "domestic," foxes will be reclassified as "Vulpes familiaris." Trut was very clear, despite journal papers.
- Very fascinating, I love my job...and that is awesome! I love sports memorabilia!
project today? Haha
Wahoooos! RT : So apparently it's national taco day I need some damn tacos
Another 2000th tweet dedication to for being such a sweet friend and letting me borrow 4 seasons of friends!!!
Also, yes, Song 1 has driven me to listen to "I Only Have Eyes for You" in, like, all of my spare time. Preferably with all the lights off.
praying away! NC weather is crazayyyyyy so I know we will be fine :)
Today in Literary History: On March 13, 1941 Elizabeth Madox Roberts (Kentucky novelist and poet who wrote UNDER THE TREE) died in Florida.
street food in LA is kind of cheap. Depends on what you're eating. Sushi? no. Tacos? Yes. cc;
Working on re-recording songs for the 'Thinly Veiled Album'...motivation level is low. :( Hopefully I will be able to bust out a few...
with a new twitcon as well!!! lol
“: Broncos meet with Center Jeff Saturday but no deal yet. Former CSU TE Joel Dreesen visits today.”
Working the rest of the day, Fairs & Festivals coachin with me starts This Sat!
Cool thank you!
Great way of putting it, I'd love to hear an example of one.
Wandering on a CA college campus today & thought I saw Michael Fitzsimmons reading poetry under a tree.
Grabbing a quick cup of coffee w/ my #EO buddy Always good to get his perspective.
Dont wanna be in my life ? Ill happily enough hold the door open and watch you fucking leave !!
see u soon beautiful man of my future
Trying my best;-)
Driver says someone coming from Embarcadero station. Glad there isn't an emergency!
great to see what you guys are doing! We're happy to help in any way we can
i am woman, see me rickroll
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
I heart super big time
So I only need 5 hours of sleep now. That's the plan? Just let me know. Kthxbai.
": waiting for you to text back << death"
I think as long as you still got it. It seems Paul does. RT : When is too old to perform? ever?
Someone once told me that I could be anyone I wanted to be... Turns out...that's called identity theft...
GooD MorninG,All,Love u So Much:/-i
So excited to begin Bud Not Buddy with iMacs this year...searching images about the Great Depression
Some people have asked about my other books being an Ebook-soon they will all be-it's a process yet...but give me about a month hopefully :)
tell her go home this is her 3rd day there lol jk but really she has haha
Got my new tattoo! :D it's not finished yet but the outline is done :)
get it
Thanks pumpkin. Cause u right though it ALL. I always stay TRUE 2 MYSELF! #Always!
Why am I watching Americas best dance crew, Is this really what my life has come down to?
favorite childhood memory ? shout out to roxana esquivias (:
Good morning everyone!
Lmfao! Get a hobby :D
Merry Xmas 2 those that make me better
Bodog Head Jim Philip Leaves Post at NovaGold Resources Inc
The feeling of knowing you can go home and not have to worry about school the next day
Nonsense. RT : ya!! What if they hate me and I'm not a favorite any longer!?!
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
what was it
The other 28% is skeleton(and she likes to bone), muscle&fat(the legend)
Yey babysitting my two year old niece :D
I swear I just saw Janet Jackson. Pretty sure it was just a homeless tranny...but I could have put money on it being Janet!
Songwriter round-robin shows are perfect. Dave Pahanish. Brian McComas. Chas Stanford. Aaron Benward. Nashville Unplugged shows = love.
oprah has a favorite tree.. o
will do girl! Xoxoxoxo
make me bitxch
Alright. Have a spot across the street from Met Gala. Here we go. Nina Dobrev just arrived.
you can never have too many boys.
Tent's going up!!!
ON MY WAY TO VIRGINIA WITH MY SCHOOL<3 16 hours to go(:
just heard via meghan and sarah that you're on Top Chef. Good luck! I've never watched, but i will now and cheer my face off!
thanks! it went well!
Our mission is to stregthen and grow the region<U+0092>s technology community through education and relationship development.
working on JSB sinfonias in spare time; u?
I DO LOL
literally tattooed on his dick, yeah. the "M" got fucked up cuz he got a boner. you should post a pic of your sleeve when its done
Should add, I have seen some in DALN that are pretty "colorful" in that regard. So well within possibility that it will be taken.
Hey buddy! Happy Birthday!!!!
sweet we shall have to meet and talk smack about
what's wrong with the white and pasty look?
Fleury is standing on his head
No worries, we're cool. Gotta do what I can to get my fix before I'm at Spring Training for 6 weeks.
Searching the library's catalog, you'd think "exile" is a word only used by scifi writers and Osama bin Laden's unofficial biographers.
Congratulations to youtube user: xxhaleyainnie4xx please email your address so we can ship you your game :D
#TheLabNYC is going to be JUMPING today, with 1st timer making an appearance, and alum dropping in :)
I will be cleaning windows in Santa Fe tomorrow. Snow Does not slow me down!
Y am I AWAKE!
isn't it past your bedtime??
personal reasons
So an atheist and a believer walk into a garden....
The Listerine Zero, Clean Mint is the freshest mouth rinse and no burning sensation because no alcohol!
Book looks great; been looking for a book like this for required reading for my frosh seminar.
Hey guys. I got you guys as a reference from Hunters. My band for my wedding dropped out and I am getting married in june.
I just need a hug
HEY! we have a NEW song called "Circuits" that going to be posted soon! our next tweet will have that song! SO listen to it and retweet it!!
So freakin mad
u found her
Ha ha. Conan just busted out the live-action Angry Birds. Awesome
#NM_Mania12 Hats and shirts are for sale! Contact AANM to reserve your hat/shirt combo today!
'Journalism is sometimes about footnotes, we write something small to say something big'
Yeah. Tweets are so much better. :-p
i can
Awesome : Get ready Baltimore: 5,000 pre-k kids heading out on a field trip...all on the same day! Thurs. is PreK
Thanks for the Happy B-Day ^.^
u know what i just thought of caden?
Missing #fye2012! Great friends, great presentations. So inspired. See you next year
I would like to echo 's statement earlier of "Merde," however instead I need to replace "France" with "coworkers"
Aw ((: Yayayay! I'm so excited!! I'm sure its going to be gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, I love your bio as well!! Happy #FF!!
I know it's been too long!
Thank you for following us! Stay posted for updates leading us to our summit meeting in Boca Raton this October.
Thinking about Ghetto Shakespeare...a classical/modern mashup
you should creep on me! Haha
Awesome show last night! Heading now to Fort Meyers, Florida, then Disneyworld, and then a 24 hour drive to Texas....
I always wake up so cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
uh oh those may be fightin words
You're welcome! You're going to have a blast and I'm confident the team will do well!
Even in a room full of ppl, mostly feel alone
I hate when I have breakdowns. =/
why are you stealing my Google search glory: Courtney Rowe Communism?
killin it tonight at One Eyed Jacks. Had a great time playing with yall!
#onlyratchetgirls go to store wit a night scarf on and house shoes
Finally able to make a Ducks hockey game against Columbus. Downhill racing tomorrow and Supercross tomorrow night then Hockey again Sunday.
I'm in Santee where it gets really hot. The pool sees a lot of action during those summer months.
N/P
UPDATE! BULLETIN PASS NOW GOOD UNTIL MIDNIGHT! Ignore the "11pm" cut-off....PRINT AND GET HERE NOW!!!
Whether it’s a treat for you or a gift for a client, much detail goes into selecting just the right look to complement our toffee.
Hi Jules, I hope you come by our booth! Lots of good gluten free cookies to sample =)
Come to charro, tamarind margaritas are good
your too blessed to be stressed. Let go and Let God!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I like tht you should get tht
I love watching shitty movies.
Celebrate suds! Today is International Beer Day! Our craft-style beers are only $3 ea from 5-7pm
I can't fathom that being the reason why. can I phone you? or are you doing your stupid homework?
I need your take on Goodman saying www will decide on what mkg will do. Right or wrong tweeting that and does it hold water?
I just don't understand what I've done to make my life suck.
God does not expect us to always agree but He does expect us to love & respect each other.
I'm saying hello to me today. :)
my aunt said that it heels by itself
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
sounds good buddy!
I wonder what percentage of Terminal 5 should be labeled 'obstructed view' ie 'can't see fuckall'?
hits everyone the same way. The series finale will leave you feeling like you have nothing left to live for
love ya too. xx
Robert Cunard just saw the Editorial he booked for Runway Magazine Featuring his model Brian Patrick Kehoe and Stephanie Pratt.
Yes. All. Weekend. Long.
“It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are
Looking forward to meeting my neighbors this weekend - I'll be out and about...all over District 7
What would you do if I told you that I lalala love you?
Causing so much problems why you doing that? Ripping people's hearts out you too cute for that.
barely any snow during winter... heavy snow when it's almost spring...
Twitter > Facebook.
I also recommend Hikari Mart (S. Clinton & Gregory) to anyone who wants to get a house key cut but doesn't want to leave the city.
Knock knock
Playing with tomorrow night at !
that sounds delightful. Now I'm hungry again! Lol
Sick good #fringe finale but standard jj abrams cliffhanger
...ill be here
#MyResolution i will be more spontaneous!
Saw some dude running with a dozen eggs in his bath robe.
me too! One of these days all this useful information about celebrity nonsense will pay off for me, maybe.
Thanks. I was like c'mon!! How do I get them shits?
(they have multigrain ranch now.........)
30 minutes til I clock out !
Can't wait for tonight! It's gonna be poppin!!
Wish I could sing.
Chillin bout to go out looking crazy i hope no one sees me....but it never fails lol
Im not down to call her!
Few live male teens in evidnce - the "Grow yr own Boyfrnd" my teens now reconstituting in H2O doesn't hold mch promise
Some people are so fucking annoying
Listening to Hammy and Rosie on my iPad- Love it!
I just completed a 1.47 mi run with a 12:58 min/mile pace using
Enjoying some Barnes & Noble time with the fam
Accidentally erased my entire work inbox. Well, nuts. Good thing I was caught up on e-mails?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Yes. Resveratrol is found in red wine. Many of the health benefits attributed to red wine can be credited to Resveratrol.
On my official FB Bandpage I got 14 tracks up feat Tilk, TFo, Mo Henni, meat, Rick da don the list goes on F#ck Wit Me ! FREE DOWNLOADS >GO!
Old n' busted: Running into your teacher at the grocery store. New hotness: Running into your bartender at the grocery store.
"Did you know you're only 229,500 points away from cool prizes?" .-. Cause that's so little.
NEW 2012 Price list. Find it at our website or request it to be sent via email.
yes, and I'm glad we're on the same page. I'm gonna go Back to watching the voice now.
It never surprises me now how low segments of humanity can go. I'm surprised when there's no sign of utter degradation. :)
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION! :D :D
If you're always guided by other people's thoughts, what is the point in having your own?
Happy #FF to these hooligans too!
Visiting #dharamsala in #india in a few weeks. Any suggestions for must-see spots or activities?
what the......nice dress, i'm jellous
yeah not rlly im waiting for tht day my dad says ok were going to new jersey but trust me i no im going but idk when
Now I will attempt to watch the dvr'd south park during halftime
sorry for your loss.
btw if you want to do another giveaway, please let me know.
Impressed...how do you make that lil "squiggly-thing" over the n in pinata? :-p
For the moment.
I feel so loved! 99 followers and I havent even had a twitter for 24 hrs! you guys sure know how to show love! --J
we realize we can look that way, but we're definitely not! are we causing slowness for your servers?
I'm honestly really smart. When you don't see me do shit in class, DONT assume I'm fucking dumb. I'm very intelligent.
Check out HD13 and Stan Helsing while at Comic-Con
Damn my grandmova mean as shit
RT!!!“: #Aries could stay up all night just thinking.”
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Lows in the mid 60s. Southeast...
All these couples in my school...like am I the only single freshman in this whole school!??
well they look awesome!
You're welcome
ROB WOUTAT | Of barbers, haircuts and heliocentrism - Kitsap Sun
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."~ Martin Luther King Jr. ;)x
Boobs and games are fun, Your rack is amazeballs
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 13
I have to keep turning off my car air conditioner because my contacts get dry when I drive
going swimming
my news channel showed owl and slam dunk guy this morning, weirdd.
Congrats Grad! (hated saying)RT : Just finished writing in my last blue book ever! So long #College! Hello whatever happens next!
RT : wnt something exciting for K Street? Check out at www.boqueriaca.com. Let the city & the mayor know yr opinion!
It's not flash versus html5. It's what best serves your need/purpose/audience.
My phone is really messed up -_-
Return to Moscow...
Yeah just read that. & we pick 2nd tomorrow. I like, I like. I can live w/ it too.
Attention #foodies - dinner at The Indigo Duck in Franklin was fantastic! Highly recommended.
Are you in town for it?
#whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! .
Happy birthday to my beautiful bride and wonderful mama. Your the absolute best darlin.
Thanks Ben! I'll take you up on that.
Is everyone elses account acting crazy?
Did you get a chance to check our trax out? Orphanz™
Starbucks Coffee participates in Florida by offering FREE Cup of Coffee with no purchase necessary. Posting January, 2012
Aptar Pharma celebrates asthma day with a twister™ of innovation - Packaging Europe
lost 2.2 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 22.8 pounds so far.
How awesome after baseball practice I sat on a fire ant hill
Adiós Thanks for coming to this year's #prsms!
I'm up :) we're almost the same age, I turn 19 next month. We could find stuff to talk about :) what's up girrrrlll?
right? The fact that they're all laughing and smiling around it all. Disgusting.
New fan of #meangirlsmassage in South Seattle. FTW
Yes I'm tawkin bout bitches
Happy Monday, tweeters! 4th of July is creeping up, what's your plan for the weekend?
Cant get KC tickets through ticketmaster, obvi....well, thats a bitch pain in the ass.
Noeleen: If kids are affected, pick a mom to speak.
Best of luck Brandon! You're going to do great today.
Well shit, I miss you.
It's 106 in Las Vegas (but only feels like 101....). The hacker crowd is starting to fill the hotel for Defcon.
Landed, now time to drive home, shower, change, head ti Christmas Party....
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM NEKKIDTEES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
whos autograph is that because it looks just like how i sign my name
Glad to be followed by
what does that mean? Besides the part where it sounds like a slur?
On my way to independence Iowa
My sister said her friend took a pretty pic of a rainbow and my mom says "I can make a rainbow MYSELF"
Omg i gotta use the restroom now !
I think I just came up with a new level of journal article revisions--how does 'catastrophic revisions' sound?
Slept like all day.....not sleepy at all!
Have not forgotten about you. Want to follow up on E4E event in NYC and advisory panel. Interested in a concept paper on the former
Fakest of the fake
that's no way to treat your girlfriend
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
My mother produced, protected, pushed, and shaped me. Her love has been unconditional and inspirational. Thank you.
I just want to buy more and more shoes. <U+E13E><U+E31A><U+E12F>
There is obviously no stopping KNKT..
money over men, oh yea
I'm glad you lived to tell the tale. That guy's a real animal!
Don't know why I'm not on website but I'm.looking forward to letting know who I am today. As a vet I'm proud to b running
walk to work, so I feel more like Pete Campbell...
Hey Austenites, you all should check out My new favorite thing.
it was super fun.. girl I got bad news. DM Me
developing major affection for St. Lawrence Market neighborhood...reminiscent of Gansevoort...I have a weakness for industrial buildings!
John don't talk shit when you have the biggest fables
how my face looks to you&what you think of it!! can back me up if she wants!!
Love every other time they speak of Artest/World Peace - they say one name or the other...hilarious!
damn. they're getting everybody ! is syed in there? loll
Merry Christmas everyone...
#SignsAPersonCantCook if they say life without microwave would be meaningless
LOOOOL they are getting so famous here it sucks
Put something in your window so we can find it and throw pebbles to get your attention.
I'll be 20 minutes, I go to the store.
Man, calling in day two. This blows. No money in the bank this week <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Casey Coleman has arrived at Miller Park.
Supreme Court denies Psystar's appeal in Mac clone case (Josh Lowensohn/CNET)
congrats man. Enjoy your time off and best of luck to you both
Omg omg omg freaking out!
#twitterpeopleIlove Well this is easy! I love everyone! <3
Now, response from chair Anders Walker. For Gillmer: links betw marriage bans in Wash. & US South? Status of common law marriage?
Carol just walked by with cute curls to much compliment from us all, she responded by saying... "Bouncing and Behaving!" New fav quote!
Leaving for NYC on wed a few meetings with some major people.. Get at me if you are looking for that industry sound like no other...
Again, "Monkeys, cats and dogs" does not imply that each is all. It means that there are all 3 present.
Heading to NYC to tape an interview w/ re: Muhal Richard Abrams, then on to & Bill McHenry at the Vanguard.
So since the #FloridaPanthers are done - I am now officially a fan for the playoffs - gotta root for the local team.
Underground Television is on the air!
another story for another time but LOLING at your text still
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention I play call of duty.
Make sure you fill out our Cinco de Mayo survey to win a cool prize like free Sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence Day in Sept.
editing more #MichaelsMatch and uploading the second #ZimboFilms production onto withoutabox.
Ephesians 1:20 "[God] worked in Christ when he raised him from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places,"
Want autographed Ray Lewis jersey? Buy a grape slush@ Sonic #Baltimore #Annapolis >proceeds go2 Ray's Foundation+ chance 2win jersey
When I asked my boyfriend what he meant by MMORP, he gasped as if I'M the nerd in this relationship. I better learn to play
Feeling weird... but T.G.I.F.!
Cablevision Falls After Discounting Leads to Cash Flow Drop - BusinessWeek
Eat balls, Philly
Thanks for the follow!
Offered to take along in the Specs van, but he said he'd rather fly.
glad to know.
lakers will not trade Bynum specially not for a guard
Oh hush. (but thank you!)
well u seem excited
Your so mean what can I say it's
nope. he doesnt even know Im alive, sadly..
#BieberFact Once when Justin was walking with Jazzy, the paparazzi came...so he picked her up and ran home... Aw justin <3
Paul Silas is fired? Color me shocked.
I agree!
super shoutout to for running AMAZINGLY fast PRs in the 400
Hopefully, what are the dates? RT: Thanks for the shout out Bianca! Hope to see you this October at the...
Now a dude with a 10 million dollar pool
Follow me so I can DM you.
Remember people tweets are just general statements that you feel a lot of people would agree on, like open opinions nothing personal
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.” ~ Marie Curie
i am saddened :C
welcome to MIAMI Dolphins
not good!!!
oh, good! you guys owe some percentage of $56 to French Paper.
#superfan #DogTheBountyHunter I'm waitin for those famous words "Git 'er Leland!" :) Love you guys
When's spring break??(: #curious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
actually you yelled it as us but still ;-)
Come on! School isn't THAT bad! Check out our site for resources to help you out!
lol -___-t but really tho idk how to turn them on.
Growing tip: Give trees that were planted within past three years 25 gallons of water a week, equal to 1.5" of rain.
Merry Merry Christmas DALE
It's all good. All grain is intimidating as well as fascinating. Part of the allure and the reason I'm doing mini-mash!
#weightloss philly peeps/non philly peeps interested in a weight loss challenge contact me
me too!
Planet of the Apps presentation with Ben Henderson of Firefly Logic
Getting some outback for dinner :)
STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF BECAUSE THERE ARE VERY FEW PEOPLE WHO WILL ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOU.
sucks for you guys. I got paid lol
One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life
Today is gonna be hell.
trying to determine if sleeping would be a better choice than going to optional recitation to see my extremely attractive TA.
Thanks King Craig!
i was just gonna tweet Cawl me
"The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." - Stephen R. Covey
watching packers at up north bar- I'm sure some sort of hilarity is to follow. TJay look alike in bears shirt. Should be fun!
I just made risotto by putting microwave rice in creamy soup. James Beard award, please. I'll be at my desk.
oh you crack me up everytime!
I was under a 3 month sublet
- so you know?
Oh crap. What have I just gotten myself into?!?!
. If you already receive emails from us, you're signed up for #reverb11! We have just one email list.
for real!!!
Also, we have to recognize that at the time of the Founding Fathers, they DIDNT KNOW SQUAT ABOUT AUTISM
right here! What up, man?
Last night was fun Af, & all I could think about was my Summer nights gonna b full of those
Quick fact about me: if I try to take pics of anything but dogs or booze they come out blurry.
please take this time to rest, pray and reflect on what's important in life. Wishing you a full recovery!
Damn Game 1 was that important. Series changer and this time it went the way of #OKC. Game 2 not looking good...
Crap. Need to take a final progression shot for my blog... Should have done that this morning
11 days until our big concert! I'll be staying close to my to-do list.
Calling all blogueros(as)! For a limited time we will add your site's feed to a category of choice when you create a Kuento profile.
you got skype?
I'm not feelin this! Got a wicked headache and I'm tired, but I'm tryin to do this workout
Spectacular, Amazing, Beautiful, Extravagant... just of few (could list many more) adjectives to describe the ESTATE!...
Several new shirts being added this month. Designs already made, just working on the final products!
I get sad cause I miss what we had, I feel angry cause you betrayed me, I feel hopeful in finding someone that will value me.
can't wait to get my haircut.
No, I guess I signed up for that obnoxious troll site and that's what I got...notices of who unfollows me. And I don't care.:)
HA! Clam Jam. This Friday. One night only.
Can't believe the layout would perform perfectly in some bad one like IE6... I'm saying this cuz I've found this problem a couple of days...
The loss of Borders has struck a blow against bored husbands on shopping trips the world over.
Waited most of the evening trying get correct versions of ruby and ruby gems installed on my MacBook to run spree. No such luck.
You are very right Steven. It is very important society give them a chance on a normal life!
trying to fill the void with material things is not acceptable.
Oh Friday how I love thee!
Says prayer for What kinda show is this she got me watching? *folds prayer mat for comfort*
Completed analysis of oil industry. All were quick to shame oil co. profits. Reality is they pay 3x their profits in taxes and rights fees.
They told me to sell my mothafuckin soul, I asked what's the budget...
I don't even care about flowers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks for spreading the word!
It's almost been 4 hours, missin' and :(
Who sleeping in late 2morrow?
Marine Corps birthday today. Ooorah!!
Lmao you a fool man
Copycats! Rice University sold it's radio station and hid it from students MONTHS ago!
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film.
No! I don't hate RobPat but don't want him as Finnick. RT : Robert Pattinson. Catching Fire. Finnick?! NO. NEVER. PLEASE NO.
you're welcome! I've really enjoyed your music. Neko's band was backing up Dylan...they are great!
that's too bad. maybe another time.
well how do you know me?! I go to Hayes so Uhm?!
Justin is so amazing referee if you agree
dudes, i just carved the ugliest pumpkin. oh well.
I wouldn't miss the whole state of Minnesota if it burned to the ground. Sorry, but it would be no great loss
Straight home after work! No exceptions!
SAT analogy for the day: Triple-wide strollers : sidewalk :: SUV's : Road
Due to the problems reported last night, this afternoon's matinee of EVITA has been canceled. Performances will resume this evening.
Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> especially
High 5s to the beloved #Starbucks team:
We're talking #Dolphins and #Heat on the show. Call Troy now at 888-640-9385. Watch him online at
I like the look of that desk, but it's not exactly a work desk. More like, pay bills by hand desk. Not enough surface area.
UUUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH. Fuck you 2000 word essay and double fuck you to my 4000 word essay. I can't write either of you.
just found out about ! Welcome to mommydom. You make a beautiful mom and made a beautiful baby boy.
who calls that with 10 seconds left!!!
Wahhhh… I can't sleep, anyone know a good lullaby???
What a great day to be a mobile computer technician in
Likewise! Thanks for your artful moderation of the panel! RT : Great meeting you yesterday!
haha I have a sigma dp2 and a lot of times I can't tell the difference from it and my 35mm
haha most definatley!! i bout cried i was laughin so much!!
is the gayest kid i know
Hey Austin Look at my profile @ SuzyMahone6 please and thanx and tell if u like what i say
Can't wait!
Lol oh you done got aggressive huh? nothing I can't handle. You never Dm your #
Trevor put his foot on this beat!!!
// that's both a relief and a bummer
I was maybe 8, suburb kid, visiting the city for a party, saw kids break dancing to MCA still hear the music. Thank you.
I'll be up at 2 for fire watch mise well not sleep since I'm not tired
Moving on Monday. I can hear/smell Wrigley from the new apartment's deck. It is amazing. Anyone wanna help us move? 11am at our place.
Pretty good, was little stressed with finals. but I'm good :)
Thanks And outstanding job by you during today's webcast on #LinkedIn adult recruitment.
I feel like FAB brushed it off and the real topics weren't touched...outcomes=how can we as artist contriube past music
Happy Star Wars Day..... May the 4th be with you!
what's goodie!
Does anyone know a way to view the activity of that external applications that I have 'connected' to my twitter account?
with a $200 million payroll, they should be winning!
True. And isolated failures are easily absorbed. But it's insane that VCs are throwing good money after bad product.
GET IN THE WATER!!
uhh ohh Daniel's about to go on a tweeting frenzy.
Took a "me" day. Mani, pedi, movie, took a bath. Time to celebrate life. Cheers!
I think it could go either way don't you? I know you are a Stanford fan!!
just catching up on your feed, so happy that you've met a nice guy! This is beautiful!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled." ~Plutarch
Hamels is all business today. I'd call it practically impossible to break this guy. #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!!
That awkward moment when you’re spacing out, and then suddenly realizing you’re staring directly at a guy.
These people on my bus get on my LAST nerves.
OK now lets see if he will show up. That guy is a joke.
Never look back. If Cinderella went to pick up her shoe, she wouldn’t of become a princess.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! up to 65% off!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Sore throat and cough you're wearing out your welcome. You've been around for over a week. Ugh!
Listening To Christmas Love:)!, Christmas Music In January:)..,Love It. I LOve FOLLOW ME:)
"I've got one good leg, two good ears, and a bag full of memories!" - 96 yr old grandma
RT NCMO (Nik-Mo) (n): non-committal make-out. The term is widely used at BYU over the seemingly "dirtier" term "hooking up."
Everything is a two way street. Figure it out.
Calling ALL #WorldHistory geeks. What's a good name for a cup that represents World History? Aka "Stanley Cup"?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 18
Long eur/jpy and Short crude
today is a beautifull day
“: combing my hair is not a good time”
One of my favorite quotes is by "U win some & you lose some. It's important to move on & focus on new goals down the road".
RT : Kids are losing the concept of innovation. Sometimes kids are more creative when #gaming than in the classroom....
WSJ: Facebook's Wall Street Tour Kicks Off - Wall Street Journal
I'm NOW accepting new clients! Message me if you're interested.
Our group's company pitch won OVERALL FIRST PLACE in our entrepreneurship panel! Dream team magic with Pooja & !
Just did a webinar. Just when I hit my stride someone else started talking and we couldn't mute him. At least he was talking about work!
got one from you
"Rednecks" - Randy Newman
This isn't really a show about Sasquatch people on , is it?
ready to shop and get my girls pretty as A Daisy for Easter bunny day
#IHungUpBecause I was with friends and decided to stop being rude by being on the phone
NO I'm DVR it cause I'm watching my Cowboys.
Visual Effects will probably be Hugo... #Oscars... Maybe I'll get one right...
My 11th grade English teacher Jesse Hawkins wrote on my paper, "You're a gifted writer. Considered journalism?" It made all the difference.
Just because I am nice to you...does NOT mean I'm flirting with you...
RT : Bucks win 107-98. Ellis with 30. He will now fry a steak on his right hand and eat dinner.
Watching and his sons as they become men.
Can I just spend the next sixteen days at home watching Doctor Who and then show up at graduation?
Happy #FF to a new follower. Thx.
Look out for the KOOP Radio table at Barton Creek Sq. Mall Farmers Mkt today till 1pm. Plz stop by and say hello!
hi darling!!
Well, good for you. You might want to keep that to yourself! You make me cringe. What happened to self respect?
Sad to hear about Whitney Houston such a tragedy
Exec Editor Dan Flannery will present first Shadid Ethics Award to Steve Lovejoy
love that restaurant. You have to try the tequila flight
YES! That's my man!
You always have to have a Plan B. I have free gourmet samples for ya!
Thanks or following me on tweeter and add me as friends! =)
#favmoviequote "You Can't Handle The Truth!"
back to the hotel. Gangsta.
damn. Just left the house w/out the card. Im such a mess! Hope you have a great date tomorrow!
Happy Monday! What do you plan to accomplish today?
And who is that?
If I was told I could only get my news from I'd have no problem with that.
smoking tea? Like in a pipe?
Congratulations to Cedric Golden of the Austin American Statesman - Best Sportswriter according to readers of the Austin Chronicle, and us.
NY Rangers played thru a Game 7, and won the next game. Lakers played thru a Game 7, then got torched. I guess this doesn't work in the NBA.
Thanks! We're so happy to be part of the neighborhood!
I would but I'd pretty much watch any race
Happy Groundhog Day? What is a Groundhog anyway?? A squirrel?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuh, I know I shudnt have gotten involved with u again....
no problem, I will miss your imagines a lot though :(
After the third time you ask someone to repeat something and you still can't understand them, just nod your head and smile.
Holla at ya boy Sunday 2-6pm Scottsdale AZ Metro Park DJ DBX Come through...PEACE
Tom, I'm not too excited about severe chances for us. Dew points will be very low.
cool, are you coming in for sxsw / interactive? I'm sure I'll be hanging around town, so feel free to hit me up anytime
Love the support!
Working with Cole Williams album cover photoshoot today! :-) whop whoop
Wasn't he a bishop in the early church?
Celebrate earth day tomorrow at Beehive Co-op (1831 Peachtree). Green living tips and a gift for any customer who comes to the store.
You should watch it, lol. I screamed.
For those who say that one can't be successful and have anything they want in life is clearly mistaken.
Made my night!
Oh! #AvengingSpiderMan looks f'n INSANE good. That teaser OBC on the Marvel books is a great teaser for the book. Well done.
Rick Siskey – Bigger is not better, it’s just bigger.
a Swedish massage with medium pressure would be perfect with someone with MS
Pizza on jeans from last night bad idea
Playing angry birds while sitting on a toilet
"Young Guard Money Hogs" is our name
awesome movie :)
You & are cutest couple ever. Awww, thanks for keeping our Jason happy. Love you Jordin :)
I'm gud but thanks
1 week till school....
Kristin Lavransdatter has been on my to-read list for *years* ... maybe I'll get to it this year. ;)
there are so many things I would rather be doing then homework....
A very tight handle indeed.
#FF Thanks for the mention!!
#NameTuesday second worst day of the week!
Lol, skidded across the road and almost died. Good day.
thnx and cool I'm excited
RT : According to tattoos, “Douchebag” is a tribe with many proud members.
What do you mean you can't ask Siri? HA!
Perhaps create a consortium for small nonprofits a la early United Way/Community Chest fundraising model
when u done nigga
Facebook is a personal portable panoptic hybrid. The platform is disciplinary, yet UI is indicative of control.
Our new Creative Director for Polar Graphics started today! So far, he seems like a really fun guy!
alright, you eating cactus? WTH?
Shame on AP Political leaders.. who don't have minimum concern about children's safety in SCHOOLS...
thanks for keeping up with us!!! New cd in the works, will be available soon!!!
you don't have to do it all in 1 day! Plenty of time to plan! I say the most important would be booking the venue first
Who handles the money? How is it apportioned? Was this a GA-approved decision? Can you point me to more details?
": #GolsonforNDquarterback2012" haha what time is you game on?
Just saw #Americanreunion...it was hilarious. It's been too long since the REAL last one...not counting the straight to DVD flicks.
The Devil Wears Nada
Cartoons: The only place you can wear the same outfit every single day and nobody cares
Demands??????? Better to eliminate myself from the problem
Are Americans the only ones with seasonal foods?? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
it's funny how you're lieing to Laci & being shady and going behind everyones back.
sure you do...
Do you have any business women specials. Like, for business women?
Coffee & pandulce for breakfast. I love my grandma :)
debunked ? You have been debunked as human being.
Keeping up with the latest food/diet trends is impossible because it changes week to week. Do the correct and healthy low carb diet
Off to & Chad's. When I asked what I could bring, Sam said my pretty face & a good joke. Hm I need a good joke & fast... ;-)
RT : In 47 hours and 7 minutes, Teddy's Burger Joint In Plainfield will be open for business.
that child WILL be made fun of.
rap to the end of time lets go
Are you ever going to follow me? Because I'm starting to lose hope that you will...:(
Need prayers and healings for Cousin Ray still critical has a fever, still on respirator, dialysis, kidneys not working, trying to wake up.
Follow Your Dreams Nd Listen To Ur Heart? ... Right Right
I've been twice. First time was awesome. Second time was ... odd. Food was good but the waiter was a weirdo. Good food and wine.
RT : If coffee is how you begin each morning, make sure you do it right. Support your local coffee shops.
Brendon finally gave me my fone back :))))))))))
justin are u still in new york?
Thank you Secretary for tweeting abt National Teacher Day! There are MANY teachers at BAA deserving thanks!
yea thats wassup!!! I ain't even going in expecting nothin I ain't lookin for no money!!! All I want them to do is expose my music.
I AM tired of seeing everyone with their couples
Almost stopped there last night. We were at the Norwin Slow club for a b-day party. Been wanting to check that one out.
M bacon. Bacon good.
I know they both r selfless :) They do everything for everybody else to protect everyone.
You gotta past and I do too, we're perfect for each other..
I have no circle. What so ever
Just finished a great quarter at school. Good luck to any and all still studying!
The guys @ my new job just bought a giant gong.Every time a milestone is reached in the company they r going to ring it. Lol Love this place
The way it should be lol
there might have been a one direction song I kind of...really...maybe enjoyed.
Cecily:.. that's why I have to wait until morning Me: *types ok but auto correct messed up* Platter. *notices mistake* I meant okay
Beautiful day to have something to eat on the patio Breakfast is served, lunch is coming up. Dinner-n-drinks tonight!
don't we all? You live & learn.
that's true. We just need to win 1 at okc. I hate getting blown out though
Who in the fort is going down to B-town this weekend?
So who else wants to win a Free Dell Laptop? Sweepstakes will choose a winner on October 7th.....Get yourself entered in now : )
Hanging out with my boys and watching golf #good times
I ate Snickers Ice cream and bacon lmao! I burnt the popcorn on accident. I might go try again....
Thank you! I really appreciate it. Glad to know people are out supporting #LAthtr !
never gone change
Suite six flo. S/O and
House civil unions bill sponsor says he's unsure if much will change in special session, but has hope for a vote.
TIL half that people in Milwaukee smell like McDonalds.
Do you really think you can talk to me like that?
is polishing rocks, cushioning hard places, and waiting for the sun to rise.
Check out The Blackstone Hotel, a Sage Hospitality property
slept in a bit this morning...making up for yesterday i guess. #swaggie XD
Wish I could do something creative today.
There's nothing better than good drinks with good friends. It's #thelittlethings!
glad we could help! Contact us anytime with questions
Sorry.....i don't speak skank
yush and I guess
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” -Herman Cain
came across your blog today and have to say its looking good . Keep on moving, no pun intended.
In science class, he is so boring ._.
User:Vuu51no97 - Wiki of Indian Statutory Laws and the precedencs ...
everyday! I don't know why he thought that was a good idea.
We are so ready for Karaoke tonight! What's everyone's favorite songs to sing? - Bryan
Pain is something that hurts underneath the covers of skin.
She always fucking ruins everything.
they're yours! Just DM your email and I'll send them to you.
Don't forget this Feb 19th is VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar FL
Wishing all of our students, faculty, staff and friends a most happy and blessed Easter!
your only as old as you feel...
thanks Mark. a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind.
get it girl. STUDYY!
.all of a sudden everyone wants those LOngass nails Rihanna has (-.-)
I thought i was the only one with Kardashian intolerance. They assault me at Kroger!
so hype,going2 Manhattan Sunday feels like years i haven't gone.....
He is! I bet he has followed her around before......
John Koskinen, Chief Economist at the Wisconsin Department of Revenue, seems uncomfortable with random sampling.
After all said is done those who gave the most Are forgotten thank God I'm only here for a season time waits 4no1Custer had a last stand.
is wowing us!!!
Who's tried the Black Iron?
we should try to meet up tonight !
not even exagerating my stomach looks like i'm mixed and just went tanning...
Funny and true!
Wow, Paper from is the most beautiful sketching app I've ever seen. If you have an iPad it belongs on its home screen.
lmfao. just snapped on my 3 year old sister.
At the athletic banquet (:
Until you respect yourself your a bitch in my eyes"
New song commin out soon to YouTube Soulja boy Zan With That Lean Cover ...I'll update you all wen my new single land..
Let’s go see if we can make this little kitty purr.
Re: spider silk tapestry. Correction: opens Fri 6/3. Through Oct. See it!
#Health #Tip: Got more work than U can handle? Resist the urge 2 skip lunch. Taking breaks increases productivity & lowers stress!
10:01 pm time for some Chirimoya and White Chocolate Cremeux, Salted Caramel, Dark Chocolate Clouds and Crispy Meringue.
Thanks Will put this to good use on my blog.
RJ won't be playing tonight. He is attending a funeral.
Glad to see Dirk Nowitzki win NBA title. In sports, some players earn their title long before they hoist a trophy. He's one of those guys.
a team found their first site for the event in #RVA We'll keep the updates coming.
If you're joking around, wasting time and thinking shit is sweet, you probably haven't been tested. Today, I was... and I'm still here.
I like it! Thanks! You all are fast as a flash!
“Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need” Voltaire
sounds good to me! Looking forward to hearing back! #hublife =
psshhh later kid
Today was definitely an exhausting day
": Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's suppose to be loved."
Matty is behind the bar until 9 with 2-4-1 everything! Come on down....
$PVSP offers a feature-rich, low-cost, high-quality alternative to traditional phone services
Check out Coco Crisp's new pet!: ttp://www.fangraphs.com/not/index.php/photo-coco-crisps-new-do/
you read my mind. im wearing that today... haha
Had a great skype session with my students and Saundra Mitchell author of Shadowed Summers.
I only have one class tomorrow :-)
can I get you guys on the phone today?
I wish someone would take the "make my life more difficult" sign off my back!
I'm getting depressed I'd love to have hill here but I don't think we're going WR here
JAMES FORD RHODES (:
okay...I was I was good looking enough to be recruited by major firms who solicit adult natured at-home productions...lol
Oh stuart, I could go on for days about how priveleged the kids are now. Old person mode: engaged.
I gotta ask you all one thing: what if that supermoon hits your eye like a supersized pizza pie, is that still amore or a mess on the face?
A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit - Thomas Jefferson
it's true she is a master hacker!!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you'll be able to make it out for a #Coke soon :)
Hey Lords of the Wheel, why must you tempt me with really nice Corvairs for sale in the Chicago area? Saw a nice red 65 convertible today.
did you get my txt?
The challenge is when a league creates games after a team has already done so....
Acrl sharing future planning academic niche networking
STOKED! RT : getting ready to head up to pitt and visit for a few days!
what doesn't kill you makes me want to freak out beacause your not dead
Thank you... I appreciate the follow...
Wearing a dgk varsity jacket with chuck taylors while skating makes you look confused..
hey. not sure if I know you :p whats up?
Lawd I forgot about my cake for the weekend O_O *Calls cake lady*
Twitter, don't look at it as spilled juice. Look at it as an opportunity to clean up that mysterious brown dot on the floor near the fridge.
WHAT TWEETUP? WHY WASN'T I TOLD?
yeah, you can't tweet something like big without checking the facts!
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. -- Plato
When we look for the good in others, we discover the best in ourselves. ~Martin Walsh
KOMO-TV 4 at my home here in Portland... More cameras at PDX tomorrow... Producer in CA talking movie.
Lots of good pictures of the structures out there...may have been captured in the 1920 census, too.
anything TW goes=)
foundation - donated $13 million, match hours & dollars, volunteer teambuilders
We... Brave and Cubs lose. I think I will drink to that tonight. :)
If my music video made you laugh retweet it! I love you guys! Http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U_Nm0nOTro
based on that size, I wouldnt be suprised if it could see the future.
Woke up with about 33 texts on my phone. All from twitter.
we must do ALOT better, no excuses for that kind of hatred, very sad
Looking for full time, part time or contract work. Please let me know if you have any leads! Much appreciated! Thanks!
Bobby Steele played on my amp once. It was pretty awesome.
Anyone doing the #PolarPlunge this Sunday in #Muskego? If so, text PLUNGE to 35350 for updates/last minute info! We'll be there with prizes!
We are very excited that owner Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV! Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Oh dear.
but u know to me the #baddestchick was always the one I was with
OMG YOU GUYS I GOT KICKED OUT IF SCHOOL TODAY!
#nowplaying War --Summer. <U+E32C> I will never get tired of this song or War :')
Omg i have marta buses honking at me now -_-
A Sid without Geno is hardly a Sid at all:)
Aaaaannnnnndddddd the basketball tweets have started flooding my TL again............
Yes RT #mlamobiletech our IT prefer iOS over Android b/c there is too much variability w/n that OS for hosp security and support.
GOIN IN ON DIS RACKED UP SHAWTY!! S/O TO MY TEAM!!
I should have second breakfast more often.
Happy Mother's Day to the most amazing woman in my life. I owe everything I am to you.
yes! By 1 point. Rondo steals the inbound but C's couldn't get a shot!
Show me love, cause I thought it was all I needed"
Oh and I love my cat.
good game tonight, keep up the good work!!!!!
Fan me on a hot day...
Destroying rainforests for economic gain, is like burning a renaissance painting to cook a meal....
Sixers can win this tonight!
The first version is really just a test and then we will move into a more complex and well designed site. In any case, hope u enjoy for now.
The school I work for is up for re-accreditation next week. How am I preparing? Playing on Facebook.
I don't even know. I found a picture of Talladega Nights doin' the "shake and bake". Lol.
would love to see you & mix it up! Would make for exciting & bloody matchup!
Follow back cute :)
Everything popular is wrong. - Oscar Wilde
Author incentives: common advertising, usage logs for all authors.
So I leave at 10am tomorrow and I still need to wash all of my clothes and pack...
hey baby ¡¡¡ you're very pretty . What is your secret to always be perfect? ;) contest please
I typed 'dern' and it corrected it as dermis. da fuck is a dermis?
What's up with all the cops around? Its just rain
late nights with you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Boston was built out in the 1800s but a city built in the last 50 years can't keep the lights on for system upgrades.
A few days ago, I ride in a helicopter for the first time. It was an experience.
Amen to that. I've checked out. I'm over it. Meh. I never want to see Miller's face/hear his voice ever again.
Wynn Board Concludes Investigation of Okada after Receiving Freeh Report Detailing Numerous Apparent Violations of the FCPA.
Whatever, just whatever
Hey Detroit, I guess I need a job....
Pjs on, Christmas lights lit, the final Harry Potter film about to play and my tissue box is at the ready.
>>> I got a track for you... That I want u to get on
drop-in from your room window.
Lebanon, PA is on showtime right now. We did the audio post on this movie... is an awesome director!
They're making Battier look like a low post All Star. This is so painful to watch.
We're excited to have you on board! Hope and you make it all the way to New York for the !
"A smile means something different in my country. Ya know, tears of joy a smile of sadness."- Raj
At least you don't have to worry about covering your own name.
new word of the day: #twackling thanx Brian
KUUUUUUU....oh my bad. Yeah, too soon. RT : KUHN! What? Too soon? Yeah, okay. Too soon.
I have loved you for a thousand years, I will love you for a thousand more.
really lee... smdh
I'm considering using Flash for a new project. It's a good fit in this case, but I'm sorta embarrassed to use it for anything these days.
WHAT IS THIS SONG???
ok I goin weh the tv
giving her a dozen roses, 11 real and 1 fake, say I will love you until the last rose dies.;)
Me n my brotha tryna figure where to go drank
First: myspace: with drama and little kids Then: Facebook: ruined relationships, trifelin hoes Now: Twitter:stingypeople tryna be known
Nice #Drupal site. I really like Omega in it's HTML5 / Responsive iteration.
Is it ok if we DL some of the flickr pictures from #AirAustin? I see that they have "all rights reserved" for the photos.
Fml! i woke up at 5 today and im on spring vacation!
Received final approval to use the House of Steep trademark today!
Who says Sunday can be a FUNDAY! Come to Longworths!
And only Louisville native Ralph Beard had more career victories at UK by a native Kentuckian than Maysville's own Darius Miller.
I would like to see the lane family ASAP let your pops know
FRIDAY THE 13TH is always my lucky days for sum reason!? guess when ppl have bad day i have a gr8 day!? embrace the day!?
Wishing everyone a FABULOUS St. Patrick's Day Weekend! How are you celebrating?
The more patient I am with this girl, the more I'll get to see it develop into something great rather than rushing it and watching it fail.
's team Is great but its hard to focus on them when she keeps looking so hot.
Your welcome
oh are we gonna have sexy time dom? No right? :p
we don't have any -.-
Maybe its pic time :p
I dont go the ac..& Prob the same ppl as usual hoopin at the y
Naw, discussing dinner plans.
That's awesome!
#good #morning .
hey welcome to twitter casey. also i am iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back. :)
HeLLo RT : ": Your support has been amazing. To my design & creative team & ...
Its so nice outside :3
awwh!! No problem! “: Hey beautiful thank you for following me! :D”
Just signed on to represent Comodo's line of info security solutions. More details to come next week.
If you're going to wear sweatpants in public, at least have the decency to tuck in the pockets.
All you Carmona supporters: Do you REALLY support someone who would caucus with Harry Reid? REALLY? Get real.
So inform me then.
Breaking the day into 2 hour blocks to get through things. 1st block down, here's to accomplishing much in the 2nd.
I love rock n' roll, So put another dime in, The jukebox baby.
"How could you do this to me? You got my hopes up so high then mugged and shot them in a alley way!" haha oh Holy Musical B is hilarious
See, Scott's point proved once again. Another beautiful conservative woman! ;-)
Props to you ladies:) Not only are you hiking the entire #PCT but boated n biked from the east coast. What an adventure:)
no way! That's crazy man. Your group?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow You Cant Trust Everyone You Meet .
[again]... Still awaiting the video on
SHE LYING SHE PUT THAT BECAUSE I PUT THAT
Logan or Dupont Circle!
says he will sign scholarship bill (single sales) if it gets to him but predicts passage will b difficult.
Those ninja moves you make when you go through a spiders web.
ewwwwwww, you said y'all..
Housee Party!!!! Crazier than our old ones Do-Do! Dude my phones dying but for real I miss you & you should be here!
that great bro so wyd
Good morning Marc, thank you so much for the RT!
Chinese New Years at tonigh! With ! Check out our work! See you tonight!
RT My city was so poor growing up that Planned Parenthood was just a bicycle without a seat.
Whoa. Principal Belding.
I've never heard that before. Worth a try LOL
I was woken up this morning by police pulling some kid out of the dumpster at White Cliffs in Dover New Hampshire...I think he robbed IRVING
Um who did I talk to recently that totally called Jessie's Girl being a song on #Glee this season!
woke up today and noticed that myphone was turned off. So no alarm -_- and now i just notice i forgot my folder uhh
Wow I just went into another world!
The Singing Bee rocks out again tonight at 8pm/7central. God only knows what I'm singing tonight, but you bet your butt I'm enjoying it!
All i wanna know girl what you name is :)
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
My Twins! Of course!
There were 2 (kits? pups?) the other night coming out of their den. But they weren't raccoons so I didn't let them in my car
Methinks the #Twins deadline acquisition of Cabrera (.385, 8 RBI last 9 g) is paying big dividends! 1 game back!
oh ok
#wmata psa's are way too loud, too frequent, often irrelevant, sometimes misleading and wrong. please fix that to make trips less annoying.
Congratulations on the Pulitzer! WOW. Incredible storytelling with detail, emotion, fluidity. Thanks for writing her story
Wirtschaftsblatt? Yes, Austria's Business Daily just named The Secret of Teams to its Top 10 English Business Books list. Danke Schon!
congrats!!! Great play!
me too(;
I don't like the Minnesota Vikings, but it would hurt the if they left.
New show announcement! Playing Continental Club-Houston on July 9th! Hope to see many of you there, more details when we get them.
will u change where live on here?I don't want u to move to miami I want u to stay in San antonio alex needs u and we need u
lets go
this puppy keeps biting my toeeess! ouch!!!
PiG on tHe PaTio, sounds like summer in Philippines
Pimps don't cry.....
Really liking the new Xbox 360 Dashboard update
is headed to #dh2012 ! And and I will be evangelizing at #dhsi2012. Takin' it to the streets.
I'm good haven't talked to cody in a while tho :(
recorded with sarah quintana today. she is lovely and the world will be a better place with the release of this album. Ingrid Lucia too
why are you up? isn't it like two days from now where you are?
damn bored as shit, need someone to talk to
I'll probably be there around 11, so don't leave with mah cookies.
in the booth going crazy on this blow yo mind track
let us know how it goes!
if you ask me I'm ready
I Think its That and the MB Project
Where in the hell is
remember P.U.N.K.S ? Yeah it's on Netflix, I'll prob watch it tonight.
Woo! Nice going, mama!
I wanna have my own ranch and horses and shit but I also wanna live on the beach... Hmm
congrats on the new professor title. Well deserved.
if i had a dollar for everytime i think about u id be richer than bill gates:)
I hope I'm not getting sick
Time doesn't wait for you
she trains all the dogs that pass through my house to respect cats. Her nickname is the Queen of Sheba
FOLLOW STM ON TWITTER
hit me wit a follow mayne i gotta dm u.
when i cop the cd ima need a signed joint
Glad to see the #Bruins not letting down after making the playoffs. Still need to lock up 2nd place. Great spread of goal scorers/lines.
I can't even count the amount of times we locked ourselves out of our own house.
I'm totally down!!!!!. Ain't nothing gonna stand in my way lol
I see (hear) you rocking on big bro!! #cmonSon #90s #HipHop RT
* ,the out bursts of laughter in the middle of class
1st 6 wks are roughest. Hang in there. Sleep as much as possible *while* baby sleeps. 4 months is reward time: gurgly smiley...
"My body's calling for you" !
Thanks! That made my day! :)
You know you're old when you chuckle at the thought of being awake for a Midnight screening.
I get excited every time I'm alerted of a #JuicyCouture sale, and then I get disappointed when I realize it mostly consists of the velour.
My hotel in dc is just next to the. offices. I feel like.i should go in and have a talk with them about user interface.
oops. that last one was a retweet of rick's tweet
Dear autoincorrect, when referencing the Cubs, I'd appreciate it if you could kindly refrain from changing 'ew' to 'we.' Regards, Lauren.
It really pisses me off when someone is pumping gas and leaves their radio playing wide the hell open
Also, sat next to WWII Vet who was very encouraging re my WWII historical novel idea. :-)
WHEN IS MY KITTY READY? I WANT IT NOW
Whatever we put our attention on will grow stronger in our life. -Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
WAIT. Is she going on as Marilyn or DREAM Marilyn?
Get money , my nigga . Do good with ya people !!
He cleared the sheet, and was free to return, slightly downhill now, along the halyards to the mast
Dude, I can't wait. Happy Birthday, g.
I've tried to live without you...but tears fall from my eyes.
Access to an outlet is definitely a major status symbol. You win.
He posted it on his facebook a little while ago (: -Kayla
I have the swagger of a mountain lion.
Left a loaded handgun in my trunk went over a speed bump doing 40 and it missed fired. I dunno how I'll explain this one to the chief
Great, I'll test your "Arts: Join the Orgy" concept w my board next week: ) Seriously tho, thx 4 all u do 4 music & the
And I still don't understand how to make tumblr work but I like it!
Lowell, I'll treat you to a nice lunch at at Hummus Corner. Pee O e Rah pahpahpah. Seriously, anytime. I work in Bmore
Tell yo bitch to follow me!
possibly...i may be away that weekend for my bday.
Found out today that FB friend is reviewing my book for a magazine. We are not close,but feels weird.
One of the busiest in a long time. Loved the #HAWMC chat though!
No, I didn't get a chance to! Next time, though... next time.
sounds like a great plan!
Thank you for the #FF! :)
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach? Say 'Super Main Stage'!
Start flipping desks and tables.
RT : Drupalamp south carolina is a hit! my beginner sessions were crowded. Rock it out Doug!
Just when I thought I was fucd up. O realized we were all fucked up.
#Broncos have Ryan Clady & Chris Kuper better than any Oline man on #Titans roster
I didn't say anything... so it wasn't awks! I walked passed her and I was Sorilyn's grandma! ?
wow! ;0)! RT : Stressed spelled backwards is dessert. Just sayin'.
A pleasure. Right back atcha!
wondering what became of the guy that was growing #coffee beans in
#smbmad Is that the religion of "Stayed up too late"? Or "Too slow on the RSS feed"?
Jan is almost in the books; there's still great tourneys locally, statewide, and the national to play. Find them at www.tournamentscoop.com
happy birthday man!
Heading to #SunlifeStadium for commercial shoot.
I know you're fine but what do I do? I know you're fine but what do I do?
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. -Booker T. Washington.
. Will you be singing the same tune next year when tools are done and the schools are facing the same issue MKE Co?
Wow, it's official...SAG-AFTRA merged today!!!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Let's get some Instagram action going! ;D
You Know You Were Going On There Girl (:
parents went out for they're anniversary & left money for chinese. :)
ever think about the fact that if you didn't turn down the Pacers you'd be in the playoffs?
Prepping for this mornings #carlsononthelaw show airing on at 11am. Up first...the barefoot bandit!
you got anything to help me sleep? Lol I don't want to be awake when the sun comes up
Idk if I'm ready for this!! But I have missed everyone! Kennywood here I come
I haven't needed a 4:30p coffee this badly for awhile. Thanks for your support
Got sick from too much cake and pizza yesterday. Gunna do it again Saturday.....
Julio jones, Santana Moss, and Dwayne Bowe. I need 2. Who ya got?
**3pm** Arsenal vs Newcastle United **3pm** Monday March 12
I'm Lamar Smith's Primary challenger, and as a PHP/AJAX developer, I understand the internet.
FACEBOOK DEAL Now thru Friday 13th $5.00 off when you spend $25.00, online and in our store! facebook/hectorshardware
I'm off AGAIN, fuck I need to work
Bullshit bullshit yeah I here u talking but I bet it hurt ur feelings when I kept on walking
Will be adding more merch for your CD bundle specials. Including your bands pic on silicone wristbands! South Texas choice for CDs & merch!
Happy International Women's day to all of the beautiful, strong, and independent women in our lives
wit must run in the family....
Time to eat
everyone needa chill with this Lil Wayne's cd stuff, Lil Wayne stupid af! #SMH!
Capitalism is like a child that never stops eating.
If ppl actually stopped by my house maybe they'd hear me speak Jamaican
Lucid Dreaming....
Can't believe it's almost February! What museum events are you looking forward to this month? Tell us!
once and for all, know WHO you are and start there...
LOL!!!! RT Attacking Obi-Wan when he had the higher ground cost me an arm and a leg.
lol its in a bowl, it's like 2 weeks worth if you take 1scoop a day
Seriously, You Guys– If You Are Going To Capitalize Every Word In A Sentence You Might As Well Just Carve A Swastika Into Your Forehead
The anger inside right now is so intense. I just wanna Kamahamaha everything right now.
Can I just say that "3 days" seriously turns me on I <3 u guys!
You don't know your beautiful ;)
Following because you say so!
Your #thevoice commentary is spot on! A round of #golfclaps for you. Done.
I'll pass. Mostly because I don't know any of you
I want to HUG THIS VIDEO!
Okay so six flags tomorrow !
we don't have a cover unless we reach max occupancy :-)
Happy Valentines Dy to all of the beautiful Ladies out there!!
You crack me up! Your list of post cupcake baking to-dos sounds just about exciting as my evening of cleaning and organizing!
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are. ~Ric Belda
asked 50 people randomly of they know what NDAA was and not one had hear of it. Some were world war 2 vets! Hidden laws!
hey mom.. you don't know everything..
Fans of - both lotteries just completed. LA foodies reservation notifications coming soon.
Every time we sit down to eat, we make a choice.... (cont)
RT : I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend [...] Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Idk if I'll be on today. It kind of drives me a little crazy that SM is holding a concert in LA for the third time.
damn i need a follow
Happy Record Store Day! Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
Would it be wrong if I beat until she stopped snoring?
For rizzle...ha ha best of luck to you! Thanks again for using ShowClix :) Enjoy the show!!
At least shes free for me now. Ill treat her anyway she wants to be treated! I wont even breathe the same air as any other lady lol
Will that be an issue for the players as it appears the majority of them are "communications" majors
Lmao RT ": I'm not saying she's a slut, but the bitch has been on more wieners than Heinz Ketchup."
Secretary of State Seward seemed sheepish. He had allowed the rebels to believe otherwise in the name of pacification.
Wish I coulda met you, too. Would be glad to learn more about your work, as we do more digital scholarship support in library.
yall did really good c:
Featured Beers this week: Summer Lager, Horny Toad Cerveza, Spring IPA.
Hottie on the subway smells like some damn good fried chicken. Good shit, don't come thru.
Discuss RT : At this point, I'd say, sure, there are nations positioned to create the future. You're probably not living in one.
Stay living la vida grime
At REBarCampWI first bar camp in WI #rebcwi so excited
I am from Germany :) But i want to improve my english :) Where a u from?
Exciting weekend coming up
Mario: He's an Italian plumber created by Japanese people,who speaks English and looks Mexican,jumps like a black man&grabs coins like a Jew
lol Right? super lame, stupid finals! Nope, I'm graduating on the 19th so no summer classes for me..thank god haha..how about u?
Well, I've spent the past 14 hours here in this chair reviewing to the point where my brain hurts and everything is running together..
sounds like they need it
So...I sprained my ankle in softball again....great...I am well on my way to permanent cankles...AWESOME!!!
. I say #BoycottRush sn't near enough. Lying private #ClearChannels shameless propaganda in general, must go!!
Vote, y'all, please
Thats tight! Post a picture!
and some of the data quality is lacking (at least in property tax data)
Spoke with DeSpain and Chief Wray, they said around 70 arrests so far..."Best behavior we've seen in 3 years"
im off 2
I finally got a Twitter acount!!!
no problem. i have friends who spent some time there and they spoke of unconscionable conditions. glad to see it's being reported
I'm so excited for the weekend that I haven't gotten any sleep!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-39 NB MM 134. SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER. NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
Solar costs lower than coal kids. It's real. (paraphrasing) :) rfk jr.
Currently listening to: myfriendmike - I Want to Be
I'll be sure to let you know how many holes it takes before I mother F these clubs. Over/Under 2.5
need anything?
I want to be your man
Love it!
American Burger Works brings a new twist to the classic burger and fries combo to the Excalibur Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip!
I believe it replaced a hemi in a diesel truck.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Ralph Waldo Emerson via
S/O to for playing Fall Out Boy "Sugar we're going down"
I want to reprint that verbatim for my next column.
really...people still believe in that... so 90s when AOL was in
was my mom's b-day we spent the rest of the day shopping, celebrating her b-day, and we both listened to that cd pretty
Reason number 1,000 we can't take Mario in public. He just loudly exclaimed that fried oysters taste like congealed jizz.
released "Lay it down" on video. Check it out
Hey you got your COWBOY HAT! Congrats man. Great race.
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your books!
New Place for me to Yap sports. Hope you like!
Hit my phone.
I can do next week M,T or Wed.
Charge it to the game I bill myself
Good morning! "All art requires courage"-Anne Tucker
I kinda wanna curl my hair, but I always get bored halfway through.
Wow, another birthday among the tweeps! Happy, happy, Roger!
To all the comentarors suck it bitches .
I don't remember tho must have been a min ago like last yr lol
Old reruns of Top Model and Thai noodles?
Talkin about dissecting in homeroom
I can't wait! I'm not so excited about icarly cus I don't like the show I'm only watching it for u guys but Im excited for SNL
It's the episode on #ABDC. Who's taking a study break at 10?
i've been gone for a minute. neglecting my twitter. i'm back baby.
I would love to but we have to have plans!!
BFF what's up!
GOOD LUCK! I voted for you!
dude thanks so much...I'll be by soon to say hello.
Thanks for following back :)
My Journey = Comfortinprayer.wordpress.com - My message about the end of day's = Lyft.us
If I had a band I would call it Me First and the GimmeGimmes.
So many things! How are you? :) RT : what's good?!?
girl, heard you're getting your belly pierced. so kayoootieee bb ~~~ getting mine next week, post a pic (:
Happy Mother's Day to all wonderful mothers out there. To the bad moms, stay out of the headlines.
I've making algebra problems to test my tutee. Needless to say, I won't be writing any textbooks any time soon. Not algebra anyway.
There is entirely too much good TV on Sunday night. Spread it around networks.
Didn't see this. How does it play a role in your life?
Even my team leads are helping since they haven't hired any new people to help with all these extra boxes.
I've been on a serious Beck kick. I spent yesterday and today listening to Mellow Gold up through Sea Change. Some great albums for sure.
No doubt!!! Once u r 1 One of the main things u preach offensively is shot selection...
Hate missing shows! Kill it tonight love!
Go back to work tomorrow!
RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!<---Hope so too but highly doubtful. This is unreal!
Yeah, just liver so far. I've got a beef heart in the freezer, though. Just gotta decide what to do with that beast.
you've been good to me phone, even when i left you in a cab in chicago... but i can't put up with your bs anymore.
Heh. No, apparently someone else did. ;)
i remember when you said you loved me to Pluto and back haha i told you i loved you to Plutos moon and back, you said Pluto had no moon.
Working and listening to #TheDecemberists "The King is Dead." Great album! Yes, I still call music floating in my IPhone Cloud "albums."
Honestly, I don't think most voters are swayed by facts anymore. Just do what TV tells ya. And it's complicated/boring subj.
nothing in life is going to feel right until i get this one thing it gives me life something to look forward to
Working at the library on a snowy Sunday.
Ellie's on crack. I do follow you.
it's official i'm exhausted
the blog is great--just discovered it...
I go thru the same . I have some unruly ones now. Thinking of small trim. I like bangs, they hide my forehead lines. ;-) lol
nope not telling...
Today's going to be a fun day. Get to go through a massive casting binder of people in bathing suits.
WHY WHY WHY WHY
birchmere august can't wait
Congrats! That's wonderful news.
lol Naa what did he say ?
No I do not want you to drive me, I'm going out to get AWAY from you.
spending some quality time with Benicio
Feels stupid. And contagious
I love him, he just disappeared
;n; BBY LOVE ME
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
LMAO We have no food in our apartment but we do have 12 bottles of wine and champagne
RT : Beautiful out Come by the Hogpen and get a tattoo and text your fav food at the fair to 49330.
Hoping for a great game, too. Good luck to your Swans. Just not too much luck.
I'm Good
Is this right? Blue Ivy was named after Jay Z's Blueprint albums and Beyonce's 4 (IV in Roman Numerals)?
You a thug now
But if you're going to use the word 'drug' in that manner, then you can throw coffee in that category.
thx :) how u been?
thanks to all the peeps following!! much love.
White people sports are violent.
Upcoming performances for the following two weeks will be announced shortly. Stay tuned!
We never say HAPPY BIRTHDAY THAILAND bcuz we don't have independence day TT.
Going to should be an Olympic sport.
Be safe. My prayers are with you.
Yup time for the whale special on MPTV. Go channel 36!
hot damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
“: Awesome! I worked out of 's office.” Say what?? Your second day is your last?
oh nice, lemme knw how it goes!
The odds for best actress are between Meryl and Viola: I choose Michelle Williams.
Epic night with and w/crew
PS. I didn't mention... They serve coffee and bacon.
Do you have any photos of Barry Larkin from the 1984 Olympic squad?
Whoever is going to the #Phillies game tonight, hit me up. I'm sitting in Section 140
ok what sweetie are you texting? I know nothing of this...nothing!!!! tell me tell me TELL ME
If there was only a way that both Nashville and Detroit could lose...
RT Off to the Victory Fund champagne brunch to celebrate our future elected leaders! Thanks for your leadership!
Twitter is a great way to connect to people but also to find information about events (earthquakes)
You're entitled to your opinion bro...
people are dumb, just ignore them, you know what you did & it doesn't matter what other people think!
i know, we went 2 chinatown today and bought a turtle. now our turtle have swag. (:
Bus touring Lake Louie Grumpy Troll brewpub and this Sat. brewer is Guest Hosting!
My outfit today, well i loved it.! Tahaa :)
Up early & in the gym watching Hoping he can build off the good things I hears last night.
late night jammin in the studio drawing away smoking doobs!
watching the Chicago 10 with brothers and sisters at #OccupyChi. blown away...
Thanks for being at 's #indiebookbuzz, !
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you x
I want her do damn bad but she wants someone else. That hurts.
Usually I don't get head aches
thank you
to beat #Celtics is critical and so is Jrue. Backcourt needs to come together on creating transition game.
Thanks Jeff! The recipe didn't work, but some white china, add'l coconut milk and agave did. :)
RT : -->> Are you in? -->> Just made my gift to Fdn for today's #GiveBIG at !
yeah that number I texted you from is my new number
i wonder if isabel can see me stalkin her & if she is readin this tweet lol (:
Good night, sleep tight, Don’t let the bedbugs bite. And if they do, get an exterminator.
Getting Ready For 2010!
Twitter randomly unfollowed some people this morning. I don't know who. Now I can follow 8 more people though, so... good?
I'd estimate 800. Thanks, man!
Hey #Astros fans, still excited about the signing of Jack Cust. I mean all he's done so far this spring is go 0-for-14 with four strikeouts!
Talking school leadership with Larry Rosenstock in San Diego
In Need Of Swishers!!
Daves cosmic subs :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I mean they say ppl speak the truth when they're drunk so I'm sure the part about wanting you back was true
thanks...we are getting a new bishop down in San Diego, maybe he'll bring some more tradition...
Thanks but to late :(
#WaysToGetShot coming home pregnant
11/23/2010 MHT Startup Adviser: Go ahead, start a startup Mass High Tech
It seems there's hot weather everywhere but Seattle, where we've got cooler than normal weather...
A BIG thanks to Hazel Miller for coming out to Applebee’s today! We really appreciate her sharing the gift of music with America’s heroes!
"For born unto you this day in the City of David is a Savior who is Christ the Lord." -Luke 2:11
Off to Tulare tomorrow to play a conference with and as well as Terry Richmond and Mindy Gomes. Can't wait!!
Marinas on the square is good - so is Chop House and Bonefish but you have it in Franklin
Who needs a $20 pen? A woman trying for her Hollywood idol’s autograph w/o one. Sell right thing to right people and can name your price.
Jesus Buddha Allah please let this happen RT : Charles Barkley must call Knicks-Bobcats
so which one of u guys is fake?? Or both?? Or neither??
hahaha hats what I like to hear!! You would be seeing more soon
remember I dnt have my car
And repeating. RT : It's something we've been saying for years, but these things need boiling down to soundbites sometimes.
RT : Merger of / provides "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity" to change journalism.
If anyone would like to know, Apple headphones can withstand being run through the washer and dryer.
you should read the full Tumblr blog from the start. Very funny.
Another great day at "the next level" did the web and a hypnosis session.
Why do I miss you, when I'm barely getting to know you?
hide in the bathroom for a moment. It may be the only way to get temporary freedom.
Hey grads & friends of grads: want to add your photos of the festivities to our FB page? email me: .edu
Wat Im Watch Now !
Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to analyze our data
I've watched the first two episodes of Touch, and it's fantastic! Gotta love Kiefer saving people on a deadline ;)
Yea I seen that shit! I feel it thou
Does your web site need a spring cleaning? How about a fresh new re-design for the new season. Email for info.
what is the best meat & 3 in Nashville in your opinion?
Brilliant concept but what about injustice & standing up against things that are wrong?
The crew is suiting up and heading into the orbiter for the final liftoff of Endeavour to take place at 7:56am CDT or 8:56am EDT!!!
yes maria?
Designing some really super cool Chicago skyline invitations today. They are quite fancy pantsy. Photos soon...
HI, I am back.....If you are thinking about doing some ebooks please go here: www.bluebooksell.com
28 player piano for $2 each at our Gaithersburg Store
You are fooling on the radio...I'm dying
#TOURS Watain Announce U.S. Tour Dates
You will, Reggie. Can't win 'em all, but you always give your best effort!
Thanks for letting us know!
Doc Rivers: "It was a very similar situation as to what they had the last game."
Heading to the All Hands Meeting!
In that mood where every little thing annoys me -.-t
The Ghosts of Flatbush. The Dodgers bond with Brooklyn will never be matched. And their move to LA changed MLB forever
OUR MURPH IS ENGAGED!!! Aw love! Love! Love! And then there will be baby Murphs!!!!!
no but it's about a certain dumb ass in our 8th period :/
We still have our old WordPress site up & the new #Drupal site up so perhaps you saw the old one? cc: /
When I'm with you . I can't stop smiling
Mini heart attack. Coat racks look too much like murderers in the dark.
lol yeah I think most have them winning. I just don't want them to cuz I will have to hear everyone in the state talking shit haha
stoked for saturday
thank u. Hope u and the family can make their bday next month. Oh and congratulations on baby girl again!!
oh no problem
I was just downtown looking for but she wasnt where I hoped she was :-(
#FF to who is graduating from U of M tomorrow w/ her MASTER'S degree!! So proud of u girl! :-) Hire her b4 someone else does!
I owe YOU an email! Hope you're feeling better. I can donate the copies to the hospital. :)
Whoa I missed a fight?!
dubai hotel jobs
they should call you Margarita Queen
Don't let your dreams stay dreams, make them become reality.
hell yeah haha
I'M STILL WAITING FOR SOMEBODY TO COME AND GET ME DAMN ..
glad to hear it! I'm not there yet :( starting the road trip on the 22nd. Are you going for work or pleasure?
#imagine Austin:I have a beautiful girlfriend. U:*jealous*Who is she? A:Why? Are you jealous? U:No. A:u're cute when u're jealous*kisses u*
wonders if other Writing Centers are closed during finals week. My philosophy is by finals week, it's too late to really help anyone.
I take back my congrats. Four square is dumb. But I still love you two!!
woo nice few little bits ordered online!
Rate our Youtube video for us. (Search) The Best Child Care in Oklahoma. via Entrepreneur School For Kids
bring your five to center court tonight and take on my five.
“: Mr. Maxon you're cool and all but the work you make us do is pointless bullshit <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>” remember when I was in your class!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
so who has wordpress? I'm curious and new so let me add u on it or subscribe to u lol enlighten me!
": Footage of the back flip coming 30 minute after the loss." Make sure spots you.. Haha!
Student: wants to know why there is so much construction on campus.
Thanks so much!! That's quite a compliment!
I just want to know where the package is, nothing formal. I guess I will talk to you tomorrow when I file the claim.
Have to make something sweet now because Tara is rude and posted a pic of an insanely yummy looking cake.
No longer living in the city.
These little kids cutting me up screaming Hallelujah like we in church lmbo I can't stop laughing
congrats and good luck, hope you win and get a shot at Izzo!
Oooohhhh! You will have a blast! I would LOVE to hear her. Hit me up next time. We will travel to be her groupie! Hehe!
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!
Oh, I love it and can't wait to see them. (Last year it was tiny dot/circle patterns.) Did you join last year too?
When your peeing and there's several open urinals and that guy pees right next to you.
Thanks for the retweet! We have received some wonderful responses!
Sad. RT : When Newsweek gave 1,000 U.S. citizens the official citizenship test last year, 29% couldn't name the vice president.
we can be ratchet twins!
Ok I will keep trying. Thanks!
How about a t-shirt? message us your address
wow /cgl/ is super lame today. I need my daily dramu thread 8T
Why is this maid vacuuming at 845? Damn Iowa! Frontier days for the weekend.
I just saw that you are at Naz! I went to Geneseo!
Thanks for the RT!
The McDonald's All-American game will be Wednesday at 9:30pm, featuring Goodwin, Poythress, Muhammad and Bennett.
to tumblr or not to tumblr?? what is this tumblr you speak of?
she follow back ---> Follow her
Nice!! And happy Mothers Day weekend :)
i have it
Congratulations to Brianne Grant! You have won the Facebook iPad 2 drawing!
Eating Toast and Bacon! Yum Yum YUMMY :)
Get rid of that rule... You and daniel have real power to fix this... The idiot that made that rule got outplayed by words lol
yes indeed!
Shooting tomorrow for Discovery Channel show "FBI Criminal Pursuit", I am playing the detective for the re-enactment scenes
: Is the show sold out tonight?
Let's chat soon!
Kale Chips are so good!
There was no point of me working today. I could have gone to a party or something.
good morning and Happy Sunday! football and church...does it get any better?
Make sure to get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on cdbaby today!
I think you would make an excellent toll booth operator.
im sleepy
S/O To All The Females That Never Gave A Nigga A Chance. Guess It Was a Blessing In Disguise
Good morning everyone! Grab your coffee and then stop in for some fresh #flowers today
That class discussion when I don't say one word for 20 minutes....
RT Just a par for Tiger at 18, and that means unless a few guys on the course quit breathing, he's done for the week.
Making plans for next book signings and events.
I think I would like Miami better if I used hair gel and coke.
“: what do you have in 9.5 or 10” just sent out a few tweets
I.e., it's a way of flagging how a term or conceit has been evacuated of referential power.
Obvs you'll be a better judge than me, but it should be fine.
Walked home in rain. Showered and got ready to relax. But instead I have to get dressed and go back out. In the rain.
Can someone cook me something to eat? Thanks
*nods* yeep... Ive been sick a lot lately too. :/
Watched. Umm... I know you're not even trying to hear my commentary. So yeah, keep up the hustle. I always got you regardless!
Huge hit by Barney. #Cubs REALLY needed that!
Watching Seven Pounds...Way to intense..I'd better pay attention
Honored to be one of your favs!
how did you learn to do that bank shot around to the 8 ball?
welcome to dc!
I. LOVE. YOU.<3 Follow mee?please.):
I eat honey-dew melon....
Susan has officially lost her mind
Does anyone have any funny/horror stories from online dating sites? Let me know!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all that celebrate!!!
Good morning Twitter friends!
Please ignore any weird posts or messages .. My twitter was hacked ..
Empty gas tank leads to full road rage. Chateau asap. I can't miss Chelsea Lately.
As an #image consultant, I help you to identify and capture your unique qualities and give you tools to develop a signature style.
I don't know Fla. law, but in La. the diff. b/t 1st and 2nd has nothing to do with premeditation.
I'm not talking about people, I'm just stating the facts. Lol
Yeah, I dig on too
Since 2000, roughly 5 million families filed bankruptcy bc of a medical issue. In the US, someone files "medical bankruptcy" every 30 secs.
Come out tonight to club eclipse and see dj tyrone and your first drink is on him. Also come check out our new dancing format
sure ladies,tell me if ur done FOLLOW RIGHT NOW PLEASE?
Do you use frozen bananas?
no? i dont think anyone esle knows to?
Thanks for the follow! Happy to know ya.
That day is everyday. Haha. Duhh... :D
Watching the inside. Everyone's had their fill of sun today. Beautiful day in MKE!
RT : thank U! it's nice 2 meet U :) also, chi is perhaps 1 of my most favorite cities in the world<chi is awesome!
3 out of 10 NBA fans actually knew Grant Hill was still in the league.
I'm dining small at Hogan's Hideaway on Park Ave for Small Biz Saturday. RT to pledge where you're going to
Growing up the Beastie Boys taught white kids in the burbs what it meant to be cool and original. #ripmca hip hop will never be the same
How do you know Westbrook didn't pick it up from her?
“: can you still purchase tickets at the door?” yeah you can
Thanks for the RT! Do you agree with these rankings?
haha thanks ;D
First Saturday at
WHAT DAYS?!
Hahahaha, I think every worker does. I should try something different. #maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thank you Melissa!
NUBLU WEDNESDAY...... *BRASIL PARTY W CARLOS DARCI from BANDA BLACK RIO... *ZE LUIS QUARTET plays the early set.. *GREG CAZ spinns...
The Amazing Spider-Man is going to be so good. RT if you agree. -The Web Slinger
I feel overwhelmed. Too much is going on right now!
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening! RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition Conan is ON in t- 20
What would the overall effect of a relaxation of such restrictions be? Increase or lessen individual liberty?
YESS!!!! hahaha. That's what I like to hear! LOL!
Now that the big game is over, Valentine's day is just around the corner. So book your reservations in advance!
#Huguely jury gathers at 9am to begin deliberation. is your source for the latest!
There is a place, There is a place...
haha nice how is that going?
Sammy: My parents are sending me to camp.Tammy: Why? Do you need a vacation?Sammy: No. They do!
does they thing!!!!
me, i'm as friendly as they come. but i like you, my little quiet one.
Please give him hugs and kisses from me!
Switching back & forth between Clips game & UFC live. Don't mean to sound arrogant but if dude is submission artist, keep ya butt of the mat
Busy day. Two presentations, seven one2one meetings and bonus meeting with Then Cowboys Stadium tour.
Yeah, it's buzzing. And hammerschlagen!
I am old. When I saw #teamtroy I knew it had nothing to do with
at Reading Terminal Market browsing.....we love
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
Stupid people really make me sick!
Ubiquiti Networks Launches Worldwide Campaign to Protect Its Intellectual ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Try flicking the bean.
love you too!!
Having fun with and (:
Them bitches are shippin' wood Them nappy-headed hos but my kitchen good I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, a bitch would
I love how the teachers continue to act like we actually care..
#KNOPE2012 AH! Parks and Rec was BEAUTIFUL :')
I can feel myself growing up
Don't tell me you're going to copy haha not good haha jkjk
where's my snugglebunny????
can't blame dem rich arabs for showing off.Can tweet in midair?Hey we want to see pics of burj khalifa.Airwolf was a cool show.
I love your photography. Are you going to keep tweeting new pics?
Foreallthough im going to do shroomsor salvia before next year
- stayed home, partying with the neighbors. Less crowded.
Hot damn.
But I don't mind groupies & knowing the truth how people feel, live to achieve success and make money
Omg! Seriously irritated right now.
practice Saturday? And where?
how did you know?!
carry me
around 6 and he got hit by a car
#RIPMCA: You taught us how to bring people together from different worlds through art without compromising integrity. We will miss you.
also, thank you for the #FF, much appreciated! :)
Here we go again stop maken an ass of urself if that's all u got then ur nothin but a sideline bitch..... #back&forth
I've auditioned in Hollywood and at local NBC affiliate.
I am stupid bored
You're pretty awesome. Keep mentioning us and we might have to send you a free shirt. Email
All weekend long we've got your chance to win tickets! Your first chance is coming up at 1:10!
That nervous feeling you get when the doctor is about to stick a q tip thing in your mouth :(
come on... It's useful information!
makes the best chicken ever
Waking up every day and blasting dogs in the face so that when breakfast rolls around I have some veal on my plate.
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
Patriots! Watch on Fox Biz tomorrow as he supports manufacturing and V-S Industries, our family business! TY Mr. Cavuto & team!!
i meant to put haz so joke's on you sappy
My mom bought my dress without even my approval :'(
I really want the trip report of the verbal battle about to occur.
JT was always one of my favorites
I need to wear a "IM IT DAMNET!!" sign for #OOMF I do believe lmao
Season passes please!
I Change My Username! Went from XxHockeyChick19 to This one :)
I do not agree with your opinion, however i do admire your persistent dedication to your wrongness.
#TellHimYouLoveHim okay, okay! hi Jake(: I love you.
Good morning! Hope you had a great weekend. Want to buy a president's house? We'll tell you which one is for sale.
gets on the floor and start pouncin
gotta love those pocket dials....
so literal, I like it!
Haha! Chris and Rhiannon left before we played! YOU ARE CALLED OUT. I AM CALLING YOU OUT.
Sure is!
where's chrissie?
Wait a second... They're farming babies while the slaves are working!!
yea man im droppin another single tonight off the mix tape that will be dropping within the week check out my boys CuZzo too thx
Glad u enjoyed!! RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Lol ya. It's been awhile!!!!
I'm getting a lot of things done today that I never make time to do :)
Two new interviews for with Roberto Unger and Harry Lewis. Just in German for now, English coming soon!
Learning how to unlock and all this cuh cuh. I could make money off this.
How to explain to my #JW friend that the NT was influenced by Hellenism, both in Jewish apocalypse and the Greek philosophies. Not easy.
You too Hon!!
dude I think I saw you at the mall o_O was not sure tho on Saturday I think it was.
yes! Exactly what I was telling him. Next time we'll show him DC nightlife lol
Been sleep all day . #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
The rarer I am criticized, the worse I take it.
You could hear a pin drop... talking about the first time he looked in the mirror in the hospital
#3WordsForYou Loving you hurts
oh lawd I wanna see this..lmao
My bed is calling....
Well i really only had one point for you, but sometimes i really like to share all three of my points. :)
Finally in the house and I'm sleepy..-__-
one of my favorite things to do is to drunkenly watch House Hunters International and yell at the television.
Welcome - you will love it!!!
We are packing up the van to head down to FOX8 for New Day Cleveland!
KEY:Which Evan Turner shows up? The one who dominated the #celtics in regular season,or the one who dragged #sixers down against CHI?
Operation intercourse
Happy Friday everyone - special shout out to the Ninjas! #slpeeps #ninjas (cc: )
I'm jealous...
ohh gee madd you hear this he is gonna make US cool? haa :p
Shit it would be better if mf can just jeep it 100 n stop bein on sum sneaky shit I woulda been cool smh fuck it den
Same here bro. But I have bad news for your biz (and ours)...they will lose 90+ games easy. #Ravens coming soon!
RT Broadway sensation opened yesterday at the at 8pm! It will run till June 10th! Don't miss it!
Hope he passed the ChaCha sim. :)
Thanks for the share of Community Works Journal!
I judge how long I’ve been lamposting by how many bums approach me and ask for money. MLINY
Hey that's a good thing
I hope with the proper care she will start to improve rapidly.
Most people usually have a hard time getting a hold of there kids, I have a hard time getting a hold of my parents.
I don't regret the past, I'm just ready for my future...
Morning, I'm exhausted & didn't sleep well. I need a massage, hot tub, and a long nap. Need to find a happy place today...
Somebody brought in a bag of mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. I love you and hate you at the same time. *wipes chocolate from chin*
RT : Today in 1969, Apollo 9 returned to Earth. This was the first-ever manned mission to Boise, Idaho.
ah Dave. You know him so well.
#nowplaying Make You Feel That Way – Blackalicious
Packing my shit #Orlando bound soon!
Is LeBron clutch?
But she buys me chips and cheese so I tell her she's all I need #EdSheeran#YUSoFunny?
Character is like a tree and reputation is like a shadow. A shadow is what we think of. A tree is what it really is.
Sure..also have Jack's & Crispin. If you haven't tried Jack's, its PA, no additives of any kind and tart. Apples only, 100 cal
Just snatched up CS..."Hip fashion, design passion & the best of Spring '10"...this is music to my ears!!
LOL.RT : I am so damn glad it Friday I can rest the hold weekend
Agreed RT Thanks for following. Homelessness- not just without physical shelter, but emotionally without shelter too.
Cater2.me's Wednesday word: Gravlax (Pronounced GRAHV-lahks) - Raw salmon cured in a salt-sugar-dill mixture.
Over lunch, put money down on a shiny new (rebuilt) Schwinn Le Tour (originally built in Japan) from Two Wheels in Uptown.
Helped me get rid of this dark cloud that followed, because while it was over me it's to dark to see tomorrow.
RT : Shameless tonite! Who's ready???
Seemed ok at 1st...
I'd respond if I weren't over my time limit :-P
will you please follow me i really wish you would i love you <3
Aw we love you guys too! Thanks so much for all of the local support! You guys rock my socks :)
This is a silly tweet, but the guy running the bar mornings at the Vermont & L is easily the best I've encountered. SO efficient.
Now walk it out!
I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us. -Romans 8:18
LOL I need to come up with an acronym for a permanently displaced kiwi
Any big plans for the weekend, ARTreachers? Come visit us tomorrow at Discovery World for 's Farmers Market!
We have some great things in the works for those of you who follow us on our social networks! Any guesses??? This is going to be BIG! -Vince
12 <U+5927><U+6CB3><U+53E3> -The Great Finale to Birth- ROOT <U+FF7F><U+FF9B><U+FF97><U+FF72><U+FF8C><U+FF9E><U+300E>Live&Bar Uncle Jam<U+300F>
I just saw some really nice looking ones when I was at Ulta. I'll let you know cause I don't remember right now
Thanks for following! We like cats :)
“: I don't think I've ever been happier for an individual player as I am for right now. #UK” TOTALLY! Me too!!
New York City catch 8pm tonight at Rockwood Music Hall.
Way to go Mrs Rodgers
It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent
I hope i can fix this...
RT Battling depression implies a more formal attack than refusing to get out of bed and watching The Prisoner reruns
This morning was cool and crisp... like a well refrigerated, fresh head of iceberg lettuce.
“: Sometimes you just grow out of ppl!!!! Don't try to repair it,, OR understand it,, #justmoveon!”
mfs too busy rappin bout shit the don't know
Ikr! I picked Liam over BTR because i had like none of 1D and like a bunncch of BTR. Haha, i hate when people compare t ...
Sipping this coffee like I'm old...it's too good
This Friday, DJ Paris will be at wokcano-Santa Monica! No cover, great food,sexy lounge,& huge outdoor dancing patio! Wokcanorestaurant.com
Get it trending!? #PFismysanctuary! :)
Even some diehard blackberry4life users are requesting to "try out" an iPhone
Scott Garrett campaign: 4th Qtr FEC report will show $280K raised, $1.7M on hand. Dems face likely primary for challenger
what a morning already! <<<<<<
o hell yea & this one place got some good ass wings
You ever get impatient waiting for a tweet to load via 3G even though your broadband-equipped computer is 15ft away?
is a cottage cheese chest as ma fucka
Sean, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you and reviewing your tweet timeline :)
omG Austin looks so Sexy in this pics....lol
Finna get in the shower. >>>>>
Anyone taking their bookbag to school ?
Most painful day ever . Spent the whole time in the nurse office , hospital and with police .
Well, you followed me back, so I guess that makes us even! Cheers!
We are proud to announce that we are sponsors of the Epilepsy Foundation walk June 24,2012...look for our logos on all advertisement!!
Breeze wouldn't be the word I would use.
Smile as if you've never cried, Trust as if you've never heard a lie, and Love as if your heart has never been broken.
Excellent! We're very interested to hear about this issue.
Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer
We are open Labor Day, stop in and check out our great new and pre-owned car selection!!!
When you have something to add, tweet it, but be sure to include #digped in the tweet so others will see it.
was good fam? I appreciat the spins let's do it! Hmu wit all info.
Pretty chill weekend! Glad me and my bestfriend made up Lov ya bro
Ok Busy Grammy week and weekend !!! Excited !!!
wow Q us the man
When the day jumps off.... Get in there!
Hello RT : Joining tweet chat tonight with
I think I shall sleep meow~
Yeah haha I think Im good now :p
Looking for social media management as a small biz? has the tools & is an ongoing sponsor for
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets."
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 3
Sense Of Humor & Intelligence.
I am disgusted that doesn't follow , the original
In a relationship it's mandatory for me to have sex several times a week.
Offering a makeover! Please read my previous post or Facebook/email me for details!!
Chocolate & beach blonde just don't mix on some females.
but what you got i need a lot, so i can't let you go ;)
hey well I'm not fighting you.
I wish that Robert would #rt this <3
Happy Sunday! Click "like" if you are having a good weekend!
I never asked this my whole entire life but why do black people get ashy?
If strippers are now called exotic dancers then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacist.
haha - sounds nice!! My life is the polar opposite right now - I'll have to fill you in :)
Forever is a long time but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side :)
Do it now! RT : When I move out im getting a tattoo
Idk who is but her avi has the finest man on the planet
A long as he doesn't publicly hale F Castro “ : There is a rapist pitching for the TB Rays. No one in the MLB offices cares.”
Remember beta latch discount now through oct. 15 don't miss out!
Went to Bikinis for poker night to promote the Fest, ended up winning the tourney. Better to be lucky than good. Thanks tfpl.net!
Headed to #firstbitesbash to kick off #chicagorestaurantweek --
Oh boy this is going to hurt you more than it is her.
I have a lot of energy today!! Hopefully I can be productive!
#thingsigetalot "you've changed so much"
I just finished a 2.20 mi run with a time of 22:31 with Nike+ GPS.
Making some progress. Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
My parents still be fucking <<<<<<
Spurs won
Robert! Amanda is the most amazing girl ever! She is so super duper sweet and she is beautiful!<3
I only like Green faces.
Not a small unicorn, a Peggasus.
The best way to learn more is to see us for a consultation so that I can determine the best treatment option for you.
New York Knicks fans want sympathy for their difficult decade. I'm a Trail Blazer fan, and I interact with Sonic fans. Toughen up NYC.
Chilln at my sis house with
No eating the badge! Of course snack time. :)
Oh, I almost lost it several times when dealing with the public. Also, you know me so well.
My Oscar picks are.......The Help, Brad Pitt, Rooney Mara, Nick Nolte, Octavia Spencer, Michel Hazanaviciu, Aaron Sorkin & Stan Chervi.
and you know this, man!!!!!!! lol
#SportingKC store down for maintenance due to high demand. Now I'm rushing to get a jersey for season opener in DC.
I've been crediting #SpringBreak for the fact that I'm sleeping better - just realized I've also reduced my #caffeine intake by 60%.
lmaooo how did you know?!
Pleassseeeeeeeeeee. My mom said if you followed, I could get a heart shaped tattoo like yours. Please follow! <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
There are only four words that is so much better than "I love you."
WE ARE ANONYMOUS. WHAT ARE WE AND WHAT IS OUR MISSION. WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR?
Go follow if u want a auto follow bck!! Oh and and and get 100 followers!
soclearn informal is a poor term it's too generic
you get the dick a lot eh. Site is gay
I'm such a party pooper I'm so ready for bed - thank you headache!
Getting ready for some winter weather. Yet I'm going through my saved seed and getting some started. Come on spring!
I want him <3
The future freaks me out.
These Lakers' tweets are hilarious, of course we was waiting on the Heat to lose, why even lie?
Depends on the bathroom. Miller Park, acceptable. A restaurant, not so much. TGIFriday's at MP, no clue. RT : OK,I need a ruling
If I ever have a job that doesn't allow me to use #hashtags irl, in emails, or as part of the job description someone please slap me.
what r kneecaps?
glossy...if you're selling used cars.
Horrible decision by Javorn Farrell on a 3 on 2 fast break. Always take the easy bucket in a game where your the underdog.
HIV doesn't define him though. #HIV is only one aspect of a person. Trust me I know.
Good job - enjoy the evening celebrating your victory!!
more like toof
shawty with you <3 under the mistletoe!
Uh oh.... Frozen Margarita!
This is a tweet
keep is in mind, coffee and cake on us.
News From the Advertising Industry - New York Times
THIS SHIT HARD BRA KEEP GOING IN
Well, he is filthy rich.
Hm do I want Argo tea or Starbucks today!?!?!??
hell yea, they show her titty in money train when wesley's spankin guts
Thanks for the Twitter love guys, just gave your music a listen, great stuff!
When the heart is open, the present moment is more than enough. When the heart is closed, it's never enough.
"Passive #Solar energy is used in passive thermal building design to maximize the sun's #energy."
oh, a good ol class of it?
I'm creeping you. HARD.
Convinced George Lucas Greedo should shoot first
#FF Hope your day has been a happy and creative one!
Thanks for the follow. How is your day?
That sly and the fam song is so scientifically accurate
Feeling optimistic? Just go ahead and read the comments section of fox news to really take it down a notch or 10.
Good musical choice. That Hackett dude must be old. When are you coming to see us in DC?
happy birthday bro..come down to Miami so ya can really celebrate.lol
Did you hear the song
today is Daily WOD Rest Day "...your programming is great for what I do for a living, Firefighter/paramedic and Army National Guard Medic...
How many Protien drinks you drink in a da?
Night out w - running errands, #gym time, #subway and #girl time!
I have to prepare a monologue for them. They already like my look so...
killing it at terminal 5
They're the end of the line for this format. There will be talk shows, but still. Mention a variety show now and nobody knows...
Breakfast club !! Love this movie
"false should not be true" Why not include ", JERK!" while you're at it?
also MH3 FACE PRODUCTS SO GOD
Cleveland is ALL sketch, though... hahahaha. but have fun and enjoy your trip :)
#73 been on for months and was not aware you were there. Problem solved!
JESUS DIDN'T EITHER!!!! HE WUZ FROM THE HEAVENS!!!!
is that a yes? I'm confused.
Beautiful sunday morning!
PEOPLE RAISE YO KIDS...... GOOD DAY!!!
“: All of my wonderful followers NEED to follow They go hard for the #movement”
Thanks! I will send an email too.
hahahah seriously, every day. all day.
follow back also
Please drop by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer. "Plans"--a pretty ballad with a string...
i wish there was a tv station that played all maury all the time.
Exactly. Haha. BTW, I like your music. I didn't even tell you that!! LOL.
just forced to make cupcakes from scratch in heroic effort to stave off desperate craving. must. wait. for. them. to.cool. to. eat.
I want to see the avengers soo bad <3
Ok eff this
me dos !
Agreed #golions RT : Calvin Johnson is insane.
Good morning everyone...Quote:A man of courage is also full of faith-Cicero
Love the new background image..im ready to take a bit out of my screen.
Open mic halloween reading, a lecture on medieval theology, and Rocky Horror & they're all scheduled at the same time!
My phone died & I lost EVERYTHING. So DM me your numbers(:
Shipping off projects and getting stuff done feels fantastic. Take that, to-do list. Anyone else super productive today?
I really would love to know what happened?
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Holy shit, ! Haven't sweated that much in my life. Neck sufficiently whiplashed! Thanks for a great show at #jazzfest2012!!
Still can't believe the boys are coming here. It's so surreal.
Happy birthday to our bassist MARGARET LA BOMBOARD! #music #bass #rock.. Thanks for being born on #INTERNATIONALWOMEN'SDAY
I showed my sister a screencap of Taylor Kinney from Chicago Fire&she goes "He's not cute. And he hardly has abs at all." JUMP OFF A BRIDGE!
Good morning Baltimore. Working hard for you!! Getting ready for the primary! Votehenrybrim.com
Slamball is cool, but I’m sure other sports could benefit from trampolines. Like, soccer or something. Which sports need trampolines?
ok fine - still looks weird!
Bouncing back and forth, between #vmware and #emc on #vnxe and recoverpoint, not working. A week so far.
Just when you're trying to eat healthy...out comes a red velvet cake. Too hard to resist...
RT : We had a great time getting fancy with everyone and attending last night! Awesome event.
Nice of the refs to keep the winning streak for number one seeds alive.
hot. RT : I am a cultural truffle pig, rolling around in the cultural mud. Pluck the cultural tidbits from my salivating mouth.
congrats to , office of sustainability #MKEOES & on the wind turbine ground breaking! That's smart energy!
nah, only 75% are glued to a device, tops...
"It takes two hands for a handshake." ~ Elisha Hale
A man should make all he can, and give all he can. - Nelson Rockefeller
And any kind of mom. :-D RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms! :)
omfg if you put it out the window I will pe!!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks for the follow enjoy your day!
Right now I'm looking to big future plans! Nothing is ever given to you, you have to take a leap & just go for it!!
#know12 Devops outcome/goal, per Gene Kim: "Balance nimbleness and practiced repetition"
Our friends at are celebrating their five year anniversary with a meetup tonight. Congratulations to everyone up in Boston!
Sometimes you need to stop being the damn victim and just man up
Don't you work at the mcdonalds on okeechobee
Camille totally held your own last night.
All about the Twitter background of it's sleek, chic and neat.
I'm not sharing you
yes, thank god
Just watched sons of tuscon. Not bad.
that's what u was saying lol, well monica idk if she's going & Val said she might do a project so blah should isay no? Lol
Only 4 more (regular season) indoor Major League Baseball games in Minneapolis !
when is your next pgh show for u
i think its annoying when people try to use a q instead of a g when they type or text something.......so unnecessary
Cephalopods are smarter than we are. It means help is here. Next election, I vote for a squid.~Don
hm, only if is somehow involved in this proposal (hint, hint) ;) haha. RT : Marry Me... please?
Michelle Bachmann is trying to get her votes where she can hahaha. Although with that hairstyle I doubt she has rhythm lol.
I miss u too cutie pie!
U know what they say "once u go black ur gonna need a wheelchair" LMAO GNR! GNR! I love this movie!
meaning if you're investing in #socialmedia invest in G+. I have theories in why.
Was given more than enough time to clarify his words & elected not to. He wouldn't comment & neither would #Adidas. WWYD, ?
V.I.N.N.Y <U+2665> Do You want to be in my friends group for BORICUA BUDDIES pLEASE !! <U+2665> Only two of us and you <U+2665> PLEASE <U+2665>
"SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!" "Grandma, please, put down the syringe."
lol what are you still tweetin for ugly come get me befor i get mad
Haha “: People say, "you gotta take life one day at a time;" and I'm like, "I know that, actually. I know how time works."”
Remember that post a couple of months ago when I almost ran over Danny glover going to the gym? That was a coincidence - giggle
I've been chasing her for years. Once in a while she'll let me almost catch her
I hate doing homework on sundays:/
Fake A#$% Stephanie Mills
"Men are like gum anyway - after you chew they lose their flavor."
It's nice that is listening to angry fans but I would like to beat the game and judge myself....
I could smell that Nats collapse coming. This week can go fuck itself.
****Gm Twitter peeps and FB!! Looking forward to today's events and tomorrow's pleasures..... ;-)****
I like both so I can only speak for myself lol
Yes! I am watching it too! Check your FB inbox. I just messaged you.
May be on the slowest train ever to DC, but in quiet car & actually really enjoying reading NY. Keeping it old school !
Listen And Download My Newest Mixtape "The Intro" Free No Registration Required via Its A Sponsored Mixtape 9000+ views!!!
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk! Pin and post...
okay? I'm not trying to be.
Thanks for the heads up that it got released. Downloading now...
I would love a back massage and a vacation. :)
Aw! It's so bright out!
I am seriously zonked from carting Emma around Hollywood yesterday. Something's gotta give here pretty soon.
Follow mee ppl gotta get these #'s up :)
Haters in the house!
I have the book "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man". Lmao!
wow mom its a cow mom LMFAO LLAB
Hey baby boomers, we don't call ourselves" millenials" that name sucks it sounds like a star trek species
Totally agree! RT : I feel like you can only get away with using the "working hard all my life" after 30.
RT : #Brewers just announced you can now have tickets "digitally delivered" to your credit card or smart phone.
Everyone is bundled up down here wearing hats, mittens, and winter coats... If they only knew what winter REALLY is!
Hardcover book, by a factor of a billion or so.
Well that's a given.
When life cuts your rope, you just gotta start going with the flow.
I KNOW RIGHT. hopefully so. arg he called right?:
Checked out your site, definitely a cool idea. Hope to see more people using it in the future! N E chance for Windows phone app?
Walk around the yard with the lawnmower i front of you! #thatswhatkidsarefor RT : Gonna take a walk
where should we meet? My place our yours?
Oriakhi, I wish I could say we'll Mizzou.
French toast, Blueberry pancakes, waffles at the job this morning as a thank you for end of quarter.
Flight home is 2 hrs early. Nice!
spread out music!!!!!
9 Features of Letter Name Spelling
Just volunteered for some PLA committees -let's just see what I got myself into....
Oh snap, the triple ply softness AND j crew? pretty sure my aunt will wanna go. she loves marvin's room.
Tonight were at ballroom stage with
Your Dad loves my job, your mom used to work with me, and your sister is my new fuck buddy!
ya gotta be in it to win it: #Pinterest grew from 5,000 users in August 2010 to 17 million in April 2012.
~200,000 patents issued each year. But need a process to help with reevaluating when new evidence (often by competitors) is brought.
when i think about that pretty smile . . .
Have a good week Ariana!
Interns make the world go round... How many interns does it take a world as big as #AngelPunk go round?
Across the Universe <3
Going to see the Avengers tonight.. Hope it isnt a flop
Only 2 teams in past decade have come back in playoffs down 3-1 (2003 Pistons, 2006 Suns). Grizzlies aren't either of those teams.
right here!
How was the weekend, peeps?
How sad!
keep up the great work.
Start up looking for an investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER GET PAID TO SHOP!
": good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day. I love you too. <3 :)"
New evidence appears to show that Trayvon Martin fought valiantly for his life against the nameless, faceless, stalker.
"yes none : There's only one blue!! No explanation needed"
Puking, crying, feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack.
AW MAN I CANT FINE MY MASS!
Disappointed to see some of the comments on Twitter today that are disrespectful to believers.
hopefully not when I fly back into LA!
I miss your smile... I miss mine even more... #HowDidWeGetHere??!?!
Hate when I can't find something! It's driving me bonkers!
no problem well im tony
seeing if you wanted to join us for breakfast!
Game vs Hoboken
the new digs are coming along quite nicely...slow, but nicely! you'll have to come visit!
Hey. Take it off! #TheBachelorette <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Today I say goodbye to homelessness and hello to my own place and my own rules :) hurray!!
if your pussy smells like a lung cancer cough, get away from me.
never mind let sleeping dogs lie...don't poke a growling dog in the eye...he will FEAST, KG!!!!
I would like you alot if you weren't so delusional about Tim Tebow.. This guy does no wrong by you
hi! i read your bio and you are a lucky one! :) so, what of the Philippines are you from?
Thanks - a good find for sure!
you had a blast I'm assuming?
Type bored rite now
My view: Anyone objecting to a mosque near "ground zero" is wrong and is working against everything that America stands for.
Work is fuckin hell right now
Our season finale - #northernlights - is today at five. Last chance to hear us before Sept!
Plums tickle my tongue #isthatweird?
plot twist I'm having quintuplets because now it's possible to get pregnant multiple times at once.
RT Im a business woman so dont try and talk BS to me.. #rookiemove... LOL
Had a great time filming yesterday with ! Thanks steve! Youre a pro and a class act! Going 2 b funny!
Thanks for the heads up, we will defiantly check it out :)
such an inspiring keynote by - now on to session "Happier Clients, Better Websites and Job Satisfaction"
Hot Beef Dependency Injection
Confidence is the sexiest feature a woman can ever have
Thanks Lou!!! So COOL :)
...trying to save two pit bulls. can't seem to reach anyone for advice. hope you can help.
Roenick: MISTAKES MISTAKES MISTAKE. Jones: YES. CANNOT DO THAT. Anchor guy (can't remember name): I AM READING A TELEPROMPTER RIGHT NOW
The White Sox are the eventual losers of that trade IMO..
Happened to me more than once when I was at osu RT got a parking ticket at 10:36.. got to my car at 10:38
I love getting messages on tumblr from people saying "You like Ryan Beatty too?!?" :')
Battling a touch of the flu with pork and pickled mustard soup.
RT : solutions training in the workflow of e-learning development
All I wanna do is sleep
she shouldn't have. that's her mistake.
trip him
How does my 50 states tournament look?
you got on twitter!
wen u tryn to rock somebody else swag nd it dnt look good on you
“: A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get, & a real man will always be patient.”>>>#POW <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
....blinking cursor....
Cote d'Ivoire + Portugal + Bagel & Peanut Butter = Great Morning
yeah yeah yeah
I'm the newest member of the ! Hurrah!
Pinterest may not be curating, but its great to build visual collections : ) Graphic designers dream social media.
Not for this project then. But real potential for 2329 projects. Thx
Thanks for earlier message. Peace and best wishes!
in a way im happy I'm leaving I won't have to deal with this shit anymore my dad and Jessie say I messed up my life STFU
Tupac - Dear Mama
The sun needs to go away, it's melting all the snow :(
's my bitch!
life has a funny way of sneaking up on you
That awkward moment when a kid's phone goes off in the library.
When people say "you changed" when they just didn't know you to begin with
has the best booth
The editing on wrc tv4 non stop foodies is so bad. It's a good concept for a show but horrible production
Many thanks to for helping to make our visit with a bit hit. We have more book orders coming your way!
Happy New Years!!!!!<333
National Sales Event this wkend; see interactive touchscreens engage prospects: Goose Creek/Colonial Heritage VA, Emmens Preserve SC
It's the glasses.
what were those time travel historical fiction books you were talking about at educon?
Unsigned hype mixtape gunna be serious!!
M! Yummy lunch so good!
And we are implementing rugged mobile devices with our LMS on them for industrial facilities. That's a fairly new thing.
GoodNight&&SweetDreams Twitter(:
Saw titanic in 3d the other day. I don't want to give anything way but something sinks
Omg yes.
Not only does it make her like to shoot more-her brother & her fight over the driveway court.Great product! AndyZorca Chatanooga LdyPatriots
There's a good chance I'll stop in to see what all the buzz is about.
When you tweet the world tweets back
sexy. ill get a pink nose then.
PLEASE VISIT MY LEGAL FORMS SITE OR PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW ON AMAZON.COM
My metadata game was a hit with the final class. Gave mini-trophies and prizes to two champions.
except staying up! It's boss at that.
that was the best use of that line ever oh my god
Hit record? Holla @ me
Had a lot of fun at 's CD release concert taking pictures and worshiping my Father. :) Thanks
F M L gn Twitter .
Hungry? Join us...it's Inman Park Resto Week! Enjoy Chef's 3 featured courses for just $25. Make your reservation now, call 404.681.4434
More than that tongue that more hath more express'd..O, learn to read what silent love hath writ: To hear w eyes belongs to love's fine wit.
sorry Sigmund is the correct spelling I believe.
Cheering on all our #WIrecall candidates today! , , , , , and
I don't think so. I'm not sure. Let's see!
It's Thursday so of course that means is going to overtime again! Devils-Philly tied 3-3.
haha think of a clever name for the posts so you're encouraged to do it more! Risotto sounds fab by the way
I've experienced a lot of really bad service lately. Am I wearing a "kick me" sign I don't know about?
I hate
What is a witch's favourite TV show?Lifestyles of the Witch and Famous!
I got my tickets..!! Goin to see Chris Brown.. In September
yeah. Haha. We both played that game.. I almost broke my ankle running on the field! Hahah
oh my... I bet it does. You go girl.
Thx. Ethiopian lady in the duty free store asked me if I am a rasta. Bet that's not the last time I'll hear that on this trip.
hella bomb day with chu ;D
Good night all!! Great #blogtrends chat tonight. Have a great week!!
u didt follow....
Sorry to butt in but I was stuck at 3000 tweets and it was making me nervous.
So fed up with school. I'm seriously this fucking close to snapping.
whoah! Crazy. Also apparently I need to check my twitter more often!
TaylorSquared is insanely adorable. I love them :)
DM I started a new company providing a single purposed device for web surfing. Academics are swallowing us up. I think IBM can help.
But a shirsey is a great way of casually dating before making it FB official RT Unfortunately i bought a gamel shirsey 3 yrs ago
When you someone and be like "oh they have a perfect life" but maybe to them they are going through the roughest time yet .
great -- and it goes till?
UH YEAH. IT'S STUPID SUMMER SCHOOL.
Some companies try to be socially affiliated with with you by having a sign-up process vs. facebook login. Don't save time, be socially safe
Fine, I've perfected my pre-fast protocol of Gatorade-G chased by an equal amount of H2O. Woke up just in time. BH
Been traveling all day & my sister is late picking me up. Times like this I realize by being cheap I'm only getting ahead Enron style.
A couple of you unfollowed me. Blue Fish whatever and Amanda whatever. Was it because I didn't care for Florence and the whatever? LOL!
tweet me is you wanna be in it :) chris is taken though :)
Would you go for 5'1'' and shiny bald? Like a miniature Bruce Willis in a movie where Scouts save the world from aliens.
will do!
“: www.bigpigmusicfestival.com BUY PRESALE TICKETS NOW. IF UR IN OR AROUND OHIO COME I PROMISE YOU WILL HAVE A GOOD TIME"
Young Khalifa on that hippie stuff /// i break it down..it lifts me up #np t.a.p.
and Serious #foodcartwithdrawl. Am thinking of all the things I could deep fry. If only I were in TX.
NO I DIDN'T! STOP SAYING THAT.
Yes!! #headshots #photography RT : awesome ! Someday soon I hope to b graced w 's lens. Thanx 4 sharing
Staid up all night and slept all day -_- yeah I don't feel good
#ISupportSameSexMarriage . There's nothing left to say, feel free to #JudgeMe or change me, but my mind is made up
Having a pasta dinner with 15 friends/runners in Kreuzberg, Berlin. Tomorrow morning the Berlin Marathon.
I'm sure could use a break from listening to me talk all the damn time.
I checked out a play last night @ The Phoenix Theatre in Indy. What a great "Off Broadway" feel this place has, it is cool!
peeps: does one write: "The bitters was made by " or "The bitters were made by "
RT if you represent justice! #R.I.P. Trayvon
Dbar has the highest score for me so far.
The celebration is EGGSTR special so it was worth doing!
About to board flight home from #ala11 - sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
texting someone high is actually very hilarious ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Haha, yes! I'm not dreaming that you went to Kelmscott with us, right? That was a pretty unbeatable year...
A “: “: POLL: Do you think Elway is having a hard time dealing with Tebow's success? A-Yes, B-No” B”
Haha, right on! RT : #winechat , since when do you ask for directions?
**In Kelsey's weird voice*** Man,man. You are sexier than ball sack, on a tree. Hahahha.
Hey KidNoire! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
almost got ran over by a car... Crazii hunniie.
Okay sickness you better be gone by Saturday or else!
LOL, you already know i held shit down!!
If anyone is willing to brave the weather tonight I've got two Black Keys tickets up for grabs. Starts at 8 at US Bank Arena.
kids are in bed so we can talk now. I'll leave my tablet on so I'll know when u @ me. It 's 12 am here.
RT : Chiarelli said Seguin is on the path to "becoming a star in this league."^BISH
Niggas hate on my music just because they girl love my shit lol !:)
I'm trying wunderkit now. I like the promise for teams but stability has been an issue in their beta
That's great!! Good for you! I saw the video location today & I'm working on new song so I'm all good :))
great website! great work!
hey thanks for stopping at ! and enjoy the book..
Cooking Mama for Wii= LAME
Watching newlyweds spend hours on their photos. Wanna scream "GO TO YOUR WEDDING!!" you'll look @ pix 1x year, max. Embrace the now.
what the shit?! There's only 1 season of GI joe?
Lick my avi to find out //“: what does slutty taste like?”
Sam Bonds is the shit! good recommendation! Where yall headin next?
THANK YOU for signing my jersey and letting me take a picture with you :) it means a lot :))) love you
When measuring hail, do not use marble. Marbles come in different sizes. Use coin sizes.
Woops. We meant 2,300. Not 3,000. Ah, it's a long day. But we still adore you! And we want to be at 3k. So help us still : )
Oh, you know we are following!
I might too... But I'm tryin to do somethin for a couple of days up there
ROTFL that is funny.
You should just try to spend your days of getting money instead of worrying about me cause I'm gone have mine make sure you got yours!
Going in on this homework with my bae , I'm vibing to this laid music courtesy of Urban Mystic's Pandora Station. What a day
Its an older account
Lol you too old for dat.
Yes! Same from us too! RT : Happy Birthday to the Pope of Trash and my own spiritual guide of sin, John Waters!
i was talking to Ty, not you. Bye.
thanks for attending. Great you got's book. Glad U are living a great lifestyle and helping to make a difference
ok, just kidding. found these tips for a happy marriage in a church bulletin!
We are all just flesh and boner.
Another wedding w my favorite date This time we're heirs to the creators of faberge eggs. Game on!
Reading is sexy. Sweet escape......
#CurrentFridays somewhere NEW for 21+ in DC FREE till 11 email w/ FULL NAME & Current as Subject
that would be amazing
he was "preserved" in a glacier for like 40 yrs...
They were the #Cardinals before Albert Pujols, they will be the #Cardinals after Pujols. Thx for 11 great yrs, we'll move on and win a WS
I know funny, and that was damned funny. nicely played.
I come frm a broken home sorry RT : Why this nigga always hoeing the Zetas? Lmao
": ight ill play u tonight"i will be on about 9 oclock.
GORGEOUS day in Austin yesterday! How did you spend it?
totally agree
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
Wow! That's what were paying at the hardware store for Ann Coulter's new perfume...
ya my bad - didnt know u put a coat on, I thought u left
Blitz. Enough said.
Thanks for visiting on your world tour...nice to hear that our aroma traveled all the way to Stockholm!
Done and done.
Yes! The Three Dog Bakery on first is adorable!
man, i hate that. Sry hun, hope u get to sleep soon!
Is it b/c they just added a new lefty to the pen in Frankie? Have Perk, Deunsing as well. That's a lot of lefties.
If free agents all ready didnt want to come to cleveland letter just sealed the deal
son as that bum gets his car im bout to get a job today hopefully....... smoke you guys up on a blunt <3
Following Ernie Els and Phil Mc at the start of the Byron Nelson. Not a cloud in the sky.
Wish I never fell so deep in love with you and now there is no way we cant be friends.
my hip is feeling much better. thank God. but still painfull... But i can start ruling out arthritis. =D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAMERON!! HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY!
is awesome! RT : <--i wish i could take #nerdland with me on the phone while I run these errands
@ vicki, it should be presumption of doubt
what did you call me?
say homie follow my team & RT they follow back!
only the best for Mr. Peeps.
for #SMWSportsBiz ... Free Brooklyn lager... Classy!
Welp, I'm either dropping that class, or paying $2400 for a twice weekly nap, AKA
#jenniferhudson i love you.
#TapThat RT: “: 2 hours until midnight & the party is in full swing! Starting #2012 off with good karma & ”
Time for a run!
Just finished live wire by harlen coben .... highly recommended
SUNDAY SPECIAL!!! HUGE 20" Pie for only......$13.99!!! Really, you can't beat that price
We'll see you ALL tonight at ! Come see what is all about. Come celebrate great things w/ #DNation & !
T Brewer Trio LIVE recording @ The Jazz School, Berkeley THIS Sunday, Oct 11th, 4:30p! Come lend your voice/applause to this 1-time event!!
Fun night with some fab people!
I'm happy and sad for you.
17U Elite in a dog fight
After months of negotiating the gate to get upstairs, success is within my dog's reach
Omgg no. I hate having to reject people :(
Is it generally considered a bad practice or annoying to follow people to get more exposure?
not now
thanks for the follow Best study abroad program in Florence EVER
films seeks fan fic writers for documentary #fan fiction
says for #privatesector funds to be spent on
thanks for funding Workforce Intermediary. Let's
I just wanna live.
That was a terrible draw something drawing.
come over
this dude's stache is wearing him.. dayumm haha.
OMG BEHIND YOU!! I probably just saved your life.
idea: make pro sports into a drinking game for the players. would be funny for nba, nascar
Good Morning Beautiful Monday :-)
haha the grizzlies are whoopin up on them
Thanks to our Mayor for calling in his support to TCC!!! We appreciate all you do for the children in our community!
lol shut up. yes !! you've become a stranger, never saying hello
please follow me!(:
The best time to do maintenance of your HVAC is before it’s actually needed! Call us now: 813-928-3646
I just recently discovered you can SLIDE your iPhone notifications and whatever app is notifying will open. I love that!
and continues to turn their back on Ryan Braun, despite his epic performance tonight. Yet, somehow, Kemp is still their darling.
hardest but most rewarding job in the world is a single parent.. twice the workload twice the sacrifice.. twice the rewards!!
Freeway loves the beach boys
Then there are those friends who inspire you to be a better human and make you so proud you get teary-eyed. Yup, that's you
Here comes the rain...
It was a test. No fire, back at the desk. All is well.
ard bm ... smooches ' and wtf u going down 69 for ? who u wit ?
Oh and yes Dragons as well, I felt that they needed to be together : )
Bears don't care.
Ugh I'm FUCKING BORED
Congrats! Now that sounds amazing & keep up the good work!
Listen mother fucker... STOP, STALKING ME!!!
Josh is amazing and won me over today
you're so hott!
Another wonderful day Yo get things done.
#storagewars brandi is hot! love the show
if you could go back too any day in ur life what day would you go back too???
I wish I could laugh! Authors barely touched the surface but found "belief that being an anthro inoculates one against racism"
Birthday kisses. Lolz
Sexercise is the best kind of workout.
I just started using it like 2 hours ago... I'll let you know in a few more days.
RT: #Tumbledown at the Manette tonight w/ We're recording for a live album! Don't miss this show! (Bremerton, WA)
Here's the deal, no I will not call you from a show and, no I will not have a band member call you, unless you have a valid reason.
Morning Rockstars! > Time and space are fragments of the infinite for the use of finite creatures. - Henri Frederic Amiel
Who's serious about this game? Send me samples at
Thank you! RT : Awesome background.
That guy in your office who seems to disagree with you on everything... and you know it's completely on purpose.
It means Shake My Head :-) Thank you for the RT!
Go suck a fat cock. I hate you.
so where we going then
first song I ever bought on iTunes was handlebars:)
not kidding but some bed bath and beyonds carry the Mr. Beer kit brand
I do think I will keep him. He's already housebroken even if he is a little loud. ;)
. i think you're hilarious, but not as funny as organized religion. that shit KILLS me! (and lots of others, literally)
Stop hating on Chelsea! LOL
I cant believe I let you follow me...
Are they tougher than Maryland chipmunks?
former High school-it on top of u omari
I do hate that. It's embarassing, especially if you're buying something you're not proud of.
new purple plugs!, YEAA
I love this song ---> jason chen-bestfriend
Someone once told me 'remember u are more than just an actor- u are also a human being' - u can always pause one or the other!
I hate getting on fb it's too much Thrist on there
If you haven'tspoken out on the repugnant and age discriminatory Obamacare, both parties are invited to pray loudly for a Brown victory
There are three types of people in this world: Those that get math and those that don't.
Flat out, Bottom line, Point blank, All in all, Moreover, Furthermore! Action Speaks Louder Than Words! We all know this;
's idea of throwing t-shirts to the crowd was *thisclose* to being totally awesome
Wake up #America, don't wait until your #unemployed or #homeless to speak up
Go follow on instagram she's a hawtiiie ~
Everyone needs to read book...I finished it in 2 days.. #ifsomeonesaysno #youraskingthewrongperson words I'm gonna #live by
voted for ya again, buddy!!
He always makes me smile no matter what the situation is!
First dress fitting in 6 days, first shower in 10 ... wedding in 58. It's getting very real all of a sudden!
Gonna be heading over to Bad Genie tonight after Cut Copy to enjoy the sounds of WhyB and Chris V - also, $2 22oz. PBRs all night. Get it!
~ Why don't u stay home w that attitude? I'd Rather hear you prophesize saying you're going to make every cut and win twice!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Mother's Day!
Use it as a virtual bulletin board to visually represent and/or inspire you.
do you do paid mentoring also?
Well hell. Menounos score of 30 puts Driver tied for third, or last depending on how you look at it.
Apparently St. Louis seen it coming before anyone else did.
Another page to like: Facts Machine.
thank you! Yes, too much to see and hear!
Sir Sigi seriously second string should start sans silly shirts Sincerely Scrupulous #Seattle #Sounders #Soccer Supporter
We're sorry to inform that we'll be closed this weekend as the fire repairs are not yet complete. We expect to re-open on Monday, July 11th.
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' to Hit Theaters on August 24, 2012
The Pacific Northwest is absurdly beautiful. Why don't I come up here more?
#NP Lil Wayne ft Drake Right Above it Pre AM basketball
Thanks for the RT!
In a world sick w/ racism......Get well soon! Happy B Day for the last time.
CONGRATS, GUYS! visit seattle ;D
I'm down as a mug fugga
What were all the total scores last night? Do you remember? Katherine got a 58, I think and DD a 59. What about the other 2?
Always love hearing about that third variable effect - increase in ice cream consumption causes increase in drowning deaths? Of course!
is now over the 3 Million likes on his Facebook page!.
I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!
Free my nigger
Today we welcome back to ANC after his defection to SFO. Tweetup at the Snow Goose starting at 4:40pm. Join us!
Why is it never sunny or warm enough to tan??
Apparently the sticking point is the 3rd tier rights. The ACC kept the basketball ones, but gave up fball to ESPN/ACC...
“There will never be any more perfection than there is now.” ~ Walt Whitman
wow I see now that's driving
If Edson Buddle decides to make a return to MLS, the LA Galaxy hold the right of first refusal.
wow. I want a lobster taco.
Let's make sure The Bop Shop keeps on going!
Nope. No I do not.
Watching Braxton Family values # My fave show in the world !!!
Lu Yen~ Heaven is not the wide blue sky but the place where corporeality is begotten in the house of the Creative.
Thats What You Think
#NotreDame ranked top 25....Rain cleaning out LA....My cameo made first cut of #AmericanReunion...A promising Sunday indeed:)
Set up twitterberry on new phone=success
Ryan Hollins gets T'd up and then misses an easy layup..Interesting start to his Celtics career..
Douglass Gibran I (Director, Writer, & Producer)*
thanks Pam(: I will take some now!
In case that's wrong, I got the script "Redneck Honeymoon" Just call my agent....please Oh Please
It's the day after Christmas and we're all so tired. So today we watch movies until we're rewired.
#amwriting on the #WIP. 826 words today, so far! It's getting intense!
Thanks again to and for having me on to talk #Caps, it's been a blast catching up with them all season!
Obviously I'm jealous!
Alright. Just about time for us to "do this". Hell yeah!!
So I just found out that I have to go to the dentist on Monday to get my wisdom teeth out. Oh goodie
It's crazy how I can go from feeling the greatest and happiest I've felt in a while to feeling like complete shit..I'm sorry
nope. pop up nelson was @ 3rd botkin @ short & it dropped between them haha then a kid hit one to center that was it
The event is from 2 to 11, We go on at 3PM.
Oh poor you, you actually have to put in effort. Lol shut the fuck up.
tell? Nothing on me!i
Mother's day is five days away, have you gotten her gift? www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Or saminisn. You can make people attend saminary 2 become a saminist. Will your cult believe in martinis?
spent most of the day researching and sketching mythical and interesting creatures for new art dolls that I will be making.
Missing clubs that have DJs that aren't scenesters who suck.
I think id rather take a nation championship
#4famouswords kiss my ass bitch
Learning SPARQL by Bob DuCharme. "Greetings from Amazon. We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items" amzn.to/lEXtGo
You are a liar. Zimmerman needs funds to live. He can't work and has to live away from home. Thanks to terrorists like Sharpton.
Certain people just have a way of understanding me.
Congrats Kevin on the launch of the Soma Hub!
what a beautiful day we have today in Chicago
pop art reflected the excess of american culture that was possible because of america's
you need to make that a double feature with Vanishing Point!
Another day in the lab
President Obama has his feet on Washington Soil (or pavement)
two different versions of the same meme. They're faces of email, aim, irc, #fb heading towards more complexity & connection.
On my way to Baltimore - la voce will hopefully be whipped back into top form by the end of the day!
you picked a bad day to sleep in!!!!
we're multitasking! thanks to both of you for a lively AND informative class. it's great to be around enthusiastic people!
"The Difference Between Success and Failure is the Ability to Adapt" - Jack Bauer
Small wedding, almost in secret, I guess it is a bit of a secret.
tattooing will begin again shortly
CM said no need -- LA has a team and it plays on Saturdays in the Coliseum.
You're welcome! Concise and spot-on! :) Week is pretty good. How about yours?
amen to that brotha glad to see things are goin well
You're welcome! Thank you for sharing your LinkedIn tips. Of course, I need to find the email!
14 wins away
the little things like that, are the things that make me smile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Good morning new day new me fuck yesterday . I blessed to have a healthy daughter n a good support of dad love u both
*suckling gas out of ale's jeep RT": *eating dirt RT“: Mr.perez <<<< dirt.”"
Yeah it's "Niall the Konkey" &he actually has four siblings.. Harry,Louis, Liam and Zayn :D
drunk gym is the worst. I've tried.
awesome - thanks!!
what does it mean to be a celebrity? why do so many start believing their own press notices?
Back on 'Words With Friends', feel free to add me if you're up for it: m.m.farooqui
happy birthday ya bang
much love to my PooBear and daughter Jai Wade..still enjoying the residue of our time n the 'A'
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I don't know what it is with the iTunes updates lately. Now it doesn't want to sync with my iPad.
#gophers bball team at Target shopping with those less fortunate. Much respect gentlemen. Merry Christmas!
CFO clarifies CPS paid into pension fund but was a reduced amount. Rep: Planning on treating each fund same? CFO: Principles consistent.
I tried but the link isn't recognized by my browser (Chrome). Ideas? (I'm up to my usual today: global domination.) :)
Skip Bayless on LBJ- "Like a good neighbor state farm is there, with a clutch gene!" lmfao
I AM POSITIVE SEBASTIAN.
Aw shucks! Thanks for the kind words about #Beertown. 'Twas great having you visit.
perhaps you need a recombobulation center. Okay, letting that one die, tempting tho it will ever be.
Follow us !
we'll see you there shelbs
Perfect night in Austin
Couldn't have said it better myself RT ": Glad I switched over to watch inspirational story."
I feel my levels of cynicism and sarcasm rising. Could be a long evening.
I'm done with all the bullshit
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt! Tunechi! ~Lil Wayne &Drake The Motto <3
doesn't everybody?!
Just getting home
stop trashing because let's face it, are YOU really going to marry him? No. is happy with her, r u blind to that?
Today's post-chemo song: Disco Inferno. Burn that mother down!
Shelf-life of Tiles rendered from is important to declare to users
...to forgive is canine! good one. One of my dog's was very sensitive...hurt and she would bite me on accident. I told her...
SHOUTOUT TO FOLLOW HER YOU WONT REGRET IT.=)
Want $250 credit? To enter, tweet the scariest place you've ever been, include
Just got home from intro the biblical languages class learned the Greek alphabet tonight & read a few words
Hickory hickory dock.The mouse ran up the clockThe clock struck oneBut the rest got away with minor injuries
great site
You've got it bad! Lol!
Man! what a great time in Cincinnati. Thanks to everyone that made it such an awesome night. We'll be back soon!
The only thing not stiff on my body after lunch is my dick. So hard to get back to work.
One question Katy wats rusty rockets plzz re tweet<U+E056>
I LOVE that song! Great idea! I have a song planned for my next video but I'll definitely do that one soon :)
Was that an earthquake? Very sudden!
The printed chronicle of the #thatcamproadtrip hijinks should be called "Run Over This Book."
we've all seen what happens to those who try to go drug free..... Mary J.... thats all I have to say
...And it's all, because you lied!
We hope that gentleman told you how BEAUTIFUL you looked! Thank you for sharing the photo.
Syrians are protesting outside the Russian embassy again. I need to study and they're getting louder.
i see ya background doe..
as expected, passed the Millersport exit on the way home yesterday and Michelle and I waved for you!
well..the weekend is gone, the week is beginning<<<lookin' forward to it ^_^
Def won't be better than the original!
it's official! Game postponed to June 30th.
hurry and get on skype faggot
Thank you for #WW love! Cheers :)
let me know if u need a hand. It's what I do :)
Is Newt dropping out really "Breaking" news?
Treat your audience like poets and artists and they will have the chance to become them
Sorry to hear you didn't enjoy it. Chef Tai is out of town. Do u want to pass along your experience? Happy to share it with him.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend and a happy Easter
Agreed! I can tell you're sitting outside of Picasso's. Selfish.
James 1:27 "Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress..."
is it tru that you came from florida????? and im just asking bacause i used to live in florida
lol I'm sorry to hear that.
RT Where are you switching to? here I come! Other suggestions?
okay. That's a fair opinion, but given the number of RT's it's already received, I'm led to believe readers are interested.
my roommates kid. Lol not mine. I have 0 and I don't plan on having #1 for years to come.
#ccbas winner K-2 category is i#ccbas Lester Laminack & Henry Cole for 3 hens & a peacock
Awww np! Also thank you, congrats on yesterday from a reply from she's so sweet. lol :)
holy shit. he was talking about jews "that fell asleep in rooms and ovens" i cant make this up....that was serious.
#taylorallderdice & some pineapple express
this is awesome! thx for sharing!!
thanks for that
Hello Tweethearts ... IM BACK! :)
Its a freakin holiday & ive been up since just after 4am. Ugh. Enjoy your #LaborDay everyone!
youre gorgeous omg
“: For your Sunday reading: revisits In any other town Fletcher would have been thrown a parade!
...says don't try to impress me with what you have. Impress me with who you are.
A BIG thank you to all who helped get the word out about the 13th Annual Museum Day here in Fairbanks, Alaska!
Of course! They do! lol My wife is one of them too! ;-)
RT : Don't forget to get your tax deduction before 2011 comes to an end. Call us at (310) 204-4669 to arrange for a......
Finally at home for the weekend,
I love that movie :)
You won't beat me in this conversation bruh. Even you yourself said how this mouth piece of mines got some good ass game attached to it
good morning sunshine!
Requesting sweatshirts, sweatpants & socks.
send an email to He can help you sort through all of it :)
Anyone know why people would be lined up outside of the fox theatre today? I'm out of the loop.
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
my friend bday is May 15th. She's a huge fan of Can u plz RT this and get him to tweet her.
Great to meet with you today !
You think PAC's on the roids?
Gotta love the old man. Hehehe ": “It doesn’t matter what my profit margin is, I own the f@#$ing place.” - #FavoriteOldManSayings"
My new mission is to add surprise and delight to every calendar!
RT : Amazing take-aways from Session 1 of the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit! God is up to something BIG!
Can't help but love Alexander's corner. Classic.
SARINNE. IM GONNA CRY. IM COMING. INVITE ME.
- things are great in NYC. tough loss for the Bucks on Sunday though. we'll just have to win the B1G tourney to make up for it!
Woke up early during spring break just to listen to s interview on
is taking a sales call in the US Consumer queue. Thanks #Dell for connecting with our customers.
Who wants to be my buddy?? :)
I wrote it only last night as part of #NaPoWriMo. I have a lot of poems out there, though, and I'm hopeful.
Just watched Dance Moms Miami... is absolutely amazing!!
RIP Whitney I'll definitely be watching The Bodyguard for you!
Welcome to Twitter Little Beck - (with and )
And I got to play referee
I'm going to my brother-in-law's bachelor party tonight.
When Amanda Knox returns to the US. I have a feeling shes going to stay away from the Jersey Shore.
Want to chat first thing next week?
devon!!! miss you, and since when are you too cool to say hi to me at track!?
Pick me! RT : Win! To celebrate our #opf2011 shortlist we have 2 sets to give away when we reach 4000 followers. RT to win!
Sigh. Write an article without even reaching out to the organization whatsoever. You call that journalism?
no one ever likes my pictures on facebook. if a slutty girl posts the most hideous picture of herself on there, she'll get 100000. gaah
The European energy mix is a product of Putin, Fukushima, and Nordic fjords.
Please help Chess-in-the-Schools follow more people on Twitter! We need more followers in order to follow more. Please RT to help CIS
taking a nap cuz im sleepy dnt forget to give me some songs to sing for my #YouTube videos please THX and
LOL. See what she started? *shakes head sadly*
There's a Deep Purple song "It's Not The Kill. It's The Thrill Of The CHASE!"
im checking in with passport on the mobile app what do you get from doing it?
words to think about: "What evil prevails when good men stay silent!"
I wish more of my friends had I love that app, but I only have 11 friends on it.
Ill sleep when I'm dead.
dexter morgan as david fisher...
Last day in ND be back to MN tomorrow boi
Jaguars draft Blackmon. No one in Jacksonville notices.
Good. My biggest complaint though is that both times I've had one, they've been med-rare, despite not being asked about temp.
We've been a little quiet the past few days. We are working hard to get the full schedule finished.
right? every time the GOP agrees to something I'm like "and how screwed did everyone who isn't rich get?" le sigh.
Keep it coming guys! When should we give you a preview?
Goodell tells NFL retirees that pension and disability benefits will not lower in season w/o salary cap
Sometime it's like didn't u read that cuz you acting like a bitch!
Everything she said
Those words made me react in such a way
Working on downsizing - again! The less I walk with the better!
"Animal crackers in my soup, monkeys and rabbits loop the loop".. what u kno bout that kid?
ADR session got cancelled last night due to work schedule. Screening tomorrow for a few friends and deadline next week!
Mr. Ogle singing christmas music
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
thank you! Sigh... I can't keep it inside. I'll be okay.
How come? Honest question.
(yesterday's) Tip of the day: Being late is still bad.
Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid. John Wayne
Happy Birthday! If you need it, I'd love to get you a second cup of coffee! Just head to the first floor of old main and...
How smart are you if you're trying to steal a cop car?
I'm constructing the most hateful work of writing I've ever done. This is fun.
is that a corn muffin with guacamole?
haha, I'm in the same boat today! In jammies and heading to bed!
I want to punch League of Legends right in the damn face. -_-
m I've been wanting to try that! Wish they had it for lunch but it's dinner only.
lol ok were doing this!!! our lifes will be forever changed!!!!!
Audition number two today! For a commercial again.
#thingssomepeopledonthave COMMON SENSE
need 2 twins, male,midget, or old people,job sing happy b-day to this person, pay 100$ 512-785-8906. in Vegas
don't worry- pictures and videos will be shared. Even better, he only lost one eyebrow and random patches of hair.
help me out please
Honestly it is not about branding/loyalty to an engaging person (who we love) but expanding on possibilities. Even *she* agrees
Resurrection time...
Is Justin Beiber holding Mayweathers belts
Why do you shut down I-77 south during a nearly sold out home indians game against a regional rival?
Thank you lady!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Never be afraid to be amazing." ~Unknown
amazing concert!!!
#infsum p50 skipping the daily show to crawl in bed with the book
It was a pleasure to meet you! & an honor! Doe & I will reach out to you shortly. salute.
Hes on the left if chahci
Agree! : The best writers I know want great, tough editors. They wouldn't have it any other way.
Lol! Back when gave me a Shoutout. It was so funny to not forget. "Shoutout to...Ery?" She even pronounced it right. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Happy birthday <U+2764>
there's so much more I wish I could be doing
Just had an amazing experience at the Boston Opera House with !!!
Not my dog asian man...my friend's hope ur well. RT : your dog looks so adorable! And tasty!
How bout I call you? !*)
Getting a ton of snow in Peralta.
yep in the ATL
i make things every day. i will participate. i have an exhibition coming up in July so everyday in june will be a busy one. :D
That's awesome.
In honor of the Instagram deal, I am building a business that will convert all tweets and postings into their poor-grammar equivalent.
didn't Kendricks play inside? How did he get matched up o. TEs?
My lil bro is a fool.
Dear Roderick, thanks for following!
The great operatic tenor/Cantor #RichardTucker put 8-yr old me on his lap after hearing my solo in a synagogue, and made a fuss with me.
Last topic from me: LBS games. has made LBS (in the US) interesting again. Now venues are getting into the game.
Kids, stay off the busway. Got a nice ride in a cop car last night :P
this what we waited months for?
I had a little monkey His name was father O He wears a funny getup And puts on quite a show. . . (Cont.)
obviously the #UnderratedEP duh (;
so i am a proud jonas fan and i am not afraid of what ppl have to say follow if you believe it too
Right now, the one thing cheering me up, is old videos. God, this kid and his food addiction.<3
com, that covers the aspects of how to be an EA video game tester
Physically & mentally prepared, focused , determined, self motivated , 12 yrs applying #Survivior ~:-)
If these guys bad then I gotta be a demon.
Who needs ideas?
Missed it at SXSW so had to catch Marley tonight. Amazing documentary about a man who truly loved all & gave us such sweet music. Go see it.
I'll be there Friday for 5/10 come say hey
Some people think assessment is synonymous with testing. Observation is often a very useful form of assessment.
My grand babies asked me to get them tickets to see some child called ASAP Rockie...I asked them when they start listening to country music
U S Marshall Raylon Givens is the greatest #Pronto by the great Elmore Leonard.
Fantastic! How about you?
Walking and I feel like falling in a hole. Guess what finally kciked in
I'm so happy im off today. :)
Portland School Superintendent Carole Smith tellsFM News 101 how she thinks schools can be better funded 5-9 tomorrow AM
Explain to me why I have yet to watch #XmenFirstClass?
hopefully? Thought you worked there or something
Friday-It may be snowing, but we are still open all night with great live piano music! Mike Massey starts at 6pm, Richard Shaten at 9pm
I went swimming and now I am searching for the Goblin gost to ;)
let the bottled up hate pour out onto this keyboard, and may someone actually read it and do something about it.
Tip of the day: If you have under eye circles, avoid using purple and grey eyeshadow as they can emphasize the circles below your eyes."
My worst enemy is regret :/
yah! more powers to you guys! <3 take care and good luck^^
Beginning to think donating to certain charity organizations is akin to making a political statement...
If not before then, will likely be back here around the 5/10 or so. Love to everyone.
Linux and Gaming: Full Steam Ahead
Good one! RT : A chance to qualify for the Indy 500 would be pretty high on my list ...
If you've seen the I'm a Man video Like this status!
calling it a night with 1100 words done. Into scene 2 of chapter 2. More #amwriting tomorrow. Night kids :)
Staff meal today was Pho with tripe and pork belly. Real nice!
come on dude, my response tweet was way better.
#Random thought Do women in prison get their Hair done ? Isnt that a part of grooming or Do they just Say Fuck their Head
#Grateful. Flying out in the morning-booked my 1st gig in 2012.
Wouldn't you prefer a gang?
What's even more embarrassing for Mickey Loomis is that he couldn't even have a winning team from 02-04.
OMG I KNOW. he said he's uploading another one when he gets back from rehearsals i can't wait
Congrats to the very handsome, smart and Adrian Brody-looking on his super great graduation :)
Don't you worry your pretty little mind,people throw rocks at things that shine,and life makes love look hard<3
#rochester stop in this weekend and visit all of our cats and dogs available for #adoption!
I think it's great that I'm hearing the Chris Brown verson of FAME for the first time and thinking, "Not as good version."
I don't even wanna THINK about how much work I have to do for school or how much I'm behind #woof #superstressed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Very true!! I wish everyone could find this!
They won't be there yet, but you can get your #11 Ellis custom tee made for you tonight!
I'll be on the show Body of Proof tonight. On ABC @ 10pm pacific
digging the bio, every one of them!
how the fuck did you find me on twitter.
just got THE VOW <3 now im just waiting for SOMEONE to show up so we can watch it!!!! (:
hey I really enjoyed your talk in SF on creativity! thanks for the insights!
just shut up
trying to get my own system going ere
Office Live almost out of the gate
ugh get on. DUDE DUDE DUDE. hi
RT : off to val gardena for a bit of speed and air.
oh thinking about making a trip out to Cali! Side project in the wings, ya heard??
#AutoRepair Getting Custom Automobile Steering Wheels is a Growing Trend
Haha but that may take a bit too long. Now you put me in a mood for Indian. Adios sushi!
Thank you, Mary! Blessings...
29K words down, 21k words to go for my new novel. It's sexy. I promise.
ah shit. guess it's out
I don't want your shitty ass friendship.
I agree, the dark clouds need to keep movin'. We'll get sunbreaks this week, but much cooler with showers. Cant' wait til wkend
[26] Full genome sequencing has resulted in the conclusion that after 6
Avatar ! I love this movie :)
partying with styles & co. andd ooh, i see, i see. well they better not switch hotels or i will ruin their lives.
11 more days Thank You Jesus :-)
*kicks your face* t-____-t
U SHOULD HAVE NOT LEFT TONIGHT IVE BEEN CRYING NON STOP! i luv u! Keep on singing like u make me keep on singing. Luv u!
dodged a bullet there
LOL if someone is saying some bad stuff or things about me. Don't send me a message. PRAY for them.
notes on writing: use less words
#WhyDoPeople hate on others to feel better about themselves?
nothing yet. Damn it.
here's hoping. That article was in '10 so hoping they ain't forgot :p
Hey, can I come with you?
One game and the have been written off. Whatever man
Get some rest everyone! You'll need it for the sports games tomorrow.
My mom needs to chill out.
I'm cashed out I could give a fuck what you thankin, I'm paid Bitch
I swear I just got a wiff of coconut rum and I think I just vommed
Jeff Bridges new album...is really fucking good. The Dude Abides.
lol not even that , and good wby :)?
Rock Make Fest Saturday! Awesome free music provided by + more. Brand new stickers from yours truly. 18th & Treat.
Thanks, bro. I appreciate that. FYI - that picture is actual size. :)
Good morning #Filmmakers only one week left until the last deadline for film submissions to TFFOC!
CONGRATULATIONS!! I totally see you in a Mustang Convertible.. Awesome! haha
at supportseattle at uber dot com! :)
well, now I am coming!! Thanks for the heads up
#FF A few great Academy alums to follow Hit those Follow buttons!
yay no school tomorrow!!
Glad to see Kenyon Martin playing again. I just wish he was playing with the
Did we mention the Allman Brothers Band and Lynyrd Skynyrd are coming Friday, August 3rd? Aw hell!
u prolly used that pic b4
#MakesMeSMH when taxpayers act surprised at their tax obligation/refund results..changes in tax laws and taxpayer circumstances will do that
thats cool my cable gets american channels.
hahaha!!!! I have been there :)
k.. Sounds like a pussy call. You called us our last noght. Wevwon series man up dude
Turns out if you use the carcasses of smoked chickens, you get a tasty, smoky stock
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
I had to stop my workout because some creepy maintenance guy kept stopping and leering at me. :/
thank you for your feed back! Please let us know if you do come across any
Well that's just great Hallmark! This Mayan calendar I bought from you is missing 10 days at the end of December!
just saw a URL with /cgi-bin in it, blast from the past.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
Can you find out if DF Baton Burton is back...Haven't gotten any info from distributor again.
I broke the rules and had a breakfast quesadilla It was really good!
RT I don't normally use my hands, they just lay next to me .....I usually leave a $50 tip afterwards
Does the 58 detour affect any Winterburn stops?
Canada Dollar Strengthens for 2nd Quarter on U.S. Growth Outlook - Bloomberg
well done guys... This is a chess game and you guys are more strategic players!
Purse is missing with passport, ticket, IDs and money. Gotta run. Not good. Very, not good!
oops!!! see that? my twit right there will garnish a half-dozen new porn-twit spams at least. see you in April, I'm sure!!! gaf
Its 60 in Boston and is having a powder day. I need to be in vermont.
these old ppl I work with they be writing me talking about "wazzzzz up" are you trying to be cool? lol
YES! Congratulations! DM us your mailing address! :) RT : his bedroom
He was incredible!
Love the way Ben Tate runs.
We're a Mac school ;)
i love it when he calls me during the day though, no matter what it is that we talk about it's that boost of energy i need to get me by.
I can be anything. I'll be your everything. Just touch me baby. I don't wanna be sad.
What locally owned Lincoln Park business would you like to see become a member of GoLocal?
SOAKED! On Star Island coming to you November 5...tickets go on sale this week stay tuned for more details.
Just finished reading Shift by Just beautifully done, even better than Shade. I have a date with Shine a year from now!
my clients fight over "The Color Issue" and the "Hair Special Issue" of at the salon!
THIS WEATHER IS SO NICE!!!!
Niggas will shit on yuh ever chance they get
taking sage to knott's today!! Funnel cake here we come!
Ok I'm not at the #MetGala tonight but that's ok...breath in, breath out :)
Seriously? That's crazy.
November to supts: you don't have the legal problems online you think you do
Exploring the vast world of Twitter...wow, so much all in one place!
it better not suck
not yet trying to start
Oh Nvm. RNG is Saved, Their Obv Ustreaming at their hotel so ..
Following up on my last tweet, the choice is... Glock
Thank you very much. Beautiful page!
I'm hating until I'm invited
Proud of my alma mater finally winning on the road this week, beating Auburn.
I cut it in an arch - in honor of your trip :)
Well as my work wife I fear your wrath if I forget those sorts of details
They are going to tow Shuttle Discovery from Dulles Airport to the Smithsonian on Thursday. That will be an interesting sight.
Tonight we rock Shark City in Glendale Heights come out and help us win the battle of the effin bands we play at 9:30!
i love you i love you i love you!
thanks Darling! :) xx
what do you plan on doing with your life?
Thank you to everyone for your support at the Portland and Seattle shows. is an amazing car company and thank you for ur support
I'm proud of you
You guys suck
buy #NYR won, so who gives a shit ...
Hope is ok! Take care of your ankle and get ready for adidas Nations next week.
Lol girl dont hate. All my freaks call me that!
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations. - S.Rippetoe
LOL! I will have my own seamstress who sews my leather book covers onto my books printed on the finest parchment fabrics...
Phil Ethington: Library as a crypt and books as tombstones
Believe in yourself!
ha ha they depressing me wit this history lesson/look into the future message lol
Just had a Brad Ranchero at Kimmie's. Yumm.
send me some of your cupcakes :)
Your Body is Your Temple So how well do you know it?
I'm going to wait for 4.0 and then see how I feel.
Aw the real Niko with the Real Elway. I miss that Elway.
Is it possible to out grow family?
That moment you text something deep and all you get is an "ok" -____-
Fake females equal insecure niggas stop the cycle
Amarillo sky
The Dagwood: layered sandwich of pork burger & swiss, turkey & cheddar, fried chicken with a fried egg and other delicious accoutrements
My ma was jus singing meek! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I didn't say I was running. I retweeted He's got to run.
Good chat about communications and #socialmedia during the loud session at
(at mcdonalds) : can i get a mcdouggle?
How we've missed you on Twitterverse!
Andrew, it seems you're angry at everything lately.
Lol it doesn't! I wish it was warm. Not hot. Not cold. Just warm. And omg lol my bed is SO cold. Haha wow
Hey tweets! Whats up today? Anything fun
Love me or hate me I don't give a sh*t ok so
first day of work went awesome (: I love my job.
latter, for sho... or possibly a combo of both
I wont grow my hair out..
Finish them!!!
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Have been on hold for over 30 minutes, and having trouble remembering why I called in the first place.
Braun fouls off his leg. I think he just yelled for some "fudge".
HAPPY B-DAY TO ALL YOUR BOY H
Happy holidays, whichever you celebrate. Wishing you a warm and cozy winter if you don't.
you're just as handsome now as you were then!!!
Its a really good #wine too!
Josh Hamilton is too nasty
Stupidest girl in the history of humanity.
Yes! That's sounds like the kind of Saturday I should be having.
Only if his daddy lets him.
peanuts have IQ's? :o I didn't know thaat.. lmao
Hey Alan-Thanks for sharing news @ our bootleg- it goes on sale next Monday 14th. Can you help correct your post?
Thursday night, Smalls Jazz Club w/Lawrence Fields, Luques Curtis & Kendrick Scott, Tabreeca Woodside on Vocals & me on Vibes. Come on out.
HQ is Los Angles. But our service will be servicing casting and actors worldwide.
I am a maniac
I'm going to have to try that again, I remember not liking it the first time but I keep getting recommendations.
lmao today was just....
New shirt designs, and new music coming your way! Get stoked!
Ha. Best tweet today. RT : that awkward moment when you realize you're wearing the outfit in your avatar
we'll have to find a way!
where what ?
The best advice for arguing with a parent, suck up your pride. Put yourself where they would want you to be but they wont expect it.
Being a good bf and sitting by myself cause at this going away party I know no one.Only option is to dance but they keep having dance offs.
McMenamins West Side Open House 3pm to 7pm on April 24th. We will showcase all of our West Side Properties, great for meetings & retreats!
Thanks for the follow and congrats on HOP!
he hit a boy in the face
clever clever!
Congratulations to Baja #RIT for its 3rd place finish at the Baja SAE Alabama event held this past weekend at Auburn University!
I just had the Niagara falls of blood come out of my nose :[
Ben+Ann Haddad took refuge in their car; charging cell+reading.. If you have any blkout stories, plz. contact me: .
did she deserve that for texting etc while driving?
Lets go Brewers!! And....walk Goldschmitt please lol...
If I treat you, the way you treated me. You would hate me.
I was thinking would be the one to make us late... But no, it's and
why are lolcats the perfect medium with which one can communicate with their parents?
I have no idea, how have you been? I was a super busy week vcofr me.
sure:) followed :)
I think Rondo gets suspended. Big hit to Celtcics' chances.
time for a lil #genealogy research and 2012 family reunion planning
We are holding a Free educational seminar here in Las Vegas on Wednesday the 28th. please go to our website to find out how to RSVP.
I <U+2764> to shower to "Claire de Lune" on full blast ...
The heathens are winning with a song about masturbating... Or are they? Hrm... It's a trap!
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Merry Christmas.
Today is Spirit Day, Remember the words and actions that you commit in life can alter someone elses life completely. Rest in peace Seth.
I better be in on this.
Q2 change- we need a new flavor of koolaid to drink ;)
I am sad that Desperate Housewives has ended! This was my mom's and mine's favorite show!!!
Nice play by Holtby cutting down Chara's angle. Chara could have shot that earlier though
I'm really excited about the ADDY Awards this Friday in Seattle ~ yay!
I can hook you up w that no prob.
In one of the most elite clubs in vegas. In a cabana. Overlooking the city and the club. Yeah...bang
Had lots of fun and learned a ton at #dlfforum and #thatcamp #pub but am so glad to finally be home! If only I had energy left to join
My shampoo/cond. says it's #glutenfree, but I'm not convinced since I seem to be having a bad reaction to it. Hm
I hate that face lol
What should I ask this morning? He's mayor of Del Mar and wants to be the next SD County Supervisor
Have an extra shot for me :)
my captain America shirt is in full force.
R.I.P. Ben Breedlove </3
Dreamed that I had dinner with George Clooney & Biz Markie at Then they walked out on the $1000 check, sticking me w/ it.
I'll be plastering pics everywhere. You won't be able to miss it if you just pop on fb or something. :P
I'm making plans for a downsized Thanksgiving this year. No Turkey, just a Stuffed Chicken. Anyone else trimming their holiday plans?
#note from #NastBoyz all these niggas rock the #boat but we #MAKE #da #WAVES #bowww lol
no! Just been a long day!
Are U the Voice of Jesus Christ?? Let His light SHINE through U! Spread the word of God’s Love! Have a wonderful weekend everyone! – HBN TV
Come out and see a last minute show at on monday! 5$ for people coming to see the working hour! (1/2 off!)
Writing a letter to him...gotta learn that im now a lady not a child.
Did you try converting to MOV? That should work as long as you have QuickTime installed. Maybe try Format Factory?
You're greatest supporter of You brought amazing tweets to best friends known as #Victorians <U+2665> :)
Wondering what delicious tacos is cooking up for tonights #TacoTuesday!?
I'm really gonna feel salty if coach makes me run the 200m tomorrow
MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install "news-feed chip" in his skull.
wondering how long maintenance takes :)
If you, O Lord, should mark iniquities, Lord who could stand? But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered
"I don't know what it meant, but it felt good on my lips." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Some ppl are too damn confusing...they tell.u don't do a certain thing n u dont do it n they still get mad...
Don't get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
is hot!
In Salmon Creek WSDOT crews are opening up another lane on the 134th St exit from I-205 NB this morning around 6:00.
Reputation points have worked well to get better citizen contributed data.
YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!! I'M JEALOUS!!!! D:
Um changed my pic.
Downtown LA.
Hey there, always great to meet a fellow PNW writer!
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday! (:
Everyone go and follow the most gorgeous girl i know on twitter! Xx
The 4 of us left in theater just laughed. It was a great moment.
I'm still not sure I buy "both parties equally to blame." That's a lazy media crutch.
u have to play that again ..... R&B need a comeback ....
"Aint no cow stepping on my toe" - Miranda
i have a Q: how do u handle maximizing time w/blogging? 2 posts a wk + checking in w/others sounds like a lot
Just realized is back on tomorrow night! , are you going to watch? Can't. Wait.
Sunday Predictions: Niners beat Dallas, Laundry gets done, I resist buying Star Wars on Blu/Ray.
Heading to my one one one consultation :-) schedule yours today!! www.prbynatalie.com
just wasted a good 25 cents on a rice crispy treat
Post concert depression <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I had fun though (:
thanks man! swung in some #newfeds M&S too. hope to shake&move at some #librar*danceparty soon
Isn't that a little narrow. One show can turn you around? Tough crowd!
I could tell that he was nervous. But I don't blame him. It was his first time performing the song. He was still flawless as fuck tho!
DUH I'M PRETTY SURE IT'S DORCAS...AM I WRONG?
OMG YES. FINALLY A FOLLOWER ON MY BELIEBER-PROBZ TUMBLR :D
oh sorry! I followed you back!:)
Yep. So the House just wasted about $3,000 of our money printing a DOA bill. Thanks, guys.
hell yea ..... cook bitch
what article and who's lying that you're a team player?!? #nosirr lol - have a great one Mr. March
Want more blog traffic? Often times blog traffic, like website traffic, can be elusive. Be proactive in getting blog traffic, use RSS.
is so freaking gorgeous. :)
lol i know thats why i just call you a asshole and keep it moving lmao
Magazine journalism? Did you go to Mizzou?
Bf3 looks awesome i cant wait 4 it
aye ill paly u again tomorrow ima get off now lol
Well, you DO look shifty.
When it rains every part of my body aches. And I have no clue why
A charcoal grill and satellite radio?!! Forget the Ferrari. I want a luxury iREV.
it's only the beginning of #Legna world so you have no idea what's gonna happen ;)
me too he's such an awesome guy he just came up and started talking to me one day at camp. Very cool guy. Glad to see that sack!
I'm still wasted...and I'm at work. WAY TO BE A WINNER!!!
Im late on that tweet tho cuz i guess he's already been freed lol
Sitting here working on 3 different videos at the same time.....headache.
YES TO THIS. A THOUSAND TIMES YES!
Americans- we often don't know anything about a given subject, but we usually have some reckoning about it, don't we?
He/She who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life - Muhammad Ali
Tune into E! News tonight at 7:00 & 11:30 p.m. to see Grey Lee Designs’ ‘Tycoon’ cufflinks featured in the ! #Valentine’s Day gift guide!
eww!. you could have made sure it was a better shot! ;P
Yeah man, that's what I'm talking about!
I asked my boyfriend if he already knows what he's going to be for Halloween. He replied: "Single."
You should treat yourself! The appetizers and dinners are delish.
Big things coming up for me next week!
Shook Adams hand
Stand up, where heels and smile on phone interviews.
I'm doing pretty good. Super tired studying for my world history test. But how about you?
booskii. Play words with friends since your BEGGED.
Hey #Chicago! We're a new Twitter feed dedicated to the greatest referral group in Chicagoland — the Chicago Power Lunch Network!
I hate when somebody pick the smallest thing to fall out with you behind..... Truth is u never liked me to begin with
-A- nobody is not the same as -THE- nobody. "I'm a nobody, and a nobody is perfect. therefore..." FTFY.
This guy man is strugglin in the booth! I'm in a
Sadly yes. There was an instant elimination by coaches after performances. And Lindsey's performance was AWFUL. So bummed! :(
lol what part? That's coo tho, making money is always good<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>&pretty much the same thing tho. Just riding round and gettin it lol
Hey follow !
did you receive my direct message via twitter?
How u gonna get mad a me for callin u a bitch if u call yourself a bitch. I thought that was ur name
Why you cold?
Go see #bellflower Holy hell
Just heard the new song and i love it. Amazing!
And I'm still hungry :/
Time to bundle up!! :)
Ha! So it was a term of endearment then! Certainly the positive way to look at it.
king cock blocker.
Lol. Someone left a comment on OurStage asking if I was Uh, no.
It's packed down here
Don't forget that I was like the tenth most popular photographer on the site. Higher than
hes a legit reporter too.He provided intimate details at t/ Super Bowl, Perrish Cox trial & Manning saga. Les isnt classy lol
Enjoying my first free Saturday in a long time!
no problem (: but we could just do it at school or something
RT : #Drummers in the the #Milwaukee Area ... Follow
lol no problem.
RT : Some people are handing out Bibles for Halloween instead of candy. I'm making everyone happy & handing out Candy Bibles.
Phone now :) Might watch TV in a little bit :) text me if you got the digits :)
Westward Ho! in Devon, UK was named after a novel which was set in the area. Who even knew Snoop Dogg wrote novels?
Oh certificate requirements...WHY DO YOU CHANGE!!
He must be mistaken me for someone that cares.
People that ride golf carts in airports, do the moving sidewalks just require too much energy for you?
“RT: "You still have a lot of time to make yourself be what you want. There's still lots of good in the world." - S.E. Hinton”
Hi, Almie: Just checked, & we don't have them. So sorry! Thnx for the idea of Paley Bars. Sent your idea to the buyer now.
I know
The #Spurs are the best, most exciting team nobody knows about.
DANG ALL YALL NIGERIANS GOIN IN..
yea we will see if paulie pavillion sells out then ....
Ooh yes you should learn to skate so you can play hockey! Used to play floor hockey back in the day, but ice is tough!
Aint nuthin like that that Texas heat.
oh yeah.. i have been there!! they put melted cheese on my tamale and it upset me once.. but i'd be willing to try it again
Sorry i had sex with ulga last night.
of course :) welcome to the family we #Codyiacs support and <3 him :)
yeah, surprising
Staying as sick as possible so i don't have to do homework and i don't have to go to school tomorrow oops.
Getting a late start to tweeting, but I'm here! First time ever I didn't get lost driving in Baltimore.
RT Convinced beauty is a direct reflection of heart.
#idontlikeyoubecause you dont act your age
Can't sleep...
That is strange for such a big production!
OMGG. Same. ;D
All of my friends are planning trips to Vegas and going on cruises. I'm off to the Harry Potter Theme Park this week!
what team can I be on?(:
is totally tore it up at Kamps tonight!! For sure.
hi followe me?
if the jets re-sign plaxico I'm gunna shoot myself in the leg
no problem! (: have you checked out our tunes?
Angelina's near the Tuilleries 226 Rue de Rivoli. And try the hot chocolate! Amazingly rich
Just submitted my ballot for the Awards. Almost 8 minutes early this year. Or maybe 7 minutes not too late.
There's a fire melting my ice cream
haha no you have to retire it lol.......
thanks was an amazing show! Was fun and nice to see u and all girls. U shine girl
Final Bill Morrison () silent film 2nite. Masterful "Decasia," 's M. Gordon score, played by 60+. , 7:30 FREE.
I was wondering where he went. Wasn't me, though he appears to be enjoying himself!
hey! i love your profile pic, girl! <3 Is it real?
#sdmayornp "I used to be known as King of Sewage"
'Popularity in junior high and high school doesn't mean anything in real life'
- We are so excited!
Don't we all? RT RT if you speak sarcasm as a second language
Sitting next to a dead shark in a jar...
Yay for the magic of a Furnan sticker on my car!
Great to hear on WYPR show. Mike is a great representative of pent-up excitement in Bmore innovation community
high's and lows... never sip that wack juice...
Yup! husband has been wanting to go on European vacation. Now Barcelona (our first time in these places).
#FavouriteLyric So you can make me cum, that doesnt make you Jesus..
"Don't let the pigeon run this app" is a fun app for little ones.
fair to midland is the only reason to take a break from SW:TOR
oh no trend #happybirthdayjboogz this is more important sorry but she's just a sister not a boy.
I wanna be the reason all women become obese because they get treated like shit so they eat away their sadness
Overheard little boy and caretaker at lunch today:"What's an archive?" "A place where very important things are kept." Can't say I disagree.
I can't wait to get off work
#Networking, like shaving, is something you have to do every day.
RT : People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
So during the practice lockdown at my school I "got shot in the head" by my principal. I died. Isn't that nice to know. -_-
pa follow back..
Buy your tickets for November 26th. Il Signo &La Mafia
3am for me in Alaska!! Glory glory!!
Hm ... says Tim Welke bad ... says Tim Welke one of the best ... Who to believe?
Thank you to , , and everyone who made #DADT repeal a reality!
haha oky? do u like cheese? i love cheese LMAO
I think part of #pbl is letting go + trusting that the kids will do a good job, is that correct? I'm trying to not micromanage
yeah, on my iPhone... Frustrating that the site is neglected in the same features...
that might be one of my favorite tweets of all time
is there any way to know how many votes there is on my 'show us your Q' picture or is it like, secret until may 21st :(
oh yea, favorite class ever.......
Happy Monday David!! Love your music!
Weed,girls,"swag" doesnt make you a "boss'' dipolmas,dgrees,jobs do .
What a busy day at egg's nest today! So excited to meet all the mommies to be in
The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus
Aiken-trained Alpha turns in work Saturday in preparation for the Derby - Aiken Standard
You like beer huh girl check out the RB event the beginning of May, one restaurant featured has 50 beers on tap!
Girl you're on a roll!
I'm blessed to be able to continue my studies! I learning so much each day! Nice to know you, too. Blessings! †
#Berkeley gets another #earthquake. 3.6, enough to wake this Berkeleyan.
Right now Drew is in his underwear watching old episodes of Whose Line. Copy Government handler? Over. *squawk*
Will do!
Had to change my avi to the man, and the ROY . Congrats man
Close second best birthday present: autographed Thomas Dolby CD. Squee!
Violence campaign, people are being pussys and a bunch of bitches.
Holy.crap.
its an issue of an unhappy head childrens librarian and her incompetent rageful assistant.
Field trip!
. & are pairing together for #AusOpen Mixed Doubles. What would be your all-time favorite mixed doubles team?
Bahhaha it say GET TESTED bahaha.
I don't do NHL. Moral opposition. But the NFL Draft will be interesting, for sure.
Wake -6.5 for the second half seems like easy money
Tonight: AutoMatic Beats featuring Plan Beats w DJ Selfborn at.Automatic Slims Bekay
DIs is only tha beginning! Now its time ta start on tha road to winning my grammy!!!
good morning!
styled on em, jamaican hit
need song ideas. x/ -Ashley
I love you! :D
Daily Special, Wed 04/25/12 - Spaghetti w/ Italian marinara & lg meatball, served with garlic toast, salad, and choice of dressing. $6.09 RT
; - I loaded the press release into our system on Friday & did not update it w/today's date
Thank you....about to lease right now.
#theburiedlife book invented swag.
Stella Adler on theater and its purpose: "The theater was created to tell people the truth about life and the social situation."
no man that you dont want to see me
RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Twitter is like my 'bagel' setting on a toaster; instantly making me half as effective while appearing a logical necessity.
and i'm still involved w/ that as much as i can be. i'm also seeing someone :)
": Your boy is finally verified!!! --- Thank you " only the best for u :)
what are you doing tonight? Haha
I heard the movie , The Devil Inside sucked -.-
?what do you want seen on aaron.tv
I am doing good and hope you are too.
evi!!! What are u doing up?
my web host has backed off on some default php configuration changes. thank god I don't have to go through and tighten my coding standards!
#SweetTea is my only addiction!
way i see it, if i forgive one person, i had to forgive everyone else involved. he was the evryone else category. now its just him
1 more week then pumpkin hollow it is. With my best friend and someone speciall! <33
lmfao whoa improper use of the word "swag"
Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote
Adventure is the essence of life.
^^^ proof that the 80s rocked
oh, hooray.
this was on of the most fun i have had in a while, it was just amazing.. was funny from beginning to end
questionin my future
nice outside...
I think a trip to Target is in order during my lunch break.
I can't. Go to Mrs. Parkersons car and get me the jacket
Hampden Bocce League Meet and Greet Next Thursday April 21st at Fraziers on the Avenue!!
With your skills, how could I say no? Great show too!
Nothing like working for crazy people!
Who said a wrong turn can't be a great adventure?
lol. Will try my best, sometimes I'm not so funny.
When I log into my #Marriott #Rewards account, how do I go about finding/printing the eFolio from a past #hotel stay?
Blue Plate lunch combo: ham & gorgonzola dolce sandwichette (smaller sandwich) w/ side salad: $6!
When guys try to talk to me and they have a girlfriend <<<<<
#FF to - Great updates on press freedom in the U.S. and #pubmedia issues.
First my land, now my remote? WTH? Lol
I love the smell of rain..& it makes your hair so soft!...Except I'm starting to waddle when i walk...
Happy Saturday to my new followers! Can't wait to read what you are up to as well! , , ,
beer: check. dire straits: check. cubes: check. script for importing brushes to maya: damnit I had one, is this it this one doesn't work wai
That is a long day!!
yeah! Those Arkansas girls!
who did she say she was? Haha
But if you're giant, you can run with the squids, the pandas, the catfish, the cupcakes, and of course, the 50 foot women.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Do not despair. For the LORD your G*d loves you more than the flowers, the birds, the dogs, the cats, the rodents, the fish, the butterflies
This world is very cut throat. If you don't have tough skin, u better get it and get it fast!
happy birthday to the best dancer in the whole world! :D oh and the girl who re-inspired me to be a dancer thanx chachi :D
seems like article focus was difficulty funding early stage drug/product ; surprised if VCs in that space fund apps & vice versa
you just gotta shut them out today and you got a shot
Tomorrow will be 3m 24s longer, says weatherunderground.com. To me, that means way more daylight shooting time.
Oh is my 1D singing interupting your conversation? TOO BAD.
Fuck it! :) Hope yer having a great weekend gorgeous! :) xo
my pleasure! Really enjoyed you video and the yummy recipe. Love your style!
Great golf weekend with and crew in Athens, TX
I'm so impressed with his leadership of our team. Under Murray they were crap. He worked magic.
It's a lot of illegals at my job lol
Perfection falls not to the share of mortals - Washington. such a visionary.
still love you
I just saw JustIn Beaver 3D, way different then the commercials.
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
Do this. Thanks for reinforcing that this is still a good way.
Join us tonight for Downbeat Switch, Vega Omega and Classic Monkey Shine (Cd Release) Music starts at 9ish. Only $10.00
yep we remember.... Good game! Now that we are healthy....maybe not-so-goo
Just accepted a job offer at Roll Global in Santa Monica, Ca.
I've decided that no statement can actually be true until proven true by the Fallout universe.
yes wil card good!
I always trust my dogs instincts; for years I had suspected the mailman was pure evil, but now I'm sure.
is it normal for your itunes to go up the list instead of down? im listening to adtr and its going up the list i dont understand
Booking a recurring role for comedy centrals the NickKroll show! So excited!
What's the biggest mistake you've made as the team's owner? Can you admit you've ever made a mistake?
So the guy came & told me the computer had a baby virus & i need to get norton to kill it
Dear Obama: You're still the one. I just donated $$ to the campaign.
IT FELT LIKE SOMEBODY HELD A BLOW DRYER IN MY FACE EARLIER. WIND WAS UP TO 60 MPH EARLIER. WITH 113 DEGREE WEATHER SMH
honestly, names aren't as important as the approaches anyway=)
Thank you and MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow to
I dmed it:}
Ovechkin, Backstrom, currently Holtby. I would say all un-touchable. If Semin gets a contract extension I'll be irate.
WTH!! Jet vs Bills. Are y'all playin football or pity pat. Geesh
after hanging with Porterfield for several days, their nuts are going to need a rest.
Overall I give #Broncos a C- on their draft. Got no value for trade down in first. Think they reached on a few guys, but what do I know?
#Romance tip of the week: If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Haha of course! And RIP black marker, chem notebook and favorite pencil
your immature prove your story.
not sure how that would work. I will have to ask around .
Any one who wants to hear some hip hop unsigned hype music DM me ur email. No spam Strt Ham RT
I got your back! :)
yayy! Can't wait (: miss your face!
Simply Complicated » Blog Archive » This is { Wherever ...
Bumper sticker ahead of me on Tokay Blvd: "Any day above ground is a good one." Amen brutha
#RigRigRig! Get #Ratings!
Glad your doing well. I had a busy holiday with some family and lots of friends., I hope school is going well for you,,
Wishing a happy #vday to all the ladies of #craftbeer!
I need that second wind right about now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'll sleep when I'm dead
i like bein around people i can be goofy with and random not so serious all the time.
i want a pet mini giraffe
hey idk if its the right thing but if it is can u play take care
WHOA SHUT UP #HIMYM #alwayskeepingmeguessing! Can it be next season yet?!
thanks!! I really like the tail! lol
I seen a baby cry seconds later he laughs...the beauty of life pain, pain never lasts.
Calories and Cold. Caloric restriction (10-15% RDA) is now joined by "low body temperature" as longevity biomarkers. Source: SRI May 2011
What I learned today: I'm not competent enough to park an automobile.
This! RT : A3 Retweets are like Twitter currency. Give them when you can.
Listen to my radio show, PTERODACTYL HOUR, at 9 pm pacific time. www.kjack.org
Thank you thank you!
"Girls go to college to get more knowledge, boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider."
Nom nom nom RT : Thanks to team mom for bringing me lunch even though I found a hair in my sandwich and it sucked. Gross.
it's gunna be pretty sweet :)
Nobody Greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than yooouuuuuuuuu!
IF U WANT TO READ SOME JOKES GO 2 UR FB PAGE AND LET ME KNOW. I HAVE PLENTY!!
I have never been in search of sympathy or even respect. I have nothing to prove, I am simply who I am. And right now I am very sleepy
I couldn't get through my work day without it!
It's true, which is even more awesome because you're not allowed to look happy on Virginia licenses anymore. :(
Or just send it via email
Thank you - it was great having you join us!
Nope, we like to think everyone is a fan of them ;)
Other risk factors for Type II Diabetes are elevated triglyceride, low HDL, and high blood pressure
RT : Real statistic: every single batter walked by Red Sox pitching this year has scored. (Note: not a real statistic.)
haha, love the hat.
they should make an app or widget for that so I can have it available at all times.
thanks sweetie)
Yea he is i am still fixing it though
we disagree on this. POA is my favorite of the books and visually my favorite of the films.
My dad got front row tickets to Kenny Chesney & Tim McGraw. I'm SOO mad!!!!!
I don't know why, but I am pumped to find out what happens with
help get the ncaa bracket link on the homepage, I can't see if I'm still tied for third. Help!
Happy mothers day to my mom and my grandma!
One more week.....
Join my freind HIS A inspiring Director and Actor!
I used something similar for govt Surplus supplies. It was ok...I would say be ready for lots of emails.
never mind. Sorry
Favorite song to work out too?
Good Morning... Let's make this a great week!
heard #BohemianRhapsody just now. One guess of who I thought of. Lol
Ok, sleep. You win.
did the shirts for the event we are playing. Awesome shirts. Would love to get more info on a sponsorship
That Would Be a AWESOME Concert.luv Billy's Song Let Me Down Easy
when are you and leaving for your trip?
Why the hell does Roland say Henry Potter? It's Harry. Always has been, always will be.
RT : She's too much sometimes.
Reconciling CSS versions.
thanks :) we love you too! <3
The slow cooker is the best. I do a crock pot every Sunday and have meals for days.
"Sitting on the duck of the bay"
It has more to do with who he is playing with now. Bynum/Gasol > Scola/Dalembert.
If I rolled my eyes every time you did/said something that pissed me off my eyes would roll out of my head.
what time do u work?
im sad to have missed the puppet show...
I just got back on twitter and the first thing that popped up was was sick but i know he'll be okay !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
How long until they beat the twins ass.
Morningwood is the worst thing when you're trying to get dressed in a hurry.
What up Twitter world how we all feelin 2day?!
oh my. What is wrong with people?
i hate when niggas say the following: "i will suck yur pussy but yu need to return the favor" the fuck ?
I decided to change my twitter name. I needed something more professional. My new one is the same as my blog name so it works :)
yes im sure it will!
I love X-FACTOR!!!!--is the Voice good this season??i watched it last season
I want to learn the banjo.
Too funny:) lol
Couldn't even run my last race
these iron-ons blowing my minda...
#KyDerby RT : Where will you be in 85 days???
Hello world!
very butch
Q1. You are hereby proclaimed Royal Monarch of Earth. What shall be your 1st official act?
Just wanted to say GN to all u twitter ppl an have a blessed day tommarrow ps. Follow an check out my page on youtube DOEentTV
bout to text you.
RT "I just wanted to beam unconditional love.. Not for too long bc I didn't want ppl to think I was hitting on them" JBH
Somebody need to hip me on to the good followings, so I can have my twitter ROCKIN !
Bringing a bottle of wine to the annual #wrestlemania party. Can't wait to see the look on his unsophisticated face.
please follow me((: love you bri((:
just got a new haircut, love it!
thank u thank u & thank u again. I so enjoyed myself & u guys too! I will be upgrading soon
“: tour @ Endres Manufctrng. They cut a W & Badger out of metal for me! They should have showed you how to make license plates.
Prematurely excited Dick.
will spot you and buy your ticket. Ha ha ha!
im tired of being single i need a boyfriend !
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
Omw to my game
I don't know for sure yet. Even if they are not ours I am glad to see Lady Gaga and Beyonce wear so many gloves.
a cow
"Please stop eating apples." - A lonely doctor.
The only arms we need are those we use to hug!
WOW JJ. That was awesome.
Wants some chx and andouille sausage gumbo from Louisiana...
There's a camel cruising around downtown.
the nice man came to my house last night. Told him I didn't want to buy anything. He pressed on. I chased him off my lawn.
“The things we fear most in organizations – fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances – are the primary sources of creativity.” Margaret J....
how about Tiger's approach on 13?
They vary widely in cost. We're building a chart to address this, but for now let us know your faves & we can talk ballpark cost.
Good Morning. Hope you have a great Sat. I'm going to see "Think Like A Man" today. I hear it's funny & U can pick up a tip or two.
Brought a couple to church 2day, one answered the call, Praise the Lord!
If u 've 2 yrs of SEO expereince and live in Seattle, I might have the perfect job 4 u.Send me your resume()
You look beautiful in your pic.. :):):)
songs are A+ and Performances A+,Kid rocks Drummer saw me few weeks ago perform and loved me. Thats a connect in mix too.
you know it! Follow us for updates and screenings!
Yea, its real emotion. She's human. Its all good!
holy shit am I gonna be an uncle?
Definitely not going back to charlottesville tonight.
Why he could back up Bass KG & Greg S. Young & Athletic
yep...watching it right now. I want to hug I feel so bad.
Man both of these teams stink. This NL central is really funny. Cardinals>>>Scrubs
you lost me
oh yeah key me find it,Sorry i totally forgot!!!
Just bought a new camera from the photography store. The salesperson was a Mayan & he said I wouldn't be needing extended warranty in 2012.
wishing there was an Ascendio button like Tumblr for Twitter..
we tried to do something nice for my aunt and grandmother today... they ended up eating hair (or something close to it)
Heading from Spokane To Knoxville, TN for yet another Self Wealth Live Event! Going to be awesome!
A personal brand-represents your "unique promise of value.” Distinctive set of natural strengths that employers get when they hire you.
Each and every one is all me. Thanks!
Thanks! Maybe :) I'm DM you my email so you can tell me more.
you have So Dec, I have Halloween :-)
Love the inspiration..keep em coming RT : Success is inevitable
yes ma'am!!! u still out north
up all nite, cuz i slept all day ! smh.
So true.
NOW offering daily, 1 time use PROMOTION CODES
Much appreciated good sir! I am little bummed I couldn't be down in LA celebrating with u after ur big test and my offer...
4/20.... Fuk a happy smoke day... Happy drank day 4 me.... #Pour up
I'm a one woman man...
Drove past hart park yelling "GO !!!!!"
Chris Bosh likes boys.
great talk on energy with Jesse J. Tyson, Former Director of ExxonMobil. Lot of terrific info on energy and GDP growth.
It's stained w/ the blood of girls who have thrown themselves in the road in despair over William's nuptials.
Tebow's like Kurt Warner, except without all that baggage like talent, arm strength, and accuracy
& No I will not buy you matching "ass tats" of boneless wings.
Me too Matt. thanks for venturing out so far. Talk soon.
Wanna see me tweet
:) Nice Trailer. I'm sure it will go far thanks to you!
"It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through."
reading, studying, drafting research projects and multitasking family life
I look like cash and I talk like
all of you little 8th graders stfu. you don't have finals yet you're still babies.
“: Almost in St. Paul for show tonight at The Fitzgerald Theatre. Bring yer drinking boots!!” <-- I'm wearing them! See u soon!
Alot of my ex's ain't doing shit wit they life........The nerve of you bitches
thank you for a great day.. Love my babe!!
It is time of being prepare for x max vacations lol
because you be cool on me
Popcorn and frogs everywhere.
you're gonna have so much fun!! & AGHH, I HOPE SO!(:
Say Ahh really doe radio
Acouple of years ago we saw a sign like that for someone's pet snake.
damn one more day till Thanksgiving, i want to enjoy the turkey and T-Day Football.
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff a fist coming close to your face very rapidly.
no jan windglows you are mary prantil freak woman
I agree. The only option for relevance isn't innovation it is strategic maneuvering. Sustainability is impossible.
I can't believe Artie got taken out like that from Backstrom
They should make an old book scented air freshener that you can attach to your kindle.
I can't wait for the new ad to come out. RT Hello, ! We mentioned you on our blog today! Just FYI! :)
what a fantastic idea!!
Florida maybe, but no true stud athlete would to Mamby Pamby Vandy.
Does anyone else feel like DWade wanted to hit Kobe harder when he fouled him in the All-Star game? Lol
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" hardwood floor makes a long lasting beautiful Valentine's Day gift <U+2665>
When you think about someone and get a text from them <3
looks like he is ready to feed a baby pig
Happy Nurses Week!
Glad you like it bud! :)
i thought we did
As of January 2011- There were surveyed 11,377 people to be homeless in Denver. Let's see if we can decrease that number in 2012 Denver!
Well hello Boston... It's nice to see you again :)
but yeah, I feel ya.
Yes, was glad get home. R U in Nashville? If so, would love to get together sometime...
(cc ) WATCH OUT... and I have black and pink water shoes!!
New Smoker name Mr. Stoned Spacely!!!!!!
are you taking a spin class?
I love the idea for a long term deal. I bought his jersey last year. Let's make it last!
That awkward moment when somebody tries to hide from the cops by climbing a tree...
I'm hype because The Once Upon a Time Season Finale is on now on
Wishing was here.
If you live in South Austin, the new Coffee Bean on Slaughter has awesome wi-fi. My new spot fa sho.
I kinda hear you and if they thought it was fruitless (beating the Heat) I hear ya more. But it was weak in my book.
loves you all! Xoxo
Alot of good that did him on the field. Your simply wrong. You can point to one stat, good job. That means nothing.
Did you know we are one-stop shopping for all your legal needs. www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Twitter fights are awkward.
Dale Feilder live tonight at Nola's!!
the series is pretty faithful to the books, the books are better worded and detailed in the dialogues
sounds like someone started without me haha
Thanks bro.
If you are arrested, remember you have the right to remain silent & the right to an attorney. All that you say WILL be used against you.
hey twitter world weres da love holla at me
Seriously think I just dislocated my thumb. But when the choice is Packers game or medical treatment, I go Packers game
Petition challenges indicate that the DC campaign season is starting off with a bang. Bang on!
Thanks! You too!
The D1 Sectional Final games (that would have been played at state) were not as good as D2 will be at state fri.
Was just getting into the new tools today. Glad they finally added this!
thanks for the mention. I appreciate it.
please justin follow me
Its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year. Right?!?
They play by the rules!
haha idk what to tell you other than I had alot of shit going on and anytime I didn't text you back you got shitty
Yes, interviewed many scientists. Point is: Belyaev was clear re: definition of "domestic" for foxes & they do not meet it yet.
“The best location we get is right next to a McDonald's. We can compete with them because we do it better.”-Truett Cathy
O.H., girl on phone: Um, I'm in line to see the Hunger Games. (beat) Cause it's awesome?
Who is your audience? Certainly you want to have broad appeal, but consider the specific target audience your film is for.
No. Only certain types of crimes by CHL holders are reported as such by DPS.
AWESOME - Steven is so sweet the man would MELT like sugar if the raindrops came NEAR him! LOVE YOU STEVEN! <U+2665>
Two home runs for the #Big Ten. Nebraska becomes 12th member and Tom Izzo remains at MSU. Not a bad week at all.
I've taken debbie (my phones name) tanning also. I am such a bad mother to debbie .
so whats up?
The weather is not cooperating with my photo shoot...
<will do. Thanks 4 your help w story. Passion rocks!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.-- Bill Cosby
#Nowplaying Speak Now - Taylor Swift
just cause she's not shy about those things doesn't mean everyone is like that
Our Pasta tonight is: Goat stew with grilled pears and chanterelle over Gluten Free Gnocchi!!!!yum....
It's funny really, how fast your emotions can swing.
At the Beau Rivage in Biloxi, MS autographing copies of this great poker book.
in Lexington w my mom . I'm bored but at least I'm actually spending time w my mom today. isn't it always supposed to be like this?
yeah who "nose" what could happen ... Ha.
Agreed. He certainly needs to be playing more than Wilson, anyway, at least until defensive-replacement time.
7 am and I'm wide awake
Rainy night finna be in for the night workin on this new song
About to blowww (;
Weez has designed my wedding dress...in case I ever get married again.
watching jerseyshore fron the first fist pump, god i love these guys , , , , etc
ICDS' President, Jorge Nowalski, will be at the NU study abroad fair tomorrow representing Costa Rica!
Just woke up from a good power nap, feel good now! About to go hit up LifeTime
Vito, who should be the Sr. Nominees next year for the HOF?
...overstock is def a can of worms...take any competitive vertical, say car insurance
Shout out all the producers sending beats! Keep em coming!
thanks for the #FF ! right back at ya -
(No, That's Not All There Is.) You do know that was the point of the question? Of course you do. Thanks for the promotion.
See my last tweet.. It shows all the fun I'm having. haha
you special boy.
Where is dey
What the flock! Flocking all day today. What's flock? Flock is a print technique with a suede like finish. Pics soon.
listenin to music:)
GOD TO HEAR ME IS FINEE TO (; hahaha
Much needed time w #girlfriends! #love. Always sad to leave.
Just gonna Smile Back. <3
Looking for the perfect Valentine's gift for your sweetheart? Ask about Hyatt's Signature Amour Romance Package today!
I Guess She Never Wanna Fix Things ! Smh. . .
Hangover never again I feel like I was in a movie
Nike's new uniforms aren't really matching the hype that was out there
Coming soon :) RT : Im so looking forward to the next billboard #HEREWESTAYED !!!!!!
Blessed just to wake up this morning
I had a club sandwich for lunch today. Guess I was channeling my inner
looking forward to a great thanksgiving holiday with these folks:
Wahi Media selected for youth health initiative in Colorado.
was able to assemble a TV stand yesterday. This leads me to believe you can handle a desk.
And so it begins. Day 1 of the #PCCOpCo12 meeting. Joint meeting of all the PCC groups. Talking about #RDA and policy statements
Gotta love Chipper!
- help! do i upgrade to an iPhone 4S now, or wait for them to debut the 5 at some point in the next year?
RT : RT Be careful not to critique the way others do what you wont do.//Profound Word!
people think "now" is slang.
Dutch Corner looks fun
I think I have put on 5 lbs this week from cheese & pork products.
i cant stand bums, sumthin bout his money make dha nigga handsome
: happy birthday to one of my very favorite people in all this world! Love you!!!
did you email him I will talk to him today!
Some people just don't get it.
Um. This will be my last post. I got raptured, but God says I have to give up my iPhone. Apparently, you CAN'T take it with you!
Joseph Gordon-levitt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
bye twitter. goodnight! imma charge this thing. last tweet for today.
I used to catalog gov docs in grad school. You ever train your eyes to scan SuDoc numbers?
Is It Crazy To Think Will Follow You ?
that is a problem that needs to be fixed.
“: Congrats ” // Ditto. See you soon Adam.
Going against the grain this week for the #ValeroTexasOpen - Kuchar, Castro, Walker, Huh, Chappell, and Holmes.
Cinco de Mayo: Deer Tick show at the El Rey for
that is SO TRUE!!!
I'm just having a bad day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
loving this dreary weather today.
it looks like we won't be getting a "babymoon" after all before he gets here :( very sad
The best words you can ever hear : "I'm not going anywhere"
hourfitness getting it in!!!
Sign up for a group class membership this month & pay $49 a month. Classes include yoga, mat pilates & cardio.
Want a comp'd kids pass to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
unless it's that coffee from intelligensia that is massively dehydrating and haunts you for the next 5 hours....
about to ride by I'll check it out
She's solid as a rock on the tooshie
RT At Derby Classic....Orton playing well, still non-committal on his future.
The text I woke up to this morning
THE MISSION is looking for artists, musicians, specialty restaurants, creative offices, and non-profit organizations. RT to anyone you know.
I Dont know why you guys have haters you guys are amazing(:
Well done, for a second I thought you forgot the king.
Hey, anytime! :)
The awesomeness @ #Tcamp12 can't be contained in 2 days. We hope everyone can continue the global #transparency talk
Come by tomorrow morning to hear talk about "Social Media & Radio"
HR communications gem at #tcbsm4hr: biggest challenge is building awareness of what is possible in both org tech & culture.
Watching 's Daddy and talk about Miranda while hunting makes me smile :D
best of luck! What are ur future plans?
Soc media clearly presents a powerful and often underutilized way for brands to become part of the consideration set.
Tweet 500 goes to staff <3, new and old. Thanks for your hard work and good luck this weekend.
LA weather again tomorrow! With autumnal light, heavenly!
This did get awks.. :/
Saw #TheAvengers this morning .....THE HULK!!!!!! All I have to say ^_^
A suburban mother's role is to deliver children obstetrically once, and by car forever after. ~Peter De Vries
oh thank gof
Nothing really.. Did yu hear about the whole Osama thing? People are such idiots >__<
Allergy testing -- skin end point titration (SET) most useful allergy test
I Need A Massage... Where You At Punkin? Lol Jp
seeing Charles Barkley in a dress for a Weight Watchers commercial is probably one of the most horrific things I've ever seen.
and so i'll tell myself that i'll be strong. <U+2665>
We call ourselves "edible landscapers" AG Kawamura
#PLoS ONE peer reviews content only to determine if it is scientific and then let's community decide if important.
Wtf am I supposed to do?
Yep, 's the man! RT : BTW every startup should thank for Venturehacks and !
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
is getting ready to work on the set again! Today we're filming on location at a dance studio! Time to get my dancing shoes out!
"Come on Blake, dunk the free throw!"
Ok we've seen Bill Murray & Arnold Palmer today, but where is the coverage?!
Curious...what was Tex's % with runners on base going into last nite's game...if you have it? Thanks!
true but we spend more than that
Thank you. Was in Jacksonville last Month. I'm Ocala.
From now on, if it doesn't have "Doomsday," "River Monster," or something related to zombies in the title, I'm not watching it.
The Concert at Gusman was Great!!! Happy!!!
Is the museum field to old, too white to lead in the 21st C is perhaps the wrong question . . .
hope to hear you on IM talk. Nice history lesson on your career
Lost a huge pot with QQ vs kj to get 11th for $2960. Playing main Tom at 11.
lmfao yeah that's true...she's probably never heard of him, she'll be like "John Lennon? I thought he died"
thx for the follow, Robert!
I want there to be a thunderstorm...thunder soothes me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I dont know if i should laugh at that cause of the memories such a simple thing brings, or get mad
2nd part of project provides interesting and rare focus on workers behind the org.
thank you:)
OKC is beastin on them Dallas! Im happy BUT,OKC will be out soon!
just listened to the ep … I LOVE IT! Im so proud and excited for you!
Set up for the election tomorrow. Always a long, exciting day.
- I will not be able to be there. I'll be in corpus but I spread the word. :)
Bring it Niners! (and probably refs)
Wish I woke up early enough for Micky D's breakfast...
I appreciate the love fam!
So, so well put. I was given a free pass & felt like a whiny yuppie to complain, but you perfectly articulated what I felt!
"even smiling makes my face ache"
RT Duncan says US entering era when textbooks will be tossed for online education via technology.
my stomach hurts too
See who from
LOVED learning from at #GrowingGreatGirls Workshop! And LOVE the door prize via
#smallbumpvideo Loved it! I wasn't sure what to expect.
Promise is a big word. It either makes something, or it breaks everything.
Gotta say how happy I am about the Clippers winning yesterday!
Ah poor Kobe has the stomach flu. Let me guess he thinks he is Jordan and is going to act exhausted after every shot
I Got Lean Was Serving That, I Been To Jail Ain't Going Back
I'm fat and I can't stop eating hell
In desperate need for a new job.
DENIED! Cop just asked for info on a patron's record. W/o a warrant. I shot that down.
Kentucky beat UNC & Kansas
if you love me youll bring me food(((:!!! so serious though
#littlewhitelies my phone don't ring when I'm my daughters room
Always! Happy Holidays!!
The ADA recommends flossing daily to help remove plaque and food particles between your teeth. Do you remember to floss daily?
oohh hii! Lol I gotta question..are you a girl or guy? XD
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want.
I became a loyal Liverpool fan the same yr Torres came to Merseyside. They haven't won anything since. Here's to the curse of El Nino!
nice horns.
Thats real! Heard your work, hit us if you want more exposure. Promo specials #topFam 410.513.9199
MT Join us in Pacific Standard Time! Check out catalogue: bit.ly/oKAO3q
you can trick yourself into thinking you're eating sushi just by eating pretzels. you really have to believe it though.
WEDNESDAY: Meet us at Suzi-Cue,10p & get a complimentary mug of beer on us.
five your time unless it shows the same time because ABDC7 is coming out tonight
What does that mean. Last year I did five stage shows with 3 leads. What???
Happy Mother's Day! All growler fills $5 for next 2 hour (until 10AM) Have on tap, IPA, American Red & Imperial Choco Stout
No silly - interviewing for your fast tail RT ": WTH! are you getting married? stop talking in tongues!”
MSU ADV Students: The definition of a Group Project is NOT: Mike Murphy does all the work by himself.
They say don't fall in too deep. But sometimes I dig a hole so deep that I can't seem to get out of it.
be yourself they said. Everyone will like you they said.
Eat-what-you-kill may not build teams but it will reward rainmakers, promote your individual brand over the firm, not redistribute profits
good luck against the blues man! Last time we talked you had a busted up arm... probably during stampede time haha. Give em hell
Woot, finally able to catch up on some walking dead....my favorite
Had a convo with on Friday about how dry 25 is then today we both wake up with massive hangovers... Ironic you may say
He rocked the house. RT : Jus finished performing for the #SummitofFaith Southern California. Break room chat w/
If over-packing was a game, I would win every time :)
There is a Nashville-Phoenix series in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Way to fail traditional hockey areas.
BREAD WINNERS that's all for now
there's never enough time between dinner-over, and bed-beckons.
Learning about mobile apps for Ed. Blackboard is 5 times more engaging and intuitive via iPad app than in browser
My last tweet makes me want to either throw up or go out and buy a pillow with something inspirational embroidered on it.
ohmygosh, that cereal is amazing<U+2665>
I smile because of you <U+30C4>
You're just giving them ideas. RT : Under Obamacare, you will be forced to marry a gay doctor.
Sounds like we have similar #ccss plans! Is this local to school? or whole district?
'brittany, get out of the refrigerator!'- shopping w and my dad
Easter it's going down tho
In case you #Dbacks fans were wondering how Mark Reynolds is doing, he still strikes out (a lot)
football practice over. leaving for los angeles tonight (:
I remember when taking a beautiful photo took actual talent and not Instagram.
- awesome! just need a resume, some references...
Im in a constant state of exhaustion when the #Brewers are in town, but it doesn't stop me from frequenting Miller Park..
loved your show at the Pabst tonight!
tonight on the pulse, Special Guest stops through, , and LIVE in the MIX.... get emmmmmmm.....
Lindsey lohan is still sexy to me. Suck a dick if u disagree.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country. Steven Wright
weeeeeeekeeeeend !!(: it's friday friday gotta get down on friday (;
50+ and lipsynching but that was still a good halftime show! , , and friends
What percentage of the comments posted on youtube are just quotes from the video?
I really need to go to the tanning bed but I don't wanna hear my daddy gripe when I get back.
will do! How have you been?
Yes, it has.
haha shameless plug lol! Cheers man - appreciated!
It's getting so a pug can't take a walk anymore!
cody simpson concert!!! =)
finally listening to
Jets play worst 1st half in years and almost pull it out at end. Just ran out of time. Have to play a full 60, men! Oh, well. PGH again. Z
And now to Ollie with the weather. Ollie: It's gonna rain!
I know you and I are football fans at heart, but April is STILL a great sports month!
For reals I haven't either! I'm looking forward for the Roger Waters one tho! :)
- The tickets are on the way. Did you ever get a chance to attend
Thank god for for calling out Felger for his crap and noticing how most of the media doesn't care about the C's.
Talking about bringing back Texas Throwdown and changing it from a clothing line to a music production company.
I love when you pretend I don't already know I'm
Interested in the behind the scenes at ? visits #UWSocial, 3 p.m. today, Ebling Symposium Ctr., MSB.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. ~Malcolm Forbes
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE 2 THE FLAG OF THE U.S.A.& 2 THE REPUBLIC 4 WHICH IT STANDS 1 NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY & JUSTICE 4 ALL!
it's close
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines. Stanislaw Lem
": lol dumb bitches" so annoying
Thank you for the retweet.
Tyrod Taylor ladies and gentleman!!!! #nfldraft #nflcombine the fastest QB in the last 20 yrs!
Apparently so! This one is a former law firm coworker.
Anna says I shouldn't give up on love but it's kind of to late for that. It's not coming to me...
Naa Im good
People at greenhouse were effin ridiculous tonight. The entire floor is sticky from spilled drinks.
New Years Resolution: never ride Metro again.
Ready for #ewgc! best part of the day
thanks for the RT!:)
that looks positively decadent.
Orchard park kids are huge fuckers for the most part
Reached level 10 Writing Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Glad we can help!
<U+2605> Single? Heartbroken? In love? Follo<U+03C9> •••<U+25BA><U+25C4>••• for the sweetest advice. I love her to death and you should too.<3 <U+2605>
Tim Tebow is the Skrillex of qb's: inexplicably popular despite little to no skill.
ofcourse ! lmfao i gotta bust a mission to north town /:<
As said, if there is a line to cross on Twitter, crossed it tonight.
awesome crowd! Thanks for inviting me to speak at this event!
Fast fast follow back
That awkward moment when you flip your hair and boys don't get overwhelmed.
Great pic! RT : Check out this awesome picture of "The Extractables"
haha, it drives me crazy when I see things ignored that I think are obvious.
C-A-P-S! please win.
your past tweets regarding your M&M consumption have been slightly OCD
isn't that nowhere near my house LOL
Have fun you guys! Send my love to the pugs!
Motorcade with 10 motorcycles... Unnecessary
then I guess it's ok
people speak of unity but I refuse to unite with bitchassness...
I HATE these conversations.
oh...thanks. You have disarmed me with your compliment. I.can't.tell.if.its.sarcastic.or.not!!!
sending you love from Bed Stuy Brooklyn
we must be doing something right - seeing freelance job posts requiring the bidder to use 80legs
dude wow really?
gold club in the sco...who messing with the team
neither fuck it!
will pass that feedback along thanks
Texting in class.. Yolo
ha. thanks for sending.
Nothing ever makes me feel like such a child as talking about the future with my parents. :/
for TChatters: Did you made the Top 10 # of tweets, # of Twitter Impressions and # of Followers...also full transcript!
I just finished a 1.72 mi run with a time of 20:47 with Nike+ GPS.
I don't have many opportunities for live-tweeting and hashtags. Maybe I should live-tweet from my Newborn Care class tonight?
you can test my talent anytime....like for real.
Uhm what ever happened to dinner?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Had high hopes for J Edgar but it drags and doesn't really say much. Sorry Clint and Leo, better luck next time.
Remember to vote today in our neck of the woods in Wisconsin - polls close :00!
Software interop problems don't seem so bad in comparison after trying to buy some lightbulbs with obscure socket sizes
My feckless brother is taking advantage of my parents. Should I get involved? Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, ans
I don't have an opinion (or basis for one) either way, but I thought you'd find it interesting.
gotta know how to control urself sometime!!! aint u i orlando?
Early CHI Grad Fellow meeting in
Welcome to Twitter!
Attending O'Reilly's #where20 webinar. Love the topic and plan to really explore it over the next few months.
that sounds perfect!! what do you think ? RT : My husband brought home gyros for dinner!!
USATF names marketing guru Siegel as CEO - Chicago Tribune
RT : Innovation in the arts: new connections within org, between orgs and with community
Great 1st qtr #Sixers. Just take Lou Williams out and NEVER put him back in the game.
Some things just neva change!!!!-______-
Man twitters being taking over by Justin Beiber fans and 1 direction fans! O and don't forget the worst, big time rush.
HUGE RT HERE! : The world's freedom is having to do what you want to do; Jesus' freedom is wanting to do what you have to do.
Coffee is a broadly consumed beverage prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
I may or may not have gone through 50 pages last night...this could be bad
Dear Tami Roman, F and U
Long Day.. Its Depressing Knowin My Brothers Dont Got School Tomorro And I Do.. Smh
How To Ruby On Rails: (1) obsessively write rspec test suites, (2) blog about tests all day, (3) leave $register_globals on anyway
Is Avengers your favorite of the new Marvel films? While I liked it a lot it still grades out a little below Iron Man for me.
KU looks to thin ranks of its teachers, offers hundreds of buyouts - Kansas City Star
- who bedazzles your props in the #wwhl clubhouse?
Happy Valentine's Day to our customers, staff and supporters of locally-owned businesses! We love you guys!
RT : Trust is like an eraser... it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake
Free at last free at last
Only two more hours to get down to and get yourself a sample of delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew!
Love that saying. We are constantly sayin things like that or similar to that. That saying sums it up tho!
Boy I kno im SchoolBoy but sometimes class get boring!!!
I know a lot of people have told me its very good, and they told me to stay away from the Real L Word.
my boys are the Knicks, and no.... We cant lol
Visit, like and subscribe to our new Facebook page! www.facebook.com/ LuxeCitizensGroup
Condom Slogans No. 7: Package your meat for a real nice treat.
sounds like something i saw at cheesecake factory yesterday
Thanks to all the ladies who came out to sneak a peak this weekend! And a very, very special thank you to the gentlemen.
Now that is a huge score. Have fun and let me know if you like it
There's something about the buzz of a roomful of scholars that just gets me excited about my work all over agin. Oh, , I love you so.
You better miss me! “: Totally full flight out of Richmond. I hope I nap. Really want to get home to Miss her a lot.”
I won't be at podcamp, but anyone who can work "effiminate lemmings" into their presentation will win a prize.
“Prayer draws down God’s graces on others.”
Nope. I'm very happy with my decision.
Recently we discovered a large organization eliminated the use of phones & email, relying only on Visimeet. A part time employee manages it.
Client meeting in 5. I'm appropriately decked out. Tiem 4 COFFEH!!
if you had lived through the alleged #PhelpsFamilyAbuse, could u be other than they are? Think. Textbook low self esteem
The company is internationally known for creating, developing, marketing, publishing and distributing video games
I know what you mean :(
Sounds like fun! RT Urban Chic/Style Fashion Show, AVAM on 9/30. Duff of Ace of Cakes, Mary Amons from Real Housewives of DC
Alright. I love you too. :)
. hosts #MusicforaMission w/
The truth has finally came out so now im like FUCK IT... -G.Kirkland)
Just got paid>>>>
who are you talking about!?! Tell us!!!
A FEW YEARS BACK I HAD TO TELL A BITCH TO BEAT IT///IM BUSY GETTING BREAD BUT SHE ALWAYS THINK IM CHEATING
Random I hope I can get my hair done Thursday
thanks 4 the followback! if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet! i got tha goodness! have an awesome weekend! -Pete!
y dont u tweet me bak :(
so happy it's Friday!!
People from Seattle are like the most laidback people anywhere. They're also coffee freaks. How does that work?
There are few greater tragedies than having a full day of code in front of you and you left your headphones at home.
Viva Lost Wages! Er, I mean, Las Vegas
Live your life like it's never ending
Every time I use Drupal Views I figure out something cool I didn't know it could do. Good stuff.
My dude what's good? Long time fam!!
And I just wish I could graduate! Also, as a journalist, you are obligated to print any story I pitch to you. FYI
I got it.. Thanks man RT Yo I just left you a joint on google voice but what's the name of the mixtape?
aww thanks! we love, love you! RT : - Love, love, love your site! This is going to be perfect for my meetup group.
I think your #dialogues are really great, and I look forward to exploring in the future! (Will Summer Camp stay?!)
Thinking of applying to UCLA and CU for next fall :)
its impossible to get noticed now tho.
Watching 1d videos
they horny lolololol
Thanks for showing your support at the Taste of Uptown we appreciate all your support
": I took to orange leaf yesterday.. His weighed $14.38. he was lowkey over whelmed" <--Told you
Love the commercial
what are u up to
Thanks for caring so much for Vets. An honor to be a Military & Veteran and see my union members support you/vets.
I'm a little flustered to be honest...
Heard in Sellwood. RT : Anyone in #Portland just hear a loud explosion that lit up the whole sky? Definitely not lightning...
I love you
We may disagree on some issues, but you have a way of effectively getting the message across. Current made a mistake.
We just rocked the CAU fashion show. Check out our new fall merchandise...
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”
Whoa. Never noticed that! Think someone is following me??
5:30pm tonight is the most talked about game of the year. Watch Favre & the Vikings vs GB on our 10' HD TV's. HH from 4pm - 7pm.
Listening to #TurnYourTroublesIntoTrophies by ! Great stuff!
hell idk. Go under profile settings or something
Bitches lookin straight to the crotch
Maybe we can figure out a way for our new LP to come out on a frozen pizza you can put on your turntable and play.
4 hrs of sleep .. 13 hr drive to #Nashville .. this is gonna be a fun day lol
There's quite a few I could pick. It's kind of hard to pick a top three but oh well. I'll stick to that one for now.
I have been blessed this year with an amazing growth in my business. I want to offer the same situation to you. contact me in my inbox if
Don't forget when adding music there maybe royalty fees to pay.
love my #chocolatefamily ;) Kyle needs a twitter!
seriously dude if u follow me unfollow like NOW!! Austin is amazing and will always and forever rock and out runs justin !!
Done! 7 boxes ready for shipment to the Natural Products Expo in Boston :) Onto yoga :)
Not surprising tho RT : It's telling that conservatives don't think they created the market implosion w/ debt deal
I have e-mails for you - hopefully sending them will work soon. 'meantime, if you want instant gratification, DM! :)
My shins are
thats so cute! I want a boy to do that to me! (:
Goon Molly & r da #DUDLEYBOYZ Block party may 26th b there boo
MT : What do the experiences of 3 cities -- Los Angeles, New Orleans, Detroit -- mean for one nation?
Great lunch on the patio of Pura Vida downtown. Thanks Brandt
This wknd, follow on Twitter as we roam NYC, having outdoor meetings on park benches with a sample cube in tow. Now in Park Slope 5Ave @ 3St
My favorite song on STREETZ Calling was Runnin Thru A Check !
You know you play too much tennis when you shuffle and side step when moving from place to place
RT Don't wanna be here ... Me either!
Do it! I applied to be a volunteer again this year so hopefully that will work out. If not, gotta pay the big bucks!
hit up after the concert if you wanna get trippy mane
My friends keep asking if I have a Facebook. I deactivated mine a long time ago because I'm now addicted to Twitter.
#ThingsILookFor Confidence but not Ego
best friend has 10 letters & so does lying bitch.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is loving you and knowing you dont feel the same about me...anymore
is jason statham attractive, or just badass? I can't tell.
Thanks for being so easy to work with! Glad the proof looks good!
Of course when he starts trying so does someone else
Final comments and questions for #aosl conference. Testimony that integration <math-art-biology> can be easier than you think
He's close to the only reason I watch the show. Him and the youngest Stark girl. She rules.
If I could turn back the hands of time n start all over I would. Instead of everything being all bad baby everything would all good
Absolutely! I attended the colloquium in Dec. & think the project would benefit from even more non-western voices!
Thanks for the "Drupal for Humanists" knowledge base case study suggestion-- I've added it to the outline.
The flag looks better upside down.
Cavs' lottery chances are getting better and better.
you're right about Novak though lol dude looks so dorky
I lost respect for Terry when he showed up on sportsworks last night without a pocket square.
Is #tomhaverfood maybe the best trend ever? I think maybe it is.
@ Tony Roma's q;
I can't have a friend haha sorry u don't have any cause u stuck up ur girl ass lol
": Merry xmas to the best fans in the world!"
I think we do.
": Join & at 2pm today for a Twitter Q&A on loan repayment & biz resources. Send in Qs now using #GradStartup"
omg no
nice batman rt :-)
well , i'ma go cryy .
agreed. I would like to read the novels, I am intrigued by Thomas Harris, what happened with Hbal rising though?
#WhatWouldYouDo....if Ron Artest tried to run for president
You're a ghost too
Adobe bought TypeKit. Can't wait for the bloated way it will integrate with C$7.
is the proud new owner of an Ipad 3 -- I'll admit it -- It'll be a struggle not to open the box until she gets home
sing to my bodayyyy mister lovaaaa
woah. #FF is like a university graduate program: 88 bots and eventually one #phd. thanks mike behind the wheels of
I hate Thia already, she bores me
Laird and Moon Bae left in match play #teamedge Decent shot for certain in Mayakoba
Thanks ! Great to meet you and so many amazing women!
I wanna go back to the katy perry concer
At the 8th District meeting of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity meeting in Kansas City
Shooting sone pool
lol how long ago did you add me?
I call that the 90's :) !
Have plenty of water around before during and after exercise. Hydrating yourself has many physical and psychological advantages!
we need you guys back.in out lives!!
Happy Mothers Day
#dadquotes "always do your best" <3
done with work for today! w00t!
Thank you for the RT , much appreciated. Have a great week!
Andria Derstine appointed director of the Allen Memorial Art Museum at Oberlin College
love that nordeast!
Happy First Day of Spring! Start ur spring cleaning rituals @ our Spa w/ a comp 30min exfoliation when u purchase a 60min massage or facial!
#dancemoms love this show so much
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
Im tired
Chicago BeeBeeBee will be hosting its Torch Awards Thurs@ the H.I mart plaza my least favorite work event,i would rather eat salad all week.
RT : also excited for TIGERS IN RED WEATHER by Liza Klaussmann. Gorgeous cover, great description. I am in book lust.
Hey I just met you And that shit cray.
You're VERY welcome! I appreciate YOU! My pleasure to be in touch here and on FB too!
They have buses turn around at Union square early in the morning, but I don't know about 3 at once
": Missed ya today!" <33 missed you too Jared!
Drove to Towson to see Alkaline Trio, they are great, guy mixing's ruining it though, I almost want to leave.
anything Gates can do, you got by 10x
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies !
S/O to my
I see beauty in everything...but me.
A big thanks to whoever put my empty cereal box back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast.
hello cindy!!
Thanks for the tweet! I am excited for the opportunity! See you soon.
& good morning sisters! Have a great day
White girl where you at...
I hate when a girl acts super dingy because she thinks it's attractive.
Hot bath followed by a sweet potato. Now that's a helluva Friday morning!
Thank you again to White & Church in TriBeCa for a great tasting event - Christina Bini is truly one of the most creative Mixologists
An ad for Christian Mingle popped up on TV, then the cable signal died. Maybe God is trying to tell me something.
we will miss you and we sure will!
If TV has taught me anything, it's that miracles always happen to poor kids at Christmas.
Keep up on your fluids in Colorado-elevation sickness is awful. Loved your appearance on ! Safe travels!
Hi! Great chat.
Bored out of my fukin mind
Usually missing a flight is awful...until your boyfriend makes a stop in Boston because flights to State College are sold out!
Did you know I co-founded Bank of America? Neither did I. BOA Worldwide was an online media advertising biz with far less debt.
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Thursday, May 10, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Obama still in trouble with 9% unemployment
RT Oh you like bacon? That puts you in an exclusive club called everyone.
i would've never expected that. all of these random ass people are going. like who are you going to see?
I asked a class if they've all been in a library before. Most said yes while one student asked if Barnes & Noble counts. Oy!
Harley Quinn and The Joker are so badass lol
that awesome one on
ha ha that's awesome
Reading The Dead-Tossed Waves by Carrie Ryan on day one of summer vacation!
Dhhffhj RT : Like, if you having a get together under any other circumstance, 20/4 radio would be considered an utter failure.
Oh now apparently Buffet is a "dumb ass".. the biggest financial genius of our time. Roger Ailes
Lady Gaga blew my mind and Casey James is safe!!! yay!!!
so what are you doing??
The next time I volunteer to make a website for someone slap me, hard. I'll thank you later.
Skull Boi #TheUltimateArtist just came out! man that whole cd jammin from start to finish!
ill hug you ;) lol
Bout to go get me something eat & relax
Are you sure you're in San Francisco? ;)
Welcome, Rebecca! Sara, you are the leader of Twitter converts.
Koch brothers and #ALEC kill black kids. Period. They own Mitt Romney and Scott Walker, Tom Corbett and on and on....
#jealous Beat the Heat!!! And eat delicious chicken parm!
you probably wouldn't make much money :s #justsaying lol
Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car - think green! #voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents.
Email me now and ask me about my best offer yet for single sport or combo sport including playoffs
These bitches Fckin wit the OPPS!
Thanks for coming out last night to the DigiFest screening of Colfax & 15th!
I really hate not being able to talk to you.
you look so hot with your hair please don't cut it (:
When ppl accuse me of being or doing something I'm not, I feel like I should be or do whatever they are saying just to show them.
of course! Respect is old fashioned
Looking forward to seeing in Belfast on June 1st with !<U+2665>
The other booksellers and I ruled it out as irrational... Our best guess being that ppl would be able to print out books on demand
A little known fact is that I get along better with guys then girls.(:
I still fucking hate you.
I feel like an icecycle
I've had that episode quoted to me so many times I can't count. Never seen it though!
Hell yea, we gon be rich now
My body is killing me slowly, probably throwing up in the back court
LOVE that scene. One of my favorites. Really is. "Couldn't we ride....?"
CAN'T FIND A WAY TO GET ACROSS THE HATE WHEN I SEE YOU!! (RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!)
CHRISTI! I like how she doesn't take shit from Abby or any of the other moms, whose yours?
everythings always so much better in florida.
NWILL Conference is tossing your name around for keynote Sept. 16 & 17 2010. Any chance we could get you to come to Portland?
I wonder if has gone to see Smart since that first class lol
Thanks for the support! We love people like you who inspire others to live healthier lives :)
can u say worst fucking officiating n the league!! i know you want Miami to win but do you have to fix the game 2???
I feel like you're the last person alive on Twitter. No? ;)
just changed my picture!!
“: Once an artist creates a revolutionary poster that moves millions of human beings, there is no going back.”
will do and you do the same
i make mistakes. my life isnt meant to be perfect. but i am meant to be REAL!
Just heard that a subway tuna-fish sandwich has about 2000 calories plus *faints*
You mad bro...
happy valentines to my amazing wife! And family
"Then I'll give you my heart girl, hold on to it tight girl. All you have to do is believe in me."
If you call my studio and start swearing for no reason i will mom you out.
son. of. a. BITCH.
update on elijah j. blum memorial and color of cross:
loookk for us we will be bringing our A- game in Seattle!!
Forreal.! I need a perm.! My hair doesn't stay straight.!/:
Hunger Games on Saturday <3
I was saying we would make them and then you go ham on them with us!!
Tough loss by #DePaul. Thanks for the tix tonight!!
My Shar Pei smile... DO NOT use that please. ;)
exciting! Best of luck to you - I still need to have beers with you sometime when I'm over there visiting my wife's family.
Yes and I'm a little disturbed! Ewww
#NFL starts in 2 days can't take the anticipation anymore
What would help close the achievement gap. Stop having low expectations and champion high achievement.
Yours was the 1st piece I saw and got a good look at it. Some of the other stuff I viewed from 2" away as it got so crowded!
y yeas
thanks for the mention..
TrimBody M.D. Check us out for a FREE consultation and FREE B-12 shot if you contact me for an appointment. www.trimbodymd.com
Jazz on the vine was tremendous!
the one and only
working on passthenotes and getting early feedback and partners...got to rock the meetings
You gave birth to rats?????? Alright?
hey there, I hope you're doing well. You're amazing and talented. Never forget it. Love you <3
kill it at #sxsw #warnersound show. Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
tomorrow night #R51we shall drink!
yes, It's in our hr code of conduct book.
Headed to the SpA then cLaSs. Great day to be out and about unlike YeStErDaY!
#HIRING Financial Analyst for #Contract position in Pinellas Contact me ASAP
I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.
How did I forget that Judge Reinhold is in the Beverly Hills Cop movies? The greatest living American film actor. Judge Reinhold. Love.
ok good
Who knows, maybe someday I will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
haha my life.
Who's going to the Amusement Expo in Vegas next week? We will be there, so stop by booth 400 and say hi to Jeff, Armando, and Kimberly
awww that is so cute :).... but I think my sis is cuter
Thanks RT : Create a great weekend!
There's a fine line between "SEX" and "SE\". /via
New Android :)
Our little bundle of joy <3
I'm on a huge DVD/Blu Ray commentary track kick right now and I'm looking for more - any suggestions? What are your favorites?
I really REALLY hate when dumbasses do not know how to park correctly! Taking up basically two spots when thst second spot was the last one!
Hoping for a quick recovery so you can get back to dominating.
Also, if you're going to get all "FACTS" on us, you might want to look up what club he was with.
nice, glad the vid is doing well!
Running some nice sales on graphic design services early tomorrow morning.. Let us know what you need and we'll consider it for the sale!
Not to go all rah rah, but all four nominees for best new play are by American writers.
Awesome idea. Do you spice up the chickpeas?
My sister called my mom a "gaylord". I haven't heard that one in a while
Coyle: "hope that [Google's] botched attempt to commercialize the contents of libraries will not prejudice the future of digital research."
I already Know And Guess What????????
yeah they both followed me too -__- I just ignore them and hope they go away!
O i'll send u the tweet lol
Missed the toilet so he took a shirt off the clothes rack and started to wipe it up... Weird dream, wgat does it mean??
Who's that
Ahh...it's so good to come home to a houseful of people who love, care about &look out for you.
- you need to turn off your protected updates - the followers you pick up are interesting
#UpAllNightTuesday1D It's what Bostonians do! We help who we love! Boston Directioners will love u forever!
So my uncle, my sister, and I were sick this past week.. I lost 2 lbs, my uncle 3 and my sister 4lbs.. We should get sick more often. Lol
what are you doing with a Mets hat on?!?!?? You're living in Miami and repping the Heat!
thumbs up on
North town cops are fuckin dicks. They have quotas to meet. Lying ass mothers fuckers .
This black chic on #TheVoice reminds me of the black fish from The Little Mermaid...
LOLOLOLOLOLOL .......JON STEWART JUST TREATED BILL O'REILLY ON HIS OWN SHOW : ~ )
I wasn't expecting that shit!
OMFGOMFGOMFGOMFG ICONIC BOYZ BACK ON ABDC I CANNOT MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW ASJCFUWBJOSVNBVOVREHGTGSVSDBSDBHFFVSBVG
Getting my wheels back today. Now I can return to the gym!!
yeah. He should've just stayed away. Not defending him or anything b/c sex offenders are sick but it's sad.
Ugh... Monday.
Thanks ! Check out our Facebook page and like us so we can keep you updated :)
almost time to say bye to Florida
Question210 manchuk liked it, it was an SA URBAN thing yesterday
Good just aint good enough
I could care less what you think.
I swear, I can't stay out of the doctors office! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
You are WAY...(RT ) Too pretty for that...
surently miss having NHL in atlanta cant believe its replaced with the winnipeg jets- sick of them taking it to canada- twice now
RT : RT : Cool - A live social media crisis is going on during our summit
People really need to realize relationship is not perfect, no one isn't perfect
since i wanna be a singer maybe i should go get some acting lessons as well maybe play one of my characters lol
I hate to see what jealousy can create
Everyone on Facebook ks getting a Twitter. Wtfffff.
Mr. W at it again?
Cheers, sir. Have a great one.
Yes I was bit late but I did tweet him a few questions. What I'm trying to do now is to see if he replied to me which I doubt!
hope all is well, have an outstanding weekend!
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Still buzzing from last night's spirited rehearsal. Quite ready for our trip to the great Northeast! Look out,
RT : wright's the receiver from baylor.. fast, good hands, and size.. i think he'd be ready to play right away
I've been sleeping the past two days why am I still tired?
- thanks for the Tall trees of Tokyo #kickstarter mention!
Found a Camera at Costco AND it was on sale. The Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZR1. I look forward to some new food pics!
Chicago bound! Chhheeyyeahh!
Warranty is same option as EPIC.
Greetings to and and THANKS for following Tom Shaw Trio. Have a great week!
Beyonce' - "Dance for You" #OnBlast M....
I HATE LLAMAS TOO!!!!! ONE BROKE MY TOE ONCE!
I've been getting about 8 hours of sleep every night... until tonight. Too much on my mind.
Nice! Did you Swiss cheese the targets the way you wanted?
the lady next to me was cycling backwards the entire morning at Psycle and it wasn't
The Pro-Love Movement is connecting communities, cultures, races, and religions.
You're fine. I've been busy with finals and papers, so no rush per se. Just checking.
nightmares & shock values...
Breaking News! Facebook is buying Instagram. The rich just got prettier.
OK thanks
I wonder if Tex could benefit from doing something like Granderson did with Kevin Long to improve his ABs from the Left side of the plate?
(That was via )
Thank you wulf! Have a great day :3
even tho hes moving im hoping to still talk to him and see him one day...i wish i can move with him or 4 him to stay i luv him </3
150 the yours
Love Is When The Little Things Don't Even Bother You...
My new songs are really turning out good, i cant wait to go to the studio today, yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhh buddy.
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828.
Everyone has so much to say they talk talk talk their lives away....
follow back lol
Saturday's are great chill days at the deli. Come hang with us today. Sit on the patio. Have some wine. Or a $3 beer. Open 11-3pm.
I think you did it. All you have to do is Like our FB page to be eligible for the raffle.
Everybody says they care about the issues, but at the end of the day all anyone wants is free clothing shot at them from a cannon #Parks&Rec
I need to stop showing up to work when I'm not scheduled.
omg me too haha like 7!
hahahah that good morning text >
Did they have the Frying Pan toy? That was pretty cool.
CONGRATS!! JUST SAW THE FINALE LAST NIGHT
hey lady! I'm not avail Thursday and isn't avail this Sat. Are you open next weekend?
he was there for a radio visit, so it wasn't an interview so he was in and out
you have to watch it
Morning trivia: "Josefina February", the first book that Evaline Ness wrote and illustrated, evolved from a series of her woodcuts on Haiti.
can you follow me bak please??
im never gonna get noticed :( . wah
Need to copy this. MT : Steve Jobs would pick out 4 things to focus on each day; would have face-to-face meetings!
Watching BBtourney - Louisville vs Florida
That IS a big crowd in Duluth. However, when you consider it was a multi-state rally....
SO TRUE wish more got that “: Social media will not solve a marketing problem. It's one element in the whole scheme of things. #amasv”
Totally LOL'd on that one RT : Never argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Thanks for having a great blog! I saw you RT'd my tweet to yesterday, & was already following you :)
Awh, you little baby bird. Wasn't it delicious? Just wait, it's nothing but hunger dreams and ranch dressing from here.
Can't go to softball...
I almost broke at today. If you have an iPhone, GET THIS APP!!
": No glove. Left-handed. And I didn't spill a single drop of beer." I'm impressed!
1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
#SPJ passes resolution discouraging use of term "illegal alien" and further discussion of term "illegal immigrant"
rad. justice-related news" i've finished a piece on why earning your criminal justice degree online is the right move for you.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Go well-fed Hurricanes! RT : Just finished supper at 4:05. Yep, it's Softball Season.
HELL Yeah! T LE and the boys! Can't wait!
People walk out of your life for a reason, because there will be someone who deserves your love more than the last.
I didn't type this using google voice that's how lazy I have a become
Nashville Predators. <U+E32A>
Yeah Kinddaa Some of the good player lefted this year (;
Rangers would be wise to dig into the farm system and go get Hamels when he becomes available --
Guatemala this summer and Kenya next summer?!
WTH did Haddadi just get in the game?!
RT : I love your Clean Trash story on this morning! >>Thanks!
the line up to the all stars tour <<<
I still have no idea what The Hunger Games is or what its about.
that said, Machida ranks top of my list for a Jon Jones rematch. I don't see any other of his past opponents more dangerous.
South American soccer players in the EPL = Borat in the Deep South
Good Vibe in Globe today...not to hot or windy
Im Bored Oovoo Anyone..??
Recommended by 4 out of 5 people that recommend things
A reason why i deactivated my fb is to get away from all these people and now all those people are getting twitter accounts /:
Sleepless nights call for downloading new music.
hey pl follow a fellow atlantan ;)
Thanks! I'm only running from my past.
So hungry! Trying to decide what to it, but everything sounds amazing right now.
memememememmemee ! ah im so excited<333
Guess I'm not going to bed tonight. Ugh journal entry project from the holocaust due tomorrow. Big grade. I have to pretend I'm a nazi..dafq
No other podcast that I know of...which is why we started Social Pros!
Review: There is a pervasive feeling of peace and serenity to this book that only takes a few pages to become apparent.
Just saw the Twilight:Breaking Down trailer!!!damn I'm so excited!!team JACOB BITCH.
I just kicked you with a knee-high boot with a three-inch heel! Bwahaha! Did you sign up for Springmingle critique?
wurd! You admiration of Raburn can go where the sun don't shine though lol
I really need a laugh :/ not doin too good today
Duerson fund to aid children with head injuries The family and friends of the late NFL star Dave Duerson have begun a program to help hig
Life can bring so much discouragement, but if you remain faithful to the vision God has given you, it will come to pass (Hab. 2:3).
thanks 4 the free track keep up the good work. Hope to see you perform in Vegas again soon!
Follow back please?? :D
tomorrow i gotta wear a white shirt & jeans right??!?!?!
I Love Lucy is on.yeee.
I Support 100% and im a true #CeNation fan to you haters dont tweet me cuz i just dont care what you say i
Here is the 70 and sunny degree day I was asking for, thank mil- town :) go bucks
#BeatLA #BELIEVE!! Can't wait for the game go nuggets
oh my gosh I LOVE THEM
@ marcorubio Sir, you have my Vote
And I left my phone at Brass Monkey...
my flaky friends are almost as bad as the ethiopian embassy
At least these things are always fixable! ;)
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and now I understand your instagram photos from yesterday.
Congratulations on advancing in 's Tournament of Championships! Looking forward to your next round.
well keep it up and GO SPURS GO
goodnight . ; pneumafest and emily's tomorrow , then she's comin' over saturday ! ; textt ?
I'll stab you in the front, never in the back.
i'll be happy with a solid C! the SWOT is a totally different story
if she was only 19 minutes late, things would've been just peachy.
I love Scotch.
Dear Heart, Why him?
I love my 3 mile walks with my puppy and watching her run and play :)
been on it for over a year, nobody uses it in Madison so I never said anything
Future values, present values, pmt etc...Love 12c. Can't believe I didn't discover it till now.
Thanks, J.B.!
sometimes our DVR records shows we've never watched ever (e.g. Teen Mom marathon)
What would make your list?
Try clicking on the module then click where it says 'upload a video' fill out the info n add the URL of your video and done!
who else is going ?
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ???????????
Awww that's so cute but guess what idgaf!
C'mon give them a chance. PB is awesome
you know it friend and you need to be there
Goodnight! Buenas Noches! Last tests tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Cloudy Monday afternoon... Give yourself something to look forward to tonight w/Grazie #HappyHour from 5-8PM!
im to busy... to even care...
Hard gettn baq with the past if u had a planed on them being in yo future
Congratulations to the New York Giants for the Superbowl.
I hope your party goes well! Wish we could be there to celebrate with you & C. xo
your music is Awesome Man!
Could two number twos go down in one day..If Lehigh stays away from stupid play,they can win this one over Duke
Go give and some lovin'! we adore them and they help us out so much!
Did you guys wave to us as you were passing by big and littles? The girl at the table saw and waved back, I giggled.
i never get why people cyber bully.i dont get why people bully.its rude,your hurting that persons feelings take it from me ive been bullied
this adult baby thing is going to give me nightmares...... did they say where she is outside ob blo?
Too hot to drive
Snow in May would ruin most vacations.
Thanks for mentioning us! We love our craft beers.
I'm a tough baby I can dance like a man I fucking love it.
Hey stranger, I want you to catch me like a cold. <3
Thanks for the follow
my little daughter loves
YOU'RE STUPID.
you can't trust a man whats made of gas.
ur the baby whisperer!
I got a bruise on my fingers from braiding hair all day friday til 2am, ready 4 the weekend so I can party party yayyy!!!!!!
know what im not a wwf wrestler ok that's fake im REAL lollx
Exactly why I've been scarce lately.
who's be asking for me? whats "i sid b asking u"
Thanks for the tips.
It's warming up time to get your Sprinkler system checked out for Spring. A little preventive maintenance goes a long way!
turn up the music *__________* <3
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way. ~Henry Miller
This ice cream sandwich tastes like kielbasa.
Happy Black History Month! A little late...I know. But it is BLACK HISTORY MONTH.
Oh, so apparently tomorrow is the first official winter "day". Whatever, NYC Weather, sort yourself out already
we've got joe cockers mad dogs and englishmen up ... But only because the cover is hilarious. Might need to reconsider that one.
In a matter of a couple of seconds you can scan your doc, import into TimeMatters, and save to your hardrive.
Mere hours away from our Cyber Monday promo.... the countdown begins.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration
In p.e watching Elf :3
Hope you have an awesome day... :):)
Gonna be a long night branding concepts for Jamo Transportation and PunkRock Productions.
O no lolRT : •African tribe dance•
Yes this is a writing center
#Balance is giving attention to all the aspects of who we are:
hello thanks for the follow back
Some people be cocky...
I have the best friends in the world! Thanks Des for the ride! Xoxo!
Happy birthday!!! To whoever
Same here! I was alerted that someone in Croatia was the culprit. First time that's happened in Gmail. Hmph.
RT Diamond Fact: Blue and pink are the rarest colored diamonds. |
when is it coming?
they aint even godda say it, i knw they dnt trust me.
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
good idea! summer school is for smarties. let us know if you want one online, we can get you set up asap
My New Band has a name "Ray Dearth & Dr. Dr." Derived from our mission make better music by making music BETTER We Have The Cure !
Marc Andre Fluery?
it's ok nick already dropped it lol he was a champ & ate all 3. It was disgusting! Snail, frog, goat and mystery
I have never seen Twitter Lakers fans this quiet in my entire life.
Programming on College & Community Radio varies widely. Reach out to the Host/DJ of the shows that fit your music
You mean I moved out here for nothing? crap
thanks for following...now let's talk.
Silly meth-head, stop imagining things haha.
As that "great" American peacemaker once said "why can't we all just get along?"
Investing in myself.....
Take me back to Sevier County. <333
haha we just got to nyc.. Carlos was fun i got a picture with one of the sisters :)
I'm in 8-Bit Mode - #RadRacer It's not foggy, I just need glasses
Dreamer. MT Padres have Kotsay and Suppan in lineup today. Wondering if they can also get Yuni and Wil Nieves before game.
How come the evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
THOMAS! I LOVE YOU SOSOSOSOMUCH! i just cant wait till you guys come to Chicago,b/c um gonna give u the biggest hug ever! RT??
Red Sox/Rockies fans battling for control over the chants...Let's go Redckies!
I APOLOGIZE to all who may have been #HACKED by my account. I submitted report to #twitter took steps and thanks to ALL who notified me.
Florida Native Plant Society Conference will be held at the Sheraton Maitland-600 N. Lake Destiny Drive Maitland, Fl 32751. We will be there
hey folks are you following ? You totally should! Find out what's going on with the women, the interns and more!
10 serious games lessons-audio, seek needs not wants, rapid prototype, team close, budget for 'get to know community', plan online user comm
Hey , you hear that read the hunger games in a day.
i just followed the next jb can u help me gain followers plz and follow me
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by ...
Our emphasis during phase 1 is to develop Strength, Power & Mobility (improve imbalances/weakness). These guys are in for a treat!
.....Are you watching the Giants game with my brother? lol
Good night bro :)
trutv upfronts - "upload with shaquille o'neal," a show where o'neal and friends discuss and make viral videos.
I've heard that phrase multiple times.
Me: HEY EMILY I FOUND A TACO !!! Emily: COOL WERE DID YOU FIND SENOR TACO I MISSED HIM ! Me: At the taco place around the coner!!!! XD
W<U+2764>W
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us Saturday night! We had a blast. Next up: Press Room, Portsmouth, NH on Nov. 2.
Looking for a special lunch experience, be a taster at Bin on the Lake on Thursday. Apply at www.TasteTweet.com Taste then tweet.
haha!! I would too! When do you go?!
Happy birthday Hope remembered!
4 bogeys for Tiger today. Even par 72. 6 strokes off the pace. Tied for 25th. Back in the day Tiger's bad rounds were 3 under. Not anymore.
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate the support.
don't worry. ill come out there with you to watch the lightening :)
Coyote, mon ami...
Lunch with was great. :-)
Rock wall to climb that is 3 stories, 75 gal. bucket drops water every 5 mins,4 giant slides, obstacle course, diving boards etc
All ready for the Will Durst show. If you leave now, you have time to drink before it starts!
she kinda did lol, but your gonna be my step cousin :D
Blaque Rose - Elite Wear by official launch Summer 2012. The new fly.
she a street walker that's how she get her money and he still trying to cuff
so totally confused by today. When in doubt eat?
Wonder wat wer gonna do with it! ;)
We Agree! She's great... glad you were able to get it sorted out :) Enjoy your shows
Unconfirmed: Following his debut double and undeniable arm strength, Bryce Harper will be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame tonight.
We are almost already a week into September!! Take advantage of our FALL INTO FITNESS promo b4 it runs out..50% OFF!
Lily is silly.
I think we need to focus a lot less on the cataloging past and talk more to other industries.
alright, cool. Im going to try to be there at 1 to sit courtside, but i guess ill see you then
Can't stand these motor boats... Noise and nature polluters
I guess its time to TRY and sleep :]
Stick to reading my tweets instead! #uselessinfo :)
Haha you just took your love for Bloody Marys too a new level
Monday Morning Brain Buster: If you're like the average person, you'll do this 15 times today. What is it?
stiffness/of bare concrete/has childhood/premonitions
Why do the week-ends roll by so fast and the rest of the week so slow?
we are back!! woohoo..I think? Volleyball and cheerleading...ugh
Love !! Who gives out flights of Guiness this morning for St. Patrick's? THEY DO!!!
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
fairy tales! I'm gonna start using that.
#CD101DAYSIDEB has SOLD OUT!!!!!!!
Why are we still talking abt 1/1 computing so many years later?
Awesome day -- the team continues to grow with amazing Chicago talent.
Happy Mother's Day to my Fairy Godmother Mother Pucker! She's a real lemon sucker that one! :0)
i love my frineds!
hes goin home for good to work. So You better make it up by friday
I am following you now! Thanks for the follow! :-)
RT Well, friends. Amazon isn't much help now. But we've still got able-minded elves and lots of books on our shelves...
Happy December!
Channing Tatum at the game.
At the Doctors Office?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
sharpening up my BJJ for the Miami Open on Oct. 22nd.
lol great I'll def give you some more feedback this week
I would take Ryan over Romo, Flacco, Newton, Stafford and Tebow
Oh, trust, I have. You should have seen the text message I just sent.
Just swing by and pick me up! haha
Modern day warrior mean mean stride today's Tom Sawyer mean mean pride.
It was definitely a challenge this week. There were some fairly obscure clues, and theme wasn't readily evident.
You should stop by Orlando to visit me!! :D
Hungry and wide awake somebody fix that
enchiladas two ways, rice, beans. Am I stretching it if I ask for empanadas.
if I win this mega millions lotto I'm get me some Hollywood style therapy
Like your picture
I really appreciate the help. I tithe my gains from your lessons
It's so early but i'm so not going back to sleep, what to do with my day
RT : Why can't the NFL have hats to fit these guys with dreads?#punkinhead. Ha h's good one
#incollege we had MAN TIME THURSDAYS
Maybe yes. Maybe no. RT : You ever notice that most people are noncommittal when you ask them if they've ever noticed something?
Studying with the bf while everyone is going out tonight... Yay for SAT. -___-
It's all fun & games until somebody super-glues their tongue to the wrong thing. Sigh.
LEBRON IS MVP....so if he wins a title this year and wins finals MVP...what will be the haters excuses?
I got a full nights sleep and ate an amazing breakfast, I realize its my job that makes me tired !!!
God has given me the strength to endure tomorrow.. Everything is gonna be just fine ;-)
We just sent you a beer using the new Tweet-a-Beer app! Cheers!
fantasy bk-kings warring, sword fights, evil vs good, dragons... its a show on hbo now, bks r long but good
ASHLEY WANTS ME
Shout out to the Baby Boy <3 ya Boo ! ;P
i agree with you on that, just watched the 50 greatest wrestlers of all time, it was a very well done list. #HBK was 1, #Taker 2
My husband doesn't have any grandparents, though, so I'm blessed to have so many still.
I believe a natural disaster has hit my room... Lol
Hi JM Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Justin's organic dark chocolate peanut butter cups are like crack, seriously, you have one, you'll never go back to Reese's ever again...
(c) Was a joke. But it wasn't. The mean things they said weren't some joke. And they weren't kidding. So ever since than...when someone (c)
Can I get a follow please? Come to Portland, U will fit in great and u WILL be embraced at the Rose Garden!
Hey girl
cool! Now I wanna go fly my kite...
The Lions Rampart is gearing up to tear the Madison apart!
Lamichael James is a beast. Just a bit to injury prone for me. I dont understand wasting a high pick on a RB.
watching the #cowboys instead of studying.
Louisville, Ky sweetheart. U?
This massage is so great and much needed, great way to end the year with
If you have an SEC team coming up on Friday, how important is beating UL? Big game for UL, not so much for UK.
Congrats to and for a grand celebration last night of all things Persian!
it was a flyball.....wow
After Calc, I'm over it
Home alone again as always <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
please follow she is you biggest fan!70
I was a 4 blocks from Union Square & didn't hear anything -- not even the normal Tues @ noon alarm.
is there anyone who has had complications due to gastric bypass surgery
FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!!!!
follow me lol
Got VegasTowers binary size down from 41.5mb to 23mb after some mega compression work, last 3mbs are going to be a challenge
Authors use the purchase of a CD player as example of consumer decision making in a 2009 marketing textbook.
congratulations bro! You deserve it.
my eyes want to close. They feel so heavy
Feeling good feeling great!! This morning! After last night (All Smiles) Love ya’ll!!
Our strength grows out of our weakness. When ever you feel weak, keep in mind that you are gaining strength.
Atleast UK might make history today.... Must punts ever in a game.
Thank you so much for the RT. That was very kind of you : )
You're a gift to the world by simply being YOU.
Severing ties takes a leap of faith, a positive self~concept & the will to always BE complete internally.#purpose(notpeople)driven
That itch right in the MIDDLE of my back o_0!!!!!
I Can't Wait Til I Graduate & Move Away .
Is Moorcock on Twitter by any chance?
yess they are lol they make me sick...! how can they do that i mean i love regulo but no like that :)
Apparent recipe for success: plan fourth installment in modestly terrible cliche ridden franchise, higher Brad Bird to direct it.
i'm interested in bringing back old technology that would now feel like a novelty. like a landline
still not trying to show off my Facebook to employers tho.
Doing laundry and watching food network. Productive * 2.
We don't have our whole team. That's why!
OLIVE YOU TOO BEBE:* lmfao oh jesus we need another sleepover ahhhahaa
m blanton's
looking forward to the weekend and only one more week until vacation!
Happy Friday:)
I'm legally changing my name and I need sum suggestions for names. $100 contest for the best name. Call 1-877-692-0008 ext 31 say Name Game
I wish I went to school lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
He said for you to call him.
Cruise the Mediterranean in style at unheard of prices! The one silver lining of the bad economy...all-time values! www.FreeXpedia.com
my home Internet is absolutely awful. Down everyday. Location central London.
When are you guys headed out to Houston?
I'm gettin tired of ppl talking bout the HEAT, everybody know tht the mavericks is going to lose
I want some!!!! Lol
The owner of this Twitter needs their name engraved on the Stanley Cup when the Kings win it.
Love flies away like a bird.
looks/ sounds wonderful, enjoy!
If you want it all, lay it on the line. It's the only life you got so you Gotta Live It Big Time :)
Made it to Green Bay!! What now?
I dread going back to school tomorrow!
ok. It's almost 11 and i've finished the work I realized was due tomorrowday. Just in time to miss most things tennistical tonite. Boo.
lmaoooo! ik but its so far from my house
I've been to a few (American and Scotch in the fall). They're good. Ticket gets you a lot of whiskey pours & hors d'oeuvres.
I haven't had a good night's rest in over a month #IBlameNolan :T
Love you guys on Mob Wives, me and my wife you are the best.. Keep up the good work!!!
I'll be working the ALA booth at TLA this morning!
-___- Ben does that too. I hate you both. lol.
She has no past She has the possibility to live her life over again
Haha basically what that translates to is "I like girls who are easy".
Finding notes all over my room from >>><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have parade photos you would like to share? We love to see them here, and we are on Facebook too!
hey so you follow my sister. Would love if you could follow me too :)
"Destined, to see the illuminated, not the light." -Goethe, from Pandora
Watching Mr and Mrs smith.
#Question Who is your favorite Clipper?
Explore the riches within and you will never be without.
I hate missing school during SOL week. omfg
Pussy nigga, pussy nigga , why you cry so much?
Is Larry the Cable Guy still an actual cable guy?
Excited to catch jeffrey zeldman at 5.
YESS I agree. Lets go to bars where we can meet them :)
RT : Things are easier when your brand/product/idea play well in music scenes. Stay close to culture!
Yes!!! RT : Congratulations on the Grammy nomination! ("Best Pop Vocal Album" My World)
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets both go on sale Friday. Which of you are coming down to Tupelo on Saturday for Minerva?
Team may weather ####
you might've been raped.
I'll know the universe is on my side if mapquest sends them to London, KY instead.
Good morning! How is everyone? I'm getting as many free subs as I can before #SUBWAY's BOGO breakfast deal is over. How about you?
headin downtown with emily, alex, and jordan (:
PARTY TIP: save water, pee outside
RAP ALL NIGHT. ITS XMAS EVE. <3
love the tan lines nathalie... looking so good and yummy girl
Jagr forgets that this baseball season has a long way to go. Get another comment from him about Pujols in Septemner.
RT : Testing is good, but gut and decisions get the next iteration out.
he looks just like daddy ;)
Of course! I just DMd you, hoping we can meet up sometime. :)
I know you would, then her mom would yell at me
When a girl thinks of her future with her boyfriend, it's normal. But when a boy thinks of his future with his girlfriend, he's serious.
iknew abou tone direction &followed them the day iwas trying to find one republic on twitter ! LOL ,BUT ILOVED THEM SINCE THENN<U+2665>
Psalms 97:10 God loves all who hate evil, And those who love him he keeps safe, Snatches them from the grip of the wicked.
This might take a while.
I am going to check this out. I have been all about but the UI has changed a lot since I first started using it.
and never again and never again they gave us two shots to the back of the head
Massive Hangover today! I hate when I do that
#ItsCuteWhen you tell me you secretly kiss me goodnight
Country music always puts me in a better mood!
morning all hope you all had a good time last night
Bus comes late so I leave to go get some McDonald's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Looking for cash to manage your company? Look no further than factoring your accounts receivables!
I call everyone kid...#getoverit :)
I met alot of Scandolous Bitches.....IM PROUD TO SAY YOU DIFFERENT
she's jealous shes banned from our BBQ
#CalebHanie completes another pass to the #Raiders. His girlfriend is at the game. She's the beautiful woman w/ the Gucci bag over her head.
you ain't gotta tell me!
well Congrats!! You deserve it!!
Woodson bad coaching decision leaving Novak on the bench. Fuck are you thinking?
Best one in forever, <U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson via RT
RT : 5th Annual "Great Chili Cook-off" is this Friday! Open to the public from noon to 1:30pm. $2 fills your bowl!
Just in case you forgot you're a mom and carried a baby nine never ending months. Happy Mother's Day!
FTC Files a Notice of Appeal against a Recent Ruling in Favour of Garden of Life
thinking of my many friends in Tokyo....
Oh same! Are you presenting?
It's not about being armed, it's about lethal threat they pose. Chuck Norris doesn't need a weapon.
If the bat used is like those big plastic toy bat I'm thinking of... won't hurt a thing and prolly creates more noise.
I love you <3
I might be busy...getting sick... calling in on July 3rd.
Today in 1986, Al Green's first album for A&M Records, 'Going Away,' marks his reunion with longtime producer Willie Mitchell.
done with my work for today.... about to start on my work for monday..
lmfaoooooo we were dying for like 5 minutes and omg the raps ...
Ironically I've been scared to bring my iPod. boarding I think my poor little brain might overload.
_: The bad thing about life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
It's better to have love and lost, then to have to live with a psycho for the rest of your life.....
Celeb facts USA: Most popular models this month are Brooklyn Decker, Kate Moss & Rebecca Romijn.
no. Got 'em at the j.o.b. cause we overslept.
cool stickers!!
I get to sit right near the Orchestra :3
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree
i changed my username i am not any more i am
que paso?
At this point in my day I'm not sure which I need more. Some of this homemade Prozac or a shot of whiskey.
No one will tweet, I go!
long story imma tell you
HAPPY HOUR! $3 rails, $3 house wines, $3 draught beers. Cozy on up next to our firebrick oven before the snow starts!
a beautiful quote!
that's why god make scrolling so easy!
Go Bears, go Blackhawks... make this s good Sunday...
When Ian Lee wears a dress and dances the tango with Chris in class.
A perfect morning will be a day when no children need a place like That would mean the End of #ChildSexualAbuse! Tweet On!
best of luck to all the former members of VIVERA! sucks to see you doods part ways. thanks for all the rad times! :) see you soon!
Two new tracks to be released after this Fridays show. It's our last one for a very very long time.
Momma surprised me with a ton of paint stuff, yayaya love ya.
A nice piece, congratulations!
Stopped focusing for a measly second and stopped strait into a puddle the size of landen lake
I'm damn near offended in how much of a diehard fan I've been of , promoting his music & ish, but still no follow back :(
Great to hear such positive feedback.We look forward to your return.
lucky!!! My bucket list is full of meeting rockstars. Lol
As a packer fan, I hope more Republicans like can talk some sense into other legislators who are opposed to the Vikes stadium
I couldn't get in his apartments. You could've told me something. You could've texted me.
s/o for the features
Home! I sure will miss
Too fucking raw. Face down ass up.
omg Anna. Hahahahahahahaha. That's nasty!
I get to see u in 80 days ! I'm super excited :) can't wait to see u in Indy ;)
was that to me? lol.
dont make me...
thats serious... i need that in my life
Based loaded for #Orioles with Betemit down 1-2 in the count. One out.
-Lazy Kids?? Kids do not get everything they want in the world. Why don't parents see the importance of this? Too bad, read it.
Assumptions: people want access, people have tech to access, patrons will abide by lending policy
#cards up 12-1 in the 8th if they are going to go to the bullpen they better score all they can
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 92
most people can't speak on the subject like last night, but on thing that fa sure. Convo was Real!
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass by. Ps. 57
please email w/3 topics and I will pick 1. 650-1200 words.
MAD UNHAPPY. Why the hell does America need to remake 'Death at a Funeral'? Respect for Chris Rock has just gone down.
Great event tonight with ! Thanks so much to the panelists and the amazing e-board for putting it together!
really. Interesting
man o man i love #CommercialFreeHOT let me get a song on for ya!! 877-999-1015 -
“: At home Exercising say wat ikno RIGHT!!!!! me exercising!!!! Ohhhhyeahhhbabby ”
omg i forgot Gotye is on ! lol Reminder :)
FEEL IT
Always great singing in grand ballroom at the Palmer House in Chicago...Tuesday at the Allerton for another private event. Life is good!
yeeehaw! Let's kill some zombies. Leggo!
I love when people take my phone ;)
Sorry to hear that and hope you are feeling better! Mark Jan 15 on calendar for Twineup !
I sure hope so. I will b ready whenever I'm called upon
Turned out to be a modem issue. I'm glad I had a spare on the shelf.
Happy bday Mikey and me and my mom make this the best day ever
The sky is crazy
We have a goal to sell at least 24 Kringle before 6pm today - proceeds benefit at Southridge Mall!
Embiggen is a perfectly cromulent word
I did not.
My grandfather passed away this morning. He will be missed. He was the kindest man & best story teller I ever knew.
Hi Barry, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you provide the best customer service possible. Follow 2 DM?
are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world
Mangled presidential slogans: Speak softly and carry a chicken in every pot
Let's make HUMP DAY a lil' sweeter ;) 15% off reg. priced items. Today only. Open 2-9pm. Happy shopping!
I am a leader not a follower! How about that<U+E418>
[Insert new complaint here]
I hear now my dude this was nice!! Keep 'em coming!!
Speak for yourself. I always keep a clean room...
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Seriously. Scale it back, Fox. We're all hooked. RT : Finished stitching all the Prometheus trailers together. Film was great!
Buffy AND Logan? I'm in.
So upset they're closing the Abercrombie in the village and I missed the get rid of everything sale
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Just heard former SRC member Johnny Irizarry speak openly about his 2.5 year experience on the SRC. Amazing discussion.
You've never had French food?!
You make all the confusion go away...
LOL at least your not writing about nutrition :)
#AskBrody would you rather be a pro golfer or famous singer? :))
Posted details about guest bloggers. successfulblogging.com Looks like a great day!
Who remembers Chris Bosh in Jurassic Park? He messed Newman up pretty bad in that jeep.
water brewery in grafton
So cute! we are #designnerds too :)
they need to be like you and
Became an Anonymous Source Handler in the Journalism career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Loop walk anyone?
Being forced to watch Rocky. I will get my revenge someday.
Jake is almost at 1.000.000 followers. I'm proud of my baby.
School. That is the LAST place I want to be.
I asked amber and dad they said no
Happy birthday to my perfect girlfriend. :)
Ah you missed those, ill keep u posted soon
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Pretty sure my work computer has less RAM than my iPhone.
what r u talking about.. it came out like a month ago!!! sass!!!!
dude i'm in LOVE with a bulldog on there... we're gonna get one in the spring... sigh...
Thanks, man. Happy Friday!
Thanks, Del Marie! We'll keep you posted for sure
Sweet. I hope we get to play together some time!
2/23/1773-> G Simpson:These Negros had better be valued by the same Appraisers; the Cost of them is nothing to the purpose as I bought them
Don't go into battle today without your sword!
Happy Easter twitter people, enjoy have a great day with family and friends.
Way further,,,, but uh...HOW BOUT THEM DAMN LAKERS!!!!!
55 degrees again tomorrow; break out 'Kings of the Weekend' by Bad Sports. The record doesn't play cold temps...I've tried.
Hee hee. ": Those celebrating Earth Day should know the earth is celebrating People Era. That celebration is almost over."
Smh the fact that people can talk about someone's religion is beneath me, this world is a crazy place.
Guys need a bullet proof vest to hit on you. -Sean Thompson
Interested in the virgin remy, whats the ticket?
Damn I wished Snoop Dogg would have kept rapping like he did when he first came out instead of going commercial! Doggystyle was Vicious!!!
Never on this. Maybe ill start doing this more, idk. Goodnight.
Sometimes you've gotta put it on ice...
Q: " McRib; BK Sliders #whichismore #greasy #fancy" A: I don't understand the question. What are these?
Let's get our engines in gear for Webcasting from Boneshakers for Indie River Radio's Official Launch Party on Fri and Sat from Studio 13!!!
You're welcome.
”The body says what words cannot.” -Martha Graham
where in the world are you?? Haha
If you want an answer start by asking a question. It doesn't even have to be a good question.
When I run for too long my face turns green; my hands, feet, knees, ears, and nose turn blue; and the rest of me turns red.
Crying my eyes out with my spaghetti and scalloped potatoes in the dark. Here's to hoping New Girl makes me feel better.
#shedidntcallbecause When you text her you say boring things like "Hey" or "Whatsup"
TV On the Radio @ Radio City Music Hall. Classy joint for a rock show!
I figured it out first! lol : Breaking news Kerry Wood will retire today !
How sweet it is to be loved by you.
Knew you would. :D
looking forward to having you join us on Saturday at the
follow me i follow you love ya <333333333
west mid in the am?
Major league 2
damn good question
Thank You GOD 4 Lettin Me See Anotha Light Of Day..
Road closures in Fells Point begin at 5pm Sunday. No thru traffic from Caroline to Wolfe Streets & Aliceanna St to waterfront.
Confirmation practice<U+2600>
you're welcome!
& always been dem niggaz. Shout out to my big brothers man.
"someone said they saw you pick your boogers on the bus!" oh the things I hear little kids say...
hey Ryan, let's go workout and then go to eat together like the champs we are?! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
contact my A&R AT THE FOLLOWING kind lady 713-855-4431
throwing up outside of kenwood mall on black friday didn't just happen.
where's the love? Lol
whats good my dude?
Haven't said anything stupid again, thankfully. Just inspired by conversation with coworkers.
It was great to see and on #DWTS!
Seriously, thinking about deleting my FB account. I don't even get on as much...
Am I a bad person for thinking it's too bad Davy Jones didn't die at sea so then people could say he's in his locker
haha thanks AJ! See u in a bit! :P
lol I was just wondering if I should post a few of u LMAO
so many leftover cookies!!! lol! I need a treadmill - that's gonna be my next purchase! :)
FML.. Like seriously!.
We are still here!!
you blocked me bro?? ):
glad to hear it! Keep your eyes peeled for our next twitter contest!
I was born in new York and I'm 12
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #12 The Power of Priority - your Highest Priority should equal the Greatest Achievement...period.
I'm gonna try that.....
Just finished reading #Delirium by ! Why didn't I finding this earlier?!?!
yes the class has been great. 9 and 11? Sounds like a white flag may be in order
man...lol...long story saddly it ended
- enjoyed your presentation this am - wish districts were more open to it!
Kill Em With Kindness.
Starship doesn't even smell like hiphop. I don't know who she is...Kim? Gaga? Satan? Just go away!
Met Diane VanDerbeek from Yacht Olympus and was very inspired by her story because all Women ARE Powerful. http:www.WomenArePowerful.com
Beyondthescoreboard.net so when u think about micheal Jordan Larry bird migic Johnson Tim Tebow Tom Brady Aaron Rodgers it's will
The Descendants >>>
momm & best friend day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Dear Billy Belichick, I know you love trading down, buy please consider moving up this year and snagging Justin Blackmon at 4. Please
your Kate is brilliant mohr please
bored in lunch hby ?
LET'S HOPE FOR A REPEAT OF 1999! Get out your #nike sports bras!
Tacobell i think yes!!
Ok, MTV is officially a disgrace. The man who BUILT THEIR NETWORK has died unexpectedly... and they're showing Futurama reruns. Sickening
had fun at the critics choice awards red carpet was very nice
wth ashley want ?
Attention nerds : stop what you're doing and see Cabin In The Woods. It is our mind's duty.
sorry didnt get word we.are starting.trivia at 630pm now....to make up 4 it tell me nxt time in and i got $20.gift for.u
I'm so excited my AT&T magazine just got delivered!
#TeamFred RT : Have a safe & fun #Little500. Tweet us your favorite party animal for a chance to win 2 tickets to the race!
Pattie is our queen... She raised put idol... All by herself... She's strong. We love u pattie. <3
in New Jersey
awesome! I can't wait for the ball cap to be back on the stage to shut up the haters!
Good luck this wknd! Can't wait for the first race RT : SCCA PDX at Summit Point this weekend! First time in the car in 2012
I just feel like I can't do it
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !! #NickJChat 0
The Beatles on iTunes? I've been pirating/ripping them for years. Come on Apple, give me something new here.
#glee has inspired me to rewatch #westsidestory for the bajillionth time
Front of stage , left, for will hoge, black hoodie, back pack and dumb gold shades..I gots more tix
God cares about us more than you'll ever know. He knows each of our needs & desires before we can even tell Him about them.
We love you guys!
So is bookending this trip with another great flight experience: 3 hours on plane at gate so far. Worried dog can't hold it till SEA
You know it’s going to be a great story when it starts off with, “So this B!TCH”
Thank you, ! You ROCK!!
Figured out the Intro to our EP last night. Let's just say, it's something none of us have -ever- heard done before...
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!
learning abt google refine on a coffee break webinar
CAMS... If you like money.... SLAP THAT ASK!!!
ssh -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no user@*.local
5000 Tweets! Dang I talk a lot lol!
I hope so! Seems like forever since I've done that.
Split lanes...
I am getting off going to work on some music while I'm in Lunch but I am going to be on when I get home so hmu with the #'s :)
Can we get a picture of Gronk jersey turnpiking on the cover of #Madden13 ?
I just *heart* little nuggets of info like the sex and the city tweet this morning #glam Thanks for that!!
When in Abq make sure to go to Twisters. It's where they film the Pollos Hermanos restaurant stuff and they have awesome burritos.
School tomorrow :( the worst end to the perfect weekend
Yes! Go pack!
im sorry :/ you deserve to meet them SO much. more than a lot of people..
Ever been booked on a gig and happy for work, but sad you were missing a really fun life memory??
Anyone else having trouble accessing #gmail and #googlecalendar? Not a great way to start a busy Monday morning!!!!
Lol my phone is in my car. Im at school 20 minutes away smh
nah... just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am.
I feel bad for all of these singers and performers who make it because soon all that will be left to do are reality talent shows.
The disconnect between geeks & non-geeks leads to a cycle of dysfunction.
i just told my sister i got a tattoo.
I'm thinking about movin to San Diego. Is that a good area?
Well done!
"The art graphics are nice."
thanks for a-followin'
Thanks Hugh!
I think they are such a great couple..
Would you take midnight classes? Could they be right for UNLV?
wait, the pianos are an internet thing too? i had no idea!
I'm on a private tour of the #HDmuseum with and many others.
To all christians all over the world. We must embrace of salvation with enthusiasm and excitement everyday to win to lost souls.
im quite excited now i just don't know how to have my hair :/
I ate some of it by mistake. It is made of rubber. And. It tastes like it!
Take me a quick nap then ill be refreshed
Aw man i'm dragging today.. A long weekend didn't hit me till today.
Awk moment when i forget how to.swallow my.spit
thanks... will let you know if any new follows result!
hey you were in my dream the other night. you lived in this big house, very nicely furnished and i was there looking for money
My favorite, my favorite girl<33
Head to Barneys this wk-Bring in a gently used pair of jeans to donate to charity, score 20% off a pair of full-priced jeans.
the hippo never been tapped. U could change that? Lol
Wish I was still on the payroll too..
im going to cuddle you so hard
lol! I thought they had lost their minds for a second! Where are you playing and when?
Happy new year my lovely friends!! :) xx
Hope everyone is enjoying their rainy Saturday in
. Best #DCsports week ever.
It's Trivia Tuesday! Where was the world's first paper money used (what country) & in what century??
Nice. Maybe Dale can buy another suit now?
u are too easy for a behaviorist ;)
in both timelines she dies by Walter's hand! Coincidence?
my favorite romantic movie is the vow
why do i live in the one place in america where you can't find any cookies!
You know you eat at Jimmy Johns too much when the staff knows exactly what you want.
save me a dance at prom? lol :)
No difference in a Golden Calf & and a Golden Apple. Steve Jobs has done a job on America. We have uploaded individuality, downloaded zilch.
Did anyone expect anything less for a congressman named Weiner to send young girls anything but his wiener
im finna come mess wit u at work
Hee hee. Bc you haven't advertised on the HOCO board. Why isn't following you?
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job..
I'm glad u didn't. People are so judgemental these days. Responses would be crazy
Came home this morning & found out leaves dog movies on for Lionel when she leaves for work. Hysterical.
Downloading the app and getting ready for the show. Just two weeks out.
been like that me since I was little went to the ER twice for a shot lol bad thing apples isn't the only fruit:(
I'm sad about Petrino. I'm disappointed because he was a class act at Auburn. I know his whole family & I coached one of his daughters.
Thanks!! I checked out your blog yesterday...awesome! The recipes look great...I'll def have to try the granola bars.
CLASSIC lol ": Lmao @ the BITTER #Knicks fans taking their frustrations out on JR....remember when you called us bitter
I'll be trying to blog 2 - 3 x a week, check back often for updates! www.losangelesvoicetherapy
Really? How could you not love that?
Looks good on my radio :)
Working sun ra and terry riley references into this generative-music / interactive-surface / wireless-game-cube thing we're working on.
so meta? This must have something to do with
Clementine will be selling food before the Hopkins Stoop on Fri, so you don't have to hear stories on a empty belly!
The Show Girl Gourmet All Beef Hot Dog w/Strawberry & Black Pepper Relish. $3 YUM
how often do you practice speaking English?
Studies have indicated that the consumption of coffee lowers the risk of certain diseases but might have negative effects as well.
Q2 #ITChat What technology do you need to succeed globally? Define success how you see fit. | via
I know you dont want to talk about this but that gurl is a mental liar looking for $. Us beliebers belive you no matter what.
A Good one!
C R E A M _ S T E R E O _ L O U N G E ... TONIGHT 9pm-2am ... Come have a drink with me 602.348.1722 Ryan OWNER of AZ PartyLife Productions
I'm at Le Cirque in NYC for a special dinner. This is probably like a normal Tuesday night for
yeah right
Um we broke a thousand !!!!
Am I Matt Walsh? NO. I have never hosted Americas Most Wanted or played with the Eagles!
D-List supports Pasch!
im playing this game in my mind where i pretend certain people don't exist. it's brilliant. and makes me hate them less :)
Congratulations to Julia for winning the VIP entry at Performance Outfitters last weekend!
#sundayfunday with and blakey who should get a twitter!!
unfortunately no. how's the fest overall?
text me back! :) please!
“: lmao and we both know how that ended lmao dudes boots in the sky!!!”he was really vertical upside down
...Your brother?
OH SHIT WOAH RT Welp, people who wanted to see Nymphadora Tonks naked are getting their wish tonight.
Imma be busy this whole weekend -___-
omg Shannon it's a Tuesday night....
Be lookin fly
deadMau5 n00bs have swarmed the twitter.
i do
At least we made it. What about the Leafs fans and Montreal, Buffalo and all the west teams. What if that was us?
first week is the hardest. Get in a routine you will be fine
no problem lil momma
Let me know what you find out Miss Florida!
Andy Shehata was here.
At the risk of being redundant, Lindsay Lohan is nearly unrecognizable and that makes me sad.
wow talk about publicity! You made 's website!
guess they are paying attention... watching... my life is a film...
Lmfao i was WEAK! -_- where tf are his parents at?
what are your measurement? DM me.
Research Project..
Brent is cool. But Kozel? Yeah i guess
I'm so happy lol i don't even know why after I just felt the AP test xD #Don'tEvenMatter >:D!
and that's why he's the man
Welcome to SF! We're also in Mint Plaza! I'm OOF next week, but you should go say hello to other Zaarly folk like
y'all should head over to Second Fiddle tonight, by far best band on broadway I think you'll love them!!
Yes, every subway ride feels like a poorly written prologue. Love it.
Theatre office, not dependable at all -_-
So you can whip out in front of me but then you go 5 under the speed limit.
Been a week now in vegas with some the the finest restaurants in the world and all I crave are Dragon Wings. Y'all so lucky in Roch.
Omg seriously screw my teachers where is #summer ?
yikes!! I'll keep my 70 degrees :)
Hey there!! Glad to see you here! RT : Evening Gents!!
What does Just Desserts mean to you?
Yup, I'm Kaylin, but I think you would know my name by now lol
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good. - Buddha
FOLLOW me justin! my idol forever!! i wonna be like u..yes im boy
I woke up in Sleepy Hollow
Thanks Jason! Great seeing you today!
Jim Neal: we need to massively redeploy library spaces for acad collaboration
Directed them to 2nd place and kept Teo from going absolutely insane.
Sometimes it's nobody's fault... people just grow apart.
Alrighty! Hold on one sec! :) x
Without #LPC24 I wouldn't have met my wonderful linesister and many other amazing women!
absolutely. Keep me posted?
"What's your favorite sport?" "Surfing.....the internet"
I think the cat is in love with the dog. She's been kissing him for the last 15 minutes while he is passed out
Haters will talk shit but wanna be where I sit, so lames can envy because I am the top bitch.
#fitness kickstart your metabolism in the AM with a cold glass of water, juice or milk and some fresh fruit.
Get a FREE medium drink if U mention Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
Wil Wheaton. RT : The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
LOVE that song.
kickin it wit after work
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. ~ Mary Ellen Chase
So glad the boys have found a pet substitute...their baby brother. Both proclaimed proudly "James can fetch!"
The mash-up photo freaks me out. At first glance, looks like the girl from The Ring. <shudder>
wouldn't it be to big to fit on your tv screen??! Lol #messedup only you'd know Tori
: Sorry, we don't have wireless. Why not just call it an early day from work? ;-)
Gorgeous sunset in KC
Headed to Dallas forsure
And of course there's a lot of stammering going on. If this were a movie, I'd imagine that Ana would have gnawed her lower lip off by now.
Are there any Reality TV Producers out there? If so, we'd like to hear from you - please visit Talkbiznow.com, and look me up.
James McAvoy is sexy even when posing with a pig's head.
If they slip let em ain't no point in catching, what can't stay up.
On my way to Resistencia Book Store.
tea-flavored jolly ranchers
Hi ! Thank you for following.
There's always time to go fishing !
I DO NOT like timeline on FB... Ugh, I also DIDN'T ask for them to change it without my permission!
Session 2b: Old New Orleans
we two shall never share another breath. my world has faded. this longing it's an unrelenting torture. oh mercy, take me now to my beloved.
Awee thank u love!!:)
didnt dawn and charles have two crystals? the first one they drained, then the one from fayes granddad???
Hey there, (KayleneWRyken), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
They have wrong data on there salary those numbers are totally wrong
Ahh foot cramps
#tostitos - I think I am in love - Artisan recipes : Roasted Garlic and Black Bean
Right.. So I have 30 assignments do in 2 days...
never give up on ya dreams!
haha, What's up?(:
OH a pregnant friend say, "Rainbow and glitter are our baby shower colors."
“Meditate. Live purely. Be quiet. Do your work with mastery. Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds! Shine” ~Buddha
Photoshop vs. Lightroom, which would you pick?
I haven't gotten any word back yet, but hopefully streit perham. You?
hahahaa. I hope don't forget that. :P yeaa, obviously I will do :)
RT : GTac's pullout confirms that it was never interested in responsible mining....
see you at the window..kiss your lead goodbye sta boi..
Am on JFK-SLC. Paid 4 gogo inflight. Enough bandwidth to get on Twitter,not enough bandwidth for anything else :-( Not what I wanted
im seriouse!! i look REALLY bad today :(
My name is Ricky Minaj, I'm a professional fishermen and I only catch Super Bass.
Sun + pool + toddler birthday party > me
Never mentioned hard work & Blood sweat, needed for Re-Imagining 21st century K12 education, MBA,PHD s not listening!
There's the author talking here now. And of course you should come and eat some chocolate. :)
woah. That's awesome!!!
liking the avatar
your kneecaps
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
Cummings bill also expands range of penalties for Hatch Act violations & treats DC employees as state & local employees rather than fed
Sounds like me a few years ago lol. We will discuss this week.
"Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better."
#FF Thanks for all your support of us and our inspiring challenged athletes
Did you hear about my Prez? He will be running through Folsom today during his #24HourRun for
I love
you set a goal and try and be active to reach that goal. It's a great watch if nothing else.
we can work it out email
Gallup poll: 60% of voters say Pres. Obama’s support for same-sex marriage will make no difference to their vote
and they're posh. fancypants.
Why yes I would. Email me.
This class eats but(:
I have my moments :)
are you watching these GD nuggets?!?! WTF is going on! Westbrook and durrant are very very cocky!
Andy will be fine in 7, but so will that other guy on the Rangers. If pitch count is crazy we need CC esp against Hamilton
it looks amazing. Hope your enjoying the bday celebrations!
Thanks Ellen!! Great to meet you!
i want waffles....with maple flavored bacon
she ain't messin with you though!
RT : I'm just saying Precinct 19 located at Dunbar Senior High has an awesome set of election judges!!
yeah the smart tall one lol
Author of Sleeping With Your Smartphone says "unplugging" takes a team, not a village. Story coming soon!
Dear Everyone: For really, no, but, for honestly, if I don't get to Comic-Con next year, I will fire mutant powers all over everyone's face.
": lol, sorry I don't speak nigger. #dumbbitch" see racism still alive
Fresh Beat Band makes me want to gouge me eyeballs out, but listening to my little girl sing "We Had A Great Day" is joyous
Visit Booth 1017 for a chance to win Amazon's best-selling tablet, the Kindle Fire!
“: 86 bands will compete around the world, one band will win. Will it be us? ”
Having a drink with a good friend at Plaza Garcia. Incredible restaurant in Woodinville. Stop by sometime!
if you're seriously getting pissed because voices his opinions, then you are legitimately an idiot. Athletes have rights too
Things You Shouldn't Say on #Facebook #46: "My son Terry made parole!!!"
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
Hey girl. Why don't we turn that golden arch into a ring that I slip onto your finger.
It should be LIVE
What's your favorite Halloween treat?
Great to know that!
This chick is sexy... Like DAMN
The rest of the week and the three days of school next week better go by a little faster.
Adding a lens flare. Nobody panic—I'm a professional!
"Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life."
Ill bet EVERY DOLLAR to my name a nigga wouldn't give 3 fucks bout my stretch marks when I show up Butt Booty Meat nekkid wit a Yoga Ball
You bet! stop by and we will show you the EZ play method
ever get back to Madison?
Well the Christmas season is here and it's time to start planning for Easter. ;^)
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally.
There are very few things in a household that can't be reasonably mended via a roll of duct tape, a bouquet of tulips, or bottle of whiskey.
I understand I do think it would be fun as first timers w/ park-a-day! Hope you consider joining me =)
way past Milbury's bedtime
O shit I didn't know it was so late
Yeah baby!!! Let's do this!!!
Oh I've been bewitched by RA for a while, it just intensified lately since Spooks ;-D
Speaking at EPPS b'fast this AM. Anyone planning on attending? Might hit Griddle for pancakes immediately prior.
/ or we good freaky b?
This rain demands daydreams of a summer day not too far away that will be spent drinking gin gimlets on a sun-soaked porch.
People are super annoying when you're about to poop your pants.
it was ALL
Follow me on Twitter
Linda Ketchum raises the CCAP discrimination issue.
You dont give head .....wait.... ¦¦PAUSE
I know we've all been out protesting for days and sleeping on the floors, but seriously guys, time to hit the showers!!!
George Karl Looks Sick
great point!!!
Run like the wind! Best wishes for a successful marathon and a happy knees!!! :D
sunday fundayyyy bring on the bink
Good Morrow To You Mizz Lady Blue & No Problem Good Day To You.. And Cheer On Our Glorious
Just arrived at the #gwgala. Come visit the table
Yay! Are you going to visit Lambeau? How long are you staying? I'm sure your sister is excited!
Would have been there sooner if not for SONY's uncanny ability to bake BlueScreens into their laptops.
stay tuned to our newsletters for our expansion news. we're constantly growing and crossing our fingers with you. =D
keylessmusic.com is up and running
well, right now im in a combination dust/snow storm in the desert between albuquerque and phoenix. So yeah
i thought i heard on stephen colbert's show that it's actually 4 parts. whatevzz i'll go look it up
If I seen #oomf, I'd be in a much better mood..
you is smart. you is kind. you is important.
has a paid internship avail for business, marketing, social media & event planning.
Hope you know how much of a bitch you are.
I'm using LexisNexis Academic > US Legal > Tax Law. Though I've seen this behavior in other sections of the database. Cont....
Anyone looking for a great rate at a fabulous hotel that overlooks the Space Needle in Seattle, hit up he'll give you VIP trtmt
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE
I don't think I've ever been so excited for UCLA vs. Rice or UMASS vs. UCONN...
1/2 off bottles of wine today!!
Just did my laundry..Out of clean underwear...Thats not good...
young kid kudi :) I see u
From now on, I'm going to call tree operations like that "Sophie's Choice" methods and ruin everyone's day.
try to get a job there !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY LITTLE MOBSTERS
He has tips hat RT : Big Sean been goin lately
Ride your bike to avoid the gas prices!
Just saw an email address that was "".
$5 Greek Cheeseburgers...SERIOUSLY, how good does that sound right now??
Blood Red Wine from Slayer (Wine Spectator) Plus, a Eurythmics-Mollydooker collaboration, House Band eco-packaged wine for festivals and
what are your needs?
The color is pretty intense even w/o the glowing. (And it's not like I'm going to move partial bottles of liquor across the country.)
Cosmic cowling this weekend!! :) cant wait!!
I hope that's a legal drinking age comment... 9months can mean a lot off things...
RT : If you want to succeed, double your failure rate. - Thomas Watson, IBM pioneer
Bulls playing tonight,,,
is that a tornado forming out there, I can see it
wash your face twice a day, but do not let sweat linger. If you sweat mid-day, wash it off!
that pic should be Chasers billboard lol
buy an island
doing a great job giving a fun presentation about Twitter.
Whatch my videos @ www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 Remember to comment, like of dislike my vids! And subscribe!! :D
Thx for the support! RT looks fabulous and reinvigorated. Love it! Hope to contribute some features one day soon!
I just know that it's a scene I distance myself from as well. I'm more of a "don't hate the players, change the game" person. :)
Racing to the end to get my buyers closed by tomorrows tax credit deadline!
Thomas Porter Blog » Cisco Aironet Patch Antenna
So What Are You Up To?
First team to 47 wins gets to represent the east for the cup
Yeah, I just never get sick of fetishizing prepubescent girls...Also the show is now named after a character who will never appear?
That class looks great! I've always wanted to build those skills. I wish there was something like that in NYC.
During the next few days I will be donating my services to develop a donation website for a 10 year old who got diagnosed with leukemia.
Thank you for 18 years.
Higher Caliber Klique is bigger and better than ever!!
send us an email w/acct info and issue. we'll see what went wrong.
The foyer in your home says welcome to you and your guests. Choose an elegant chandelier and wall sconces to light this important space.
cd comes out a week before my birthday, is out a week before that, it's gonna be a metal week
Guess the weather will be iffy but have a great time. Basking in Penguin win. PSU in the middle of Philly-Pgh battle...LOL.
In 1492 Columbus left in search of a new world. Show your taste buds something new at Winghart's...just a trek downtown and no seasickness!
I can't wait until March 15 for The Secret Circle
Thanks for the #FF dear!
Score!! RT : You have to have the mac and cheese pizza. It's delicious.
I like sad bastard music more than most, but I just can't get down with Elliot Smith. Sorry bout the knife, bro, but yo melancholy stagnant.
Clearly this is the start of your mid-life crisis. Happy Birthday.
We are a Real Estate Investment Company
Big data systems allow us to computationally understand our planet - Jack Dangermond
Where did i go wrong....?
haha. What's that song called, I couldn't find it on sound hound.
Besides poster board and stick retailers, who rakes in the cash when protest time comes?
IM A FLORIDIAN. IM A GATORS FAN. FUCKKKK BAMAAAA. GO GATORS.
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people do that, but the great make you feel you too can become great. Mark Twain
This weather is making me wish I hadn't gotten out of bed
well i was, dads home :(
Dinner conversation on lucid dreaming inspired me to try to fly tonight.
The count down to Wine Wednesdays at UE begins...Coming this February 24...stay tuned.
For those of you who didn't know--I have a pinched nerve in my back and I've spent most of today in varying amounts of pain. :|
Shout out to K attys!
video cam shuffle! www.aaron.tv
Looking for cash buyers interested in some great cash flowing and equity rich deals in Grove City or Hilliard, OH!!
You know what I love? Singing with my boys at bedtime. Tonight we did three rounds of 'aby 'aluga.
that was good!
A key tip for small businesses be4 approaching a news outlet: Think through your communications strategy first and develop a plan.
Ill give kobe and world peace credit but the rest of this game has been bullshit.. Hope la makes the finals now... Wade forever!
#newspaces4learningI think #8 is in development with roll up ipads in the near future and all our textbooks having access through it
I have encouraged friends and customers to Go Natural! It's a beautiful thing!
it is officially SlideShare :D thx for the help!
I love my life, and it is my dream to help you love yours...
Hoping for a better workout tomorrow :)
Did You Get One Of The Bad Girls To Come Do A Photo Shoot ?
Lying in bed counting the hours of sleep you have left...only to realize you don't have class, traffic, 6 am the next day >
Hm...Don't you mean, "hey great and wonderful lady that I'm so happy to have as a friend of mine"?
Come in and enjoy 1/2 Price Sushi, Beer & Wine - Every Mon-Fri from 4-6pm! Also, don't miss the FREE wine tasting every Thurs 4-6pm!
Ensure content is finger-friendly. Just b/c content is big enough to read doesn't mean its big enough to touch.
I think he's sad he doesn't have utensils to eat his food with
#supportlocalmusic Live till 5p. And all day live on Tune it, follow us, share.
Ppl stay talking bout haters. Why u hating on them so much?
Wow, #Entourage is getting good this season.
well they started cheering Wade when he held up a Yankees hat, so it looks like it was about Tebow.
Girls be proud of bob your sexy the way you are and don't have anyone tell you different !
...is that a web link? O.o
Would you be more likely to buy a print of "baby Clay Matthews" Donald Driver and Rodgers together, or separately?
Lmao. You don't think it'd be a good fight?? I think he'd give Mayweather all he could handle and would possibly beat him
Thanks Nick! Glad someone else saw that too
We've reached the useful end of the Internet when people start checking in at their gynecologist.
Wow, so jealous! Hope you're thoroughly enjoying the conference!
No! I got some bread from a rest stop though!
...hope you make it in soon :)
What's everyone doing?
possibly - where r they?
Thanks for telling your followers about our David Leapman exhibition. Its opening this weekend.
RT : Junior was a true competitor and a special player. My heartfelt condolences go out to the #Seau family.
How many time is Nate gonna poop in the tub? Ugh!!!!!
Check my work...musical overtime!!! Work hard or dont clock in!!
Whats up wit dis new twitter app I downloaded? It keeps unfollowin ppl
Indispensable and Well-Presented Grammar Guide Released
is at The Spot TONIGHT @ 8PM. $15 covers all drinks until 9 and movie scene karaoke until 11. BE THERE! Proceeds benefit Jinx!
But sure, haters, O's statement is meaningless. </snark> RT : RNC statement: vigorously defends DOMA, calls for constit. amendment
Ah, unfortunately it's a Borders-only product that isn't listed on their e-store yet; working with them to get the nb's listed.
Thanks! i signed up for the next meetup!
Did you get the earlier note? Send your interest/ideas to . Thanks!
Go Kaptur! beat the troll!
No one's ever come up with Juju before! I like it!
Totally new website. Totally new book on #Kindle. Check it out. www.traceyperger.com
M. Froyo with Gavin.
Undergraduate Focus: University college wins best thesis award
Introducing THE LADY KILLER....(red velvet) accepting orders for special delivery June 1st (2dozen min.) Sneak Peak!! twitpic.com/4wh7r2
Big plans this Friday night? Keep it safe, St. Louis.
Congrats Boston! You will always be the other Black and Gold though... Go Pens!! #SidForPres #NHL 2011-12 is ours!!!!!
Don't write words to add content to a page...Write to engage, entice and persuade. It lasts longer.
Sorry to have missed your tour with the other Gadlingers today! Hope it was a blast.
Facing #foreclosure or struggling to make your payments? Let us educate you on a #shortsale & how it can help. www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
One of the hardest things about plucking your eyesbrows is making sure they both look the same when you're done. Eek!
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as Finalists for the 2012 Award for Innovation Leadership...
Once you have homemade jam you'll never go back to the store bought stuff.. thank you farmers market.
Fun Fact: Sometimes I wish I could just run away from everything.
RT : I get on Facebook and get right back off
well...I'm partial to the brown stuff...40 Creek is my current beverage of choice...Zima for u???
Need more income? Need retirement? Need a plan B? Looking 4 happy net-workers not happy with $$$ now. Phone interview. 360-217-7967
DailyHookahTip#113: NHT means Non Hookah Tobacco, or drugs. When discussing hookah with the pros, consider NHT a taboo.
Save time to go resort hopping around WDW! They go all out w/ decorations. Definitely hit all MK resorts incl Wilderness lodge!
got to love Ohio!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because he inspires me to continue singing and work on my voice, he also seems really cool and stuff :D
Got parking reduced from $7 to $3 all day
sorry. I was busy doing hw. and stuff so i got off. Lol
Ski ski water gun O My God........ Look At Her butt..... tunechi
#I Want U Back lower gas prices.
Opps I meant Felicia not Felicity
Are you going to ? Please drop me a note!
So bored
Apparently there is a shark sighting in the Ohio river
hopefully I'll see you there hyun
This bar is treacherous, and my friends are trying to marry me off to wealthy men.
I love you <U+2665>28
“: All blue-eyed people are mutants. The first blue-eyed human only appeared about 5,000 years ago.” ima mutant- that explains it
It's such a bitch resetting. With the Xbox 360 controller, I just remove the battery pack.
FaceBook don't have Teams so shut the fuck up ...
It feels wierd seeing someone with the same name as i
Jerry just had me rolling. "Damn bruh.. there's a bug in my drink... Where'd it go? Fuck it, I'm bout to drink his ass." xDDD
anytime ;D
I miss everything about you </3
I just wish I could get some of my outstanding invoices paid!
My mom was reading the book that I have my test on last night. I cant go get it from her because 4am. Guess I'm failing that test.
get him to come to Missouri!!
EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER (339-224-3771) REVERE MASS # 1 IN AUTO BODY REPAIRS .
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 16
thanks for supporting the spot!
giving away 100 free songs in honor of releasing their 3000th song.
Oh, well that's just what the world needs rights now...
RT : If you haven't skied this winter, has bus trips this weekend to Hunter, Stratton, & Windham...
Travel safe, Laura!
Impressive, is a bit overdramatic. They played well against bad competition. Cmon. Lets not act like its the Packers
thanks! We will take even the insane part as a compliment.
Dont listen to em' haterz! Their your motivators in disguise! Why do they hate you?! No reason too.
Twins Matthew & Gunnar Nelson turn 44 today. Their dad is Ricky Nelson.
M, Pub Quiz.
I hope you guys can make our 20th Anniversary Fiesta tonight-5-7pm
thankya much. Hope your doin good. Its been a minute
Just gave a unit of blood $10 coming your way ! Will you give?
what do you have going on this weekend?
don't you ever get tired of giving a shit when the other party is a douche?
i think its cute when your cuddling with someone and your both naked
nope the one couple of years ago in the snowstorm awesome
¿hello how are all?
The 2012 election will be a bitter fight til the end. Gotta be prepared.
I hate physicals...
Check your inbox! If you were an backer, you should have some mp3's waiting for you.
Thansk to everyone that is listening to "Waisted" on We at 100 views in less than a hour!!!
Thanks for the FF
live every week like its shark week
I'm getting my belly button pierced , bring kelsey up here
You're so lucky congrats sweetie!:)
Oh yeah, I know and am planning on being hunted. :)
If you search, you will find...if you are open, it will come...if you love, you will be loved...if you live fully
Your version of "I will always love you" literally brought me to tears. Can you DM me your booking info?
Wow... I had a really amazing birthday showing ... Thank you so much everyone
": You: Describe me in one word. Me: Mine..." OMG aww. That's so cute<3
ah nice. Back in TX?
It's weird seeing just Kelly on the show and not both Regis and Kelly...
all is Well! Im always excited to see you Jason! ALWAYS!
oh, it's niall & the potatuhss!
Why am I still at work???
Brought my friend Natalie to to see Scrooge 2day & she answered the call to salvation! Luke 15;7
Blake Griffin raped him :/
how many ppl have told u u resemble e. badu in ur avi?
lucky u. plz tell jack that he needs to make more wimpy boy band videos. :)
i didnt go,,, i cane home and my mom when off for no reason
Thank you for Sacred Economics. I'm reading it now. It's beautiful and very, very inspiring.
So ready for school to be over!
today i encountered a very very very creepy thing! #fml creepiest ever! aw….
Sports night in Pgh and I just want food ugh.
2pac hologram concert
Ayoade's feature "Submarine": strong recommend.
best actor goes to.. Jean Dujardin's eyebrows!
4:20 FUNNY | What do you call a cow eating grass in a paddock? A lawn mooer.
Which culture? Maybe I really do need to move. ;)
its only 10am, Can't wait to get home and just chill with my friends....
Sorry guys I've been working hard on my hard rock cafe performance ill try be on more
where do you buy all of your wonderful ukeleles? <3
Great afternoon spent with friends Terrace and the #studystrong puppies !
you want to be able to celebrate the championship. Could be part of why he wants to come back
oh coo ill be waiting for dinner when I get off lol
Phamaldehyde&heroin on cigarrette,with monster drink ,I'M ROIDED
You can't ever EVER judge a person by their APPEARANCE.
All girls want assholes right now until they get older and realize how pathetic they really are .
gps says eta 1hr 39min and there's a butt load of traffic
I love the game of Baseball, #MLB has no reason to treat u this way. They should thank u for bringing attention to Steroids!
Sorry for the late response. We're on the west coast right now. Will be back in Chi very shortly! Thanks for following!
come in to city gear and get that fit....4443 canerun road
Just picked up my copy of Dyson's book. Looking forward to it.
You're Welcome! Also Essentious real good with hairfinitys
your welcome!
Ok that's it- I have to write a book. Or a sitcom. My life. Starring me. Resolution.
Mia is havn its days but yea jus out here scopen the next move . . . Yo you got the same cell??
your welcome
you ain't bout that life
I'm a big fan of telecommuting, but that's a decision way above my pay grade
Singular corn not plural corns ummkay
Seems more than a little ironic that far-right religion manages, at the same time, to crush both reason and imagination.
dm me your number !!
Haha omg! : Actually, my teeth are fine. I just go to the dentist's office to hear my songs.”
Writing my first legit song. Ah It needs to be perfect.
Sometimes your actions may send off messages that may be conflicting with how you really feel. So always make your mind & body are in tune.
Quote of the day so far - "Hey... you followed me." -
I got ya ticket Sisc
Went too hard on arms and had to take an extra day off, but excited to get back to full #GTP today! Sunday Funday xo
HERE WE GO!!! Watch OUT Miami South Beach, WE ARE HERE!!! EXXXOTICA DUNGEON EXPERIENCE called SUBMISSION.. BAMMMM.. Ha! See you soon.
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Girls Turns Into Flower <U+2766>
Christmas flow out there? Send in your pics! Merry Christmas followers
Time to go to sleep, fever is kicking in again :(
w00t w00t! Good luck apt. hunting! I recommend the neighborhood of Palms. ;)
#nowplaying angel bc codys a angel :)
My dream day is laying on the beach all day, coming home, getting cleaned up and being taken out to a nice dinner. I'm getting a dream week!
Pulled an all-nighter to finish grading papers. Student: You're returning papers? I was having a good day until now.
: Is there really anything better than the beginning of summer, your friends, country music, and an ice cold bev Nope.
how bout 2012?
omg it's so cute!!
good morning on this coast!
I get to speak at a press conference today! 4pm in the State Capitol rotunda.
Glad to hear you are safe! Take care everyone - and be wary of aftershocks!
We have busy updating! Check us out!
If I can't use my reusable cup at your store because it's a health hazard, why take my money? That stuff is filthy.
I am awake now, and I don't have anything important to do today. I just dont know what to do with myself (fiddle).
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team. Thank for your input.
Gonna go see this week <U+E057> woot woot!
RT : Are YOU getting the #VIP treatment at #volvooceanrace The deal is ON:
game over...Yanks are bats have been silenced by Lee.....losing game 1 is bad for the team that does
Piggy to da trough
yeah I have had the idea to ignore ie for a while, but never thought it could be practical til I read that article
bmore guy to bmore guy what do you think about the ravens taking Phillip Henry c baylor at pick 98?
where's at ? that nigga still owes me a date to bamboo lol
Not happy about this losing streak caps are having on the road.
"i do what i do and you do what you can about it"
no blog post this week, but new design sometime within a week. working on a design distracted me from writing a new post. Sorry everyone!
www.pledge4patriots.com is now connected to Facebook!!
ask away, anything I can do to help
Thanks ! Sounds like a great event!
Yul Kwon: On Survivor, the highest height I saw was the top of a coconut tree. America Revealed is shot almost entirely from the sky.
here goes my mom annoying me smfh i need my own laptop shit is getting annoying
I am really looking forward to that session Aden. Great topic.
Good idea. Thank you!
Tame Impala sounds like the Beatles
give something or offer something in return within a year
Going to the white water center for a trail run with the dogs on this beautiful day!!
I just finished watching an episode. I do love all the gay innuendo. LURV IT!
Wow! #Ebay to acquire #Magento, excited to see what happens.
Stop in for Coa's Breaded Pork Milanesa Torta today! Breaded pork topped with lettuce, tomato, and Coa mayo!
Ok y'all, I'll stop with the baseball tweets now. Off to sleep...perchance to dream about Matt Kemp. Good night!
If it were the end of the day now...what would you be so proud to have accomplished?
on the menu here at least through the summer, possible all year if there is demand.
no sarcasm! it's a really cute memory. :)
I miss you
Ah I hate when USC wireless Internet goes down!!!
Beautiful Day!
Morning all!
.... much respect dude.! thank u
Very cool & good to know ... trying to finish first one and see the movie today, then read your post!
yayayayay. I'll see what we're doing that saturday. We're there the 17th-20th
Dude, Pipo should have his own Twitter account. Funny stuff. Is he the only recurring character on your show?
Great treadmill songs??
screwed up and can't deliver till the 15. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes
Good morning Brian! RT : Good morning to some of my radio east coast tweeps. & miss the morning crew.
um I wanna visit but that a 26 hour drive :(...NODEAL
impulse brownies smh
New Jersey Autistic Boy Records Teachers' Alleged Abuse - ABC News
please watch kony 2012 join invisible children this war must end he must be stoped hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years
Next time I go to the barber I'm getting "The Brock"
If you're not at the bar right now, get with it and tune in to & Sounds like he ate his Wheaties! #LEGGO!!!
Oh....haha, fail on my part.
What's the best thing about being a therapist for you? What makes this profession most worthwhile or meaningful for you?
“: this new jason mraz album >” Definitely.
Bynum not always interested in playing hard
Well, hello LA ... Traffic as far as the eye can see.
no way they'll get a second for him.
Bounce on Saturday = Crazy! & what do you think?
I ate every calorie I encountered today, and a few I had to go out of my way to find. Only two more days left ...
Jesus has risen and we on earth have been granted a new beginning. Happy Easter everyone.:)
Lol. What was he doing?
IU Skype Class: Q: Who are your mentors Frances? A: My grandmother, my father, John W. Gardner, General Lloyd Austin I and Jim Collins!
Today will be a good day, today will be a good day... =)
RT : I think what's fun is that they could include/embed, Vokis, Voicethread, youtube videos, glogs, etc, etc!
I have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love I feel inside of me and give back as good as I give ~Plath
"thank you and good night"
would love to talk to you about being part of a pop-up American-made menswear event this April - .
Going to a meeting and afterward working on my book ttyl ( talk to ya'll later)
SEE YOU TONIGHT GIRL VEGAS!!
Good morning beautiful people
In the final hours of door to door for
thanks for following RareRO! :)
This newspaper needs a viagra.
Likewise, cheers! RT : hey chef Thanks for the follow.
No worries, Dave - thanks for checking.
I just followed
Gen Next values: good parent, successful marriage, help others, own home, religion impt, high-paying career, free time, fame (Pew)
Pretty sure ESPN was reporting this at 1PM yesterday afternoon. Still not confirmed?
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes. We have breaking news! Tune in
Hey Austin Fans! Check out our new Austin Twitter Account. Watch for our great Austin offers being tweeted out to our Austin followers!
ok. bye
Grabbed speakers for 's talk. Risk of dance party rising.
send us a book and we'll see about that!
No ticket on the dash I'm good.
It was nice meeting you at the Fly Wade event. Take care and happy holidays.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night. All booze has to go. 159 Greenpoint Ave. Pass it on.
This kicks ass man!!!
Unfortunately yes. It's not cool but it is normal.
Class --> RT : Kudos to Spanos & the for retiring the double nickel.
why is Samardzija out?
I'm using it in Intet for that very reason. Still lets me set up, but not as "win more" as in Animar
if you have a Blog Lovin' account.. FOLLOW US!
As your attorney i advise you to take a hit out of the small brown bottle in my shaving kit.
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
Thanks 4 mention!
I usually disappear cause I'm addicted to G+ but he's legend her. Last tweet Mar01. Hmm.
With me of course.
Of course, it's difficult to talk about Prop B b/c of all the misinformation floated by its proponents
BTW :) you're an awesome person Sharon :) soo glad U are my twitter friend :)! #justsaying :)
Drunk on a Tuesday! Why
You show him what's up! haha
lmaoo my unnecessary hand motions
I hate debates...already.
Nashville Connection tomorrow and then School choir concert Sunday! Can't wait to sing our choir songs in different languages... Lol
- Broadcast standards and journos with a spine and integrity. Now they're just heads and faces, but for a few.
Checkin out at ! Playin w/ my boys And - come on people!!!
Dumb blasted
Just listened to four of the podcasts, as well as the TAL segment. I think Interruptible is my favorite so far.
Happy birthday to my best friend since pre-school !!!!!!!!!
Old enough...remember the great Sam Cooke...Joshua style and voice!
Check out these fellow promo girls
It's gonna be fun!
Shine On, Smile On!
If all else fails, sleep with your sources. Worked for one of my former journalism professors.
Is your child running in to trouble? Would like to track is every move? Then check us out at www.meitrack.net.
You need to show up more often Brian :) Tonight was fun to take in.
let's do it.
I am loving LBJs face right now.
Not just any forest, but a forest where they get paneling
is on the map! Get in on the ground floor of a unique #summercamp staffing partner. Coming soon to a #camp near you!
VLJ's Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am! Call VLJ to confirm your attendance!
Whining, not hardly, encouraging enfranchisement of all voters to be included, absolutely. There is a difference between the two.
Happy New Year everyone....
The only guys I respected on Red Suxs R gone. Francona, Drew (Nole!), Wakefield & Varitek. Now I can hate them with ALL my heart! Go Yanks!
#BoiseSOC Bieter: Cities must stress livability because livability equals economic development,and economic development gives us prosperity.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 323
Good morning<U+266A> It is very fine today!!!!!!!!!
I can see you:)
Today is my first day rehearsing with Harmonious Funk.
It's good to recognize code and understand how it works and what it does. But I think outsourcing is a good way to go.
Gm Tweoples!! Beyond being a creative genius, Steve Jobs revolutionized & evolved life as we know it
“: you a big Hoe if you got that jungle fever” you can be so ignorant sometimes.
true! I guess ill just get up for some cookies! Haha
Thanks to everyone who attended our first meeting!! Special thanks to Dr. Jared Harris for speaking to the group tonight!!
evidently you aren't a fan of me being bigger and stronger than Gronk?
Now tweeting for work from Follow! :)
don't be surprised, you knew Ben was going to take Courtney for a test drive on the overnight date before getting rid of her
Steph Curry and the Warriors will play the Nuggets tonight in the first of three meetings this season between the two teams
Thanks to and for the great responsive web presentation.
We fail to see the problem...plus, it's not even noon...so technically it's still morning.
Love 's #beHeard campaign! Good job!
U ALREADY KNW NIGGA. IF SHE AINT CASHIN OUT.. TELL DAT BITCH GOOD BYE IN SPANISH. THEN FUCK HER FRIENDS..
I need to shower about 3 more times to actually get the paint off
matter of fact you just dropped the new ass controller I just bought talking bout oops my bad so stfu
What a good idea! What do you think, ? RT Sarah should be an chapter leader!
My face is so dirty ...
Being whorish,using everyone u meet!Will come bk nite rip yur ass apart.
Critics and Comics have one thing in common HUMOR!
Can you order me a shirt...!?
keep doing the thing cat.
your his queen but he has a wife.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
We have to quickly reindex all our deals. The API will have limited results for about an hour. Sit tight!
what about Sacramento? The date isn't even showing on the events page :/
you're still talking to him so it obviously hasn't happened yet...
Time to hit the gym!
Trailers packed up !! Ready to hit the road!
Alera Radius Corner Bookcase, Wood Veneer, 7-Shelf, 36w x 12d x ...
I really don't care for too many people but I did care about her. I know she is in a better place. R.I.P. Ms Audrey Gail Johnson.
I'm just hoping I didn't inadvertently put naughty things in the shapes. I rushed out the door and didn't have time to check that.
New Bourbon Heritage Menu starting soon. There is "Makers Mark" everywhere!! Yum
A hunnid mathafuckas can't tell me nothing
Most of Street Fighter training consists of punching Dan in the nuts.
DAMN...Ashley S, even I knew Bentley(??) wasn't right... another Emily incident
Reminder: Members of South Jordan Professional Firefighters there is a meeting tonight or tomorrow night at 6:30pm.
"Wanna tell you about the girl I love, my she looks so fine..."
"No one making more than $1 million should have to pay a smaller share of their income taxes" -VP Biden at Gen44 reception
thank you for the follow.
you knew your dude was playing u and you still went with him
AskKyle; it's definitely talking about me.
I do. I'm going to start using that. Haha
I want a personalized tag for my car. ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?
Naps. No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
Sheboygan has a lab for food? I went to the wrong school RT: howards grove high - student passed out in food lab
Women with mustaches know they have mustaches, right? They're not just oblivious to that fact?
rockin out to "Baby" in store..."now i'm all gone.." :)
Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy. Not sure how to respond.
Lady I sho would be re-tweet if I could. But you are so ministering to me right now!
That's a great question - working on a blog post. Thanks for the inspiration!
great caddyshack reference. happy valentines
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
someone take me there NOW!
Compendium's Chris Baggott "Blogging is a spectacular acquisition tool."
When we lose someone that has affected so many in our industry, we need to pause to celebrate the life of #DickClark. RIP now, old friend.
so does it sound like Gill-is?
Shout Out To The Newest Follower ! U Playin Puck On The 3rd? Tryin To Play On My Team This Time? Lol
Getting spooked at the Monsters, Myths, and Legends session
Leaving Iowa...Step 1 on our journey to Haiti
Bullying Prevention Tip #3 - Have students get CREATIVE, #schools skits, design hall posters, Stop Bullying T-shirts.
thinking about RFID
love me <3
Screen shot it and repost then!!!
Focus Group this Wednesday. Looking for Males and Females 18-30 who own a cellphone. Group lasts 1 1/2 hours and pays $85.
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's composer - talented, awesome and super-nice!
In a pretty good mood to have just worked for 7 hours. Lol.
Love is pure, love is kind, love is unconditional, love is patient, love is everlasting, love is forgiveness, love is eternal. - S.
left bout 2:45 went to my guy Tonitos bar then went home bout 4:00.
why didn't you let me know before we wrapped? 2 tributes to you in the film though.
I think I am meant to travel. Just saying.
yeah I'm using a 4G aircard. No wifi for me either.
That's book 6, and it's still no good? I'm only up to 4 but keep hearing they get better. I guess not.
No good, no good
FOUR days until I have official occupancy status in my new digs, and 16 days until the full move. I can't wait.
Reading The Moonstone by Wilkie Colins - like it as a mystery, but love the humor! Miss Clack & her precious tracts...
Are there any bonefires happening graduation weekend?
UK signees Scout rankings added together come up to 70 (1,7,14,48), just one spot behind UofL's signee Terry Rozier who comes in at
When the Lakers lose everybody comes together & starts dickriding eachother!
Who is trying to hoop today?
I know you're not supposed to fan girl over superheroes but seriously. If Thor had short dark hair...him and Iron Man <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The number one way the Colorado State Government is going green is by reducing ENERGY by 20%! What are you doing to reduce energy?
It's going to be really sad when the owner goes off to his/her secluded music room in the woods and the piano's gone
Who went to the UTSA Spring Game!?!?
I see your drugs/alcohol and raise a great scene study class/the reminder that you can do something right now and then.
The people in this class are so uneducated. They think waisting class talking about drugs is going to get them somewhere in life ha idiots
Just discovered and AMAZING Pinterest app for Facebook. You can make your Pinterest page one of your custom tabs easily!
I figured out that I've been playing some of rhthyms wrong and some of the notes wrong and I just about cried...
2012 is turning out to be OVER THE TOP for ME!
YOU GUYS ARE BEING PUSSIES! BE REALLY MEAN TO US!
giving blood today :)
im scared my partner is gonna kill me !
“Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort. ~Vince Lombardi
We have moved from murder ballads tp rockabilly and back again
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to ~
Good first day at work.yay! Gotta get ready for day two tomorrow.
Music makes every mood better!
r.kelly...the dream...the weeknd.
finally off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I would love to meet you goofy goober!!!
Selling homes.
hey! How u be lately?! It's been a minute!!
OOC: Just came back from the dance showcase!
Do not talk about me like that when you're obese in every crease. I'm dying
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)17
I don't know if Lexington, KY has a Rocky Rococo's but if so, I'm sure & his Carroll Pioneers are eating there tonight!
Exploring the French Quarter. There is honesty no place else like it.
RT EcommerceJobs: MULTICHANNEL ATTRIBUTION: "To guarantee success, spend 95% of your time defining the problem and 5% solving it." ...
51st CD DNC Delegate Elections: 2pm, Machinist Union Hall, 590 Park Way, Chula Vista, 91910
Merry Christmas! we are getting ready for a big meal for the homeless and anyone in need- it will be great!
oh yeah "baby, baby, baby, oh. Like baby, baby, baby no!". (really I'm going to a Bieber fan club meeting!)
I would trade 1000 groupies for 1 true love, ANYDAY!!
While we makin xrated movies gone head and do u are a superstar can i be one of ur groupie
Yeah an im in ner like mothafuckin swim wear
wish it was socially acceptable to wear a poncho around town
i believe i just did
I wanna go to the Galleria tho!!
I would too! Hahaha :))
I get the link between 'Planes, Trains & Automobiles' and 'Due Date' but they just don't compare. The former is funnier w/ a lot more heart.
Getting my nails done with ^.^
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
U live in Sweden
Society is founded upon cloth - Thomas Carlyle
ur days of being a fair skinned fairy are over
then be one!
slept weird i guess...
stefani, were you in powell or the research library? we def want to know about any wifi problems. thanks.
Precious nugget from Dr Courtney Hunt at #tcbsm4hr: If your org has more than 1 employee, your org needs a social media policy.
iwanna go go-cartin...& on some roller coasters.
30 Minutes till we pick the WINNER of our 2nd Trivia question of the day - winner will receive a FREE band - tweet your answer
No. No it's not.
Shut up little boy tahaha
I understand now. You're too broke to give back what you owe. You're weak as fuck punk.
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions? We would like to show you how.
Artist gets help from community to create mosaic at Peck Park in San Pedro - Contra Costa Times
you have to look up!! :) We hope you enjoyed your stay otherwise!
That and the fact that the Variety Playhouse burned down during the opening act!
Listening to Up All Night at the ocean. <3
is milk suppose to bubble somebody please answer me before I drink this!!???
I10 is closed!
king of heave and hell lol
I love your twitter pic
I'm shocked and appalled that flying a high school football team from Fla. to Wash. may not be the most financially sound idea.
Lol at you....what makes you think that cussing at me is going to make me want to let you out of the parking lot.
We opened the smallest real estate office in the country today,The Real Estate Office at the Betty Brinn Children's Museum in Milwaukee
Also great bumping into V. Shane from who I haven't seen in several months. Walked away w/slim pickings; not discouraged.
sorta see right now is The Five Year Engagement. Well, Sleepless Night opens this Friday. Definitely want to see that.
RT : Can't wait to experience your performance!!! And thanks for your support
Go ahead and run on Ichiro. What knuckleheads.
Currently watching: this strange yet completely awesome Bruce Lee interview. Really flipping cool.
so I got a new icon(: you like it?
guess what.
For a mind trip, watch 'Minority Report' again (aptly named) in the context of Zimmerman. Ethics issues raised by future 'pre-crime' system.
why the blue truck?
Photo Gallery Flashback of the Day - 1985 Farm Aid in Champaign, IL - www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html . A great festival!
You can improve your health and live the life you deserve! I have been where you are. I know it’s possible! And I am here to help!...
i miss you by blink 182.
I need a pencil
RT“: MASTERPIECES tonight at 8pm!!” Terrific Play! If you want to see something you can debate afterwards, see this :-)
omg. I wanna go to your concert but its in manhattan and im scared my parents wont let me goo >_<! Ughh
the show last night was wonderful! ty so much! <3
follow me! Xx
Appreciated the RT yesterday! Have a great weekend!
you bet she is! What's new with you?
Once Again Happy Birthday To My Younger Brother GMO.I love u Bro, Ur All Grown Up Now.!!U Made It,W/ No Kids No Early Marriage.
via : Drumm_McNaughton_PhD_CMC: George Carlin said, "Somewhere in the world there is the via
Guess she's not all that punctual.
Never Gonna Leave this Bed got me through a really weird time! Amazing music! - That makes you feel something! Thank You!
time warp?
Editing Kiss The Bride. Regan Gomez, Darren Henson, Persia White were all excellent! In pre production on STANDOFF now! We Never Stop!
You already know, but I'll say it anyway: you're at an awesome bar. Also, "Princes of the Universe" would be a rad bar name.
she's not on the program, but I'll look for her. Asecs 14 in Williamsburg, so I'm sure she'll be there.
Bin Laden???Funny how they tryna blame 9/11 on Bin Laden.."Closure"?? yeah ok.research ppl dnt believe everyting you hear..#DontLeadMeOn!!!
#lolwutgtfonoob is the best thing to say to people.
#DuringTheSummer I wanna hang out with all of my friends!
Currently reading the Game of Thrones book series. Show is so good, I had to pick it up.
but until she tell me she's ready....Im
Good luck tonight Muells!! Hopefully this is the new start for you and the Av's!!
Lets go Bubba
Heading to NYC tomorrow for the PR News Digital PR Awards. Crossing fingers!!!
My humans left early this morning. Think it might be baby time.
Most impressive thing about this Dodger team is will to fight back. They wear other teams down and never show signs of giving up.
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and lucious fragrances
Listening to present on mobile strategy at #MCN2011!
Yikes! Palin's voice still like fingernails on a chalkboard.
No. Plan on tuning in to Denver and Wisconsin.
thanks for the RT! :)
going to class
is that, that tall skinny ass nigga
Who knew: Intrigue & mystery in the world of weights & measures: goo.gl/C6lhb How about a literary thriller called LE GRAND K?
(Zig Ziglar) Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing.
Please get Paul Martin off the power play - I beg you
Dirty hit after dirty hit by philly and now the crowd is chanting "asshole" Stay Classy Philly! 2-1 Devils lead! with 3-1 series lead!
Going to sleep thinking about the best person in the world I love you <U+E022>
Landed just in time two minutes before airport noise "curfew." Now need a taqueria.
Attending a Luncheon feat. Houston Mayor Annise Parker-Host Asian Chamber of Commerce today 11:30AM #in /www.asianchamber-hou.org/
Congrats to Mr. Plummer, his performance in Beginners was absolutely heartbreaking. But of course Albert Brooks was clearly snubbed.
Back to Back Home runs!!! K-State 3 KU 0 in the 1st inning.
Just landed in Colorado Springs for our weekend series with CC. Last time we were here they ended our season.Time to take two!
I sapposed to be getting one! Soon. I know you aint got none!
Its not that I hate you... I just think youre a self absorbed, cold, fake bitch. Thats all :)
Yes. maybe even next Thursday, before the long weekend? Crush?
I'm so tired
Getting ready to hit the road... Only 800 miles to go... Mississippi Bound!! Two Rivers Bluegrass Festival Thu, Fri, and Sat!!
How would you approach shoe selection for a beach wedding?
Nice. RT : Wow! Who thought Reds would win in Atl AND Cards would lose at home to Flubs?! #Reds are 1 1/2 games out of first!
AT&T warns I use too much data on my *unlimited* data iPhone plan. Listening to too much on my commute. How should I occupy myself now?
Whataburger field in Corpus is awesome. Intimate park with wind turbines, tankers, bridge in the distance.
You are a verry good mother for Austin! We love him <U+2665>. Please follow me? :$ I'm a Mahomie for live!
a #WierdFactAboutMe is that all of your weird facts describe me!
I cant say for sure.
I'm to tell Palestinian Authority: peace can only come @ bargaining table & it must recognize Israel's right 2 exist as a Jewish state
what did I tell you about telling me things?!
that's exactly what you do. Especially the ones who you claim you love the most
New Follower heyy girl hey
and madonna
hope so cuz i would go off
not really..
Listening to Pedro the Lion with my two favorite cats, who I kinda wish were named pedro.
wtf how do not get kicked off ur so horrible if i had one of those id watch for wht u say its funny lol :-)
Verbs-such a great way to think about the importance of what happens in libraries.
Now #Pinterest is everywhere. How do you get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
Nice so where ya from
"...one last chance is better than none."
yepp. it's on his Facebook
We got to play with our former President tonight! Well not the real one, but it was still very presidential. Awesome 9/11 remembrance event.
Lakers played 5 against 8 in the 4th quarter but still got the quality win
At a Party...... Wish was here xP Lol Hahaa It's funny here the quys house that I'm in, his name Homer xD
why couldn't they have done that in the fa final?!
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and driving away from the accident
guess that turned out well thought i was gon get treated
Plane sits all night, and it's only after pax are boarded that flight crew notices 2 tires are showing cord? Seriously ?
I love Seinfeld
“: thank you :)” your very welcome!
$3 silos for everyone during the show and all night long. Let’s get down Milwaukee!
That's a lot of G-D POUNDS! RT : Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90 - 90! - pounds this off-season. Props.
what are you doing after school
gotta take today off my feet need a mo fuggin brake #athleticboyprobz heheh
how u been? DMed u
Honey. do i need to say anything about Prince Harry? Love him.
Great! Thanks for letting me know :-)
Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saision.
wish you all could be here!
The only way Easter can get better is with a nice dose of #GameofThrones!
Jeez the weather man sounds so bored. "there could be a little or a lot of rain, it depends"
you know I got this. :-)
Would it be rude to #Delete all my #ExGirlfriends off of my #Facebooks ?
"Each child has a voice that wants to be herd" Sen. Newell
i don't care that we lost....you guys played amazing and you made the mavs sweat with your shots! #GoSpursGo!
so wats up party at the twins house any one lol =)
This version of How He Loves by Anthony Evans is taking me there! It's almost overwhelming.
Thanks to everyone for checking out MMJ daily deals. We've been the biggest seller by more than double! Feels good to feel loved!
BAD GIRL ASS CLUB
Baby good love and protection, make me your selection.(8)
So predictable.
Atianda saw your sign, said "we're voting for that man. He goes home to eat/sleep than comes out so people can vote 4 him."
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU! WORKING TOGETHER WE CAN INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
When was the last time and awards show came and went and we weren't left saying "it was a shitty year for movies"
Don't ask about my pan pizza....it's personal.
Hey, Hey, were the Monkeys. Damn.. just saw Davie Jones Died! My mom loved him.
lol love how the first thing in your description is 'redhead'... i
Exactly what I just said. To get their attention; it's ridiculous how hard it is.
thank you for the incredible work! Your style, creativity, and passion will take u places. Happy to build the biz
I loved to see them evolve into different paragon paths back in the day. Like the character was leveling up with us over time
Was curious—what was it like to be transformed from a "duck" to a diva for the show by your competitors?
yesterday was the last day... But the good new is YOU are free, you #smchi pro, you : )
Mormonic: The new Mitt Romney musical. "It's more than underwear, but not much...There's that smell... Is this real?" the critics rave.
knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, knock, Sheldon...knock, knock, knock, Benny...knock, knock, Sheldon...Benny
It's gonna be in the BankAtlantic Center Oh and it's on July 1 2012 lol idk y I believed those girls in class -.-
cleaning the house :(
Can't sleep I shoulda went out :/
Cooler than a breeze.
I hate waitin for the bus after 5th
Is google search down for anyone else?
Having worked all day on a fundraising grant, I'm calling it a night. Tomorrow is a better day. Best Wishes to All!
well put beanie. telling someone you love them after their gone leads to regrets
Alot of things I wont take, and.thts being someones second.... CHEERS
aww thats awesome! Im seeing live in july at ! They r my secoond favorite band!
last time i checked , yu was nobody in my life !
Performing at Broadway Comedy Club in about 45 min. Come out!
Always remember who you are and where you come from. The world will try to change you- don't let em!!!
off to no doubt, no doubt about it.
Whats A Fuck Boy Too A Trap Nigga , You Moving Ounces Im Moving By The Pounds Nigga !!
I fucked up bro lol I blame you bro
Happy Birthday hun!! Hope your days' amazing!!<3
let us know if you have any questions about using the app, happy roommate searching!
why the emphasis on "RELAXING"? Is that code for something else? :P
had beers with buddies; now, Jason Isbell show.
Kind of thinking about buying a ticket to the Indy 500
we're thankful that people support our mission of preserving one of ft.lauderdale's historical icons! Thank you!!!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cookie Mix in a Jar I 4.67 / 5 Stars | 84 Reviews by Lisa "Oatmeal Raisin Spice cookie mix in a jar with tag a
Persistence propels potential to perfection. - Soichiro Honda, Founder, Honda Motor Company
SMILE BIG...we open at 4 today :-)
United way will provide Tax Assistance at the LaSalle Branch every Thursday in March at noon. To schedule an appointment dial 2-1-1.
I know way more than you'll every think
We won't know until 2012. :) RT : using any Lotus components? That'd be very cool for couple of British companies.
your welcome.(; and my name is Kaylie:)(: lmao.
thank you! We're glad you enjoyed the show! Come back and see us again soon!
I think I just threw up a little up.....
#5Votes means #JOBS!
We gone tear some sh*t up...#cutdafool. It's gonna to be like the TSP pre-party.
USPTO Dir Kappos: Patents for Humanity program, providing acceleration vouchers for inventors putting IP to humanitarian use.
msu does have a great name in ncaa bball. But they wont make the tourney with less than 17 wins...remind me of there record...
just don't look down! it's scary down there...
Guess I'm gonna try tweetin now. Who's with me?
#Actors - unsure of how to prepare for an audition? Download Actsophia and use Sides Prep for a step-by-step guide on preparing to book!
tell the truth to em. #healthrecords ask him. You want the truth about him get at me. Don't believe his lies
Listening to Astor Piazzolla while Jan reads Julian Barnes. Nice Saturday afternoon.
WNDR3700 worked out of the box. almost boring... I'm tempted to replace the firmware just because...
Rachel apparently doesn't have what you described as hot.
#NiallisBeautiful ... The End ^-^
I'll pass along my congrats, too. Look forward to thinking about it alongside Black Hearts.
Thanks for sending it, tho! Can't imagine he'll be invited back. Is it ever a good idea to start a lecture w/ a Klan joke?!
I think you wanted me to remind you to bring home a bottle of red wine.
maxwell isn't even yours
What a beautiful day in good ol' Saint Paul. What are you doing to enjoy this wonderful weather?
are the most amazing musicians weknow and together they createthe most beautiful music
Your all I think about <3
Thought that said "Restore Santorum" <-- confused and horrified.
Thanks to everyone who came out for Bereolaesque!
thanks chris! :) have a great weekend!
RT : Winning organizations must have a culture of communication. It must be in the DNA of who you are.
hahaha I wish ;)
Pre-sale tix for our show w/ DALE EARNHARDT JR. JR. are $10. Get from us + get a free CD single/button at the show!
I've made a list to organize my lists! No, where to put it so I won't miss it?
Just because they make bright blue eyeshadow does not mean you should wear it.
talkin bout huge ass motherfucking cock<3 I'd take that.
eh it ain't no Cutler arms but at least it looks like I workout! LOL
whats good 7 when is Nobody But Us with and coming out?
I'm going to be blogging - stay tuned for my post early next week! cc
Even after a bad harvest there must be sowing. ~ Seneca
...The Savage Detectives. :)
thanks, Sam! Enjoy your weekend!
David Wilkerson went home to be with the Lord today in car crash in TX. His ministry was huge inspiration to me.Great man.Great reward!
Can't wait to pet the virtual penguins at the BBC's DVD release of #FrozenPlanet at the short hills mall tomorrow!
alright,cool! So I'll see you there then :]
The govt is so mystified, mystified by all of these autoimmune disorders in kids the last 15 years! What on earth could it be?
LOL! RT : I just saw my goldfish doing a P90X workout. I think I'm feeding them too much as well.
I have some more photos of that I need to get on flickr. I have no idea what they were thinking.
"we have to become an idea capital" #dwntwnmiami "
"Dude, I was there. Stop trying to change the story."
yes beer and bacon! M
Have a great day!
Yo, u hear about Rose???
great movie. my stomach is still gurgling. most of that stuff i have seen/read, but still so eye-opening!
@ the movies - Inception - composer Hans Zimmer on the show tomorrow
Busy busy week, pride and unity awards tomorrow, and the then honors banquet on Thursday..i still need to buy the shoes for Thursday
“ My face break& out bad smh Baseball doin this”
so true, preach
- you have great friends! 15 miles? 2 weeks before LA? It's called tapering girl!! ;-) do 6-7, and then ice the knee.
Looking forward to my 3 day weekend! Hubby and daughter are both home tomorrow!
that ain't no good homie
Oh my gosh, Philly, you are getting me so excited for Reach! (now I'm happy I actually pre-ordered it)
E.g., not a brand new Gen Ed, a '10-yr tune up' emphasizing continuity.
mee 2! Ah mine can't curl that way waaaah! And her brother haha oh yeah ;)
JK: sense of Belonging = recognition (know who I am), insight (beyond what is obvious), proactivity (solve before asked), inclusion
Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to.
Scouting High school & college.
omg u look so much like my BFF that's crazy mayb y'all twins or sumthing lol but seriously
Another coldn yucky day. This calls for an even bigger discount....mention this tweet from now until noon and get 50% off ANY medium drink!
is ticked that the homeowner cannot B contacted atm. HEY, 216!!! UR H2O IS RUNNING. & DRIPPING THROUGH MY CEILING!
Under- Pleasure P is my sht !
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. – Will Rogers
Well... Imma chill on the balcony!
Scratch that. We're going with the inside of a banana tree.
not a prob
Very happy birthday wishes go out to the talented & kind Mr. today!
so weird that it's sunny
So glad I don't do lent, I love the food I eat, swearing, and every urge I have that others push themselves to suppress
This is the best Dr. Phil episode ever
just starting! Was a paralegal since I graduated but always wanted to act didn't want to wake up one day with regret :)
Let's get these teen hearts beating faster, faster.
#Jazzlovers #Follow and #RT us for #free #tkts to the
“: The Buried Life just crossed off: write a new book. Bring them on to cross off #79: Dance with Ellen.
i know how u feel, i'm at law school from 7am to 1pm and i have to work from 2pm to 10pm everyday :(
you say imaa princess but maa needs are more like a queens <U+2655>
Rough night for my Pats but I'm still a New England fan for life. It's almost spring training! Let's go Sox!
I am a contender.
RT : Yay for moms, , babies and all!
Happy birthday to anyone born today. Eat it up, suckers. See you in four years.
RT Kill it : Lets go C's! Making $$$ at The Greatest Bar with and !
Excatly one year ago, I. skyped with bieber,
It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!!
We are happy to see that! You rock!!!
That's disgusting. RT: “: There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog. ”
WE HAVE LEVI SHOES!!!!
Stetson U developed 2nd or 3rd college iPhone app, now have an augmented reality app - project based learning
I'm playing two acoustic shows in WI. Probably too far away for you to check out. I'll get to Cali one of these days.
Good Morning Beautiful/ Handsome <3 Have a great day!(:
someone called me lookin to cop that iphone big homie
check Observant Eye at the Metropolitan Museum- it goes well with your mission!
Thanks girl! I had a great birthday of swimming, rock climbing and taco tuesday =)
Haha don't be, I'm a workoholic lame-o.
Desperate times calls for Desperate measures... #39 <U+E132><U+E113>
is taking her cat to get her sutures out this morning
Fuck emotions they cause nothing but stress and pain
Listening to the kids play outside, and watching Scott assemble the gardening boxes I asked for.
Klinsmann: It's up to me to build on US foundation
um I'm going to miss you and the rest of your class..you're the last decent class..
Thanks for the mention...looking forward to reading your posts. Missing Siena...:)
i just can't stop listening to it!
happy mothers day to my mom up in heaven . i know she mad at me cause i aint finish school but im going to college to change all that love u
Glory Road ...
What about the brothers with an 8 pack or a keg lol.
Kinedo is now AfterShock Web Design. Tell your tweeps to follow us at our new twitter:
Put some damn clothes on skank.
Lmao! Light weights! <U+2764> uu! RT : Happy bday to tw coldest chick in the game! The next light weight to me! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Yes! Braves do it again!
Just saw decked out in green accessories trying to cross Connecticut ave.
I laughed at that, too! RT : Hahahahhaa they think Twilight is dark.
Smart article on #voguearchive All of your thoughts were dead on.
Karen Leland: How to Promote Your Small Business Blog
Go Canucks Go!!!! I love being a citizen of the best city in the world! :)
Oh lird... Sure now it wants to autocorrect to lord. Whatever.
Music Matters
Who did you have in the final four?
It's great to see the instant awareness that this #KONY2012 trend is creating. Let's hope it lasts long enough to see it through
you are an amazing momma to our two boys. Happy mothers day. I hope you enjoy your day. Love you
I totally understand why owners leave trust funds to their dog(s). My states my puppies. Yea, I know Im crazy dog lady. Lol
"ya know I don't feel really good where's that theraflu shit?" -mom hahha great lady
Rain picked up and got louder just as Midnight City by M83 came on Grooveshark. Small moments.
Sweet Jesus kanye! Twitter may implode
Congrats to you and you family. She is beautiful.
Wow. Carver Museum. Had my PBS induction ceremony there. Glad to see its still standing.
I can’t think of anything I would hate more. It seems like it would be useful, but the unintended consequences will be Hell.
yeah sorry rachael it's true
RT : That was #smtulsa 's Realtor to the stars :) >> Can I help u w/something? Lori
9 hours sounds like 8 hours too long
Thats respectable! I credit #BirthControl for my tweeting and
yeah I know hoe!!
Goodyear takes FOREVER just to change oil! I'm bout to start changing my own.
and ignore the DBs that got torched by rest of NFCN last year?
THE" DogHouse on the hill? If getting your pic there is wrong..then you're in EXCELLENT company. (demented, but excellent) =)
Utilizing our network of trusted vendors, we will save you time & money with almost any type of personal assistance & concierge service.
yeah i do be ignoring, i go into my zone
Explains a lotRT CNN mind in a BET world.
Never put much thought behind the local/state gov officials when voting. After seeing this #vikings debacle, I pledge to change my ways
Thanks for passing along my piece.
Shhhh, don't tell anyone but G+ is beginning to grow on me a bit.
Where are my #actors, #directors, #producers, and #agents who are looking to network and connect?
I am not sure. You tell me. What do I need to know?
This administration in Washington is just like the last.....they don't listen like Congress
#iLoveWhenYou tell me i'm beautiful<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
i'm up already, too!
Please welcome adamandstevesto to the Max life
almost lover pandora is the shit
Yaaay! Right when you make one tell me your screenname so I can add you...I think Habiba has one too =>
#ItsAwkwardWhen you go 2 the right n the other person goes 2 the right 2 then u go 2 the left 2 get out the way but they go 2 the left 2
Yeah.. Today was horrible..
Just curious, does this comparison ring true for you - old man cafe: hipster cafe:: old man bar: hipster bar?
AND STILL AND YET STILL MY STOMACH IS NOT SATISFIED AND REQUIRES ANOTHER SNACK... AND GRANT IT'S WISHES I SHALL... ;-)
OMG<3 i talked to Him today;<U+2665>!
Two Cow Garage two blocks away at Ace of Cups and I'm still working. This is not what I need to be doing right now.
ur joking right? Raise spending through education, we have people lets train them not import more!
Welcome on the follow & thanks for the RT on the opening of cafe in downtown Tampa. Swing in for lunch sometine
yes, yes they are :)
Dr. Lupo was in #Redbook, the January 2012 issue on the topic "Don't let winter make your #skin look old". Get your copy and read up, now!
The Gulf: Day late Dollar short, gov and BP
I'm going to compile every wise and/or witty thought, tweet, and idea and make a book out of it.
I love Saturdays. No work tomorrow and I get to spend a lot of time with I look forward all week for today/tonight. Don't end
sorry, I should have said, "call bc he LOVES #ufc like woah crazy". Better, ?
celtics getting heated. WOO! GO CELTICS!
oh he'll yeah
Greek history to me will never get boring!!:D
While Mitt Romney is opposed to gay marriage in America, anything goes in the Cayman Islands.
Watched my favorite show #smash are amaxing! Want to be on this show so bad!
at home vs Cincy
Breakfast with the family this morning. Feeding three growing boys is always an adventure.
will you follow me?!(:
yep, got hired by Universal Orlando!! Working Rip Saw Falls, one of the water rides.
Wisconsin Republican Senators issue orders to arrest 14 missing Democrat Senators...stay tuned.
As usual the struggle to start the year. Is 6-7 acceptable for their roster??
Who designed ikea?
Thanks , , , for contacting me, it is an exciting time we live in that it is so easy to connect.
Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #14 on the charts of Reverbnation in all genres!
Thanks Steve! I'm going outside in the sun to enjoy my unemployment now...
Good morning. I'm starting my day at the gym getting a workout in.
can you follow me ? :D
Congrats to SAA-SC members Jennifer Kirmer & Alex Champion! Their poster submissions were accepted at the Midwest Archives Conference!
Ho! I'm glad too you piped up, so it's not just me. It's strange. (I'm waiting for my beloved Umbria, of course: Tues.-Wed.)
Spotted: guy without a shirt screaming at passing cars... it's my black car isn't it? Hatin' is bad.
Oh Hey! Did anyone notice we got a new website!?!?! We like it! what do you guys think??
I would do the same thing if the internet was down for 20 minutes.
i had a foot long subway at 10 in the morning yesterday haha, was good
Omg! High Noon is brilliant!
SECOND TO NONE ...THE END
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the up button!!!!
My husband has built 2 different windmills, but has not yet hooked them up to make any power..that's next step to work on. Maybe for a radio
Thanks for joining today's webinar!
those 3D sonograms are creepy as fuck. don't care what you preggo chicks think. they scare me.
Get on renovation/building committees.
sound good!
Have you heard the new Obie Trice album?
and yet you are NOT at the VIP preview for Carlos's show tomorrow... Saddest face!
All forgiven if you bring me back beads, but don't describe how you got them! Have fun for me too, you two.
"should the government be doing food safety inspections..." What the fuck country/century is this?!
would have stunned Laurenitis' goofy ass!
he makes it too easy!
AH, why are you so Beautiful? &&Blue is defiantly your color! (:
can you chill with the sale emails? I get it, it ends today. No need for 6 emails. Poor guy who had to send them today
yup! What are you doing today?
Im down for that DJ gig, Im ready if u need me fam! RT I need a new Dj!!
I'll be back in Fay.. Gotta save that money for John Prine anyways.. I don't get free tickets to festivals : /
And in that moment, the Nsync pandora channel made everything feel right.
I wanna' wake up where you are.
#thatGLORIOUSmoment when a professor dismisses class 45 minutes early bc he can't figure out his ppt when all he had to do was press enable
You know it!
“: I forgot #FF yesterday! Here are my picks this week to #F_O_L_L_O_W! ” Thanks
Im used to soarin..thats all I do!!!#2FLY!!!
If I pull you closer when a group of girls are coming ..
sorry... dot sauce is what i meant!
tied behind my back on this one
Shacking up with F. Scott Fitzgerald for the rest of spring break. Almost as sexy as it sounds.
Let's go #Lakers. let's make it 6 in a row!
RT : A BIG congratulations to #WISELA Executive Board Member Allison Howard on her new position with !!
Ebay is the first place I check for electronics. I usually find a good deal with a little bit of patience.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for three exciting opportunities in the Minneapolis area. This is for a local government client and…
Way to go! I'll be doing more #writingsprints tomorrow. I now have an awake 3yr old keeping me from being productive.
Congrats to UW's Nick Toon! The Middleton native should make another nice weapon for Drew Brees in New Orleans.
Trashy ass blizzard i got from dairy queen... Ugh
I will be in Austin the first week of january! Let's catch up.
the hunger games looks good as hell!!!
During the ballgame on the radio, I heard an ad for a plan to turn debt into wealth but missed the #. Does anyone have it?
loveloveLOVE San Diego!
Tony, give me a call at 5129837614. I would like to discuss an opportunity with you. Thanks!
that's a very cool idea. I've only read the first hg book... Does Collins explain the other districts in next 2 books?
rocks! It's not too late to join them today!
#23 glorious sunset on the Gulf - Pass Christian, MS
Mexican beer night at Hooligan's, $3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers! 2017 E North Ave
RT - With the 6th pick of the draft, I picked Maurice Jones-Drew, RB, Jacksonville
Eh, my "visited the mothership" T-shirt is still pretty funny ;)
RT : who is doing the beat(s) for the mic pass <-ACE 1
aww! When do yall find out what it is??
Oxy Mo: Civil Libertarian
they help you sleep
Now she's crying because she doesn't want to leave lol
It looks great but Im a little puzzled. I just looked at the site to order and realized doesn't deliver in DC...
Bieber sucks
yeah fuck her
I'm good my friend!! Can't edit to hear the new tune :) Things good with you?
Exhaustion makes cowards of us all. Manage your energy.
We are very excited to welcome you here to Georgetown!! :)
stay beautiful.
Mexican food yuuummmm
": Life is too short to be depressed over mistakes you've made in life."
Share our 'Fun Pics' with others! ^ ___ ^
Listening to 's cover of !! Amazing!
hate you.
thought it was pretty good!
Your son came in smelling good. U told him nice
Guess who has Peyton Manning AND Arian Foster in their main fantasy team?!?!?!?! SMFH......
Note to self: never respond to a student e-mail at 11:30 PM on Saturday. It confirms that I really don't have a life.
I can only take so much social interaction a day
If LeBron doesn't win this year he may never do it. Easiest road to a championship ever.
Actually found a limo for prom :)
Woot! RT Yum iced coffee & savory muffin @ awesomely close cully mrkt. Thx Joe - can't wait to try more from
glad I'm not her neighbor.. I've seen it.. Its so horribly tacky..
Well Suppose I Didn’t Want To Share..Just Keep Things In The Hall Closet…Then It Would Be The “Not Sharing Closet”
Another win by the Indians! Great defense by our team! Love watching my boy play ball! :)
My eyebrows look really good! And I'm really distracted....
Let's trend #soulsurfer! RT if your in!
Wake and bake then 34th and SoHo for some shopping.
Stuck on a plane in Mem bec they clsd the lng runway-we are 2000Lbs over weight to take off on the others. Took 4 skinny psgrs off to mk wt
My teacher after seeing my sickly self in class today: "Emily, fill that out fast, go home, and don't say no to drugs honey"
okay u do tht and yes
Don't tweet ab being on your period.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Come to the loading dock.
you too!! It was a beautiful day here...lol hence the reason for moving :)
It Is The Home Team Medias 6th Month Anniversary Next Month .. Thanks For All Your Support ..
Where my Dailies At?
I don't think I could ever say this but I am utterly disgusted to be NY JETZ fan right now
your website is awesome as are your articles on T-Nation!
so tired of today. want to get into bed
HEY #Detroit! ONLINE tickets for are all SOLD OUT! However, we WILL be selling tickets @ the door!
who's your cousin?
Oh wow! That is cold for FL! We are freezing in Virginia w/ 29 degrees. It's been windy too. Stay warm. Enjoy ur Sunday nite!
Imma G when it comes bowling.lol
Join us at 10 "in the Trenches". Don't b scared.
So yeah, Avengers? Kinda awesome...oh, who am I kidding. It was ALL kinds of awesome, occurring simultaneously across multiple dimensions.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>3
new head shots for my very talented redheaded middle child... he is soo handsome and the camera loves him so
Thank you!
11-0 on my bracket so far. I had VCU over Wichita St as my 12-5 upset. Lookin' good so far.
I don't even know what reconstruction is to be honest.
Good Job
im sorry I took a shit today so im all out no shit here
Idk why certain ppl wanna turn this beautiful smile upside down smh,
Good morning Twitter.
Shit man just watchin my dog sleep ya heard me yall people get at me
did last night. me likey :)
Welcome back to earth fellow #Orioles fans. That was fun while it lasted.
oh how i wish i was in miami right now
When're you in SD duder?
In Loco Parentis => In the place of a parent
sometimes i wonder where i will be in 10 years from now
Dickie: Humours of the Old Bailey recontextualizes court records into humorous tales.
I already did but your thing is private
OMG… When I would moderate chat this season, creeper Laker trolls would always come in chat and talk shit
okay now i'm fangirling again I CAN'T it's almost 1am WOT IS MY LIFEE
It look like things are looking up for me putting my all in this time around
“: I'm still on lastnites work. Fas”Get 2 It!!!
yeah, hopefully!
Something in this classroom smells like straight shit
February 1885.....Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is published
I for sure love Kokomo. Who doesn't?
text me!
So much cursing in Veep
Senate begins debating future of U.S. Postal Service, is considering to allow the service to ship beer, wine and spirits.
Had the LOS burger for the 1st time. Pickled green tomatoes are great! Thanks for coming out in the cold to Chestnut Hill.
Exam time.
I Was Trynna Remember Why Chris Bown & Rihanna Broke Up . Then It Hit Me .
RT Sibling Abuse is connected to the rapid increase in BULLYING. Bullies are made in the home.
Glad you like it! Only the best... RT : thanks for invite... newrelic & git integration is cool !!!
why is not holloween yet
thank god ": Goodbye America! Rihanna is moving to London.
Blue line driver who left Braddock @ 7:28, great job communicating about the delays. Thx.
Back home again
Have a great weekend everyone!
One day the right guy will come.
Good thing that #koreans dont have the same sense of entitlement that ppl in the US have re:social security/medicare
: Why not offer a Volunteer Tax to millionaires? Great way to test patriotism and offer a channel to those 1% who want to help.
If I HAD to get out of bed, it would only be because a giant chocolate cake rang my doorbell and tried to sell me a bottle of whisky.
Your intoxicating my mind.... Baby can i get a refill??
YOUR SEXY AND YOU KNOW IT :)$
really ain't lol so I'm leaving while I get the chance nothings holding me back :)
same! If there's anything we can do for you guys let me know! -Chris
Me too. That was my favorite place for a weekend brunch.
Thanks for the love!
My thoughts are with those who are involved with the terrible accident near the Bronx Zoo in NYC today.
bruce's rough talent was readily apparent. and some still prefer it raw. I'd take a whiskey though to ponder.
Happy for you Mark :) Sucks about 4 30 am though.
I sure will =) x
RT : " You guys kick some major @#$ I am proud to be a client" We love the health & wellness gurus at Vitality Team!
Stopping for Starbucks before games > yes please (: <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
honey you know it
Chelsea in champions league final 2012. Chelsea not even in champions league 2013. HEHEHEHEHEH
Who gets to name these college teams? The Orange Men, the Jackrabbits, the Shockers, the Rusty Trombonists? Ok, that last one was fake.
I can't believe it has been 13 years! I've so many great memories from that day. I love the new avi!!
is that bad?
Who Actually Wins In Team Building Activities | Villa Paradiso Hotel ...
FREE wine tasting 4-6pm, Happy Hour 1/2 Price Wine, Beer & Sushi 4-6pm AND Open Mic Night 7pm-close! Lots going on at Crush today!!
RT : The point when you brazenly leave your Masters stream open.
Hello, and thank you
Well...one of those you have the power to change. What would you do if you had the choice?
Shared the program with the Mom's Club of Newbury Park this morning. Met a great group of gals!
I'm feeling the same way right now!
it wont work for me. :/
Trying to schedule around track practice and lifting <<<<
camp rock...what's that? ;D
A red-eye flight departs late at night, arrives early the next morning & lasts about 3<U+2012>5 hours, an insufficient period to get fully rested.
thanks for taking the time to shadow the empowerment coordinator and visit the classrooms.
looks like something Jean would eat.. LOL
Did that many years ago and remember feeling like I was at constant odds with the rest of society ...
Love seeing my family at the tanning bed
Awesome. “: Love it when they fight lol...they be going at it”
Now reports are that Manning will visit Tennessee and reporting he will alsovisit Texans.
pay attention in class! :P #ItShouldBeHereWednesday :)
Can't get enough of the Zeds Dead remix track, Dear God 2.0
LONG BEACH. Little stripper children walking around cos there's a pageant. No pics cos I don't photograph children that aren't mine.
I'm a girl lol
Dubstep in The Used's new album #Vulnerable? I dig it.
Got what I wanted now , & nothin is gone cum in between us ever again . Not lettin him go this time : love my baby
They asked if I gained weight and I was like na pocket can't handle the money
do you remember me? im the girl who made the support account about you
Watching the O's this year, as everything will slowly unravel, will be a slow horrific torture process.
#HeatEmployee lol “: This white man cutting the grass lookin like a CEO.. Real life dress pants and a button down long sleeve”
Aw.. My patient named her daughter after me!!..eek!!.. So sweet!!
attending all-day meeting "Defining the Virtual Library of the Future" at NYPL - plans to strategize on e-future!
Thanks! Glad you like it!
Direct and Interactive Marketing
YOU are the first person I thought of because you text me the most.
Rest in peace Grammie I love you
HAPPY FATHERS DAY! What is everyone doing today to celebrate?
I could go for a bloody mary right now.
Probably shouldn't have tweeted that. Oh well.
skipping school tomorrow! feels good<U+263A>
Though LOVE him as an actor, he DEFINITELY is George NOclueNEY.
Looking for a double header Twitter Chat tonight? #journchat at 8 pm ET and the meet me on #Socialchat at 9 pm ET talking
Tami needs a Mental Health appt. STAT!
Congratulations to All-American JUCO Showcase Alumnus Jesus Delgado (Cochise) on signing with Texas Pan-Am. We wish him the best of luck!
i want a utonagan
THX! & too! RT : I support/follow/eat at this places
Thanks for the RT!
I hate changing baby they get Shit every wear ugh........
Was it changed this year? It was $150 MA/$250 PhD for as long as I was on assistantship.
LIVE This Thursday Night @ Heat Ultra Lounge Performing I Beat The Pu$$y Up TEXT 562.307.3589 For FREE ViP List Or Bottle Service
Yeah, nobody around here is looking too great either.... All of the #KU fans are loving it, though!
thanks for the album!
Ready for #get2012 to begin! Picked up my microbiome kit on the way in, that will be interesting!
Access is everything...
Our bodies replenish atoms completely every 7 years: "we are processes not things."
Tag yours or your friend's band on this status so we can check you out!
I wouldn't go with Fantasy, but Historical FIction would work pretty well again.
ipod's on the brink of death. Oh dear.
Without the Nile River, all of Egypt would be desert! Egypt only receives an average of 1 inch of rain per year. The Nile is 4184 mi long!
English lessons with Barry Melrose: You can't rely on the secondary and the 'thirdary' players to score for the #NYR. Thirdary?
it is:)! why are you up!!
Happy Birthday Eminem!
That celebration at Rupp was amazing. I will never forget that scene of grown men, women, even young kids crying. What a team, what a year.
s/o & the brother victorious for dropping the new mixtape The Break Up Part 2
Continuing my quest to find best early education toys to inspire #Engineers. Latest funds are snap circuits and Violet the Pilot book.
I miss you!
glorious day
It's time
Just showed my wife your videos, she kept saying SAVE THOSE. Love it!! Nice work B
What is there to expect.
GREAt! It will be awesome !!!!
Thank you for following me! Next year, our school will participate!
Catch basin!
MT : Baltimore Public Schools CEO Andres Alonso on 's EdTechLink: "This will be a winner!" cc
Fuck the West coast and fuck everybody on the East. LOLOLOL
if you don't stop it with yo ratchet ass guuurrrrrllll
need to go to sleep? what else is new? lol
Friends!!! 6.o.clock at the Boardwalk in orangevale. Come see me make an idiot of myself on stage
Cream Lounge Scottsdale tonight Special Event No Cover Text 480-352-0903
thanks! RT : #FF - connecting women from..variety of professions [in] #Indy, founded by &...
"do you like children" "yea I babysit a lot right now."
Will do, Joshua.
i am in a huge reading slump right now, so i get it :)
no, you do! hope to see you soon.
this weekend. A ton of great music for free. The Modern Electric. Buried Wires. Megachurch. Very Knees. Cloud Nothings etc.
One time I dropped a glass in the disposal and found the most effective solution to be just grinding it up until it went away
If you needed more proof that Umpires are horrible look at the last play in the Dodgers game. Helton was not even close to being on the bag
I had to find Adam's URL by memory, since it seems un-Google-able. Pretty great song. (Pretty great dude.)
I think I just sprained my toe >.<
Love, Rubio, Derrick Williams. Right?
Mine too. i think I'm on the fence. too many holes in the defense. No clear motive or cause of death in prosecution.
Luv you Rachel but can't wait to see what Keith has to say about this
that nigga mayweather knocked ortiz the fuck out now thats how u put a mf down
Thanks for having me!
that looks and sounds like a marvelous idea.
1pm RT : Tune into local lunchbox today and pledge for a chance to win Jaill albums + guest spots to the Release Party
second book Is the best !
#NationalHonestyDay A night in Watching #RHONJ, lounging in sweatpants and a bowl of cereal for dinner is one of our favorite things. xo
I handle all tennis appointments by e-mail, it's in on my profile - :)
:( Let's make something happen soon. I miss your face.
oh ya know I remember Hahahahah. Wasn't Eddie there too
"There were a number of occasions when stories just weren’t working and then I put a sheep in and everything came together."
I hear birds.
Note on FB re 10 MPH: "It's movies like your that make me mega-heart Loved every minute of the story of your journey. Inspiring!"
double dutch chocolate!
I want to go to revelles this weekend!
thanks for the follow! love your music :)
check his shirt in his avi too hahah
almost hme. U ok?
Happy 19th Birthday to one of the greatest people in my life, ! Three more weeks til' we celebrate! :D
I liked the length. It felt like being part of an interesting conversation w/even more interesting people
Great! Just let me know if you can't find it and we'll send it again. It was sent from Kip! Look forward to hearing back!
This mood I've been in. <<<
just read part 42.. I started to cry, not gonna lie. haha. please post part 43(:
Went to the movies and the boys who sat by us looked exactly like One Direction(:
sorry to hear that if there is anything I can do To help let me know.
Just saw our very own professor Johnny Simmons, ASC
DC Choir Directors!! Learn how to pull the best from your choir at a "Master Class" taught by **JUNE 21** SAVE-THE-DATE
Who do you think looks better Tiny or Toya?
Thank you for following too, it is May 5th, Jack and I are working hard trying to raise money :)
that's good to hear!! I was hoping for your sake it was phoney!!
Massive wedgie. Nowhere to pick it discreetly. May have impact on audition. Details to follow.
Oh lordy! My space is being INVADED!
Awesome play by setting up that #LAKINGS goal.
Haha I vote squirrel!! :)
IPDGC welcomes Will Youmans as the newest contributor to Take Five. Will be publishing a blog post of his and Shawn Powers soon.
Dimmer switches can also help you save electricity in the home.
Thhat Brodcast was amazing you guys are awesome and funny!!!<3
Why do people get so bent over breast feeding? It's one of the most natural human actions to nurture. Scared of the breast? Get over it.
Word on the street is that is cooking up a nice profile on one of my favorite bands in Portland. We'll find out who next week.
gotta link??
the premiere was Monday!
To go somewhere you've never been you have to do something you've never done.
Wooohooo! So stoked for that show:) You should grab a tshirt at it!
Which do you prefer: 1960 or 2002 TIME MACHINE?
Thanks to and for their thoughtful, articulate comments on yesterday.
The main reason USA still has major METH addictions
So, I just considered that after i graduate i will most likely be a traveling fool! I foresee trips to Cali, GA, PA, NY, Vegas, KnoxVegas...
Or because no one likes her. MT : falk says she lost because of "lack of name recognition".
oh man! My bad! Still cute. :)
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
Getting back on track
great flick. Great books too!
Thinking of those who gave their lives for us and their families on this day.... God Bless America!
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Foreign call centres, people who don't clean up after their dog, driving slow in the fast lane and YouTube commercials
imma tweet for her later .
hahaha I'm gonna have to play that :)
Its raining & its monday..
Thankful for "The Encounter" this weekend! Grateful for the women of God who brought the life changing Word to us, Pastor Emma Armstrong
re: new airline rules. time to start booking historically delayed flights & oversold flights
"Psych, I joke I joke I kidd I kidd If I offend I'm sorry, Please, please forgive For I am Triumph the puppet dog" Eminem
I moved to S.F. last week. Writing, astrology and men's support. Having a ball. How's you?
Not enough time. Need interns (free) or sleep- not seeing either happening
I would rather ignore my emotions and have no feelings at all then be an emotional wreck.
Love the teams old draft picks announcing the picks and the Giants fans who boo when Philly picks. I feed off your hate.
that's your fault for being mean first mister cx
"Just tell me you didnt love me when you thought I was a goat herder." One of the best lines in movies...Coming to America! Laugh every time
you a genius lol
RT : 2 square-mile Baldwin Hills Park in LA will be larger than SF's Golden Gate Park or NY's Central Park...
Being John Malkovich is out tomorrow. May we all buy it and bask in what could have been Cameron Diaz's acting career to follow.
sweetie are u wearing a hard hat in this pic?
Way too much red & blue in the stands.
Great image though. If the mini hands had their fingers crossed making the peace sign, might be less creepy.
I have little mr. ADHD who's been told by his parents no more computer, but he became impossible & they've given up.
Hello! Get anything good for Christmas?
When I tell people I go to the laundromat, they're sorry for me. but 90 mins of no work and washer hum is the closest I get to meditating!
Think Brady kills himself if this game ends 2-0?
Goodnight guys<3
Oh my god if she doesn't have feet I'm gonna fucking kill myself. - Elly
are you on windows or apple, if windows... Open your task manager, then click on processes, and sort the list by file size
("The Memorial Anniversary Of The Emancipation")….. "Coming In 2013"…..
Amazing tennis. The crazy Scotsman is showing some grit. Let's see if the Djoko bounces back in the 4th
much <3 from San Diego, your sets always gets me movin', love the style and the rhythm
oh well I'm in the gym lol sittin by my self cause I got tired of playing basketball
S/o too me a heart broken girr </3
dat soundfun i wanna go to kings island
Demi Lovato's musicvideo to 'Give Your Heart A Break' is now out om youtube! Check it out!
The "clever" was that they took advantage of what a lot of members will see is something good. I meant it with sarcasm.
then its not very elite is it?
OK tweeps I'm at the Hospital. Thanks for the well wishes. It has made the morning better :). I didn't sleep well & I'm nervous but excited
EVERYONE CHOOSE LONDON ON AUSTIN'S POLL!
Lighter Exchange is at from 830-12am tonight!!
RT Unexpected pleasure of #MetGala livestream: listening to the photographers go ballistic whenever someone walks into their shot.
Glad you like it, Scott. is really doing some amazing stuff.
T-minus 3 hours until HIBF2012 takes over for Drink Houston Better! And we all want you to be there to help cause a ruckus!
Flushing the toilet! :D
Florence and The Machine doing an unplugged album?!?! Woohooooooooo!!!
indeed. Thanks. Now ur Celts got to get it done tonight
Say she only smash like 4 or 5 homies so you know you gotta multiply by three.
were playing an acoustic show at hot topic in the Burnsville center at 6pm on thursday the 21st of this month! we hope to see some of you!
Old Globe Associate Artist Robert Foxworth wins Outstanding Lead Performance in a Play for Superior Donuts at San Diego REPertory!
#cw09 Cindy Selfe: afraid to look at tweets. She shouldn't be :-)
I hope the delivery room scene from "Nora" episode is on your list of proud acting moments. Brilliant.
I can NOT wait to read your informational tweets. This is a real blessing.
“: Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..” never more true than in the case of Kentucky basketball
Direct your thoughts. Control your emotions. Ordain your destiny.
“DrunkCatLadies: Friday is National "Act Like A Cat Day". I hope you find one of those ladies! ;)
Our dogs seem to think alike...
<U+266C> Happy Birthday to Roger Meadows Taylor, Drummer of Queen, have a wonderful day <U+266C>
Just wanted to say...I love you and I love you wifey and whatz crackin :)
good night
Beautiful moment.
Do stop by! I have a large piece in June Kelly Gallery's show celebrating the gallery's 25th anniv. 166 Mercer St, NYC 'til April 7.
Just trying to cook up something good...
According to the New York Times , Madmen paid a reported $250,000 to license last night's Beatles song. Was it worth it?
thanks bro
This is my favorite day of the year,... the day of anticipation and Christmas cheer. #MerryChristmas everybody!
I love his music!
Stunning night in Hollywood hills, Angeles is clear and the view looks like a treasure island of orange jewels.
Yeah, not sure. Lots of distractions tonight. 22 days right? RT : 5:26????? where in the hell did that come from?
Dewey & LeBoeuf slashes mid-tier partner salaries to pay guarantees to new stars. In DJ online.
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
Do you guys drive to the ballpark together when on the road?
Saying 'I Love You' is like getting candy on Halloween. If that makes any sense at all.
Yes double piercing. #finally <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
FASCINATING: RT: : two weeks old. MTV's scrambling to rescript her/JWOW's spin off.
yea I think he fighting a winless war, maybe get it to 8 games tho I doubt it
We cannot discover new oceans unless we have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
wow that's awesome
Welcome Home !!
I really miss
Talking about district's precarious finances, that we will need to redistrict 'not if but when'. He'd hate to have new board not have option
TWITTER. I just got a job working at a tattoo shop. Feeling pretty spiffy~
its funny cause hes fat
adorable, chic, potpourri, ambiance...
Steven Tyler the new CREPPYKING for Burger King
Hawks game bout to come on :-)
Radio Lia is Good to her Listeners! She called Me today and sent a gift! She Rocks and her team! KSON, Truly, Your Loss!
I love ur son MB did amazing on mindless behavior countdown keep up the good work<3MB<3
Hey guys help us out and tell everyone about us, big release coming up soon!!
The rain has started !
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Meant to say quit not quite work. Sorry. Have a great weekend.
:D How long in hour and minutes it's austream?
Hahaha. A great pop song is a great pop song, right? :)
where u at DJs
What To Do Tomorrow , What To Do :D
#slcwebinar Thanks, Harold and Jane! Enjoyed it.
Executive is dependent on both the law and the people. That is the intent of independence with proper dependence -
Enjoying the sunshine of Southern California... When the sun is shining, it's as if our inner spirit is glowing :)
Polly doesn't need Mother's Day. She's got that swag knowing she raised you, Fred, and Willy.
Guys Special - Round of golf and massage! $99 :) (Lady Golfers too....)
Looking forward to hear more about how to use LinkedIn to pay it forward at CEONetweavers this morning.
Tennis is not interested in policing doping, just the illusion of it is enough to keep sponsors happy and engaged
Good to know I have people who care enough to look for me if I ever went missing.
He's nothing without Courtney Cox dancing along.
Hope you enjoyed your free Milkshake Laura! The food court is loud with people shouting "GO BUTLER!"
you are such an inspiration to me!!! the sad part is you will never read this!!! =(
I always need a diet coke. Who else feels the same as I do?
I love hearing the snap from catching a ball.
Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season ;) www.worldchampionfans.com The yard signs for houses are now listed!
Don't miss me on Saturday I'm doing my debut at After Dark !! I'll be Bartending !!
Hey Cameron! I love your freckles hehe RT PLEASE :D <3 <3
Sold $GLUU for a small loss. I knew I chased this one and my timing was off. Never let a winning trade turn into a losing one.
Some of the rudest customers today. Not my fault your were up all night drinking, not my choice to be here. Lighten up a bit
Nice posters haha
i really hate school.. :/
>> RT Apparently bomb threat was used in bank robbery at Sun Trust on Dupont Circle
Its a lil chilly out today. Jacket time.
Darlene Clark Hine narrating long history of health activsim by black female nurses & physicians.
I should be writing an essay. But all I really want to do is drink some tequila
Keep asking for hits. It's obviously working.
I used to love kicking Tie Domi's ass with Stu Grimson in what I believe was NHL94 for Genesis. 100 fighting rating for both?
but it's the best movie EVER
You're so welcome! Have a great weekend!
Congrats to Albert And Lesly for obtaining their yellow belt in arlingtons Mma ProPAIN combat
Was glad to see no nekkid pictures in the ESPN magazine that came today, but completely surprised to see nekkid people in timeout.
OMG...it is so gorgeous outside! Gotta do some computer work now, though...boo! At least I can have my windows open to smell the spring air!
“: About to go on and its looking amazing!! 6500 crazy college kids ready to party!! Let's shoot some paint ”
It's the last night of ! Go out in style at for Closet Sundays!
He's going to talk them into giving up their domestic and landscaping staffs.
“: Rental car guy has Tourette's.”
you are officially our hottest user!
Progress today. Got my work email down from 186 to 85. Yeah for the small success stories.
My grandmother whom is 87,told me that your grandmother & her use to work together in a Meat Packing Company in Memphis
can you check the blood that a person donates for cholesterol? Could be a good marketing campaign....and helpful to the donor.
Finally got the presale email :]
lots of stuff ;). the culture. what fans are like / what they do / how they think. skype/FB/email?
can someone fill me in on what happened on the bachelorette? im not able to watch it tonight! :(
Intern Matt just admitted... "Call Me Maybe" by Carly Rae Jepsen is his guilty pleasure
has competed in 2 video contests this month. Oprah Karaoke Contest Challenge and Formaggio What I love about Wine Contest.
Just drove home through a Winter Wonderland. It’s snowing in Buffalo!!!!
It's us. Working on it right now.
Opening Day 2012 just got a whole lot better for Milwaukee. No more Larussa, no more Pujols...
Sorry for liking real musicians....
Looking for someone with a Motorola Xoom to review our android game CandySwipe FREE since we released the update. A vid review would b great
Great discussion with the women's Life Skills group in OC Jail today. Did you know approx 90% of women in prison have been battered?
super for you!
Road trips with these two never disappoint. What up, NYC.
My favorite tweetbrarian!
Sasha we had a hot dog and cheese pizza! Unfortunately no Bertie smoothie. Best value in town and kids love it...
I am so great! Anything special planned for the weekend?
Just slept for 14 hours. Feels so good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
I was reading this book called "Heart to Heart"....and I was bawling.
who's got his ride? RT Also want to celebrate Al's bday Who wants to drive me to UCSD?
Driving from Seattle to Vancouver for your show! YES!!! RT > : Leaving for sonar brazil / u.s tour in 2 hrs woo
haha no problem XD sure i will, tweet me your url XD
Super #gnarly #longboarding sesh ripped whites woods to pieces
why are so many penis topics trending?
Deeelish. Welcome to the Roti family!
I think I have more pictures of my dad on my instagram than of myself.
Switching to "lurk" mode...
#1998 You got... Boyfriend by Big Time Rush :) Love this song also!
looks good, but I like dark haired and dark eyed women!
Sharma: Need to create new categories not based on identity but on interest. Should have racial consciousness but come together.
Very cool. Glad we made the list
A belated congratulations on your new position. I look forward to seeing you next semester and learning more about DH!
Shout out to my newest follower's!
Hi Trevor - Thanks for the follow! I'm following back, I look forward to your tweets!
I fucked my suzie up trying keep it real thou RT : ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu
I feel SO out of touch
Live PA set will be broadcasted live from AYE tonight! The link to this broadcast will be up later today!
Love you both! Get down here for a ride! Need to come back up asap & cause more trouble w you two stat!
Just saw a kid get caught trying to enter Posvar with fake Pitt ID. This is an institution of higher learning NOT Mi Ranch.
I never understand fortune cookies... #onlyme?
Big shout out and holiday well wishes to our interns: Nate Robinson, Sonya Elefante, Victoria McGoogan, Annie Palgutt and Haliena Snowden.
Love Josh Gunn's summary of Diane Davis' Breaking Up at Totality: "the first rhetorical theory of, well, losing one's shit."
I will get back to you with an official answer - Sirinya
Haha! RT dear SD, if i'd wanted to see frost advisories in my local weather report, i would have stayed in Washington, D.C.
Instantly recieve 15% off any one item when u Like Passion by Treco on Facebook
Dont mind me mind your manners...
hey can some one tweet me
Glad they're okay, cause God above knows I woulda took my life too if something happened to them.
Yes and...if you were a Robot you'd be a hack em, sack em!
Impressive, right? Original art is so much more interesting than Monet prints.
G.M.N.I.: My purpose in this life is to care for, not to be cared for.
is feeling blue and it's not even noon
yeah haha. But I live in a smaller city inside Tacoma called University Place
There was a line in the avengers about the national guard coming and the Feds being MIA. hmm..
where are you now? 7pm Saturday?
Appreciate the recommendation to ! Enjoy Coachella - jealous
Thanks Doll! (: xx
no problem hope it helps
yeah, but I think everyone else reporting it is based off of them?
well I hope u two have fun :)
1800 and rosay im off that rite now
Getting kids' gifts makes you think like a 7 year old again. Or you may realize that decision-making for you hasn't changed much since then.
Dat was gay
There's no conspiracy behind the way two hearts meet when love is a two way street..
Watching the "Party On, Garth" episode right now and laughing hard enough to shoot whiskey from my nose.
Damn I need a valentine
it's what the "Knicks" call themselves!!! Kinda weird like Mixtape...
I don't care what people say about He is the BEST PLAYER EVER that's that
stay safe!
No tweet all week makes for little activity. Busy in the jungle!!
I predict that and will lead the social media wars because you can post quickly in today's time pressed world.
#TopOfTheMorning Hope today is a good one for you; be safe.
Incredibly interesting 1st panel at #neabrookings. Thankful for my education in economics :)
I love Nashville, but my fucking husband won't agree to move there, so guess where our family vaca is going to be this year <U+E402>
"Just call me CLASHius Clay!"
I'm too mad deandre got kicked off AI
#TweetWhereYouEat during today! You could win dinner for two at Firefly. Include #doldc to be eligible.
Rainy and umbrella-less.
Police have effectively broken the march into at least five groups with 2 or 3 blocks in between them on Broadway.
Thank you!! It's true!
Its rare that i can say i told u so zah father left coffee on the table earlier nite and she got to it now she off the wall
So many people got screwed over by goaltender signings like in my opinion. Holtby is better than Neuvirth
my dream is for you to song skin and bones for me :3
What you know about dual heated outside power mirrors?
how is this amazing day without math?!?!
OK, we're outta here. See you in 2011!
#Blackparentsquotes "you better not EVER bring home a baby unless Ur married and outta my house."
My twitter goning in FOLLOW ME NBS
I'm fresh I'm freessshhh.
Babbitts defense is holding Babbitt back...
everybody keeps asking when you're gonna get here..you stud you...wuahahahaha
ahaha you would RT that dirty talking one cause that's what you like to do best poopie face(;
hearing music tonight don't want to miss it
Merry Christmas everyone:))
Want to win $25,000?? Come to Tavern Tech Center this Thur., 3/22 for the Alice Radio/Bud Light Brews ‘N Brackets promo with Slacker &...
Follow some of 's favorite artist from Atlanta
Does this mean early Americanists spend too much time on FB? But seriously, thrilling to see the large gathering already.
Haha, me too! Watching last nite's #idol on DVR right now. Stevie Nicks rocks!
Sweet, thanks. I can't wait to read it.
i love you guys :) <3
great idea.
why :O
What a wonderful community...Love ! Sorbet, cool tea, and FLOWERS! Come out and see us on the Greenspace for #Earth Week!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night and tweeted up a storm!
I really like it Im sure that more country fans will be at the shows I think endless summer is gonna be a big hit this summer
And here I am looking for a whisky drinking girl who punches bouncers but only in the face. Oh well.
My Step Father passed away ! Im the man I"am because oh him. Beer and Tears tonight .God please take care of him...!
I love spreading rumors. Seriously though. Have you guys heard that Shaq and Charles Barkley are the same person...?
HE'S GIVING ME A RIDEE :/
IS THIS A JOKE??
Wishing you and yours a joyful, abundant Thanksgiving!
Insane that transit factors into job decisions. It should not be this way!
darn child adopters. Giving all those needy kids homes. How out of step with God's word. (I mean: really ?)
Soo..I definitely did not register for your shindig tomorrow. Think I can still pop in and say hello? :)
don't be kick some county butt
Gonna get some grub at #lbs then maybe catch a movie.
~Le waits for Austin's video
Is the GitHub repo for the html5 boilerplate down for everyone, or just me?
lol didn't realize I just said the same thing as u! Lol
I am using that one! LOL
Senior Correspondent Ray Suarez won the 1996 #RubenSalazar Award from the National Council of La Raza.
Never mistake a move of God for a large congregation! Always follow The Cloud, not the crowd!
I saw it the second day it came out in England! What about you?
HI PPL
#STL Salsa/Bachata Congress in Millennium Hotel downtown. Tonight: performances, bands, parties! See info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I agree it is so important. The movie is great!
What was your favorite part of our 10th Anniversary event?
Buy gold company is offering to buy people's bling for 50$ at the concert I'm at.
Im Sure happy the DBACKS kept Lyle Overbay!
What to do on a Saturday...well after you get bored at Mudfest, come enjoy the Nashville Academy of Rock! Show at 6:30pm and free!
"it appears alcohol is playing keep away with your intelligence"
All of my puppies are eating baby carrots with me weird I did not know that my dogs liked carrots. :-)
That guy is nuts yo
lol So do I! Thighs prove it!
What's the cutest thing your dog ever did to try to protect you? We wanna hear about it!
right me too!
Ha! RHOBV, Scouted, Bachelor-where to start?! RT The return of the bachelor is really screwing with my limited Dvr settings
What happened to the B&W, sepia, negative effects from the jailbreak version? Just bought AppStore version and they're gone : (
RT Pooh was hitch hiking so I picked him up he's coming to he's my fav character
yeah, but the value of your tweet would depend on how many followers you have...don't know for how long it would work.
For #windows, #patio doors or #entry doors in #Albuquerque, call Jeff (505) 362-0529 today.
Ugh. I hate getting home so late....will sleep until 11 for sure
Hey Guys, Go To My Profile & Like My Video Plweease (:
it seems to me that fundemental tension in education is it's individual nature but also social institution
An evening of Bob Dylan! 3 nights only! Very limited seating! Get tickets now!
- Please contact me off-Twiiter. I think we're talking at cross-purposes, & this isn't a conversation for 140 characters.
I am completely freaking out here! Romney has CLOSED the gap with women voters to 2%? How is that possible?
": God doesn’t have Twitter, but I follow Him." And so do I.
Designing my lil heart out!
Wait...J.J. Abrams created/wrote Felicity?! I can't even...(yes, I'm watching Felicity)
“: are u sure about what u are saying” yes. The ratio is accually shocking.
I dare my fiance to have strippers over
I don't just ask a person questions for the heck of it. If I ask you a question, it's because I really do want to know more about you.
NEW DEAL: Everyday from 3pm-close, come by and get a free small coffee drink of your choice if you say the owner's middle name: Greg
thanks:D & yeah! my twitter username :)
If only we could all live happily <U+E422>
Yay! Hello mates! Can u hear us during commercial breaks?RT : 8.20 PM over here - Julia is watching the stream...
Nope just enjoyed a beer on the patio with our pooch :) Super props for having Maharaja - will be back for more!
Weather Looks Great! MT Tonight is the first of our Third Thursday Art Crawls! Stop by our businesses and see what our local artist!
The hardest part is deciding on which way to go. After that, it's just a matter of staying on the path. I wouldn't mind a road map, though.
Officially so over the Kardashians...
Ellis/Curry didn't work in GS, why will it work here? Jennings is way less efficient and way more ball dominant than Curry.
i love seeing " follows you" :D
Week 2 has begun. Diamond Lou week. Someone is getting ra-. . . diamondized against their will.
do we get a vote?
best team in baseball wins again
By the way, the 66 points allowed in first half was season high for #Blazer opponent. Offense is fine, just get "on defensive" in 2nd half.
Thanks for referring me to They are more helpful on Twitter than on the phone!
Where did you hear or read this?
Indeed -> “: Gotta love the great #MLK! Thanks!!”
haha sorry! feel free to go check and make sure...but i'm pretty sure it's a tree haha
THANKS TO ALL THE ARTISTS AND HELPERS THAT SHOWED UP TO SHOOT THE VIDEO FOR CITY OF DREAMS / ARTISTS FOR TN FLOOD RELIEF
Kenjon Barner Ready to Step in as Oregon&#39;s Starting Running Back
Thank god I live over a Starbucks
Put some aloe vera on it if you've got any, you'll feel much better.
It's both hilarious & fitting that #SkipBayless only follows his own show on Twitter!
Listening to a band in Richmond KY with my folks , Pudge, belcher, Michelle, rhia and the crew.-BH
anyone want to talk ???
I go to bed at like 9:30 on school nights and like 11 on weekends. xD
"Hate me? I don't care. Because you are not the first person who hated me and you are not going to be the last either.""
Just one (studio apartment, womp womp).
nice win something special huh?
i'm all for user-centered design. But don't tell me the user is always right. The user is often a fucking moron, and you know it.
I will head 2 bed. dreaming of the day that he will know how loved and cared about he is for the man that he is.
i guess having an Arrogant Bastard ale (brewed in San Diego) is good for
I will be sending out a #ff in a little bit, but i wanted to sent one out that i need everyone on board for.... Let's get to 4k
its true ! I learned that
:( Aw Man In My Swiper Voice)
The app is only available in certain countries.
as a person who works for the parking company, it's hard on that Sunday to get the right amount of people we need to work.
Lol ok. I think this highlights precisely why it's difficult to have progress...
We already have 112 people checked-in to BarCamp Rochester!
Just want to be home with
T-Force spending time wth kids :)
Is it bad that I spent more time last night doing a project than I did sleeping? It's a good thing my group members don't have twitter...
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?
Hope everyone already have plans for New Year's Eve!
I have a 17yo and we are dealing with this right now. Oh, and I'm on the faculty at a college, too. Not an easy decision.
#tedxuchicago questionstream.in should look at conference backchannel tools. Some overlap...
can not wait to play buffalo...
What is Craig Sager wearing?? Wow
seriously does this support tech know what they are doing? I'm in
Finding tranquility
Jessica Dorrell resigned today. Even Larry Brown thought that was a quick tenure.
Back in Seattle. Sipping my hot neem juice
i loved when u said that u liked 's songs, i guess your now part of the craziest fans lol Welcome to the family<3
There's tons of issues on Pine Ridge, no one denies that, but there's a lot of good that never gets covered. ()
Totally heart broken over Whitney Houston's death. People can be so cruel...until it's their turn in the hot seat.
should've came to see bow wow then.
omg, lmao! we should thank them for not being safe (; lol
Can I just be in like again. So that the butterflies can come back and take away this horrible feeling in my stomach. I just wanna not cry.
you two make a cute couple!!
- you are very wise.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods tonight :D
over and out.
#FF We love our partners!
<3 we are gentle hearts haha
That's attractive
Perfect day for a PAAARRRAAADDDEE!!!
Creating a Queer Museum opening tonight 6 - 8 PM, come join our celebration!!!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck.
Thank you little sis!": Happy Birthday to my sister, the best person to share a name with ------> <3 xoxo ."
I was wondering if that movie was good. Is it a family movie?
SearchFest was also featured on KATU & FOX. I guess I'll just have to get KGW to the event on Tuesday...we still have the weekend though...
I didn't know they did that. Seems weird, but I guess it makes sense in a way. Sucks to be the Cubs.
As in, tough to stay interested? RT : Don't say I didn't warn you about Utah giving San Antonio a tough series.
represent true independent film have #lloydkaufman on, why not?
Was gonna pour myself a glass of milk with my mid-morning snack of mini Oreos, but all I can think of is pus. Thanks, ! LOL :)
G'Night Fb..God Bless You All..Goin To Sleep Good Tonight..
lmao I can't wait...
Hey Girl! I see we both modeled for WSI womens/ HeatR wear! Small World! Hope you are doing well :)
I guess mykki wanted us to have a meeting, but he's working on something else now, so idk.
...you're really mean. ):
TOMORROW - OUTSIDE SHOW Lucy’s Fur Coat, Stone Temple Pilots @ Bodie’s $8
Yea JenX so happy you saw it & thanks for the RT!
"See this 'C' on my hat? Stands for 'Chicago.' All you have is a stocking." LOL
eating early thanksgiving
im so happy for you =D <- My signature
Glad you ladies enjoyed #QBM11. Thanks for coming!
Lindorf is not the most infamous, but hard to disregard--essentially four villains in one.
RT RT apps to be ready by of Apply by 3/1
Yep..Somebody in Dallas pizzed off to da highest pernt of piztivity! ": Texas PRO has upgraded...Eman Mudiay is in the lineup!"
If Austin come to Indonesia he should try Indonesian food cause indonesian food is delicious
Doctors and nurses from this hospital will travel to Washington to study at HFC through our Medical English programs.
you motherfucker you got me pregnant I thought we were SAFE.
been up 2 days now no sleep
News from our amazing friend, : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: STORE OPENS JAN 10TH! 4631 Airport Blvd #119!!! Spread. The. Word.
#liesthatalwaysworked I'm on the pill, we'll be fine.
You're damn right.
That looks like something might do with his free time.
Macs and coffee: the two most popular things at
orange juice >>>
Loaded up on more Belgian beers than I can drink tonight. Got me an Orval, Piraat, Rochefort 10, Gouden Carolus Easter and Boucanier Blond
Just revisiting your page. You simply have the best bio and location on twitter.
Remarkably, re: basketball leagues, both my WI keeper roto (2nd) & NY auction h2h (1st) are in-play on final day of goofy, all-INJ. season.
pls follow if you see this tweet. mahomie4life
This fat bitch jus broke the seat on the bus lmfao
I'm allowed to like 'ayo technology' right?
I'm in love with Kristin Key and Rob Troy. Coolest comedians ever. And funny too.
Sorry, meant to send the invite from this account. You're still welcome!
Btown tonight anyone?
I feel important now !
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw your teeth
congrats to you and your daughter!
I'm teaching a fitness class tonight at 11pm for the new freshman! I must be crazy...I just hope I get a good turnout!
Just got in an argument with my mom... Boa.
I'm so happy right now.
Why not start the weekend on tuesday
Almost did it... Wow.
thanks for following
Stop speaking german were in america
<<< Crazy, Sexy, Cool
#He_Who_Knows_All thinks that people like
Been a minute twitter world.
HAHA. But wait, here comes Rex Brothers, ugh. RT : Esmil Rogers strikes out Matt Kemp. No, your Twitter is not busted. We swear
wear a condom before you fuck anything
i one of your twelve million followers specifecaly 8 million plz follow me
oh that sucks hope they can fix it for u
Met a guy who told me he was teaching a class called Pop South - stolen from my blog of the same name. Isn't that a copyright infringement?
Just mowed my lawn in the middle of February. Crazy weather!
don't make me split your shit player lol
Drafts at the draft. In my apartment.
Hey InsanelyCorrupt! Thanks for following!
Overheard a small child ask his mom if clouds are made of marshmallows. Man, little kids are idiots.
I am in fucking love with musically inclined men.
Left is Right | Surprise! A left-right debate emerges in Quebec, and it's a little bitter - Winnipeg Free Press
Dr. Energy Saver Columbia Employees Awarded BPI Certification Dr. Energy Saver Columbia has recently had two employees certified by the B
Backlash Against Consumerism - Handicraft Sites Turn Hobbies Into Big Business
thanks! I'll let you know what we end up planning!
looking forward to it, enjoy the day and say hi to Minneapolis for me.
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
do you have a link to the live feed?
You've really enjoyed yourself making it to haven't you?x
No! That's good! Take a free shower while you can!
What you mean!? No Popeyes!? Kenny SMASH!
Where are all my #mahomies at!?
God be with you and your family. I pray for a full healing for you. Hope you play again soon. Much love and respect.
Put Montee Ball on Heisman ballot as well
Happy 24th Birthday
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. - Zig Ziglar
Notre Dame rookie duo in Minnesota Vikings secondary - NFL News
I learned How to hold my own. I thank God for that cuz he knew I had to deal with those kind of ppl
i got the GOLDEN ticket to go vaca w/justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Seriously, is spiky hair in right now for men? Not a fan. #bachelorette On a positive note, I like drama surrounding helicopter guy. Fun!
Will Smith came from the hood of Philly to the mansions of Bel Air. I came from the rich 'burbs of Philly to the ghettos of LA.
Its raining hard, but ready to hit the streets of Houston today! Have a great day you all!
thanks...it's become unnecessarily complicated.
"what he say?" "he was jus so chill." "what he say?" dam jus answer the question bitch
Congrats, cuz...what flav? Eatin' homemade pizza over here
Best out of office response ever: "Back the 15th, unless we capsize."
haha! That will make us look really cool. Kind of like purple shirt guy. ;-)
im 15 i not 2 ung aw u just braked myh eart i give i m gonna leve twitter dis time4 good an i just wantedu u no
Good Morning...When God takes something from your grasp, He's not punishing you but merely opening your hands to receive something better.
thanks for tweeting this!
#Sixers are injuring everyone.
Well I wanna see pacman fight may 5th..
time to go chill nd listen to
Book us!!
Scott!!! What a great surprise!!! We should catch up. I have no idea where you are!!! I hope you are doing well.
Ohh okk, u got a pone
Shake that booty, like it was an etch-a-sketch :D
Yaa can't tell me nothing, right.
$150 per is face value
Just walked out of Carrie - The Musical BRAVA to cast and creative team they lost the spectacle and found the heart! Go see it!!!
I love you so much!!! I would try to walk on water for you and i can't even swim! #sinkorswim lol
no you shouldn't its alright! The first few mins were good. And Puck scenes are amazing!
Culatta: Talking about interest in digital badging
Can't I be lounging spool side with right now? #whyme ... Sucks to be indoors on a beautiful day.
I'm here the whole week. When are we hanging out and watching Julia Roberts movies?
temporarily... it's getting upgrades. Doors expanded to fit new trucks, etc.
So fun! Ask some #HCR q's! Here's the plan. When goes offline, send us your queries. Use
they are a hard rock band.
I Fell asleep at 5Am ..... hell nah lmao
Dunkin Donuts coffee is so hot that I have to wait like 4 train stops before I can start sipping it.
#OomfNeedsTo stop fuckin around and be wit me i kno she want to
To my sportswriter friends, my buddy has officially tied DiMaggio's 56 game hittimg streak on MLB2K12, this.is worth covering, right?
I wish I had blue eyes
"Accidentally retweeting" bs.
I love It when I feel you near, though you're miles away.
Reggae music brings me back to my childhood days. It's in my blood....
Anyone that drives 965 miles for Taco Bell should be kicked in the head repeatedly.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for Dad!
So excited for tonight! Blockheads, Margaritas, and dancing with ! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When I was there yesterday, I should have asked if Sibley has a padded room. B/C the stupid I am dealing w/ today might lead me to one!
Just saw 2 teen boys near Riverside H.S. share their pizza w/ a homeless guy on the corner. I love seeing kids get it right.
Ok if you people don't get a handle on your spam problems i.e. change your passwords or something I will unfollow. That's 4 in the last hour
I just found your wonderful videos on Fibonacci numbers and spirals. I'm going to show the kids at my library.
If I were you is take them to south padre....the beer flows like water there. I went there twice for sb...awesome!
After looking at Twitter trends and popular hashtags, you start to doubt the future of humanity.
Q3. I think the more we collaborate, guest post on each others blogs etc…the better off we will all be!
If you let go of what is in your hand,GOD will let go of what is in his hand. Let it go...jealousy,anger,hatred,revenge,gossip,
Good luck Duwan Anderson... I wish you would have known earlier, but I'm still rooting for you as a kid from Nthrn.
pandora is great
Thug Nasty ??
I need my Thunders back :(
now if he can make Cassie dream about me then i will pronounce him the greatest man in the universe lol xD
True love is not measured in hugs and kisses, but in struggles and fears, and those who can work though those possess true love.
WEIIIIRRD! I have heard of this...creepy and weird
it always works out!
HELLO SUMMER VACATION!
alright, well thanks!
When did Tom Cruise become a archery expert
Listening to we are young by fun, thinking of youth....
hoe, ive been pretty great. You?!
hehe no problem!
Sadly for me it's better - it's never as hard to catch up when you've been checking emails at least daily throughout the vacation!
I already had some, but it wasn't cold! Extra stop on way home = small price to pay for good, cold beer.
Hey Big Bro we should talk soon!
The elevator light is on. That means I pressed it. You don't need to press it 15 more time you idiot. I'm not standing here bc it's fun.
I wish I could of retweeted #oomf tweet! Too funny!
I'm good ova here nt stressin on a damn thang !! Money good right now & I workin to make it better!!!
Note: the 500 blk of 24th St., NE is closed - due to water service repairs.
Lighting strikes every second! -Allen
Let me sip on some of that!
I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.
Dressed for success.
There has to b a catch. I found free parking in NY.
Rubbing the back of my head after work, don't mind doing it while you're...oh never mind
sounds amazing!“: breakfast idea: whole wheat English muffins with alternating spreads of Nutella and Cherry preserves. SO GOOD.”
I so can't wait to take a nap on lunch...tired as fuck. That's what I get for hunching and being nasty till wee hours in the night. Lol
Since I feel like I haven't been on in a while.... #followspree Lol
They just want the lyrics over Twitlonger!!
Lutherville got a shoutout on #madmen last night?
Looking for that missing piece to the puzzle right about now.
Fresh Out The Shower...#SmilingGood!
yes, and misuse it, like in landscape on iPad
This is why I don't come out the house at these hours!! ppl don't know how to drive!
Stop in today GRIND for a fresh cup of Mild (GRIND House Blend) or Bold (Blue Heeler) If you don't like coffee try a Italian soda.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
Just a gathering for my family friends and classmates i thought yall were coming doh jeff tweeted it for me
"Think before you app." - I love it!
Cassie, tamed and wonted to a settled existence
Did damn good on that black god video. The original cut slaps to.
I was just seriously asked if it was me in the paper passed out in the infield...pffft as if...I ain't no eff'ing rookie! Lol
me too!
RT Life brings ppl in our lives at diff seasons for diff reasons. Keeps life interesting.
Get better. We all love you. Your the best, josh. Soak up that sun.
is getting so many mentions from !!
": Oh Lawd! Lol! RT 3 people can be in the delivery room with me. I feel bad for them & my mommy. LOL
I bought a jump rope... $9.98
Just wait! There will be one! Imma find them & be in it. Haha
me? Well, I'm a Leo. What about you?
wordd some fresh shit, im tryna do some shit too so def let me know. we need some hype shit lol.
Having a grand time on Picnik Premium....until April 19. Hopefully I find some other awesome free photo tools before then.
Thank you :) How's your day?
so for la dolce dc, we sung songs to the theme of shakepeare's "the merchant of venice", and i wore armani and dolce & gabbana. what fun!
If yo baby can tell you they need their diaper changed, THEY GROWN ASS NEED TO BE USING THE TOILET!!
By the way, if you'd like payment ahead of May for the art, let me know! Enjoy the weekend.
Thanks for the RT!
I hate letting myself think. Cause then I do something I regret later.
FREE show at Kemah Boardwalk tomorrow. 2:30-4PM. We'll be outside infront of the fountains. See ya there!!
Oh Happy Day! Let this day be productive! Stay focused! Find the good and praise it! -SheaMoí Naturelle™
thanks for the s/o friend! how's your friday goin so far?
Don't worry about the world ending cuz it's not gonna happen until God wants it to. Look it up, it's in the Bible. Matthew 24:36
“: Love is fresh. Love is pure. Love is Heavenly. Love is NOT SUPPOSED TO BE A SECRET."
A Thousand Years by Christina Perri
Gonna go eat after school and be board cause big bear isn't here to fuck around with afterward
Yeah, that one totally is. I think you'll like the one I posted today much better. Happy Friday!
- As most (if not all) craft brewers are... Gotta' love the people in this industry. Incredibly passionate & humble.
you know my clumsy self...avoid traffic much?
haha no but it does still apply to you....
EP13s, #13 Scott Donnelly compares Capital Area Food Bank's twitter stats with Leadership Residency and Angelina Jolie's right leg.
LOL what class?
Why don't you take a look @ the site for yrself to see how we organize things? (Indexes, tags, search, etc.)
Sidney Crosby is a bitch
#asksugarrush is awesome :)
Absolutely! Dead ringer!
I knew you would go there.
awesome working with you! Thank you
well g`night twitter
Locking myself in the library until I get my work done or until my computer dies. Whichever comes first. I sure hope it's the former
If the "one thing" 1D is taking about is vagina then they can have it
It's official. The February issue is at the printer. Time to catch up on emails!
What's your choice for #breakfast? Toast or bagels? Can we bring toast back?
check your fb message when you got a chance giirlly (:
Francesca! Finally got a pic of her hahah I miss you two!
North Carolina, you have disappointed me.
No problem. Once they have a name, we can check our database to see if we have any photos (or other items of interest).
Awesome I will be sure to mark the calendar :-)
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
I am still KING, she is still afraid to check the mouse traps.
thanks for the follow AJ!
When #wholefoods puts the $23.99-per-pound smoked salmon on the salad bar, I feel like I'm taking down the man.
your not old <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
lol! You're great DR!
Skype conversations: 5% Hey, how are you? 95% Can you hear me!?
bored. you perfection ? <3
OK, good. But I think he is destined for the KHL
and of course, and his MINbro, the new half-man-half-Burgandy
How'd your shoot go??
I rather fail knowing that I challenged myself than succeed knowing that I didnt.
Judging from the photos and I are taking right now, I think it's safe to say I go from 5'3" with no heels to giant w/ stilettos
In the test kitchen today: one of my Nana's recipes from childhood, but using an ingredient grown in Guatemala. Coffee Gelatin!
I miss my sprouts - how long til they're back?
I hate when people judge cause of the high school you went to or go to.
Yeeah no. STUPID!
Get 'im while he ain't across the dang room! Gogogogogogogo!
RT : Feels good going
why do you keep tweeting this.... It's ancient news. “: Google unveils browser, acknowledges debt to Apple ret ”
Gr'parents' landlady in 1950 married a paratrooper from WWII - had her wedding dress made from his parachute(!!!)
300 followers to go !!
Hey, if you don't know what CISPA is, google it.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
How about a little solidarity between Rice University and USF? I'll bet we both used Public Radio Capital to sell KTRU and KUSF..
Saturday's St Patrick's celebration was outstanding. Today, also at Fountain Park, at 2:30PM come for a free Irish music concert.
you can't be serious, with cal here what jersey will ever get retired and for what reason?
No one (except vendors of cool drinks) should be required to work when the temperature rises above 80 degrees.
Lord please bless me today with your glory...
thanks:D
that would be great for my newest blog idea, "These Are My Day Pajamas"
I did it with my evo. Just wondering if it is possible with the galaxy s2
Feeling loved!! And I love this feeling
“: Livingstone College. Home of the mighty BLUE BEARS!!!! ” It's the Gummies!!!!!!!! Yay!!
school tomorrow...
Looking good today.
Thank you! My wife is vetoing sushi, but I can't wait to go there. I have a 20% Off from Chinook! :) -Benjamin
Huge fist pump from Bruiser after that made three. Like he tweeted earlier... having a nice little saturday.
Being awake when the morning birds are chirping is quite interesting.
You seriously going to New Zealand? I'm going to be there the last week of March.
hahaha i remember u being nice bro
same here, my Eagles sucked this year
It was a 5K to benefit the Maple Dale-Indian Hill school district. Twas this morning starting from my driveway.
Custom Printed Mugs at NYC Printing 123. They are made to last!! Customize to your style.. Call now !! 646.833.8085
#FREE copy of #GirlWithThePearlEaring to the first 20 people to stop in the outlet & mention this tweet.
sleep,why must you evade me?
that bitch is stupid. did u see her video diary "leak"
As great as it is to get away for a vacation ... So good being home as I pull into San Diego!!
Best of luck to all of you auditioning today! We can't wait to see your faces in the Del Close Theater!!!
Starting over is hard....especially when you're starting over without the person you've been with for so long.
Ask better questions of your target audience says
IPhone 5 now we are talking.. Let me find out a release date.. As I want one as well
I'm fixin to BBQ some Chicken California sun shine all day. :)
Kobe Bryant x Los Angeles Lakers x Game 7 x Staples center
in February I will singing a very different tune on my way to work.
Idk if i should curl or straighten my hair tomorrow? :o
On my way!
I looked into it for ya, it's called being Spanish
#rageagainsthemachine is the band most responsible for most of my frequency loss. Thanks
go get 'em tiger!
My roommates are outside chopping cans of beer in half with a samurai sword.... this is my life. -__-
chris brown
Babymama is not a title you want to take pride in
Date night at the Barn, it's a beautiful thing.
The Cantina Song should be the soundtrack for everything.
When my mascara runs down my face from taking a shower is not a pretty sight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I get to see in 3 more days!!!
Finish up at job número UNO now it's time to start J…O…B number two
This is tricky, I once pulled up a bunch of "weeds" before I figured out they where beautiful poppies. Sad face..
cheers for the #ff! Have a good weekend!
Unruly Music festival coundown 8: premieres new graphic scores by faculty Kevin Schlei and Amanda Schoofs on March 10.
She'll be back. Without hammers we're both absolute sweethearts.
for sure. Same exact pic happened durin the WTO riots.
Great first half.
My brush still works!
Happy Tuesday morning!
Tomorrow! ": We can't wait to be a part of #pcbw! Event goes from 6-9 at Look for too!"
Yes ! Beauty Bar! fashion show and magic after party!
Im on a boat
its the quiet before the storm. Prepare yourself for 2012. :)
going to my brothers deb soon ! (: haha
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers today!
plz follow me.. I love u!!
Devin?! You must be crazy. Getting Kidd was the first step in getting that big gold trophy.
Complete bullshit. Sox blow an 8 run lead to lose by 6 in 3 innings and the bruins lost. It's time for bobby v to wake the fuck up!
cuz I've sat with this girl that needs company
So mad I just broke my camera ugh!
Chun: Notion of personal network computer can only be an oxymoron.
Finally School's over and Summer Break is here!:) <U+E057>
Realized that I haven't played Angry Birds in months - must be losing its charm
Best compliment tonite- youre outfit is amazing from head to toe, bag and accessories! Thanks!
its my one brush with celebrity! I went to school with Kerry Washington.
I dont give a fuck who you are you will not get away with hating on austin.
will you be meeting fans after the concert?
#Big3 #Detroit getting shout outs from
hey what's up:-)
Larger books and classics do that to me. I have to read something lite between or I have a hard time with the next book
so cold! We keep jackets in the office! Next will be heaters under the desk and knoodle blankets ;)
We were Friday and Saturday nights, and it was definitely the perfect place for a late night meal and dessert.
Intergrity,Honesty,And Ethic Pay Off . Stay True To Your Self
Tweet it...only if u mean it. They last forever.
I thought that post was so spot on!
Your knowledge will make you, but your ego can break you
My 2 year old neighbor called me Dinzy. Lol!!! Love that kid XD
#WeCantBeTogetherIf "/ yu wake up im the morning & the first thing yu want to do is kiss me before brushing yo teeth . Turn Off !'
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that" Martin Luther King Jr.
shut up an take this dick lol
Original. Artsy. Efficient. How does the remake compare?? “: The original or the remake? What did you think?"
I thought about you the other night when I was watching the premiere. I heart her so much!
miss you guys so much
Can't wait for Recommended Reading: what an exciting project!
Watch MNF at Whiskey Tango tonight! Saints vs Falcons. Breese tries to break Marino's record! Great food/drinks!
My copy of 's book One Day It'll All Make Sense is in!
Second base ump had originally called him safe.
I'm going to be there and look forward to seeing your review!
Writing some new songs on 's off-day from the tour.
"I'm for the gays and I don't wear brown" my mom imitating
RULES 2 - we will pick one RANDOM WINNER of 4pm Trivia question at 4:30pm EST from list of correct answers
Just realized one good thing about 29...Rhymes with WINE, so it can't be that bad right?!!!
Thank you for being a rocking team and saving my weekend!
i care about you too much, that's the problem.
The homosexual also has special problems during the middle years. Aging seems particularly stressful, ...
meh. i don't need to listen to covers...ever.
hey you always have me <U+263A>
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
SLGT would be perfect.
RT : 7 sites you should be wasting time on right now
feel so nice with the clean cut c:
Thanks for the Jonathan Harvey link, Michel. Very much.
The way you talks to me.. Herp-Derp
John Milius said that Hollywood was "the only thing I can think of remotely as horrible as war."
What was wrong with Rick Carlisle. Post game press conference wardrobe.
gauging what's "best" is based off your biz- no media is strategic without a strategy.
Watching Google Refine demo, realizing how incredibly useful the data viz workshop by at was!
Well ignorance is everywhere. I have a parent from each side of the country. I get called Yankee often when visiting my dad.
I stumbled upon your website today. I really love it! ;)
Now I just need to come up with a vegetarian main dish and a vegetable side dish....
#3WordsForYou suck.my.dick
I just ate many dehydrated apples.
Yes, glad I grabbed your attention. Weird letdown after such an intense Oscar season.
House alarm goes off that someone opened a door and no one is there...creepy
Im too nice sometimess, gotta learn how to not give into things sometimes!!
The backup is much appreciated! :) Thanks.
Saw Carmina Burana at the Kauffman center tonight, impressive place, and very well done by the UMKC conservatory too.
aha thank you. Was that 2 or 3 stupid questions in a row? ;)
Rihanna Gives Sexiest ‘Saturday Night Live’ Performance Ever
OFFICER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM!!
wikis work really well for that here. Wikidot engine introduces coding to people & lowers barrier of entry to HTML & CSS
Happy Easter friends! How are you celebrating today?
The greatest revenge is simply happiness, because haters hate to see you live a happy life. <U+2665>
george is like a mad scientist in the studio haha
you a class clown and if i skip for the day i'm with your bitch smokin grade A
We will give out another free loaf of bread at 200 fans! Spread the word and tell your friends to "like" us!!
FINALLY saw the HootSuite owl mobile cruising downtown this weekend. So cool!
Ahh, do it! Used to hate it (so Tumblr-ish) but I've come to like it. Would you get it prof done? I'm going the DIY route <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Can I Skype With You I Havent Tweeted To You Before I Only Right On Your FB Wall Sorry I Have Wanted To Skype With U FOR A WHILE
#Giro Spello is to the right (starboard) of the race. We should surely see soon the classic view from the W.
That child 50 cent making BET syndication movies now...
Just trying to do something productive today....
What the fuck is going on?!
I eanna know why I ant sleep...maybe it's the fucking 2 bottles of mntn dew I drank.hell why not?
Rhapsody Music-Streaming App Bound for iPhone -spun1 | china ...
I found a great way to get your man motivated to clean out the garage -- have him watch the TV show "Hoarders".
Time for raw! Starting with the cena - lesnar contract signing!
Someone/anyone text me!
Tip for project evaluation: "Every state has State Statistical Agency - ask if they can help." Burke Fitzpatrick, SC
The feeling of relief after having to pee for 2 hours..
TODAY? What time? Got it picked out already!
got you!!!
Book arrived. Plan to dig in this weekend.
theres these two boys in the sunday class at my church that are super cute.... except im in the staurday class.. how stupid
Hey why wouldn't boise state be a good Target for the #big12. They are becoming a national brand.
Heading to downtown for pre-BASHH dinner. Hope there will be parking available.
AWESOME!! MT “: Thought u'd like to know received 2nd place metal from 2nd for team" cc
Ponder just breathed a sigh of relief
PERFECT. And broke back mountain and maybe some Harry potter!!
Can't Sleep ;0 & I Have A Soccer Game I'n The Morning -_-
What is going on this week! Tons!! Come down for a stroll through EA and check out those exhibitions you missed on FF
And to blossom-scented fresh air breezing through the windows. RT : <U+2665> To sun shining, birds singing & spring in our steps! <U+2665>
Sad day, my bf isn't here :(
studying blows
I love Joe...but you can't accomplish anything with dropped balls and missed targets. #ExecuteMyGenius =
did you make it to Specs?
come to play with me in buffalo
Can we see a pic of the dress
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)35
you played great sir... it was an honor to be on the sidelines with you
Are you ok dear, I am sorry for those that lost family in the earthquake. My prayers go out to them.
Y Do I Still Feel Lik Dis
I was just on my feet for 6 hours. Yes, I'm tired.
Oh wow... he's cool!
#NowPlaying ”You are on our side” by
=) thank you
About to watch my recording of :) #EXCITED! Had class so couldn't watch it live. :/
I don't get why everyone wants to come to Florida. Honestly it's not that amazing here. It's pretty stupid actually -.-
Easy win for
#NowFollowing (: You should deffinitly go follow him and he will #FollowBack (:
Let's go Seth just need a single to H in! #rockies v
concert tomorrow with and Courtney!!!! So excited!<333333
Giggle giggle giggle giggle giggle, yeah!
The immaturity level of some of the freshman is astounding. You guys need to grow up. Fast.
Started laundry at 7am this morning. Just finished drying it.
Hey How are things going?!
Welcome back to ! Hope everyone had a fun and exiting spring break!
Christian<U+2260>American, just in case that isn't clear to anyone. Both labels need to be reimagined.
So much drama, lol. Is it really necessary?
got a meeting at 3 and dont kno where it is smh
Homemade green juice for breakfast, Bonegarden quesadilla for lunch. Same same, right?
maybe i just don't like singing.
Put it down on me.
I won't be able to get the time off of work that fast. I was thinking maybe CMA Fest, but you're probably working it, right?
Heading to to get my #blackjack on (thanks btw for the follow guys!)
U wanna do something follow me n read everything that I have said....is crazy
I'll always be here even if I don't tweet :)
omg you read it?? have you seen the cover as well? the whole story is hidden from the world until it's... time
brownish red...:/
I think so; they will also have a kid in this year's draft from SIU
I tried to not dislike her but it just didn't work out
Anyone on Gentlemint? I'm still waiting for my login to the manly , better go hit the barbershop, the gym, and the bar!
u shoulda told me u didn't have a phone and you shoulda emailed me not tweeted I been 2 busy 2 check twitter
Mock the behavior, not the object. Bigfoot is just an implementation detail.
RT hash tag that name if you are referring it in any context . U shoulda came Fitzy
Hey everybody go follow please, you wont regret it,!
I confess that I'm quite a news junkie, but those questions seemed easy for anyone who pays any attention at all.
Ugh is it Monday already?!
(well..really I just wanted to sing & dance like her on a rooftop wearing a frilly purple dress :)
Viva la Healthcare Summit!
I think we should set it up at your pad
We really enjoyed the "Petoskey Stone" video.
Never got it to work on the phone but works fine on the ageing lappy that works as my TV.
Oh come G.Clooney, good-looks can't make up for a lack of common sense!
Must have a plan in order to move forward
Hope you had a great night.
Some people obviously didn't check the weather report this morning...
Only two weeks till Jesus Christ Superstar & Midsummer Nights Dream Auditions 1-4pm @ CSV Cultural Center 107 Suffolk St ,NYC! ages 12-21
Well it'd be about an eight hour audiobook! My kids could handle that (if I had kids that is...)
lol you won't say nothin to nobody though <U+E056><U+E405><U+E409><U+E420>
The Down and Over Pub is up at Licenses Committee...could b an interesting one
I love ice ... 4 Twine, 2 flip, 5 swallows and I at school: D
can't wait to get back to Germany.10 months in the US were awesome but I miss my country.
People are on social media to talk to other people - Charles Porch
im not.
had a ball...
Thank you so much for the #FF love.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook people who kill your STREAM cause whatever they think to say so doesn't go with your post or picture! #WHY ?
<333 aww fer sure but fer real man we got 7 weeks!
My hubby gave 20 yrs of his life w/NO rights to organize, or even speak his mind. Be cautious about dividing Left & Right.
"I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze Magazine!"
We haven't even settled on the phonetic spelling of the Law & Order sound, Louis! First things first.
send me some music g
Thanks for the follow Go Pack
So at american jewelry loan Lmaoo thiss ppl look mad ass fuck !
Good to see attacking the basket & finishing. is our toughest kid & cleans the glass. Will replace Robert Evans.
Just got ice cream from the ice cream truck.!:D<3
nice!rya meet for a brew
I hate it when people call me a spoiled brat. I'm not a brat. I work hard, and I reward myself for it. Get your facts straight
today is just a day of non-stop crying. fuck.
How are you today, Sharon? Any thoughts on "Victor & Sharon" being Lovers & a Couple on "Y&R"?
Let's make these last few weeks count
plus she have a bf so I stopped
Tonight's #Brewers Tavern of the Game - Doolittle's Pub & Eatery in Lancaster (birthplace of my mom!) The town, not the pub.
#NationalBeverageDay and I'm on my 2nd cup of coffee.
#BieberOnTheVoice It's about time for us girls to lose our ovaries, who needs them anyways?!?!?!
Dude, when is AZ in your schedule?
I'm working that's why I'm here
#chargers picking up where they left off last year in special teams... Kick return on them for touchdown on opening kickoff
Doing my hw for Mock Interview.
she hasn't been G'd out a day in her life.
I like the way i dress i dont care if it doesnt fit anyones standards
missing dat chocolate where u @?
did you tweet today
Ugh your such a cutie pie C':
All I could think for the last 20 minutes of the call every time this jokah opened his mouf: #WhyIzYouHollarin' Simmah down.
If we break up or stop talkin and you tell me we can't be friends then you and your number gets deleted out my life and phone
oh dammit you retweeted my horrible apostrophe transgression. fist shake.
On today's agenda: formulating an all-natural body scrub + fine tuning the hair conditioner formula. What fun! Lol!
follow me!<U+2665>
I am gay. And I am for marriage equality.
I need a life coach to tell me what to do with my life. Not career wise... But personal wise!! Ugh!!!
Need you by travie mccoy is so.. amazing.
At #ranchobernardo Hats Off to Volunteers, where will be thanking hundreds of volunteers for making RB a great community.
GRCH proudly announces Walter’s on Washington (4215 Washington Ave) as the venue for our end of camp live music showcase.
Does Tim Tebow play baseball?
RT : Don't include IT on your permanent content governance board.
AW READY KINFOLK THAT'S THE BIZ WILL BE TOUCHING DOWN SOON
might pick up that st Vincent single. Maybe some t Rex and uncle tupelo
This moment right now is pretty fucking close to perfect'
Get YOUR TAN ON! Wear green and get 17% OFF your purchase today only! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $55! MEMBERSHIP and LOTION specials too!
my parents piss me off to feelin is mutual girl !
Yes! Fashion reference, love it.
The candid logic behind Greg Oden's nude pic policy continues to amuse me, even two days after I read it. So shruglife about it.
Never outsource more than 90% of your offshore production.
Good morning to you too. Have a prosperous week..look forward to tweeting with you....ciao bella
Iowa's defense is terrible. NIU's QB has toms of time. staring down his targets, scrambling and moving the 2 min drill with ease
thanks love :)
Happy St.Patrick's Day guys! I'm not wearing green :p
no better way to spend a Wednesday morning.
What did I do before having a smarty phone while I was waiting in line at Disneyland as a kid?
wow ok -__-
STOP already w/ the terrible music you are forcing those adorable children to listen to.
what class are you in right now?
#8 mile, always a winner, no matter how mamy times ivr seen it c:
Stop tweeting and work!
Still pissed i did not see before she left ... but its all my fault
We are opting into Big Brother now (with our social interactions).
Really wish I could be golfing right now with but work has to ruin everything.
nigga tell em they dnt offer the program ur tryna do and even if you did, you would have to transfer after two years
thx for the heads up! We luv hearing stuff like this. Which Shawn deserves this hug? His last name/ can you tell me more abt him?
Bad news: only 1 of 3 students showed up today for class. Good news: focused teaching for that 1 student's needs. Lemons = Lemonaded.
Great evening at Coors thanks to Cargo and Smith and the Rockies.
Everyone gotta break down once in a while... I'm just glad I got an amazing person to listen to all of it.
if i did a cover of the apple tree and sent you the link, would you watch it? :)
Working on developing a new energy bar....filled with protein, fruit and vitamins. Tastes really good...just need to give it a name now.
So I got an email from the Huffington Post, the UNM frat boy death story is going on national news
So happy!!!
well okay then...
With so many reality shows being picked up, I'm really missing shows like #NipTuck these days.
I recall a service "boxed facts" that was a great resource when looking to add a little meat to a proposals. Can't find it now. Ideas?
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life. Aphra Behn
agreed she is great!!
I'm quite a chauvinistic person,
Wouldn't change this for the world. Can't wait till next weekend.
Notice me?
"@ your library" program at IFLA. Learn what Argentina, Taiwan and Barbados are doing to promote libraries. Rm 209, 16:00-18:00
Cant wait ; Starting U4ria dance soon! :D
I like Rap diss tracks..... N.W.A vs Ice Cube !
This--> Q4 Learning new things every day!
good morning and good nite for some as well... i hope your day/slumber does ya good!
yes! lets do it soon, before jets off west! cc et al
i didnt hear about it on news, sorry to hear!
shouldn't that be "about to beef"?
Shootingthe w/ whole WE THE BEST TEAM .. U better know who I'm talkin about =) in the building
Talk is cheap brah.. get a refund.
follow my new page thx
and dont forget my money
I'd be happy to put together a proposal (or make the calls) if there's enough interest.
Cardio time w/ my mother!!... Aka Shopping! :)
The comments on said article rightly called out the author for being a moron who doesn't pay attention and is years behind the rest of us.
Kickoff of the 2011 college football season this weekend. Boise St. and Georgia is what I'm watching tomorrow. Georgia upset baby!
each of them will perform together
that how the line was yesterday when i went 2 go see them but dont worry its tottally worth the wait the show was amazing!
I'll go kayaking - when?
Mi phone so lonely! >.<
hollie is safe again after every night she is in the bottom. #idol What a joke.
Yes sir
will you come to chicago some time? follow me? mention me in a tweet? itd mean the world to me!!! #thanksily!!!
Someone said happy mother's day to me when I had my sister with me. the fuckkk.
Seriously. It was a significant effort.
Watching the Vampire Diaries Yay then Degrassi then some sleep :) then early morning Angel and Charmed :)
Making an STM Website
YEAH! Where you guys at? #SWMadison finishes tomorrow !
Guy @ the gym oiling up b4 his workout and now he's leaving oil stains on every piece of equipment. Seriously. I'm going to call him "BP"
respect the
Any RObotz ready for a contest? How about Roshons Autograph? Follow and RT this to enter! & We will make sure you are following us!
We have various designers in our lobby right now selling jewlery, accessories, handbags and photgraphy. Come check it out!
Shake It Up!
so who's excited for #Bamboozle this year? I want to go but I might be graduating that day
Funny thing is I was 30 minutes slower than the fastest guy in the field!!!
Many thanks! Just started Twitter acct w Fairgrounds Resale.
Haha, love it!! and ditto... RT Everybody, holla at my friend !! :)
And how will the Heat handle it when the Spurs take away LeBron and/or Wade?
> i have the money, she needs to do it.
Thank you for the mention of ISE!
I love the site :) I guess it has been a while. Hm, going to write you down to remember to check in regular-like
"fuck ur dreams, this is reality!" - George W. Bush
Congrats to Jeff Fitts - BassRanking #1 Fisherman in Florida. ( and long time Jethro Pro Staff Angler) Way to go Jeff !
Have a great weekend, Everyone. We'll be back on Monday.
My life isnt easy, stop telling me im so lucky for what i have when theres no one who cares enough to listen .
Don't be so afraid to die!
For Tweet-a-Pitch: Tweet using #TriDPitch - editors follow thread & request full submissions as warranted.
What is one decision you could make that would change your life for the better?
aloha thx for the info! Hard to plan a trip to snow while in HI! :-)
hahaha. No you haven't done anything to deserve it, that's just me being a douche haha.
With our cartoblast unit you can clean your cartomizers within seconds. Works great with all sizes and all e-cigs
Let go and let god handle it
Nice...and true.
And finally: Your analysis & writing are sharp, &smart, &funny. Commit to trying to do at least one 500-700 word thing a day
This NFL Pro Bowl is a joke! Half ass running, this is way worse than the NHL All-Star game.
Only in NASHVILLE!
I love date night. You sit around toasting yourself for having the good sense to have paired up with each other and then there's cake.
just spent almost $100 on books for school & my own personal edification. sad about the amount but happy about the product.
"There is only one secret to #CrisisComm, always be prepared." - David Marriott on the accident of 2000.
Hate people who choose
me too where are you :(?
Tomorrow I'll be making a guest appearance at the Grand Ave Lounge...
got some where to be in like 4 hours but if i lay down now....lets just say
Bango has nicer handles ": Fields had a good first half but has gotten a little deer-in-the-headlights-y."
Sad. Hope you feel better. RT : Sick in a hotel room.
story of my life! RT“: Why is it that when i wake up early, im late, but when i wake up late, im on time? #?”
bieber or the other one?
That is one of the creepiest things I've ever seen! Also, were they using some of the oldest computer technology out there?!
Cloudsnapathon today with and at
and i slay metronomes hahahah
we'll fly till there is no wind :)
can you help me?
A heartfelt thanks to our new followers.
There is honestly nothing better in the world than Hostess mini donuts.
have to reschedule tues. meeting will run to 6ish :o( do you have dinner plans? otherwise, another day.
Juan Uribe is placed on the DL for 15 games with a sore wrist.
This Wednesday outside the Brown Garden come chill out with icees and iced coffe, 3-5. Or just enjoy a regular cup of joe, we have it all!
Oh no my laptop just restarted
Q. What do you call a lawyer with an I.Q. of 50? A. A Senator.
So hot, can't wait to be in AC office....can't believe I'm saying that!
: Thanks for the RT last night!
Presentation planning: think first, create slides second. If you fail to prepare, prepare to fail. SIMPLIFY!
missing my baby
#Breaking: give all clear at Cleveland HS in SE Portland after a bomb threat. No device found. Students are back in class.
Time to pour out a 40 oz. of skim milk for the Rick #Santorum presidential campaign.
Apparently I've been awake so long that I can't read the program.
Don't Forget About Us <3
When inventing new words, beware of autocorrect. The name of a conf I attended this week was corrected twice - 1st by iPhone, then by google
LOVE IT - makes me excited for the full release! :-)
Forest whitaker in dis movie wit some braids o_0... him and samuel l jackson jus get too adventurous wit they hairstyles
I'm too sleepy. Waitin on these ppl to get the hell outta here. They messin with my rest
Oh yeah. I pull it out to look at right before the weekly stoning.
sometimes the most profound touch you can feel, requires no touch at all: the lingering of a past touch, the longing for a new one. -TTW
you have way too many pairs of sneakers ! Lol
yeah, yeah, realized my error moments ago... working toward correcting it!
not saying they played well at the end, they sucked, but it's one game
thank u!! I'm so excited about it!!
That dog thing in the hunger games scared the living shit out of me..
Mention that you saw us on Twitter, and you can save 15 percent off your pet door with us!
will regift/return depending if I think its regiftable but I had hubbys grandma give his mom our gift to her the following year
Welcome back, Josh Brown!
#thingsigottateachmyson being male is not an excuse for using violence
how have you been?
you dont need to thank me. I am also part of it. but im glad i bought it. now you have it back :D
I need another good black boy band to pop up.
www.mikedote.com . Let me know what you think.
Who ya got today - Reds or Blues?
i feel like Warren Jeffs with my fantasy teams
one thing to remember is it was never designed to do what it is currently being asked to do
I feel like the FB statuses about marathons/races people are running are becoming as annoying as statuses about people's children.
Love all of the vintage fashion images!
It doesn’t matter if you try and try and try again, and fail, It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
Just make sure they don't confiscate your passport. ;)
"I hate when someone takes a picture & you're a man!"
This exatcly what i need.xD
When did they change the layout of twitter?
Thank you. And yes, scary is the word.
This is going to be a tough
I walk into a room and I see watching #CallMeMaybeVideo haha I got her addicted
heyy i followed! :)
Nice! What tool(s) did you use? ^RB
Hey #REDSOX FANS! We're the official Hotel & offering U exclusive 20% off rates when in #Boston for the #baseball game at
man i had fun as shyt this weekend with my niggaass wild as shyt
lol, I know some people think he is talented but some people also like nickelback
I WANT to owe you a chat!!!
I'm looking forward to getting to know all you fantastic artists out there.
going shooping lets see what crazzy things ill buy!!!!!!
I posted the picture on your fb wall :)
Haha, please thank him for the laugh!
"Reality TV just birthed a reality monster."
im sorry i cant do that
I got the email. Best news all day, hyped for it.
It's been said that to forgive is to set a prisoner free...only to discover the prisoner is YOU!
Just met the Vanderpumps.
You guys are the cutest!! #RaddonFamilyRocks RT : “: I'm a mom ninja” YES U R! Love you, see you soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It's true, no one ever payed attention to Tina.
Dang. How would you feel if you were guilty of killing a legend?
no idea. Have seen some say they used it as early as 2001, now seems to be experiencing a resurgence.
What are they cosplaying? RT : We'll be hosting our first #cosplay #wedding this week! Very exciting :D
Just learned a great word.
now we just need a Portlandia "I'd Eat It" video.
But ill admit I kinda like it still. #whydoyouhavetobesofine ?
Is it just me or are Burbank Starbucks the date spots of the valley?
You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
better get ready to open his wallet lol
Hi miss u so MUCHH ! xx
I've had a picture of him at my desk ever since.
Access anywhere, anytime forcing the exposure of login forms to the outside world + most people use the same password. = Disaster.
I love to dance.
it's a drinking meeting
Taken away on stretcher. RT : Anyone see what happened to the fan at Rockies-Giants game?
A week of GOD-SIZED things happened this wk in Haiti...now back in Nashville to see my AMAZING FAMILY, RECHARGE & head back 2 Haiti nxt wk!
NOW I'm hittin the sack. Night. <U+2665>
Pineapple Express or A walk to Remember? Tough decisions on TV tonight...
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 3
The internet delivers. RT Henry Denham!
I propose - just for 2012 - that if the get the lead in any game, they automatically win
time Howard had 1 Goal and 1 assist this season, Liverpool should buy him
Yup, he owes it all the NF. :P Wow, you have it on BR? I still only have it on vintage VCR....I think i'm the only person in the
My kiddo rode her bike 3 miles today -- can't say that the allure of treats at Sticky Fingers vegan bakery wasn't motivation! :)
yes...but im changing it back...i just dont think I look good in it. But its me and cam soo...
Its a sabotage love
I licked my fingers and ate the plagues.
Actually typed a couple a pages of creative writing! Seems like more, must be like 4 written. :)
How do u make several photos into one on instagram??
"Playing a different show every night in front of a new crowd." Gotta fall asleep to 's voice, or I just won't sleep..
#ifiwereu i would think before i speak
most guys say hey u see da game? Not did u see #hotincleveland? I'm a let u tell me about it tho. Peace n luv homie I aint judging
AH-MAZE-ING nite w and at Apple Store Lincoln Park. I have some pretty damn awesome women in my life.
word, is macys having a sale?
~ 8 Shopping Days till my B-Day. Just sayin'. lol
"Believe it can be done. When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it. Believing a solutio
yo touring stl? check out lemp mansion..pan fried chicken..pirrones pizza.. forest park(jewelbox)...cathedral
About to work out.. I want a hot body for warped. c:
#mudmelt Kehoss works with graphene-graphite that is one atom thick...I think!
do you mean TopShop? We have that over in Scotland, its has really nice stuff!
I was thinking the same thing. Wash tub cookie house paper eggnog bags.
"Serving visitors' needs is more powerful marketing than any billboard or ad" So true
Fuck I'm turning into my parent's
will check DM in a few.
Its black af outside. Im scared lol
"daddy dont forget to pay my speeding ticket!"
GOTTA DO THE HEALTHY THING, HOW R U DOIN STRANGER..... NO LOVE NO MORE ?
Welcome to Seattle!! We're so happy to have you!! :)
Jamal for 295. 1 yard is no real difference
~ I will never b able to watch a fancy feast comericial again with out lmao thinking about this tweet
wow, Floyd wins in incredible fashion!
would love to!!! So glad i got to hear you :) beautiful songs and killer voice!!!
my circle aint as big as you think rank crazy but i still can count all my friends in 1 hand ! # trueshit
This feels like Monday - big time.... Gonna need 6 Starbucks today
ah gotcha, i've got two siblings too and went through that a bit several times when they were being interesting and i wasn't
Love Phillip Phillips Sr.! Love a man who gets emotional about his children and not afraid to show it. A great family!
“If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.” -Japanese proverb
Indians beat the Angels today, GoT didn't completely suck, and now I get to watch Mad Men. All in all, I say "win."
I keep asking questions so my points are dropping like flies. I'm around 80 or something
I Toatally Agree With You On That...But Do You Remember Me From "Kevin Hart Walmart In Dallas"?
Just woke up in a great mood... then realized I had to work in an hour
USC Columbia lib checks bags, but only the pocket that patron says has books. No bag check of you leave w/ books in hand, not bag.
My daughter won't believe me if I tell her you're following me.
Merry christmas eve to everyone
So many changes in the next two weeks. eek!
is this"convo" w Dimon on MTP a casual sitdown in lounge chairs? Wonder whose idea
Why are heads of file sharing companies held personally accountable for company crimes but heads of the oil companies or banks aren't?
Laying in bed watchin shahs of sunset
Looking to secure that first softball W tonight.
Hope I get to school by 12 so I can take this dumb AP test.
You like?
RT Friends r a joy live. Back in May. Threw berries, danced, have serious ideas abt fun, I'm His Girl's a tune.
I want to be the best I can. I want to be the best in who I am. And I'm gonna strive to be that no matter what.
The Dawgs take the floor vs. Oregon tonight at 6PM as the other tournament rolls on.
Q2: I haven't gotten much weird schwag in my short running history, but it has been fun giving away Go Sport IDs at a few events
Is there any way to stream the 3000m SC coming up in about an hour?
Worst lunch ever today! Avoid The Jungle Mexican Buffet on Powell in PDX. Nasty Fail food. Hope I don't get sick!
Bali is great, but you have to go inland to Ubud and other regions. Also hit up Gili Islands off of Lombok...
Gonna try being "guest hosts" at our club tomorrow night. That will be fun!
I want a Banana
If I see one more mesothelioma commercial I'm gonna be hysterical
Like i said the old Vince Carter would of dunked that lol.
a kim stan they didn't have nothing to say! They know nicki whack and had nothing to say to defend her
Happy Dia de Accion de Gracias... Thanksgiving for the English speakers
watching UK and LSU takes me back to panama city an
Baltimore Businesses, here's a great way to celebrate upcoming Earth Day, sign up for Clean Your Files Day for Businesses call 410-396-4511
how can I get Tricoci code sent to cell. Tried, but no luck. keeps sending toys/books coupon. Do I provide code at my visit
I love being a rebel!
[Psa18:1-3]FatherGod by LordChrist is our rock/fortress/deliverer/strength/buckler/salvation/high tower, in whom we trust & praise & call on
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Jimmy Eat Pancake, A Perfect Pancake, A Pancake To Remember LOL
I love people who can make me laugh when I don't even want to smile.
Woo hoo! Printable Evanced calendars are possible in Drupal.
Absolutely Brian! Def a trip down memory lane for all of us diehard #Blazer fans.
#Boston Tweet with your city’s hashtag here to help unlock the #Battleship screening!
I have a hangover from studying last night
Marriage, five minutes to get in and a LIFETIME to get out of! Ugh!!!
I witnessed a friend reading Ulysses and I decided that my hashtag might be #ulyssesin2011 if I'm lucky.
wow, you are going to get very, very fit!
My mom definitely just told me "Thanks for a great Christmas."
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Glass Tits
When we go on vacation, the biggest expense that we have after airfare is what we pay for accommodations
Can't wait til my wifey makes me dinner.
happy to introduce you to the crew! Next mixer
GifBoom isn't letting me make gifs...it won't load my videos
I want bbq chicken this summer :) hook me up
Anyone else's feet killing them?!
1. Depends what type of AK-47, 2. Grab the muzzle of the rifle and raise up, 3. Punch man in nose to disorient him, 4. Shoot.
You bet! Very cool share :)
Done with classes for 2010! This is weird!
Today's my grandmas birthday , I'm chillin w/ my Auntie & Uncle . This is #TheHomieCrew (;
Im so glad to be back. Being in arkansas was the worst experience of my life.
It's not too late - registration is still open for the Irvington Pub Crawl - Sat, July 30. Who's oining me?
Yay for taking care of our company members!
You're on.
Just Plain Nuts :)
Hmm ok not too long. What do mean by 'tough'? I thought u believe I'm stubborn+tough too? Never mind...
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. ~Einstein
turn on NFL network... our Superbowl highlights coming up next.. I have butterflies! lol!
Working. Then off ! Hope the weather stays fair!
Change of plans. They're going with a repeat show. Catch me live on the Armstrong Williams Show next week.
boom goes the dynamite, thank you.
Just confused and frustrated
Less than 2 weeks out until #LMA12. Looking forward to it. Check out the mobi before, during & after for news & info.
And if you ever looking for something to do in AZ shoot me a tweet.
Make sure 2 catch us live 2morro @ auraria campus 4 the Cinco De Mayo celebration w a special guest whos name starts wit R comin w us
RT THIS IF YOU LOVE DOCTOR BIEBER
coders are equivelent of medieval professional scribes?
Brendon and I are packing are stuff now so we can hit the rode at 7am
Nap or write, write or nap... hm....
Frying is delicious, but so is grilling with a touch of smoke and finishing in buttered wing sauce (+less mess). That's my plan.
yeah that fine =)
apparently so.
Certainly you can use ISBN's. We are not now participating in traditional distribution channels. MiniBük authors are in Amazon.
. in! will be recording upstairs. wave hello in between all of the fantastic-ness. shout out 2 4 being taper-friendly.
Sorry, but the minute you launch a "keep team X's fans out of our building" campaign, you are officially labeling your fanbase as pathetic.
Had a strange \ fun dream <U+2661>
Sharks out. Merc headline tomorrow: The Blues Know the Way to Beat San Jose?
Advice to talking to vets: Don't ask "How many people did you kill?" #NECIRvets It's not going to get you anywhere
Joe...come on, great way to get in vitamins! ;) especially antioxidants.. Have a great day sweetie!
Yeah. Like this one picture Justin was looking STRAIGHT at the camera!! I was like wtf?
Love, Hope, Faith, God, Jesus. The five things that keep me on my feet, alive and well. Always and Forever.
u think I should get grilled cheese?
#SocialMediaTip: Work on your offline relationships as much as your online ones. Show you're hard to forget b/c you're persistent.
Done, and Done doll face!! :))<3
*TRAFFIC* Box 23-5 W Centre St & N Howard St, Downtown; Auto accident.
POURING in PB!
Pizza and Sierra Mist with (; <3 #Scrubbin'
so that moment when Wont Follow you :( okay nick . i see how it is :(
Great deal by Spielman & the #Vikings! Still get the guy they want & additional picks.
i cant wait til next week on the edge of my seat
Today was a good day c:
except, surely, the dimsum. there is bad dimsum, but there is more often good dimsum. and sometimes very very good dimsum.
love nick cage movies
Looks like a sunny weekend coming up in #Seattle. Parks make a great place to read a good book. Grab one and get outside.
Minneapolis, you're now on the clock.
HEY! Thanks, Jennifer! Appreciate the plug. Hope that all is well with you and yours.
Just bought a new pocket camcorder, a Sony Bloggie Touch, my old one recorded with an Apple extension, making it hard to edit.
Howard Jones speaking on Lincoln's diplomatic craft at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum in Springfield
Cool, there's a horse race on TV... next channel.
over 400 children are diagnosed every day with PVD. Do your part to help and go to Disneyland with me.
RT : Thanks 4 speaking uncomfortable truth abt so many "gifted ed" programs. Why do schools...
Court is as empty as it's been since #DiMasi trial began. Defendants/Attorneys in rapt silence poring over proposed jury instructions.
Girls. You never know what they’re going to think.
Every week an est. 42,000 people die from diseases related to poor quality drinking water with 90% of them occurring in children under 5.
Being constipated is frustrating on many levels. Those levels specifically are the small intestine, large intestine and the colon.
I'm def getting more toned.
been working for 7 days and tmrw will be 8 ( im a slave for hair)
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
That's why we're in one ;)
#CivilWar Camps under Hooker "Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL, AMAZON/KINDLE $2.99
Yowza, today was a day.
I can buy my gloves for lighting tomorrow
Excited about to start our successful EURO NIGHT @ EAST tonight! The venue looks great <3 So many people coming!
14 hours long and rainy. Don't forget rainy. :-(
I know and love it, too.
very.. VERY streaky hitter..
Love and gratitude....
Yes it can, depending on the state's attorney who reviews it. It should also negate a self-defense or mutual combat claim
Your greatest strengths can also be weaknesses - use different skills for different situations. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
This will subside within a few hours. After treatment, the skin near the keloid may remain slightly sensitive to the touch for a few days
At Everglades Stop Shark Valley. Sun is shining, it's beautiful.
I miss talking to :/ she never talks to me anymorre!
Read What You Write
Approx 1.4 million US kids under 18 years old begin smoking cigarettes each year!
Les Kuller, an unemployed construction worker who got in line at 5:30am, lost his health insurance when his wife passed away two years ago.
we have a surprise for you all in a few minutes....
#DemiOrBrit? Not even a realistic question. Britney, no contest.
Amen. MT : May 2012 bring less talk of media literacy training for the community & more community literacy training for the media.
Brand strategy doesn't float so stop comparing it to the Empire State building.
Good morning. Omw to school. -_-
...You want to be considered the only one who does what you do." -Jerry Garcia
Spent a gorgeous day partially outside in the sun and at the RIHPHC conference. (Rhode Island Historical Preservation & Heritage Commission)
Saw a guy riding a Segway to work on the morning commute today.
Time waisted.....?..find a new project!
OK this so-called "little break" can come to an end. I need to see and hold my babies NOW!
I was either born to be Mexican or Jamaican...some how I ended up African American, nevertheless I'm #WASTED!!!!
me equiboque:s
Ellen DeGeneres just gave $50,000 on her show. Thank you Ellen!
Yesterday a coworker introduced me to the not pr0n online puzzle and it has taken over my brain.
u r so critical!But I've got ur point!good job
o alrght k ill tell her
Wild Thursdays is the only place to be!!!
#Monday Mention great grp of musician’s events planners Spread the Luv
- I am still v. dizzy, i have Fibromyalgia, my balance is v affected when the weather changes, so i thought 'as usual, just me!'
Tl just died...
RT starting today! first three followers to retweet our Mom's Rules win a giveaway! Happy #Mother'sDay
Leggings are not pants.
Oh my gosh is beautiful<3
I'm gonna miss you today! Next weekend we ARE hanging out to complete mission fire.
This sounds like a bad Steven Seagal movie that I need to see. Is Powers Boothe the bad guy?! MT : Combination Train - On The Move
has the most adorable kids. so great that he includes them in his community engagement
Pure Environmental Solutions Now Offers Biosweep for Odor Removal and Indoor Air Quality Restoration
37 years ago Derek Fisher was born. 37 years ago that pick and roll was just as beautiful.
Uh-oh. What's your middle name?
I reread the gospels a few yrs ago and I totally stuck on those verses - I mean, what else could they mean?
Caught a screening of #21JumpStreet and it was surprisingly really funny! Great cameo by a special somebody too -- rhymes with monny kepp.
Best del taco ever!
oh god the towel
when #oomf hits up my dm he so sweet nd polite, but is very reckless when he tweets...which one is really him???
Producers Looking 4 Raw Beats For Cheap Follow Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I'm just wondering when they will have the nerve to report juniors death.. its on NBC local. CBS local. La times confirms WTF?
there's some concern with my IT group regarding what data do you synchronize "in the cloud". Could you clarify? more specifically
Dish sucks thanks wwe
you talking bout heads! You know yours isn't the smallest lol
oh cool movin there?
Holy shit, Lisa is tanked. Retweet if you saw that shit tonight, haha.
U don't work, u don't eat!
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Is it possible that my 16-month old is stronger than me?
wanna say I LUV U!!!
me too!!
I just got an e-mail today saying you're just now following us. And again, I'm surprised you're responding...
actually I HAVE TO have my hair thinned......funny because half the world would give their left arm for my problem LOL
forgot how good it feels to get a brand new cd... with the actual lyrics in the book sleeve
That sounds like a hashtag the CDC would strongly oppose. :)
dating because we are kissing a lot & holding hands. But, the mall was supposed to be closed & we got trapped in there (c)
my mum will probally make me
got tweeted by whataburger...
BACON! Beyond that, no preference. ;)
I think paintings are time machines
Feels good not to care #officiallydone I should've paid more attention
I wish I could hit the snooze alarm on the weekend and extend it another day or so.
Men are not prisoner's of fate, but prisoner's of their own mind.
guess what song I'm listening to :)
#Nonprofits, dry your eyes and watch Jimmie Fallon and Brian Williams slow jam the news about super pacs. Hilarious!
Constantly pausing the DVR on shots of the Draper apartment so I can soak up the ambiance.
how do you get over a death?
We still need to hook up for a story for ! Contact me at (not .com)!
wait, what? I sent it to you already. You didn't get it?
ahhaaha yeah... I am lol I love helping people, meeting new people and seeing impacts I can make.
I think Oxford could field a team, and the Sorbonne. Brown would love a chance, but they don't meet our standards.
Come on Giants WTF?
Do you want to change the world? If you say no, there's a problem. Large or small, you are here to change the world.
you need to share a locker with someone next year so I can see you more. Cuz you'd be in the other hallway :(
thought about his parents and how his family was allowed to be as they wished, unlike the people he reported on.
#FF Alphabet Twitter
a bit on the nose with that one, don't you think?
OMG SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! YAYAYAY YOU HAVEN'T WROTE IN FOREVER GIRL
- Less than 48hrs until 2011 Shoot To Cure Event. Can't wait ;)
I had a great time meeting with the Henry County Democrats in New Castle on Saturday. Please join us on facebook www.LaneForCongress.com
i miss you (:
5 missing assignments in history? :o wuuuuuuuuut
I have a lot of really great friends I would start a libertarian utopia country with, see also my former employer
Well at least this week is starting out better than last week. Still crazy busy, but not quite so many obstacles.
Insight: Time running out for Ally Financial's restructuring - Chicago Tribune
It's gonna hurt good today. My busy work schedule has kept me away from beastmode for some time now. But, we're back in business!
What we give our attention to – stays with us and what we let go of – will let go of us.
miss you too!
nice #winning smile :D
hahaaahah nah Agnotic is basically not giving a fuck if he is real or not :P
Yes! The app has been completed and should be released very soon, as in days!
Who headbutts someone? That's basically the most pussiest thing ever. Step below kicking.
<------ New followers!!!! I feel like without the great hair
Lord Help me I can't take this no more. Depression need to leave me. I feel lost. I need my life back. Help me with your prayers.
Amazon just suggested we purchase Fifty Shades of Grey. Hello, Amazon. Have we met?
umm just seeing this drama, what the...
ah ok. glad to know you're ok!
Thanks JB RT Helping w NY Turing program (bringing undergrad tech talent to NYC). These students are super smart /via
Poor headband.....
Attending session "Interchange Zero": the theory that the cost of moving money will eventually be zero--everywhere.
I'm not bitter, but for the sake of efficiency, Purdue needs a better way to judge whether the foreign students can speak English or not.
Miss you guys! Been out of touch prepping for trial
trunk to get tatted finite Wat to get real quick?
Snow already!!!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE YA AT? :)
And it crashed just as I tweeted that... Of course.
u were going to cheat and draw one. That is funny love the heart lol
BARF. RT My friend Christopher Hitchens has died. I loved & prayed for him constantly & grieve his loss. He knows the Truth now.
Out with my girls <U+E312>
#1Dfact Liam says his accent is all of the boys mixed together cause he spends so much time with them.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Say hi. :)
A friend wants an EVI. Know where there's one available?
Just kidding:)
It took Ron Paul more than 15 years to deny writing those newsletters, despite being asked about them over course
yo you tryin to meet up when i get back from st louis to plan some stuff out?
Hey i know that kid! Doesn't he go to our school? Haha jk!
"I love you bud. And you're my superman."
Awwe! I'm sorry :/ Why are you always sick :/
This turned out to be a beautiful weekend for sitting inside and indexing Honolulu residents in the
my major relationship is with my bed. i try to leave it and it goes, "but i miss you already!," and i'm like, oh, ok, i'll go back to you.
RT : Is this discussion worth having before evry kid has has access to high speed, reliable Internet? #edchat , my thoughts 2
I'm so hungry I just might
They could care less about you as a person thats trying to provide for her family!! #VeryFrustratedTweet :[
sad. Dif note: guy on elevator named Andy looked like andy samberg, which probably became a positive once samberg became famous
lol totally agree so glad my son stopped watching that show
My mom would claim that Clooney counts as an American Masterpiece.
Yeah, I was so glad Cora didn't go along with her this time. It's worked my nerves how Cora has been her puppet lately.
#ows needs to find a unifying goal eventually. I propose getting a law pass stating that corporations are NOT legal persons. rt if u agree
I'm hoping we get to see the JSA again soon.
The art of smile and nod when all you wanted was to punch them in the face
so dreary out -- on a better note -- flyguys tonight!
#patriotgala thank you for supporting and doing the reading of those that serve our country from NC SC
are you actually watching this game? This game just like your laker games are rigged man.
No need to watch today; niners lost , w/b the steelers?
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
Sang at BFMS 35th anniversary festival with Leah Ulansey. Singers, storytellers, dancers, blue sky, and smiling people.
BUT WHY?! RT : I dont do weddings, birthdays, or bar mitzvahs or baptisms,
Adam Sandler & Andy Samberg pure genius #420 "That's my boy" gonna be comedy gold @ the box office $$ Lorne's comedy Jewish sons
I work for Cornell here in DC and getting to Ithaca is difficult, esp. with the USAir-Delta swap of slots LGA-DCA.
News flash to the GOP: Abstinence-only ed DOES NOT WORK.
FOLLOW ME LIZZ(:
I like LOVE Jordan Mark Witzigreuter. He's cool like Jesus.
hi Mark, that was awesome! Thank you for sharing!
Got my annual appeal from the bishop. Patrick: "Honey, your Catholic bill's here!"
No worries, let me know if there's a visit that's not so busy and we can catch-up.
YES SIR
for sure at the gentilly stage on sunday!!
I concur :)
RT : Today is Wellness Tuesday! Save 15% on all health & beauty purchases all day long.
Will you be back to South Lake Union next Wednesday?
your good people I can spare a few hundred as long as your ready to party
Tomorrow morning we will be open at 7 am! Come by and get a delicious Stumptown latte!
RT : A tip for families. Have a technology free day. My family had so much fun 1 day turned into weeks.
Flight is booked :) cali may 5th
LOGO turtle shoutout!
Much like the undead, at dawn we sleep.
A dream is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask......(Scully...X-Files)
Proverbs 25:9 9Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another (KJV)...ALWAYS deal w/ the source.
I know dude... i felt like i aint never played before in my life
It is unpleasant, loaded words. Can he brush it off with his press person? Maybe not.
haha yea it came back on in like 30mins
Teamvic is the Next up for Dreamteam Jan 17th, www.dreamteampromos.com the kid is a straight beast and an even better person!
Pepsi pushing people to &quot;Live For Now&quot;
Thanks for the kudos!!!
That's a good one.
Thanks for the email!
You can't overdose on music.
the link to this profile is the person that was involved in a shooting that took my homie tony duncan's i hope to see him behind bars 4 life
Kimmy u would laugh at that ": HAHAHA RT “: Remember when was pretty? & cute? . . . Yah me neither!”"
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris is my guilty pleasure of the moment.
Hahaha :) I try to kill YOU! xD
chillin B! What's good?
Ha! I was gonna do the quinoa with it, but just dont feel like washing a pot. Lord help me...
editing...editing....
#Firehouse Subs is my new favorite restaurant.
Love going to the dentist at 8 on a saturday -____-
I know we will haha. Me, you and <3
And thanks for yr tweets!
Woo! RT GO PACERS! " vs tonight! homecourt advantage is the difference maker, so come loud and proud.
praying my stomach settles so I can support the at Buck a Bone night tomorrow!
We will be celebrating by spotlighting each of our amazing members!
Just listed Say-N-Play. The site looks great - Congratulations!!!!
Come on the Bolton
and me too
no im not.
NIGGAS UH SPEND THERE RENT AND THERE FLIP MONEY ON A OUTFIT WOW I CAN FUCK A BITCH WITHOUT THAT SHIT REAL SWAG
I'm not convinced Denver's d is for real, SD hangs 28 on em tonight
I messaged a friend of mine who does drag. Hopefully he can point me to my local options.
I am excited for prom this weekend too my sexies. Flawless fierce and fabulous!!!!
i think is cheating on me with
Tonight thread party at Sassafras. Come ck out the new catalog items and the lovely Sassafras boutique. 7-9 pm
I'm a little late! But HAHAHAH. CLIPPERS LOSE BITCHES.
seeing my TL say about Austins tickets going out im just lying here being jealous on whos gonna go
that should be me hahahahaha
I have to take a bus to Queens or get the G train to Carroll Gardens to get into the city tonight!
The call is in, hoping they come through for me, if I have to repair it, I don't think I will feel comfy racing on it.
I'm beyond confused right now but I'm not asking questions.
It's ROSE BOWL day!! Let's Go DUCKS!! It's O-TIME!!!!
Picked the winner at our #KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina.
We're officially up and tweeting! If you have any software questions, concerns, or just want to talk...we're here!
Forgot they still make antennas. Wow lots of free stations and better picture quality than comcast. Cable guy no-show did us a favor.
Just wrapped a great recording session at Bad Animals. www.badanimals.com
We almost have 1,200 twitter followers. =D
i would totally have sex to mike posner's voice.
To be quite honest, I've been very blessed when I've worked with Hollywood. -- Nicholas Sparks
Working on new JJ Abrams pilot in LIC tonite. Yes, I am a 'Person of Interest'. Great day on Blue Bloods yesterday. NYC, it's for me!
More like Syd and Julia... ;)
you're a man who is seriously considering pectoral (boob) implants
Is Bertrand wearing white flip/flops as part of the Coyotes white-out?
looks like, cuz the higher you score you get results of Mostly Noise or Bit of Douchebag I need to work on mine!
Prepping for New Members sneak-peek of my fall exhibition on 1920s Greenwich Village--including the bookshop door with its 238 signatures!
Thanks again , you make some good weather.. RT : From Rob, Morning sun then more clouds. High: 72 but 60s lakeside.
This prom shit zoning me out .
Selena Gomez is the most. Unique amazing. Voice and personality ever she is amazing no wonder Justin bieber. Like loves her she's beautiful
happens to the best of us partiers
Hail, high wind with storm moving into Oilton/Mirando/Bruni. Hebbronville should watch this storm.
LADIES NIGHT. Just like it sounds. Ladies drink free. Bring your bros.
It's a great movie - apart from the friction amongst the band members, it also abounds with the joy of creation.
what are you talking about? Sir
What the hell is wrong with Cameron Diaz? Go easy on the sauce.
aww u see this? thank u
yes we do and we have great pricing speak to Jevante 3472344888
Long week but it's finally Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
use to see what the apts look like before heading there.
Whitney Houston is gone, now how about we get rid of the "whitney" TV show while the name is trending
Fair today! C: and i'm late for school v.v
Thanks for sharing, Tim!
yeah u guys could come with me !! :) idk wat time but yeah
I heart you.
Great. Thanks!
Still feeling under the weather today
Enrique questions pdx light rail economic impact based on surrounding mobility and design. I say transit mall of 5th & 6th fails on both.
On #PghTodayLive at 9 we have the latest fashions and trendiest Valentine's day flower arrangements to share with you! Be sure to tune in!
"So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid, and if you can do it better than me then you do it"
I'm working on it ;)
Yes! Chiefs take Dontari Poe with their #1 pick. This is the guy I wanted.
been on oovoo with for 4 hours, we have no lives.
The decibel of silence is deafening.
Woohoo! Replaced the keyboard ribbon on my MacBook Pro! Finally have my keyboard back :)
wen do u want us to roll over
Salted Vegetables!
A little over a year, shes a tree walker hound lol
People really don't understand how hard it is to be a diva.
Just completed a 3D animated spot for Planet Shark - Australia.
Feeling so very unprepared for class. Which is a real bad thing.
Shocking & disappointing to see so many people show up so late (hr+) for Jury Duty here in Suffolk Co. Come on people.
ill b that lol
get it green for a day!
Missing him already :( but had a really good day with him today.. im lucky to have him :) Goodnight twitter ~*S&T*~
- I really do.
RT : #Breaking a SJSU student was groped this morning at Joe West Hall. <-- Was she at a Frat house ?
hey Lisa - I'd love to connect with you and chat #edtech sometime! :)
I don't believe that's accurate. We're doing a little more than that. And it's costing local taxpayers in DC minimal amount.
Cinco de Mayo: Shrimp tacos with spring onion salsa
you still in Denver?
It was summer just the other day, but Costco is already selling fake Christmas trees. I feel rushed.
Group 7, Citizen Engagement and Neighborhoods: social media personalizes citizen participation and the way people experience...
Arkansas Parks & Arkansas Festivals rocking Rogers Little Theatre.
Playing a FREE show at Brainwash Cafe tomorrow in SF! 7pm! Come on out and hear some of my new songs!
he's here ?! Omg
no problem - enjoyed some kimchi fries + galbi tacos a mug of Cass for lunch. Quite tasty!
Thanks Bill!
oh I hope so.
I am reminded now why I never had a dog before.
a gentlemen never tells.
Omg, can u say "feathered hair", lol
Was at TNA lockdown last week and was disappointed you wasnt there.
love you regardless
t(-__-)t tats
indeed. Words to live by. It's the year of the bird!!!
Jesmyn Ward's reading at Stanford was beautiful. The NBA couldn't have gone to a more talented and humble writer.
This is brilliant. Thank you.
What a fantastic accomplishment! Congrats! RT : Finishing my first Half Marathon!!
So much happiness is floating through the air. I LOVE feeling the need to smile while doing work.
I got cho protein right here.
good luck :)
Thank you for all you do to honor our heroes!
RT : I am ready for the next #teenhoot (:
Interested in a public relations internship this summer? -e-mail us. :)
weridly, it takes some avis'. so pelease. i'll try which ever worrk.
glad I could keep you all entertained!
Haha, that's awesome!
Yes, it was a flash mob.
saw u on mike and molly you and carl r funny together maybe you will get a spin off from this fingers cross : )
Goldilox Hair House...extensions that show more than tell.
Had a great weekend and finished it off with a great service at church. Ready for a great week.
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and others..IFLY
"End of Summer BBQ" Cooking class, 09.14.Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad & Watermelon Gazpacho! $40 pp. Call 404.681.4434.
When tweets I cry a little coz it doesn't go to our Facebook page. Make me smile, go to Comic Nation TV on Facebook and "like" it.
Please do! I need to know right now. RT : I'd like to ask this guy why he has a fake Louis Vuitton wallet.
I apologize for answering the question you asked
Sometimes... I order bloodies just for the toppings. Except by "sometimes," I mean every time.
Bout to lay it down 4da night Thx to my new followers :-)
Damn rain<U+2614>
1st sand volleyball game tonight...hope i don't act a fool!! better set me up!
Beat the snow, come get yourself some hot and sumptuous Indian Buffet, or just get it delivered!
Mayne my grandma dont never txt me no-moe!
and i wouldn't say its absolutely disqualifying, but it raises serious questions about his judgment
Same here, why do you think we never go to bed at normal times and stay up really late doing stuff.
nigga I know.
@ Hard Rock Hollywood. "Beware of the River!" Cash Game Poker Book.Come down to our Poker kiosk and get your Blue Shark Optics...
Hay I'm not fake fan of justin Bieber!!!!!!!!! For a long time I listen to his songs and sang them :-)
No presents yet :((
Wait I NEED Hot Wings.
Me too! RT : I can't believe that I am going to miss the super bowl game..
There 's no crying in weather!
Say Word RT aye I'm more than likely coming home tomorrow y'all
Bingo! RT Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee *this much.*
Any of my UMW friends have campus photos from Snowpocalypse 2010? I need one for my convocation speech tomorrow.
I get enough of that on the interstate.
sweet! More awesome members!
Teenage dream playing in mcDonalds <3
What a great day for American History at
Stay warm! I prefer many many layers of fleece. That is if I have to be outside. Heaters are nice too. Cheers!
Killing hataz softly with my love/ its that crucial killa love/ yeah that cornerboythug/ so what's good what's up
Cirbo was on the news for sleep texting. Haha
dang girl you go on vacation more than i do
Hehehe did John tell you bout him wanted to go to high school in Amherst!?
no problem ma, im slow sometimes lol Happy New Year
smile for me beautiful
City Ordinance of the Day: Glass in a glass free zone, FINE: $303, the Mifflin block party is a glass free zone
digital, media and global are the 3 new literacies
East Side
Hm boondocks?
Yes, it's the real Joe Frazier. Nice to meet you too!
I was bummed when I found out it was invite only :/
But it can be as long as 3-4 weeks!
11 days till the big 25!
#arlington speedtrap at George Mason and 10th St heading towards Wilson!
Thanks for the follow , my favorite Actor's Advocate!! :) oxo Your assistant and I grew up in the same area... #smallworld :)
puff and chill yung bull
It's a full moon in #hollywood - I have to go out!
No he doesn't. That's just stupid Long Islanders trying to convince you he does.
Best fight scene in a movie, Jason Bourne vs Desh, Bourne Ultimatum
Haha no but they must have known I was coming.
Damn it feels good to be a gangster.
Tim Duncan scored the Spurs' first 6 points. Tony Parker has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 14-13 at the first timeout.
laronda, oh my lord stop! lmao u are killing me! lol
Still looking for a girl to take out on a date .... =\,
when r u coming back to Boston. My wife and I loved the special tonight.
It's awful! I mostly can't go because it's a Tuesday & it interferes with other things :/ Wa!
i think so? I didn't talk to him! Who do you think i am, some social butterfly?
“I don't feel like texting” then don't have a phone.
watching a movie all by myself...
#23 do you hate me?
Wow, sagging is retarded..
Anyone else going to this year?
I thought the video was awesome, too.
we are glad to hear you like our place :)
the Murder Inc crew <<<<
lol. he's a douche. but I still love him unfortunately
stop expecting things from me.
So sad. They aren't used to a non-lapdog media. Gonna be a fun fall!
Why is fighting Michael McDonald on UFC paper-view right now?!
Everyone has that one little secret, that not even your best friend knows about you.
You know it!!!!! ...We need to take over management! (:
Im going fuckin shoe crazy right now!
we sure will! cheers!
(aside) I love the way that pronounces 's name. Just sayin'.
some local theaters have begun selling #harrypotter and the #deathlyhallows tickets. it won't be long now ... Yahooleee!!
RT - #indians whoopin that #reds ASS again. #cleveland owns kentucky.
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong. A tax is a fine for doing something right. Author Unknown
I need to stand side by side with my wife for you to see mine. It takes two pairs of buttocks.
Off to my first ever Zumba class.
Giving away Holiday World passes in 5 minutes...have your speed dial fingers ready to dial 239-1067
; i love you & i miss you
I feel like a bit of a sell-out since I've put a semi-slick on the rear wheel. See ya, rear Panaracer FireXC Pro! You have served me well!
We had a lot at Purdue. I'm sure the nuclear engineering dept. had something to do with that! Safety first.
i like the name, "Nick's Chocolate Paradise". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.
30 minutes more...
:O that's mean
nice guys finish last
Thanks for following me #Welcome Following back... Have a gr8 weekend! ;)
thanks man! Will do!
Just recorded the most minimalist guitar solo ever on the track "unconditional" less is more.
i know she is so annoying she treats us like freaking babies
Hi there! Happy thanksgiving too...
I love you so much.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
SO to St Stephen's Green in #Philly for being wonderful hosts to the Philly Finnegans Wake Group. Go there and give them your money.
saw ur face on a few billboards round town. Schnazzzy
Life is to short... so add an extra e.
Libraries are the rural extension service of the information age.
On the plane! Headed for Chicago, then Vegas! Finally excited and ready! Wish us luck! Xo
remind me to share a video of my first year of teaching. YIKES! Thanks for joining the #ECET tweetworld!
totally terrible - do you know who they are using to stream?
I work with a register and as I tell the total to the customer sometimes I read it backwards lol
Writing a new song. Sounds like noise now... Soon it will be music though. im sure of it. Lol.
Glad they did, but Orange fans really failed tonight. #NoHomeCourt advtg. via “: Illinois is a dangerous team when they make runs."
i wonder if any ones wearing shorts tomorrow. derp
Finally done!! hurry home festivities starting soon
Long night at work...but I work for all I got..shorty got her own :)
She needs an interactive V-tech baby laptop. She's smart & will catch on quickly.
- Thanks for the mention! We are both cut from the same cloth - GET IT DONE!
People need to stop saying YOLO.
Where there's a Le Barron, there's hope.
Only if you follow us! :) btw- get your butt to MN. KS95 hasn't been playing you as much as they should be.
Watching 80's videos on VH1 Classic, Ahh! I miss the 80's!!!
Everyone go check out our music on Facebook!!! We are gonna have our Debut EP on March 30th so pumped
Driving 60 in a 35 and then realizing i don't have my license with me.
Your hot.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
no!! It would be miserable with you
": Naw I'm not" I be hearing abt you & your groupies
I just ate about twenty cookies.. and milk(;
Harry Edward Styles
why don't you have no where to sleep?
Knew about them already.
Rudy's breakfast sucks
WTF it's the police. Apparently the house phone kept calling 911... How does that happen?
ight one more question!! you know how in pro tools u can do audiosuite. like eq one region! can u do that in logic? thanks!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz. What is your secret to getting so many followers?
it is easier to attack others than examine oneself. Keep fighting the good fight. You are a brave lady. Much respect.
And giving the rest of the world an opportunity to appreciate the music as well! There some dope artists comine out from the islands
listening to one direction. what else would i be doing? LOL
I can follow up with email questions later, but just want first impressions for now.
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. ~ Sammy Davis, Jr.
I wish you were awake right now so I could talk to u :(
I wonder if the Burn Book would happen on FB if Mean Girls were created today? 'Mean Girls' turns 8 years old today.
please follow me so I can reply to ur message
thank you sir
Meeting this morning to plan our fall newsletter issue. Anything you'd particularly like to see covered?
A pair of tickets to ' Earth Jam Fashion Benefit coming your way to win before 5p!
Hide ya kids Hide ya Wife RT is blowing up my news feed
It's been 2 months for me D: WAHHH
Guide To Clickbank - How to make money on hub pages
*Despicable Me* when he goes to the Bank of Evil & hits all those cars out the way to park
Hope it doesn't rain
o well ain't going to hurt my feelings but I bet tomorrow there will be words... lmao smh
You are soo beautiful OMG
come on haha
Preparing for Tennessee mornings tomorrow..Tune in between 8:30-9. I'll be singing a couple from the upcoming cd "Out of the Shadows".
Wtf I look like being a grown ass woman with kids taking another woman's purse & goin through her shit? Never that.
Back from Italy with more dances to teach! What a beautiful country :)
Great weekend at Officer Training! Now it's back to the grind before Thanksgiving in two days! Two tests stand in my way!
What are some of the cooler radio station shirt designs you have seen?
can we get some updates, 2 storied programs there
Do we loose punk points because in the office today we have the Bette Midler "For the Boys" on our netflix?
If they are not selling any gas, they will be inclined to reduce their prices. If they reduce their prices, the other companies will too
Been reading and connecting on & other sites, reading and...expanding my consciousness...sounds better than sleeping right?
Baseball practice, Tarpon Springs, Magic Game then New Smyrna Beach.Lets go!
You are our hero! Thanx for the tweet 'craving confessions'!!
Shout out to for keeping us posted on the status of the referendum!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 2
very cool
I posted a status and now people think I'm moving back home..
Why do i still give af'
Lol! Yay! And you're invited to & my wedding on 11/15/11 my bday when I'm old enough to legally get (c)
I agree to the content vs. fan idea. There are lots of museums that have great collections but are crappy museums.
pretty good, how'd mommys day go?
wat happen to my video
Surviving the Applewhites by Stephanie S. Tolan: Bad Kid Makes Good...
After watching on #BizarreFoods Syria, I want to take my wife and 3+ month old newborn there. Crazy?
Yep, I feel exactly the same way. It's a good realization, though, because there's always a clear road to happiness.
Big Fair is rocking it at the Children's Hospital Boston Battle of the Bands!
Once you fall for someone's personality, everything about that person becomes beautiful.
for a good min, I'll be here thou check dm
thinking that play always has NO construct is a narrow view
Couldn't watch rangers win! Rcn does not offer nbc sports bo.
hahahahahha "WE'RE SO TAN!!" ... *3hours later* sunburt red ass gross lobster hahahaha
Now we don't beef bout nthn unless money involved...
It's hard to get out of bed when you know that all you'll be doing is studying all day
I hate so bad.
#middlefingerup To The Ones That Did Me Wrong Including Family
money from strangers
I love you too much to let you go.
hey please RT this and follow me
As an Aggie, I'm sure you'd change your mind if Baylor produced a few ewes.
Robert Downey Jr is by far my fav actor
YOU CANT TELL ME NUN CUZ iDUN BEEN THRU iT ALL
It was big success! We had 670 donors!!
I want to be Shooter McGavin. (D-WHY)
Another spectacular win for the home team #Broncos 13 vs #Chicago 10 in overtime
IM trying to just vibe tonight
We were super picky with selection - everyone's been on top ten lists w/ LA Times, LA Weekly, Buzzbands, etc or
yeah thats true! hate being forced to work in silence. -.-
thanks!! Why am I on the RnR San Diego website right now??? :)
Have you guys heard 's new single "I'm Not A Gangsta"? It's totally hot right now and in the clubs!
I wanna run and smash into u just once
I see you speaking, but I just hear piano!
Thank u! Thank u! We appreciate the follow and luv ur tweets! :-)
Do you think #Facebook's purchase of #Instagram means that there will be no more "Share to #Twitter" feature?
Season Opener is away at UWM, follow closely as gameday approaches for more news and updates!
#Germany is bailing out #Greece & I'm in for it all!
one of the guys on the bachelorette just said the corniest thing of life.
5/12. Celebrate spring w/ live music, complimentary wine & appetizers on The Bakken Museum's beautiful outdoor terrace! www.thebakken.org
I think I'm just going to start rumors about reunion shows and will them into existence.
Old creeper walkin down the aisle and I have no clue what he said #Some1TellMe!!
glad u enjoyed the John Williams. Glad we made ur lunch more enjoyable! Thanks for listening.
RT : How are you going green for #EarthDay? Tell us and you could #win these eco-friendly goods from ! Rules:...
So, the grand total of the Personal Details section: Height. Hmmppfftt.
Did u pass
i hate the wait. prefer the direct injection from the dot com.
Kick it out only if you can't make the shot! PS I think you are Great!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : I don't care if they pay you in Trident gum OJ , don't you leave us!
Hope your week is going well!
the pursuit of happiness starts within. Too many times we look to others or situations to make us happy when it's really your own choice!
Sacha Baron Cohen is a tool. I get making a statement but he's just an ass.
tell the boys I miss them!
Cp3 rips everyone I swear
Thanks for the retweet, this is vital information!
It tends to do that from time to time. Not really sure why.
heard about you through VIP. You need a designer huh? Want to get coffee soon and chat?
wow...so much packed into that little 2-tweet story. greatness.
No man is an island. Those who believe they are tend to be deserted.
you are such an inspiration to me!!! when im upset i just watch the videos with you in them and you make me smile! thanks<3
at least Verlander's throwing in triple digits….IN THE 9TH
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards. 4. Repeat.
we are! ;D
look at my fancy Accord dude!
I was overseas in Europe. So I missed it. I can imagine. Throwback uni's for the #Jays and the blacks on the
Connor just needs to turn and talk to maci!!!
Had a blast at Sweet Georgia's Juke Joint on P'tree! Check it out.
why is it that the mistress is always busted looking?
Do something that makes you feel great tonight, as long as it doesnt hurt anybody
Lol what's the point of a team if half the kids only play 5 minutes per game LOL OK I hate sports, happy I quit soccer
Peach Cutoff and redbull... Yeah... I think I got a new drank. This shit good AF....
are you taking Valium? If you are like me, that made everything worse.
#rocketfizz delivery to the studio, that's how you start the morning!
So glad the rain has held out for the game. Go Yankees!!!
It is amazing how two imperfect people, Fit together so perfectly <3
Wynnicism #5: It amazes me sometimes how contagious ignorance is. What about Love?...and Patience and Understanding??? I think being ...
I meant to say have a fun day!
I think I might love her as well.
you'll be missed ;-(
Look some one understands RT : hell no I'm 18 and watch regular show all the time
Y'all knoe I been COLEWORLD bt that drank in cup freestyle was pissy!! Jus like work out
Love that #POTUS recognizes value of community colleges for our improved economy.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
#ThatPerfectMoment when you think you have had the worst day ever and then you see his face and it suddenly becomes the best day ever
RnBThrowBacks R-kelly bump & grind
Congrats to Ryan Gentry on his 3rd place finish and nice score at harrah's rincon.
thx, you too!
I haven't lost faith. The next episode, for sure
3 more day for mothers day
Classic Slice North Ave is 1 today!!! Come celebrate with us! Double punches on slice and pie cards tonight 5-close!
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young, big boobs :))
#Telljimmy to stfu joshua deserves full credit and killed the whole show last nite
You are dangerously close...but ultimately wrong. Keep guessing, fella.
ya no problem anytime man!
just heard Tulo is supposed to be on Intentional Talk tomorrow - MLB Network
Good Morning wishing everyone a happy Friday. Please don't forget to visit www.thecoupondeal.com for the latest offers.
"Why I hate Facebook"- Brilliant. Fuck Facebook. Deleted my account this past Saturday.
Watching a reporter in Annapolis on CNN...I'm worried about my East Coast people!
The vodka bout to start flowing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER
looking out the window ---then WHO'S WATCHING THE ROAD! LOL!
Bounce Sporting Club & present "The Kick Off" NFL Draft Party 4/24/12 Sounds by Launch of
Thanks for joining me here from
they are definitely overpriced. I didn't know you cant set the optimal power, that's just silly
So excited for game 7!!! #blueandyellow BABY!!!!!!
ah that sucks! .. what is plan for tomoz... noon?
Hair appointment tomorrow: considering trading in my caramel highlights for garnet ones. Yay or nay?
my site stats have becom my therapist: "anne raquel trubek fishing for compliments" I'll get you back, !
Canada: Justin Bieber. Australia: Cody Simpson. UK: One Direction. USA: ?
Got my graduation dress today(:
the next person that says "if" and not "when" the zombie apocalypse happen is going to get cut
Didn't know about it! Thanks! We'll try to check it out and pass on the info! Merci!
What is MentorTech Ventures?
My tweets are not for you to judge. I tweet my thoughts for myself, your welcome for granting you permission to listen.
I want to go home.
such a solid album!!!!
Yeah, giving the ball to Mario Chalmers to shoot it makes COMPLETE SENSE there
Aye now that's my song turn that up lol but sit down
not at that moment I did do a bunch at christmas...
I'm jealous of every girl that has ever hugged him. Because for that short second, she held my whole entire world.
Summer Show: Company Shorts. Finally all cast. 1st read-throughs this week. Very exciting!!! Get ur tix: www.theatrecompany.biz
The good news is Jesus is back. The bad news is he uses "your" and "you're" incorrectly.
Just heard my teacher say homesexual ahahhahaha
I've had a lot of help along the way thanks to you!
If you love someone don't let them go just too see if they come back because they might find someone else who holds them down
If everyone were able to fix whats wrong with themselves and not worry about whats wrong with others,the world would be better.
hanging with my baddest bitch !!!
awww thank you :) brought a :) to the muse today :) <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
Would you get in trouble for saying dirty things? lol
Getting so stoked for the & concert with & !! Extra stoked 's goin!
RT : follow back...DONE!
No rain on our parade - the Wash. Met library opens in 30 minutes!
yea that's what all the over weight americans say...even though I know your not ;)
has $20 #wine bottles all night long. Would you be interested in these kinds of #specials for the #shastic Beta? -
I tried for the first time a few weeks ago and now I'm addicted. Delicious!
weekends like that make me miss college
I like my MacBook Pro, but it's nice to be back to three monitors.
Sen. Ron replied to some online petition I signed with a boilerplate full of teahadist talking points. Does that count?
off of the shots fired soundtrack radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.
you crazy.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
#smh such a disappointment .! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Slow ashh. Nigga lol if u listen to asap rocky u listen to kendrick lemar
I missed it, I was away and wasn't able to see it. Incredible story, can't believe they play a whole game.
Why does Jello have a smell when you add the powder in the water,
is addictive. I can't stop adding things to my wishlist...
k ill meet u in the auditorium
I like seriously hate everyone in my class, like I can't tolerate anyone, like stfu you're not funny, you're annoying.
“: okay wow i dont feel loved ALL me brothers and my sister want me dead.”im ur cuzin and i dont wanna you dead
I believe im a redneck
"GOP Rep: Federal Student Loans Have Given America 'Stage 3 Cancer Of Socialism'" #huffpost Maybe this guy can get Stage 4
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
well everything is back :) .
right lmao yo i got scared, and it take alot to scare me.
RT : #RelationshipsRequire sacrifice, commitment and leverage. Not all about you or them, it is about you both. Equally.
": Vote for Alonzo Jones aka #TURF #TeamTurf and hit for direct #TURF info. #Retweet &
"If you a make a sale you make a living.If you make an investment of time in a customer, you can make a fortune" Jim Rohn
hey now!! OHIO!!
no the guy was like 40!
j.cole
At We lik to party. Kum vibe with the prettiest bartender... Me! Lolz
Already saw my first proton pack. Now off to a party!
I'm fine. Wbu?
How was everyone's weekend? Mine was ballin', I tried my luck learning how to jerk on Thanks for teaching me !
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 03:30 PM
& those who do are in the restricted section anyway MT : "Nobody likes pain for its own sake" is a pretty good start to a TOS.
good call. Just switched it over.
": So much hate I need AK!" Say ye say ye
Spent the evening at , engaging in critical conversations about the future of education :)
Im never really that insane... Unless someone steals my heart...
Bout 2 inbox u my number mama!!!
Got to get ready and write down my many questions to ask the post office. So many different shipping plans to consider.
People who spam need to realize that nobody is looking at their "newest banger" or "dope video". Take time to actually network.
This is ugly. Marshall better slap some composure into the team at halftime, or we're going to see that 12/5 upset in the next hour. Frown.
maybe Buenos Aires.
Come on, the "Chapter 11 Theater" line was fantastic.
SO CLOSE CAN YOU FEEL IT?
Why wouldn't we save the Captain for your birthday and drink incredible hulks for the Avengers?
Howdy, work partner! Hope you're enjoying your Friday!
happy Easter to you too I miss our jam sessions
I approve. :) Beer makes an appearance in my slide deck as well.
ugh, I totally just got sucked into watching The Kardashians
Lost a lot, but a lot of that weight was lean muscle mass. Good mental exercise. I recommend doing it once to see your patterns
that's how I'm feeling too. Let's continue to focus on writing instruction.
Indeed >> RT : Always stay close to fam! Girlfriend, Boyfriend & Friend all have END in them! Family is forever!
tter, couldn't get there:( Hope u enjoyed & made some connections!
Watching Tina Marie....wow hard to believe she's gone.
its cool I've stayed in different places but I plan on moving to Florida in the nxt couple of years
is great to follow - very active in the Twitter sphere
Damn, Riley almost screwed up! That was a cop on her massage table!! Lol
what's your favorite song from them?
Great second day at school! Shower time :)
glad you made it home safely!
Why are you being harsh and embarrassed about it. Own it, live it, don't be shy or you're just frontin'
all she did was stand up for herself and now you call her someone that's being a boss to you?! yeah no, you gtfo, not her.
Of course. You and Greg will be invited. :) Love you both.
think I just felt an earthquake for real
It's NBC Miami that's reporting that D. Rose injury.. Think I'll wait to hear it from espn..cause that sounds like miamis wet dream
This cats dad is fucking killing me rite now! Lmmfao!
my 6 yr old niece: "grandpa are you a player?" Grandma: "yes, he's a women player!", , HAPPY SATURDAY
"I gotta see the landing strip" - *REAL TEARS*
New Thursday night starts this week called "Bangers and Mash" Launch Party April 30 with Drop the Lime @ SSL
Do what makes you happy, do what you need to do to 'create' a smile.
game back on! RT : Luckily I'm in Florida getting back to my ways
OMG that photo
I'll spread the word. :)
I sure love musicals too!
All effective innovations are the result of passionate simplification in design, processes and procedures.
cost? who cares, you can finance ur 24 flash spinners for only $2500 each!!
what'd u do to ur facebook?
You're not alone, friend!
"Welcome to my world fuck yo girl i am legendary." -
I'm tired.
Draw something night at work
yes NCL Pearl w/blt in Germany he w/aboard 4C testing
25 is good. But ill be 22 forever.
good morning
watching true blood with my friends...this show is getting a lil silly now. :)
wise words. “: sleep”
yep, we don't do that in the Mil lol
Fave purchase: Intellectual Freedom Fighter bag (featuring titles of banned books) from the Unshelved guys &
I'm new in town. What's one Portland holiday tradition/place I shouldn't miss this year?
its all in what you do with your thoughts when they come to you.. however they come to you.. or however you can get them to come to you
Have you checked out Wine Vault's Thurs & Fri bargain menus? Great 3-course meal at $20 plus $12 wine flight. Can't be beat for quality.
#4hb just works. Boring but effective (and I'm barely exercising)
Just tweeted her-be back 1:15
already have written about that one several times.
I'm looking for a 1 bedroom guest house/apartment for me. Preferably in the Studio City, NoHo, Sherman Oaks & surrounding areas. Msg me!
i will never kno what hes thinking when he looks at me that way hahaa
you don't have to thank me your fire!!! ;-) so thank you!!!
YOU ARE SO AWESOME!
QoTD: "Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." (George Bernard Shaw)
Excited For New Jonas Album 36
watching THE INN KEEPERS and really enjoying it! First act, stopped to make pop corn...
whats wrong with YOU?????
Welcome to Twitter ! Can't wait to hear more about your dating experiences!
Why you acting tough, heard you work at Build A Bear
Great advice.
which time are you talking about? You cried twice
just log in to the one you don't want, go to account settings and delete!
you didn't bother me. Thanks for letting me know what you are up to. I can still pass along info despite my tastes. Cheers
Fun day on console with hoping for a successful test of some of our hardware. Cross fingers!
": No reason to complain about anything when God gives you another day of life. Always be grateful!"
All 7 contestants remaining r good - didn't bother me to see Jessica almost go home. Veto is gone - next week should be fun.
I hope u ready! I'm ready to see nicki minaj in concert!
I miss you too! When are you coming to Dallas?
when you getting up here son ?
Hello :) hows your vacation? x
Concha y Toro is the World's Most Admired Wine Brand for the 2nd year running, according to a survey by
are questioning his awesomeness
#USHLI Thanks and to Col Peggy combs for their leadership and support.
Can't stand it
RT "You just can't beat the person who won't give up." - Babe Ruth
yep. I lose myself before the concert even starts. But on a serious note...I'm actually more excited for the doggie olympics.
second "now should be" *not
Tonight I will stay up all night just to vote for :D Even though I have school tomorrow ... it's alright
I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
RT . THIS SATURDAY!!! MCFADDENS IS HOSTING RASHAD EVAN'S UFC AFTER PARTY!!!!
true its no disaster he's great but if you close your eyes and listen, i take ms houston. and def not dolly parton =)
Fuck bitches, get $$$.
ask -- She's a pro at gluten free and she is an amazing pastry chef!
Me: I can never spell necessary. Him: Why would you need to? Me: I find necessary a very necessary word.
Guarantee turn a square into a bi bitch..
A Kentucky wildcat fan4 ever go big blue
flashing foam sticks tonight?!?
#Russell got in a fight?!
This past week have enjoyed 3 Canadian brands in NYC - , , and -- go Canada!
#IT & #Web Business Info
You know you had a fun night when you wake up with a burrito in your pocket!
going to TJs tomorrow. Thanks for the tip!
Going to be a long offseason for Kyle Williams
Is anyone going to the #TimMcGraw and #LadyAntebellum #concert tonight?
get us some followers
#SometimesAllAGirlWants to be reminded that you want her happy.
" Chat with artist Kristin Lucas today noon, at 1100 East 5th.
Summit Park Hospital and Nursing Care Center may be forced to close
The world gonna end this year:our mixtapes gotta b like Bibles :
Ron Swanson is my co-pilot.
Nash, Rivers, Bucks' staff take home PBWA honors
The fear of failure is perhaps the greatest hindrance to success.
At this point, I'm thinking I want to take more public policy & finance/stats classes if I can.
We create the best hashtags! :)
But why should they if you're gonna name-call her for how she chooses to dress?
Got that right!
I'm done with the soy whip in the can because it NEVER works.
Keep believing that, dear.
Amazon is currently running a promotion on my book "Dogs I Have Met." Kindle edition is just $3.99; sales rank is #377 out of all titles.
I think I may develop gossip withdrawal from you,
I love the fact that gamers have a night to celebrate. I never dove into Diablo, but believe me when I say I'm stoked you guys are happy.
bod is so sore from last nights dance moves
Whoa! Usually people don't wake up from dreams like that. Congrats :)
^___^ thanks. It's only getting bigger sadly lol.
If you don't like the negative thoughts in your mind, think the opposite!!!
lol yeeeaa dude im workin late but im gunna try and make it up there to get shitty real quick wit you guys.
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.-- Rumi
#NFB GO FOLLOW HIM. WE DO THIS #MUSIC ISH.
Its Already 2012 In New Jersey?! Its Barley 9:07 Here in LA!! :O
oh really? it just recently showed up for me for some reason :P
Great! So happy you had a great time
An ad: online treatment for internet addictionJ.
Sorry, had to be done. My love for His Bidenness is a BFD.
The Notorious T.O.M. visited mater academy last night
It's National Bagel Day! What is the best bagel topping?
Free ticket giveaway at the next #FreshCoastFridays. Come out tomorrow from 6-10p at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill for your chance to win.
NF the ONE n ONLY SEXY !”)
Buying fruit for my boys soccer game. Dude at the sto spoke arabic, spanish, and english
God know my heart, and He know I'm a work in progress...oh yeah, you suck at Bejeweled, step your game up or hush up.
Happy Friday every body!!
Whats good how can I get one of my artist down with the team check him out
Mention you support TCC when you grab a bite at , , , , &
Style sheet gem from Joe Abbott: "so-called + quotation marks = overkill." Authors and unrepentant ironists, take notice.
Oh snap they got a basketball wives CHICAGO YAY YAY!!!!!!
Great! I look forward to it.
my life is ruined.
Them Lewis chessmen are really something, especially the berserker one, who bites his shield b/c he's so eager to fuck someone up.
One of the dogs is taking up half the couch. She allows me the other half.
Get ready to get Whipped this week as we bring you to this Saturday Night!!!
How cool! Wish there were an unabridged version where he gets to adventure more on the upper level before getting caught.
Runway is on mind...really thinking about it! Lol!
Syracuse has a lot of white guys on their team, then there are the guys who play.
I need to get studio time and a model before friday. ugh
the human brain operates as fast as the slowest brain cell
the stock hit the 1,80's 3 times, 1.90's once. Hitting my above short term target 4 times.
Lady Antebellum announced that their OWN THE NIGHT 2012 WORLD TOUR will be in VA BEACH at FARM BUREAU LIVE AT VIRGINIA BEACH on Sunday 6/10
at least the employee who delivered the baby got the rest of the day off. Socialism!
#oomf is a fool with it lmao wow
i fucks with it!!!!
Really don't want to vacuum my room. Though I know I should.
Looking for some playmakers...
A guy like you should wear a warning!
Computers are a necessary evil - it is difficult to go an entire day without one.
whos going to the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix Arizona? I'm planning to. :)
Had a good day. Been working my ass off all week. I have pushed product this week!
Damnit, I'm late
love you too. #pacoforpresident incase you bitches didn't already know!!
Merry Christmas 2009 Everyone!!
Tweet Tweet
and #rest351, could you provide examples from the text to support this statement? :)
happy birthday to Spike Lee
A WISE MIND IS WELL WOKEN SO IT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF
FArthritis thanks for following me on Twitter!
or walk… walking might be safer.
I only count my blessings when I remember that I've never taken a religious person seriously.
My butt does, in fact, get cold sometimes (and yes, when I'm wearing pants). I can relate to "butt ass cold".
Follow for her birthday 2day to get her to 300 followers! ~<3
omg, you totally made me laugh out loud with that one.
We are lookin for independent and/or unsigned country music artists & bands! If you are one & would like music reviewed, contact us!!
True but Im going to error on the side of the technicals which look bearish to me
I know like they already came to our house. My mom is just hard headed
We love you too! Congrats Big Time Rush!
94 on my anatomy final today too!! :) how about you?
Charlotte is a mess she needs to stop !
Playing on my violin for the first time in like, 6 years. Yeah I still know how!
I never win 50/50 either :( : I'm not playing the 50/50 here anymore.
Oranges are hitting the pitch. Hopefully my sore muscles loosen up quickly (that's what I get for a big weight room day after weeks of nada)
Taking my advise you would be hedged or very short in equities now. Rolling shorts make money even in up markets. This is the BEAR
You are welcome
RT : Do you know an AASL member who has recently received an award or been spotlighted in an article? Let us know! Email .
The world is a vampire
I see yout Twitter has gotten a lot of followers in a short time frame. We need more families like the Hammers.
talking in person >>
let interview you for representing #westernPa. and #Pittsburgh in www.viewsandvoices.com!
I'll check it out, Kathy.
el punto es que sea real-time y no por el Twitter,que sea como una conversacion
oh Joe...that was deep!!!!
OMG WHEN?! WE MUST HANG OUT WHILE YOURE HERE
Childbirth is hard for women, but what about kid? Baby's head is smushed. It looks like this (). Takes 24 hrs to round out. Thaz long day
Oh snap!! Way to get em #WVU :)
And how many realize that's what it will take? ...and how many are even willing to do that? Sigh. It just seems hopeless.
Yeah She's good girl... Please protect her : )
Don't be mad at me cause you can't get right
Just hit me I get to see and Dan P. in a little over a week. Havent been this excited since 3 days ago when I found my fav lip gloss
hi! How the heck r u? Where r u now? How's life? We miss u in SD!
"Cause I always thought no matter what a smile could make you stay."
Omg! Robert stop! Your gonna make me fall in love<3
on my way to get my Harry Potter tickets! WOO HOO!!
Scot Lehigh: Tim Cahill was incredibly ambitious but he was somewhat ethically oblivious. There needs to be accountability.
"There's a reason..." - "I don't believe in reasons."
PLEASURE IS ALL MINE!!!!!
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one. Sincerely, Stop being racist.
“: Ayes 68, Nayes 31 - #VAWA was just passed by the Senate! now on to the House. #immigration” Excellent news, but 31 no votes?
" All good things must come to an end. " I disagree.
There goes your overall #1 seed with 22 points at the half, lol. What a terrible first half.
": Banging that Ol dipset double album down the I 95 #classic"memories lovely times
Couldn't sleep at all last night.
Thanks for the follow, Tom. Like what is going on with MPR's #DailyCircuit. Like to hear from more Europeans - local and abroad.
WHATS THE POINT OF WEARING NEW SHOES IF U GONE PUT SOME OLD DINGY MIX-MATCH SOCKS ON???
Fast five is my favorite one thus far
Editing the video trailer for my book with my brother the filmmaker. Soon to come!
Jamming out to with and ! :D Omg its soo amazingg ! <3
Can not wait to join the Y!
Seen on CNN there is a new smart phone App being introduced that anyone with in 150 ft of each other can see each others photos. Creepy!!!
THANK YOU. Wonderful news, IT'S NOT BROKEN. God is so good and we are SO thankful. Thanks for your prayers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Love it.
I loved your tips on making Homework time easier for kids with ADHD
Bruce Nelson, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
At the diner 3 blocks away, I didn't feel the #earthquake that emptied out & everyone else at our Queens bldg. Weird!
If yesterday's parties were not enough for you and you plan on partying through the weekend dont forget to restock the fun juice!
Drinkin' alize with cereal for breakfast
who the fuck are u
people ate the fish too. Ewwwwww.
What's yo fantasy?
slow day, made slower by powerpointing
Dude, I know I had an awesome time!
BREAKING: Colorado House speaker says lawmakers reach impasse on civil unions bill; legislation dies.
shucks..... just trying to Rep the burque.. u coming back in March?
Den I get dis random restricted call n to no who called, is a big shok. I'm n aww n like it must be a set up
#Writers — #UNOILUVU. | So much-I want you to hook up w/ literary agents/editors 2 get published [ #Tweetup 5.16 @ 12 Noon]
the first hour was a lot better than I expected but he tanked terribly near the end. Not his fault though, awful skits.
Bail bonds. When you care enough to help someone who was having an awesome weekend but crossed the line. Oops.
Good morning dirtbags. Remember, before you go crying to the chief about our dirty police work, we can still kill you and get away with it.
Wow. I'm sure will be at the NY tour stop. RT : Journey with Benatar/Loverboy??!! SO THERE!!
I Am nt tryin to b ur wife... YET in the next 5 to 10 years if im nt married then i will give up on men
I detest community bathrooms.
Need to stay married, so sadly won't make the trip. Spending "soccer wknd away" card in Montreal this wknd for #IMFC-#RBNY!
Waking up to good morning texts :)
It sounds like people walking on a path, waves. More waves. Oh wait. Those are gun shots. Lots of gun shots. -Me, listening to a rap tape.
Oh sorry.....thought the government took that program over too, Boss
The Weave SNATCHER '-' <U+2190>cool Name
MT : That Twitter only goes so far, and the time has come for a conference on #musesocial. Set the table.
I will send them. Thanks!
Good morning!! How are you? I'm kinda tired so I'm going to hit SUBWAY for breakfast and coffee. Join me!
. How about this for our brewery?
#ConfessionTime i want another ymcmb song, all together again,like 'bed rock' omg
“: No Drake, I'm da best. Best he ever had.” Lmao <3
RT - Taylor will sign a one-day contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on Friday.
At end of legislative session, without ever holding public hearing, legislators voted to reduce nursing care standards for FL nursing homes
I know you like to avoid negativity but when do we start worrying about Diem? Are Link or Rietz comp @ RT going into next year?
K nevermind, figured it out :)
Thank you!!
Will this be the second one? I loved the first one!
Checking out the new album from 22 y.o. saxophonist Hailey Niswanger...1st time I've heard her & I like what I hear so far
Can't wait until Sun to see the #ParadeofLights? Watch ABC's Makeover where we put 1 together for a deserving family in Aug(!)
It amazes me how often my mom and I wear similar clothes or colors. Olive green skirt/shorts and white tank/tee today
hope you're having fun in KS and the very cool ICT!
So... You're telling me that you dont want to invest in a car wash business???
omg :) soo cutee <3 yeah haha you guys matched, you look cute what you talking about .
Follow for some great social justice reporting from Guilford College students in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Gotta call my crazy ass momma tomorrow
uh-Maa-zing love it “: it makes cute lil R2 noises when you turn it off/on #nerdgeek”
#brewers win! T plush!
AMAZING use of the macro filter!
Latest poll in Portland Mayor's race suggests 30% of female voters have yet to make up their mind.
Paul not Weller
And they weren't about Dick Clark!
some fun, some not so much.... Tweeted pic of me at party... You will see what I look like... Ha!
new web site! www.nejm.org
Watching Doomsday Preppers and decided that instead of prepping for the end of the world, I'd rather enjoy life today.
Generators ate noisy and inform the enemy; solar much quieter : strategic advantage
Packers pick Nick Perry good choice
Yup, twitter "lost" our account and our 17,000 followers!!! We are starting fresh. Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow. Happy to
Pat Summit to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor our country has to offer. Well deserved.
Surprisingly common conversation at #gencon sales booth: "We are sold out of all our 3X shirts, but we have a mountain of smalls"
bring her with you is alicia right
don't think you can go back:)They got their commission.It's all good. Inform new agent of conflict. You were great,they renewed
Watson will solve the riddle on my blog May 13 if nobody else does first
“It's never too late--in fiction or in life--to revise.” - Nancy Thayer
What stops innovation from flowing from the developing world to the rest? Hubris.
I think Im gonna kill someone, Im not losing him! EVER</3 I can feel my heart breaking.. :(
ok so fuck everybody and all ur ideas ...Fresh lol
WTF Wednesday at Davenport Lounge SA Right Now!
make us proud u.s ladies
#pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
Are we living? Or are we just a figment of imagination.
Boy, you havent been around me long enough. I know exactly how to talk when trying to get hired or even get an app.
at the hospital. looks like baby is coming.
changed my avatar, hope you mamas are having fun out there! Chai latte this morning, yummy!
Pretty rattled for hitting the #bucciovertimechallenge on the head and getting no love
Do you have Ms. Johnson second period??
Slow walkers....those suck
Cucina Toscana is amazing! I live in SLC & am cyberstalking #altsummit I work a block from Grand America so might sneak in!
Restless night.
got a rocking gig lined up at Sat 12th Novemeber. Grab a burger and rock out to the best 80's cover band in LA!
O, *catches kiss* ;)
So did Wisconsin gain or lose jobs?
lol don't worry about it
By being able to provide environmental professionals with the documents they need your Phase I ESA will meet its deadline
Check out "Quest" mode on #GoogleMaps... Makes the map look like an old video game... Guess that's their #AprilFools joke
The love fern is dead... No hunny its just sleeping
Add me to the list! Can't wait! MT 's Want to see live tweets from #ISConf attendees? Just reply to us!
Thank You! Happy #WW to all!
Congress says "When we fail to successfully educate on the front-end, we all fail on the back-end"
I'm seriously hoping she does! Can't stand her annoying persona
Dear #michigan.. The game started at 4pm.. Just thought you should know, your friends at
Graduate with March. :))
unless I am hail marrying a shot because everyone else is to tall. Ha.
a little jealous your in #Cali! Hope you do well!
Bad news arrives with Browns rookies at minicamp (The Associated Press)
alright then i will just do that
“: I'm gonna skate to one song and song only” and I hope it's iPhonic
I knowww how are you!! >.<
Reason 1: I have the leadership, qualifications and vision to move Alpha to the next level of excellence and service.
People REALLY need to keep their opinions to themselves sometimes...
So this guy said "so wait you're a janitor? That's your profession?"..like I've said before dumb sh*t doesn't need a response !
Can't wait til Paranormal Challenge premieres tonight! So excited to see my man :)-
#What2ChainzWouldSay Yo Girl Thirsty Need GATORADE, Report Cards? Bad GRADES, No Allowance Still Gettin PAID, Her Pussy Sour LEMONADE!
Is there a study of the female editors of #giftbooks ? Students sensing research possibilities!
IT’s TODAY! 8 fast fixes to immediately increase your energy & performance! Want more energy? Exhausted by the afternoon? Always tired? Get…
heck yeah!
that gum u gave me today was so addicting I had to go and buy some haha
I haven't. I heard it looks really, like, tablet like.
“: The rule that says a ball that grazes a guy's uniform should count as a hbp is ridiculous.” Why don't players wear XXXL?
I hate when ppl bitch over small shit...
Bourbon over ice. Period.
is it the anorexia in her voice?
Immigration again</3
Anyone know y #CQ5 RTE image support let's u drag but drop fails? Unstructured image node with string property features=*
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
that tweet you put abt a Lemon Wedge Lmao!
Hahahaha I was gonna tag that tweet with #nopicsplease haha
A female doctor traded sex for health care with an uninsured patient....i'm pretty sure that's not included in Obamacare...
#Miami (FL) withdraws from bowl consideration due to ongoing NCAA inquiry
I'm bored.
Thank you for your amazing support!
Tonight on WGN News at 9... Bodies in caskets piled in a storage room, the man who uncovered the secret shares his search for the truth.
Who's working Super Cross? This chick :D
A bustling lobby here for the #CTAC. Big thanks to for donating some drinks, people love them! #whodoesnt?
But of course!
You all need to go follow matt malpass of The Cinema we might be collaborating in the near future... ;)
Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats" karaoke style>>>>>
Welcome, small town person like me.
their last album was weak.
Stop attacking people for having differing opinions than yours, you're being equally oppressive.
God is my GPS...."He Will Guide You"
absolutely, Carrington can cover
My apologies. 10 seconds off of the 18th.
Tell me more. Regards and cheers.
I wondered why they needed cameras for "roadwork" MT Watch The Williamsburg Bridge Blow Up In The New Dark Knight Rises Trailer
Almost done with post. Will be finished in December. Thanks for asking. RT : when does the film wrap?
Nice to hear the pharmacy was a welcome reminder. Thanks for sharing your memory of Jack!
Paul Burch at Ginger Man!
No not all of us want something from you.
My pleasure.
oh!!! Good morning you sexy piece of azz!!!
Pondering over what my next painting will be once I hit the 2-week break before my next class begins. Something mysterious I think . .
Good Morning<33
that's one of ours!
I'm chilling by the bus and by chilling I mean freezing.
guess what?! :)
we all know you aren't hitting a lick above .150
DSL is not available in my area, as it is considered "rural." One more reason to move?
Sometimes you wear it on your sleeve:-)
Make Your REALITY OR live in someone else's.
heheh! I love you! Closet cleaning date ASAP!
You never sleep lol . txt me
Save $15 OFF on order of $75 or More when you buy from dog.com use code SAVsurf Rise & Grind Family Matters.
I just asked someone about the size of their data set. I feel dirty.
#Marketing w/social media means building up your brand on multiple platforms. Each has a language and audience of its own!
I take it you guys and gals are chill'n in the big L.V. tonight, i.e no iPhone Live?
SO CLOSE YOU TASTE IT
He will, when his contract is up
Thank you for using our website! There's so many fun books out right now - almost too many to read!
Steady throwing me shade lbs
Just read some of your work about unsigned acts! Thanks a ton. Been looking for tangible info like this for a decade
Any time I watch a movie I put on two pairs of underwear...because I laugh so hard I pee my pants, ya lets go with that
video tribute time.
it gotta come with complimentary Kool aid packets and KFC coupons RT<U+FFFD>GhostwritaMusic: if you want one of custom glow-in-the-dark durags<U+FFFD>
I know. I owe Jvo a steak dinner. Might have to buy a 1/4 cow
lol win den
ehh. It would be amazing if you'd follow me (:
pissed off. hate my life.
we need to hang out! I miss my wittle seventh grader!!!
Please stand by...
Uh. Have you even read my site? LOL. Yeah, no, as long as it's not, like, "OMG OSHIE I WANNA HAVE YOUR DRUNK BABIES" 24/7.
Likewise brother!
The fact that I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow....I can't even explain. So much talent rolled all into a 5'7" ginger. He's amazing.
Y'all old pictures ugly ass fuck
doing anything after work?
": no "e" in that bye Barney Fife. Surprised didn't catch that one". Yes there is dunce!
- most definitely glad to see you Olena, will be at the studio a couple more times this week for
I'm following you, now you follow me!!! SOMETIMES friend! ;)
since u took up my timeline, hello!! Can I get a RT #
By the way, the common thread? Cut up the credit cards! But you knew that already, didn’t you?
The Joy of Painting or Xavier? Hm
May you be remembered by people circulating their favorite doodles by you.
wait are you here!!! I'm at my car! Where are you?
Google refine is very useful for dealing with messy spreadsheets. Who knew? Thanks
good work!
I have been napping way too much :c
ah hopefully! I've seen him near the tour busses and thats it :p the flashmob is for 1D were recording it! This is the
Playin truth or date at work. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
bra what it do
Process Lola Process
welcome to twitter! ;)
#songsillnevergettiredof What Do You Say -Mickey Avalon
Me you = my room now. Pants off! Let's get crazy!
"Come on class this isn't rocket science," says my english teacher. Me looking at her like This Bitch?
:D Im glad and sad to hear that!! :) Lucky me and Unlucky u. = / Good job with the Followers. There goes my class record.
Day number 1 of our new workout :)
Congratulations! That's awesome. I'd love to have one of those in Richmond.
Its not even funny lol
is the sweetest :)
I totally dressed wrong for the weather today -.-t
Check out these American high school kids who give a shit about Africa and making a difference in the world. Awesome.
You Only Live Once!! <U+E405>
I really just walked up in Papa Johns to pick up my pizza with my slippers on.
"Please estimate your effort and scheduled completion date for every single bug!"
already Ma! We need to put one in the air....
So....I can still wear this cheese hat the rest of the year right?
Not really, gonna get an iced coffee. Carry on.
Thanks for the RT and yet 1 more kick ass #FormulaDrift live stream
yep sho did
Good Morning! What a beautiful football day! The tree is up and it's time to watch football and decorate the xmas tree!!! :)
Getting every email but the one I want
Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month
Yanks better win tomorrow... 2 home sweeps by the Sox will have the boss turnin over in his grave
Froget murderers and rapists and drug dealers.... those internet pirates man!
Hey - that's great news. Let me know the dates. It's only a 3 hour drive from Seattle :)
CU earns 8th place finish at #TOCNationals! Congrats Buffs!
#YoMommaSoFat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof
I hate going to sleep but then I hate waking up
RT Alcoholism? Put an aspirin between your hands--no more drinking.
When the power is out, does the Internet really exist?
LOL! Yes, that would do it too
Excellent news! Hope training is going well Eric. RT HUGE health update, cleared all my surveillance tests...3.5 yrs cancer free.
People still play rock band and where axe body spray.
Like chapters of a good novel, life develops as growth wutg turns, inner conflict, side trips, adventure, moments of sorrow, and silence.
aww :) how are you?
um yeah(:
Going to bed! Good Night<3
im an alcoholic #
It's very difficult to write about a book you haven't written yet. The agonies of the book proposal.
oh really then where is the cakes? haha :) *giggles*
Thank you ever so much!
Facebook & Tumblr i need to use you both more often : /
The U.S. Department of Transportation today fined AirTran Airways for violating aviation laws prohibiting deceptive price advertising.
MY CHEEK HURTS. I want food now.
thank you :) I heart you too.
Thanks for the mention :)
Omni #lets get it
It wouldn't be a not top 10 w/out J.McGee.
if your ever in Rochester NY I will let you do a few songs with them. It would be our honor!!!
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!
HELLO...Wgats up?:)
Radio on Pandora >
Emcee communion Party done..back at the radio station working..goal is to be home in time 4 apprentice . Lisa goes all the way?
Planning something for your Friday night??? We're open LATE (4am) and have a bottle service special of $100 for grey goose! Just message us!
On my way to airport to fly back to miami from chicago
Champaign on a Tuesday? Haven't you gone all Hunter S Thompson.
Cyfalls RT : Cy Springs legend Clint Everts pitched the 9th for the Blue Jays today vs Astros. Tough time staying healthy.
EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
All that she wants is another baby. She's gone tomorrow.
ok...I love Regina Spektor. Her lyrics are SO fun and quirky and inspiring. OH YEAH! ;)
I just finished my lamb meatballs at lunch today. Friend-inspiration FTW.
im at tbell right now lol
Celebrating Easter
So if i go to NYC and go to your favorite store and buy a shirt and send it to you,you'll Love me forever?
Hate to sound like a neophyte, but what's the consensus on Klout?
My arms feel like jello. I think it's time for bed my friends :) Goodnight!
My fail. Seeing the new plan for #Carmel Midtown explains why it is not permanent. Mid-Town =
Ryan Good Has Swag <33
I feel like shit right now, and gaming out didn't help this time.. it sux.
my dad knows we're dating.
GM, did you receive the email about being a writer? If so, just checking, we finalizing the writing schedule now
Last few tweets are sidenotes from Swarupa Anila, Detroit Institute of Arts
is at home relaxin...its cold and rainy out there...brrr!!!
LOVE THIS QUOTE <3 IT IS SO TRUE
Excited to redesign #jbphotography's website with a sweet layout. Anything anyone thinks a photographer should have on there site?
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
Kimbe and Della at Salon Ramsey Buckhead are the greatest sprits walking. Thanks 4 your kind hearts. Rita Brown
Burning roster spots is fun, kids! Seriously, though, I hear you. I hope he makes it, but .240 with 15 HRs would be optimistic
if only you knew.
Haha. Glad you liked it!
I already knew you wasn't ready 4 this..
Say more about Harvard Thinks Big. What is it?
It's so beautiful!
New ouutfitss ready to rock em tomorrow !
#kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event from...
One of the best parts of #oah2012 #ncph2012 is finally meeting all the folks I only know through Twitter feeds and tiny avatars.
congrats 2 on the release of #redtails .Ne-Yo is available for select #speaking #events this spring. DM us for details
Woo! made her delish pizza.
rumor has it bass & drums are done for our new album, gettin' it done son...
thanks! I'll start CCing you on all my email so that you'll know everything I'm up to.
his cinnamon challenge is perf. you need to do it. c:
Oh boy. RT : What's the over/under on your career, AD?
that my heart would yearn for Jesus more than anything else.
OH MY I WANT TO JOIN YOUR
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. - Oscar Wilde
Nobody's perfect
Out of the strain of doing and into the peace of the done. Julia Woodruff
but I've experienced the most growth by being in & learning from a relationship so far in life.
Hey, thanks for the shout out.
This roll call is interesting. So far almost everyone loves their #Costco #kosher selection. What would you like to see added?
Going out for dinner hope my pups will be okay.
#fufb for changing the layout and adding the ticker
I concur!!! Big night tonight!! RT : 4 more hours folks -- GO #FLYERS!
Ask about IPO. That's coming up next!
“ “ Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st””
What's everyone up to?
Unbelievable!!! The Broncos upset the Steelers as carves up the Steelers D with the most passing yards they've allowed all year!
I turn off all the lights and barely one minute later my Roomate goes through the house, turns them all on, gets a cup of water then goe ...
RT : I'm great!! Congrats on Being in OKC's Best Chinese RT : how are you today?
Fried pickles are the isshhh.
Haha better off
Congratulations to all graduates! Have a great weekend.
don't buy gas Sunday April 15th its a protest day, be down for the cause and spread the word
Did you know if you visit the Mazda family at the Washington DC Auto Show you can get $300 bonus customer cash
Not ever having to worry about overages (ie unlimited data) is worth a lot to me. 4G would only encourage data use
Headed back to !! Hope to see you there
Nice shirt! Must be nice to have your own shirt and not Vinnie Mac's Nexus bullshit on it!
congrats on the pickup!
Some points: (1) Congrats on your weight loss! (2) We're confident stickK will help you exercise. (3) Thanks for the shout out!
Look at the fear!!
Homework all day long. Sundays are a great day to catch up.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily. You're the only one who can do it permanently.~Zig Ziglar
RT : With New Chicago, a Lagunitas brewery on 18th & the presumed 5Rabbit Pilsen brewery, the #southside is the place to be
have it your way, Burger King.
i can wake up to #englishlane every morning. #wake&bake
#breakingbad fans should tune into for background on the meth epidemic. Some neat computer-assisted reporting highlighted too
could TED-ED's purpose be expanded to teacher development?
I'm sorry but basketball wives.. who is these hoes married to??
this game might drive me nuts.....
Happy Mother's Day!!
Everything that use to matter, doesn't matter anywhere.
yeah, we're going to have some good rants tomorrow morning...
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W. Congrats, please check your email! Next contest begins Monday!
RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!
what u buy me?
Who out chea fuckin wit me.. huh tell me that?... Im bout 2 drop that shit... where my pamper at?!
do we have a test or quiz or w.e tmrw?
Academic friends: taking my iPad to Japan instead of laptop. What apps help you do your work? Which ones are must haves?
and we miss you, buddy.
you were great! Thanks for coming to !
Got my invite to the World Championships this morning! Soo tempting...
homemade chocolate cookies with peanut butter chips
Birfday next weekend.!
have fun?
Trying to get as much time as I can with my grandpa. Might go over and watch ABDC with him at the hospital tonight. He loves the show ((:
Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer.
I never said I wanted to go to the zoo with you! If you thought so, you were mistaken!
Did Doc not learn my lesson from last year and spend on Utley?
Tabu Lounge SA - tonight's gonna be hot!
Text Me
Looking for a HH spot for tonight? Come hang out with us on the patio! Beautiful weather, and even more beautiful drinks for $5 until 7!
One caveat coming from NJ, I am a sucker for Organ Trios and Chris Foreman can play that B3 Power to the Leslies!
Seems like they they are finding every excuse in the book to keep from working. The latest has been, "The grout needs to dry"
& every1 who has a day off in honor of those who serve & have served our country, spend the day Lunch, shopping, great exhibits.
Yesterday has gone. Today is New. Tomorrow is hopeful... Let's do this!
hell yea... I bust my ass to help everyone can't somebody show a LITTLE appreciation.. Remember that when ur hands out..
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
Yessir RT : raise it up this week?
Happy birthday !
Congrats to all the SRU seniors graduating!
thanks for adding me to your UX list...
Hope you're having a great week!
A 1 hour fire drill @ our building. Prepping Celebrity Trash and Bash in my car. SMH!!!
Its a Safety Suit kind of evening.
LOL maybe! Maybe he's got it down to a perfect science and is laughing at us with our too-hot food.
Learning blog is something we have discussed but for it is perceived to be a much more significant commitment.
It's amazing how one hand can completely turn your poker session into S**T. AI with QQ ( huge bet) after I got reraised. AK calls. Flop K.
Menards is donating metal, yard storage shed to Vikings for their new hall of fame.
i hate when im on the couch and i hear my phone ring in the other room.. fml
They probably all have Occupy Portlanders. #occupypdx arrest them all!
Good point.
thank you love!!
On the road to with Bagman! The meals have been insane!!
been there ass beatings then again I've came back when down by over hundred
will you be my super man? ;)
according to the AP, the choice "Other" is currently leading Jon Huntsman by 20 votes.
shoulda been another L... Love hate.... I'm just being silly
You know what today calls for. Beer battered bacon wrapped tater tots, smothered in chili served on a pizza. Your heart will go Supernova.
Wigan vs Blackburn starts in ten mins, home from work early so I'm gonna have a beer and watch the match. No surprises there.
shit is fucking good, that's why
are you still at school?
ERGO Baby Organic Carrier Petunia Pickle Bottom - Peaceful ...
I know i better be gettin a plate on my lunch break or ima be mad at somebody
thank you! I can't wait to meet the team, xoxo
so, what? Vote for Gingrich? Paul? I mean, you may not like the choice but hey...is not voting a solution?
whatup RIO!! Day 1 of 2 shows in RIO starts today. WE READY!
im still stuck on Miami! :( LOL we in sync with our non ny likes! ;)
So far: Church, long talk w/hubby, Twitter checkin. Now: Yard work. Later: BBQ w/good friends -- elkburgers on the grill :)
IM FCCKIN HILARIOUS :)
Perez close the fucking door already!
wanna have a beer with me?
Sinatra would be impressed
I really wanna go to ikea
oh nothing much tootsie
Agreed. We tried everything, and we will surely continue to investigate.
It is what it is
I was actually going for the 2 hendrick cars towards the end, (Kahne and Jr).. jus glad Ky busch or Kenseth didn't win
Hello all...
Sitting on the couch with the windows open counts as going outside, right?
"If you hear a voice in you saying 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." [Vincent Van Gogh]
we won our game! we broke our losing streak! yaaay! :)
Booboo is in it so that's how haha
Hey. Your name is like my name. Weird, huh?
Hahaha for sure :)
Ticket Mouse Droppings
Us too! RT : Who else is ExhibiTweeting at #MPSA2012? So far:
thanks for flirting with me via twitter. Made me smile. I am ready for bigger things in my life. So I am refocusing on art again
maybe we will include you in our next one!
Agree. There is such a thing as an overcrowded chat!
they didnt make you show your membership card?
going to sleep early tonight
Check out the Elwood prom photos in Monday's Herald Bulletin.
Thank you. I found your profile through a friend. Awesome profile.
Yes they should. Gay people have the right to be just as miserable as married couples ;)
still in bed, pretending I might hear about a snow delay if I wait here long enough.
Come celebrate the long holiday weekend with us! The museum is open until 5 p.m. Friday through Monday. (Opening Sunday at noon.)
I liked before you
lmao. Oh gee. Freak out bro.
thank you Cindy!! have a gr8t weekend!
follow back kinfolk act like you dont know nobody..
Meli American Bistro TONIGHT with guitarist & Baltimore Legend MICHAEL RAITZYK!! 8-11:30pm Don't miss it!
went to the best man hunt party lol
maxim is entertaining but you didn't learn anything useful about women. Trust.
I feel like their practicing street fighting lol
#Bands #Artists join Dagnomusic.com today! Sell your music and you keep 100% of the sales!
ha.haha.ha :D
Football all day baby!!!
Yes. I live in DC, so easy commute for me. :)
And for the record, I have an iron stomach. More than I can say for 10-15 people on this flight.
Just saw some guy shamelessly lick a handrail for cash. That's one way to start
praying for an easy practice
Congratulations, ! How are you going to celebrate?
Do it.
Breach suspected at Japan nuke site Two workers suffer burns after wading into water 10,000 times more radioactive than normal.
Thanks Chris! You shoulda been there--it was a lot of fun. /te RT Congrats S'food!
Thank you! Let's home this keeps taking on steam! :-)
I bet you guys don't show up to the funeral in Chardon tomorrow. =)
Good luck to you all!
shhh! I can finally get higher scores haha
Hi Mr. Aronson, Thank you for the follow. Feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to our industry.
Yay! You will! RT : oh ok, I think you've convinced me to do it. Hopefully we get a spot. :-)
In 2004, Barry Bonds' OBP was .609, he walked 232 times, hit 45 HRs and struck out 41 times. Remains as ridiculous today as was then.
#supportlocalmusic Live in 5min with a few long songs.
idk if this tweet went first time or not, but come serve free food and play with lil kids goose hollow family shelter tmrw 7pm all welcome!
lol whats a park? Lmao never heared of a park. Lol i get bored of them.
#YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it
what time is your appointment tomorrow?? I think we can start counting the hours until you get your train tracks off! Haha <3
you are welcome! btw I like your video on technology & education...I think the key is in empowerment, not in control.
I call plays like I'm the quarterback my team never take a loss never hit the sack
They say that love is forever Your forever is all that I need.
this y i hate being stuck bored for 2 long,because this is when i get to thinking about everything just a lil 2 hard...
I know what you mean. I have those nights a lot. Hope you get some shut eye though :)
STRIKE A POSE!!
Boy, are you in for a surprise. Hehe.
Chris and Jason are HILARIOUS!!!!
thats not very nice
This is the snake that is loose. I'm going to take you home if I find you!
Sweet. Is Paso Robles a client?
Thank you Sonny!! If I do I'll send a shout out :)
Babies? Haha. Kidding.
I would love to see what that presentation would look like!
Off to complete my third layer of revision. I really like the layering technique it's not as overwhelming.
NVM! Just a two-pointer.
"This Sunday, we will be watching the Super Bowl not only for the game, but for a world class lesson in marketing"
Having to be the only adult in your life.
Craving grits...
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
Using the #(+topic) on Twitter can be a great way to create an ongoing discussion board in your class
Feeling okay for once
'Electric City' to join charge of animated shows onto Internet - PopMatters
Thanks for spreading the word!
Sounding good Bro!! Was that "Brown Sugar"?
because it just feels right. and we have high ceilings... so smells don't linger... it's the little things i like about the job
everyone is saying they are but it hasn't been announced :/ my mum doesn't realise I won't be talking to her until after June 9th!
TEASER ALERT! TEASER ALERT! BIG news coming from Indy Reads on Monday. Stay tuned for an EXCITING announcement!
one more day of finals then its vacation
RT“:I’ll b on 2morrow at 7AM, tune in to see how my plans keep backfiring,thought it would b way easier than this.”
well it was good till the alarm clock went off
Great meeting with today - Thanks for all the healthy snacks!
Don't jinx the Reds! It has been far too long since they have been good, let alone even had a winning season! Tired of Cards!
Enjoyed your presentation on Tuesday. ;-) And we love having you all as a community partner.
Town Hall meetings are so exciting!
Being an Aspie means I can SUPER FOCUS.
The bottom of my feet hurt .
Why would a "liberal" think????
I hate it when I do something amazing AND NO ONE SEES IT!!
I just completed one about my own doozy & it was more of a "what I hoped" "what happened" "what I learned" piece. That help? -
u can always try #AdvilPM's less sophisticated yet equally effective brother #whiskey. Will put u right out on flights.
Great weekend. Now time to read a good coupon book and head to bed:)
lol, show off
I'm just trying to get use to this thats all i didn't know u can tweet on other ppl page
Does that make you "a bit of a prat?" That's my title... And I may insert that phrase into my vernacular.
Will I see you at ?
Theres a guy walking outside my window singing love songs...
Walking to lunch downtown in a Pekka tshirt & heard "Go Preds!" from a passing school bus of field-tripping kids.
Very appropriate 4 his birthday RT : "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." Nelson Mandela
old school hip hop/rap from the 80's and 90's is thee best to me hands down its like my addiction...
I'm not a fan of bieber but I must admit I am well jel of him
did you receive any type of confirmation?
I've been travelling for work all week and my 10 year old son asked "Dad...are you going to be home in time for Not Top 10?"
sorry didn't see your tweet. until now.. The winner was my longshot play, just because I liked the name..lol
thanks for the welcome! Glad to be part of the online #caschools and #earlylearning convos!
Our bad on the Pirate game. Canceled, we've just been informed...
yes! more trees more trees more trees!
Whenever you r in a relationship and do some devious shit to your mate..just know it ain't fun when the rabbit got the gun!
Agree 1000% RT : I would much rather have Schiaparelli's insouciance than Prada's earned chic.
is kickin some major a$$, Im lovin it!!
Hi Victoria! I'm taking a writing break but gathering my thoughts to get back to the Might Oughta Keep Singin' book. seeUsoon!
We have more people in jail for violating a drug law than ALL of Western Europe locks up for everything.
I would love an #EngageorDie sticker! Excellent, succinct advice on so many levels!
i am so late with this but my morning was/is great. :)
well.. it's about that time to go to work. adios, bitches.
love all of you I just ordered a Alexander Wang fur for Xmas perfect gift!
Hey what server host do you recommend for Wordpress?
Thanks for the follow! Ciao to Milano :)
Romney is a tone deaf dope who makes Kerry look Clinton-esque in his ability to connect w/ people.
Tried cross country skiing. Only slightly more enjoyable than downhill. Emphasis on slightly.
...haven't been this hurt in a while....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Anyone looking for a roommate next year in hays? Lemme know
look its my other account! ^__^ its for you <33
My buddy is veggie, but I really want that wizzy goodness. Are there any other trucks with you today?
this preschool final <<<<<<<
In secret places, far from pomp and pride, / The kind affections of the soul abide. (1850)
Did you know that writing guru is now on Twitter? Here's to taking it Bird by Bird, and tweet by tweet!
#subwayfitchat Monica, thanks again !!! :)
IKR! He'd be like sure sweetie, anything for my fans (: XD
grayson may be better but people at archer are better looking
Tired, I can't wait for the trip.
My pleasure.
Feeling like I've got #life all figured out; I remembered to get a new roll of toilet paper BEFORE sitting down.
#20ThingsAboutMe 10) i will be a freshman in highschool in august! :D 11) i am always nice to people. 12) team single!
Getting ready to photodigitize whole vessels from the NPS collection of Chaco Canyon ceramics. Gulp.
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
Jesus...is just a Prayer away.... WE are Never really Alone Jesus...waits for us to reach out and seek his Help and his Word... God Bless
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> My bitch in twitter jail!!!! Ctfu cause we was JUST tweeting about being in jail <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Today has been a beautiful today, how was yours, and remember bitches be honest.
Hey, remember Britney in Fahrenheit 9/11 saying we should trust G. W. Bush? ;)
dont deny it. U want this lol
CONGRATS to Crystal Bell on being named ASun Defensive Player of the Year!! #fearthefin Time to do work in Macon!
It's time to raise up a generation who's saved not only in church but on the job, in Publix, at the pool, and on vacation.
that sounds great, hope ur having an awesome day!
I'm just a hopeless romantic
I almost just fainted! I'm so happy! I cannot believe they won!!
I'm following you! :D
Much love for Toomer though sainthood seems an unfortunate burden. The Byrd/Gates NCE was one of my all-time favorites to work on.
I HATE the TV show MASH...HATE IT!!!
Great to hear Indy getting such positive vibes. Even with all the people, not many arrests or probs.
For real? 6+ inches of snow possible for monday? Damn!
That looks awesome and well done. I'm flattered it made you think of me. Kickstarter to launch early next week!
Guild Wars 2 CE - $150. I wonder if the discs are made of gold. Maybe the figurine has a hidden stash of gold?
If my one-year-ago-self had known what I'd be like now, I would've died flat out. It's amazing how complacent to failure we become.
It will be tough, but really can't say this team is out before that game takes place.
yes! Ours is...You tryna do the water park too! Or instead?..bc ours is AWESOME, you should come!
{leans in and whispers} yes she is, my new twitter pet. SS she doesn't know I eat meat, thinks I'm Vegan. {Winks}
Henderson the Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain King.
Happy Birthday
The other night I had a really long dream where we were traveling all over Barcelona & you were trying to teach me Catalan. :)
word! Pdx is where all the magical things happen. Like Neverland, but with more pirates.
after hearing your report from last night I feel determined tonight ! I will be trying my best!
After 4 months with my blog #BarnScoop, today marks the day to reach 1,000 total views.
Great Halloween show last night! Thanks to everyone who came out. Time to rest.
Great class last night. Check oit MTB studios. Mary T Boyer is a great teacher and from Detroit! U can't lose!
CSI T-shirt – I Ate The Evidence Adult Royal Blue Tee
I know lots of people who hate their Android phone, but none that hate their iPhone.
Congratulations to the class of 2011! We admire your hard work & dedication and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!
Augst: lecture hall system perceived as potentially more influential mass medium than print ca. 1870
Chapter 32 is up :D Go read.. Goodnight guys <3 ~Leanne<21
Do you see issues with minority shareholder oppression after a small biz goes big on
good day to all. enjoy your weekend. look forward to tweet-in later............... ciao.
good you can catch my father while hes up too hahahah
It's tomorrow. Tomorrow is the big day. Will they...I mean we...release the art work?
Sunday rainy day movie time #ET #fortheonehundredthtime with my little man PERFECT and PRICELESS
Bah hah! Don't drive angry! hey look it's at drupa
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour & Russell Counties until 01:45 PM
Thx to for the free #FanFest ticket! Check them out at the boat show in the other half of the convention center this wkend.
Tonight at Steamers in fullerton-- BUCK'S VIBE! 8pm with Peter B, Willis, Dominic, Unique and Xavier.
ARIANA<3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha <3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece
Frosted mini wheats and vanilla silk soy milk is #onpoint this morning! :)
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. Karl Marx
Just caught your preso. Good stuff!
lol awh. Who knows what would happen if we got to meet her.
Why is HALO4 going to be native 720p? Why not 1080p? ..it's 2012 for f*ck sake!
Mentally, yes. But that was years ago.
#GirlsLoveWhen you tell them that they are BEAUTIFUL <3
unless I work. daddy has some big news to tell u!
My brother made me break my favorite nail polish! >:O #fuckyou #asshole #someonesgonnadie #SleepWithOneEyeOpen #imcomingforyou!
HUUURRRYYY!!! The NEGRA MODELO BEER LADIES are at D'Noche giving free appetizers away! they will be here for one more hour!
did you see that you and 7 were perfect?
Obvious to me and has to be to you has no control over the BelindaJackson situation why am I
Scrum - pen again. Pack dominating. I can feel a pen try coming
TBC or CBS?
Tonight at Vitello's in Studio City - Arnold McCuller - Long-time backing vocalist for James Taylor (Larry Goldings will not appear!)
I'm so scared of beaches it's not even funny I refuse to step on a beach let alone get by the water..
I need to wash my hair
Alas, I have gotten old. I tend to go to bed by 11 my time most nights. Just had something I had to get done. How are you?
TAking tips from for feng shui tips, she hasn't let me down yet
why didn't they shred this lettuce? seriously, there's a head of lettuce in my taco.
Let's be honest- probably wouldn't either. :)
Slowly. Going. Crazy. My subconscious insists plotting a Napoleonic spy novel, when real life demands I write about Nietzsche and WWII.
I'M MORE TIRED THAN A RACOON TRYING TO PAINT IN THE MIDDLE OF NOVEMBER.
I didn't even touch my Macbook for the past 24 hrs. Holy crap !
Winners concentrate on winning; losers concentrate on getting by. John C. Maxwell
RT : The key is to know when to drop out of a LI group thats not helping you.
i know! ahh!
It's depressing knowing that these tribe "fans" thrive off of Ubaldo making mistakes. it's (some of) your guys' favorite thing in the world.
Listen to my lor cuzzin on the mic down the strret lls he always make me laugh
Cool Ranch Doritos = the Cadillac of gas station snack foods.
Erwin, deferential, conciliatory, and courteous
A3a. Mental illness can make "normal" life challenging, for survivors with MI it's important to use your support system, resources
A Cleveland wedding which means we're doing wedding party pics at...u guessed it: Voinovich Park :-/
The fire is back.
in response to my last tweet, "they're called TYPEFACES, you savage"
More sophisticated procurement teams know they need to look at expertise, cots and quality.
It's not too bad right now, but the forecast does not look good
por whyy???you were getting good at ball???
RT : I have a further 20% off deals w/code ljmom. Go shop now for facial, lashes, car wash, etc-...
Movie/Video Casting for Extras!!! Get at me for info.. Shooting April 12th Miami Fl Or contact 18&UP M/F
Fucking pegs being a smartass. So true tho.RT : Everyone is a boxing expert only on fight night tho lol
lol. Yes. Autocorrect always makes my rants a little less poignant.
oh well we will be fashinable late (;
Happy follow Friday techies!
There better be a "let's win this one for Nick" mantra going on in the #Caps locker room tonight. His suspension is an outrage.
dude, that guy caught that ball with style.
Join the club! I have like ten books I need to read...
Woah - Survivor Man will be at the Seattle Columbia store tonight from 6 - 8pm. Love that show.
nothing ha
I will most def be in the building tomorrow night!
I never said I wasn't gonna kill him. I'm very fickle.
YOLO does not mean you fuck up your life to spend the rest of it in jail/ prison.
Sweet elbow to the head
What's your favorite dinosaur? :3
Great -Looking forward to meet the Vendasta team - Safe travels.
I just noticed all of a sudden they're canceling and that day is conveniently on April Fools Day.. #TellTribune?
Wee! New page, new handle... same me. I'm officially a member of the Twitter team!
Clever , very clever.
yah I saw that
Want to get lucky? Bring her Hibiscus: the most sexually suggestive flower. Cala Lilies come in a close second.
where's the refills?
WUT. who does that, i'll fuck a bitch up baby c;
Been me and 6+fish for over 12 hours, deep. Ask me how much I'm stuck...
The End of the Big Three As We Know it SMDH
Im seriously about to fall asleep.
Thanks. I have a sweet boyfriend.
i've applied to target in their store, i've applied to the department stores in cal-city that say do it online, i've applied
I can never get anything done because I get so distracted!
I was so giddy when they brought back Rock n' Roll part 2 though. #RememberTheIgloo man!
RT : From , when a woman is pregnant STDs can be more serious for her & her baby. Moms2b, ask your doctors about...
go www.motivescosmetics.com/elenasmith to purchase motives makeup. That's my cosmetics website. Questions send a msg <U+E415>
Happy Valentine's Day!
theme from Darling Buds of May; Dire Straits Romeo & Juliet; Air on a G String (Hamlet cigars); anything from West Side Story!
it's honestly pathetic.. but I'm kinda jealous cos I love Madison!
I just want to play music.
congrast on going to districts !
RT : Fauquier Eyrie staff is finally selling eyrie pies and other goodies tomorrow! #getpumped! And bring lots of money!!!
I'm seriously cracking myself up right now in bed.
“: Don't be mad coz I speak the TRUTH ya bitter chickens.....Blurr The Lines 1.2.12 ;)” I like my chicken fried
Which Bond Movie?
It's always beautiful on Southport! :-) RT It's a beautiful day to take a stroll along Southport
we're based out of nj but we're in ny every other day. Why, what's up?
I got friends in low places. . .
I am a #badass and I know it! Word of the day ADAPTABILITY.
Listening to the game on the radio is far superior to watching it on TV, commentator-wise.
they keep the drinks cheap in Pittsburghs ballpark to make sure we don't notice the team.
#LTNY up next: international data concerns w/ experts from Cleary & B of A, led by the incomparable ^BM
We've got a LOOP T-shirt as a prize for our 200th follower! Is that going to be you? (Limited sizes, but they're snazzy.) RT it up!
Do any live tourneys have the 35k/70k level?
Moving BSE Productions fwd, talking to the pros and getting out of my own way :)
I know you"re online(; don't be scared to hit the follow button! (: go ahead! I don't bite :)
I'm a broke joke but I'll join!
the awkward moment when you pull up next to a poilce car on a red light!!!!
That is a really great
RT : A new series, Degrees of Debt, examines soaring college costs and the debt students take on in pursuit of education....
Your welcome how old r u I'm just askin be u look like 16 or 17
A guy at the bookstore says some people are born with psychic veils of skin covering their eyes and the clerk says, "Don't go there."
RT if you like tuna, did you know it pays to just catch one is a lot of $$$
we have to try to "luck out" and be in the right space at the right time. but teens don't want adults in these spaces.
Thank u
ok thanks bye
about the guy?
me please! I love you
I feel very strongly that a BA should analyze business, and a UXer should design the user experience
Thanks for that. Glad my 'Letters from Asia' are making it all the way to Wisconsin and that you're enjoying them.
great looking site.
Yesterday hit 94 degrees!!! says we were just a few degrees away from the record. Ouch
my twitter background is smexy xD
GO GREASE LIGHTNING!
#nowplaying Catherine Russell "We the People." Big shot of
Nick Gillespie is terrible...everytime he spoke I would hear "It rubs the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again."
Ha! Me, too. RT : IF I HAD ANY MONEY I WOULD BUY STUFF LIKE NOW!
Hey Natalie!It was great to Meet You in Silverlake.Just wanted to tell YaI'm playing tonier if You're around.
And there was much rejoicing! RT : What has two thumbs and is moving to DC?!? THIS GIRL!! And the job hunting starts NOW! :D
Allnighter or no? That is the fuggin question.
I think people coming together = how change Starts.
longs ass busy day.... staying home...
- I think it's about unfairness. People don't get this worked up over $5. They get worked up over injustice. (even if perceived)
So very very tired of snow!!! Get me out of OHIO!!
I wanna big b*tch wit an invisible part & gold teeth in some biker shorts & a kobe bryant jersey....
: Thanks for mentioning BigOven -- I'm the founder. You mentioned a login problem? Can you elaborate? Thx if so.
Where did the #Colts get that two-tight end idea? Copycatting to help Andrew Luck with Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen
Had a wonderful time with Abundant Life Church this morning and looking forward to being with the women at Indian Rocks Church tomorrow!
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Hanging out with today. The show tonight is gonna be crazy!
omg love it!!!
Man, found the video of me singing Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go on accompanied by the piano for my singing class...I want to sing again :)
what would u do if u had 12million dollars?
he is a phenomenal singer We love to listen to him in our house! He just needs a publicist & someone who can teach him 2 interview
Cheers to you!
Thinks of you and us .
as long as Indiana keeps running Hibbert at Bosh, Ru Paul will struggle
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 11 row H seat 26 I think harry should show us some hip hop moves... :)
M. RT : mussels with sausage and pesto.
The Wards, Stevie, Julie, Sammi, Carly, and I just spent about 20 minutes watching a slug. As we make jokes.
I can't believe that. I'd call the union in a heartbeat.
Saturday in da house!
I just need too leave..
something corporate are amazing. i agree 100%.
Gossip Girl's on now, Hart of Dixie's All New at 9PM! Then, get your local news/weather/sports with The CW20 News at 10!
You don't like salsa music?
I am darkness, I am sin. The Queen of lust invited in. Reborn at last to cast my fecund shadow on this world.
Did you know that it's actually only you're 9th anniversary? And that would be for BHY, and not AHY. Unbelievable.
Just found my star actress.
My instrumentals are getting extreamly better ")
thanks Kyle. U have been on it all week.
Pollution report: More Americans breathing easier
This tweet is for cool people only. Who saw the new asking Alexandria video?? :) was it not amazing?
everybody go follow and subscibe him on youtube:)thanks he goes hard:)
The same way the universe is expanding, the same way our mind should also unfold daily.The more the mind is 'enlarged' the Better!
I got a bitch who has a habit, spending stacks on nice fabrics
If you are an autism service provider, please provide a list of services you provide, location, costs and email me at .
- Great series of RT's on real stories of lifesaving help given by Planned Parenthood. Keep 'em coming.
Wait NO D. Wade! You didn't really say that seriously.
Helping Texans refinance and consolidate debt is our specialty! www.amcaphomeloan.com
#OnMyWishList for today: discounted #pizza -- totally going to use i-deal
That used to be my song lol
who is online?
England keeps enticing me with web standards guys and gals. I want to cross the pond to see it for myself.
I just saw your tweet about the stalker...that's very weird. *cocks pistol back* lol
Good morning sweets! Hey I saw a birdie I don't know and I can't find her in my book??
Thank you!
Kudos on ur bathroom rant, and it's even more awesome that it was a kid #screw kids!
Eating my life away, and bothering people! Lol hbu?
hey Peyton! I'm doing a blog tv tonight! Can you please check it out?! And can you get ppl to watch? I'll watch yours today
I never go down town because of that reason
A smile, please and thank you go a long way. And be on time! It's not just talent they're looking for. It's also someone nice to work with.
RT : Great lessons through storytelling. is a great speaker. Entertaining!! Nice land #smss Agree!
Bears in Phoenix for Christmas?
Single and looking for someone who respects me <3
It's beautiful outside. I know because that glare on the television is ruining my whole day!
If any of you will be in the Panama City Beach area on Thursday May 10th, stop by Pineapple Willy's around 6:30 to enjoy some music!
If Columbus was looking for India he should've called Dell technical support
I use quicktime to do my screen casting, but I will check that out. Thanks!
Twitter, I'm not going to follow Lady Gaga, stop asking.
Without money there is no motivation
Don't be sorry Hoe next time be careful lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Balanced Energy for Texas Family! Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful Turkey Day!
Well...that might be the wrong term haha!
Stacy K.
It is officially the weekend!Today's drink is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :)
Is this girl really proud that her university is unaccredited?
Thanks S. I hope you are well and taking care of yourself.
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you. ;)
By championship I mean succeeding in the areas of life that are important to you. You might want more to make more money.
Fifty Shades Darker
I need some new people to follow.
i just saw lenny from aventura in the bronx in a black cadila with a blonde women next to him heheheheh I'm hype
ugh this is why I can't wait to get direct deposit
DeAndre Jordan has to lead the league in goaltending calls.
Good Luck my baby :)<U+2665>
What you have within you is what you use when you're without.
Gonzaga has a dude from ivory coast... Go zags
Why are big bands different? Having trouble following your logic here.
#history #museum #historical … to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Winston Churchill - 1946
Do it!vRT I am so tempted to go home and take a nap...
Father's Day lunch at the aquarium... Looking at the menu I thought I was back in NOLA!
Omg emilio remembered me?!
Father I exalt You! Because You are the Most High, I know that you can tear down walls and breech divides. Restore families Father!
Phillip Phillips.
they're our age!
plz follow me
great thanks again also do you think you can get Lamarr to send me one too
Some people be riddle'in lol
Good fight Canelo
thanks!! good to know! What's news with youse?? <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
NJ & California tried to tax Botox & cosmetic proceedures but failed. Dallas will be redubbed "the beautiful state" if passes.
It's a long and complicated process that could take years to explain properly.
- It is interesting. Any theories?
Should be fun to watch. Are you in Australia?
Smdh...guess all things come 2 an end
Any predictions on what open WOD 12.2 has in store for us?
OFF THE AIR AND OUTTA THE BUILDING...I MUST WREAK HAVOC ON THE STREETS OF LAS VEGAS. BUT, WHAT?? WHERE??? HOW AND WITH WHOM???!!!
Trust me when I say.." you'll be back "
Money from strangers!
#FF and for talking about Girls and for writing it. "The first time I #FF you, I might scare you..."
haha yeah who went and won a bowl game this year?
you forgot the "go live in a cave" part.
I love when I pop a pimple and it squirts on the mirror. RT if you agree :p
We love our Frenchman! Goal!!!!!!!
My 6yo to me today: "Papi you smell sweaty b/c you are sweaty."
Total BS!!!
Is it possible to die of laziness?
thanks for the support whoo hoo! Win Win win!
Ever get on an elevator w/lingering stench of the last occupant? Then wonder if the next person getting on thinks it's you?
holy shit that was crazy.
Bad news first... Nashville is a No. :(
Why are there children in the Adult waiting room at Franklin Square Emergency room?
seems if you wait a day or so, twitter removes them...but blocking them straight away gives twitter the feedback to remove them
tonight at Tru we got a crazy house music set by top Dj Daniele Tavella. Ask for Chris&Dave or hit me up
don't get ahead of yourself JA remember when the brooms came out in Dallas last may?
Hi Grace - Thanks for the follow. Best
Not performing hard rock location got changed performing at the rage post info tonight April 14 still
48% funded on kickstarter for our fanfilm #gijoeinitiate. Thanks to and for all the support.
We had school today
We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for #txla13 - our 100th conference!
RT : We're less than a month away from announcing all the details of this year's festival! Who's excited?
I see Buzzfeed's Web Site & the Politics Section online is getting lots of Hits by Political News Junkies, etc.
is coming from...maybe. But I think purple rocks...good second place pick.
Sometimes I wish you were in my life, but most of the time I'm glad your not.
As you approach the week, remember life's most persistent urgent question is "what you are doing for others?"
great talk today at Georgia Tech! We would love to interview you on the next time you are in Atlanta
I've never felt better.
I want a lot more than the boy next door, I want hell on wheels
looking forward to learning a lot at public safety and crimefighting in age of twitter wkshp at John Jay
#WiseWordsToLiveBy All She Want Is Money..
RT I really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less drama and sadness. :-)
I'm talking V-squad. I retired the from the dream team
Awesome site with awesome recipes and a vital of history on Hebrew customs and faith.
I think I leveled up in Microsoft Excel. Learned how to combine INDEX and MATCH formulas! Now I get +10 to database management! :P
A new Google employee is called Noogler, and later transitions to be called a Googler.
does anyone else wish there was a "like" button on here like there is on FB ??
is my email working? people are slacking. now let me try to pull what they're doing right now and won't I get called out.
I need some NyQuil so I can OD
Staff are at the lovely Chrysler Museum in Norfolk today talking about museum professionals 'Wearing Many Hats' in their jobs.
RT Minimum number of edits to Wikipedia, from Summer '04 to Fall '07, that can be traced to the CIA: 310 (Dec '07)
i totally pigged out last night w/ the alcohol & junk food how the fuck i wake up this healthy! >:)
no broken strings?
Can't blame #Pedro for swinging at that pitch. He just wanted some more!
UES. The staff was super friendly! My sister lives in the Beach in TO and introduced me to the company.
how do you accidentally discover such a thing? Using /me ironically?
Damn today was slack af
you da man
can't say i do either, It's definitely a spectacle!
how would an inquiring ear inquire
I haven't been on twitter for a whole day :O
CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors
I'm with you. Where do we start?
good morning... all is well Detroit?
I did read your bio, but alas, I did not memorize it.
happy Momma's day:D you're a cool mother! Have a amazing day!
Know of a reliable source for research? Most of them seem like garbage, ignoring longevity looking forward and backward.
Hi sweetie! Im Samantha from a show called Samantha's Life! If you can find t please watch! Already 1,000,000 veiws! <3 ya!
NLP sometimes sucks and hurts...
Sweet Mac, sellout.
Just woke up. Uh-oh.
Yes!!! Monday morning, woke up with good progress now fingers and toes crossed for the meeting!!!
Enjoy, Champ.
many thanks for the kind message.
A2: Getting pictures and stories from past events is a great way to share experiences and get wider support.
were u from
#ThirstyThursday Try to get your hands on Chateau Lafite 1787, once owned by Jefferson--his initials are etched on it. $160K
We want the graphic!
Sometimes life deals you pocket aces, poker or not. I feel...lucky. As much as i wanted to hate 2009 i don't, anymore. 2010's my year, tho..
#SmackDown come on shamus bet him up
has tons of new settings to tweak your profile. So here goes test
If you need a lover & a friend, baby I'm in
Been sitting on the floor studying for the last 4 hours! Almost exam time. Here we go --
If money cant buy me happiness why is it one of the few things that make me happy?
Eat healthier for a balanced life & try Pu-er tea for the many benefits. Check the food pyramid for a balanced diet.
thanks! We missed you!
Evan, Evan, Evan
I don't believe in war it's wrong &the, #HardestThingToDo is to be a soldier in a filthy war, what they experience is horrific,
A nice woman came up to me just now at Starbucks and complimented me on my HRC stick on the front of my laptop. :)
RT : When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done. <-so true
10 minutes till hosts another amazing
My tummy hurts
hoes these days.
I called my mom earlier, she is in a very good mood. Happy Mothers Day to every mother out there!
hey doll, how are you?
Enjoying your day off with your family? who tf is your family now? that amazon bitch? fuckkk you.
RT : Checkout the and booth #548 at the
Beaming from ear to ear... God is GREAT!!!
I didn't buy a Mega Millions ticket. And I still have about the same chance of winning as the guy who bought 100.
You and wanna pimp out my Hyundai for me?
Hey please follow me! It Heaven Thompson from facebook
haha(: OMG I STARTED TO LAUGH SO HARD WHEN YOU SAID THAT AND NOW MY PARENTS THINK I'M CRAZY! haha but dude yeah(;
Corey Crawford has no ability to be a hero this year. None. He will never have a shutout and he will never steal a game. #useless goalie
Where's her sombrero? :D
Woke up this morning sore as anything
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! #proudmahomie .(:
Sadness is not always a decision; it is a part of life.
Thanks for the follow, and your great parenting tips. Looking forward to sharing your content with my followers!
Yoo my girl is da best she understands me better den any1 n my Cuzzo Matt
im aware. Message me on fb.. I have to tell you something.
when fake justin accounts follow me <<<<<<<
It is hard to understand the specific issue you in the way that you have phrased it. What number are you referring to? Thanks.
Dave #fme Tippett is probably regretting another stupid penalty by the
How many of you #Badger hockey fans are thinking about coming down before our during the game tonight? Should be a good 1 against #Denver!
oh my GOD. I freaking LOVE you. I loved your rant. You're gorgeous. Ohman. I love you. I feel like we're losing our boy.
anyone want a ship? tweet me a number and a pic(:
Cool story bro. My favorite part of the story was when you stopped talking
¿Cómo estás? How did you find me?
« do something nice for yourself right now» I am, I'm at the dentist! HA! HA!
Holy snikes. We'll be turning 1 year old this June!
Recently discovered podcast and really enjoying the discussion.
I took a shower late last night but I took another one this morning just to wake my ass up
His assignment is to learn how to pitch at the big league level!
lol I'm no guy.
Michael Fassbender - MTV Movies Blog
Now debating in whether I should go to the beach or A's game... Aghhhh!!!!
Watching Supernatural with this booger head :3
The Yankee Candle - Man Candle line intrigues me. Curious as to how they smell.
you have my support. great hire by !! All i heard was praise about the hire but i live in a bubble
Hey! You! I shall call you--- Squishy (;
Thanks so much for the follow :)
relaxing,reading,swimming,bonn-fires,loud music,spending time with people you love,making memories - oh I so love summer time!Happy 4th!!
At lunch, a suggestion to start BabySteps, or, sub meetup groups born of #giantstepsMN. Anyone in?
#Socialanxiety is a problem only when it's so severe that it's excessive & causes major issues in overall functioning & quality of life.
I remember now why I only watched McGruber once
Just a damn good day That is all.
2 more days until Christmas Break!!!!! I love the benefits with this job!
Doing very well, waiting on the Sun. Still collecting $$$ for my project #BearsStillSuck bumper stickers :)
Welcomes Jennifer Gelber to the Advisory Board!
Click on our Coupon menu atlinkrefill.com to save even more that are normal up to 40% savings
"how does a girl not dance?!?!" -Kate
I consider it a kind of tyranny that a small, crabby minority of touchy people hold such sway over society....
Uh... I just assumed she reproduces like a Gremlin, which means... someone spilled water on her or fed her after midnight.
It's so damn hot outside!! <U+2600>
Unfair access isn't a new phenomenon. Social media can open access, or be a new tool to hide influence.
more reason to talk with you because you have time
So many great tweets going around today! Yay guys!!
wind, please go away
eating half a bag of jawbreakers and then having a conversation about refined sugar is a great way to feel disgusting.
Its weird when people try to sound deep on twitter and end up making no sense at all
I cannot wait my dear! Good luck!
Is there a way to get on your radar for a review?
aw thanks daisy! I love the necklace, so glad my boyfriend picked up my hints sbout how pretty your jewelry is ;)
he said GRAND ;)
Where does time go?
#stm2012 citizen science: aka great sunflower project started highlighting on Scientific American
i wish he were home.
Love that u found at such a special place to be! Wishing you a happy 4th!
Getting some Dions. Still recovering from bday.
how do I download your first mixtape with the Whitney jump on it, we use to bump that shit on REPEAT at the VANE STORE on riv
us white dudes appreciate you too gabe
The sickness is in how greedy capitalism creates a plutocracy. Then we indict the victims, who never had a chance, for losing.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
People don't give time anyone. Because some have become selfish. And that's very sad. Just let Nobody Steal Your Joy.Smile
Yes I have a 100 in math. Suck it.
Same here boo... and enjoying every minute of it!
Im in the mood to randomly unfollow someone
Good luck to everyone doing Ironman St George this weekend!!!
.. awww .. def had a good time performing and partying at john's wedding reception :-)
Agreed. I think they need to get rid of Skiles, need a fresh voice on there
Get out of the drizzle. SECCA's open till 8pm. New exhibition -- Margarita Cabrera: The Space in Between. See a Hummer made of fabric. FREE
at this rate you'll need to be in the Cotswolds with all the other petrolheads! Where have you been lately btw? Not seen you much
And Believe in thy self... RT : Im glad to be here, is there a topic of the day?
Cris Paul going to LA Lakers!
Awesome free time management device. Good for freelance stuff. I just downloaded it, and I am already in love...www.chrometa.com
yes I do lol
never heard of him.
Love it!
I am siting at Christiphers salon getting a new birthday hair color
What's your dotability?
bear trap! Ouch!
omg lol i just went on youtube n saw this switch so i like click on it n nao i can close the light or turn it on in youtube :)
Guess we'll just have to start a new league out here in the desert... :)
We're #AmeezinglySwagalasticWeirdishBesties ;)
Can I get a what what
Why do you like to be called Daddy?
Fun Fact: St Louis Cardinals 2012 run differential is +70, Texas Rangers +65, next closest team is +24
i found out
smart person
You know what this game needs more of? Defection jokes!
Obe, sorry to hear about Lolo Tomas.
That's cute!
did you get my voicemail?
I don't know about you, but I've been #winning all week thanks to
Just watched lindy lose power from the train on my way home.
It's truly a sad day in Austin and for a lot of pups who loved him. Our hugs to the Mannix family. www.statesman.com/news/local
Nice to live in a world where retro photo simulations are worth a billion dollars.
Quick. Turn to page 42 of THE GREAT GATSBY. Did Nick and Mr. McKee just...ya know...have relations?
So I slit his throat with my pocket knife.
At Firestone puttin new tires on my car $2000 P Zero tires. Blessed <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Congratulations Girl!!!!!!!!!!
Ahaha i only saw it oncee but im gonna have to watch that episodee Hahaa
we are still due Pinot dinner. Cc March madness perhaps?
I'm working on a tour that buys back textbooks from college kids. So I'll be at U of A all weekend!
Please pray for my back
RT ": People celebrate YOUR birthday by getting drunk without you and giving presents to each other and not you #WWJD"
That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side
Hi Lara, thank you for that great segment on my dating video this morning!
oh man! I totally would have taken you up on that offer! Raincheck?
I txted u sunday and got no response
fmr NC Sen Queen (D) now up 18 votes (was 12) in NC House 119 Dem primary after canvass
You are very kind! Thanks for the
Fisher Price "Talk To Baby Digital Monitor" For the mom who wants to be able to talk to baby without entering thenursery...
bo. Totally missed tonight's game, hope it was a good one!
Honey cocaine c;
I'm sorry cat
I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their "attractiveness" to get ahead at work much harsher ...
Let me know.
So rainy today. What is up with the weather. C'mon!
Happy Holidays to our Alliance Friends and Family. Thank you for your service to communities and continued support.
You should remove mcafee and get avast instead... avast.com.
it would really nice if you would noticed me!
Trying to read Harry Potter but Ronnie has distracted me with Toy Story 3
wtfff I'm here till Friday:(
That's a good thing! Sustainable
Baking homemade donuts this morning!
Just talked to Jj & I've never been so shaky but yet so calm, it was like talking to an angel. & I didnt cry.
no; you made it real. the article just helps it spread to where it needs to go. don't get frustrated cuz you're at the vanguard!
All #Fireballs!! CVP reopened !!
yep...that's why I always finalize my mocks by 6pm night before so nothing said matters lol
RT : "If we had as much oil in the middle of the country as wind/solar, do you doubt for a moment ... We would go get...
come in to Brake Specialists Plus! Call (512) 795-4066
hopefully she makes it through her routine
Ahah, no I don't think I can keep up to be honest. I haven't even got time to keep up w/ my Gregory tumblr :D Maybe later though
DM me your number and I will text you.
Merry Xmas to everyone! Let's rock out the rest of the year!!
"Hello Donny" was a great event by Abby Wilson et. al. Glad that great cultural events like this are happening in Pittsburgh. #Hello Donny
we went out last night, like we swore we wouldnt do.
have fun @ H3K today!
Tomorrow it is going to be cold. Good reason to make the last chili con carne of the season. It makes me wish for Fall to come again fast
Great use of , dude.
scientists are sexy?
I was disappointed when I heard you weren't running anymore. What a shame.
I just made 's Chocolate Spice Bread from The Sweet Life in Paris. We couldn't wait the 24 hrs we were supposed to. Still yum!
So here I am with the rest of the world watching El Clasico! Another day gone due to futbol but who's complaining! El Madridistas!!
Yeah same. Seeing him on the show at his best was a big eye opener for me. He's really good!
Is true. PS gotta buy my noah gunderson/lemolo ticket. That show is gonna be so groovy.
anyone at the 2004 MLS Cup could tell you that!
#f4f on my new page i can't follow anybody yet on this this one ma
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you & the
59 arrested during our State Fair prostitution tact plan. There would have been more arrests, but some of us really needed to get laid.
Taylor Gang or fall down 10 flights of stairs with roller blades on.
BiPolarMoment: Just entered into mutual suicide pact with my cereal bowl.
#Monologue tip: They will probably give you an adjustment in your audition. Adjust easier by learning your monologue by rote <U+FB01>rst.
#OWS #occupywallstreet #takewallstreet As an unemployed professional architect I support you! Unemployed for 19 months! Where's my bailout!?
#ThatsATurnOff Men who drive cars with vanity plates.
Presenting #legalmarketing industry survey results to NYC CMOs today! Looking forward to a good discussion.
Doesn't have haters...he just has fans in denial..
Why am i so sore?
The Lord orders my footsteps, hopefully they're ordered towards makin music with people passionate about it like me lol
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday
Had a great holiday. Love your work!
Happy Tuesday! How is everyone today?
Take the dog for a walk.
National Chocolate Cake Day Being undead has eternity, sex appeal, and v necks. But a bloodlust cake can't satisfy.
We'll be doing anti-rain dances starting the Wednesday prior....
I don’t have specific details on Mishawaka, but we're very excited to bring 4G LTE to the community next month.
RT : RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou? I still think about you all the time, and I miss you more than you know... But I
DONT NORMALLY GET 2 CATCH MYSELF ON RADIO BUT 2DAY HEARD MY INTRO FOR ANDREA WILLIAMS SHOW ON JAMMIN 983!
He can feel his legs! Anna and Bates, heartbreak hotel?
Baruch boasts 15,500 high caliber students who represent 160 countries!
Giving presentations on plagiarism and academic honesty to student athletes. Happy to feel like a teacher again!
except Niall Horan. I'll love him forever and ever.
why hate book is called #hatebook "marketing communications environment provides context for marketing communications to take place"
What? on ? Yes. Will we be getting drunk on scotch & smoke cigars? Yes.
People keep talking, but they can say what they likee...<3
we jizzed at the same time.
thx for the follow! Keep spinning
Fox and Twitter Join Forces for Republican Debate
Someone should do a documentary on George Lucas' works between the Star Wars trilogies.
I've been there and you are absolutely correct. Also i appreciate all the work you do regarding cancer. personal experiance
that's great, I will try to make it there- love smaller conferences :)
That is great. I teach at St. John's and hope you will find world-class faculty who will help you become a greater person!
I think Randy and Jen Lopez, suck big time Randy you need to lose weight whitey lover
what you doing after school
OF COURSE!!!<3
Thank you I will keep that in mind.
Add me to the morning shift.
Oye!!! That's all can say.
Bitch you dirty as hell going to work
Cant hate a team thats playing good basketball
thanks for having your back episodes online. i enjoy kicking back with them in the evening
iPod to the rescue
Good Morning!!
Can someone tell me which one direction boys are gay? Please? Im so confused.....
On accordion? Okay! Or I could try on my new mandolin... Or kazoo. RT : All Along the Watchtower?
I didn't IDK where she got it
It's a shame stupid people can't stop thinking once they reach the edge of their knowledge. Instead they keep going. Patching the holes up.
now he wanna act righh (:
What's up, man? Trying to follow your last couple tweets...
Thanks Sunna! I love the way it came out too!
It's like Obama came out of the closet about what he thinks of coming out of the closet
I literally lol'd at that.
Does faster, better or cheaper matter most to customers?
thanks for following!
About to whip up another batch of veggie chili.
It is so windy in Vegas, I just saw two showgirls and a golf cart fly past my window.
I need to care les
RT : Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
Embassy suites San Antonio is beautiful and new, but service is slow. Front desk needs to improve as lines grow long.
Shower time.
RT : Hungry? Fish Fry at Cedar Ridge, as always! Best in town!
Which is why I look up & smile while typing. It takes guts to get up and share your thoughts. That deserves attention.
Jackie is now Lead Vocals for The Bad Trigger Band. :)
Catching up on Downton with the family.
Merry Christmas Eve Everyone! :o)
Developments in Pain Research | Drysdale Osteopathy
must have hit on and got turned down, he's being such a dick to him.
you saw it?
the seventh circle, I believe, with the sixth dedicated to those who design restaurant websites
I'm trying not to cry, but it's not easy.
yes! They are identical! Haha!
i know;) best ride of my life
Thank you for the kind words, Miranda!
a blizzard outside :) gotta love snow
Just cruisin'. T-minus 3 hours til you can kiss your 20s goodbye
#SinceWeBeingHonest Your friend looks better than you
Thanks for keeping me up to date on the draft with your tweets. 90% of tweets in my stream is coming from you right now.
RT No better place to "clean up City Hall" than w/ disgraced Mayor Roger Hedgecock at a developer's house. t.co/VDEfmJqC
The new Tweetdeck desktop app solves handful of old interface problems - hooray! Oh, but it introduces bunch of new ones.
Just put it all on my porch & I'll take it down to Goodwill for you!
because they are the enemy!
where should we start when we take over the world
Faculty and staff recognition ceremony...great reminder of talented, committed individuals I'm privileged to work with at #Edgewood College!
#NBA should set a hard age cap. 20 yrs old. Wanna play pro? Go to D League and get knocked up for like 2 yrs. Otherwise, college or Europe
Best choice!!
it's about time! haha! thanks for the follow mister.
I'm free.
Off to bed. Happy Valentines Day! #wouldntrosesbenice?
Thx for letting me stream entire TV seasons minus ads! Dead Zone marathon on now. <3
did you read all of that? Sorry for all of the rambling /facepalm
nice Amanda! I don't have a pinterest. Well I think I do. What do u use it for?
#Forrst welcomes you!
Big product announcement this afternoon, can anyone guess what it is?
Waohh! those #shit really looks good but seems to be photoshoped #dame !!!
who organized?
well here's an even healthier alternative to your regular cup of Joe, only w/o the jitters or crash.
I always liked comics where the aliens came through a dimensional gate deep in the ocean. Frogmen with pop-eyes and fins.
Sorry im in Missouri
"The Atomic Bomb is Shit": isn't that a cut aria from Doctor Atomic?
thanks for a great event!
I'll buy an ad on your elbow. I'll need you to carry it in front of your face though.
...is this bad? That is awesome.
My guess is that more than half of those kids won't become scientists. Teach them something they want to master instead.
RT : It is amazing to me that 10 of the top 15 grossing iPad apps in education right now are SLP apps! Go us!
Alright I'll go back outside at 5 when its no longer 90 fking degrees.
Happy Mothers day to all the moms! <U+E057>
sharks really scare my though i have got sting by a jellyfish to!!
The only thing we do is fight. And i cant do it
summer to come faster!
kewl! I'll check it out! Man I adore Rod Stewarts stuff!! Forever Young is my theme song!
No problem! We'll see you next time :)
Enjoy smudge free BEAUTIFUL eyeliner this summer. Doubles the volume of lashes on your lash line! Book ON line USE code SUMM12 $100 OFF
Does Boca Raton need a new mayor?
Good to see you out here in the Twitterverse! ~ rosie
on the contrary. More #baconbits equal
#BandsILove Panic at the Disco
“: Officially an Iowa hawkeye !!! Couldn't be anymore excited” welcome to the fam!
Heading to school...
I think the Marshal's Service would be a better fit, already a part of the Federal Courts. US focus is presidential succession.
Where is the line between a sports foul and battery? Interesting dilemma. Do games = diplomatic immunity?
Ooh, I need to hear that.
my computer just froze. It's probably because I didn't eat those fries.
#InOurGeneration Everyone complains about our generation.
Pier 70, located just a few blocks east of Homes on Esprit Park is soon to be the next vibrant and innovative development area in the city.
I wanna bike to work on friday! I have a huffy with yellow mag wheels. Is that cool?
I am here!
thats what you think;)
My Labrador Retriever ate my return envelope. Any hints on how to get another one, or what to do? She loves paper!
HOLY SMOKES!!!
Update coming soon to fix iOS5 issues. :)
RT“: happy that I was able to make it!!! You have some good stuff working there!!!! #showchoirlove"
what's funny and thank.you rude Ness !!!
Keepin it real with myself does the spirit good
wouldn't be hard at all(: <3
We found some typographic inspiration! Check it out on our blog, www.wearelux.com/blog.html share your inspirations too!
new Orleans next week
Lmao guess I should've said hi
I don't think gratuitous necessarily(!) = shown in the first place. Quantity matters less than power dynamics.
When you haven't had hookah all day and you finally get it at the end of the day!!!!
Haha RT : Take back ! We play Mckinley!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if your friend is being trolled or if he really came out...
Today was a big transition day for me saying thank you to the staff of UITS at UWM. Leaders often receive more than they give, true here.
RT : If it was up to me, my husband would father a child with each and every girl we have sex with.
the movie #Waiting makes me never want to way at restaurants lol.
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xoxo :)
Trials happen so we can turn them into a testimony on how God can uplift and even use the weak for his grand purpose. What's your testimony?
I've been #hacked!!!! Man, and I thought everyone wanted to find new ways to make money. I guess you all don't like money,
Finally exams week is over
I think should do a Justin Timberlake cover..hmm. (:
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today" -Lou Holtz ....it's a new day! GO BIG <3
If you succeed too well in your mask, there is no drama.
Where will you be watching #Game7 in Arlington tonight?
Can't wait to hear the results of ! Thanks to everyone who voted us BEST #GREEK in #Sacramento !
follow me please tnx
Bring LIFE to my work. Thx I'm working on it :)
Remembering today all of those who have fought for our country & those still fighting for our freedom today. THANK YOU & Happy Veterans Day!
There making a new ghost rider movie, HOLY CRAP!!!!! I'm gonna go see that.
I know )': miss it so much
You Only Live Once<3
Just for you baby.
Let me tell you why. Young ppl still want quality, but they want convenience. Makeup counter brands, with the exception of a few, often...
Is pat lee hammered ?
me sorry been mad all day long.i will thou.
- Can't wait to catch a show!
hope you like Money more than you like winning.
Linn-Benton Community College: Benton Center is closing at 6 p.m. due to power outage. All evening classes canceled.
Haiku brilliance found on Twitter: RT When they want to know.... Why this is and why that is... I will say: "$*@# you"
Stand back and look at the display you'll take to conference. Is it clear why they need you? keep it simple! designsmithvisual.com
When the sashimi lunch price goes up I order the chirashi.
preciate it chief ...
Hi, I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me<3
dumb byitchez come on the block to see who they mann talking to for what thats not your place to clown him where bidnezz at wtf
Today I solved a real life library problem. I love messing around with cataloging software...
": #Taurus is independent." *Clapping*
I'm not quite sure lol
All the better!
RT : Omg. Toys R Us is struggling to survive?! My inner child just cried a little.
glad to see you have such good taste in mobile systems.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
": Oh also remember when you called at like 3 am on the train"omfg she texted me about that yesterday
What bullshit. RT : Prop. 8 Stay is held -- no marriages until at least September. More to come.
yummy ain't nothing like it!!!! I'm bout to go cop some.... U at Stella house
It's good stuff, you just have to think like an instruction pointer.
The world is full of happiness that I have never known.
Didn't feel like cooking & against my better judgement ended up at Wendy's. ..
Hi Rachel, blessings fr NYC
We had a great time tonight in Sandy Springs, GA. Headin' down south to Macon, GA tomorrow night for a show at
Gay parade sunday on south beach, great way to end prom weekend!
thx Rich...appreciate the love and support brother!
I be tweet challenged too at the moment. Thanx for the mention! Hope life is treating you well. :-)
Baseball FINAL: Point Park 7, Doane 5. Pioneers (51-9) punch a ticket to Lewiston, Idaho for their 11th NAIA World Series in school history!
Will be glad to when the Indycars get to the ovals, just not a fan of a Road race!!!!!!!!!
funny as hell
about time you follow me -.- haha its me Marilyn now,
Co-signing on your rant. The pathology is so old and tired and old.
Roll your weed on this ass, that's an asstray.
Back to Bertie Co. Semester long project: renovate collapsed bldg into farmer's market; design; problem solve; build .. measure?
SMokin on some very #loud and sippin a lil
it's been about 10 years ;) Buffalo will win a major championship before nex def is solved.
how bought cup cake boobs?
I like to see people happy!
Taylor concerns me. Haha
Girls Feelin Groovy Disco Costume
I been more than a few maybachs 62s come on son I'm Bmo to the world blow
Overhead on the bus "They haven't proved cigarettes kill you". Wow some people are in denial. He is probably a republican.
Matthew 21....#Jesus tells you about present-day #bankers & how to fix them. :) Whos #atheist now?!? :>
Just saw two fat cops riding segeats on Maxwell Hahaha
Believe it or not, I can actually draw. ::: Jean Michel Basquiat :::
Now would be a GREAT time for Ramirez to prove me wrong. He's not THAT far past his prime is he?
Hello Twitterverse. It's been awhile.
so where are you going?
Is that code for Cameron? RT King Curtis just proposed to me.
Jelenators: Aww Boyfriend Is about Selena. Beliebers: NO BITCH HE WROTE THAT FOR US. Justin: It's actually about the migration of birds. LOL
hey nuthin much:) you? :)
I get to meet Thursday.(: Oh lord. I need a new camera! :O
- Shaking in your bones is required to dream up large colossal empires
But yeah, seriously, thanks.
BH Trivia A: General Oliver O. Howard, Civil War hero, founder of Howard University, & commissioner of Freedman’s Bureau. bit.ly/owoEnU
Prosecutor says three teen suspects in "Craig's List" murder are gang members. Mother of one suspect disputes that allegation.
they are watching the #NCAATournament, as you should be. You can start caring about the again in April.
Strangely calming watching with no commentary
Faith makes things possible, not easy. ~ Author Unknown
That is the right answer! (Good grrrrrr.)
no...they do time
WE WANT YOU! Interested in working for ? Live Casting Calls Oct. 14&15. 1-6pm. Check our site/Message us 4 more information
Damn its still early AF
haha! lol! you make it sound bad! and I love you too kristen lol! as a friend(:
Jammin to with
First management meeting on Thursday! Can't believe winter break is over already!
Hey Thanks for following!
Convinced the world he doesn't exist
Wealth is a great thing. It's all about ownership. The more you own and save, the more wealth you will have.
<--- 2 year anniversary today!
Best of luck in the 1k - win lots of chips and play your best.
I just finished Mockingjay. Bawling my eyes out omg
[cont] It doesn't seem like that much of a stretch from the natural-language parsing Google Calendar already does.
I like chocolate
love you bae
Ouch... that is all I can say.
yea ur life plans first then other stuff
I'm Feeling Lucky button sends you to your first results. Part of being delightful and unexpected.
When you are down and out something always turns up - and it's usually the noses of your friends. -Orson Welles
Enjoyed my first day at my first LOEX. Great presos, awesome food! Looking forward to tomorrow; can't believe it's almost over.
Ha whatever
Have a safe trip!
Now that's a cool trick!
best friend forever and ever <3
Me and my friends are in Memphis, TN tonight! Any of you wanna hang out? We're free till the show tmrw. We can get you in for free >:]
I have two agents sweating me today. Perhaps I too need an agent...?
Q2) Performance support is not training. It's #design. User-centered experience design.
We clearly have different perspectives and opinions on causality. Thank you for the spirited exchange.
Unfortunately like you, Diamondback is my favorite (and my baby) :) So I'd get sick as well! Stupid Ohio Weather! -Chris
Follow me and I'll follow you back... I say people aren't following you because your tweets aren't worth while.
I love fantasy factory
$33.50 for a book I never opened? I can fucks with it
Haha I do not. It's just nice to know that people are looking past tweets and seeing the real her now.
he's beyond it, the last few day weve talked.
favorite song from that movie!!!! Or maybe it's "Let's Hear it For the Boys", especially when that weird/funny guy danced
Exlibris Mid-Atlantic (EMA) regional user group welcomes all neighboring states to join us this evening at 5:45 Omni Fort Worth 2
So excited that has already sold some #MLS necklaces right when they became available online. Women love soccer!! #wunitedfc :-)
congrats on your engagement Jessica! "I only want to be wanted by you!"
hello! Ive missed you too!
even private people's can be seen when you tag them trust me ESPN blew me up. Haha
what pictures???
I hate the Lakers.
ASAP mob doesn't fuck around
Allowing photos definitely a start to letting visitors document trip.
I would love to get Alan Jackson's CD precious memories for mother's day. Hint hint
Yeah well I'm an ass too. Spoiler just annoyed me this morning because I was irritated I missed it last night.
My new favorite account to follow is Always has interesting tidbits.
Let me know when you've got an #indy date. Happy to help get the word out.
Yep, we got a building. No more paying rent for us-now on to the completion of construction! It's business, La Cienega, nothing personal :P
Been working for over 16 hours today. It sure goes by fast when you're doing interesting things.
there's a great shop called Room to Room.
Some days there won’t be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. – Emory Austin
haha i want to go but I cant even imagine how much tickets are this year
Who's ready for #ThatGirlRocks interactive campaign launch?? We are! Only 2 more hours! :)
LOVING this crazy rain! Maybe tomorrow will be the day I find a pot of gold.
Listening to "Why Wont They Buy" 5 Simple Secrets to Selling your Expertise at
Featured bands tonight at Church incl Pat Coman, Matt Koelsch and the Allies, Hafrian's Heroes, and Gravitas. Tix $7 come check it out.
we're not talking about bread here anymore, are we?
Totally agree - "Little Brother" was awesome Eli has been killing it tonight. Very funny. Awesome.
What did the house wear to the party???
As a Tech adjunct prof, my prayers go out to the victims' families and the whole Hokie community after today's shootings.
I'm not mad.. Glad I don't have to go through years of shit to find this out again... When it's worth it to U it'll happen..
Welcome, creative one.
About to Download more music.
I've been running around all day trying to get work done. I can call you later tonight if you're free. If not I can call later.
Sad news to start the day. Another loss in Afghanistan. Details on Z News in 5 minutes.
please come save me Scott! please,... don't let any of that ever happen to me.... please Scott.... I'm so traumatized
im not sleepy at all doe. i guess ill just watch a movies until i fall asleep.
Just found it - that's terrible. He was so young!
The Art Engine is getting ready to launch more workshops for artists. The Art of Selling Art. So Cal first.
naw I haven't. Where can I listen to it? See where you heading sonically.
Um.. I've never been friend zoned before.... #firsttimeforeverything ?
Tebow's career is over. He had a chance in Jacksonville, but New York is going to crush him. His choice though!
Yall can go follow our other accounts (Kayla) (Kayla) and me <3 ~Sara
My TL can NOT take any more ignorance.
watching The Vow gahsiflsis
currently enrollment is not available but the band will announce when it is again
Green Day covers and too many cigarettes.
Sports Cry
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. - The Amazing, M.A.
no! Was it good???
Dude. Patience. You're like a caterpillar. Next year is the whole chrysalis/awakening as a butterfly thing. I'm telling yah;P
i failed english. oops.
I love you you're everything to me amor <3
Im not throwing my phone no where! lol Who is the person doing the interview?
there's a federation of planets?
Get reporters excited to engage/respond to comments about their stories. -
Family in-town for #Thanksgiving?Put them up in our host hotel for a discounted price at the Hilton #Milwaukee City Center.Call for details.
seems ur crows had to say maybe next year far more often than Steelers6 lol
How can they blow so many similar calls? Hometown refs
not fuckin wit me anymore -.-
Good morning all!
I think there should always been a Ky boy on the Ky team! B/c of the pride a Ky player brings to the team! Like Miller
Interested to hear about some of those GREP tricks you no longer need . . .
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...ask yourself what a real friend is, and then do a recount of yours...
Like! Very eerie and quietly disturbing photo, Rebecca.
new ink is always good. i need some more!
You're welcome :)
Thanks brahs. I look forward to fucking the internet up with u guys. 140 words at a time. =)
It's weird knowing that I'll be a senior in a couple of weeks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Share Rickey lee watson and his new Video sweeping the country What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com itunes, Rhasody,Napster
So much fun tonight singing My Generation!!!
RT : It's in #downtownlv ... Party Arty, Las Vegas!
Pretty sure I'm gonna jump kick Brandon Marshal in the chest after the game.
haha! Same with me actually I was just a fan of her show which I still watch. It's only the Disney show that I watch still.
no u don't dont say that about ur self u look very preety
Who cares!!! shes nuts!!
............. him & i will have secret times in the hotel. btw, are you guys staying thererreee?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 8. I love Culvers. My favorite thing there is a "crazy for cookie dough concrete mixer"
GMail has finally made me switch and I hate it.
where you wanna meet up ?
"This nikkkkaa Ray J does not want one wish! He wants 900! It took me 6 years to realize that ish."
Snow in DC, if only a very little
Not even sure which team blows leads worse, the Chargers, the Cowboys, or my Dolphins. A plethora of suck between the 3 either way.
pretty much. haha.
Which would mean that you will need to be extra dedicated and keep on the correct track
I love when putting my piercings back in doesn't hurt and I can just pop 'em right in
Take advantage of the anabolic window (up to 30 min) post workout and have a well balanced snack.
None of you meant a thing to me. Now that I think about it, I was just around for the fun.
definitely shotgun no blitz
where were u lastnite my nicca?
can't wait for the new Dexter tonight.
Do you think Mr. Thompson knows about the best Aaron protectors that will be available in next week’s draft? I hope someone will tell him.
I've been told by many people that I have a beautiful singing voice.
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL bye bye chelski. and without Terry for the first 3 of your Europa League campaign next year, oh dear.
Oxford English Dictionary really add #OMG to the dictionary? What?!
Gotta risk it to get the biscuit #FiredUp. <3
How long are you accepting applications for your fellowship? Just waiting on a letter of recommendation.
Holla to my new followers!! I wanna lick all y'alls ass holes!!
I hope the tablet lives up to the hype!
lol aiight serenity, ur little ass gonna have to get readjusted again.
Thanks, Jane. Let us know if it's rad after the fact, too, please.
RT : Getting contracts used to be 50% results and 50% relationships, said to bradach, but now 20% results, 80%...
Just wanted to say #happyfathersday to all the Dad's out there
#pii2012 Could industry develop a Truth in Lending -like disclosure summary template for privacy policies? Understandable to all users.
Thank you so much! I read SLEEPING IN VELVET when it came out. ;-) oxoA
Fuck like one too.
Started Cycle with at 1:32 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Sweet 16 Baby!
didn't need proof. I believed ya. So you hanging in the quarter these days?
Much <3 to all my new followers! You guys rock!
I just woke up :)
Think ima bout to have some left over spicy grilled shrimp and steak :)
will this tweet be your only way of knowing you were there?
": hey game change on HBO tonite maybe interesting.FYI." - Def. watching that tonight!
Nope...my mommy!
Tomorrow begin's National #Latino #Heritage Month in the United States. Somos Latinos, un pueblo orgulloso!
White/Black America's relationship is uniquely difficult. I think they think acknowledging Kwanzaa is enough. Celebrate it? No.
I loved you then and I love you still. I forever do and I forever will..
Thank you, we will most definitely keep that in mind!
eh, wasn't mild about most of the things in it! best thing was gold nail polish, the rest was mostly random
Hi, thanks for following me. I'm Sophie. I love BSB too!!
I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions.
Zayn Malik's voice is the most amazing voice of One Direction. He'd be my favorite guy if he didn't smoke.
5 pm math assignments are so NOT my thing.
We have a tough fight today and I think #Immigration is one of them. -Barney Frank
RT : People are becoming the most powerful media –
Tell him I said Happy Birthday!!
We are jazzed to see everyone!
Shooting our little SAG short this weekend, send blessings our way.....
yes, yes, and 1000 times yes...I am definitely wishing I had taken the tropical vacation advice from seasoned Seattleite friends
Headed over to Louisville Slugger Field to throw out the first pitch. I'm bringing the heat, this could get embarrassing.
You're supposed to be the one i can always count on.
I will be all over the metro today meetings and estimates from West St. Paul to So. Mpls.
A4: It is not a full time gig though. Or not in my exp. If an org can pay, all the better...
Celebrate #National #AdultEd & #Family #Literacy Week by attending our Film Series on Friday
"Digital folding of culture" concept
I just did AbRipperX. Laughing and sneezing will hurt tomorrow.
User:NonieStickney545 - Resource Positive Architecture
yes...YES! Very excited to actually watch a live Arsenal (v. AC Milan) match in Jacmel, Haiti.
Scary thing inspiration can be sometimes.
": Take a breath when you need to... and JUST BE NICE! :-) #RonR"
If you stacked Tom Cruise and the little Artist guy on top of each other, you'd get an adorable half-french half-alien regular-sized man.
HahaRT : #DontShootTheRetweetWithCommenter RT : what is that saying about shooting the messenger? :-)
some songs never get old.
Awww how I miss those days when we would eat them together with Nutella!
i tried to DM u from my phone and idk if it had a callback # on it.if it did im not spamming please dont unfollow if it did!
But Chemistry is so much fun!
Yay Tammy and Victor!!
u know this!!
Excellent! I don't remember if we met at TXJS a couple of years ago or not, but I look forward to (re)meeting you soon.
tasteful default picture (: must say its a bit cute! Lol
I'm afraid I'm a season behind...I've been watching on Netflix! haha so don't spoil it for me! :D
thanks, it was great meeting you!
Great job last night! Nice meeting u and happy birthday again
Dream as if you'll live forever and live as if you'll die today.
I've been stalking all night looking for inspirations. I think I def want to attempt football-shaped something.
Herman Moore vs Calvin Johnson...Who wins? Go Lions beat the pack!
is DSM issue 1 of engagement? Old members choose not 2B delegates, find new ones. A #renewal issue. Can we make it easier?
If we had a patio it would be closed tonight, but we don't. We do have sushi and sake though! As well as Kampachi Kama tonight!
And we meant every word. Can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
Need to do my self-assessment in preparation for my performance review on Tuesday.
I never realized how nosy I am until a blocked number called me twice in 4 minutes and didn't leave a voicemail. Not knowing is KILLING me.
hope it went great last night! wish I was in town, would've loved to be there.
follow back !
Looking forward to it!
Im on twitter…………IN CLASS!! Im so bad. Here with sister-Directionah
#YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you're a huge butthole
Check out tweets!
You Pushed me away , so don't expect me to come running back ..
If Liam is afraid of spoons... does he refain from spooning Danielle? O.0
Ahh yes. I'm a bad citizen tonight.
“: “: A little hot sauce on my noddles”!!! #GramLife” got to eat lol
Sushi!!! Green Tea!!! Happy camper!
Yay yay it's farmers market day!
Huge win tonight at Craig
I really enjoy watching The Kentucky Derby.
Hey #OO, happy nickel and dime day!
just watched on #60minutes and he just blew my mind. Keep it up man, mad respect
Yeyyy!! Lol, that's just what Tampico does :D ;)
10 days till I'm 22! Whoop whoop
Yay! I'm excited to see you on Monday at the concert! Thanks for the Sirens shout out!! Xoxo
hahaha, I'm not that mean. It's more like "LOL. When I walk in your man's eyes go from you straight to me" ;) no, I'm kidding :p
We took the spot in Alameda.
Roses are Red, Viloets are Blue. If Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, You know what to do.
enjoying a day off with the dogs... tomorrow, Seattle to Kelso, baby...
I'm followin your moves on twitta!
RT : You have no idea how excited!!! :) RT : It's time! Anyone excited?
Congrats to on his new baby! His show at will be rescheduled. Tomorrow night takes the stage!
So nice to hear instead of the negative news the media dwells on.
Which Designer Just Might Need a Stylist of Her Own? Sometimes a celebrity can blame her stylist when she debuts in a clunker like this o
Steve: Name something a husband would be upset to find a woman hiding under the bed? woman: another man #FamilyFeud LOL!!!!
Where are we today? Driving 2-seater cars at the ! Been waiting for this ALL week! Pics to follow tmrw!
If you're sitting around watching some shitty TV show or some #8 seed play some team from the Midwest...go watch Frozen Planet on
Like if your not following my real account! Get out of here...lol follow ->
Gavin's (2 1/2 yrs old) attending his 1st #SXSW virtually via he is saying hi to everyone you've walked up to
Busy but fun day working with new buyers in the a.m. & then open house in the afternoon! Now time to spend some quality time w/ my couch...
Even though it's fucked up I'm still fucking with you. Damn.
Feeling lazy, what cheap Verizon Android phone should I replace my dying Droid Eris with?
If shabazz goes to UCLA they will still suck, come win a title and play against the best at UK.
FREE Madtown Throwdown tickets being given away Legends Bar and Grill in Madison tonight. Be there and win free tickets.
Go to the Musée des beaux-arts, it's very relaxing! Or to M:brgr if you want a burger.
Shout out to my peeps at hit them up for studio time and don't forget to follow!!!
same :/ i'm thinking of shutting my wifi off sun-mon. I want to forget they exist those days
we will plan on playing Tues. right after school
good luck be safe number 1 fan
Feeling hungry? Come by Tacos, comida Mexicana, we are located on 2nd between STARK and OAK....
I don't have any good friends.... Nope. Not one.
angels with dirty faces
": Titanic 100 years wOw. Global warming couldve saved titanic. Sad to say" haha this is #twittergold !
Watched the Ten Commandments last night and had a great Easter Morning church service
lol I only got to take a pic with him. The line was long.
I want to be with you now ... just a shame that stupid fans who would do anything to see her Niall! I love you :) x
Used to obsessively read variety & deadlinehollywood every day, now I read hacker news & techcrunch
Molly Mason, of told us to always leave doors open. Learn and remember names of those you network with!
it's not what you said it's what you didn't say
OHH GOD! PLEASE DON'T SHOOT ME! YOU'RE ONE THEM!!!
Real bishes follow ... she will not misguide you
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos... smh
And more poking.
Likewise! Look forward 2 meeting next week! :) RT : Morning, pleasure to meet you
i hope that you catch me cuz im already falling <U+2665>
Looking forward to seeing you again at the lecture! Glad you can attend.
awe Pedey, cool Ells, You walk Gonzo again, Youk is gearing up to Crank it!
haha thanx man idk which you are outta the three but you all look great :)
the lakers are getting absolutely shitted on..looking like the bobcats out there
We now offer affordable pet health insurance. Get your instant, no obligation quote now!
If citizens practice with each other friendship, would not need justice.
Identify the belief and your rule for living that is keeping your jealousy going
My dog is officially an alcoholic .
I thought Tequilla and Tamales
Look at the difference between how answered my question and how you dodged it. Own up to your words, that's all.
Which reminds me.. Shoutout to the other hardcore Drake fans and
UGH I hate schuduling conflicts they are the WORSE!!!!
Just made a latte for an afternoon pick-me-up!
IT'S ALMOST SUSHI TIME!
The Music deauthorization limit is bullshit. What the hell Google?
Long story short, I probably should have gone home when you did.
CLASSIC MALKOFF! You rock. Tell him I also loved the hairdryer scene in "Broadcast News" Go gettem!
"Do something YOU can be proud of.” ~ Benji Madden TGIF!!
It's not that I think highly of myself sweetheart, I just don't doubt myself(: #MOSTHATED cuz I got them infatuated! Amused by U
#Sochi set to become first #Winter #Olympics host to raise more than $1 Billion from domestic sponsorship
Is there an app to show how a #Tweet propagates? There should be.
Worked an extra hour and a half today when I was already there from 9-5. I'm BEAT! I just wanna get paid so that these days are worth it!
I'm half asleep ... Does that count?
how high. #FollowBack sexy
Thanks for the retweet!
Heading out to my home town this weekend. Celebrate my Dad's b-day & mothers' day together.
happy to hear Social Media News sent you to us :) Thanks for the following. Looking forward to connecting!
I spent the early 90's recording in all analog studios. Did a full length in 97 that was 100% analog 2 inch tape.
We'd be honored to have you attend our upcoming auction, Visions of Greatness! Ask your fantastic agent about our invite! :)
"The biggest mistake new runners make is that they tend to think in mile increments—1, 2, 3 miles." think in minutes, not miles
meet I bet you guys will have lots of great Twitter conversations.
I vote yes
#FF to the best #JoelLander I know, ! She's a great person!! ;)
Be nice to nerds. One day you will end up working for one!
:) good ole myspace! How r YOU? I hope well RT “: Sup twitter bud since im never on myspace no more Hope u r rocking hard! :)”
On the other hand, just transcribing what we would say out loud doesn't always give clarity, and here the rules can be helpful.
I wanna get tatted!!
Lol Ok. Good Night Nd Have Fun At Yo Grad. If You Up Tweet Me In The Morning
Welcoming comments begins at 6pm.
#NP T.I. : Let's Get Away
I keep smelling bacon but...no bacon.
Thanks! It's great to be back. My cat missed me.
Trudy Jones was just talking about how personal attacks with this issue have been the worst she's seen.
Thank you for including my articles in the Brickbat Revue!
where are you headed man?
ya some of us are blessed with that ;)
very well, very fun
Wonder if neighbor's loud hip-hop will be audible on video presentation I'm about to record for class. Will that help/hurt chance for an A?
not really, i'm just kickin it. pancakes on the way though.
Michele Bachmann is like a child learning to ride a bike. It's cute that she's trying but funnier when she fails.
What to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon? For now, drink another cup of coffee
in·no·va·tiveAdjective/'in<U+0259><U+02CC>vativ/ 1. (of a product, idea, etc.) Featuring new methods; advanced and original.
I know bud and I've been alright lol how have you been bro?
Perfect! Now I can introduce you properly!
thx for add. Have you seen our facebook page? Also Check out our Monday meetings where we are sharing networking and prospering.
My wife confessed she's been secretely watching Smash and loves it! Trying to decide if I should jump on the band wagon. Is it that good?
Can't wait to go to the sox game next month <U+2665>
“ Yall don't know how bad im ready for November 21st to be here...”what's that
Which one sounds more marketable: "Self-Service" or "Helpënselfën"?
Woot! RT : Team is ready and on the way
no pressure.
what up doe ima be on the coast 2 coast in LA wit you
the kids at my daycare have my heart and when they leave it upsets me so much. i hate it. all my favourites always go </3
man i been tweakin dis whoole weekend. haha im glad i came down from this high....mood:
RT I'm a life coach for urban professionals Coaching career development including goal setting & networking
Hill got some ice skates on
I thought that the poet laureate had to be a living poet. #wasthattooharsh? Seriously, I would have preferred a younger poet.
Just saw Lucas Neff waiting outside pre-Iceman. Hope he likes it.
SQUIRRELS #1?..UNHEARD OF..WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN THO..SQUIRRELS RULE..THANKS BRO..F/S..
Man I'm tired of this shit every game its the same shit this is why I hate the NBA
Piano lessons today with Mr. Tim McDonald!!:)
I would say that #TheGate is a good beginner #horror movie for kids. It wasn't bad for what it was and when it was made.
As always, thank you friend!
#Oomf stay talking that shit lol. This is why i dont say nice things..
Since I don't want kids ever I think ill start selling my eggs LOL
I'm going to date the hell out of her
There's a lot of stars but only a few shine bright ...
RT : Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. ~Walter Elliot
If your new album is available at Whole Foods, there's a good chance I'm not interested.
Usually, but then again it is also about ease of use. We all very much appreciate what you do.
My gram wants me to help her buy a computer. She has trouble answering calls on her flip phone. #wishmeluck I'm gonna need it
#idol Now that's how you SING and give respect to a great like James Brown!!! Joshua IS FOR REAL!!!
Mambo is about a feeling in time; Mambo is about emotions. Not about notes and steps.
Yep RT you left out the Lakers.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn’t think you wanted.
u need another follower to get rid of that 6666 lol
Designing rubrics for an online course. Fun times.
Psh big butts do not lie...
My mom doesn't like Skylar and I felt that defensive feeling I get when people talk crap on Taylor. Like that's how much I love her.
Over 34 million Americans have Irish ancestry – even if you don’t, come celebrate with us on Saturday, March 12th!
I put the "pro" in procrastination.
Wow really? went to pump gas and just got hit on like mad crazy some dude asked if he could finish pumping my gas for me *lmao*
Sometimes, my friends make me incredibly tired.
Damn wtf Rangers!!
#Americans have a hard enough time trying to make ends meet. Stop the #IRS from charging interest on accounts being paid.
Two dollar general 18 wheelers parked out front of a Walmart and a dollar tree.
I like voss
Guess we have 3 months at a minimum to determine what to do. Stupid decision.
feel your anger brother
thanks for the follow
Apparently I used up my football mojo for the UW. And the Boilers need some!!! What to do?
RT if you love & supports <3
wrestlers have a banquet to go to Sunday! I'm gonna get that look from Blevins on that day too! gonna be there?
I wanna go back to 1st pd !!
...I am honored... As always.
I just found one in Newport on Monmouth that has the older stuff I love, sorry I can't remember the names of any of them.
I used to want tall black boots like they wore in the video on the cat walk. En Vogue = fierce ladies!
SomeBody....anybody...please text me, I'm so bored, I have 85 minutes to waste.
Just in. Our team is going to try something new. New team go followers can get discounts on our service. Twitter followers only!
So many people getting engaged and having kids. I have no desire yet.
Good Luck , Emily_Jolly21, Go Cats!!!! #beat cards
In my #dream last night I was shopping for star wars toys at the mall with and Rick Schroder.
is looking quite handsome in his new dp.
swagggged the eff out!! U know it ;)
hi jake(: I think you should tweet us. Yes? Yes!<3
Ok I'm done. Lol.
how many people at sotheby's tonight will make the "scream" face when they hear the painting's sale price
listening to this new song by jay sean ft lil wayne its ok
Happy birthday !
Non-profits partner us and have jewelry custom made for your cause! Ciao Bella has partnered with CASA-Pittsburgh, Race for cure 2 name few
This camo case is by far the best case I've ever had
is not loving Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Illinois Masonic Hospital right now.
hope youre having a awecim day beautiful (:
I cant find my other weed doe <
hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :-)
#imagine Louis is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Louis: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*
Porn for the Paranoid
Dear #Netflix is trending today. Netflix has lost two of my DVD's recently. Higher prices = better customer service?
OK OK (I HATE BAKED CHICKEN LOL) BOUT ERRTHING SOUNDS GRAVY ESP ME AS THE ICING ON CAKE!!
I mean id rather have this job then like mcdonalds flipping burgers
Flocka, can you be my baby daddy?
Twas a blast!
now that's more than a little cool!
Is there anything better than Bluegrass covers of #Bruce?
Finally watching Bridesmaids with !!
We've enjoyed a fabulous hot summer in the Pacific Northwest. My kids are going camping next week and wouldn't you know it - rain is coming.
Awesome! RT : Met with the Google team yesterday. Looks like the global cypher is a go, more details to come!
is that I spy?
Dont be sad, Be Glad :D
That person's on drugs, obviously.
my homie always holding me down Watsgood so u got dat hot verse huh
Happy Birthday :-)
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
I <3 too. So many truths in there!
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America. -James Joyce
And I heart you guys for that. RT : Thanks for sparking an important conversation on outcomes! We're listening!
Why is not replying to our room 23 group messaging... ?
RT : Fantastic! MT : We are planning a Personal Digital Archiving Day. Hope to host one in the next few months.
I must say the Yellow Page app is handy for finding gas prices. But that's it.
Stanley Rosen from Santa Fe proposes "prefigurative relations"--a model for better communication and understanding in society
Actually not feeling too bad right now.... RIGHT NOW hahah
follow me
they have #nike backing them. So originality, variety, and having #corporatenike right in your #backyard doesn't hurt. Haha
yep..can't abide the mistreatment of customers or patients..sorry for your experience..that sucks.
Thanks Im glad we are friends
JK: trust = competency, character, consistency, and capacity.
hum Marks new bed time. Mid night lol ;)
PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Listening to Riders In The Sky play at the Oregon Zoo on a nice warm night. Great night for it
what is so significant about the 25 of april that its trending? please explain... someone?
Today is the day that the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it because it is Valentine Day where us the love
#ThatsATurnOff - take you out to dinner but you wont come out to my event
. Congrats on your launch presentation at #Finovate today!
If you were to stare at the road and the cars around you instead of your phone while driving you would see me flicking you off.
Dis hw for dis semester is kicking my a$$ Smh gotta knock it out tho
It's called a pottymouth for a reason. Yucky
Finding a great designer doesn't have to be hard. Shoot me an email or check out my site www.edroper.com
Whenever this chick gets home she is just gasping for air. It is only 32 steps.
Wish I could've seen it. #StudsTerkel was one of my favorite guest on my old Vh1 talk show.
How to Treat Migraines with an Herbal Tincture at Home ~ A Recipe: It is one of the most easy to grow medicinal herbs and has some pr...
Thanks for the follow!
lol Plain White T's are playing later
:) whatcha got planned for today?
Love you Keef!!!! I just be layin in the cut *observin'* Ur the busy 1 w/ur new job & e'rrthang! You're practicing discipline!
- Welcome Adham! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Join us! Banned Books Week, Sept. 24 - Oct. 1, virtual Read-out on YouTube at www.youtube.com/bannedbooksweek .
When somebody asks you what's wrong because they care, and when somebody is just being nosey: big difference.
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO...
Happy Thanksgiving! Go Packers :)
DP best as book; OT most influential; MC interesting but wrong; I learned most from FR. But much depends on course, obviously.
thank you! Your next shirt is on us, just let me know which one/size!
It was by far, the best match of the night. Both men can still put on a great match.
In light of the Sarah Phillips story, let me announce I am an impostor -- my real name is Armin Tamzarian
the phone could be turned off or not get a signal in it.
LOL that's gonna be your new nickname whe you get home :)
Crap, NFL Draft and The Office were on commercial at same time.
Some girl brought her boyfriend to see Bridesmaids. He looked like he was walking to his death when they came in the theater.
like North County Fire, their PIO is an engineer/paramedic, though his primary duty is public interfacing.
I just added new paintings to my website. Please check it out. http:\\dmgartstudio.com
I ran out of room, so I'm listening to it now.
Just want to tweet THANKS to the University of Pittsburgh for providing space for our Semi-finals. Cant wait for April 1st finals!
Someone please educate me on the Cuban deal... And the embargoes are for???
OMG LIFE IS A HIGHWAY AMAZING SONG OMG
Time to go work on my vocals so i can hit up a recording studio real soon... Love yall(:
lol dude, you can get thru it. .Cheer meeting at lunch, you going?
#schoolmemories everyone dropping their pencil in religion class and pissing the teacher off
Cant sell em right now unfortunately :( I lack the licenses. Someday I hope though!
Definitely scary! It's getting harder to even call it food anymore. More like chemistry set surprises & genetic mutant snacks.
Kobe just guaranteed the lakers win the championship this year
#instagramblackout today... Sucks
wondering where my cousin been all my life ?????
I miss you. Come lay in the sun with me :)
I went to McDonalds and ordered a drink the lady asked me if it was for here or Togo
See you Next Year!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Then scattered showers after...
hopefully making some new music for us <33 :)
TONY LUCCA WHAT. I LOVE HIM.
that's all I want right now...is for him to smile<3
“: Are You an #allergy #allergen #allergyfree blogger? You may qualify for a free sample ” yes !
thank you... dat dingle berry Johnson ass nigga don't know shit
"I turned my swag on today"
Goodnight and God bless!
what's your real name then
Paseo for lunch
Anyone wanna get sushi?
Thanks for the follow dear :)
More waste of TAXPAYER $$$$...Thanks City of Portland! Let the police enforce OUR laws! Illegal is Illegal!
is on stage at #livefromtheledge come on down.
Oh, hi there "overwhelming sense of responsability", I was wondering when you were going to show up.
it's really unnecessary, but sometimes when tweets I can't help myself ;)
her name is my password ~
I am fast.. but clumsy lol I would bring The team down
I miss the black Israelites. There. I said it.
Every guy want's a good girl to be bad just for him. Every girl want's a bad boy to be good just for her
No she didn't drop the mic!
wedding went great, now time for food and my bed. tomm radio event, plan concert and hit the pawn shop!!!
Setting up the double boiler. Where are the outlet's around here?
Chalmers has the remedy, Lebron had it in the 1st half, so why doesn't everybody else who is not a 3 point shooter understand go to the hole
and the league played in 1927 and 1928. probably lost too much money during those years.
I hate having natural curly hair it is SO HARD to brush after getting out of the shower
when u coming to Tampa
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger! Stand a little taller...
What is Dance Central 2? I hope it doesn't involve dancing poles, hehe. Take a pic when you turn into a pretzel. LOL!
are my girls
There is some of that, if I think I understand what you're saying.
Not yet, but it was mentioned several times in the WiT session. I will seek it out.
sounds about right
Signs video store guy's Halloween movie rec is beyond disturbing: He keeps saying so, and casually notes some theaters refused to show it.
On the lingo lol
“: Says a lot when you don't have to dance and go all over the stage and captivate an audience Pure Talent”
Nice! We are lucky to have about 10 courses in Austin. It is a great free way to spend some time outside.
thx u boo! Need to see you again and soon!!! (HUG)
I understand. When your loved ones are killed in occupied territory, the intent of the killers doesn't matter.
ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE (: help us trend this! -Kayla
yay! I'm hoping for that too. :) have a safe flight!
I just looked at that list again and got really sad that it's all so damn true. BUZZFEED WHY SO TRUE.
Looking forward to seeing ya!
and don't forget who argued on day 1 for Muslims to support
Country music on a rainy day >>>
Actually I'm only doing stuff for people who I feel apreciate everything I do.
Lol yes i know . . Can't control it . .
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly <U+260E>
Despite power outage, still hookin DJ's up with sick vinyl Check out the selection of old school hip hop at Record Goliath see profile link
#my confession i was scared to approach you at 1st
Just got home from school :] how is your day so far ? <3
"We must view with profound respect the infinite capacity of the human mind to . . .
So if this "heavenly cdn" were running on AWS Apr 21st - 23rd would all those "stuck" cron jobs be in a purgatory dir? :-)
Dale Carpenter on conspiracy theories: they need too many moving parts, superhuman planning & coordination, flawless execution, & secrecy.
Oh the places you'll go!
Is it possible to be a woman looking up the symptoms of her stomach ache/nausea and not be bombarded with "OH HEY YOU'RE PREGNANT!"? Ugh.
Again, reading and writing...
I have always been lucky when I was in relationships cause all my ole ladies had MASSIVE ASSES.
"well sir since i am your host, and youre my guest what do ya wanna do?" "oh I dunno, play chess... Screw" "let's play chess."
Any particular source for "everted" (the term)?
#FF or else your best friend will get eatin by a man eating unicorn!!!!!
Nice job engaging w Digital Now attendees. I'm not there (sad face), but budgeting for it next year. Your menu sounds fab.
alright but I can't do it right now, I'm going to Ikea to buy new stuff for the new apartment
Sims 3 with my sister? I think yes!
Sorry about your sick cat.
What a great weekend! #ExploreFultonMarket was awesome. We'll do it again in Sept. It was just a great time.
Legit i love that word you can use it for aything like " Are you hyper or like, Legit hyper
No my dad seasoned the taco meat with his own made up spices ):
Johnny Wander by and is very good.
just got off work wat it do
Who doesn't want to save money? Consultations are free - call me at 702.279.3482
When a judge yawns while you're presenting.
Shocker....RT : wife of slain Nichols Hills fire chief arrested after gun found in home clothes dryer.
hey i just saw the story on the new york daily news dot com. congrats!
New specials start today. We have two of everyone's favorite this week: Marco Polo and the Spicy Orange Stir Fry.
thats some awesome news for sure
Can't lie. i am a bit disappointed
The media will shape your opinion(s) if you don't keep yourself informed.
those are the best!
I'll be visiting mi familia, but will have some time!
God, I hope you're right! Pulling big time for the Lakers.
Patience is the ability to count down before you blast off. Anonymous / A little true patience, not pretending or forcing it goes a long way
Ugh, why is it that when i actually want to go out - everyone has other plans
hahaha i have a audition wish me LUCK..... thnx!!!!
WOW. Yes. Such immediacy & edge. VERY talented.
Love songs radio on #Pandora reminds me of high school dances
Skylar you should have sang Mississipi Girl by Faith Hill.. You would kill it!! Good job!!!
so quick with these that I make A.P. look like a snail! lol
I used to love Mondays, but now I'm thinking Wednesdays are pretty extraordinary also!
IF YOUR ON OR THINK YOU NEED TO BE ON THE GUEST LIST FOR TONIGHT (Amnesia) , PLEASE CONFIRM WITH ME ASAP 210-789-9079 b4 its 2 crazy 2nite
#nwill2011 Old training/documentation method: 3 ring notebook with many sticky notes. Need to update more regularly! <3-4yrs
New year's Resolution- go to Ga state... move to my Condo downtown
I wish that Hooters would give me their recipe for cooking/frying slices of sour pickles.
What are you thankful for?
Maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's the snow, or maybe it's just me, but today seems less Monday-esque than normal. How's today treating you?
bummer! best of luck!
Do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?
Eeesh, Drops to that #Fail!
I am cool now!
I wish I could puke to just get it over with feeling sick sux's... Fuck!?
Idk who she is but I noticed you tried to delete this tweet. Pedophile. RT : Damn. If only Courtney's brothers were older Mmmhmm <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Thanks for the retweet. Now back to changing the world one positive action at a time.
I just finished your book...learned so much.
Lmao...how long are you up for??
IF ONLY! "Look at THIS guy …"
Drinking a Mammoth hefeweizen, excited to plant the vegetable seeds I bought today.
Imagine...there is an amazing man looking for you right now to be his love. Let him find you.
I'm Tired
theyll probly even give you more for free. they upped my upload limit for free "for the children".
I'm your #SundayLibrarian today! Working on booktalks and serving my patrons.
"Getting lucky in Kentucky" actually means scoring higher than 25% on a multiple choice exam at the UK
In other big news this week, I've also been elected as President of Commercial & Industrial Photographers of New England ( )
“: [ATTENTION]]? THE NEXT 170 PEOPLE THAT GO FOLLOW WILL GET A FOLLOW BACK FROM ME ( IM CHECKING ).”can I get my follow
Historian Warren Kimball: Churchill was infatuated with sometimes bizarre schemes; explains friendship with Mountbatten and the 'Prof'.
Happy Tuesday! Start the short workweek off right with one of our smooth lattes made with locally roasted espresso.
Yo dude, I would love to check out google wave if you have an extra invite. Thanks
she had some trouble with herself ~
"Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness."
I can just tell this summer is going to be one of the best.
The company with the fullest bike rack will win the race. The same goes for cities.
I wanna wake to someone holding me...to much to ask for????
NBA Playoffs about to get real REAL!!!
You have to! lol. I have like 50 more pages to go. I'm kinda more skimming than reading it thoroughly though..
In the middle of the day? Lol.. I think they just weren't paying attention.
Go get 'em, girlfriend!
We are all #WalkingDead, but we should enjoy the trip all the time. :)
#uCantBeToughAndSay fuck with me later, I gotta go with my little brother to gymnastics.
For example, a politically-inspired sculpture could spark a debate about current politics and how they affect real people.
love the new night! excited for new PP!
love Herbivoracious! Eating the caramel cooked tofu from it as we speak!
GO TWEET HAPPY BIRTHDAY HER BIRTHDAY IS TODAY. PLEASE DO IT
Stephen Colbert doing push ups with an 80 year old man. Priceless.
is a little confused by twitter still....
facebook is going down.
Can you feel the #heat ?~!Miami's gonna take dallas tonight~!
There's 2 things you need to RT #Pink & Purple &
I kinda want the new #Samsung #GalaxyNote .
are you in White Center these days? and I are near Alaska Junction, but sometimes I bike down that way.
aw gingers are awesome x
The avengers. 6 hours long, tonight only! 3 for the wait, and 3 for the movie.
Sure thing...keep me posted.
I see... will it still get a bit of char? Anything else good to do before eating the corn besides a bit of lime and salt?
This game is over. I'm gonna watch House MD now.
Thank you! Please send us an email at
WTFing + drinks at bars with former Milwaukeeans= awesome night, awful morning.
YEAH! i can't wait to see!
I'll be there can't wait to see you again
Where is my fav Beyond Scared Straight episode, when the prisoner tells the guy to put his finger in the Kool-aid and rub it on his lips?!
#putGodfirst he made me a Baller!!! If you want to Ball get to know God and keep him FIRST!!
#myfavoritefood is Beignets for breakfast, Fried Oyster Poboy for lunch, Seafood platter including shrimp and a Banana Fosters for dessert.
Love a #nudist discount vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
I love bobby pins (:
i associate Douglass w/ freedom.. a principled & reasoned stance. but #occupy w/ a false emotional appeal to "fairness"
Too bad Deacon Jones couldnt have gotten into the hall of fame if he were playing in todays NFL. He invented the head slap!
Sounds truly painful! Hope you have a speedy recovery.
I'm not dead after laying on his sick pillow!
: Starting today!!!! Not going out like this!!!!!
When speaking about me or my places ,I prefer words like gargantuan & behemoth! It beats tiny,or I have a nice personality!
Lady Gaga's outfit esp the shoes on
Good luck man ! Will have you on at the office !!
where can you pick that up? I have to try it..
Putting in my raised bed this morning!
who got got winning Ravens Texans?
Too soon on LuluLemons. Try something more tasteful, like Moammar's Angels.
I had to unfollow Willie gay its not personal its a black and gold thing.
Y ppl all in they feelings abt breezy n rihanna??? #stfu! They grown!!!
Give me your top 5 restaurants that aren't steak houses downtown. I'm looking for a good dinner spot for Sat night.
I know that if I live by faith,I can face any test and I know that one day my Destiny will be fulfilled. ...Great I am!!!!!!!
Have fun! Tweet any tips & tricks you learn =)
after a long ass time u talk to me
When you feel uncomfortable, it means you're growing -
Why are all my friends at lax or baseball. Soo bored
SHdc is launching it's first issue May 1st! Your poker destination site will be here soon...
I'm fine, but it sucks that you have a cold. Wish I was there to take care of you...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 15
I'll be on on Sirius tonight @ 8 pm talking our recent findings on
The Davinci team is #AllDressedUp today. If you had a #virtualoffice you wouldn't have to suffer wearing a costume to work today. :)
I'm still at work but we close at 10 on sundays!
fave sign so far "everyday I'm' Russell'n"
Seriously can't wait for tomorrow.
My cat is beautiful, fuck you.
Maybe??? that does it
You moved closer to the Junction? RT : Nice! I'm near Alaska Junction. Love it here.
This is first time making meat loaf but its west african meat loaf..... I did great n it slaps
At least Zimmerman got Hamels back. I hate when they beam someone that had nothing to do with it. Assinine
you know it
hell up
Listening to and I can't get enough. Alex I adore you! I know you are doing Europe this year but come visit me!
#cataloging an invite to a 1985 Danceteria party hosted by Joey Arias & Edwidge. Cooler than any invite I'll ever get.
ok just text me if u need to talk. Am I going to have to go kung fu panda on someone?
How long does the Super Bowl take?
m thats sounds good right about now. I'm eating a jar of almonds at my desk.
hey EVERYONE please block & report this a-hole of a twitter user,
i figured out how to put up a picture (:
dont forget: make sure you have fun today big fella
Working on a broshure for world history...does anyone really NEED to know how crazy-devoted christians were back then?!? honestly!
Yup this mornin was to live
please follow me it will make me so happy for my exams tommorow <3333
wondering what my buddy is up to tonight...
Back home.
It really hurts when a friend who you have helped and looked out for hurts you.
You boys have room for a mendicant?
Awesome! Thanks so much. How are you guys doing today?
Love it! Just makes you want to smile...
SEO'ers , ,a Silicon Research Lab , and med COO - Thanks for the follow!
": that was my girlfriend..." No girl is dumb enough to date you...
go get the <U+4E2D><U+570B><U+83DC>
Getting put to sleep with some HEAD. & Waking up to some HEAD :) >>>
So glad you were able to visit my house! Anything you liked? Didn't like? I certainly hope you enjoyed yourself!
is this a freelance position? :-)
#NM #MustFollow! Must eat there! So delicious!
That documentary was made by my professor Tom Marksbury!
You're quite welcome and thanks!
when can we start buying YOUR music!?!? I've been waiting since last year!
#Assistance with !!
Can't help but be dissappointed by Arsenal's season! What should Wenger do next? Do you think his job is in jeopardy?
and the top two winners were #ironblanket, and a close second place was #streetcode. congrats to all!
so no standing on the roof holding up a golf club? Alrighty <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Damn.... You're ugly.
you should use Madison for your next story:)
thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
GREAT GAME #NUGGETS! Gotta come back even harder sunday, and even this series up!!
Thanks for the follow! I tried to meet you last night, but I had to slip out before the line died down around you.
Movie hangover lives up to the hype! Only downfall had to sacrafice watching what turned out to be an awesome game......
i have found the right person but he dosent like me like that
Apparently I have two kinds of suitcases 1. One from maybe the 1930's that looks like a trumpet case and 2. Bright HOT PINK rollaway
i saw the Crestwood Donation story why don't they just get the guys name off the cc he used to buy the stuff at the store?
Fantastic! RT : I will be there!
yes, we know lol. You sent me like 5 messages one day lol.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :) #onedirection <3
miss u to
A short history of privatisation in the UK: 1979-2012 | Richard Seymour: From the first experiments with British..
Try Cheeseburger soup prescription :-)
see you soon! I'm sure #goldcoastLTI will be amazing b/c...who has convention in the keys?!
You just end up back around .
- Yeah dude its gonna be a CRAZY Weekend!! dont forget sunday ENDLESS SUMMER rooftop @ The Clarendon! we are parting all week!!
#RoyalWedding Was really long
Can't wait to get to Pullman in the morning to see some of my favorite donors to Cougar Athletics!
Ok yes I do have a favorite one direction person and it's Niall but, Niall is the first one I fell for&I love them all equally<3
Does anyone know anything about Driven Marketing Solutions out of #GreenTree?
Ps... If you don't have anything positive to say then hold yours. It's hard enough trying to move on from this still, no more negativity
Todays password "happy mother's day"
#hatcat is almost at one million views. One. Million. Views.
The only reason tobacco is legal and weed is not is because it can be taxed, a lot of people make money off it, it's all about the money.
#ARSENAL! Good job boys...way to finish the season.
Start your day off right with an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte. Only 11 days left!
Lance - Haywood... Live in the now Me- I'll get off Twitter.
One night is good, two - better. But Nicnos is coming back for a 3rd night in a row tonight at Whiskey Chicks to play the night away!
Fabulous Sunday. feels like fall. Cleaning closets. Watching football. Making lentil stew.
We'll take it! is one of our favorite ubernerds. He needs to freakin' rock our stage already!
Aw *huggles* Thank you :)
when do u come home
Fascinating. I did relatively well in the first challenge, though not quite as good as the teams.
Whoever said "words will never hurt me" You're right. Words kill instead...
Wow we are drivin 25 mph with the flashers on and still can't see two feet in front of us!
YAYYYY!!! RT : Passed the Series 3! Officially a commodity futures broker :)
why must it be so hot in my room
Shout out to all my new followers
S/O to Jake L. and the team that helped us shoot Studio 60. It was an amazing shoot and I cant wait to see it!
My two almas mater played against each other today. My loyalty? I'm a Big Red Saluki.
I have surprises for you all
omg terrible choices RT : Would you rather be Courtney Stodden for a day or be poor for the rest of your life? Let me know!
well of course.
#blend11 Social Media Workshop. This is a tweet to acknowledge that I am in the blended session about tweeting. Very recursive.
thanks for the mid day break!
If you missed us today, don't worry we will be back in the shop on Tuesday call us for an appointment 901-794-0553
& Thanks, I appreciate that RT : You're welcome, &amp; your date was a BEAUTY!
i went to sleep too early lastnight
hell yea my nigg movin up in da world like the jefferson "Movine on up @ the eastsidde"
Education: 2 levels of needs - on the national level of policy and funding, and in the classroom/museum/after-school space
Friends--Alabama Mission Team on WOAI and again on Morning Show--set your DVR NOW!!
Hehe I'm Listening to Soundtrack to my life I'm falling In love with this song <3< oh and merry christmas
Well played. 50pts. I'm 99% sure you'll use one of those words today in conversation. And when you do, let me know. :)
I almost fell off the horse yesterday. Thank God the wall-mart worker unplugged it!
Head out* RT Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out... RT Take Me With You!!!!! Lol
Nobody wants to see a rushing TD here, lol.
supporting this as well>>>>
We finally hired a new breakfast girl at work, took long enough.
you know it :-D. I'm super geeked out.
I almost didn't recognize her. Apparently she likes to hang out in hipster bars in Cobble Hill.
my mom doesn't want me to go :c says its a bad school since Ivonne went there & how she turned up.
I like her but I do find it interesting that "they" only give beauty props to light skin, blonde haired, european feature types
Light legs and back workout. Tomorrow is fitness class and cardio.
First stop - Yadkin Valley
Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions. Analysts have reacted coolly to suggestions Aviva
80% of population will have back pain in their life.
playin some #cod with the guys. Nothing like a little #natzi zombi action to kick off the evening
Yoo u rolling through on Thursday?
Hey, Hugs right back and thanks!
lots of people tweeting at #isastc. This is going to be good.
Long day tomorrow.. 23 feels like 22
Smith: adds that has declined support from donors before if their interests or intentions do not align with our mission.
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry. - Proverb
You have a hard time deciding that? Wow...
lol I hope that's a good "oh I see"
seriously lex, go to bed. normal people sleep at this hour
The novel "Master and Margarita" by Bulgakov is all about the carnivalesque destruction of normalcy when the Devil turns up in Moscow.
Ty Lawson is out here burning niggas!
#10FactsAboutMe My mum's been going back and fourth to and from the hospital.. She's doing fine at the moment, though.
Did Yu actually buy a part of the franchise, or did he already own a piece?
fyi - the alarm at the old place is going off. Any idea of how to stop it?
Even with butter or gravy?
-Thank you Nick for responding. *(*. Can't wait to see you perform again. *(*.
I'm digging the new layout of Google+ on the iPhone.
#BEATLA Giants about to crush Dodgers. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Help us make the show awesome, what type of features do you guys want?
i LOVE it.<3
when are your new posters coming out?? Can't waif to buy it!
Checking out Notably a new #iPad app. Looks great! please add export to #Dropbox and bullet list formatting.<U+2665>
They Are Called "Friendimes" Friends&Enemies
Where is everybody heading for the holidays?
Damn its been only a month feels like you been gone for years rest easy brian Ill always miss you ='(
Another fun data topic is utilizing unstructured data.
We'll be there watching for sure.
Heard The Movie Bully is Mandatory to Watch to be admitted into MPS Schools
Maybe you can help me interpret this report? Should we schedule a webex training for me? cc:
He reinjured his shoulder at the end of the game and his status is still unknown. Who else is on tour waiver wire?
when should I head back?
What a game!
that's writ I can't believe you have internet out there, wow, are you standing on a mountain with an antenna english prick
Not liking being sick... So not right!!
In the jungle for life and it's hot here.... I think I have a fever
81% of fed job announcements are under 5 pages (this is a huge improvement)
Going to the #Avengers tonight! For reals!
To be #delena or not to be #delena, that's the point. hahah
Im not with them im by tha mall i think they over shun house still
Sometimes in life, when things aren't just right.. Ya just gotta stick out ur tounge!!:)
“: If “plan A” didn’t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay Cool”.. WORD!!
": freshness fam!! the beginings!!" Can't forget
i have a couple hot songs i wanna submit
Wow they died from having sex for the first time married for 7 years whaaa!
Metric math. They'd do so much better by actually increasing fare enforcement on MAX.
I never use it. Maybe when it's integrated w/ FB it'll be more appealing, rather than being just ANOTHER place to share data.
You will stand for the rights of women... OK Obama. Holding you to that one.
According to new survey, gays, lesbians, transgendered and bisexuals in Anchorage experience widespread discrimination
Don't let him Christian, the giant spider will follow him down to your room.
hoping to see you and tomorrow for happy hour!
You're welcome, happy to get involved in #DCSM! MT : Hi Belated tks 4 sponsoring the recent DC Foursquare Day event
bermuda? Bahama? Come on pretty mama?
I can't even explain how much my back needs to be cracked. It would probably be life changing..
Drop it right now.
watched the first minute and last 11 seconds, wisconsin wins - awesome
Either thunderstorm or don't. This drizzling bullshit needs to stop.
Shopped, walked the dog, and had a cookout with my family. I'd call that a pretty great Saturday.
WHAT?! I am so jealous!
Cowboys use 1st 4 draft picks on defensive players
for now, that's correct.
Does anyone have any favorite books they would like to share?
why do you say that? you think numbers are higher?
Fame nationals!!
I bet the catering is much better at the royal wedding than it is in space.
wow she's buetiful! Enjoy her. Peace@
would be a better use of land, give more space for storage, manufacturing, housing...
was a pleasure meeting you last night
Just watched my boy, and burn the house down on DWTS tonight. 1 point away from a perfect score. Damn straight.
Shittttt this night would be perfect af if I had my girl next to me, eating junk food & watching movies (:
Your face looks good enough to eat.
if you are on OpenVPN and use the default UDP protocol, then yes you could see some speed gains by doing a switch now
thanks! And yeah sorry school just takes over 24/7 and then getting in those hours of practicing....it's exhausting lol
My shoulders are killing me from zinc plates prepping for printmaking and Voice production night. Yet I'm super excited for this semester!
So What Are You Doing, New Friend
they tried to do that at my last job (head of technical services= not so technical). Didn't fly.
Now that he has a picture on his page, follow .
The boys in my house are sick.....
It's not sexy for a King to call his Queen bananas....not sexy at all ;/
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD) Initiates Phase 3 TH-302 Combination Trial in Advanced Soft Tissue Sarcoma
don't you ever tweet anything
Dammit! I missed Nerd Prom. Anyone know when it will be re-aired? I wanna see POTUS stand-up!
I'm spending the day with Trav, just come over in the evening!
When I get older, I want to be like Louis. I want to still have an incredible sense of humor and to have fun, to be forever young inside.
Ohh I didn't know this was going to be a movie! Now I'm excited too.
This post came within perfect timing! Have an intense marketing group project I'm working on...etc. etc.
the silver door next to the Aveda Institute.
I am TweetChallenged trying to figure out how to follow the beauty expert Ms Sharon
definitely not, youtube is a thousand times better. we don't have to trust a user's reporting, we can watch it for ourselves
A secret level in the next Tom Clancy game takes place in the cloud
Thanks for the follow Kellie, have a good day training.
I need a breakfast buddy. A serious ride or die breakfast buddy.
Just saw a Vespa with a side car on broadway and 16th... Who knew a Vespa could handle a sidecar ;-)
I don't think these will be tough... just gotta do your homework ;-)
lol i swear i told that to kasean but ok I GOT YOU SHEESH
Wild Blond by Flat Tail is 5%.
Working hard on the new reveal. Site should be up soon!
Avengers with Pierre, Dom, & bogus Jake.
It is only April. Why I asked that (considering small sample size) beyond me.
Did you see the new Swagbucks challenge?
A #FF to our board (especially the first two): , , , ,
DT staying the same. He hopes Dake moves up to wrestle him. My bet it is Dake stays where he is at. Not enough O to battle DT
girl u bad u lookn lika bag of money ;-)
The Best Buy innovation ad is the best so far
How do i get more followers???
Congrats to Mariah, Ariel, and Alyssa! , , and I will be seeing you backstage on the 23rd!
my phone took a FALL but after ROOTing around i found it. this CLIMB to the top is back on... AT THE BEACH!!!
I visited it....and wasn't quite sucked in...
Oh by the way besides a #BostonBlackout there is traffic.
And float in that mother***er like a hovercraft And soak in that mother***er til I call you back Who says sh*t like that and doesn’t laugh
"I'm running to support the middle class" when even the wealthy consider themselves middle class.
hi im karlton
24 hours i think.
Running da sound.. XMuteX nice solo Andrew!!
#wordpress_jobs - Hiring rockstar WordPress developers. MUST be able to work out of our va. office. visit webdevelopmentgroup.com/jobs/
Come learn more about our universe with researchers from JINA at the North Liberty Branch on March 1st at 6:30pm.
I hate so many people at out school it's insane.
OH MY GOSH TURN TO YOU CAME OUT TODAY AND I STILL HAVEN'T HEARD IT SINCE I DON'T HAVE MY FONE :(
Wall balls and sits up ARAPs kicked my ass time for a shower and make some dinner
Facebook's friend suggestion list "People You May Know" is basically all the people on your shit list.
"Seek God in all things and we shall find God by our side." -St. Peter Claver
We can dance if we want make it feel alright ...
You know what man, people have been sucking hardcore at showing up - so go there and call Eric and have him get you in! Do it
Well I can forget sleep.
Our emotions tell us so much about who we are. What great information they can give us to live better lives.
Where are you from?
When this is all over, I pray it is more than worth it! Grant me favor in his sight Lord :-)
As a former #Dartmouth radio play-by-play announcer (who's now a priest) once said, "I've seen better pond hockey!"
I wonder what Im gna do for my b day...Hm....
Can't wait to go home from Kung fu 2nite to watch Degrassi!!! I Love Drew
just create it!! :-). What's another twitter handle for you anyway?
new painting comes to mind; my recorder is at home Cycles, Cirlcles, Continuity, Communinity
Somebody explain to me how exactly Philip Rivers is an "elite" quarterback in the NFL, or better yet, how Norv Turner still has a job???
Catherine Rampell article in the
yea ,his head is extra big! Lol
Well, I haven't seen much. Breathless, Vivre sa vie, Contempt, A Woman Is a Woman. Will watch Pierrot and Masculin soon-ish.
I hate my family.
I still have 200 pages left!! I haven't had any time to myself lately.
Thanks for the feedback! Glad you had a positive experience
Ok, now *that's* nasty. Better out than in though.
B-Ball shorts and my Bennie sounds good to me
Holding you, I hold everything
I hate bathing suit shopping because I'm too lazy to take my pants off #lazytweet <U+E322>
Doing my best to stay a gentleman in this situation.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Do charity work for third-world countries
We got ourselves a tissue box of Righteous Ale. Haven't tried it yet, but you'll see it on Drinky when we do
California Moms - Have you checked out Jadabugs Boutique in LaQuinta? They have great baby and maternity items!
We couldn't agree with you more. We understand that it's a terrible inconvenience, but we are continuing to work on it.
noone wants to hear from an invalid. ha ha
1st mtg today of our summer market prep group, which got me to thinking about how to compress my own cv into a single page...
If only Anthony Davis could block Kimmel from ever being on TV again.
WTF? That's worse.!
You're very welcome! That's so nice of you. I hope a fan buys your ticket!
Yes, the spaces were snapped up. I'm checking to see if we're starting a wait list.
Today is a good day
Kudos to them on their smashing success!
Magic Monday SHOUTZ to
Did he do the look behind? Lol
Omg me too!
trying to decide how nervous to be about #irene--2nd hurricane close to VA since I moved here. Gustaw wasn't bad.
Temper your mind to keep from losing your temper!
Planning a summer #wedding? It's not too late to schedule your free consultation. Call us today!
I want to get away... I want to fly away yeah yeah yeah...
All of you! Behave!
"might"...BO lol
Of course! RT : If U want a new entertainment & sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
love ya!
yeah yal are dealing with injuries, but you still got rondo
Our next salsa class starts in two weeks on 3/13, don't be left out please RSVP at
Excited to now offer the service of eyelash extensions! If ur in Orlando florida & want them let me know! Awesome intro special price!
Hoping that one of my former classmates at my ten year reunion have had a limb amputated so I can try out my new "have you lost weight" joke
Went to church this morning in Brentwood, TN and found a dude who graduated from my same high school back in WI years before me. Crazy
RT : A2iA Releases New Versions of its Data Extraction and Automatic Document Classification Software to Meet Market Demands...
<U+FFFD>Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
my foot fell asleep. lovely.
back to work tonight 12 hrs here I come
I want some Chinese food...
Theresa, please give me a call!
Thank you to all the great volunteers who came out this weekend to block walk, phone bank, prep signs and help us move forward!
- Come on in to Madison. We would love to see you.
Just knocked down this last final ^_^ unfortunately I'm not free yet...
Where are the pools at ?!
I never understand y teachers don't teach what's on the test. If it's not on the test I could careless
Dude bro, hashtag too much going on.
who would you like to see on aaron.tv ?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Just found out my flight to San Diego on Thursday departs at 5:55 a.m. HAHA
I heart Marshall Mathers and J.B.! There, I said it.....
I hope they ain't annoying when I get to ma moms
I am here
talk to me please
Having a mac at home & PC at work is confusing. PC mousepad ain't nearly as cool.
he's Eugene this weekend, no?
before you leave please tweet me happy birthday! please :'(
Chapter 2012 Page 92 of 366 One quarter down, 3 to go. Did I make the grade of fall short? Either way, I'm grinding fwd
Tired as hell!
I used to be the biggest Tebow hater, but I have to admit I'm a huge fan now.
no no I mean the ALA has been saying for decades that the older librarians are going to retire and therefore there will cont.
let's put a smile on someones face
I think I'm getting ready to have a mood swing
And Jered Weaver no-hits the Twins.
2 problems. 1, You have to sacrifice caffeine. 2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine.
Tell Jerry I said hi! I worked for him when I was 14 washing dishes!
Sometimes, if you can't get seen for the EPA, it's worth it to go to the ECC, #justsayin' - two auditions down, one more to go!
Same smoke still in Landmark RT : My clothes haven't been this smoky since I spent a night at the Landmark Lanes in 1997.
BOUT TO TAKE MY ASS TO BED IT 6 IN THE MORNING PEACE
Note: "Leap Pictures" at Capitol will be wx permitting, though not likely due to thunderstorms forecast. Means more drinks! ;-)
Thanks! Considering she is now royalty, I was expecting a little more as far as her dress went.
Taking Real Estate Class for renewal of Brokers lic. Also talked to person that has some great ideas for outsourcing..
is going to bring it 2/17 at The-War-Eagle-Supper-Club, be there
Yo balloon boy, Ima let you finish and all, but Anne Frank had the best attic hideout story of all time. OF ALL TIME!!
She say she heard i was a wild one...only one way 2 find out ;)
beta 9 released! More sound design tools added, and upgrading to latest compiler version...
I bet is enjoying all his replies about the FIR joining
Congrats! RT : Once Over is 3 years old today! Having fun on S. 1st.
GOD MORNING!!!!
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you would say it.
I'm a copywriter who's got a hankering for social media, a knack for creativity and wants to be on your team!
Woo hoo!! Back to business!! Hopefully I'll begin teaching classes at the local community college shortly. :D :D :D
WOW this weekend was not good for my health at all
- Welcome Rich! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#Facebook now has an option for publishing weightless goals and injuries on my timeline. I'll save you the suspense, I wear contacts...
We lost Lucille Ball 23 years ago today. We will always love lucy.
Looking forward to my first "sink shower" of the tour tonight in dc!
cause I saw two different dates and I've waited way too long for some new music!! Your #1 fan since I was 4 yrs. old!!
Happy Holidays, Merry Christmas and all that great stuff. No matter how u celebrate the Holidays I hope each and everyone of u enjoy them...
I thought one of my co-workers was pulling my leg about a mexican latte! They are definately worth gettin!
Thanks Tray :)
"bitter peepee greens?" The BEST description of arugula I have read in a while. Kudos.
I use exclusively and love it. It's much simpler and more elegant and private than Delicious.
howdy men
Rocking Pat Benatar in the office this morning - thanks !
smh boy i tell u and some true we hate the heat fans lol
why can't i see the #supermoon?!?!
Well I could pass a message along ;-) RT : . employs my childhood hero: Ms. Frizzle. No, really! Does she tweet?
yeah step your twitter game up
holy. moly. wow. :) I love #thevoice's #teamceelo with that win for the night.
Don't forget to live tweet while attending Our hashtag is
all these bitches be on a nigga dick
Awww <3 thanks so much, YOU'RE the best!!
Today, we eat doughnuts! Happy Valentine's Day from NexGenPR!
is pouring Galactic Double Daisy Cutter. #GDDC on draft.
just got off work
Over these sudden allergies.
“: El sabio no dice lo que sabe, y el necio no sabe lo que dice. Proverbio Chino ¡Buenos días!”
Purdue Paintball is playing in the National Championships in FL this weekend -thought you may be interested
Tired of false alarms? Tucson Alarm is too. Time to kick the special interest out of local goverments and have the cities fine the alarm co.
Oh shit, most awesome cover band ever: The Spazmatics. Imagine Revenge of the Nerds covering 80's songs.
i jus got apollo justice!
I love all the different pieces you #fashionistas are tweeting me! There's still a few more hours to go, who's playing #TrendsTues?! xox
30 minutes of extra time ! Munich and Madrid are my favorite teams. Now, I "feel" like supporting Munich. Go Schweinsteiger !
Yeah, precisely. Complete lack of social responsibility in defending a very flawed view of "science," and shown visually too
Don't miss your chance to see Olly perform on 12 August! Get your tickets quick! RT
Since most men I know can't afford my life style I spoil myself
The term weekend is lost on me....back to traffic reports for now...
yes. Today is the day !!!
This umpire got a Christian girl wantin to cuss.
why don't sharks eat clowns? because they taste too funny
1 more day till Friday
right here!
I livefor God not distractions there's a huge difference lol follow me ;)
OK PDG Software... I hope you are the answer to my new shopping cart prayers. Anybody else using this software?
RT : & Good morning! I hope you two have a great day. :) (thanks and Dito !!)
Aghhh my ex just texted me its so akward
A real company name?! "Yahoo’s board also named Terry Bird of the law firm Bird, Marella, Boxer, Wolpert, Nessim, Drooks and Licenberg..."
Must be a slow news week. Gotten about half a dozen "thank you" emails from candidate email lists for no real reason...
They better not make me get down to get the pizza.
MUAH! Love all of you TOO much
Catch CEO & with his tasty Mole on YNN-TV today! /bit.ly/ISkr8A
Maybe I’m just not enough of a moon connoisseur to appreciate it.
Join us tonight for a big #MMW event featuring & Friends at w/ , &
Tell me about it smh RT " Broads be frauds. . ."
I feel like poop.
Right on! Was curious 'cause I'm heading down in June after the Finals.
"you've the strength of the greeks. you are God's masterpiece" if you're not listening to king charles "love lust",
I LOVE haters
False alarms have a negative impact on your business. Update your security system, we have update options stating at $0 - 877-760-2143
WTF is happening in Madison, Wi? Fish Hatch + Park st, TONS of sirens. Anyone?
Bahaha with vanessa for a couple of days Strawberry*Rain
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 1
in the city proper?
RT for my mom on Mother's Day! She's 68 and loves dance music. That's blood
Ready to graduate and its only the first day of my last semester
oh so now you forget about me fine watever! Lol... hey
Thanks for sharing that, boss!
Who do you turn to when the only person in the world that can stop you from crying, is exactly the one making you cry?
I feel bad for anyone who gets my tweets sent to their phone. I tweet ALOT.
Imagine at mortgage closing with only a 550 credit score! What's the interest rate 9%? Nope It was only 4.75%. Wow
thanks miss!
saw at the bar i was at on sheffield before the baseball game today.
2. Packers not a top 5 defense right now.
Oh my gosh! I totally got that for my aunt last year!!!
happy birthday bro! maybe I'll run into you on the T again next time I'm in Boston haha
that is crazy, could have been the same game.
-- watching #The700Club . . . who have I become? Lol
Happiness isn't enough, I demand Euphoria
Question for Sundance folk, what was the general issue with the finale of RED LIGHTS? Because I really liked it.
I like lots of things. I promise. Just not sitting there listening to names for four hours while hungover.
So true! RT : Staying hydrated via water and moisturizer is so crucial in the winter
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it!(:
No Show Today? Streaming Cowherd on 710...
trying my best, but feeling the pressure of it all. Just have to remember: 'there is no spoon'
Ready for some tonight
RT One Direction on #SNL tonight. TAPPING!!!!
OMG! POTUS saw a play about community organizing & was on panel after! & HE was a community organizer!
whole thing's tumblin' down
Who is Oscar anyway i no what happend and all but like whats his twiter name
“ As a #Taurus you would rather fight to stay then to give up and walk away.”
nothin just chillin and next saturday is my birthday :)
If you live in Boise or Spokane, go see and Alexis Smith later this month!
Xavier and South Florida just made my day!!
Tomorrow is it!! #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, New Hazlett Theater, 8pm. You better be there!
I cant even describe the feeling i get when i look into her eyes adsnfdsjfsjkfswjdwnwdfowfwnqfnq
cant forget lol "i fucks wit you"
Eating spaghetti-o's at work
Haha a little late!:] Thanks and its okay!:]
Well how am I supposed to know all that? :) Hi Kanye!
Sounds like a "Hernandez Open" in your future :)
I love messing with my mom <3
A member of the family is starting a wonderful project in #Detroit! If you love #Detroit and/or Art follow to learn more!
yeah I saw Justin get his new car he looked do in shock and I wish I could be that girl but not in a box
I'd like to hear more about capabilities, specifically around hosting/managing/monitoring web services
Sorry Tim Tebow fans, Kyle Orton announced as the starter..:-)
If UK wins today (which they should) so be it. If UofL wins today it's bc refs, we'd rather beat UK than win Championship or fluke upset.
still at ashley and zoeys...ordered some pizza and wachin the game
completely nude reading this: “: completely nude watching a michael buble christmas”
“: the cranberry salsa w/cream cheese dish came out great for our All-Staff Thanksgiving meeting.”
hey so I have been "pending" to follow you for like ever??? :)
sounds great! DM me and we can chat.
Pampering my wife who is the best mom in the world! A little gardening. You?
BROOKLYN TIL I DIE
I love Sid but some people need to think before they speak
I'm still waiting.___.
Witnessed two minor car accidents and listened to slamming of car brakes all day - take extra caution in the rain drivers!
Sitting outside at my friends! Hot :/ -Maria
good good how bout Bmore?? When ya comin' home??
How many Tuskers you wanna bet the Spurs won't win the championship?
merry Christmas eve Ariana :)
I seriously hate weight living but I just love coach kavi.
RT : Werehummingbird? I'm already seeing a future romance novel called SWEET NECTAR.
I'm sorry you feel that way. Now let's talk Oregon/Stanford. I'm taking Oregon by 10
You know it's going to be a great story when it starts off with "So this bitch....."
Congrats on finishing your ficlet!
aw really :(
lol I don't even want get up . I'm so paranoid
Tuesday #Training Tip: Encourage your #sales staff to solicit feedback from customers. A quick "How am I doing?" shows you care!
Vegas next week- I might! made sure I got my methodology draft done first though! ;)
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company (amen!)
lets try again lol...available this week?
Rachelle is kind of like Roseanne Barr and Susie Green mixed with an empty bottle of Advil
At least someone appreciates me RT : Sharing sorority storiez with #presidentpaige #farmer norm
Mark Twain~ It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Who needs anatomy
#mcfc in the Community Shield!!!
About to eat some ramen noodles
don't know
It's so nice outside today...so this is what it feels like to not live on the face of the sun.
Thanks for watching! Easy to make people who are already special look good!!
a snitch niggaaaaa that's dat shit I don't like
Gotta love that #28 Posey guy. Only jersey I own.
Here's to hoping my computer at work is ready for me tomorrow. Goodnight.
Ready to be done with my psych exam so I can hit up a few bars tonight. After RUSH of course ;-)
#ThingsIDislike when someone tells you their gonna do something and didn't do it.
That is gross
Nothing kills happy hour like a big head. Now bartenders and concessionaires pulling pints can rely on TurboTap”. - Time Magazine
I'm sometimes surprised when people still think that the library will be phased out of cities and universities.
J Lo is so fine
good lord no way. but she is a survivor. miss you.
Old guys lie to the younger guys about some strange colored weed they got from a "white dude" from alaska.
Julius Peppers and Donovan McNabb are the only two people to play in a Final Four and the Super Bowl
Had fun at the Indy home show today! You all know to print address labels to fill out all those forms to win prizes, right? :)
- Bin Laden was not wrong.
Tim Duncan got a haircut? Spurs might win it all man.
AMAZING hopefully I can come probably will mwaaa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
see he not even talking to me tho, he talking to you..
Didn't you hear The #Wizards love him and want to pair him up with Nene!
I'm here in Tucson, AZ headed to Austin, TX for #sxsw - enjoying coffee reading about #sxsw & getting excited to attend event
Had a wonderful time with the Full Sail crew for the shoot. Thank you Tracy, Tom, James, Andy, Sun Digital, Black Kat Girls and Mojo's!
“: So entertaining when 50 year old ladies dress slutty.” Aww, you know you want a cougar! Worn in like a pair of old jeans ;)
im bout to drop slyder music 2///and the last legend im working
Major LOL at the white preppy girl in the Coogi jacket.
Multiple thank you notes today from students, which always make me smile
I'm pretty sure that the TV show Glee exists only to sell CDs filled with cover songs.
Not only do i look like a prick driving an Expedition in a dark blue suit. I'm tweeting like one.
It's gunna be one of those fuckin days isn't it...great
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhenTextingYou When ur job gonna stop taking u away!
Thanks Chuck!
Sorry I was late, but thanks for meeting me for brunch!
Great class yesterday, we learned so much, thank you! , you have a great COO!
You won the Kilker.
Not so much David Wilson.
I'm so tired of the Obama bashing by the GOP. Especially considering most of their "facts" are made up in their head.
In 1975 I walked into The Narragansett Times editorial office with a pathetic portfolio of newspaper clippings and a resume so bereft of ex…
Being driven to study computational linguistics this late by something other than procrastination is quite odd for me...damn paranoia!
I agree!
In the in studio with the boy and making these hits!!
Music is my Lover and Success is my Mistress !
Went to Sushi on the Rocks and it was great!
Follow Wael Ghonim. He's the Google marketing manager that helped to lead this revolution.
don't fuck with him, he has bo staff skills.
Make It Or Break It Son! Tweet ya from le phone. :P
there pretty cool, my buddy turned me on to them about a year ago!!!
Removing Soriano or...?
Really had a great time as well, fun talking to the filmmakers and audience alike - oh, and you looked marvelous.
cop my album "The Black Swan" on iTunes its the hottest album on the streets right now !!!!
I love Quinn Fabray
Hell yeah! RT : Just worked on some guest vocals for ! So excited to hear how everything comes together. :)
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody can be successful unless he loves his work. David Sarnoff
Ground Wars: Personalized Communication in Political Campaigns--tonight with Rasmus Nielsen and for MCC &
That awkward moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
I'm going to hit the gym tomorrow.
We have alerted our support team of your request. They will be contact with you shortly.
he's not mine anymore...i can see it..i dont go to school for 1 day and...he's with that b****! :(
date night with my guy tonight! Want to try a new place in Denver or Boulder for dinner- any recommendations?
Enjoy your Thursday on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - San Francisco's Smooth Jazz Station!
Knowing BJ's work ethic, he is now a light-heavyweight.
and don't forget about me being on Chumley's lockdown
happy bday kid
I miss the gym. And when I say I miss it, I miss going H.A.M. in there pre-prego -__- It's like going cold turkey on a habit I think. LOL
Christmas just around the corner get your fisherman and women great Rod Racks as gifts.
Thanks, Steve - have a good one!
I am definitely not in the mood for anything at all. Omg I just wanna Plug in my earphones and act like no one is home. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yesterday the police let the protesters stay, they were arm and hand in hand, chanting "let us in"it really is the people's house after all
Alright. Who has the best "must follow" lists? Any major recommendations?
in certain climates, i'd say yes!
We off & on but
Madison cops are already cracking down. Third time seeing people sitting on the curb next to the car
Ways I was not #vegan today: donuts (one w/bacon). Chicken. Goat cheese. Sry #meatlessmonday, you just got moved to Tuesday.
Actually we don't use an RSS with Twitter, expect for blogs! :)
:Nice one I like that!
Special deals on any pick ups in La Mesa, Lemon Grove, or Spring Valley today.
Aye bitch stfu -.-
I would like my Mega Millions winnings in Troll dolls, please
Somebody is wearing "Essence of old lady" perfume this morning i see.
At work bored
I never know where to start in Forever 21.
": Blowjobs are illegal in Malaysia and punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum."<=boy these hoes would have LIFE here!!!
Head to today for great films by and about rural people and places. Support independent filmmakers & eat free popcorn. Sweet!
Playing a block party tomorrow night. That means free beer and tunes. If you live on the block at least
Met at the & luncheon .. See the pic at 8 News Now FB page.
checking it out...
i'm soo trapped by anxiety! i worry wayy too much. i need to change that. Free your mind beautiful people :)) i will do the same
going to go ahead an assume my game got cancelled lol.. #happy not sad anymore from last night!
Oh my word I just saw Nick Cannon at the #AmericasGotTalent auditions!!!! :)
ahh I'm missin you too bro!! Gonna play some him and cuddle up to my him pillow under my him bead cover and think about you!!
NO...dammit - Zynga buys Draw Something maker OMGPOP, CONFIRMED (caps in honor of company name).
When Austin didn't get our April fools joke and everyone was freaking out
To all the new fans, "Mahalo". Please scroll all the way down to get to know The Doosh. And Don't Be A Gaper! Rate, hate, like or spike.
soo sleepy!!!! cant wait for grad school to be over..on to pageant land
This TUESDAY 1/18, our new album hits iTunes, Rhapsody, mp3.com, Amazon MP3, emusic, 7 Didital, and dozens more throughout the globe. ...
This dude tryn make me , some weed cookies ... Daaaa fuccckkk
#IWishYouKnew ME! Until then....stop talking! #bam <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
The India #turmeric has medicinal properties that help #Alzheimer patients.
“: oh lawd. Shopping demon!” Send the rain!!
I been fly so long i fell asleep on the fucking plane
Don't even get me started on ems and ens and bears, oh my!
#ragnarchi was a great race overall. Very good organization, easy directions on the road, including the night. I highly recommend it.
Cowboys and Chargers :-(
Gotta wake up early and track down some kite string or twine for a photo shoot in golden gate park tomorrow .
Toes: sprained 4th toe
Trying to figure out how to get some Beverly Hills Cop quotes into one of our projects cc/
yup insane!!
I appreciate Mattern's turn to studies of acoustics in ancient cities in premodern archaeology as a source for methodology in her own work.
aren't you in buffalo?? Go to anchor bar! Haha
they've been having breaks this whole year wtfff >:/ no I'm mad lol
hailey what sport
I hate when ppl take this as a joke, I don't take my $$$ or my business as a joke. I'm out here grindin man
My nigga out side with some church socks on lhh
Statistically taller people sleep longer in bed.
how? you dont even know me
Recently charged with a felony? Bloodworth Law Firm can help you get the representation YOU deserve. Call us immediately @ (615) 250-8000
Denver #420 crowd getting larger. Starting to fill up civic center park. Billed as biggest 420 rally in country.
As much as mainstream fare tends to disappoint in general as of late: it's somewhat offensive to see how Austin Powers 4 is a trending topic
Success comes before work only in the dictionary~ Author Unknown
You mad, bro? Ha,
Testing out a ton of experimental recipes this week! Be prepared to see new ones soon! Probably more naming contests as well!
I think "real jobs" are gonna be a hot commodity in 2009... Be happy! :D
One of those days when every endeavor seems hopelessly snarled and knotted. #fb ::dramatic sigh::
Happy Friday! Everyone have a safe and blessed weekend :)
And the preparation for date night begins! A little britney,beyonce& gaga will do!! Now what to wear?!?!
thank you thank you.
miss you too! I've been so show deprived lately and the people that come with them <U+E403>
Amen and amen. Arrest this man, please. RT : I am drained. This case is on me like 3 winter coats in the summer time.
Had a great time with family in Madison.
I swear you look like nelson mandela with a ball fade with the baron davis beard!!!!!
Alex "El Tiburon" deGoti has been the starting shortstop since his FRESHMAN YEAR making him the oldest player on the team!
#icc2012 attendees: is Byram central to _your_ understanding or application of ICC?
Ahh- what a tease! #teamadam is saving the best for last
Eating healthy on the road, eh? ;-D
- Roe On Here Coolinq With Him & The Family Fwu.... But Im Off Love You Ugly <3 Sn. You Need Some More Flows In Ya Inbox ' LML
#kids The Easter Bunny Arrives at The Boulevard Mall! at The Boulevard Mall, Fri, Apr 6 10:00a: The Easter Bunny arrives at The Boulevard...
It's fun to sing "I'm Still Here" but sub in the words "Richard Gere."
Time to fill out more resumes!
Happy mother's day
just watching Total Recall and everything is touch screen - even finger nail polish - but there are still keyboards
if you ever feel like knitting again, drop me a line. I'd be happy to ease you back in.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation might be the greatest Christmas movie of all time...
Fellas don't forgot your moms today, she's the most important woman in your life.
thanks brother. I'm loving the fact you got good shit as well.
good morning marianne, do you think donald will win
Some of my amazing followers should talk to me(:
Attend the Northeast Barista Championship-coffee, beer & dancing-FREE at highline loft Saturday 8pm
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.
only if I can stand right next to him as we do it
Cool! Thanks! RT : DEADWOOD PARK is one of my favorite micro-budget horror movies. Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Hey twitter fans, take a minute and sign up www.iBand.me if you love music you will love the site!
yes i can
love you ! :) cheer up love.. im here for you!
put a pic on here
So what do you think of Google+ so far?
I wonder if likes my icon(:
FINAL! No. 13 Oakland knocks off top ranked Penn State with a 5-3 victory.
Uh yeah! We do! We'll bring the beer!
twitter is good for immediate recommendations only
Ditto. RT : Q5 yes, definitely. my husband is my rock.. and sounding board.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction
I just "got" that t shirt
meek mill is nasty
RT : FABULOUS talk about how distraction in natural environments affects the results of user tests
"I love my tits slathered in crimson." What the fuck did I just read?
u gonna be on tomorrow morning?
talk to me
I love it!! The colors are so relaxing!
Everybody trend #ThankYouGeo so geo could see
We open at 11 and the Special is on from 11-4pm! After that, check out the dinner special at 5 till closing!
She has my heart i have hers i am getting my engine put in. I have my friends back. And i have money in the bank... Well damn lifes good
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook fan page! be entered in our drawing 4 an iPAD2! Announced on here in 22 hours!!!! 1 day to go!
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. Vista Kelly
Liking someone who you can't have sucks:o/
#BlackBabyNames Tom Robinson
I've caught you looking, but you deny it, so why should I bother, if you don't even try.
our drummer is from Boston.
ole girl thought she was hot, thirsty rat! I saw how she was peeping you though! Lol, told her to follow me on twitter!
#ThingsThatINeed more sleep. food. and summer.
Inhaled poison ivy/oak/sumac causes swelling & irritation of the lungs/throat, coughing, blisters and boils over entire body
Just came across a business calendar item that promotes an event as having, ahem, "unusual family activities."
Silly sound department. :-)
#imagine Harry and you go to a roller coaster and he have a lot of scared so he hugs you with all his might, so he advantaje and kiss you <3
Those who love and are loved by God are not allowed to cease to exist, because they are God's treasures: Dallas Willard
hahahaha okay I will!!!
Mind blown picking 's head off the floor
I wonder if we had a Nandos here would 1D come lol :D
Every time #WallStreet comes on I just have to watch it. Gordon Gekko is Michael Douglas at his best.
Oh I gotcha Hun. In the tub is just fine with me Michelle. Are there going to be bubbles? Xoxo
i was!! boo...#twitter is messin' up & not showing my mentions!! so i just got this...sry for late response! have FUN though! :)
We need to redefine what it means for a redesign to be 'done'. Public launch does not equal end of project.
cutest couple award
. Hey, Pete. I don't know. Maybe a Pontiac Bonneville. The convertible. But you don't drive.
Hello Mariah, I hope Nick is going to be just fine. I am a fan of you and Nick. You two will be in my prayers. Love you two
Transforming Organizational Culture Denison model half day workshop in Denver 10/21. www.Astdrmc.org
Thrift Stores, Foot Massages, and a Redbox rental...Its going to be a good week this week!
Haha...can you say weirdest day ever in football!
"Money can buy everything but meaning." #socap11 is proving this is no longer true. Happy/grateful to be alive at this time...
Itch because I perceive./Conjure sense when you believe.
It was great seeing all of you tonight! hope to see you again soon :)
I may or may not be getting a tattoo next week. But I'm not telling you if I am.... or am not.
Thanks for the RT buddy!
Oh my God Bradley Cooper is at the same party I'm at....he's so Limitless!!!!
The only animal that thinks we're awesome: the dog.
I have honestly thought of you all weekend. I love you. When are you coming to school?
Watching love storys while its storming >>
My friends are bbqing with breathe Carolina and the ready set. I miss BBQ with the bands and crews. Seriously, can I go home now?
« #BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I ran track cheer dance an did gymnastics»
#LOITERSQUAD BEST SHOW SINCE EVER.
RT : Valentine's Day Specials! Relax w half price wines by the bottle & for you chocolate lovers, half price Brownie a la Mode!
Sophia Downing guilty, all counts. After verdict, Downing's attorney whispered something to her. In tears, she replied, "You're sorry?!?!"
So. I mean no disrespect but I gotta know. will Romney make us all be Mormans if he becomes president? And if so, do they have good food?
hey Paula, I remember a day you called yourself the bean lady, am I crazy?? This Is a legitimate question!!
UK football makes people drink
Yay!! Found them! :)
Hey everyone! Please check us out at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com :):) we appreciate all support and retweets!
Need #cupcakes? must check out sugar mountain
I usually go to bed around 4am every night, but tonight I'm going to bed at 11pm:)
it appears Tulo will makes his AB as he gingerly moves to the on-deck circle, but he's still taking inventory
I guess it wouldn't be about as much the falling as it would the sudden stop. I've heard they can be a real buzz-kill-LOL
I have no deep thoughts but I'd love to know what prompted the warning
Thank you for the RT!
+1 RT : Congratulations! For getting hired permanently, not for passing the drug test. Although that too.
Show us your books! Tweet a photo of your critical edition collection & we'll add one more to your shelves.
why isn't "anthemic" a word?
Looking forward to chatting with you on Monday!
Price hikes might be inevitable but UO should reward longtime supporters, not punish them. Keeping them is key 2 long-term financial success
What the heck is facebook doing to itself? :/ It's going to give itself a Myspace-Fate. Google+, Anyone?
Getting a pizza and heading home to watch "Dark Night of the Scarecrow". I'd rather be at Thee Oh Sees show, but you know how it goes.
great to see you. Get some sleep ya silly boy!!!
Hi Brad, were working with sponsors at tech events now, and working on sales tools to attract sponsors & local nonprofits
Happy Easter! (:
New V-day toast: Loving somebody... makes you want to set that person on fire... cheers!
12 Angry Men continues to hold up every time I see it
never mind il find someone like you ;)
Link to a webpage or two where you're responsible for every single line of code, and assume we'll study it like the Torah.
I got that coffee, milk, a banana and that white-chocolate-macadamia-nut-dried-cranberry cookie breakfast.
FOX been angling to new pinnacle with new ambitions and goals. Seeking pre-eminence. The future 1960s CBS/NBC/ABC they once balanced
come out to #stillliferaleigh we will take great care of you!!
Play Ya Cards Right
I'm going to the fair ! :D aha
I CAN'T WAIT! #giddy schoolgirl RT: : A day and a half!
yayay then ur all good :D want the pass now?
Another beautiful day in #Cincinnati - Spring is here!
Rythm and Ribs jazz event happening this weekend at 18th and Vine, get your tickets now!
Required reading according to Blight: All the King's Men.
Christina Aguilera gives me chills every time she opens to sing <3
#myfirstyearatcollege was awesome and crazy, I learned a lot and it opened my mind, we'll leave it at that
Every day.
I suspect PARKVILLE like the rest of BALTIMORE is going to be HoppingCrazy tonight w/SuperMoon & Kitten De Mayo Must listen to scanner! Ha!
which city are you in?
Where the fuck is everybody?!
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
Obedient minion wanted for anal rare book dealer. Menial tasks for paltry pay. Those clinging to romance of the book need not apply.
It continues to amaze me how some people cling to the most ridiculous ideals
You are doing Source again! Awesome! I rub it!
Carol, thanks for ordering the book. Pixability-in Cambridge-did the video. Tell Randy I sent you.
oh cool
I'll see if I can find time. Wow it's been 2.5 years
why RT: nervous as FUKK for New York I really dont wanna see my grandma..
I kind of agree. had idea I liked: Pass Const. Amen. that sets up lottery system to decide order of state primaries
I need Everybody 2 show luv n follow my nigga
It almost Cambodia new years!!!
Fifteen minutes to party time. Get your party hats ready . . .
Go Lobos! Good luck Lady Lobos Soccer team today against BYU. Go Lobos!
“: Now that she is leaving the CBS Evening News, I'd like to see a show called "Katie Couric's Alaska: with Books!"”
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't miss it. I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches.
If I found out I had a teaching job this fall, I would put in my two weeks notice in July and go on a road trip out west. Montana maybe?
It's weird, but I love that feeling. "Good sore" = great workout! It always gives me a sense of conquering my body.
. Campari is in my heart. My grand dad drank all the time. But Luxardo is damn good.
greetings from wisconsin!! (;-)»
Morning all today is going to be beautiful!
lol I was just laughing.. I always laugh. Constantly for no reason.
MAMA MAHONE, Y U NO COME TO MIAMI?? :(
RT : “ #Gemini's have a bad twin to blame their mischievous side on.”
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Thx Freddie, it's out 11/8th. FB has samples. Let's hang! Congrats on ur new cd. Will try to check out asap!
But I love my boots:)
We miss you too! RT : Great dept! Miss my terps!
thanks for the #ff!
I strapped empty soup cans to my head with aluminum foil. Irritation of metal-to-skin aside, the sound quality was fantastic
thanks for RT!!!
DeAndre Jordan = older looking version of Tyler the Creator.
I don't live in eagle, but I can meet right outside the door :D
hi I'm from America and I admire how you say what you think. Not all Americans are bad like you think.
About to catch some Orioles magic, while there is still time.
same here. I get all sad. :( I wish we could do something to help.
A few weeks left before Mother's Day... you know she wants pics of you.. hurry schedule now before its too late!!!! xo Wendy
heyy long time no talk :) lol
Today in 1867 – Zoetrope was patented!
"Does this dress make me look fat?"
do u do mtf transformation
Starvin like marvin need
corinna bringing out my happy side right now c: <3
I can't stand guys who wear camo.
yeah. Against people who've been losing. We've got troubles.
Can't get that song out of my head since watching Mad Men!
who else would I send them to? I was going to send "You seemed smarter to me when I first met you." but that one won out.
however, should they have to choose a specific "major" when they are 14 yr old?
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals
This Saturday at 2 PM: 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse starts at Salinger's
Just FYI - this is - just so I'm not tweeting you out of the blue. ;-)
Poker room!
What a great story! My pleasure to pass it along. :)
i hate that crap.
Huh im bored cleazning up
CONGRATS!!! Cannot wait for next week!! Savor the moment!
No I will never ever do that. I rant on here because no one cares what u say and they're not listening
Sometimes, when sailors are sailing,they think twice, about where they’re anchoring, and think, I could make better use of my time on land.
Thanks for the follow bro! Hows SwagAir coming along?
Do u ever wake up in the morning & realize "This could be the greatest day of my life, or the worst. Only fate can decide."
RT if and should come back to New York City :)
ok blake weds is my parents 15th wedding anniversary. so im wondering at ur show on weds if u could give a shout out cont.
I was using a computer in the basement of the lib, now I'm home
I'll give u that, Rodgers is a great QB but boo the Pack! ;P
I wanna learn the dance on white chicks 'it's tricky' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT Has there ever been a time when an officer examines a 21-yr-old's smart phone that did NOT result in 24-life indictment?
Need more than these flirtations, need a full time boo thang
Loving the immense support for
been there once, never going back again!
Call 619-733-5322 to start saving #money on your #insurance today!
Just me and my music tonight...
Workflow for the day
to a certain point is right I've been on the waiting list for section 8 for almost 10 years got 2 approval last year
Lately, I haven't been giving a fck about anything and I'm loving it.
The first #SuperBowl tickets went for $6-12. This year's face value range is $800-1200.
CIM & Macklowe submit plans for an 82 story condo at the Drake Hotel site, which will be NYC's tallest residential tower...
Morning tweeps! Good luck to all during the first day of classes! Make this an active semester with Campus Rec!
Find another girl.
Home tip of the week: For loose furniture joints, apply baking soda then superglue into the joint to fill & cement it.
Go chargers
glad you enjoyed
if you need to talk dm me.. dont ever feel soo terrible you dont want too live like they did. things DO get better. i promise.
I've thought the same thing!
follow back?
Honor America's veterans for their patriotism, love of country, and willingness to serve and sacrifice for the common good.
Love this. RT : The message is; advocate for #beer, but let go of the beer advocating. Got it.
I agree and yes. It's live too. I was talking about #Buffs and #Beavs though.
thanks for the #ff- and same back atcha!
#YallAreNotDating if he always making excuses when you tryna see him
holy shit that's awesome!
anybody say italian
Is that 90s band or sometbhing?
RT Join the fight! Follow RT!
For updates and pictures from the Nike unveiling in NYC follow
ooh how i hate going there. has always been one of my biggest fears
no I got it. Just didn't know.
I'm gonna have to be tired for work tomorrow n watch my NUGGETS!!
awww thanks amy ur beautiful too :-)
She badder than a 3 year old .
Hey Brockport, how's your hangover after Brock the Port this weekend?
Twisted sister Xmas. Just yes. Google it.
“I’m frightened to death, I’m frightened that I won’t be strong.”
Tonight Joe Hite on the piano at The Belmont. Holiday cheer is in the air
LOSE YOUR FUCKING MIND GO CREW.
but let's be honest, are any of them WORTH $200 to participate in?
The snow will not stop taunting me.
Too bad production savings don't trickle down to consumers. Why does an eBook cost as much as a paper one?
UWO drops its first game of the #WIAC tourney, 10-0 in 8 innings to a heck of a team. Play loser of UWW/UWSP at 4.
Life is art and art is my life
sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in aluminum foil #fairytaleswithhappyendings?notalways!
Imma bout to choke the shit outta her!!!!!!
10 years since #NYC was attacted..my beautiful city is stronger than ever
Finally saw Hunger Games & it is so good!!! Now I'm home watching my favorite new show !!
hilarious! rob did have a little tat q+a today
Oxy Mo: Political solution
I really did. It made my day, actually! AND the card was so sweet... I hope things are calming down? Tall order for 3 days tho..
It does help..heading to your blog now! Thanks again!
Finally! I hve twitter on my blackberry
Blonde Gang is not about having blonde hair but about individuality & uniqueness. What Makes You You! Follow !
yeahh me too, thatd be so exciting for you<3
too much thinking already this morning?
- Really considering Goin Back to NY Now!!
Is today a holiday for meters & street cleaning in LA? Anyone know?
When I think of Maurice Sendak I think of the Little Bear books, Chicken Soup with Rice and the Pierre Books. These are the books I admire.
kerry collins = PSUAlum, just FYI lol (you know I am loyal lol)
OMG those jeans!
bitch you are growing a fucking hairline i wouldnt even come to skool if i was u first of all you fake as fuck u have no friends no life
follow me?
great meeting with you!
Oven Roasted Green Beans It isn't often you hear people wax poetic about green beans. Sure, vegetable-lovers and gardeners go crazy over
": #Aries sex is like nothing else. You will remember how amazing it was for life."
Not a big fan of the rain right now
I was humiliated by your staff Ballantyne Commons & no one wanted to do anything to solve the problem. They couldn't have cared less.
just a thought is all.
The closet called. RT : STOP what you're doing and watch 's "Where Have You Been" video right now.
It's so hot in my house that I'm contemplating turning on the AC. Thoughts ??
In a MF minute...RT : Metta world peace look like a he bout to beat a Nigga
Thanks for the mention!
A confused mind says no... What's do YOU want today? Take a step to make it happen!
A bowl of soup and a camera! Get creative with it! Two beards, one soup is always a popular choice
I ain't been home in a month I guess
Right. Okay, twitter, we're on this right? Weenie! Wake up!
When I saw you, you was wifed up. Yea you was his. But the look on ya face said he wasnt shit...
Twitter has taught me to edit myse
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!
Can't wait for the game today!
“: Wade's having one of those nights where the things he usually does that look effortless seem really really difficult.” 2funny
I can give you a couple details
Only one Answer! rel to hot local trendsFollow me back
i think should follow me. Just cause when i'm sick i kinda sound like her. No offense. I think i sound awesome when im sick.
I don't have a PS3. That's why I want it on Iphone. I LOVE the concept, been watching Youtube videos all morning.
What happened?
Lets go Montee Ball !!! Bust a big one to seal the game, tie the record 39 TDs, cover the spread -9.5. Bring on the Ducks.
First time in 8 years I'm missing opening day. Feels like Santa skipped my house.
Finished shooting some more great workout video. Get caught up at www.breakoutworkout.com
Listen to Tyler. RT : A ZED & TWO NOUGHTS is playing at this weekend! Go see it, and get your Greenaway on.
As the great said it, "people need to just take a chill pill."
Straight up, I would jump in front of a bullet for my mom
plus a little bit of & Joel Anthony
CLOCKSS created their own cloud and they're keeping it in the community.
Mama Im at a crossroad.... Of my my my my life.... Damn...
great win ducks lets wrap up the washington sweep on saturday
yepp, it has!! And I'm alright. What about you?? ;D
#ratchetmixtapetitles Skittles & Ice Tea
Free t-shirts while they last, free PD micro sessions, prizes & more in booth 318
Would anyone like a Christmas card from me? Message me with your address.
Checking out the found footage flick Area 407.
and i miss talking to himm!
AS PROMISED!!! FIRST PERSON TO DM ME 4 TRACKS PRODUCED BY DJ PREMIERE, DM ME FOR A PASS TO ONE STOP SHOP!
Hiding under my desk taught me forbearance.
thanks for the shout out and post!!! U guys are the best!
2am! Too late for the kids... :(
I just need to keep the right mind set & I'll graduate.
thanks for your service to the USA. Hope you had a great Veteran's Day with your family!
I'm so glad you did!! It was such a good interview.
#IfIWereU I'd pay attention to what's going on around you!
Hi HS All best FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
exploring my own body and i love what i see
You can't boo during a battle....its a battle!!! We gotta hear what's being said. Just my opinion.
lucky ducky
Proud knight of the Juan table...
but great error message! tell me you didn't smile when you saw it...
Finished jury duty. Two of the most common crimes in Warren County, OH: domestic violence and DUI.
harry potter FAIL
Thanks for the retweet!
This train is taking forever
much deserved, good job this wk w/
Hey everyone! How's your night going so far? #MuchLove :*
Your story is beyond inspiring. My thoughts & prayers are with you.
I'm so lazy that I'm not even going to CXCW.
still have that HUGE dent in my door from 2 years ago. Do you know anything about that?
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow I could care less about what you think about me.
oh semaj cousin.... she cool af.... go follower her.... this is my twin jamie
Just take my hand, hold it tight
now that clearly all depends on where
I think I was still drunk at work yesterday when I walked in.
Hack-A-Thon at work today. Meaning we can leave until we develop a working project which is a in house Time Tracking application. Sad!!!
Hate when mf act dum or act like niggas stupid n shit
You too!
"Damnit I thoroughly enjoy being in this band" -Jakey Lee at practice today
Most Christians want 2 know God in the power of His resurrection without the fellowship of His sufferings...
i was gonna do it on performances but im teamin up with mike n were doin it on label.
Romeo save me, they're trying' to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult, but it's still real.
World&#39;s Tallest Buildings Pictures, Images, Poster Prints
Music is as unique as a fingerprint...infinite possibilities!
No, I keep it up for always. I'm sentimental that way.
Don't forget to Spring ahead. The good new it won't be Dark at 6 anymore!!
#Lifeclass - how many of us will know something about ourselves we didn't know at when this program is over. I think I will...
I really fucking hate texting.
what's it on
#ItsCrazyHow hungry I am all the time haha
Don't hate on them@
photo was take on main st just north of william.
do you have a condom because i want this, i just dont wanna die for it
Got a crazy sweet tooth? white chocolate gelato is all you need
I definatly do that.
Thanks for the follow back...
Mike Leach's offense is 2-for-2, starting the game with a pair of scoring drives. Tuel to Carl Winston for a short TD.
I want your eyes!<3 btw we need to go on an adventure soon!
Ben, you actually look better than Aziz (#noHomo).. but he's a little funnier than you but it's pretty close haha
yes to both (:
hook office still smells of raw sewage. sniffing sharpees to stay alive. #isit5PMyet?
It's like they know it's bout to happen / just keep ya eye out like "Aye aye, captain."
I think your the last pieces of my puzzle called life.
Nothing could be better than hanging out at Freshman Day!
well zynga traditionally goes after stay at home moms, i think
Whoever decided to do construction during the holiday season sucks balls.. Really main street.. Really? 5 waits at a light? Balls
Sign around high school tourists' necks at Press Club food court: "Crime pays for banks and frackers"
Thanks Adelia Keep spreading the word :D -xoxogno
Hey Teens! Want to have some say in what happens at the library? Join the YAK Krew @ Gibson Lib today @ 4 to talk about programs|books|more!
Next time I hear a politician exhort "finding common ground", I think I'll suggest we start by sharing our feelings about TicketMaster....
RT : sound great. can't wait to enjoy some of their great eats!
Perhaps (oddly) the nicest thing you could say about me. :)
Genomes of two champion bulls sequenced
AWESOME COVER DUDE!!!! Great job! I love Green day lol...but my band mostly does sreamo.
That shit happened to me too! What the fuck!
Has Hollywood learned nothing from "Snakes on a Plane"?
follows this model with their email rating system.
Shaq is my favorite sports commentator shaq daddy keep doin your thing!
Writing's all about the sentence basics: what's the subject, how's the verb? Grow your blossoms on the branches of great structure.
Thanks for the follow- I love your picture!
a good time to stop studying is when your laptop dies. Even a machine can't handle all the knowledge
What am I supposed to be doing with #scoville? Still haven't figured that out.
We hope you enjoyed the show! We've been hearing awesome reviews of it!
Saying "Or Not" When People Do the Complete Opposite of What You Just Said
So why do record stores still have "Bongs & Rolling Papers" aren't we past that yet?
Think college bar. Id be hard pressed to find a pickle here.
Sheriff's Log - Big Bear Grizzly
Its been a good a crazy season Magic....hope for a good summer.
VICTORY! I finally got that freaking teeny shard of glass out of my pinky finger!
You best believe I'm gonna see kells Friday in Denver . Don't care if I have to walk 10 mile's. And I'm going by myself.
Um ru kidding me?!?!?
This is comical.
RT : Where is your commitment leading you right now?
Something about taking an education class final
If one song sums up my Life it would be "Don't speak By No Doubt" #TragicKingdom I know what your thinking o_O
The probability of a black parody song having the word "doo-doo" in it is like 85%
Please support Walk for Wishes this saturday.
I got it from my mama..... Thx mom. <3 me
"youre a bad texter" no its called i dont want to talk to you... get it right
Lmaooo soo true I did it all the time:/
aye bay bay :D
free cassel too
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 97
Follow my new twitter ; :)
Running jump / kiss = success
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
Can you elaborate or is there an article in the works we should look 4ward2?": RT : Still favorites for PM?>>Yes"
Well at least we know Reggie will be back for his senior season...
more men should rock Faris style :)
A little voice inside my head said don't look back, you can never look back
aye I need an appt ASAP
Watching old Mosley fight
I want to propose a system that includes dev/design people who care about the quality not the quantity. I'm not in it to milk $ from people.
So earlier I sign my contract for my agent so I'm just feelin great right now! #Godup2sumthin!
so I'll be in South Carolina on Sunday;)
"In your butt, put the eyeball in your butt Put, put the eyeball in your butt" - Eddie Murphy song
#WhatAWomanNeeds is to know that you have her back unconditionally...Mia Opening #Chicago soon!
so full of pizza right now
Push them to the dirt, till the words don't hurt; can you hear me?
sounds fun.. but I doubt I can get in ahaha
Prepping for the mothers day edition of #carlsononthelaw on tune in at 11
I feel... Used
I wish you cared about how I feel..
you have none... Loser<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5>
People that go to pearlridge every weekend. #tiredyet?
what's good with this music time to make some moves for this comp before u head out
Those I love you more fights >>>>>
A commitment to #excellence - that will enable you to attain the #success you seek
If Hasidism came if age in the 1970s instead of the 1790s, would the hasids be wearing polyester leisure suits?
I miss my bestie You should come home now! Thanks. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Marvelous Monday Special -1/2 off ALL bottles of wine and champagne! Bring a friend!
I dont want you to be sad. im really trying to help you but your really not letting me.
cause ya never texted me LMFAOOO
Monster Mash Mode is what she on
we play your music in our office while we pack care packages for Cancer patients. Thanks for being such an inspiration!
M1919 on a half track that was actually deployed in ww2 #Topshot gonna be so awesome.
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for the Pgh Blues Festival! July 24-26 @ Hartwood Acres. DM me for more info! Jam to live Blues for FREE!
when your window of opportunity is only 5 minutes long and its also your first impression then making a mistake is deadly.
Done cleaning up ! Where's my MEDS !!!!!
I really don't know how my life could be better right now I got everything I need <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Will the league look at the Bryant foul on Faried & rule it a flagrant 2 and suspend him for the next game?
well get better man & be at practice before the week ends dawg, Scrimmage On Friday :D
Woohoo!! Passed the second zoom! Keep those #RepeatReceipt tweets coming and we'll have this map zoomed in no time!
#SecretService I did get a prostitute but was too drunk to have sex
Love dealing with awesome customer service reps. Thanks Tracy at ! Can't wait for the new business cards!
hey i love you.....it's rare true? but i love you
"Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours."
...even though I suck ass
#MattCavanuaghSays Avengers wasn't a good movie
I wana put u on my plate ben wantn to for awhile now
yes!! There having the interview at 8:40 but where don't hear till 10:40 cuz there behind on time then we are
The way folks use the word "we" when talking about sports, you would think they are really on the team.
what's the best way besides social media to get the word out about a new product or brand??
thnx for following.
LOL Hubby. I give him lots of sex and he pays the bills. :)
Make that. 2 bands sets of Private performances!
thank you dear! Glad you enjoyed it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I love you do much that I'd keep you from getting burned
What is hatch.cc? I saw it in your tweet details and got curious...their site is mysterious...
let us skype and I shall explain all, things are looking up!!
I used to work at RBIA and if any employee ever caught a foul or BP ball, you gave it to the first kid you saw or got fired.
Sometimes when I'm angry, i like to pretend i don't know you.
Please go smoke outside sir!!!
I MEAN WHAT THE HELL.
they fired my other, other wife...?
If you ever want a conversation about reg cost and benefits, you can read the report or reach out to me via email anytime. Thanks!
if you're going to pull over to switch buses, maybe the bus that's not broken should be there waiting.
Today felt lik a regular day for me lik I worked I'm tired an I'm onna bus on my way back home
thank you. i love your icon :)
It's a scorcher today! Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade. 24oz for only $2.99
I'm looking outside and it's a snowing.....
To get where you wanna be: 1. Build something up so high its unattainable. 2. Burn it down. 3. Start over with higher goals.
#johnnywalkertasting too bad I hate scotch
Shipping back to Boston after an awesome weekend in NYC!
:/ babe its ok
About to upload or first video blog! Stay tuned!
Hello JO Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
My husband is completely clueless!!
Happy thanksgiving !!!!!!! xD
Nope just ready to tackle the day... :-) and thinking of how useful your car phone charger was at sxsw- thanks!
We need to have an all classic rock night soon
I need to start legacy fit with u guys. Just was shopping and double sided mirrors don't lie!
May the 4th be with you.
I'm going to need the Atlanta Hawks to act like they got the number 1 defense like seriously!!!
How come some lame quote accounts are verified but isnt? :) RETWEET if you think he should be! <3
Wtfffff how shorty sexy and hideous at the same time!!!! Oh shit Remy do that to u lmao
Google is SO damn confused.
O about to have 1,000 by tomorrow!!!!!
Ahh yes.. Sunrise on the Spanish Mediterranean.... All my Mexican-American friends need to be here to enjoy w' me!
Sorry to all my new followers who I havent followed back!!! I've been real busy lately but thats all gonna change right now
I'm making dinner tonight. Wanna come over?
I agree
glad to hear we both made it through our classes
It's the last day to catch our anniversary sale! Come on by and take advantage of the 18% off! Dbl punch drink is a peppermint mocha!
beyond formal plans, do you guys have single user add-on prices? example: if we go above 35 users or our needs are between plans
Acrylic nails in da Health Care profession is very much frowned upon.Sik wrap maybe a better option :0).mines r silk wrapped
gettin yelled at .. because im not home ? she acts like she dont want me home so tf am i post to do ? .. okay moms ..
I recently learned that Turkey is the name of a country (weird) and NOW I learn that it's a TERRORIST country. It's like UGH!
Consults on how to write the "moidah's" realistically? Seriously, if I write it I'll keep that edit/consult in mind.
t* lol last tweet(;
only accept if it's from a Cambodian immigrant from the Bronx.
tomorrow I'm ma fail the class I'm so sorry I really am
RT : RT : Blog post of 's visit to for an employee teambuilding exercise designing...
And boom goes the dynamite!
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
donttt be afraid!!!
It's funny how people wanna start limping when they're fucking up so they won't look bad, HA.
Feet swollen....
Tell me this is a true story!
will 7'2 loek van mil make it to the big leagues?
Indie authors, indie spirits: we care more about our stories' quality than about how many copies a publisher thinks they would sell.
love "8Bit Heart". Wishing you much continued success!!!
I completely agree! Too many franchisors leave their franchisees to find funding themselves instead of being proactive.
Hahaha, apparently so!
so its official, we're getting married. We'll talk more details when you come to Seattle. ;)
Will the free time gods smile on me tonight? Depends...
yes? Loll
Oh no. First, that was a great description. We haven't met, but from your pic, I dont see you as a doughy guy.
i find nutella nasty. idk whats so awesome about it.
For some, grace means unmerited love. Maybe that’s why developing relationships takes such courage - Patricia Eagle, June 17, 2006
thank you really!! haha and idkk I've been growing it since 6th...im in 11th now or 12th now I guess XD
no you rock Gillyweed!
well lets hope his stats get better this week compared to the first few
Starting this Sunday!!!!
Stay w/ #Patch all day for up-to-date coverage of today's vote. For other local results check out &
Where can I get authentic Italian meal in San Diego?
I miss you but im really trying not to care anymore
"I love Eminem!" "I like Skittles better." "No, the rapper you idiot..." "You're the idiot, what's so good about a M&M wrapper?"
I have to go see a chiropractor tomorrow. Should I feel old or
dj anthony on air right now listen to WIN a 4 pack uf buffalo bandits tickets for this saturday night!!!!!!!
I really have breathing problems.. and it hurts my chest..
My favorite thing about Twitter is noone can look at you and say "That Was Random"
Very nice! I am a Barbie girl! :)
i love you too :)
NY and PA had the largest fleet of steamboats in the 1830s/1840s - by far. It seems someone should write "Steamboats on the Eastern Rivers"
Getting through the curriculum is IRRELEVANT. What the kids learn is what matters.
its a date :)
#Nowplaying space bound * eminem
Am I wasting my time talking to you?
I'm good! Busy busy!
yes I feel a little bit better..not to great tho but it's ok. How are you?
Woohoo! Looking forward to hearing the results from the latest upgrades for your strat.
All I want to know is where can I get one of those light up suits!
Walker's Point, fingers crossed.
Did you tell them who you are!?!? Try shouting "I'm Barney! I'm Doogie! I'm HUNGRY! "
. -- "I think that thrs an old spirit of the remnants of the south that comes 2 life evry 1ce in a while...
What makes a quality experience? RT : OTOH, Im torn bet too much use of smartphones in galleries vs people really LOOKIN
But Panda doesn't affect SEO... Content farming still effective to improve page position...
good timing! Watching from 214!
GT Events is on twitter!!!
Love it when a plan works out!...So far, so good anyway!
"His manner is politely pleaseant and compliant but w/ distant amiability of indifference."- MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Yes! Always!
The donations that come in for my passion: ChangeActivists.Org are blessings! They let me continue to change lives! Thank you!
What is your FAVORITE yoga pose and why???
That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...
A bit startled to discover has 63 followers, despite no updates ever. Patient friends: will tweet some steve news soon.
I know! let me unfollow someone who isnt following me to follow you!
It's game time ! Today's selection - Bone Thugs and harmony - Crossroads! Game on.
FYI get ready for an exciting promotion for our facebook fans. like us today to become eligible.
Hello, Thank you for the follow. Will be checking in with you soon. Would like to discuss some things in securing a loan.
Granicus is still looking for to stop by booth 301 for his prize...all #icma11 attendees can win too by tweeting
all good keeps have a bad spell, remember this is his 1st full season
yes! It's perfect for watching Mad Men :)
Yay! Now the wait for mine...
Of course! We're excited for the event!
Planning epic bike adventure into Jersey tomorrow. Who wants to come with?
"N*gga's are like fake Hair here" #Rogan"
#90sproblems - Technology - Which will be the same thing ten years later
Waiting for Godot . . .
thanks for following, Ashley.
I'm starving!,
Oh, and whatever the hell "e-sports" is. I like sports. I like "e". Might be fun to watch.
Today is #NationalDayofPrayer...get on it!
Heading to Atlanta for a conference. Appreciate any recommendations for places to eat/visit while down there, or people I should try to meet
if i where your boyfriend <3
love that movie!
Happy Birthday! Excited to learn some content ideas! ": 9 Powerful, Low Cost Content Marketing Ideas to Grow Your Business. #convcon"
I got on the scale this morning. but there was a camera in the room that added 10lbs. I am sure it did, whether it was on or not.
"The contexts wld broaden" seems an odd choice of tense. They DID. I was there.
lol I gotta stop tweetin on facebook and talk all my shit on here gotta step my game up
RT : There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child....
I'm so behind on all my tv shows
Taking my Mamma out for a little pre-birthday meal. Lord knows, the woman deserves it.
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
Laying out (:
I love how people says to stop hating on a crew and that it is wrong and then go on bashing with another crew. Hypocrites...
Woo! 22 episodes of PARKS AND REC next season!
Buddy stands on us and meows when he wants us up.
Lol RT : Just announced: The Pacers-Sixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
follow back thank u beautiful
Pretty packed weekend, #Giro starts today, tonight and tomorrow followed by
Brad Bird needs to direct the fantastic four reboot I mean since he made an animated version of it called the incredibles. Marvel hire him.
I love you Peyton(: I'm honored that I was able to help you get there! <21
omg that really bothered me last night:)!!! Haha I couldn't stop talking about it
Domeone should tell #JamieDimon that the financial services sector is not the "...creator of all things."
is gunna be at parx casino on april 1st!!!!!!! In PHILLY!
Thank you for the RT! Hope your having a great Thursday!
“ Money is the Motivation”
Don't forget Triple H....WTF?!? He just lost his Black Card
Off to see the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational movie
Mi madre does work tonight, unfortunately
because ACOs will function as an organization, but the model may discourage the sharing of data outside the ACO
WHY IS THAT #WINDOWS OS, FEELS LIKE MANEUVERING THRU A LAND MINE FIELD? "DON'T CLICK THAT, WATCH OUT, HOVER BUT DONT LINGER OVER THAT POPUP"
am heading 2 bed... thanks 4 a gr8 chat!
He owns Capt. Kirk's chair!
doing comm/vo work is still better than any other non industry related "day job"...
you should be ready to rock now. Sorry about that ^_^
We'll pass along the "hello!" RT : I need to get back to Bin 36 and see Brian. Tell him hello please
Cool. Glad you're enjoying it.
Okay so who wants to buy me a 67 camero?
I know what you mean, my facebook has become kind of boring
lol i am just a teen
Did anyone else see World Peace just elbow that dude, wow.
Bout to see at the
it's my dads birthday so I will be out of commission this weekend but no worries I'll be back in a week so we'll have to hang
did the employee violate an NDA? What's the legal issue?
You need two people in a car to maneuver in Chicago traffic!!!!!#
don't think I haven't noticed.
Happy New Year everyone! Be safe out there!
Google me!
When my brother tries to tell my Mexican grandma a story >
GC can too. What a weird phenom.
rockin the stealth 10's on the court and his little Nay Nay rockin them 2 rows behind me
China’s accidental release 2.4 million gallons acid-laced waste into Ting River. China mobilizes 1,000 vessels to respond to an oil spill
I saw it too7
excited times a million!
Packing for Miami...anything new on your radar down there???
Who has a rocket I can hitch a ride on? I'm going to party on the moon!
RT : #Quote - Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday. Anonymous
hahhaa. Im so tired first thing I thought you were dead serious.
I love when ppl hate. free
Our office will be closed from Dec. 19 thru Jan. 1. During that time, Unify support will be sporadic, but available.
I always died, or killed everyone I loved :(
Marc Gasol looking like Bill Walton with gorgeous bounce pass to Z Bo for the deuce
Dude I was wide open.
“: Thank you, i'll always be your little bo :)”>>>you sure will!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Going to get a purple tattoo so when I get old it'll look like a raisin...
Yea, I'm sure I'll do that one. It's a popular one up here for sure!
Hello all
"TWEET" for a special discount @ www.PatricksCatering.com...
I'm in a meeting that I can't believe I am in right now. In a really good way. #pinching myself.
Music--moody food Of us that trade in love. --Cleopatra, Act II, scene v
Not showing up = disrespectful and arrogant. And no, I'm not talking about Jesus.
Angels at Rangers
iTunes and listen to the first part, you should understand what he is singing about.
Denver came out ballin! #KB24 vs #MJ23 - "he is suffering from flu like symptoms" (luv that commercial)
Dear , as a foodie your "personalized" suggestions of Denny's and Family Pancake House leave a bit to be desired.
In the weight room bOut to work heemington
Massacre ... Immediately my heart goes click!
You betcha! Although, I haven't seen it yet so it could be an imposter. ;)
ahaha I got ya
just rocked live stream about new book The Iron Knight! Hopefully, will approve me to read it NOW :) Congrats, Julie!
If i think you suck, then you will see it on my face
Chose to let the customer name their price for photos this time. Let's see how much this one backfires at me.
True victors in life are those who, enduring challenges & setbacks, have the roots of their being to a depth that nothing can shake them.
Hm....Is that a threat?
Please go to my website and let me know what you think about "The Sentinel" www.normanrayfitts.com
I Wish You Would Call me & Tell me you wanna be with me, i wanna hear you tell me youu need me../: <3 iLove You, <3 u.u
IU is playing solid... Impressed!
out west where there'll be flawless Thai food everywhere! So jealous!
what happened homie??...
Thanks #Starbucks for my free latte!
A milk chocolate bar contains more protein than a banana does.
OKC and Lakers for semi finals ^.^
Say what you will about Yu Darvish's performance last night, but I think we can all agree his hair made a pretty sweet debut.
ME AND MOM MARK A CAKE LOL
All I can say is I wish the Runnin' Horns were active when KD was there
why cant someone be liked for who they are and not their body? I don't get it!
big hitter plush today.... Nice hit
nothing. Waiting for Alex's Ustream to start. What up with you?
All I wanted to do was sit, watch a movie, eat soup. But no!
enjoy the show.
I hope this week goes by fast.
I saw that. Im just ignoring it. He's a troll who wants attention. Don't let him bother you. :-)
Yes, daughter. I saw you sneaking your DS into bed. However, I also know all the chargers are down here, and it's dead.
i got hoes anndd ? but i keep my legs closedd but i believe keepin yo mouth & leg close is the only way too make yo money ! Bitxc bye!
Night everyone! Weeks almost done(:
I'm kind of the tweet mistress for the group. Saw your tweet and thought I'd listen.
Never too late at night to jam out!
Requests are in for that! Hope you are doing GREAT!
Central Park sitting at 75 as of 3 PM. Teterboro and Newark both at 79. Very close to the record of 80 degrees at EWR airport!
Wait. Did just say that better treatment of concussions is being "proactive"? I do not think it means what you think it means.
Senator Coburn is going really hard on Sotomayor. He seems angry...
Centrum Gala Dinner and Auction will take place Saturday Oct 16- at Fort Worden Commons. Contact- . www.centrum.org
Haven't yet heard anybody talk about the network needed to support TV distribution, particularly as we're moving toward unicast delivery.
cum shot no face? I'm disappointed in you right now lol
yeah definitely ;);) hahahah NO
this is actually the first movie i have ever seen in 3D I am in the theater tripping lol
This is where I belong
M cheese curds!
Any way to get on RT : Russell Martin fakes getting hit for a base - learning something from the captain I see.
Yes! We love and too! They play 2 nights in SF, maybe you'll win a pair of tiks & catch a set... ;-)
Thank you for the mention!
who is u never mentioned her before. Lmao.
Tell me about it. And I live in Brooklyn. Takes me at least 2x as long to get anywhere.
#Badgers now taken in each of first four rds. of #NFLDraft. , LSU only schools with players taken in each of first three rds.
This guy at the grocery store just shouted " Smile! Smile!" at me. :/
If you bought those Skechers shoes to shape up your behind..you could be in for a refund. Go to the Skechers website to find out how.
#EightysWorld2. new video coming soon
I can't wait either!!! We might have extra bedroom!!
Why don't I have service in my own damn apartment?
Goodnight Dallas!!
I really like the hmo, Kaiser. Every time I've had a ppo things get too complicated, expensive and annoying. :)
I just watched nbc's new show, Kings, on hulu? New best show on tv. If they cancel it I will do them a terrorism.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
yesterday i was filming a movies now im back in my production office today
Today, Brad Pitt's movie "Moneyball" is out on DVD. Have you seen it? Record a review with QWiPS' iPhone App and share it with your friends!
thanks, i know, i'm awesome, i get it alot
Too funny. Saw a woman this morning w/a pair of peach color denim & chambray shirt. Looked great, but she was also size 0.
In 1967 (age 8, grade 3) I was chased thru PS 206, Queens, #NYC by a nurse because I wore slacks to school. I hid in a stairwell!
Believe me, i told her that i was talking to you and she's been smiling ever since :)
Everyone who wants to judge me u should just shut up
its about time! Btw, looking for comics season 1 of Walking Dead and I can't find volume 1 anywhere!
hope u can join us at
Yo, tweet overload today! A little bored on your morning off? lol. Do you ever get those spam tweets right after your tweets?
I bet would make a really good cody simpson love story XD
30 more minutes. Hopefully they go quick and I don't have to do shit.
Looking at me now, I can see my past, Damn, I look just like my fucking Dad
It’s important to honor another’s individual process, but it can be very powerful for others to witness your own unfolding.
Yes sir! FOCUS ON IT!
those are AMAZING coats
Haha. I have to find it. It's like he's stuck in the 80s and 90s. Smh.
Guys always wonder what girls are thinking... then we realize they are wondering the same thing hehe;) this could be fun:)
Feet up watching safe house
Print a Valentine on the library's Albion Press TODAY at 2pm in Book Arts & Special Collections (6th floor)! Limited to the 1st 100 people!
Can I deduct the amount I spend on my hair appointment from my taxable income? #taxbreak my hair stylist is making
Kindle book sales outsold paper copies last Christmas for the first time.
Whew, what a weekend! Beach, shopping, music, fashion, farmers market, surf, relax.
Screw the 10 facts I'll just do a "My Story" Video...
poster #1 (and 'art innovation bv' booth) interesting: hyperspectral imaging for works on paper as part of documentation
that never happens, Pam.
I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice #Happy Easter
I love painting my nails in the morning and watching
Thanks for the luv! Happy #FF!
Adele tour rider: "North American beer is NOT acceptable." , , : battle stations!
Lady Elaine Fairchild is the poster child for stage 3 rosacea.
don't mind if I do lol oh you wasn't talking about me
Check out our new Poll. What are your kids favorite brand of pajamas?
…<U+2727> Got a Client to Train at The gym at 4 today <U+2727>…
photo shoot today with
I think we're on the same page here.
bernier with brown as part of a package for Nash?
Keeping my fingers crossed and saying my prayers!! God is good, GOD IS GREAT! <3
Thinking about creating my own blog to just write what's in my heart and what God is showing me. :-)
Im not as cool with niggas , as i once was .
I feels xD
You can get as close as a conservator, but can you smell it?
haha you can do that while i do something productive
I like my drop shadows on the bottom left. It's always 4pm in my world.
He got secret gay lover :) RT RT Obama leading "war on traditional marriage" #RushLimbaugh who is on his 4th marriage
This is what I do. I take a picture with instagram and add the effects, whatever. Then I screen shot it to upload it later LOL.
New Adventures in Wholesome ghd Ageing - « Your Online ...
Hi Zaud, have you checked out the iPad app yet? Updated version coming soon.
thank you!! I needed that “ hold ya smile! Miami”
Choosing to ignore, i dont hit clark street wo the dream of TL. Wheres at? Maybe we should just patio marg..
really!? Oh I got lots to tell you in lunch tomorrow!
- this was in a box. I took it out to throw away because I have these albums digitally now. And it's still sitting here. :^/
Greek yogurt is a great breakfast item. Lots of protein and it's filling!
cards/cats fans are crazy. My boy is flying 4129 miles from Bethel, AK to watch this game
If you don't have no shape at all .. I mean at all wear a fucking poncho !!
I have a Halloween article for immediate release about a raffle to benefit BDAR. Wondering how I can send it along to you?
nm, he's here, just not voiced.
I miss you making me happy, cuz I am not happy right now.
Many times RT mediacommons… MT How many .. have participated in open peer review?
I'm going!
Need a new brain. This one's faulty.
Sotomayor cartoon: "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
Ohmigod. Bruce Villanche needs to stop punching up these speeches.
Wade with the epic fail
eh you just played into his hand, you should hire an editor or something
But wiping away a few thousand bucks on credit cards can add 100 points to your credit score
“If content is king, then conversion is queen.” – John Munsell, CEO of Bizzuka. Why yes, yes she is.
lol, thought about buying a micropiece cuz i like to support women plyrs-- saving $$ for barrage of imitation posts :/
Going to mommy's birthday dinner. :)
love you too(:
Thanks Brady!
Anyone know of articles or videos out there that give UX/design advice directly to the client layer of decisionmakers and not to designers?
Is it bad that the DVD player just turned itself off when I never actually turned it on?
Much love to all the Vancouver niggas out there fuckin shit up. Hold it down my niggas
Great ending to the Harry Potter series. Sorry to see it end
Thanks for the RT of our post on Nosal!
Im up early for no goddamn reason cause muthafuckas wanna come in my room and be loud <U+E059>
I Love being at Home in the ATX..... Lond day saturday. I'm dj-ing at the heatwave during the day n Geisha room at night. Lets do this...
My 1st ever attempt at sweet potato casserole <U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> let it be delicious!
follow me on Instagram ---> antonysoto I'll follow you back
Fun watching superbowl coverage. I'm homesick for Indy.
Just go through little spells where I withdraw a bit. Not as bad as I used to.
This weekend could make a big impression on the AL East
ok I thought you were done after vacuuming, I now feel wholly unproductive
longer than i would have liked.
New songs in the works...
Country musicians use concert to help Ky storm victims
I'll be very glad when the Search API is just part of the REST API and no one has to worry about differences again
just sayin hello, as a new follower! tryin to follow more of the namesake! keep up that great work!
When you say it like that, I don't know if I wanna try it. O___O #Yikes! lol.
i still ship cailey
If you stick with the people you always hang with then there will be no misunderstanding.
Hope you are enjoying your Friday!!!!
oh john, always so logical. cc:
dats cause you roll deep bro bro #imblackout lol
you know what I really want right now?
Tomorrow. Two very different shows! He Is We at Rocketown and Adelitas Way at Exit/in! Pick your poison.
around noon - my husband will be in to pick it up! Thanks so much!
In a good mood:)
RT : RT : New Google Maps project "Street Roo" - 1,000 kangaroos will capture 98% of the Australian outback in ...
you something else you need a hug... Lol
i want to know which county is not represented at UNC...any ideas?
Finally finished all the tons and tons of homework my teachers so graciously gave me
I wish lebron would start attacking, they'll foul and possible and one EVERY time
Just saw the Cat Dance on #sharktank. You should expand and have draw for your company. Sales would grow exponentially.
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day everyone.
New journalists have the hardest times with potawatomi, oneida, Wausau, Menomonee...ETC. We should start quizzing ppl b4 they hit air.
Talking about wedding planning with a friend makes me want to elope. And I'm not even engaged yet!!
Overheard from two tables over: "Boom goes the dynamite!!!"
all "PAKALITES" & music lovers follow for a hott blend of r&b, hiphop, Gospel, and more #www.intrigueurecords.com (r/t)
#alliwantis A more visual search engine...google is just boring! Http://tomorrowbook.com
Looking forward to sharing some great music new from eqlrecords.com Check out our website let me know what you think...
hello: would I know by now if i'd won those new delillo paperbacks you were giving away?
meh to each.
Gunna see Drake in like 4 hours! ;D
you are welcome. Your thoughts about #SoMe made me think about how we can truly use this information to move #meded and careers!
Sounds like really cool courses, I'm in the distance learning track :)
Some people call it "Money & Patience"... but it is really "balls & brains".
wow dude thanks for the invite
Everybody make sure to send some followers this way
seeing it live in person. And the crazy conservatives.
Listening to news about #Haiti on made me #thankful for the clean water coming out of my faucet today.
Birthday Girl (:
Just joined my second ALA committee.
That dude is now my hero.
Hilton Baltimore Room 751 - Before During and After Party. Just knock.
People wonder what Jack Bauer would have thought of the Bin Laden raid. I bet his brother Eddie would have liked the beige desert fatigues.
silly girl..thinks she's the only one at a kitchen table
New blog update tomorrow!
Please follow me and i promise i will follow you back :] <3
Mitt's offspring (corporate types) each their children.
haha go for it mama
glad that my tweets can get you off.
How does everyone feel about thrice taking a break from music?
I'm following now, awesome resource.
I would expect a very strong sentiment for Jon Lucroy to be an all-star starting soon. Quickly becoming a huge fan favorite for the
hell ya man congratts with Gresham... I'm from Okc!! Enjoy single coverage this year!
shut up with these inspirational things puss
numbers:i like 33 question:do u have a question? lastname:mine is diaz
Contemplating putting together a Welsh, Scottish or German Heritage Tour. What's your vote? Or should I do them all?
FRIDAY - ONE DAY SALE on Wild-Caught Alaskan Salmon for $7.99/lb. Try this great sustainable product at an amazing price!
your daughters/son are wonderful your an amazing mom keep up the good work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
:) subway buddies <3
Good win for IHD! Had 19 and is keeping his 1 dunk per game going <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Big Year for you bro! Mad love and respect I'm hoping the beat for you bruh !
no negros tonight?
Trying to figure out what I want to do for our 18th wedding anniversary this year. I'm thinking Jamaica or Cozumel or Cayman Islands!
National Bieber Day! Happy Birthday ! I Love You! <3
could be glass cleaner pica. dump a bottle of Windex on his head. he drinks it...medical. if he starts dirty dancing...oops.
Starting to think Ford'll be trouble later in life to pay us back for these heavenly first months. Babies aren't supposed to be this easy...
In need of a nap
1st time on twitter today thanks 2 commitment 2 single-tasking. Good or bad thing? Not sure, but I do feel like I've gotten more done 2day.
Just watched Avatar for the first time. I fell asleep like 42 times... Not a fan. Judge me
yeah its a great love drama if u in to dat
My new years resolution will have something to do with never having to untangle Christmas lights again. It will begin with a prelit tree.
hehe I'm joking
yeah, a Starbucks coffee can cost $48.00 a gallon!
I love Jason Aldean!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I can't wait for to start touring. I need to get out of this town for awhile.
... given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
Never hate people wha are jealous of you but respect their jealousy they're there people who think you're better than them
could you follow me back??
Yay! I'm so excited too!
Cash rules everything around me..
Thanks 4 the get in pass @ Chris Spencer Birthday, MAN WHAT A NIGHT! U DA MAN DOGG!!
RT : Aye......I got this drank in my cup
Joe Brennan is still looking for his first completed pass. Not getting much help from WRs, though.
Im a New Artist Follow me
thanks for checking in.
Saying encouraging things to MS Word helps. And, when the machines take over, you could have a built-in friend. ;D
i'm mad bro
the Edmonds family has this Xmas trivia game we play and they always ask questions about the Norwegian Xmas for some reason...
OH, I MISS Diet Coke! My acupuncturist told me I should stop. No alcohol, no caffeine....not pretty (!)
Hey Northwestern! We want 2 pair up with U for a fundraising opp w/ Chevy this smstr. DM us back for deets!
ice skating, time to look like an idiot with my friends! :D
Mother's Day is this weekend.... stop in to pick up the gift of relaxation.... relax mom.
Sure. Get ready, I will destroy you.
We can help you begin the process of recovering physically and financially from your injury or the loss of a loved one in a fatal accident.
big ups nw following.:-)
Attending and learning at TEDxEast- amazing speakers and artists on education,space explorations,process of creating and much more
I think I know where ur talking about, now u have me wanting bbq lol
This is the best fanbase ever! Well actually the #BVBArmy is...sorry #Wellers! :P
follow me(:
Spinning a private event tonight.
What kind of truck? We have a lot. As long as you don't have a big rig, you'll be good to go.
live from on in advance of tomorrow's debate in "Old Main." Nice to see my college campus on TV.
Thanks Tommy, I got another but I appreciate yours too!
i think the bright light was a joke or a car bomb or something like that or ufo
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered. -George Best
Common sense: If a creepy dude is stalking u don't hide or run away. U GET in their face and say stop stalking me bitch
This wind is horrible. I'm so uncomfortable. #turkeyfry. Chairs are blowing! Beer almost blew over!
I hope you made the right choice and picked me over #itsybitsyteenyweeny don't get sucked into his superbowl crap
I guess you didn't resize. That site is totes responsive. Heh. WP being busted. Whatev's.
Thanks Love[: <3
RT : Did you know... The Blackstone Hotel will be featured on Monday's season premiere episode of The Rachael Ray Show?
thanks, Drew! It's on the calendar. See you there?
I think radios all over DSM were all turned up at the same time with live KISS ON KGGO!
On the phone with foreign investor this morning.
thanks for the love :-)
Beautiful, bittersweet day in the office today. Free lunch in SAP's beautiful atrium cafeteria, and many many goodbyes ...
dang i just finished my outline. i'm pretty much gonna fail. i keep putting it off.
#cosign “: It may be too soon, but I am definitely casting my vote for to be the new mayor!”
Who wants to go to Miami Beach with me tomorrow to look for Miley Cyrus??
#FF #shoutout cause Des Des is just awesome
thanks for the shout outs, but I have a sneaky suspicion you meant
Had a fun audition today with Angela Mickey, some cute kids, a lion and Chase Bank!
Matthew 6:33-34 NIV. 'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
But dear god
Heal up quick!!
I got an hour and a half at the high... What shall I do ...?
nice follow up chief. I look forward to future blog skits.
i <3 the new website. way 2 go on all your hard work - it shows!!
its just not traditional
LA, CA- need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 160 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
god morning
Remember your roots
Wow, four John Clay runs | Gets the Badgers a first down | By seven inches! |
Loyalty royalty
if you wear the right hat, you can fool anyone
droppin that solo album tomorrow. Yeah buddy.
im fallowing sweety
Maybe it could get sponsored and she could make some money too! Kardashian style!
It's something else.
"I'm doing good but I'm trying to be great"
K. So we made it through Glacier a few days ago but had some substantial technical difficulties. 85 hilly mi. to lasagna. Tomorrow, Idaho.
If I start eating the crayon, I'll know I have a problem.
wow! Lucky!
Do not ask me when will it be out, because I honestly don't know. I will try get an interview to talk more about that, loves. Xx <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Time goes much slower when you have to pee in the car
that be yall u be just waking up
Plus (though he's out with an injury) Linebrink is never the solution to any problem.
You know where we are! Just call or text and let me know when!
! Way to be! Send your address to .
What do you and your #MINI have in store for the weekend?
I'm gonna blow up babes phone.
I'd pay good money to watch Herzog stab Pine in the neck repeatedly:D
I mean from Tuesday cbusr event!
Why Was It Sad?
Who is dressed up and ready to see tonight? Doors open in 15 mins!
Um, whoa.
tell Jordan to borrow it from his ape of a brother
"Dignity is the opposite of real time." -- Jaron Lanier #sxswi (via )
I can't help myself notice you, noticing me ;}
indeed, I gots you!! It's a must
I've had a million interviews, but this by far has me the most nervous and anxious.
what's up
waiting for you to connect with me! LOL
god bless me 4 know that day so I can start my ladatalla
I loathe everything about this episode, save for the thought of Heinz baked beans.
Hail to the might NSU Spartans for beating the 5th rank team in the country Missouri!
I question why he picked me some times becuz now it feels like our relationship isn't a relationship no more
Even so......WOW.....puts even the best stuff here on my digital to shame!! How are you doing????
Yes. TH (5/31) = pre-conference workshops + opening social/networking event in the evening.
i did txt you but i stop because you didnt txt me bck
Unfortunately, employment discrim based on sex orientation is still legal. LGBTIQ are not a "protected class" under the law
yea whatever, u don't love us lol
no problem you were good for your first time
what's up?
In regards to JSonline popup, GREINKE LOOKS GOOD IN A BREWERS UNIFORM. #Brewers #isitopeningdayyet?
The one thing I truly want I can't have. Would love to fall into a coma for the next half decade
<U+266C> Thanks so very much for your time, patience and being so personable, you are providing a brilliant service <U+266C>
Good for you Lex! Just wanted you to know we are keeping your family in our prayers. How's your dad doing?
Gianna watching Beaker sing Joyful Joyful on UTube. That was her father & I's Church wedding song. We went trumpet - not Muppet.
ah yeah lol
I use them for diff things. This acct originally was for promoting my shirt store. I have my "professional" acct & few humor accts
Middle finger to the law. Merry Christmas
Awake for 24 hours now. May have nodded off for a half hour on the second flight, but that's it. So short I won't count it.
I tried but I couldn't catch her.
Make the money! Don't let the money make you! xoxo's
I feel sick. Ugh i hate the heat.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I will for sure! ;) RT : I never went to birthing classes with mine, you will hve to let me knw wht u thnk!
That sounds rather fulfilling, actually. Like Bohemian Arsonist! :)
Yes, The arts are one thing that can keep people's morale up when government and the economy are trying to crush it.
I got a gadget. ;-) It's the only thing I have going for my motivation these days. That and a drive to keep up with my 5yo son.
. was great at today's UW Women's Leadership talk I made new connections too. Umph!
I saw your neighbor is a prostitute. Lol is that a disclosure item
yeah im about that.
MONEY MONEY MONEY I WANT A WHOLE LOT OF DAT!
lol I have no friends 5th period! When are you coming back?
omg i totally agree! :)
do u ever visit houston?
which part(s) are you going to? I went to spain a couple years ago and it was awesome haha
-- the coolness / of the bottom of her kimono / in the bamboo grove #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Anatolia Energy announces Dadas Shale core results and updated corporate presentation
terrified. why whyy do creepy things happen to me wherever i go?
Much love for the shoutout! Hey, friends...#follow 'em. Good peeps right here.....
Nothing would make it definitive for many true believers.
#bay Wood Wizard, the Bay Area?s Leading Wood Restoration Specialist, Announces Engagement After Returning From Africa on an ?Africa Li...
You bet, bud. What email address you want me to use?
WASHINGTON (AP) — Employers added more than 200,000 jobs in April for the third straight month, the biggest hiring spree in five years.
Mind in one place, heart in another but the grind is still there.
Congratulations! You just won a free Viru....I mean IPAD 2!!
Merry Christmas!! <3
put her in the chamber all against her wilt chamberlain.
<3 you Jen! And ps Bianca wins her title back because she is making me homemade cookies. She's so domestic:)
Hey gurrrl! Can u help me get some followers? It will be greatly appreciated!
Just watched a replay of Lesnar vs Cena. Absolutely awesome!
Off to filming... I love being an actor
In mood for Eggplant tonight. Made the Family a Greek feast: Moussaka, Greek Salad, baba Ganoush, Sautéed Eggplant & Zucchini. Yum!
“: Let make it happen.” OK let me know what's next.
That's Gilbert Gottfried, not Gilbert Godfrey (no relation to Arthur). ;-)
- we hear you loud and clear, Rodnell!
My baby did his thing too...drunk ass...i love you phil¡!!!
Our private banquet room holds up to 100 people! Book a party in the month of July or August and get $50 off the hall rental!!! Sweet deal!
I included a link on LinkedIn called Google Me using Key Words in Google Search showing my Internet self. Control what they see!
. or anyone know why the IMDB page on lists him as the 18th president? Is that in the book?
Did u guys enjoy #RAWTonight ?
Wish I were in Seattle, but I'm really enjoying following #MLA12 online.
I want nothing to do with "buttchugging"
hey how are you.
#FF some people I support and greatly admire:
I don't play $2-4 limit #poker to win. I play to throw back a few drinks and screw with people.
Shame on my library system for not supporting nursing mothers who return to work.
Apparently Lego ran out of Legos.
What is the Matrix of God?
yosoyellz lmfao, STOP PLAYIN' I got me a virgin mobile buy one get one free plan lmfaoooo .
Is #leadership development important to your org?...then ask yourself how effective you are at doing it...what is the delta?
I'll get you a napkin too. (:
: NOBODY is better then Tupac . Not even Lil Wayne . And Wayne is better then Biggie.-- woah timeout that's an insult to life
RIP Dick Clark
Thank you to all of our new followers! <U+200F>
you look great, #JarettFox!
I think that you guys should have a girl on your team and I think I could defiantly help you guys on your investigations :)
Hello there. Many thanks for your follows:
REGGAE MASSIVE!!! This Sat. 6-10pm..."R.U. IRIE" radio show features KING ORTHODOX Sound!!! TUNES!!! CHUNES! DUB PLATES from back back!
Both the #kiddori iOS version and Windows Phone version will be see an update in the coming days. Don't forget to download.
I LOVE YOU <33 I HOPE YOU SEE THIS YOUR AMAZING !
i neva shoulda told her my skype... now she has another way to purposely annoy me. -____-
Perhaps they're confusing the message with the medium?
thanks, just read it, excellent!
Discovery's last mission before retirement! RT Shuttle Discovery lifted off at 4:53pmET from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in FL
I love sundays a day to relax wit the fam
They Can Buy 300 Dollar Jeans U Can't They RICH U AIN'T So Keep Yo Li Money
My teeth hurt :O :'(
watching . The Zookeeper with my family :)
yeah, but I don't like the majority of the bands in it
Thanks For Following (:
420 is not a police code for smoking.. Its funny you called people stupid directly following a flat out misconception :)
hey scooter u always say never say never so i know its probibly a ways off but nexttime justin does a us tour plz Wpb fl?
Wait, why do people think Caleb Shomo actually has a good voice? He's fucking terrible, people...
Doors are now open!! Get down to Brooklyn bowl!
Obviously it isn't new info but seeing/hearing about what it was like as she went through her treatment is powerful.
Cause I thought you were coming down to my place with the boys.
thanks for the encouragement, Wendy! Good luck with your writing too!
It hurts my heart to see homeless people on street corners. I always do give em change. Have no money to give this poor man.
Dear humidity, you can go now. Love, Pathieu's hair.
Today had been awesome! Pinch from The Damned has been here tracking drums all day! The new CD is going to be amazing! So excited!
If reaches 600 followers I'll give pics of Austin!!
RT : Lotta bow ties and big hats at Johnnie- Navy croquet.
Vice Presidential candidates
First injury at Disney Animal Kingdom after 3 day safety record. They actually make you pay for a bandage. Definitely not a magical day!
Awesome! Thanks.
Sharla Passariello with her second goal of the match!! Come on you Bulls!
My arcadian clock is off and I can't sleep.....
we can't win wit D wade only havin 5 pts. smh
Help me. via
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, you are my hero! Your kindness, gentleness, patience, and provision for my happiness calls for my praise.
Ladies! Stop posting "no makeup" pics in FB- it gets no "likes" for a reason.....
No cup of froyo is complete without a #cherryontop!
this summers gonna be amazing
In a world of uncertainty, a premium is placed upon the certain... even if it's pseudo-certainty.
Roy sends it to OT with 3 pointer...Blazers win in OT
Havent thought bout it.
I wish my packing was as easy as Professor Lupin's.... Hm let me try my Fleur Delacour wand --------------- Ah damn, Im not a wizard Harry
It's about time to start choosing sides. Some people gunna be surprised.
I wish that there were more apps available for the Kindle.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer was executed by the Nazis 67 years ago today. Hat tip to , whose biography of Bonhoeffer is a must-read.
Favre testimony? Don't expect Clemens or Sosa. BLF=Billy Jeff Clinton. Smooth as Jim Beam!
Tom Murphy, ULI breakfast, Building on Innovation: 'RTP has the second best brand name in the nation, next to Silicon Valley.'
he's gotten cockier over the years
We have been baby-ing my back all day. The discomfort tires me out. Off to read in the bed, on my side, until it lulls me to sleep.
Other Reasons You Might Sell Your Home It’s hard to believe it, but most homeowners are not alone in their feelings of worry, fear, etc.
In good ole #Milwaukee and all I want to do is sleep.
is a funny dude. Do the dew dude.
Almost at 5,000th tweet, better think of a good one.
nicest ever best in real life too : )
Rangers goal to tie in last 2 seconds denied by penalty. I love live hockey.
On the hunt for Jeff Gorvette. In real life the beasties call him Crash Gordon.
Green Street Hooligans! Totally badass.
No, Shannon, actually I was able to discern between yours & Wes's statements. Now, I'm asking you both to elaborate.
USC head coach Lane Kiffin played quarterback at Fresno State, where his position coach was current Cal head coach Jeff Tedford
Really? I should just do it? Did you go to Midtown for comics today?
LATIN BILLBOARDS.<U+2764> these performances are always so amazing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
4 DAYS! Are YOU ready for the zombie apocalypse?
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: “kinda heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbah riff&quot;
Stacks on Deck hahaha
Need of Additional Facilities to Boost Fertilizer Industries
hope you have a good time in ft lau maybe I'll see you while you are here
Most certainly!
Thank you for the #FF!
Brake drums, ftw!
Oh haha well my phone was broken all day! Resend it!
S/O to my bro on this Welcome To The D.O.P.E. GAME mixtape SHIT BANGS
RT if you are a Sagittarius
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. – JimRohn
On my way to see Seth Godin. Very excited.
how is 1/3 of Tres Pistoles feelin this morning? The moonshine was a bit too much Im sure.
Last time I checked had cleaned off the #seafoam on Fox5
Things his fantasy owners ask themselves every day. RT : What happened to Eric Hosmer?
hey , is just as pretty as some of those ladies yer giving free tix to. We'll leave before you wake up even.
I Wanna Dog.. A Pit
he's a weird dude and definitely not "the Yankee way" but if he pitches effectively I'll live with it. Lol
Everyone in Walmart today is under 18 and wearing pajamas. And screaming.
we gonna walk round and stuff.. and im tryna you noe wat
That game is during the week so I stream it at work. We can make a tiny bet on it.
When someone looks at a new love, the neural circuits that are usually associated with social judgment are suppressed
I like Dale. I hope I don't have to hate him being a cub. But maybe they need a little more Brewer.. Cubs fan will hate that!
what do you think about the UP becoming the 51st state?
why cant guys be satisfied with being with one person
it was on there around 10:45 maybe pacific time! Search HD.net to find all the times. "Music Discovery"
hey bro!! Yea you... You missed pork chops and mac-n-cheese!! What a lame person!
going to try to finish my announcements tomorrow
- You meant "Ladies and Gays" right. I remember it well Soul Train circa 1976 - Donna Summer(s) - Love to Love You Baby
Luv (feeling her new look) BUT DAMN! Rooting 4 Rafe&Carrie, Ali&EJ, Nicole&Brady! No worries Austin. I'll take you!
I feel like I'm about to just fall asleep right now
I know):
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
U.S. Economy Lost 263,000 Jobs in September; Jobless Rate Rises to 9.8%. From the NY Times on Oct 2, 2009.
you can chill with Dave(;
Congrats! Good luck :) Looking forward to seeing it.
why you giving me a whale face.
lmaooooo yea u have no clue how many times i tweeted him OMG lmao
Thank you so kindly! ": #NowPlaying "Always On My Mind" One of the best CDs we've ever gotten at WRLC. #legit"
Wowsers Milwaukee. It’s October!
I'd like to start some sort of art digital pub group/listserv/hashtag to get us all together, but could use help. Interested?
ya'll are so awesome for following us! thank you!!!!
#ihatemyself its like food controls me wtf
maybe I can get help to get my employee acct ... Fraud with boa, and cant open anything in system
2 hours & 15 minutes until the
Glad to be a part of it!
WILSON HOT TAMALES$$$$ facebook.com/wilsonhotamales 216~249~2659 CATERING FULL MENU
Advice on how to help someone who desperately need to lose 100 lbs? The Type of person that thinks a leisurely walk is a workout
Love it....keep it going!!! I'm passing it along!!
Home is where your toothbrush is.
I love that movie.
I am just so tired off people#bitch get a life
Waiting for the boss is better than the boss waiting for you.
I'll tweet you champ :D
I really don't want to take my tai chi exam tomorrow.
thats impressive that you tweeted so much while you were dying
Saying Obama is too liberal is like saying Taco Bell sauce is too spicy. It's only true if you have no threshold for anything spicy.
Hahaha I'm funny. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Celebrating Loie Fuller's 150th Anniversary - Choreographer Jody Sperling explains Fuller's multidimensional legacy to
Scoop of the day! FREE cone day ! The Rock Center & Macy's locations are participating and serving free flavors from 12-8PM
Love is simply a choice away.
So glad they have "Marley and Me - The Puppy Years" available on DVD at the checkout. Only $6.99. What a steal!
Think your show is a awesome hit with everyone, your ratings will Plummet Downward 1000,000% if Casey Movie is made, you think?
I now know how Insanity got it's name.
washing my orange and black clothes and putting on my cardinal clothes
i love what you're busy with! :)
we cant great a break wtf!!!!
I'll keep you posted big man!
We enjoyed our stay at #StRegis last night! Gorgeous views...and a lovely walk down to Salt Creek Beach this morning.
I'm done making fun of Gingrich. I just told my 4 yr old son Sammy we were gonna colonize the moon and he though it was an awesome idea.
Sadly, not this year. I will miss it, but I've been traveling lots lately, so the downtime is appreciated. have fun!
Putting in for some breakout sessions in 2012 beginning of Jan and Feb.
Sounds awesome! You know I'm at now so I'm up your way quite a bit too.
Richard Buckner at Schuba's on the 29th! So sad I'm going to be outta town. Secretly record the show for me.
I have had to leave my family home. The Union Army is advancing and my husband fears for my safety.
and a Monday night game against Philly?
#OWIF: The car is here; bye, Maurice! Bye, Randyl! Smell ya later, Fishmonger!
Excited to be at opening day of SHRM's conference in Las Vegas today! If you will be there...ping me!
Das dat shit RT : nothing in this world by avant &amp; keke wyatt will be played at my wedding ( whenever i get married ) lol
Drinking something & acting like your drunk >
just give them a elbow to the face lmao
Looks like I have something to look forward to tomorrow after class. Gonna beat your times again Coulter!
How old were you when you first jumped on a trampoline?
Hmm. I think we shall film this weekend. Yes.
Hey, New Mexico businesses! Let's pull our great state out of this economic nosedive! Shop smart, buy smart, sell smart!
Tucson hostage situation continues as traffic backs up. Reported accident at Park & 6th making matters worse.
#fact ive been in a abussive relationship.
He didn't look me in the eye, but he did shake my hand and say "Thank You". I love that kid! He read to page 8 of the chapter book!
Would enjoy working in that environment after worrying about layoffs for the last 15 yrs.
#bizforum. I gotta jet. Wish I could come to this chat more often. Its fun :)
Are you serious! My text was saved in my drafts for an hour and a half! Oops! Lol
Brian Anderson calls Mat Gamel's start at third "significant." You could say that.
just finished a skype call w/ one of my best friends, Jessica. She's in Italy until June as a foreign exchange student. i miss her!
26th and 6th...come into #TheLabNYC if you can fit me in!
New Years workout resolution already starting to take a plunge? 2 tips: visualize success & make a schedule.
Random question: Team Old Spice Guy or Team Fabio?
Today, you guys, is #TNW2012 day. Send some love in Amsterdam! :D
Power and luxury
miness going great!! :)
RT : Children in adult prisons are 8 times more likely to commit suicide. #JLWOP is cruel!
Judge to weigh bankruptcy petition for Pa. capital
thank you :)
Congrats on your new pup! Thanks for adopting!
Leaders don't make anything great. Leadership is a shared responsibility. You need others, and they need you. You're all in this together.
In Arizona. I hear "Illegal Immigrant Says What?" is now police policy.
will it happen to support drm protected content?
i have an upgrade but i still need to pay 200 dollars and an extra 100 dollars for 2 year insurance
I guess I could, but they already have so much food here...I'd feel gluttonous
Like the start except for missing 6 straight wide open shots
Panthers wtf seriously...
Come out & support tonight at 7pm vs. LSU in Hofheinz Pavilion! Game will be aired live on CBS College Sports Network! #UH MBB
You did that while driving?
will do, thx for following!
Save $$$ by lowering the temp on your water heater to 120 degrees. It prevents scalding & provides comfortable hot water for everyday use.
"...If the world is my oyster; lookout mother nature cause you're about to get eaten out!"
Hey! Everythings good! How about you? RT : hey what's up? How's everything
i love you this bigg(: <33
New Wordpress Coupon Generator to create and manage Stunning UNLIMITED
RT : #TasteofHillcrest is coming up! Buy your tickets
Dancing is the body made poetic
- Was that a book on Bigfoot?
: My biz better half, Charles Nix is running Boston 'thon on Monday. Sending out the good vibes and mental Advil!
ahaha that would of been super random if we ran into eachother. Nova was out there too!
#Bring1DtoHawaii !!!! Think of the pictures .... SHIRTLESS ! <3
It's cold out and snowing. I thought winter was over.
Great time with today! Learning so much about 3D modeling & simulation. Data is much more appealing in 3D than in Excel!
better b wit me this summer
#BCeagles need a proverbial white knight to come in and save it from an otherwise impending decade of doom.
Wow, for the first time since '77 there was no fiction winner for the Pulitzer Prize. They couldn't agree on a winner!
La Dispute and Crowbar tomorrow. How does one pick just one show to see?!
Anyone know how to check for a coordinate "near" MKPolyLine along its length :)
Tempted to move to California just so I'd have a greater chance of meeting
it's 45 degrees there....i'd have my shirt off...it's like 20 here rite now
#IHaventLetGo #WithoutAFightYet, and i don't plan to. i've put so much into this.. i can put more into it. no matter, how long ive to wait.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!! Have fun and be safe out there!
Congratulations to the 2010 Safeway Classic Champion Ai Miyazato!
: When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. rt .
So, Twitterpeeps. Any thoughts/advice on scoring a #library #PR job via social media? I'm about to graduate w/ my #MLIS & am on the market!
hey stranger!
I had the opportunity to meet #First Lady Obama on 4/17 at an event here in Nashville, TN. She is so down to earth and personable
have a blast! God luck
When I use the phrase "That's the plan" it's partly b/c of love of improv, and partly because I don't want to die a liar
Judkins Carpet & Floorcovering Co. "Small enough to know you, large enough to serve you"
At a friend's film screening... can't wait to see it!
#Mediacom is looking for a call recording?! That's desperate - they will never get business from me ever again
Been there, done that.
Liz Burton from Zumaya Publications & various fantasy worlds, who finally managed to make it to
As a mentor once told me: Where ever you are, be there....
how was everyone's day today?(:
Loving this! Haha.
Opened my first jar of strawberry rhubarb yesterday. Needless to say, it's almost empty! M!
whenever I go to the ATM it just spits out a piece of paper that says "NO!"
When asked by MLSs for compensation, you (Zillow) said "we don't make any money". #1 site because they gave you the listings
because we are the bosses and we control the zipper <3 haha
Calling all families for an interactive drawing & collage workshop using materials representative of America’s history. Sat 11-1
I can't believe nobody is throwing a coachella live stream party in LA...I got the beers come on over!
loll rude
had a party at my house
Good point! MT : Are you considering mobile w/your email marketing? Over 40% of people open emails on mobile
Just lined up a new graphic designer for the logo and site design for our first social gaming property. Finally.
Having to except things that are not in your belief is the hardest struggle....
Just heard one of my cats puking in the living room. Awesome.
Yes it was great, , but let's not talk about more parties now. I'm bushed. And I want that massage. #dinnerparty Cabbie!
I just saw all the tweets,we all can see you want Dahvie to pay attention to u,since he didn't u decided to invent rumors.
Presentation went well. Got positive feedback& helpful critique &my advisor from my master's & my fellow Huskies came thru!
also he's 7
I want to join a pub soccer team
Excited to attend #fMC today. Thinking we'll hear new stuff on timeliness and add formats, but I'm sure other surprises. Should be fun.
Hello everyone
SHUT UP h o e .
Simone, one of our guinea pigs, will be entering the local vet's Halloween costume contest. She's an adorable witch. So much fun!
Last night at USM :(
D:< I was just kidding... Fuuuuuuuu
Pilates exercise will improve your posture greatly where you will be able to stand up straight & show more gracefulness in your movements!
Yeah, I probably spoke to soon. I love Calling Baton Rouge from that album.
The teaser for a film I'm in will be out on Monday and they start filming something the intro for one of my screenplays in 3wks...
There are other refractometer calculators on the web but that one was buggy and caused more problems than it solved. Sorry
What is the point of a doctors app of u have to sit here for an hour
:-D We're so excited! Can't wait for you to see it. :-D
I need words of encouragement that will follow me -_-
will never understand this traffic on I24! Crawling all the way from la vergne, and no accident in sight! It's just a little rain, people!
So I had someone order a latte, but wanted the espresso and milk to be kept separate. 1st time I've had that happen.
Do you have any strange #snacking habits? For me, its frozen corn kernels...
RT : Sources tell woman was screaming: "Where is Kenyon?" to bench before running on floor”
Someone close to me said that life changed them into being who they are now. As much as I don't like that, my view of life and people sucks.
How are you!!! Doing Today?
probably Android, then Windows, then RIM
Happy Birthday Twin! Today I share my birthday with my lovely twin-sister!
what's up love
Thursday is pretty full. Would Friday work? If not I can shuffle some things around.
"I don't give head"
If you ever decide to even show up to another, come talk to us and we'll hook you with some gear or something man
So now the infamous question, Where is the Post Osama parties at?
Want to do something remarkable? Use fear as your compass. If an act requires #courage, there's likely very little competition.
Y did my Jitney driver txt me n say.. hey stranger.. like nigga Idk u don't txt me ur a "Jitney driver" not my friend.
The weather is not cooperating with my shopping plans... Looks like my typical Christmas Eve freak out is on schedule
okay SORRY!(x
Several Cincinnati Reds players spotted walking around Farragut North / Dupont
ironic… I had to come to Phoenix to try a Pyramid beer
. Lies. I said no such thing.
As Tebow's spirituals advisor, I suggested he play in new york so as to impact the maximum amount of sinners.
yes!! It was great finally seeing you too! We'll have to hang out sometime soon!
Grabbing a quick bite then off to play some basketball for awhile. Its too nice out not to be outside.
This mocha is MAKING MY DAY!
Not sure you got my email, so a hearty Congratulations on the promotion. "Mile"-Highly deserved! J-) Merry Christmas.
Stay tuned, honorary Jedis! We're recording all month, will have a cd for you soon!
I know someone's going to yell at me for saying this, but if they can't find a way to win this one it might be time to start selling.
Im glad I dont have to go to the dentist til june
Listening to Dong Bang Shiki .... I miss them :c.
do you wear glasses or contacts for distance? we are doing a new clinical research trial! call us at 1800 NEW VISION for a free evaluation!
you ready bday man let the festivities begin!
for you to argue in basketball people must understand the #Game not by what is seen on tv
well at least I'm not afraid I might need to go to the ER because of my neck killing me (for doing headstands in my room without warming up)
dood! Me too! My last final is on Friday the 1st but I still have to go for an hour an a half on the 4th (ew). And you?
Seems like great agreement on the value of citing data @ #datacite amoung the choir, what will it take to penetrate into science?
He's annoying. He's the world's biggest asshole. I hate his guts, but I know he's everything that I want
awww i miss you too & chill your titts. I was at my grandmas house with no WIFI.
Tasters made it fun yesterday. Thx to (nice stream of the event), , and champion tweeter
Most important thing accomplished. I have found the liquor store.
I'll admit that I was one of those. Thought that Jones had finally learned how to always play with intensity. Clearly wrong now.
I hope Jessica "Beaver Teeth" Sanchez gets kicked off American Idol tonight she eats dogs! #American Idol
Ive missed BTR a lot, and now they are finally back on Nick BITCHES <3 ;)
Out of all those crazy 80's punk rockers Henry Rollins is the only one who made something of himself. He's damn smart, too.
Clarksville is in my veins
thanks for the medical android tablet guys you sent my way. Sounds like a very cool project.
Working up story on breast feeding moms at Bridgeport village--anyone with issues?
Hehe just had to be honest ^.^
Dammit, looks like it's going to be a "one sentence at a time" kind of day.
Next time you’re stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh. Be strong, love yourself, & love others. Remember, just keep moving forward.
If you don’t run your own life, somebody else will. ~John Atkinson
It's going to be epic! RT : Chili Brew 2 tonight! w/ at Milwaukee Public Market
": have patience :)" I'll try
big shout to mississippi
Our pleasure Naoto, we love your 'Tonguing' painting!
haha idk which one is on bcuz it hasnt updated on my phone and its been a week.! So which one is it and i can tweet you it.!
Understood and appreciated. We're really passionate! :-) However, many of us realize that there are far bigger human concerns
Ask Tone how he described Pryzbilla's "lower body" accident on the court tonight. Hillarious!
Sirius XM subscribers - listen to Peter Jacobsen talk Peter's Party tomorrow at 10:05am ET on the PGA TOUR network's Fairways of Life!
interactive TV/media et Adam Levin following & Katy Perry. Hiring a&R's et record company help wanted models...girls
Another Clintonian - ops! Hillary is looking more like a bag lady every day. State Department quietly warning region on Syrian WMDs
James kiled my ovaries soo bad they repair themself and die again :-)
I cannot posibly eat any more grilled chicken.
#Firefox 6.0.1? This new small but frequent update thing is still a bit weird for me.
“: I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene. #Nuggets #NBAPlayoffs #PassiveAndSoft” lol was just thinking this
Thx for the follow. We hope u dig the tunes & the video. We gotsa find these guys! Best & success.
Watchin shark tales in class
RT ...Taylor Rogers allowed just two runs in seven innings, as #Wildcats took care of #Alabama tonight, 4-2.
Chop Chop Chop the squid <U+266A> RT if u remember that :)
Completed day two of the shoot earlier. Now a chance to relax watching the game, eating a chicken pot pie with a cool Heineken.
Ditto, I shed a tear or two, not gonna lie :'(
Im so sleepy idk y ...ugh
RT visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com for Text Deals on Demand and SIGN-UP to get themon the GO! Like us on Facebook :)
Taking a lemon bath to try and break this fever. This is a mother of a cold
Brainstorming on US launch--tweet your #susty #transport #collcons ideas
FREE SEO for Musicians and Live Music Venues at www.USAMusician.net
I got that mississippi river ass lol.
Her name is Becky. RT : who dat on the pole?
I'm here preparing to meet w my accountant
...to present the Summer Sizzle Series. This summer long event will heat up the city of Palmdale, California on June 18, 2011.
the roosters are crowing and i am not even to bed yet!....
Show tonight in Moorhead, MN w/ and Cities Never Sleep + more!
I & 15,110 other people want Dylan at the next TCA's. <3 xoxo - Justine.
Putting your iPod on shuffle & then skipping through all the songs until you find the one you actually want to listen to.
Good day Twitter
What is the position of each of the candidates on provisions in NDAA that allows 4 Indefinite Detention of American citizens?
cleanign my room . u ?
Lol you guys are funny RT : RT Happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I sure do! What woman doesn't like a little pampering :)
The greatest dreams a person can have in their life are the ones that happen with the eyes wide open. Unknown
Due to unforeseen circumstances I am moving home to my parent's house for a month. I don't hate it.
If I didn't have to work...I'd be all over joining you on a trip up there!
That Bud commercial was actually Georgia on a Sunday 6 weeks ago.
Fancy new Cory The Bike Fixer and Whirlwind shirts & boter wattles are in the shop now! Get yours before they are gone!
Think I'll call my minivan the coin-cab...that thing is nickel and dime-ing me to pieces! lol God, please just keep it running.... :)
Dear Japanese sake, you are amzg!! <U+2665>, me
This creepy dude at the tanning place is creeping me tf out ! :o
" added you to the list /old /ignore"
hey, thanks for DJ'ing our Birthday Bash !! !
I am so lonley
Arrogance is earned.
then they realize my ass is crazy .
NICE see you there hopefully!
Day 5 in Oakland! I may have been wrong about the youngest cast member... Will keep you posted.
Colin Farrell looking better than ever + Kate Beckinsale = amazing. Then I see Jessica Biel and start boycotting.
In Chicago, we dye the river green for St. Patty's day. I wonder if they could do the same thing here with the parts of the Puget Sound.
that'd be nice. we lived near the airport (Lake Nona) and the commute to Disney isn't bad but I'd take 417 which is kinda $$.
aww thank you so much.
Seems logical to send what I'll be using on G+: johnlaudun AT gmail dot you know.
he's a bouncer at dicks
We're headed to Yoakum, TX for a show tonight!! First time there - should be a hoot!!
you guys were great!!
Playing with my new toy downloading as much music as I can, I hope to play some poker in there.
Dr appointment, check; signed & personalized copy of Bitterblue, check; popover pan, check; dog biscuits check; Avengers, right after lunch.
Will let you know. Still waiting for confirmation from the equipment manager.
you were hilarious talking about the lactivists making you latch on in the hospital.
there is now!!!
your welcome!
being #sick sucks! -_- At least I get to hear the rain hit my window pane as well as stay cozy in bed. :)
ur assesments r off. N wat u talking bout its not bought da draft but bout where teams stand now? Nda heading says draft ranking
i did upgrade i definitely think it's worth it. though i'm told spotify is where it's at. haven't tried it yet.
please follow <333
In NYC on vacation....unadultrated fun...yeah!!!!
I have no idea, but I grabbed two Paris Hilton songs off Spotify for the playlist. You're AMAZING for this :P
Thanks for the love GUARDIAN! Let us know if you need live demonstrations of the exercises ;) and tell William and Kate we say hi.
* smiles and waves* *hey buddy*been working so much cant even stand straight but yeah I'm ok how you been?
I want the Vikings to stay, but this process is downright laughable
thanks for checking out my work. Would you be interested in doing an interview for my sports blog sometime?
administrative overhead = death by paper cuts. on another note, t-minus 2 hours before thai food induced diarrhea.
If guys want to know, viewers are laughing AT you not with you
that would be awesome!!!!!
It's the volume that would be challenging. It would be easier if they just made a few extra trips and split it up, ya know?
cow found at rendering plant where cow food made: bad. This is how cows get BSE, cows that go into the food supply!!! Cow-cannibalism=threat
is sleeping over((:
met a guy who was a lighting designer for the Kirov. at a three year old's birthday party. in denton, texas.
I'm going to text all my friends to search you on YouTube ^_^
Another great documentary about a similar topic is "God Grew Tired of Us" about a few of the lost boys who come to US.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> looking pretty
Late Night Happy Hour at 10pm!
When are we having Polarpalooza in #alaska ? Better happen before the caps melt!
I thought it was the guy who spent just under $10,000 of taxpayer dollars on a critically flawed pothole reporting app.
nope... It's not in here either
I'll do them again if you want. :)
Fun to see Melissa McCarthy get all emotional...Oh, and fun to see Katie Holmes in the audience, looking all dead inside.
Divas of Deviance FINALE RIGHT NOW!!!
This nigga slow as shit.... He must have forgot
idk...but I turned in all my paperwork so I get to complain to other doctors outside of the emergency room...lol
great! We need to visit all the Fam back east. Look for us this summer!
Never attended WH Correspondents Dinner, but did meet at a gathering of lobbyists once. Was a tough (boring) crowd, but I loved it.
Another day, another train. This time to Philly for #jboye12 covering the conference & presenting later in the day! See you there?
where are all these places at?? they still open??? haha
goes before the rally will not say if he will give the bottle tax a hearing.
Here's an early #FF for our friends and
appreciate the Government Non-Court Library category
Can I get one more thing to happen to me. Hm let's see. Oh yeah. Credit cards due shit
60 wings to the face!!!
Drinking my calories in Starbucks and Smoothie King. I will still be starving after.
Follow My Nigga Now!
I think I heard about all three from Tom in high school
Did not get the sleep I was looking forward to :( so off to work and hopefully a nap this evening lol.
shit son... You know I is.
It's my day off and I have nothing to do :/... I guess I'm gonna go workout.
When I think "oldschool hiphop," I think of the sound of an actual record, esp. some jazz-funk samples. That homemade sound.
there are so many places to go with this.
okay fair enough
Collectin' This Doe U Know. ;D
The good thing about working at a funeral home is I would be the first to know if zombies are attacking.
im a sexy Paris ;D
hey I'm a momma's boy who can't do anything but grill.
Dear ur commercials r dumb.
Agreed! We do it like this: bit.ly/f0XAZv
OMG!!! omq i would just faint on the spot. Lol
I'm scared.
Fuckin up my Kidneys...
Bulldogs start 2nd OT with an incomplete deep pass and a false start.
It's amazing how a car window rolling up can actually be the highlight of your day
Lebron James is so criticized but he is a great team player.
Just sneezed at my desk and popped the button off my pants. Dern. Honey back. Going there again tonight. No cake for me though. Hahahaha
MIKE wheres the bear i gave u yesterday????
Want to throw an awesome photo project with me? DM me!!!!
Thanks to the fast work from the folks at ! they handle things quickly there for sure!!!
Our workshop at the NCCEP/GEAR UP Annual Conference will be from from 2:00pm-3:15pm on Monday, July 19th.
Does anyone else have problems with #comcast ?
it was perfect!
of course they would...
YAY! Work hard in school and get involved! RT : Had a great time at this college trip, I really hope I get accepted!!!
IDKS THEN. IM GONNA SLEEP THOUGH. NIGHT MRS STYLES LETS HOPE WE'RE IN THE MAGAZINE
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Nick!!! I love You <3 Have An amazing Day#
Okay. I'm done with the chatter. ;p
Fuck Kentucky!!!!!! I just wonder how many more people are gonna ban wagon to Kentucky
Check out M. Henry for yummy breakfast treats, if you get a chance! : ) Enjoy Chi-Town!
Apparently, star fruit is some magical stuff.
Cnt wait till we on breakk.!!! :D
I'm helping #design a #brand #experience for a phenomenon that spun out of great fitting pants.
Haven't even left the gate yet at already is another horrible flying experience.
I personally loved SW3 but at the same time thought it was stupid to put it on Wii. Why was it not universal platform at least?
Jessica's sister?
don't forget to RSVP for our breakfast on Thursday morning. It's going to be a great session! hope to see you all there!
RT lol- I'd say let's get 2gether, but I don't want ur kid 2 bully mine! No chance, he is a mommas boy!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 62F HEAVY RAIN FOG/MIST
My followers won't load! Anyway i am back from DC! Im gonna miss it but it si pretty darn good to be home!
I bet. Looking forward to read it online from the states. Keeping my Dutch updated daily with #Het_Parool news paper.
People who are full of themselves suck.
Great season #Broncos !!! So proud of my team and how far we got. Get ready for more #MileHighMagic next season! Awesome work !!!
I really with I were at Disney World right now.
Dr. Seuss Biopic to Bring Iconic Characters to Life Alongside Theodor Geisel
At iron man ll awesome
#Tigers gonna get swept back to back...
Glad to be a Coast Spa dealer! Thank You for a great meeting!
I love hearing my sistahs t lol. Sex is the topic :o
Dumpster diving in #DelRay with one mans junk is #MtIda treasure!
At the Riverside to watch the Avett Bros. Crazy line getting in!!
Well that's taken care of
Why does UNC use towel Men? In suit and tie? Mopping up sweat on the court
At FKA tonight: a gangly tomboy-girl with a tshirt that says SHOCKER, with appropriate illustration.
I know this actor who isn't on Facebook. What up with that?
heyy there c:
My supernatural seasons have been through hell and back! <<< see what i did there?
: Never mind, it finally came up.
Wow, can't believe he did that for HEB, too. Great dude.
I didn't realize I was less than content with Delicious until checking out Pinboard just now. Tempting...
lol Hell Naw!! I love my Home Town (Chi)!!!where u been
thanks! Love that marilyn quote- so true xxoooooooxoxox
This game is getting ugly! 2 flagrants in one game
At my lil brothers basketball game!!!:)
stressful week ugh -_-
Is playing Kelly Kapowski in Saved By the Bell the Musical! Opens March 6th and runs every Saturday at 10:30pm Come and Seel!!
#Don'tBeScared To Trend #Don'tBeScared To Number 1!
RT KIDS: Don't make me pull this Photo booth over and come back there! #funnythingsparentssaid Summer in OKC!
We don't know what our new College structure will be. But the Learning Sciences & Human Development program will continue in full form.
Thanks god for democracy, but don't ask me to sit through it for very long.
you're beautifull.
: nice list. who made that?
Please don't let us fans down & #rehire him! He's got so much to give to #Days & is still loved!!
Pleasee Follow me (:
Ran into our friend Edward Albee when we were at Masters & Pelavin to see Thomas Lail's show.
you feel me tho , it goes for the ladiess & niggas
My 3 year old just came back from being with her daddy for 3 days
I always take the pepperoni out of my pizza and give it away haha idk why!
I finally get to lay down..
ANDREA ARROYO - "Femenina" - Opening Reception: Friday, March 23, 6-8pm at The City College of NY's Cunard Building. FREE
Haha dude it was good chilling you guys. Can't wait to hang out with you and the other dudes in Divided By Friday again! :)
Merry Christmas!
no problem :D
that's so sad...
Women know exactly what they want until the second they have to choose.
HEY TWITTAH, let my nigga of twitter jail. F the police. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yep bbq smokehouse!!
we al three is ahahhaha . (; & we dont give a fuckkkk!
I think I'm coming out in a 15. c:
Gotta love kindness and compassion!
Opening the blinds and turning off the fan so that I can really hear and see this storm.
Aww! Thank you so much! You're the sweetest ever!!::hugs::
Happy #PennAW and #FF Any other Penn classes on twitter? Follow us and
SMH...ppl pissing me off at work, now off to my second site hopefully things are better over there.
This weekend I thought I had gained weight because my stomach looked larger, but then it was pointed out to me that my boobs are shrinking.
- the argument in support of existence of God is fairly complicated and rooted in nature. This is the point of my statement.
Leaders must desire to surround themselves with people greater than they. UnCommon Leaders don't want "yes" people. Honesty & new thinking!
4 years of Football & 3 years of Track
Truth RT : #FF guitar man because if you don't the aliens will get you!
even the World Series?!? This is the Fall Classic!
Out on the town at Balboa Park's December Nights? Head over to Extraordinary Desserts after the fun and we'll make your night even sweeter!
Bang Bang!
Not only do I have a ton of cymbals up, I did put up ONE cowbell for you. But it's on a foot pedal! It will be in Drumageddon NYC!
Rest in peace to a hip hop legend Adam Yauch aka MCA you will be truly missed
I miss Harlaxton so much.
People don't realize, All the stuff they say about me makes me come home and cry. I can't take it anymore.
How is the neck? hope u have a speedy recovery
I may hve fallen a couple of times..........BUT I'M STILL STANDING!! AMEN!!!!
The son becomes a father, and the father becomes the sun
The thunder is fierce here in Boston... *hides under covers
Tomorrow is the next day of the rest of your life.
Its fine by me, if you never leave<3
"i don't believe anything the government tells me...zero", George Carlin
The amount of closed roads In Indiana is getting absurd
the pool area closes at 10
i came to realize to late how much i like...i hate the fact of how you make me smile,stumble,nervous & even lough at every stupid joke u say
4th quarter = homework timeout = not good for my blood pressure
I blame the new google algorithm, and TMZ
haha no wayy!! and yes they loved it!!! Brent and Cameron freaked.
#Heat has only made 10 of 18 free throws, they should easily be up double digits
Did anybody hear that diss to chris brown.......or was it jus me
Crooklyn In My Pants
not sure people are telling you, but I like you on twitter
Its Tuesday and you know what that means...yup, Cheesy Chicken Enchilada! Get it before its gone :)
I feel like people say more in text than in person. That's a problem, and I wish people would just man up.
Your in my thoughts and prayers
Proud to live in Alameda county, where we do not deny medical care to undocumented people. #lwv health presentation.
so excited to see bruno on xfactorusa :D
bday is coming up...you should do a party so you can get the free gifts :-)
We are following you now! Feel free to DM us anytime!
Today we reflect on the efforts of our service men and women and all they've done to preserve our rights, our freedoms and our way of life.
ITS MOTHERS DAY ALREADY?!?!?! oh..... well happy anniversary AND happy mother's day mom!
We are about to receive 25-30000 LBS of ham from Smithfield, allowing us to serve thousands of PDX families w/ a great protein filled meal!
Nobody told me the internet was tapping my mental stream, when did that start?
You were missed! A full house and I took care of the grilled cheese for all. Congrats to you & !
#cara student Laurie H. secured a position at MacNeal Hospital as a Patient Care Technician! 47 of 310!!
I've got my library card and I'm checkin you out ;)
"It was like 2012!" -my mom, describing our morning commute to the airport.
We have 2 projects: a quirky horror film, and a drama about personal redemption. Which would you pick for our next film?
I R GENIUS
Thank you for the #FF :
That was BS.
.it correct to me hire always can you but !folks ,difference a is there .interchangeably "enable" and "allow" use people many
Be Receptive.
We're going to start a new contest next week called guess Jack's score!
well hi
Sydney Levin: 'Real Housewives of New Jersey': Teresa And Joe Talk It Out: Over at Kathy's, the BBQ is failing as hard as Albie Manzo...
Hey guys, do you love art as much as us? #Follow our friends , a fine #art #gallery at the #Zhou B Art Center in #Chicago!
Korra is getting so good <3
Twist and Shout !!!
Are you beating the heat? Window coverings are essential for energy consumption savings and beating the heat!
My Daughter'z bday was yes. & she hasnt cam by YET 2 c me R get her presntz 1st yr eva I havent seen her on her bday tearz
It's only 8:30 over here. But thanks for the concern :)
when I look at twitter, I sometimes feel like twitter was created for Justin Bieber fans...
yeah I know I looked it up and stuff. I just can't take it seriously. Sorry.
Mellow will do Taco #Pizza right for sure. And , that should be right up you alley, right ?
#ff you are a Prince among Men sir
It's a good show, the writer/dir. is a young, white woman and it stars the children of celebrities.
3 an out. Let's blocked the kick
isn't that always the case??
Writing Session today:))
Thank you. It really was an unappreciated film.
you hit 95 on conrad way to get out of the jam against prado. I think you got yourself a roster spot next year
there is a lot that my LAC can pull off, but that scenario is... iffy ;)
Total votes at 110,237 with leading...from years past it isn't over 'til it's over.
we're open today from 2 till 7 ;)
As per Rick since we'll have lot more single women with no kids, they should voluntarily serve in armed forces (non-combat only)
my favorite funny sign was captured outside of a McDonalds: "This location out of Boy Toys". Darn it, no happy meal for me.
Make sure you follow and/or like them on FB at Sports International Football Camps!
": I've decided that what makes a fan is wanting what is best for the team." fans job is to cheer
way 2 lazy right now 2 scroll back through me tweets 2 find the poll that initially started this convo between me &
Gail Simone retweeted me! It's a good day for a comic book nerd!
Spent the weekend skiing in Vermouth.
Wow, I was pretty sure it was Wednesday.
WOO. You're mean.
were u at pick n save?
you figure it out yet? Im clueless haha
I'm glad there is a card with a pug on it for every occasion
swear your fealty to King James
+ .... Me + hahaha we wish. Omg Emily. Our texting convo. You're hilarious. Lmao bbmc <3
So when's the next ? Think we're due...
The library will be closing in 30 minutes!
#ff get my man to 40 followers.
I'm making my bigger millefiori earrings again. It's the size I nearly always wear & have been getting lots of interest in the larger size.
Hi new followers! , ,
“: I used to think divorce was never an option...” Just preggo momma pimp slap him and get him back in line....
Man my throat killing me..i need some remedy
Did you say 80 years old? I am getting very nervous for us all. It is not safe to go anywhere today.
work!>:0. Dan bed sleep. Night buddy
Follow back please!
just realized you'll be presenting @ the sf meetup. If you have time lets catch up. I work @ 1st floor of same bldg
Can’t attend Connecting the Dots - Nevada’s Fourth Family Engagement Summit ? You can watch a live stream of the keynote, lunch time...
Great interview with at with love ya'll
I usually estimate between 90 and 100 per mile for me. This makes me sad.
Best Small Library in America mentioned and Project Compass #libs4jobs Excellent session and conference!
Mechanized mind becomes associated with "Oriental" lax-ness, esp. vis-a-vis automaton chess player figured as the Turk.
hopefully you'll have an off day when we play Herr again!
Preach it!
Saruh is going to bed already :(
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THNKS
Can we give the Captains Armband to Troy Perkins already?
thanks for the free 1st class upgrade yesterday. I'm glad you have the status match from other airlines FF programs.
Steve Jobs - Rest in Peace.
Thedoor was thick, solid oak slabs
I hope you will be playing Be Real tonight?!? Love that song!
A .tel page is a great solution for some small businesses... It's cheaper & easier to create than a true mobile site.
get the corner ?
not true. The practice is solo but how does the world ousude of u know u learned. Maybe your work sucks but u think its great
I want to follow ke Oh. ....... wait he already is.
Oh, and that hole in the jet bridge? Yeah, it's leaking a constant stream of water into the boarding door. That seems safe.
Such a fun night! I love Miami <3
'ain't gonna lie: your surprise is probably drugs...'
aww you should have asked me before i feell asleep aha ): but next time i am down and i can help with gas!!
Childish in the new RG3 commercial >>>>
my dad keeps using the term "little tike".
I just watch basketball. Now Packer football. I will kill for lol.
Free Pool today. It's a great day to be outside! Come see us!
My favorite teenage karate champion Ralph Macchio turned 50 today. Very sneaky Macchio, very sneaky...
New lyrics posted - "Polarized" - link on Facebook.
This mall is a living nightmare.
Yeah suspended ls but my shit gucci. How many dui or dwi I got. None. Why you suck off ya whip to go out?
mr.mara how many licks does it take to get to ur WHOA WHOA HEY HEY....is that a baconhawk? ;D
Looking forward to it! See you at tonight's launch - we're on the edge of our seats!
it takes some pretty small balls and a lowlife to pull a good for you
I let go
hey no arguments here.
Thanks will be there!
I need my issue
Oh, you're so cute.
It doesn't matter how many hours of sleep you get; if you have to wake up before 9, you will still be a zombie.
maybe he's gonna foot the bill...
People who make every day special
This'll be good just to beat Pitino.
Stephen A Smith is like a comic that doesnt follow the light and goes on a 7 minute butt-hurt rant.
The moment when i see your face &i cant breathe xx
I did see the score. Still time though, and they are getting ball. Just need a TD and onside kick. ;)
You know lying is a bad thing :P
Had to backtrack from studying biology to look at Chemistry. That is where it all begins (logically not chronologically). State of theory
WOOHOOO! Go Thunders! :D Damn, I love an intense basketball game!
You always come through. Adore you and that fab Greek chick too. :-)
stupid school!
Just hold on loosely, but don't let go. If you cling too tightly you're gonna lose control. Bart's Lyrics for Leadership 501.
i can actually watch tv on my blackberry
Lmao is this about the troll?
I would have said Vicente Fox.
Today in Literary History: On March 3, 1926 American poet James Merrill was born in New York City.
I think the biz center is near the entrance to the conference center.
You can vote early for DNC delegates at DCDSC HQ on 17th and L NW on Thursday.
Last I knew, we ain't even like that. I refuse to let all the arguments go.. just like that, like nothing ever happened or was said.
“: Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.”LMMFAO
August 14, 1993 - "Reggie Jackson Day" at Yankee Stadium. Reggie's uniform number (44) is retired.
No school tomorrow
let's hope he don't teach her too much
Thx RT : Just got in the tail end of #blendchat Think my friend is spearheading it. Perhaps she will share
as 4 yo bdya just let me know date & we can plan from there. List times vary every night lol
thanks so much man, definitely will do!
have a great day!
you can at our next show! Where do u live??
Could a writer use a fair as opportunity to deeply look at and critique new artwork w/o mentioning dealer, booth, price, etc? (cc )
Goodbye Wisteria Lane .... My TV life just ended.
Holy shit! That Altos video is phenomenal!
Day 9 of this head ache. Doctor on Wednesday hopefully they won't blow me off like the last one.
You're awesome. Continue with your day. And let the flow, well, flow.
Just sent you a dm...
what u unfollowed me?
RT : We just registered for the March 28th & Social Media Trends Webinar Check it out!
One argument for this is online job applications. The longer ones might take me 30 minutes to complete if I have all of my info with me...
Coffee & Chat with Signs Editors at NWSA on Sat, Nov. 12 at 1:30pm (Collage Restaurant)
I'd submit to a Voight-Kampff test, but I'm, uhm, busy.
“: take your anger out on Andrew Bynum”. HAHA!
Bulls are looking sorry...
"I know the plans that I have for you,declares ,the Lord,plans to prosper you,not to harm ,plans to give you hope and a future." Jer.29:11
Brandon is looking at me like im crazy because im dancing and singing too N'Syncs "just got paid". This is when i need
Music? Yes please :)
just built mine ! Go check it out!!! topnotchescorts.net
Same thing, ain't it?...
“: Glitter isn't allowed at my apt. I hate that crap. Sorry.” Shouldn't be a problem unless you're dating strippers.
omg hey guys :-) I've been great you?
always thought the same thing RT : Why do people cry on the last day of school. I mean I get seniors but the underclass men?
New Barclay's Center is 15mins from my apartment
I'm watching your video right now.
Everyone needs a vice :)
You can read my white paper here... THEYDONTHAVEACLUE(dot)COM
Watching "The Hurt Locker"...another film that makes me want to GLASS the Middle East!
Oh I don't know why you are having trouble :-/
If you want to talk to me, talk to me, if you have something to say, say it! why is that so hard?
Jacko and Whitney had secret affair - former bodyguard
Coconino county ,, nothing but pure desert
Believing in that bullshit ... " if u love someone let them go if they come back it was meant to be " if u loved the person y u wnna leave!
#recycled plastic bottles... Into bikinis?! Check them out! Teeki.com <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Wow ft.lauderdal stop honking
": Quality will bring the money.".. not always true.... Listen to what's out now on the radio.. LOL
yummy shiner bock! Prost!
I can't imagine how pissed Joe Paterno was that he had to receive news of his ouster from Sarah, the town's lone switchboard operator.
is single & ready to jingle in new yorrk cittaay<3
you have madison and i'll chris and madison called me a good dancer at the show
I hope you are better RT
def did not need that 2nd one! Sorry if ur ears hurt today ;)
I need to hurry up && fall back asleep!
people need to stop blaming Lebron for everything smh
I'd support that. In a heartbeat. The commissioner needs to suffer as much as the fans, media, players, arena workers...
Thaime for Thai.
four hour work week starts next week?
also bro. Just got hired at extreme tan. Get on my level.
Oh where.. is my bodyguard?!?!? haha
Anthony Bourdain wants to come to Philly! Think would be a good story for him to tell? RT if you agree!
Oh boy I love getting ignored and lied to....this day is Gunna be great
It takes 60 seconds! Every signature makes a difference!
I love ur imagines
Bowl Picks posted from 131 cappers today with 10 consensus and some very one sided like the Rose at Wisc 45 Oregon 9 ... See ya @ the window
I saw your performance in youtube video. Good Job Bruno and the Hooligans!!! RT
Follow back? :)
Seriously! So tense and so wrong that we have to wait until April for more.
All major deities (and even all minor deities) hate the #Yankees. Repent and cheer for a small-market team (#Brewers maybe?) while you can.
I suppose I shouldn't e suprised that not many people have used the #MAA hashtag yet, or is there another one that's usually used?
ur welcome did u get more followers or noo..?
Just saw a snooki look a like at the club?? Ehhh nasty
Question for u? How come the person in the group with the sweatiest hand wants to shake urs
Nigga i fucks wit you, MUSICAL GOD
Thanks. We still have a ton of work to do but are so excited to invite everyone to the winery.
ok so for when should I buy this plane ticket to come pester you ? :)
No matter how many times I switch to a software-based email reader, I always eventually come back to the Gmail web interface.
hi. i love you. kbye.
It's raining Hard outside!!! :(
Lil wayne she feelin me use to be my song
Never knew how to change up.
Follow and
A great day playing soccer & sharing life w/at risk kids in a regional town.
No matter what anyone says, we need Bosh.
is sending out the latest investor update...
To go tanning or to not go tanning..hm
seth this is an ab conversation c your way out before d jumps over e and fs you up
Its like the 3rd time.. #YOL9X <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> RT : I guess I died? Huh
Just attended Dennis Crowley ( The creator of Foursquare). He was awesome!
what happened to Rick Ross?
Double hands up!
Good morning! Today's the day you turn it up a notch. Happy Thursday :).
#LastTimeIChecked I meant everything to you . Time to check again .
Gone, running from police and parents. :/
Get back in the gym.
Hendricks winning the first 2 rounds.....
Jan. 1.... Newtown Square every day.
Some little kid just called my phone for my brother & Wouldn't tell me who he was -.- ...
I ready #occupywallstreet and I'm moving up in the mailroom. Brining my cousins in from Mexico
Beginning to plan an eventful summer...
Looking forward to seeing lots of lovely ladies this evening during Kiss of Indulgence!
#"Corporations aren't people!" I hear ya, O
I love you. Happy Birthday Janet.
Okay, whatever I'll just use my old shoes.
Got free beats for you IMA BEAST WIT IT for the love of Philly i dig what u do keep it up......
not sure what you mean...
Good Morning God is good! Thank you for A new day..spread the love today!!
This is why I went from Republican, to an Independent... these Republicans aren't even applauding during State of the Union? Temper Tantrum?
I'm going to try! Need to start putting together that application...
A perfect blend of story, setting, costume, character, language and literature.
Which means there might actually be an Alchemy post again at some point. Stay tuned.
and branding campaigns? My two favorite things!
love when people meet me and tell me after an hour i should have my own #realityshow because my life is that unreal
#cruise out tmrw on itunes! So excited for If you don't know them, you should! Super excited for show Thurs too!
Whoa! is playing in books a million!
Just taped Graziella TV holiday episode- coming soon!! It was so much fun!! :D
Driving back to LA to start packing!!! Dreading it but I can't wait to be living back in SF!!!
About to see Dark Shadows!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND WE LUV U
"If you love me, fry my eggs!" --Christopher to Ade
Dont expect you to need me, Just dont forget me.
That's a wrap for tonight.. time for bed. 6am is going to be here soon..
don't listen to , I don't start drama, she is a drama queen, I'm sure you know this
Had a really great jumping lesson last night on my favorite Tiskit with my trainer Melissa at !!
What about healing (re trauma)? RT : Assuming that fat people need to be fixed is stigmatizing.
Wow! That's kinda great!
One tip is to anticipate any impact on donor relations. Ours were all good: spread PR for us by getting friends to vote [+]
OH OH OH!!! *yo voice* RT I can't wait til moves back!!! Man we gonna shake the city!!
New shoes always feel funny...
#2011in3words Swag Me Out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
uHAPS Madison is HIRING Team Members immediately! Starting at $12.50 per hour; you get paid to have fun! Email
happy birthday, jeff beck!
Jeremy nailed it.
I heard that.
lol ... I don't have an excuse.. Because no excuse is good enough we are better than that lol ... :-)
spurs vs pacers final... Watch
so yummy!
I got this gay ass introduction Tom, for this 10 week anger management course. Once I finish, my case will get dropped!
Im tryna be filthy rich before I hit 24
Hello GM! It's time to bake
get ready to be bombarded… :) ideas: #AAD12. #musictherapy. ur favorite gin. announce that BFF will perform @ austin city limits.
Feds doing the same thing to farmers that stock co-ops. Even the Amish. At this point theyre pathetic beaurocrats with guns.
I agree. Coping with an addiction is a complex challenge that he may never overcome.
Sickass workout today up in the Pit. Join us from now until the end of November for 1 hour PT sessions at $20.00 per session. No contract
A Stimulus Smackage, this Saturday at the dome! RocStars vs. (Buffalo). Go get your tickets! rocderby.com!
Be nice to people on your way up, because you may meet them on your way down..
Just watch out for my chair, cause that sumbitch will kill ya if ya lean back wrong.
You know you are a Social Media Expert when you don't know when your Twitter account(s) hit the mayor milestones 250 500 1k 2,5k & more...
yes and the pattern is done in a flattering way.
Hi I want your job. K thanks. xoxo -
haha you are welcome! I know how important that is ;)
Just realized Austin follows this account <3 #ThankYouAustin :D
well certainly not at my house XD
I expect to see you racing on the streets of Long Beach!
do u run now
these cramps are going to be the death of me D:<
follow back? :)
saying that is opening pandora's box to al this awkward/weirdness. You know not what you request!! ;D
Guess the hubby and I will be having a talk. Hm...
Amazing show last night boys and gals of cornwall! Great night for a great cause! Check out our FB tour dates to catch a show near you!
2ND PIC FOR #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - THE CHARGERS - OVER -- TALENT AND SCHEDULE MAKE THEM MOST SUCCESSFUL TEAM IN AFC WITH 12/13 WINS
You too Melanie! Drive safely and see you in DC.
Ok i admit, i only just finally listened to 's new EP, Fire. Um yea, i'm now the proud owner of the complete EP download
LOVED IT - thank you all again!!!
Atlanta Falcons first round draft pick linebacker Sean Weatherspoon has agreed to a 5-year deal. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The Beggining of A Beautiful Acquaintanceship
Yay-Friday. Crisis Hopkins show 2nite. Looks like it'll be a nice-ish weekend. Gotta enjoy. & celebrate my awesome Mom ~Mother's Day Sunday!
Lebron "King Decoy" James
Last night's opener Fair Game was riveting material. I hope it gets widely seen. Remember how there were no WMDs?
headin home after a long day of cuttin @ the chandler shop.
Time for a cookout !!
so glad to be home!
Don't start a land war in China. Don't compete with Meryl Streep for Best Actress.
lmao , not even xP
. The internet has not increased the number of strong ties in real life.
Having a glass of 10 SBarb Chard - what is the oak program here?
if only 10 child actor became awesome adults, what adj describes what became of the rest?
Ruben, thanks for connecting! How are you? Matthew
i am sorry tht totally suckss
The truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
Off to Boston tomorrow to show #The Fellows Hip to good people of , makers of #LOTRO. Should be fun. Things are happening.
don't say "donut" around Brodeur.
Hello. :D
11 year old kids today have Facebook, twitter, phones, iPod. When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk and imagination.
I hate when people say they grown but beefin over twitter and facebook. Sit yo "grown" ass down!
even if its based on a true story?
Great running into you and yesterday! Hope you guys are having fun in SD!
Just like airline prices I'm betting this paves the way for other carriers.
ppl we hangout w need a safety manual on what to do and what not to do, also a warning label
Game Changers: inspiring ordinary kids to overcome odds w/ loyalty, friendship and teamwork
I refuse to get close to anyone ever again!
Why hasn't thrown her cheeseburger on the Presidential menu? What is SarahPAC? Save money now and spend in June?
Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire? This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di
Watching romeo and juliet with my mom and grandma ok ok.
TNT's go fishing picture of the am Knicks will include a fire extinguisher right?
Wow. Venus and Jupiter are amazing - again.
I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But we're perfect together. And that's all that matters.
RT Ugh! My laptop died even though it said it still had like 40% battery left! I've missed so much of this show!!!
Was pleased to be with the Chas West Lions Club last nite which meets at Harding's at Mink Shoals Exit 1, I-79
Can't believe that shit happened!?
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Making the trek back to denver from ohio. Good company from , ezra the dog, and sirius xmu.
The #Brewers know that Parra is a disaster, correct?
Amen! >> MT : Author says "I don't need an editor" Really? A great author knows to get good editorial input & direction.
I prefer old school. Can't touch this...
Come 2:10-2:15 a.m. tho...I predict an increase of booty calls when the club closes. Thats how we celebrate- AYE!
So did you decide about the cat gift?
Jenna and i might too:D<3
RT : How can you change the face of tech entrepreneurship? March 24, 2012 join us for the Inclusive Innovation conference details soon!
twitter peeps saying you're going to the league bro
thanks Aaron for running! Congrats !
Right there with you, Ma'am. Greg is very blessed to have you in his life. He knows this of course but I just had to acknowledge
Pretty sure Mas Malo was the best food I've had in a while
CRAZY!! Loved it can't wait for next season
Friday Humor: "Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic." - Dan Rather.
TY! I would love to connect! Let's DM contact info.
Watching True Grit currently. Forgot how much Jeff Bridges is the man.
Agreed!!! I really wish he would stay at least one more year. What do ya say, Gillie? :)
#outback in Pleasant Hill, CA is making really weak drinks right now, it's half packed, bar is empty
Crawling up the stairs cause your legs are too sore to walk. Yup, that's me!
So thankful for what I have...
Lol, im bored ;p
dont worry about it worry focus on your day :) be happy is what i'm telling you :)
you're so helpful. thank you so much. (:
OMG. those are some awesome photos of him.
The “secret spot” may not last much longer. In fact, the tools of communication today threaten to destroy the category of the “secret.”
It's to early for black woman to be preeching about the bible
Onto some #Baseball #WinterMeetings start December 5th, again if you have a question on #FantasyFootball will be answering up til 1:00PM EST
There are little specks of something floating in my Gatorade. Let's guess what they are.
Kicking off #AtmosphereOnTour Seattle.
I don't have to see it to believe it.
speaking to couple more award winning artists about distribution for em
I could be wrong but I think all discussion related to the task would be kept in the app itself.
Had lots of fun at the Dark Harbor on the Queen Mary!! They scare good gotta keep your <U+E419> open if not damn...
"Consumers don't want to go from app to app" - Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV & Digital, Disney ABC
You are most welcome. What a powerful read! Very tough to read as parent, but very well done.
Defense needs to step up! Let's go Bulls!!!
Hooked on the
great story..u had that chikk nervous; eyes twitching, hair tossin, and jittery all around
thanks Mel!!
RT : can we start a movement to make #vegetablefriedrice a permanent addition to the menu?
cool! Let us know what time and we will be happy to get it set up!
Thank You. The book is available on Amazon, if you read the book let me know what you think. Have a great day.
Interview mistakes come from inexperience or desperation. Respond with short and smart answers. Do company research, be confident & positive
We are so excited to have providing hootch for the Hootenanny! Things are gonna get rowdy.
it's football day!
Monday morning is coming on quick. Weekends are just to short.
As spoken by true lovers of food! RT : Rice is born in water and must die in wine. Italian Proverb
is digging live Coachella on youtube
He has risen! He has risen! HAPPY EASTER!!! God Bless you all!!
Or a starter with coffee and any excuses in between! ha ha
clutter is never good. esp on an iphone. just weeded all apps i don't use on a daily basis. hella spartan
Oh my! That beats our shrimp and pasta! I'll be right over.
You're rich!
best chapstick ever. Target or ulta but ulta has better flava options.
What a fun improv workshop with kids this morning!
teacher: why didn't u do the homework me: because i hate u
i see you did a skit with Kevin Hart on his neww movie. I recognize that ass anywhere.
Finished mowing the lawn just as it started to rain. I count that as a win.
we got a boy and a girl <3
Yes, Lake Mary actually. Just North of Orlando. Very interesting gig. We will talk. Skype sometime?
I really like Strop! Met him last season during fan appreciation days and he was super cool. When he pitches like this, it's also super cool
hola (: I was wondering if you could maybe give my a shout out ? I'd really appreciate it (:
Preciate it bro!! RT : I'm most proud of you bro. I remember when you first got your computer and midi board...
Attention hipsters! Stop trimming your mustaches! Let it grow wild on your face like a forest of intrigue!
Just heard from Says he'll make an announcement on Monday in Milwaukee at 10:30 AM at #ShermanPark. Lt. Gov? We'll see.
WTR Tv Ch 197 time warner 5pm right now
Happiness is an attitude. You either make yourselve miserable, or happy and strong.
#BFC2012 : The #hacker movement is about taking apart & then putting together in a better way.
awww so cute
I get it I know but your going to need the midlevel guys to surround studs you draft those are the ones that might come here
I'm sure he'll talk about it on HIS show...oh wait, never mind. I forgot he doesn't have one.
wat up berg???
King vs. Oshkosh North just started. Lets do this generals.
Great #flamenco show by tonight at Uncorked in #atx! Ole!
Great reception from the county clerks assoc convention in Bowling Green. Am especially pleased by the support of several Republican Clerks.
no MvF.. sad “: Are u saying no more MvF? U still gna compete on a personal level?” Definitely not. Was fun, but I've moved on.”
<U+6770><U+745E><U+7C73> <---- my name in chinese!
I want a rooftop patio garden where I can plant lots of colorful flowers. I wonder if they'd notice if I put one on our condo rooftop...?
You are invited to Therapeutic Aromatherapy Massage with Organica Jane when you visit Canandaigua (NY) in June! XO
If you've got the inclination, I have got the crime.
What a thrill and a delight to work with producer Jonathan Case and his cast and crew on this latest masterpiece "HURT". Great fun guys!
Help us collect more aluminum cans so we can go to Memphis this weekend!
Girl: I like sex Boy: I like pussy Girl: Let's fuck :D hahaha(; lol
Ahaha i was listenin to sing... and my mom was like what do he know about love... nuthin.. thats y he sing popcorn love.. lol
Things aren't really going too well in my personal life right now. Had a potential job offer, but it did not work out.
And then the day came when I started to really like Katy Perry.
"I like wood."
I told you I was!
I must have said that wrong before. I gotta go back to the station to work the Ads game. I won't be at it. :(
up late...jus finished workin out - so tired right now!
#BrianHughes - Just added to our playlist!
wow..yeah that would suck. I thought moving from small town to small town was bad..
Tweet this ebook Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
Ineligable for track until April 18th all because of my chorus grade. FRICKING CHORUS!!!!! So much for lettering my freshman year.
beautiful day for a cross-city bike ride to see and !
Sandwiches and sex! I want that! #newgirl hilarious
you should! :D follow mine? :D
haha - what's going on for ur bday? Lets tear it up then watch football Sunday!
where in tampa??? That sounds great!!!
Just let me eat my dinner!
I'm glad added the LCD screen. One last monitor I have to carry around for reference checking.
Rahm: Suggests taking away COLAs b/c can't afford increases for current employees, they've been taking furloughs or pay freezes.
We elected to govern the country. Get busy.
that's awesome, thanks!
Days when nothing fits right <<<<<<
3 Areas your life fits inside:(but can be a combination of all three depending on your values and needs): Illusion/Contradiction/Compromise
NEW SONG
thanks Miss, I thru in a follow 4 u 2!
Great day indeed! WC Get some rest! Hope u feel better
your site is horribly broken in android. Links go to odd places and your forms take me to ford mustangs not fiat.
follow me? :)
Anyone got an iPhone 4 s for sale or trade for an ipad 2?
El Pastor Newark Presents "Fado Dos Namorados" with David Couto. Friday and Saturday for the next two weeks.
3/7/12 To do List- Purchase order from Fredrick's of Hollywood ..(check) …Delivery for FL-20… (check)...
It will be a very cold start to the day today with sunrise temperatures in the teens. We are LUCKY. It's Nov. 17 and it's just getting cold.
Megan get MOTIVATED!
I am! I love this Showw<3
Notice: Microsoft plans to support Windows XP until 2014. Is this the time to upgrade to Windows 7 or to move to an Apple Macintosh?
Thanks 4 following , for fitness using their bike to control the TV. PTPA winner and GREAT GIFT with 20% discount coupon "PTPA"
How old is Peter Lake? I feel like they would need someone a little bit younger.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> 8
I'm trying to get a bottle for tonight and lakers game
my mom said she would come get it sometime this week
ozzy is a waste of your air time. Lets get to the sport talk in english.
Remember nothing will change until you do. Embrace change and it will give your more opportunities.
Keep the drinks off the Turntables...Respect.
Having a great time at #naturallpretty event!! So much beauty in one spot!!
Make it rain bitch
would you wanna meet at bamboozle so I can give you the card Connor made?
Feelings change.
I meant video your neighbors in the car....
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
It's going to take a lot of food to convince me to sleep with you.
Females That Are Drama Queens & Hype Monsters (Meaning They Hype Everything) < <
MILWAUKEE!! Big cuts from Frontier Airlines coming to Mitchell Intl. Airport.
awww...i just met a Grinnell student from the Winston-Salem area. makes me happy.
Balfour getting life. His lawyer is appealing.
Just saw an entire family of four riding unicycles down the sidewalk. There are times when I love Berkeley...
a four-hand xylophone?
"He does PR things" is exactly how I describe his job to other people.
Not gonna bother lying - I won't miss Boston at all in these next two weeks.
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today with Alan Jackson!
me too so I ate a boiled egg and drank a cup of water lol
Checking your calendar? You should be penciling us in. Our monthly #FUNraiser #HappyHour is on March 30th at Town Tavern!...
I hate that if we talk I'm the one who has to start the conversation.
Warped tour needs to hurry the fuck up.
About to hit the sheets follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back gn ;)
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Saturn would FLOAT if you could find an ocean big enough!
I can't make it (homework) but if you can GO SEE TuNe-YaRds @ First Ave tonight
don't git where you sleep
Nickelback, "Far Away"...always makes me smile!
Im so bored
oh oka well thank you and your welcome
1778 Evelina (1st ed. T. Lowndes) featuring a handwritten 19-c account of its 18-c critical reception on its endsheets. <3 rare books
1st time ever in10 yrs driving in NYC & I get the sexist knucklehead! Babe one more time & I was pulling the pepper spray!!
yah, I was there! Afternoon smoothie break!
Does anyone like Nunie?
Someday you may be one of the great beards of history! Just stay focused and it will grow.
what ever happened to the homie rodric from the dice
Just saw the best presentation I've seen in weeks from the founder of
Peter Falk did for the trench coat what #JLo did for Versace's infamous dress. RIP
Lawlz please continue to tweet exactly what I just did. Tweeters probs already forgot about my tweet...or
How important it is to live intentionally. How easily we can be blinded and lose sight of everything. To seek God, that is life...
Trans-Siberian Orchestra comes to town tomorrow for a two show engagement at the TD Garden. Plectrum will be there for all the action!
What's Romney's plan for economy? Outsource more jobs like he did with Bain Capitol? Don't buy that he's ahead of Obama on economy.
1803 Britain + France at war. Britain blockades France vowing to seize any ship trading with France. American ships violated decree
I had no idea there was an "International talk like a pirate" Day in September. I'm mad I'm just finding this out.
We're shooting for awesomenizzleness! RT : Excited for and the much needed #rethinkfortwayne operation!
Happy birthday!!!
Did you mean the whole agenda or just that last item? Hoang and Sullivan both spoke on Finance....
#HackedbyMamaMahone cant wait to hear austins reaction (;
the red head is going to cost you.... :)
So I bought WEN.. My only question is when is this crap gonna work!??
He doesn't often share his knowledge with the twit world, but I love talkin hoops with my boy
I cannot wait for the debates. POTUS is going to smoke Mittens' plastic ass.
Just watched 2 squad cars weave lane2lane several times on Juan Tabo. Speeding/no blinkers. To pull into Discount Tire and chat.
Thank you so much - hope your dad is better
Pick up your yellow coupon book for the Maui Mall at participating merchants and start saving today!
nig-ray-dough
#LAMHarvard Our collections *are* converged. What's missing is us --we need to bring our wealth of capacity to the common cause. THickerson
Arizona Pain Physician Receives 2011 Compassionate Doctor Award and Patients’ Choice Award
Oh, yum! Let us know how it turns out!
he doesn't work here.
Who me ?
I told you billykidd that Scotty was as good as anything new your playing on the Bee.
Hope so. I take the Princess Bride, several episodes of L&O:CI, and huge ebook collection with me wherever I go!
#iLoveMyMomBecause I can rely on her to be there for me when no one else is.
Thrilled to join for announcement has won bid to build new engineering school on #RooseveltIsland!
- So #FireSpaz is the best coach that #BC has had in the last 15 years - win/loss ratio - no Bowl - reduced attendance - brilliant!
why should we trust theo after mess he made in boston? hiring him was panic move by ricketts. snubbing ryno another big mistake!
Look, liberals. No need for gays to marry each other when they're so many opportunities for them to be televangelists.
Happy Birthday
if I never lied then baby you'd be the truth
Good Saturday morning to you. Coffee is the second thing I did this morning :-).
Welcome aboard. Go US Marines.
RT 'How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news' (Rom 10:15) <<<nice foot quote!
dude. your time stamp read 12:19.
You really need to think before u talk
i just randomly got "addicted" to twitter
You can't runaway from something if its meant to be.
Less than a week until I turn 40. My 18-year-old self's mind's blown.
Which one is your favorite?
Ok, which cuisine is better, French or Italian? What's their best dish?
On the train back from school n muay Thai, now off to work..
Perhaps just a portrait of Nick on your chest! ": there's so many good ones to choose from, hahaah"
The woman at subway sure knew how to make an awesome sandwich :)
sorry to hear that sir... lets start a mix game of some sort?
Moroney: who, what, when, & where of event reporting are commodities; so publishers can't differentiate & it has little value.
Thanks! I climbed it in under 15 minutes!
nice. yeah, it wasn't either of those.
Glad you're on Twitter; they should be, too! :-)
Palin: ANWR really isn't all that nice, so we may as well drill.
feel like hopping a plane to LA right now. Miss my bestie!
What do you call a sea snail that decommits from Ohio State? Alex Abalone.
For your convenience, an onsite Enterprise Rent-A-Car and representatives from some of the top insurance companies
I'm great, just got tickets to see "The Stuffing." @ Vinyl in Atlanta next week!
Debating breaking my two-month alcohol drought tonight and maybe having a drink or two. Things are getting crazy up in her!
I think our relationship is finally at the point where you should learn about my existence...LLN <3
“: We're announcing the winners for the giveaway today! Look for your name!” // we're excited!
is live at the Rupp Celebration. Follow him for updates and pictures throughout.
That's impressive. I'll have that song in my head all day now.
you can still send a pic if you wanna(:
not in the best mood
It's gonna be a good day, eh team? We've got this.
we finally are in dc. Our flight got cancelled in swiss so we had to stay the night. Terrible.
Thank YOU for all your hard work! We have some of your piggy and bunny food in our truck right now to be handed out.
Fair enough. introduced me what I need. 50 comments facebook page and I think its what others want too!
love the hair! nice pic.
Where are you?
PAN SEARED SCALLOPS: Diver scallops w/ sauteed shitake mushroom in edamame puree, drizzled w/ teriyaki sauce.
;_; i'm crying now xD NOT >:P
Last night in Austin! It's been an adventure. Next time I'm bringing running shoes, a canteen and a fanny pack.
Those little flies r everywhere I go all the time! I swear I shower 2 times a day! What's happening?!?!!!!
Nigga's cant see me like they seeing through a peep hole ;))
MT : anyone out there interested in writing a piece for JiC on the #CharlesTaylor verdict being handed down tomorrow? message me
I missed y'all too but it was wonderful to see so many moms and moms2be make new friends and enjoy a night out!
Bridgette Chambers, #ASUG CEO talks about the emerging technological changes. "The world's info is doubling every 2 years"
Okay, why does anyone care of Sarah Phillips has anything to do with Condescending Wonka?
Still up thinkin bout sum shit
could have gone another day! Nothing important missed.
Nope! We also use HTML5 video.
you are welcome:) thank you for doing what you do , your songs are amazing.
i been 5'10 for like for 3 years already i didnt grow a inch lhh
At the same damn time! At the same damn time! At the same damn time!
“: Facetimee<U+2764>” with me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
“: my heart ... I completely broke” what happened? :(
#Riverside's young professionals network - The Pick Group - continues to build a better community through volunteerism and giving...
ESPN sidebar: "Tiger's to lose, question mark?"
sweet! come to NYC!!! looking forward to the site
so chic :)
Spent the last 30 minutes in a drainage ditch near ORD. phone light almost blew cover. zombies in packs now.
Not a dance kinda guy unless I'm drunk.
Geez I love her RT "If you put peanut butter on dog shit I'd probably eat it."-Morgan
The only major dispute between House GOP and Senate Dem leaders on small biz bill: What to call it — JOBS Act or IPO bill.
Love the freak show
:( next time! Have so much fun!! xx
Crowie's such a beautiful runner...
I think a lot of what people's perception are of the two denominations depends on when & where they grew up.
Ive been told numerous times im a hard person to get to as far showing my feelings or telling folks how I feel... Sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
fuck life. why even bother to try goin on i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black
RT : sitting on a park bench eating hot dogs with sort of.
I thought JuJu brought enough estrogen to the show for everybody?
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
“: News channel 13 is about to do a story on food trucks! Way to go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” #congrats !!!
I think I just had a panic attack!
We will be launching our music on iTunes!
I would...but I live in NY now. :)
You can call me Kudi the kid
Mornings come in 3 sizes: (1) Early (2) Too Early (3) Way Too Early.
Can't wait to watch the buckeyes kick some Hoosier ass
Welcome to reality.
same i just woke up n it's 3:51 a.m. n i can't go back to sleep
one of our favorites as well! Join us for happy hour today an have you a glass!
": That last RT was sad But true" < So sad for you!!
wow stole my hash tag nice one gracz.
Somebody text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I knew pests were a problem for libraries, but why do they all seem to like ME so much?? :(
totally agree on the fit...but think he gets to the Bears at 19...will be a great value there
Don't. let. the bunnies. out.
Let know that you miss the Last Letter Game - maybe they'll revive it!
Im faded faded faded
yeah I know.
Cville Comedy this week- The Southern on Tuesday, The Lunchbox on Friday. 9pm no cover
Joe Hite on the Piano, Angela's behind the bar and we have our new $5 Ladies night menu rockin and rollin! Stop in for a drink tonight!!!
“: New PR on squat snatch at 100#. This after 10 100m sprints. Boom! #crossfit” boom indeed!
seriously I posted the exact same instagram. Reading it now and LOVING it!
I'm my mom's gift. She gets to see something sexy af everyday she wakes up
And...that's how I know I shoulda BEEN drunkenly passed out lol. Thanks, Adam, Brandi, & Bre.
does it tell you what system you are a resident from?
Absolutely smitten. How terrible!
thanks for another great season of bringing #nascar to the masses ... great work by you and the #PRN team!
#Follow for #Follow ShoutOut for ShoutOut If you trynna have a convo wit me tho jus hit me wit a DM, I'm always down to talk
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sun, May 20 12:00p: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
A customer at work today had a Pepsi logo tattoo.
Going to Defy Gravity hopefully we can do back tucks because if not ima be mad
Follow our members! Talk to us!!! (^_^)
Great to hear! Thank you very much! P.S. Space btwn words! : )
God I can't wait till this recall election is over. I'm sick of the stupid ads. I could care less, this state is messed up either way.
I wanna play baseball again...
Shall we open the patio for reservations for mothers day brunch? 20% chance of rain at 3pm?
yea y
Awhile thanks, !
You can only expect to get what you give in return.....Morning tweeters........
I have to say - It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 6
Where is my shirt? ugh lol
I think I'll just marry CJ or Josh <U+E106> future baseball wife
Day 2 of sales kickoff begins . . A bit tough due to drinks on the dinner cruise night.
2007 welcomes you, good sir.
If you said false earlier, correct! Poorly fit contact lenses can damage your cornea. If you wear contacts, have them checked regularly.
SOME people get into your LIFE to make it BETTER..., some people MUST get OUT to make it BETTER.
Whoops! In our excitement, we got ahead of ourselves. Teya Flick is speaking at 2, not 4. Mark it down: you won't want to miss this!
sweet. Have fun!! I'm in Miami!
everyone got confuse u told korn dnt be mad nd i was like ayee i hear dat big daddy d but i still wanna see pics
YOU ARE SO PETTY! Please let her in, she don't need no process!
Had an awesome Monday!! Hope everyone shared a smile with someone today :)
RT : The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with "hunters", it's designed to protect the people FROM the government.>correct!!
- don't give up. And don't settle. It's better to be alone than with someone who abuses you mentally or physically.
follow me follow me
I used to drive my dad's :)
I will be there!
belated thanks! glad you are liking the site. The team is cooking up more stuff
& when you start to think of the best, ijust hope you think of me []
GO CARRIE GO!!!! So proud of you.
ohok I think my ex was there... I was in new Mexico..Vegas... But i been overseas and everything
#nowplaying U Smile bye !
there about 8
Relo to #Richmond May-June. Considering #jobs: #nonprofit, #hospital, #socialmarketing, #pharma, #government, #HIT, #SoMe, #CME,
My heart is HEAVY... Prayers out to #TroyDavis and family. This doesn't feel like justice, feels like it's just us...
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.-- Zig Ziglar
Less than two weeks until #Stagecoach! Can't wait!
Want to have quick meet up while ur in Hermosa re sponsorship? DM or email if interested. Co-owner lives on Strand.
Gulp...signed, Clippers fan since World B. Free in SD RT :
Congrats on launch of fantastic new lists feature, doin' it right yet again.
Games Tonight. Crawfish tomorrow. All you can eat $15.00. Support the the neighborhood.!
dear hottie that just walked in, please be here to get a divorce, upset because your fiance wants a pre-nup, or otherwise available.
lol yeah that's what I did over the winter !!
We hit 1,000. Halfway to corndogs. Fine work people.
here's another one.
what is ur name on facebook ?
What is up with this weather? Happy wednesday!!!
Awkward silence in the house....
This year, for the first time, 30 percent of USians will have had some college. Think about it.
hey Scott,this is Gregory Jimerson,I had your lab class a while back,could u send me your email address?i wanna send songs!
Like it too, but if they both win, who am I supposed to root for in the series.
crazy game !!
National Coming Out Day. Gay Ryan tells us of his experience.
They just want to be seen
XO! RT “: i just sent an email to & gmail asked if i wanted to include too. AW <3 my buds!
Please don't give up twitter for lent!! ;) xoxo
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much. if it feels right, it probably is. so just go with it.
Petite Cafè, its across from the CMP
Whatcha trying to poke lj for?
Just bring yourself if you can. No need to worry about anything else.
thank you for that Phaedra and amen!
With their ticker tape parade this week, the #Mavs will tie the #Heat for total number of #nba #championship celebrations in the past year
Thanks for listing me on your RCASA Daily! <3
I love talking to new people. (:
Diggin them designs!
Over centuries people have worshiped the rising sun. But it has only been the setting Earth that has caused the illusion. Arya-Holmes.
Shout out to my friend Will Evans for his 7th place position after 2 days in the Southern Open - Good job Will !
That's a bit harsh!
THanks for the RT's and tweets regarding Hard Rock Rising. WE MADE IT! See you there!
Biased much?
"i wasnt drunk" "You thought phineas & ferb were back at school
Jeez, Geoff. Okay, fine. I won't go. Can you have MPD temporarily detain crazy people to keep them from interfering with a wedding?
I would pay to see it used on certain politicians. Sadly not so good for spontaneous speech... silencing Gingrich big job.
Uh, it was a joke -- he puts on that Borat voice in all his book trailers... ;P
Yes I have O Canada memorized. #AndRandomlySingIt RT "oh canada..." uh, okay
Thanks for thinking of us! How was it?
* stranger danger ! .
Band outing tonight at the show @ 7th St Entry. Can't wait to see them! Their new album is fantastic.
Everyone today just like comepletely invaded my privacy taking my glasses >.<
Can we go to school shirtless one day? damn
Maddison harrison is trying to scream in a band.................. Hahahahahahaha
Its Thirsty Thursday with $5 Hairy Beavers, $6 Hairy Bears, $3 Domestic Drafts and $5 Long Islands quenching your thirst.
Haha! Oh how pedicures make me laugh :)
Jonathan Spector comes on, my optimism of a win sinks a little....
In bed watching #desperatehousewives. I'm ready for this test tomorrow
The author of one of my favorite childhood books, #WhereTheWildThingsAre , died today )':
I should've charged my phone lastnight.
Fresh back in the Chi from Carbondale had a blast down there
Boy by not with them shoes on
it's pretty long and VERY oddly structured, but the book is a 10. definitely one of my favorites.
. You are too kind. I appreciate the props and will try to keep crankin' out the sports biz news.
its not as bad as you think!!
“: good luck tonight”thanks
Statistically improbable statement: this AM I found myself absentmindedly whistling a Bollywood version of Pretty Woman.
I changed all my passwords to <U+FFFD>incorrect<U+FFFD>. So my computer just tells me when I forget
Repressed feelings cause lead to so much pain later on. Never be afraid to just feel cause it's worse when you hold back.
Just left Sunday Service at Bethany Baptist Church. I love Rev. Howard. He is phenomenal. I'm rejuvenated!!!
I'm Fina cram for this exam after work. and i could use a car wash. maybe just might do that.
Since its saturday lets do it right
If you want to be a part of the #smashbrothers #streetteam / #promoteam the #deadendkids just holla! We give members free tickets to shows!
we were lol
And the #BASHH tonight?
's new song "boyfriend" makes me happy<3 i love him (:
how much u guys paying poker prop players
I sometimes forget. Is the Wu-Tang Clan somethin' to Fuck Wit?
Single Stop loves its partners! Enjoying the : 2012 #Comm_College National Legislative Summit today
Sensitive information, including SSNs, of more than 36,000 University of Tampa students, faculty and staff from 2000-2012 was made public.
cool i will see if i like
"Local Underground Tent Party" starts 2nite! along with local bands
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor & skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness. Please reply(: <U+E328>you
All follow this girll she rocks she follows back if asked and is lovely and is giving shoutouts to the next 100 followers xx<U+2665><U+2665>
not yet bro!
Clifton , NJ! We are performing TONIGHT at Dingbatz!! Doors at 6!
i miss him .
Craving wushi ( sushi). Had some last night and want some more to go with my homemade miso/hot&sour soup.
Seriously? You can't just call it a chicken salad sandwich, it has to be a "free-range chicken salad sandwich"? (Yes, this is me working.)
There are a # of these companies that take this approach to claims. Thank you, the response makes me think of new topics to write about.
Good times with good motherfucking people
did he really drop ur phone
Let me know how the sports biz conference is...I won't be in attendance.
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
“: Special shout-out to , , and my friend <U+263A> Thanks for following!” TY for mention!
#1DWeekMemories Hi. We're. One Direction.Yeah!! Who just read that in their voices!!
is recruiting for a #Records Analyst in Oklahoma City, #OK to work in an energy company. This position offers generous pay and stability! …
is wrapping up and preparing to go to Denver tomorrow
He has the best eye of any player I've ever seen.
A big #followfriday to salute to , ,
I will yell on squaw peak. A lot of nut cases up there.
well, the LSAT was stupid. That's all.
What to do for the summer until I leave for Morehouse in the fall?
Early vibes
you'd be my number 2(:
how so?!
Looking forward to getting to work. See you guys tomorrow.
first and third are legendary. Die Harder is great when yer shitfaced and love laughing at dude from RocketMan. No Harland Williams
is at the ICHC for the Shamrock Club meeting, and Len Graham and Brian Hart.
PG? For once.
I'll send it to you soon. Not quite ready for wide release. :)
Nothing like toppin off a wk of auditions, writing, class & improv to Sadie telling me: "I like your face". Well I love your face Sadie.
Who needs a weather radio when you have a dog that tries to dive under the bed at the 1st sound of rain on the roof?
I've never seen a girl smoking and been like "wow, she's so indifferent about her own mortality. How hot!"
Yet another great practice! The Tigers are looking confident and prepared to win on Saturday! #4DAYS!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN YOU WRAP YOURSELF AND GIVE YOU TO ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY DOES THAT SOUND AWKS NEVER MIND THEN
I was wondering if weather would be an issue. Thanks for your continuous updates by the way, very awesome and helpful.
The difference between a girl and a cellphone? The phone has a "silent" mode .
The one stop tracking is a bit scary. Would be almost impossible to opt out of & FB doesn't exactly have a good record
love it.
BANGARANG MOTHERFUCKER!! Thanks to for joining the party!!!!
LOL! Truth. RT You know it's almost time for the Olympics when they start running the Morgan Freeman narrated Visa commercials.
Just left Sisterhood Celebration at Clark Atlanta University - Sweet Alpha Pi Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
but there was no one there, and no one came.
oh okay thanks i will !!! n_n
Its rare my baby get sick , and to see him like this is like 0_o ah ur not urself so ima have him relax in my arms get em some remedies :)
YAWWWWNNNN. Ah I love Saturdays. These are the days when i can sleep in till 11 in th- WAIT! IT'S WEDNESDAY!!! Uh... gotta go!
I'll download that this weekend. ;)
Crepes and coffee after todays run at the international food festival in Balboa Park.
we're going in tonight. #TurnUpTime!! You better hit me up sooner than later or you getting left!
I love backwards down the number line
RT this and i will rate you on your whole profile(;
Waking Up realizing I wasted my life trying to please false a niggas and be bros with them. Smh
and you didn't like it?! I loved that movie, I guess I'm a bigger nerd than you :p
Everyone follow for #Quality tweets.
Nap time! Yay!
slipping into a depression and I'm not liking this. I'm worrying myself sick & all I am doing is sleeping & crying. this isn't me.:(
I was when LA tied the series. I wanted Buffalo to win! We could have played them for round 2! Damn Philly >.>
Send your updated resume at or join our Facebook page: facebook.com/openaccessmarketing
my birthday is today!!! 22 on 90210 bahaha yes beverly hills :)
Thanks for the follow I love precious metals and
I'm six hours away from Chicago! Will you be in NYC this summer?
you got 5 on me. I'll be 34 this summer.
I'm fine thanks for Asking
I think I have a test today.... Idk if its cambridge or ap
Why am I so into chicks in uniforms?
I'm just saying you can't put a baby in a cage, stick a water bottle on the side and feed it occasionally.
I downloaded ConJazzNess by I hope she performs in #Georgia. #Love her.
let's go celtics!
semi-truck cab with a winnebago attached : )
Also,i've decided that i'm going to finish the play I wrote for my church... I want to direct it & act Gotta make wrk my dreams come true
The despair of #poverty led to an aching heart and hunger to find a #sustainble solution. ~ #M121 CEO Brad Jeffery
Saw 1,000 Words today - good movie with a great message<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know right. Ima wear it at Vidcon!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents
Im oovooin hook me up ID name is laney Davis cuzz
I NEED #MuE :-D
Gonna watch Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide and wait for to get off work.
RT Fun fact received 16% support based on followers, received 58% support from his followers.
You sound like Wendy Williams
sometimes you have to just go with the flow, like eating green beans with a spoon b/c you don't have a fork :)
Sup Luis =) RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
you gotta Love Yankees Baseball on ESPN
the %10? Sure, it just comes naturally ;)
Happy Friday Twitter world! #Follow Friday
Nice to see the Nuggets helping a brother out. Up 21 vs the Suns.
Do you know a local Olympian - past or present? Perhaps you have been involved in the Olympics yourself? We want to hear from you!
lmao i got it.
your very cute and adorable
Cannot wait to sleep in tomorrow :)
Let's go Liverpool..
They say love is in the air so I hold my breath till I turn purple.
yes!!!! Shits ridiculous. I'm getting my number changed. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
yeah, really!
Tuned in to Oprah's
Love's a hole that I don't plan on falling into
“ look like basquiat.”
I'm so mad,,, but happy... Shit splashes and then it smears... Ha ha funny shit.. Goodnight
Wake y'all asses up , smell the coffee ctfu
It isn't even dark out and I could absolutely go to bed right now
Yes, I've been accused of illegally using campaign donations to hide my mistress. But honestly, who hasn't, AM I RIGHT?
Ok , what is up with my instant stream on xbox loading to 100% and then taking another 3-5 mins to actually play?
hello Arnold i like see u in war movie maybe ww2 your fan shawn
OR an old man.
okay! You will getting OLDER little girl!
Goes further -- “: Don't do social because of faith. Do social because it delivers economic value for your business. #sesny”
wassup loc , u ready for the turn up!?
#Heat 7 consecutive road losses to teams above .500...... Spo is done after this year.
send us a DM with your email if you'd like a beta account to run your own reports with...thanks!
We did meet, yo! January 27 aka the day that I fucking miss.
shit.. Time to strip!
Hare Krishna!
"For as a man thinks in his heart, so is he." - Proverbs 23:7
I can't send a DM until you follow me as well
There are quite a few benefits in place for domestic partners, yep. (Perhaps not completely equal, but growing.)
Raise your hand if you did something stupid this weekend.
Well I finally did it and gave into twitter. I am pumped to see what this is all about
Lopez: "I remember seeing Isa...hit the fence. I was on the ground & I was hurting & all I could hear was Isa crying &..."
has a
I know you have it. gimme gimme gimme. I mean please
Last puppies for sale.. Selling them cheap
Dear Wednesday please please please go super fast so I can go home and sleep . Thank you
Tonight...The Avengers. :)
"Thanks for the menu guys!"
Niggas be on some petty ish
In the mood for an open mic, for old time's sake
dressing up again tomorrow (:
- yes, terra firma. Africa was amazing. Getting back into the work groove is more challenging!
": Send me a dm so I know its real."
RT ": I wonder if people in europe have to google how to dress like an American #thingsiponder"
I would love a follow from you!!
I do just love Dale Earnhardt Jr. Heck, I love the Earnhardt family!
omg I need someone to do my makeup
boo freaking hoo
Got 1st place in my first competitive game of golf today! Word! Now GreeNHouse!
who n da trees
There's an art to subtweeting.
PETER BROWN, hilarious (and talented) author of he newbie YOU WILL BE MY FRIEND!, will be here on 9-9! 6:30pm!
I did lol and really so they're still together??
same to ya!
Apple making an astronomical amount of dough with offshore accounts. $54 billion in cash kept out of the US. By 2014, it could have $150 bil
All women aren't stuck up!!!
Welcome to the Clip Show.
Check out my blog at on AMAG symposium. Integrators arriving today for input.
We'll be streaming any second now! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Fighting still has a place in this game and it has proven that it can turn things around and swing momentum for a team.
Anyone going to AAM who's up to talk about museum websites and mobile on 4/28?
Hi, Jenny, so howwas the Price is right?
a actor
funny, you don't look a day over 39
yup. Faculty get more leeway, but anything social networking or video related is generally blocked. Kids still get around it though
Just woke up -___-
For him I would stop everything I'm doing.<U+2665>
I just had to plug my ears in the middle of Buffalo Wild Wings like a fool in order to avoid the Prometheus trailer. Dammit, June, HURRY UP.
Totally forgot to get back to you about this: I don't think anyone in the #brewers system has close to Greinke's upside.
Hey, Indy Fans! Thank you for your overwhelming participation last week! We would like to thank you and encourage you to continue sending u
Let's talk soon! Bring it : ) We'd love to do a reality show on !
Isn't Naya suppose to be at a party?? But she's watching Glee with us I think.
i was replying to your tweet last night but i accidenttly replied to another one.
Who's at the Lilac Fest? We are! Join live from Highland Park for First at 4!
It's an honor to be studying theatre with future theatre major,
Happy 60th birthday dad, I hope heavens treating you well(:
since sent you a Subway card, you should follow her!!
Thanks! Great to be here!
Daaammnn.. i knew yall had this one for sure...
Melissa Leo is my hero.
Be thankful you don't live in NYC and enjoy some outdoor dining tnt in chi.
Oh nice, so I don't exist now we've left secondary school? Nice to know all those years meant something.
cause I don't want it until I'm serious with someone.
LOL Kimberly would gladly sell her teenager to you cheap some days ;-)
were you at fam?
Wow there are absolutely no good movies in the box office now!
look towards the front! :D <U+E405><U+E00E>
why does it keep saying pattie dmed me again?! WHAT AM I NOT SEEING
$900 on our team page. $1,000 coming in from the party. Plus a few more donations and checks from our 100+ walkers. Great job team!
You'll have a great time talking to us! <3 DM us!!
The name "Furbush" makes me chuckle. I am 8 years old.
I think it's BECAUSE of the recession that entreprenurial activities exist.
"Our marketing people need to think like PR people, and our PR people need to be marketers." - Heather Swain at CASE Branding Institute
No, Jesus!
what should I be?
ROTC students get access to early registration
My Nook Color doesn't seem quite as great... MT Amazon Kindle Fire tablet unveiled: Android-based, 7-inch display $199 price tag
Which last talk are you going to?
The Blue Bullet
wishing everyone a productive Tuesday!
On that ill iPhone flowww ;)
the difference btwn walking home w food n the US & walking home w food n india: n the US child beggars dont snatch the food from your hands.
We want to know... what are your favorite Android Tablet apps???
today was a half day i spent most of my time watching beauty vids on youtube :) tons of new hairdos i wanna try out
It's repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. & once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.~Muhammad Ali
Thank you all for your birthday messages- I'm truly blessed to have so many wonderful people in my life.
Gaah, why do bad things happen to me?
University profs in florida need good benefits or they will go elsewhere. Please preserve fl's higher ed & don't sign hb5005
West Coast to WorldWide...check out
Liquid Courage
Just learned something new >:D
Micheal Jackson's doctor found guilty for involuntary manslaughter!
This being grounded shit gotta die down.
A good conscience is a continued Christmas.
Whole department just came out to Bryant park to see the space shuttle!
#biggestbullshitwwewwfoutcome Cena beats Lesnar after delivering four moves in a half hour match.
Sitting chillin at Chaparral in scottsdale relaxing
oh sorry
Thoughts and prayers are with our partners & communities across the state working to recover from today's devastation
Follow my silly thoughts and drunken ramblings
So, tell us, and be honest here, do you love your car?
ugh, that's so simple. I'm so dumb. Thank you.
“: when are you coming to party and #FHBO again?” very soon!! ;)
Watchdog groups members like Sunlight and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
you're so beautiful !:D
Never confuse motion with progress! Every move should have a purpose.
Some how more to do today than yesterday. Thank the maker a beautiful woman made me banana ice cream for breakfast.
Homecoming is here! Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only $199 - Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters! Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com - New York City
holy shit, i will shit bricks if this goes on any further.......
Quote: "I Punch Small Children"
My sis starts the Appalachian Trail this weekend. Any advice for the best gear you wouldn't EVER want to forget?
Pretty sure this is a compliment when my dad asks me, "Did you get a vocal transplant?"
hey, are you going to the ny concert ? :)
Dedication. RT : Off to bed for few hrs. Gotta get up and watch #teamusa live at 2am.
Do you work with disfluency students? Would love to get your feedback on
It took me over an hour of whistling "Time is on my side" by the Stones, but I finally came up with Denzel Washington and "Fallen."
o Hell naw..they ugly
In due time!!!
This convocation is bout to be hell Smh
Fuck you, Maggie Gallagher!
Adobe is an official sponsor of the HTML5 LA User Group! (cc ) (via )
*Smiles softly up at you.* How are you, Ethan.
Annual Easter egg hunt was a success thanks to the community, Garrett hts, and freedom church. It was a blast.
Think DP Dough will deliver to Newark?
20 things about education
Happy Monday! Don't forget Summer B term starts tomorrow 6/21 - Are your courses ready?
yes I kno
Consider this cause you might not gett that chance again
I second Breaking Bad. Phenomenal. Can't go wrong with Dexter either.
Since a gucci backpack is so necessary
wow. thank you!!!!
Bring on the Cardinals! Go #Gophers in #NIT finals!
Go see it! I know the song you mean and it's no big deal. Just warn the girls ahead of time. Such a lovely, sweet show.
Reviewed stats on blog. I got a spike when I posted a nude woman with a Hello Kitty face.
I think you're an absolutely amazing actress, SO talented! Happy to be following you now. Merry Christmas! :)
Congratulations MDC grads! will be live tweeting from Kendall Campus commencement (if he can raise the WiFi).
rt Squala can make u holla: check him out here www.squalaorphan.com
Thank you!
Btw, it is with , not "surgeons"
Sunday best# sunday dinner
Right? But wealthy SAHMs don't need the "dignity" of work. RT : Making welfare moms work "from day one": Mitt corporate speak.
Wait Brian Maddox is going to the paradise fears show in Boston? Or at least this is what Facebook is telling me ...
. Yes! Excellent choice with light pasta or seafood salad.
It is still a good time though. Some day...
Shoot Outs #SkillsOnAThugsResume .
Just had a great lunch and a great meeting with the awesome ladies tv home of #texasrangers baseball and
"photogate" seems petty, no one questions your work ethic or heart. Just get better and be best TE in football next year!
AADA told us to fall forward, not back. Amiright, ?
Teaching ur kids about the value of hard work, honesty and common decency towards everyone will go a long way in making this world better
i'm cold.
oh well, I was gonna go steal Paisley again...
God morning, in NJ almost in NYC. :D
I've gone to so many shows that they all no me well not really TJ but yea
I am determined to turn my struggle into a jewel
"Take me out to the ballgame..." TKF is going to see the Padres tomorrow!
If I liked studying as much as my dog likes eating tampons, I'd be really smart.
Flying, yes. Pilot's license, no. ;)
glad you liked you should try Furthermore's beers too. :)
You should no be able to "Tag" photos of Underdog dodgeball!
I'll try! I'm pretty much booked after June 24... but I'll come before then. A LOT!
haven't seen you in a while. Hope everything's okay:)
Anyone going to be traveling for the holidays?
About to make my own moves and be grinding hard on my own, about to make my dreams come true #OneManArmy#
Sean Peyton just out-thought himself on that fake FG.
My good days never last long.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your sister's crying while talking to her bf about their relationship and you have to pass them to get some juice..
Braun says the number of the sample was 3X higher than any number in the history of drug testing. Insists it could not be his.
now you challenge my manhood. Dammit Tobey!!
thank you !
Go Big Blue!!! RT : We in Atlanta baby!!
Share an update Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators - If that's you or you know someone contact me -
Love my life right now :)
on that note did u guys & Taylor put ur head down and walk into the BEC on Tuesday without waving for security reasons or..?
*wear via last tweet
u buying the beer? lol
May my drive for success and wealth be guided by my ethics and my concern for people.
Rush Hour 3 is on !?
to our Mothers, on whose backs we have stood, on whose hearts we have rested. where would we be without mama. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! to all MOMS
loved the blog post about the history of LASIK. lots of people don't know how long it's been around. have you had LASIK done?
And for dessert... Maw Maw's Lemon Poppy Seed Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting & Strawberry Coulis. Yummy!!!
Why am I awake?
Drunk texting in not the answer.... Right?
i love her she can come
BIO Announces Governor Jon Huntsman As Keynote Speaker For The BIO Convention In China
Woodworking teaches you about both wood and working.
“: How many of you know National Beer Day is April 7?....Don't celebrate too early - still have almost an hour to go. #beer”
LOL when she kicked Lil Debbie out it was a wrap...
These streets were crazy, specifically Crenshaw Blvd.
FBI says it stopped kidnapping of innocent bystander during Hells Angels investigation. 5 SWAT teams made 26 arrests.
"You ain't seen nothin' like me yet..." Rehearsing with the band.
#Blazers need a floor general like Steve Nash. Time to call #Phoenix ?
A tourist? When you wear sports wear? No. You look like a normal American dude...with better hair. xp
Taylor Gang or buy fila pradas.
yeah my cousins looking for one. How much ?
Shame on you......doing that when you're supposed to be focusing on God.....Shame, Shame, Shame..............
come to our tuesday meeting tonight! 8pm, Monroe 114. and celebrate national pancake day with us? what? is that a thing?
and waiting for some
RT : Tix for Washington DC's BIGGEST & BEST New Year's Eve bash are about to go on sale for just $99. Check out
Getting ready for this years Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco, "The Data Frame". Exciting program.
Yankee Candle coming soon !!
Just heard from He's heading back to DEN after a SA Rampage series loss to a very good OKC team.
Thanks to for retweeting the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with their followers.
which Skrillex song did Parrino use?
Can you grow up? I did like 5years ago. Mhksy, thanks.
OMG AUSTINS NEW SINGLE IS SO AMAZING !
I can honestly say you been on my mind since I woke up today!
Walked my dog yesterday using techniques. Worked right away! We had an amazing walk, with no pulling on the leash.
I'm doing pretty good. I have no complaints.
what a Monday. See you tomorrow night at the dessert? Hope you had a great weekend.
Conversation w retired CPD- Rahm has upset a lot of people.
so its been 2hours...did ya start yet?
#NYK is this real life?
yeah I would.
Is it "National Run the Red Light Day" and I missed the memo? Geez
Hoorah! Ya can't beat a bit of bully! :-D!
Why have guys become less aggressive and more shy and feminine? And girls have become more aggressive and manly.
he proposed on my bday, Nov 19th. Tmrw is the big day, that's why I've been M.I.A, I been getting this together.
making real music!
perfect, let me know when you can, i will go to Toronto wednesday morning for a race , and i back to miami on sunday ! :))
Hey what's up guys. Havent heard from you. What's new?
Thank you so much! looks great for my next Wed date with a girlfriend.
don't be mad cuz ur man bron is, like Stephen A said, "soft as puddy" haha
Immigration and 2012: How Romney and Obama Differ
I'm boycotting you until you flush Rush!
If the frame can be reused and door is standard size, replacing it is easy.
Did you miss us??
Coach was the best show ever
Thanks to new followers including:
Friction? *prepares orbital death ray* Like, the ebook kind?
Ready for Farsi class, even did my homework - but forgot everything at home! Akheee...
William H Macy and Felicity Huffman singing their intro = best part of the night so far!
I know how you feel. I hate feeling like no one in the whole world likes you.
Thanks for spreading the word! Really appreciate it.
Looks like Investors with Epic Poker League got taken for a ride. Management took all the money . Salaries of over 200,000 each for what.
fantastic! We're fully permitted, just got on KXAN, KLBJ, and CNN! Our advertiser made it to the New York Times!
"More Kettlebell!" 584...gone! Hello Thursday.
i just simply adore Kaoru! he's my fave character!
So many beautiful girls follow me &gt;&gt;&gt;
woah that soap bubble wall thing is definitely rad, but i gave up building zome huts quite a while ago.
bruh we would stay on one.. ha
Thanks. I'll go try that now.
Hey, Hannah is an a+ sister for editing my research paper
Is it cliché to post something about 11-11-11??? I'm sure it is - but I still hope all your wishes come true. :)
Excercising at the gym - going to have a great dinner tonight
who is making your #EDC #Bikinis ? we would like a crack at it!
Spezzature- having a certain nonchalance, so as to conceal all art and make whatever one does or say appear to be w/o effort
monovision. Worked for me for a while. Demand crisp vision so have progressive lens glasses. Good luck!!!
We only part to meet again. ~ John Gay
sad. Maybe some other time. But will do. I'm hoping to have a good first visit to your state.
Today is my uncle June's birthday. Happy Bday man.
By the way the problem with my setting is only when I'm online. I like being able to change things in game. please help!!
Oh my gosh! Cant wait! Im sure it will be amazing! Love that song! :))
ah ppl are so rude!!!!
Basketball never ends
Exhausted. Trying to finish up my finals. You?
hahaha nice ^.^ well at least you know now :p
I love you
Max Browne from Sammamish, WA, the nation's top QB recruit, has committed to USC. Hey Sark, what happened to "closing the border"?
Thanks for the cake ball !
hey im outside your door! No one is answering
What?!? is into hot yoga? Somebody's lived in Madison too long. Does he also have Birkenstocks?
you are not alone. You have til 12 :P golf in this weather >>> working
ha ha ha teach u to go to sleep late lol
yeah I'm on my way home now :/
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 13 Final #eagles #redskins #nfl (Via )
Sports drink in hand and relaxing the legs. Really ready to rock the #RnRSA in the AM!
This is more than a crush, more than a like like, more than a love.
No way! Did it hit anyone?
Fucking kidding me!
MT : re blogging, my 14 yo daughter: "This is what blogging looks like - you look like you're bored, but you're not really"
Don't worry, he talks about much more than the tunnel in tonight's debate. ^jh
Ah I'm in there!! hahaha!! Great post!! LOVE IT
Anyone Else Looking forward to having 11 character slots per realm?
Ha classic! RT I AM the burned evidence! Biggest change is that I now lather sunscreen
You missed out, m'dear. But we'll hold you to that (-:
Congrats for ATT....RT : Huge day: On Friday, AT&T set a new single-day record for its iPad sales and activations.
Downtown Savannah.! Can't wait to come to college down here.! #SCAD.!!!!! :-)
I'm a woman I should know how to make simple foods
Love takes time... and so does healing. Patience...
are you tweeting and driving at the same time (:
Sometimes it's hard to keep your head up as high as it needs to be. Acting is now part of my life again :-)
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
not sure how i kept a straight face during mr cooks freak out
#WhenIWasLittle my brothers and i used to make championship belts from WWE and make believer we were the champions
HaHaHa!!! Lucky you!!:)
"Just give it a little second." My feeble attempt to convince my brother to let me listen to any Taylor Swift song in his presence.
API- interesting proposal for job creation
-- OMG you serious lol ?
Lucky! Thanks for the info.
Hey, since we don't see eachother much, I thought I'll send you my oovoo ID so we can video chat!!! Suphaphon.Phanthadeth
I love an opportunity to humorously misinterpret someone based on a typo. Horus is much funnier than hours.
yeah, I fucking hate them.
Reflection makes you move forward. Empty what you have now and let's go on a journey.
Dimond&#39;s Osborne will play D-I baseball
soccer is quier
watching your most recent video! :)
i am s disgusted by he is such an awful person cant everyone just leave each other alone come on....
Heading to gas station for a snack. I predict Sprite (crushed ice) and burrito.
Come Watch the Hoosiers in action. Great Food, Great Beer, Eat Here.
Our brothers at are celebrating 4 Years tomorrow. Pass by and support these guys.
Sampling Free State beer on Here and Now on right now.
FYI..Cubs' Ryan Dempster will host a benefit for the Dempster Family Foundation @ D’Agostinos Pizza & Pub in Wrigleyville Jan 12
the fundamental argument exists that the more jobs illegal immigrants hold, the less jobs are made available for American citizens.
Gov't steps: 1) reduce debt; 2) transparency of loan costs, and 3) enforce requirement to prepare students for "gainful employment"
Great day in NYC for #c3ny. Thanks to and everyone at
"Cold Turkey"....(gluten free, one would assume)
Why is Spike Lee dressed like he is at a funeral? He's at a Knicks game!
I'll be happy to see the rain whenever it makes an appearance.
i hate you too.
was in a car accident yesterday
Today is my last day smokin , I have to focus now
motivate as many people as you can... you never know if that one word of encouragement if what keeps them going <3
im alright :) we need to hang out again soon.
can you make it? I can't
the other one is Tiberius :3
So is it true or not?
Favre fined $100,000 for wearing purple. OK I made that up. But sounds about right, doesn't it?
I Love that he is inlove with me :)
#eli2012 blended - teachers changes in teaching: Enrich with tech, planned better, differentiated between modes, slow down F2F teaching
Read the first chapter of *Home* for
Feeling a little geeked out that someone whose controversial research I used to cite in college just sent me a Linked in request.
w Live experience with #KCXsocial (@ Kenmore Live Studio
SUP PEOPLE!!!
Great to meet you Tweet style. March 14th Work? I hear you bring the heat!
My whole Isagenix team made money this week, and I went to Executive! THAT is what's supposed to happen.
Time to Rock Santa Maria
Should of been double tech
So is slavery,uh I meant integration-"Slow down,You go too fast..."
theres men dressed as women in #witches ive onty just noticed this now.
Hey Ran into your plan partner for match/science conf. Said y'all wanna talk. Hit me up! Music Festival is over.
Too early in game to categorize who is the real front-runner for the GOP. Romney has 31 delegates; Newt 26! But who's counting?
RT If you would like to see is a local store near you?!!! S/o out to the newest member of the team...Would u like to know who?!
Shaking with excitement about the tour of the chemical heritage foundation today. The gallery is amazing!!
you tweet to much !! LOL we friends right ? :)
Same here, only because mine lost #AGiftedMan & #Alcatraz (w #BodyOfProof, #Unforgettable & CSI Miami/NY still on bubble)
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
Mike Stud boyfriend remix
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss, The Lorax
alright good!
YES! & Corey Booker is worth at least THREE of chris christie.
you go guuuurrl
Exactly. Just wishful thinking. They're not "screwed" but no chance any combo of Kruger, Kindle, Upshaw gives what he did. None.
message me back!
Here comes the storm to wash the blood from my car.
like a was told from he couldnt play for don nelson, so he will have to prove himself somewhere
I wish I was the dude already standing next to a grill in flip flops with a PBR tall boy yelling "I'm just gettin' ready for 4th of July!!
In Mammoth's lowest-scoring 1st half this yr, CO with a 4-3 lead over WASH. with 2, and 1 each
Thanks Coach! Glad the word is getting out. We think this event is going to really assist recruiting efforts for JUCO guys!
Okay, i will put it in there Tomorrow :)
Successful visit with Client in Kansas. Brad and team worked hard and we moved ahead big time. Cool folks, but don't take parking spot!
Wow, they really hate world peace in Oklahoma.
KINGS ALWAYS PLEASE ROOT FOR MY BABIES
Come on out tonight and see us, Third Stream Giants! 1005 Princess Anne St. Fred. Va.! 9:30pm, www.3sgiants.com! :)
my bad didn't see ur tweet till I lft the station
TAM card check Health card check..Prepared w resume unlike earlier this week check! Interview tomorrow and Monday..schwiingg!!
I was trying to be like you! I was running wash park and fell on my face. Big chin damage and a broken hand. #klutz!
too bad.
You know you're a foodie when you care more about the name on the menu than the name on the building.
Daily Trick to Cut Your Stress
I spent the morning fishing for compliments. Caught two backhanded ones and 12 insult fish.
Paying $4 per gallon of gas in Beverly Hills. Damn!
I just wanna thank my mama for everything. I never had the silver spoon but we made it love u mama
Wow. Can't believe your store is 5yrs old! I was there on opening day with the DM at the time,Bill. Time flies!
waffles are good
So sick of this shit ain't seen my baby in two weeks
I feel the same way. I made a pledge, yet unfulfilled to go back every year for the Penn Relays. Still need to make that happen
Yep! Just DM us your Zipcard # and you'll be all set.
#Wiunion .. Only a Pic of walker in #Milwaukee... no substance. Must be pandering again.
How was it?
Where are you now When I need you the most Why don’t you take my hand I want to be close... love him singing this song...
Goal for today: Remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
. must have been massive. I'm pretty sure the entire Austin PD was hanging out on the side of I35.
Increasingly uninterested in new OSX announcements. Doesn't bode well for my life for the next few months.
Headed off to bed. Yes that's right I'm saying it. Once again early night to sleep for me. Great weekend it was.
Wishing the best for our colleagues at
Let's be real, you weren't around when shit got trill..
I know if it was a guy behind the counter you'd get whatever you wanted, that ratty troll is just hating!!
#iwannagiveashoutoutto all my haters!!!
is mad that I got upgraded and he did not :-(
what happened in Dusseldorf
I've participated in NaNoWriMo 4 times and finished twice. This year I'm using it to write, but not a novel.
Spectacular is right!!
Ugh I think my boyfriends mom shut off his phone -.-
you better have some goddamn stories when I see you, young bwah.
I love what you're doing in Newark. Would like to have u on my radio show sometime.
Did you just shoot her in the head? TO YOUR ROOM. NOW!
Boy: "Wanna see a magic trick?" "Sure!" Boy: "POOF! Hey, you're single." Boy: "Wanna hear a joke?" Girl: "Sure?" Boy: "Our Relationship..."
so true
the dope boy is in the building!
i thought they were hard boiled eggs in the picture
RT : It's a beautiful day in NC. The birds chirping, sun is out...and oh yeah BRAYBOY MADNESS! Game time baby!
Whoa! I always wonder what tattoos will look like when ppl age too.
r u goin to make a new one?
So good! Their other covers are amazing, especially Skyscraper (LisaCim is a BOSS in it), Price Tag, and Pray!
umm ill be a co-owner !
Make sure to give someone a #Hug today! It's National Hug a Friend Day.
It's appalling! Btw...why is it still called 'indian' affairs??
Anna Sui #nyc sample sale is indeed pretty sweet :)
Congrats!! You're So AMAZING ALLI! Can I PLEASE Get A Follow? It Would Make My World!!! You're So Inspirational And Pretty!
we will be! we're working very hard on it :) early next year hopefully!
New invention idea: Calculator watch for people with very fat fingers.
Poll: 22% of American, but only 6% of French respondents fear world coming to end within their lifetime. Quite telling.
Don't miss our 1-year anniversary show tomorrow night NWSports Tonight #secondyearwillbe evenbetter
Make me
Dilemma ... but it wouldn't be if you'd quit playing the marty. #makeAdecision live by it & proceed on.
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy <3
Follow back??
Power class @ 10 this morning with Bethany. Drive safe, and we'll see you then.
when are you leaving for bklyn?
Aw Hell Nawwwwwwwwwww
It could turn out to be a full time job
What's camping without beer? (:<
Jay, I can't wait to see Skip's reaction when Denver wins the SuperBowl.
are you really pregnant with twins again??? I'm praying for you girl!
a complication
Looking forward to the #HOLIDAY!
Alumni blue roster: George Schneller, Jason Pyka, Dave Pyka, Will Richey, Grant Garnett, and current head coach Jarred Samples.
is going to run some errands and finish my Christmas shopping.
I need all my Shreveport and Bossier people at Southern-Shreveport tomorrow to watch us play at 8 pm! Women start at 6!
Watchinq Video's:)
I AM FOLLOWING AND YES HOPEFULLY X
Milk at the State Fair. Also that one thing. You know, the thing with the stuff.
no i dont stop u lair
#OKC going all the way this year sorry Kobe!!!
Library time.
I'm too nice to say that. I feel bad for his wife.
Lets go! We are #CommercialFree NOW!!! :)
I had Strasberg thursday and was only like 20 and he had 13ks.
Ooh, the $5 Aziz Ansari special is the one I went to. If the camera pans the crowd, I'm the tiny asian way up and back not visibly laughing.
Gotta get ready for summer time.... We've been working on our personalities all fall/ winter...
back to my movie
is a fat whore...on Squidbillies!
Peruvian food hit the spot!
hell ya! should be a fun time
Let's go spurs... still in the lead...51-48
a thick bad bitch with ambition that don't need a man ... lol
Hey nice to see you here :)
are you saying , you voted against the Snow Shoveling Bill because you don't like the Tea Party?
damn the kings better sweep them !
The denser a tile, the better it resists moisture. Like ceramic tile, porcelain tile R resistant to stains, odors, bacteria & scratches..
Life is good, I have been a bit Twitter absent lately. So busy at the office and personally. How are you? Amazing I hope.
#theoldestsongthatihaveonmyphone is jonas brothers-year 3000 I dont why I have that song !
Two awesome workshops today with director Guy Norman Bee and CD Scott David! So blessed! :)
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
I watched your videos today and loved how Kamea was making such cute sounds in the background. Miss those days with my girl.
Peak wedding season approaches. Put your expert advice into a media pitch about finances, fitness, fashion or family.
JUSTIN BIEBER AND CARLEY RAE JEPSON ON TOUR THIS SUMMER?
Thanks for the invite!!! -JO
I don't think you're getting the context of the word "lubricant". It's not sexual.
Got out of tennis early because its snowing so friken much! Biggest flakes i have EVER seen! Washington people, is it snowing where you live
: an online team. ... Great way to make it happen. Enjoy the race.
pushing it to the limits....till it malfunction!!!!!
My admiration and respect to the first person who tried an oyster. Maybe it was bravery or maybe those were the real hunger games.
how come magic always leaves me unresolved when i can't figure it out tho
Thanks for the MLA alert, Amy!
something wrong with the service? I'm having a few issues and your site is down
you're very welcome!
10/14 sketches finished! Almost there!
i am so physically worn out, but am not the kind of tired that makes me wanna sleep
as usual, provided another outstanding 5:30 a.m. workout. :) Perfect way to start the day with a focused mind!
At snug bout to see Illuminasti, mike d in the house. Oh yes
bout time clown lol
Niggas on twitter talk about the same shit
nope, orioles also doing well with modest payroll
uhm hum love you too
glad you liked it!
We don't have anything for Alums, sorry.
Had this dream last night that Ryan Braun & Meryl Streep formed a joint business venture and showed up at my work. It was weird.
Yo, stop saying happy mothers day to me lmao.
confession: i still have it.
everytime I come over
i've changed alot since last year.
Bless ya! RT : I'll have to tell myself to not retweet every tweet
Thanks for coming!
RT : The #tumbleresque is the Ray Johnson Fan Club.
#withoutyou finally heard it on the radio today! Dope!
Thanks! Also, for hosting, do you use cPanel?
Tell Big Al the cup is 1/10th full, the Rockies are a terrible A ball club.
thanks for the follow - i grew up with german shepherds - they're the best.
Congrats to Doug Collins... Great coach!
Woke to feeling like shit! :/
U want to keep Students and players recruit the right kids and teach and coach better than everyone else
Create your future by Inventing it!
Played tennis for the first time in over a year. It's a shame I've neglected the sport for so long.
I figured that the would have come knocking a long time ago.
RT you are just always good for sexy #infographics xoxo < I'm not just arm candy...
Is it true you will be writing 5 songs in the next album?
Welcome. Glad you attended.
You are so talented and really pretty!!!!!!! Please follow me thanks :)
Most art museums' collections are less than 10% by female artists, but over 20% of the art at LBMA is by female artists.
thanks we luv u!
don't feel guilty, mine were in bed at 7 and 8. Sleeping kids = happy parents!
"Brunettes want a guy whose *1 billion things supposedly wanted*" Brunette: Actually, I just want another brunette. That is hot. o.o
After a disappointing weekend with LeGuin today's #FridayReads is Lord of Chaos by Robert Jordan
zoo field trip tomorrow.
Does that mask help you see better in the darkness of Jordan's shadow??
Well, you're kind of amazing, too.
(we gotta make it work)...looking for perfect when surrounded by artificial*
It aint about me feeling better,or me doing anything for show,its real, no @ needed they already know i owe them this and much more
and every one else tries
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Id rather be rich than stupid.
Neglected to mention the G&T planned after the last game! Have a great day, yourselves!
Congrats to June, Jenny & Sara- just scored tix 2 the SOLD OUT Abq Chris Tomlin show. Just 1 pair left. Details on how 2 win soon...
No I already finished that one. The one I never finished was the 1 that had a post it note on it with the letters UNFINISHED !*)
VANELIS 2012 New Single coming in February.
Follow me? ewe
- AAM conference this weekend! Our team is ready and fired up!
Home tip of the week: Clean your shower head every 3-4 months to keep the water flowing normally!
Only saw one episode, and nope...they have the same level of maturity. I did laugh a few times though.
Welcome to Chicago ! Can't wait to cheer you all on along the course tomorrow!
44 to go!
That moment when your car alarm goes off...and everyone in the parking lot is just staring...hahah
max don't use bad language.. And I guess you can be somewhat cool cause you have an iPhone now
Jobs could have used his influence to see that Wozniak got due recognition. Woz is the sort of role model US youth need.
Hosmer Angelvanish from your memory, as he has done from your life
Mikeys rising strait to the top of the game...g they say my shits hot give me props when they play me, your musics gonna flop when it drops
Think before you speak.
RT : Based on today's news, Joe #Paterno's final regular season game would be Nov. 26 at Camp Randall
get him in cosmopolitan and let me be there to shower him, i mean meet him x
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
“Simone,” Mr. Foster’s best-known post-Basie composition, is on my PM records "Elvin Jones Live" John Coltrane Memorial Concert @ Town Hall.
No Friends > Fake Friends
Thanks! Looking forward to meeting you.
sorry I tweeted you by accident. (:
Last chance #cltOscarwinner pick best picture ....
Thank you! We're having fun doing it! Hope to see you checking in soon or visting Emerald Lounge!
funny...stay out my bi.
well hey im brandon. wats good
& we went on So many rollercosters :D it was soo much fun... So that's why I wasnt really on twitter today ahaha LOL
Friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn but it takes years to write.
Watching the team's inspired play has brought tears to my eyes. That or the gold monogrammed nipple clamps I've been sporting lately.
Can't believe the weekend has come again so quickly, these weeks are FLYING by
Looking forward to Bridesmaid night out.. Cant wait to hang with my girls in dtwn Ann Arbor :)
you're excessive.
What was your favorite dog movie of all time-Are there any famous cat movies?
Does anyone like to take over the Lyons Hots Spots?
lol..rush ? really omg....that's hideous...
Nap time and trying to get over the person i like.. -.-t
Finally! Thanks for asking. Installed a plugin mentioned in WP forums. Problem solved
Really? Thank you, I really appreaciate that :)
1/25/1785 to James Jay: I am clearly in sentiment with her Ladyship, that Christianity will never make any progress among the Indians
LOVED #KatrinaParker s performance of "Killing Me Softly"
Just finished a lovely lunch with my even more lovely wife Cinda. Now, back to the #voiceover studio. It's a very good day.
sorry we can't hit some of y'all with follow backs right now. we're currently in twitter jail. we'll get on it ASAP when we're out
Now is a time that you cant pretend!
Good idea & Although sometimes I _like_ to sit in the corner, you both are most welcome to follow me back ;)
Tough Question: RT Would I rather win Mega Millions or watch the Cats win it all this year?
Nice work, really enjoyed the film grain filters. Your stuff is looking extra crispy these days.
I hadn't written good html in ages. I hope it rendered ok. Go Inman Next :)
like 2 years ago? ;)
thank you for the follow VC! Have a great day.
haha yeah true that. I'll be like a novela actor all old but still trying to wear all the young shit lol
Well, advertising is a multi-billion dollar business, so perhaps you're in the #rightindustry. You'd be good at moonshining, tho.
The Object Poster, the Visual Pun, and 3 Other Ideas That Changed Design
Off to NYC tomorrow for sound mix and color correction. I need to choose my one director freak-out wisely.
RT : you know you're an ad/pr major when you laugh at font typeface jokes.
it was NASTY
For most Christian teens looking at pornography is not an option but what about musical pornography? Guard not just ur eyes but ears.
Muse madness today. Two more weeks!
Congratulations on your article!
That's a very compassionate viewpoint. I'll work on that.
WENT CLEAN DEAD END THANK'S TO HUS ,POTENCY SHANA NANCY-C SQUEALER & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OTB MIKEY
If I am your mirror you see yourself in me We have always been in love its easy unbridled with two hearts so free
Its looking like i'm going to be staying in and doing homework tonight.. That's probably a good place for me.
Go girl love seeing women take over the world!
I love voice...listening to Terri Lyne Carrington's "I Got Lost in His Arms" I think I need to purchase her solo work
#ThingsThatINeed a vacation & a massage
I want to get drunk, but if my best friend can't . . . that means I can't.
Went from watching Royal Wedding footage to watching South Park & Strike Witches. So much for culture & fashion.
Station Tavern...
Happy birthday Irving Berlin! What a legacy!
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it."
“: #FOLLOW , they go hard for #Cleveland” we family
Sorry we didn't get more of a chance to talk. Company in town.
great news!
what?! What episode is that?!
If I had a racehorse, I'd name it Haulin' Oates.
Pretty much! Eat whatever I want. No meat. Avoid junk food if you can. That's it!
These hello kitty headphones >>
HEY SHOUT OUT FOR ME PLASE?
I've got no one to impress, so fuck dressing up now. No one really impresses me anyways.
Any fun weekend plans, Ayla fans?
i went from 301 2 304 thank u guys
what up
. on fire today w value tweets. Shaq v Tiger is great ? but I respectfully disagree w the expert. Here's why...
the new vimeo looks like it has some nicly embdded social features. i'm looking fwd to feeds. Whaddya think
People who ask the stupidest questions>
New song done today good times wit the fiance and fam and a boss lesson for my man u aint a boss till u take a loss 3-1 in 4days
Nothing like anaphylactic shock to start off your Thursday.
I've been things and seen places.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough please look:D :D :D :D :D
The free delivery on cc HSM Schroederthe pickup baler Of combo Of manuf the part Rapid survey HSM Schroeder CCthe pickup :-)
In the gayborhood and loving all the shirtless men out running today!
Do all things with love.
Follow Me Back
you're already unfollowed :)
nice to meet you lil Segen lol your nickname
I hate when it takes longer to draw the freakin picture than do the actual problem.
POTTERMORE IS OPEN!! WHAATT WHY IS THIS THE BEST DAY EVER??
Yes, we have a barrel-aged maibock that we entered in the Great American Beer Festival last year.
Shaping up to be a darn decent week!
Off to To Bead True Blue and the Grant Inn shows today in Tucson. I'll let you know what the very latest thing is this year!
Just started following a #sustainable farm coop to help military veterans with PTSD
Wow this weather is amazing Boston!! What's everyone been up to?
waiting to see if #Nikon will announce a #D800 camera.
2 squares pizza and a really good apple might be the most perfect breakfast ever.
wishing the Council dockets came in Kindle form
Looking at your self in the mirror seeing how imperfect & ugly you are.. :/
earthquake in the bay.
Bored.:P
Like eggs and hot sauce, bacon must always be present in our household.
email - nathanonearth at g mail dot com
About to grub out on some great food from Although they are out of carnitas, which is a bit of a bummer.
Today presented ideas for mobile gaming, brand design, OLA optimization, data visualization & cool print. What's "traditional"?
Sounds expensive... RT Subway signs Assume he'll have a $I footlong?
I understand your point. However: Perception, as they say, is reality.
But it's not easy when she turns you on
These are the days that make me love life. "Brother Time...it heals wounds!"
-- just woke up, had breakfast, still a little sleepy, haha, what's up with you?
I'm so fucking clumsy. -____-
And thank you to Ms. Moody, Rachel, Nick, Kate, and the rest of the crew for giving me a ride back in their limo!!!
Applying for jobs is exhausting - four job apps later and I still feel like I did nothing but sit on the internet all day.
I think that the increasing power & ubiquity of our info networks reduces the degree to which we can mythologize public figures-
hi cornball.
Who? What? When? Where?... The four musts in life to know the truth.
Sometimes I really wonder about university fundraising campaigns.
spike your hair with condiments :3
wow that is a lot of cupcakes! Thanks for coming out!
You da bomb !!!! That's why you have the best fans cuz we love "da bombs" and you are one!!
I'm tweeting quotes loser -_- not talking to you! lol
Today is an amazing day!!
I'm open to all options for other streams of income. I already do online surveys
Well there goes both of my date ideas for you. What am I going to do with these box seats for the Baby Rape?
Today is International Kissing Day? I guess I'll be kissing my grandpa. Lol.
I know, I'm bad about it lol. things are cool here-when are you gracing us next with a production?
e.e
Starbucks!! Everyday
Matty G bc he's got swag
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: On #Twitter, always try to network with noteworthy business associates, competitors and peers.
What's your favorite New Orlean's cocktail? Mine? A cognac sazerac- no rye here sir.
Craig McMurtry in the glasses with the sports strap and powder blue uniforms!
Signed a lease on a solo studio apartment in Brooklyn Heights. Because December wasn't busy enough already.
Tim Tebow is like the Kardashians. Short on talent but the media loves them.
it's not the greatest, but if you are looking for a good sandwich at a cheap price, it's the place to go.
gonna make yourself some rattlesnake cleats?
Thanks for your support! With your help and support, we'll definitely be able to get there with the next one!
OMG! "Ladies hide your toes! New "Ped Pal Foot Scrubby",..Bo-dacious Fat Candy,..yumm! smells like Hot Cotton Candy
Same to you. I really appreciate your numerous mentions. Today, I'm working on the first chapter of my fourth book.
I hope so! I'm on day 4 of the 3-5 business days I'm supposed to allow for shipping. Eyewear fashion show is imminent!
I had an awesome Mother's Day! So thankful for my family!
thanks dear! :D
We really appreciate the kind words, Evan! Glad you like our service.
I liked the Blonde roast a lot. What do you think?
Flexin, Flexin everyday I'm flexin If Flexin was crime they gon' have to come arrest me
What kinda answer is that
Nice meeting you at the AMA gifting suite! Look forward to having you in the office!
you are blowin' up tweeter girlfran!
I feel like I read it but just forgot..haha..
Haven't seen this much red since Red Dawn.
What's on schedule this week you ask? Finals, work out, finals, work out, finals, work out. Time to hustle!
Sweet Jesus, I finally killed the pace alarm on my Garmin. Hated that infernal beeping!
Follow for a solo shout out if you did tweet me belieber
:') you just proved that you're a true gentleman by what you just said Cody. That is why I love you. :) <3
Ugh, feel so sick don't even know why im coming to school.
Heading back to #LosAngeles today
RT : Great forum on women leadership with amongst others Prof. Arsenault gave a shout-out to
In a survey following the 2011 Expo, 83% of the employers said they planned to contact students and alumni for job openings
I'm on Team Pulaski.
Heading to downtown #Hillsboro #FarmersMarket. Opening day today! Will we c u there? :)
No one just gives you success. And no one OWES you anything. Your sense of entitlement aint worth baby shit.
Jeff Carlat and Jerry Chin kicking off Day 2 with Proactive Service & Support
Eventually, landing on this job needs a lot of dedication and this article from ezinearticles
Thx Meta! Everything smelled so good! I'm starving now. LOL
Stop In Today And Get A *NEW LOOK*
I think I'm finally getting the point of a re-tweet
#sfconf Panel on Politics of Care discusses the need for the de-institutionalization of care in the US: do people have a choice?
How? What do you mean?
LOL omg my last retweet >> Nice typo.
I love this --> 3 online apps this weekend and it's not even noon. Yep, yep!!
lmao suck my dick bitch ;)
no worries just saw it posted
what is your favorite zombie movie?
We about to go shut it down in the ATL. Come get a drink we got u
why are you at home??
oh girl I can't believe he thought that no diaper deal was going to work lol
Hope to be in touch with you again this year to make the event bigger and better!
and his double breasted suits irk me!! Lol
Good morning thanks for the RT. Have a great day.
I will never give up! One day you will follow me!
I'm right outside your house...
Thanks man, you too.
Corporate white people love me, boy.
great cnt complain at all
Did everyone see the amazing on Jay Leno last night?!
"Say and do what you actually believe and everyone will know what you actually believe. It's a handy little thing called integrity."
Good luck, guys!
Shoot me a text a few times during the day just to tell me that u missin me
The TriBeca Film Festival's feature "The Two Escobars" explores the toxic relationship between soccer and narcs in Colombia circa 1990
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 54
Cool - I've never heard of artichoke tea! :)
Definitely following during the #Superbowl for some interesting ad info! Can't wait for the commercials!
What a whore
we are dating just no relations...
that is quite a spam of timezones. Neat that they can all participate!
so right. With prison guards everywhere.
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking this morning.
kris,its know ones business who u date or don't date...but than again r the ppls accusing u JEALOUS...LOL
Ahra? They stole Cafe Phillips' jam! (Love, love, love iced coffee cubes.)
Just realized we have yet to get drunk together...
All glory comes from daring to begin. - William Shakespeare
word. I like this guy's site, but I don't have nearly enough $ to roll like he does.
#GMChat RT What if changes up media buys (like #FaceBook edit) - saving money that way? Will hybrid agency help or hurt?
Waiting for the pre-meeting to start, so we can then have the meeting, before we wait for people to show up. Then we can start an hour later
Because lord knows.. whenever I put on my old ones, I can see perfect but without them, I really can't see for shit.
Great post! Really well written and logically laid out A+++.
Just cashed in our free Gala tickets at the Rock n' Roll Hotel on December 2nd? Who else is going?
OKDHS reaches settlement on foster care suit - KOKI FOX 23
B O B B Y D I G I T A L movie coming to a shelf no where near you
Even now the robot starts to think...I wonder what it dreams
You're telling me! The rain/hail that came down would have hurt so bad
It's good man. Hopefully won't have it too much longer, but we'll see.
Will we all have Hell's Belles boards? Shame we can't have a community board.
Let's give the #Heat our best shot tonight, at least lay #LeBron on his ASS - hard fouls - hard play
#Patriots needed help on defense and they are addressing it tonight. Smart by the Hoodie & company.
omg!! I know!! Luckily I found an empty seat!! :P
Check out the skyvi app for droid
awww you are to cool
Do you prefer to wear flip flops or tennis shoes?
ONE MORE TO GET TO 3000... COME ON FAM U CAN DO IT... FOLLOW ME FOR GAIN... ;-0
It'd be difficult to stomach if Chris Ogbonnaya had a big day against the #Texans. Hometown kid. Preseason cut.
Morels and asparagus, oh how I have missed you!
Could be a smart move to prevent people from having day-dreamy visions of farmer's market life. Also loved the list of questions!
RETWEET to your PEEPS. Sexiext Chef Contest ~ Wes is in First Place but only by 1%. Please VOTE and TELL your friends www.budurl.com/ChefWes
Whose making art with a social activist bent in Berlin? Looking for galleries, museums, and artists.
Good morning sunshine!
How about singles events at museums? RT : #musesocial My 1st date with my husband was @ the yrs ago.
This nigga Andrew Bynum don't never comb/brush his fuckin hair
My son's iPod was recalled last month & I sent it back. They've had it for almost a month & no word. Bad timing w/holidays.
Last periodical exams in DBTI tomorrow. Lock and load. =)))
Right? Ransom for Tweety.
Oh. Have fun in Lafayette this weekend?
Son is super-excited about his "big brother" class at St. Luke's on the Plaza tonight!
there are so many things i have to tell you, but the first would be that I love you. <3
#LMSunSIG accessibility: best advice? Get your general counsel involved?!?!?
super healthy and tasty! Delicious :-)
HIGH!!! :D ahha yes it's a online meet! lol i see you are going to LIB!!! ah awesome seriously i can't wait haha
I wish I was in NY so I can see it with y'all
Lots of Jesus going around tonight.
Heading over to meet and for a Fox Sports story - that starts the week off right!
you guys are a great band and the new song is sick!!!
What part of Alabama? You have family there, right?
or have lunch w u.
but maybe pet shelter web site redesigns are in order... it is all relative...
Happy #Thanksgiving! And Happy #Black Friday!
because we like to eat?
then I'll cry.. And I'll throw your presents away..
Jus got in touch with THE Spiritual Baller
Lets Go!!
There are many Planes of Causation, and one may use the laws of the higher to overcome the laws of the lower."~The Kybalion
#ThoughtsDuringSchool wtf?? A test. Dis watermelon head lookin ass didnt tell us about a test.
Smart girl! I just joined an organic co-op for the spring/summer-looking forward to organic produce all season!
Do you use any cloud storage services? Which one do you prefer and why?
thanks for #ff...wasnt that an awesome superbowl! love the #Giants!
Why do I feel like I'm always doing homework?
Baby I know a place where we can go, and be alone yea...
Have a blessed day everyone! Feeling quite encouraged on my end. :)
Our soft, cool and clean polos are the perfect attire for a game of golf! Now the question is, can you play as good as you feel?
I'm very confused, I thought your bday was the 18! But Happy bday, may God bless you in so many ways. I love ya, xoxo :)
im selling REALLY NICE dresses for my grandma , ngl there nice... reply if intrested
jon stewart is fighting the good fight armed with humor and.truth. Wish everyone would listen to you
haha! This guy is so cute!
#IfYouDontHaveAMan Think Like a Man is waiting for u if you're tired of being lonely
Got Talent!? Stop in and play a tune at open mic!
wow u r too nice!!
Hey mainstream news media with your bogus reports- let's hear about Obama's dope smoking years, who he smoked it with & where he bought it!
fuck both of y'all lol
just had a nice din din with mom n dad now its time to enjoy some zoom salad
when in doubt, go with answer (C) lol
#JustBeingHonest I don't like to see tweets with bad relationship advice.
gonna go jeans warehouse in a little bit :)
Oh, for sure. They're hardy bikes. Very popular around here - not surprisingly, seeing as how they're from here.
'tis true. Sleep and I don't hang out much.
Great article. I am a big offender...oops
cousin mahone just followed me ^.^ <3
Cancer Fact of the Day: Most men with testicular cancer do not have a family history of the disease. Get checked.
Well, if you want to see how the '90s was, you just need to watch "Reality Bites" and "Singles." You didn't miss much. LOL
HA :) Good Luck!
Rudi is such a cute name. N'awwwwh.
you would be ratchet with a construction cone in your room, lol.
thanks for the nod!
Where all the dope producers at ? Send those beats!
just making new friends!
Messed up my knee pretty bad tonight :'(
Hahaha you're good at all!
there's more where that came from
Still trying to figure you out?
this weekend was one of the best weekends of my life! Im sad that its coming to a close but hopefully Ill get to visit again soon!
ths little #sect #revo is what #US is relying on. We send insurgents to join in and exploit it.#ArabSpring=prop:(
Movies are the reasons we have such high expectations of relationships.
All 3 are on the Dodgers....playing in tonight's game.
Great show at the Rogue, Worrymen, and Minor Injuries were great, see everyone in a few weeks at Hollywood Alley!
awe! Well maybe you can get them taken!(:
I cant let this prom shit worry me but GOTDAMNNN !
RT : Go Phoenix!! Beat L.A.! I love my OKC Thunder and anyone playing the Lakers lol :)
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 1 days.
That's so Raven's Dad for a comedy show taping on Friday, 4/27! Tix are free-get them by Thursday in JH 405. Hurry!
I work today dawg. do you want your stuff?
cant wait to see how that reaction works at Bonnaroo.
New freddy krueger doesn't look as cool as old freddy krueger
The event is quickly approaching! Will you be there? #chillorlando RT
couldn't make it to Chile 4 summer skiing, what else was left 4 me to do? %/%/%/ <- arial view of checkout line at Ski Swap.
choc what do you think Jack Rousch thinks about the Penske deal
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
Zimmerman takes the stand
Happy birthday Marines. You're the reason diplomacy works.
ah! Too much social media and too little time! You know I'm a facebooker at heart!! Let's catch up soon, big hugs
Pins and needles in my butt
So do I!! Only problem is will have to spend a couple of hours in the gym afterwards!
But does it really beat "Faster Pussycat Kill Kill"?
Just had a very gross encounter with a slug.
that's when you knit pearl & shit
The thing about communications work is that everyone thinks they're an expert.
"...This should be open, because its civil rights. This is the 90's".
Separated at birth: Lionel Messi and Steve Perry. Fan of the former, not so much of the latter.
Gettin drunk as a fuck. Love you guys.. Keep keeping shit real.
day two of nothing but on my wish I could explain this one.
I am so bored. I feel like catching a late night movie
at scenic Lake Starnberg for a friends' wedding and it's raining + freezing cold - bummer! :-(
yeah I think the nano is just not sensitive enough.. not good for my classes where I have to stop & play music often.
#CUBUFFS are gonna win this game!!!!!
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Protect yourself at all times <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Happy Jonas Day!
Wake now, discover that you are the song that the mornin brings. #eyesoftheworld Great morning song!
Im so feeling the new Camaros....A white one with hot pink stripes and rims would be nice....
Hey everyone Im making a justin bieber fan video! If you are 100% supporter then tweet me and join in!
Remember tomorrow's attire! Boys: red shirts. Girls: Pink shirts. Jeans, sneakers, or crocs. Nothing tight or open toed!
“: When you text me first with a smiley>>> OH WAIT I DONT KNOW HOW THAT FEELS CUZ IT HASNT HAPPENED YET!” chill!!!!
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone..
I like just about anything more than those two douche-nozzles. JC at least takes itself seriously.
New song up! "Shades of Gray" is going to be on our upcoming EP! Check it out at www.facebook.com/somewhereanywhereelse
great meeting you as well! lets connect soon
22 Motorsports for 2012 season. Allows him to test the CRF. Then test RMZ to make choice. A focused Bubba is a BEAST
Elaborate dinner night. Who's coming over?
thanks for the love:) stop in - we'll help you find the perfect pair!
THANKS and keep up all your great works to help those with cancer as well!!! :) All of our best wishes!! J
Yes, people are pissing me off. No, justin is not a baby daddy.
S|O to Lebron for not taking over the game...even though I'm taking the Heat for the series...
2day's update 2 our online dashboard is NOT in flash.That means iOS users (iphone, ipads) should get more functionality on their device.
told ya!
Okay I'm so sleepy I'm going to sleep but please keep make this as trending topic
Do let me know what you think when you get to it.
The sun on the ground is warmth on bare feet. What smell of plants? This time of year, here, it's sweet. One plant - licorice.
Looking at seeds catalogs is one of my favorite activities.
oh can you tell i haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke.
Mcalisters sweet tea
A little annoyed that Next Nature ripped off my piece *and* got my name wrong but… *shrug*
Thanks Stephanie. I checked out your blog. You guys seem pretty dope, too. Happy spring to you.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness. DOSTOEVSKY
sorry about that, we have to be pretty strict. glad the drivers were good to you. have you tried craigslist free section?
"No, not even I know how to play it" guy pitching Backgammon
": "Don't stress over what could've been, chances are if it should've been, it would've been."
I'm homesick! Need me some Pontchartrain!
4 months of growing out my bangs until they were almost with the rest of my hair's length for me to chop them all off tonight
you know, it'd be cool to have a 2 block U.S. History course. I think I could live with that.
Give me/my mouth/that's why/I am writing this
Thanks Bro-Chacho!!!
Downward trend continues! 196.8. I may have to set the goal bar a little higher at this rate.
How much more do you want to lose?
follow back?? (:
Wiesberger eases to title Austria's Bernd Wiesberger won his maiden European Tour title with a five-shot victory at the Ballantine's Cham
I LOVE THIS CHICK SO MUCH FUCK ME PLZ
hey, do you think jasmine would come to san antonio? just wondering...?
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "The Taking of Titties One Two Three"
Would be nice to have.... int i = 10; NSNumber* n = i; //compiler autoboxes
Stand by me, junto a mí
have a safe and fun trip!
The JTShow will continue to support Frank Straub because of his aggressive no-nonsense accountability enforcement. Hard decisions draw fire
i would assume that meriweather is in competition for major wright at free safety, #bears have chris harris at strong, where he is best
Waiting for the UPS man. Best kind of waiting! But also the most intense.
: Tnx 4 hearing the voice of socially conscious consumers! (& also, for not forcing me to give up my instant queue. Woulda sucked.)
Have an overzealous cricket looking for a date as a next door neighbor. His desperation is really disconcerting. Noisy, him.
& you continue to lie straight to my face . -.-'
Be sure to check out table at the #graylaunch!
Loretta Lynn's on Thursday, let's do this.
or my place. U choose.
Guys. We have the APUSH test tomorrow. LOL.
Great weekend stay, enjoyed your new amenities!
No means no... as in #CommercialFree NO spots AND FREE tix to tomorrow's gm! Listen to to win!
what? You should be ashamed of yourself haha
Gunna watch #ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction I'm scared. Haha. Oh god. What's going to happen >.<
haha i did a week ago! it was big too lol
Shout out to for following the real-live conversation and compliments about their brand. They just faved my tweet.
Rely on your own strength of body and soul
$82 to see Radiohead in DC. I am priced out.
17% of Internet users in Armenia still on dial-up and 16% are mobile-only
hi! Great to connect and thanks for the follow back!
your ipad app is fucking wonderful - thank you.
Google apps in libraries. #il2011 Boise state using google calendar to schedule staffing for reference desk.
idk, i just knew :')
Spending a couple of minutes on the internet before doing homework, then "i'll just do this tomorrow during lunch".
ill give u mine. If u want :)
200 a piece. We in a box
lol I'm sorry but hes mine(;
Ready for main event fight to start!!!!
"if you want to serve Him fully stay single: if you want to be like Him, get married!"
draw a majestic whale on the table with condiments
Should it still place the call, though? I think I used to just sent it to a random url, and it would at least place the call.
Thank God for that rest. I still feel incredibly sick though, but at least I feel better
Why the fuck that dumb ass E40 song stuck in my Head now Sprinkle Me
Found out I do have to do 4 more rounds of chemo. Thats OK! It is the price I will pay to give myself a better chance to live a LONG life.
Las Vegas Firefighters teamed with Sun City Summerlin Seniors to secure their new Emergency Rescue Vehicle.
I am virtually twitching with excitement...#MOBConf is only two days away!
If you don't end up fitting it in tonight, lemme know when. Ill tell them to listen around 7. Thanks man, cool of you to do.
Bring us an Angels plaid hat for our Canadian friend if they're still handing them out!
I just tried #reserve Kona and it tastes like bananas and coconuts. Definitely needs a summer pairing.
A full size white SUV on a pedestal behind the zamboni doors at this European rink....... Your move, NHL.
We have a new beer today. The Barley wine. This you have got to try!
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
neither can i.. What are you wearing? Haha
Cocaine is gods way of saying you make too much money
Which day works better for you, then: Sunday or Monday?
So excited to have you!!! I was jumping in my living room when the Packers drafted you. #gopackgo !!!!!
best boss ever.
"for a technology it's age" was the important caveat. It's early days for #semweb and it will improve with more work
Any good documentaries at #Sundance this year?
THX! So glad! Enjoying learning + sharing RT : Enjoying getting your updates, Halelly! :-)
lt was great - realized I was not alone on a journey w/ amazing women!!
Shop Chicks & Co. today & mention United Way and we get a portion of your purchase! Shop today 10 - 6 @ 124 Southland Dr
Does SL have an API or a way to make "widgets" like Captivate?
cool. I'm in B32. A bunch of my colleagues work in 33. So you're in earth science I presume?
WWMRE What would Mr. Rodgers Eat?
we gotta get a huge group together like the All Time Low show! :]
Haha Aww I'm sure you can get caught up, the 6th season just started and Alona is in the fifth season & in the 2nd season. :)
meaning in Pitt? I see u have ur location on.
I'm looking for a GOOD resume writer for a friend. Who do you know? DM me! Thx!
Laugh at Google's Duplicate Content Ban when You Discover
RT : Can't sleep...last few hours of study abroad. #unreal #cominghome-Cool! Please take a moment to rate your program at...
thanks probably the only February round I'll get in this decade in Ohio. Played well, lookin good for next season!
wen ya stomach bigga than ya ass!!!
Grabbed my , made it to Farmers Market, then home for last hour of It's the start to a great weekend.
should know that next friday i am driving to my new house in richmond
“: In the southeast Wichita, a large tornado is on the ground. A chaser saw it going through the Spirit Aerosystems area.
with all my soul
Laying on the couch watching criminal minds with Hannah. I've missed my dragon rider.
What's the word on the The Swede?
Yezzir. I really believed it. The injuries haven't helped + being down 3-1 is #missionimpossible. But, MIKE BIBBY BABY. Let's goo
Do you know a kid friendly attraction for children between 3-6 in your city? Reply to this post with a recommendation.
Is seeking employment. Interests are law, public policy, and advocacy. I have B. S. (Cum Laude), paralegal cert, & good press. Contact me.
I have literally been asking that since I outgrew my Wonder Woman set. And C-3PO set.
Answering audience Q's, Alex Trebek took a jab at "THE" Ohio State Univ. love it.
Latest Cheap Airline Airfare Auctions | Your Cheapest Airline Airfare
Younow with and ?? I think yes!!!(: Best part of my Monday's<33 Come watch in 10 minutes!!
im attractive? :o ahaha thank yu dee :)
We can feel it in the air, tonight is going to be another amazing one! Can you feel it to?
nah I think everyone's pretty upset!
Tune in to ABC tonight at 7 p.m. EST to see and I on America's Funniest Videos! We're finalist #1, "Tablet Trickery"!
because i'm ugly, and that sucks bc nobody likes me D:
See you there!
I miss you SO incredibly much. I listened to Metric today and cried. Xoxoxoxo
RT : You could go straight to DHWI from MLA. There is no chance that you would spontaneously combust after a few days.
Eagles change in philosophy evident late in draft and with UFAs. Took more risk on players (Bryce Brown, Cliff Harris, Chris Polk) than ever
“: 120 push press :) :) :) :) #crossfit” great work, and lots of smiles too!
I am so bored.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another. - Aesop
« When it's down to a relationship, #Aquarius could be stubborn because they've a hard time trusting people»
Going last min easter shopping !
Everything always goes by ten times faster when you don't want it to.
do you have a deathwish?
No, I have not. Is it one I should look up?
Quit apologizing because it's just a bunch of bullshit!
blame for making your keyboard too rock and roll.
The world might explode this Saturday. We will finally be finished with tracking our new songs.
hay pretty ladies. ;)
You're smile can make me smile no matter in what mood I'm in.!
the quality and depth of your sarcasm is unrivaled. kudos to you fine sir.
I did p90x for about 45 minutes. Everything hurts.
Senate Approps to hold first full committee markup Thurs.
Enjoyed showing Doug Seebeck CEO of around & Belay. A great org if you are interested in business as mission.
I hear you! Thanks for the folo
I love degrassi, whats the buzz on the new episodes???
Looking forward to the movie!
hopefully coming to your city this fall. Follow us!
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
Agree 100% SF have the absolute #1 view...but the one I like is an architectual marvel in my eyes...I couldn't stop looking around.
the streets of harris park that place was so 6 years ago
"O Captain, My Captain!" Big Red Sox fans here @ InHeritage, thanking Capt Jason Varitek (retiring) for all of his championship service!
@ lecrae I got you in prayer big bro.
“: I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.”
The result of taking red eye. Its 2pm EST, I am still in PJs and suit case is still 3 ft from front door
oh I'm sorry lol
Note: ALL TFOS Dinner Tickets are SOLD OUT! If you didn't get a ticket, there's always next year :-)
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy! She is nothing more then a JOKE!
Sometimes I Just Want To Copy Blumenkübel sad keanu prancing cera Leeroy Jenkins All your base Are Belong to Us #meme overload
sometimes I really hate being the youngest on my moms side
's LIVE shots on today looked awesome! Crazy fun!!
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. ~ Woody Allen
Trending hashtags are still useful for big events or catastrophes - otherwise they do attract spammers looking for spotlight.
I'm talking we need legally required background checks, credit checks, blood tests, conflict resolution classes before marriage. Alladat.
says I'm missing out on a great Twitter experience by not following the hashtags for games I'm watching. So I'll give it a try.
What are your favorite Greek wines?
For men & women who need domestic violence services, call the DV Help line at 1-877-863-6338. If it's an emergency, call 911!!!!!!
Alright, I got enough pictures! Gonna go make my background now(((:
Sounds like a great opportunity for some lucky person! The job probably comes with awesome co-workers, I'm sure.
« Shoutout to all my Ruskin followers»
what's up?
seeking input on web-scale discovery services: anyone willing to answer a few ?'s about Ebsco Discovery Service, ExLibris Primo, or Summon?
Pickle pig feet doee :-)
The future belongs to charismatic communicators who are technically competent. -Patricia Fripp
Most people don't realize that Chris Polk played WR for two years in high school. Power, speed and great hands, and he can block, too.
Just in time for the long weekend said the epub on my hold list was ready for download! Thankful for public libraries, good reads
yeah Dmo won that one
I could swear to god today was friday the 13th.
I love NACHOS... Gonna eat me some and have a top shelf margarita too!?
So was I.
tonight is La Pomme. We've been told it's a mad house on Saturday. Time to verify that.
Thank you Nick!!! Have a great day!!
Error Sloppiness and BadJudgement #jaimeDimon sounds like and HR PROBLEM..AND HUMAN RESOURCES CUTS A CHECK IN 72HRS..
no problem(: <3 i should b thnking you for changing my brothers life(:
O U TOUCH MY TRALALALALALALA O MAH DING DING DONG~
Great ending to a perfect day
blah is the best way to describe the day
Malkin had 4 PIMs & five (5) giveaways. No other player for either team had more than two (2) giveaways.
just to be a rebel! Draco is awesome and Slytherin is exciting :)
GUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE
is this some sort of app?
Every time you drink you think you run shit. News flash: not in my house.
My fiance & I just won a ton of goodies through 's Bridal Snaphunt. Many thanks to & the vendors who participated!
Good morning Alex <U+2665>, how are you? :D
Good morning! Btw the new haircut is bangin'! Is this a recent cut?
Nope, but I will now, thanks for the link! ARS is one of my very favorite music blogs, congrats on the success of it! :)
if im your smile your my cry
Happy Birthday Amy Ray. We're playing a set of your music now on WFUV.
Heyooo to you, too! :)
I love SD! I miss it. There is so many awesome things to do there.
Didn't get lucky with your lottery ticket? Here is your chance to get some cash! Trade your car for cash with us.
hi Jair! I am curious what you have in mind? Reach me at . Cheers!
. stay classy bro! Reading your tweets tonight is cracking me up. Do me favor and drink another!
Thanks for the shoutout! Loving the conference. Coming to South Africa in the summer (november)
you would!
First Gracie falls asleep on my arm, now my arm is asleep UNDER Gracie! The circle of life.
we do such things! www.imagine-pro.com in portland oregon.
I hate when people call me a bully & then talk shit afterwards
Oh, I think mix & match is harder to manage. But real.
When you #pitch to execs, remember the goal of a Network. | No matter how great your #pitch is, the Network has a schedule to follow...
I'm playing at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando, Florida 9:30-11:30 with Susie, TC and Mark
working on resumes/cover letters. I am just going to apply to all my favorite companies! EVERYONE GETS A RESUME!!!!
#17Demi When will you come to Argentina?? please tell me because i love you and i love your songs!!
There she goes, a little heartache, there she goes, a little pain..
hell yea lol Let's drop it round July 4th bro
This #green #coffee loving #mom is thrilled to find ceramic travel mugs on sale at #starbucks!
They should have a son day.
brown liquor and broccoli
You can't hide your true colours as you approach the autumn of your life. ~Author Unknown
I just loved the people who are blaming the ref, the full moon, the grass, whatever. We got out played and out coached.
Using #SocialMedia for disasters, AMPLIFY the messaging from a lead response organization
my 25 text votes (and I am not exaggerating) for Joshua paid off!
Considering going blonde again. Or red. What do you guys think?
. appears to be the case. Spoke with mom and kid today in person and their story holds water. Teacher didn't get back to me.
wonders what kind of talk Elway & Fox had with Tebow about Manning. Best thing Broncos keep Tebow in case Manning gets hurt
i liked u on facebook my name is devon farrington could u accept my friend request
Beliebers Hunger For Jerry!
Commit wholly to that which is holy.
He got me hot
thats my fear. I might just go out anyway and walk to the mall or something. Its only an hour and a half walk from here.
He has a movie premiering on Lifetime this weekend. I wouldn't be surprised if this was a publicity stunt.
Feeling much better!
Check out bidding war on 99.5 FM Wolf for Taylor Swift auction to benefit !
Soundtrack for madden 13 done.... songs picked yet ?
what are you watching
hey u are awesome i wish i can get your contact information or your email!!!!
"Again"? Keep lil' Tay. Every time I look at him I see your big head anyway so.
lies, lies, lies!.-.
_VeritasFilia yup as in the game! It arrived this morning and I love it already!.
Bout to get some Dickie shorts on y'all
yeah man that's what they said. My dad said you are a "squared away man" haha. We are at the Owyee hotel. what about you guys
- its fixed. Yea!!
Ed Sheeran is coming to Seattle in September. His album come out in June.
trust me, you couldn't look like a fool if you tried<3
got all my friends to get it and they feel on lovee!! :)
Support Live Music!! It's makes the world go round & round.
Sharing sympathy for friend , on the passing of the music genius #DickClark, he was a true innovator in the field. ^TR
Just sayin' a big hello to ! Hope the day is terrific!
I'm every weekend!! #seewhatididthere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles A Beard
Everlasting Tweetblocker --> RT : How many wonkas do I have to block
Just had a Georgia Mud Fudge Blizzard made with peanuts instead of pecans. Yum!
Sunshine, coffee, and trolling the twitter feed for new authors. Good Saturday morning to all!
Wow. Just attended a webinar so bad that I shut it down half way through!
RT : You too, thanks!
Must be that new plastic hip technology that has her up and about again. I talk to Atkins plenty... Over the phone anonymously late at night
No problem!
I wanna meet new ppl and work with many new faces !!.
Loving the feeling of the sun on my skin..
I come hme tomorrow
Thank u 2 for hosting an phenomenal #glc 4 me & and other great #entrepreneurs!
The sound you here when you put a seashell next to your ear is not the ocean, but blood flowing through your head.
Weather for Orlando, FL 83°F | °C Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: NW at 4 mph Humidity: 85%
Hello Wilmington
Shout out to for a great dinner last night. Always great food, service, and wine.
Will you be my Valentine? ;)
when do tickets come out for your tour? :D really excited about it <3 xo
Former Ga. Tech professor pleads guilty to lying - WTVM
Like it should
Ah! I love your voice your my favorite(: can you please sing all day by Cody Simpsion!(: <3 Sydney
RT : It was a record! Twins 9 hits: lowest total for any team in a four-game stretch in modern MLB history > Sorry, Twins fans?
GoodLuck!! Hopefully you'll get the job!!(:
Greinke with a big hit for the - first hit for any Brewer pitcher this year! Love it!
Better see some people there for my opening game!!
Sometimes the questions are complicated, but the answers are simple. - Dr Suess.
this movie is funny
Nowadays it's...I f*** the best. Really? Do I really want to dance to that as a guy
Im looking for a Positive Software Engineer/ Developer, C++, C#, ARM, Unix.... Contact me for me details. 832-482-5930....rgodfrey…
we lost to the lakers in 7, but the team was magnificent to watch. I feel your pain, hope you get to see something similar.
Bonnie is everywhere. Bands always tweet her back. Literally. HI BONNIE!
Oh, that's the best news, thanks for pointing out irginia is waking up!
Changing locations works wonders in a rut. NOT pulling a geographic, to be clear.
Thanks for the great company and mad skillz!
I'd like to be everything you want
I'll check it out. We could do a JR segment with u on May 31st show. Email me at jeff
Dr appt at 3:30. We show up at 3:10, get called back to room at 4:00. Still waiting to see dr. [...].
thinking bout it......
What makes what I do a little difficult--I'll say it--is that I'm the only teacher in the department inviting summer reading.
Thanks for following, Lisa-Marie!
You guys! Did you know I'm giving away a Tshirt quilt? Check out the blog to find out how to enter...
RT i need to take new sexy pics, im running out :-/ <> keep em coming
“: david gilmour joined roger waters on comfortably numb last night in london: well done Sully.
As much as it would hurt as #Bills fan, early 1990s #Bills would be intriguing. Bickering. AFC dominance. Star power. SB failure
What's good for the weekend DC? Tell us what you'll be listening to.
you are such a fuckin' girl.
i love that show!
IT'S SEXY OUTSIDE.<3
Off to school
Akinade: Great opener, on how to pronounce "Thane." He's from Nigeria, and pronounced it "Tain."
#ICantStandPeople who try to be better then other people and TRY to out do everyone
mom and brother are here. Rest of the fam is back there.
Will you be in LA this summer?!
yeah it qualifies for guinness records if they actually counted the number of times they aired it..
I loved you in Sunday's #Trueblood! I laughed so hard- you truly channeled "I Love Lucy" magic!!! You're a star Tara!
I can't wait for album to come out in the future... I'll be the first buyer... ;)
Pacers steal a win in miami
No anxiety attack yet, sweet. Finally coming home.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
Baby baby oh! Thought you'd always be mine.
Evergreen High School's Nguyen brothers are The Columbian’s All-Region Wrestlers of the Year. Congratulations!
lol I need a BB. Do u kno somebody who got 1
Like roses, we blossom, then die.
Dark Shadows creeped me as a kid. Still does. Even with Depp.
my bestfrieddd he is the bestt!(:
Today is not my day so far lol
my guess is it was a solo non-JA dateWG tour is 8.22.09 to 9.06.09 (fixed it and checked shirt)
It is time to worship the Lord. He is calling your name knocking at your door. Answer Him today in worship ttp://t.co/JrJi4le via
cont...raspberry habanero brussels sprouts, lemon pepper broccoli, spinach and garlic mashed potatoes, creamy maple butter sweet potatoes.
HEY follow she is nice
Thanks for the RT!!
GreenFestival A: () Get young people involved with people their age and also the broader environmental movement...
Great night last night hanging out with .....
Blues and I'll start going to MICDS hockey to watch Kyle coach:)
what contest
by new
I'm going to go snort some adderall and head into the office
today is your birthday? If it is then happy birthday! [:
let's be something, you & me. you know, as in like, together.
Ok my house is almost officially up for sale.. Anyone want to buy 38 acres of Central Texas?
Today I have www.Housecallhandyman.com installing 2 garage openers at my pad using $. Highly recommend both.
for the second time in a row -___-
That's what she said... BITCH
Can't wait for next week now!!
Kush Hour Tv *****returning July, Seattle get ready*****
definitely pumped to see you throw down on 's stalker tonight. Could this be the best Shore ep ever?
We are set and ready to roll for #ENTICE. Jumps off at 9pm. Get here early if you want a seat. NO COVER!
Murky waters...
#SalesBuilder goes Mobile! iPad or Android - your home shoppers can browse plans, sitemap, mix/match options/upgrades! See us !
Doc Rivers and Red bull my man. Experience and strategy beats youth when healthy.
just about contest time, any ideas?
& : paul rice is coming to ! super jealous it'd be really cool to hear him speak! via
Saturday... The best day ever made lol!!! & the fastest.
it will, because it always does...
Anybody trying to ride with me to Jacksonville tonight?
WOW! I haven't been on here in forever - Missed you all :)
school school school. -____-
I asked if we needed to call 911. You're our Old Faithful!
-sorry, but I don't understand what you mean by a "floater league"?
It is Sunday RT : Need to get my life in order
While there's life, there's hope. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
This brings back so many memories of counting down until my world 2.0<3333
Lovely day
getting bogosian back in the line up. Any team losing 2 star defenseman would collapse. Just look at Pittsburg.
you wanna collab?
Its funny how "World Peace" starts the most drama in the Nba
I have had three very engaging conversations with complete strangers about Harry Potter
Not this month. Check out truck for a frybread fix. RT : indian tacos are on the menu right?
lol...loved this tweet!!!
how can they b optimized for pr
Twiter Poll Results: Who will lead the heat in scoring? Wade = 53%, James = 46%, Other = 1% - What do you think of the results?
Hey Danville! Look out for our ETM ad in the Register-Bee this Sunday, 4/12.
Underdogs always rise.
you're so wrong for that! I'm wasting away here and you laugh at me?! Lol
good point. If I need something bitter I'd have a slice of bourdain.
M...seems simple, but we don't act like it as a culture, and certainly not right now...
lol "anal piledriver." Now THERE'S an answer
I'll let this one slide but only because it would be hard to enforce my rule from abroad... #takeashot!
Kodys Version: Move please..FUCKING MOVE! Aubrey: EXCUSEX-MOI Mine:GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY BEFORE MY...Kody: BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP <3
Thanks Tom! you're the best! and I'll check it out.
. CEO Martin Knott tells house budget committee of investment in company 5 years ago now a $10m Maryland company
Let me know! Flo is in StL nowRT : I am still going to watch them. I think we are going back to st Louis this year.
Tonight @ Jackalope Lounj in Milwaukee: DJs Why B, E Rich, James Dece, and Live art by Andrew Azad, shitshow on the danceflo' :]
Getting my T. Woods on but my outfit is so Rickie Fowler, pics coming soon
Very sad day... RIP Mr. Madonna :'(
where are you? I'm at Panini's
Overcome fear. Do a startup. Happy Easter!
If they cancel Awake, I'm holding you personally responsible.
RT : Good nutrition is important for quality of life. Improved nutrition helps w both prevention & mgmt of chronic diseases
what made you become such a Broncos fan?
yeah right lol
Mail lady rang the doorbell to hand me my mail and to stand under the awing till the pouring rain stops. All my mail is junk mail.
Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
where u at
- I'm glad you said it and not me =D
ohh so you see now and say goodnight
You're welcome!
#acehp12 Emerging Tech session pretty full!
Welcome to Twitter Jane. I'm having a great time here in Ocala working for Lonny. Good the last few days
Lady and the Tramp!! Teehee I love Disney movies <3
umm yea but i might take a break for a min im so money hungry right now lil bro
Just called my grandma and she answered the phone " hey good lookin". What a sweet gma.
Lake. Full moon. T-shirts. Very warm out.
APD shot another dog? Dogs bark when they are scared why cant the officers taze the dog why shoot to kill? I think they need Cesar Milan !!!
lol it's pretty cowboy centric but it's still fun once a year I guess. You a trip lol u & your Ebonics
Angry people need hugs (or sharp objects).
To much pressure to watch my Lakers and watch the Thunder cats on Twitter meow, lol
so does blake griffin have any game aside from dunking? seems kinda a boring player if you've only got one aspect of the game you do
You can follow us on Facebook, too! Search for Small Business Development Center at Eastern Kentucky University. Become a fan!
That double eagle might be the best shot I have ever seen.
Outstanding dinner at Inovasi last night! Thank you for everything See you soon!
Downloaded the app to watch but it's not up. :(
Only 113 days left until #nichemommy12 conference! Big news coming soon- make sure to get your conference pass early!
Happy Mothers Day!
so sorry, hope you feel better, soon!
I hope to see a lot of people at Proof tonight for the Network After Work event.
I feel u.. It's cool
Being forced to chill with the father tomorrow -___-
Thx, Be Great RT : Is the real deal deal download his free DVD I am
Except for what?
perfect, let us know!
Follow us on twitter
very cool. How'd it go?
Half of the kids probably brought their teddy bears off their beds , brung them to school , & made it like they are special lmao
No I am not. Leaving for biz trip tomorrow and have work to do. Love to connect sometime in Shoreline however.
Everyone gets to the point where they just stop caring sometimes
LET'S SEE IF SHE BIRDWATCHING LOL WHERE YOU. AT NO BUTT AMBER
What I'm wearing for the #Oscars? A plastic shower curtain and wool cap. Problem?
Remember when you use to call me "Amber" all the time. Lmao ...
Got outta work at 610 <3. Wonderful close
fear none, bear arms
thanks, followed ;)
I heard you just got pocket checked for your breakfast.
I'm speachless no one told me... Regardless I'm going
I. Know I am!
Happy belated birthday to #JonStewart you are the funniest guy on TV!!
Dang it:( I have 2 B @ Bham City Council meeting Tues. I guess I will have to catch U in DC:( I will be in touch abt "gift."
I went to Master Your Mind and Seminar of the Century
Me too PLZ! RT : Any chance I could get a copy? Pls!! Rt : Thank you... for providing a good syllabus #ngs2012”
RT #Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
": Roses are gray, Violets are gray, OMG. I'm a dog"
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid..now I'm kinda obsessed
Thanks, Kate. I left my knitting at my sleeping site anyway. First (adult) sweater! Are you going to Battledecks tonight?
Replacing old memories with new ones.
That would be a neat superhero talent.
damn i love tip money !
Thx + for making the #ConnectGens launch tonight what it was. Born in #Israel and matured in DC. Truly inspiring..
you are not cool
The first video is great! RT: "2011: A Year in Review In "Year in Review" Videos"
but you know if someone stated their opinion like that about justin you would be all over them, we all would
Our basset hound recently woke us up at 3am knocking over the kitchen trash. We thought the house was being broken into.
Joel big head ass just got dunked on lol
": Guys, if you like a girl don't make her start the conversation, cause then she worries she's being annoying."
Support who is honoring our vets all week by fixing up and decorating their homes in the #DC area
Enjoying one of my fav presenters at
AGREED! A photo shoot on the beach would be amazing :) and the high schoolers are still in school so monday should be good
return the keg?! No no we have a keg already- we just need to fill it up!
RT : Felt the heat MT : Spirit Airlines grows a heart - or felt the heat // U R Rite as usual, Scott!
aren't you in french right now?
My goal(s) re to 1. Live my dream as an actress and chart topping pop singer and 2. Meet One Direction
eFrontier for ebooks. Concerns that we and our patrons will be short changed. need to look for allies amongst private industry.
All I see is judin bacon.
gonna love watch you run like a lady
Brb x
Payphone has been stuck in my head for days! It is a pretty good song though.
On the phones or people you work with? Or both?
Did anyone feel like the subtext of the focus group bit was a big F Off to critics of The Help? Especially following the Spencer win?
That was the dumbest episode of Spongebob I've ever watched -__-
***PLEASE NOTE.....THIS EVENT IS FROM 1-7pm ON MARCH 24TH*** SEXY BITCHES RISE UP! Saturday, March 24th in South Beach, Miami Sexy DJs, D
Idk but I feel special when you favorite my tweets ^-^ <3 :DD
Sleep schedule switching everyday -_- #RiseNGrind .... Time to get it in at #24HourFitness ... LeeeeeGooooo
-thanks! You gotta be getting anxious yourself, eh?
Hahah I was a wreck. I hate speaking to my peers. XD They're soo judgemental. lol
RT : RT : great show last night u got a standing o,good shit!!
Well, that settles it. Praying for you, Brother Paul.
#stayawayfrommeif u ain't from my hood "The Number Streetz" hahaaaaaa let's get it!!!
Everyday someone or something reminds me why I have decided to give up ....(•_•)
take out Tuesday's ;)) - yezzah - lunch today Shlitz Park w
Playing at the Beverly Hills Hotel, Polo Lounge. See ya there?
RFT : When i was younger, i couldn't wait to be older. BUT THIS ISN'T THE SHIT I SIGNED UP FOR.
Happy Social Media Week!
"One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests." Go get it! Morning, Voodoo
I am so glad I could solve that complex engineering problem with a single tweet.
Just played tennis, I'm getting better..feeling invigorated:-)
let's do 5:30 then. I'd like to get there at 7.
Thanks for the RTs!
Hang Tough by Tesla is great bumper songl
Sometimes I feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> in this class
Will do man. As always... appreciate ya!
lol yes they do
I would have to hear the quality before i could ever refer anyone , but if you have stuff to show ill keep it in mind.
Sing a song about the Zartan, The only place I feel at home.
If you're lurking and want to join the conversation be sure to use the hashtag
you are welcome. *fistBump*
2 Riot cop trucks just passed, headed south on naito, fully loaded
Seriously, the dumbest fans in America.
Im in a tiny chat mod :)
no :o hm, where have ya gone?
I love being in an awesome mood then coming home to my cunt of a mother.
taking notes on this Jace situation for sure.
omg! I totally do! Don't worry, ur gonna feel like a new person I swear! Yeah he's taken over but u'll be back new/improved!
Also, for weekly picks, get 40 picks per 7 day week, for $150 (Only $22 per day!), and if we don't go 63% or better, get 63% money back!
haha I'm saying though Gee!
"learning outcomes" language should scare fewer than the "quality assurance" part. :)
Jason Mraz to visit Klipsch Music Center! Get your presale tickets April 12th at 10am!
Want 10% off froyo? Show us that you checked in to U-Swirl on Foursquare & we'll give it to ya! Mayors get 25% off. It pays to check in!
#only if i didn't like you, it would be easy to be around you!:-) :-)
Be aware of & smart about copyright, fair use issues. Don't let "what ifs" dominate decision-making when using
these are the Succos we all know...
Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses.
Glad to be speaking with county officials this morning at the Annual WV Association of Counties Meeting.
Dont worry , someday you'll find a guy who will smear your lipstick than smear your mascara </3
First day of 2012: Relaxed. Video games. And student loan consolidation.
I'm jealous. I'm so hungry.
Indiana Pacers are bosses!!!!!
": If more females would sit down and be ladies, then more males would stand up and be gentleman."
Why does #prettylittleliars seriously have the BEST music on each episode? Reminds me of the good 'ole days making The OC playlists.
find me on facebook (rayraystring)
So today and I were the only ones not absent. That never fucking happens, we're always absent.
The difference between success and failure is often not who has the most money, or the best education: its motivation.
Great FB page! Much success
I will not be pleased.
We are going to offer master classes. Get personal training in vocals, sound, prophetic worship and more. www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
I have not heard that- if the demand was prosecuted aka jail time the supply wouldn't be needed...
I was REALLY close to reading that fact instead
he will qualify, then we get to listen to ppl with baseless arguments like always. Like the NCAA favors us if he's eligible
unfortunately the farm team and the one that plays in Petco 81 games a year are one in the same.
Same way Lion, bless!
maybe by the end of this week.
Look at this stage and the scene here, more power to the local dreamer.
2day we will b in Cool Springs!7100 Commerce Way fm 11:15-1:30.We r parked in the back by the loading dock.check oout facebook 4 full menu
My bus driver sounds like Lina Girl!! Love it!!
Everybody go follow the manager
Wad up TWITTER!!!!! lol
you should stop drinking on the train
You are more than what you think -
aw feel better love.
Set a goal. Put together a plan to reach that goal. Then work the plan like a crazy person.
Nxt Tues (11/30), Happy Hour & Single's Auction @ Meridian Pint (Col. Heights Metro) @ 6p! Looking for some love? Well, we'll see u there!
le best fraaand is over. <U+2665> & we keep singing 's version of lollipop from their twitcam, nbd. (;
Patrick Ewing lived the first 11 years of his life in Jamaica, where he played cricket and soccer.
ALERT: coming today stay ready
Knock knock #michigan defense... Anyone home??
i was one of the people that said "A", I as well as the others that said A with me knew what to expect from mcgee
Oh, yeah. You're right. Thanks!
cuz u get older & they keep stayin the same age
Are you a fan of taking #supplements ( #whey #protein, preworkout etc) pre, during, or post work out? If so, what do you take and why?
I really want to go on a long run.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Memory Sauce would be an awesome band name
Maybe just maybe it'll end up happening? (:
Thanks for the #FF :D
If you have a 2gb plan on your iphone/android/Bb for AT&T. Text me up so I can hook you up with an extra GB a month :) 7863747465
yes, ma'am. thank you.
No need in crying at the end of my life. Just remember me right.
learn about #Peruvian women with who we work as a result of at www.shopmayu.com. they are talented knitters and #artisans!
I'm doing the Tell 'em Steve Dave scavenger hunt so I've been thrift storing if all afternoon!!
I sure will. Please let us know when you post the video.
Time for some much needed practice and recording today :)
good luck tonight at It's In Your Genes!
small bike ride in today and nice dog walk in today.
First in the MLB.
The rain is affecting our floor finish: we will stay closed until tomorrow after all. See you all then!
": thanks so much please spread the word haha ;L xx"
I am mobile tweeting now so perhaps I will now use Twitter more often.
yep. the maddening part for me is using jobs at all, let alone estimates, to decide an election after 17 months.
Today is a leap day. This means one extra day this year to visit the Museum! We are open 10-5 today!
ill look into a good trivia night- tho in the post smartphone era sometimes it's less fun
Flour is the herpes of cooking, it gets everywhere and everyone knows you have it
IMO poor on uthoff to say "I wanna transfer" with no explanation to a coach/team who wasted time on him, that's what Bo seems to want
although having a big, athletic body paired with Montero should be fun to watch (if he can finish)
chic cake was my favorite too! We should meet up for a Starbucks sometime soon!
great to see you last week @ brkfst..would like continue our discussion and connect w/your new guy.
what's going on my brother!
awesome!!! I do to. I use it like coffee...and tell people I simply cannot exist without it.
"What time is it?" is the top search on Yahoo. As a wise man once said, "I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
It's official...Her Campus Wake Forest is a chartered organization! Huge thanks to who started this process over a year ago!
Why do teachers insist on giving all these tests at the end of the year? #wtf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I have to be eighteen to buy superglue?
Had a better one last fall in Kbunkport. Found great donut place though! “: Must share the results of your lobster roll search!"
Always a good time with The Phry, they'll be back sometime sooner than later. Stay tuned!
will do!
oh. Mine Is about someone I like. Heehee
I totally put myself in a sushi coma.
Thanks for the #followfriday ! Glad we're a fav of the week. You're one of our favs too. Hope you enjoyed the rest of the event.
re reading. Curious about what you have to share
LOL #HoD that wedding cake didn't even look remotely real.
you were the weird one, i was just busy sleeping & your <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0092>
shit, Jacksonville's whole damn franchise has been on the block since last year.
draft??? im talking free agency. cant address og,rb,wr,s,and cb in draft. do you forget they are 40+mill under cap
Good showing on Chopped Chef. Can't wait to head to Nantucket with you to learn what cooking is all about.
just chillin,you? (':
And Atlas shrugged...
The half marathon is done! And now I'm relaxing.
work friday -_- i wanted to go to lineup, my job corny for that !
I Love You Too Bm!
Cassie -Me and you
had rad meeting with scott today regarding music video. Got dates set and nearly ready to shoot. Locations nailed.
except for bands and stuff.
We're on regardless of weather, as many attendees flew in and are staying on-site.
RT Got a text from Bobby Dodd. Looks like Coach and I will be running the RunBeforeYouCrawl5k on Saturday.
i just always Gotta be Rite
Join the discussion of teacher assessment with
I'm looking for a good Faculty Teaching Style Survey/Inventory. Any suggestions?
hell cheaaaa, seriously though. You'll love it. Such a good book.
So, this weekend I .... Was that enough of the story to do it?
Florida Blue, Baptist Health South Florida and Advanced Medical Specialties Introduce Accountable Cancer Care Program
I can't hear anything other than crying babies, people making dinner plans behind us and 's stomach growling.
#BoosieTaughtMe What it's like to be a real nigga
Looking fwd to seeing y'all today. I love to learn new things!
I really wish there were more cats on the Internet.
I done did followed him :) he's aa cutie
#FF to He's the oldest Soul of #OccupyWallStreet trapped in a young man's body. You'll love em ;0)
IM SUPER ! THANKS FOR ASKING !! LOL :)
And who could have turned among those I confide in? I think that I know what I haven't known yet
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
You still don't get it - lack of Office is 100% of what keeps non-tech prof'ls from being able to use iPads as travel machine.
chillin watching TV
Was it my swag. Was it my style. Was it my chain that make them haters go wild.
well idk because we had our boyfriend/girlfriend fight in the hall way today...dont worry i guess i still love you a little
Share links of businesses in your locality so that you can improve your business position.
Stories help us to celebrate life with the children we teach and offer them the dream of improving the future ~J. Mittel Stadt
Thank you Karen.
Tux shopping...
ZOMBIE MODE MONDAYS! Vape heated....Coffee made!
Oh.. Wyd now?
Lovin' The Beach Boys...and making sure my kids know these classics too!
All Dressed Up in black--to wear with a couture purse made in the 30s. They will be a perfect match!
TY again for help w/ upcoming Chillin' and Grillin
True Born Records n
ROTC trip to simulate mission in allied country experiencing civil unrest... country called Atropia
Time to get ready for the day! :)
Not having a facebook is weird, but i dig it.
Your profile background blinds me!! xD But I miss you! :P We never talk anymore. :c
Raeburn - Big data isn't about the buzz - its about taking data and understanding how it impacts business - build an information advantage
Best friends get tatted together
Another late night coding session. I can't wait to show how is taking to the next level.
Today is my 10585th day after I was born
I'm a first-timer at this year -- who has some good advice for me?
Mountains are my tranquilizers and my energizers
You should have seen the lovely boner instead.
wish I had energy 2 see my friends Acacia play Red Devil 2night. I am totally done 4 the night and have already switched to Sleepy time tea
Nothing beats the smell of wood being cut. The chair for #Rings (working title) is starting to take shape. - CC
maybe one day ill get a bestfriend.
I shall never use profanity except in discussing house rent and taxes. ~Mark Twain
Going to #SXSW? Are you a #community #manager? I'd love to connect!
yeah i <3
Thanks new followers:
so true ..!!! I know the u hear this a lot but I want to try at only once can u please follow me ..!!!!
I'm proud of my neighborhood. #Beechwold folks (& Businesses) should be proud of theirs, Realtors™ be dammed!
Mine does too! *Screams* RT : I mean, my mom will text "CMWYGT", and EXPECT you to know that means "Call me when you get this".
Scared because of
Just saw cola company's creepy firing squad ad. Recalled potato chip company's creepy guillotine ad of early 1970s.
"The Nature Boy" IC Flair "vS" Coming 2012...
The white cement 3s is a must have
Taylor Dayne didn’t look fat to me.
Los Angeles is where its all!
About to take Apple's Messages Beta app out for a test drive. Stay tuned…
Saw Frontline doc & wanted to thank you for your courage! Ill be moving to UK to investigate media reform in light of scandal
Anyone that buys and drinks that "Crazy Woman Water" is a crazy fucking asshole.
what flavors are you going to make?? Let me know if you want some suggestions....
Cannot wait to read Jonah's new book!
Sean saves the day!!
We can't finish. We need to finish. Ugh
i just wish she woulda bust it open for a real nigga
“: Garden empty as Miss St leads Texas AM in 1st game.” Not UK vs Kansas, is it??
#20ThingsAboutMe 2.) My best friend in the whole world is <3
Yes I really do!
Another odd #celtics ending...
thanks for congrats. Let's talk.
I love the start by the #NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
They're just jelly that they cant pull it off like you can ;)
Oh THEM! (PRO). I love them! This will be my 4th, so I'll see you guys out there, at the beginning anyway. Training up two noobies.
Need a couple slick fits for #June7th &
What does everyone think about ( 2 ) 30 cent beers with the purchase of a dinner or combo meal?
Super SoulMotor Stocking Stuffer Special - CD
how many g shocks do you own
RT : When faced with a tough decision at work, I ask, "What would Roger Sterling do?" [Smirnoff]
@ #losgatosbrewery what should I drink?
#ItsCrazyHow your bestfriend can turn into your worst enemy
Noted!! What about my liver?
Happy Birthday Too Mee !!!!!!
lol that USE to be my bestfriend
About to watch "the help" , excited...
yes, only it was Nintendo cables mixed with Jordache....
Summer is coming! Patio will be open, music playing - summer cocktail Bleu Velvet: Skyy, lime, blue curacao. DM for deets!
346 direct messages in two weeks. You got to be kidding me. Twitter is overrun by spam.
Check out our new website! We've pared it down to better communicate what we do: bedo.com
Yuck, its way too hot & humid out
No secret, the whales like it! LOL! Understanding relationship between product and those who use it is essential. Learning.
I HATE LIARS -__-
I would've slapped him <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> haha
If you need a refresher on building a website I have some free resources to help you. Free e-book and 26 module video course
Quote of the day "I want you to Transubstantiate inside of me" -
tv has you looking like a cone head lol
hey how have u been
Enjoying the killer #BuffaloTom at show from last fall - Can SO hear your laughter & Cortezscream
Dude. You should make a Ask Paris video really soon. They're funny as shit. :D
I certainly am. :-)
shout out to Jordan on 2K?.
Those woulda ended up as texts to you if you were actually awake
U scared to take it to the head
excited for my first #HFchat! I am a recruiter looking to network and help recent grads with their #jobsearch!
4 days left until the Coconut Grove Bed Races, Sept 5th www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344 will be racing.
Flash is used 90% of time. Windows media is also good for PC only use.
#sxsw Greenhornes after Jukebox the Ghost. Unique bout sxsw 2 c these bands in row. Jukebox youthful and poppy, n Greenhornes country rock.
there r soo many
Job hazard! RT : I feel like I need a separate tote bag just to get all my books to work.
It's always best to sit back and think of things from different prospectives than act off emotion
Chk out Hoop for Hope July 10. Ball 4 Real Street B-Ball Team & NBA Slam Dunk Winner will be there. Visit g3trinity.com
Charles chips a flashback to telemarketing at Tulane's alumni office and the chips being my dinner
thanks very much... I was blown away
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
no. I wish! Just a big fan who lives in San Fran.
Ugh. I think I have a cold... It must be this building...
Editing the Lazarus sketch tonight was brutal, yet fun. Dammit, I'm starting to enjoy editing. Damn you to hell, !
Tip #5: “Consider consulting a private clinical social worker, gerontologist, or other appropriate care provider." - A.A.M.G.H.C
Yaaaaaaay!!!I just won my one man monopoly tournament!!! bucket was it time out!!
If I ever shoot and kill a 17-year-old unarmed boy, I want a friend just like Joe Oliver.
That's a lot of people to get to sign your yearbook.
yes, would listen.
Watching Life & Times of Tim. NYPL scene.
Funny how quickly things change. Literally, in the blink of an eye.
we'll keep an eye out, thank you!
On to Question
The contest is almost over!!!
true!!! It's not about how u start it's all about how u finish!!!! Whoever finishes hot usually rides that wave to the championship
Oh yes! It's time for me to exit this cave! It wasn't in the earthquake, nor the wind...but the still small voice! GET READY
balls! April? Unacceptable!
Handyman work outside today! Sun, rain, hail, sun, hail rain, clouds and on and on, but I loved it. OUTSIDE!
IM SO SORRY
Red Bottoms over it ALL >
Please no more Strasburg news.
to just move on. Thank you so much sugar, youre a sweetheart!
Voltron, He-Man and Waldo in same commercial, pretty cool.
Dubai UAE Customs... I'm free in a few moments!
I need to book a flight to philly...
I was wondering why my shirt was choking me all day and then I realized it was inside out.... Good thing I had a scarf on.
WASABI! do you like sushi niall!?
hahaha..and I couldn't get into the office chair because someone moved the stool AGAIN
Broke down on the New Jersey turnpike. No shows for us tonite or tomorrow.
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
enjoying listening to Sam the Cooking Guy on the DSC right now!!!Love your show.
I agree! You and are a minority.
Guys, I love MST3K, but not “sixty RTs in my timeline at once” love. That just spamming. Cool it, OK?
how bout that I wish she'd come clean too...
Had Carey & Bell met in Philadelphia before Bell's death?
I like to count how many I lose after a good lesbian tweet! ;-) RT : Ha, someone totally unfollowed me after that tweet.
tell it to Faux News---where it matters! I'd guess that the few who saw that post probably understood my meaning, no?
sorry no good shot. Gate is too crowded, but u can envision 5 red shirts in over-suessedsized proportions.
I wish I could say I remember you specifically, but I remember the hoops sessions well!
Sounds good, I'll call you this afternoon!
Thats the worst part
Not a fan of tonights game, but for the fun of it the Casher is putting $100 on a Michigan and OVER the total Parlay.
22, 914 new clients in two years? Limited geography. Want to know more? Contact me. Results that measure up!
tell me what you know about tomorrow.
i'm good you?
I keep having wedding disaster dreams. Ugh...
basically Palmer talked about giving Eck advice pregame, then they had a shot of the #nesn booth with Eck & Don looking miserable
I've seen it
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
sent daughter to college with no loans
YAaaaaaaay they made peace! Thank you Jesus! Lol I was nervous lmaoooo
Confidence at an all time high. Hah.
up here watchin beyond scared straight on a&e and this shit is too funny but real
"do you ever just watch porn and cry"
a monday night without #prettylittleliars is like a year without rain
ready to go home for the summer. much needed family time <3
In order to be qualified to run for president you must read the constitution, know all of the state capitals and give me $5 for bus fare.
RT : RT : Do you love Indonesia also?
Contemplating if I should just go home after my next class.
Go get Cake Fetish today!!!!
Thx for coming by! RT : Shout out to excited for new changes!! You're the best!! Can't wait for grand opening!!!
U and I both , welcome aboard RT : ah I love
"stay busy and don't look back"
wine after chapter later??
“: "A little of this, a little of that, she makes my heart go flippity flap." Awesome! ” <- THANKS
Just realized I don't have to drive to school until wednesday. Tears of joy bc I will be saving gas :']
Really bummed I'll miss the demo of SUM for a con call
RT if you love Austins accent.
How is it?
If you are in a profession you should be reppin it at its best.. I don't want my nails done by some janky ass hands
Sent calligraphy wedding certificate to "East End" of Long Island today - love that part of the world!!!!
#thistimearound on repeat.. Windows down..
I think you nailed that one.
Metro State is taking on Nebraska Kearney (men/women) at this very moment outside our window here at USTACO HQ. Come on down!
Nice day outside, major cold front on the way! I must admit I am looking forward to it!
Sometimes even a good morning text can make a persons week
No, unfortunately we're busy with our DC, NY biz atm...you? are you going to do any reports from there?
Saying "Oh yeah" when in reality you're saying "What the fuck is he saying!?"
Can't wait for the medieval fair tomorrow!
RT When I reach 11k followers 2 random followers will get a Cold Plasma Cream ($150) pls Rt
glad to find you!I KNEW there had to be an organization like this!I relocated to Ward 8 & want to open a business.Let's talk!
Getting ready to send out some NOLA goodness to 4 different time zones, 12 pies at a time... Thanks, FedEx.
we opted for the blurred line over the black bar. Would love to know what you think -- touchy subject
DFL lawmakers are pressing Majority Leader Dean for details of the GOP open air stadium concept that will replace stadium bill
This week is shaping up to be a crazy one. Deadlines galore.
It is and it easily gets stuck in one's head. Wasn't there an industry with that goal?
I saw their wedges at Nordstrom - they are too cute!
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!!!<3 #MAKEAWISH - <3
The lady in fron of me just ordered an egg salad sandwich with bacon
I'm happy with what we have..Idk I guess just our nfl team gear!
hahahahaahaha! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0> it's only a week scout we got this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
This fan is glad you're doing good! good luck on the continued recovery!
German food for me is always like an episode of Man vs. Food. Food invariably wins.
I wish FOB got back together. Fuck everything else.
MSU Go Green Go White Go State
Did Walker show up to GOPfest or is he scared that too many Republicans are against him too?
Hi Ross! Thanks for the follow and leaving our computers int he safe hands of our new neighbors on 2nd St
Love that!!! Thanks BigLee!!!
Camp electric orientation. Wahoo!
In Wooldridge Sq. from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m., volunteers needed to help paint the gazebo and mulch the park- music by Inside Out Steel Drum band!
i might, depends how much money i have on me haha. what would you want ?
gracias! Tell all your friends to give us a listen too!
Some members of the #Jaguars fan base believe Don Banks is wrong
My fave, too. We should stream it in the trailer conf room at lunch.
Lmaooooooo I love it
“: Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's an experience.”
Out for Tanning and drinks Love my Bitches!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxox's
I have big dreams. What I'm trying to say is that everyone in my dreams is fat. Its getting really strange.
I'm totally leaving work early today to follow the live blog about the unveiling of the
That was the best #30rock I have seen in ages. Might I suggest going live each week? And #Community was pretty stellar too.
has anyone ever heard either of the bands 'Chevelle' or 'Bush' ? I might go see them in concert tomorrow.
Modern day American Christians don't consider how they can serve Jesus, but how they can be served by the church.
Indeed I do.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby Community Band will perform their Mid-Winter Concert at the Strand today at 2:00pm.
: I can't do it this Saturday as testing my cart with the Boy Scouts at NPM! But I did RT so hopefully you'll get some peeps!
so any word about documentcloud and citability and attending the codeathon on Sunday?
In America, sex is an obsession. In other parts of the world, it is a fact.
easy don't tell me what to do! Lol
what will u do
I cried in glee because it was so sad and now im crying in new girl because it is so funny
Lets go Beltran !
To the portal
Thanks for a great training and for getting us started on twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
I had a zine in 90s. People actually paid me for it too.
So my aunty just came in my room to see what's wrong with my tv and she saw a empty mini Hawaiian punch bottle in my room and
Had a mini heart attack cuz I thought Bruno had a girlfriend looool
Where is online TV headed? What web TV business models will survive? What do you want to see happen? Join the discussion at
I LOVE how Alexa takes the time to re tweet her fans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> It's just something every star should do.
Feelin those t shirts. Gotta have sum Yeap
Hoping the weekend was longer
"a 'shot'!" hahahaha!!! was that an alcohol pun?!
I was wondering the se thing myself...
Not you for my Vegas buddy Kaeden.
is fiverr down?
The Colts are so bad they may not be good until they are able to draft RGIV.
I wish polyvore was my closet..le sigh~
we can never be alone cause we have our friends.. and finally, you ditch me like 6 time already, so yea
So glad we DVR'd the Sox opening ceremonies
Great day of interactive presentations & just happened to find a jazz jam at Wally's Cafe right next door to
He's a phenomenal player. I agree with those that say he would be better hitting leadoff again.
HZA LOLcats usually make me want to punch things. Am I heartless?
man i really hate losing things. esp my keys. SO frustrating.
Happy Saturday :) what are you guys doing today?
l0l well maybe i was a lil serious :)
oh. Yeah, I'm not sober, hence my foot in mouth syndrome. Hahaha!
BLASPHEMY!!! and it was online =P hehe
If you are a runner -- keep running! If not, start ;-)
no worries! Thanks.
trick daddy seen this n said "that's who U need 2 get at 4A single, tell him U my babymomma"
RT : Send us questions for Scoonie Penn concerning the Final Four and the Kansas macth up and anything else.
Just heard someone from interviewed on NPR!
#ChelseaFC Let's make it a Blue Day!
Have you checked out our Facebook page? We interact with our friend live on air nightly! www.facebook.com/dealshow
More people should sing out loud when they walk
you eat here and we're amazing :p
the whole Victorious cast is a big part of my life. <3 Liz is my world.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest. Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Haha only ones I take I suck at other ones Haha
Looking for pool cleaning services in Austin? Look no further than Crystal Clear Pools
RT : Home Field Advantage!!!!!!! Let's go Saints!
We're celebrating #Madonna's "Girl Gone Wild" Sunday night at with giveaways galore & a set by !
Heart breaker, amongst other things
Thanks for the follow. Had not heard of FACES before. I'll share with my gf who does therapy. Love Dan Siegel!
Couple of days at the lake... now it is time to get back to work! I have to kick ass at some meeting today! Wish me luck!
the second photo on your tweet deck, that one. Thought that's what distracted you Ann ;).
Good idea. We're on it.
Yeah, after that shot, I'd say Bradley's confidence is high.
Off to work...
Start Monday off right with some new pop electronica tracks from producer/song-writer Mark Okoh and I. The first 6 songs are new and we...
ha! Yes. Although she's from East Rockaway, but she was caught doing her thing about 8 mins from my parents house. Yikes!
Someone telling you they've never met a guy as sweet as yourself.
the piece is my favorite standard unit of measure.
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
wait, that was AC, wasn't it?
Congrats Yotes on ur Pacific Division Title
I'm ready to walk 2 miles... Not Now! But Right NOW!!! LMBO! I Feel Renewed In My Spirit, Like No Other... Just Absolutely Phenomenal!
thx! I'm trying to :)
Once a badass, always a badass.
The louder a GIRL plays her music… the more you know how bad the break up was.
airports are the new black
Congrats! Does your contract include a hair and makeup stipend? Oh wait...
Oml I'm thinking about canceling this party and just makin this move to Atlanta
you sure can say all. We can call it an 11 flavor tie!
I got two calls right after I tweeted this
U already N brodi, search "Koncrete" in tha request box...
it forces you to type in a way that makes you faster at typing- whether auto-correct is enabled or not. If I went the other way...
LI$TEN TO "FUCK YUNG" BY . IT WILL MAKE YOUR CREDIT SCORE GO UP!!!
very happy! :D
I can't wait to play around on it this weekend.
It's better to do it than talk about how perfect it could be.
Michael is calling for Mayor Soglin to try sleeping on the streets with the homeless. "I've for a tent for you, Mayor"
#Boston #realestate market is HOT. Make sure you have a Realtor buyer's agent to represent your best interests for a seamless transaction.
I say, your generation don't mean a thing to me.
It sure is! You should take advantage!
OH! What's the CueCat??
Alright, Cap Public Radio, now that is gone (which makes me sad) lets shake things up & give a show. ON AIR!
this fight tonight was supposed to be with pacquaio. But he didnt want to
Bitches hste for no reason
Good Morning everyone, I love when my day starts off like this. Nothing is out of the ordinary & no one is safe!
welcome love ya xo u coming to halloween at my house on sunday?
I still got clothes to fold up. "/.
With Google+ business pages - peeps have to circle you not you circle them - says
i love you <3
no better way to start a hungover Saturday than some
are you the one to send pitches too?
Moved slow as molasses up and down the butte, but for my standards (aka not slipping or falling 2000 ft), I think it was a success.
is retweeting myself the twitter equivalent of liking my own status on facebook? because if so i need to start doing that
Welcome to our newest team member Sadie!! Sadie comes with years of experience! She is looking forward to meeting you!!
follow me <3 please (:
how long does this sxsw app take to process the events? it's been 10 minutes so far. maybe i'll take a bath and it will be done?
Has your hand gotten any better ?
Heading to chapman university to be an extra in a film about Taft coming back from the dead and running for president again haha
I should tho.. Great high five??
damn son this world is grimey. glad your all g though homie.
R. I. P. Dick Clark. An American T. V. Icon... My prayers go out to his family. God bless you
No dice. I do have a meeting tonight. Enjoy the toddlers!
My favorite is the Calimocho! Can't beat Coke and red wine.
God is so good...Major moves ahead!....Hello World
YES! RT lining up October, November and December..... goodbye beach hello snow.
Just watched "Hoosiers" with Andrew... He didn't see me cry...
We have one in abq this Friday!
Thanks Adam!! RT :
I like that the only question they ask Billy Dee Williams is how he feels being the "token black?"
Listening to new gospel album 'A Beautiful Soul' while I wait for my car to be worked on.
Heresy! I'm going to have it on a bagel with berry jelly right now just to spite you.
Saw "name calling" clip. I got love for (he's brilliant) But reps a bastion of intellect & cool (he's Malcolm X)
That's a 3! Black Mamba!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail - John Wooden
is so hot today omg man
I understand your point, but as Ron said at the last debate "team players" are what got us into this mess
Smh. I'm effing hungry....again. I need to get snacks and whatever else. I can't deal right now.
Shout out to on the new member king win congrats
Glad to be back home in NYC! I'm such a New Yorker. I have a hard time imagining myself anywhere else.
so excited! Just rec'd the news that Ethiopian Orphan Relief made it to the next round in the Classy Awards!
I am DEFINITELY craving a caramel hot chocolate
this womack household will pray for your deliverance
Fill in the blank: The dish I crave most is __________.
Time 2 eat, lay it down, & watch some movies...
lesson: tech moves faster than Hollywood, be prepared
The late-60s Beatles would have dug act 2 of "Candide in the Sky With Diamonds."
I'm over here writing that shit
Yes! Maybe the Bass-O-Matic will sponsor Rush. #whenNBCthoughtslutwasfunny :)
84% of ppl see events & experiential marketing as impt/very impt to their marketing mix
Well ACTUALLY.... It's time to perfect the pat down
Gah, my hair smells awful. Maybe coloring was not the wisest of Friday night activities.
Enjoy the last night of the long weekend with Happy Hour!
Man up, buddy.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 7
whoosh, ran a 7 min mile after a full body work out, I feel Great !
Nice job there. Why is Nate hitting here?
You know your bored when your playing scramble with cheez- itz and playing temple run
I'll be the downer session. Just wait!
Back to the base, everyone accounted for especially the two patients. Minor lacerations to the thigh and head, however sever hypothermia.
- Glad you enjoyed this post. Thanks!
Thanks to dedicated volunteers like my aunt is celebrating her 50th bday today!
haha. Where are you from?
Right! My character must have a cape!
I can relieve stress with out smoking weed :)
Y do bitches get mad off of comments, like u toldem 2 pose naked n pics
if you insist on being an ass, don't be surprised when you get fucked
I'm going to be home in 3 hours
hahaha no way?!?!
Life is so tough...sometimes we need to learn to let things be in our minds but we dwell so much..
Answer = both “: Big headache or big steal? The Rams select North Alabama CB Janoris Jenkins with the 39th pick. #SIDraft”
Marlins sweep the Giants, bows her head in SHAME.
#July4 Weekend: Hosting a John Adams DVD party Friday - Monday. Great inspiration for today's #Teaparty #patriots!
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 1:06:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Dear Followers Please do me a simple favor and go to Facebook and LIKE the Nola Guide for me. Please! Muah! xoxo
Today was a good day, spend my day with my cousin got our stuff for grouptherapy and edclv (: cant wait !!
Thanks for the Follow!
NO ONE is going to pick him up at $6 million.
GOODMORNING!!!!!! I hope you have an amazing day. I LOVE YOU
Good Morning to you!
How can I lose something from my house to my car?
i think i have to! i think we need to be roomies!!
oh yea I got u
Best Day I've Had In Awhile.
Or you can tweet us on here for the video, thats fine too!! :)
well u shudnt be
let me know more about this hun
and for you, rainbows.
Congrats to on the 2010 Tour de France win!
I trust you . I don't know why I can't get myself to do it . You'd do anything to make sure I didn't get hurt .. Yet I still can't do it .
such a good movie, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for tuning in, ToMM_E_P!
is lizard lick starting back up June 10
yea bro at like the end
should become engine supplier in
It is amazing to watch our fans grow to 1,170...we are ecstatic that you all have decided to be apart of the B-A-H Nation!!!
“You only live once, but if you work it right once is enough
I'm playing the Stephen f Austin hotel terrace bar solo at 5pm. 7th and congress. 2nd floor. Yew haw.
yeah I know but nah waste of money :p
homemade pizza, the best pizza you can't buy!
Hockey would be more exciting if they always played with two pucks.
GO KINGS!
I went on a date with my internet service provider. Not calling her back though. Just didn't have a good connection.
Im gonna cry.
You know of any E.T.'s that uses more then 13% of their brain or brains ? #short87%
haha I don't think so! I am not stressing myself out nope
You forgot to reply to me on that. Right now it just looks like you're talking to yourself. LMAO
hugs to all! We are thinking of you:-)
I hate going to school!!! I hate waking up. I hate getting ready. >____<
I love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in Boston this evening ...
My point is, "conservatives" like you wear that label like a Juggalo wears facepaint, but you don't have an actual argument.
I feel your pain. Today was no bueno for me either. Hang in there, we're so close!!
60 and rainy drive to work at
Can't wait! RT : Doors open in 30 mins for C&P ! Don't miss the area's finest as they battle for the champ title!
The electricity is so janky in this apartment, we've spent the past 20 minutes playing with ALL OF THE LIGHTS ALL OF THE LIGHTS
First mosquito bite of the season. Sigh. And so it begins...
If your two-faced..Hun well at least make one of em pretty(:
GO RANGERS!!!!!
Tonight's moon looks like something out of a Tim Burton film. Catch a glimpse if you can.
bring a doggy bag by the studio!
:O o I'm scared maybe I'll just stay here loool
I know you aint mad
sounds great!
As the smell of hookah smoke filled my living room it took me back to the days of my idiocy in a mideastern restaaunt, in my youth...
YAY! I can't wait! So much food and so many places to see !!!!!
turning 50 will help! You care less, or you forget more.
I need Youtube to get a repeat button
One last bowl of chili leftover for lunch today. Looking forward to it!
enjoying some music with hill song-shadow of your wings
Movin some furniture around uptown! and
My heart goes out to you!
Thanks Derrick I appreciate it
I'll find us both a marine while I'm there ;)
what happened to you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
HA! #LoveIt RT: #PIMPtipoftheday: If someone has rancid breath, tell them.
I'm cravin some of fye hot lemon pepper wings!!! Guess ill have to wait until next Saturday a L.A.X nightclub
I have received my first ever tattoo! It's for accurate placement of the radiation each week.
LOLOL it does!!
Lol bday presents are welcome for #rumdiarieshouseparty but not required . Just come and drink, dance and have fun !
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed..
Good morning. Time to get some "work" done!
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for your youth educational programs.
you so cute.
:)) now get Avery to get a twitter!
ok thanks so much and hahah i hear ya
haha totes he is dang sexy
ight I'm a see what's gud
Hi Stephen! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Let me get back to 2k. Gamer tag TASHI09 if you bout it.
Up too early, but since I'm up NIGHTMARE!
Up....think that was going to call me
Today. Yesterday. Yesteryear. Goodyear. Goodrich. Richie Rich. What's it all mean, really?
Jury duty update: They called my name.
I have a good idea....you should tweet me because it's my birthday! yeahh good idea(:
thank you so much. <3
I know..He's lost a lot of followers. He should do something. But he just tweets quotes..:/
what's your Skype name?
Doug mmmhmm my people are your people
have great trip!
easiest thing to say when someone tell something and yu dont know what to say !!
Now I'm just sad.
Wow....and that's just the first seven minutes!
start a game.
Supposed to be another beautiful day! Hunger Games tonight! TGIF!
Man I'm tryin to have a party this summer though
So is it spring or summer in portlandia today?
We make that flavor! cc:
When I started Twitter, i could say anything I wanted. Now I have EVERYBODY seeing my tweets..Never take me seriously on Twitter..
RT : An impressive spy fiction panel. Includes Francine Mathews! MT Who's Coming to LJ's Day of Dialog 6/4?...
Matched 2 and the mega ball on one of the tickets...
just got robbed -______-
I just bought a new pair of New Rocks yesterday so I'm ready! See if he's Djing cuz Jez is coming to town!! woo!
I'll second that....Hey gorgeous....
is the realest girl ever <3
Welcome back to work, Twitterspehere!
": hit me up. Gotta rap."----DM me ya number again fam and i'll hit u up. Or either check ya DM and call me.
Early dismissal!! #Yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I was wondering if someone would step in on behalf of Ron. I'm extra happy considering your political pref.
; my night = awful. ugh.
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease & #inflection. Get superior oral care & take charge of your health. www.closys.com
Good Luck Eleanor! :) We love you,!
Wiz went h.a.m.
Who cares about what these over paid actors are wearing while average Americans scramble for food and gas money
Girl at , "You order your bold coffee with such boldness..Ha! (I did approach the counter w/an aggressive bark)
Ahaha I Swear I Hate U Messy/Ratchet A$$ Females ,, Like Fareal Grow Up Bluh!
#Vanderbilt #AISAPSI Thanks for the shout out & for coming to the session!
oye....hit me up on Facebook chat. wanna show ya a lil some some. - Mendez
I love quiet riot
My TL is mostly me
up and running! Thanks!
yeah!:D
awww man I wish I could be at that! My jojo on drums + crawfish ..... Ah yes!!!! <U+2600>
The Other One > Spanish Jam > Wharf Rats is delicious!
RT : A7 issue with LiveStream and Vimeo is that theyre both 1-to-many, no interaction. Check out and
What! You miss me, how could it happen?
Next time! :)
Always looking for great event venues in the greater Sac area
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear [ the world is ending ]
Lebron's mouth gaurd says it all... (y)
Fact! Strobe is the best song of all time to run to.
So I just scanned an item on a network multi-thing, allegedly saved to my "user account", but nowhere to be found. Fine, machine, you win.
absolute legend...I'm watching the Will Ferrell episode haha
My husband: If big eyes make some animals appear non threatening when will they evolve to laugh at jokes? I would like an Ed McMahon gopher.
Yes! at amazing drinks and #food!
It's Saturday Here Also :D xx
I love to listen to Passion Pit when I'm feeling down. Their music always boosts me up.
Oh, yeah. Real life has meetings.
back on track in 2 days!
Enjoying some cold french fries from Lansky's. M.
Riots & looting in London, world financial market collapse sparked off in New York. Watching the news is like sitting thru a bad movie. Sad.
Come out and play with a sexi young brunette beauty!!
Rooting hard for a Wisconsin gut check by Nebraska
Going to nickelback? decided u made a bad choice? looking 4 smthg else to do? Say hi to me & ride the Mechanical Bull-PBR Bar,Xfinity Live!
New looks on the way! I love reinvention!
That's why I dropped out, and play guitar! - Alex G.
Happy Sunday!! :)
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand
Once you put your hands on me it's on like #donkeykong ! :O
like when they refused to accept canada's free health care so they left hours after giving birth... good times, man. Good times.
Just starting your communications planning? Remember to start with strategy
Set 1 goal for yourself:walk/run an extra mile, skip the dessert, cut down on portion sizes. #smallsteps can get you to your wellness goals!
Such a beautiful day today. Perfect time to bust out those Spring shades.
Trust that with each step as you place your foot out into the unknown the ground will materialize underneath you
AKA has changed hes story a murder involving This could cause a #deadlock or
where is this dream home you speak of!?
lolol, we really sat there and had an argument about whether or not tupac was dead or not haha #ilovejazzy (:
Keep dreaming. You never know what will come true. No e-mail yet, so first thing AM!
so glad that my comments are seen! #makesmyday Thanks! Look forward to the issues in USM and your posts~
Lol Wow he was so adorable back then :3 like a little baby bunny Lol XD and Im 17 You?? :)
Rick Ross: "Eating breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the same damn time."
Damn my arms are getting bigger and stronger
Stay tuned for an announcement of an upcoming open house.
Is it weird that I make crying CD's?
how much tht is
yes you should cause you only live once!!!
Talked to my work yesterday. It's official: quitting my job to go to Europe for 80 days this summer.
What up Drama? I was wondering if could send you some music to listen to man? 5Fold..Columbus, Ohio. Born in Younstown.
where can i buy moxa sticks? anyone know?
In my next life, I am coming back as Jim Nance. Best seats for the Final Four, best seats for the Masters.
take deep slow breaths don't forget to stretch legs. A suduko might help:)
Watching the clothes go by. watching the clothes go by. At least it's not Saturday night.
congrats!! :D
- have to go with Beetlejuice. It's a tough decision though!
The Kid on the path to
Have lots of #dekoonig paintings swirling through my head. Amazing artist!
I done had my share with it.
Back on twitter and watching Boy Meets World and the Masters all day
Love the snow this morning in #RVA. Remember if you do some shooting to over expose to keep that snow white and not neutral gray.
will u tweet me "hey gorgeouse" and make all my wounderfull wishes come true :) <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
#Heisrisen - Many blessings to all this Easter.
If you take pictures holding your shirt up and flexing, you're a tool.
Why does 14th smell like mulch, in the city I think that's just the smell of shit
You are on the rev lmiter today David! RT : There is no advertisement as powerful as a positive reputation traveling fazzt.
I love you ^o^
can't wait for Powers on FX.
12? When did they make that rule?
Shut up, no one likes you.
Playing some super monday night combat! Good work
#FF I miss you ladies!
Acting and interviewing people. It's my calling!
Jack Johnson tonight, yes
Had a great time at Kohls Design Center!
Hopefully im going prom shopping
here's a tissue!
Thanks bromo. You going to Meline's mic on Thursday?
yeahh (: anything new happening ?
this shit needs to end
Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called "friends"! I hate you so much no words can describe right now.
is AMAZING!
absolutely. great minds think alike!
How many feel they have a portfolio that is interview ready?
OH, is that's where you've been!
If anyone wants to start a new business, they can do so until 1/27 for only $5 up front.
My mom is snoring while Harry potter is on. My eyes and ears hurt right now -.-
BOYFRIEND *Boom*
How much time should we spend on social media websites? Is it valuable or just 'screen prison'?
What goes up must come down an karma is a bitch when she come back roun
Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us! Lots of #Gratitude #Blessings going around as we get ready to unveil the speakers
:( feel better !! Mish u
There are very few ways in which life could get better right now
I like when the Yankees lose
Update: It was cereal night at our house. My Hubby made a late night pan of brownies. So much for the diet!
"Play is our brain's favorite way of learning." - Diane Ackerman, Contemporary American author
RT : so interesting RT : Homeland EP on "star-f-cking" that goes on at HBO, he's glad his show didn't land there...
VooDoo strike first with a touchdown pass from QB Kurt Rocco to WR Josh Bush. 7-0, VooDoo lead.
From the moment I met you,everything changed.I knew I had to get you, whatever the pain I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile<U+2665>
Just found out the #In-N-Out being built right by us in Hurst, Tx is open! Guess where I am heading for lunch?
"we don't appear to be on the same page" #business / "you've had too many wobbly pops, let's call you a cab!"
Well it's so far away that I thought I would eventually get to it x) They were over $300 and it was because she bought an
Thanks for your kind words. I like the idea of mobile learning to teach responsible choices to kids. Execution is the question.
What you don't want to live the High Life? Guilty as charged I'm afraid...
cashing checks and snapping necks
Woody Allen wins best screenplay! woo hoo!
to me he was better the rose cp3 and Westbrook cuz of his style of play and that ring hate Boston but fucks wit him
UVa "Venture Summit 2011" was great
hey thanks for following us...
We don't need your money, money, money
A3) I try 2 keep business hours, so 8-4:30 I work. I ignore laundry & other crap until my biz To-Dos are done.
haha if it gets there first! :)
I really hope they don't need me at work today.. I don't feel like working
thanks, Jess for the #WW - and for your blog, which make me smile each and every day!
Mr. Orange's bill doesn't address charters & doesn't support DCPS's work. Can Mr. Orange name a curriculum currently used in DCPS?
TUESDAY, AFTER CHRISTMAS
great! Get entered into our amazing competition and win a trip for two in the USA!
absolutely! DM me with your contact info!
You think I never liked you but #TruthBeTold I've always had feelings for you.
Slowing sipping a Deliverance. Even with the 80 degree heat today, the blended BA Angels Share/BA Serpent Stout is just amazing.
J. Hickman's run in detail, we shall! Starting with Reed Richards...
REALLY nice talking to you. Now we're connected. We can keep in touch!
Just wrecked my physics test.
lol. “RT : Dr. Paul Q. Judge is a name out of Central Casting for a mad scientist, or a James Bond villain. cc #Pindrop”
hey we need to talk
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> RT : both of our Saturdays have been shitty. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I have a feeling I'll wake up sick tomorrow -.-
Family exercise is a healthy choice. This might take the form of a day at the beach a hike or maybe just some fun bowling!
Ewww jerks!! Fabian and Cesar are still my favvv
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.” <U+2015> Isaac Asimov
lmao you got me rollin lol! 20yrs old n afraid to stay home solo I smell bullshit!!!! I'm not gonna trip
is the most attractive thing I've ever seen
Change is going to happen, regardless of whether or not you want it to.
I freaking lost 4 followers sorry guys I wasn't on for a while cause I had cheer non stop!
Awesome!! Great training!! RT Off to swim, bike, run
had briefcase miss my head by an inch as careless pack the overheads dope pushed his case above me on a flight. Eight lives to go.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Mixed Girl #ThirstTrap'n!!??
let's hope he make that change, even a walk is ok
2 Finga's In The Air
LOL! I know what you mean. Until this year, we barely had one.
Better report me now then. LOL
You know we have had this Rapp-Coudert Committee or Rap the Coudert Committee, I do not know which it is. [1944]
(: listening to ur song,"born this way"
can't believe it is Wednesday already! This week is flying by!
Want to rewatch SECRET OF KELLS and blog about it. Can't till after midterms, sad day....
Ha! nothing motivates like guilt.
Enjoy life and it will show you more and more to enjoy. It will point out your desires of what you want life to be. It is all already here.
Good morning twitter
Where are all the smoothies in LA?!
#Excited Cant wait to copyright these tracks!
Every organization needs one core competence: innovation. And every organization needs to record & appraise its innovative performance.
"No being, no relativity or finality, exists except in direct relation to, and dependence on, the primacy of the First Source and Center."
is that dutch for "phlegm?"
AZ claims they "probably" would not be subject to prosecution.
Having A Wonderful Day ! :D
RT : Reframe librarian as innovation seekers & patrons as participants; libraries r about finding "ah ha's"
<U+E022>Casablanca<U+E022> *le sigh*
LIVE SPAIN-HOUSING SPECIAL: Barcelona 2 bedroom apt BY THE BEACH. Barceloneta area. 750 E/month INCLUDES UTILITIES. Email
I had maybe 26
Long day . Tired of stupid freaking drama . Feel as if Danielle is my only real friend now , <U+2665>
By the way, the 'Riches of a City' special event today is FREE for all. Still plenty of time to get down here & get your PDX history on.
that's "crime to do", "crime to do". If you haven't got the space, you have to empty the jails :)
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson said, "Monthly job estimates are volatile, imprecise and unreliable."
Can't believe this exotic animal escape is making front page news all over the country. How embarrassing Ohio!
they're pushing it with Sally, obv. Show waited 18 months to air and only moved forward about 10. She's worth it, but still
lots of tools here I hadn't seen before. Will check them out next time I am putting wireframes together.
Hope u have a great weekend!
Happy Easter (:
We're excited for tonight's #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement at ! Can't wait to learn who the lucky couple will be!
Eric McClure led away to local hospital on stretcher #NASCAR is said to be responsive
great party last night! Thanks!
The stars at night are big and bright....
perhaps something along the lines of your poor workload allotment does not dictate my course modification. ;)
Webcam Connects Newborn With Deployed Dad
- Make sure you bring your video camera! Its going to be that type of night
#actorsloungelive moderately talented dance group
"I am going to tip you so hard."
Robert Allen teaches the Emile Coue quote: "When the will comes in conflict with imagination, imagination carries the day" We'll help you...
I love you is 8 letters but so is BullShit!!!!
Bradley Center Ticket Office will have extended hours tomorrow! Open 10am to 4pm.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change. Life's too short to be anything... but happy.
masterchefs good.. But yer shows the best. Any plans for a a bizarre foods meets master chef contest show?
hey how have you been haven't talked to you in awhile!
man I miss the Black Butte Porter. Used to drink it a lot when I lived in Montana. jealousy out here in Indy.
Good point. I mean that the resulting apparent pixel size should be about 19-21px. But good call on the ems.
E.T.O.L.U. In t minus 3 hrs
Nice weather for a walk. Gonna soak up some sun and get out of this stuffy room.
the teenage years suck lol
busting out the clubs tomorrow with
no haha luckily i had my Republic with me so i got something done.
Done doing some professional reading. There will be nothing remotely academic allowed into my head for next 12 hours.
Time to take my book to bed? I could probably stay up longer but I'm getting a headache and I do have things to do tomorrow.
thank you Shuga!
I'm gonna miss high school /;
it has been 489 days since my hair has been cut any. May 11, 2012 will be the 500th day!!!!!!!!!!! #excitedness EEP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like seriously go watch the steelers game at home so then I can go home...
Thanks for the RT yesterday! How are you? Enjoying these great El P temps?? :)
Become all that you can through your faith.
ugh?! Wear gloves and use sanitizer liberally! “: My lead guest this Sunday - GOP hopeful Rick Santorum.”
holy crap l love ur pic
hahahaha, uh, YEAH!! <U+E057>.... U know I have no idea why ur talking about, right?
Ok BEDTIME. SWEET DREAMS :-) TOMOROW SCHOOL :'(
So Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and Happy Mother's Day to the greatest person I know. My Momma:)
Oh so lovely
Im serious ROTFL at &&
A big Congratulations on your victory last night
Tax Returns for Massachusetts Candidates Show Neither Qualifies as Average
Godspell! SO excited!! RT what show are you seeing tonight?
RT : Only in New Orleans does your electrician ask you to put his daiquiri in the freezer while he goes to get more supplies.
I know nothing about Hunger Games other than what I see on the TV ads - is it a remake of The Running Man?
O.o I butt dialed my gf phone -____- I hope it was turned off. Lol don't want er in trouble.
My god yes!
it (re: acting & the opp) but had this music opp too & didn't want 2 juggle 2 much. Single coming soon :) Thnx for the support
#NBA playoff time bros! #Orioles gave it a go but this one is done
I think she sings.
I'm amazed at all the girls wearing padded bras and make up to the gym. I'm holding the girls in & sweating my ass off. Go back to the club.
In this car its irrating lol i hate it
Good judgment comes from experience, and that experience comes from making bad decisions. ~ Anon
Brb looking at Jupiter
Caroline is not just talking about autism. She talking about respecting and valuing all people.
aw you know you miss me
um I don't know.. the pink one is really cute but personally I'd probably pick the black one.
Rams broke through...whatever..
Its never fun to find people its too hard!
If I were Jesus, i would tell u that yes;n part gays r born "that way" they got seriously defective genetics as a foundation n a sick world
I Love You <U+2665>
loves to tweet c:
Did NBC just play salsa after the Victor Cruz TD? LOL
PJ Walters now officially a #Twin after giving up all I those bombs.
Today was a weird day
Out of uniform for the rest of the week
Beez in the trap!
Please stop Following hes a sex offender.
in the mood to sing "Friday" noww..
thank you guys! I seriously cant believe this!
I am still learning to discipline my self. Self discipline begins where lip service ends.
Ride home in the Escalade limo, nice perk for working nights for the company :-)
Welcome in--thanks for visiting Balsan.
I haven't been this happy in a long time!!! But I can't believe I have to go back to school tomorrow already :(
texting someone first and they dont text back FUCK -__-
Excited to see Hands on a Hardbody at tomorrow. won us tickets at #ArtWalk on Saturday. :)
I just doing me bitches going to get chair to the face(:
who's Meow. U mean Neis.
I just saw a guy without a nose.. no lie. he had no nose.
Worth knowing. Always appalled by natl Fox's troglodyte stands on social issues. Thanks for the tip.
Well, that's one of them. RT : When you go threw a series of NO's your new favorite word is WHATEVER!
free Original Glazed doughnuts all day! Come celebrate with us!
i don't know, i wonder.
Best programs to learn to make your own films now? I would say Maya and After Effects. Premier for editing since it works good with AFX.
If you become a great rebounder or a great defender, or both, I can almost guarantee your coach will FIND minutes for you.
Thanks again to all of our wonderful volunteers who came out bright/early to the #WAKA WateringHole at the 11th mi. of the #Shamrockin run!
Mike Hall's gig as studio host for the Big Ten Network probably isn't his Dream Job.
followed bro! Good luck with evrything!:)
Both at same time. RT : Do the #Nats still play "Bustin' Loose" as the home run song or is it just the sub horn now?
couldn't that be said for a lot of people's clothing? (made in china)
Coffee! It's 8am!
Nuggs youth kept them in this game. Our inexperience cost us. Time to bounce back at home!
Tonight's Modern Family was fantastic!
"One Less Lonely Girl" Dream of all, lucky few.
MT : "The Confederates fell back in great disorder, and we advanced in disorder just as great." -- US Col. Cavins on Kernstown
Ready to go to school today going to b fun
": In class listening to Life be god" listen to us during detention too!! Haha <3
wow, it is hard to type juicy juice. i keep saying juicy juicy.
SAVE on on your budget. GIVE to your favorite cause. FEEL GOOD. That's Your iDeals!
looking forward to our breakout tomorrow night & will have a deck ready by midnight.
I don't really think he cares, My brother met him a couple years ago and said he is the exact same out the ring. Worthless
Just sent my MC's the tracks from my next release that they are going to be featured on. Expect to hear it soon!!!
“: I wish Waffle House would deliver to my hotel room.” lol. I love the waffle house!
Do you prefer to have your Lean & Green meal for lunch or for dinner?
GETTIN EXCITED TOO SEE OTHER SKEEZE'S WHEN YO GIRL IS RIGHT NEXT TO YOU
RSVP: Samuel Goldwyn Films
Fleury has now made two HUGE saves for the #Pens. This game could easily for 3-2 despite the #Flyers only having 9 shots.
I did my own eyebrows and I must say they look really good (:
Im so tired !
Im hungry
The sun is Beautiful !!! Now can you do something about the gas prices??? :-)
oh I also got tickled NON STOP today :( it was not fun!
Countdown begins just a few more days until Distro1 first show...
Hollie could have had a moment last week if she sang her 1st choice, "You'll Never Walk Alone", the anthem of Liverpool Football Club
It's a type of pattern. I would have drawn it better had I known they had an option to change the size of the ink ahead of time.
Hey , you don't stand a chance against Especially if all you got is the "you never played" line.
Rt if you love your TX fans :)
shit just to crazy...
I lived in Squirrel Hill a few years back and my wife and I have just returned (Regent Sq). What part of the city were you in?
Recently, I've been having the best Fridays. I hope the trend continues....
Yay! It's only a matter of time before the money will start rolling in! Let us know if you need any help.
along with our puppies Biggie and Tupac can we have goldfish named Streep and Clooney?
she's young. she'll figure shit out. if not, well....sucks to be her.
Lol NHL playoff games are crazy
Feel like I should get some kind of survivor t-shirt: "I survived the Scotty-O War Bus on March 5, 2011!!"
Better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text that i think i'm late text - Weezy
letz get it
Sometimes I just want to turn off my brain I think too much! Fuck!
We invested in uncompromising integrity that helped us take difficult stands in some of the most difficult business situations. -Azim Premji
Magic on the Piano Roll.
my knees on ten tho
OHMYGOD, GET IT JUSTIN, he is so fucking attractive...i just cant right now.
:( it was not funny lol.
I really like being myself!
I could go for some chocolates right know:).
Adobe's Elliott Segedah: Measure social collaboration on your site - users helping each other!
One #delighted is one too many, mate....
#ThingsGirlShouldKnow NEVER talk about your MAN to your FEMALE Friends.. Theyre gonna wanna "TRY IT OUT"..! #
Driving to St Michaels for r&r
I love the mother of my kiddos ! We would be broke, malnourished, unclean & lost as a goose w/o her! Happy Mom's Day!
Spent my 10-hour car ride yesterday learning the entire starting line up -- Go ahead quiz me!
#usysncs MS Fire U19B pulls out of tournament, forfeiting third game and making a shambles of the A bracket. Shameful performance.
follow me plz thanks
Is wishing 3 o'clock would hurry up! Just 3 more classes!!
Nice. Well done, you!
A pessimist is 1 who makes difficulties of his opportunities, and an optimist is 1 who makes opportunities of his difficulties.- H. Truman
awl ok watsup, what's your name on tumblr xp
planes, trains, and automobiles (in that order)...west coast to east coast in record time
Goo morning chicago!!!
WOW Really, WTF
did it look like Orthanc? That's what I'd do with $56m and a product called Palantir :-)
If you let me, here's what I'll do - I'll take care of you<U+2764>
ooh no then ill just cook I throw down in the kitchen..
#OkUPrettyBut can you provide 4 me and my child?
In north carolina, just a few more states til florida
Put in a sure starter to lead me for a fantasy win this week!!
justice for #TrayvonMartin truly sorry for such injustice.
MT Being told to expect an announcement of some sort on Jeff Casteel very soon. Could be as early as today.
We will have another live chat sometime soon! :)
How did I not know it was #BASHH tonight?
Sarah Palin looks really attractive in her 5" heels, but she should never be allowed to open her f'n word hole. Ever. Ugh.
Yeah. Sundance was TOO FUN. I think you'll like the movie.
Getting some chinese food and taking it in
Haha amazing! Enjoy yourself for me :)
More ukes for me!
is your new home in SD? We are looking forward to your visit to see #DomesticDisobedience. Nos vemos pronto?
absolutely! Create a marketing plan for your monument. How do you get your target audience engaged?
What's more boring than #NASCAR? Delayed
I feel like shit now woo we
I was mostly just lonely and wanted to share a meal. #hestillgothisdrinking$
If you don't care, why write?
www.beautifull.com The new site design implemented by Fluid launches! Check it out and get beautifull.
Josh hamilton is an actual monster
About to attempt to change the engine air filter in my car... this should be interesting!
Nice move but the reality is the WA AG is a paper tiger good thing the diamond guy didn't know
Partnering with FL Dept. of Agriculture on new Wahi initiative. Time for some Fresh From Florida seafood!
lol sorry for late reply but aw :/ but I think they will come eventually they know they have fans over there
9 people + and explorer + souther Indiana = amazing
that's it! I'm kicking you!
Could yu please help me with these history questions?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!16
Backstage we were all abuzz after last night's performance of the Brahms Piano Quintet. What did you think?
from checking in at dog friendly spots (dropped dogs off )
. 's ED Sylvia Garcia talks about TX leading the way in Latina elected officials-over 700 #webeatCA!!!!
our students are currently talking about proposed budget cuts
that's great!!!! Please contact Precious Little( VP)
Starting at Christys in 15 for #chmf....get over here!
Just got my nails done
The universe always supplies more than we can use. I am entitled to have my share that wealth.
I wish worked.
6 more hours to go.. 20 hr shift in the field is not easy
first and last time.. because you'll be playing the same game FOREVER
hahahaha what!!!!!??? Not a good combo!
If an NBA player is injured during the Olympics they have much more $$ to lose in their career than other sports.
Overheard on airport shuttle: "the surgery was successful so they were able to save her leg." yay! (hope she was worth it...)
You unfollow me because you're afraid of falling in love with me, I know.
The same person who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy, could be the person who cries themselves to sleep.
Odd how I start my Sunday morning...ice cream, chips and pop :D
Flonase with an Allegra or Zyrtec everyday...welcome to the south ;)
is available now for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services.
Just want to mention that we mentioned you on #NightvisionRadio because u r so awesome! Thank u 4 suggesting John Keel!
#nowplaying You Had Me At Hello - A Day To Remember. Probably one of my favorite songs ever.
Hi guys, #Shoutout to the coolest kid ever , go follow him, especially if u love Ariana Grande bc he does too hehe <U+E022> :)
or the magnet kid yes I choose them I'm cool with most of them they won't mind ;D
guess what ! i'm so proud of you! i don't think you remember me from last year, but you've come so far!(:
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
A growing number of people in the UK plan to cut back on their spending this year, a survey suggests.
Our favorite part of shoot days like today? 3pm = snack time.
I think it's great to do tornado warning drills, but when they happen to start just as the rain begins, it's just bad timing.
I'm thirsty!
Practicing in McLean today. The staff is making arrangements for our new intern dental assistants starting next week.
me and Can Get Pia To Notice You
Uh oh....I think I have a crush. *sighs*
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
No traffic in the middle of nowhere!!!!!
not sure if this has been asked before so I apologize before hand. If Sulu was gay who would he Fuck, Marry, & Fuck somemore
... u will ever meet;) especially in green bay..all I know is I feel #blessed to be a part of such a special and amazing family
Im irritated a little bit now.
Drizzy Drake --over my dead body <U+2190><U+2190>I<U+2665> THAT SONG<U+266A>
So every bar in town has a Tecate special, but does their special come in a long neck? Ours do! All day long
The fact remain..Mitt Romney only gives to his LDS church..NO community service among local communities!
One Direction: hott boyz making girls cockier since 2011.
We will be rocking a set tomorrow at @ The Haven in Orlando. We go on around 4pm.
HELLO TO EVERYONE!!!`
Wizards about to get that 6th straight win! Against the Heat!
i need more REAL males friends !
Why is it already Sunday?
We are hiring for part time community connectors ! Everywhere! $$
Thanks for following. Much Love & Peace to you and your music. Stay On Your Vibe
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
I think someone should buy me the Graveyard Girls book so that i can see me for a late xmas present
Business licensing is SO confusing. I've been redirected to like 15 different websites in 5 minutes.
lol wbu? are you doing anything this weekend?
She fat eatin all da food
things are looking promising for intros 434 and 435 which would reduce fines for admin violations from $1k to $250
Why does he have to be so beautiful!!!!! But then have all those scars -_- oh well. He seems like a sweet spirit.
and how did that go over?
Thanks #prodmgmttalk Great session. Good food for further study!
Call me an optimist but I think this CSI:Vegas team is going to solve this murder in about 55 minutes or so.
Is anyone participating in National Wear Your #Pajamas to #Work Day today? I'm curious to see if anyone is brave enough. If so, send pics!
Many thx to all who attended this morning's #BCAB2012 Vancouver, "Secrets of Powerful Communicators - Get, Keep & Grow Audiences," session!
and showed dominic her. YEAH the end. hahahaha.
Hey folks! Random Old Records is pleased to give away a FREE copy of the new Digital Leather LP Modern Problems, courtesy of !
I love you and your music. Just remember, forget the haters and live like they dont exist! Your amazing and i <3 ya!
enjoying fasting and enjoying. miss my dogs
South Florida cold front. When it reaches anything below 68 degrees, everyone walks around in big coats. We are so dramatic here. I love it.
people are cruel
im taking rhetorical criticism.. theory was a jolt at first.. but trust the reading smooothes out like them all :)
Might be fair use, but I think it does require attribution, which sort of ruins what you were trying to do.
just thinking about the recent debates between politicians/clergy, same-sex/hetero, republicans/democrats etc...
I apologize if anyone received a strange DM. Our account was hacked. Thank you.
Day# 1:Behind The Music Im up early going threw these beats.Working on the mixtape as well.Studio Time All Day. *Friday its showtime.
where's Larry at? I want my COOKIES!!!!
yes! What are you naming him !
U see who ur real friends are when u most need them , there aint there
ILike Better Just Cant Get Enough When Iconic BOYZ Did IT . TElling THe TRuth =P
You're welcome! Have a great class! [DS]
oh okay I was about to freak out. I hate English !
I had a friend who found the Forest of No Return but he's not back yet.
I have an In the Heights face.
When something funny happens and you're the only one laughing hysterically.
hopeful, yes!
Dancers today can do anything; the technique is phenomenal. The passion and the meaning to their movement can be another thing.
thanks for following me too. I have 2 girls as well, 9 & 5. 5 yr old has multiple FAs (pnut/egg/soy...) EoE & few other things.
Bustin Sherlock's and heady tings in the stu!
Are you going to name them after famous artists too?
lol I know, I couldn't even publish my workout today after that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
knock, knock knock, penny, knock knock knock penny. Agreed! RT “: it's hilarious!!”
Love sleeping with the windows open
etc. Who's up to hangout?!
I think that was the best at bat I've ever seen Recker have.
Farewell. RT Hatches between the International Space Station and a space shuttle were closed for the final time at 10:28 a.m. EDT.
I really don't care who wins but I want the series at least to be close smh
Yo dude ur the most LOW LIKE a DOG MAN! You're being such a bitch! I'm not fan of hers but damn even ?Dirty!
just want you to know that you've tweeted 64,000 times. Chill out maybe?
I miss you too!! <3
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Then Mike & Mike will dissect the NFL schedule release for 4 additional meaningless hours tomorrow.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm. -Vince Lombardi
What, I think you could pull off the cheesehead. Your accent has Wisconsin all over it ;-)
I better be. RT RT if you are attending a Warped Tour date, this summer.
This is deja vu all over again! #Bruins playoff power play is atrocious. Why can't they figure this out? Plenty of talent, but no goals.
a 15 point lead just evaporated down by the Mamba. Love or hate him You MUST respect him.
Watch the free UFC tomorrow at BW3 in south ridge or Timothy's bar on Quarrier an pick up your RCC tickets there. They have them!
#AnyBudget = #winning who's with me?
nice! I had to get my own coffee today. Ugh.
Mareese Speights was a completely black hole in Philly, but I like what he brings off the bench
I'm going to try and bring my A game back to twitter. Watch out folks<U+2755><U+2755>
RT ": If Pacers fans don't start showing up in large #s for upcoming big games vs Atl, Phil and Knicks, something is really wrong."
Headed to my kitchen on the water this morning! I feel so blessed!!!
I've been slowly making my way through #dragonage ultimate edition. I think I'm about halfway through the main quest.
All these people being hard on the Europeans have no conception of what it's like to be flat broke. Maybe they need sympathetic coaxing.
LOL, not with him, but someone got mad at me --misinterpreted one of my many jokes last night : ) Twitter is rough!
super lemony
CFSA has seen a decline in its caseload, but the staffing levels have remained the same. My question is why?
My favorite collie/lab mix has to be
Reef Commandment #4. NEVER collect conch shells with living creatures inside. Conch are endangered species, pls report poachers.
what's god
oh haha, im sorry im new to this againn
I know what u mean
thanks great! I feel MUCH better sugar and white flour free!. What about white rice for you?
Smile & let everybody know that TODAY, you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday.
Great to see you all tonite - loved the convo! @ Greg, please shout if you need anything while in Boston.
Food Fact of the Day: March 3, 1709 Andreas Marggraf was born. In 1747 he extracted sugar from beets and found it identical to cane sugar.
The Gators got in as a number 7 seed to the big dance. I hope they can get it together and pull some wins together.
Trying to make it In !!!...check me out : )) Buford
yo don't be sleepin on that / fluffy pillow
maybe you should make a helmet for all of them so the can wear em coming out of the tunnel during intros lol
FISH FRY FRIDAY!! $9.95 College B-Ball all day!! Suns & Lakers @ 7pm!! And of course drink specials!!
If you wait to be famous holla at me !
I've been dying to see in 3D but my mother says I have to earn the right to go? Fuck that shit
TY & Happy Hump Day looking forward to yer tweets!
my vikings on sunday night football.
What the contraception debate reveals about female power
Stay safe this Halloween Weekend, and be sure to wind your clocks back one hour this Sunday (Nov 1st) at 2:00 AM for Daylight Savings!
Can't figure why zotero isn't working. Shouldn't be any different if I login from work vs home, right? Says there's nothing in my library.
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables. Charles Stanley
Wild Horses, Couldn't drag me away
Had to go look at the book... I love the series title. "Myths Behaving Badly." :D
you do good now right? :)
let us know when we can see the trailer !
Yes, I know I "already said that" but I want to say it again.
You bet. Glad to be connected.
your a cutie ;)
It pay to play
Alex Smith, David Garrard, maybe a trade for some Tebow? Things are looking bright in South Beach.
haha nice! Yeah last night was such a mess for me!
my shoe game proper
Today in Literary History: On March 31, 1836 the first monthly installment of THE PICKWICK PAPERS (by Dickens) was published.
Carlos is on 1480am telling it all!
More thanks to for co-hosting and giles 4 being !
haha i know, i was jk (:
Besides hanging diplomas, art, family pictures, and certifications - why not hang articles that have featured you? Instant credibility.
"Whip! Turn! Tuck! Don't kick out." I should teach dance professionally.
Hey and fans in McAllen, Texas tune into Fox2 News now to learn about the Lean Belly Challenge!
cheer competition in tampa! tune in on ESPN, we'll be on! go venice viking warriors!
RT this of your also ambidextrous. I am!!!
thanx I appreciate it :)
Greetings on the Feast of Saint Theophylactus!
#WhatMakesAGirlHappy , that's what!
Who is going to Haunted Kingdom tonight? Biggest Halloween Party at Rock Financial in Novi!
I wish that some of my friends wouldn't hate me behind my back, and act as if nothinq is wronq. :( -- _LolSmileyFacex ()
The new Dr. Dog has too many words.
i love it when my wife sings. ;)
he also said "I don't make the rules, I'm a law abiding citizen. I just encourage you to pirate my music."
I really don’t see what the big deal is for a TX teacher to tell a kid to go back to Mexico. I tell my Dad the same thing every morning.
Survivor Time! so exciting
any chance of you coming out to Sacramento, CA??
I love me some KD. All day.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. ~Sam Keen
reflecting on a weekend of obsessively researching arctic sea routes: not quite as effective as a working AC
I hate having c lunch.
Loftus inaugural address: "Many parts. One body" exemplifies Stritch's commitment to service.
Today's goal: install PiloMine to see what it can tell us about #proust, and then maybe the Modernist Journals Project.
How's everybody doing on this frèézing cold day?!?!?
Reach high tweeps! Even a small effort can change your momentum from negative to positive. Why settle for just a small effort?
eoc this week omg im so scared and nervous.
What did he sing? ": Just had my 1st celeb spot at LAX Ziggy Marley was on my flight and I got to hear him sing"
Just know, they always come back.
oh yes!
can't you see that i'm the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me?
WHAT?! “: .. a local school district offers Rosetta Stone as an option for getting credit for World Languages! SMH Shameful”
Follow Me Please :D :D :D
But who uses bberries anymore? Out-of-touch parents. ;-)
listening to the civil wars is like breathing in fresh air
nice, enjoy it brother.
guys, guys, i think we can all agree our bullpen and offense both suck balls
What Are You Doing Tonight ?
how u been man...what's good with you?
I'm in great company! Thank you :))
#USAFellow Kara Walker supports Occupy Art #NYC Petitions for Access to Public Art Space on Canal St. cc:
“: #Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it Cheers!”
Totally. Matt Saracen somehow had an awesome loft in an indeterminate neighborhood that looked like maybe the South Loop.
Fuck leather jackets.
FYI: "fast" is only a good attribute for a NASCAR bio
Texas Has Shut out the Chicago White Sox 5 to 0
We'd like to point out 2 things: 1. Despite nearly 25K people at #ala10, we've not once broken the plane on trending.
": P.S. For fantasy soccer I can only have 1-2 Sporting players... Any help on my forwards? Pls?" De Rosario, Donavan, Keene
Wrote security monitoring story for Web Host Industry Review WHIR: Viruses spread by web pages increased 600 percent in last 2 yrs.
Tweeting from
Best name ever Stuff Smith and he's a killer violinist.
your funny. Why dont you do hate in Someone else
Hate Philly but can't help getting excited for the winter classic
How is everyone doin??Im bored sitting here watching my son play the wii game
Excited for tonight! Hoping to find a healthy option! Any recommendations??
So, I hear the dryer. But my wine glass is empty :(
Chillin in the #airport good thing there's a #bar can't wait to be home
Thought for the Day: "Action is the foundational key to all success." -Pablo Picasso
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
weirdness. Pittsburgh, I presume?
Emotions stir & cloud the feelings of the heart. Calm these wave in the stillness of
Wizarding World of Harry Potter next week.
but, i don't want to sleep- i want to watch roseanne into the wee hours. can it be birthday week already?
Just got back from oceans of fun it was fun now it's raining):
Dream big.
Have I told you I'm fasting for my physical this afternoon? Need food... light headed... consciousness fading...
I don't think anyone could ever blow my high. I always can find the fun when I'm high.
It's just rain.
10 dollar off wine night!!! Sounds good!
#sagittarius woman has a dirty mind <3
I like the data, I just don't think your cracking a case saying that speed correlates to 40. Of course it is, just not only factor
wish I could meet you! You are an awesome find! You really are a true real honest to goodness talent!
raw fish + rice + knife?
I'd be happy to
: I hope you read my fb message. I'd love to chat with you. (:
Peace out chicago, much love
Holding off on #TheAvengers until next weekend, so, today, there will be Pirates!
my health class was talking about that today haha
sounds delicious Bob, keep on top of that mise en place!
911 calls and dashcam video to be released...
We're installing a new, better antenna! We should be back on FM in another week or so, til then stream us online or through our app!
A sweet good morning and goodnight text every once in awhile would be nice.
Based on my calculations, you suck at everything.
I am crying watching Alaric die.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
you need to help me get to reply to me, I need advice about snowboarding!! Haha :)
you're such a fucking wonderful mom to your daughter.
me too! for a while we thought i wasnt gonna make 5ft, i was 4'11.5" for long time
thrilled. I don't know why I haven't done this already.
You displayed a lot of technique for someone I supposedly corrupted.
look forward to hearing about this one...
tonight is gonna be the shit!
Davis Cup sometimes doubles as launching pad Sometimes these hard-core individualists that populate tennis discover an extra gear in an u
definitely best Ts in
babysitting :( lol this kid is bad he is throwin his cereal!!
So i got cereal wth milk then i finshed it n my stomach started to hurt n then my mom smelled it n it was sour ):< ugh
Reznor told MTV all about hitting rock bottom by overdosing on heroin. If you can't trust MTV News, who can you trust?
me neither. I get my jollies from watching others lol
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK DOWN AGAIN OMG
This shirty steady sayin #teamnokids bitch you had about 5 abortions bitch u had kids lol seriously thou
lol dnt even get me started on thei battery
So many pics! It looks like you have the answer to one of our riddles! We'll repost it so you have a chance!
ahahaha thats the same for me
Nice. Im down, lets try and meet up this weekend..maybe skate Garvanza. Im going to be staying DT starting next week actually
u better know..don't make me kick u in ur knee cap
. Thanks for the RT. Can we count on you to join us tomorrow?
Ikea lunch!
I think Im going to tmobile then my dads taking me. But you're taking me home (:
This headache in the right frontal lobe area.. Is so not the wave right now. It's actually just a tad bit scary
agreed. i'm ready to sign on the dotted line.
Turiaf has been productive Spo, you gotta put him back on the court
Agreement on all terms and moving forward in a divorce is ideal, but a rare instance.
oh well... “: Can't imagine being on the east coast and having to wait until 9 for puck drop.”
Morning. Today the first rehearsals.
tom felt withered
Boyfriend just came on my roommates shuffle #fate I might cover it just so I can say #fondont & see who notices :P
Now watching funny clips of the Central Park sheep on EweTube.
i wanna go
Thank you 2003 NBA Draft class for reloading the league with top tier talent. Could have been real bleek without those guys.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
One more website will be launched today.. Stay tuned!!! A small hint...Cruises, Catalina Island and ocean.. :)
Our North Academy location won the 2011 Earth Cup! CONGRATULATIONS!!! We are so proud of your team!
Slip into your own skin today and smile....if someone don't like that, laugh
Don’t forget to submit your question related to skincare, massage therapy and stress relief to us by including #Wellness4Mom in your post
Good memories and good company. Pretty much sums up my night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's Wednesday. Chug more coffee.
#Kings in the Western Conference Finals. No one cares in LA because the #LAKERS are playing tonight.
Three auditions today...fingers crossed I book one :)
Welcome aboard and big fat Twitter kisses to , , ,
#summer is so close I can almost taste it.
The most productive thing I've done all day is narrow my Derby pick down to 3 horses.
thats what im wondering tooRT : The question is not if Nate McLouth will hit into the double play, but how early in the at bat
encourages his friends/enemies/acquaintances to follow him on Twitter
Anyone planning on going to opening weekend in Wrigley?
who do you think elena should end up with
I have a sweet tooth.
It's PULASKI Day! I used to get this day off :-(
hey NACHO! It's Dilley, quit being a nacho ! Thought you were Macho !
How do I apply for a job with you or your touring partner?
Nickys BIG BABY!!
you can trust me woooohooo
Damn shame
Doesn't seem like the scaffolding on the Wherehouse at Camden Yards is going to be down in time for Opening Day.
“: Male deer masturbate by gently rubbing their antlers against a tree or through vegetation.” ...Wow.
When you get your 2nd no-no like , talk to me. I'm 38 years old and I can no-hit the
I love
Finished first Facebook login integration into a code project. Only used simple features this time around.
What a dogshit penalty
Have you taken your bugs today? Probiotics help build our digestive immune system. I love liquid Nature's Life acidophilus in apple-honey.
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Lyle killed it on JRIB Friday!! And nice of him to mix in some sleeves.
ah! Ben I hate you!
just wondering what tales these stones would tell if they could speak ...
Yeah m out at marquee listening to DJ gareth emery going off.
A humble thank you to all SBN viewers. The new video had 300 views in the first day.
Carp diem quam minimum credula postero. ~ Horace (Roman poet).Translation: Seize the Day, put no trust in tomorrow.
Battle of the Bands today and it's FREE you should come.
that Laura Douglas girl on Facebook is a slut like damn.
I totally <3 Jon Stewart, but if you think Pesach is boring - you are doing it wrong!
you should see
nah pero me ire todo el summer
Looking forward to it. See you there!
Expanding the #warehouse one giant beam at a time!
how you doin beautiful?;)
you mean being cute (;
what happened?
Happy holidays!
congrats! But what is that?
i know... ive been busy
what does the mean?
I'm the designated table holder who forgot game 1 started at 5. Arrived late,got the very last table. Oops.
Hi Lori, was in Durban in 2003... thoroughly enjoyed South Africa!
#Health #Tip: Watching your cholesterol? Go easy on the cheese. Just 2 slices can supply 12 grams of saturated fat. EEK!
Oh my gosh! Thanks so much to Ben and Brendan from for your wonderful article and photos!
final projects & broad st run trump cinco de mayo celebrations, maybe next year i'll have my priorities straight.
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.-Napoleon Hill
Late registration is open until 2:15 pm. Start at noon, play until midnight, then come back at noon the next day to finish.
I worked #HeadStart in the past! Grew up near Pittsburgh across the river in OH and lived in Oakdale PA 2010-2011
bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls <U+2665>
Praise youth and it will prosper.-Proverb
- Hate Me If You Want , To Be Honest iDont Caree , Love Me If You Wantt , iDont Care . Either Wayy Im On Your Mindd , # Dakota&&Brittney.!
omg that's horrifying
and more than half weren't even official bfs. It was like a 1-2 month thing
RT : So many awesome sessions...so few time slots...
What ever happened to Drake Bell???? :( <333333333
thanks for tweeting this :)
Thank you I am getting alot better ;) I wish I was there too!
bra send me yo line
Great movie. I gotta see it again.
Picnic date shall be fun c:
the old name was our old singers and we didn't want to make enemies...
#SuperBowl On by the way for those who have no idea this is Cee Lo dressed down..
My Popz use to call a nigga yum yum eat em up lol remember dat
#5bestsmells when you open something new, my farts, the sweat from my ass flap, burning hamsters , a girls vagina after i destroyed it.
we did! #15 will be a biggie!
Wishing that #libraries would consider video games as a viable format and catalog them as such.
probably in the hood. Or try Smiths on Brady. Or my refrigerator.
If SOFT Spencer Hawes or Lou "pump" Williams are resigned will be CRIMINAL!
Loved the view of downtown, Naval Base San Diego, a cruise ship, and the Nimitz coming into Lindbergh. It's good to be home in San Diego.
Drink 40'S
your still awake? or are you up early?
WHAT ARTIST IN KC has new singles they need help promoting
Yes Ma'am
“: Congrats to Pierre McGuire on his nomination in the Best Sports Reporter Category at 33rd Annual Sports Emmy Awards.” this a joke?
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. – Michael Jordan
- thanks for the heads up - 1 of my favorite places to take my clients!!
I always clean my room and I never came across it just chuck it up as a loss........lol
i cnt right now im on following limit but wen i can i will promise
lmfaoo thanks for making me laugh :) Lolololol
I called you TWICE today!
Some men do what they can, others do what they want...
or at a lot of different areas? And if it's one area - which area would be best for a tech co-founder to be GOOD at?
": guns are the worst thing ever invented." yeah but what else would we use against the zombies
man you better stop eatin that
On the road to Colgate for the hockey games, Soul Man & Gimme Some Lovin' both came on the radio.
#dearyoungself twitter and facebook are going to be awesome, oh and buy some apple stock
It's Mirabella Eclano, a beautiful mountainous town near Benevento. It's a poor place but rich in antioxidant farms! ; )
Half the day is gone
Worst record is 40-120 1962 MetsRT : Through 4 weeks this season, Twins have won 6, on pace for the worst record since 1919
Skipped track ..
: Yes! I was just thinking about how much I #love those people -- #strangers and #friends -- who always keep my
Happy New Year
Wow, what a cool concept!
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
lmao don't worry about it, just pray they find something better to do with their lives, love you<33
I am chump
Slapping myself everytime I say like
pressure for a craving? When all else fails, mac n cheese
Thanks for the support and we're almost there!
oh, and you just used it too? #BothLosers #SkylerIsABiggerLoserSheNeedsToLeaveSheSucks!!!!!
That was the most Awkward #WheelOfFortune Episode ever lol
Miss your face Love!!
's house for the night
Wish I could hit the A wit my brother and cuzo - but my PO wasn't fuckin with the short notice
Some people follow others on Twitter only to harvest more names for purposes of spam; (greetings from across the pond!)
Adam Sandler is not being funny on #peoplechoice. Make it stop
auto-fill/correct strikes again. What can I say?TC=technologically challenged!
I hate when people ask stupid/obvious questions..
Finishing up the artwork for Fair Play dvd cover
don&#39;t talk to me what part od bye don&#39;t you understand?
that's great
ohh lmao. im showing my sister and shes laughing :) Lmao, there funny though :)
Hiah everyone I'm chillin today goin to read some IB stories yeahBUDDY!!! And as of right now I'm single SWAG yeahBUDDY!!! :)
you are special to me *bats eyes*
Bach melodies music to Seski's ears. Bring Seski calm before tomorrow storm. (Big Seski feet tired!)
Beckett is the bomb!
RT - wonders if it is OK to cheer for the #Jacksonville #Jaguars at the #Buffalo #Bills game tonight?
I'm watching our show and thinking of you! Do you know which one? Miss ya!
Music time...
Kfc running out of chicken
I don't understand when a fire alarm goes off in a building...get out. These people just sit there.
Just because im nice to u n like to kick it with u dont mean i want to fuk u!
Listening to a webinar about engaging employees in the information age
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
So many dust bunnies in the Guggenheim.
hahaah that sounds awesome!
A proper journalist stays awake his whole life. RT : A snail can stay asleep for 3 whole years.
to do with a $1000 giftcard? I would buy an IPAD2 to use with the Autism students I teach!!
Thanks for the follow. I love to communicate with people so far away.
Admittedly an 80s spinoff, allowing for tons of guilty-free laughs. Excellent comedy for a night of fun with friends.
Great for: Birthday parties, Corporate Events, Out door family events, Weddings, back yard bbqs, and whenever you want to have FUN!
It hurt so bad! Then, he just wouldn't cut me, & id get stuck on his socks. :( I'm so glad he takes better care of me now!
This brooks shit is getting old...i think everyone should just drop it... #justme?
Yep. RT Brands advertise up but people are looking down. #mobile Think about it. Even better, build permission.
i forgive you etsy my love!
thanks for that post!
tht was one time and i did purposly to fck witchu. yu came at me wrong.
Obama just became the first POTUS to support same sex marriage.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your Tweets abt our favorite city - Seattle! Stop in and say hi!
If had all his mentions sent to his phone it would explode in 1 second :)
Getting ready for band rehearsal wondering 'do people still go out and watch original rock bands anymore?'
we both just nodded and said "huh. yeah. I can see that..."
Good hangs with Beer, vampire movie and honest discussion.
Hey Stuff, hope to see you tonight . Stop by 117-J-aisle. Go Magic!
A special guest will be co-hosting ONLY THE HITS with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more THIS TUESDAY!
Outstanding effort tonight JH. D owned that field!
Still waiting on my Mare to Hopefully deliver twin foals. Only happens 1 in 10,000 births. Due anytime between the 10th and the 16th.
thanks for following me. Press on.
Starting to see shit clearer now. O__O
Grandma: You going for the heat Brother: No Grandma: You need to go sit at the dining table by yourself Lmao!! My grandma just snapped
I'm so sleepy, but I got my new laptop charger :D ayay.
Fun fact....Lemon cookies go great paired with Witty. I bet Santa would love it!
It's So cold out.
That's fantastic, thanks so much!
Bout to take this medicine and take my ass back to sleep
Never trust someone who lies to you. Never lie to someone who trust you.
and I've done just fine on my "own" but I'm very glad to know that there are programs out there for them!
Ready for my phone upgrade.
Corp email on my Ipad through the Good App is Great!
Was just saying how lucky we were not to lose power during the hurricane... When the power went out.
yes please pin away, thank you!
You to Terri, have a good one :)
The Great Gatsby is a bad ass book!!
Those DirecTV ads require me to eat an entire bottle of Paxil every time they're on.
Nah. Totally legal, it's how it's done apparently.
Simple tip to Avoid holiday weight gain: The more sugar you eat the less fat you burn.
Happy Easter everyone! Be sure to come check out our show this coming Saturday at the Clifton forge armory!
you don't really want my heart, you just like to know you can.
hello!! I really miss working at wws!!!!
yea, im pretty sure it wont last long, the one a while ago didnt either. They have dc compliments too...
Long morning in
I have to paint. It's what I do. Whether I sell or not. But I have to sell to keep painting. Balance. I'm always looking for balance.
People that set fireworks off in the middle of the night need to have their asses kicked. Seriously?
#Aries Embrace change and let your emotions guide you.
Can't type. Need a fill. Scuse the typo.
I wana talk on the phone tonight
You make me feel insacure about my high sir.(;
mca memorial week continues.. up next, paul's boutique on a 36hr loop
Ooh!!? Hello my old friend...
I have been to your theatre many times!
can you please follow me i been doing wht u r saying in your tweets for u to follow me and u havent yet :(
That awkward moment when you're in church and you find out your study hall teacher is your friend's grandfather
When?can't find any current info online.
Beergivr hates your phone, not you. Did you miss out because the code is a big ol D bag?
I agree! Wish #ASTD2012 lasted 1 more day so I could have connected in person w you & a few other key folks. Let's chat soon.
Happy Earth Day; how are you going to make a difference?
Every now and then, I fall apart. [turn around, bright eyes]
I Miss You Too :)
What celeb do you think has the best hair?... past or present!
I came up with a great name for a condom company. Kingdoms fit for a king
#LunchOutside maybe at alki at dukes?
State Board of Educ member Paul Lundeen testifying against multistate testing bill.
Joan Pratt is a separately elected official, not answerable to the Mayor.
I have been to 6 of them and all of them were amazing:) I want to try them all!!
you should post an article on your blog about companies in their situation... maybe a list not too invest in or something? :)
Our song is the way you laugh
Just one of those days.... Free Picks begin again tomorrow. All members from today will get FREE access next time we charge for plays.
Morning Mindbender Question: If you suffer from mageiricophobia, what are you afraid of?
Headed Home Had Fun Wit #Oomf Nw She Done Fell Asleep On Me
not being informed and not believing it could affect them (Head in the sand)
Well, it wasn't NOT awesome...
Got my prom dress! :D
So many excellent things going on in MKE! Things I'm checking out: Gallery Night , RW24 , & Radio Summer Camp yay!
I think I had a horrible fantasy football draft yesturday. What was I thinking. Just prayin chris johnson signs asap
« Many men will make the mistake of thinking a #Scorpio is a good follower. They are wrong.»
adults should not ride #megabus. Period.
Why is it so hard to find extremely B.A. shoes in vegan materials? Why? I feel like every vegan shoe is styled for hippies...
Excited about tomorrow!!! Brand new new line Silverflower Jewelry Designs and new restocks from Ttereve <3
Concert tonight with Frank London at Historic TIVOLI in #Copenhagen, #Denmark. Was a rocking time... 1000 people loved it..
Watched Lionel Richie on #WDYTYA today. Awesome show. Fridays are great with the show and Geneablogger's BlogTalkRadio!
Whats on my mind is me worrying about them succeeding in life and being able to make it on their own...
Oh look, Fascinating Celeb is on E! again.
one of my all time favorite games.
We're sorry you were disappointed, some of the doughs do spread less, but we promise you ingested the same amount of cookie!
love this tweet girl. preach!
What is not art?
Yahoo: Tebow is slightly less marketable than Oprah "YOU get an interception! And YOU get an interception! Everyone gets an interception!"
I suspect many of us had been waiting for something with the form factor of the Galaxy Note: big enough to see for more than calls.
what did I say?
for instance...how many championships are players x going to win, who gives a Fuck...just sayin' have a nice day and LET'S GO PENS!
i dare you to take credit for what i've done. you deserve every bit of it in a way.
lol i just call it how i see it
“: Today is Chris Brown's birthday. We are all celebrating by watching people beat each other up. Congrats Ike!” < wow...
I would love to be considered--Over 6 years of experience in restaurants & a year @ a culinary book publishers!
I never win as it is!!! Haha
Airport Flow <U+2708>
#NOWADAYS i get a haircut once every other week..wow
All packed up for the long early AM drive back to the #district tomorrow. Had a lovely birthday and week with friends and fam in
Vacation over! Back to work and to bootcamp with ! Bound to be painful.
as Josh may have told you, I hated wearing clothes back then
What would I do at THE Joe Louis Arena? HIT SOMEBODY!!! <g> (with much respect to Warren Zevon)
Well done Paul, well deserved. I hope Steve makes it back safely with trophy!
Thank you!
I like, but it was all over the arena...and I I'm pissed I didn't think of it first
Hello to all at the #edmeet chat!
Which Star Went to the Holocaust Museum in a Prison-Esque Jumpsuit? Let 's see, let 's see...what to wear the premiere of a film about th
uh oh, am I in trouble?
Wasn't concerned when E started conversations with her reflection. Should I be concerned that she now says her reflection is hitting her?
Wonder if i'll ever get noticed by ! x
Having a great morning of classes! Pulse is coming up at 10:30! Space is available..call us
Thanks for helping me discover that is dog friendly!
I had a really good day today! Looking forward to the weekend, though, too.
MPT Cole moves to ppd advisory committee item; even with a headstart, #atxcouncil might not get a nov. 2013 election after all
Waiting for the shuttle at the hotel for disney :D with my lil' sis. <3
Anyone have any idea where were supposed to go today for testing? Lmao
just made it on the inside at the naca mortgage fair. boy the AC feels nice.
San Diego Cinema Society screened #ActOfValor tonight. It's impressive work, completely gripping from start to finish.
that sounds like a great idea :P
aw soo cute
Who knows a good place to buy quality vanilla beans in Northern Virginia?
You did >:P RT no, you said that ;b
You will love Dallas! I will show you around, and give you the best RE recommendation!
It really doesn't matter what anyone else says, thinks, or believes; especially when God has already said yes!!! ~RM
the situation you are in may be a test from God to see what opportunities you decide to take..
There's a dude on TLC boiling and baking goat heads for dinner because he's too cheap to buy real food.
We knew that already.
me too that's why I wanna fight them I mean we thought they are they same and we are the same so its fair
“: #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Libra being right and ALWAYS keepin it 100%” No Doubt!
See everyone today at the Mayors Food Truck Fiesta Tampa 11-2
when you are a dude it's "leadership", when you are a woman it's being bitchy
so basically u sayin u let all your boyfriends hit raw becuase there ur boyfriend if thats the case u the dirty one
Learn to master the Kettlebell Swing, the basic foundational exercise.Single most important exercise for every human. Enjoy :)
My brains too complicated to think of something that simple! Next time, text me!
- any chance you can join me on my radio show today at 3:30pm ET? Plz email me at . Thx!
Thanks for the follow! Don't forget residents at Baltimore locations get a sweet deal to become a #BmoreZipster!!
William Beckett is perfect and you know it.
Morning beautiful world!(: and all the people that live on it!
: definitely! Keep up the hard #scrappy work!
In the final leg of my morning radio shift at Then tonight I get to act in a 1-night only murder mystery. Fun!!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 19, 2012
Why Thank You So Much I Feel Like I Have Some Support For Once You Are Just Spectacular Honey!
Went to a Pre-screening of The 5 Year Engagement and signed a confidentiality agreement to not speak about the movie until it's release :(
haha,random and y? :)
I love iTunes Match. Syncs all my music across iTunes on MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, & iPhone.Reject solutions: GoogleMusic, media server, etc
Glad to hear it turned out. Keep me posted on the dry cure!
no. You are never too late ;)
yeah yeah so's mine haha follow me? hannahmoss14 :)) x
Blake Griffin is proof that evolution does exist. Just look at him...
love it. thanks girl. i was listening to someone with some really backwards ideals earlier and that made me feel better hahah
The Bus Finallyy Came.. And Me ndd Sydney Are The only ones here. (;
I don't understand how Mexican soccer can get worldwide trends..........
Happy Thanksgiving dude ! Hope u have a great time with your fam !
Wishing you a wonderful Easter, a beautiful spring, and a song in your heart all year.
sent you a email
Listenin' to Offspring and Greenday as loud as I can til the kids get home..then I'll have to turn back into responsible adult :P
Good luck!
I thought the same thing.... i hope is okay... I hate seeing him like that./:
We had a pretty sweet one when I lived out near Pittsburgh. Though, I don't want to picture a Riverview that serves beer.
Hey I hope you are have a great Thursday check out this epic #protoss versus #zerg game on Blistering Sands
Just found my old perfume! I love smelling this good:)
So close to kickoff! Bands, are you ready for your closeups?
hope im not sore in the morning ..
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along. I think mine got hit by a truck.
Thanks for the follow! Just followed you back. Awesome to discover new music. Love the sound.
It's going to be 94 degrees tomorrow. Where will I be? In a building with 2,500 other sweaty teenagers. Life sucks...
I'm gonna make it one of these days! RT : Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30-midnight. $5
Radio AND the TV? #Party RT Who the heck is up right now? Anyone partying like I am? Radio and TV on!!
One of those days where after i brush meh hair , it sticks straight up.
Don't think about your competition, if u keep striving they will eventually drop out the race. Somebody gotta quit, just don't let it be u.
Lool damn I keep violating the dress code at my school every day this week. Mann fuck George Washington.
so I'm just sitting here wondering if you'll ever tweet me or follow me. At least consider it man?!
I Miss you lots and lots
"yes and no" says
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers hits four 2-run HRs against Baltimore Orioles Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton's torrid 2012
is a genius, I know. RT : WEATHER DISCO! <3
your Jose tweets deserve to be their own pay per view event.
I love you you are very very pretty
lol RT if any of yall dont like my tweets or what im about to do,feel free to step to me and say so. I be erwhere yall be at
lol! Go to sleep! Watching famliy matters :)
At work just thinking about the upcoming summer, lots of moves will be made. Vegas & Miami/Cruise are looking like a go.
thanx for the follow back :]
I. Am. So. Tired. Blah.
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
This Thursday...the AoTW is by... www.vinylhoursradio.com for more info
Did you make it Union Station for National Train Day? It was fun!
- um no. They're not.
Tip: Avoid menthol (coughdrops). It only deadens the pain. It doesn't get rid of what's actually happening in your throat. Don't damage.it.
- Good morning you guys =')
is not ninja
good answer #teamblake forever
what's good kid?
I'm surrounded by hypocrites.
What are your thoughts on the NFL Draft? How do you think your team did?
I'm very proud of myself! :D
Can you make a shoutout to me ?(: Ariel Smith(:
yes, you are that much closer to becoming a domulebrity! did you enter?
Haircut???? I think so.
Thanksgiving dinner with Jennifer Love Hewitt (picture not available).
wade fucked up
Happy Birthday Onochie! RT : RT ": The people I met this school year >>>"
Very well today, thank you. And you? Thank you for sharing today's post.
Two friend requests in one day??!!
Remember last week when I said it was eerily quiet in I was wrong. Today it's *really* eerily quiet.
Getting closer to completion on my project. Must work. :)
Just dropping by to show some luv..... How r yah?
Going to go see my brother tomorrow
Worried my cat might combust... he's sitting so close to the space heater and won't move.
ya gotta work through the bad to get to the good
So. The pupperdoodle loves ice cream!
and loves you.
My husband is actually the person handling it at this point so I will mention to him we've been in touch....
Hey there happy hour! We missed you. 4-7 Come see us!
New Jersey is happening
Awww I was just thinking the other day that you put me onto Jazmine Sullivan. Glad we can share good music with each other!
#Diet tip: drink 16 ounces of H2O 1/2 hour before a meal helped participants eat about 13% less
You can leave the door open, but eat outside, and insist you're inside
you should ask him if he wants help practicing!
Sad night. Losing a great band director after so long. Next year is going to be so weird...
AH!!! WHO'S READY FOR BELIEVE, COME ON LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE:) tweet me with #ReadyForBelieve and I'll RT IT Leggo <3
If the Higgs Boson gives mass to all other particles, it should be "everywhere"...so, why so hard to find?
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is Knowing who your real homies are! Friends come and go.You'll know which ones really got your back thru it all.
on my way to nyc to sing @ st john the divine & see palemale
That's a great dream to have! :)
This school year man has taught me a lot about myself and other people
Followed back!<3
Gudmorinin world I'm wit yellow gurl
Full Brace Face now
What did you do this BIRTHDAY weekend?
no problem (: xx
Haven't opened it yet. I'll Iet you know.
Starting a countdown before Yankees fans tell you that you're biased to the Sox because you tweeted that you like the food.
Boy: "Dad, I got a girlfriend!" Dad: "Nice! Atta boy son!!" Girl: "Dad, I got a boyfriend!" Dad: *loads shotgun*"
ma cherie amor was that last song I listened to before I went into work. Been on my mind all night
if u have to ask, u can't afford it
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." ~ Charles Horton Cooley
JJ Hardy's homerun almost landed on top of and I.
Get To Know Her (;
..and to everyone for whom Mother's Day is a big hole of hurt this year or any, lots of love. that is all.
Our ACM School of Music at 1758 W. Wilson currently has half-off special on piano for May if you're interested in trying it
"Facebook Privacy" is an oxymoron.
Glad to hear it! Thanks.
You know im always working same as you. RT : why aren't u sleeping in?
treat siri just like , just remember how far superior you are.
only if we can watch avengers for the second movie
Complete strangers commenting on my beer selection (Landshark). Mind your own Coors Light drinker!
I think we're going to extra innings. Oh wait, that was my revelation. Well, we'll see what comes up...
RT : one of my faves!! Throw just a smidge of dill relish in there stir it up and go! <3
when we start our team that's the kind of performance I will expect from you!
I haven't talked to you in forever
the old lady is smoking on that kiesha
RT : Ladies:: Here's a clue..When a man really wants to be with someone NO excuses will be made..Time will be made!
Inch by inch
Love hard, work hard, play hard cause life's hard but God is good!!
I wanna get a cat and name him Harry.
So done with school. I don't even feel like getting dressed in the mornings.
As of today Facebook iPhone app now lets you unfriend people while mobile. Wait, you couldn't do that already?!?
Watching what is apparently the end of the Eagles Football Season in Arizona.
A pretty girl with bad breath is like a fast car and no keys. Ain't going nowhere!
it looks great..I ll be looking forward to see it :)
Today the Red Dress Collection #Fashion Show kicking off in New York to support a national awareness campaign for women about heart disease!
What do these dumb bitches not get about being in a library? Stfu
yes they can be. But I'm sure there are emotions you do enjoy!?
These new rifts are tasty ;)
What is trending right now? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so share one!
My mornings are defined by red brakelights :-(
Damn atlanta
Thank you so much for your help. Truly appreciated :-)
Managed to connect a few well-placed Miss Piggy karate kicks to items on my to-do list today. "hi-YA!!"
what happened? :) did u skype with fans? i wish i coulda skyped with you :(
lol yea she doin my hair
Write on!
Watching the rest of Up completed my day
yes i am interested in them but i won't have the money till after modern warfare comes out. if you still have it i will get it
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours
Off to the beach!
So glad my bff Scott could come over, we had to have a serious temple run discussion.
Thank you! I'm happy that you and your daughter like the book.
The young and the restless & the bold and the beautiful are my shows ! (:
Interested in the Arctic? I'm now tweeting from about the latest AK news and info, along with other AK team members.
Snow level at 2500' on Friday?? Is it too much to ask for (fall) winter to feel like spring? I don't hate, but I'm close with this weather.
Best fitness advice for the New Year? Get excited about exercising again by mixing it up--Take a dance class. Play tennis. Walk the lake.
how's about some follow love for ?
Dear Kate Upton & Bryce Harper: you're both too young for everybody else. Just start boning already
Good to run into you outside Sliders. Keep up the good work.
RT : You have to add personality to your brand. Add that personal touch
I love that my 9 yr old is SO into this draft...plus he's got the New Era draft hat straight from Lambeau
haha probably pasta ;)
How do you feel about Taylor? Skylar?
my Serie A teams are Udinese and Fiorentina. Yeah. I'm weird.
I need to bring you your gifts
Unrequited love is no bueno.
Polone: How I’d Fix Disney
hahaha. Thanks, Belle!
Let's get #NiallHoranIsBeatiful trending. <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
M waffles!!! Pancakes are F$*#in Gay!!!
Someone take me to bahama bucks! And i'll love you forever! <3
No problem girl! (:
Layered: Fall coat + Spring Coat = Winter jacket. On our way to Omaha, playing Barley Street tonight. 21+
Great article, Stephanie.
awesome news! Go easy.
my daugher has successfully hidden my phone from me and left it in the sunny yard all weekend and dumped a glass of milk on my laptop!!!
#FF these Latinos in Social Media
thanks man! Hope all is well! =]
Hey yall....hope yall having a great day so far.
you and me both
wants to go for Mexican tonight. You?
Where you at!?
The Moon is a visible sliver out the window, $ is no issue unless U R a Mother &a widow, Dad killed n war You don't C, supposed 2 set U Free
Made it to day 2!! Woohoo! Got 80k in chips. Tomorrow starts at one. See u all there! :)
A new giveaway guitar will be announced later today. I think you guys will be pumped about it... Can you guess the brand?
Giants BItches!!
Happy happy birthday! May all your dreams come true. I hope you like this birthday tweet, I made it just for you! (: #HappyBirthdayJaxon ...
Whoa - that's incredible. I used Netscape to view it in.
Means Wordpress is more popular. :)
thank you for having us "Timeless' at your festival!
good dude and funny. RT Looking for suggestions for podcast guests.
I think i finally found a song that describes everything i'm feeling right now
RT : I just want to thank a few followers 4 being there
You're the bomb! Haven't been on twitter much.....been super ill. Have a blessed weekend!
It is so incredibly nice out - lets hope it stays this way for tonight's game!
Make a nigga rich
Tampa bay and atlanta
RT : "No parent should have to choose between a job and a sick parent." #momsattheWH we need SS caregiver credits
“: The second you stop chasing them is the second they'll start chasing you.”
Busy day tomorrow. Three meetings on Wednesday.
everyone follow she'll give you the best posts.. SHES MEXICAN!
& , how do I get in touch w/ the woman re: the LinkedIn for journalists training mentioned on todays #ncmewebinar??
Ha, thanks for that! You back in Chico for the holidays?
So I have no school today and I dont work.. Why am I up so early? Might as well be productive
Just saw #avengers movie great flick check it out
Friends come and go but real friends last a lifetime:)
I'm actually heading to the ale haus right now. What are you up to
It's so hard though!
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership who was the idiot to start this smear campaign #BeNiceBen when you should be saying
Stop talking in walk to walk
Heaven is a state of mind, not a location! This is so true!
Yeah, I ordered plantain pancakes topped w/ Cotija cheese :)
IN BLACK TWO PARTIES FOR THE PRICE OF ONE 9AM TO 6AM***** Special Guest FMI Mafia Dolls
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout X
I'm almost positive Austin got signed.
#GOP you want to do is change the subject civil liberties to other things saying POTUS just loves to listen to the sound of his own voice :(
what about Scorpio “: A #Libra will be very attentive, observing all of their surroundings.”
what happened?
We play tonight at 11pm Cleveland. Great bands all night.
not me tho!!! I living high and happy on sugar!! and not to mention out of shape!!!
I'm stressed that I can't keep up with this topic I LOVE - am i a Struggling reader (and typer) or what!!??!!
Sure! Just Add the soaked apples to your fav spice cake recipe. I use Fuji apples and soak them for at least a 24hrs. :)
Dear features editor, 'I was supposed to go home a long time ago.' Yeah, go home. Now.
all of my teams won today :D
Well it's official. I guess it's time to start using this account!
Got it all in with Ks10c vs 5s6s on QsJs9s board and lost a $3800 dollar pot.
you hate my kings dont you?
When you hire Lien Design, you benefit from an organic team of highly talented professionals pooled together over the last decade.
im boutta really diss both u fags
"I am nothing. I have to be hyperactive all the time to fascinate people enough so they don't notice there is nothing." Zizek or Canseco?
So proud of how well #ThinkLikeAMan was executed! I am so impressed with the writing and the cast. Just a fantastic job all around.
Opening day!
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. -Sirius Black
Who else is on Twitter? Are you following us?
:No actually, you are wrong. How is Wilders even comparable to those he is raising the alarm on? Seen Fitna? Doubt it.
is looking for a Progam Controller- EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!! Pays 75K. Email your resume to **
sending u something tonight lets get it in
I know that theoretically I should...but it doesn't seen to work that way. Lol!
People Who Wait Till The End Of The Year To Act Hard<<
I don't get it.
So nervous bout saying that...
H8 U, Chaucer. Especially the Merchant's tale. That thing is long as hell and I can't think of a thing to write about it.
I can drive where I want
omg i love your name
Agreed. I'm excited about it.
Being honest is never something you should be ashamed of...
2) Im not ADD enough to keep up with you people here.
you gon be at Tony room again???
Positive thinking is a system of beliefs. It's time to change and evolucionate to the globalization. Be positive and keep goals up.
I failed everyone to prepare you for a lifetime of inevitable disappointments. ~ A pessimistic teacher.
St. Paddy's Day or St. Puppy Day?! Join me on Chnl 8 right now for Humane Society benefit!
At what time you thinking?
She goe b NAKED (:
text me later or tomorrow then tell her I said hi !(:
I'm doing great, thank u for asking!! Hope u are as well :)
Epic weekend ahead!!
me to!
So quiet and eerie at the office - it must be
#IcantTrustYouIf I tell you "I love you!" & you struggle to say anything back. It took me alot of courage to say that to you ASSHOLE!
I am so embarrassed..I was asked to leave a place cause of the kids, its sad that I can't go places w/out a sitter. I cried :(
Your jokes are fucking awesome and that's exactly why MTV didn't like them.
It should be an automatic win tonight for the Angels...that should be that rule if the home team has bad weather. =)
I am looking for a Vice President for GolinHarris NY with Personal Care and /or Food experience.
tisk tiskk ...your nail polish is chipping....
I somehow have Missouri winning the National Championship?
#friday at #ClubSecrets and #saturday at #ClubISIS what else could you want?
“: #FitnessTip Want lower Abs? Leg Raises & Reverse Crunches” And a good diet!
Choose optimism. It builds your confidence. Believe that today will be better than yesterday and that tomorrow will be better yet.
Proof that people will spend millions of dollars on a HORRIBLE IDEA: there's a Three Stooges movie in theaters ... (cont'd)
ops... top of the 4th. and just got worse.6-2 St. Louis.
i thought it was being made by Sony ?
oh dear ipod where TF are you ? ;x
On my way to Cincinnati this morning for audition in feature film. In the convertible, top down!
Kick ass!!
Nice days like this makes me wanna take a ride on a Harley. Sigh...
Working out w/my boyfriend!
aw thanks for your kind words. I can't believe I'm anybody's favorite but it's so flattering!
Thanks, Lysa! :D
Oh , Good Luck With That ! . & iigh Cool Cool Just Hmu .
It was awesome!! The service and food was amazing.. we are going back monday, then going to look at Christmas lights! :)
but they're not 40 miles apart either. It's different I guess
welcome to the blog catalog network.
Zero tolerance for Hypocrites
I don't need to rub the greatness of Cuse basketball in anyones face ESPN will do it for me!
I hate biology. I hope it dies.
Do I deviate from the Michael Pollan rules? Sure. But I mostly go by them. Good to know I did even before I read them.
People that envy me all I can say is thanks. Waht Eva girls or niqqas say is juss shit tht pisses me off:)
I teabagged ur drumset": WHY ARE YOU SO SWEATY? I WAS WATCHING COPS. YOU TOUCHED MY DRUMSET BECAUSE COPS DOESN'T START TIL 4."
Are you in love or lust..? How do you know? Love takes it's time; lust is demanding...
Thanks - pretty excited about spending the summer with educators way smarter than me
Left is Right | Bitter Carla Bruni lashes out at France's national broadcaster claiming: 'It's left wing television' - Daily Mail
True => MT "Everyone can be a reporter; not everyone can be a journalist." -
i'm pretty sure i'm going
hahah, good idea. And I guess I should go with you, simply for observation purposes.
I feel just like I'm living someone else's life It's like I just stepped outside When everything was going right
why is it that when ever we play more than twice a week. we never play any of them.
getting my hair wbu
I don't think that gay sandwich will get old.
That FCAT had me sleepy
#Medeco - 3rd question: the ball bearing in the sidebar must be installed with it facing qhich direction?
Process tells us how. Purpose tells us why. Process is the purpose. Another #Alinsky crumb for thoughtful(or less) implementation
when is bacon day?
Thanks for sharing! Looking forward to chatting tomorrow about
"Optimizing Self Expression" employs the real mechanics of the mind, one of my ideas and discoveries.
Select Flogging Molly as the artist on Pandora and you have your St. Patty's Day music for the entire day. Promise.
hi friends!
New articles up!!! Get them while they are hot!
Glad we were able to help!
excitied to see people trying out twitter! had to block some spammers though.
#NOWFOLLOWING RT for that good ol' follow
RIP Barnabas Collins.
I'm jealous - I'd love to be there to listen in; glad you guys are live tweeting it.
So im gonna grow out my hair really long and get it all silver:) and then I'll just curl it everyday
The flip board challenge, always a fav. And loving the lever action
oh I bet! :) take tons of pictures!!! lol!
is now officially on The Kinetik Tour! Dates coming soon!
All I do is Lin Lin Lin no matter what.
Thanks for showing your support for the initiative !
Every day something new is being invented. These transitions should not cause you meltdowns.
We Must Have Faith And Our Dreams Will Become True!
That shit works. Same exact strategy I used on a teacher who screwed me over on a grade this semester. She's changing my grade.
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up "how do I print the online authorization form"? Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
So Hunger Games ISN'T about overweight children playing tag, huh? Well color me embarrassed.
I'm Lexi "The Love Dr."
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems
I'm long time D-Lister Radio Reme. I just wanted to say that your Wed show was great. That Ickey Woods intrvu was the best!
Happy Bike to Work Week! Bike by our stores on your way to work and enjoy a FREE 12 oz coffee or Cold Brew!
i get brain n the whip who needs a smart car
where is part 3??
Damn derwin and Melanie got fired from the game lmao
Seniors travel abroad without taking health precautions
Sending out another alert in the morning, sign up now!
Summer is almost over and school is about to begin.....who is still short funds and needing some help?
Bulls Baby!!
I have done absolutely shit today.
Thanks, lady! Miss you!
Yeah. I saw Chris Rock today.
Zero if you're using Nest! Check it out, super cool new technology to save energy and make lives easier
when will you answer emails to
Final Four! Thank YOU for voting everyone. 6 more days of voting begins tomorrow @ 7am. Thanks for getting me there!
Awesome, sounds like a plan.
the ap english test nerves aren't hitting me right now. i really should be sleeping.
This weather was created for lunch on the patio. Our patio. At least that's the word going around town.
Girl you need to date Koda because you and him look good together!!
Apparently every time I tweet I get a FREE iPad!
If you have a business you would like to receive a lot of traffic with. Check out our advertising page on our site.
Ah, enjoying my morning coffee!
so much tailgate food yesterday....bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops was only the beginning!
I went on one of those milk runs with you once!
i lovee you ... I wish i can meet you one day! You are awesome! ... Please notice me?
Don't get in trouble. Take our brewers# shuttle. Stop in for a drink and get a ride to and from the game.
Long time no tweet! Hope ur well!
You might as well go get your pro time in now while you're up!
YES please do that! We could really use that!
in Tuscan restaurant at Hyatt now
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Arkansas likes those former Louisville coaches. Bobby Petrino and now John L. Smith
shoe shoes the material of booze the moe you buy the more you lose!!
RIP Mitch.
How many people out there just want these people to go away,BO,Axelrasputin,DWS,Sebilieus,Carney,Biden and the rest of the admin...
"DON'T SPILL ON MY ROBE."
ThX 4 sharing! “: It's kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney”
u shouldnt follow....lol. might take you where u dont wanna be....lmao
happy Tuesday! Have a great day
I love how old people instantly assume I'm some ASBO teenager.. Do I really look like I have a gun?
thank you for inspiring not just this gal but the ENTIRE world, I can't even wrap my brain around what you've done & WILL do! XO
Everyone in courtroom waiting for verdict. Could be probation all the way up to life in prison.
I'm definitely the naked guy. I think you're the can't complete a sentence guy
ur next album title should be called "macaroni and trees"
Madonna is 53. But guess what #Superbowl and all you #manwhores, She will be 54 Next year
Great minds think alike. ;)
So cold in my editing bay today that I'm for once actually thankful my MacBook Pro runs extremely hot. [rubs hands above keyboard]
Stop tapping me.
A good friend of mine used to say, "It's a very simple game. You throw the ball, you kick the ball, you catch the ball."
pizza with green peppers can make a crappy day a bit better, i think
That was a tense standoff. Maybe. I think that's what the music cue told me.
thanks for following welleducator.org! Look forward to tweeting with you.
why is my neighbor mowing his yard at 7 am.
In THEORY, #ACO motivations more patient-focused than HMOs, which are cost focused.
Your Hercules to me baby!<3
so sorry to hear that Buck.
My favorite was the big doughy guy dancing for the dance cam in his jersey!
Special flowers delivered,sent by the most awesome couple I know & love makes me no long care about wind, tmobile, or being sick <3 XO <3 XO
That cut is particularly good on it!
Great suggestion, and thanks for being there for us!!! We will be there for you and your 3D madness for a good long time!
RT : Who wants to be mentioned in the new song I'm writing know? RT this message with ur #name at the end - Briana
Up on iTunes search Coach Carlos' podcast
#questionsthatdontgetanswers do you give head?
On-Site SEO means making sure that every part of your site is well readable to the search engines.
North Korea's missile launches were duds. They should have saved all that money and help feed their peeps instead
Can any of my followers give me there facebook link to add me as a friend? or so i can add you? Let's smoke...
No work today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I am so close to just going back to bed, so close.
shit. good point.
this song will play during the first dance at my wedding.
Thank you all<3 I cant believe that I have so many followers ;) my next goal is 2000 till my BDay (06/30) ;**
ICON DTLA TONIGHT hosted by , ft Int'l Playboy Playmate DJ Crystal Ellis & live drumset by Ms.D-Nice!
#waystogetunfollowed Maybe finding Waldo?
Thanks! Word on the kitty beat is two families offered to pay for the surgery and one family will adopt him. Happy ending!
Ah, Browns. 8min in and you're already getting killed. Just like old times.
Lol poor thing, what school you about to go to
Back from a great weekend in the mountains!
Omg so cute
Got a good feeling about my interview! I might be teaching kids sometime next spring...
Probably soul food.
Some fun tweeps you should know about this #FF: ! Now... Go get some sun, Seattle!
as an owner of the packers I approve of that last tweet
A true #artist thinks outside the box too many carbon copies that's why so many are failing and they say art is dead #beoriginal BE YOU!
what are you doin uo there
r u guys really comin to the US ???????
story of my life...
MT In former #Brewers news, reports #Mets will add C/IF/OF Vinny Rottino to roster
Monday, May 14 from 8 am-3:30 pm, Randolph Ave will be closed from Florida St to Glover St for work. Please use detours and expect delays.
We hope you enjoy the show! We've heard great things and wish you the best of luck :) Thanks for using ShowClix!
I went in and I dont even give AF...facts are facts!
Thanks, all! XOXO
New glee is on tonight can't wait
DC Saw Charles Jones on TV w Fenty. I thought felons could not comingle?
Ya...contemplating which night this week I'm going to see The for the third time.
#TNC10 National drug control 5 priorities (cont.) 4. Special Care for Offenders. 5. Improved Data Systems.
This week Christy and Ignatiy present the Sneak Previews episode 'Going to the Movies with a Critic' featuring Roger Ebert & Gene Siskel!
Happy Easter. Getting ready then off to Easter service at my favorite place!!! :)
Drawing for the door prize.
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide 7
Watching Tin Man with Love it.
Sad epiosde of the walking dead. #shocked :(
Presentation Coaching - if you can do a live demo, seriously do a live demo. People comprehend and remember what they can HEAR AND SEE
im still #TeamOD, yall need to come to the studio & get dwn with protunes
Looking for a place to watch the #Packers game tomorrow? We're open 4- Cl & will have $2 tall boys of #Bud & Labatt during the game!
Or make some
But everything is so damn expensive out there. Even grocery food costs 3 times more there than here.
big tables are key to a successful
Its really amazing how boring social bookmarking can get
Sea Island I'm t-minus 6 hours. Need some beach time and a round of golf or two to set me straight.
Text 3174073360 and say he's acting like his dad , pwease & thank you .
When shopping for #foundation, choose at least 3 colors to test on your jawline.
el-la-vate. (that is all)
You gave your teacher the middle finger when they turned around? You dare devil.
yes! I will be available! :D
31 missing assignments. Omfg. I have my work cut out for me. :/
did you go into Posh next door? such an adorable store... I wanted to buy everything, but showed some restraint!
Steve's got a new idea that's soundin pretty nasty!!!!
My roommate is dancing around amd singing to usher. Dear God help me.
I want... No I need some damn unhealthy food STAT. Forget this damn diet. #Ineedicecream wahhhhh
#wewontwork if you dont sneak in little kisses throughout the day [:
Unless you puke, faint or die KEEP GOING!!
has elegant lunch options. Get 15% OFF w/ a #TallyCardz and twitpic your meals!
We LISTEN & then help you get started w/correct, affordable, durable screen printing equip. & accessories. #CAPS Flash; #CAPS Bench printer
Looks like Hairston tried to swat it but missed it.
How hard is it to say the Z in crazy... Cray is not a word unless you are talking about mudbugs
Yeyya! Glad ya like :D
Uggh..i shouldn't have said anything :/...i feel likee a horrible person!!
Now tone I know u aint just figurin that out:) ": This rap game Fuckedup"
What we may think is a setback is really a step forward.
It should be fun :)
Last night >>>
Join Ad2 March 13th for, "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite." A look into the team building experiences of Joe Kruessel and Jesy Herron
Sometimes we forget that the only thing we need in life to make us happy is US
That looks more delicious than words can describe.
Thanks for the follow. Always wanted to work with Games. I respect your work.
I'm at buying some fittings for my wiener.....upgrading.
;) gotta show love ya know?! Rockin my #GoHardorStaySoft band with my Mile High tee #unstoppable LOL!
thankyou so much :)!
Making it was the bright spot of my Sunday, considering I spent it watching multiple Anne Frank documentaries for work.
Ever gotten licked by a giraffe?
Ironic. Butler is playing in an arena that has even more history than its Fieldhouse--The Palestra. I love hoops.
Bridesmaids acceptance speech without Kristin Wiig: fail
Great news everybody! Beauty blowout sale on HSN!
Yeah buddy! Let's go pens!!!!
why thank you. I'll let you know if I like this social media thing.
Jeanrella. Really wow
": wrap it is pretty nice if you have max" i have max on pc and everything else on mac, is that a prob?
it was very embarrassing! I felt like I violated this poor dude. I asked if I could bleach his gi for him.
lol when are u comin back to church so u can get saved....Again lol
Stay tuned awesome cut n color class coming soon to Marin. Tony Trono JP Strand Greg Fernandez up close hands on
The Reverend Horton Heat >>>>>>
At the office for some serious work today.
thanks for spreading the word!
How is everyone?(:
Next up - build #greenhouse farms in
Yay Loving Start!
sorry you put your trust in others and they let you down
I love my family
i'm special! lol
substitute "a lot" with "has completed the tutorial and imported some files into it" and you'll be on the money
are you refreshing the tracking info every 10 seconds?
Being invited to your birthday shindig made me feel like I still live in #NYC. It was a dream within a dream moment.
"in dedication to alexa burton, featuring ryan mace's birthday".
That's what I was thinking! Hilarious.
She's hot, you should go talk to her! Okay! *walks away* this should be funny....
yeahh I have to
Had an AMAZING day at the sales conference and then got a NBC lululemon sweatshirt!!!!
yeah, and quality takes a hit. big time.
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador's Mashpi Lodge - Forbes
Today's healthy food tip: Always eat your chicken either steamed, poached, roasted, broiled, boiled, grilled or baked.
Wow that is one heck of a picture! So awesome
I fell asleep in the bathtub,lol.
Gonna go to the studio again and then hanging with my new peeps.Peeps who never treat me badly.They support my future.
"I like to fire people". #Mitt #Romney. He will create jobs -- in #China, #Mexico and
the Braves and Phillys are tied 13-13 in the bottom of the 11th.......good god
Your curiosity is going to get us in trouble one day. But for now WE
Thanks to all the new and old RBB followers!!! The DVD will be available for pre-order soon!!! Followers will get a special price!!
Can't wait to see and next month!!!! #Boston #newhampshire holler!
Yeah your too good for such things.
Shout out to suzanne Schulman 14 day streak of none stop yelling
": FACT: Girls have a lot of crushes, but their heart only belongs to one guy." Coughcough Evan <3
Sylvester Stallone To Sell Vacation Home « London Luxury Real ...
6-6 in the SEC. 45-45 in the Big 12. Pretty much sums it up.
sure, but I never met a nice man who ignores his mom. I hope my son doesn't ignore me when I'm elderly.
What temperature is your thermostat set to?
If your going to do something, do it right... Pisses me off...
Your book looks AWESOME.
#offline. This alpha needs to get her fierce on.
My skin everywhere burns still
Heading to dinner at a place called Tapa That. The food better make up for the name.
The Bus loves our cozy #equalitypants, so much so that it's a running hashtag already. Love your #equalitypants too? RT!
Dear Yahoo! Please make #delicious open source and give it to a nonprofit. We'll take care of it.
all these females saying they don't like ice cream they lie they all love that "Big Stick"
Dear , You are sassy on I like it.
How about we stop pretending and start telling each other how we really feel?
I need to check that out, it still comes on?
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino is definitely a new favorite. Blended sweetness with cookie and chocolate whipped cream.
Cool cya there!
Thank you for the wonderful interview. It was a delight meeting you and your team.
Yup RT : If I didn’t have all these photos that I’ll never look at, I don’t know how I would make my computer run so slow.
Can't wait to see it! Fittin' to go alone if my friends don't get it together. Congratulations!
#coupledontcare Does in relationship means anything to partners anymore? Some them act like they single, why act single just be single.
Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..
Lol its all good. imma just burn they asses like they did my ancestors Haha
no no no. I got my sunglasses a suede.
In desperate need of something more fun than this working thing.
Thanks ! Looking forward to having you and your group here. Safe travels!
Sugar is toxic and I feel as addictive as heroine. Starch has the exact same bad biological impact as sugar. Fructose is also sugar.
At least 4 injured in school shooting at #chardonhighschool. That's where I went!
fingers crossed!
If you live in the burbs, you might want to say the opposite.
We're eating some tasty Whitt's Barbeque in Lebanon, TN. Family packs all day!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
What's everyone's Labor Day plans?! Boating? Camping? Football? Tell us!
Is submitting to DSpace!
Some of y'all not gone wait 90 days, More like 90 tweets.
RT : Sleeping is never the same without you.
Thank you!
if they aren't at the same lib, apply for both. Too many job offers better than too few
#thankusteve for all your inspiration and innovation! You will be highly missed!
I Heard Through The Grape Vine This Is The Date Pink Friday Was Released Is That A #Truestatement Fa'Sho Fa'Sho.
RPS Libraries will all be closed until March 19th at 5pm! Have a wonderful spring break!
I think my ankle is sprained . /;
how dare you live a life and not fulfill your dream because the manifestation of your dream inspires others to dream
its just like his hands...their so big....
Bitch just cause I have 61 doesn't mean I won't spend time blocking you and reporting your ass for spam.
Thanks for the #follow Am #happy to
yes! Brunch is delicious! Was she not brilliant??
People who have built community here RT : Q4. Who would you like to hear about at CIW Talk: Cities at #CIW2012?
Almost ready to give this workaholic thing up in favor of having a life. I don't know. Looks good on paper.
My man is cold blooded
Not a joke, but yes. “: Elementary = 30 friends. Jr. High = 20 friends. High school = 10 friends. College = 3 Real friends.”
lol scary. >>> Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering…
Zac Lane is a lieing fucking asshole and I wish more then anything I could kick him in the nuts so hard I break my boot.
Short night. Time to get moving & head back to work.
So one thing good that will come out of this foreclosure lock-up fiasco: excellent opportunities to buy well on short sales from banks.
A little crush turned to something more (:
Mystery Solved: ‘RaiseOnce’ on PokerStars Confirmed as Phil Ivey
I'm interested!!!
When your gonna have the Danceparty again :D
He checks it from time to time. He followed me last year some how.
I did both! Thanks for your suggestions! :o)
I love my relationship I have wit my nieces Vanah & Ieza!!We get it in,wit our convo's..We talking bout broke folks living beyond means lol
Judge Payne from IN "We had to fix things, but the company we were working w/ had no incentive to improve, they made too much money."
to ur email not twitter. um not that long ago.
reports from Vegas that the girly trappings are back for ladies golf
Missing #TBBT finale.... Life sucks
Ready for some basketball Scott County! The Cards face Oldham Cty 11:30 a.m. today in the Sweet 16 semifinals
I love to follow awesome people and awesome people watch thomasxdgk videos on youtube! Give him a watch he is great!
family events that involve my sister and i never go well.
Fascinating choice for a title, as your review shows. Really can't wait to read--he's one of my favorite authors.
RT : A donor is giving City Harvest $5 for every new follow before 12/31! Help us feed New York's hungry with one click!...
We're downtown shakin this wedding up tonight. Happy Holidays!
You too!
Mr Gibson calls that "sleep karate." FWIW, it stopped when I went off Zoloft. #WTF?
The thing is, I actually enjoy grading one assignment. It's only in aggregate that they get so oppressive.
My Klouchebag score - 43 or "quite noisy." Awesome!
Congratulations on your invitation and nomination to ! We look forward to welcoming you in the near future! ^bw
alright people. are any of you on ? we want to see photos of you in the new year rocking your belt buckles!
Several have suggested to me LMA360 (Loyalty Marketing Association and Loyalty 360). We are going to promote that.
I hope 2012 turns out to be a great year!
Todays been an amazing day so far but hasn't followed me !
me too!! Jud and I laughed and laughed! Hilarious.
They wrong for that raw fish tho..
RT I'm still sayin let's go #NYK last game or not
People in other countries would kill for the kind of stuff you find at the 1$ store. Let's start another business helping them.
14 school days left, 22 including weekends, which means.... 23 DAYS FOR AVICI!
When someone is so sweet to you, don't expect that they will be like that all the time because even the sweetest chocolate expires.
Don't go to Slended Nails Park and Mt Morriah
I've never read his stuff. I was baffled when he got famous; several of my friends went to HS with him, including
If he ever texts me.. Haha(:
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen having to say good bye to this literally sucks...
On the toilet is my alone time
very cool
“: I’m not single. I’m in a long-standing relationship with fun and freedom.” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Makin sure all the ladies know I'm a man who blazes his own trail and doesn't bend to societal standards, cuz that's attractive.
did a radio interview defending the Coliseum today. now people are annoyed again. Obviously.
#tradetebow to the #SAINTS If other teams try to hurt him hes protected
Can't wait for the album. #FEAR ...I'm def feelin it!!! ...nice work!
Please follow !!! I want to see her make a "dance video" for getting to 40k followers!
Is everyone else refreshing Twitter constantly hoping for the #Braun decision?
My 4 yr old son gave me a hand made card for Father
1st Ramma Lamma practice w/ our new drummer tonight. Hopefully we get our shit together before our show on the 30th.
": so I'm watching you on CNN and you're such an inspiration. Keep trying <33"
Thanks, looking forward to meeting fine people, fine beer, and (as usual) knowing just enough to get myself in trouble.
Thought I saw an early trick-o-treater at my neighbor's house but it was actually a very short man with a chainsaw. A real one.
if I could see your face ill probably kiss your smile lol good mornin
Trying to convince wife that is a romantic place to have date night before our Halloween custome party.
feel so so sick! Someone take care of me!
guy, whatever. see if I ever go to lunch with you again.
49ers client trending nationally. He deserves it...had another great game.
I'm pretty stoked that is re-tweeting rare books posts. Go, library geeks! Thanks, Alyssa :)
And Alex Avila helps the Tigers sweep the Red Sox with a walk off 2 run HR. Prince Fielder was on base.
RT Any dj's that need straight Mp3s of any songs just tweet
You're welcome :)
Shipping is now only a BUCK!
Afraid I was going to see my #1 faux pas on that list-No one actually cares about my daily workout. Apparently I'm clear though...
do I really?
Wednesdays, 5-10pm, $15 select wines! Can't finish your bottle? No worries! #MD let's you recork & take home :)
I miss this class. And that looks way too chocolate to be Obama.
unfollow tHis page got hackd follow my new one now
What is funny is that people think this person... Oh, that was expected they would go out like that, she was a drug addict, right?
well even though idk what that means... Congrats!!! :D
this girl is a true friend, she helps with alott!< 3 I love heree!(:
Thanks Lisa! I don't work with "student leaders" directly so not quite in my area of knowledge.
yeah hopefully he does... and maybe they'll win some shit.
you'll be the bitch in my story. Except Cody's gonna start kicking you.
Just saw Boris Kodjo. Good lord that man fine
will you mention DECA club in a tweet to help promote our new Twitter Page?
…you might want to change clothes before dinner as well. Just sayin'.
golf party at applebee's <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26F3>
KNowing your heart rate is helpful for other reasons though. You could look at it that way!
great idea! I think I have popcorn...
RT amazing examples of cloud outages and costs to industry from lack of #digitalpreservation via #timbus - really...
shit thats what im talkin bout chase the check
My final prediction.. Patriots win 24-20! Take it to the bank.
now following sis
I miss my mom. She's nuts but that's where I got it from, lol. Hopefully see her this summer!
DEF! Like the posts and Insight!
That's what's up! See you there! “: and both playing at ?! How exciting! I want to go!”
you've arrived!
You are everything I have never wanted.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
to : "The roar can't be taught."
Me and are rooting for you !!! Good luck on tonight's #fashionstar!!
It is a subscription-based service that produces high value content and eventually DVDs. Option 1: subscribe. Opt 2: wait.
Is my nigga this my lil bro mess with him mess with me cono
#thereisalwaysthat1person that just surprisingly seems to amaze you.
I literally just LIKED the shit out of on facebook(y) like like like like...
So happy the Guist brother's were on last night! I #love them!
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to #makeachange in the world!
bruh I swear u in my head rite now
My favorite physicist just stopped by!
#smbmad sorry we didn't respond but we follow the #smbmad hastag. FYI future
WOW, New backer Indra Levy comes in batting big time with a big pledge! THANK YOU.
Isn't Ron Paul getting the same protection? Where is he anyway? Meanwhile, #GOP shafts working moms.
i haven't been on here in a good while
I keep trying to kiss my Moms face but she pushes me away cause I'm taking off her going out makeup. RUDE! Totally rude.
Wish I could be seeing M83 at Stubb's tonight! Those tickets sold out fast….
That's gotta hurt
I would think. Also, probably a larger variance between positions in soccer.
beach time!!! #dueces ;)
hey sara i wanna thank u for following me on here i hope we will stay in contact and hear from u soon.
no but I almost did when the girl saw the guy kiss the other girl. Intense like camping?
I propose a new game. Match a celebrity with one who can most help them out of their mess. Ex: Demi Moore with Courtney Cox.
Oh. Yours wasn't terrible. I thought you meant me... and then I was going to agree with you.
I just feel sick 2 my stomach when HRW & BLA r what considered credible sources by any patriotic Paki
Thank you for the follow!
#LBLD #seattle #longboard this weekend is gonna be beautiful !
how are you??
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much
Eric Church is one of nicest men in country music! Played on twice...amazing! Good things happen to good people.
good morning!!! hope everyone has a blessed day!!
I still love you! <3
Almost making MU PR look good! RT : If Bo's still on the line after this break, someone at UW needs to be fired.
Congrats Garrett & the Baker team! - JDG
Saying he was funny/witty/smart is an understatement.
The team may suck, but very impressed with the fan-friendly changes by new Astros owner Jim Crane.
off to Pier 60. trying a different costume tonight.
Big win!!! Go Knicks!!!
What are the ingredients for a perfect day?
Nice meeting with Jim Kraugh of Florida LambdaRail. Thanks to Tom Babington for the connection. Hope to make good collaborations happen
Happy Mothers Day! Many blessing to come. Love Ya!
Cool! Great team over there !
YES! watching #glee right now and looks god! ...Then again, when doesn't he?!
following now. (:
Wow! So glad you are following. Thanks!
if it gets bad, I'm going to start doing tequila shots.
Thanks for the shout out! :-)
Get at me on social cam !!
Come to Fountain Festival of Arts & Crafts Fri-Sun, Nov.12-14th 10AM-5PM. Great Weather, Awesome Art, Tasty Treats, Fun & Beautiful Setting!
Ur very much welcome pretty!!
Where do you find the 2008 State Court Caseload Table for Trial Courts? the website is directing me to a .org website
I've tried many coding apps on the iPad andd Textastic is the best one I've found. I use it pretty regularly.
For some reason, I cannot listen to any other artist more than Michael Jackson. I love his music and I dance to it constantly.
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Publix - SIMVASTIN -
Nice series, reminds me in an odd way of Louise Penny's series
"do they know it's christmas?" is a song about jews, i think.
30 days until opening day!
everytime i see austin & ally i think to myself " Hey im and im going sing you a song today" Lol (:
Shoulder Lean still would have the whole club rockin...
I wannnaaaaaaa. A couple weeks is all <3
everyone in this room is staring.
You would think for 40,000 a year, they would at least give you that pleasure...
when i cry i want you to wipe away the tears. when i smile i want you to smile with me. and when i fight i want to be fighting for you.
Tour Oregon is a wrap!!! Where will we land next?!?!?
The more I work with the more I like it for server monitoring. Easy to set up, has all the features, and the price is right.
I heard my homies was gettin' on yo' head the other night lololol
The weather is MISERABLE today. If you could take a road trip to get away, where are you going?
Yeah. I'll actually be back down in the city Monday. Home this weekend. I have an event at 1 though, so we'll prob miss.
Looking at the sun coming in through a thin piece of paisley fabric that I hung in my window. Life is an illuminated manuscript.
Tuna Helper >>
Thanks for the RT!
YES! RT : That throw on 3rd & 10... where Rodgers hit Jennings for a first down, was the throw of Rodgers' life. Amazing
Your neckback? What were you in a car accident? You think we can sew up a tongue? What the fuck do you want? Frozen water?
Cant wait to sample tomorrow at the Boston Beer Summit!
Thanks. So did you see the pic with you me and Ravi????
#ImHappyWhen I look down @ Jesus on my rosary.
Why do I always have to wake up early on weekends? Eghhh.
“: I was in the Prince's of Dubai cabana!!! I fucking love my job.” - lol
i need a summer job at ritas, forreal.
Dude couldn't get a real chick the way he be actin...
Yessir, sure will. I'll be there mainly for the job fair, but also to get outta WI for a little bit during December
Community Meal tonight at 6:30.
I missed you, have a great time!
While #Hive "doesn't have a board", I just figured out the theoretical maximum bounding area... and it's shaped like a #hexagon. Fitting!
I though you were smarter then that tori you just can't believe in yourself or him
NM really actually and you ?
Ive lost my chance.
Y r u obsessed w/tying this word 2 things. Can't u make an argument w/out using that word?
Happy Friday! Happy day of seeing later!
Don't skip meals, it lowers your metabolism.
Had an awesome Sunday, but now the Sunday night depression is setting in. I'm already dreading my
Thanks for the RT! Have you had a chance to attend any of our Chicago skill sharing LearnIts?
Thanks Jonathon you too RT: Good to meet and talk with you tonight after
John Smits #BASummit2011 uses data visualization (#dataviz) to show the # and types of accounts each sales rep calls on
Good for you! You must be one strong woman. Admirable. You wanna chat on my coach page? it is on fb
Wowowowowoowww follow like now
Irene at EWR, forest fires on the road to PDX and Lee in ATL; Missed each by 24 hrs. On time and easy vacation flying. Thanks
Thanks my last 7 followers
well good job Lauren
that looks so yum
We have a new profile for our youth program! Follow us here for events & opportunities for youth to write & be heard !
#NP Im Going Down - Mary J.
Don't tell me what happened, but gaatdayum Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez SAAAANGGG on #americanidol!!! Ledet on "A Man's World"...shhhhiiii
thanks a bunch. :-)
Realizing that I couldn't view the right home page for my dog house site because I was uploading to the wrong folder. Boy! Do I feel stupid.
the times when ur "friends" are like "i miss u we havent hung out 4ever txt me! & we can hang!" im just sitting here like ha psht u hate me!
Ugh, sending good thoughts. Hope you are ok.
I want to die in a hole.
played golf yesterday think you can now license my likeness on the next Tiger Woods golf for me?
Lazy day today. Chillin at home about to watch nba all star game.
Who wants to see
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality. - Emily Dickinson
These homeless cats hustle so hard in Philly.... Least I can do is buy them a sandwich I mean damn.
oh my gosh. i just realized you followed me yesterdday <U+2665>.<U+2665>
sup? :) Have you posted sales-stats for Square Off anywhere?
Hmm...is there a kinky pizzeria I'm not aware of?
I am thinking of making this my primary twitter account and just deleting the personal one I have #slpeeps What do you think?
Zombie corporate training...brilliant!
it's the hair, isn't it?
If I had a magic wand and I waved it over your head and "ding" something magical happened in you life what would it be?
ah okay sorry):
Yea, it's very interesting. I've thought of trying to do independent A&R work, but Mach1 would be the only thing to submit to...
One of the most popular sessions at #MWRC12 - congrats to
Can somebody givee me a shout out i am the one on thee right
sweet song... smooth...
I went by the name mike honcho
Had an amazing time in Richmond helping with #CIEE #CBYX . Nostalgia to the max
Hello, Andre, Thanks PROFUSELY for the RETWEET! Greatly appreciated. All best to you.
I fell in love with the (boy) at the rock show!!! ^.^
gonna see if they make bomb diggity badges online now... 'ppreciate you phoenix(joy rd)!
How crazy is it that the number of tweets I've sent is the same today as the number of people I am following?
Maybe today. Rainy this morning. Wonder if it'll clear?
Each time Kiefer Sutherland says “dammit” on Touch, I think, for one transcendent moment, that I am once again watching 24.
"Who could stop me? Do the things that you think are important to be done" explains her confidence
Waiting for Wonderful Wendy. We are going for Chinese.
Haha! They might also worry about bankruptcy. In all seriousness, it sounds wonderful.
*sigh* Oh Buckeyes.... no worries, I'm still a fan....
Waiting for these photos to upload. Boring!
A dear friend whose name I seem to not recognize has just emailed me that she has cancer & is leaving me 20 million $.
Today...I will always remember. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wait and see, Troublemaker.
please not the zombie sonics! please! RT : Nash to heat , knicks , bulls or okc . Damn that super gnarl.
Matsuhisa-San getting even larger than life now...“: Nobu partners with Ceasars Palace to launch first hotel in Las Vegas”
what movies are we watching Friday?
I'm already FOLLOWING them! And I STILL couldn't find them.
oh there you are MLW... I thought you had disappeared!!!
Mr. Hamas, not when those "democratically-elected govts" put (i.e. force) their women into burqas, it's not!
"The main emphasis in Buddhism is to transform the mind, and this transformation depends upon #meditation." - HH Dalai Lama
takes the podium at conference! Thoughts on the debt deal to start his remarks...
hey srry i got off my internet was acting retarded
Sports radio here in Columbus OH r bragging that he's going to Cincy!
<---- FOLLOW SHE. SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!
Matt Kemp with a walk off home run in the bottom of the 10th. #ThinkBlue #Dodgers #KEMVP final score 4-3
We've seen a lot of comfort foods weddings too. Just did a Prime Rib and Chicken Cordon Bleu Duet Plate...Looked great!!
I never talk on the phone anymore. I'd like to but some people just don't never wanna be on the phone.
Tonight (3/13): Screaming Crow Records Presents: Michale Graves (formerly of The Misfits) with guests at Hard Rock Cafe! Tix at the door!
RT : Murfreesboro...where the party at?
"At least I'm not as tall as THAT girl. Oh, wait.....I am."
Katz: "permission first" rule has been treated as dogma, where (c)owner can just "sit back, do nothing"
I didn't see that! Thank you for showing it to me!
only smart people understand. ;)
Teacher: Get out a sheet of paper. Student: LOOK AT ME NOW! Teacher: Excuse me? Student: IM GETTING PAPER!
The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you.
Games are on for the first night of Fall league!!!
wow...some people just do not have any sense...
he just said 100 a piece
<U+266A>Take It On the Run - REO Speedwagon
INgrooves' Robb Wells says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's
The Sheffield getting some love from I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal. Homerun.
I'm giving away 2 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler. To enter, answer this: What won the Caldecott the year the EPA launched?
there are so many things in this world that we as humans will never begin to understand.
o I am lmfao
I have a retainer that I guess I'm trying to chew through.
brews were heavenly. A little bit of vanilla porter, and some live oak hef
So ur a waitress? At least that's a little money. Maybe u won't be so bored. Haha
Congrats man!
i didn't know you needed career advice...
Have the dates for the 2012 conference been scheduled yet?
How are you doing tonight? I'm feeling like a #champ!
Yes, it is a nasty tick I have. When I hear a bad song, I am compelled to look the lyrics up. Please help.
Get me a strawberry blondie! “ I get off work in 20 mins. I want ice cream! Whose down for some coldstone ??”
aha yeaa true that
Wtf cadbury's! What a sad day for a British institution. It's now owned by Kraft. Disgusting.
About to go workout anybody want to join me
that'd be quite the show!
SO jealous that you're in our home town right now.
Btw should have been first verse on mercy …
Happy thatt you found what you were looking for.
This film looks interesting. As a film critic, this looks to be an intriguing, thoughtful, original film. Can't wait to see it!
im doing gread in the name of The Lord. Thanx for asking. What about you?
You remind me of my big toe. Mainly, because I am going to bang you on every piece of furniture I own.
I think bud can beat your ass ": I am right next to bud selig ,he is so lucky I am not angry at him anymore"
Aaron you better not blow this for me!
just watched the game recap!! damn
This Guggenheim video of makes those Armageddon-style videos look like something crap picks out of its teeth.
i was just telling about how badges carry some uncomfortable political connotations too, esp re: communism
birds of a feather!
FOCUS Training is at #Marquette today recruiting 2012 Interns. David A. Straz building between 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM. Come and see us!
: Go get 'em tiger!
let's meet in the middle?
DAMN! I just remembered that I have a block of cheddar in my fridge! I got wine drunk last night & I wish I'd have eaten it!
I kno it is it was packed yesterday too
#simmonsradio operations manager Heather in secession at #WIBS Staff building, recruiting and training. Check it out from 1:30 to 2:25
The more specific you are, the more general it'll be.
#giant on love rock Hudson such a man
One thing the Saints bring to the super bowl that I like is the possibility of a Cash Money Millionaires half time show.
Woo malkin! And neal too :D
A reunion at #kipcamp today with -- data goddess, spreadsheet wizard. She's helping Kiplinger Fellows tame numbers.
#RogerCraig had a great week this week, join now to test your #FantasyFootball skills against a legend and win great prizes doing it!
saw that! Wide open miss
Out of my final an hour early?
No matter how difficult life gets, you have to live it with hope. -Boy Meets World
i aint finna lie a lot of women look weird in sneakers but make them look good!
Hey How come when a reminder pops up I can't edit it? Help anyone?
Beyond Sombreros, Tacos, and Español | Intercultural Education in ...
Time for a beer, relax and get ready to see tonight!!!
hahaha lucky!! I wish I could do that.
for brunch!
Can't wait till tmw
thanks for following. We will spread your message and in solidarity with you on #ows and
Getting uncomfortable hearing a non teacher (Bill Gates) explain teaching
First thought when I wake up is my god he's beautiful, so I put on my makeup and pray for a miracle [:
your icon is speachless
Good Morning. Want to hear great music? Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards
Cheating is a choice, NOT a mistake!!
hey girl jbjbjbjbjbj thts wht all i think about : >
see you soon! Can't wait to hear about your new launches.
awe thanks efharisto.
He wanna come n put he's name on it
thank u
Zip-line!
Well, I was talking about like twice-my-age old. And I'm pretty sure you don't hit on me.
My daughter is a cat again. Sigh.
Yes!! Such an awesome way of calling it out :-)
Hello, Simone Welcome 2 my Twitter page. Look 4 ward 2 interesting tweets with u. Have a Great Day!
my life feels like an evanescence song!!!
Did you hear Chris Brown's new hit? It's his fist hitting Rihanna's face.
Trying to jailbreak! It's one hell of a difficult "job" to crack iPhone!
Yes.. André Leon Talley is my spirit animal..
it's worth the trip. O summarized it in a clip I posted on FB.
And #titans fans how do u feel bout the pic? We just keep adding weapons on offense but defense?
ok now what i do?
"que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong. Muito ansioso, haha."
haha i think so(x
Terribly sad. Maurice Sendak dies at 83 - wrote "Where the Wild Things Are." via
i like van nuys! it's def growing!
pulsating headache behind left eye, starting to fade. time to get to work.
Got my dog a beanie
While abdicates its mayoral coverage duties 2 's Press Secretary it's a good thing u have & around
RT : (client) represented by President Eric Tobias at todays !
damn dood. damn. yo go to the ducks game tomorrow i'm rolling there too!
the deed is done
Hope I'm just being nervous. Worst thing that could happen, in my mind, is Walker winning again. Anything but that.
Matt Kenseth will start on the pole for the Kobalt Tools 400 after setting a new track record at the LV Motor Speedway-Coach
yeah. now im just sitting here thinking about it b/c idk what he meant by it.
temple-run<3
So it looks like I'll be joining the engineering team over at in a few weeks!
You may experience some errors reading data from SG Storage. There's a fix being pushed momentarily to resolve the issue.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was. ~Author Unknown
Erin go bargh from have a safe valentines day
working tonight 2 for 1 pints after 9!! I'll be there will you?
RT : Such a gr8 group of funders & NPOs in streamlining comm'y of practice! & more
Some hot Cheetos with lemon sound pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>and a tall Arizona with it
what's wrong with Bentley?
lame i cant listen at work... Someone needs to shut kwing down... So i can listen ha
All it takes is to be down & show support,if you cant give that you shouldn't expect any kinda of love shown,that's just how I see it
...CIEM's amazing director, Teresita Ramellini, teaches an ICDS course: "Development in Latin America from a Gender Perspective." (2/2)
At my local elementary school, preparing to read to 1st graders & PreK classes. Lets #makeitcount!
Just the slightest bit freaked by news of impending parental medical procedure.
Gotta take a right turn because left is just a place to run
When the only love you knew, Just walked away...
I Put 2 Much In This
Steven Tyler sounded God awful, how is he qualified to judge singing talent?
thanks for adding us to ur lists!
Well, I suppose its official. Come January I'll be the new Emerging Technologies Librarian at Carnegie Mellon University.
Totally get why Ticketmaster had to charge 25% extra.. how else are they going to pay people to stuff ads in the envelope with my ticket?
yo!! So stoked about our After #ala12 trip to Mexico. It's gonna be rad!
- good to see you here, too. Thanks for your inspiration, wildness, beauty! xoxo
#ThingsThatPissMeOff when people take long to respond to a text message
holas - do you have an url for that Madison wherecamp? I added the Australian one at least. I'd add Phoenix if there was an url.
#proud #smiling #VMA oh yeaah & TWEET ME
Thanks! RT : You're in my thoughts and prayers!
On my way home for the weekend haha
u not a pastor no more?
I WANT SUUMMMMMMERRRRR BACK!!!
I also forgot about soft water
yea I did that
Who else?
sure thing
but Grandma!
Also, I'm having trouble explaining why in 140 chrs but use of "Latinos" vs. "working families" bothers me.
Bring me the tacos
Tourney shirts for this weekend
Also into cats.
New shows in the works, more info soon
Skype interview tonight, keeping my fingers crossed that my camera stays functional throughout
#PacersPlayoffs game time!
I like to wiggle, but I'd rather giggle. think LMFAO should change the lyrics to: gigglegigglegigglegigglegiggle, yeah.
What is the most bizarre thing you've been ticketed for?
My new favorite show. Repo Games
#ff NOW! Great coffee offer!!!
that was my last piece of gum
To let you know what's real? My butt implants?! Okay, listen after 2 PM!!!
E's birthday!!
This fox needs some shut eye. Xoxo.
Share with us your fondest Fit2Go memory!
yayyyyyyyyy lets get it!!! Lol hahahah that's why I love u sis.
My young ass need to be at the club... shaking my booty meat =\
#SpeakingOfFebruary4th...I want to go to there! -Liz Lemon
Do not open direct messages from me it is spam. I am working on finding out the source. Don't give up on me please!
The best days in a law firm are when the hardest decision is what to eat for #lunch!
A simple story can have a big impact. What story do you tell about your brand?
#AskSanta for a new van or bus!
Who needs/wants a job? It's an at home job so you need internet access. =]
yeah of course
How did you know I love you so?
let's do it
Super 8 was a expensive piece of crap.
#followmedylan Please follow me. If you followed me I would be so happy!!!
yeah but is on the DL
or Brad Pitt in Fight Club
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -Henry Ford
I've had the Tempura Fantastic!
Dwight Swanson: oldest home movie with chickens #orphans8 'Francena Feeding the Chickens' 1905.
Our last performance together on stage Very excited and a li'l nervous!
hav not seen u in a while, u on the rode, anyway hope all well
Like the open question format for today's BMA CHI seminar on B2B Client-Agency relationships
Found the late, great Larry Sanders show on Netflix streaming. No flipping.
Awesome! What do you want it to say? I'll create a listing for you and send it your way!
a g6 is a type of airplane
hey hon, I messaged you on Yahoo but I don't think you were on. Catch you tonight.
Hurry in for your 30% off purchases of $150 or more when you mention this FB ad! Good through February, some restrictions apply
like I said ain't heard a peep from you ALL YEAR!!!
Use a Go Phone pay-as-you-go plan instead. Voice + text only.
There are alot of bright capable "avg" kids. <2.0. I disagree w/grade bating. I think attendance is a better gauge of success
Is the Cornel West lecture on Friday night free and open to the general public?
And its still fuck you nigga
Tried heroin...
We love !
what an exciting/fun job to step in to!
Would like to see Brian Johnson, Rod Stewart, and Kim Carnes start a scratchy voice version of the Three Tenors.
Pinky hurts like hell.
thanks for the follow, cute profile name by the way
oh heeeyyyy... What do you think about a little sponsorship for our Twestival? Let's go, O's!
i was thinking how much ollie could have accomplished with just 3 or 4 more inches of height. such a nice game.
it is not wise to always be a logical ... but it is a logical to always be wise.... stay thirsty my friends...
I KNEW IT
The only to things I can be when I mess up sorry and human....
Hate my life so much right now.
Over the next few days, the no goal call will be reviewed over and over, and every time it is reviewed it will show it was the correct call.
If were not friends its for a reason . .i get along with EVERYONE
i hope i wake up tomorrow.
Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design. He's a mad scientist in the best way! Stay tuned!
NO NO NO YOU DIDN'T HE WANTED THE HASPUS FILE!!!!
hahaha hell If I know. Just some thoughts lol. What do you think? None?
Skin care time =D
Haha! Exactly. I don't think he ate sardines 4 dinner, tho. ... Yes, I'm always on Twitter.
hahahah it's really funny though:)
I don't like rap :p but where in Cali did you visit?
Hi Pearl, you hanging in there
is TONIGHT!
it was right under rib cage the pain on left I think
Raleigh - rain I love you!!!
: What year did Rollins give his 3 wishes?
You are freaking awesome. I love you.
That's great! What's the secret?
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln
#BMOC (big moo on campus)
Someone I once was and aspire to be once more. Go get it, girl! x
I'm thankful for u to hehe
thanks for discovering !!now I don't have a life(;
Alex Lacamoire moves easily from salsa to country pop in orchestrations for In the Heights (his favorite) and 9 to 5.
And stop announcing in-progress vote totals. It biases the outcomes!
Sounds like a nightmare RT : Went to school library for a new book & on 1 of the top shelves there were no books at all...”
you're def the REAL mob wife. You have never changed your story!!!
I did not, sir. The videos were shot by , the brains of the operation.
Titan Medical Inc. Announces Research Agreement with ARMA Lab at Vanderbilt University
I don't think anyone frustrates me as much as people who take 20 minutes to use the ATM.
Thank you for the RT.
Hey sis just text me what he says i am getting tired and got school tom i will come back to you tom morn o read all the dms i sent you a ...
WTF - shit just got REAL outside right now. Sounds like a freakin' hurricane. I'm pretty sure my bedroom window almost broke.
Sometimes the only thing that gets me out of bed is my laptop's battery icon blaring 0:12 in red. The outlet's all the way over THERE…
thanks! We're looking forward to partnering with you!
In your opionion, which is better Soy Milk or Almond Milk?
the lane violation was legit, read the rulebook SVP..not the NBA
The card I made my mom is so blunt.
Was jammin' to the reggae mix. Play more reggae/dancehall please!
Lesson learned # Dont ever let the next person know what u thinkin..always stay one step ahead..
#moviesthatnevergetold all Disney movies(:
"The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore" e-book just won an Oscar for Best Animated Short and is now available on our iPads.
Ddamn. That is some serious company you've put us in. Thanks fellas!
Hey friend, special plans for tonight?
Hey girl! Just working . You?
Simon says in Spanish,
Got a fan in my room!
hey,little better.still having back problems I saw a specialist yesterday. I'm not a mom #teamNoKids ty I have a great mom tho
HUGE SALE ON TECHNICS SALE! SAVE UP TO 20% OFF! CALL FOR PRICING! 773-647-1143
Reality sinks in - Packers really are in the Big Game today! Go Pack go!
"Classrooms are one of the last places in society where we can have a sustained conversation about something." Not sure I agree.
So grateful for my new laptop with the serious battery as I continue to sit on the train. Done lots of image and video work.
Just call on Tyrone <U+260E>
I know exactly how you feel. I love that quote.
Google "TN meth burns" It is destroying our country.
My energy is up!!!!
Happy first day of Spring! Spending part of the day working on new music.
simultaneously playing pool, listening to 90s music, watching a red sox game and a funeral
Completely sums it up.
Working on new songs. Can't wait to release this EP next year it's going to be killer!
"I'll tell Justin Mahone u said hi if we have him on our flight" omg..yea dad it's Austin. There's no hope kill me now lol
MOTHER FUCKER IM OFF TWEET LIMIT
Watching big time rush just to see if they mention anything about their tour and
call it in or get shoot by a stray bullet cause that's what will happen.
"When Rick Ross Says "Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!" Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym."
Talent and dedication aren't always enough. Exposure to those able to raise your game is a must!!
Class only one day a week for the summer quarter? HELLZ YEAH! #SummerTime!
Can you say Hi to Tony for me? I remember him from RI
Make every day the best possible day! :-)
Aspire to creative compassion. Out of the box ways to reflect back to others their talent, genius, and best qualities.
what can i say... They are one of the most imperfect parts of me and i still love them
#Kids Konserve makes #green look good. Now you can get their Whimsy Snack Pack for 36% off here on the Savvy Source! bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
haha.. have a great day with the family
Do you agree? "80% of Am. are likely to switch brands, if comparable in $ and quality, to one that supports a social cause."...
It was nice watching game 7 of the 1994 Western Conf. finals the other day. Nothing like seeing
anytime dude =] and i know what you mean, believe me, i do.
Guys in dress pants and nice dress shirts are my weakness.
a parishioner sick with cancer told me he wants only to be "in Christ," come what may. Thinking now of #John15 - true vine, abide in me.
": We're all part of Vermes Army..."
Bonus points if you can sing it in French: & RE watching so much Olympics they know all the words to "O Canada."
I went with two bags of tea this morning and I like can't feel my legs. Camellia sinensis for life.
All dragons are lost.
SAY SOMETHING IS AMAZING!!!! I fell in love with it! I love you :D
We'll do our best!
it's a competition between the company so everyone has a Sunday to compete, but yes. No work Monday?!?
I wish you were taking care of me too boo :(
too bad you can't give me the kitty!
Who that homeless man on the heat who just dunked
Just paid off my submandibular gland!
my gut is telling me to make a sample based album only using clips of arnold schwarzenegger yelling.
Who the hell is Justin Welborn?
RT : Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
that's for life bro
wass good bitch leave Jenna alone
(late reply) I think no one wants to be the jerk who publicly says "I won't work for free! Screw you, small repository."
Comedy is like a marathon: if you don't pace yourself, you'll burn out. Also because a person threw a water bottle at me last night.
thatw was a stalker back then
They've definitely done really well. Kendall Wright could be a star.
oh! Then that's not a problem, it's a "resume" waiting to be written! Have fun coding!
s/o to god he still keeping me man
Glad to hear it! Tweet-up is at Hilton, if you hadn't heard yet. :-)
I saw at the mall. I feel like shit for just walking by an not saying hi! Haven't seen her in YEARS!:o
whatchu up to?
RIP Junior Seau
Happy Feb. 29!
Just came back from the UArts Senior Film and Animation Show (and a party afterwards). Some good stuff.
#blackbloc are such idiots.
yeah for 2 days but were going to the Bahamas
"Letting go isn't easy. But sometimes, it's the right thing to do. And most of the time, the only option we have"
laying in bed and listening to sad songs till i fall asleep. it's just that type of night ....
I'm the time of person that would rather have no friends then fake friends any day
Last day of school. :D
When determining ur packaging & pricing strategy, the intangibles r just as important as the tangibles!
would you be interested in doing an interview or just sit down and chat about duluth? let me know!
De-pitting a nectarine is like trying to convince Flavor-Flav not to do a reality show.
"Labs" rehearsal with the best cast ever!
Well At Hoke Right Now Gettimg ready For Dance Rehearsals!(:
Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus. Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday.
lmao.. I do but she was sleep this morning. I calmed down now. I can't help it I'm crazy lol
I've occasionally had them read their papers together as part of scheduled peer-review sessions. Works wonders!
i dont think you would
where are you staying?
Competeing for Miss Dyersburg Teen Princess!!!!!
you should patent that with the
Me and Mrs Detillio really do have the best conversations lol
its on amazon and itunes.
:D so what are you up to?
Heart miles and miles of heart
RT : We have to stay together!
And all that jazz..
As intended, I actually do reserve sharing for people I love (i.e. family only). No offense, friends.
That's awfully nice of you, but you really don't need to do that. It's my naughty kitty, after all. :)
weather is always fucked up in Lakersfield..hot one day rainy as fuck the next
CATS! No doubt. Title No.8. Haters - shhhhhhhh. It's Title Night. Yeah yeah yeah.
I want a new tat
Finding music for my show isn't easy! Any suggestions?
Facebook has officially bored the hell out of me °sad face°
The worst. I was like 'these aren't even MY jeans, are they?' *doublecheck* Ok, yeah. A past me. 5 pints ago.
Fund View: Biondo father-and-son mutual fund No. 1 in U.S
Isolated t-storms today. Karaoke at Coney (back bar) and Ironwood...In sports, Pirates play the Nationals; Preakness post position draw 5PM.
hey, just getting back to the city. Where can I meet ya?
How many foreheads does Joel Anthony have?
We just made a blueberry soap to test out a new fragrance we got yesterday. It's insanely delicious smelling.
What a wonderful night!! It was so great to be celebrate and support the DC dance community!
Will you be at the #ISPA show in Indy?
Robert Glasper n theATL 2night. If u can't make the show check out his latest CD "Black Radio" as Jazz,Blues,Rap,Hip-Hop & R&B come 2gether
The song is like 15 years old. How come people that write for Spin / AV Club / etc still refer to " Cop Killer" as a "rap" song?
I made the connection =) Doing well! How are you? Has spring sprung in SacTown?
That would be exciting! :-) Three of my top choices: Australia, Brazil or Iceland.
and I are electric zoo bound!
Getting ready to attend my first session of today. Every person that I have met has been so encouraging. alamw12#
two games back of the pack. not sure if they have enough time to make up the deficit!
I set fire to the rain
It's almost time to start the Valentine's Day celebration. What's in your #wine glass tonight?
I wonder how much he want for that beat I should buy it n still leave the tag in it
Just woke up and saw the lakers had lost! hahahahah!
There's a baby on the way in my family and I can't keep myself from shopping for him/her!
Read Responsibly.
Spotify has decided it doesn't want to play any music today. :(
How you been ? long time no talk
I woke up with the driest mouth this morning.....
Another great presentation, Understanding Money and Wealth for
it's fine! I was just confused cause I didn't say anything lol.
Hahaha your too funny boney monkey
it's cool, and DeSean Jackson is awesome, though stupid.
West Virginia :)
where are you?
Monsieur Spencer... 'Allo. *tips hat*
mind expansion/exhaustion in progress ...
; if my son even thought about skipping out or being a deadbeat, his ears will be red for a minute to say the least.
Waiting to see something I'm not use to
Come have a drink with us! 3:30PM Cocktail Hour at AnaJet booth #1345 at SGIA New Orleans!
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip round the sun.
word on the street is we play y'all on Wednesday
definitely in our plans.
Nice! That definitely helps the budget. :)
and I will be there at #LaughNowForAutism Can't wait!
No wonder this phone isn't working. It's a calculator, not a smart phone.
If you complain on twitter about something that I happen to do, then I'll probably do it a lot.
ya..laziness thooo :(((((
Wonder if I would lose weight if I somehow recreated your whirlwind ATX food tour
first tweet?
My point is that Christianity (or any religion) is never defined solely by its texts.
i love your christian beadles poster! Haha
Books are already available; currently in production with video programs that integrate the metronome sentences and oral drills
at school there are valentines grams u order and they send then to the person u like...too bad i doubt wl get mine :(
well said!
WOW!!! RT : D.Rose torn ACL out for season ...ouch
pickles! Where?
How about, "that won't happen to me"? RT: Best prep for crisis? Anticipation. If you say, "it probably won't happen", get ready.
Know damn well I didn't just see that fuck ass wagon,niggas be doing some serious ass hiding,but you so hard tho #fuckouttahere<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
All this fog is erie...
don't laugh, they have a certified "investigative mythologist" on the show so it could be real! o_O
So many gigs, so little memory.
Thank you to my friends for only posting vague comments on how mindblowing #MadMen was this weekend. I really need to catch up! (I'm in...
$34,000 a year isn't cool. You know what's cool? Freelancing at minimum wage for a burrito joint.
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP or CRM implementation experience. Let me know if you or …
Absolutely! This is a must for a creative job seeker. RT I see visual resumes great for creative web types
bad situation....but if it wasnt for Katrina they would've never left Nola & I would've never met them.
Early start...back-2-back meetings all day for "A Ray of Hope"
SLASH from Guns N Roses kicks off his tour in Baltimore, MD this Thursday
Hawes is a soft pussy
Aaron Craft is a heck of a defender, and you know I love me some defense
Correction... Dr. Wood presents the candidate and Dr. Magruder confers the honorary degree.
Plan your next Girls’ Night Out at The Melting Pot, April 17-19. Enjoy “Red”-inspired cocktails & save $ when you wear RED.
karaoke fridays here at nine72 9pm! FUN FUN FUN!
My Boo is picking me up <3 <3
thank you! we appreciate your participation in our contest!
Best-selling author GW Hardin talking about #avatar #enlightenment #vibration #ascension that will empower you!
Woof1 Woof! Thanks!
I want to be gone
I want i want i want but that's crazy. I want i want i want and that's not me. I want i want i want tobe loved by u. <3
Just need to get one back, RSL.
Attending the ACRL Data Visualization Webinar
Great coaching session with ! Excited for my audition tomorrow!
Working on getting more bandwidth for the website...wasn't expecting so many hits...thanks everyone!
You're coming to NYC? Let me know if you have time to get lunch! :)
It's totally lipstick. The girl who kissed me just happened to have lips that spell out what's on my hand.
why am I just finding out about this?!?!
Why didn't anyone tell me before that Taco Bell is absolutely delicious? These Doritos Locos Tacos are legit.
Lil Wayne is like Shakespeare of our generation. If, you know, Shakespeare had downs syndrome.
Also, had it been the opposite and it would have been us getting taken out, we'd been crying for a red for sure.
Don't have to move for FTs. :( : #Sixers were totally discombobulated on offense. Lots of looking around, no one moving.
Yo Choke Wasup Wit it.. I hit You.. But #Noworries Research that Txt I just Sent u.. Shit Just got REAL FOR YA BOY
What did everyone do for the leap day? We made beautiful new music for all of you to hear very soon!
": Chillen with my boo #LOD" which one of them cray niggaz?! Damn I love my team
So Wtf Happened ? Cus My Team Ain't Acting As One At The Fucking Moment....
Starlin Castro was excited when he heard his name was trending. Then he was told it was Fidel, Ozzie was talking about.
CHAD MICHAELS is as good as it gets!
@ austinmahone im tweeting you while im in school...
whew no! fortunately rarely gets above 90 there. I'm in Lake Havasu City watching the parent's retire :)
knew you would get a kick out of it.
Thanks! You know what the worst part is though?
#happy4thofjuly “Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom” ~~~Albert Einstein
You too, Brad. Always a pleasure to touch other creativity lovers in town!
Although the closest i came to celebrating #cincodemayo was drinking pineapple juice- Mexico is in 9th in pineapple production
Do you have a social media workgroup in your organization? Social Metrics 101
Sitting on my driveway listening to Miley >>>
just told us to follow so we did :) You guys should follow him too . Let him know that sent you
Avoid like plague! Scam RT : To all FIU Students. Come On Down To Doral Hyundai Where Nobody But Nobody Sells Hyundai's For Less!
at the end omgomg too much fangirling to fit in a tweet asdfghjk, ;')
Looking for Laughs... follow >>> <<< for a personal Will Ferrell shoutout to 2,000,000 followers. This is real
I just wanted to be invited
Gotta give it to my brothers and Cuz Them Niggas Had Faith In Me When Even My Family Doubted Me.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (at0w5)
No, we are not whipping our son. He is a) getting his fingernails clipped or b) getting sunscreen applied.
The #triathlon was terrible.
!!!!!! RT : You don't really have to do much to show that you're great
Sorry RG, but you're part of the GBP family, at least in the eyes of the fans, the community, and us owners (ha ha). Be well
Also, just to be clear, I was describing MYSELF as the part-time coder and Perl Neanderthal!
Suzie is a money maker but that b***t a liyyrr!!......my bad, flashback moment lol
whats good man .....Dameion from the music conference
Let the Sounders game tomorrow serve as my motivation to bust through the work part of the day (if I really have to do the whole work thing)
hey. wanna follow me back? <U+2665>
#Go Pats
Uh-Oh
Highly recommend the last 2 tweets from Monk's.....these beautiful girls must be trouble.
How are you doing? Haven't seen you since November!
what time is the world ending? i ordered something from
thank you for the invitation!
thank you, most excellent beta reader! :-)
Why can't it be sunny and 70 all year long!?!?!
NSLC contacted me for an interview!!!! #summerjob?
I got it
No, it was from a Brazilian magazine.
Just released from avail for Rock of Ages. Onto the next one.
I really hope it doesn't take long to get my license renewed. i don't want to be here all afternoon.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 52
check out out the amaaaazin
Another big win for tonight! Along with Rosedale Land Partners, we won the Community of the Year at the SoCal Awards!
no questions, but you are interviewing Joel! this makes me want to use many exclamation marks!
That is so awesome! Thank you for all you do.
Is there any vodka?
Sincerity is an underrated virtue
I want you Forever, forever and always. Through the good, the bad and the ugly people whatever.
Good-Morning (:
I have feelings and a heart just like anyone else!!!!!
I'm VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY bored...but ok. Looking for a job to return
I completely agree.Parents find this advice very palatable. No one wants to believe there is something "wrong" with their child.
Thanks, we really like it. Can't wait to bake something.
First Friday- Sons of Malarkey Portland Irish Band. 4 amazing artists.
Really missing Claire right now. :/
RT : Bout to eat this steak.. Since its the only Meat I'm getting in my life ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao- lol clown
yup. I wanna go to Canada Aye. Lol
the people who followed me they got swag and the people who didnt 2 u know and i dont want 2 leave out people
RT : Happy Birthday Wonder Woman! Who is YOUR favorite 'wonder' woman? Your mom, your sister, your boss, your friend?
if you need me, text me.
Wow...:see ya #redwings! Unreal loosing to
#family night
Looked over to getting mad as her mouse didn't work but she didn't know it was actually mine :L
Happy Hour! 1-3pm! 10% off your order! Simply tell the cashier: “Behold the power of waffles!” and the discount is yours!...
I'm walking on the ceiling
Jamber at 858 Folsom St.! Wine in kegs/on tap & opening in July.
Howd the laundry come out?!
The board that tweets together, um, er, practices excellent governance together? Workin' on it...
Protruding tumor on your head will be in fashion soon with cell phone, now microwaved food, etc. We all wanna be fashionable, no?
caked it...n commented...- PRESSURE...
wow!!! Y'all deserve it!!! Love ya
Not I. Doubtful it's affecting all Chrome users, methinks.
love em already!!
It's all about the ratings. That's why no MLB talk. Change the name of the show to "ESPN Tebow Take".
LOL its not like i can knock at her door anytime tho!
asdjfklsdj i have school tomorrow. WHY CANT IT BE WINTER BREAK ALREADY.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Everytime I'm ready to give #Kobe some credit, he does some #Fake ass BULLShit. Thats why I like he wants 2 be HISSELF.
To be a BOSS, you have to think like one....
Thanks for the #FF ! Autumn in #SanDiego is beautiful - it's our second summer!
Thanks for the suggestion. We've added it to the queue of books to add.
not quite, but it is getting there. I really think it is a mistake wave is going away, google is not especially patient
Lost at the mall. Why did i go off on my own
i just want to get back on the field.
Maybe Kate is a kommunist robot.
Corn Beef, shepards pie, cabbage and Guinness. #St.Patrick'sDay
“: Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.”
You're getting followed as well!
No one fucking gets nor do I have the patience to explain it.
they are so cool :3 love them ;)
I second that!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 16
No texting go straight to sleep now! ;)
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet Let's TREND IT !
Hello Claudia, sounds fun and hope you have a good time. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2010...Peace out!
Beware of Liberty..up and coming program off to slow start..those teams are always dangerous late imo!
Appreciate the shout-out! There's nothing like sitting outside...especially in these final cool days! ;)
I swear if someone says my hair is orange I will bleach all of it
#20ThingsAboutMe I hardly ever get mad, that's just not me!
Since I'm a man of the people, I want to hear your sasquatch slappin' ideas! What's the first thing you want me to do as Mayor of Chicago?
Dam I wish I culd delete som of my mentions
Pro of working next door to : lunch break shopping!
#WeWontWork if you don't let me be in my own personal space to breathe and be in my own head for awhile.
We can be the voices of logic and reason. And introversion.
"Dreams, dreams, always dreams with you, never common sense...."
you can get macs and an ipod, you have to earn points on it then they mail it to you
Just waking up to the sounds of the ocean on Fire Island.
Live-tweeting, obvi. RT excited for the debate tonight?? Any good drinking game key words?? Obamacare lol
Reading the LRB with an after-work scotch, all hearth & habit.
Everything is in the same place. Pharmacy, referrals, doctors - it's very efficient compared to the ppo, where you're all over.
All I want is a way to make people stop attaching Word files to the wiki. :-(
Prolly gonna lay outta school in the morn & go when 4th block rolls around. #goodplan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
do you have a link or anything? :)
Woohio go chris brown
Congrats Robin!
It takes a very long time to become young
you should start one
Just ordered myself an Alligator Po Boy - got scolded by the chef for ordered a turkey sam...
What you wanna fade?! Lol
happy early birthday!(;
Okay so the other pic that you got of Tierra is for Vin's video. Not the one I made.
bow! Lookin all the way good le'go I got my studio back up and running to I'm ready when y'all ate let's get it!
sharing about free-range media & learning in an environment of trust, living in an unfiltered world
Yes and yes! You had me at pretzel milkshakes.
Luckily my gorgeous face helped me pass!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>
I'm just so sad re: Eureka. Thanks for all the fun, science & spirit.
Absolutely! I was there--I remember.
Feel like our class has gotten closer this last week
3 more days left, and I'm counting down all the way!
A very sad loss in Christian Broadcasting with the loss of Tom Dooley.
Tough night, but I'll say this much: The Hoosiers are back.
At Skinny's Lounge tonight! Show starts at 8pm.
I need Chinese food.
Where is the message?
Going to Trento, Italy, for a workshop tomorrow. The journey will take 18h by train one way. Can understand that people prefer planes.
Burned the cookies while watching Cake Boss.
so excited to go in and see the hypocritical pricks who like to call themselves a church.
Getting drunk: $65
his girl friend find quickly because it grieves us to see you sad. happy bday I love u.............
They're BAAAACCCKKK! The Writing Center is once again offering drop-in assistance at College Library this evening from 7-10 p.m. Stop by.
After receiving the John Philip Sousa award and finding out Roberts is retiring, tonight was memorable. I'll miss this.
where can I find details on the charity golf tourney taking place on Oct. 1?
You should get bonus FFMs for going back there again. Can't wait to see your reports.
Thank you for the RT, and letting me know about LiveBinder!
I have sat in front of this computer for so long I swear I am beginning to collect dust.
nope but they get HIV RT : Do Porn Stars ever Die?
Drinking some of the epic Ethiopian tchembe n2 this morning.
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig (concert).
Don't forget: Great Westside Family Easter Event tomorrow - April 23 - gates open 9am - www.kuik.com for full story.
Tomorrow is gunna be horrible... prove me wrong
"Curating my Twitter" will be my new
....hey babe. Miss u much.
I want to bring her ass to Miami this summer -_- I hope you saved them Bruster's checks hoe!
Oh my god you so damn fine. Move those hips from side to side. (;
I think that Google search just made my night.
lol glad to hear I KO'd you via iPOD! :p New stuff will blow your head off.. so u might not want to fall asleep to it :x
i'm making a yummy little stir fry right now. should be pretty darn fantastic.
awe! But you should love it snowing. And for the heartache . You should be happy
Demi is my inspiration <U+263A> nothing !
Went to school to be a teacher, ended up in journalism. Still not quite sure how that happened.
i dont wanna get braces :/
oh then yes, i would definitely join. (:
This just isn't the same "Top 28" feeling anymore!
My Quote of the Day - "Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.", Oscar Wilde
hey how u doing i would like to talk to u please talk back
Craig Owens and Johnny Rockette tonight at Mojoes in Joliet! Come hang!
haha none yet!
you are either in or out... trying counts as being in! Be confident. say yes!
Just finished Skatin'!
That sounds really good right now.
Speaking of fish, sorry I was supposed to say "he said". HaHa
I'm lucky
at Marsdrive, some of us are exploring the options to create a new space company that meets earth based needs, tweet if you want more info
OMG what has happend its the smoke time in followres about 2b overlapping.its 419 so toke on the cali extreme choke & close ur eyes & dream
Studying my craft! Love being an actor I love this profession! Working on script for and School for scoundrels.
Make sure you let know you had a terrible time!
sending threatening look now
Slashing defense budget jeopardizes those on active duty. Too many pols haven't served. No vet, no vote.
thank you for the mention!
Exclusive: Dayo Okeniyi Talks New Show; Hunger Games Fans To See A New Side Of Him - Cambio
it's great for listening to when you're not really listening. Like, if I exercised, I'd listen to it a lot
i was about to tell you a joke about birds... but then i realized it would be hawkward
idk maybe some kind of spiritual dance
sometimes when i'm bored i like to curl up on the kitchen floor and pretend i'm a crumb
Hammond - hope to find a quality guy at 12th pick. Finding a rotation guy would be great
Im kind of cold right now
#SometimesYouHaveTo let go of your laugh in the middle of class.
I told him I had shit to do tonight and he doing nothing but ignoring that. Tf nigga?
trying stutter edit out on our tracks is like seeing new colors
SHOWCASE YOUR WORK - Submit a photo for Photo of the Week on Musée Online! Make submissions to
Thanks lady! I miss you. Maybe we can have dinner or brunch with our beloveds when I return. It's been too long!
Today, I'm the guy looken sullen, dragging on a cigarette while happy people run off to their yoga classes ;)
Hey, I miss you!:( <3 Skype soon? :) & you should def sing to me haha. :) love you!
heading out to NYC at 5am so no fun other than the Wilco for this boy tonight.
U eggheads get no response from me!
DMDC is on FOX
Still awake... Fml
knocking out so many beats right now. cheesin while doin it too.
to good to be true and r u still on the AZ streets earning your stripes ?
Den Doe! *Ghetto voice* lol
I'm not a big fan of FPS games, mainly because I hate running around looking for ammo
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
don't lie -_-
Totally, but Baltimore is a very challenging place to make an artistic career due to low funding levels.
Regretting my trip to the Why must it be so painful. I always forget - it's somewhere between a root canal and DMV.
Pearls, house shoes, and champagne cocktail in hand
-Hahaha I dnt need yhur dick dey got toys n I got my fingers hahaha-!!
Is it too early to see what the sox can get in return for Youk before the deadline?
*disappears into the woods*
WYD? I JUST WOKE UP.
Jeremy Thompson, Burnett, Matthews.
love you
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
Its still raining. I left last week and it was raining.
Taste of Alpharetta >>>>
well I know the perfect solution...check us out at www.cdbaby.com/rottonwisdom or put us on your Pandora Player! Thanks peace.
Freshman orientation Thursday, then school on Tuesday.. Summer went by wayy too fast.
Ah yes. Mr. Yogato!
Sum girl just told me dat she like to fuck for money
Our PFO is sponsoring a skating party at the Roller Cave on February 8. See you at 6:30!
wednesday. staying in wailea
gonna waste my saturday night by watching a shitload of movies on netflix.
Does anyone has photos from events using Atelier Interctive, Jo Sonja, etc.? We would love to see them!
oh, I can't take no more, her tears like diamonds on the floor.
I am. Jades not
Thank you, Eli!
Good morning twitter. Everyone have a great day and remember only one more day
How are our followers holding up this week? Hard to believe we're in the thick of March already!
I need to win this!!!? Omgg!
i wanna see that video when i go in! lol
that's what I thought! Like maybe she somehow preserved herself with a spell! And she could destroy Klaus? :O
Okay, that's not good....RT : Freedom (the app) crashed my machine every time. Not quite the freedom I wanted.
I have a feelin today school is going to be fun:P but i felt bad yesterday for wht i did to my best guyfriiend:\sorry vinny:))
ok ima shoot ya a txt before tht cool?
Finally went with your rec and had dinner at Virgil's. What a treat :-)
google news alerts just emailed it to me :)
I should really do my homework so I don't fail algebra
Just saw a beautiful black and white woodpecker in Loose Park in Kansas CIty, Missouri enjoying a white birch to no end!
Time to work it out. Hello Monday.
5 guys with and
I'm not moving Rickie out of the lead-off spot. He is walking at a good rate, and his batting average will go up.
i feel bad cus i didnt do it back
Erica did, & course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while - but that's life, kid, work, move, etc.
Be thankful for all the changes and growth you experience.
#ellensdamheroin try playing my chemical romance in your yard.
you're on the outside lookin' in close the blinds
lol I know your awesome!!
My Pilot is officially in agent's hands. Here we go...
You don't need a mirror with a roommate like she tells you how it is!
getting my feet wet
u know it.
I bet it's 70 years if the screen is dimmed and GPS is off. ;-)
My #Irene preparedness kit includes wine, ice cream, and pickle-making supplies. Yours?
lol what that mean mane
Chris told me you might be in the market for some invitation design?
also I am PISSED they are remaking American Psycho. Christian Bale IS Patrick Bale. Lunar Park confirms that.
Maybe rules is the wrong word. How about morals for someone who represents a professional sports franchise?
I'm followin him too
say hi to my homegirl for me. She's the new girl at Armani cosmetics! Have some fun in the sun for me. :)
What a great long break! We hope everyone had a wonderful, safe holiday. Lets have a grea rest of the semester!
Need new graphics for an existing display, installation & dismantling services, shipping, storage or on-site logistical services? 2152799120
great job on the 1 hour (60 min)
Back at the Green Mill in Chicago tonite with the Deep Blue Organ Trio, then off to Ohio for 2 nites with Pharez Whitted's sextet.
Oh. Yeah. RT : smart is sexy. So glasses are sexy. :)
Clippers won! Down by as many as 27 and came back to win by 1.
Good morning GG! My fiance is studying landscape architecture - pretty excited to learn from your tweets!
So glad no one is listening to the teacher.
People break up all the time, mainly for the wrong reasons. They let the smallest things tear apart something so beautiful.
Without saying The Hulk, I'll say Captain America makes a fantastic leader. Hawkeye could've used backstory and screen time.
We are the #1 options advisory service in America. Our subscribers are more than satisfied with our options recommendations. Come join!
I'm glad you enjoyed the Tanz Pea today!
In the next two weeks some amazing things are going to happen! Cant wait for all the excitement!!
its done its never to late to Say thank your
I think & should go to prom together . c':
Traffic.. #annoyed!
Yes. At least once every 20 seconds. RT : Be honest with me: are you thinking about it now?
I want to roast a marshmellow.
honestly i dnt care if he do or not it's a show b u still think his arm is broke its a show not real
Those moments when you're really sleepy but you don't want to go to sleep because you're talking to that special person.
your welcome! my pleasure love hows your day going so far?
If you can’t say it, don’t soap up. Some mass-market soaps contain butylated hydroxytoluene, but our NEW Verve bar soaps *never* contain BHT
Did you know that you can download your Linked In connections? Go to your Contacts menu item, Click on Connections, scroll to the...
:o where's ur cat and not mch
Aww, I love that song! I was just singing it the other day, actually hahah
yeah! Doing the new job happy dance!
Recital at 2 today, everybody should come! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Fear and Loathing; back when Depp was acting
Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men.
And with these graduates from I am almost completely divorced from knowing anyone there. Only 2-3 left...
is this your own doing or does Nicole have you on a turkey kick? Jess makes me use it instead of red meat. Don't judge.
ridin' up my lips
Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year!
8 can get here anytime now..
RT : Bittersweet. scared because it's me against the world. but excited i'll be moving on to bigger/better things
yea I hope so too :-)
One more service today... main service at 10:45. Praying for freshness!
any tuth action reports from this am?
Here's to the kids who are mistreated, misplaced, and misunderstood.
omg just watched it too its so sad :( !xx
Show time!
Fucking Toledo almost gifts the #burn a goal by letting Castillo on on an unguarded side.
That's a guy thing, yo...RT : Speaking of poop, anyone have poop phobia? Doesn't really go with being a mom.
Not sure about this wandering rambling format for the morning keynote.
Fascinating evolution of the English language. Examples: "May I have" is now "Can I get". "Free speech in public" is now "thuggery".
Algebra sucks
Today is Steeler Pride! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
hahahahaha that tweet was the cutest
Sitting in a thunder and lightning crying. I'm so scared :c
Big Weekend GOOD FRIDAY - Sushi Time Masters Golf Tournament - Sushi Time EASTER SUNDAY -
Connect with me on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Youtube! All links are in my profile!
Misconduct by the #STLblues ?! SHOCKING.
feel ya there goin to ny in march and possibly touring in europe in june
you just don't seem to care.
fuck green day.
let's get it fellas!!!! Sho em what u made of!!! Practice hard play hard!!!!!!!
is crazy for
It’s not easy, is it? Fighting for something you could have had && wondering if maybe it’s already too late.
Watching Cincy big men and they just stand around when don't have the ball. They find a block n plant on it and wait for a pass!
Hell hath frozen over. RT : Pau Gasol: Buzzer Beater.
At #ohare airport - they are saying we need to show ID at the gate to get on the plane "by order of the #TSA."
Resuming post-production on experimental documentary 057 this weekend! Stay tuned for details!
This time next week I should be sittin around a pool with my gf
I've got over 30,000 follows on my primary account ... I can & do build trends for charity & rock music art & dance
I am adopting a bunny rabbit who was abandoned :)
i feel like i have no time for twitter anymore :(
glad. You liked the bit
hah, bugger indeed. Lost swarms r bad in any language. I was to split it today..oh well
Are you parent to a teen? Email we want your advice!
So like the most beautiful boy that I have ever seen is at my church right now.....................
I want a maid
I just realized how often I quote Harry Potter everyday.
Getting ready to go to the studio and put this show disc together for T.O.P. they have a show coming up in H-Town at Club Carabana May 9
More money, less work.
got cancer want to go holistic? Find 10 others / ur SAME cancer who follow the EXACT plan you want & ONLY proceed if they r 100% sucessful.
can cody and drake do a photoshoot together, please.
actual deadline is tomorrow? i've been looking at it, wondering how many conferences to commit to.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA Gen. Leonidas Polk evacuated Meridian, Mississippi, leaving the town open to Sherman's army.
hahaha. You should drink then lol
I wish I had a girlfriend
you got this! I realized this morning that I totally hijacked your paper last night. Sorry! I do that sometimes. Lol
I love it when my dentist give me a sticker. Yaay.
Hahaha yeah i know. and thank youu (:
hhaha yea..i really want to meet him <33
our little one no doubt made out like a bandit for christmas this year thanks to grandma, yiayia, aunt heather, uncle jason... and us :)
Just a reminder: change is hard--really, really hard.
i swear i heard an armadillo
My uncle is definitely going to chalk all this up to Obama's secret socialist mission for the US.
Shittin on my ex'
I'm so happy for , she needs to find someone good for her. Love you girl!
found out it was from last night :( BUT only 72 votes off.
My cousin (I am his caretaker) has started smoking again after 8 mo. He just finished chem & radiation for throat cancer. Still in the hosp.
Oh, you'll be admiring my sexy handles and eco-friendly shape will you? You cad! :p
get on a plane. Now.
Some people just act like they care ...
happy birthday!!
Max - we have a bike for you to ride at our Festival. Gotta start somewhere. August 15 and 16 at the Palmer Events Center.
Another morning. I guess it's time to go to the gym.
Was it some dank ass stuff at least?! Damn dude. RT ": If you're stupid & disrespectful enough to smoke weed in a cocktail bar..
Welp..I'm not voting cause there's no to vote for. But if I was it would be for Tony or Jermaine (based on 2nites performances)
Lemonade Day is an awesome program that teaches kids about entrepreneurship www.lemonadeday.org
Good morning
I like it <3 u look always good <3 *-*
Loved the team tango! Deff my fav team dance in all the seasons. The costumes were so adorable! #TeamRochee deff the best in the group;)
Sheamus is trending and i just want y'all to know that's the name of my truck(:
you better get used to playing in the cold!!
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TONIGHT STAY TUNED FOR FRONT STAGE RADIO
Save the date-the old Northfields is now Monroe's Restaurant & Bar Grand Opening June 2. Apps, drink specials & music
“: This drive to Norman seems longer than the trip to Nac. Only to Ardmore. #naptime” GOOD LUCK MAN
DE: ok I am following you. Follow me and you can DM, if you do not have your answer yet. NO PERSONAL INFO as this is not...
And a special thanks to Marissa Cotter and Jill Lauderdale, volunteer staff who showed up for extra painting time today!
Ready to hit the crib
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
But i heard they sold out
Always see people true sides
RT : RT : Solo Dolo. No hoes. No wife. No girlfriend. I'm coolin it til a dame shows real interest...
LOL it's a big day brother!
Thank you Sam! Same to you. We should keep in touch. Btw, I love what you're doing with MyDrinkOn!
Snuck away from the party laying in bed with my baby boy, I'd rather be here anyway.
Mochi ice cream for breakfast
him and some of the guys on gossip girl... <U+E405><U+E328><U+E00E>
at Oilcan Harry's today @ 5pm. #SXSW and #StPatricsDay collide at your favorite local bar.
Which one I ask. I am always looking for talent
Just finished building new Linux server!
question i ask myself every morning: Should i sit in the open seat that looks like it may or may not be wet?
It's lunchtime. Today's Specials: grilled chicken breast panini, BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and chicken noodle soup.
When I see people spell "you" like "yhu." Go somewhere.
Yes, it's the same one. HUGE deal for my client. I'm the photographer. Did the large format graphics, gifts are my promo items.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Repair rules, but do you know anywhere that can regrommet hiking boots?!
Wikipedia isn't only an encyclopedia, but its shown to have less errors than most other encyclopedias.
I love that commercial!
Kiss 108 just called and told me I won tickets to Crooked Arrows but I can't make it! I don't even recall entering but I feel special.
Bout to go home and get dress
what happen? Are u okay?
That's exactly what you're doing to a 16yr old on the internet. Aren't you an adult? Shouldn't you know better?
Just saw myself in the mirror. Man, I LOOK tired as hell. I gotta be better about sleeping.
Looking for B-12? We offer PhytoPharmica #Vegan B-12 chewable/sublingual tablets or we can compound transdermal B-12 with a doctor's Rx.
Meh, I put together a background sound thingy... it consists of rain, thunder and wind, lol :')
Travel really screws up my Google Readering. In other news, math is hard.
do u have mtf transformation
almost there!
My dream of a Capitals - Predators NHL final lives on!!!
Kaylee Deluga recently signed an athletic scholarship to Saint Anselms College in New Hampshire for volleyball.
It's National School Counselor week! To the many school counselors who participate in our partnerships, thank you for your hard work!
I've done open-ended manually, as well as w/HyperResearch ... but it's been a while. Wondering if better tools exist now
life short an a midget told me that , an i always thought i wwas fly like i had a pidgeon on my back
I would :)
a used diaper?
Golf please....
Haha, thank you. We are making a lot of changes, even changing the name, but it'll only get better, right? :)
wait so raven symone is a lesbian
As per director Lonnie Bunch, will include visual arts w/ a special focus on contemporary art- yay!
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
lol well I do .
I read EVERYTHING but I am passing on this one. However, I just got my wife started on it. Thanks Bert Show!
fingers crossed, toes crossed, Viola please Viola!!
I'm soo awesome oh so awesome It's amazing how awesome I am!!!! Lmaol Jhoselyne moment of the day!!!! :)
thanks for the s/o!!!
Welcome to Twitter! Hope to see you next week! xx
Damn its over for d.rose
I am inspired everyday by those who surround me...thank YOU for being part of that inspiration! :)
Next week's courses: Word-Intermediate 1 (M), Dreamweaver-Basic 1 (T), Access-Basic 1 (W) & Excel-Basic 1 (R). www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Office Depot Q1 Earnings Preview
Over 150 views on my video since yesterday! Thank you all for watching and sharing <3
Too much news from muted TVs at bars...or maybe just enough. News ticker = Twitter tv.
So was Diane Keaton tripping balls during her appearance on Colbert Report, or what?
#Taurus best is a
If at first you don't succeed just quit
Ray Rice would fumble
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Now that you mention that, he does always draw the play for D Wade.
Niggaz is star wipes nowadays.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom. - Sophocles
Judging by his own performance and by Gallardo's, Suppan must have taken the Cardinals aura to San Diego.
I don't know if I could watch that, for real.
Friendly Reminder: Today is Tuesday- the cheapest day to buy airfare! So buy now & call us if you're headed to/from Chicago! (630) 363-9027
Both! If learning is to occur, teaching must be effective. To be effective, someone must learn!
Let us know when you get the book and what you think. Spread the word- create awareness
Who has seen the new Harry Potter? Good? Bad? Fill me in.
$ to be made both selling processed food & the drugs/surgery to tx obesity
I feel like I have to read 50 Shades of Gray just to see what all the buzz is about. Peer pressure doesn't end in high school.
thank you Mrs. A :)
I hope you got Spicy Chicken...
Your hybrid/programmer podcast made me want to be Canadian. Well, more than I already do.
see you there! “: We'll be outchea tonight! Be there! TONIGHT: OPEN BAR $10 Entry and at 8:00 at Busby's East.”
Give us a tweet shout out if you've registered for this year's convention in - over $3k in incentive prizes!
iPad app shld let usr increase font size and thn drag pg around to read. Dont just digitiz screen shots. Use device's capabilities.
also a contact email address somewhere that doesn't require logging in to the wiki
I Fall Asleep Listeniing To Music I Love It It Relaxes Me(:
hit me up with #SonyTablet and make my girl happy
GUYS CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUOUT AND ILL GIVE YOU ONE ?!
excellent.. Now I know who to go to for stories.
Has anyone written the "It's really hot when women I'm interested in have extensive football knowledge and passion" blog post yet?
Hahahahah good question. I ask myself that everyday. I only see my office and my bed. I had to visit a friend in the hsptl
beside of being a belieber i'm a rusher nd i'm proud 2 be both
So interesting how people's #attitudes contribute directly to the #energy level in the room...
Hey! Where the party at?
Check out our fishtail braids on www.clipitz.com
hey Dave can I get a follow? Been a fan ever since I've used your guy in Madden, he's a beast with Fitzpatrick!
Whoo hoo! Just found out that tonight's #H50 is a repeat of my episode. Powa Maka Moana! Look for the distraught parent!
Just took a shit. It smells like vodka.
ON #WISCONSIN!!!
I am going to come and visit you all the time :) I am glad I got to see you last night!We will party next weekend or sometime soon
But after Bush #1, Clinton, Bush #2, then Obqma, I shouldn't have any faith in people.
Got a turntable , my Animal Collective Ticket, and a Capo for my guitar . Love having a job
We´re excited to welcome our fall study abroad participants in less than a month. Good luck packing - don´t forget your swimsuit!
I'm not the sweetest thing in world , so why bother being nice
Yelp check-in not working, but im checking out one of these coney island restaurants that appear to be everywhere in dearborn. Whee!
Missed #BloombergWest earlier :[ , luckily its coming back on at 11 :]
Courtney Cox tits are so big in this Longest Yard remake
Lucky to be at Four Corners right now on this beautiful day!
GTFO MS NEWTON I HATE YOU AND YOUR STUPID ASSIGNMENTS
RT : Celebrate Easter with us / at 6:00p. will climb some ladders.
Crosby just became a legend
i am jealous of all the mahomies who live in new york who get to see your concert. i live in australia. #cometoaustralia ?
Sorry account was hacked!!! Fixing it now, we don't actually have funny pictures of you.
Exciting morning for #DNation #Milwaukee! Kent Watson has joined our ranks and Shannon has hit her $250 mark! Congrats!!!
is the best :))
#TheyNeedToBringBack All the 90's shows.
Congrats to ! Gravity Was Everywhere Back Then was added the MoMA's permanent collection. Woo hoo!
Did CBS switch to a rugby game?
you look beautiful in your new pic!
Good food and paying with swag..2 wins!
RT : write about a guitar or play the guitar?
Deciding on what movie to watch from my laptop. Haven't used it in a long time. =
Thanks John Paul! A Happy #followfriday to you & yours! :-)
Good morning! Who wants some samples? I'm sending some out today!!
Daughter hasn't started school yet but already scheduled an appt to meet chair of her new department.
we bout to shut this bitch down
Hey! He shaved his back!
and its my bday! Thanks for the inspiration!
Thanks for the shout out on Clicgear 3.0! We appreciate it! Stay in touch.
Guys I'm so happy right now
RT": Just a fration of your love fills the air and i fall in love with you all over again <3"
When i see you smile it makes me smile
Bible Verse of at the Day: It is Written, He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me...
#youmightbeanautismparentif you don't believe autism is tragedy. You believe that a belief like that is tragedy.
you have my number...
The Museum is the catalyst for discussion you didn't know you wanted to have, in a vetted "space."
Thanks for shout outs! Happy
Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always!
Ooh, I have seen one episode of that but I always forget when it's on!
that is awesome!
Thank you SO much for posting this & continuing to post! There are far too many stigmas attached-info needs to get out!
I think i just realized i dont have keep searching for that person who understands me completly. God filled that tonight.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 90
I should know this, it's in my major.
like a silky smooth jumper!
Saw a John Bradley DA sign, must be Austin, must be your DAd!!
My head hurts. Gonna go to bed like now. :(
yea...right. ik what your doing. It'll behoove you to stay off the grid for a while
that's original.
RT : RT : skepta's music video was nothing bad. Stop hyping it up like it is some kind of hardcore porn movie.
Guess what? Sackbutt!
Long range planning works best in the short term - Dan Hansen
Insurance spam from the AIA. Just when you think an institution cant really sink any lower..
Thanks! It's always been a huge favorite :)
guess i can't put off doing my taxes any longer
Props to Megan for telling Don the truth.
beer at obriens tonight will be local so you're just stimulating the economy.
aha double 6s..i win u pay me!
Friday the 13th bitches.
all I wanted for my birthday was a twitter mention, thanks for making my dreams come true.
haven't been, but excited to go. Ain't no boondoggle like a PK boondoggle (plus is in).
RT Want $200 to shop everything ? Just RT this post in the next 4 hours, and you're in the running. Go!
RT : how nice is it to skip seventh period :')
Yeah I am going to the Vinum one. Whats at the grill?
bored....DM for the number
I wanna go to bdubs today, Who wants to go?
KD damn near traveled
Good Night Good People.. Tomorrow is a new day. Lets make it happen
17 times teams have come back down 3-1 to win the series.
"Never take your access for granted"--
how difficult is it to listen when we are praying; what can we do to help that?
My 9 month old niece is ticklish and it is so cute!
Please follow me(: 12
You put on for ya city all the way from ya mommas house
You don't need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you for who you really are.
Hahaha theres a kid next to me breathing really heavy ah :P
I love you <U+E022>
im no where near your level...
Folks we need to get on #Community!
oh ah ... Amici’s has Homemade Lobster Bisque tonight! Along with our great Fish Fry!! Check out our limited $5 martinis from 10pm -12am
Thanks! So glad it was a small one.
Fish facts: Populations that eat fish regularly live longer then those that don't!
I don't get why not. I have a fourth person to go.
Coaching lax in nice weather is better than coaching lax in crappy weather.
I went with a sleeve.. now thinking it was not the way to go. YMMV.
true true! :)
I agree
Happy mothers day to all my twitter moms who follow me..enjoy a nice nights rest and wake up to a full day of fulfillment!
Suffering from a headache, fatigue or weakness? Probably lacking magnesium. Diet sources include bananas, avocados, whole grains & legumes
It's 'Teacher Planning Day' at SEI TOMORROW (2/3)! Spend some quality time with your kids on a Friday!
make the playoff lets go
Proud of the team. The only company that has SHIPPED #gamification for Salesforce, Jive, & IBM.
It does say, "This space is not meant for banner ads or other promotions."
...but what do I know? I'm just a monkey.
The Del Grande Dealer Group is announcing one of the largest sales events of the year; DGDG's President's click for details for all stores h
How come when I raise a suited connecter 3/4 of the time the door card is gin and next two are shit
Too much to do...
Joe Girardi and Ben Erwin have just officially met...FACT
You're having me worried, what's with the red line today?
percogesic, but only if you don't have to function. Best over the counter muscle relaxer ever.
morning! How are you? Lots of love your amazing and I love you ok so follow me please? Yeah? No? Maybe? I love you
hey(: #GoodNight <3
i would like to request "Feelin Fine" by
merry christmas (:
and I need a new closer
Having car problems? We can help by coming to your office or business. Huge discounts on oil changes and auto repair. No mess-No fuss!
That's just gross. Take that bitch to McDonalds and fatten her up.
how could i say no to that face. (:
Some of us like like a Black Woman with some "meat" on her bones. It's a "healthy" look !
illegall? Haahahahhaa wow that's funny
One more chance tonight to see von Trier's 'Antichrist' on 35mm. Not the easiest film to watch, but it makes for GREAT lobby talk after.
Joey Boy! Play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
It's no fun cooking for one.
Gearing up for a photoshoot next Wednesday for the Cincinnati Enquirer!
umm basket ball?
Saw on a church sign: Worship is not complete until it produces obedience. I want to add- and a hunger for God's Word.
I have once, really terrible, won't drink again.
still getting used to this twitter thing
Anyone have a Google+ invite for me?
Here we go do work.
There's a group of Fing Dbags outside the gates of our complex. U know when a dude is in sweatpants & no shirt shadow boxing he's a tweaker
Watching last night's #Simpsons with again. Snorting with church giggles as Lisa tries to write YA book. Best episode in years.
Spinning at ECCO tonight! Over 200 porn stars are attending the party. Already sold out! It's gonna be insane <3
It just seems like nothing ever works for me, why can't I just be happy like everybody else around me?
teaching service learning with an emphasis on the effects of poverty and educational disparity
lol, its gonna be ugly quick
The one night I'm able to sleep in and I wake up at 5:30am!
R.I.P M-Bone
Giants sign Eli Manning to new 97.5 million dollar deal. Eli now has the highest average annual salary in the NFL
The rocking chairs there are so pleasant for bird watching. I haven't been out to Mason Neck yet this spring, need to go!
Maria & Derek time!
it's finally the REAL Opening Day!
I'm in the mood to 3 a box jump.
There can't be us if I dont have u....
I can't decide where to eat lunch today. Any recent favorites for near-mall, at least moderately healthy, not Rev Soup? #lunch in
Thank you! It went well.
the colts ARE gonna come back this season. i'd put money on it. c;
I think I'm finally moving over from Tweetdeck to Hootsuite to manage my personal social streams. Really hate the new Tweetdeck, used to...
interesting set of people in your sphere of influence. some very comical. checking out your website now. cheers!
1 week till the studio!!!!
Sadly, no mimomas or bloody marys this morning, or it'd have been more than ideas buzzing. ;)
Happy Mother's Day from our staff at Kuko's. Don't forget our Mariachi will be performing at 8pm! - Bryan
Quite right, Natalie. Mutual appreciation society member, and gladly.
nothing short of an addiction
In finding love, "Don't be searching for someone to live WITH, rather search for someone who we cannot live WITHOUT." - Bill Johnson
ahh!! I JUST HAD A GREAT IDEA! Let's have a puppy or kitty with us too!:D it'll be so cute to have around <3
This morning. My teacher played faded in class and it reminded me of (:
You know when you have found your prince because you not only have a smile on your face but in your heart as well. ~Author Unknown
's also in the photo!
PUMPED HERE! [: <3
just plain upset right now.. :(
Who is Steve Aoki?? Don't miss this one...
how do u win back a virgo guy
Its My Birthday!!! Cali It Is!
The Brown Family from Sister Wives will join us at 6:30a
GREAT day today :) glad my mum had a wonderful Mother's Day! I had fun too with friends <U+2665><U+2665>
RT : Spoke too soon on LaMike based off the articles im reading. Imagine I just caused quite a stir in Oregon. #GoDucks (Indeed)
Contemplating the day and its direction
Ever get totally random words stuck on repeat in your head? Like deoxyribonucleic acid. And malocclusion. Ugh!!!
#uCantBeToughAndSay my favorite movie is the notebook
omg!! I love Niall! He's amazing well they all are! I just don't get how people are mean to Niall smh
that's awesome!
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD), announced the completion of patient enrollment into the Company’s Phase 2 pancreatic cancer study with TH-302
No takesies backsies on tequila Tuesdays when you were responsible for the tequila!
I wanna move from this hell whole I call home< 3
LOL - okay, remind me who your mother is!!!
It's as if both teams are Savin their energy for extra time.
Tsutomu Shimomura~ We call things we dont understand complex but that means we havent found a good way of thinking about them.
Haven't worked out since Friday, & the food I consumed this weekend was unhealthy... Back on my #gymflow 2morrow
Ahausuejsidsi JUSTIN BIEBER ;D
I'm weak, well hopefully the with give you your phone back soon.
Anyone looking for a paid internship this summer?
nice to know you'll get paid well for working 2 hours a day since the commute will take up the rest of your (short) day.
Ha nothing like almost heading to Nashville instead of Chicago at 4am
Eddie Moten makes his presence felt as he intercepts a pass and returns it for a touchdown, Preds lead 34-10.
February 1692....The Salem Witch Hunts begin
Me too!! Totally forgot to wear green today -- no pinches yet!
having to take the day off work because i can't stop throwing up, vodka will be the death of me.
Keep me in mind with your #WPB and Key West <<<--- or any keys related Tweets! :)
Yo what up Angela. Nice Tumblr but gotta admit that Simon Cowell thing freaked me out pretty hardcore. Lol!
yayyyyyyy the picture of us lol
#ThingsILookFor in someone I'm dating YOU MUST BE ROMANTIC!!!
that face is because this stupid hw is super boring -.- and really?? Hahahaha you should say him hi ;) hahaha
LIAM! Its sunny here in America.. How's your weather? (:
hey hey hey. did you change jobs? how are you? catch up soon?
dinger is a fucking idiot for that
thanks Oliver!
when you come back to milwaukee you can play with mine ;)) <33 hope all is well!
muthafucka locked the Door On Me if you ain't Notice lol -.-
RT : If ethnic studies are banned, no more English lit then, right? Or Western Civilization?
“A disorder in bilinguals is not caused by bilingualism or cured by monolingualism” (Kohnert, 2007, p. 105)
#whoknew a car's seat belts have program codes? & sometimes a dealer has 2 reset codes 4 SRS 2 function properly?
not being able to walk is some real shit
cool. Good luck, do your best & don't give up!
..wait there's a #bucks game going on...
S/O to for diggin my new avi!! YouTube this man he about to make it big in the game! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What are your weekend plans? In the same time it takes to watch a movie or take a walk you could help a child in need!
might go see chris saturday ..
Home Made? Total work of it -- movement, music, media -- impressive. Plays thru Wed., but I hear they may add a date.
I'm with ya
S/O to thanks for the follow back
Bill Hader's eyebrows have more life than 70% of people exhibit in their sum existence.
Aww ur so nice=] I'm ok just hope I don't puke 0_0
here here! RT : In this together.
you did amazing last night, I love you wifey. <3 ;*
ESPECIALLY if you saw the women helped by its programs. RT How could you NOT want a Violence Against Women Act ?
We are open for Dinner this evening! Stop by and try our new Chef's Tasting Menu! To be updated soon.
I might get kicked out of school tomorrow for beating the shit out of the kid who bullied Alexandria
Who is using LinkedIn ads? How are they working? Are you doing B2B or B2C or both?
I take em back like return flights
you're without Internet and cable right now too?
it was a fire at the recycling center.
Cool cover story in Dec Think about infosci implications of billions w/ personal digital archives!
Getting some rest in tonight before jumping into sessions all weekend for my 2 new web series, SCHOOL & BOARD and MATCHING THE DRAPES!
The problem with spurs is the wackiness it wreaks on regular service. I like the map though. Perhaps add some WeHo service?
Thanks for your insightful interviews with & Diversity in publishing is thriving!
too fast.. but Cotto caught em fosho.. better than anyone flaw paquio chineese chicken next to Floyd..
damn im starving
Of course! Flowers, chocolates & breakfast in bed!! Hope u have a great Mother's day too :)
Dear , is that you with the handlebar mustache in the Heineken bare knuckle boxing commercial? :-)
They are just hiding better, still have 8 in house! ;)
“: Haha Twitter tonight>>>”
Is Little Ricky Perry a good case for "creation" gone bad or for unfinished "evolution?"
ugh..how did I know you'd be one to comment(;
Rumor has it my spirit was invoked at #sca2012. Sorry I missed your sweet tall skinny self! Let's catch up soon!
Damn instead of getting more followers I have lost 2 now I only got 56 :(
most recipes I'm seeing are just lemon peels steeped in vodka, then steeped in simple syrup. easy!
Anal yes or no? Ouch message us
Feel like a zombie after last night's show. Ears are muffled, voice is gone and everything just hurts. So worth it, though.
Check out my illustration on the Mod Sun Friendbase facebook page..its the profile pic..workin on a / joint
Thanks! It's hard to beat a sunset in Seattle!
Seeing past lovers makes you look back at all the little things that made you fall for them…
please follow me back Cody .. :)
Hi Bethany, thanks for the follow. Looks like another great day in Sunny Co.
m, wasabi and pickled ginger.
FRI Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Parsnip Soup with Crispy Parsnip Strips & Basil Chiffonade
All this anti-KU schadenfreude I'm feeling will no doubt backfire on me when Jeff Withey inevitably ends up on the San Antonio Spurs.
I've passé all my finals today :D :D :D
i want to rip thses fake nails off
Why should Phoenix care if the Coyotes relocate to another city? All 12,000 of the fans that go to the games will get over it.
An hour ago I had chills with goosebumps, now I'm sweating. The #hypochondriac in me is loving this.
U win some, u lose some. But u live, u live to fight another day
I'm doing that now as we speak. ATLiens was too good, yo. I wasn't expecting that experience.
“: give a a shout out homie”
also good spot for dining solo... very attentive waitstaff
her body looked like senor hanes squished in that pencil skirt.
Cyberinfrasructure as means to serve indiv/teams/orgs in ways that revolutionize what they do and how they do it
I'm helping to plan out some way to promote 'snow' science - wanna help? when you think of snow, what do you think of?
SO fun having my girls and visit for lunch at & showing off the offices.
#icantgoadaywithout eating but honestly who can?.?
I think "moral argument" might be a bit of a stretch...
I'm a big fan because he gets an undeserved hard time from Reds fans, and that's a weak reason for me being a fan??? Okay....
Lots of fun!
Playoffs are a completely different animal. Totally different intensity level. No more Bobcats and Wizards
and not get work done? I can not. :(
gained weight where exactly? (kidding) :-)
Tweet it in a Canadian accent...sounds much better ": Goal GABBY. win. Yes"
Bro, i love your music. Just keep being boss xD
#immvt peer2peer learning resonates, sticks w students
we know inauthenticity when we see it -- from
The pleasure is all mine! Congrats on the press and IFQ win!
Reminder: We're re-opening at 7pm, and we'll be serving beer, wine & cider at happy hour prices from 7-8pm tonight! See you soon!
Chemical spill closes entry to downtown @ 10th and B. Traffic jam on SB 163 at Balboa Park. Use SB I-5 or surface streets.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful Be yourself!
so about that 'the bay' acapella for me to make a house remix...how do you want to send it to me ;) e-mail?
Feeling blue. =(
saw Full Service at Stubb's on Fri night. Cool show!
Stop by today before, during, or after the Cubs game for $4 Great Lakes beer, $4 Absolut Peppar Bloody Mary's and $4 Mimosa's
Help Haiti. this could have happened to LA, SFO or NYC. No press conferences or photo session, just send money and help
I dont know what I want anymore ='(
I LOVE YOU TOO <3
What's for breakfast??
ISWYDT with those Buy 2 get 1 free deals .... Nah playa I'm good with my buy 1 get 1 free joints ...
School needs to crawl in a hole and die
I was thinking about getting one. It's clear I need it, haha.
was a great time! Looking forward to doing this again!
decisions, decisions, decisions....trying to decide which painting to put up for this week's art auction...any requests or suggestions?
Feeling motivated today. Usually don't wake up with the same motivation I went to bed with. Cheers to my hustlers.
I hate girls that believe their boyfriends over their friends!
good looks bud! Wanna move to Vegas!?
I heard that it was starting to get banned in some places so I wanted to snag a copy before it was gone. ;-)
I can see it in your eyes babe!!
Just so everyone knows, I look really hot in my new vanna shirt :)
#SignsAPersonCantCook wen dey Oak Meal Looks like Watery Throw up!!
#BibleStudy poppin collars putting this Jesus swag on display!
Beautiful Christmas morning in KY. Missing my kids--not our year to have them with us. O Come Let Us Adore Him--Christ the Lord!
what's the win/loss over the past 10?
Aaron Holiday had 36 points and Cole Huff finished with 23 points, 19 rebounds and 10 blocks.
someone butchers rocky mountain way and you idiots play it on the radio? Cannot stand this station.
Well, back up to W. V., Sat., Sun. at the Purple Fiddle, love this place, if you are anywhere near, come by.
yes it is -.- so much! -.- I wish I can go back to high school -.-
Who's coming to see us in Cleveland March3rd at Peabody's we need some photos and live vids so we would like to work with you!
the Dr. Said if I was going to do any yard work I needed to wear protection .... It took me a hour to put a condom over my head
Gorgeous designs !
He's not at fault here. The point is that he's made stuff up consistently in the past, and this doesn't wipe the slate clean.
It was MAYHEM today at my school! There was about FIVE fights,and 30 students got suspended!
yep yep, so did the letter work everything good?
Too sad, we'll miss you!
Time for the draft...watching with ice on the knees and on the back. Ah. Let's do this
Three yards to sadness. I can't believe this crap!
Last night I dreamed I bought a beemer. It was black and oh so shiny.
Over coming lifes struggles make you a better person
Won't help her abilities?? You've obviously never heard me sing in the shower
looks like this girl is gonna be canceling some home visits this afternoon if the weather does what it's supposed to!
RT Im about to start my new diet !! This shit better work just sayin? Smh
you're the best, thanks for your help
just dance 2, with my boy. <3
I tryed lobster and its fuckin gross.
Harry potter and the deathly hallows 1&2 > studying for finals
ha! Likewise...until we play each other :)
no it's not!
soup's on!
I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season.
Yall can blame T Mac for that Josh Smith shot..he was over there buckin his head up after Smith got that dunk haha
“: If J Cole and Kendrick Lamar work together, that will be historical.” DEFF! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Does anybody wanna jump on the Paper Thin Disaster, Sourblood, When Legends Die show? Email !
Go Carl! Joe doesn't have a chance
I ran over a bird... Ewe
It surpasses expectations. Has me craving literary fiction, limes, as well as a trip to Disney.
That moment when you polish off the 3rd glass of wine & then remember you've only eaten an apple today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I love how when I log into twitter my cp automatically is running operations of outside influence.
I'm sure R has already given you a swift kick to say Happy Mother's Day
Extra mad! RT: How mad is JoJo Simmons about Diggy's music fame?
no thanks. No good use for it. Save it for only a matter of time!
Is it weird that upon finishing a book on my Kindle, I want to buy a hard copy & stick it on my shelf?
Swagger is the way to success!! lol
I read all 3 of 's books this wkend. Wish I could write that well now i need an aspirin
So excited about our #international night event People are beginning to arrive, and they are bringing specialty food. Yummy!
A guy who truly loves his girl doesn't have to unbutton her shirt to see a better view of her heart.
sounds about right... Just drive by. I handled 100's of shootings and homicides..HOCO takes it serious... Command truck and all
It's strange when you finally read the text that you've been reading *about* for years. (Emerging Viruses, ed. Stephen Morse)
Law an Order SVU.
"Institutionalized" by Suicidal Tendencies is a great F'N song!
Had a great time hanging with you too! And the Thunder won, so that makes it an even better evening.
#NF THE LOVELY U ;-)
Devon Johnson is a hater
Best sushi on 30A created by Chef Easterly
Day 2? ENOUGH already.... ozzy is a waste of your air time. Lets get to the sport talk in english. -
is that better than normal?
lmao I don't hate you!
I love VT. But, then again, I love LA.
I try to save all my less amusing things to say for Facebook
Taking care of home then I'm out
lol shouldn't u be sleep there kiddo?
Better to stumble than make a slip of the tongue. ~ Russian Proverb
Getting Ready To Go To Bed and Whatch TV! Soo Exhausted!!
"Like" this status if you are excited for the New Year!
Thanks bud! I appreciate that! :)
bed* good night. ill twee to ya at in like 15 minutes. jk. rofl.
Cucumbers! So Good. So good for your body. #Free! #Idea! Cut up some slices and put in a pitcher of water. Refreshing, different, yum! 31612
RT : lol...Ya'll shoulda' never let me figure this thang out...! I'm glad i'm here tho. I'm gonna make this fun!
Dude and double dude - PVC "red hot" is the worst non-warfare item ever created. The warning list reads like a horror tale and it's true!
its my 16th birthday can i please get a shoutout? love you! :)
it was my youngest bro asking so I guess I'll find out when I get to OKC
Gonna get in a knife fight today. #Troilus & Cressida.
when i applied to St johns, they required 4 years of those subjects
follow back!
The final materials have been ordered. Custom gaming tokens coming soon!
Still going. My current distance is 5.05 miles. Current song is Far Behind - Candlebox
what are you doing today?
The Shins have an album coming out next year!
": People referring to OKC as "they team" <<<<<<<<< start back holding the Bulls nuts damn." I swear
Southern Tier oak aged un*earthly imperial India pale ale now pouring.
House passed Debt Ceiling bill. Also, Sisyphus near summit, deck chairs successfully moved, Linux users are still looking for a break
I mean with such a great deal on my hands, how could I pass that up.
unveils a new burger---called the Hot N' Juicy.
My uncle said that he doesn't catch balls cause he already has some.
send us your resume!!! :)
Andy Fisher of campaign says they're not calling the race yet. They're waiting for bigger counties to report
Ask iLounge: Using iTunes Match to convert protected tracks from other iTunes accounts
Good Morning loves, on my count down 2 more hours of work and im out this jam ;)... Have a blessed day everyone :*'s
Thanks for the MT & tips!
Awesome #nerdanswer. RT : . Walmart lowers its prices exponentially. They will approach zero, but never reach zero.
Kobe has not looked right since that incident in Denver. Cheeks hollow.
please don't I am begging you!
Haha. They're probably still bitching about loud Depeche Mode and a bone drill.
there's a nice finality to it. "That's all I have to say about that." Will probably make great/awful reading in a year.
I'm very much looking forward to 2011. Good riddance 2010!
": Jacob was playing music Saturday morning and I knew it all and he was so impressed it was cray"I must've been OUT
and so true lol
TY so much for the RTs! I appreciate you.
Hitting the gym then enjoying this amazing weather
No matter how many times you say "Okay", your parents will not stop talking.
hill!! I may be there! How long were u goong?
Lifelog as documentation of relationship between driver & car, makes me recall "Blue-y," the car I grew up with #altchi is too cool
Man I need someone to talk to
yeah, I'm pretty damn psyched
Got a haircut. Hopefully people will stop asking me for Crystal Gail's autograph now.
#1DNewEnglandContest forever grateful.
Dibens got passed, OUCH
rangers won! :)
So pissed right now. Work wants me off an autism team eval because I "know the kid too well." Guess thorough evals aren't important anymore.
When exactly do you die? When the heart stops (Republican) or the brain no longer works (Democrat)?
ima finish these watching these documentaries later.
Damn missed calls
So do we! :) What's your favorite dish? RT : I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD
I remember the Giants playing the 49ers in the NFC Championship 1990, the best game I ever saw!!! I hope today is just as good!!!
true story female and male!!
I mean if my man can't go out and drink with me, I won't be a happy girl
Loving the moon tonight!
#teamfollowback follow , , they follow back=)
Happy bday to me
How did tidying up my living room for company turn into cleaning out my closet?
Mack has taken over
: you're going to do great! Im rooting for ya!!!
yes i get jealous... i dont show it but i do
isnt it always
For any questions or comments for NoAccSplash (on Cydia), please email Brandon at !
You feed beefburgers to swans!
all indications are that it's the owner's orders to rebuild w/out tanking. Seems would do it differently if he could.
Why does say "What a load of old Poppycock" Find out tonight.
Screw trying to find a miserable job this summer. I'm gonna make my own while making myself and others happy.
i love you girl youre great<33 but uh i still wanna run on the treadmil & the exercise bike!
yep it's coming up quickly!!!
Raising funds & awareness 4 #nobelityproject w in Austin tonight.
Lady, I'm just so happy that you are still blogging! I saw your post title and my heart dropped for a second.
If he isn't, they can say goodbye to my Club Season tickets as well as my fandom since 1977!
ya Ypsilanti girl is gettin ma3qouda lol we gotta make it fun n I don't mean makin fun of ppl lol
It's warming up in FL thank goodness. Me & the cold don't go together
your broke remember!
Haha, yes, that's exactly how I sound!
confused... i ain't heard from him in two days ugh to depress
Its more Where that came from..
Thats why people will fill those seats! We pay to see a fighter not a take you down and win a score card battle!
yes. yes of course. just name the time and place and we'll be there. thanks!
Congrats, and glad to hear that you're moving down here!
No No No I'm just a twitter Houdini. Here one moment then busy the next
Every one try to trend #welovegreyson!!!(:
what I do?
Follow us on Twitter:
We do!! Tweet us to find out! RT : 5pm in Chicago! Happy Hour Time! Any bars have some great specials?
plus they missed something - dinosaur gas that bad would've meant it was very loud in the Jurassic period. :)
grilled sweet potatoes! Interesting idea! Looks good.
Me neither.
City has incentivized more than 1 billion in economic development and 13280 new or saved jobs.
BOO BOO STEWART IS SO CAAAUUUTEE :) <3
RT : services, rates shoot way down. NPO's like knock it down to low 20%'s as opposed to state's...
That's amazing. Was that at the YMCA?
STARMAKERS tonight at Stage AE with Gary Racan and the Studio E band!
So excited to see & tonight
Hurry, ending soon! Paint scratch removal priced at 50% off. Stop by in downtown #SanDiego. Same day service, most vehicles.
Another great free show tonight: Lucky Lawrence & The Souvenirs
FOLLOW ME IF YOUR IN LOVE WITH ONE OF THE ICONIC BOYZ
someone shoot me I wish I was out like lil amp he is out
I think he is considered a OLB.
I'm equal-opportunity boozefun, but gin-drunk turns me into a ghost. True story.
of course.
just scheduled my master's defense omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgfreakout
just saw 2 of the biggest box turtles I've ever seen
Dammmmnnnnnn I like a man in uniform lol
A real nigga + a real female = a REALationship
It's a good name. It's basically complimenting you and saying you have a brain. :-)
see, thats more like it. I knew it...and I win. Sarcasm or not...it counts, you said it, so I believe it.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
We are doing big things I will have shirts this week I think!
Ryan we're cryin'
Where did you see that ? TV or Online?
I don't think you realize how much I dislike you.
Of water
Need to find something's just for me,I share too much of myself
cock e
thank you! I read, I liked, I will be back!
Belated thanks for the RT! Strange, you didn't show up in my mentions feed until today...
Oh no! Host Gator killed your Gallery :(. Hope you don't mind, I listed it under my class's Inspirations links at Full Sail.
every time finals role around I find myself laughing about ur twitter story about the threesome leading to your xmas tree exam
Let's play the follow and unfollow game :D haha
Shoutout to my 50th follower!!! !! hit up for your prize package!
ive been here the whole timee
Uggs, black and gold ones. They are hella cute
Hard pants?
Getting ready to record Former Chiefs QB Trent Green for sports later this week....
My #zumba classes at have TOTALLY prepped me for a stint on
no theme, just formal event...
are you working at the pool this year?
Happy Birthday!
thank you, thank you!
That pretty much sums you up as a person right there /hugs
Absolutely crazy! Time is going fast...hope for a nice sunny day:).
I CANT WAIT TO MOVE OUT!! I WANT IT TO HAPPEN NOW!!!
Dr. Bieber.:) ... #Justinbieber.. Bieber fever is spreading across the country...! Its uncureable.:) ..
Hotel Job Resource Entry Level Sales and Marketing Now Hiring PA ...: Job Listing Details for: Entry Level Sales and Marketing - Now ...
retweeted my buddy ! What a way to celebrate a year since the best concert of my life. Thanks so much, JM & Co
Having tweeting with his fans is so sick! Can't wait to watch golf again.
Saturdays are now Taco Night! Tonight we're doing pork or fish!
Dj on the ones n twos. We getting it started!
no history. i like van morrison. it rhymed.
You husband asked me the same question. TW has a father/son event. I'll be all my myself.
deral to get #rgiii is worth it cuz rookie wage scale makes free agent mkt relevant again. Agree!?
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Don't use your income to buy luxuries, use your income to build ASSETS - then when they're sufficiently ready, let THEM buy your luxuries..!
Happy 28th birthday to !
Made a #coolass shirt!!
Vince is the best what a sweet guy.
fuck Cleveland and that shitty ass owner who doesn't deserve shit. Esp those fans who burnt his jersey.
Janice the office manager
nite mama's
I Kissed on Em , You kissed him ...
Great choice! You can never go wrong with a P2
Can anyone recommend a decent book on WordPress theming? I've never been able to find one I like.
omg it's awesome haha :) <3
maybe u should txt back!!!
yea same here
whatsss up girl
Leaving Austin and eating my last burger for a while...clearly won't be having any in California.
The moment when you're listening to a song & suddenly find yourself feeling the beat lol
Leaving us with #Iz somewhere over the rainbow.
dang. he told me the same thing. Thought I was special.
T.S. Eliot is written into the script JUST for the Prufrock/cocaine joke. Superficial references all around. The acclaim is baffling
Its chilly..in April..in south florida
BTW, check the App Market every day... .10¢ app sale - 10 different apps every day for only a dime each!
#sharktank season 3 is off to a roaring start -- the Sharks have the gloves off on
Follow me? ;) #MonsterFamily!!
Don't wait around for something to happen this week, take it to the streets. Pound the pavement!
Alex is the family wizard!! I knew it!:D
Start DREAMING: If you can dream it you can visualize it... When we visualize we are synonymously working to achieve all that we dream. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Gotta catch up on the Playoffs
RT : Tonight Fusion I from Lagunitas!! Come by for this hyper limited beer. Or grab a $5 glass of wine, $4 Allagash or $2 PBR!!
#myfirstjob would have to be prostitution. I've heard it brings in such great income.
Who does #AlbumArtwork #SingleArtwork #Artwork #Graphics #CDGraphics on twitter!? Hit me up so I can compare rates
Line at Target in Bloomington has more than 1,500 people for midnight opening
Working with a depressed 5 year today. Bringing her a ray of hope.
Was that an earthquake in McLean? Anyone else feel that?
Guys, if Obama is elected to another term I'll be freaking...happy.
they really arent :)
IF I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND I NEVER LET YOU GO (:
Some people might say their job supports their poker addiction, but I would say poker supports my Starcraft addiction
Good Morning <3
Thanks for the retweet of my flood pic! Have you read #CrawfishBottom by Doug Boyd? Interesting stuff.
Maaaaannn that was so funny that night!!!!!
We have the gayest conversations (:
out to help tip off Portlands Living Future conference. Will hear soon from Vandana Shiva. Welcome to Portland!
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning with Janet & Nick.
Chilling whit my family on my day off enjoying myself..
#woot : Congrats to on his 200th career goal!
Gorgeous morning in Northern Michigan. Looks like one of those days to get out early while its still dry.
Did anyone enjoy the #sunset tonight?
#Royals wii. Alcides is basically Hamilton and Elvis rolled into one.
lol yeah my grandma is cute lol
Forgot to mention, my buddy George is an ex Marine that served in Nam, who's also currently collecting for ToysforTots!
Cyberbully was a sign, yet kids these days didn't understand that it was a sign that our population could drop a number if it doesnt stop.
gotta take my daughter to the emergency room
thanks for attending! i'll def. keep you up to date w/ mesh developments!!! it was great talking + meeting you
What is another useful tool besides Google Alerts to use when monitoring web content, especially media stories?
did you play any sports in high school?
I wasn't happy
Priority access!!
awesome! Enjoy!
You know Michael Vick will wants to play with Plaxico Burress next season.
Cant wait to move out !
Primary turnout never reflects the final election's turnout, plus those numbers aren't the final vote tally for the night.
If you guys do anything awesome in the LA area July 3-10, I'll be slinking around there looking for entertainment. Just FYI :)
So I realized fuck what every one says
that's a natural reaction, I believe
seriously though how do armless people masturbate
i think you mean awesome! but ill take it! haha
I'm just dissapointed. I feel like telling him how immature and stupid he is. But i bet he has heard that so many times. </3
Cool, I don't have iStomp so let me know what you think of that, too.
When are you guys gonna take a chance and show some courage? Get up a little early and work out.
i smell yummy
we were gonna surprise you and send the helicopter to take u to the jet!!
I am happy for some reason!! I don't know why though!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy fez from
lol NIGGAS DID HIT THE WRONG NUMBER! cause never received anything from u & lol 1st time?
Got everything cleaned up, watching football, eating super, good cold drink. Good way to end the day
#WOA I've never felt so emotional about a competition finale.. I love you Bravo
why are flights so damn expensive now? what happened to $49.... even $69 one-ways? life makes it so hard to have fun! money sucks!
Sandstorm is playing at Prom. Somewhere some home hockey team is on the power play.
JR win win
#wineanddinewi was freaking delicious this weekend. I cannot get over how much imbibing we partook in before noon! What a great event.
Oh professionals,you better win the "main event" this year,because i will win it next year!!
not feeling confident about these confidence intervals
I love their 1st class - worth the upgrade. I was the most relaxed I've ever felt post-flight.
#shout it out "I can do it"
Thanks! Exodus challenged me to a dual patty truffle shuffle burger take down next week, and it's on! :)
not true. ur software is impatient. check.
Thats not gona make up for you not being there
In the words of Bart Scott, CAN'T WAIT!!!
I never thought it's more of a competition...oh well. Wow 9 hrs of rain i bet it was brutal.Looking forward to see ur video.
the sepia one! :)
"The test of the artist does not lie in the will with which he goes to work, but in the excellence of the work he produces."
telling me stuff. -_____- I know 6th years a charm ? lol
I'm experiencing terrible AT&T data. SMS is really flakey.
Search engine marketing is boosted with Google Places.
Are you near there
code4lib? interesting - now i just hav to think of something that would actually interest these sorts of people
Do you have a wine store or a restaurant? We can help you reach local wine lovers, and you only pay for ads in your area. DM me for more.
Dear Karma, I Have A List Of People You Missed...
no more outting for me #GymTime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Change of plans. We open at noon today. Feel free to leave work early and join us for some beer and basketball!!
Maybe its cuz of the pinch harmonics but doubt it cuz thats all right hand technique
Our new album "Packed for Exile" will be out July 3rd!!
Walt Disney: It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Thanks! We are excited for Midnight in Wilmington on April 28th! Get tix $5 off tonight at DCCA's Art Loop from 5 - 9pm!
We love #takecaretuesday! What are you doing to take care of yourself today?
President's Day!
10 days left in DC. What am I forgetting to do/see?
#first40songsonshuffle brighter than the sun- , before the storm- & , birthday cake- (1-3)
Let's get weird!!
oh yeah well I voted #Honestly cause I'm just like that ha ha ha ha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Alright Tuesday, you better not get in my way or I'll knock you back to Monday.
Join us this Friday for our black love panel! 6pm at the center!
How'd you do that btw? Google Alerts for your domain name?
I don't care how old I am, I still like cartoons =)
I can be so harsh sometimes. Good thing I'm really sweet if I like you.
hey baby girl
I love you followers, you're true People c':
so handsome
so far I'm loving ur episode of punkd
Fractured nose, 6 chpped teeth, and a bitten tounge. STUPID DOOR !
We were made for eachother.
Happy Birthday! My mother got Japanese Super Toilets (www.cleanishappy.com) for her 70th, on Wednesday. Any good loot for you?
no other word can describe you instead of hoe
Things you don't want to wake up to: water pouring out of your ceiling. Upside: I rent. WOO HOO!
#ideas2action Chegg: helping students organize and curate their materials.
Tony: On 45 south of Houston, we've seen walls ripped from buildings, a shopping mall surrounded by water.
Congrats to one of our very own for hittin that 500k
IF PUSSY DIDN HAVE A PRIZE, THIS WOULD B A WORLD FULL OF BROKE NIGKAS AHAA
are you in love? (;
Hi Purple Peeps! Just wanted to let you know there are only 11 Saturdays to go until April.....hope you're ready! PPSS sure is!
that's why I left my eggs and ham out for the last two weeks. Next year be prepared.
new York
You know this may sound weird but gets me through track practice cuz I act like he's at the finish line :) <3
WANNA FOLLOW ME BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP!? (:
Dumanis says it should be a sports entertainment facility, but need creative ways to finance without raising taxes.
it's almost that time of the year again, what's your 2011 wellness resolution?
4 more days and I'll be kissin the white sandy beaches of the bahamas for my 30th birthday...#excuse me if im caught up in the moment..
Having to wait for your car to warm up..
could use send me a link to ur newest music?
Catching #ThinkLikeAMan early show with wifey
Ewwww make the constructions guys stop petting waffles i hope she bites em
Oh no wonder -__-
thanks dude
This is awesome
Rest stops all packed on I90... grrrr.
last night got lots of complements on the website design- designed by
; Why Do Hoes Have To Be So Thirsty..?
Heading to my co-worker's house for our school's Teacher Appreciation BBQ!!
: Registration 4 #EdcampSS. www.edcampss.org join us & 4 what will b an amazing weekend.
My great grandpa is in the hospital...again please keep him in your prayers pleast I will die if anything happens to him
If you're a #foodblogger then send us a note - - we'd love to highlight your work on our magazine!
Can you say
ha <3 you! Got yo back
i followed
b/c I've been to a conf in Vegas before and recall almost nothing about it, I say it's a bad idea.
Great showing for the Texas Wesleyan Rams as TWO players get drafted in the NBA D League draft today. Jonathan Blake and Brian Wanamaker !!
PB&J is never sad. What's wrong with you?
#raw10 My relationships are like pancakes, I like them at first but then I get sick & tired of them, I eat French Toast.
Yea I think it's going to be an interesting series to say the least. I wonder how many games will be played in the series.
Aside from the obvious, why does it feel so wrong listening to music on spotify? And it won't even let me listen to Liquid Swords.
sweet dreams to you too :)
love you! You will make it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Hey Chris - #ROWE or no ROWE, Best Buy's former CEO's unethical behavior is unacceptable.
“: But you still have great cheese and beer. #yougotthatgoingforyou ;)” Illinois boy speaks the truth.
Just wanna be home so I can workout without being right on top of people.
My ex keeps texting me... Not the best idea to text back
The guy helping me out at Toyota has a screen saver of Obama holding a burning Constitution. #
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)7
Which point guard will have the better career? Jeremy Lin or Ricky Rubio?
how is oklahoma? Great place?
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! #Angel <333
It would only be weird not to like them. RT : Weird. I like deviled eggs now.
Its like yes, 2 days? Its isn't even enough to sleep.
I think if we got them in cans of beer we would figure them out sooner or later! :P
Best of DVD's eh? I can help. Deets?
watching AMAS! crossing my fingers that wins the favorite tour headliner and favorite female artist! she already won one!
Not enough sleep can cause Type 2 diabetes There's growing evidence that people who regularly sleep too little and at the wrong time suff
Thanks great company and Brad Thomas and great food at lunch at Fish Market in
Listening to Henny and Gingerale while driving around #Detroit with Andy. Perfect song for Detroit -
for real
can we relive last night please ?
Repetition makes it more powerful.
Seriously or just snarky? Comparing an arb buyout to a long term contract for a franchise/Boras player is absurd.
will do!
I feel so naked when I don't wear my rings.
kinda wants Lil Kim 2 stop taking naked pictures its like walking n on ur aunt n the bathroom by mistake, you may look, but u didn't mean to
But very few options on this team. - just saying if Hart is already your leadoff guy could put almost anyone up there
Have great shoots this weekend in Fort Myers!
Waiting ON HIM....&Yeah im Tawkn about YOU....LOL LOL I LOVE YOU....
RT Happy Tax Day! But quite honestly, we'd rather be playing lacrosse.
thats whats up...what do suggest?
In My Feelings Bout Cha Right Nah!!!!!!!
I am beyond thankful for everything my mom ever has and will do for me.
BREAKING IPHONE NEWS - Pay for you #MTA rides with your phone - COMING SOON
calm Down, m not completely pissed xD im just fucking with you, im a little mad but not too bad.
When (not if) Pens lose this is 4. How will management react do you think? Will they do anything in off season at all?
WE have $50 do I hear $60? RT i'm contributing $50 to the wear the greenman suit fund :D
Pop is my weakness. That and skittles.
House to myself fuck yea
Mr. Smith gave a speech about boring professors while I was sleeping.
Yea Anyways Night
I'm with ya man haha RT #10FactsAboutMe I hate how I'm so short.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
DEAD TO US
is not as smart as she thinks she is
How did you submit it?
Happy New Year! Back to work.
You don't get million dollar answers with ten cent prayers!
I'll be going to bed soon. so night.
Seriously this kid has some major
So, we want to know...what's your FAVORITE book and why?
WHERE IS ALPHA OMEGA
Conference registration is now OPEN!
Great weekend. Really thankful for the people I have in my life
What's worse than pneumonia? #BurgerKing and their new chicken strips.
srry if I just mad u uncomfortable
I might :O
Car towed. New keys almost made hoorays
Wish i was you! Wait,I'm flying to Brittany,Paris then Norway!Do a show in Norway.I'll show u some cool stuff + food.Really.
Awesome! Thanks for the shout out!!
Gamel in right?
How are you celebrating #MillerParkOpener ??
Swimmers out...We're waiting for our bikers! Runners are getting ready!
Merry Xmas, Kiss my ass, kiss his ass, kiss your ass....Happy Chanukah ....I wasn't a fan of Vegas
Happy Election Day! Remember to go and vote.
GOOD NIGHT! =)
I've just gone through it.OK as far as rock released this century goes, but I normally don't get into that kinda thing.
Montee Ball so hard Oregon Ducks wanna fine me
Well, we survived Friday. . .
When people act different in front of other people... #sofake and annoying..
a classmate gave a speech about Fight Club's use of color and shapes to signify good and evil. i may want to marry her just a tiny bit.
Steelers trade up 10 spots to 109.
long live bohemia.
Thanks for the shout out. is working hard to release a BB version soon.
Feels great to lay in this bed.... Wooosaaah
Ok, I hate it when I buy a pack of gum in the morning and by lunch time there is one piece left because everybody else is jacking my gum!!
Tomorrow and on Wednesday celebrating CD "Twelve" release - shows at 7:30 and 9:30.
ur welcome! & plz give us new aspiring gurus on youtube some editing tips lol i try to edit my vids but im not that good -_-
so far the first one is my fave :-) where do you go shopping for dresses?
Hits from the IRS and DHS in the same day. Um ... Hi?
There is no John Conner curse! is fine! His show's cancelled but he's still sexy and okay! He'll win an Oscar someday.
Jeremy: Amazing speech by Stallman, wasn't it? I've waited years for him to visit New York
#Galtung proposes a pair for boycotting: "girlcott," the practice of giving business to a good business.
Oh my goodness, I'm so bummed I'm missing out!!! Next year I'm there! Enjoy!
Bracketville Break RT : Dear America, can u please drop the Thanksgiving holiday and replace it with NCAA First Round?
Aww man, why am I stuck at work? is giving away free gas for the next half hour at 2410 E Arapahoe!
McGowen took my headphones & I left all my school stuff at home ... My presence here is pointless.
“ “ Ladies fake a Nut for a relationship and Fellas fake a relationship for a Nut””
Thank you, possum, for rustling outside the window when some show about serial killers is on. It really helped with my insomnia.
Follow me !?:o Please!!:)
The Boots worn by Victoria Beckham in my last tweet was designed by Antonio Berardi. "GET YO LIFE BEFORE HE TAKES YOUR "SOLE"
yep! “: 's fave "food for thought" at #prsawdc: It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice!”
NO he'll actually reply to me!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 59
ugh I can't find it.
Thanks for the amazing tri-tip morning delivery!
how I feel everytime someone needs another pepsi. Sure let me pour it on you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I Want It In The Worst Way
Thank you to all who came out for last night's 1st of 3 "Q.E.D." at the MAK Center at Schindler House!
Damn, I REALLY need to see Avengers again. I haven't felt this way about a movie in a long time.
One of these days we are all gonna start calling eachother by our twitter/instagram tags. I swear...
Working on press release for the Irish Ancestry and Heritage Tour.
mac and cheese, is the highlight of my day.
Watching inspirational Cheering Videos
fersure!!! (: yeah buddy! I am in need of a major workout! :o
How to succeed in the NFL by Jamarcus Russell edited by Ryan Leaf
you're confused. Not hatred of UW. Hate of Bo and blind, heads in the sand Badger fans
NEXT YEAR, will have a #CorporateChallenge team. We promise. Good luck to y'all!
“: Pictures on instagram & here >”
Texting someone until I fall asleep >
Apparently Utah didn't get the memo.
Last walk ever to regular class with
It's Wednesday! That means free music at HiPac with & Friends!
Serves you right for leaving Austin!
Thinking Is NOT Knowing..
They all STANK
That's a question for your local politician
AMAZING! : I am playing CONAN!!!! Oct 26th, tune in!
What. A. Day.
Hope all students enjoyed the beautiful weather on campus/in DC today! Wanted to be outside all day long!
I hear you! If I weren't, I'm pretty sure I would have given up on this one again
When are you coming to Florida ?
Law looking a lot like early #HRO industry. Perhaps some maturity in this market going into '12/'13. #LPO here to stay. #FutureOfLaw - Feb 9
wow Mr. Flores wife Nice.. Nice. Nice.
Heading to tonight w/ for - I can't stop looking at the menu
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout 4/30.
Random Asian guy watching me laugh. Like really watching. Dude!
RT : The Council will be more attentive to those that hold them accountable at the ballot box. re: student voting.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...how happy it makes the CIA and FBI and INTERPOL and MI6 and...AL JAZEER...and BBC...and and and ...!
tryin to make it love
Once you walk out of my life, the door locks behind you.
Hey there. Was just thinking @ you. Did ur doctor ever sort out your #vertigo issues?
RT Why would anyone lie about liking big butts?
#MyBiggestFlaws are My Trys are Never Good Enough.........
RT : But at the end of the day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
oh wow... I was going through your thread....
Can't wait for the summer nights under the stars
“: #BackWhenIWasLittle I never thought id turn out like I did, I use to hate the stuff ive been doing.”
I've gained a few pounds traveling recently. Now I look more like the sculpted women of the classical revival Italian Renaissance.
How does one identify and amplify the alpha users and early adopters for #altmetrics and everything else generally?
:) Thank you!
Is it a good book?
Had a great outreach today with . we prayed with over 20 and one man gave his heart to Jesus. God can do a lot in one hour!
you are welcome :D
best way to do that is to link your account with Facebook (settings/connections). if not possible, we are adding pic upload this wk
yea i am where is you at
Good job you should get a round of applause :)
Nothing changes if nothing changes
omg lol put em on a leash
Hate this school.
I'll walk with my grandfather & he'll match me step for step, & I'll tell him how I missed him every minute since he left.
its zero carbs, zero calories, zero sugar with a brand new flavor profile - gotta try it
There will be no spoilers here, brah.
hey. Thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
:( red bull didn't give me wings this morining after work. I guess I do need to rest my eyes every now & then...
My students presented their paper topics today. Most interesting fact- 90% of Americans recognize logo for Target- 70% know Biden's name.
Beautiful footage of Christmas morning, presents displayed outside for better light. A monorail, a nurse's outfit, a magic set, more
"Could be worse. Could be raining." *Thunderclap*
signal at my residence is abysmal. Need to get a microcell to conduct business. All comp. have service here. Can you help?
First #cnndebate education question. Santorum calls his support for #nclb a mistake.
Wait. There's a handup with the trade. It may be off.
still, right? That was a beautiful use of it, too.
Medea is finally over! Thanks to everyone who came and supported Theatre Morgan!
Mariners' "Larry Bernandez" campaign wins best of show at NW ADDY Awards. We dedicate this one to our colleague and friend, Steve Cunetta.
Day 44 of 100: I am thankful for finishing my DVD. It's spring :)
no I haven't talked to her in awhile.
RT : Wouldn't it be great to see Dan Monson become "the hot young coach again?" Is there a statute of limitations on that?
OMG kittens!! My cat rescue has kittens!! Little fuzzy orange tabby kittens!! So hard to leave them there.
Smart>> RT : Give employees a reason to align their brands to that of their employer.
78% of Dane Co votes that corporations are not people and money is not speech. (84% Madison voted similarly)
i can;t b storng anymore i am brakeing down
niggas be stunting in the banks car... Still owing 20 on a Rover .
Great job Badgers on clinching the Big Ten Championship and going back to Pasadena!
YAY! RT We miss you too. Come back and visit. Looking forward to seeing
i am seriously about to punch this kid sitting next to me in the face.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. ~Abraham Lincoln
- Hi RexaRae! I never got it....can you re-send it as a Twitter direct message? Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw... :)
I tried to go without coffee this morning and nearly fell asleep. Although i do find minor client emergencies are a good pick me up.
Can we ban the word #SWAG for 1 day on Twitter? Such an awful word.
realizing who my real friends are.
You're absolutely right. We've just been so busy chopping down trees with our bare hands.
LOL yeah what grade r u in?
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. -John F. Kennedy
Good morning, hope you all have a great day.
Welcome Lance..Enjoy your weekend.
Saints wins because we have better backup quarterbacks and we just are better...
I'm going back to bed! Screw this it's saturday I'm going back to dream-land!
Hettie & Leandre rescued from Puppymills in PA. Sarah Sue from KY. All the cats were local here in Charlotte.
no problem!!(:
we come across low bookshelf units once in a while. We'll keep our eyes peeled for ya. Are you on our email list?
S/o 2 just checked in!
This stone crab got me sprung!
Checking out the EXPO room before the cracked.com humor panel starts.
Trucks are at #bttr tonight. Now till 11. Eat at and
Depends if you want private offices, fixed desk, floating, etc. There are tons.
it's a snow day. hooray...oh, but not for me...darn...
My suitcase weighs 10 more lbs than when I left LA.... Was it the good southern food?! :)
Do u need a secret security clearance to apply to the marketing specialist job?
Got something else going on tonight. Maybe see you guys at the hotel bar late(r)?
Wanna tinychat with me?
Just laughed so hard I cried...good times.
Had fun playing 4 you! “: Just landed in DC! Getting ready for 's Women to Watch Awards. Super excited!!! :)”
I can't stand the Benjy section of The Sound and the Fury. There. I said it.
Good morning, #Albuquerque! How are you faring on the first Daylight Savings Time Monday? I know there are some sleepy folks out there!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen having so much in my head but dont know how to express them in words
Thanks man, I don't think you're going to be disappointed
hey how do you get the recent images on twitter??? im so confused heellllllpppppppp me
what are you upto these days since your done w/ school? ne thing creative?
preach..lol..for winging it we snapped at that event..let's get those $2000 gigs..ha
Haha, yup. :P
I'm at Farmers Market, hubby is home watching Bond marathon. It's how we roll on the holiday weekend. Ah, marriage.
Ha! It was good seeing the questioners tonight demanding an answer on that. He came up short...
: Steelers vs. Broncos in the playoffs it's on. Happy new year!
Aren't Dylan McDermott and Dermot Mulroney the same guy??
Love my Nest thermostat. So cool to turn the heat on while driving home. We needed it bad. Bet it pays for itself in two months.
First fried pickle experience for took her only a year after me. -BH
If I told you I had a better way, would you at least listen with open mind?
Come out to the official weigh-in event at Brion’s Grill in Fairfax on Friday, 9/9 at 12pm. Meet the fighters and enjoy a great lunch!
Forcing down greek yogurt...
Turned off the sound?
Right back atcha!
rescued a stray dog walking alone on a country road near my house.
however, i will be speaking on the new #malcolmx book in #Oakland on April 21 hope to see you there!
You're welcome!! I've probably watched it about 2-3 times already ha. <3
not my numbers but doesn't seem that unreasonable. He's constantly in motion.
good to know, going tomorrow .
Peter Facinelli, a.k.a. Mr. Kelly Taylor, is on the show in ten minutes! and tomorrow, Tommy Wiseau! it's exciting times, folks.
Go Ravens!!!
<rebukes 'In Your Feelings Hour'>
THANK YOU
Thanks as always to as he previews #HeatvsKnicks with on and
when they held it in seattle :p
Your site looks great, are you going to bring me in for a photo shoot? Lifestyles of the rich and famous haha
Chi-Town stand up
If I feel like this all day, I'm going to be pissed.
RT please! Tickets now on sale at any united supermarket or other select-a-seat locations! Going fast so hurry and get em
Seriously boring! All we've had is calls about dirtbags beating their wives, but when get there, it's just fellow officers.
Fixing a hole
I'm going to the dj quik concert tomorrow and Saturday ill probably stay in with Kenyon.. maybe next weekend.
not a chance.
Are you participating in this thing or just photo documenting?
#gcb :) love this show
Who is having fun today?
Feeling some type of way right now and IDK way smh!
Trying to go global with www.bobestremeraphotography.com and signed up for Orkut for Brazil and India. Let's see . . .
Will someone please bring me some food? And go grocery shopping for me? I can't. I just can't.
Not Having Sex Till Im 21..
thank ya ;)
Our Recurly.js dev has been working with you to get this resolved. Is there anything else we can do to help you out?
adorable. her hair is getting so long. what are you two up to today? I'm at the Hynes for a sports conference.
My eye hurts! and I feel like im getting sick!! :(
The more you know!
Day two of kick-offs begins.
Thank you for the RT! Have a great week!
thank for the shout out!
Theres no sense in leading a person on if you already know it isnt going to work out.
This is wat ive been talking about girls like da way I am
I don't know why I bother with Twitter, I never do anything on here
mine says nothing, I just win..
Awesome! If you guys get any photos you are willing to share, let me know... I would love to include them in our gallery!
I’ve always pronounced duct tape as duck tape. I am African
Fight nature with nature.
Hell Friday!!!! Have a great weekend and BE CHOOSEY!!!
So in love with my new iPad. May not get anything useful done for awhile.
Brisket was good but lacked a certain je ne sais quoi (fun fact: I once was dragged behind a truck for saying that in Texas once).
lucky ... My moms is sexy & I know it, but she changes it to chubby & I know it ..
Jesus Crist, Never ask to borrow my car!
i can see my house from here
That's so depressing when you come back home and see isn't in your followers |:
Watching twilight <3
Fake ass people.. That's the shit I don't like...
Now serving Cabrito Tacos every Sunday, begining at noon until it's gone! $3.49ea! Come early and get your Goat on!
Pumps In A Bump RT : Thriller RT Big Pimpin RT : What's the name of Chris and Rihanna new song?
I agree, and would say 12 notes, but it wasn't my original quote! I was quoting Ruth Ross.
I've got a great tweet comin at y'all, stay tuned you're going to want to see this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
"It's raining! It's pouring! The old man is snoring! He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!"
Miss you too!
Hoping to make a trip to Detroit to see the sox and some ledges. Get some chirping in.
Lower your credit card interest rates at www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Snow flurries!!
u know thats right ! The guy has no life whatsoever !
Sometimes people just don't have a filter and those people need to feel the consequences!
"Hillbilly Jeopardy" at 5:30pm for tickets. Yee-haw!
Sounds rad! ": Researching ergotoxicosis in the middle ages and custom Lego sculptures. Because that's how this book rolls.”
RT Woke up early this morning 2 feel like I'm practicing 4 Balloon Fiesta-all that's missing is the sound of propane burners
this is really important...I like the new Wheat Thins packaging
Vandor Introduces 20-ounce Steins And Canvas Wall Art - Sacramento Bee
That was some unreal shredding. crowd loved it! Now it's "The Rising." This song is stron. Cld make u get religion.
Austin, you make me happy, just to see you happy. i appreciate you <U+263A>
Erykah Badu will be checking in with me. What do you want me to ask her?
I had never seen #futurefood. Now I think it's the greatest thing ever. It's better than #TheBeatles. (via )
1st left to become Mayor, 2nd filled in and next guy is now part of campaign. In this case 4th one is a charm?
HAPPYBIRTHDAY to the most beautiful&talented girl in the world I love u so much you are my inspiration, hope its a good one (:
hit up Trey Songz. U and Trey= Hit!!!
From what I understand those new top level domains are like $185K. I think we can spend money on better things.
Can't stop watching ,
That all depends on your talent.
A Playful Spirit « Sunday Smiles
Yea. They just sell all food tho. Walmart should see them also tho.
Glad you enjoyed!
I do PSD conversions. $1,500 for a basic site. Anything with CPT's and above start at $2,500.
love you 2!!! See u soon..
I miss my babies :(
I hate waiting in a hospital!!!
God will create circumstances and situations in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
we love here cheers on much had success with more on way, let us know where u are dining with check in
More money, more problems! Smh!
you guys are precious. Buddha. It's what's for dinner.
you know it!
HAHA! make my+one time: WHAT!!
"Thou shalt not mess with women's reproductive rights." ~ Fallopians 4:28
Frank Vogel named Eastern Conference coach of the month.
where you at?
Ready to party lol
Hilarious show tonight. Never thought I would see you live in your manderwears!
Maybe #Wedbush analyst #Pachter is sour grape'ing because they were not selected as underwriters for
Fat Cats, Prosperity, Lava, Fig. RT Need ideas for a late-nite dinner tonite (after 9). Not a "usual" place. Suggestions?
The key to successful #leadership today is influence, not authority.-
please tell us you're not trying to drive south on 95 on Good Friday?
You spotted the difference between Akron and Greenfield right there.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age. - Amos Bronson Alcott
DC sports teams are fucking stupid. Fuck them all. God i hate my teams.
I'm not I'm not
soft elbow to the gut next time, I'm just sayin' ;)
Happy new year! Here's to a fab 2012!!
-__- the spelling in the text I just read was horrible
Yes he did he was 43 years old
Okay, Drupal. You win. I'm looking at your PHP. And editing it.
Ok - I have Bejeweled for the iPhone to give away - First person who wants it gets it - U.S. only
Lookin' at my Gucci it's about that time.. to pour a Rum N Coke and get a good buzz on..!!
Hooray! I had a really great time with the last #IndieBookBlowout!
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Vincent Peale
Does anywhere in Atlanta have converse crib shoes?
That said, our server resources limit us to english and english net-lingo for now, but we are built to scale to more in time.
RT : So , tomorrow's friday. I must say I'm happy!
The wind smoked most of it for me. Just glad I didn't catch my hair on fire - It swirls like crazy behind our building!
What's the deal with 's "" link? It's been "taking a while" for at least an hour. Twitter semi-outage?
A showdown is not a debate. This isn't the OK Corral. The stakes are too high. Do it right and let the truth come out.
exactly! Like, how am I supposed to pick just one guy?
Change is one thing. Accepting it into your life is a whole other. Pay attention and you will always be prepared!
What's that ONE dish you just GOT to have at #Thanksgiving?
"It is not about where you come from, it us about where you are going"
First Snowe now Hillary, 2013 where have all the Lady Heros gone? Women need women to look up to and admire in gov't and politics.
We're about to give Reno a taste of how we get down in the PHX! Set starts.. now!
Man I miss my bestfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Devonte gone get f'd up forreal
#TerrificTuesday love u guys!!!
I just looked at Luke Bryan isn't going to Darien Lake with Jason but he is going to the State Fair in Syacuse!!!!
Having fun collabin with as many Denver Rappers and Producers as I can, Aurora too for my A-Ko homies what up!
May Saloun Live As Long As Georgetown And May Georgetown Live Forever.
Chris is hot. I mean he's really really REALLY hot! Awww yeah
#ICantRespectYouIf you talk trash on
oh cool.. Now that the site is working now I'll be buying one :)
Our beer brunch is this Sunday from 11am-1pm! The folks from 103.7 will be there. Hope to see you, !
are you at your show tonight?
Then afterwards he marries Princess Jasmine and moves to the Epcot Center
Seeing me friends go through this is really heart breaking!! Why must the good always die young?!?!
I feel so bad for him. RT One positive for J. Vilma: He got $1 million upfront from Saints when he restructured in March.
i <3 u Munro !! xDD will u follow me on here? (:
Happy Easter to u too
Early Monday morning getting paid like Friday!!
Can you do me a favor and pray I get a job at one of the million places I've applied at :-(
Umm we're not indie, we're awk-rock.
will be playing a set in our dining room at 11pm tonight! Spread the word.
": Memory has officially been refreshed on what it feels like to miss again."
I SEE I SEE
RT if music is the closest reiteration for this
It certainly is.
5 steps forward... But then 3 steps back. Damn it
We need social media skunk works to make large, post secondary institutions incubators of inquiry, scholarship & research
lol oh I never tweeted that! Ur retarded. A horrible friend!
ayo keep the sweet tea but pass the red hots
I can't wait to move in! No really.. I just might die of anticipation.
Hot shower followed by the #bachelor and a Cadbury egg.
missing your voice in #KeyWest!
Our sales and marketing committee is meeting at Staybridge Suites tonight! We love having meetings next to the river!
When does your new video come out?
Kindness is the act or the state of being kind, being marked by good and charitable behavior, pleasant disposition, and concern for others.
Mimosas: The best way to brunch! See you this weekend.
you light up my life
I just can't get enough
I am good. :) Busy times. How are you?!
317-979-3229 New Phone Text me with name.
Definitely going to be watching the Floyd Mayweather vs. Miguel Cotto fight tonight
How interesting that when we now see the name O'Donnell we think Christine not Rosie.
DUDE I'm WATCHING THAT RIGHT NOW.
Follow on twitter
#ThatMomentWhen You Realize You Talk In Slang Too Much To The Point You Can't Tell If Your Talking Proper Or Ghetto
Boom. Shalacka. Boom. Boom.
If we convince Jack Hannahan that every day is opening day he'd be a hall of famer.
Love the ping pong table outside
Everyone follow
uhm..of course!
i did mention tomorrows opem house from 5-8pm w/ balsamic & olive oil tasting is FREE right?! Plus happy hour specials all night!
You are very welcome!! :)
if you want get out there fast. I had a slice & plan to chip away at the whole sheet now...
Johnny Appleseed went throughout America, spreading apple seeds so that others could cook apples and make cider. Here's to you, Johnny!
The show Happy Endings makes me laugh out loud! So smart and funny!
South Laurel's Matt St. John and Knox Central's Cody Miller to sign with Union College
I would trade in our couch for an upright piano if one was easily accessible. I'd trade our bed for a grand piano. Just sayin. -C
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
#UHmbb Director of Basketball Operations Kerry Rup has left the program to become an assistant with
EXTREMELY dissatisfied with the Marriott.
Also why is Obama for America following me?? Have they never read any of my tweets??
initially the leader and then the whole group
yikes. I saw that too and did it without thinking about it too much. Disaster waiting to happen?
Dagmar, thank you for the follow as well! Looking forward to sharing your tweets!
we all n dis crazy world
Our client services tweeps:
!!!! Good job, Chris Davis!
fuck the.......mercedes....hahahahxaxxxaxax how mach people like BMW ????
christ, this show is scheduled to last until 11:30?
Stuck out of town w flight problems :( RT w/ Community Partners! #ideas for #CIW2012 w amazing ppl in
Order sent to Nirmalani in CA!
All SportFight XXVIII: Boiling Point Fighters to Step on the Scales tomorrow, July 9 at Grand Central Bowl at 7p. Open to the Public!
The only way to have a friend is to be one
Do you see like love you ?
GREEN LANTERN's "For Your Consideration" aspirations are making me laugh so hard I might have an aneurysm.
RT Yes! And Dads aren't always Fathers! Happy sperm donor day!!
Damn. The only reason the #east is down is because #Jeremylin is not playing. All we do is #Lin #Lin #Lin #Asians we are good at most things
Perfect weather in Mason this weekend, you say? Well then why not!?
I SWEAR I HAVE BAD LUCK SOMETIMES!!!!
Last night was
Done! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> *does happy finger dance*
is it an ongoing problem? It sometimes happens to me, but then the next day it will be fine. search is fussy sometimes.
with his dick of course lol
I'm out of this state as son as I turn 18. (:<
Follow Me On Twitter Please!!!!!!! I Need More Followers lol =3
My first words "Thank you Jesus I love you"
so you plan on hitting up that presser at Radio City tomorrow?
Thanks, and the same to you! RT May you have good writing days in the coming year!
Feelings of knowing r profound moments where we know the answer. Just need time to think.
Glad you enjoyed Sabrina's #TIBessay! RT: Loved the story on Saturday from the Waitress in Chi-town
As long as you aren't taking flash photos from the front row, you should be fine.
Fear Of Missing Out.
Go follow if you don't follow her then delete ur twitter so go follow her she follows back!!!!! GO!!
Mani, pedi, massage, Costco .... Does it get any better??? :)
Thinking about being more active on Twitter...stay tuned.
you just had to say something negative about FWP, didn't you?
wing-bro! Thats what im talking talkinn about!
#shoutout to danny for bringing me a mcgrittle
Wise man once said nothing at all
that is freakin hilarious!!! I think the same thing every time I see him!!!
I AM #MINDLESSandPROUD of it!!!!!!
i got all of them expect for the BIG BANG! but i got the bounty out on those
Roger taking LSD: that one took me by surprise. #MadMen Seems to have done him a world of good!
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." Quote from movie "The International
Judge Nash, President Monica Garcia speaking now for fixing LA curfew law: "the ultimate goal is school attendance"
Just had a chance to view the Brian Mcknight video everyone's been tweeting about all day
Follow along with what's happening at the Museums and the Web conference through April 14th with the hashtag
#youknowyouvestudiedtoomuchwhen The piece of bread your eating reminds you of a penile deformity.
just noticed how horrible Dairy Queen is.
thank you for following us! Have you tried selling some of your paintings on Antengo?
I'm playing at The Ritz Carlton today 12-2:30 Orlando Florida
What the hell kind of defending was that
Congratulations Ohio on your big win tonight!
I AGREE. RT : ALL CAPS FOR THE REST OF THE DAY BECAUSE THIS IS GREAT NEWS
Ironic? I think so. RT Happy Blue Monday everyone!
Massachusetts- the birthplace of the revolution and freedom from oppression now proudly banning the pledge and bottled water.
You are awesome!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning can't wait to eat some more after I get done with this..
but can it play shortstop? But seriously, is it making him a better pitcher?
Remember to read something positive in morning and something positive at night. daryldorsey.com
True game love is very important for Community Managers says , answering tweets trumps watching boardwalk empire on Sunday
looking forward 2 running for Assembly too? Sounds like a great deal you cut w everyone to run! Go Lorena 2013
LITERALLY TV MAGIC!
I'm just glad I don't have to listen to Bob Davis on the call. To him, a layup is like a made half court shot.
hungry for hunger games???
Girls who can't talk to anyone else because their in love with someone<<
They play in 13 hours, so shut up.
whatever you were talking about seemed serious...do ur thing ma'am..lol
Thanks for the great presentation!
I'm done spending my money to keep learning HOW TO DO IT. From now on I'm spending my money DOING IT!!!
#ireallywant to be known for something amazing. #ireallywant to make my parents proud.
Great win for the Chicago Fire!!! Is wish I was there tonight.
I wonder if Snoop Dogg will follow me back? Sitting here rolling up some Pineapple Kush for good luck! ;)
"MT" means I modified your tweet. (so it would fit with my comment in the 140 char limit)
it's like you haven't changed!
I'm constantly givin givin givin..... But when do I receive. Fukks me up the most when ppl dnt say thank u or even appreciate wat u do
ok now I am. I did it wrong. Using a new app lol
Yeah! MT University School's Josh Baker struck out 11 in a 5-inning no-hitter vs. St. John's. Also was 3-3 w/ HR
Had another scare with the fxcking Bug today. It wasn't reading my car key and shutting off the engine. I hate you VW.
SO #watchlist last night was a Doc/Faux Doc movie called S&Man (read Sandman) I actually liked it and learned a bit about fetish horror. :)
lol. Just kidding.
Finally made it home safe and sound <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
the Sea Port Marina Hotel Grounds in Long Beach, Saturday May 12th, at 10pm, the tickets is 16
I'M SO EXCITED FOR BRAVE!!!! Sorry...I'm yelling... But Merida is just PERFECTION
Having to make this slide show was boring until i started adding pictures of my team <3
what's the difference between Type of MSA and Within MSA on the geography filter options of AFF2?
Watching Captain America: The First Avenger then tomorrow The Avengers!
I'm not an expert like, so the women have said. Rock and roll.
Who's going to Pridefest Sunday?! We are! Look for the Stinky Hummer in the parade!!!
Which ones of you ballers will be at Three 6 and Girl Talk tonight?
so you wildin?
amen man. Great reporting throughout. Looking fwd to you finally reporting on trade & FA signings one again!
Oh my gosh. I love so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hey I just met you. And this is crazy ! But here's my number, so call me maybe <3
What flavor outside do you use? That sounds awesome!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games tonight just register to view all the links and enjoy
RT : RT Just remember that we can't talk to Iran but we can talk, trade, gladhand with super repressive China.
tell Dort Happy Mothers Day!!
John Irving (this week) Have I missed any other mom ideas?
be nice (grabs arm!!) lol
I don't doubt it in the least. But is that covered in the course? Maybe a separate course?
50 Awesome Must See Business Card Designs via
your brother sleeps on my couch, wanna make babies? #anybetter ?
My 2 month is actually this Saturday...oh....
What we need Rep Mike Kelly (R-PA) is you to shut up and quit using your political position to gain advantages for your benefit. No morals
Stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday. #1 Options advisory service in America. Up +83.3%! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
' He not going no where tho :)
hahaha! Always a bright side to everything.
she needs to get off that shit shes on, & stfu >.<
goodmorning, heard you last night. Do you sing in English?
That annoying moment when is tweeting everyone but you. But I just want to be noticed in any way :)
Check Out The Full List Of 2012 MTV Movie Awards Nominees + VOTE NOW!
Thank God Wolf has a personal catcher so that we can sit our hottest hitter on the bench all night!
I am surprised you know what twitter is, seeing as you are old as shit
very nice...any zoos hiring security down there?? Lol
Aww man! Never mind. Not enough room for it :(
lol...i know girl. My legs and arms are colors i have never seen.
Dang my neighbor is hot.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I want travel and always think about a perfect trip, but i never take action.
Loving Qik for the iphone, seems to make the phone overheat though
Great end to a work wk at #NEABrookings ytd & #artsmgtchat today. Can't wait to go to tonight!
I like business ideas! Let me know what's up or shoot me an email with your ideas.
Just arrived at the Flamenco Festival in ABQ going to hurry and try to get to workshop asap!
Pretty good birthday (:
Just crushed a hot chocolate from caribou. Hello 5000 grams of sugar - goodbye feelings of crabbiness and annoyance!
About to go eat this chocolate body icing, peace kids.
Driving home from the cape. Wish I didn't have another gig tomorrow. My little singing voice is tuckered out
thanks man
Great night talking coaching philosophy with & Thanks fellas! Enjoyed catching up with y'all!
7-Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad, nom nom RT : Did you have lunch at Longhorn today? thought I saw you! I work there:)
Paul Allen's new memoir on starting Microsoft with Bill Gates is summarized in a lenghty digets in Vanity Fair. It certainly presents a bi…
Huge life support finally thrown from ECB to Europe's banks, & sovereigns - but this scene in the US still left the big banks on the ropes
#GirlsLoveWhen their boyfriends kiss them on the forehead; Because it means "i'll love you forever." (: <3
We turning up tonight!!!
Love the #SDSU holiday video from
No hot water :(
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
Will Ogando revenge his last loss today?? I think so! Lots of value in TEX -135
almost 3million followers on twitter! I'm proud, but it lessens my chance of u noticing my tweets. Oh well I wont give up <3
that is literally the saddest thing i have ever heard. what? no more mini doughnuts? this is an outrage
#Leo winners will hold the limelight like no other, they are born to shine and will dominate the competition as James Cameron did w Titanic
Crew moves to the escape pod...some damage repaired, some new damage...
Cheers to that! Hope you're having a good Friday night & have a great weekend!
what did you do?
#Mondays can suck my dick.
Found a $20 bill neatly folded on the floor next to our booth, here in Ft. Wayne. A sure sign of wonderful things to come.
I finished it already! Whew was it a creative surprise!
don't hate on #baseball! Year of the bucs!
Be careful out there Milwaukee! It's going to be winter this afternoon
can u plaese fallow me back pleasee :)
Life is as beautiful, wonderful, and exciting as you see it to be. Happiness is a choice, it's a way of life #Happiness :-)
Nobody wants to be pale for the weekend..come on now people. get a
Lol hope you had pretty undies on!
you should call me back on skype
#that1friendthat you wanna f%^#
Aww thanks so much!! and for the awesome
If that's yo hoe, that's my hoe too!!
so i drive home alone, as i turn off the light i put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight.
So Mayor Payne thinks he can use his shady electoral process to preside over Team Rockstar. We'll see about that.
Can't fight fate...
In regards to my book deadline this week, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. But it's gonna get dark first. Real dark.
Getting the boys together for a practice to prep for our first show on 12/28!
"HAHA YOU FAILED!" "Yeah, so did your dad's condom, bitch"
epic it shall be!
Done, with at least an hour to spare. I've had enough uklele for a very long while.
wow! Congratulations. That's so cool.
it cracks me up that folks are writing pieces now saying "something's going on in NYC" as if it's breaking news... :)
writing frantically, but otherwise all is well. I'm glad you got the card :) See you soon!
We're flying across the border from California to Arizona.
why would I want attention? relax mate,
Why does show me a login screen on my iPad that's fit for a Blackberry circa 2006?
thanks u. Appreciate the follow. More to come.
answer my text !
Playing NBA jam since there's no basketball. Sigh.
its ok
Two went to the backstop during warmups. We're at 90 now.
Glad we got to see you :) Hope you had a good time!
Probably reactivate my twitter soon
Almost time for REAL #Cubs baseball! Can't wait!
Best way to stop an argument is to ignore , say ok, and walk out, no point in continuing
Deals put US Origin games back on agenda: A State of Origin match was played at Long Beach, California, in 1987. Grand Prix Rugby cha...
RT : Closing thought: Lecturing is a learned art - we need to teach people to do it so its not abused
I use Frametastic on Instagram, it works pretty well too.
hi denver dont forget picosos mexican food is having a lowrider show May 22 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for details
Martinez submits Mitchell at :19 of the 2nd round (Guillotine) New Heavyweight Champion.
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Amanda Fritz and Mary Nolan will have a runoff for PDX City Council. No winner.
yup, so the mail vlog video should be uploaded soon :)
who's walk up songs were those?
GOOD LUCK TONIGHT!!! LOVE YOU! <3 follow me?
just applied myself for a competition ..the winner gets a triüp to a international school in new york for 2 weeks!!! I NEED TO WIN!! :(
93 % of patients say their dentist does not provide oral cancer exams; insist on this simple exam. Get well, stay well. www.closys.com
When they play this song, I'll be thinkin of shavin~
That's unfortunate, but what I figured. Oh well.
Whenever I get back from Portland I buy a flight to Portland, it's kind of sick
Sex,Lies,and Money
I don't really like swizz beatz that much but if you haven't heard "street knock" check that NOW, A$AP is on it & he kills it
how bad is the episode??? Lol
For 1 more game. RT : The Score pushed ten minutes so can talk about the Bulls more. I think that's basketball.
Take a deep breath, pray for courage and start pushing that boulder.
I miss my ride or die .. Come bak into my life !
Good afternoon.
Don't drink the green beer! It's leprechaun pee!
just remembered a jam we're supposed to record... damn we bouta kill em
Great time yesterday. Congrats
Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with shades of deeper meaning.
Van Halen just signed with Interscope records. Rumor has it they are going to announce their new record on Nov. 30th at the Grammy's.
try whole foods
iron man 2 check her out Natalie Rushman <3
in the mean time, Toru Takemitzu blows the mind of the Library's basement workers as they tap the keys, typing pragmatic fanatics
LOL....did you guys see what just happened to eddie murphy
Going on a family bike ride or, as I like to call it, "DUI FAMILY FUN TIME PARADE!".
Have a great day Carol! Hope all is well.
are you a text addict?
Been on a RAMPAGE givin' chicks their "walkin' papers". I know what I offer, but do you? I'm taking NO SHORTS & the bar is raised...meet it!
MT Summary: data (finance, project, research) spurs change. Share stories/tools. Create /data directory on website
Eric going in early this morning LMFAO
RT " im mad you aint have to for get about me like dat lol #happymothersday"
Literature is mostly about making love and not much about having babies. Life's the other way round.
add me on Facebook.
Why are you no longer on facebook?
Like a boss
Is god on my side ornaw ?
I would absolutely love to go a week without being fucked over by someone. It must be nice to be one of the people that has it all..
yeah, the stuff is amazing
do it yourself. I'm not your slave!!!
Absolutely. How many you need?
hes not dead
ASDFGHHJKL I LOVE
absolutely I guess I'm a bit obsessed ;)
I miss you too!!!
students should be used to the crazy weather by now, right ? I'm sure they'll still make #MayFest fun :)
Tomorrow is Glitter Night @ 400 Bar in Mpls @ 9PM! Rebel Queens w/ glam rock cover band Parental Advisory & don't forget your glitter!!!
I love big fat purple nipples on my penis for breakfast.
If you guys need anything while in Toledo next month don't hesitate to hit us up. Looking forward to the show!
Last week, in a midlife something-or-other, i dl'd a bunch of old SkinnyPuppy LPs. Hadnt thought of em in 20yrs. They aged badly.
yesterday was amazing :) I met two cute guys, one have a boyfriend :c and the other one was 15 :( I'm still felling forever alone <//3
It should also be noted that we woke at 11
BALL SO HARD. 808
i could use some help with some applying for gallery space
*Satuday Early Bird SPECIAL* From 9am-2pm buy any bottle of lotion for 50% off!!! Get your TAN ON STANDING UP!!!
how is that today??? The bus is Saturday
No ticket, no TV. What do you do when you're just listening to the radio? Stare at a wall?
im out peeps i got to get ready for a football meting tomorrow
A BIG Thank you to all of our customers who had an opportunity to come out to our sale at the marketplace! I hope you enjoy your products!
Going going....
uw template calls for breadcrumb-like nav to be on page - added a connection to uw mediarel in the about text doing same on mediarel
Cus I pull up and I’m stuntin but I ain’t a stuntman Yes I’m rockin Jordan but I ain’t a jumpman ;x
Now watching Harry's Law!
Thank you luv but she has served her tyme now don't u think? o.O she can get off early on gud behavior ;)
Newest Rivals 2013 rankings: Jabari Parker No. 1, Andrew Harrison No. 2, Julius Randle No. 3, Aaron Harrison No. 5, Chris Walker No. 6
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
one thing i hate da most a nigga playing both sides
Yes! Really, yes! We mean it - save some money with save20!
my TL. hilarious.
You can't hear the world laughing at you, if you are laughing harder. -Bobby Cobb
Why did Ford get rid of those shark fin antennas and go back to the ugly wire metal ones?
lonely tonight
#TeamFollowBack #teamautofollow I got your back!
Only helps me plan my pie eating! RT I love my beautiful produce calendar. It helps me plan my pie baking.
Oh yay .. im mad u dont know how to spell ur own cousin name
We vow to get addictive alertness. Say face yr edges. Face yr when :: we get to be part of their world / anticipation of loss makes us wild
Gotta give credit when credit's due.. was poppin tonite w on the decks. Good job , &
Woman in parking lot, plucking neck and chin hairs, blasting Adele; I don't ever want to be you.
Good morning sunshine! Let's take the energy, momentum & progress from the week to a new level. Head into the weekend even stronger. You in?
It was a blast! Have you been?
I think the first "on" in OnDemand is a bit redundant
So sorry. Does the vet have any advice?
Happy Wednesday! Hope all is well where you are. And to all of the mothers, have a happy and blessed Mother's Day!
omfg thank you for telling me
Guaranteed any song by Drake, I will love it
at least you aren't disappointed, bc you knew better than to expect anything?
"Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after." -Anne Morrow Lindberg
Staff from Mayor Adam's office watching demonstration on steps of City Hall
RIP Dick Clark...a true LEGEND and an amazingly talented man
congrats, boo! I think you deserve a long, fun, phone-free vacation in Austin.
Can't wait to leave Friday
it's still stupid. And where did you hear that? Facebook bought instagram, I haven't seen anything about buying Twitter.
Be sharp & in tune! Be weary and careful of people's old time theories that are still getting them old time results! HCD
Looking for THE BEST CARDIOLOGIST IN SOUTH FLORIDA for a friend. #urgent Pls RT.
Is it a steel toe?! RT : DRose explained that he hasn't been able to bend his toe for three years.
Pei's BOC vs. Foster's HSBC buildings in HK kind of settles the debate in favor of modernism, I'd say.
Dinner time! Organic chicken with taboule!
Art has the suddenness, the audacity, and sometimes the savagery of impolite wit. Caleb Jackson.
Plans for today, my birthday, include large quantities of chocolate and wine.
That conference is usually only held every other year. My guess is this will be a big year for TechEd.
Go make Neopet accounts guys.
In a good mood. But also sad.
I love when people tell me I'm wearing glasses. Why yes, yes I am.
Nah, not mad, why is today different? :) “: It's gonna be great! You're gonna get mad at how developer-centric my perspective is! :)”
A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view
Eminems daughter is so pretty !
I'm going to bed. Goodnight everyone! Thanks for following! More #WhenAustin's tomorrow!
my pleasure <3 such a beautiful think to put your efforts into- hoping to see video clips and photos of the end result
I freakin' love Archer and The League! I never really got into Mad Men. Good stuff?
One day I'd like to jump out of a birthday cake and throw an axe at my arch enemy. Is that too much to ask?
I am officially ungrounded. I think.
Beautiful thunderstorm, sunshine going and all...
Who am I? If you read through my tweets, you will find clues that lead to my identity. But is it worth the trouble?
It's Friday night - time for everyone to post Instagram pics of their alcoholic beverages. ;)
I need to start gettin up early and go on some morning runs
neither one of us is irish. but when we woke up there was soda bread
Try being a WSU Cougar Fan! Hope the dawgs brought their mittens to Pullman. GO COUGS!!!
here's to not giving up first place for the remainder of the season
Giving presentation today, re:Whale Watching! If you're near Memorial Library at UW-Madison - please come! 12-1pm
“: No thank you! ;)”see you next Friday!!
Salute to all my niggas gettin ready to eat dinner
fuck ya life
A year ago I told people the next big thing is and I was right will they be the killer. SOLD OUT EVERYWHERE
That's fantastic Kyle. Does N.E.P.I.C. have a website yet?
You know you play too much tennis when you yell C'mon every time you ever succeed in the smallest task
I was charging my laptop incase a power outage... then I realized my wifi won't work. You win...
Sometimes life just seems like a horror story
Hoping Today Go By Quick at my job!!
did u see the spit bubble he left on my leg? Ah...the joy!
We have 8 new friends today to announce: Frank, Diana, Greg, Zilma, Pamela, Alta, Bilyana, and Staci. Welcome everyone.
WPT Vienna Day 1B in a bit. Fuck You UPS.
ah shit! i forgot to pay my car insurance!
God damn it. The gun is so fun though. We used it all the time last year. I thought Meyers was cool... guess not
Uh...I'm just really busy right now?
Who's attending Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company this weekend??
Happy Birthday darling!!! I'll send you a special invite to our exclusive preview party for our big launch! Rock your day!
Imma kill my bro
Also true: ""...arguably the most refreshing thing to happen in Albany, or even neighboring Berkeley, in a very long time."
Mistakes are painful; but as time goes by, it becomes a collection of experiences called Lessons. Live life and embrace life lesson
Would love to hear/read 's thoughts on Amazon vs. Apple. But Amazon doesn't strike me as generative computing fan - does it matter?
if you are in #seattle you better be enjoying the sunshine before it starts raining in ten minutes...you know it will.
Lol- How You Get Your TwitCon To Look Like That- With The Green Eyes
St. Patty's this morning then #StTaddys tonight. Cant remember being this excited.
Thanks for the plug Kelsey!
hehe haven't seen those. We did see the porridge house from 'Hooray for Love' and ate at a soup place that was used in a drama
I love
hello beautiful you come back to Guadalajara Mexico?
Yeah, but he cancelled. =(
RT : HUGE shout out to Jackie at the for all of the help today! Incredibly thankful 4 great customer service!...
you killer.
Um, that'd be Jason Voorhees, Abbe! C'mon, get your crazed killers straight... ;)
“: The South wouldn't be the same without country music.”
Do you think the Wizards should void Gilbert Arenas remaining contract worth 90 million?
RT : Online sales move at steady clip ahead of Friday's record-setting #MegaMillions drawing...
RT I like and I'm honored to present with s'one
"Khan", "First Contact", & latest "Star Trek" my faves..
Working on a Hollywood themed event for a client. quoting imprinted popcorn bags and boxes.
we're coming to Pittsburgh April 28th! Get ready!
Damn right! RT Heard @ #amasummit: Increase engagement will increase satisfaction which will increase membership retention
Do you think our UI succeeded? RT : Next up: Fitbot -- trying to make fitness as easy as sharing a photo online
Karaoke Night is just getting started. We will be down here until 11pm come on down and enjoy your Tuesday with us!!!!
was looking at a painted dot onna crockpot and said da light not coming on
I don't think its pure bigotry but ignorance that can be educated away. Its gonna require direct church outreach
Met Up w/ and Faze Today. Got HELLA Business Done. New Music In The Works
Get in the game Papa John's!!!
Do it! I'm sure you won't regret it! #gopackgo. It's a historic year, after all!
(AP) -- Barry Bonds sentenced to 30 days of house arrest, 2 years of probation for federal conviction
Come on scientists. Get on this.
Your filters should be adjusted. People are named "Dick" and the inappropriate use of it would appear w other filtered words.
I think they are all on west. NW, exception Ramirez who is SW. But don't hold me to that.
Haha - you made her day :) MT : CSPAN, put PAM in front of the CAMERA.
I was sitting here at the gas station and I looked up and thought I saw 's batmobile. I was almost had a panic attack.
Who is your new Avi?
Are you ready for High School?
is the group with which Commissioner Phillips recommends maintaining a strong alliance?
oh, DUH!! im a lil retarded. haha, how old are youu? sorry for another question bahah
old coldplay warms my heart.
...but sums up all cats' thoughts in a very hilarious way. I totally recommend everyone follow him.
you better believe once I get this unicorn MS sent off, imma taking you up on that offer! ;)
Wearing high heels while trying to sneak out of the house at night is never a good idea.
that scares me
like this tweet for a TBH
Hello gorgeous (yes, you)!!!! xoxo
what up?
plzz follow me
President Obama at a Fundraiser in California: "I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one.
I am sorry but mixed elements did much better than step boys on abdc in my opinion !!!
bo :'( that would of worked.
Forrest Gump just hit me directly in the heart. Beautiful. Between that and Friday Night Lights I've decided I am marrying a southern gal.
Conner I'm bored hi
Having lived in both worlds, I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
Ugh. Feel better darling.
: no ovaries.
my heart beats at a high pace when the is on air
you definitely don't have to remind me :P
120 work emails received today and counting
We need to check for availability but we'd love to join! Will let you know!
I figured out what my mom got you haha
RT Listening to deadmau5 and looking for a dead mouse --> rad.
": american politics is such a childish game…smh" ... <As Rodney King said: "cant we all just get along?"...
Nice shot Joesph!
awwsie i knew you would!! ;) i have more to show you!!!
Grabs the lotion. I been waiting for you to say that for months.
Sarah is having withdrawals lol
?If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
cause each cheek had a life of it's own.
Got a Marketing interview 2'moro... Something to look forward to
and that you can pull it off and i cant. but i CAN!
Just got home to tune into the #SOTU Obama says don't let other countries win the race for the future.
Wake up ideas: Purr in face LOUDLY. Then snuggle on chest or between legs. Works every time.
Mikey isn't even answering the questions..
happy Easter <3
We are getting an exciting new shipment tomorrow...any guesses you may just get carried away!
Looking for some rad lil stretchy headbands and cute clips to dress up this pixie-cut! Where do you find your favorites?
too bad you can't save up all those unwanted naps to spend when you're an adult
Sorry to hear about Hideki Irabu :(
The Avengers 3D :-)
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver!
#JERZATHON :) Yeaahhbuddyy i love jersey shore!
