I am currently looking to hire experienced Sales/Marketing Reps in the Buena Park, CA area. This is a great opportunity with one of my outs…
Whatever, it is what it is.
Walk in with me!!!!
xoxo you're so cool and awesome and I'm looking forward to learning from you :-)
#TheAwkwardMoment when someone says they're fat, and they really are... so you don't know what to say.
In oder to be successful in life you must first let go of the past.....tell yourself "I am the boss of my life"
I think I need a warmer climate.
your so mean mikie! :(
lmao this nigga known as the ice cream man now haahha
I drop a tear in the ocean wen u find it that's wen I will stop loving u
LOL encountered some of these bloggers on the Fantasy! Just laughed at them!
aw, cool, nice to meet you! Hope to see you in our great room soon!
Please be patient while the surrounding walkways are closed to accommodate the painting work.
I'm talking young actors playing Tarzan Cooper, Fats, Pop gates!! That would be the business right there
* NEWLY ADDED *
Operation Turoczington is underway. Step 1: Stir up local angel funding drama [check]. Step 2: AOL buys my blog for $30 million...
I HATE this...
They say This is the city The city of angels All i see is dead wings
another amazing day with him :) ...im so worried about Erik though..
GoodMorning... now its time for Breakfast
nothing like sitting in my office over hearing a fellow coworker sing Christmas carols #holidayspiritscomingout <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
yeah lol i know some people who own some horses and theyre so gorgeous!
For ripping Packer fans hearts out I hope there is a huge snowstorm out east that leaves the Giants stuck in Appleton for a week again.
All wrapped up here. Sounds like it might stay north of you. RT : ... storm moving east over downtown now.
Thanks Michelle!
February 27th (Day 27)--Second to last day of the challenge, you must be so proud! Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores
Its a rude awakening tonight
Just finished reading "The Chocolate War". Thought I might recommend it to my 11yo son, but will probably wait a few years yet.
I'm a Tally native, here in LA. Happy to see you keeping up the good fight. CU Thurs, 4/26 on Crenshaw!
See the testimony of Mr. Dolibois & other eyewitnesses in the mapping our tears exhibit, open mon-friday 10am-4pm and by appointment.
yay! Hope to see you soon. Check out our new video and sign the petition for #freeandfair elections. fallingwhistles.com
Yep and they had a $490 bill. Now that it's hot they actually don't have it on. Trying to save $$ I guess
same here, but I live up by niagra falls haha
oh and tell your friends too. or if you don't have friends then your family. if you're batman and don't have either then tweet like hell ;)
ah, found it.
no one bwandon <U+2764> there just EVERYWHERE now a days.
what the dud! On twitter! Im embarrassed lmfaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
What a whirlwind music weekend in PGH! w/, , photographer- (Thankx and ) ~PK
sorry bout the language but I hate asses like that whoever that bitch is
#Incollege you meet crazy short ass crossed eye trashy ass nasty fat whore bitch
four away!
RT : #Leo always make their presence known & rarely settle for second best <U+264C> #LoveScopes <U+2665>
Mitch Williams on Harper/Hammels "If Harper would hve chrged the mound, there would have ben nothing left but a Hammles jersey on the mound"
well, since google+ profiles show up very readily in search engines compared to twitter or other places...
See, what bugs me about that is that Paramount isn't advertising the movie based on Rihanna and Liam Neeson being in it. (1/2)
Community service.
Yeah, bad move on your part. I'm not leaving here until I sign a book on "Deleuze and Cats."
All aboard! The media bus is about to head out.
they should have hired AI for commentary instead!
#TRUTH. re: A #Virgo is naturally curious & enjoys research and exploration.
I guess I just assume something is GMO unless it's labeled Organic. If it was GMO AND labeled Organic, then I would be mad.
Let's welcome Jesse Aleman to for the 2012 Bisson Lecture!
My step mom tells me to have some bud when she gets here in a week or so then tells me to make myself a doctors appt. Lol I love her.
Thanks to Macy's for inviting American Legacy's founder & publisher to host their "Lunch & Learn" event this past Friday in Washington DC.
Got up at 4am to catch this flight, so hungry. I'll take some pizza.
Great! It should be an exciting #RVA #SHRM event! #SocialMedia RT I am Emily. Let's be sure to connect.
I have decided that I am going to finish school... It is obvious that the VA has shown me the inability to protect today's veterans...
yes you could let a year go bye and they still have same clothes on
RT : Needed them to see the PAIN of NOT using the system - effective! #lrnchat <LOL, sometimes pain avoidance is a GREAT strategy!
My twitter was hacked. If you got a message from me, it wasn't from me.
even though I hate to admit it, sometimes I smoke cigarettes. The Christian folk say I should quit it, I just smile and say God bless. :)
offseason meet seattle, seattle meet the offseason
Damn Greedyman aka #Kobe is passing the ball. Plse put your cape on
i like how you tweets are either about jbiebs,mac,or directed at people without saying their names.
don't forget our Holy Goats... Just show your Jesus paid it all coupons!!!
we've got a great set lined up for including some of the favorites
Prince coming to DC. Might actually get me to a game or two.
I really love having Bright neon green condoms :) makes my dick my favorite color XD yay me!
my iMessage notifications / phone in general are screwed up I'm taking my phone to the Apple Store next weekend
Mike Hannigan of : "the review is the most effective management tool to move your company's mission forward'
I'm such a geek. The good folks just dropped off a dozen books in my office, and it's like Eid for me. :)
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB Tonight !!!!
Kudos! MT Cheers to for dual recognition as Rising Star AND TLI Graduate!
lol. Was just going to say hand sanitizer. ;)
i love you so much, and your my inspiration forever<3 hope i can meet you someday<3 any girl will be so lucky to have youu<3 10
Who dat say they gonna beat dem Saints? 1ST PIC FOR #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - THE SAINTS - OVER - THE SAINTS WILL SEE WIN
WTF?? EXCUSE ME!!?
tell them like it is axman
Raising hell even when in ICU lol only you
By the way, Rudy Fernandez, all is forgiven after that clutch #chalupa three-pointer. We're good.
“: I hate how Liam starts every fucking song -_-” WOOORDDDD!!! Except for I wish! Por lo meno! He starts EVERY OTHER SONG .__.
Hard to believe I know, but true. I use G+ to meet "like-minded" people to interact with whereas "real friends" are on FB
Is Jim Tracy on Twitter by any chance?
Happy Birthday! Hope u have an awesome day cause I deserve it! You and and Bentley are my fave on Teen Mom!
so do I.
Finally got my ticket from that Sun Pass toll I went thru in Orlando. I think I spoke that one into existence. lol
Crossing #NorthCarolina off vacation plans. Summer plans include non bigoted states. (fuck you, #NorthCarolina for the second time, btw)
you wore it better...:P
Just had the MOST successful shopping/Xmas day on 5th ave!! Now off to beecher's cheese for champagne and lots of .....cheese!
We're all touching weiners
Envy is an awful sin.
bored!! Just taken pics
TGIF Fashion Poll: "Body Con" dresses --- yay or nay???
Bo Diddly My Uncle . J.S :)
Thank You for Spreading The Word!!!!!!!!
thank you
Next week foamposite ones 100% authentic launching at my new website ?no fakes factory dealing direct www.PennyHardaway.Info
WE'D FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE! RT Hey thanks for the Follow!
Thanks! I'm actually a DC EMP, but I'm interested in reading what the other EMP groups are doing too. :)
Indeed - our library parties coincide! We're having a blast. Glad to hear all is well in GB too!
Blech! So how are you?
I found the part about Miami wanting to chain itself to FSU a funny section of that article, esp if B12 would consider it
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
I tend to watch the NBC news every evening. With Libya, New Zea land, and a high-jacking gone terribly wrong, today's #news is are to take.
praying for a speedy recovery for ! Hope to c u back soon! Keep fighting.
Romney giggles like a little girl when talking about abusing his dog and a gay classmate. That's one warped son-of-a-____!
live in #lasvegas, but not at home today.
"Minnesota: Where we say 'Come over for coffee and bars after you beat us.'"
im sorry t waste ur time
“: Bud light platinum - your commercials are lame” agreed. Big time
NICE. Good lookin out!
Goodnight San Diego! Come in tomorrow and get bronzed for the weekend!!!
Loaded the truck yesterday with 2,200 children's #books for #LosAngeles clinics participating in - it felt good to share
now now - I don't root period
Hang in there!
#telljimmy stop blocking Colton! We want a clear view!
lOL Thanks babe! She caught me @ a bad moment!
The sound of the new car engine>>> xD
If the rangers play that aggressive again on friday. This won't bode well for the caps
I have been there. I am from Pensacola, FL. Think they have another one in San Antonio, TX. It's fun.
Did they get it figured out and hook ya up with a sweet #4sq deal? We're still introducing it to new stores every day!
true that's how we remain under the control of the rich. But I think as an individual it's always better to have more $ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Links please.
Hey, that's great! Looks good.
nun much...u remember me
Happy Friday to you, too! Have a great weekend.
I would love to see personalized, self-paced classrooms where each st advances at optimal rate!
Correction: Hanging out w/MiiMadre IS ALWAYS A BLESSING PLUS lots of FUN!!! Lol
you are living the life.
Hoping opens a property in Whistler soon... and I would love to test it out!
Watching Sports Center, They Are Blowing Down On My Lakers Heavy!!
#schwag ass flow.
I don't think I can look....
#YouWereCuteUntil the morning after when I sobered up.
They need to pay some room & board-I've heard 2 many horror stories where kids take full advantage...
Thanks for the follow and the kind words Beau!
Laser beaming! In 2011 we are refining our focus. Go to our website to find out more! www.oklahomahomerepair.com
Somebody hit the lights, so we can rock it day and night people gettin down thats right from am to pm <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Should lariat hire Bryant? Yes or no?
bout tuhh go
I can't go back to sleep :(
bahahahahah!!! ABS!!! RT : I'll have what you're having, or in #Zone's case ... Not having
Ever tweet about a nearby stranger doing something stupid, then start worrying they might read it? Don't worry, I wasn't talking about you.
you guys are going to get the ring man I promise
Starting to teach myself how to build on mobile platforms. Want to add more tech skills to my marketing/branding-focused portfolio.
CASH GRAB!!!!!! Can't say anything go BUY THE-BOOK!
Yes, was utterly hilarious. As in not at all. Nothing cooler than driving down the highway looking like ass.
RT : I've been to twice. Great classes on social media & a chance 2 meet peeps behind the pals.
First single off my new album is done. Yay! Check out "Restless" at www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret
David, I noticed you RT'ed news of Mac client. Any interest in using us at Variety?
And this time I'm not leaving without you.
so sad i missed her!
haha I'll just save you the trouble! Lol it's a secret! I didn't say on there either
Website is somewhat down for the time being, sorry folks! Check back in a few days.
Competitions are today for the MN Dream Girls USA Pageant! Wish I could be there! :)
Speak Up Findings:In 2007 only 11% of teachers regularly updated their social networking site, 2010 showed over 44% as active Facebook users
See, don't bring that stuff around me. I'll hurt your feelings.
Congrats to for being the first poker player twitterer to break the news of Dr. Conrad Murray's guilt.
I'm bored of all my music... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
“: if you are ever kidnapped I have a few photos for the local news” Are any of them photos of me?
Today is the day! It's finally here! CATS!
"Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost." — Milan Kundera (The Unbearable Lightness of Being)
Cool twit. RT Be encouraged. Stay on your hustle. You can’t fail until you quit.
Ahh yes. Me and Genmai-cha meet again. Perfect for study time :]
what are the rates I need a room that night for me and my man
proud #unionmember member!!
thanks!! I was slow but I ran it!!
Well ttyl gotta watch draco roll around on stage.
Ok. Go Ron Paul take Nevada
never heard of her but she's gorgeous. Thanks.
Game 2 watch party. I think we need more food.
why you hating on ?
My career makes me long for death.
Finally done with class for the day, now time to do laundry, LSAT work, gym, shower, dinner, hw, and relax.
lol. Guess not !
Yeah.... I couldnt make the game tonight but it sounded awsome... I will be listening
Looking to change payroll companies? Let's talk
don't be mean to him JT! :P
Can't wait to hear your presentation!
"Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade" - postponed to Sun. 10/30, due to the impending snow!! Join us around 3:30, parade at 4:30.
haha what all was he saying? I couldnt hear him on the sidelines.
Guys, Clint Eastwood just fixed the economy!
When me and plan to kidnap a lesbian from YouTube<U+E022>
have u seen that snowflake on flashplayer! looks so Chrisrmasish=)))
History Channel AND Thor parody on South Park, brilliant
Thank you for rebooking my flight home to Austin. :)
How did you have your healthy chocolate today?
Want to work with a band on the road any suggestions!!!!!!
Love the fall. Hate the bruises tho. LOL.
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you have to negotiate with a hooker over Blowjob prices.
You're not going to get inside my head!
Think I'm off my Monday night Raw tonight.....
My phone is so.jacked up!!! Ugh I need a new one.. counting down the days
Great Wednesday Burger Night at the East Side Bakehouse! All we're missing is YOU!! There's still plenty of time so stop on by!
ion even know nobody talkn bout goin
This aint no picnic
RT : MIRROR: You look amazing. CAMERA: I don't think so... FRIENDS: Hey you, someone looks beautiful. SELF-ESTEEM: You're ugly
my dog is the devil
Quite disappointed with trivia results tonight.only saving grace was we weren't last.
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA IN beautiful Coshocton - free daytime/evening programs -- got to www.ohiohumanities.org
Today&#39;s top stories
lol I kno Simms told me I put them perks down not when I get back tho lol
if the majority audience of American idol wasn't little girls, stefano would have been eliminated instead of the best female singer.
BEAUTY TIP: Lip tattoos are being seen out and about, do you think it's a do or don't?
Ugh, not again!
": Amazed I feel sweet after last nights shenanigans! :) no sleep and still going strong :)"
#Chrysler Music Group |
The more u give in the more they take away.
I LOVE YOU.
Bored as fuck damn wish I had someone to hang out with :/
I got to escort Rihanna to her seat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> she's so pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> 3rd time I get to see her beautiful face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Chris Carr
Boy I don't need you, but you need me
is it beef jerky time yet?
Rockin' service at Oasis Hendersonville Sunday! The band is starting to gel with all those guitars LOL.
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
When you're a daughter of God, you are worth more than all the gold in the world.
Thank you! Nice for the next couple!
Thanks, homie. We'll do you proud.
Date Night! Mileybird & Gale Liam Grab Some Sushi! - PerezHilton.com
IN celebration of Demi's live chat, I am going to have Ice cream tonight!
Dang those are good seats!!
are you in Phili by any chance ?
Your most welcome hun. Do have an enjoyable Sunday as well. RT : thanks :-)
whatcha up to tonite sexy?? we're on a party bus wishing u were here!!
What a great day!
thanks for the mention!
o nice! i love chicago! im jealous lol
T1.1 I typically don't talk about my mental health. Which typically is not helpful O_o
That doesn't necessarily sound like a good thing. ;)
I've been getting them also. Yes do not open them!!!!
the international salsa music awards are closer than you think. stay in touch with us , you dont wana miss out.
DID U FORGET?.. THAT I WAS EVEN ALIVE .. DID U FORGET?.. EVERYTHING WE EVER HAD.. DID U FORGET?? DID YOU FORGET?? ABOUT ME!! <U+2665>
PICK ME!
Go off on her Keisha damm it
Today's Friday the 13th, and it always reminds me how irrational some sports superstitions are...namely Nomar Garciaparra's every move
Swear he said "I'm from the ass kicking family I ain't won nun but it's whatever" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao
I believe that service is not only the best but the only way to protect and nurture our democracy. -
Maybe ur boring stupid face (childish lol) RT : My twitter been stale for like 3 days TF!!! Yall boring !!
Has anyone used Zotero during nonfiction book research? If so, tips on making the most effective use of it?
#ThingsMyExSaid It Will Be Different I Promise
#edtechnyc : #Edtech devices are there. Students use them. Catching up with them will occur in the next few years.
Keep `em coming Mark.
Major verbal fight going down right outside my window. This is fun.
If you find a girl who is willing to go through hell just to keep the relationship going, then you should never take her love for granted.
Thanks so much! I'm glad she's here and healthy, too. :)
Kiu Li and Selina Macdonald rock my world!
stay golden ponyboy
I'm here to steal the fuckin show cause baby I'm a bandit
Birthday in 15 more days !!!!!!#18 baby!!
On the bright side, LeBron and the Heat shouldn't have to go past a Game 5 in any of their series until the Finals.
what the hell were u watching?!
alright. jo's gonna be there after she gets out of gymnastics
Awaiting outside CBS News for #FaceTheNation taping
STOP IN THE BEST SHOP IN BUFFALO.......THECUT(seen on vh1) get ya style from the master stylist
Bad morning already!!
been around a long time - bible HISTORY, bible LITERATURE etc
hey, how are you?:)
Thx fam!!! RT : Shouts to Strictly Deep CD is tight!!
Pretty PLEASE FOLLOW Me @ perdyprincess21 . Whenever yu get a chance wld b AWESoME!!!
I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity" -Billy Joel
Thank you for the follow!! Love you guys!! <3
I have no idea, but it was hoorible*a million, gah. How you doing?
hey players why don't you feel sorry for the poor fan who have to pay alot of money just to see ur ass because you want more money
You're both fab! :-) RT I'm honored. I learn a lot from the fab , too:) Thanks, Sarah!
Are you intrested in marketing with Video? Do you want the inside scoop? Comment or Send me a privite message.
Awesome Bud Shoot-out tonight
They bring me joy.
If your over 65 you shouldn't be driving. Justsaying
Whenever I'm creating test data in lower SAP landscapes, I attempt to be funny in my naming conventions to encourage future chuckles.
There are just a few more ticket packages left for my gig at the Hard Rock Cafe on Saturday! Let me know if you need one! :)
o yea funniest man Alive and strongest being alive
lol...i saw that earlier.
Is live coverage going to cut out once the game starts? That was the problem with 550
about to go to bed I'm sleepy/drunk ha I'll txt you in the morning good night (:
Going Paddle boarding with friends thanks to living social! Life is great in South Florida :)
Heading to the grocery. Hoping for 30 minutes or less & $30 or less! Final countdown to the big day :-)
: yes, I will definitely check out your Knitting Factory show!
Also, we have gone back to our winter hours. We are now open Tues-Fri 10a-7p & Sat 9a-5p.
well that's good izzy used to cry loud every night I hated it. At least he doesn't do that.
Once again #cicLAvia was lovely. Thx for good times & 5 others
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 21
felt the earthquake on 65th and 2nd
Just woke up n realized it's October!!! #My month
Not if I slap you first
I'm starting school tomorrow also but I'm going into the 8th grade.
.....is that anything like ICE CREAM?
If you ran multiple browsers you could stay logged into both.
Are you in Vegas?
I'm game!
Congrats on your big debut!
Heading to ATL to shoot a movie....
prove it
haha thank you
welcome to the family!
she's your mother too dipshit.
I get back the 16th, but I'll be available again starting the 21st most likely :)
We are getting ready for another fun weekend at Redstar be looking for our venues and FRESH HOTTIES DANCING for you!
LMAO......glad we are in agreement....
i think we got the issue fixed. can you test and confirm?
you love me
Folks make it seem like having Kids at a Young Age is a Bad thing.
Aw thanks! Your tweet made me feel good :)
busy Friday. "Right on top of that Rose!"
swine flu?
This entourage shit is going to happen bro.
#camnewton falls short on Madden cover! Still great to be 1 of final two.. Plus there's that curse thing!
doing good :-) how about you?
I like 's idea of collaboratively writing to a prompt in gdocs to open a session.
captivating on Charlie Rose.
yeah I know I apologize :(
#Breakfast was a #success !
At the gym again
M&M cats are cool like chestacheeto :)
We hope you'll join us as we ring in the New Year, but we also want you to plan ahead to get home safely. RTD is offering FREE RIDES on...
America, we have very fond memories of the folks that were lost on 9/11/2001 but let's rise up now and let's make a difference for everyone
#icantgoadaywithout getting on twitter & facebook :) 8]
how much time is there left in the game?
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
glad you had fun!!
I can't wait to hoop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
didn't know you was an Aquarius. (Like me) Happy Birthday, enjoy an ve safe!!
exactly. A bit pretentious, you think?
no matter what I say no matter what I do every little thing reminds me of you
I'm obviously just not good enough for you. I like you so much though.
A studio away from living space would be pretty awesome!
Atleast I can say we played a speakeasy.
very good question my dear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
B2B is actually more open to letting employees represent the brand in social versus B2C
Show us who you are! What is one thing you do everyday? Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
every time its the same
Ion really fuck wit nobody nomo !
yeah yo. I should be done by 430
“: expressway lova jamming” appreciate that my dude!
How was his face when he heard ? : How BLESSED am I??? No Joking My Son just asked me who has thrown for Most Yds in Playoffs”
damn aint been on herr in a min wts goin on
Just realized that gmail actually supports sign-ins for multiple accounts, now i just need to switch between my accounts - very nice!
lucky! i've only been there once! :/
CO House assembled for roll call and now headed to party caucuses; won't return to floor until after 1p.
Like riding a bike RT : Delmon Young grounded into his first double play of 2012.
Take me to another place where I’ll be ...
#BOYFRIEND is my ringtone and I listen to it everyday! Thanks for makin the best music! :)
this is important.
oh goodness these designs are cute
did he tell you that.??
If it is so bright that you have to squint, you’d better wear sunglasses!
Ya..back your ass off westbrook..
I really need someone to join me at Midlake concert at 9:30 club tonight. Rogue Wave opening.
RT : And if you want a college degree but can't pay cash, I'd suggest studying paupering somewhere without Stand Your Ground laws.
omg me either<21
hell yeah!!! It's going to be epic!! : "Super excited to bring to the super secret bar in center city tonight"
doing a little shopping online;)
welcome. the best place to start to try & get the word out is local social/tech influencers, media outlets, & biz organizations.
Myles: "what if cows eat weed...? "the stakes will be high" Ryan: 1 Myles: 0
great show saturday
Musicians are such drama queens! Good grief! I do not exclude myself btw... ;)
true I'm about to get a vid of it turning over.. Nothing else to do... Hah!
aww my little brother wrote a good poem, so proud of him :'D
Im winning in excess always :-DRT That Awkward Moment when u find out ppl dedicate their time in hating on u, Thats when u know U r
OK. I have a crush on Zooey, but her eyes in that totally creep me out. I'm choosing to blame Instagram.
follow me .
There still are too many of us who have not yet had that straight person awakening -racism & homophobia come from the same ugly place.
Removing the existing label and applying your brand label On t-shirt for a low price contact
Hey people I need help I need people to go follow
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb
Just eating great chicken while watching the #REDWINGS play. 2-0 Let's WIN! (:
Just finished watching "35 and Ticking" and um, yeah....that's all I have to say about that.
What can we do here on Facebook to make your Summer better?
Giants won!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #2: “By false belief that great speakers are simply lucky to have been born with natural speaking skills.”
I'm yellin ya, it would be a huge success!
I've decided I want a fez for my birthday.
we definitely can help ya! :) stop in anytime
"Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought." -- Albert Szent-Gyoergi
About to do a long flight on a very small jet, gulp: DFW >>> SFO
oh its been so crazy lately! I've been really busy!! how are you?
lmao if not you know where to find me
Thank ya
Coach on Survivor is unbelieveable! There has never been a guy like him on there yet.
love, love, love my new #dryden collection in my new bathroom.
great meeting your fantastic team today
#w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers. IT needs to become BT "business technology"
Griffin just b#*slapped a massive dunk
When You On Ya Shit They Gone #Hate BlackShadeMafia
hey guys. im hungry.
you really need back to break down this Tebow race factor. Nobody breaks it down better.
Fuck my headphones are broke -__-
To anybody that can breathe louder then the guy next to me, ill give you $5
Lol read between these two red lines ^ ... U dont matter
Woke to my sunshine
I'm here until 4! :)
I need to fucking pee this is so annoying
SHOUT, SHOUT, LET IT ALL OUT!
Its always something ...
Apparently it's on YouTube, so I might as well. I just have this bad feeling that I won't feel much sympathy for characters.
Beermosa. This changes everything.
dont even attempt ever try to downtalk the black woman if you aint getting Oprah Winfrey money......
Slimgoodie!from the underground to the mainstream!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
#Don'tgiveupbecause the best is yet to come!
My name is Mrs. Engelsias....help me I'm poor.
Headed to formalize new partnership for exchange program w/ Jiao Tong University in Shanghai on #AsiaTrinity Tour w/
that would be sick bro.
I can't wait to get home I got some skulls I crush lol
But if ur wondering let me kno :P
Analytics in social have a long way to go, says Lisa Hsia #sxswbybravo - looks like she should talk to you,
Online shopping, I might have a problem.
Apparently tomorrow is ALSO Nat'l Corndog Day. We may have to take a trip up to
is waging a war against the Germans in his body.
We had a blast!!!! We love you guys and the Festival. The audience was amazing!!!
Hey I'm still getting spam messages from you. Please change your twitter password and it should fix the problem. Thanks!
Looking back at how when we first met and being together now > > > > > >
I agree, he's pretty cool :). Let's get dinner when is back in the U.S.A.!
gonna have to flake out on this one, see you guys next week!
So can I get a refill?
Oh No! Now I've got Kris Katan and Will Ferrell in my head. What is Love?
Have you been to the new ? That place is looking good!
where did you have this? Beautiful garnish... Like pink socks on a pig!
Will you eat cheese with maggots - just showed in Bizzar Food! - Andrew Zimmerman said it was really good!
Listen To ND Sing N Sex Ain't Better Than Love by Ma FAV
...or two more weeks for Max Payne for us PC dorks. Kinda hating that two week wait trend.
Cause im with you and you're with me! <3
Wow! That's so nice from Justin Bieber to do a song for his Mum! I'm sure Pattie is proud of him...
...that writer being Shaun Brady, of the City Paper.
Fun event for the Yolo County Children's Alliance tonight! rocked the mic AGAIN for a great cause!
thanks bro. Will give it a try. They come and go.
6 yrs ago I lost a huge piece of my heart when I lost my dad to Leukemia leaving a huge void in my life.Miss you everyday & love you Dad.
Thank you for investing in my campaign to continue serving as a champion at Metro Hall for folks in #TheNewD1!
When ya gonna post the vids on youtube? Everyone is waitin'! #ohthesuspense!
I'm great thanks, How are you? <3 X
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Finna pour up hell its been a long week and I need a damn drink #peachciroc it is
Good luck- does he play chess?
what youu mean if I'm not? That bee youu when youu get around people!! :/
Students demand that discussion leader define terms, e.g., is movement just a term for "progressives"? what is "progressive"?
Holy shit - me and android just super cleaned our house.. Like gutted it and threw every unnecessary thing away! It feels amazing!!
That's AWESOME! RT : at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
have fun!!!
just send us a direct message with an address an how many tickets you would like and we will get them out to you.
So tired.
People do that to my dog as well. Big shocker that she is no fan of biker wheels.
I am on a plane
Need to smoke now!
I love the city of Charlotte, NC!
We will be Hank Williams 3 2nite at the Blind Pig - Ann Arbor, MI
ck out simply grand music
Who should make up the next board at #madisonsmc? Get to know the candidates at Wandos 6-8 pm #meet&greet. specials
Mahatma Gandhi The future depends on what we do in the present.
Always happy to help.
* we shouldv went to Red Lobsters . . . .i want some of that garlic bread shit .
think that's why it's kept by water !
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Awkward moment when people take sarcasm to the extreme. I'm laughing so hard...(: x
aaron.tv version 3.0 soon?
Wrigley needs to stay EXACTLY like it is - FOREVER!
Nope....saw him on Jimmy Kimmel
may the lord be with you man! rather you pull out a win or not. you've been true to your word since high school. Life=journey!
good and yourself it's been a long time man
I hope my client's products are never perceived as "crappola".
I know right but I want my morning !! I have work and a interview in the afternoon :(
Are there fewer female comics out there b/c of how male comics treat them? I don't know. That's unrelated to anything I wrote.
how does one run out of soymilk?! That means no match either!
I also feel like I can't see, which is weird because my new glasses are finally the same prescription as my contacts.
Everyone post the link to our page as your status!! SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!!
Your job is super cool. Have fun, and share a pic! :)
I wish you would read his bio... I had my doubts but his story is truly amazing. As I Christian, I truly admire him.
At least ONE of us is amused. ;)
google it or YouTube it lol
Stick around. Some folks are fond of you w/o drama or bullshit.
no probb baby :)
About to work on this golf swing
Wow! Thanks! RT : Honored to be a part of #MarchforBabies305! Follow as we walk for healthier babies in Miami.
oh alright cause we in already
5K Color Run today :)
Everyone who helped plan this year's DIY Trunk Show has our hearts full-to-bursting. Thank you all for making yesterday's show amazing.
bumped into Matt vitamonte at the guardsmen party
Early effin' call time tomorrow. AGAIN. I hope the weather doesn't screw me tomorrow.
Missing the family already
follow us?....and lol I hope u get sleep!:) haha -Ashley
It's not too late--you still have 8 hours to GIVE TO THE MAX! $4,645 given to The Bakken in just 16 hours! $5,355 left in matching funds!
Lookout weekend cuz here I come >>> “: looking forward to the weekend”
RT : #seattlepd Riding around the Pike/Pine area talking with different business owners. Rain and wind are keeping people inside.
Quote of the Day "If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought." -Peace Pilgrim
"In college I had to dropout of Calculus because I did not understand it and yet I never called Newton a fraud." from Is Modern Art a Fraud?
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk. That; takes; skills.
It is kind of unfortunate...but who can't love Carrie Bradshaw?
The Lakers are gonna get SWEPT, and imma love every second of it
Have the balls to suck openly.
Lets see how SA responds too a real competitor
looks like a wild night kiddies! :) love it!
I question Biden's promises. After all, he promised he wouldn't be VP in 2008 (look it up).
Rebeca! We must catch up soon! Would love to have you teach a chainmaille class.
no rain today :( but last week we got 1.7". After that, my firespike stood up straight, but today its back to droopyness
“: it was backed up as far as I could see either way. My bus stop is @ Urbane & turns on 9th.” At Olive & Howell
are you gonna play sfxt at the tournament
So excited for #Girls Got Rhythm Fest!! Opening for #Ronnie Spector and #5678s tomorrow!!!
bow chicka wow wow
Last day of camp.. :'( thanks to all who helped us out this year!!
I still have a night light. I'm 23. So what.
Love the blog! Name is classic!!
who like's metal flowers that are hand made?
You are missing his point. He is saying he would rather do/see a thoughtful movie than a blockbuster action film.
Ending to a fun filled toptional day. Ask ANYONE who was here. Not one fight and everyone left with memories! Great life!
Close! GREAT commercial
What's Up =) How's Ur Spring Break Niggah..!
Getting ready for a #BEASTMODE session
lls! i Bet! lil nasty self!
don't start <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Rabbit, rabbit.
Coffee, eggs, NPR and yoga make for the happiest Sunday mornings.
seems to have been hacked...or he's tried alcohol for the first time. Kids all over my TL sounding crazy!
MiniBük is in Seattle for #tsdday TechStars Demo Day and Seattle Interactive Conference
Watching first 48 bout to cook dinner then watch the game
My film "Make-Up" will screen today at 11pm in Cinema Paradise Theater 503 S.E. 6 st. 1 block E. of the Broward County Court House in Fla.
your tinman is pretty cool! haha. how do you find time to make all of those things?
My first prank-less April Fool's Day. Ah, maturity - you're just no fun.
Okk Off To Bed Gotta wake Up Really Early Tmrw.... Gonna Go For My Schedule Night Twitter && Friends Lol
RT": Breathe. It's just a bad day, not a bad life."
she has been refused to participate to the fully booked Archive 2020 conference... :(
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
He'll always be here through you :-).
duh thats a given lol. MISS YOU!!!
#scms12 it takes a network to analyze a network: they seem self-generating
"Numeric Code: 93"
Legendary ~ is currently outstanding fan of & are very talent singers. Sam deserve best. He met them.
brock lesnar betrayed stfu pussy. ufc undisputed lol dude got his ass beat, he sucks.
see u over there in a few
the leading authority on the #NHL would be one Mr , you're welcome!
thanks eric! we love #tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
Still haven't tried Marmite. I imagine it must taste bitter, sweet and fruity. And brown.
Went out with a Finnish girl from the hostel tonight and tried to spread that not all Americans are dumb...hard message to spread
About 16% of kids' total calories come from added sugars, new report finds.
lucky guy lol
Do I really? :o omg how embarrassing :p lol “ "You say the nastiest shit in bed and it's fuckin' awsome"”
Ok singers, did you notice how much the girls on #AmericanIdol were playing with their hair? Obnoxious.
Every once in awhile I'm reminded to be more selective about who I follow on Twitter. So as not to be like the rest of the sheep...
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic
Try navigating a van and trailer through all that in two hours. It's fun.
thanks for stopping by! keepin it local!
morning jeydon, what are your plans for today? :]
So I've heard
*scrolls tweets*
Lumberjack slam me please. N/H
I quite agree ... I'm checking the details now and will share soon!
Rep. Paul should be asked if he agrees with his son on the law. How far does the apple fall from the tree?
True wisdom! RT : Intelligent. Attractive. Emotionally stable. Pick two.
going at it with some Steelers fans. He's not mentioning who though, we will report to you who it is if we find out.
In Living Color returns in April. Wow! Excited
When thinking about G+, think beyond just the tool. Think about the implications of any new tool that enters the marketplace.
y what happened?
Money dont make me i go and make money
Where is your favorite place in DC and why. Best answer gets a #free ticket to film fest. DM us!
lol so you can get a job and go to school. I do that shit.
the t shirt
lol now lets see if u can back it up!!! hm?
"Me and niggas ya type never exchange numbers, wanna conversate, and steal game from us..."
Do they need to go to re-finishing school?
just spitballing here ... because reading is harder to teach, and you only get one good shot to do it right?
Thiss gay ass dude jus got on mii nerves ..
RT- grammar// correcdt grammar on Twitter...really?? Seriously.
YOUR AND YOU'RE. YOU ARE IN 8TH GRADE YET YOU CAN'T EVEN KNOW THE DIFFERENCE IS. ugh
Kids like this aren't worth the $25 an hour.
Lunchtime with the boss for his third birthday...his pick, pancakes... Aretha Frankensteins downtown Chattanooga
I'm a cautionary tale for your children.
Justin Drew Bieber.<3
Thanks for that. And we've been enjoying your show too!
Passion pit
Idc when someone says bad things. but when it comes to my boyz. bitch you better back off.
hopefully my time to shine will be very soon, with the new and up coming Talent/Record label coming up and all,
sorry i'm not home right now, i'm walking into spiderwebs so leave a message and i'll call you back.
Has anyone ever used streamclip before? If you dont sit in front of it does the video reexport when its done? This shit has repeated thrice.
lol were they at your house? Where was he trying to take his beer?
you were part of that family!
us with your BEST oneliner and you could win two tickets to Saturday's show! (10:30PM Tickets regularly $6)
Need a game developer company..
I've literally put the release date for the new Harold and Kumar 3-D movie on my calendar. In Ink.
I am. It's just so...unexpected.
Agreed. I think programming should fill high school foreign language requirements.
I'm a horrible coach.
or flasks
No better way to end the great weekend than watching #OnceUponATime and
That's absolutely despicable. Back to "if." Not your fault, but this failure of communication is disparaging. gf
What do u mean?
Never think about what could go wrong...you should think about what could go right.
Q4: Keeping myself from being distracted by family and housework etc needing to be done is a BIG challenge for me
sampling of Cravaack legislation: HR 2442 Rural County Mandate Relief Act; HR 801, Truck Weight Uniformity Act
The girl with the dragon tattoo has many nominations at the oscars tonight
Dancing With The Stars 2012 Week 7 Elimination Result: Jaleel White eliminated, Roshon Fegan saved by judges
Thanks, Bethany! Can't wait.
28 degrees? Are you kidding me?
And now after that session, I have a crap ton of French released tunes to buy.
guys calm down squirrels invented parkour
oh yeah, man bro ain't come last time... I'mma hold my money till I know 4 sure... What's the venue?
Mad shout out to stay home be nasty shop online link is on my profile. Free shipping on everything allyouneedolga.webstore.com
so tired and bired but still up and watching TV
Early morning on set at the PayPal shoot. I wish someone did my hair, makeup and wardrobe everyday :)
Sigh -- that's not the startup mode I've been talking about ;)
: is coming to Dallas,Tx. Please come out and hang with us!
We are 2 wks away from our final pilot taping b4 we pitch the show. Jul20 at with guest FREE ADMISSION
aw man, that sounds awesome, but I have a lunch date with my wife!
strong like bull lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"Prestige is about increasing respect." #Fascinate #mptech from
GOOD :D
Thanks from me too. Happy Friday!
Curious - what are the dimensions of that piece?
So... who likes Ed Sheeran?
i hate being hungry, you and me know this better than anyone i think
#ThingsMyMotherSays it would be nice to see your face once in a while
finally getting snow?
I am too... weird
Manchester City are Champions. Was it a great feat by SAF to keep a disjointed UTD in the race for goal diff? Or an overrated City fluke?
Are you seriously trying to deny that "rescission" docs were forged? Is that CTA's formal position?
Looting? RT : So what does LA Kings, #CLIPPERS and Lakers all in PLAYOFFS at same time mean? A FLAG on EVERY car in SoCAL!!
They were a good band!
this means war
3 Brewers stats that won't last all year: Weeks has more walks than hits. MIL 15th in National League in ERA, 14th in NL in batting average.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add as friends yay!
remember when you put away the dirty dishes?
Within 3 minutes of walking into heard 3 women ask about 50 Shades of Grey. And it was RIGHT THERE front & center. Lol
Attention fans we have a sighting on Twitter aka
#wafflehouse trending? Ah! The memories: college yrs, the official after-party spot. Can it be it ws all so simple then? :) Thx
Thanks O'Reiley auto parts for selling me the wrong bulb for my blinker, & then watching me struggle in the parking lot for 30 minutes
Coming down from Roc to ski tomorrow. Hopefully the rain today doesn't ruin all the snow
Blah Blah Blah I Ish Bored lol :P
Hello and goodmorning!
how's work bitchasss
the 21 champion skins on sale & there are som champions on sale to go along with the skins..
funny shit really. stay up!
how much?
Remember in first grade, if you were the line leader you were the shit!
I'm going to see Bodies tomorrow. Anyone know of any deals / coupons???
Always stand on the side of truth... For truths foundation will outlive all the lies.....
ok.... I give u that! Hey, u feeling better?
Good idea, lad. <U+2665>
Great brunch with and ! Wonderful to meet you all!
. relating fight of #UXD to gain legitimacy in biz to the fight #PR pros have fought for decades.
milwaukee is a hub city. so the only way to make it ,is to get the hell out of here
17 - my lucky number.
you should come to florida in the summer ill take you scuba diving lol
I've not been on Twitter much but when I saw "Booksandwine" I smiled! After I finish writing today, books and wine best idea!
the true romantic: works at being a mind reader
What's up yall??;
Because it brings the damage! High school heroism like a mash-up of Bellow's consciousness and an existential Hardy boy.
is ther best singer in the whole world and its the truth!!!!:)
Add the element of surprise with table lamps! They don't need to match, but should have similar colors & shape and be the same height.
is still #TheVoice in my eyes. Proud of what he accomplished in this season.
it would be fun to do a book with stories and recipes from our childhood !
": Great news #GoPackGo -RT : A knee sprain for Greg Jennings...glad it wasn't any worse!"
The Economist: "In Homs they are burying their dead under cover of darkness, for fear that the mourners...will become the next victims."
I VOTED CHILE FOR YOU AND <33
It is bedtime. Need sleep. Sick parents suck.
Listening to Scott Case for the launch of 350 peeps loving #startups & #entrepreneurs. Represent #Hoosiers!
I CANT WAIT THT LONG!
Does it matter? I mean awakening or satori or whatever we call it... what style of teaching it transmits through?
of course you will, kid!
RT: “: getting a workout in where yat, ?”
ready for our party. Lol
I wish you a sweet and special day...
I used it a while, but it didn't recognize the (off-the-beaten track /cheap) hotels I booked & I usu. had to enter info by hand.
What's the move for tonight? Def not staying in the crib
i think its about time we get rajon rondo a nickname... #thesurgeon is just too good when passing the ball
haha that's the whole point Girl!! ;)
“: Check out this awesome campaign from ! As far as we're concerned, the more spandex, the better!” awesome!
Oh shizzz RT : 15 minutes to go. Will tonight be a Lamar King or Cortez Kennedy type day for the # Seahawks
in another life, I will make you stay
Happy Easter!:)
hahaha you're
Not liking this debate format
Official Title of my #seniorthesis of #graphicdesign APPROPRIATION OF INFORMATION, GRAPHICS, AND MATERIALS: THE FAIR USE COMMUNITY IN CRISIS
I say sharpshooters or get some drinks and chill.
Juwan Howard look like Mike Epps
fair enough. have been talking about it for awhile now anyway....
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon and he also founded PETA
yep, Brain Farm killed it w
Your mom is a new and unexpected development.
Just finished a wedding and starting on next one and same rascal flatts song bless the broken heart is in this wedding for first dance to.
yes more stuff to buy
awesome, have fun!
I hate him ughh!.
I think they're mostly creepy dating website promotors. I've been here a week and I feel like I already have some weird disease.
Hey Amy, How goes things? IS SNHU switching to Canvas? when you get back, give me a buzz so we can catch up.
Me and my family got 4 rows behind home plate reserved and a suite at this atlanta braves game..happy bday to me
Employers requesting Facebook passwords - even though its illegal- candidates just create two accounts!
That moment when you get a crush on the most inconvenient person possible
#ChangedMyLife #amazing all love for my lil cuz....love u bro...keep up the good work..we gon make it!!!
My sister always always always gives me the best advice. She's amazing...
Holland throws 2-hitter for Rangers in the #WorldSeries and gives bullpen a break in the 4-0 win for TX- it's now best of three for title.
that's the spirit!
RT : Note to Photogs: use a small watermark on your images, put a photo credit and link on all your photos too
Awesome job on the video! Talk about putting your skills to use. Love it, so proud of you!
#FF love u guys
thanks for the thanks! We'd love to see what you are doing with
lol totally!! Just sent it, hopeu like it, but let me know if you think it's lacking...really want to make it the best i can :)
Eric Benet better hit those high notes!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Thank you Amanda, it was a pleasure seeing you as well, Hope to see you on tour soon!
Great product! ": Are you ready to network at the 2012 #OSDBU Procurement Conference today? We ARE visit us at booth 320!
come on yall, aint no joke, lets watch the world go up in smoke!
oh i see, I really have no preference but ive heard the 3D isnt worth it
Smoking pipe makers #Continental and #Alibaba #IHaveAnIdea ! for you. Talk to me about a modern, novel, easy invention. 13112
The winter belonged to #BlockBoys. The spring and summer will belong to us as well. #TheGeniusTheMadness monday #BlockParty this summer
bouta finish this paper reaall quick!
Post it on the band wall!
pinterest has made me realize that my home is useless unless stocked with vinegar and old pallets
“: Looking for a late dinner? Don't forget we're open until 8!”
you need to follow this gal!.
please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me (: #ILoveYou <33
6. day: I love this juice and raw food diet! I have so much energy, my sleeps are amazing, and when I work out I feel like a superwoman!
Not so much..
THE WINNER IS: wins the fab Chill Pad from ! Well done!
good point. we should work on info lit more broadly, but get sucked into the 1st yr research paper that's the Eng dept's domain
standing next to her she seems nice lol she's had a long two days of shooting
no one will tell me who I can and cannot be.
National Siblings day- however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Waiting rooms are gross. And boring.
Defended my dissertation!
Step #3 <U+0096> Advertising on search engines and other various networks; placing an ad is a form of art
Peeling potatoes for 15 seconds, and cut my finger! haha
How's everyone doing tonight? Who's excited for NHL Playoffs??
My Old nigga MAD My new nigga GLAD but i dont know why imma dawg him like my LAST
I support a boy named The thing is, he doesn't know I exist, but that wont stop me from being a Mahomie. Ily Austin
#iJustWannaSay "Why can't I sleep?" this question keeps me awake at night
Prose was too purple before, anyway, but i need to finish before I'm living in friend's car.
How can Plaxico get 3 years for shooting himself? When a lady who left her child in the car for 7 hours and it died, might get off.
Don't let your storm go to waste. Life's trials are meant to make us better, not bitter.
how am I supposed to get you to notice me long enough to follow me in the SEA of your 2 million + followers?!
Just so EVERYBODY KNOWS.... today is 's birthday !(: heheheeh <U+E335><U+E310><U+E312>
What a wonderfully productive day. :)
Nice, that's a true Celtics fan there
I love you from Pluto and back
making red velvet cake, awkard moment when it is purple cux not enough food color
Just finished off with a great casting call. Have some good talent to consider. One more next weekend to make sure everyone gets a shot...
Happy Valentines Day!
Watching the race having a cold one
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers… now in business and they said talk to everyone…
well meow I know that
Junior, RIP.
Yeah but no matter what we do this year, we just don't have a huge PON that can be addressed at eleven
nice to know about you
Had Golden PrideFor Breakfast.
Officially sick of lists. 10 ways to attract attn & not say anything of value.
I need there's got to be great diving, what about surfing??
car died while moving out, good thing there was a hot guy to jump it
#ff & thanks for the support/follow guys!
F racking, is only as clean as the company that is F racking. Drink your own water. The dangers are not overstated.
And all the people were singing... R.I.P.
calling (: hehe making calls . But it says all lines are closed blah !
Brought my kids to visit West Metro live burn training. Inspiring to see professionals teaching the next generation. Kids liked the trucks.
OMG LIVE CHAT SO EXCITED!!! :D
We leave whatever team that was that wore our uniforms today in Colorado. Our team comes back now.
Love it! "GIS as a gateway drug at the " -Laurent
Logan looking good!
Giving up the blackberry today but stuck with T-mobile so I can't get an iphone :( what's the best droid?
Some folks ain't used to shit lol broadcasting what u have ain't cool it's middle school
Well deserved...quickly becoming one of the better #2 WRs in the NFL
post more info!
Watch Fox 59 News tonight in Indianapolis for a story on BitWise's involvement with the 2012 Indianapolis Super Bowl!!
plz follow me i need more followers plz
Haha, I know, I saw the comeback - just tryin to give you shit. Flyers win tomorrow & you may as well bring out the brooms brah
I want purple beats. But hey Soror I saw someone with Royal Blue Beats <3
Richard Koshalek speaks on transformational change and the bond between architecture and the vision of an institution
4 DJ's battle it out to be the next Sneaks Up DJ..all goes down on 2/12/2012 @ V Bar...
Sunday is always a funday ~
Are your damn parents still arguing ?
Thank you for including my post on Team Emotion in the May edition of Agile Chronicles.
Cool! Thanks.
I LOVE BINGE eating!! At night! When I'm starving!!!!
Visit our friends for their 2-year Anniversary Party today! Then come hang out with us for the afternoon!
You've got my vote. Better get your acceptance speech ready!
" A Disobedient child Never Prospers "
Deactivating Facebook has the similar satisfaction and accomplishment of a bowel movement.
i'm convinced that saves all.
New Videos Dropping Soon
#hth2012 social media helps give small archaeology staff big voice on campus and beyond
Eat pussy in your liesure time...it will keep you pretty happy.
nothing much and you ?
I bet she makes me look like a puss :/ “ but shes beast !! Okay (:”
RT : chillin at my freinds house you? Bout to go to blue Courts
Granger really hasn't been that big of a factor for the Pacers this year. This is a pretty typical night for him.
I don't think we can be friends after that comment.
Just watched a scene of Just us that we filmed and cried. That angry person is NOT me. Damn reality tv. Lol
yes! Tonight during much needed relaxing time!
Good morning! We're working on some menu updates for summer. Have any special requests for the summer menu?
Turkey Game ^-^
Once a good dress circulates around #pinterest it is sold out...
Lol u can try
need to email me at
yes we are! You can also send to too. Thank you for the interest.
Ha Ha! RT They don't make shows like full house any more. Probably because the Olson twins are to big now.
No one likes New Jersey, in my experience. It's the armpit/landfill of America.
Hey everyone! Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have great prices on all your favortie toys and games!!
I'm doing the Tin Roof/Paddock/2 Keys circuit with a friend.
wow you're so beautiful!
#ff great person to follow!
Thx 4 following me. facebook April lakergirl Bynum. Also Apriss the model like my fan page #FF also me
My guitar string just broke, Outta the blue. I wasnt even touching the guitar is what Im sayin.
Oh you fancy, huh?
But I'm agervated
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
That's weird :O
Enjoying the tweets from Quebec! Still figuring out how to connect the bits -- Twitter to Facebook, etc.
Good morning RT : “: Good morning fashion hearts!”GM
Hm. DnD planning or do some more freelance webmaster work (that I'm really doing for free)? I think DnD planning for now.
It is $85 for reserved seating. I'll take my chances & try to get single game tickets for just the UK games. Those are $10.
Here is the number for any help you need selling on Ebay - 866-540-3229. They have a great Customer Support System.
been in a quake yet?
Always remember where you came from.
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
Always blows my mind that it takes us an hour to traverse distances that our ancestors spent weeks crossing.
That moment in high school when I got to buy a wedding dress and it was the greatest thing ever
June through August? Wonderful! I'll see you then.
63 days and 21 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Where do I sign up to Audition for a Travis Porter video???
Yes, I have! And it's the best feeling. Glad you're having such a great night. :-)
I can totally believe is rockin it! How did yours go??
I see everyone is still on the same page .Thought we had another book..
We can go higher than the sun!
I swear Glenn Beck is Jiminy Glick. Even the name 'Glick' is a portmanteau of his name. You've fooled us all Martin Short!
Thanks Diane! RT Happy to be an accredited business partner of I value trust and credibility don't you?
Dr Dre is a licensed medical practitioner.
peace to you as well!
sorry to know that person has the same passport as me.
one of my biggest frustrations, it is their job to do what is best for students, true avoidance of doing what is best for children.
Sweet 360 view! We need to come by and check out the new digs. ;)
lol the curse of the cornrows!! oh shit
Defendant Mickey Wagstaff is staring expressionlessly at the judge as the jury instructions are read. Opening stmnts up next.
Crappy night last night and a really busy day today
pull the tampon out...
his loss.
I'm n teaxs...u don't even begain 2 understand what heat is...lol
Not to jump in here ;) The financial issues are tied with social issues. You cannot address one w/o the other.
Once, years ago, my son didn't get a job b/c of his poor handwriting. True story. (Lesson learned.) Hm, would that even matter now?
It takes 8 to 14 mos. to get job ready for hireing workers, maybe 2 yrs.
sure do!!
Changing it up as robert and me as brandyn w my cool as spelling
Pow-wow brings ancient tradition to SCSU - shawls for women
Is anyone surprised about The Artist winning? They themed all of the presentation clips around it.
If your ever caught sleeping in class slowly raise your head and say in Jesus name, Amen!
This weekend was Awesome < went steam punk and anime fashion show, saw Dentia Odigie in concert and went to a mission game.
A thorough #familyreunion guest list is key! Not having enough chairs and tables can make things uncomfortable.
Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world #leadership #leadfromwithin -- Lolly Daskal ()
Heading over to Hawthorne for some good writing lessons! Now, snow, stay away for a little while...
Freeze warning in effect
LCC softball hosts SW Oregon at Tamo at 2 p.m. Friday. Pregame ceremony to honor longtime LCC coach Tim Mackin and his 10 championships
Thanks for the support!!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, in a financial or manufacturi…
Would put more blame on bldg owner. Plans for site got approval during boom years, but owner didn't move.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
True. Rory is a good pick. I've narrowed my picks to 2 Americans though, Mahan and Watney.
its 2:31pm, and im nackered, might just sleep all day ;D
secret love, my escape, take me far, far away.
Headed to The Bay..
Yay returns today! Welcome back :-)
Last time I went to SEC tourney in NOLA UK lost in champ game. #1996 Won NCAA #ChannelingBrian LOL!
RT if you LOVE Italian food!
": A Finnish friend of mine told me u enjoyed my band theFALLEN's free track! :D Xx" what soundtrack?! :-D
Ok. First episode of Fringe. Yeah. Love it. Gonna have to watch it all now, damn you JJ.
just booked a bigger limo for #securitywineout. anyone else want in?
Walked out of the room for the HR ball to longoria and missed it by a second. Walked out again for a pitch and bam. Tie ball game.
i love you so muchh check out my new fb pics of me in my halloween costume that ima wear mon <3
nothing ha why does everyone think me and Josh are dating.!?(:
'Be strong and of good courage, and do it; do not fear nor be dismayed, for the LORD God — my God — will be with you.' (1 Chronicles 28:20)
Don't stare directly at it! YOU'LL GO BLIND!!!!
Just sent you an email re: unconference.
I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND THANK YOU POLITELY.
is one of my favorite people on this planet. Thank you for being a friend.
Modern and traditional
I know bro! Thank goodness for iPhones.
Might get a drink tomorrow
Listening to a interesting presentation of the Arizona Memory Project
Thank you & ! It was fun, but now we're exhausted. xoxo
oh yea i agree, i was just saying i can see why ppl like it more, so many more upsets, every game means more etc
me too!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> lol glad I got to see you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
“: Seeing timely reminder to use #gwerrick hashtag on this lovely day!”
#Team<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> That's all
great work today. Get some rest. You deserve it. Kudos to the whole team.
Why do you have to delete?
Um I didn't realize how THICK Lebrons headband is... LAWD have Mercy...
Mr. Tripodi said that twitter for teenagers is just a public way to text people #soright #lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Raji is ok. Husband/wife couple and dude at end equals not funny.
Check out BookHolders on Sigma Chi's float at the Homecoming Parade! Starts at 7pm, see ya there and Go Bulls!
Forever is overrated just make it through today
pick me! Pick me!
Three words four oh nine
Swing tonight - busy! Next week will be the 4 year anniversary of Demitasse Swing at Te!
Make Extraordinary Desserts a destination for your holiday shopping! Our exclusive cookbook, tablewear, and chocolate bars make great gifts!
Any chance Bobby cremates Whitney and snorts her?
Occasional material fetishism is ok, right?...
loves Beyonce! no secret bout how youre in shape so quick m moving right along now...!
Probably, just like in life. What's with guys and supermodel goggles?!
Congrats to Kelly O’Brien Mulhern & Elizabeth Bradford-Howeth winners of a $50 Gas Card! Like us on FB (SBXThe125) to win great prizes!
happy B-day my Guy this ur day do it big mane
I am
super jealous! Take lots of pictures!!
Nothing like a good work out to get the heart pumping
Glad you're a convert. Next time we'll roll into Jewel together.
I would know.
I overuse the word "lol ... lol
Loved your recent post on Terry Collins. Flip flopper! :) #LGM!
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
23 June, Chicago. Be there.
When you dream, dream big.
and you gonna get GOT!
danger is your last name. I don't get it?
IS THE STORY OUT YET LOL
Okay! And the last cheery ditty. (Thinking decimate isn't the most poetic word this side of moontides.)
pumped for the season! Can't wait to spend opening day at Fenway! Wish I could make it to jet blue park this spring!
Barbara! You are awesome for always tweeting about Dive & supporting their music! <3 Thanks for the
guys that fuck like they scared<<<<< you sure straight nigga lol
I might have gone a little spazzy on the RT's, but 's quotes are just too damn relevant (and good!)
btw I'm following 322 people and have only 74 following us back luv you guys :)
so u do like ur cartoon I live my cartoon man how's the family
What is Harper's arm rated? Looks pretty strong from the highlights
No school for moi tomorrow, hell yeah. Night night
delivering some delicious eats for our #homeless community members!
Yo. If you have any of those left over, I'll take one.
I completely forgot THE AVENGERS is opening tomorrow. The geek in me surely is disappointed that that could have slipped my mind.
Shoot Charles Dickens is good too-I mean how did he describe things that were Dickensian? Did he just say dreary?
Looks good! Thanks for the support good brother! 06!
okay I'll get them!
Meyers Institute for College Preparation joins Twitter. Follow us for the latest news and updates!!!
#FF my boy and make sure u cop his beat tape it goes trust
Yep sure do!
I'm shopping...literally
Adjustment - Butler will not beat UCONN playing half court game. UCONN too long. Get out & get layups & threes in transition. Easy buckets.
hard when your team loses, but there are some great upsets today
Photoshop tip: Use the Posterize adjustment layer set to 40 before you export transparent PNGs. HUGE file size savings!
Definitely getting "Carpe Diem" tattooed across the backs of my shoulders or down my ribcage.
and i just deduced that, due to my lack of makeup and immense amount of flannels, everyone thinks I'm a lesbian.
#cantdecide if i love or hate my online class. not used to the format of online learning. how do people actually learn anything online?
Also had to change her name because of sadie and my family is Completely out of money because of Sadie so thanks
I don't believe marriage is the lynchpin of social justice, but waking up to a constitutional ban on gay marriage isn't getting any easier.
Silverwood is officially a Pro Tools 9 HD2 studio... Come check us out... we can handle all of your needs from A to Z... (678) 653-1883
about to go to the fair
with a gun???? That tweet frightened me. Lol
I really was
Please come support the CCA boys basketball team in our first home playoff game in 7 years. We play Brookhill Tuesday @ 7:30 at CCA !!
My neck hurts.!
Can't wait until I get my puppy.
omg i should sneak you in
Maybe that's a sign for how busy it's going to get :)
Working on a blog post about cheap or free things to do in #Vail!
If you are surrounded by a lot pf bad influence, then my advice to you is find new friends!
oh shush
OMG. WHY ARE YOU NOT FOLLOWING ME???!!1 I AM THE COOLEST!!!1!! HOW... oh, wait... you ARE following me. My bad.
Jordis Unga is "The Voice" but, more than that...We Need the Soulfulness that She Has...Help Her to Share with Our World !!!!!
Tune in to WRTV-Indianapolis at 5pm to see Mary Cook, speaking live from M/I Homes of Indianapolis' newest model at Hickory Stick!
True, but no one cares what he says. B/C he can't win!
There are some people in this world that you just want nothing more than to punch them in the fucking face
Every time a newsie uses the word "austerity," a Euro-kitten dies. :-(
Brackets are so bad this year.
where? What time?
excited to have a new management team!!
I need a new phone
Football posted so far from 85 cappers and consensus right on the # so far with W.Va & Ov but more posts to come
It's time to let go I'm tired of trying
I have changed outfits 3 different times today due to temperature...Oh Wisconsin and your weather..
1 of my slides for tomorrow's presentation has a pic of in Funny Girl FTW
if u haven't all ready, go follow u WONT regret it! <111
6 followers. What what!
If I didn't have a wedding to go to, I think I'd sit around all day and read just to avoid the Facebook talk
if it is we are getting some when I come!!!!!
but she's at the beach. all i did today was paint stairs.
Getting #googledrive today has taught me that my Google Docs were a complete organizational disaster.
fuck everybody....no one cares ne mre.....#crying :'(
RT Cheeks exercise,braces,lighten lips colour,lighten hair colour..something is super wrong with me.
Looks like the texans next week.
Free coffee tomorrow jotos
Now Playing The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith Off-Broadway at the St. Luke’s Theater (308 West 46th Street)
IS IT REAL?
The only good thing about this week is that I only have to go to school for 4 days
My go to snacks are yogurt and an apple + string cheese. But that's no bueno for my allergies.
It's that time of the year book now for your holiday family session!!!
So tired but I don't wanna go to bed yet :)
No, not yet--but it really is on my list. I think it just moved up on it.
Which route are you taking? And do you find it necessary to stop?
: PLEASE pick up #Ringer its an amazing series
To all a Merry Christmas
If you truly understand me, you'll let me be annoying...
Just took a tour of the Greenwell Farms Kona Coffee! I have a whole new respect for my coffee!
Since Jeremy has to work late this next week, it feels like finals
I have 3 Yankees and 9 total
YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!
Woke up not being able to move my legs. My entire spine in excrutiating pain. Still is. Wth is this? I smell emergency room.
do u mean u were born in brooklyn??
its ok im just trying to be happy and think positive
not much. just music!! :D and i have to hang out with my friend so we can get OUR band page up! idk why we havent yet
bout to head out wit my denver heights people...drinkn n smokin at da club
You think the hillbilly police around here is going to do anything? You think they CAN do anything?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
making actual physical objects from digital content seems completely absurd
Anyone have a sprint phone? my buttons are going out!!!!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
teaser screenshot or feature description? ;)
Is cutout furniture from magazines equivalent to buying furniture? Cause I can fit more with just paper and tape...
I hope your wife posted that!
USA is lucky Spain's only scored 3 in this first half.
that's what my dad puts in my shakes with lots of blueberries
tell jenna I broke her bed
well damn, lol. I guess I still have a shot then. Lol.
Thanks for the tip. Max and I are on our way to the #scifest. Any recommendations?
oh yeah, can't wait to hear the new album tho!!
Rain.. Go screw yourself!
thanks for the download! I hope that you love the program! Please keep me posted on your progress and results!
Thanks for the Google+ invite So far I'm loving the interface, and I think circles are oddly addictive. Your thoughts?
i wanna go to madagascar to see if they actually have penguins there.
A big thank you.
Well..at least its a big crowd...for now
I think I clicked on spam. If I start tweeting spam someone tell me. I HATE stupid "lose 10 pounds" spam and stuff.
can i still enter the contest???
Might I have the spinach recipe from last night?
from now on, Shanes name is "Office Lackey" or "Shane" Hows that?
Oh look, it's Porters o'clock.
“: Finally know how a face like feels, the crowd was chanting my name...” Win the crowd & u will win your freedom!
I want more people to follow on Instagram! Tweet me your username?
In English with BORED!!!! :)
A lady on the news just made a 1984 reference. I'll have to say I'm impressed for once when it comes to people on the news.
That's a strong transmitter you go there. I almost peed in the rain.
(cont) Mamurai's (midget samurai's), segway cage fighting, sushi people (people who smell like raw fish) (cont)
Thanks so much for the RT's! :)
awwh! thnx u sweetcheeks! .....ur wicked precious! & btw i love ur twitter u always make me laugh at loud! ;D
Forecast for Sunday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 60. Light...
what are looking at skinny? You fat piece of shit..the plays on stage bitch
Miss last night's performance? You still have one more chance! "Before This Was Texas, an in-progress showing" is tonight at 7pm!
im going out of state :)
Happy Mothers Day!!
we #love #bread! and you should too!
A stripper texted me asking me what I'm grinding this summer.... It's so easy.
the constantinople hero :') fatma's grandpa. Don't u remember your book haha
#HoodAwardCategories "Not Snitchen Award of the Year"
Bitchass teachers give me D's for no reason.
Tonights the night! at Vision Nightclub. Dont miss out!
but guess what
I was ten when I met Adam West. The line was short. He signed my Batman comic. Batman fighting Human Flea. I felt strangely guilty about it.
I'm obsessed with this show. I love it so far :)
RT Now playing: David Shapiro's The Years from You to Me, performed by the Crossing Choir & released on
Im leaving early monday morning. Its gonna be my first time going there.
is there some exciting news to share regarding your fiance?!
Miami sounds like a great get-a-way
In the #studio today, yesterday, and the day before... tomorrow, and Friday! #whataweek :-D
Yes, we should! What do you have in mind?
please notice me!!! please 16
I guess I should get my ass up now huh
Good luck to all running the Gorge Waterfalls 50K tomorrow!
And then some. RT : Wish you the best, You made this community believe.
"The future belongs to those who identify a posibility before it become obvious."
yeaa when I went to dinner because we had to get all our food to go
will cognotes be online?
Have been looking for a place to vaca, any suggestions?
someone should start designing bathing suits for boobified women
Hyanna, you don't know how long we've been waiting to hear that. Just let those emotions out! Love from us to you.
Wagering with on how long before #Timbers fans have a full scale melt-down.
Dear Black Churches, I believe GOD loves ALL people. Leaders must serve ALL people. You don't go to heaven just because your a heterosexual
What did we do before there was such a thing as a Criminal Minds marathon?
2:46 left in game and then we are off to Syracuse!
sadly no...we lost in the semifinals :( We did win our kickball game 9-2 though and clinched the #1 seed!
Round 2 in Windsor tonight at the coach
FYI: My firm client seeks to hire a real estate lit attny w/community assoc & condo practice experience, 2-5 yrs
MSG welcomes new head Coach Tartamella & for the #MaggieDixonClassic on 12/9
Specificity has a well-known liberal bias?
oh jesus.
haha have fun with ! Hey mad props.
haha! why thank you! :)
Getting used to finding my news on internet my Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper unable to deliver the goods
The Grind + The Hussle
so tired :p
Fun night!
Couldn't disagree more RT : The OKC Thunder blue-out is AWESOME. No doubt.
I is a happy sponge.
Heaven or hell: let's rock.
hopeful that we can get a shout-out for PHAME's big tour culminating showcase tonight, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
So much work to do ughh
Any #librarian friends ever work non-traditional jobs and eventually got back in to traditional libraries? I want to talk to you!
Thanks Jen!
so many things happen a day in the school!
Going to play tennis in a half hour... time to see all the skills that time has undone over the past 3 years! Woohoooo!.
One of the few things that makes the movie Rio tolerable is It's been on a loop at our house & is known as the Angry Birds movie!
I have a feeling our mothers would get along very well.
Just took part in the 48 hour film here in Houston. I'm working on several writing projects and getting ready to teach another class.
This classroom smells like hot arm pits -__-
it will be great to see you guys again!!!!!!
RT Lord, let this church last 3 hours or less..... Communion Sunday and Palm Sunday could mean all day worship.
we'd love to! We need more people to know about is in your country. Help us spread the word :)
Just heard someone refer to nerds as Nerf herders. Pretty funny.
I have been blessed with the most incredible summer job opportunity anyone could possibly ask for. I am so in awe of God's timing.
I looovvee that feeling!
Behind th clouds... the sun is shi hi nin... there's a big blue sky waitin right behind th clouds!
dunno if you heard but we're gettin a stadium!
LionsDenver...... what do you think for a group name? Let me know.
can a brother get some dark roast??
If you could live forever, would you and why?
#FF Show some love for this new Web Series that I wrote and directed, it starts AUG 1ST! UNLEASHED
isn't that Wacko, TX? RT : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago. We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
What the fuck is up with all these dickwads outside on their bicycles, blaring their damn music.
I can't wait to meet you tomorrow at Santa Monica. I'm so excited.
what's a good pair of comfortable/stylish nude shoes to pair with my dresses?
RT : All we know is all we own. <=Very interesting thought to ponder. Or all we know is all we feel? IDK. But I like that tweet.
One similarity between Merle Haggard and me is that we both did time in San Quentin in the 1950s. Wait, I mean that we both have M names
Brunch today will be great! Don't miss it...starting at 11am
today I woke up wanting to be a real estate agent
Shout out to for keepin a sista from over sleeping work!
youu playing games...damn games.
Our account has been hacked! We have not sent ant messages in the past 2 days! Thx 4 letting us know we r looking into it now bugs!
- at one point today I got 10 follows at the same time and you are one of them. What prompted you to follow me? The others?
No, I borrowed from IMCPL. I think they had at least 1 copy.
Thanks for the love. Hope you enjoyed the episode!
I just couldn't wait any longer.
If your hair is combed right, and your pants are tight, it's gonna be alright.
CSEA and Nassau County agree to provide an incentive for employees to leave their jobs early.
It is great content. Loved diagrams. I'll be re-watching it a few times too.
It's teriyaki burger time...teriyaki burger time!
Thanks to all those who volunteered with us in 2010. We helped 8 families enjoy a new year in a new home!
My Shallow Heart's The Only Thing That's Beating...
let me do your Hair
No, its pretty bad. I hope the twitterverse doesn't say otherwise
Bent's is just a whole 'nother world
He shot himself in the chest? Can you SAY OWW?
keep loosing my phone randomly, wow
I think you may..teehee
Clippers on a 22-1 run, wow! Basketball is a game of runs!
this weekend sucked a bit but yeah - eugene
Goodnight bright eyed and bushy tailed @ 7:30
The warrior without a sword, Riding on a rainbow, Hears the limitless laughter of transcendent joy. The poisonous snake becomes amrita...
hurts as in dull pain, or sharp pain?
very interesting!! and yes, ties in nicely with Oyewumi's text
Looks like this Crash on EB I-84 @ 162nd is going to be in place for awhile- left two lanes still closed- traffic now backed up to I-205
Original #newton MessagePad & eMate arriving tomorrow. Serious work can finally begin.
Thanks. Always loved history but always snuck a "walkman" to school during March (in NC) to listen to games. Had to combine.
Kentucky next weekend, I'm so ready!!!
Glad to see Santorum end campaign. Gingrich could learn from his grace.
My roommate literally just woke me up to tell me that it's nice out. Why.
that's how I be feelin wat happened to a good convo???
Come On, You're a 13/14 Year Old Girl. In My Opinion, You Shouldn't Have 4000+ Friends On Fb. 90% Of Those People You Wouldn't Know Anyway.
Gosh man when did you get to 600K followers :O
Thanks so much for the RT! We have a large #Jayhawk following in Chicago - would love to help get some more here! Rock Chalk!
good intentions and roads to hell
Go out have fun, you've earned it ;)
what are you doin up so late!
. is off to another good start at the #SymetraTour event in Mexico today currently T-8.
Jesus! You knew what I meant!
YOUR FANS LOVE YOU KLE :D
you ain't do urs yet
I'm sexy I kno
#DylanHolland Because he's sexy
Wah? O.o
Hope everyone is having a good Thursday
o i dont got that on ps3 only xbox.... :\
Tx!!! RT : Inspiring! #mombizmondays RT : A2) I do my best work on the sofa....I made sure the livingrm was a space...
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX. Pls send resume to . . .
But then again, in libraries these days, we have to be flexible and give patrons more incentives to come into the building.
is in full party mode. Whether you are coming for #GirlTalk or just to have fun... This is the place to be!!!
is the best prospect the #NYR produced since Brian Leetch.
The Standard Charitable Foundation Grants $25,000 to Junior Achievement
I JUST SAW A MAN'S BARE ASS
safe flight!
bareback grammar!
And there's the second period... 20 more fucking minutes boys LET'S GO!!!
yes, especially considering they only equalised at the 91st minute as well!
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with actual Mexians.
So when she saw that the show was coming to Omaha, she wanted to see it again.
danke : ) you can see my medal tomorrow. First medal I ever won!
#Netsuite going up market with some major new customers #P&G, Pitney Bowes and Land o Lakes. Oakland A's Billy Beane on BOD (Go A's)
Somebody Come Get Faded With Cha Boy !
TY for standing up to the #WalMart bullies.
what does it look like? maybe you could put it in the microwave for a bit to kill anything that's on it.
You sweet, Ted. :-) As for video, Jordan, you'll have to imagine.
lol. I think Cameron plans to go 3D just to spite Ebert.
Have to wake up early tomorrow... At least should have fun.
Gotta feel like christmas in july right now?
whats good people love is love
"Went from kinda wet between the legs to bleeding heart." Yes, that is the effect I have on you when we pretend we're a Coltrane song.
someone called me turkey on the subway the other day.
Better you (Julianne) then he!
Great morning... Two More Days of school left...yes!!!!!!
I hate watching people pee in public, but its not so bad in restrooms.
Activist judges are any judges that rule against us, since we represent all of Wisconsin. Is that clear enough?
Hope all out there know Meyers was not the co. From Elgin that had #sausage recalled, was the "Other Guys".
gotcha! I understand man!
MOM says we are getting special treats from the when they go on their trip to #Vegas. OH BOY! We can hardly wait. Thank you
lol well then you're never going to be able to see this -> <U+E415><U+E056><U+E057>, sorry (x
awe you should love yourself for who you are..
I feel like I wear this short too often. But then again...I own give a fuhhhh!
awh , well yeah just let me know :)
True Story
congrats on graduating & welcome to the real world!
French fries and kentucky chicken :D
who the fuck puta a lock on the toilet seat?????????
should be an interesting practice today :]
On a St. Louis dump in Boyes had to take on four Blackhawks in order to control the puck and create a scoring chance
We're hosting an showcase so unofficial it's in ny. Also it isn't real. Very exclusive.
i think its a good move. He finally got jennings to buy in. Others will follow. Sanders and udoh will be alot better as well
Never said Metta deserves pass. Just dont like how word is used now.
careful. Someone dropped a tabasco bottle, fyi.
#SomeoneWhoCan cook amazing mouth- watering food that just makes you melt in your seat.
Many are expressing their disappointment with the #iPhone4S Could Apple be in trouble with this 1? Will they release the iPhone5 in a year?
I feel you (o_o)
I love your hair on your background :D
People are so stupid!
Got my ticket, be in the ATL next week!
Was great meeting you last night, and hearing you do your thing! Safe travels...
Way to go Felix from for great cust service! My food was 15 min late and he solved problem, and I get $10 gift certif to boot. A+
Hello from StreetFood Asia. Tai doesn't tweet but would like you to call him. 505-270-5668. Thanks!
Nashville, here we come!
Took time away from editing pages 141-300 of the galleys in order to start the short ribs in Bordeaux.
muahaha! Did you die or something?
Client lunch Pleasant surprise, and one of my new favorites! Great compliment to the beautiful Milwaukee sunshine.
JUST PICKED UP MY ALL TIME LOW TICKETS CNT WAIT FOR NEXT SATURDAY:D
Step Up 2.
Migraine...bummer :/
He didn't show up on their final roster of 19 undrafted players that I got earlier today
If anyone's interested,, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes & Noble from 3 pm on, or until security removes me.
I dip N and Out u know me lol. Never be too accessible The # didn't change tho
It is more expensive to replace than retain employees bit.ly/nIwp4j
YEAH SHES A LIL BITCH BUT I MAKE HER CRY EASY I JUST CHOOSENOT TO SOMETIMES BUT WHEN SHE MESS WIT MY TWIN ITS ON
Have fun!!!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
RT : RT : Digital Customer Experience Improvement Requires A Systematic Approach - report by Forrester:...
check playa grande inn. good people there
ill let u go & finish your movies I really enjoy tweeting :)
It makes me feel good about myself when people say that you and would look cute together.
people call it valentines day, i call it tuesday.
The President has to be a great communicator, and I've held that against Bush 43 during his tenure. [1 of 3]
its next Five Year Plan to focus on items that provide higher social returns for ordinary citizens rather than the uber-wealthy minority.
Thanks to for the shout out today
good party!
Hey girl. Imma text her right now! I hope I can really bad!
Are you going to do a Christmas Video for Youtube?
dude..that's awesome man...that's great to hear
#BenchMob, tonight's the night 2 shine
so many places sin could have taken us. Thank you Jesus for your mercy and the privilege and honor to praise you!!
JC, that looks good.
Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over! :)
Follow me plz!!!! Ur the best interviewer ever!!!!!
#Dirk #Nowitzki 24 points in 4th quarter...and still shooting... AMaZING
Happy Birthday :) your show is AWSOME !!!!
So glad I could help... break a leg! RT : I found a song I might sing for my audition!! Thanks to
Both offices are open today ready to help! Due to weather conditions we may be closing early today. Please call 817-870-4880, 214-953-2233
Shuttin DOWN this buffet wit
Chilling on a catamaran and enjoying some rum drinks! Time to play Duran Duran's "Rio" to make it even better!
Loving the Flow by Amazon app that recognizes the cover of books and lets you buy
Oh yeah. Guy near me wearing Abercrombie cologne at the concert... Thank you for 3 hours of torture/wanting to jump on you.
It is 5am, and raining too hard. Sorry, , I've gotta draw the line somewhere. Z!
who do u think gets him?
On a mission to find a bar/club with decent dance music that is not in southside Pittsburgh for tomorrow night. Ideas?
Dear brother, I hate you. You are a complete idiot and you smell. You aren't funny at all and you're really annoying. So, go die. bye.
So true..
Amen...I think?
duude i know. I feel like I could fall asleep standing. side note I'm trying to figure out a way to c ur face @ winnie roast. xo
Welcome back to the Hustle!
“: hahaha you baboso!!! I've killed over 5 lbs of tri tip today fatty!:)”. You Lucky S.O.B !
It's the pizza yeah ah. For you and MEEHEEHEEHEEEEEEE. *high pitched voice*
have you used other major mass email services? What are its strengths and weaknesses??
I actually enjoy singing in Disney movies <3 :)
wash my car windshield and I'll give you a quarter to use as my ball marker
lol did u say something to him bout not having one on?
and are excited to be giving a #socialmedia presentation
Talking about spiritual wellness not bad-doesn't always mean religion.
Extreme head ache.
Well, my teams are 0-2 in this year's men/women hoops championships
Brb, hittin every puddle with
u r so pretty
Why am I so nice
Old and young alike can do DH as we're learning from
Thanks Jeff! // RT Happy Birthday, Joe!
ghetto ass black girl at rallys. Almost asked if she wanted me to take her job for her.
#wov12 kara swisher says she is not inspirational, rather confrontational.
is outside 251 s. main st. LA CA 90012.. stop in while your artwalkin'
Brandon Jacobs now on twitter #WATCHOUT lol should very interesting
that Yards wasn't bad. I'm flying out tomorrow will be nowhere near through the case.
On my way to HotSpot Collective w/
boo! My client (at #CES) is b2b, but their products end up in consumer devices. Ah well :(
I'm a good boy ^_^
BITCH BETTER HAVE MA HONEY!
you know it! This coming weekend should be marvelous. :)
I really think Bazz wants to attend UK but his parents have a different agenda, which is sad.
see what happens when you share?
girl that was breonna playin wit the phne I thought u tried to call me damn kids
That's right. Let me know so I can leave your tix at will-call.
New York to Paris to Madrid to Sydney... I hope I can find my passport soon. I know its here somewhere.
I'm reading tweets with my 5 yr old daughter. she saw your picture and asked who the beautiful lady with the black hair was
Just talked to someone that had to replace the windshield on their new Camry. Special order please pay $1300. Repairing saves money.
Apparently im yours (: <111
IF you Love, Despise, or Don't really care about PONY PRODUCTIONS then repost or retweet our last comment!!!
thanks Matt! Pork belly is the best! Visit us again soon..
He has been for months. There are times he sounds like he's struggling just to make it to the end of Hour 3.
i suppose. dude you never told me how much vocalizeu is
Take yo ass to sleep ha :P
RT : Delighted for Torres. Taken loads of stick. Great for English football to have a team in the final.
Going tanning for the first time in weeks..
live free live free
Runners can store about 2,000 calories worth of glycogen in their bodies—enough to fuel about eighteen to twenty miles of running. Wow!
Seems like this gal has gone from jersey-chaser to headset-chaser.
thanks homie!! Glad you dig it. Hopefully I can get you featured on there one of these days ;)
I think that's a good way to go :)
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Saturday! Join us for lesson then the DANCE party - Tonight starting at 8pm-1am $5entry
Just cuz the weave can stay in 8-10 weeks, doesnt mean you should. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>
how much are the t-shirts?
gottchaaaa lol where are u from anyway ?
haah okay(; dont tell my secrets.. and I love your body(;
Article 1: Nobody's perfect. Article 2: Taylor Swift has an exeption on article 1.
releases a promo and expects me to wait 6 WHOLE DAYS! this is madness. nothin left to do except PRE-ORDER IT!!
i know i've left southern california when the whole town is gearing up for civil war ducks vs. beavers and not trojans vs. bruins.
$2 domestic pints, rails and shots of powers!! 9-close yummy in your tummy and its hump day what else do you really have to do??
Your "true" color is showing!!!!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>21
starting slowly...a beer at the hotel bar.
Quicksand by Everly #MyFavoriteSongsEver #Sorry to those who hear me sing it 100+ times a day =)
#TheMorningJones LOL, that show was like a family man! I miss hearing the callers
Can't wait for tomorrow night
lose my number
if you end up sending me a picture of your ass I won't be mad.
Ha. There's an age multiple you need to factor in. ;)
Did our Government really help ethnic cleansing in Libya? Where is the truth and who is the Great Harlot?
Reverse tea bag.
mac miller. he has the coolest voice ever. and i would like him so much more if all of his songs werent about smoking wed.
Who dost thou miss??
will do.
Definitely deserves a break, though he said he'll still be overseeing NBAC.
in DC to talk about high performance computing tomorrow at
thanks for all the RTs! Always glad to find another invention fan!
Hope all the mothers enjoy they day an all the moms for at least Tryna be a mother
because you won fight... you're justt so popular and respected now... LOL...no. just no.
I do but it's a haul from Vegas, gotta wait till June for Disney World!!! Can't wait.
Wish we could! We need to make it up your way.
Adventure 2day: Lost our car key in SLU. Took cab home w/ 4 spare key. Left & Can't find spare key.
Is anyone on this site anymore? O:
Further, I wouldn't want to GRANT a PhD in a foreign language/literature to someone whose grasp were not excellent.
o yes i can
Step Ahead encourages you to stop by and inspect our limousines. We are confident that your expectations will be exceeded.
Do educated people use phrases like "word packets"?
your first mistake!!
And the HOT & long workouts continue to keep up this look ;)
btw, have I mentioned before how much I like your profile pic? :)
i wanna go back to skool to see all my friends not really the llearning
which ones aren't good?
why would you recommend him. Ugh
I always wonder if I'm going to run into people from my past in airports. I always have my eye out for people I know.
someone stole your phone and typed this right? you have 10 minutes to say this is a joke...then i'm unfollowing.
tank tops in the winter make more sense than heels at
First period soccer <<
where is it at?
It's #FollowFriday! So follow me! I'll return the favor!! RT for a shoutout!!
If Crawford doesn't allow those two soft OT goals, this is a totally different series. Well, with Hossa it's a different series
On a Sat. night, I can't stop Googling photos of white painted floors. We did this to our stairs; it looks so cottage-y & cute. I want MORE!
you're in highschool but you're still petty as hell. I'm goin on a rampage in AE right now... lol
San Francisco, bro.
Last night's migraine is gone, so I'm great!!! How are you, dear girl? What's new??
Come check out the official website at aaronmilbourn.com
I never get bully..:DD
Well Twitter is quite spam-filled today. Third bad link I've gotten today.
If Court upholds SB 1070 it will encourage & legitimize other states' attempts to pass anti-immigrant bills. (We must unite and say NO!)
Not looking forward to full blown rush hour on my 40 mile trip. Always a treat.
lmaooo u crazy
I was ready to go.
You have a girlfriend, act like it
Call picking this year's /HACER scholarship winners. so many amazing Latino students!
#ListOfTurnOns YOUR FACE
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I can finally use -- Can't wait to try the conferencing feature later!
Dear John Kyl, you just lied on the senate floor. Planned Parenthood does so much more than abortions.
Urban. Hip. Alive. One Night Only.
The most effective way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Thanks for the connections this week!
Hanging out with the fellas having a good time.
Launching partnership with accounting firm for online entrepreneurial classes. Culmination of two yrs talks. Now, the real work.
Teacher: "Back in the days, we didn't have internet.” Me: "Well that's just too bad for you."
Let's go heat.
Dam..S/O to the party animals!!!
I love all of them. They're hard to choose.
at least you don't have to pick up my turds
And that Hacker article is one of the many reasons you should donate to We need magazines that publish articles like that
What's keeping you up at such bizarre hours?
My kid is on her first job interview.
VIVA ZAPATA! screens this Thursday as part of the Archive’s “¡Viva La Revolución!” series. Admission is FREE!
you should come to my house & have a bonfire! We have a bonfire pit and we live in the woods haha it's epic
I'll leverage the filing as opportunity to make sure there's an internal ticket of the same instead of just a general thought.
...I say I dressed presentable but subdued. The concert wasn't about me, but about the music. Who cares what I wear if the music is good?
:) RT : Come to hemmingways to celebrate 's birthday tonight!!!!! : ) <3
Got to hear,glados, sing live.
Romo for Luck? Na let's just sign Peyton Manning!
Looks like perfection :) Talk soon?
Armoires Hutches Store Online: 72 Inch Hutch - Bush Office ...
looks like were starting a Bluegrass Buzz! BBN doesn not know what is instore come May 27th!
Steele Magnolias. RE: Movies that always make me cry.
Yes, so sick of this dreary rain. The grass just keeps growing and there hasn't been a chance to mow it! Oh well... maybe nxt week
When your rooms all clean before you go to bed>>>
I really liked Colton's performance tonight.
My hair is going bye-bye next week. It's been a good run, don't you think?
The number one killer of a life is insecurity
If Tebow defeats Denver in the playoffs as a starting QB, does that mean more to him than a SuperBowl?
Hi please follow me!<3
Yup go hard or go home
I love heading to the cabin and catching up on DVR'd shows. Thank you for endless hours of entertainment!
glitter everywhere. sorry guys, my bad
Just talking to someone about and the amazing 05 Rose Bowl. One of the best college sports victories ever.
lmao but she can call somebody thirsty but she was being thirsty to tweet you and say that you was thirsty haha
Wow.....that's an impossible decision. Pray about it. Get a 2nd opinion. Such a huge decision, I have no idea what I'd do :(
alaska(: you??
Kevin Rogers quotes:... “Last year, I think it was the icing on the cake just to get to NTN. This year the expectations are higher.”
Best morning I've had in a while...
Hi MIchelle! Nice to see you on Twitter!
What da heck you thinkin? My pop aint cold no mo'. It was in a damn fire.
Stick a fork in me.
30 min lovely cross field from Jackson for Gleghorne who just fails to bring down.
Try: "Every day should be Mother's Day!"
a lot less purple for sure. :)
TEXAS in ONE week
JEALOUSY can turn a beautiful person UGLY in seconds! Be proud of who u are, grateful for what u have, privileged to do what u do! Love All
#TRUTH ...Following Jesus is not about doing its about being!
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I would like to know what his type of girl is?
I don't teach like dat I have a crew
On vacation in Port Aransas, TX I caught an Atlantic croaker, two ladyfish and one stingray. Floating the San Marcos River Saturday...
Everyone's family at Molina's! RT“: Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!”
Yes - that's what I've got down! See you then :)
how humans did you bring out?
Some people Live for #drama I #Live for the
Talked #offcameraflash with a person in the know. Nice.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 26
Anyone reading this is welcome to crash my blanket at tonight's concert at Will have some wine.
what kind of flash are you using for your garage shots?
new Sherlock Holmes won't be good. But it'll at least be fun?
What Eli did in the 4th quarter this whole yr & in the clutch in every single game makes him a HOF #instantly I feel!
it is cute!
yea what's 2 x 2?
Not Evan Kiddin Will U Go Out Wit Me
These girls man
e-mail me an address, sunshine.
who are you? And no.
I'm with you...I feel like most Pixies songs give that vibe. Feel the same way about "Hey". Get chills every time.
looking for stuff to do around boston? check for all the latest and greatest happenings!
yo that was dope thanks for coming out
RT : Consciousness sustains physical order or the lack of it. The choice is yours.
RT : RT : RT : Everything stays between me and you.
I think I'm a little intoxicated. Really, on a Tuesday? I know, I know, but as my good friend says,
I want , & lips tatted on my wrist this.summer.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN!
thank gawd we happen to bring the swagger to swag. I'll bring Sloane some during my office visit!
are you talking about who I think you are
my momma b on sum trash
Subscribed ~much success !
yep I would lol
Keeping quiet makes people worried and right now, I don't know what to do.
Art,music,especially photography, not supposed to be soft,pretty or lull you to sleep Should be poignant,pique imagination,garner attention
Show your hair some love!!!
What a great idea!
The next few days are going to suck. Not lookin forward to it
hmm... Well sorry that happened. No wonder you never responded to me before lol! It's ok though.
my boyfriend gives me butterflies everytime he looks at me <3
shhhhhh, I am trying to change the world over here
Emmys tonight. Yahoo! Should be a good one.
Our am keynote for #atsummit is Anita Hairston from Active Trans is the thread that moves us all.
Pray for our little Sister Mrs Beasley. Mom & Dad had to take her back to the vet because she got sicker :-( Please get well soon Baby Sis!!
Sorry about your Bruins buddy! Hope the Patriots can cheer ya up w/ their draft picks today : )
I hate mornings
out of the 10 months we've been together, this afternoon was definitely the most interesting!!! (:
Yes I did! I just got the offer today! It is here in town and I am so excited! How is the San Diego life?
#retweet if your twitter name has #swag (soulja boys voice)
we buy as cheap as possible..but its an awesome way of seeing america and hangin w/locals... we made sweat shirts w/patches
If youve got 1 smile, give it to the people you love. Don't be surly at home, then go n start grinning 'Good morning' at total strangers.
Appreciate comments. I liked songo'o's energy in 1st half, but he faded. Kalif tried to alter match, so gave him an upgrade.
Joey Joey Joey.... Damn I love that dog.
Woke up. Grah.
Gasol just got a double double on that one play
NYC holding on....avoid the embarrassment of a shut out...prolonging the inevitable.
enjoying this quick rain..cools the earth!
yes when I get back to Nick & Ambers!
It turns out is a jerk.
area rugs animal skin
Worst song ever. RT : i thought about tweeting the lyrics to "it's christmas eve in washington," but lost interest.
Not sure how rare, but definitely rare than it should be. Objects speak history.
My apartment doesn't have a water view, but I do get endless entertainment from watching folks succeed/fail at difficult parallel parking
Just met cody!
If he texts you 1st, he's thinking about you.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't have a life
Had another stupid conversation with a Jack Ball,.
Disappointed in the Colts administration. Peyton made the Colts.
I'm still getting 401-undefined error when trying to post to Friendfeed
Meet a Canadian and my first impulse? Talk about Celine Dion.
The Bengals have wasted both their challenges on plays that don't matter. Could be another year we see them kicked out in the first round
Ya alright Paige.
humor video
When are they going to have Steve Carell back on The Office, as suprise guest?
Failing is not the problem. Not getting back up is...
Oh, I'm gonna definitely let field this one then.
I was up at Kohler last weekend. Played Blackwolf and stayed at the American Club. #Expensive but
Tonight's #AnchorAudition features a guy who says "standby" a lot. Watch for him at 10 on News!
Of the 2.3 million inmates in custody, 2.1 million were men and 208,300 were women
shut up
Depends on context. For research/instruction/reference I use patron, but for online/tech/usability stuff I say user.
RT : "Shoot for the moon. If you miss, you'll float through the cold vast deepness of space for millennia." --Myerman
Juss because I like sweatpants and basketball shorts doesn't make me a dike, a bitch can't be comfortable<U+E336>
good for you!
This long sleeve is not long enough....
great ! And yeah it was very fun but my feet hurt from my heels! );
Why am i watching golf? O.o
This Is What I'm Listening To At This Exact Moment..
Tim Burton movies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Hi I want to verify one of your tweets. Can you give me a way to reach you.I emailed you.
My dad (lives in LA): "Most people I talk to around here have written the Lakers off." Go Lakers fans!!!
very nice how much?
New ACID HOUSE KINGS 'music Sounds Better With You' in hand cart. Check. CD not vinyl. Allergies.
At this point, if Tom Barrett were a murder suspect, you'd have to hear about from the people at
best to connect first to set something up.
Shopping for the photo shoot... Always fun!!!
I thew away almost al my clothes. My mother has no choice but to buy my new ones >;D
That Bird shitting on me sure was Good Luck! Sold 2 pink elly shirts today! #GodIsGoodAllTheTime!
Thank you for alerting us. We've already sent it off to our data team to investigate.
I made a lot of memoirs here in Vegas..
i regret a lot of things up to this day
Why thank you Miss Marcy!
What's your address, G? Gonna send out a couple of advance copies to friends today of the new rekkid.
Doing soccer chants for our tennis teams in the Big East finals? Don't mind if we do!
It was great seeing you all at Yappy Hour! Sinatra looks awesome in the Camo!
What a morning...Cal Ripken Jr.'s in-studio!!!
ryan hollins is awful
NO I told you only once & am I?
Welcome, RT : By the way, FSU's website now refers to the school as THE Florida State University
i normally use prezi, yesterday was my first powerpoint in about 4 years. much prefer prezi.
Just found out that produced Rob Base & Dj E-Z Rock "It takes Two"
Finally got my own camera, cant wait to try it out!
you all are so good to the fans <3 love you
Come down next Fall! Research and beers!
that looks amazing!! I picked a bad day to be sick :( ^ag
Congrats to our #eChalkTCEA Prize Pack winners, and Kristy K! Thanks for participating!
did we mention we're building a book arts/letterpress studio also? (our visionary Lyn went to art school back in the day)
I miss you, too!!! We need to talk soon.
Mary Jane ILY Mary Jane LBS
only I ain't painting a house..pottery :)
beginning the exciting pursuit of summer internships!! Drop me a line if you know of something fabulous!
definitely u 2... My bad....I'll stand I'm the corner for 15 minutes! !!!
Request our new single 'Messenger' on your favorite radio station. If they don't have it by now, they should right? :-p
Happy Doctor Day!!
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event tomorrow - Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
The adrenaline rush and little panic attack you have when you think you left your wallet or phone somewhere.
Do you know why I hate Stephen King? Because I don't accept 'Just because.' 'Just because' fucking pisses me off. Why is that shit hainted?!
uhm - yay ferru but oh dear delpo. :( don't like when favs play each other... Can't we all just go out beers? Yes - am BAD competitor.
$545/day! Let me know if you have any other questions!
I'd say a strong call-to-action is the best way. Most QR codes get ignored, but if your CTA is strong, it can peak interest.
thanks Erin! Party hard!
Band meeting tonight!!!!
Looking for a quiet place to lift? Look no further than ! We are located right inside
How many MORE ways will Taco Bell reinvent the taco?
This is really sad. I think I'll go home and watch "Lucas" tonight.
I'm not violent, but when a Dairy Queen cashier hands me my food without a "Thank you," I innately stab her in the eye w/ an ice cream cone.
lmao!!yea just think, Ray and I were already waiting for like a good year before that.
#RulesInARelationship U cant do what they cant do
Have a great Monday everyone!
Hello,
i love that song and her
Yes, that was my first thought also. Ha! Have a great weekend, this weather is schweet!
Cute is partial, but truth is forever
Every time I look the Padres are committing errors & its Venable & Bartlett over and over. 5 Errors in 12 starts for Venable! Sad.
Man I'm still up..wit no intentions on goin to sleep.
RT : The longer you wait to begin living, the less living you have to live. Bille Baty.
It's lookin like a crazy busy Saturday... Get your reservation in now !!
New crush...John Luke Robertson
his purple badness always on point
Maestro rec. great props from a client who needed interactive elearning KIOSKS for surgeons, Sony touch screen technology. building 3 more!
Tacoo bell yum :)
Finally home I been gone all day so tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Drive and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo both should have gotten Musical Score nominations.
Where else would God's Love Be than right here, now? -Michael Jeffreys
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
I will take today to fill my head with new ideas.
Where is my sombrero?!?!?
The Xmas tree was 8 ft when the tree guy put it in the car.When I got it home, it became 14 feet tall & 200 pounds. My back still hurts.
Thank you to the families from Littleton Academy, Cherry Creek Academy, High Point, & Littleton Prep. It's not too early for fall shopping
Portfolio review with Holly Ferris at #jday2012 was a tremendous help.
Wish I could do it all over..
trying to fax shit is a horrible pain in the ass. so irritated
You played well brother! Keep your head up, you'll be fine! harsher action for hecklers!
Baby arrived 12/09 still on maternity leave. Anticipating full recovery to get back on the scene.
you're no fun.
Well, we're serving them everyday, so we'll have one waiting and ready for you.
#spelling police
Yeah im going to be late to work and its raining....
I just watched A Walk to Remember for the first time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
RT : "Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward." -Vernon Law
what the hell. Now I know who he was talkin about. So u in NY. U should've hit me up. I would've stopped by.
I'm dis-abled now. Cant go to school. Cant go really anywhere. Pain everywhere. Just. Watch. For. Ticks. Protect yourself
Stressin'. Mostly over things that will all work out just fine.
Anyone think that Diana Ross is wearing Krusty the Clown's hair? Lifetime Achievement award overshadowed by crap hair & wardrobe.
“: Overheard today at #astd2012 : "The higher the presenter's degree, the worse PowerPoint is." (I noticed that too.)” ha ha
Had to wrap Bella's boo boo and now she's scared to move lol
So psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
cause I'm BAD.
I'm getting hit on by a boy that's younger than my sister...who isn't even 16 yet...somebody get this child!
RT : Q6: By doing exactly what we are doing now. Esply great to include and hear from those who live w/ a
Well well well good morning twits, hope everyone has a great day. I'm hoppin in the shower. Starting my day.
Gym today with murph..session after holla
its a new day time to get to work
Thanks for sharing with us at YPO. Hope you enjoyed being back in the south.
BRIEFLY: April 21
I rather die young then live my life without
We're streaming live. #digidoy DMIS
try to play through it. Still fighting mine after three weeks. Let us know how you conquer yours.
hi doll hope you got my message today...wish I was feeling ok to go shopping:)
SO much going on...
yea u go ahead n try LOL NF STAND 4 NOW FOLLOWING YO BIG HEAD ASS LMAO
What?! Go!! Austin will be there!..oh wait..Are you gonna go to support?!;)
4 more days till mini vacation!! WHAT NOW?!? hhahaha
Best "social" customer experience was when was absent to help. Now I fly Alaska Air! They get it.
4949 N Ranch Dr and 95! At Santa Fe station!
Might as well have just fucking stayed home.
for sure
and by that you mean breakfast tortas!
that's exactly right im jealous. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY BOYFRIEND <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> May 11th <U+2764>
What about the end of world? :D
All the best filming Banshee in Charlotte... much success to the production!
So, riddle me this: Is my ongoing aversion to Chevy Chase on this show going to keep me from loving it? Seen up through s2e2
Right now, I'm somewhere I don't wanna be. But I can guarantee, I will NEVER be here again. No matter what!
cries myungsoo smiling looks like it hurts his face so much omg ;\.
<= has talent, great voice, &no im not a groupie. Just a lover of music. *waving* nite
well if you want delegitimize them then go ahead and black bloc their events...
dale social media guy. Nice pic!
If you want to get stronger without getting bigger, then you should lift heavy weights with low repetitions. All while eating a decent diet.
RT : Congratulations to the late Manning Marable for winning the Pulitzer Prize for non-fiction!
Call us soon for a MOVE-IN or MOVE-OUT clean!!! People are already scheduling for August! 412-475-8193 www.pghgreenclean.com
I'm scared for the both of us. Im terrified of what lies ahead. I used to be so secure. Now I'm not sure.
Spent the day in Chinatown and little Italy today with
Just walked by the hotel where Sid Vicious stabbed Nancy.
let's plan a catch up!
I am SO glad to be back online w/ my laptop!
Rochester office is ready too! RT So, who is ready for Spring weather again?
The gm.coming out to see Kane vs. Big Show
Can't count on anything in life...that's the beauty of it!
Thanks for following and
#survivor finale. Lets go Sabrina or Chelsea!
Internet Dating Katt Williams
As soon as I get done with homework, I'll enjoy The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky.
Aw...thanks! Not as cute at the kiddos on your blog though! :)
morning folks
sounds like being back on the day job grind is delightful? :)
that's hilarious!
Happy pi day! In honor of everyone's favorite circular food, buy a lg pie today you'll get a 2nd lg 2-topping for $3.14! coupon code 3.14
One final down, a paper and 1 final to go..
I am checking in to the issue now. Thanks.
Well, she isn't camera shy. And neither are her breasts.
Here we go again. :l
Just got my DIsh network cable box and satellite, and I must say their remote and system interface suck!
Besides me..... #Who UP
Not having sent your mom dukes a mothers day card knowing she aint gon get it by sunday
5 minutes into Colombiana and I can already tell I'm gonna like this movie.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 28
Yeah, I think you're right...
everyone go and follow right now!! lol jk but seriously follow her!! :)
Are you ready for Of Dolls & Murder, Chicago? Because we are ready for you.
Wow!!! I was offered a distribution deal by a major today but they must've thought they was talkin to a rookie lol. Nope not enough $$$$$!!!
Oh yeah the dollar spot at Target! Haha
thanks for the #FF! :)
get boned broseph. hate that :[
If you sneak out meow, nobody will notice. Don't forget the sunscreen
consider yourself followed! =)
"...people with migraines tend to have higher suicide rates..." And here I've just been worrying about having a higher chance of stroke.
Speaker Fabiola started GFront, a girls empowerment association that trains in computers and civic engagement in Cameroon
lololol I'm so dumb! Didn't even think of that!
yes please, how about 140NYC next month?
Does anybody remember me?
God bless all of you. God is amazing!
COCKY BOIIIII I MISS U BROTHER
Does anyone happen to have photos from the 2008 coworking meetup at the Hotel San Jose? (cc )
So what interesting and inexpensive things can my kids and I get into during the day? You know I'm home schooling.
Thank you for following!
Wayne old music is way better than his new music
Greetings, new followers. I've noticed a bunch of new folks popping up this morning. Where did you hear about the site?
Ah crap. We didn't make the window. Both directions of I-90 will close at 8:30 pm for avalanche control work via
There's a guy at the bodega near my house who always makes the worst sandwiches. Apparently BLT = bacon, cheese, and mayo.
Yeahh, with me
Baltasar Gracian~ Even knowledge has to be in the fashion and where it is not it is wise to affect ignorance.
Did you know the first automatic lawn sprinkler was created in 1897?
Bye Bye American Pie….
GM Tweet-pops! Thumpin Thursday on board. Thump your way to success. Happiness is right around the corner. Be great ~ share love.
Stoked to finally play with our boys in Visions again this weekend!
Left us too soon, steve jobs..without you this kind of creative control would still only be imagined
Be sure to add, co host of Stand Up and Laugh, Jay Cuellar and check out some hilarious clips and pics
Love! RT : Thanks to EVERYONE that took time to come out tonight to ! We all brought in over $800 for
I think I'm going to sleep now......... I was just talking to my friend on the phone, so yeah.
Madison residents heading to the Capitol to clean bathrooms and stairs, including dust collected in cracks!
There is an #asistradition event on Facebook, crazy.
The unbridgeable gulf between "puppyface" and "dogface" as epithets for loved ones
#NSMN give thanks to all of our #sportsbiz #donors who help us in the fight against #cancer!
Zach and I are going to go to bdubs for the next big fight. Whoever else is down to go around that time is welcome!
today we are finalizing some fantastic OFFICE availability template features/options.
Hazelnut coffee time-have a blessed day!
Tango Your Taxes Off was great thanks to Mercurio, , Hill Arts Workshop. More low priced & free events to come.
Hard to say...but the Niners QB can throw. Just sayin'.
PMD: No big surprise - resin guru Len Czuba says implantable devices, micro/miniatures & home healthcare R drivers in medical materials.
Hashtags can be dangerous. #lockedupabroad could actually be referencing a woman someone locked up, instead of the Nat Geo show.
I can't stand sorority girls.
sorry, didn't realize you were the stinky bus man.
thanks for the follow
Anything goes on twitter!!
? That's horrible
RT : Just read a funny: "PILOTS: Looking down on people since 1903." HAHAHAH!! (Did I mention I'm divorcing a pilot?) [*chuckle*]
So pumped
sounds like a good plan! happy holidays :)
very cool!
You know what would be awesome? If Subway delivered. I'm just saying.
RT I spent 1 hour doing exercise bike . 247 calories burned.
are you guys releasing any other songs before the new cd in July? :)
yay!! “: Official Disney passholder :) it's been like 12 years since I was able to say that..weird”
RT : Why give second chances when others are waiting on their first.
My friend is on fire lately. That is all.
Yes But Now You Dont..:3
happy birfday loser
It's too hot to function today.
saw a child holding a sign saying GOD hates dead soldiers, well we hate your ignorant parents that need to go play in traffic
She's beautiful!!
Trivia set for everyday of the week
I'm off to play volleyball..I love it!
I'm watching to see if the guy I want gets picked! Otherwise I havent paid attention since day 1.
Participant at conference: Nancy Roberts, a professor from University of
break a leg! Sorry I can't be there :( I know you will be wonderful!
Going to see The Vow tonight!!! YAY!
Glad to see you're a Canon photographer!
Is it just me or doesn't remind you of the old deacon at your church?<---DEACON CAIN HAHAHAHAHAHHA
Hope your cat enjoys & appreciates the effort.
Me too, sorry!
or whether or not they can get hired at Cinnabon.
They need to hurry n open I'm hungry!!!!
great article
watched that this morning, so good.
Opinions are like Airports, there's a ton of FLYING ASSHOLES...
keep talkin like that and youll get dropped in tha streets.
Ok if you think so
delish! RT : thxgvng croissant: stuffing-flavored croissant dough with dark turk meat, gravy and cran sauce baked.
Wow Denver...Yall really came to play tonight.I guess there is always next year...
They were itty bitty flakes though... Man... I WANT REAL SNOW.
lol I wish my insurance would cover random acts of Chuck.
Wow. Randy. No. No no no.
Great show scheduled tonight Talent from NY hosting! Showtime 10pm, get there early! lol
Mandy Noelle Isordia The album is going well darling thanks for asking be done soon enough
no more field hockey, sleepovers every weekend during the season, mcdonalds OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING
You're welcome
You always got me guuuuuuurl.
No problem! I'll throw some extra cheers the #cheerpuck way!
I don't want EXAM
waiting for my plane to CHI now. Enjoy and good to see you!
Check out TV One's "Unsung" 2nite at 10 P ET - my dear friends Full Force" R featured. I assure you, they're entertaining - specially Lou!
hahaha i know right!!! what happened???
love my sis!!!
High Trophic Level Fish Detected in Aquaculture Feed
Come on. Don't be like that. Maybe next week I'll come in and be friends before I go to the Nats/Pirates game to see
good morning!
Hey do me a quick favor and like my band crushing juliet page www.facebook.com/crushingjuliet
HATE me. LEAVE me. BREAK me. DO any thing but please DON'T... FORGET ME !!
After all of that cooking and family over the weekend, betcha you could use a massage this week huh? :)
Selling premium beer for $2 in order to get people into your bar is not a good decision.Do the math.You need 2 sell 2x as much to break even
Awesome partners in crime
Belated Christmas presents today. Score!
GOD is good!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!
i haven't been on here for a while.
Np dope boys
I hate happy people. Fuck happy people.
We ASSUME the POSITION of that which is spoken OVER us. The POWER of Words.
When all the trees are gone, animals hunted, waters polluted, and air unsafe, only then will you see money can't be eaten. ~Cree
awesome! Thanks for reaching out! We'll get in touch with our team that was at TM this past weekend and pass the info along.
That is a LOT of people... I follow something like 1700 and I know I don't see even half of what gets put up by everyone.
For Easter: Tiger shoots 12 under to tie for lead then on the 18th green the guy from Happy Gilmore hits him in his 68 VW Bug
the first part was about my grandpop...he died...the second part was about a friend who got into a wreck and lived
Cause it's weird. Stop.
idk lets go chill at giant eagle in north hills or at a park
fixing to watch the one thing music video again
#HOWIMGRAND I keep my head up during my darkest days because I know it gets better.
The Marlins offered Jose Reyes 6 year $90 million contract
Packers get their Super Bowl rings today!!! Outstanding!!!!!
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history --- with the possible exceptions of tequila.
Finished exercising at the gym in Sacramento. Light rain outside.
Stave completes the pass to Duckworth, 1st and Goal for the Cardinal.
working dogs can save lives and yet they need a 12step program to stop eating bird poop i dont know why they do that so gross
I kicked my garbage can at my tv when the #flyers scored to make it 7-5...
well I am sure I didn't make myself clear I am watching Ky and Kansas in the garden back in Dec!
MONDAY MONDAY Casting away. happy Monday everyone and break a leg!!!
Cold outside again!
I heart you
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
I Cann't Believe It, #BTWBall In Indonesia Was Canceled. I Don't Understand Why They Call To Gaga "Destructive Of Faith"!
ill be back like retro jays i'm gone
Plays in all situations. O game improving. D game stellar. PK best in league. PP improving too. Saves more goals/yr than scores.
was walking to a meeting in beverly hills, & 4 diff cars honked at each other for separate reasons. in less than 2 min. really necessary??
#WWE #RockConcert #Boots2Asses #TeamBringIt we smell what TheRock is cooking and it smells like it might be Cena's balls
FAN GIRLING SO MUCH RIGHT NOW. 8FLAVAHZcrew RTED ME.
God bless you
OH: It's not that I don't have friends, It's just that they all have ADHD so you never see us hanging out.
I received this txt from our 9yo tonight, "Jane called me a pachina (female anatomy). Can you get her in big trouble?".
Today is Earth Day; let's all maintain awareness that it's all about symbiotic interdependence. We're here 'together'.
can you just come cuddle with me?
Why are the celtics not blowing out the 76ers? Smh...
i feel like people have been forming against me for years. the more i build, the more people tell me what i can't build
listening to your interview right now!!
Love March. Spring training? Check. NCAA tourney? Double check. Girl Scout Cookies delivered? Hells yeah.
Some of my favorite quotes from comments upcoming. And by "favorite" i mean can we revoke commenting privileges please?
TV show was awesome but it is time to move on! More movies and/or standup! Heck fitness book/show 4 us plussize girls
no, sounds like all YOUR problems start with men. Don't blame the men YOU chose to share your life for your crap
Yes, everything's okay. Terrible fire in Reno yesterday (Caughlin Ranch) but it snowed last night. Fire is out. 21 homes damaged.
I'm at Wheaton for the day researching. What else should I do? What were your old haunts?
Yep “: Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.”
Slept about 4 hours last night..going to be a lonnggg day.
Hope yall coming back soon my thursday are so boring now.
you're the man figs. congrats
I don't have your number cause I got a new phone!
I lost track of twitter.
Tell the truth: If your sig other left their email signed in on the computer you were using, would you snoop on their emails??
#News Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin is engaged to longtime friend William “Willie’’ Wilkerson
: Not quite! Epub and mobi, yes, but the iBookstore uses epub rather than its own format. Nearly all use epub, except Amazon.
its tremendous energies at whoever stands in the way of his/her desires. Someone can be incredibly possessive and dominating around you
Happy Veteran's Day everyone! We'd like to thank all of our active military and veterans for serving our country and keeping us safe.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and all of , but i have a better change with charlie(;
I just heard ur song 'End of Forever' nice track. Do u have anything more recent? I'm looking for a male singer to collab with.
My life in a nutshell: Having a one-nite stand with a dood 2 wks ago. Him taking my number. Me getting a text from him today... A MASS TEXT.
Certainly, they need to get younger. And going to lose Briggs as well. But -good- enough to win, but offense was INEPT!
Auto correct just suggested "Happy Thang diving". Maybe our hosts have something unusual planned?
sendme some beats
I'm pretty tired of people generalizing the opposite sex because they met a couple cunts in their life. Not EVERYONE is an asshole.
Life has to much drama!
I'm cooler than a polar bears toenails
absolute nightmare with the bath mat!
I think you are the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on.
Learning the proper use of advertising in Twitter will help you get incredible results
wow! That is really awesome, Lou! Do you know if they might post it online?
coming home after a long day and just falling onto your bed
Appreciate that, Shawn. You set the bar, though, encouraging us to think and lead differently. Thank you.
Thank you josh smith
The fact that I can now text one direction song lyrics and she can text me the next part back makes me a happy person :')
thanks... has to be said.
Hi April,I just saw your latest video. All I want is a Divas match that is longer then the intros. Melina and Lexxus killed it!
OH. Hahah isn't it lovely??(;
thanks for the Rt!
Work has picked up quite a bit in feb! how is everyone else doing?
It felt so good n emotional to speak to my son thank u lord for continually looking after him father gide him tru this path n rebuke allevil
Today's #outdoor #activites...the park and a game of chase in the backyard
One word Joshua....WOW
thanks! 2 lights...open octa and soft fill. It's all about the ratios!
Kellin Quinn is going to end up doing something when his daughter is born.
"The greatest of these is love" despite being on his tombstone is not my grandpa. "There's no meat in hell." That's my grandpa.
I mean, if it was someone your age, that would be like, "Oh, dude, whassup." but a ten year old? Back away slowly... o.o
Congrats! I'm not surprised about all the buzz you guys have received at Sundance- buzz well earned. Way to go!
I accidentally took off with your juicer! Need to get it to you! How? Leave with ? Nathan?
two thumbs up to this update
Counting the days til the amazing people of Wisconsin beam Scotty O-U-T !!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
SAYIN HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY RIGHT HAND\SISTER LOVE YOU GIRL(WE BEEN DOING THIS THING FOR 10YR)
the dryer door opened while my clothes were drying. it turned off but kept counting down time. now i'll be wearing wet clothes to work
Thank you for the #FF :)
And now the octopus... Solo
Detroit might give you street cred, but it won't pay your bills. Lesson learned from BG, haha.
So i'm cleaning up the list of who I follow. Tired of fighting with tcot extremists. also addin some new tweeps2my favs, should u b there?
it is my mission to be 's fotm at least once in my life.
tomorrow is another day at #SXSW & another set of parties, sessions, & random invites 2 eat BBQ so your introverted side will lose
Thanks for the RT. Good weekend?
That's right, RICKshaw!
I hope so too, I saw the black shadow in ep 3 and it is the goblin, I think the goblin has something to so with the books.
Nice gig Michael! Kyt :j
my office hours are 7-7:10 p.m. Appointment only. You get extra credit if you clean my room and give Millie a bath <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
at least she has good taste ha
She had a great birthday!(:
Still a little sad that the movie "Space Jam" isn't about deadly extraterrestrial jam.
Holy haleakala that's a lot of equipment!
If at first you dont succeed, Blame somebody else and try a new strategy.
Need 2 give a shout out 2 my other boy on the drums - Your brush work the other day was ridiculous!! Ed Thigpen would be proud!
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
: thanks n bless you sir
Downey to Seal Beach and back in 1:08.49 ;)P
Tweet tweet blowin up a hoes phone
Not from a purely ethnocentric viewpoint, which is how you are viewing it.
HEY TIKI BARBER WHAT'S THAT U SAID???ELI WON'T EVER WIN A SUPER BOWL HUH??
LOL....I hope it wasn't my husband who installed it! So, you're a senior pastor?
quoting imprinted snuggies.
I'm one final paper and two short case studies away from the end of the semester. Can't. Wait.
omg life is hard for a teen 0.o
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be
PLEASE MICHELE FOLLOW ME :D
WTF. my mom is having sex. I'm about to fuckin go off. This is sick as fuck I can't be apart of this!!!!
Capello's resignation is death for #spurs. Good luck holding the CL place now.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
Its sad that no body has job security anymore, here today gone tomorrow
People nowadays: 1. You Get Robbed... 2. Update Facebook Status... 3. Tweet About It... 4. Call 911
SocSec cash flows look like Ponzi but a)participation is mandatory, b)it is completely transparent. Ponzi without the fun!
Understandable, but I have a psych class at 8:55! :P
ha ha! Sorry for the confusion... =)
Never would have thought it! You might be surprised to learn that some ants can live more than 15 years.
PARTY ALERT: and the present. UTSA #Homecomingjumpoff sept. 22nd at #SAGA!!
What Nick?
My office is seriously so damn loud my customers must wonder where the hell i am every day...
#IDontGet why we ask questions even though we already know the answer
Agreed! So good - go #teamblake! whew!! RT : Phew. Tears. Get it!
everyone know you're really trying to get butt raped.
ALL BLACK ERRTHING!
Rite!!! oh how I miss the days of ol when we would Terry at Galutchi hall right b4 we got on the metro to go to ACOG
looking forward to hearing speak about #lgbt youth tonight at 's 'Bridge to Brick City' Newark event!
I want so see Scream 4!
sounds like a great job.
that was the pussiest shit ever.
Waiting on healy
Amazing weather, awesome friends, loads of fun....how can we make this weekend last forever?
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-8
lol too funny
good morning beautiful world.
REMINDER*** Hester Hanekamp*** you were chosen as FRIDAY's winner so please contact us so we can send your prize
Question: how do you retrieve your food content? For example, do you buy cookbooks, magazines, e-cookbooks, apps, Internet search, etc.
Robin Roberts just arrived at the White House for Obama's gay marriage interview...
Check out the VDOE site if you want ideas on integrating technology.
...and this is where I exit the conversation.
Le Duc de Levis~ It is easier to judge a persons mental capacity by his questions than by his answers.
what's everyone got going on today?
Maybe this will work:"Lose weight now, Ask me how" ( allows spam but not political speech)
um...gainful employment?
If you're interested in having a press pass, just shoot us a DM and we'll set you up! :)
i can DM you a pick (:
And I am bored af -_-
TRAFFIC sucks! Seriously moved 2 miles over the last 45 minutes
Big shout out to my homie Orlando from The Green Mile co.
97 % of people get scared when they receive a text saying 'can I ask you something' ;c
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. - Dale Carnegie
RT : 500 Scott Brown signs in Littleton, this AM. All gone by lunch.
the newer versions are actually pretty solid, but iOS is definitely the most functional.
Lol “ This nigga told me to have his baby HELL NAWWWWW I'LL PASS ON THAT BILL”
In NYC to discuss how to use tech to improve service delivery. Great need to develop tech that disrupts current systems
“: I miss u guys.”I Miss You To <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I Hope All Is Well I Love You
si I go in at 4
thanx for the RT! glad you enjoyed it =]
it's not Justin Bieber
I don't even know what to say about you two.
Good day for newYork teams yesterday makes my Sunday better when my boys win
To: Cha Cha- Is it gay if the balls touch? ~Swanke
let your past make yo better not bitter
Let The Church Say Amen
Olcyk hates the
Congrats to the Jr. Pioneers U12 Tier II National Champions!
do u going to the tweet up with tomorrow
Fuck.... now I gotta go on this midnight milk n cookie run thanks to and my overwhelming munchies
Beat the Cats We bleieve GO IU
Barack's dream for young women at Barnard is that they can be CEO, and he abhors the "motley apartments" he lived in here.
when's the game now?
Woot, woot! Can't wait for 's #SpringFlash tonight with and at !
I did! You were great! Thank you for your books. You are an inspiration! You were hilar as well. lol
Did you also email me? I replied to an email but let me know if that was not you!
HAHAHAHA BARCELONA!! WHAT NOW??? NO CHAMPIONS LEAGUE AND NO LA LIGA!!!
HA! Those the Wal-Mart edition they sell those in the auto department.
RT : Lion launch. Tomorrow (Wednesday). Just announced on earnings call. Wow.
these are the losers who are showing the entire planet just how f---ing pathetic America and her people really are.....
“: 10 dresses in 2 hours! Thanks so much to and !!”
Enchancers Love Lisa! We should trend that! Come on everyone!!!
retweet if u single:)
Thanks for the retweet, Donna!
It's not always about what you know...sometimes it's who you know
Thanks for visiting us. What did u have? RT : Lovely lunch date at The Prado with , I love restaurant week!
Going to the Let's Eat Charles Street festival tomorrow? Stop by the Zipcar tent and sign up with our street team! New members get $75 in DC
NO sleep for me....,.,.I hate no one and hold no grudges .......still i might get wrinkles if i don't sleep.....
Incredible what can be accomplished by small teams of like minded folks. Just look at the Navy SEALs and others. that's how to run project!
lonely girl
Imma just laugh though .. You hoes entertain me ... I swear !
#gomavs I was about to jokingly ask if u were in Portland tonight. Then I thought for a second and decided u may reaalh be there?
hah maybe oversights like that is why I ended up in SC
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
And radio is the authentic way for an artist to even be heard and promote themselves national level.
Visited and can't wait to set up an #OldWorld tasting for later this summer!!
Watching the Grammy's waiting for the pizza I ordered!!
I could listen to "Bingo Players- Cry" all day I love that track
Girl with Jason Mraz shirt. Guess I'm truly getting old.
This #Nicks game is BULLSHIT!! So the refs wait to see if the #Heat miss a shot to call a foul?! If they miss-Foul...made-no foul!! Wtf?
Derek Lowe just sounds like the name of good pitcher.
I hate u for being in VEGAS the same weekend I SHOULD HAVE been in vegas if it wasnt for being a BIATCH lol
just made our day :D
thanks for the shout out!
i miss youu too girl !
#8 I HATE my body .
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 67
same went to bed at 9 this morning still have moved from bed
I sent you an email! Respond at your earliest convenience. God Bless.
Doing a study on Roslyn, NY homes in stats class. What a dump.
At church of all faiths #adamspoint #oakland with
please have your boys take care of these scum bag rednecks this afternoon. tired of thir fans already. thanks.
Salamander or baseball glove?
"Money is like manure; it's not worth a thing unless it's spread around encouraging young things to grow." - Thornton Wilder play, 1954
all ma exes live in texas like im george strait
Just watched Mothers Day!!It was fantastic!!Intense!!Insane!!LOVED IT!!!
what are you working out today?
No...I think Jessica butchered Mariah Carey last night....I think Randy lost his mind
your so dam gay though.
I won't be surprised at all if the support from Packer fan base gives the mirrorball trophy... but he deserves it anyways.
* Lay her i' the earth:
on an awesome #FBi webinar with , & ! Gonna be awesome!
": it was all because of that sexy dance you did yest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>" lmao!! Omg... I'm never doing that dance again :x
Are we your favorite wine & spirits shop in Los Angeles? Let us know and we will make your day :)
u all late in your response. any sleep? me nope...... smh
Today is Lumpy Rug Day – a day to celebrate and appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing today!
dont know what you're talking about. i wake up to 2 cats climbing all over face and clawing at my neck at 6:30am. cats > coffee.
bought some new shit today ready to wear it tama :P
Check it out! It's that time again; dinner time! Check out NOLA Food Delivery for all your hunger needs! Or give us a ring at...
Thanks for a great event!
Thanks. SAME TO YOU!!!!!
You said you were ready. Maybe you weren't.
Reading"Kim Kardashian" by Rudyard Kipling
#transpo camp. Yup. We're in a night club.
What doesn't kill me makes me stronger. Translation: dating gay men is really a pain.
Pop Recording Artist, Actress and TV Host/Personality Natascha Bessez on Adva Mobile! Check her out - text getnatascha to 88704.
awesome! RT : I was just thinking about it and I just may be the female version of Frank the Tank from Old School.
Its sad that it takes a tragedy to bring us together
Ready to be motivated to change. I pray God will make big changes in my heart.
learn to play the game, you expect to be a commentator? have you watched gsl?
Beautiful Souls at 1 pm: "Unexceptional people who took great risks because they were in a position to help someone and did."
Only over my Dead Body
What does she mean like keesha? :o
Dude Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert are the REAL deal!
having fun baking pumpkin chocolate chip cookies w/the family & the house smells yummy!
im curious
My Mom is so cute and I'm so proud that she knows basic html coding in Dreamweaver. More than I know about web design.
Smashburger vs. Burger Lounge??
I'm not sure what's worse: that there's a BBQ place named after John Brown, or that they charge $21/lb. for burnt ends.
Alright followers, any thoughts about the #NFLCombine today? The #Giants are likely going to be looking at some LBs. What about your teams?
Thanks for the follow. Portland ME Rocks!
Time for extra innings, again. #letsGoOs Bring the bats boys:)
Portland to #Maui air fare sale. $357 RT.
“: "You've got to be willing to lose everything to gain yourself." - #Lifeclass”
Really hoping tomorrow that things will be better and that this pain will just go away. This whole hurting thing is getting old.
Did I just hear a niner in there? Are we on a walkie-talkie?
drew brees wasnt an elite qb in San Diego & was coming off injury. Tebow is no Steve Young--go watch the tape
Lmbo! To funny Mel (I try) RT :... and my oh my! has the best falsetto voice I've heard in a while! Lol!
I guess the thief was on a tour de fence.
Next show May 27th at Echo, additional info coming soon!
Week 2 of the new year. Congrats to all of you who are on track and following your resolutions. The rest of you need to get started!!
1,000 tweets and I am still fucking unappreciated. Suck my dick fuckers.
Come rock with us at the caravan lounge
I realized how insane improv is tonight.
I know I'm nothing but skin and bones but I sure think your beautiful
Note to self: calming down an anxious 7yo before she goes to the dentist should qualify one for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Oh my god! YOU GUYS ARE SO FREAKING AMAZING! If this is what you girls do in your free time, we're best friends :)
im trying to be happy always .
4 real thats cool! Im at the studio right now on my Laptop workin!!! Bet u full!!!
I know I don't watch football anymore but isn't that the point of the game?
RT Gr8 meeting up w -- a stellar man and aspiring actor > thnks Brian! Every wknd u challenge me 2 b a better Human Being
“: DL, DB, OL top 3 needs...not in any order?” -- I think you're off to a good start!
said it was his bday yesterday lmfao
Excuse me, I have to go kill myself... I mean... exercise.
I like what Ida better then oh wells... What Ifs let's you have an imagination. Oh wells just shows you don't actually care
ya? What's the paper about? I just got done with my paper about an hour ago on Gardners Seven Intelligences Theory
- you back in the states? #beer after work?
Why pay extra for a retractable roof if #Dallas if your not going to open it on a really nice day.
RT : The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender - Vince Lombardi
Global History is the natural progression in trying to move away from a Eurocentric lens. Fad? Maybe but it's important.
Got tons of pop/r&b tracks i need to send out. These are all big singles...whos lookin?
MozyPro has been giving ConnectionError4 since we added more space to our account last week. No backups have run in cpl days
I expect my gifts in the coming days.
Sure! Can you DM me who he is?
but the web interface has all the cool stuff like search, threads, view all images in one page, etc
[3 - 1] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 5th inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 3, Houston Astros 1
Do u really think it will make any difference? I'm convinced the "Presidency" is nothing more than figure head for Huge fed govt
haha absolutely not. The only white person that's allowed to say swag is Eminem, and he's only technically white haha
At least they got more wins then Melo
I feel ya
EVERYBODI FOLLOW MI BESTIEE FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
Wow! I didn't know he was born in Cullman.
DJin a private gig in San Luis obispo! Have a good Saturday!
Thanks Ralph, yeah Nicky's great..hope to see you soon.
I know the path to enlightenment. The matter of the worth of pursuit is what is in question.
stay home ima be bored, ohh an youre like a female kid cudi
I feel like im in country haze.. bleh...HELLO I SEE STARS &n BREATHE CAROLINA!
109 days until
Baltimore City Planning Commission recommends tax break for Superblock, but includes statement requesting inclusion of local hiring. 1/3
Thanks, Katy! Glad you liked the post. Looking forward to talking with you again soon!
Just the stock 18-55 and an old 80-200 that I had, so I have lots of room to improve upon. Thanks for the advice!
ima come through after I'm done eating
": : Liked i won back to back weeks when i was a fish in season 1. Only one win since.. booze aint it
go out and do something!
oh boy should we be worried? Hehe
TGIF! If you use any of our deals this weekend, do let us know!
James Anderson is back tonite!
tell Joe I have not forgot about getting together with u guys for dinner. I will call him next week to arrange something. Ttyl
This dude is crazy!
did you go ghost this week or what?
The best is yet to come! Blessings ^staff
There's nothing more annoying and frustrating than wanting to move forward with someone who is content with stationary
Workshop with Eric Souliere yesterday....moving forward in the 42 day book a job challenge...!
Yep (like most things)! Guess you can tell I'm not a season ticket holder, huh? ;)
Oh my! OK!
someday you'll see the reason why, there's good in goodbye
I hope budget discussions will help us figure out what we consider really important and not just what we give lip service to
Understood. Bush Jr was rather exceptional...
Can't believe Carroll Shelby passed today... My great uncle used to deliver cars for him... Wow...
Just met my future husband.
Mike Mayock & Michael Lombardi like the Bears' draft.
Hate when you have to sneeze while driving on a really curvy road.
umm its been that way for like 4 years now.
are you missing your tea?
I'm sure I can find that info as needed:-)
I follow back, just ask <333 :D
Good morning Denver! Is your day off to a good start?
Shook the rev. Jesse jackson's hand
some ppl come on here for foolishness - I'm about being positive! all day...every day!
MAIN RAMP OF 405 WILL OPEN STARTING 11:30AM THE MAIN LINE AND FULLY OPEN 3:00 PM in LA
i'm feeling a lot better thank you for asking..yes i am working on some movies..i cant same much but you will find out
Different meanings of "Cheers!" in Chinese! <U+5E72><U+676F> ganbei drink your glass dry <U+968F><U+610F> suíyì drink (as little) as you wish <U+4E00><U+534A> yíbàn just a half glass
not gonna lie I dig the lyrics you tweet everyday
Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people. Brian Tracy
lol bagels are AWESOME!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : (Jordan Shoes) Sold out!!!!!!!
RT so excited to be in my #House (New Series started tonight)
To the tech-heads amongst you, are you attending or tweet-following #wiredbizcon?
um do not try to replace ryan gosling ever.
Brain Networks Linked to Teen Drug Abuse - Voice of America
Ppppppffftttt I'm not freaking out because I got followed by jb's close friend <3 pft... EEEEKKKKKK!!!!!!!
Ugh -- my Virgin America flight has live TV, but not the #bruins game. Live stream anyone?
": want to see some killer mullets? stop in to Pappas tropical paradise in west seneca ny!" That's why I go there duh
I love my babygirl KaLiaH..! Each day she never fails to AMAZE me..!
We are proud to announce we will be joining the cast of the 2012 Warped Tour this summer! Thanks - Can't WAIT!
I like her style.
I WAS HALF A VIRGIN BEFORE HE TWEETED ME. NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
Thanks for birthday wishes
my brother thought Scotty day was your birthday. Is it okay that I hate him now?
"If you find that you have dug yourself in a hole...stop digging." It only makes sense!!!!
old version is up... new ver will be ready by thursday! code released shortly after the conference.. are you gonna attend?
Listening to 1360AM talk about and how he looked like a badass last night! Way to play Garrett! Go Aztecs!
In the end :)
Wow. I think that the kitchen is done. I'm going to go celebrate by buying a birthday cake for Mason. And then I shall collapse.
Congratulations to our neighbors on a great ribbon cutting and groundbreaking this morning. The Cultural Corridor is awesome!
my ears are still ringing...
pixie lott, olly murs, and jessie j should join too!!! MOST EPIC TOUR EVER
Hoping this cup of green tea is up to the task of carrying me through a myriad of children's activities tonight
What kind of a loser wears their softball uniform to subway...
Sales team need help with social networking skills? I can teach them "iSelling" like no one else can!
Maggie Brooks and Louise Slaughter... I impersonate you out of respect of course... LOL
life is worthless, make your life worth something and you've accomplished greatness.
Traffic why are you delaying my weekend?
Take your chapped ass woodchipper mouth the fuck outta here.
So happy to have our standard Friday night meal tonight
Sounds tasty Claudette. My husband and I are going to stop by one night soon !
U r welcome nice mtg u 2. Lets get linkedin
Jay-Z's American Gangster album is the perfect soundtrack to this lit review on Urban Anthropology.
Web and social gurus: If you haven't encountered web-tool yet, check it out!
i love taylor swift. <13 she is my inspiration.
What're you planning this weekend? We've got some great live music and the hottest DJ's to keep you dancing all night!
you make me sad :(
I wonder how much bereavement time can I take from work over
Check this out: 10 Great Libraries to Tour. CPL's Harold Washington Library Center makes the list: usat.ly/dJLtHi
Mitchell Elementary Family Night this evening. 20% of our sales from 4-9pm go to support the PTA.
Monte’s wishes all of you celebrating this weekend a Happy Mother’s Day & to make your reservations here asap! 7188527800!
Mark Kotsay- what an awesome game you had tonight- THANKS for the WIN!!! GO Brewers!!!
Weird that older people you used to hang out with were younger than you are now.
Blehhh...rise n shine! 11:00 am? Not bad. :) happy saturday yall!
i'd say so. That tall one is screaming for some eiswein! Can the chained ones be hung from piercings?
can we do a tinychat now please im bored
Big shout out 2 execs frm LDT 4 n FEI's Leading for a Democratic Society 4 Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs quotes
if the mispronunciation of one word determines elequence, then I suppose we are all blithering fools.
Pretty good what you been up to
we need to chat son.
Josh Smith should've got back on D quicker
Good Morning! RT : Good morning
i want a tan yoo !
Thanks! I'm excited and proud :)
trying to decide on the best web2.0 tools to share with grades 6-12 non-academic teachers—business, careers, marketing, computer education
is the biggest racket going. They leave suspicious negative reviews up & filter out "suspicious" positive ones. Blood sells I guess
#TeenHoot tickets come on sale in 37 minutes! Woo! :)
You dont relize how mad your makin me Cnbc...
Let it Shine...
#Niallisbeautiful We all love you man, keep your head up <3
you will fall in love he is gorg
I'm so bored kill me <U+E005><U+E113><U+E51C>
oh, I can understand that.
I’m so excited for Christmas <3 <3
This chick needs new people to talk to... So HMU(:
Skydiving. If at first you don't succeed, you're dead.
I'd like to think so. RT Is it true that if you stroke the hair of that you will be granted 3 wishes?
Thank you to everyone that came to Vegas! Sorry for the late thank you. It has been a hectic day! But I love you for coming! It was
"Your business will only grow as fast as your do"
Yes! RT : Kinda wish #vrac2011 would have ended today I had so much fun
You taste like the 4th of July, malt liquor on your breath my my.
Students need to meet on Sunday to develop projects with me.
Apparently you're not alone. RT : And I thought it was just me.... RT 52% of women can't go a day without "sending a 'risque text
Thunder...ugh. :( Hey...heard good news on you though! Congrats on T&P!
lmao, ikr but I don't like to assume until I kno for sure!!! Oh well, imma get his cd, cuz I kno he gone make it
hiya that's me sidekicking you lol just kidding how are ya stranger
Saw a guy driving a prius on Clybourn pull over and pee while overlooking the M-Change across from Ms Katies. Must be a breathtaking view
It's not just everyone else is doing, it's that it is a necessary rule to keep free agency out of college bball after recruiting
Great to hear, man! I'm just finishing up this degree, playing local musicals/gigs and subbing at La Nouba when they call me :-)
Oh my goodness! I just saw that I have a $40 credit at actors key! Yay! Workshop. :)
i will
well, those of us in the back piped up that you're not here. :)
Cause you always got something stupid to say on twitter that nobody cares about. You bitch
Wish I could be there! Ask lots of questions and take pics!
We still have installation & logistics to cover before it's up & running, but hopefully our bottles will be on shelves in a few months :)
Blessed morning it will be
#imagine you are on the beach n Jamie came behind u grabs ur waist n whispers in ur ear hello beautiful :3
hahaha I'm pretty sure we don't give q Fuck about the money we just blow up everyyhing
Auction details to be released soon!
#chucknorris (via Valerie Massey of CCP) says pain is weakness leaving the body. When you screw up, you have to own it!
do we know this guy?
RT : RT : Lebron looked like he was filming a Life Alert commercial.
Looking forward to LA Webfest this weekend!!! <3
. on uniform message shift from "piracy" to "content theft" (but has it rlly caught on in common parlance? (since penzance)
Quite faking, be yourself.
as soon as we print i'll let you know!
Oh yall need Bosh now? RT : Its no type steroid or anything that can help Bosh recover faster?
That New #KatyPerry Video, "Part of me" is Gucci!
So much work to do but my God what great potential EP has. You are gonna want a copy of this, I promise.
Awww thanks but...ER NOPE. I'm ugly!!
why is twitter all about justin and selena? I wanna hear about some liam hemsworth, yum.
RT : Having a bad day? Today in 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800...now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Her twat taste like glazed donuts? She is giving cats type-2 "die of beetus" on the first night
GREAT speaker today! Nancy Aossey was really wonderful!
are you staying here the whole time though?
500 followers. Thank you everyone <3
Cash Money signs Limp Bizkit??? -__-
hey fuse! Just got back on 11 after 6 month hiatus lol wanted to ask... Hows 14 now?? Do u think a ps3 release will do it good?
those are awesome! I'll get you a real poster if you want one?
I wish!
I did....started reading and the next thing I know it was after 10. >:|
what are you talkin' about!? This is BBQ country! Sausage is the best vegetable option out there!!
My company is on G+ but it rarely drives traffic to our blog or website...Twitter, Tumblr & Pinterest are my
ha! Between there & Richland!
so cool!
Finally... Back on my desktop.. Now to install EVERYTHING. TT
Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; to deliver their soul from death... Psalms..
So I guess I cheer for a draw between Newcastle and Chelsea.
this is no time to take a nap! No!!!!!!
Gonna kick butt on writing today then my reward tonight: William Friedkin speaking at directors closeup.
good point!
Do work, sir! Welcome back to the SHOW, Mr. Farris.
More information to come......
sure you'll kill it.
Caucasians for . . . I'm apparently the only one yet.
I wish I could write a blog
RT : Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. -Oprah
Spent a fantastic weekend helping to get #CPCT's new space ready. We open on FRIDAY, and I'm SO ready to make Tech Week mah bitch. ;-)
Injustice could be wiped out, but human differences and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Oh cool. I thought it may have affiliated with the "No Fun" festivals that used to go on at Red Hook/Knitting Factory.
lol, love it!
Hope you had a great holiday and really happy to hear from you!! :)
I'm gonna miss next year!
did it work? :D
RT : RT : Check out the season finale of Four Peaks, Tues 7 p.m., online. Taped live from HuskyFest, i
Yo mama was a extra on the Simpsons and shit nigga
instant classic???
talking to the moon, trying to get to you...<3
the twitter-o-sphere reporting Fidel Castro's death, but it isn't on Drudge yet.
I enjoy being a fangirl. Not that I have a choice... it's a gut reaction.
Next three weekends are packed of fun things! Soexcited.
Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life. -Manly P Hall
I wish somebody would make me pancakes.
Mike's town halls show that he will be an open, accessible mayor if elected #seamayor ^ap
Driving home with :) so happy I don't have to take the bus
I don't think the nba would benefit from an expansion franchise, so what team should make the move to the great Northwest?
imagine waking up from a nap ....by the toilet and freaking the fuck out. NO THANK YOU.
This sounds fabulous. Please make it again so we can come eat it :) RT : Quiche: Porcini mushroom and Gorgonzola cheese Soup
It amazes me how people consistently misspell my email address -- especially since it is clearly printed on all my business cards.
Thursday! Aren't you coming down this week? Come party!
Wow! That's pretty awesome. I have a Foulke jersey and nobody understands why. Hello?! Final out!! To Doug M no less... :)
Was just told by HR that we're celebrating Halloween at the office & we can brings snacks & costumes. No skin. I wonder which she meant.
And down goes #Forte now
glad you enjoyed them! Hope you feel ok today!
When I nearly get into a street corner rumble with a senior citizen bitch, honking & yelling at me while rightly walking, it's time to go.
Hey Wesley. Just wanted to thank you for showing up at my son's football practice at Kennedy High School. He was excited to meet you!
M... Lemon Sharks. #NomNomNom RT : I just watched Shark Week, Lemon Sharks have attacked 17 people and never killed any.
Only a 5 point lead now
Happy father's day to all the dads out there, from the 303 and 720...
Do you still have that Hermes? Contact me, let's talk.
Where is a good club to go to on a Thursday in Hollywood/Santa Monica?
I'm weary of Romney.
: Pls get iron-clad repayment plan from Full Tilt #Poker & fast-track sale so players get repaid, thanks!
lmao I remember that shid too
Absolutely! Just moved to the Bay Area a few months ago and Yelp has been a great help in recommending some cool places :)
Check out tonight for their Grand Opening, 3548 14th Street, be sure to bring a friend and give this new place a shot
HAHAAHAAHAH step dad was peeking out the door of the garage, looked at me and said "whassuppp nigga" and closed the door
yeah, called a Saturday. How are you?
Hales is bummed that Sustainability Center and Lake O streetcar are one foot in the grave
Blue and Gold = Green. Happy St. Patrick's Day
2 hour commute for the second time this week to visit a knee specialist. Hopefully the prognosis isn't too bad. Wish me luck!
Yes, anytime! I try to run at the gym on Tuesdays but if you ever want to hit an outdoor track, I've been wanting to!
Went to yoga for the first time and kicked someone in the face. Pretty good for a beginner!
The preview track on your blog is awesome!!!!!
OK....this made me laugh....really really laugh.
Seeing my sexy ass wife in uniform got me even more motivated : ) ! #ArmyStrong #RihannaNavy <3
1 of my faves! RT “: If you still haven't tried the Marzen you definitely should! It's an outstanding spring beer.”
She is honestly one of my favorites. The pearl resin feels different and is so pretty.
U.S.S. Lexington and the aquarium today. Heat index of 115!!! Later, when cooler, we'll have our last trek to the beach. Off to explore!
The message i just sent :'/
(Vega)(Urgentys)provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world for Alzheimer's Patients, Autistic Kids, Elderly
Quote of the day: "Something badass...I don't know, like REO Speedwagon or something"
School sucks taking Finals all week
been pretty good just living life
Do the job, know its done...save yourself the headache of arguing about who's job it is. Just do it. Just lazy...geez
*kisses back*
I'm gonna fix a lot of things in my life that have been bothering me lately.
U been sayin u wanted to do a photo shoot 4 the longest. lol
Just so you know, you're following me and I am very much pro-choice. I don't suppose you are against the death penalty too?
Back to the vet today, this time for the other dog. I am expecting bad news. This is the bad part about having pets.
can u follow me I have a few questions to dm u
Peace out, river trout.
Lmao, Idk :P My mom named us that aha'. My middle name is marie and her middle name is christine soo yeaah :p aha'
's cover of so sick from his ustream that he just done
This tweet is way delayed, but congratulations to our brand new Babyfoods, George Burton and Adrian Iglesias! /te
Word up!
Just finished Spiritual Yoga class...I feel great!
Smokey : I got mind control ova dat fool. he be like stfu I be quite but when he leave I be talkin again.
EMD music time
Dallas would love to have you here! Are you performing in Texas any time soon?
We are so blessed to have you folks as fans and friends. Saturday was above and beyond.
what city?
Tip: If you are going uphill, downshift so your engine doesn't need to work as hard to move your car up.
Niggas ain't macho man they really miss elizabeth
Of the many, many things I could watch on my parents' cable I choose ... Titanoboa on the Smithsonian Channel. :P
In all fairness, Nick C. was a "star" in tv/film BEFORE making music, right? Em was the other way around. Eminem is Music only!
#WhatMakesMeSmile making others laugh and smile
hey boo
I'm going to take a shower.
#ff <-- The Phantoms of the Loft. PS Show tonight at 11 PM. FREE!
Want to know what's awesome? When the Brewers don't lost in embarrassing fashion to terrible former Brewers.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy the outdoors! Check out the Rodeo or the final days of Accenture Match Play.
#ilaughalotwhen I saw something very funny.
if you tweet the words #YourMom i'll retweet
Yes. But my school standardizes it, so there is less grade grubbing... A=95, B=85 ...
my favorite words from today's meeting: nugget, stub, and bucket.
that's the still-small you solution
you better win.
RT I wear glasses because I like to dramatically remove them to display anger. It was awkward doing that with contact lenses.
Here at charmaine Blake launch party for Universal Voice...wit Said Faraj
The academics agree in#civility is democracy and enfranchisement changed the game and put morality on the table
Forget to retweet, Pete.
Follow the next BIG thing in boxing! RETWEET ALERT
i completely agree! There is nothing worse than emotional abuse and people who do that are very messed up and cruel.
Blowing Fucking Minds.
Funny that has the balls to run a "Best of the Week" when they were only live 2 days this week. mailing it in
thanks Jenny, how's your little one doing?
Friday at Fujiyama... You gotta get here!
maybe you should have left the office . I would
Do not watch the Little League World Series, we do not need to sacralize 11 & 12 year olds
1770 > Civilians/soldiers clash in the Boston Massacre.1953 >Joseph Stalin dies. 1963 >Hula-Hoop patented. 2011 > MWM rocks Rockbar!!
Tonite we play the Hard Rock battle final round in Nola!!!! 7:30, free, all ages.
U dudes ain't balling u just laying it up
Yeah, I know. Was just surprised how far they were canvassing! Good luck getting within 400 yards of campus right now.
it is ironic that i have to pay to read this!
": I like there swedish meatballs =D"oo im sure u do ;-)
The risk for heart attack is higher on mondays
I'm tired of these senegalese twist, I think imma just take them out next week
If this person I met today asked me to marry them, I would have. I met my perfect match but they live in Phoenix!!! Gahhh!!!!
First-line IT support staff are often some of the most infuriating people on earth. This must be a job requirement.
What the fuck am I watching..o_0
Best bets: April 21
Ew its gonna be 104 degrees tomorrow. I hate this.
Oh thanks sweety, your pretty too <3
Tomorrow night!! Dnb @ foundation room Vegas!! Konkrete jungle w/ calculon | keith Remington !! Come out and get down!! 10pm 21+
Go follow
umm try the one by south san!
I can say the banner was a hot topic within the post match press conference amongst all media.
Now listening to Irv Sheffey of discuss the state of the Benning Consent Decree at the River Terrace Community meeting.
I mean he pretty good, but evs the best, we r comin to wargos later and I'm smack you!
So tired of being cold ... maybe I should get chubby again.
I wish my niece was still here; it's too quiet now.
Time for that Saturday morning workout!Took a few days off but I'm back! If you wanna loose weight or get toned get @ me!
Love that love songs with Delilah is ubiquitous in NY taxis.
im sure someone does
Is it Shark Week yet?!
That's what I figured.
2 days until the Redneck Circus. Gonna be a wild time w/awesome bands, the Miss Redneck Contest, shows & more @ st lucie county fairgrounds
Any1 who gives shit abt Rev Wright didnt vote 4 BO in 08 & wont in 12. Just part of their "Obama as scary black 'other'" campaign
Happy Saturday!
5:28 and I'm up
At north star with <U+263A>
: Thanks for the note! Hope you keep in touch. (Are you on our email list?) Happy Valentine's Day.
*high five*
I had a Japanese friend in undergraduate school. I remember almost nothing, which makes me sad. It's a nuanced language.
personally, i'm not as concerned with lebron not winning a championship as i am with his general ineffectiveness late in games
Six Picks for the Week of April 30 - May 6
Emory (in Atlanta) - it was the PERFECT program for me, but ATL was not ideal for me, which made re whole process more difficult
yes i am can you bless me Please !!! :-)
Macaroni and cheese.
of course I am not here for anyone that disses the indomitable Leila Ahmed's views on "colonial feminism." Take care.
Workin that next buyer! Let's go
you are forgeting the authentic mexican restaurant known as the bell of tacos.
The last 15 first round picks ive known ,this time I dont know who the hell Shea is could be a good sign.
haha, surprisingly no. But I'm glad the ladies now know that in addition to having 0 ear wax I also watch saved by the bell.
I'm back. Got home in time to catch and That's a party!
great job on dropping joradas she sucked now you have a winning team thank you you made my night...I love you
Off to Dominick's in LA for a birthday supper!!! Love supper!!!
what are you trying to tell us?
14 hours at work, almost skipped the gym. Went anyway, new PR on Leg Press 1325lbs for 3 reps. This is what #SWOL is all about!
Great match
I really love tea.
Ah shit...it's Friday ha
Its cool doe, I ain't even mad.
its 1st of march
i just realized mcdonalds has the green shakes for march. now i know what i'm getting for my drive back to orlando, on sunday!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets as well! thanks again!
you have a girlfriend?!? aw. :)
FOLLOWED u <U+2665> Folloow me ?
: LOL... should be rich indeed! Thanks for the RT!
Megan and her friend were reading sides for Dark Shadows
Don't be scared if a fat guy in a red suit snatches you away on Christmas Eve. You were on my wish list.<3
#BestOriginalSong goes to...
#movies Going to see Shutter Island tonight, hope it lives up to the hype, I am a big Scorsese fan.
no i woke up at like 6 30
Jeez Kobe
Ikr i mean he did what she wanted him to do. She would have been pissed if he let Matt die. I wish we all could get...
Just ran into after he got a manicure & pedicure with his mom.
good look
he does look different! still not sexy tho. hot, maybe. but not sexy... kinda maybe possibly
No *:L* faces allowed. Save your emoticons for the app process. Right now is all about possibilities. *Wise Buddha Face*
Thank you , & for using #thesafe is one of the strongest singer in the competition.(:
I want some yogurt…
“BREAKING: NEW YORK - Twinkies maker Hostess Brands files for Ch. 11" And Rex Ryan cries again in Jan!
It's not to late to take advantage of our FREE CROWN moulding offer. Yes that's right free crown moulding installed into your home.
Congrats to , February's MISL Goalkeeper of the Month!
At least we can stop talking about that bullshit save streak.
I will NEVER watch The Bachelor/Bachelorette until a black guy/girl stars in it. Fuck ABC!
No regrets.
LET'S ROUND EM ALL UP AND START FRESHMEN FRIDAYS BACK UP TOMORROW except Troy LMFAO ;D
Forgetting to shave your legs and going to get a pedicure... #SorryLady lolol
No Tim Seymour, please.
Watching and Bill - I absolutely love their love!
Matt Holliday quotes: “It was nice to be able to at least get a hit, and the home run was icing on the cake.”
do you need #digital help? Facebook, Mobile,,,?
Hope you have a wonderful birthday, Mark! Sending you lots of love
We singn MARIAH CAREY HERO nd R KELLY I BELEIVE for GRADUATION..! *2012*
Why u worried about who between theses theighs its "Not U"
Hammering Jack!!!!
RT : liberty st between from Elm to Chapel is closed. House next to catholic church.
The order of the movie is; Light beard, clean shave, full beard. But in reality during filming it was reversed. Full beard, clean, light.
M... Mulled cider. I love this season.
We are expecting 12 Orioles Wives on the Women Build site today and we've already got 5 signed in!
ooooooohhh yes :( R.I.O
lol great question
opps @ work and sent u a response from my buddy noel's tweet acc
GSB Powerlifting meet this weekend at the Madison Indoor. Saturday beginning at 9am.
When life goes to pieces, make a quilt.
Tonight's talk will focus on American pop culture (with the noticeable exception of Emma Peel.)
Very excited to be packing this weekend for ILTA INSIGHT in London next week. Will you be there? Stop by & say hello, stand 35.
everytime i eat i feel sick? what is this shitt
i'm finding the new twitter UI to be more buggy than useful.
Last friday night yea we danced on tabletops yea we took too many shoots think we kissed but I forgot <3
Just finished dinner.
oh you're welcome:)
open source YOUR job. That website takes hours of work every day. I am not defensive unless attacked by needless snark
I did not think that rug burn could hurt that bad.
my sister is such a bitch..the tv volume in the living room was loud enough for me to hear in my room..at 6:30 in the morning..
Wow Might have to ask if 6th to 1st win was the fastest turnaround and/or biggest?
great commercial
bad day at work? :(
Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy? What the fuck is you thinkin' man? - Stringer
All you beautiful women out there....HMU
I love 's tweets so much
“Stories almost always beget other stories," Dao said. Emails sent in response to his page one stories lead to other ideas.
Set goals tht r 100% in ur control, like "Every time Im in set for 10min, I go for the number" NOT goals like "I'm gonna get 5 numbers 2day"
Everybody is nice and everything is expensive.
With DNS.com you can geo-target IPs, CNAMEs, A records, etc. down to the city level worldwide. DM if you'd like to demo free.
awesome! I never read that one. You will have to fill me in.
com — A playable demo of Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D is on its way to the 3DS, a week ahead of the game's release
Surprised that isn't a double for Gomez. Guy has blinding speed.
yep. efficient.
RIP Carroll Shelby
Colin and I were talking at dodgeball about getting some games going Friday night. Thoughts?
Thanks man! appreciate it.
Dammit how am I gonna join the LINsanity and follow Jeremy Lin if I can't find his twitter! Someone tweet it to me. The real one!
Why the hell do I hear little kids yelling outside at 12?!
Lauren Is My Maid For Life (:
Join us for our 70s retro patio party this Thursday - we're talking delicious cocktails (tried the Bleu Velvet?) and live music!
You are quite welcome
Open Tues-Sat 11-8 & closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays. Winter hours until April.
in Dallas at the moment for work. And I think I could play a great Lucy.
Make sure to email us if you would like to get on our listerv!
Everyone lets welcome back to the shop today!!! I bet that first cut felt good.
"Oh it's a monkey hey little monkey." *Monkey slaps his hand* "Butthole!"
Black Strap BBQ with
Indy food trucks: What's for lunch today?
Cutting back on sugar is making me want it more. I want a toasted marshmallow shake from or some cheesecake!
9pm which (I have faith that) is gonna win!! She deserves this!! #snakeswillrise :D
I hate you.
I think I'm going to hop back over to my account. This one is... too quiet.
This has been a long but good weekend!
...FP my brother...what it do!
Cherry Bomb - Cherry filled chocolate cake dipped in ganache topped with chocolate buttercream and a cherry
"Oh My God" We bout to do numbers! #OMG_PerfectTiming!
RT "if you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory."~ William Hazlitt
You are right to focus on debt, but shouldn't call it a bad mortgage. IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't been paid yet!
he is almost as dark as you.
Having a very lively happy hour this evening at #Workspring!
Why in the hell people always saying this damn comment, "Why do Black people always eat fried chicken and watermelon" #Mixed signals 4real..
follow me gorgeous :)
oh your so sweet. ;) i wish i had brown hair D;
My twitter acting stupid -____- I can't follow anyone SMH
#HowManyPeople actually read half the tweets that they receive from the live streem?
What color is your nail polish right now?
I hate it when ppl lie just to do something...
#thewalkingdead really gets me going
you better be there, ready to youtube that shit. I'm sure MANY people would LOVE to watch it.
Check out and feel free to post pics of you performing on their FB page!
you look so cute with your braces off!(:
After losing that someone you've had those butterflies for, and they are gone there's that big pit in your stomach.
What's your go to snack, ?
well you were gone...time flies!
In Eugene. Need food ASAP.
Casual sunday night funday
not that I know of. #csa12 seems to be unoccupied. We can tweet using that.
Word of the Day: Overcome
i love him, but im going to let him go, until were both ready.
Dont bother me ugh
just tried to take out $1,000 from an ATM.. We must be drinking heavy tonight
What did you expect? You filled NC with all that trash...
I really wanna know how many people would actually notice if I just disappeared.
Watching the Meydan World Cup races at Dubai this morning
"i'ma put hickies all over yo girl neck and send back home to you!".
I came out da water.
might do a short San Diego -> LA thang in the spring.
After grinding all week I couldn't be more excited for dinner and cocktails tonight
Coming up at 5pm on #ThrowbackThursdays w/ the homie
YEAAAHHHHHH! Keep the dope beats coming! Your LA-Crew is digging this!
What's the proper condiment for a pork tenderloin sandwich?
I didn't eat for three days to look lovely for you.
I Now Pronounce You Glam: Kate Middleton is 2011 's Top Bride! And the top bride of 2011 is …drumroll please … Kate Middleton! Duh. D
Thanks boo! RT : hahahahaha awesome! Best tweet of the night!
"What breaks your bones is not the load you carry, what breaks you down is all in how you carry it. "
What do you call a gay drive-by? ...a fruit roll-up, lol. *ba-dum-tsss*
hope is a buncha bull 'ishh right now !
those kobes look fly ass fuck on feet pimp.
#mdcsymposium "Millennials want to be remembered as loved rather than successful/beautiful." Nothing wrong with that.
could'nt be more thrilled! So excited to be in such fab company! Thank you Traditional Home
Ahh :o being sick sucks >.< but no school for me today ! :o
We're thrilled to have the sharp and talented Dea Rankin, Director of Business Development & Public Relations on board. Welcome, Dea.
I know!
As a techie, I'm embarrassed to admit this: I just now replaced my iPhone 3G after 2.5 yrs. iPhone 4S baby.
Stupid ass phone
Number 1: A tanned Hawaiian Chick or a Filipino chick, hands down!!!
back for ASTD TK10 to deal with exploding faucet before heading to Training in San Diego tomorrow.
Congrats to #Muskie Marat Bayzakov on his acceptance into the Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
Officially an eastsida as of today.....
Time is passing so slow..
Movies tonight :)
": How can you try and take away my joy when you live in the rain?"
Looks like we're re-vamping the menu here at Ai with some more affordable menu items.
Earl Grey- It always makes me happy!
djcdub at g mail
It's been a great lazy day! Going to bed super early tonight, been a long day!
#StronglyAttractedToGuys that look good in snapbacks, and to guys that play basketball (:
Made it to MA and the dog without further incident. Woke her up from a dead sleep and got lots of "faceys" as she believes she's a cat.
when you look at someone and "dumb bitch" comes to mind :D
If she still gets toys at mcdonalds.
Love love love getting these emails from I am learning so much!!
did someone just do a terrible remix of you?
ig. who knew morning came so early?
Does Joe Flacco scream Bernie Kosar or is it just me? Ravens...GO GET MANNING!!!
is it wrong that I'm happy LSUs stat book won't have a 50 yd rushing TD from the punter?
last phone as officially broke!
James just came in and informed me that today is a federal holiday. Happy Columbus Day! Does that mean we get today off?
RT that my 2 year old rides an "awpane" (airplane) to meet Pluto (she loves him) and to see "real fishes" in the ocean!
. I heard Draper was going to interview some nobody. I can't let someone get ahead of me.
Thanks for the tweet and the photo piracy permission!
Hey tweeters remember2 follow me tonight as i interview the commissioner of OEM at the garden.
I seriously just died Hahahahaha
Yay! I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it!
I can't believe i'm almost a senior
Do you think the team will land early Tuesday morning or closer to noon or so Tuesday?
Our website was down briefly this morning. Sorry. We're now back up and rocking.
you da best, I owe you! Thanks :) let me know if you'd like repayment in So's...ha
Happy Birthday to one of the most amazing people I know. luv u carlito
I have no idea what to buy for mothers day! She is so hard to shop for, she doesn't like Jewelry, candy, flowers, movies. Man I'm stumped.
Reif: We're focused on ensuring that the Senate is functional so we can pass an early budget that controls spending..."
'NO!' Jimmy protested.
"First, it has to sound like a terrible idea." --Sarah Vowell responding to question about how she chooses book topics. hah!
I can't get enough of this! Two days ago it's mid 80s °F, sunny blue skies, and today it's pure snow!! Crazy
is the new home of the #smashbrothers yet we don't know anyone on our label!
You should have a scale at the ref check-in before the fight so fans can see actual fight weight before fights! I have more.. :)
We have street meat shacks in the middle of Times Square now. Troof.
Oh twitter, it was fun tweeting about football today. Soon I'll be able to tweet about serious stuff...soon...
OMG! That's amazing!
hanging with the girls tonight...;D
hey there! 143 all
I like that name, doe haha
I'm the king of exclamation marks -___- the shit I say aint even that serious
The GOP race can be summed up by the tagline for "Alien vs. Predator": whoever wins, we lose.
I'm bored
you didn't know that ?
Smurf Baseball Bat Joints.
well y'all gotta get pass the eagles first
'Classic.' A book which people praise and don't read. Mark Twain
great to see you today! thanks for coming out to #hubwork!
Watching The Voice :D
I can nearly forgive Apple the hideous new iTunes logo because of the beautiful new Remote.app logo
Slide along side, yeah, baby thats right. Im gonna show you the time of your life.
You know when you read a page of a book and then realize you didn't absorb any of it? I think I did that with my life.
Nice and easy and felt great! Ready to rock 11 miles mañana. I just finished a 1.78 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Hi, I still cannot login to Qualifier B for Madden 12. Will it be fixed today?
just realized the fact that I missed #DigitalHollywood today!!! Awww, today's panels are more about social media! I just forgot about it...
I hate forestry class, it's so retarded...
Please flw back to keep in touch and thank you very much for your support!
Hello to our new followers!
consult your friendly neighborhood nutritionist! #diet lol
Sit back and watch the show.
34 assists and only 8 turnovers tonight at Detroit. Jennings 1 turnover. Ellis none.
So and I were just sitting on her couch laughing our faces off at your quoting us. I think we love you.
Morning Texts >
okay :p
#twitter #creeps !
I Can “Read” People …But I Can’t Read You Steve”… “Don’t Try…It’s Like Doing Math On Psilocybin...”
I wonder whyy people still hate on Justin I think there's nothing to hate on
If you hate me I don't give a FUCK but if you like me I FUCKIN' love you
Hi! I hope your day has been great! I love your "bio" totally going to have to use that quote:) Whats your fav thing to do?!
I clicked on Reply All today accidently....YIKES!...RT : RT : Q2. not enough time in the day #lrnchat | YES
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! ???2??
Are you guys coming to indianapolis ? (:
U seem like nice kid so I'm rootng on u to put my chps to good use & win. Good luck! BTW, I lived in KC too. Fld KQ vs me nxt time!
Short handed Bulls take it to the Heat with plain old school hustle and defense. Big game from J. Lucas. 106-102 Bulls.
This winter break is too long .. I feel like I've dropped out of school or something lol
Should IMLS, gates foundation be funding institutions? Give everyone a tablet instead?
Today pretty much sucked.
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Wins #1 Spot for Third Time North American moviegoers made The Hunger Games the first film of the ye
like to own as a pet?!
is the truth bruh!! But how is that my moment lol?
.intrepid actors forge ahead in the dark bless them all! “: ahh! Did you get it resolved???”
nice! Do you like her new music?
hope you feel better
Live the jazz fest- it's so great to be here !!!
R.I.P 2 my grandmother Annie Ruth Greer. It's been 2 years ago on this day that u have been missed. I think about u all the time & I love u!
CeRave products - My doctor recommended it - CVS and Walgreens carry it - so does Walmart
i did. Forwarded it to who should be replying soon. He handles the details on that stuff
Still waiting to see the light
I can model for you. Have some experience and the week off!
I can't learn half a semester of management in the next 7 hours!
is cleverock based outta Indonesia?
JR Smith and Chandler both with 5 fouls.
that awkward moment when people ACTUALLY think the world is ending in 2012."
too bad isn't in town.
UPDATE ROCK THE INK ABQ WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO AT THE LUJAN COMPLEX OCT 14-16. HOST HOTEL IS BARCELONA SUITES. BE THERE OR BE SQUARE
what's good???
what's good with the belt !!
great choice!
interesting concept--i like it!
I wish I was gettin good beads and swilling hurricanes.
great interview last night
Off to Wisconsin!!
#RPDR #AllStar best showdown would be vs
Chicken Caesar Salad in F , refreshingly light + warm choc chip cookie
wave of nostalgia hit me just now. high school memories....get me a box of tissues
Bro what you know about that?": grey goose and orange juice"
Can't not dance to this.
I wanna know why was the captain of the A-Team? haha
ew i hate laundry. i always have coreys mamaw do it for me. im about to make lizzunch
I'm bored somebody hmu
If anybody is good at trig and would like to help me out, that'd be great.
If I could fast forward to tomorrow at 12:15 I would. I am dreading this biology test!
Sneaky achilles heel for in Big 3 era: Trouble winning close games against good teams at home. Last night was groundhog day.
like a villain? :-)
thank you! i love challenging perceptions. :)
greatest finishing spirit of any fight ever!
Yeah? Nice! I need to train for the hills.
Check out Caprice talking about #doldc on Let's Talk Live from 11 to 12.
Wow! Recommend #freedomriders doc. Film by Stanley Nelson; research of Dr. Ray Arsenault.
Omaha in town w/ Doug Henry as pitching coach. He was assistant coach for uw-whitewater a while back. I went to uw-whitewater.
if ya didnt tell me happy b-day dele r kill ya self
Newyear means new resolutions, why not a new phone makeover don't extend those high price contract for a little crack screen. We can help!
good luck bro..
don't tell me you just watched the trunchbull get her ass handed to her too!
bahahha love it!!
well said :-)
Um what's w/the ass hat waving the blow-up pink flamingo in the stands at the Pacers gm?
Even through our <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
Gone off that white remy and I'm in my chest......put a beat on and turn me up in the head phones
hey victoria
bkalt homie u know what it is
You had me at "I hate that bitch too."
Our boys are lookin' good!
“: hi Eliana thank you for the follow x” You too
"The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
Fluff the pillow to get those dreams flowin
It's a winter wonderland out there but it's almost over!We'll be getting another 1/2 inch today.Tune in for latest from CDOT and DIA
that's the ONLY way to start a Vegas trip!!!
I seriously thought you rocked on the Voice & should have been in the final 4. You had all my votes. Praying you get a deal. :)
You rang?
more like {<3} no one getting close anymore. Tnx boo!
BOUT 2 GO GET A LIL WORKOUT N....
Greg is extremely fortunate to have so much "in his background" if you pardon the pun. I know men that crave such discipline!
These were inspired by reading #CHI12 papers.
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best! Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send #Bartab drinks!
Who's ahead in the race for #PDXMayor? Depends on who you ask. Join in the discussion - #Polls vary widely!
My bed feels so empty without throwing aggressive elbows at me in her sleep :p
Fun and informal. 'Get to know you' kind of thing.
Hanging with the family... Having a good time love them so much
I love the Military History Channel.
WOW- is putting on her best performance yet for the save! #teamkarla #teamadam - come on !
Yahoo’s Five Counter-Counterclaims Against Facebook. #1: Throw Out Retaliatory Patents
I feel more aware of and connected to my community at large as a result of today.
hey watcha been up too
Lol ": just randomly mixing follower faces lol (and probably getting blocked by a bunch in the process)"
Corey Brewer did not get touched. NBA officials have been awful this year.
Still waiting on Knology - 2 weeks and counting - worst internet service provider support I have seen in my life
Of Monsters and Men-Little Talks, what a song
I love the TV program, Pepin's Website and the easy but delicious recipes!
I would take ARodg, Brees, Brady, Manning(x2), Ryan, Rivers, Big Ben, Schaub and Romo. Stafford if he keeps it up
well thank you!
I still say, best 'event' series ever.
OK, nice. I know of SEV.
ChrisVestal: Bye New Orleans-you have some of the best music, food, and people I've come across-I will come back!
I bend rules but NEVER break them!!
Great website... love the concept. First time i see something like it :) Great job!
today? If you're down, I'm down.
I can't help you fix yourself, but at least I can say I tried. I'm sorry Dustin but its time to move on with my own life!
RT : The majority of Health Activists (& perhaps epatients) are women! MT : Progress anywhere?
Rest in Peace, Dick Clark.
give Richardson the heisman, give OKST a title shot, luck gets #1 pick, everyone wins
Seen this Internet Marketing tactic? "The overwhelming response crashed our server... for those who couldn't in..." Really?
Today was so great
Looking for success stories from people who use social media to develop business
raining buckets
listening to music,dont really have anything planned for today,later might run some errands! What are you going to do for today?tweet me!!!!
#12ntcradio from the crew to "My Little Brother" by Art Brut
I love her! that commercial is just far, far overplayed.
wasnt creepy at all actually...im really thinkin Melissa is A now
No no no let us not go there.
call me doll or DM me. (:
To CSA victims: suffering is optional, but healing is mandatory.
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
im not to bad but i would have flowers delivered where you work and never ever pick on jimmie johnson promise
Blowing snow up in Summit County, some snow fall, cold temps over the next few days.
*your highness
You're the reason I wake up every morning. LOL JK, I have school.
Awesome! Whats the Color Run? Sounds fun!
Biology fun! :D
that just fucked my head up bro. Whoa!
He cancelled the entire state!
Thanks for stopping by. Hope you gave in and touched a Lexus or two! Let us know if we can answer any questions.
text what to you?
sounds wonderfully unfathomable :)
RT : We're almost there #TeamAM... Friday is on the horizon!
Mine too.
I miss mud season
I'm in the SPD day spirit
Free guided cultural tour begins at 9am. Meet at Manta Viewing area.
Jazz Fest was amazing! You have to go. How are things w you? I'll be in NYC for upfronts next week. #WowReunion?
that's a brave checkin! You'll create a pitch-storm! I'll raise you a burrito next door.
Aww, I miss you too Maria. You're the sweetest fan of You're showing best love to everyone. Love you Maria<U+2665>
I have a finca my friend..nuff said lol but traveling around is nice too
Bur! COLD St. Patty's Day Dash. Off to Kells Irish Pub for some festive fun in my green striped tights! Cheers!
Another big basketball game tonight for SDSU at NM. Go Aztecs!
Andre miller, cursed to be one and done in the playoffs?
Canon Sunny About Google Cloud Print - PC Magazine
needs wine and Tivo immediately. I'm POOPED! :-)
yep. I never thought it would come!
like in so many other areas positive reinforcement WORKS!
since it was still in theaters, yes. But barely
Wells Fargo Notebook: Woods gone despite favorable ruling - Chicago Tribune
Wow - #stvincent far exceeding expectations here in Pittsburgh tonight.
that was the funniest tweet all day, nice work Sarah
"We can blame our hatred of self on a lot of things...or we can admit we were horrible people."
MY NIGGA CAME THROUGH ON ALOT OF PHOTOGRPHY AND COVER ART !! RT IF OU NEED A MIXTAPE COVER BRO GOTCHU T>T>
You can deduct the cost of your mortgage loan interest from your federal income taxes.
Train to REIGN this PM!
hahaha mostly a joke. Half real half teasing
I wonder what my boyfriend thinks of this.
lets do a performance with tim soon
What's a Maltese Falcon? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
It's on the left side. Managed to show a photo. The producers can't keep them from trying to outjoke each other on
Who walks their dog decked out in jewelry a dress and oh yeah gym shoes..me, Ms Illinois .. It's glamorous with a touch of down to earth ;)
Picking out the Nook I want for my birthday/graduation!
S/o to ---> just cuz she gorqeous c;
haha seriously. Isn't this our last class? Why are we still "learning"?
oh! I'm thinking of the Prussian Bismark, and his remark about laws and sausages. Works for data too!
<U+2605> <U+2606> <U+2730>Perfomed at a Restuarant & got a Record deal to perform at all state Fairs In tha U.S (: <U+2605> <U+2606> <U+2730>
that is really encouraging :)
Any recommendations for a good snack to take to the closet?
People from #Newhampshire, You have less than 2 Hours to Vote for a better America! Get off Twitter & Vote for Ron Paul
that is a good looking cocktail. Plan on visiting Hong Kong's finest.
THURS HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/ MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
he dogged him more than Mayweather, but then again different styles. Until that fight happens we will never know whos better
So much for Dontari Poe's draft stock falling. KC takes him at 11.
for those you don't know #middriftmonday is when we put up pics of the male middrifts we admire.
Today working in what I like!
- Thanks for the mention Rachel.
Will get to the tech stuff soon but in meditation mod right now! But tech Diamond mind coming soon. You heard it here.
I think in a Battle BATMAN would beat the HULK -_- !!!
Have you decorated your doorway? Tweet Your pictures and we'll show you all the entries for the door decoration contest.
Brad was so god. But will he win? Probably not. :(
RT : I don't trust these bitches<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Landed in San Jose alive..headed to Pebble Beach :) rain rain go away..
you crack me up
Yes,! I get to skip volleyball today:).
omg haha what did she say?
Please return soon Josh, I'm missing you!!! Much <3 always xoxoxo Tiffy ;)
Anybody else wish Dale would get bit?
Incredible move right there by Giroux. Short-handed with a slash.
and if your shit is in my way I will throw it across the motherfucking room .
how's is ur recovery going can't wait til ur back on the morning new god bless
symbalta can help
Be sure to Retweet all PhillyHunt Tweets because more followers means bigger
Congratulations on your latest reward!
Haha, oh my god, I'm a living inside joke
Every time I see a pigeon I yell out "KEVIN!!" :D
By the time the election is over, we'll hv defined far more than the heart of America, we'll see what are Twitter neighborhood is really abt
or you could just wish for Lebron to do better. but you're black so continue on.
Congratulations, Giants!
Big baby no don't shoot!
- what version of WordPress are you running?
No way, dude! They got down!
haha. Yup, we're all in for lots of exciting headlines aren't we? :)
Yeehah!! Just found out I'm going to sit in tonight with Brandon Shepard and relive some of that BS & Rodeo Ruckus fever!!
haha, I did not take my calcium, but I get some sun later when I do my swim work out =)
404 Not Found
& are stealing the show at the #comedyawards good to see the girls taking the guys for once.
Being Crazy keeps you from going Insane ~ Waylon Jennings
"A woman who will tell you their age will tell your everything." ~ Coco Chanel
I hate this class
RT : "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare
Working on a little project for Long Beach Grand Prix 2012
I hate when I'm watching a movie/show and I say "I hate that person!" And someone is like "you're supposed to" IDGAF I still hate the bitch
The heat ain't playin with nobody
Thanks for coming on the tour today! Glad your post showed up on the screen. Hook em!
Happy Hour (sponsored by Teleformix) is underway in the Expo Hall. Look forward to seeing everyone there. Stop by Loyalty 360's booth
i love you for this.
Follow for informative legal Tweets.
Awesome! The menu looks delicious. Thanks for the heads up.
missellefowler is better:)
After the Dogwood Festival and UFC 145 get In the Mix at Sutra Lounge with DJ Rohit B, AZ, and Dholi P starting at 10pm!
Nice work on the sustainability initiative. Looking forward to some short- and long-term strategies to reduce waste & help our planet.
wait a gosh darn minute!! is kick'n a** and takin names and your in a #holidayinn?!?!
You fucks wit ? If not you should. Fool.
my last day at work is almost complete! moving on sunday... SO EXCITED!!
Gosh what would I do without her? =)
I'm not a fan of teachers justifying ridiculous rules with cuddly cutesiness. KIds aren't dumb.
Fixin' to grub on some Staxx BBQ in Frankfort with 3 oldest tail-pullers (Caleb, Meghan, Max)
K I'll reach you at gmail, thanks!
thanks for the follow. Dm me sometime I'd love to get to knowyou :)
Is that because you use up energy picking your dumb ass up off the floor every time you do it?? lol
He probably wants to dres like a girl because later in life he'll get a sex change.
just finished my sixth sandal just from using recycled leather.working now on a ballerina flat.
Damn clash ain't start yet
Omfg gladiator sandals are ugly
We <3 penguins! :)
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans Who needs Barber School
if you had your choice with team would you wanna play for?
recommends Aviary - combines tools.
working in a sleeveless t-shirt - the only joy of working at home?
next time shes all like "Maddie you're so lazy blah blah.." just tell her " And your a cunt, but hey we've all got issues.."
Okay!I'll ask my mom.My hous??
OMG #Brady sets NFL record and the refs names are Gene, Bill, Wayne, Ron, Bob, Joe, and Dino!
Has joined the iPhone-wielding legions.
Pursuing your passion and purpose begins with acknowledging from within what it really is.
Oh, good! What are you looking to cook with the duck livers?
Tune us in while you drive! 95.9 FM
I figured why not share my bike that I learned so much on with someone who was in the same spot I was two years ago.
What do you think we should do about the National Health Care plan? First 20 responses get exclusive discounts for online shopping!
Rihanna week omg i need to see this
It says they struggle against Philly. Nothing wrong with that. Flyers are a good team.
Summer running in Arizona. Ramping up the miles by 10% each week even in the 100 degree temps.
Man, Arkansas coaches need to spend the half reminding their defense how to make tackles. And their special teams.
4.8 rating on internships from 9 former interns
I should be out exploring the streets of SF, but prefer the cozy comfort of my hotel room. Oh well... LOL
NEWS BREAK : Shawarma Sales Skyrocket..... #Avengers"
Single most influential factor in fostering resilience in kids is presence of supportive parents says Dr. Shelley Wadsworth, Purdue U.
judging from the velocity it looks like a slider, but I'll ask.
9 more LIKES on the AUP FB page to get to that magic 400 and a giveaway of 2 tickets for Sunday's #AUPSteadyRain!
POP QUIZ: All Time Best Cover Song? Go!
Is there a channel showing the red sox crying? I am more interested in that than seeing the rays celebrate
lol i was up with my slow ass boyfriend...
How about a grilled cheese and tomato soup
If your number of tweets is more that you have in your bank account you are focusing on the wrong thing.
I like clothing that has little hidden pockets. It's like they made it knowing I was going to put my weed in there.
who makes good justin background guys tweet me thanks :)
Friends make good lovers, enemies make better ones.
I never had a problem with a grandma before until now
I get mean when I'm hungry & can't eat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Up waiting for cox cable b4 I head to work, so sick of this bad internet connection...
snow! Yes! I forgot the name for that white stuff that comes from the sky. Thanks! Can I have it without cold?
Psh..are you a natural ginger though? Or ARTIFICIAL? Because right this second there's a real ginger in BLUE BELL.
Hello Mr. Spielberg! I'm a student at CSULB and am in pre-production on my thesis film called No Honor. Check it out!
MORNING WOOD!!!
I woke up this morning, wanting to be in N.Y.C... Lol... Wonder what I was dreaming of?..
Thanks for the #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
Hello, Dr. Joke.
As yet, haven't slipped up and written 2011 on anything yet. Must be some kind of record.
Thank you!!!
thank-you. might be a good film, but the 'clip rights' to all those Oscar winners would cost a ba-dillion dollars. ; )
“In life, you always get what you ask for and it rarely comes in the package you think it’s suppose to come in.”—Kurek Ashley
Why have I been so thirsty today?
I've only met 1 person ever who had my same Birthday.. so that's pretty cool to say the least :-)
It's got mystery, science, internal politics, casual multiculturalism, casual sexism, trust, Kirk at his unlaid Kirkiest, and drinking. 2/2
with all do respect, go jump off a bridge
At home taking care of my big sis
Hey Arlington - now opens at 6 a.m. weekdays
The family has a more personal stake but for me, #Zimmerman issue was racial bias & process failure, not about guilt or punishment.
LADIES: never go for the guy who catches your eye, go for the one that captures your heart.
Ok. Will discuss with the team.
The podcast is great!! Thanks for doing projects like this! Now I have something I'm excited to listen to while I run!
Concur RT epic
"An artist is not paid for his labour but for his vision"- James MacNeill Whistler
My sisters sleeping, & she says " Hi , .... cos " & then she just stops.
hey you was my favorite Houston Comet:)
Can someone tell me what's going with the panthers game
A Good Sign? - We are about to set a record at our web site for people who have downloaded our free kitchen planner in a 60 day period.
BRP Mixtape coming soon. Hmu if you wanna get on a track.
RT : Governor of OR to address sell out crowd at the #nwsmartgrid Peer to Peer workshop at PGE
I'm ready to watch it already lol
That's what Madoff said to _his_ clients, and somehow they fell for it.
RT : Grateful for friends who pursue growth, are doing big things, and want the same for me. --> Yes I do! cc.
did you know when you listen to Velorum by with headphones there is the ghost of a fiddle track in the bass?
Santorum-Gingrich is becoming the Sanchez-Holmes of the GOP
fuck these coats
btw u should reread ur last post.. it kinda doesnt make sense lol but i knoew waht you meant
#mygraduationspeech take it sleazy and im out
Bieber’s comment highlights th fact tht over 50 million Americans dont have health insurance,that 50,000 Americans die each year without it,
I wonder what he thinks every time he looks at me.
tauupon biadap, bertaubat la! Don't point d fingers to others.
Excellent question!
Stay cool out there #lincolnpark!
VP Jonathan Tice on the new landscape of Higher Ed and Post Grad Ed
Among the songs that my mom wants to copy from my computer is "My Humps".
Welcome back from spring break, Wildcats! Have a great Monday!
Listening to "No Strings" Can't wait for his new album to drop...you kids are gonna love it!
Race me n*gga. And I bet you never pass me like a Free Safety n*gga.
“: A psychological study found that people who are generally "too nice" are also the ones to get hurt the most.”
haha do you got some pics?
Yes! He was awesome.
at first, I felt bad calling myself "FGvW" around you, but it was replaced with realizing that we have a similar struggle.
I have never been more disappointed in a single group of people in my entire life than the 2011 Philadelphia Phillies
I have a revolution to sandbagging during storms..Ecosandbag sandless sandbag. Never build another sandbag..Enviromentally friendly..
I'm just lol'ing at this conversation between you two.
then gone retweet my tweet he knw his ass guilty
we have gator heads here too, people buy them..why? no clue.we have gator jerky too! maybe i can send u some
agreed, says this former poetess.
I think my cat is snoring
love you, text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Mitchell from #SwampPeople died this weekend, so sad.
Hey lady! So excited to see the final cut. Have been watching a few snippets...looks awesome.
Nothing like flipping back the channel and seeing an ass in my face!
done and done.
Bock Night at in #Philly is fast approaching (it's tomorrow). Come get your goat on!
I hope you can...it was bizarre, but would be a great example of what not to do.
"I will redeem them from death. O Death, I will be your plagues! O Grave, I will be your destruction!" (Hos 13:14) <U+2665> The blood of Jesus!!
All #SF>LA T's HALF PRICE for a short time. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com (No coupon reqd)
hey lady!
What are they about?
I am fussy as well, but since the perfect ice tea depends on what tea I am using & how I am making it...
Cinco de Mayo event slated Friday at Washington Square - Dubuque Telegraph Herald
My friend! You got yourself a Deal!
Dear FB & Twitter, "You take a lot out of me, I'm very tired!" Sincerely: Father Time (an internet user)
I Don't Like You,,, I Don't Like You At All
I did a French braid this morning and looked at my ears right when I was done, reminded me of u dumbo :( I have big ears too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>
hearts stars horseshoes clovers and blue moons hour glasses rainbows and tasty red balloons
So what is your name ? :D
? I can't trust anybody anymore
You know the worlds ending when the greatest rap duo (Mobb Deep) is falling apart...
You've been on Twitter this whole time? You've been holding out on me!
Hi, you like harry potter and vampires? Me too. Ever read Necroscope by Brian Lumley? Good series.
Updating this ipod and downloading songs. Any good music?
got my new favorite show pure hunting! Looking forward to the next one!
Some of life's most memorable lessons are the lessons that were the most difficult to learn.
what time for interview on ?
lol lunch with today <3 hahaha it was so funny
I'm going to say it hokey stretches are erotic.
Why can't I fall asleep
Big project, pretty much shipped. Can relax a little now.
thanks for entering our Muse giveaway!
Any guitarists or pianists want to accompany me to sing a few Christmas songs tomorrow mid-day for some patients in San Diego?
funny funny
Remember when remodeling that cost are usually higher than they are when doing new construction. But be inspired and dream big
No company that wants to attract top talent would consider this!
Hahahha my mom just shouted touchdown yankees....
682- YOUR SO FREAKIN PRETTY you get on my nerves haha!
One Question!!! When you gonna let me take care of your heart.!?
99 Problems but a Bitch nor a Bitch Ass Nigga aint 1!
that one gets mailed to mom.
Thinking of making one of those elementary school paper link chains to count down the days left in my day job. 8 years coming to an end...
#SDRESTAURANTWEEK Here we come !!!
Just put it on and in 90 seconds saw an alley oop, a jumper and a put back dunk that was ridiculous. Kid is a talent
happy to help..always looking for feedback and ideas
yeah! My dad has a trailor for shirts.
Are these the worst wedding pictures ever? British couple's big day ruined by blurred wedding photographs.
Check out new photos at www.pbase.com/issyr
also amazing. the diff btw the 2 feeds will be interesting. also, how did that thing get 17,000 followers with 15 tweets?
#WIP500 784 words #amwriting but eyes are strained. I have to quit for today.
At the Ginger Man with hubbie. Turns out, I suck at all synopses, including #HungerGames. Wonder if beer can fix that?
I almost passed out from giving blood :/
It was fun - i appreciate you man! RT : Thanks to joe and for a great morning of catching up!
I got an invite, signed up, etc. It just won't let me in :) If you could send me an invite, maybe it will work this time?
Grilled nuggets great for us. Allergen information not yet available on website, but they send it if you inquire.
Imma be his private dancer ;p
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 114
I know there is at least 2 songs that people are gonna love
yes, they're version is so much better :)
Hahahah : The Spice Girls: "If you wanna be my lover, you've gotta get with my friends." In my experience - counter productive."
Thanks guys
About to read the first book of Hunger Games yaaay is it any good ?
damn food channel...
I miss you both and :)
Focus on the next play, because you can't change the past. But you can make the next play the best play of your career.
you were all over the field today. great game.
Congrats to for the outstanding Glen Manor 2009 Hodder Hill for winning the 2012 VA Governor's Cup. A really great wine.
She's still in the game? LOL!!
DPP is sending good vibes to Amy Thompson/ who has spent hours getting the #danceworks show ready!
very crudités humor RT : I'm a party vegetable
My fingers are so cold I can't feel them.
hey, thanks, my man ... I appreciate that.
safe travels, Jack!
I imagine that being a morning person who also loves coffee means everyone I come into contact with pre-10 am wants to smack or muzzle me.
Chris Sale's average fastball velocity is down 3.1 MPH from his rookie year. That has to be a bit concerning, no?
So sleepy.
We offer $100 gift incentives to realtors who recommend our services. Contact us today for more details. arizonahousepainters.com
we've been waiting for some wood fire, could use some company feeding this city!
Let's all cross our fingers that this screaming child is not on my flight.
Who is DC??
Not bashing the Kings or Coyotes, but if you told me in October that we'd need to beat one of them to win the Cup I would've smiled...
Working with the martial artists to clean up some of the physical stuff--this can be painful if you don't do it right.
fuck Ronnie as a person. I don't like that shit at all.
its gonna be interesting how the series go with Melo at 4 do the heat do the same?
i dnt gamble much.....
Thanks to everyone else for playing! Be sure to stay tuned for the next #ClientSwagGiveaway in the upcoming weeks!
wassup wit that suite party?
Thank you, I will! But only after this kid gets a little coffee in her! Haha! :)
": Drinking a French Vanilla mocha coffee and eating 2 blueberry Muffins ;-)" u gone turn into a muffin lol love u
And of course twitter, I'm a have to exercise it real hard now
If You're A Bielieber , Follow :DD
If the things we believe are different than the things we do, there can be no true happiness. – Dana Telford
lol u know u like
I just finished a 5.15 mi what I believe the kids call running ... Believe it's pronounced with a soft R
The end came viciously for a mother and her young daughter.And it came, Las Vegas police say, at the hands of Bryan Devonte Clay Jr.,
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy. ~ James Lafferty
:Gublernation has more followers because he has been a tweeter longer than the rest of you. Hang in there Joe and they'll come.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Grizzlies Everywhere! Keep fighting the good fight! #PROUD&FREE
": If you want to keep the attention of a #Sagittarius, act like you are in an adventure movie!"
lmfo!! (laughing my foot off)
Settling in with some good fiction tonight. I just wish Scott Thompson's resume were longer!
That's how you feel ?!
Anyone have a good natural relief for an earache?
Good morning! I'm still tired, but I'll use this time to do my mani & pedi! Then use the rest of my day to study for my final tomorrow!
Wow my frames just arived, they are so beautiful. I am so excited I could just pee my pants! I will have to inpect them later...
uh oh
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you talking to me Bitch
Happy Birthday !
To people who go to the workplace while sick: I hated you yesterday. I hate you today. Flowers will help you avoid my hating you tomorrow.
You & , give the best Orioles news/notes on Twitter. Thanks!!
Shit is going DOWN this summer ;) get ready!!
They're so annoying
#ECEtechCHAT Love to use #remind101 to remind my families of the events. We are using it to send text msg tips to teachers in the community.
Today's scores 7-3 over #Inferno and 18-2 over #MuffinTops Good day of softball overall :) ready for tomorrow! :)
I will build the collection today and send a link via Twitter. Then we choose one to start with, schedule a call and record away!
Just keep the W's coming! The list can stay in the drawer that way ha.
Tiago is looking great. This is the playing time he's needed. Novak isn't looking too shabby either.
We're talking about extended family & #specialneeds at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Just wait a few months and we'll have your dreams come true!
I do love the taste of Spicy Sweet Chili #Doritos. M
i'm so happy :D
time for a second dose of brain juice.
If I had a gun the world would have a lot less people
thank you :)
Miguel Cotto would be a household name if he beats Mayweather
Everybody's hating on me, I'm just trying to make more money
we doing nothing at school, so why am I always so tired when I get home from school until I go to sleep.?
It's rather hard to edit when you can't get the book you're reading out of your head. Curse you China Mieville!
Isn't it weird how the person you're going to marry is walking around somewhere..
Today marks the 60th anniversary of the UN's adoption of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
I'll see about it :) not sure if i can go to houston though /: I'll talk to my parents :)
Ah, you can almost hear the echo in the distance...
No problem, happy Friday to you!
good luck giirl they will look fabulous
“: Harry: "Hello!" Louis: "We" Niall: "Are" Liam: "One" Zayn: "Direction! YAAAAY!"” who else did their voices while reading? Lol
Love the smell of a paper sack.
Tattoo at one!
finsihed a bag of Mike and Ike's delicious candy. NOW I am ready to shoot a hockey game.
chrome is much easier to use
Hey the oriels can suck it huh??
pretty good jus staying busy
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 -7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT!!
;) RT : These little dancers at Miss Asu make me miss dancing!
The cats played a short paper football like game of bat-the-stinkbug then got bored so the bug just walked under the loveseat. Awesome
im on all the fuckin time I guess never when ur on tho. I always send u and party invites but yall don't join
College is out so... Why aren't we?
Memphis needs to go after BG. He has five fouls let Z-Bo and Gasol go to work
Up and over the roof, yes... RT : Holy s*** did that dude just kick the ball out of the STADIUM?
I pray that if you're fired by Trump the slug, you'll jump across the desk and snatch that fright wig off his head.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! For all our troops everywhere, you are not forgotten and we are grateful for all you do, everyday! God bless!!
if we make it the forbidden fruit they crave it more.Moderation w/ guidance toward meaningful experiences will eventually rule
She kills me...
Thanks Nina
well now they just read this tweet & they're on to you!
Paris with the Parents!! Can't get much better than that!
pretty excited to take The Frail SF to the IODA office today!
thanks Dr. Rita Rossi-Folkes for presenting on transition care for emerging adults w Amy Zimmerman and
Shoot was amazing yesterday! Coming soon!
...Gingrich then wins both SC and FL in landslides. He'd have big delegate lead, right?
I love my fellow beliebers!
no. i hate them. Finn is a douche. i cried when they won prom queen and king. i was livid.
My last tweet before I turn 16! (:
sounds good :)
Wish Alex would stop hanging up on me -_-
331: Moving stinks! But I am thankful to have gotten so much done this week and happy to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
#NowPlaying Set Fire To The Rain- ADELE
HAHA. I tried typing iTouch in my Galaxy Note, I thought it was familiar enough to have it in my dictionary. Nope, it changed it to, cRouch.
Zanna, Don’t! A musical fairy tale is coming up starting March 9th! So Zanna Don't miss out!!
Telstra Digital Selects Lyris HQ to Power Marketing Automation for Australia&#39;s Largest Classifieds Website Messaging ...
also, anyone know good hashtags to use for that last post?
Gorgeous Morning for a run... Get outside and enjoy this weather today!
1.1mm in rev by 2012 and over 40k users totally crushed it
Looks like I went to the doctors just in time
D-Box just sounds dirty. I'd hate to get kicked right in my D-Box. If I have one.
got more soul than a sock with a hole.
I wanna be done with this week & get these research papers over !
nice. We should try and make it up to a game together this summer!
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather, not like the people screaming in his car.
We had an awesome day of matches in downtown Los Angeles today and we were thrilled to have the YouTube execs come by and watch the action.
“:Follow Friday #Holliston Guest Stars:
yea ik it is, and 8th graders aren't aloud to go to homecoming either
Hello JC Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
saw you're at NewSchools summit. if you have time, would love to chat about EWA.
CARLTON LIVINGSTON Rocking Steady
Watching workaholics for the first time. Funny as shit.
#GodBlessAmerica cannot imagine this city 10 years ago remembering all the heros from 9/11
that too.
#WelcomeToDetroit where its only like 2 houses on a block cause someone set the rest on fire. DETROIT CITY.
Isn't there mercury in a Kindle?
illusions can still make a good memory:) reality is preferred most of the time tho....but there are those times hm
I can't believe MSN had an article saying they thought Joaquin Phoenix was pranking us by his behavior on Letterman.
OMG i don't want to talk to you ! either you talk about your ex or you ask me to send you pics. leave me alone ! i don't like you !! d:<
I lost my VB match again, pretty soon you won't be able to fxck wit this Illness. Hey humptydumbpty, don't fall and crack the Crack all ovr
That doesn't seem like the best way to show someone they're wanted in #Dallas. DWILL in MavsBlue sounds good to me tho
"We've had several NHLI Alumnae come back to the Kennedy School to earn degrees"- Debra Iles Associate Dean W/
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!
Yay! Finally bck to my NYC "winter" weight. Next goal, "two-piece" weight. Then the real push, "wedding season" weight.
-I love you to Camillie Just Know Monday gne be da best first day EVER even if you gotta deal wit me ALL day till you leave
Mom: I think white guys are missing swag, like a lot of them don't have it.
A7: Think about the organizational team that needs to be created to offer cloud services.
And now the world knows why Ron Paul will never win.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR, GETS ME OVERWHELMED
Both these teams fucking blow
/two thumbs down
I'll fill you up with me and make you explode in ecstasy.
I see these are twitter tweak hours lol
Here we are passionate about social media! What are you most passionate about? -CS
was going on I saw one of your videos yesterday while I was down at I was at Olivet university and wanted to chop it up
Is anybody else in #maine tired of the rain? Which #Portland is this?!
o YUMMY me want i am drinking alone ): ahaha #tipsytweet lol
Song 9: One That I Love "King of Majesty, You're my Destiny, my heart longs for You; I love You!"
wow, twitter w/o Bret... what will the world be like?!
The fact is that ours is the first generation that can look disease&extreme poverty in the eye..." - Bono via
:) Just tried out for Chorpus Christi Idol. I was the first one! I was so nervous but in the end it was so fun! :D #prayin that i made it
Ever since watching glee the other night I've had Shake It Out by Florence And The Machine stuck in my head for the past three days.
FYI: A motorcycle tilted 45 degrees is only fun when you're deep in the twisties.
yeah I'm going to see it this weekend! How old is he?
So, ugh, I did seriously consider a gin and tonic when I got home... and we were out. So I should have done it :)
STOMP THAT BITCH!
I see some ugly fucking people at work .... Daaaaaammmmmnnnnn
Love Nike+ : What do you use? Daily Mile, RunKeeper, Strava, Endomondo, or something else? To track your runs, rides, etc?
Finally stopped raining long enough 2 do a bit of gardening“: Mostly Cloudy <U+2601> 63.0ºF Humidity: 47 - Wind: West 16.1 MPH”
I feel this is gonna be a big week.
Just saw #theAVENGERS !!! GOOD AS SHIIIIIT. and #HULK was the best character!! Went TOO HARD !!!
new devices -- target individuals with ads that are relevant, about ads they really want to get - Tim Street
my tri-monthly twitter update
EXACTLY! We deserve this SO much. And plus, the boys love chicago.
Some people are settling down, some people are settling & some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies<3 -Sex & The City
Miranda Lambert is freakin awesome! Idc I like country music, they are the only music channel that plays music videos
I will be the best at what I do I refuse to be anything less then that
I'm sorry if i haven't followed all of you back yet! I will soon..when i'm done with homework that is..
LIES I LOVE HIM MORE!! Lmao hes mine :)
I wanted yumyum a month ago!
recently 1st msg rec'd fr young lady was "here's my # give me a call" i never did!
why? whats up if I had owned a 360?
Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
Congrats to everyone on their hard work for the #Holiday #Show. The #PerformingArts group at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism is amazing!
its a Belgian style wheat beer made in Quebec. I butchered the brewery name with my excellent touch type skills
Good afternoon and a ramadan mubarak to you.
re:teasing - you obviously ended up just fine. I think a lot of that childhood BS builds character.
{A computer is the most perfect tool for an editor.}
I'm craving a pellegrino oranciatta. Thanks for the good times. #friends #
I'm responsible for what i say, I'm not responsible for what you understand goofball......
Hello followers! We've moved this Twitter feed a teeny bit, pls. follow us (again!) at Same great EWG food + water news. Thx!
That's about the worst advice you could give someone tbh. Bye.
i actually had a good Friday the 13th. <U+2665>
and i know that you can find the time. indulge me. your cherry lips linger on mine.
The good news of Jesus Christ isn't meant to just be preached on a platform or stage. It is meant to be preached from our own mouths & lives
I'll come back when you call me.
Ahh, this is hard to watch
We lose power once in a while, but we would love to just depend on others less. Huge garden, chickens for eggs etc. We try!
I used to tell him Frisco cats weren't the only ones who could make a dope weed song.
By His stripes we are healed.
Does Rondo make the shortlist of your Dumbest Man in America segment tomorrow morning?
“: The hardest hitting safety in the league.” Rodger's gonna fine you for retweeting that......
does that mean I am just a mediocre Casting Director?
that's my #olw for 2012 ! excited to see what you're launching
lol he's as great as ever! We finally got moved to LA. :)
When people tweet every five minutes.
Its too early to be alive.... gawd.
I'm that kind of girl who will be everybody's friend!I won't judge you buy your look,I'll judge you by your personality.
or zombie highway lol
#erl12 Disagreement on whether ERMS features that have superseded your ILS? Complimentary & do give some info not in ILS
5-Hour Energy #commercials would be more effective if they were less specific. I don't really get tired or have stuff to do in the afternoon
Remember to keep your mindset high and your eyes on the prize the only one stopping you is YOU! #manifest your #dream into #reality #today!
What type of dog would that be?
OK I'll try. Was late today because of GAAD but heading out shortly :) I did post pics already btw :)
i agree suburgatory is the best
show is at 4p still. having web person change it back.
was it ever?
dj Tiesto or Armin Van Buuren?
#stm2012 how can publishers demonstrate that they value academic customers-partners?
GOOD LUCK, TYLER. :)
The small bit I'm doing here helps, so I recommend it.
: When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet & use that. That can be your gateway drug to harder stuff.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
Never argue with an idiot; people watching may not be able to tell the difference.
Learning something new every day- like how to avoid paying tolls
are you going?
Change of plans I will start at 55 and king at 10 and walk to Tribune Tower where I will do a interview on the John Williams WGN Radio show
What "radio spot" means to Fox is "crosswords in the parking lot"
That's for the weekend....and anything that usually starts for free doesn't end for free
Can I have a s/o please
Knock! Knock! Who's there? Ice cream soda! Ice cream soda who? ICE CREAM SODA PEOPLE CAN HEAR ME...
have not been spending much time on twitter but that all going to change miss all my friends n fam!
Unreal. Metro public comment ends with Spock quote: "logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."
On my way to laguna beach #winning lol
Where does Maury find all these scum bags?
It's just so damaging for investigative journalism when reporters are caught lying. It's not about Apple anymore, but all about Daisey.
Problems are God's way of keeping us from being bored.
~Just finished watching Never Say Never with my lil man. I love that kid!!
Greinke versus Lincecum sounds much more appealing
Think your day was hard? Women in sub-Saharan Africa spend 40 BILLION hours a year walking to fetch water. #Women'sEarthAlliance
any shot at UK championship T's?
With the exception of exterior stuff & contractor's jobs, this house is DONE. I have moved onto the fun stuff: shopping. Lots of shopping.
thanks for the retweet love, keep up the good work
Maybe there wouldn't be so much flooding in manhattan if new yorkers weren't already completely self-absorbed.
so many things left unblogged D:
ah I thought since is here and you said ToT you were here and you guys are attached at the hip...so yea
Thanks for watching Robbie!
Pretty jealous of everyone at #SOURCEBoston today. Lots of great #infosec tidbits coming out via Twitter. Thank goodness for hashtags! :)
Dumb niggas cant see shit in plain sight i got 3 eyes !
and not too much syrup otherwise ull sound crazy in ur lesson tmrw
Boys these days.
thanks for the mention. See you at the show!
Chapter 3 is up. onto another
Las Vegas weather is always
Money on my mind
I will only complicate you
thanks for the follow!
its coo, how have you been
is at the firehouse today. Going to miss Mid-Week Blend tonight.
Ready for a nap
dear dogs who live next door: if you continue to bark every morning at 7am and never ending, i will learn how to psychically melt you.
Amazing how cold Ryan Anderson (NBA's most improved player this season) has been in playoffs....he looks scared to shoot a three
do you stay positive in light of cdc's "news" today? i am just so sickened by it all
Haha. Well, it can only be so awesome without one of our shirts.
Small (Texas) world!
The singers in F Factor were the truth! Thank you for letting me hit your stage.
Has anyone noticed that gas had gone down?!
Is there some special wine that goes with that? Neat trip!
its just 2 funny when niggaz lie right in front of my face.........that shizz is just 2 funny 2 me
I didn't realize the chiefs were wearing black and white today!!!
So choose more often to enjoy, and happily experience life on your own enjoyable terms.— Ralph Marston
Rainy day in MIA
Hold on to whatever you find, hold on to whatever will get you through.
cool thanks!
Soo excited for mexico
Do you need a new bike for the 5 boro? we have really great bikes for sale www.spcarbon.com or search on Craigslist for SPCARBON
Anyone have a bass guitar they can loan me for a week or so?
Bears, sharks, and cannibals also pose threats, why not attack them!?
“: The #ABQ Downtown Growers Market is now on Twitter. For updates on their food, music & art follow ” Done, thanks!
Today is the day! 4pm at Schenley Plaza in Oakland
I have been great!
"Only God knows how much I loved you." --Gabriel Garcia Marquez
You would think that the Secret Service would be more secretive when being serviced! just sayin'
Short and plump
building facebook ads all morning. any insight?
I will be on the other side, Uecker lot, way easier to get out of. Where are your seats?
already we need to colab on something
For the Ebook Version the ISBN Number is 978-1-4535-0820-3 again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio
- i would love to see the UFC in the #CLE!!!
Every time I see a photo of the shuttle getting a piggyback ride by a jet, I'm surprised it works. Doesn't seem like that should fly.
ima call u frm my moms phone answer it!
u owe me $5
When we hang out, can we go shopping?! I still have a F21 giftcard to use.
Looking for some NYC/Brooklyn #models #modeling for #photoshoot. Saw some terrible #photos at go see appts for
Finally drinking the Alpine Lager I got at Super Ball IX. Its a canned Canadian beer in the disguise of an American Macro Lager
You know there are actually 6 games in a set right?
"There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Looking for a Spotify invite!
nope been in a rap mood today:) listening to obie trice:) haha
Gonna straighten my hair
Woo hoo! (yes I just said that outloud in my empty apt and my cats looked at me funny)
I know I hadn't noticed how lucky I actually am I'd die if I see Austin shirtless lol
True Value emphasizes merchandise moves - Home Channel News True Value emphasizes merchandise moves Home Channel News LED lights is takin
Am I the only one who thought Noam Chomsky was dead? (He's not.) Also, I need someone to explain his entire oeuvre to me in shadow puppetry.
Austin is beautiful.
what do you think of the #NewFacebook?
My dad left to go back to North Dakota. :'(
only in texas is the bar connected to a bbq shop lol
is happiest with her silly family. <3
Wow bad call clearly went off Harden
for nostalgia's sake, i tried to find the commercial from last year when they did the tweet insta-tv-spot thing. gone.
Welcome to Twitter! :)
not to hard on her doe
are you and the boys gonna go to 's show on the 11th? I would love to hang out again! (:
YES! my moms irish but born in the uk, and raised their till she moved to the US. with my daddy whos from spain. :)
Your beauty and love chase after me every day of my life. I'm back home in the house of God for the rest of my life. (Psalm 23:6 MSG)
New number inbox me your number if I had it.
miss lls. Plz don't fuck me up. You still ain't txt me yet and I inboxe u my number twice
So P Kane likes to drink. In other astounding discoveries, the sky is blue.
New website will be up soon stay tuned
Wish I would have said hi to you!
In our system leadership is by consent, not command
Indeed. I'm quadrilingual but I do think that programming languages count so I'd be closer to octalingual! ;-)
we're looking forward to the golf tournament! I'll be there... Glad we could connect here.
Dare you to MOVE! Great way to start the NEW YEAR @
hmm well at least you realize it. most people are like im going to be the next wayne or whatever
Thx for visiting #Dell for lunch & tour of our #SocMe Center w/ Fun!
I know its a pain but its the best we can do until the hotel finishes expanding the hhonors network to that area.
In last few days, heard about at least 5 libraries in area hiring LIBRARIANS. yay! Gavilan. SRJC. SJPL. DCPL. CCSF (where i work). +1 more.
My mom says every time Adam Sandler shows up with his striped athletic jacket, she thinks he's wearing a tallis. If only.
man, u really are a true new yorker
pigeon droppings are unsightly and can cause disease, lets get it cleaned up Vegas
you got the ready for the boys???
#georgeallen > you are answerable to human beings everywhere and to all Virginians for callG someone else a #macaca = monkey.
I loved your potato baby
Congrats to all the #gamechangers - especially our Exec Director, Katie Salen ().
Hello LA
It's tacky to discuss prices <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> f.y.i.
Love the Bow on the back of red dress!
that awk moment when some black guy in dunkin just comes up to me & kate and says "for two white girls you look good" LMFAOOOOO
WTF HAHA HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER FOR 7 MONTHS AND I GOT WAY LESS FOLLOWERS! I SEE HOW IT IS! xD I STILL LOVE EVERYONE ON TWITTER!<3
hahaha I feel bad for the people around you right now....
“: RT “: Justin who”Jenkins He grad today for 345... We grad together silly” lol HAA I'LL SCREAM FOR U
New This Week | Seven new jobs and four new online learning opportunities. Find them on the Programming Librarian homepage.
Munich....off to #exacttarget office in the morning....
O, me WANT!!! Someday, when we stop moving around the world...sigh...
Moderate profits fill the handbag. Have a fun day, my followers!
I'm cheap, man.
": Okay, future boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now."
What I thought- "Ah Baltimore County overcrowded schools.. Thanks for giving me so many stories over the years"
“: The Redskins know they LOST salary cap room -- right? #SnyderMoneyTrees” its Ol Danny Boy. he still hasnt figured out football
2 more days until Lawerance and Brooke White!
Yes, as a matter of fact I do come home and take a 3-4 hour nap, EVERYDAY after school. Complain some more, see if I care.
I just want to marry Louis Tomlinson.
The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
U.S. missionaries in Haiti charged with child kidnapping
I am already a friend of Lauryn's sister, China Anne McClain at
Jordan over Ewing, enough said
looking for all my friends to come out starting next week to knock on doors hold up signs and better our city with me. votehenrybrim.com
dude I love the art!!
more followers please
thank you for following us! Welcome to the team!
Just saw a cyan Lumia 900 in the wild. Holy crap.
Guess who's seeing the Avengers on Thursday?! :D
cool Carlos! Thanks for testing out the tweet. Cool trivia right?
Chick-Fil-A 2 classic Chicken Sandwiches, 1 fry, and a lemondade
Goodnight <U+263A>RT : Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
That's cute! We'll promote your Kickstarter project. Good luck!
Convo touching on lunch counter exhibit at American History Museum & getting an identity given to u at Holocaust Museum.
RT : ABQ all I can say is WOW! What an amazing night! Can't wait to come back!!
Happy birthday to my lil brother <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
All you bitches want the DICK(;
RT : Let's agree that the phrase "daredevil sport" is outdated and cheapens the commitment of people involved in action sports.
Thursday at 6. At 1505 east Carson street. 40 bucks a ticket. Email
I totally agree.... I see no sexual chemistry at all!
heard they going for 150 and 250
of all the addictions in my life my addiction to the em-dash has been among the most harmful and hardest to break--you can always add more!
haha, I'll still say it!
Wuzup wit it lil bro need to come visit so we can get double cupped up !! Foolie!!
They sell out every time they are here. People love them.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with skipping J. Cole, Kanye, and Hov for some old school Alan Jackson, sometimes it's just right.
Of course everyone cares.
Actually mine too. I have a Mach 1 Mustang though, '69 in fact wih a 428 SCJ engine....
Things will never be the same. I feel like dying.
pineapple and captains
Florida State Senator Dave Aronberg has been continually updating us about this legislative session and thinks a special session is looming.
I have to finish a essay write a report and learn 2 new choir songs for and audition
follow alreadyy !:D
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
P.S. if you get a chance this wk, wanna grab a double-cupped coffee and crank out that laptop sticker for me? Holla @ me Wed/Thurs
the power of pets! I told my mom I had adopted him and she flipped out hahaha. I love him and might not give him back :/.
Thank you so much! “: I voted for you at lunch today!! GOOD LUCK!”
Henry Jenkins - cultural engagement provides a bridge to political engagement, particularly among those who didn't grow up in activist homes
I feel you I got a straight up hangover
Next time I move I will make sure to ask the real estate agent about children next door, that is a deal breaker
LOL...yep, his secretary
Prenatal testing is NEEDED b/c of difficult pregnancies; in detecting birth defects, maintaining health of baby & Mom
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. -Walt Whitman
A 45-minute vigorous workout can help you get three times the net calories burned compared to the same 45 minutes spent walking.
i love you all soo much
A Like or a RT? Which means more to you?
Women who dont take care of their kids shouldnt be able to celebrate Mothers Day!
make sure you bring cash and get a dozen!
When men strike up conversations with me, they always seem to assume my occupation is "hair stylist".
I'm intrigued, tell me more about The Voice That Makes My Day series.
today's lesson (not unique): organizational culture change is hard. very tricky when not everything can be said out loud.
I have to give all of the credit to CJ Spiller being back in the starting lineup.
thanks for the follow. enjoying your work on the black radio project!
RIP Don Cornelius
Congrats on the 25 lb weight loss! :) How'd you do it? And thanks for following! Have a happy turkey day! ;)
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
aww thank you sis :) only the beginning
people kill me that only play lotto when it gets really high-i guess the ten million dollar starting jackpot just ain't worth the hassle!
Oh damn
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.4 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.3 global. After 37 weeks it's still playing on 20 screens as of 1/29. OSCAR!
Thanks to Bob for calling in to the show, and for voicing his opinion to his local government, despite a unprofessional reaction!
Smitten like a kitten
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend
You Can Tell In The First 5 Minutes Of Meeting Someone Whether Or Not You Will Dread Seeing Them Again.
Rhymewise, suggests "Beryl & Saul Levitz," which would totally work if you were writing an Allan Sherman song.
Heading to the studio ..
Seagulls are starting to swoop at me!
My pleasure Linda (MM)
Lynn Spring Waters, will be opening a new water plant in Lima, CO March 1st to service out customers in the mountain states
Happy to be in warm San Diego for #SEM21!
#Coffee at 3pm is the BEST!
Good ideas! I got a coach purse for my bday, they r great!
civilian and flight suit
where are you from ?
I would love to see that.
So learn how not to go to sleep Lbs
No me gusta.
Just got this DVD I bought from amazon. amzn.to/iCPEH8 Who's gonna watch it with me?
#CoachellaLive Great sunset'''
This Massage chair at planet fitness &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Only 14 more days...but who's counting:)
It was a solemn honor to gather in memory of Nassau Police Officers Michael J. Califano. and name his hometown street in his honor.
2nd State productions still accepting crew resumes -
Wrapped up #queertheory today in #thehumanevent; now, onto Black feminist thought w/ Lorde & Collins
I'm feeling a little under the weather today, but Cory, shop husband, is filling in to save the day!!
I'm still editing photos. 26000 photos my friend...
I'm da man who just dnt give a Fuck
I'm ok. Thanks! What a scary day!
Learning and loving my new Genesis S-310 gas grill. It's a sweet machine.
more like epitome of a #crazyperrson. =P
I'd take that bet on the Bears any day - Bears got this game on lock down - of course I could be wrong but I doubt it lol
well look who's following me...can it really be true. We should celebrate :)
do you like the sweet smell of an old persons clothing?
I feel bad that I don't have enough money to bid on a lunch with you for charity :-(.
can't even begin to tweet what I'm grateful for this 2nd day of the new year because it's a whole lot more then 140 characters! <3
seeing young Brian Billick, Mike Nolan and Rex Ryan as ravens coaches is pretty cool
yup someday im going to write a story about you guys And you have a better relationship life than me cause I miss it
True. And everyone's had issues. Though none of them have been nearly as comical as all the dead air during the launch...
Thank You everyone for following us. Stay tuned for our new website and media!
Best-kept PDX secret: Cartola Coffee House, on NE 7th between Knott & Stanton, which makes the most voluptuous caffe lattes.
haven't been to tavernita yet.. Mercadito I know is legit
First Transformers. Now Battleship The Movie. What's next? Connect Four: A Tale of Sixteen Chips
Philosophy = understanding the assumptions? The water in which we (and others swim)?
Interview tip: Arrive early... but not too early. 10 to 15 minutes is appropriate. 1 hour is not.
Hines Ward retires, Peyton Manning to the Broncos and we're still days away from the draft. It'll be an interesting #NFL season this year!
Haha! Thanks for following both!
I feel like I'm watching drunken three stooges
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IDOL <3
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen my manager tell me I don't have to work later tonight.
WOW - I am asked for my honest opinion, I think an open dialogue is happening, and I'm called mean/nasty/evil #ucanthandlethetruth LOL
Partying at #clubsecret..!!! Tipsy out !!!
I can't wait to hear what you think of what other women think of what other women are wearing.
- Sylvia Woods, reps of Red Rooster, Billy Mitchell from the Apollo, and more 1st class Harlem royalty in the house!
bronson How do I get my laser to work on my airsoft gun? ;P
to everyone who gave up on words with friends....you lame.
M sweet potato pie. :)
I felt the same way today!
#swag to the max!
well there are, be we just left:(but theres alot of great people performing. Oh!And u have to be 18..thats important. XD
me either
Mahalo for your review ! "RT: Discover Hawaii Tours on #Yelp: My friends and I did the tour covering Pearl Harbour..."
Good morning all. Many thanks for following me:
sounds pretty awesome! Are you a full-time musician? What kind of show was that on?
Back from Philly watching NCAA practices for Villanova, UCLA etc. Go Wildcats.
that ain't shit to be telling people lmao. you wore a famous nobody joint?
Goodness it is early! Sorry we have been MIA! Busy this holiday season with parties and gifting and most importantly YOGA!
Afterwards, he tried to make amends by telling me that his wife is a librarian...
Becoming disturbed -_- you know you're sick but you keep coughing all over the place and not cover your mouth ugh
sounds like a plan :) I am still rearranging.. it's great to have the ability to organize so many levels of people :)
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song!?
Don't forget to pick up some Stinky Gringo Margaritas for your game watching pleasure!!!
Thrifty Thursdays $2 off craft cocktail ft small plates! Smitty in the Bar!!
They're trippin over Amy Winehouse.
Everyone needs to follow . It's freakin hilarious
More thoughts on what it takes to be a good Cauldron and/or #SportingKC fan? I have a class project and looking for feedback.
playing fifa09 ps3
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Goodnight Bacon, and Click, Clack, Bacon
Boston peeps!! Newton is in Beantown! Come to the first of our form clinics tomorrow (4/11), 7:30 AM at Marathon Sports' Boylston location!
im good thx... And nothin new really... I mean im not really sure what to say LLN !
just saw the google maps car <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm working on this! :)
is about to get off work and wrangle my crazy doggie
": I might see dhat lil ugly nigga " y'all hoes took too long
On behalf of #Shakespeare's bday, tryn to comprehend Richard I
go Finn! that's some falsetto!
The best thing about working an overnight shift? Drinking a beer before 8 in the morning, knowing most people are at work right now.
I can barely contain my excitement
Oregon Primary being held today. The State Elections Division has reported that turnout has been 32% Republican and 30% Democrat.
good idea abt moving to an island...LOL I.shudda thought of that..
Still waiting for to translate various gang signs (Marshawn L style)
Great preso on Social & Mobile by Apppssaavyyy yesterday!
Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun. Then I stepped out and was cold. At least it looks nice out :)
Oh wow...just hit 1000 followers...now only 19,999,000 to catch Lady Gaga
We're speaking to a woman now who worked with Captain Clayton Osbon, the pilot who lost his mind on a Jet Blue flight...
Seriously though, waking up every day and sitting the beach without a care in the world? I could handle that, EASILY.
We're developing simultaneously. We think a truly effective social app should be cross-platform.
If you support "Say NO to Black History", you should fucking unfollow me right now
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular. Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
its okay my friends and family dnt understand my obsession for
Indiana with 7 fouls, meaning Wisconsin is now in the bonus. UW up 65-62.
that's cool. I didn't want to go.
Um qoinq to bed !!!!
maybe if you'd close the stall door?!!?
Bring the doubters on, They don't matter at all. <3
rip beastie boys
has it really been 3 yrs since ur last CD? Have I really been deprived THAT long? But ps- totally digging acoustic Not Over You
I like being single, I'm always there for myself
At the right place at the right time...
yep happens everywhere when u least expect it - still sux so sorry
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, w/out you we'd just be discarded into a tissue or sock.
it took me an hour of watching tron to get to the first sentence i understood.
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
#Freelance Recommendation: = Toggl. Best/easiest tool for tracking time.
Sitting in a strange position for an hour, and feeling like you will die when you try to stand up.
Producing shirts that say "Hook up with me, I'm STD free!". Getting people laid and saving the world from STDs.
really liked the mixcloud session from 4mo back. Great transitions. #tejadaislegend lol I thought you played DnB?
Listening to historical fiction audiobook "Frit Gennem Jylland" by Martin Jensen, as a podcast from Tusind tak DR!
Oh, lol #WHAM that sucks.
Miss Piggy was a double fister Cc:
eating yogurt
Peeps, we are up the elevator to the penthouse bar!
Thanks Great preso from at the Seattle Chamber lunch!
So my mom just made it official I'm going to mexico this summer! <3
R.I.P. Dick Clark. He made staying up on New Year's worth it!
such a great movie!!!
Grrrrr. Bike thieves are THE worst. Bummer :(
best suggestion of the day. RT : RT : French Onion soup..perfect in this weather! Try it w/some..Belgian beers..
Lol Nope I Never Knew Just Knew You By KayKay
Your product doesn't need a slick visual design to succeed, it needs a designer.
i can't wait! I want christmas now! <U+2665>
The day after my due date :) Perfect timing
“: Today's thought: The wisdom of Jesus in me helps me prevail over all my trials & challenges.”
Montel Harris dismissed from football team is HUGE news.
El Diablo Dark Roast- This blend presents a caramelized sweetness with a low acidity. A lasting impression of molasses and malted barley...
I'll be comin out swinging, like tiger woods wife
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens! Feedback is always appreciated :)
": Wtf is a #twug?" >>>>>>>And i thought this meant a twitter thug lol
kongratulations and good luck!
Startting to get Sleepy .
went to dinner with my uncle and seriously contemplated just eating them for dinner. Next time I won't pretend.
Catch us THIS THURSDAY AT HENNESY's in FANIEUL HALL!!!!!! It's going to be a party.
\ PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU!! TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Come to reality.
Gotta go to church
you weren't there..?
Today is a new day , no bull shit no drama no people that i cant trust i need people in my life that are positive not negative.
I wonder if big k could c me would he approve I think he will
i barwly no what happened n found it quite amusing
I would really like you in my life, come back!
I lost 20 pounds walking to McDonalds and eating 2 items on the dollar menu! No soda!
Nothing but bad news since I sat down at the computer. I give up.
"what do you get when you go to bed at 7:45?" (oompa loompa voice) "wake up at 1:45am with a weird dream about your brother" doopity do
RT : See you tomorrow at the Milwaukee County Winter Farmers Market!
Veterinary Services? Pet Clinic? Animal Clinic? Not sure... I'm just guessing.
have a nice day guys! :]
Matt Dodge just passed Cliff Lee as the most wanted man in New York
National Grilled Cheese Day ~ But I had mac & cheese!
#RandomFact: The human brain has the capacity to store everything that you experience.
we do! Give us a call!!
Follow for up to date specials & deals. Social media can be such a great resource!
2: Dance in the Dark
keep up the hard work! #SWMadison #family “: Founders are drinking strong bow and debriefing/planning :D whatup!”
Quite a motley crew at octopharma today, as well as a surplus of byx guys
I've looked at WordTwit Pro by BNC, but looking at what options are out there.
Thanks to my friends for kicking my butt and trying to help me look hot.
Was suppose to leave to miami today grrrrrr
heaven, dont think i didnt hear you and molly if thats your dogs name doing some stuff last night
Spent the night w my daughter @ the gym, choppin it up about the Bible, then crackin up on some "GuyCodes"...
Me too! Also because I just love DC...
Love the early spring warmth. Not excited about springing forward in the dark this morning.
RNG & MOS WANTED ARE SAFE. MY EMOTIONS!
Elisha Cook Jr. steals the show in The Killing (1956) as a wimped-out hubby desperate to please his two-timing wife with a big load of cash.
good, just hanging out with my kid. We went hiking yesterday, it was fun but exhausted. What have you been up to?
Lol RT : Any girl who doesn't want a dick inside her has mental problems.
LongAsWeCanLivInHarmony SONG OF THE DAY:WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS By WAR
You won me over a lil bit, twee Indie folk duo. Just a lil bit!
Epic RT: : Almost went completely mental making way too many parts I liked ...so I had to make two different versions...
lol aww have you had to use that before?
hey I was...yeah have nothing to make up lol
Had a GREAT time playing music w/ some of the Bays best this morning life is good!
34 followers needed please help!!!!!
I wish these clubs I don't ever attend would stop posting shit on my page...
DON'T miss a BOOK called 69 OBAMA lie's..
First basketball game today....so exited...watch the F out Aliamanu...fckn Waialua is coming to kick ur fckn asses ! !
I'm really excited to be working with a real ad agency - Acropolis in Orlando. Cheers to that!
my jeans are so ripped that I have to wear leggings underneath to school or I'm showing too much skin.lol
Oh Restoration Hardware, if I could just afford everything I want. Even the outlet store is expensive.
at least with the new background check they make their clients go through all the rapists went to eharmony
Who wants to text me? ;*)
sweet see you then!
Damn they cheating 4 Miami 4real #PacerNation gonna still win this game
#WeAllNeed to get rid of our tattoos!
Thanks! Can't see it where I am. Looks so beautiful!
Anybody know how to get custon snow globes made?
Hey mom. Im ready to go home.
glade i didnt get no fs on my report card happy as hell
RT : . finishes second to China's Wu Peng in the 200m fly at the
Shit like that is why i hate everyone getting a twitter. I cant vent because apperently i'm "talking shit".
yeah I lol'd p hard at that one
Enforcement Element: Law or Contract - "I agree to . . ." according to Smedinghoff
triple six is my number you can get it off my tumblr.
#shoppingday with mom!
I'm in PA and I know right I def wanna come out there
as opposed to Dunkin? Dunkin Donuts is a disgrace to all things donut. Also, worse than littering!?? WHAT???!!!!!
Just surveyed streets that are no parking zones already. Maybe more to come
Can't deal with this rain curlin' up my hair. Grr...
just gave props to sports bloggers for constantly linking to each other and sharing audiences to build relevant traffic
Hey Jostein, amazing meeting you the other day and I'm so glad you liked our film industry analytics idea.
Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, Mad men.....I love being transported to another time/world....
RT : The only thing you need to give up to get what you want, is your story about why you can't have it.
not surprising. When struck with facts he replies with juvenile and silly retorts.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS English - We Speak It. History - They're dead get over it. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that Spanish - We Have Dora
No! Love working w/ u & know u will go somewhere great. “: I can't say how much this sucks! Sad beyond what I can express.”
You know who put together a great Bob Dylan playlist on ? , that's who.
RT": A big s/o to & for making last nights performance & after party awesome!"THX & UR WELCOME
Good morning friends! How are YOU doing?
I appreciate your beard
I really do not like plumbers. 'Nuff said.
Could not be happier to only have 2 more days of high school left!
Toasting to leap year with Brian Fleury 07 Lauren Bryce Cabernet. Fruit forward!
imma take a shower brb :)))
always a little something extra for loyal
hehehe! I got pretty sunburnt a couple weeks ago and I had sunglasses tan line!
Have a great time! Thanks for using ShowClix.
At girl scout fund raiser helping to fund Camp Foxtail. Great memories of that camp!
Girl rejected me in front of my friends and her's so I just said "HOLD MY DICCCCCCCCCCCCC"
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
thanks for the tweet :)
Where have u been
RT : Do you REALLY love a particular local business? Take time to write a great review on Yelp/Google/etc & share your story!
Aw thanx! Rite bak atcha! RT : You're Hott! : Compliment someone today...and mean it.
U cant believe the hype that people kick out on twitter
Hey Ellen Call Me! You make dancing FUN!!
Thank you! I can't tell you how much I wished offered a class like this.
I accidentally drew an inappropriate picture to a random girl in "Draw Something" thinking it was you...she ended our game :(
Just listen to a Steely Dan track :)
i had a weird dream last night.. i got an iPhone then my brother stepped on it...didn't even have it for 3 secs...i was pissed.
RT : BREAKING: New video of George Zimmerman from the night of his arrest surfaces. See it on #edshow tonight.
I do not enjoy going to the gym hungry
Congrats to on being named HBU athlete of the week last week.
One of the #rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel? Why or why not?
Lake Union - on Republican. Do I get a free bottle for this?
": Dam I hate it when he do that shit" )"
Craving barbacoa tacos from wish they had delivery
Streaming #NY on my #Android device at #Work .... sorry
Find Allergy Friendly Thanksgiving & Christmas Treats @ PFP! The BEST Selection of Allergy Friendly Holiday items in the Universe!!
I don't want to talk about it -_- I'm sill in pain hahahah
...ever hear a track so sweet, it makes you love life at that very moment?
IndyFRH (IndyFRH) thanks for the follow.
I disagree. Your image should not ALWAYS be above your headline.
your complaining is getting old...
Happy Easter!
A cookie throwdown? I smell possibilities. Call and let's see if we can make it part of our onion eating contest August 9!
Welcome to all my new followers!! Hope everyone had a great #WW!!
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get ~ Frank A. Clark
I like me a pot boiler but dayum
sorry i haven't sent the photos yet - crazy w/ work. as soon as i have a free fifteen minutes i will send!
Has some really great deals this week and all proceeds go to -the sponsor of
hahah! I'm sure you're not thatt bad;) I couldn't hit any of that girl's balls. She was beastt.
If the question is "how is your health," "I am well" (as opposed to "I am not well") is an appropriate response.
There's been some nice shots of the JW Marriott, home of the 41st ACUTA Annual Conference, during the Super Bowl. :)
if I get the DH grad course nxt yr, cd I really do an entire course on bk hist & DH & use images from Folger, etc? hmm....thinking, thinking
huh weird I was going to say the same thing...
that's some weird shit.
That's a high order.
I was tripping earlier, had time to think about it and get some things off my chest appreciate it bro...
I love talking to my followers at random moments #forsomereason :D
my zoooooey?? Ah I misseth you too! I will try to call you soon my punkin
You're welcome. Life is like a box of chocolates, some you like & others not as much :)
“: I don't either what I meant to say was yes” ah I see...well you're uninvited, sorry
,. Gordon thanks for re-tweet
I think you know what time it is...
Hoes only after the bank roll!!!!!!!
I've often thought the #iPad would replace the #MacBookPro, but after one day in a hotel w/o my #Mac, I know #OSX is still better than
Glad to hear that future release of Encore will have more customization options.
*hangs head down* RT : silly Jess, water turns to ice, you can't have both unless you mean "ice water"! ;)
Minister Alain Juppé will be in Washington tomorrow for G8 foreign ministers' meeting. Agenda:
At the Tower ready to see #Gotye- love this venue! I saw Lenny kravitz, Blind Melon, Jesus Jones & Stereo MCs here back in the 90s.
Overheard: Designers think they can code. Developers think they can design."
We fully believe that brunch is the most important meal of the day! From 11 to 3, full brunch and lunch menu, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas.
rough is an understatement
chill lil mama, you haven't called back
Congrats you two!
Happy #FF everyone!!
co-sponsors event ? Wine, meat, cheese in moderation = good living, right?
I think I broke my toe. There was tears.
Happy easter to you as well! We're recording new material right now, but will be looking to get back out there soon after.
Need a room while in Vegas? Don't forget about our $20/night poker room rate for just 4 hrs of play! Book now for the WSOP!
I know! Hah I hope you meet him(: when are you seeing him?
Ours too!
Yes, good, more YDS tweeters
#MyPastRelationship Doesn't bother me because I'm not a little bitch.
RT : For everyone that thinks Rondo accidently bumped the ref get a clue
Do these mouth breathers ever stop breeding? Geez!
The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the 4th.
Griffins Dunks are so Disrespectful smh...ya feelins do not matter,lol
listening to american idol
Going live with the boys, keeping the Iowa Caucus on in the background. Should be a funny night - zenlive.tv
Driver License renewal at 69 W Washington this morning at 8:30 took 5 minutes flat w/ eye exam and new pic. SecOfState FTW!
I love how you hate me so much and I never did a thing. Sometimes, guys are just too stupid. They don't se the girl who are truthful!
Tonight will = #euphoria!
Congratulations and enjoy NY
Another great speaker is CONFIRMED: Federal Highway Administrator, Victor Mendez, will be joining us in March!
oh my god I can flip bad people off in my HEAD, you guys!!
#walker appearances in #WI are showing up on #MKE How can he show his face here. John Doe #Milwaukee Co. ..Ahead are some of his worst days
Yeah, it blows. Makes me sad. Makes me feel old. Makes me hate fucking cancer.
A perfect game with 20k's(#MLB) a 20/20/10/10 quadruple double (#NBA), or a 300 yard rusher(#NFL), which would you rather witness?
Its not even her birthday
Relationships how they go: Strangers. Initial Conversations. Friends. Best friends. Relationship. Never talking to each other again.
We love Waco! Keep Music alive and strong there! Thanks Waco!
going to need a major recharge after this session.
It feels good to have a place in this world night lovelys :)
Harry Potter attraction plan at Universal Studios Is expected to cost 'several hundred million dollars,' create more than 1,000
I've been missing Can't wait for Food Truck Friday to be back!
I'm an interpretive planner for digital - it's a rare content breed ;)
Watching songwriter/artist Priscilla Renea, writer of "California King Bed" belt it out! Wow!!
Who should I write next?
i hate finals week.... all these papers, tests and projects.... i swear they are tryna kill us.
Thanks to our sponsors
Readin my signed copy of book. No wonder u climb things so effortlessly. Me, grade school gym/rope nitemares.
Another #cloudy day! :(
So in , if I want to play support more than damage, would I go Mesmer, Necro, or Elementalist?
Stay tuned for new mixtapes 1st quarter of 2012 from and
There's 2 aggregators, the open one you linked which is distrib search and IIPC specific one where we have the URL/time indexes
Bill Gibbons claims lack of resources to "babysit" plaza immediately prior to sending hundreds of officers/2 buses to evict
About to hit up the gym...
Stop by our friends at Upper 90 Sports pub tonight before or after the game for great food or a quick drink
What's ur name!?!?
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
The smell of hot pizza from is wafting to my desk. Apparently they're celebrating some Murrow awards. Nice!
Will definitely let you know :)
If you drink #wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
OMG. Why didn't anyone tell me that Lil Wayne is engaged.WTF
Whooohoooo!! <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E> “: Catheter domination. What up. #nursingschoolcansuckit”
I got the sweetest DM's.
Good & intense game
interesting article today comparing today's America to the end of the Ottoman Empire - "knowledge economy" = fail
SEO Richard - twitter.com/expert
wow that looks nuts. Is it a new stop on the tour/is the mountain accessible for anything outdoorsy and fun?
small victories=finding a box full of lightbulbs the same day all your lights burn out
Learn To Dance Salsa 8pm at Club Irie! Stop in Early & Purchase Your Ticket For "Mambo De Leon" Concert Saturday For Only $10!
just networking lol
I had no idea he was there until you mentioned it! I didn't get to talk to him at all yesterday. Good to know!
If you're over 60, u should have 2 take a drivers test every 3yrs. I'm sorry, I know it sucks.. but BABY BOOMERS is taking on a new meaning.
"Keep calm, move on"
Nutella and waffles <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
I drank coffee tonight. My skin will not be amused in the morning.
8 hours of interviewing for jobs. I'm pooped!
Thank you for following us!
Game 7....again. At least I'll be on a beach in Florida on Saturday....it might help calm my raging heart beat.
Her smile was a persuasive lie
DS: to all #Ravens players, thanks for a great year. Keep your heads up. Tough ending, but we'll be back next year. #RavensNation!
Did you know that 40% or more of a home's heating and cooling energy escapes through the windows?
Great to hear Jamey, glad you can make it!
Great time to be an LA sports fan- Kings, Clippers and Lakers FTW!
If you find out, let me know !
hit me up 7862036624
I'll trade you DS playoff XII's size 9 for them
it's both. You and Russ do the same shit and I would do, and I miss that.
That was a funny assortment of conversations!!!
Days are going by so fast the beginning is the end
I know. I must adjourn to the walkage, or face further eye-scolding wraths.
i aint saying you a gold digger ~
i just made chicken fried steak successfully... SUCCESSFULLY!
i been good living the vegas life im nocturnal now up all night sleep all day
you better be playing Craps (and winning)
Well of course she's gonna change her name a little when she's online.
Yepper about to go back LA Again!!!
I have a new found respect for people that do yoga, that was bullshit.
#Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for nationwide high school #athletes #marketing & #placement services information. #Mobile #media rocks!
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties. Doug Larson
Was I the only one who had Mcgraw-Hill textbooks in High School and found it very ironic?
extra happy ass lol
"Midnight in Paris" now at $44.9, having done $1.9 this weekend. It's a top 10 film currently being shown on 621 screens.
I refer to GPS being used by law enforcement for the purpose of public safety.
Ok lost my phone and just got the replacement today..if u have my number text me or dm me! Sorry
keep the tebowing coming
poolside with a stack of pain au chocolat from to keep us company.
ESPN breaks down Yankees opening Day, their rebound after an 0-3 start and The Mets at 10:30 tonight on Sports Net NY
have fun Rob!
Thanks for the #followfriday recommendation. I have you on my veterans list. Airborne All the Way!
.... Ah .. city residents "co-creating" solutions, engaging and inspiring each other to collective outcomes .. correct?
The #Dolphins are playing with heart! Very good to see. Matt Moore doesn't want them to draft
Whilst sitting in a meeting a fellow meeting dweller referred to an "email" as an memo. To this I say pass the typewriter.
At least they're not taking any chances.
Well now that you had your coffee its time to make me laugh!
Can't even wait for the new season of housewives of OC to start tmw!!!!
is it tomorrow?
bitch I will cut you. #BonQuiQui style!
Girls night tonight!
mhmm , im not kidding . she's going to be 19 (:
Yes! I will! I'll do it tonight after work.
Trip to Washington D.C. and New York City Next Week.
I have to keep it a secret :(
you know she can get it whenever. cus its whatever! LOL
#3 - Experienced true-believer organizes grassroots campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -
#Charleswoodson is an ass!!
We have the rooms for that!
such sharp advice. And maybe even more so today.
Love that one too!
Playing $2700 main event tomorrow. Got a good dinner, going to rest up. Prepared and feeling good for a live tournament tmrw.
Congrats to everyone who ran in the Pittsburgh Marathon! Personally I wouldn't run if my hair were on fire so I think you're all amazing!
Parent Teacher conferences today. Great turn out...Lots to talk about.
haha I love social issues except that boy that sits next to me and the one in front of Jared lol
I'm pretty frickin' awesome, but the best part is: so are ALL of YOU!
you don't need to thank us. We need to be thanking you for being such and inspiration in our lives<3
A woman just saw my DAM badge + offered to pick up threads from the gallery floors if she could see #YSLDenver early.
Thank you for the following!
Dying my hair tomorrow and then orland with adam. I need to get out of this house more often
okay :D
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Shows got a lot of potential... “: "I've been hunting hogs since Moby Dick was a sardine" #americanhoggers”
erica y does ur make up look like tht ,,,like ur cheeks r black...ctfu
: Choose life!
Chicharito's career is like Mexican women, they're only hot for a year or two max.
Texas has run it 10 times (for 6 yds) and thrown it 16 times for 95 yds. Teams that have thrown it more than 30 times vs Cal are 1-5.
Choosing to live because Warped Tour.
#sunbathing and #KOL you say?! I brought you up right. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
news that you're going to start requiring authentication through cable providers is just you caving to conformity and incumbents.
finalizing our April At Home Issue! emerging designers, high-design getaways, latest food news, fab fashion spreads. can't wait! www.944.com
#writingadvice I've been told to torture my characters. It's a challenge for me because I get to like them. but that doesn't stop me. :)
Say word—I re-ran last Sunday _and_ 31 May 2011 Believers' Meeting earlier today. I feel like fresh sunshine.
follow back?
Whea my momma at doe -__-
Hi Shannon, Are You Available to talk sometime today?
didn't know your body was so cold
Last post on firemartz.com is from 2007. Think it could use an update today.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
RT if you're having Mexican for dinner tonight!
It was awesome! where u excited when u heard tom?
This is amazing! Totally using this in class next week when we discuss the expense of overland trade.
Good you finally know what it feels like.
This morning, my 4 y/o god daughter added "I gather" onto the end of a sentence.
PLEAZE checkout my bros music video..supra-My dreams Are our Dreams..We're twin rappers..pleaze check it out!!
"We are programed for compassion, for heroism, for love." (From the TV show 'Touch')
Ratcheting up a 50 cal. to blow them away. Avert your eyes to the massacre.
Jane by Design was good
Juggling lots of balls in the air.
Love what Posted aboutme on instagram
I had a hard time getting excited about Libya until I found out they had a Square.
See you this afternoon; I'm looking forward to it!
By no means does bankruptcy mean broke!! It means u need to reorganize ur debt, but sometimes to even be in that situation means tht ur the
lmfao went to blow on the fried oreo & the powder flew all over me, i look like i dipped my face in cocaine!
check out ways in which can be beneficial to members of your group
I want to say no, but we will find out later today during Art & Anarchy
during lunch?
I am a bad person because people mean nothing to me. I have no attachments to anyone therefore I do not care for anyone.
Friendship is a 2-way street, you have to be there for the ones that have been there for you if you want to keep them around.
Really lookin' forward to Open House on 4/19 at 6 pm! Hear there's gonna be a Hop Bomb Red Ale released...
I hear you. I'll see if we can get something up pronto. #whiskeyjar menu in
I like your attitude, real talk I like how you think!
hey:)! Long time no talk troy whatsupp?!
They won
I would dominate that
CHECK OUT THE MOVIE SITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM & PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!!! NEED 1 MILLION SALES! UNIVERSAL STUDIOS IS DOING PART 2 !!!
If you have any events coming up let us know!
did that happen at chops 3? What?
Thanks, Adam. Trying to get this for 6, but may have to wait until 10.
Those that say you can't take it with you never saw a car packed for a vacation trip. ~Author Unknown
Feel like I got hit by a car. Unfortunately I know how that feels. :)
yes, you should. Get to it bc I'm busy on Twitter. RT it's noon, i should probably begin doing some work now
Remember to smile because, you never know who could be falling for it.
Wow the girl is lesbian. Big whoop! She's still the same person, people saying they're childhood is ruined.. STFU u make no sense
Detox your Saturday night hangovers tomorrow in my 10am yoga class :)
missed you this weekend! Couldn't find you.
Husband says #earthquake was 3.3. Felt bigger. Epicenter must've been close.
20 days to The Justice Ball: www.thejusticeball.org....DJ AM headlines
"There's a surprise in every box. Spoiler Alert: it's diabetes." I'm lovin' it,
This is the best thing in the world...
#lebron has good reason not to do the #dunk contest... every time he does a windmill, it blows his hairline a lil farther back
I might as well jump on the bandwagon. Herman Cain sexually harassed me too.
Who is hacking my twitter....
agreed! Why do I have to ask for water "without lemon" now to be sure?
My poor South Carolina brain doesn't understand cool weather this early.
Joy Division is such a great go-to band for design, up there with #Skinnypuppy etc
Is your Christmas shopping finished? Mine is, time to relax, oh wait! Still have to wrap em (Sighs)
For sure! No problem and thanks again. Looking forward to the next one!
or as they say, don't be sad it's over, be glad it happened at all.
thank you :)
I have no idea what you are talking about?
much appreciated :>)
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER! -Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
I cried b/c i had a stroke that affected the same side of my body when i was 31. took me back.
Two words. #ginger #kombucha Drink for life!!!!
Revising on wine might be a strategy that makes the problem more visible and therefore solvable in the morning.
Headed to Jackie's Packie on Rte 34. Anybody need a Mickey's?
WE'RE HAVING 13 CHILDREN
Upsets all-around the Bluegrass tonight... ER over S. Valley... M'boro over Letcher Central...
Don't hurt yourself, baby. Go ahead and let it out!
Hi David,Go see the movie "Bully" it's also a movement.
Haha Asian car siguro bay. Well most people here used car man for 1st haha
Tired, man...so tired. And sporadic, apparently.
Would I be too obvious with An empire state of mind?
I agree. I also think that not living in IN hurt. And I think sliding too far left hurt him as well.
I'd go with "continuous disintegration".
Just kidding. I don't care about basketball. :)
check your email lion!Bless!
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Mal with pj and deanna =)))
That Relationships where you can mess around, play fight, and tease each other(: >
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
lol, yeah..I'm fine, still breathing!
#FF People I enjoy debating with
Rocked my #jason wu dress on our engagement piks shoot :)
the news just told me Marilyn is getting the fuck out of here on Monday.
when is MBAV coming back on
mi dog hurt her leg:/ now she limpin.. still a G doe
Pretty great, right? Well beyond the usual "people just like sitcoms now" accounts in the trades.
keep it real!
I wish I had the power to draw whole Costco pizzas closer to me.
Spam bots have a special way of cheering me up. I of course want to be a better lover.
Need some iPad help. Cleared everything under Settings--Safari (w/ all windows closed), but suggestions still pop up in location bar.
Thanks for the retweet. Where do you practice ?
Horror In Edo: Oshiomole's Aide Shot Dead! - The Streetjournal
me :) RocRoyalFan add me
Just registered my script with the Writers Guild!
u found her? lol
Love that Sandy Roberts goes global for two days every year! #ausopen MC
It concerns me that people say they love there? Why wait until there gone to show ur love?
When Does our Shoe For Nike SB Come Out? :3
Turns out that the air harp is probably the most awkward instrument to rock out with....
Bundling custom tees & CDs for artists everyday. It just makes "cents", more dollars in the kitty at the end of the gig. Trust us, it works.
Love! RT : A mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself. Oprah Winfrey
I need to stop procrastinating...
Less than a week for the
who's bday ? yours or his ?
hey Vic it was good seeing u yesterday <3 I missed u hope u get time to relax
Whats up with all songs sounding similar?
Love is everywhere if you open your eyes and SEE. My heart is full.
Ah, don't censor yourself. Be you. Phooey on anyone who doesn't get it....
At for the "Flowers and Sound" Opening Reception Program.
What will become of the SkyMall catalogue when there are actually malls in the sky?
check out They've got a ton of ideas for you.
The widespread use of hard drugs by the elite class is actually scary to me.
#idol - Hollie was fantastic, great start to the show tonight
“: Congrats to Dr !” Agreed!!
GM Tweeps! Interested in our full lace wigs, weft/bulk hair? Email us for a free consultation at OR call 855-DRWIGGY.
#aaa2010 Welcome Reception tonight followed by the Business Meeting Come out to support the resolution on Howard's Anthropology Dept.
Shimmy shimmy yo shimmy yam shimmy yay.
eat hearty men, because tonight we dine in hell!!! Aka qdoba in bripple. You coming
haha girl which video?!?!
•...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
M Kyle's loaded baked potato soup is AMAZING!!!
#WeWereCoolUntil all the dudes in school had felt yo breath on they body
Well...we hope it's not true! ;)
Contact today to start your marketing campaign! Email blasts, Social media & Ground marketing & more! DM me now!
Also, still looking for those $25 donations. Help us reach our 25 donors per week goal!
APNewsBreak: Rev. Billy Graham, at 93, urges #NorthCarolina voters to support amendment to state constitution banning
Today 3pm #Detroit City Council will #vote on 4 proposed #CouncilDistrictsMaps. D3's map not expected to be included due to legal opinion.
A coincidence? I think not. Yes, new cup, good coffee. I'd take your rain and music, but other than that I too feel, yes, HAPPY!
i hate whn ppl say dey gonna do sumthin and whn its time for them to do it they dont even pic up da phone...mood:
RT : President , stop deporting #DREAMAct eligible youth today!
Your Son Is Amazing.! I'm Very Proud Of Him!(: Can I Get A Follow Back PLease.? Also You Should All Come Up To Columbus Soon<U+2665><U+2665>
Can one of my friends wake up and talk to me, I'm bored.
Real n*ggas f*ck with me and I don't give a f*ck who don't
i know right ! haha that tweet took me like 10 minutes...
Watching lebron make history
Sure! It's Revlon Lip Butter in Red Velvet. I'm obsessed with them.
Enjoying light lunch (gourmet pizza) at what promises to be a great #cni12s!
Pats up 3 with under 2 minutes to go..
Odd hearing people on the train discussing the "Paterno-Sandusky scandal." I'm happy to have missed all the gossip in London this fall.
Oh how I missed your online presence. Welcome back. :-)
That's what I get for reading his tweets. Now Iam in a jealous fit. Literally in contortions.
Ft. Myers! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600>Visiting family here - earlier this week we were in Bocca Raton area :) heading bk to #clt tomorrow!
new followers!!! thanks everyone
Awesome! “: ZBB was great this weekend. I am also a fan now. He was great!”
Naps on the train are the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0089>
Gotta be around more like me to feel accepted, cause life in the Midwest no longer is worth my investments.
Black History Month is a small but necessary tool dedicated to recognizing the struggles of black men and women.
Me myself & I is all I got in the end that's what I found out & it ain't no need to cry I took a vow that now on imma be my own
Traveling Greyhound. It's so chic.
RT : Thanks to for broadcasting tonight's performance. Thank you all for joining us. What a night! Time to win equality!
RT : I didn't make it to the gym today. That makes it 6 years in a row.
Hindustani Proverb~ Eating while seated makes one of large size eating while standing makes one strong.
I need to start eating with again. My swipe count is looking a little low.
Newmatic tomorrow night @ The Blue Martini Tampa, FL...then boarding the Rock Boat IV on Thursday.
. Acts like Madonna but listens to Merle
Oranges are like candy you don't feel bad about eating.
I would like to have my e-mail back..asap... and a new pass-word....
": Or know any ladies who fit that criterion, I got a dude for you to meet" hit up she might be interested
any Max B
"I don’t think I can call myself a 'radical', I think I’d rather call myself as 'change agent.'" via
Love is a strong word.
Really enjoying the Daily News!
heck to the no! lol
Ha the dudes eyes got soo big
what we have here is a aimple miscommunication lol.. N whats in June?
Really, guys? Fake rain for this movie? In Portland?
Just in case you haven't been online recently the #oscars are tomorrow! Who do you want to win?
agreed, We should plan something for this Friday.
House cleaning is necessary when you plan on inviting guest. Chás This...
I seriously think now is a good time to get a moped.
that's a GREAT reason :) thanks!
THE CHICAGO BULLS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA. PERIOD.
Yes! I include a list of #finaid and higher ed acronyms in day 1 handouts.
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs
I like their flautas! RT : no worries... During the week they have a killer happy hour!
Pierce will miss one.
just left mi masa C: had funn
Lebron tryna b like julius irving
Pay it forward
Just saw John Carter and I loved it! Just my kind of movie :) hope they make more!
If I'm weird around you, I'm comfortable with you.
I have no recollection of being read to by my parents after I learned to read. I was 3.
Guy just flirted w/ me by asking 4 a bite of my candy bar. I flashed my ring & he shook his head & asked why all the redheads are taken. :-)
Could be, but both he and the organization insist he's fine. I agree it's hard to believe.
Great night!! See you next weekend! RT : tonight with !
Wiz khalifa concert DID ONE THING !
welcome to California... everybody owes... always...
Still waiting for the Stimulus Package. Where oh where could it be....
Crazy game
George Hill not playing tonight. Sprained thumb.
ugh I love the movie Center Stage
my mob calendar is free from 11:30 to 1
When I think of Luke Kuechly I think of next Urlacher then Mike Mammula creeps in my head.
it ain't the same as the ding A ling
ya.. And apparently if your wife is pregnant she is still a mom, I called bs on that and she won.
Non-profits too often live the single life. They need to seriously date each other & sometimes get married.
I just wanna talk to Robby. I just wanna talk to my best friend.
Me: "Color in." Random dude: "C'mon, stay at the table man! We need your karma!" Me: "And I need to be around better players. Color in!"
I'm so angry right now hurr hurrrr adflkhsdlcnslcksf.
My go-to date outfit!
#FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follows and Move your way!
Oregon Ducks vs. Washington Saturday, Nov 6th @ 12:30pm PT, Eugene, OR TV: ABC | Internet: ESPN3 Tickets: SOLD OUT | Autzen Stadium Info
Got 40 racks stuffed down in my denim I
Bout to walk into this meeting & problematize both the middle and high chool science curricula for DCPS and CCSS. Gently though.
I Hate Bein Far From My Moms
Work then taking my baby girl out to have fun, I wanna take her to the beach :)
Pacers beat the heat... Wow
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Alicia Tamales from will be providing food at Taco USA book reading event. April 13, Brava Theater, 7pm.
800 followers, yes me.
I swear my brother gf sounds like my mom from far away
I beat you in the push-up competition, I beat you in the beer di competition. What else is left?
nope. I don't believe we've been introduced
“I don't know what's more tragic, knowing how to read and choosing not to, or not knowing how to read and refusing to learn.” <U+2015> P. Goldbach
#iphone / #ATT network is down. Awesome!
Neighbors moving out all around me. Where y'all going? We just signed another one! The party is just starting.
grocery shopping in #DC can be very tough. I've taken a rolling suitcase before... Zip cars or a friend's ride are helpful too!
Me, too! RT : Does tweeting your book every 60 seconds REALLY sell books? OP is curious.
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
RT : Are you ready for Beyonce?
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW: SLIS Summer/Fall Course Preview (+PIZZA) Noon-1:30 in the Commons
HAHA. alright then.
yo don't gas Chris like that lol
Your always sick. lol
Sales up, spending down
Gettin' ready for prom #2k12 We in here .
": BOW! 700 followers! Big S/O to everyone of y'all! Thanks for the support!" Hell yeah man!
Kobe dat nigga that's all I gotta say
#3WordsOfAdvice: #Start, #Market,
<U+200E>5. A sports team needs good players to be good; but good sports players will not play on a team unless it is good.. Catch 22 Blog
Thank you! RT: I Am becoming a HUGE fan of Jacket2 #Poetry (via )
wait my feed is from england. this is weird.
**Newest Update** Clark County (Las Vegas) with 18% reporting Sharron Angle 44.7% X Harry Reid 50.7%.
MARY LOU
Tomorrow is national blonde day!
Huh? First thing is you don't make the budget hole worse by handing out hundreds of millions in corporate tax cuts
Please pray for me about finishing the house :-) T/Y
Thank goodness hubby has day off and saw it, and I'm just doing a 1/2 day. Shots this afternoon though :(
Funny that my local supermarket was completely out of Doritos today. Hm......
It's alright. No one seems to have any idea on what they bug is.
I hate people who cop general release nike sb dunks then all of a sudden their self proclaimed sneakerheads.
I have a Clif bar and an iPod full of mars Volta songs. Hopefully that'll get the job done.
Goodnight all...time for some sweet dreams
it really doesn't matter so long as it fits properly and is firm. V has foam.
Giving up and going home. What a waste of time that was!
I know how it goes. I'm trying to plan a few days back in mke too hopefully in the next few weeks
Mind in place, heart in another..
I shaved my playoff beard and take full responsibility for the loss. My bad philly
Ppl need 2 stop watching
7-5 Cubs now. So pitching goes to shit when offense gets 5 runs, and hitting goes to shit when the Brewers only give up 2?
And I wonder if Petrino maintained his tradition and gave Jessica Dorrell a personalized T-shirt the night before dumping her.
I get from twitter a group of like minded professional educators with open sharing and collaborative philosophy!
Wishing all of our fabulous friends blessings and warm wishes throughout this Holiday season!
but I've got to find it. Because teeth ain't no joke. They impact your health a lot. Worth saving if you can.
You're a hit yourself RT In the stu makin hits
6 ways to help you go from proactive to reactive during a #PR crisis. #JMS481 bit.ly/twWoo9
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I see my friends and family doing well
Going to the Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati tomorrow...doing research for the sequel!
One of my most refined skills is yawning during a meeting without opening my mouth.
Can anyone Tell Me Where Is Moving ?'
I hate it here but who would I be to waste a good stamp
So excited about #personofinterest - John going it solo! #yikes !
Just went on a run. Feel good. Yeah (:
Is big data just a fad, or something much more profound?
A giant egg....wondering abouto ventilation in there?
#NP Zapp and Roger - I Wanna Be Your Man
The throw home and WYNEGAR DROPS IT! Simmons SCORES on multiple Twins errors! It's 4-1 and the Brewers still are without a hit!
Soul Journeys - Soul Journeys uses guided imagery and body sensing allowing you to communicate with your intuitive mind. You will be in...
email is such a problem for me too! Let us know if you develop a good strategy.
yeah, that's why you were staring, for a half hour before you told me.
It is hard to type while wearing gloves.
Perhaps it was the fumes from the silly string, but class was really great today. :)
All my best advice comes from The Sound of Music ;)
Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub
Pick up your yellow coupon books at participating stores, and get in on all the savings! Up to 50% off!
I know it too shid
Just heard that Vaginas are "Rated E" for Everyone! Guess that's the green light? Ready, Set, Go!
"Give me ur unconditional love, the kinda love I deserve, the kind I want to return" -Donna Summer-
Finally getting some rest! Feels soo good! Now putting all electronics away were I can't see them
I've been following Rob since the whole "water into wine"thing.
Ah need a new computer so badly!!!
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I'm taken as a joke.
Sorry I'm late to school... I was constipated this morning and well... you know... it wasn't coming out.
Thank you Pallas! Anytime you're in #downtownsac please stop by our place!
Am i the only one that listens to under the mistletoe whenever or?
You may be interested in a Guitar Playing Contest @ HardRock Cafe Saturdays 12pm www.AxeOffUSA.com
Phoenix MDA goal is $1.4 Million - help us get there with your pledge today! 602-277-3003.
Thunderbird Harley-Davidson in Albuquerque is hosting The Miss Rock the Ink contestant search on Saturday February 19th from 12 to 3.
#NP World So Cold Three Days Grace
Good luck!
Anyone Surprised? RT:California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
you rocked Brickhouse on the Lionel Richie special!
latin homework?:)
Louis:and whos falt was that liam *smirks* Liam: it was your falt louis..It was Louis: oh :o
RT : you're wrong its evolving> can't we just dump the LMS and use online analytics? (security issues aside)
MWP must be wondering why Dirk isn't getting ejected and suspended for that elbow on Westbrook.
thought about burning a couch or a car on the side of the road here in italy, but i don't think that would be socially acceptable. #GOCATS!
Mission impossible: not Eating a French fry On the way home from the drive thru
I've got a blankie wrapped around my legs under the news desk. #BRRR! At least it'll be warm again tomorrow.
thank you! So ready to celebrate love you!! :)
Don't slaughter the family horse for food before dismantling the family cart for kindling.
baahahaaa is there, so u owe me some Ihop. Lol jk ;) Good Luck!
A noob Javascript mistake wasted several hours of my time.
If your head begins blowing up from all the rhetoric at the #CNNdebate I suggest you turn it into a drinking game...
Insomniac says-night with extra hour is just a nite with more
"The group liked to play a game in which members came up with the sentence least likely to be uttered by one of their number."
I <3 olive garden! =D
ask me more stuff an yeah that makes sense
Do you think they should release the photos?
Scientists have found a way to roll back aging in mice. Thinking about the implications.
After airport nightmares, I am on my way to with
OSAMA IS DEAD! :D
let me know if u want the new record "heroes"
Not sleeping tonight again, need to look like the character for my big audition tmr
Friendship is love with understanding.
Why waste that challenge Denver?
Coupons, Grocery Coupons, Extreme Couponing, Printable Coupons ...
Great, Nad! Having fun in London!
I've always thought it was BS and refused to follow/click because of it.
Probably not.
#IntelligenceOnDisplay MT : The Tea Party really is just a cunt hair away from being the Westboro Baptist Church
They hate what they can never understand
The bright side of the canvas
#WubsNet I wish he did :(
Faster isn't necessarily better :)
Very true! I always say that, there's always someone better, and there's always someone worse too! We just gotta do OUR own thing.
#KissMyAss i'm not his best friend, DJ is
Your potential is running through your veins right now. And that same energy and magic is available to you this very minute. ~Ishita Gupta
I have wished to know why the stars shine
NationaLOLZ. What was that!?!?!
I'm a huge fan! Paul's my fav(:
DId YOU Know that IMDB tracks who is checking out what pages and ranks those people in order of popularity?!?! Clink on mine below to see...
What are you up to, Steve?
HUGE WIN!
Picking up kids end of a very fun weekend playing tourist in my own town with #savvy stews
: Are you going to that Crawfish Festival on Saturday?
Grab some new gear for our 5k! RT Only 2 days left to enjoy 30% off products at locations!
“: Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just a retard in tin foil”
I'm going to SLEEP! I have testing again in the A.M.
Make sure you all tell that you want to see him do a song with :)
Nothing is worth it anymore I don't know why I do anything. I had it then I lost it.
He is totally precious! I love him in "Being Human".. The real version, not the crap SyFy version :)
Sillicon Valley startup? Wasn't Instagram based in Austin, TX?
At a secret nutrition talk with Gatorade guru Bob Murray picking up some great info.
The weather is shity,ugh
I completely agree
Welp, relationships get old after 9 months and 5 days.. Shit happens.
Saying "jumping the shark" jumped the shark about 15 years ago.
Talk about a sheltered life! Move to the Dot!
should follow me :)
everybody is annoying and everyone is pissing me off. dont fucking talk to me.
Nope I gotta vote for ===> Best burger in town? Rocky's Crown Point. Hands down.
love you ocho. I can't wait to see what you do in NE
“: Looking for a change of luck. Wings @ 623 #letsgo”. Not working yet
: "Christians aren't customers of the church, rather co-workers in the church, working towards the same goal."
that sounds ridiculously amazing
I know its going to be so sad :(
it's not as fun as it used to be. Now everyone I know has a twitter haha. It's weird and turning into Facebook.
Then when I thought it was too good to be true, he blew me off and found someone new
Thanks for the shoutout!
which reminds me, I need a new pillow! :(
Martha was Stresses to Impress Lk 10:40. I'm posting about this today. It's from chapter 16 in my book
I love being with me(: I feel safe with you<3
no donut, herbal tea :)
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Potato Leek. Sugar free lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Tomorrow as I pass through BWI I will buy a 12 oz Coke out of appreciation for their boycott of the evil ALEC.
I'm hot and tired and stressed. So in normal.
did you have fun?
Plz share global lessons learned! #campaignotf,
I know! I actually wanted the Canes to win because I wouldn't have to see the Rangers again well I guess I have to now
You crack me up, Scott! RT Do people use the Microsoft Manual of Style so they know what NOT to do?
My day started of good then now tgif... -_-
yes, I agree
#FollowFriday #FF 5 hard-working Academy alums to follow:
Come to the Grind on April 20th and try a weedwhacker mocha! A traditional mocha with frosted mint and butterscotch.
How wonderful! MT : TODAY , Earth Day 10% off ENTIRE purchase+ proceeds donated to Friends of Trees!
Awesome link! I live in Tennessee so i was really glad to see Steve Cohen addressing online poker so positively.
Say what you will about slavery but im glad to be an American
Snow hit your area? Shoveling is great exercise. Just remember to take breaks as you are using different muscles then you may be used to.
I'm still on Week One of CodeYear. But we could (read: should) still meet for beers.
Dear red arrow park. Stop handicapping little kids with buckets for skating because I will push anyone over that gets in my way
thanks for the retweet! Hope you found the Losurdo interview interesting
yeah, they're great. It's one guy (Randy) who handles all the online orders. He knows his beer and has shipped for years.
So did everyone watch on the Ellen Show?
Thanks for the follow, Eddie. I followed you back. :)
I was called a lovely bitch tonight, apparently there's only lovely bitches, bitches, & conniving cunts
paige I love You darling, follow? (: please!
As a Laker fan I can care less about The Heat loss. I just find it funny all the slander from Heat fans last night now yall mad.
Wow! RT : Nearing 24 hours in 's historic swim...Sun is setting, Diana still swimming strong...46 miles down, 65 2go!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!<U+2665>!
#Pussification of the NFL...it's real
2 baptized this weekend at the Rock! First service in our new church this Sunday!! Praise Team practice 2night. So many cool things going on
Thanks for all the retweets!
It's mostly a $$ decision for us, but I'm looking forward to it. Feel silly that it's taken us this long to get one!
Today is the only day of the year that I give myself permission to fuck a bottle of whiskey.
looking at things to buy in the Internet u?
just fill out random applications, look online & keep your eyes open. Geez!! 8am?! I eventually fall asleep around 3am
I had dream that i was dating harry potter and he took me on a ride on buckbeak abd he was a really good kisser lol haha wheniwokeupised WTF
Can this really be the last night of #Bulls season? My emotional side hopes not
K BBE :)&nice name:)
why have you abandoned us over here at ogilvy on 11th ave? was just reminiscing on tuesdays gone by, makes me sad.
#Rahm service tax. Will chase even more business out of the city. Duh
aight let me know
So great to be back at after all these years for a reception no less!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 2
My1st day memory moving in to Towers- no parking! And they sold beer at drugstores in WV! #WVUgrad from
#genomesolver #curenet Big data requires big metal. and its not just genome data either.
Denigration of female bodies is a political act not biological.
14 years ago the course of my life changed. je t'aime
Thanks for texting back
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes . ~ Henry David Thoreau
Apparently I can talk on the phone A LOT.
Indirect tweets fer dayz
U mad? 1st round losses to Lehigh do that. RT : Baylor's Drew would be most logical hire for that program and it's culture IMO.
Some sentences are so perfectly phrased for a that's what she said, that u just look at each other, laugh with your eyes & continue talking
Yes, if Lady Gaga dismissed her "Little Monsters" to go after "Big Monsters", we both know what would happen! ;)
If hell has a soundtrack, it's provided by Kidz Bop.
#imA Normal girl, Living life to the full, No one's better then anyone! X
Seeing a lot about project based learning & want to start using it. How do I help my students work well in groups? Think they need guidance
Lmao Really So I Guess I Need To Appreciate My Man On The Side....
#Geoffrey Owens is doing his thing! S/O to Tamberla holding her own on stage #GoodmanTheatre #Race is a must see
lol you telling me.
Oh how I love to see Chicago sports in peril. Bye bye
thanks for the great content!
she heading home
not sure yet but either johnnys or 810 I still Havnt heard from so we will see
RT *Ahem* my hair is now in a bun. Otherwise known as the "shits about to get real" hairstyle.
please follow me!
I love you to(:
@ @ @ Kelly, thanks for RT! Congrats on trip to Italia, hope u enjoyed it!
Wow that fight was fire last night damn
Some people just don't understand how much their words can hurt. :(
Love trying local brews when I travel. Tonight it's 420 at Tasty! And a cool place too!
Let's go Hawks!!!
i have NO doubt, believe me!
The System needs to be reformed. The money is controlling our Government. If Elected I want to help to
copy and past the first link please! it's acting weird!! what's behind the ... is also apart of it!
Omg, Mercy came on Pandora when I was singing it. Hell yeah.
Sleeping diagonally & not touching a side of the bed after a four-game day, almost heaven!
Shout out to for his support to #ATLAUTOSPORT! Luv u bro !
haha. Ditto. Cops were out on ellington in a big way at one point. Something was going down
Thx for the video love!
no problem; thank you for your kind words & great presentation on Monday.
Haha. It's just so fun though!
Rangers win! NY still suckzz
Im officially giving up on school...
awww :( its so boring man, wyd?.
We should see it together. I need to see it again.
Innovative new businesses are being showcased and launched here at
Cant wait for Friday!!!
Watch for ppl who focus so much on all your wrongs, the truth behind the matter,they trying to take the focus off theirs.
exactly my point. $1800 bucks is a slap in the face for those out of their house and home.
What up world! #StudioFlow al day n night ;-)
we're thankful for you so we're offering a free tan/upgrade with the purchase of any packet of lotion...or buy 5 sessions get 3 for free!!!
Thx so much for the RT, Mary! Susan
#mudmelt Taylor's art works on the inside of people echoing Joan's work exposing the inside of the earth.
haha that video scares me O.O
Andrew Rose, CEO of Elephant Insurance, 140 emps, has had to hire only one from outside talent-filled #RVA region.
Oh drama awards you are so funny :)
Funny fun time this Friday at Neon Venus theater on Melrose and La Brea! Show time I'll answer whether I'm crazy.
Thanks for the kind words brother...next time in LA look me up...Definitely time to get Dutch to a match!!!
Why investing in Hungarian property is a wise choice for 2012!
Content governance is to good, effective content as QA is to good, quality products - RT
Glad you were able to join us! #riseaustin12 RT : Learned a lot at the Rise Awards. Will write up later.
Thanks for the RT
Think we can steal him away like KG?
if you can, you should come to the cults show on 3/22 in la or 3/23 in pomona!!
You are just the cats meow, aren't yaa?
Let's Go Bulls
Thanks to those who came out last night. Also, thanks to for having us!
I think it's Charlotte Hornets
played ping pong outside with and the storm
DVR Alert: I will be on KY Newsmakers with Bill Bryant at 11 a.m. Saturday on
. : Futures thinking about getting people to place where they can think strategically about the future
“: oh, are you in school?
Home brew entrants getting Brown Ales ready for judging next week!
Working on this week's blog post for It's gonna be about
Was today your bday?
alright, inv me when you hop on bro
Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime. ~Dale Carnegie
capitalists, bankers & corporations... Same thing.
Thanks for inviting me to the page! Look forward to tweeting on there! :))
agreed, me 2! I will be trying to get there as well, but need to catch up on some work n prepping for Cali tomorrow!
"The hardest part of this effort is to get boots on ground gathering data" so we can empower citizen-journalists across country
I'd complain too. I certainly complained the whole time I was healing from wisdom teeth (2 of which were impacted).
Game for Mother's Day! Who needs brunch? Beer and hotdogs is where it's at!
so bored:\
Actually I think we met through Andrew Conard on Monday b4 you went to check out the rezonline stuff.
all i want is for you to tell me that you care....or single me out 2 talk 2 me or laugh w/ me...have you even ever thought of me like this?
If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are oppressed, and loving the people who are oppressing.- MalcolmX
phone not on .... But I can get wifi were im at.... And I know his birthday Is cumin up....
Yeah, First reddit account i started was just so I could unsubscribe from politics. =)
Hate when girls put on a front just be real with yourself
not our fault your name was made up from thin air. =-)
you right...and I'm not..but my bf not available soo my non friends of Twitter lol
I like Hanson to win the Bluegrass but, love Scatman at 33 - 1
Let me make this clear the promo video is for WSHH Candy
I can't wait until we move so that I can decorate Rosebud's room but until August, move over !!
Happy hump day ;) I am glad to announce I finally found a dress for #jumpbackball AND it is a BCBG $388 dollars for 52 bones!
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion. -Jean-Claude Kelly
thanks for shoutout!
Being a 7-11 expert. They have had them for awhile. But they don't really freeze well. It is a tragedy beyond anything - EVER
Only 2 finals left!! :)
RT : #ShamrockTheSquare #BkSq SAT 1-4p. Music, dancing, kid's crafts, photo booth, cold brews, marketplace & MORE $5!
"Times" revamp: "focus groups hadn't noticed any changes. when we pointed them out they hated them"
Working out shouldn't be an inconvenience to your busy life- anytime you'd with Anytime Fitness. And another great way to support
How awesome would it be to grab that double eagle ball? You couldn't pry that out of my hands if you tried.
and BEST OF LUCK!!! :) Much Love and Aloha!!! islandgirlxo :)
Levon Helm in Central Park tonight! I love New York!
Finished my character analysis!
Dieter Rams?
98% sure my neighbor just took a video of me jumping rope in the pouring rain. So, there's that.
what night?!
Seeing my girl go back to Texas nd not knowing wen ill see her again..
": Anybody wanna come over & get drunk this weekend? I have this house to myself :)" me me me me lol
I count 5 Star Trek alums who've been in Castle episodes.
I want some superman undies
When you fly in an airplane, your hair grow 2 times faster.
Happy Friday!
: is an incredible story. Where he is today because of high character and great work ethic.
goals for today: laundry, P90x, yelp reviews, kick ass.
Watching #RV in government!
Fourth quarter found me hoping we could keep the damage at 20. Good work, guys. That's why I love ya!
I never had any server issues with Ubercart SSL. If anything, I did with Secure Pages.
You think y'all kickin?? Well boi we puntin, young money man we the shit.. weak stomachs. Hahaa
My husband's incessant faux accent is considerably worsening the experience. He "quite likes" everything.
Should have known this would happen...J. McGee leave s Wiz & starts posting All Star performances in the playoffs.
I need a GIF of the Calipari fairy leap PRONTO!!!
yes i saw u walk into Roux come in
no it's okay, haha mine does that like automatically.. I can't fix it it's really annoying, it's cool!:)
hes just his body guard. they're not related or anything
she made me SAD
Amazing job guys that was awesome!!
Have a Great Weekend!
This is a lot better than where we were on New Years Eve. Go BBN!
“: I tried caviar tonight and I liked it!” Man caviar?
Hey wino's, I have another twitter account Follow me and we'll drink and talk good food!
DD...do u have Mrs Havercamp available? If not I'll take whatever u can give me?
As long as you believe in God you'll never really be alone.
I'm sure you've been getting this a lot lately but you should seriously be up for an Academy Award for The Avengers.
Just left #vivalacottage in #sisterbay #wisconsin--what a gem! Interesting #merchandising and display. Funky WI #vintage!
I really dislike colds. Seriously...
favorite sorority at UT?
sorry for delay, fell off the face of the planet for a while. Will try to dig something for you
Former Obama Supporter: I'm Being Called a Nazi for Disagreeing With Obama
Saw your hot self yesterday. Looking great sistah
my underwear!!!
I love Twitter & Tumblr they are the only 2 places I feel I can truly be myself on & I'm so glad I have them & wonderful friends I've made.
GIS layers as overhead transparency sheets - good analogy!
WHOA! #RIT hockey fans got their monies worth tonight! GO #TIGERS!
With Manning seemingly not going to the Dolphins the best QB debate in the AFC East rages on. Moore, Sanchez, Fitz or Brady? Sanchez it is.
You're soo welcome, sweetie! (: <U+2665>
Can we watch? Do they lay eggs? RT : about 60 days :)
why is it ok for 2 criticize lebron for being horrible all game, but not tebow
Mom: The gravy was alays to thick or to thin. Lil bro: so it was to fat or to skinny?
It always amazes me that you can tell a recent rendering of the Mily Way galaxy from an old one by whether it has a barred spiral or not....
I always found 'slow and steady' to be the best method for darkroom work. Otherwise it becomes WORK. :) GL on the project
Attention: If you been out of town this weekend and you back home safe! FollowBack: let me no 1st u home than tell me how it was! I'm SAYN!
The claim that "any GOP POTUS will sign a repeal" is nonsense. Repeal will need HUGH push from a strong leader.": Don't elect this guy
And by "use data," I mean read--more of a problem than anticipated, even with my patrons here
Just left #WetSeal & suddenly feel very old.
You cant be yourself if you don't know who you are
ok again too-familiar anxiety of being a woman alone in the world with a child (a girl) to care for
We have a tentative 9/15/2012 date for our "I Can Make a Difference!" 5K walk honoring organ, tissue and cornea donors and donor families.
Super cool and yes very good news! Great account!
Happy !!! Stop by and see me and the Mrs. at ! [#ilm]
catching up on #googlereader, updating portfolio, and then watching Once with
it's silly to spend just one day showering your mom with love & gifts.. it should be an every day thing. Love you <3
This is fucked up. Why can't life just be simple.
When it rains it pours. Tough one to give away but credit to Chicago for forcing bad decisions and capitalizing on mistakes.
is khiems a restaurant here in Cleveland? I'm not aware of any Vietnamese restaurant besides superior pho
should have realized that it was only 5 words! oops.
Three dance rehearsals in one week. Ballet tonight, ballroom on Wednesday and contact improv on Thursday!
i fire the dealer for not counting down the deck
spring break is not a break to me.
.: "That's not speculative history, that's speculative AWESOME!"
Hahahaha, nice analogy!
oh happy day!
waiting on that tape.
no power in WL
GET HIP! Jk haha I even know about him. Like since last year lol
This sentence from Caswell scratches 1 hypothesis off my list: "Elasticities have their place, but it is not in evolutionary calculations."
We'll be at Pickles Pub Friday before the Operation Orange game!
cut the fraud
I saw it earlier. Kicked so much ass
She ask me whats type of chick and I told her Cali Texas & Immigrants!
yea yur right thats why he totaly replys when the other 50million girls tweet him but u know him better you knw:) take care x
Just got our first customer of the day. Shit's getting real
All the usual candidates. If you want cross-platform, source code, 2D, fast iteration, the field narrows quickly.
How was I not following you from this account already? Multiple personalities confuses me so.
That's all Ima do.
Success is the the best way to get revenge on one's enemies.
Do some sweet shit just so you can turn around and say "Fuck you bitch."
We hear the winds are coming tonight!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thinkin like a man right now...
I got to see you, so obviously it was a great time!
- Yes, completely sold out!
I know they aren't the greatest. But I try.
I'm curious about the speakers in yours, same as Orange? Vintage 30s?
great to meet you. Let's stay in touch.
Beer tasting party last night. Windy City Rollers bout tonight. Brewery party at tomorrow. Carpe fucking diem.
blessed love family!
: I just wanted to let you know, that i loved watching you in Joan of Arcadia, and was bummed when it was cancelled.
still haven't started homework
growth hackers - a cross between marketing and coding (via ) - reminds me of the guys and :)
So can we start saying "may the fourth be with you" rather than saying "live the fourth"? Ik it isn't may 4th all the time but it's cooler.
I always hear good things about ABBYY, and I believe they have a light Mac version for about $50
Please take a look at this is a wonderful non-profit organization that helps disadvantaged children and young people with physical...
this is so confusing omg. Some update twitters say we don't need a code for VIP packages, some do skdlfjas/
Tonight: Black History Month Film Festival kicks off with "The Interrupters" at 6:30pm. Tix $5
need to invest in an hd tv asap
Most free Black family members in VA bought their family members so they could stay and live as free people. They took care of their own.
ha well thats clints and janets stash, I only got the cheez-its
Just overusing "bitch"/"bitches" all day every day. Lol
please come rescue me from your mutinous lunatics #secertsvc #fbi #pdx OREGON
I am loving the reminiscing from when he first met I want a group hug!
when she said How you do wiiiinn?
Stop talking shit. It's none of your business and he can say whatever he wants whether he's lying or not.
delivery starts in June!
Julie's working on it. But it's going slower than we would have liked!
Getting ready to go to the Dentist =( everytime I go its nothing but bad news and very painful.
lmao, you're gross.
Join us for specials on drinks and food for Thanksgiving Eve!
Tuesday June 5th is the date in which my body will be marked for the rest if my life... FINALLY!!
Do any of you collect old systems or games to add to your collection? What is your favorite arcade game?
Logan was pretty sexy on that special on Saturday ;)
I'd watch that. RT : Charlie sheen and I should have our own show called crazy men
That could be cool!
Just finished synth part to "the promise"...stay tuned for NEW MUSIC!
Can't wait! RT Great job this morning....we are pumped to run in it in 3 weeks!
Ain't understand Nothing Tony Parker Just Said lol
oh yea! Thanks (again)
hey darkness : ) I hate you
want to ride with , Suzy and I ?
How Do you die cut that? Why is the diecut part not ejecting? Get answers to your questions www.mydiecuttingblog.com
Today I was having fun in lake and didn't care about how I look till my I saw my crush and his firend .well fun is over get out of water
Sean! He got bit by a stray cat. Lol
Enjoyed analogy from during sitdown interview with Jackie Mac: Celtics as tortoise to Heat's hare.
Salty pudding.
The #altac version: RT : Back alley DH: helping people w/o making commitments ... that interfere with [the job that pays bills]
Help me get to 1,000 followers!!!!
hey, how has your day been so far? x
#5bestsmells bacon! :D
One interesting thing about digarchives today, for me, is the transitional nature of the tech. Will it be so in 20yrs? 50?
Slow down -j12
I live in Chi-town and if it wasn't for twitter wouldn't know about Humber. Hate when CWS get the FOX game. Rather watch anyone else.
update me on the football please, i haven't watched it whatsoever
Tonight I'm spinning apartment lounge in lincoln park! Come on up and let's get craaaaaazay!
#tie11 who am I?
It's a POLICY question. Looking at it through the Obama lens apparently has a lot of baggage for you :-)
FDA has issued a new strategic plan for food and nutrition, to include new initiatives on food labeling and public health...
The band is taking a spin in the NEW VAN!!! Papa Don is in the drivers seat...yikes! J/K!
Izzy(my iPod) just attacked my freakin' face.!! #Traitor!!!!!!
#tsparmy rock is in the house tonight errbodyyy just have a good time
Ha! Some people actually have some pretty creepy costumes for that festival -- always wanted to go.
Just completed the #VCE #Vblock architecture course in DC. Great class, lots of info, glad it coincided with the #vsphere5 announcement.
- Then follow me...please! :)
Sun is out but I'm staying home
Readjusting my productivity estimate downwards today because Google mail is so slow.
Cheers! I have heard things about Unwind. Please tweet out a pick of the joint. Do the carry #vawine?
So over this weather
Can't wait to watch the voice tonight and cheer on local talent#replocaltalent#jamesmassone good luck!!!
Yum William Levy
Basically standing the whole game bc sitting for 3 hrs of rain delay= my butt hurts.
Get your marble floors ready for the upcoming holidays, 10% off coupons online.
Why did I come back to kc??
Happy birthday MSR
Don't make me send you more pics of her smiling cause you know I'd be happy to look!
not for me. Family hasn't complained either.
Proverbs 17:16 Of what use is money in the hand of a fool, since he has no desire to get wisdom?
If you are a bear, you like what is happening, although I know that it is very damaging and harmful in a lot of ways. It still is needed.
Thanks Richard for visiting our booth!
that's right!
May 2012 be the best year ever filled with lots and lots of blessings for all my Twitter followers!
The song I hate is playin on my two favorite radio stations.
Peace has three dimensions. Peace within ourselves, peace among nations and peace with nature. -- Dada J.P. Vaswani
"Time always creates and destroys in equal measure, erasing the past as it sketches in the present." (Hirshhorn's Glenn Dixon)
No one should be afraid of making mistakes, as long as they learn from them.
Just killed it! I love him! <3
Anonymous released a video today stating that the hactivist group is planning to attack
Been watching movies all day and still bored.
#YouDontKnowFear until you tilt a little bit too far back in your chair
#occupyburque is still going, just not 24/7. There's a march tomorrow from Yale Park to Civic Plaza starting at 11 a.m.
But happy mothers day.....this day is for the real mothers
Yet, you're not at work. Please bring Starbucks:)
LOVING this weather!! I foresee yard work and grilling out in my near future...
Yeah so whtz up?:)
Let us know what hints you pick up from the session! E-readers are kinda cool. :)
Thank you to for providing and students scholarships to attend the Feminism in LIS Unconference.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert Schuller
Personally introduced Hello Nasty to Taos, NM in 1998 (at weekly dance party at a restaurant in outskirts of town - peeps where like Wha?!)
Still officially winter but this weather has Milwaukee in a very good mood today! Patios full of outside diners in the !
If you could create a new museum on ANY topic- what would you pick?
What's Floyd doing?
Wearing my margarita pants for a little bit
Age 3:: *boy kisses girl* Parents: Awwh that's so cute Age 16: *boy kisses girl* Dad: Get the hell away from my daughter. *loads gun*
Not at all. Like Most WP geeks, you normally have your eyes glued to the screen in January. :-)
"All CGI's on Me"
Ah.... I wonder how different Premiere 6 is
dang, that's crazy. I guess that explains everyone's statuses. Lol I guess that's karma for ya.
A quick phone chat with my dad always makes my day a little brighter #happy He's such a pirate
M! You go, girl! RT : Treating myself to an 80 minute decadent foot massage! So needed!
you already know bro! for the support..
he keeps going on my iPad and when I get it back the history's gone, dirty shit-.- and I have a password.. Knob head
it was a damn good summer
Tyrone outlaw 26 and 6 in the big win for garner road 16s. Over dreamvision
Yes, I know Korean. No, that does not mean I like Anime. That's not even the same LANGUAGE!
You've got to hear Mark Andrew Cleveland's aria in "Christ lag"...
how can i give love when love is something i've never had?
exactly how innovative do you feel right now?
Unattended PocketWizard spotted. Tempting.
Never had the displeasure of dealing until now. You have no humans to talk to to unlock an account? Seriously?
Can't wait for GCB!! Have had the DVR set for weeks :)
Thanks for the support Sarah! <3
bahahaha our flag football team would honestly have no competition - we need a cool intimidating name tho lmao
Man this game is freaking dope
Duran Duran was at Stubbs. Where was I? Anybody got feedback on the show?
Were is my bby at?
Ok so you just tweeted my little sister!!! I'm so jealous!!!!
back on the grind, i cant believe its already april :o
He likes you put that
paper that has seeds in it and can be planted!
OR BLOCK WHAT THE HELL!!
A gfs job is to keep her boy on the right track,hold him down,have his back thru good times&bad,&to be his rock[agree to disagree]
just don't think Skip will invite him back much if at all. Won't get fired though.
ok, say to me... Do u like my photo?
someone asked today what game i was playing on game boy. nope. thats just my phone.
No sound?
it's true! Brought back fond CHiPs memories. I don't even know who Zuil Bailey is.
Omg smdh is all I can do right now
We keep getting these stupid Direct Messages- DO NOT CLICK ON THEM! THEY ARE ALL A SCAM, A VIRUS. Thanks, Meghan
thanks for the follow.....congratulations on your 1st single.....
awe thanks!!
Mike shanahan takes over for the skins, should be interesting!
This mom on the swiffer jet commercial >>>> can't remember her damn neighbor's name
Have a good day!
thanks! That means alot to us! =)
your welcome :D
Mary Burke & Nichelle Nichols are the best School Board candidates to address this issue.
Song of the day: Bruce Dickinson - Back From The Edge
HAPPT BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!! hope you're having an amazing birthday :) Have a great day!!
That's awesome!! RT : I just want to RT all of tweets but I'll just direct all to the TL”
Sorry Mike! We are still without power at that location and will be closed tomorrow as well.
when people ignore my texts. Meh :(
"I wanna buy a Reese's truck... Chocolate and peanut butter cups? You crazy..but let's do it..." Real lyrics from this open mic.. True story
I think Tampa did this quite a while ago.
#Tebowisgarbage #nakedtebowing is the best thing to ever happen from all this!
RT : students can major in entrepreneurship but ANY majors should try to be as entrepreneurial as possible.
Fantastic Speakers/networking at GI Film Boot Camp. A must attend event. Canadian Embassy is excellent venue/host.
All I have to say is World Champions Bitches!!!!!!!
“: Number 17 like Jeremy Lin, get up in your girl like a plug in ” Fuck yess!!!!
same difference haha
Good morning every one bout to start the am off wit a good work out and cardio y'all have a blessed one
Thanks, I didn't try it yet but really promising, it seems that the trial lacks a lot of functionality and is a bit crashy
Mitchell Schwartz? Smh
i love hanging out with other bloggers! had a great time with !
they totally redeem themselves with Michionne and season 3 in the jail is going to be nuts if it's anything like the comic
Susan Davis '79 will be signing her new book "Saidie May" this Sunday @ the BMA from 1:00 - 3:00PM. Book is about the collector/art patron
Yay! Prepping for a shoot with Shane Maritch photography. Love it!
Do you make house calls my love, ? I straightened my hair, so I figured sometime this week would ideal to put the color in.
my statement yesterday was more about the relationship. I think this will change the mood of the AA discussion of Obama.
just tied the #NLL all-time single-season points record with 115. 1 away from a new mark!!!
haters gonna hate.
Stuck in my head I can paint a picture
Meeting with the jungle crew
haha thank you! My handle is from the first anime I ever saw, "All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku!" Changed my life :)
": When girls curse #TurnOff" Who the fuck caress ;)
What! Wow. Brings me back. And Sail Loft... #memories. Ive been there a few times lately. Always makes for a rough morning ;)
It's one thing to work hard and fight, its another to have heart
I saw WITNESS on the big screen...does that count? RT : RT if you're Amish
since when is "Stuff yourself" an insult. You must be foreign or something
Stoked for le weekend! Anyone got any killer plans?
I make you do it way too much it might happen
Glogster Edu just donated a door prize for my next training!! Thank you!!
Go look at my pics n my new hair
You can mention me defending TDK with our conversation via text. ;)
Women But That's When Get On Top Of Them Fa'Shooooooooooooo
okay, it's down to #idol, nail biting time. , YOU are what I look forward to! lets get er done. :)
You bet, Larry!
It's so weird when someone likes something of yours on facebook and you have never talked to the person face to face.
alright. Imma head over there to get my stuff after I take a shower.
no problem:)
TONIGHT BROADWAY IS GONNA BE GOOD !!!! LOTS OF PARTIES AND PLENTY OF PARTY PEEPS THAT LIKE GETTING CRAZY ON SUNDAYS !!!
Arye and Jacob day!!!
Scary-Looking-Cloud club ;)
yes, i broke down and got on instagram. no, there are no photos yet. yet. chrissturm
RT : More ‘hybrid’ academic and policy researchers are needed to communicate with political & academic spheres...
RT : A champion is someone who gets up when he can't - Tim Marks
Vampires. Tonight. 6 to 9. Come have some red wine. If there's time we're going to watch the Spanish version of the 1931 Dracula movie.
practice archery lol
3 days!!!!!! I'm so excited rt if you are too!
You WON'T ... want to miss it.
Just saw #Warrior early screening. Hits dramatic notes pretty hard & lays on the cheese, but damn if it isn't 1 of my faves of year so far.
Welcome to my world...Snow Days =
sorry, I'll check it in a minute! and did the grizzlies win against the Clippers yesterday?
Thank you, I am constantly striving to do my best :)
Gracias to all yall who came out to the Red Poppy Art House to support La Gente! Good times in the Mish. 1-LOVE
A lot of woman like to talk and I like to let em
If you see me lurking nearby when this happens, I'm totally not eavesdropping...
Thank you to all that attended 's monthly Coffee with the Corps. Great group and discussion around our service in Milwaukee.
Good morning Chicago! $16 bottomless mimosas; hurry before yesterday catches up to you
Congrats, you're the first person in the history of the world to say that. Just 999,999 short of a fan base.
from an artistic stand point, yes, from a career standpoint, I'd do what makes the most money consistantly, and tbh...
And the scoreless streak comes to an end.
nah scratch rack 2. I'm going rack 3 .... 16's....for a 20 count.
still have the infection :x :(
I love 's new song!!!(: it's amazing!
When people don't text back but will reply to you on Facebook < just like just stop doing that already...LOL
Officially done with Christmas shopping!
Happy birthday !!!
This ' mafia game has everyone on edge. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
we welcome you to Portland! Its not raining, lucky you. Excited for tonights performance?
So there are these really weird bugs that won't leave me alone. I just killed like a thousand tho.
Well ima try to go to sleep now
done and done.
I woke up this morning curious about a few things...more specifically, what is Justin Bieber going to look like as a man?
Just finished listening to the interview. Thanks for the tips.
Christina's hair and makeup on
"JP Morgan: Do they even know how they lost $2 billion?" #yahoonews Not unless it comes out of Dimon's bonus.
USA rugby tomorrow vs Ireland on NBC.
I really Wish she would Notice Me.
happy belated homie
UGH MY IPOD LOCK BUTTON IS JAMMED
1person creating fake profiles to unfairly slam an organization--what 2 do besides report those profiles?
Only a lefty like could possibly find this entertaining. Careful Howie - your bias is showing.
i had a long day, my whole body is tired. but i cant wait to talk to him:) makes my day 10x better
Gorgeous day in South Beach.
straight killing it
3 generations at
imma kill the 1st 2012 Oddfuture fan that yells swag, swear to god
thanks mike
Would either of you be offended if I call you eye candy?
We have done similar stock (super textured), but not seed paper. We would be happy to test a sample for you.
Dude, the A/C feels great in here...
Boy, that Neal Stephenson sure do write him some mighty big books.
Thanks for running the #HoleInTheDesert news! (oh but it's Monroe not Munroe ;))
hey now, dont be mean to riley. he's a pretty cool guy..
That is awesome!!
Why is there not a single phone and/or internet service provider in this country that FUNCTIONS CORRECTLY? Unbelievable.
you guys made Giant fans proud this year.
No kidding they do, doesn't give Hamels the right to induct Harper into MLB...bush league garbage, set a precedent!
Samsung set to unveil iPhone challenger
Hey fans don't forget Thursday Feb 9th 7pm pst Cimorelli Will be LIVE!!!!!!!
Huh, interesting. Mine was there right when they announced it.
think I know what I'm getting dennis for valentine's day!
I think my iPod has finally croaked. I'm heart broken. That thing was my baby.
Drake- Club Paradise
i'm not okay..
This graduation rehearsal <<<<
So we're leading the mobile payment revolution now, what will we pay with in 50 years? Our fingers/DNA? Our minds?
have you ever had nutella with strawberries? rofl
How is the show (Boss) going? I think you all were shooting by my school off of 47th and Lake Park.
I'm full!
Its Always The Unexpected : 0
That lady from the #AFT congratulated the president on his "bold action" on marriage equality. He spoke words. He didn't do anything.
I always say things that I don't really mean when I'm angry but to be honest people just worsen it.
Pope Benedict XVI has decided the collection taken up @ his HolyThursday evening Mass wil b used 2 offer humanitarian aid 2 Syrian refugees.
Two minutes in and she's ripping Santorum.
call me cuh
I thought you thought I was serious! D; It's about like abusive relationships or something.
RT : #Phorum12 bob moul blue jeans are ok at phorum 12--ok bit more fog mixed w/ nice weather
We are excited to start writing another script for DIY's Desperate Landscapes.
My NSYNC pandora station got the best of me at the gym today. Caught myself bustin a move in the mirror like I was at home.
haha:') sounds fun! still in bed, I cba getting up :P xoxoxo
sounds fun
This is the second week of Academic Parent Teacher Team meetings! Third grade is today!
how is that spot? Been meaning to go there
Hey #revs fans, where can a guy find the #SportingKC game on TV in the Boston area tonight?
": Please, girl, stay 'til the early mornin'. we can have some coffee.<3" You can do my laundry. Please,girl,stay(:
George Burns Youve got to be honest. if you can fake that, youve got it made.
#ireallywant my stuff on HBO!! lol
Celebrity Mario Lopez celebrates Cinco de Mayo at Restaurant Eve in
Well hello , looks like an early Spring Awakening for you as well!
We share a common interest in motels/hotels... Yet she thinks that there is something more... Smh
Blackhawk helo just flew over my neighborhood. Cool
The decision to terminate a pregnancy is a private matter that should only involve a woman & her family, religious convictions & physician.
And fucked Evelyn. He's been with two of those harpies. He obviously needs help.
i hope i get at least 200 dollars for graduation.. cos i need to fix my phone!
omg! stacy! did you yell at him?! thatd be so awkward!
Get it together
I will always have this impossible little hope that you'll suddenly wake up one day and realize that were meant to be together
I just noticed Utah's shorts have a tramp stamp. Lol.
after taking your suggestion into consideration, i have decided not to use your idea
And now I just need to make this work on my mac --can u pls try it and see if it works for u? when I hit Run it crashed
charles? Haha. Your official?
RT 100 Days until the 96th Running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. Boy that seems like a long time.
Remember, the root of ignorance is "ignore"
Great weekend of crawfish broiling, dog sitting, cinco de mayo-ing, food tasting, suntanning, sombrero-ing,& cat torturing w/
hey, hows your day going? mine has been awful. im trying to convince my mom to home school me because im being bullied
This is the most we've ever fought. This is not okay.
The weather is freakin crazy.
Guess I should learn how to use RSS so I'm not making the rounds of my favorite sites to see if there are any updates.
Both teams are very much in the tourney. GTown will get the better seed, but Cincy is the better team...Ironic I know.
“: Congrats to the man for finishing his first ever half marathon. #ProudSon”
Rise& grind:)
I wish women would put the toilet seat back up after they're done using it.
Started my birthday off right at midnight with a garbage plate. Think I'll keep the goodness going and finish it off for breakfast. Good day
that it only has a head? lol
I heard! Excited? Lol weekend was good, worked and hung out with a friend. Your weekend?
“: Time for workout #1...#TeamFitness up and rolling...” all day every day
70% of tweets originate outside of US, 50% are in languages other than English says
Let's go, Dolis. 3 outs.
Definitely. When you arrive & where are you staying?
I might go to Chiki&Pete's tonight with my cousin.....
what's wrong?
I only like green faces!
My manager got me up here ctfu I'm glad he don't be getting mad at me when I do stuff wrong.
Damn it, Paulina!!!!!
is legit my best friend. She's cheered me up literally every time I've been depressed. Thank you. :D
during the rollicking weddin' festivities last night I brutalized my toe & now it's purply & I'm limping. The trials of a dancing machine.
nisha j just leave !!
This bitches mouth Is to small to take a shot
Felt like someone needs this today~ "...do not fear, for I am with you...I will strengthen you and help you..." Is. 41:10 Help is here:)
watching 8 mile :)
#Browns won 6-3...not pretty but we will take it! Offense has to get better!
that's good what u doin the rest of the night
EVERYONE WEAR YOUR HOODIES TO SCHOOL ON MONDAY TO SUPPORT TREYVON MARTIN RT
Who is out and about in Chicago right now? Especially if u r close to the north side. I'm out and need a partner to get drunky!
u was?
I freaking love you you are such a goddess!! <3<3<3<3
ok so that means u want to go in for me tonight right??
Dear Santa, I need a month off to watch a crapload of ken burns documentaries. Amen.
Weekend promotion: type in "RECYCLE" at checkout and receive 50% off your online order. Offer expires at midnight.
THIS.. Agreed RT : the grey uniforms are nice, but the blue looks more carolina blue than #duke blue.
thx for that I'm sending the email now
Grateful Dead and Phish archivists at
Happy Birthday to the inimitable !
Catch up Friday. And if all else fails I have my trusty iPod and iPad to keep busy. Ha!
did u use to have a gf before abdc
what's happening today everyone? hope you are out enjoying the sun if you have it - great day for #football! #ilovefall!
we don't take breaks/we break sweat
Just remembered I have a Dunkin Donuts gift card...outlook for today just improved!
All the time. Two Cali trips back to back in April and May.
why can't every one just speak one language then I wouldn't have to listen to Mr Carey speak
Wow 32 new tweets.
also, glad I'm not the only one. I love that you get my NPR references. You are more of a junkie than I.
Thank you! We're working on it :)
I feel kinda creepy reading the tweets of someone I use 2 follow but dont any more. Feel like a stalker or peeping tom.
Maybe it's because I treat my digestive system like a garbage disposal, but it's impossible to get my order entirely wrong: it's still food.
Valverde better end this in10 pitches. Don't eff up my ERA/WHIP!
Occasionally I wake up and I'm lucky enough to get a glimpse of the grand picture. Absolutely fucking stunning and gay to report on twitter.
- I went to the United Nations and witnessed the star studded show there. It was history making and amazing.
I did it while waiting 4 water 2 boil this morn so really no labor lost if it gets scratched. Honestly is what counts.
In Music Meeting- Nickelback “This Afternoon” I wish them very well, but no thanks
thank you! The website is still under construction so it's only going to get better! Keep checking it out!
it isn't! He just tweeted that it wasn't!
I thought I tweeted abt it sometime in November when I got it. Almost held out, but glad I didn't. Maybe you tabula rasa'ed it.
He must hate money
It's just small talk with clever people, but when you spend five minutes on phrasing then decide to say nothing, no one notices.
I've tried it. You get low-balled.
Kudos for picking Nelson Oliviera. You're a moron for picking Martins and Quaresma. Wish you had the balls to leave off Pepe and Bruto Alves
Things change. People change. Feelings change. It's a good thing that memories never do.
Q4 Not volunteer work, but being part of Toastmasters has been invaluable for public speaking, evaluating, and listening skills.
thanks! congrats on getting your city to the top of the list. I love Montreal and can't wait to see the Livehoods map!
Nice to meet you. I know you must be enjoying the SoCal area now.
Sounds fun RT : Excellent meeting w.folks from UC Santa Cruz Grateful Dead Archive re. awesome work they're doing w/
rub it in why don't you! :)
Timers Win!!! 3 to 1 over Phil Union
3 miles just doesn't seem enough today
Anyone need me on a track send ya beat or unfinished jam to #lets make a hit
we were on the Leverage set last year-you have great/fun energy! Now, you are fabulous on SHARK! you go girl!
A+ first Tweet. #goblackhawks!
Take God at His Word!
Someone needs to fire that idiot with the bow tie. What a fucking embarrassment.
Morning to all! Check us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities!
Pet deaths suck. I am sorry for your loss.
Oh My God... I honestly believe we should have a right to sue bad hairdressers for their jobs..at least at the small claim court
I like getting the news but much is depressing! Note to self to not view right before bed!
Getting my munch on! Then its back to business.
Road trip! To Fresno with #rocksteadyministries. Bumpin "It's gonna be hard to shut us down!!"
Can't wait for 2011! Sending my album off to be mixed now.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position . Call me, Email me or Please se…
Nice! Y'all played the joint on FM radio??? Thank YOU!
“I can heal the whole world by working with one human being, and that is me.” - Byron Katie.
Maybe Heathcliff is going overboard ...
you haven't drawn me anything on draw something :(
good job on the initiation. Welcome Max!!
need your airports addy... :p
A week into the new year and I'm still writing Dick Clark on my checks.
not really. Why?
After school getting a hair cut :D
So pj sandwiches,I been working outside most of the day. Dinner,ice cold peppermint tea,a cool shower thenidol time.
damn i need a job!
Yay Sister! My sister is going to be happy that i joined twitter, #no longer a tweet virgin!!
Barca or Madrid?
RT : We're coming to Charlotte and Durham, NC and need suggestions on local partners to help spread the word, if you can help...
I'm so behind on my TV shows
dude ima tired lol im starting to talk like Mandy:(haha this sucks jk i luff her evan though she is a big butthead!!!!>:I
What happened to our beautiful 80 degree weather??!!
hey you
All planes grounded at DFW. Tornado Emergency includes the airport.
Notes on a scorecard: Why Pop’s record is a big deal, even if he disagrees
Time to catch up on my wwe.
What do you mean?
Thanks to all the students and faculty at who participated in our diversity workshop today!
How does have only 6,000 followers?? They are amazing!
Marlins eliminated SF in '97 postseason, eliminated SF in '03 postseason, now SF has lost 2 critical players during FL's last 2 visits to SF
here for the interactive conference.
"I've got some news for you / Fembots have feelings too" I should have this song on a very loud constant loop in my car.
did you submit someone?
I'm aware!
LOL We'll try REALLY hard ;)
oh snap. I completely forgot you were on that shoot. Let's hook up soon before I get too busy.
I GOT LIMITED EDITION RED BEATS!!!!!! Just now
haha me and my friends are cooking and having taste compitiion
Saw this dudes mustache that looked like it had a pulse\if he shaved it off it'd sever a main artery.
the nickelback confessions blog i'm cryiNG
60% of the time, it works all the time
*crosses fingers* Please be good to me registration.
Hey bud! Long time, no see. Unfortunately a friend jumped on the ticket immediately. How's life?
well it is dark and snowy outside so not allot of people are going to be spending time outdoor because it's the winter.
Taylor Kitsch is beautiful... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Big Man <3
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it
I love the pear ones!
4 days until the Grey Skies screening!
me too all my friends are like what?
what happened??
haha, sick. Within a few months hopefully. Just released the cd, so we're planning an east coast tour.
please follow shes so pretty and just started xo
The best way to lose an enemy is to treat him like a friend.
Its a beautiful day!
#FF Follow my bands!
Love is such a beautiful thing that everyone deserves to have at one point in their life...
Well I didn't get the shutout, but we did win 8-4!!! I'll take it!!
I always assume that all negative songs are about me.
People in Olathe South physics classes: what is due tomorrow in Mr.Meier's class?
Took a shower after #SCGSpringBreak. There's a sandbar in our shower. Great time!
And in the adventure of each day, we discover the important things in life and why they’re important
Yep let's. Meet around Decide's office? Email: techboy ;)
Beautiful autumn morning: crisp air, bright leaves, the sound of our neighbor chopping firewood. I love it.
I remember when Laynce Nix caught a ball like that off of Dom Brown last year in LF.
how did your teams fair when you were in high school? Did you win any MS state championships?
Less than 2 hours til the start of our Madden Tournament! Only 1 will be crowned Madden Champ, but no one will leave empty handed!
Whoa there... hahahaha
Doing the last part of the 'Touchdown' video today!!! Dropping that shit real soon
DRINKING! jk LOL Not sure yet. You??
Hopefully I will perform their again! Hope you have a wonderful Xmas too!
Is it Friday yet?
Watch American Idol tonight & learn how to host a show!
Jazz can be all-consuming, so it's easy to get stuck in a bubble--but that can be broken by hearing one happening example.
My lower back hurts, my shoulder, my knee .. Idk what's going on. I've never had this pain before. And I didn't do anything out of the norm
We've got framed photographs of our kids and families doing things at school in our hallways. It's fabulous.
Hope this meeting at the clinic go by fast, got too much work to do smh
"What Would Oprah do?" Probably not the best option either. I'm not sure how that would come across at the Pearly Gates. C'mon, Let me in!
If you could only ask one question in marketing, it should be: Are you single or married? - Bill
The thought "I like to gorge on the flesh of humans" randomly came into my head. Oh course I'm not mad!
GREAT 5th grade teacher: Nancy Buscaglia. Senior year of high school, she said I was wasting my life on theatre.
I see u eqlrecords.com
that's funny tell her you can make cake out of it
I have to work tomorrow.
welcome to planet earth
26 outs to go
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse
Great job to all of you. Your panel was empowering.
Don't miss Pilates tomorrow at the Presbyterian Church, 213 Bailey Ave, Mt. Washington, From 6 to 7 PM.
Is it sad or awesome that I am looking forward to using #googlewave for work? (co-workers: say awesome & I will send you an invite)
These dreams are my castles, not the walls you built up around me.
I'm so old fashion & slow to this computer technology. Still learning the terminology, what's spamming mean? Thank U 4 helpin
Don't be afraid and never be ashamed.
the library is getting packed and I still got plenty of work to get caught up on. There is nothing like Starbucks coffee to keep one going.
And I get so annoyed when people get in your business when they shouldn't, and by the way, I wasn't calling you a whore. Nice try though.
": A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns 2 enjoy their differences."
Can't text you at all today, I left my phone on the bus, lololol
Do what you BEST an KEEP doing it.
I'm doing pretty well considering what I'm working with :)
Drinking gumballhead. Great! 3 floyds best brewery NOT in western PA.
Glad I wore sunsreen today
On my way to Albany for the 25th Annual Somos Conference organized by the NYS Assembly/Senate Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force.
I made it through my moms birthday and mothers day without too many tears. Things are starting to look right in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Bonus round of your 20's, for sure. :) Happy Birthday! Hope you are well!
ebc.. today was nice make sure to stop by next week... and dont forget to come visit at surrender! only
RT : "Albert Haynesworth was on the field for 6 snaps (including penalties) on that first drive"
yeah that would suck. I would reschedule on a work day. that way I would at least get to leave work early.
not exactly but whatever
Easy like Sunday morning
time for some more <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
My motivation this week is simple. Get through the week and then myrtle beach with family and girlfriend
I am willing to forgive, but will never forget
all you can do is laugh lol
Im extremely tired with a lil stress on the side
The Irish Setter, or Red Setter, was developed by crossing Irish Water Spaniels, Spanish Pointers, and the English and Gordon Setters...
Kobe is Kareless!
Happy Halloween.
was good! Got 4 seasons, window2theworld and mttr of minutes, +an attempt at stranded. Shawn looked beautiful!
Tweeted too soon, there it was on NFL Network
CALL ME! DID YOU SEND?!
U MAD, KOBE?
I love smiling too
Had a dream I was in The Hunger Games.
okay i just got it out. i asked my dad to reach in there and he got all of the banana out and a small diamond too! - lauren
that's right I forgot my buddy's b day. Well happy b day to u jdm.
"I'm not getting you a wrestling book. Don't ask again. It's not gonna happen!" Now I have to listen to whining.
haha looking forward to visiting it again!
i might as well be lol
ah how did I miss this? aeeiiii. ben says you're pretty much the best person he's ever met. i remain skeptical.
Pierce called for traveling. This is what he's become in Game 5. Are you kidding me.
Hey y'all, thanks for follow it's so fun to connect with other Seattleites.
you never hit my up my nigga
Artist's Night Out event @ Indianapolis Museum of Contemporary Art. FREE ADMISSION!
LOL I should be there for that game again, I'll bring my camera!
when you are making editorial choices, how do you as an editor keep this story interesting beyond just narrating a horse race?
I plan my work, I work my plan, and I just don't have time for procrastination right now.
Radelet: "Optimistic outlook on #Africa during the 60s fell as the world started falling into recession."
About to play some pick up...definitely stretching!
im excited to start this work relationship with you.. Im glad took it well..,lol : )
He missed the kick Ahahaha. I know them Raven boys are
because girls be askin bout me
aww! What a good excuse to go home :)
Can't wait for #madmen tonight. Yes, you are invited!
apparently my company has Veteran's Day off and only 10% of us did not know that....
My wife is still in bed (as I should be) but thanks to for the birthday wishes :) 2nd half about to kick off
Wait, 300 or Sin City?
plzzz followww me I love u so much <33333333
cranking 80's radio on last.fm and learning about Responsive Web Design. Feeling pretty energized
I want to dock 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
“: He can win american idol with sign language.”
RT : Favorite from tonight's #txd: "I'm a horse, dude. I got horse stuff to do." Will not make #dareproject play. This time.
Auditioning tomorrow for the role of a 'stressed out casting director whose work has driven her to drink'. Wonder if I'll recognize the CD!
can't has to do.
looks like he should r
had a great day today at the gym going to birthday party in the morning and a pageant photo shoot on sunday lol i love photos lol
Hope is only what we can do in times like this
Happy New Yr!.... Anderson & Kathy love watching u both every yr.
Remember Nashville, we need to conserve water. So cut out of work right now and get a Margarita.
Scroggy averaged 3.3 GPA last semester to go along with about 25 unexcused absences.
Omg!!! ;(((( I'm so frustrated!! I think I may throw up!
#Orlando police department is a joke
you can often peg me as being crazy but not stupid, lol.
Nice play by
Damn you, UMBERTO D. You hit me in one of my weak spots.
you can run, but you'll only die tired - a friend of mine's ex-girlfriend's father's saying
I see a classroom full of first graders, I see dem cliques. Those gossipers, backstabbers, I see you. You are developing to our generation.
this world is made up of ppl who will manipulate u if u permit. Get to know who u are n what u stand for.
Satan loves me 5
awe I love you, and you'd look so pretty in one!
whenn? what you up too?
Redraft league? I probably take Gore over Murray. Keeper or dynasty I hold onto Murray for sure
Movie Marathon on abc family :D
Thank you all who said all the birthday wishes to me (: really preciated #loveya <3
oh lol how the hell did we forget that? :p
You are so sweet! Thanks for being a friend=)
Thanks Judith for stopping by and sharing! Very much appreciated:)
There is no Challenge more challenging than the challenge to improve yourself. Michael F. Staley Need #coaching?
Oh shit. You know you're in real trouble when you run into yourself from the other side.
I'm with on that one
When you wake up tomorrow, coffee and waffles will beckon you. Don’t deny your instincts. Go for it. Coffee/Waffles. Excellence.
android froyo looks pretty sweet.
Yeah #Blackhawks!!! Playoff city.
#NYC u #disappointed me. Not 1 restaurant will deliver Fried Chick to Madison ave! Courier said it would take them 1 1/2 hrs to deliver!
Do you know who's doing the Maine study?
Ready to celebrate a successful conclusion to my first full academic year with the great folks who make TU a fun adventure!
LOVE YOUR HAIR <3
. #Capitol4th tribute to the troops - War at Home - just made me cry.
No team can handle the rangers bats that lineup is LOADED !!!
Mouahaha-15 miles in 25 minutes on the fake bicycles last night, 37.5 miles in all after a much slower,sometimes sluggish second half hour.;
one word: expedit.
I Don't Have Time For Those Who Standing In Line On Me. Think I Owe Them The World But Never Did Anything For Me.
1 month until the Season 2 premiere of #teenwolf. Looking forward to it!
When a waitress asks if I<U+FFFD>d like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
Another great game going to the wire
Happy Easter everyone! What a lovely day.
not sure of origin but thanks #Blake Discher for quote regarding business scenario.
RT : Are You the Next Economy Hero? Tell your story, and win up to $250,000! Go here to win:...
Is there anyway to lock focus on the streaming cam? Its only focused on the rain drops on the dome.
the guys are just the greatest people ever. I'm so glad that it's them I end up spending 3/4 of my time with. #BandMembers <3 just.. :) yeah
A nap seems like such a good idea right now!
haha hi Matt! I'm great. How's life?
There will be no this week. We'll resume posting on 1/9 with an excellent line-up of learners.
Sue the KC Grounds Crew.
Yes! I was wondering if it was just me.
Agreed, the operative word: landlubber!
Good morning! A great day for cool-season #plants, & getting some mizuna in the ground w & DC kids today 10-12 at Girard
Yeah!? :P good morning!
I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
Game tomorrow <U+E016><U+E00E>
I need happiness. :/
Awesome Website!.. Like it!
Who are you rooting for? #Eagles or #Bears? RT this & let me know who you're rooting for! Going to a #Bartab spot? DM me & I'll hook you up
Or the running water makes him all "I HAVE TO GO NOW!"
Figured that out early. The sales call was *really* impressive, though. Going to read 's stuff now. :-)
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 19
right well with 2 people workin on it. it goes fast. but i mean we still got hella work to do
Still recovering from Atlantis smokers cough and headaches from walking through the hallways. Maybe Aussies next year instead of Pca.
so many tips! Reach out to womenwhocode at gmail.
Just wouldn't b a opening wo a show tune!
sometimes, not remembering mey be the better.
love the fact that #Murdoch has been nearly taken down. slime that bastard!
whats with the crappy avatar? it sucks donkey balls. unfollow.
-- so #annoyed today. Can't get my paycheck from the mail because the mailbox key has been misplaced.
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND! ! find him on youtube:) he loves fishes lol<3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Very nice. Much better than Stuart Appleby!
Hell no
Getting ready for Killer Nashville.
love me some mysterious winos! ;) nice meeting you too!
“Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting” - Elizabeth Bibesco
#dame !! but they're kinda cool anyway
Collections in Context: The Organization of Knowledge and Community in Europe edited by Anne D. Hedeman F'86 now available from
Over 3K amazing followers later we're celebrating our 3rd twitterversary :) big thanks to for building this wonderful community!
Do it!
...publications, protests, even businesses.
Enjoying life & having a great time with my friends Kenny Cottrell, Derreck Kayongo & a special other at Eclipse di Luna....;)!! be blessed!
your the black kesha
Juan Direction!! Singing Juan Thing which is on their Number Juan Album!!
Checkin the refridgerator several times hoping food will magically appear
Have you ever stood in a room filled w people and u feel like you are the only one in there? I have....
Just watched the Green Lantern (who doesn't like a half-naked Ryan Reynolds? That's right. No one) But I really wish I hadn't wasted 2 hours
Baby always trying to live it up, that's our kind of love <3
Just got back from the press conference! Pics and videos coming soon!
Taking my gorgeous wife on a much-deserved road trip to San Antonio to relax and get away for the weekend :D
I need my iTouch back. I miss Twittahh.
pasta :D
Like most malls, they use foot-tracking services. I think that a lot of the traffic is around Black Friday when it's mobbed.
tommy boy? Lol
I don't like nicki minaj but i know all the lyrics to her songs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Laura try preservative free lubricant drops or Blink for contacts. Let me know if you need more help!
Happy Earth Day
Whatever it is, we salute you! Last year: $14K. This year: $23K. WOW, WHO!
i have 666 followers not cool someone follow me lol...
Twitter is currently the only social network your parents haven't ruined.
Freaking Amazing. RT : Danish Govt banned from keeping paper records since 1996!
Sorry. UR tweet isn't 'connected' to anything. What looks like a fake?
#WhatPelosiKnowsAboutGingrich He is actually "Xenu," dictator of the "Galactic Confederacy"
Hungry so left $50K championshp. Railing online. Bubble broke. Can u image plyn 4.5 days of great pokr & getting $0 bubbling a 6 fig payout?
oh and i have farmers daughter
go for it. I found it on pinterest.
One of my co-workers complains way too much. Dude you still have a JOB...
Walk into the party and just start bustin
My mother and I are moving heaven and earth to find a NYT in Huntsville.
Get your tix from This Is Everything for the & Patent Pending show on the 16th in Toledo!! Come hang out with us!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12pm-5pm, Dine in or take out
what are you up to?
Time really does fly when you are having fun!
digitalbg Video Review Canon i-Sensys MF3010 - canon copiers
Halfway through the second season of Mad Men and I already have a bar in every room and cigarette dispensers on every table.
oh so now, you're playing? I'm all chill and YOU go off and call me a hoe? and you call it playing around? yep. that's cool
Watch out for the red insect coloring in those.
i want to sleep but i'm not tired
Remember, it's cheap to send a nasty letter. But #fairuse can be argued and we have come to a reasonable consensus.
Any Vegas PR people looking for a new gig? I know a cool opportunity... DM me.
Wow, i never tweet anymore. glad my new phone has a twitter widget!!
There were 9 of them, but 4 had to be let go due to the economic downturn. I couldn't afford to keep them all on payroll
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 82
Well, not in an Olympic style bout, but certainly can use a rapier and a main-gauche much better. :)
Stoked, I just pre-ordered the #TheInterpreter: Live At Largo. Sounds great!
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
haven't registered yet, but bank on me being there!
nice my man! Donny is a monster. But hey, so are you!
I swear i dont Want To work!!!
Sam bradford....whatta joke....the touchdown wasn't even real life...
ArtikPix and PhonoPix look great on the new iPad! Thx Apple for automatically increasing the resolution of our images!
hey just saw this!
Yeah, I love it !!! #BeautifulTogether (: Jason & Jordin #ILoveThem I sent Jason a tweet telling him I love it.
well guess that's not happening #ImDone #Peace have a great rest of Ur life
ION FUCKS WITH THAT GIRL.....FUCK YOU #Mentioning ME FOR
Hows the world treating everyone tonight? Tonite is the end of the world. Though that's what they say. From the words of the old Poet.
Fat tree is up on Maudslay Road. Handsome vegetarians fed. Hot Fuzz in the front room. Nilsson importing. Rain raining.
omg I'm so sorry
so what parts should i do?
": If Denver trade Brandon Lloyd yea they want Tebow to fail.">WRONG. This is pro-Tebow cuz Lloyd speaks out in favor of Orton
Getting ready to watch a movie!
I sometimes did but FAU's and PBSC's are fairly lacking. Only really did that at the FAU Wilkes Honors College " Owl Burrow" center
Hand out copies of old tests and ask the students how to game them.
Rubio out for the season. Awful.
First road trip with Z this weekend. Visiting friends in Indianapolis! Trying not to overpack neither forget anything.
Hello to new friends: Nicaraguan-American filmmaker , Hyderabad-based filmmakers , in Albania.
ugh no I won't be there :/ I wish! Have fun!!!
i cant believe this nigga gettin on me shut up u old twit twatski ass niggggaaaaa
Im Bored...Stuck at work. Somebody REACT TO ME!!!!! I.... WANT TO TALK SPORTS... WITH YOU!!!!
thursday you ?
Wow. Much more quiet than say... Posada's press conference retirement. I'm sad about this. I'm sure he is not.
Spread the word!! Dancer audition April 1 for Moveius's July Steampunk ballet 1pm at DancePlace annex #dmvdance C
whenever you get tired of him, I'll be happy to borrow him for the weekend.
11 hour sleep and still tired. Ugh!
hey tiff u def do good work wish i was close to learn from u i tattoo but want to learn more
why yes, yes you are.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back & realize they were the BIG things. ~ Robert Brault via Christina Norman
I'm blaming the full moon and the solar storm, what's your excuse?
Everyone should follow !!! Most amazing polish restaurant in the states. No need for Poland!
Take away the right to say "fuck" and you take away the right to say "fuck the government."
TO DO's pt 3 If the accent is crucial, find out exactly WHICH British accent the director wants.
We Was All In One Night & I Tried To Write Some Shit & Big Mike said "Nigga You The Chicken Man We Got This..."
In honor
My little hippie baby just hugged at least 6 trees goodbye as we left the park.
Early morning grind...Goodmorning people! Make it a great one!
who is that the author of today's blog or LeBron?
c'mon, kings - let's get that #1 pick!
you can't force or coerce someone to marry you.
Amazing hair stylist, Donka, from does it again with a perfect haircut! She's impeccably meticulous! Thank you, Donka!
Aug 17 performance with and in Nashville, Indiana. Looking forward to singing live with them.
what time do you guys go on?
8-12 now ...had our chances yesterday too many unforced turnovers..last three games of regular season this week
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
NBA playoffs is what I'm going to be spending this weekend watching. Ready for Pacers win tonight!
be happy in front of haters, it kills them
I downloaded the CrockPot app & LOVE "what's for dinner" feature. What do you have lying around the house --> meal!
": Excited to see go in on the hounds!"<-- Excited to meet you and make you proud
I need you here at work ASAP. 9:30 earliest.
aw, thanks! do you like it?!?
same here,but It"s okay you will get there, just that they have to wait for you.
losing had to tell u sum shit
I said if you hungry eat thats all wtf is ya problem wtf are you. if you dont wanna hear people response dont post shit
I moved to revere a year ago, but I live off route 1 and feel separated from rest of revere. This is good segment. Informative
hello all! happy Monday Morning to you! Stop by the museum and check out Patterns and Perspectives-- only two weeks left!
i'm always gonna be a shorts, band tee, and chucks kind of girl. heels & skirts have never really been my thing.
U ARE AWESOME!
“: Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?”
I wonder if sitting in the car at the Ymca is considered a work out
YES! The week-end is upon us! Now I just need to get "upon" other things!!
I am getting to go to bed before midnight today, YEAH for me!!!Night ya'll!
Okay, I'll give you that, shatt *is* adorable. RT My mother partyy bout cute as shattt
pretty good. played our set at a show here in SD. uploading it to our YouTube channel soon if you want to see what you missed.
serves a critical need! Need better data collection of how many kids suffer to advocate for more programs like this
“We affirm not that we are better, but that we ought to be better.”
I think Roseanne Barr will be the best president we ever had. She is on our side,and she wants what we want.
Dale Watson | Austin, TX | Country / Alt.Country / Americana | Music, Lyrics, Songs. Enjoyed your show in Sweden it was shit good!
I will. I got chuuuu!
How magical! Really enjoyed your contribution 2the show btw! Very entertaining! If you ever need another diver let me know.
Three Days Grace, "PAIN"....
I will
Brent amy or may not be halting his "career" in order to pursue real acting! NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
exactly awareness is key step to have consumers decide to purchase...builds buzz. Great job
Last minute hotel booking in Chicago, fingers crossed…
Gettin some z's, big day ahead
IMO Stud 8 is the easiest, but that is b/c i suck at it
I'm off the networking grid for 3 weeks - off to India and Chicago. Hoping to catch up at more events in late May/June!
Maybe I'll get a visit from you while I'm at !
Currently the green card system takes between 6 -12 years before a foreign individual may be granted permanent residence within the US
damn you always find the winners
Finally done shopping :-) now I'm bored wassup ppl
My friend, Nick Wechsler, is on Revenge! He's also this week's guest on the ! I'll post the link when it's ready! :)
Help!! Looking for tix to #TaylorSwift tonight!! Show is sold out & my 10yr old is *HUGE* fan. Tweet me if you're selling a pair! thx K2
First day of spring break.. meltdown before 7a.m.
Welcome! Kick that meeting's butt.
I hate this side of town
I predict tomorrow's commute and ride will be skinny and pink. :D
Don't Forget the SPF during the winter,your skin is worse at bouncing back from sun damage!
Honestly, what the fuck is wrong with All I want to do is sort my mail by sender!
So did my husband! He fell asleep while we were watching Star Trek TNG w/his mom. She at least stayed up till 11!
neither of us recognized either of them.
Its a beautiful Friday. Have a great one!
two down on my nineteen years of summer list.
yes, that face is much needed. that wasted my time! made me mad for the night. i thought it was a HUGE secret!
Call time 6:30 am Getting ready to bring it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live
Currently on a mission to learn every dive bar in my hood. It's been an informative week, y'all.
The Slow mo Looks Like He Just Started Swinging For no Reason Tho!!!
Chuck Cecil's name just dropped on Mike and Mike show by Jeff Fischer. Bloody nose not mentioned, unfortunately.
U guy's really deserved to win the #KCA #BigTimeRush #FavMusic for all ur hard work love ya??
Gorgeous day!! Thank god!
Internet Gaming should be in New Jersey by this September!
great hanging out this morning! As always, you expanded my mind with your real true geekiness! Thanks for your help!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 31
I love that you were the first person I met on day one out in the hall! That was you, right? Great to stay connected via tweets!
How do we get clients to put content first when it can be a struggle to get them to provide content at all? Is it education problem?
yeah, I missed the transition too
Without practice for sports, I feel so out of shape and eat way to much
HOT RT : I dont know about you, but I'm totally into the chick still wearing the Mardi Gras mask a month later.
Thank you Gary. I should be back in full swing by July 4th. I hope all is well
We stand in our power when we stay OUT of judgment. Seems paradoxical, I know. But judgment keeps us stuck.
i got 99 cookies 'cause a bitch ate one
and 70.3 planned for the summer. Thinking about Looking for summer #race suggestions in
2hrs of !!! Omg im in #mindlessheaven <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
#TheThirst IS REAL!!!!!!
I'm often asked how to find new #donors. My answer is, "Bet all the donors you need are already in your database."
Are you still alive? Send me that new HH song ;)
All I can do is shake my head
Time's running out! Just days left 2 enter at #womansworld magazine 4 the chance to design your own healthy prize pack for $1500!
#YOLO is just an excuse to do stupid stuff that you'll regret.
there is a walking bridge on campus if you go towards the Comcast Center...it'll be OK your bowl is better then ours
16 projects publicly reviewed in 50 minutes by 15 students and 1 teacher instead of 3 private reviews + mine and a grade.
grr u told me to text u asap and i did now u r not texting me back!!
-- haha! I'll be gentle or at least try to. ;-)
Val was "trying" to talk to us while driving her convertable, had to pull over, couldn't hear! :) She's a riot!
Lebron pick on somebody your own size
gas station wine is awesome! not so sure about Virginia driving though...
Hey! Let's do it soon!
SAME haha! how weird is this
lol did you stay after today??
Help! Need a Milwaukee Camp for kids w/ disabilities that still has openings?! Andrew bucked camp idea for months, he is now coming around!
Man Night - Buffalo Wild Wings - 19th & Iola - 9:30PM - Be there or be square!
yes that was sweet! But what's not sweet is busting me out to your mom in the nursery today! Haha.
a minute in school feels like a year long
no problemo (in ur voice). Just couldn't pass up the opportunity to be a smart ass. :o) and thank u! **brouuhahaha*
the awkward moment when the bus driver slams the door in your face, cutting you off from your friends...
just wanted to let you know(: I think your
Feels good to feel good:) #werkout <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Judge less, love more.
same here!!
awww<3 I'd be screaming on the inside but acting all chill about it on the outside haha(: how do you know?(:
Packing for Spring Training is one of the hardest/confusing things to do. I freak out every year.
That gas so strong
It's Friday and I'm home figuring out Twitter, yay!
Most people will forget what you did and most people will forget what you said, but most people will never forget how you made them feel.
Which reminds me that Netflix may have limited copies of the film version of WTWTA because of his passing.
Has anyone noticed all these protests going on, though we have yet to hear about them from the mainstream media?
“Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.” <U+2015> Robert Orben
CHANGE YOUR THINKING, CHANGE YOUR LIFE
So, so behind your project. Super excited to use it in the context of game development. :)
dominating at the gym feels so damn good!!
Yes officer, I did see the 'Speed limit' sign...I just didn't see you.
Haha good times... For the most part (victim)
oh yeah wow,*keeps dancing* hard breathing Ah I'm tired now
it hasent done very well. So we are GOING to redo their interview soon. Everything else looks good tho! :D Its coming soon guys!
Anybody see that Nate Diaz whoop on that dudes ass in #UFC? Nate is a real deal sav you wouldnt want to fuck wit. #NorCal baby
Boys are such chicken shits! I though girls where suppost to be but I'm a shitload more ballzy then most if not all guys I know.
"i'm back at it like a crack habit, it's a fact that my rap's magic like black hats & jack rabbits" - Dark Knight of
On plane. - no more tweets. Thank goodness its time to leave Dallas... YEA.
awww look at that smile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
How was your day?
I mow the lawn this evening...now I feel like I'm going to pass out..hope I didn't over do it.
TX House staff expecting 500+ pages of amendments on SB 1811, probably needs to be dealt with before SB 1581 (w/guns-on-campus).
Ok woman shut up I don't appreciate the things you say about my mom -_-
buy the original Dawn dishwashig liquid, put drop on grease or blood area, rub material together throw in wash. Stain comes completely out
have her follow me, i love your mommy!
#caa2012 El Sevier as a colonialization of knowledge prodcution + very profitable; need tools like Scalar to think with
#Handmade papers are highly tactile, rich in texture and/or fiber, luxurious, sensuous and exciting. Your work becomes all these things
crap, second night in a row that my cube got skipped for vacuuming since i'm still here. i accidentally squashed cheese-it crumbs all over.
Thanks! RT : 2 things I love about Detroit: the new office of and the established office of
well the dark looks sexy if you ask me. I've never seen the blonde lol
Your live T-shirt experience sounds fun. I'll stop by & say hi. My base camp is booth
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give
Will you be doing something healthy with the Moms in your life to celebrate Mother’s Day today?
The Great '85 was pretty wicked!! Deer Vibes is up next! Stay tuned! Http://massiverocketradio.com
when do u not talk to yourself ?
Great to be @ CLA/CSLA w librarian friends. Props to the Sheraton for gracious early checkin & free local shuttle
“: Glad you are doing well in Atlanta but you are missed here in Nashville. Mucha suerte siempre. :-)” muchisimas gracias :)
with e spenc, thinking our beautiful mothers with a glass of wine and some shopping therapy. G. Bless Estrogen.
Followed! :]x.
TFS = Triangle Face Swagg. thank you for your time.
Industry Wednesdays with Buy 1 Get 1 Drinks 11pm-12am. Music by the Smokin Hot and !! In the
john legend is awesome!
Have a great show tonight! We're big fans of your music!
Back Tweeters !! x
I refuse to see anything calling itself "feel good"...or anything with Tom Cruise.
please follow? Thanks :) :)
who the fuck is david
After a long amazing vacation, it's time to get back to reality.
AUSTIN! FOR REAL! #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD!!! OMG<333 I LOVE YOU!
With this cutie <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Its such a beautiful day! On my way to the park #FIRSTLADIES we couldn't have pick a better day for our Crawfish Broil!!!
RT : With Pankey leaving, only one player -- Pe'Shon Howard -- remains from the #Terps' five-man 2010 recruiting class.
Fashion has the power to magically transform you, when you look good, you feel good.
im already following you :)
looks like you went to the allergist doctor. Hahahaha.
You subtweetn me!?
Wednesday at 1:30. Bur my checkout time is Thursday at 10:30 a.m.
yoo I like that "My Time" track. shit real laid back. I fucks with that
CJ Wilson isn't looking too bad.
I still get all fuzzy and nostalgic when I see a Chevy Malibu
"We might have broken heroku."
Just realized how much this summer has sucked so far, it was supposed to be a blast. Now not so much :\ Can I live in the past or..?
DOWNLOAD MY FEATURE FILM 'WHAT MATTERS MOST' for 99 cents! at CLICKFLICK.COM!!
holds convening of Scaling Innovation today: a funded project to bring successful #deved innovations to new colleges
{The tears of a child is for real. Try to understand them.}
New topic - Concorso Ferrari - Old Town Pasadena
I hate decisions.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius .....
Something's gotta give .
Have questions about hiring a mover? B staff taking calls live at 9News studios 303.698.0999
thanks for sharing with me!
I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shout-out to Colbert. Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year.
There's nothing left for me to lose except confusion.
You are the best rapper/singer in the USA!
Don't use QR codes to lead people to things that have no value-added content. Links should go to mobile optimized sites. Bloechle
occasionally, break dancing busts out at the House of Tea!
Nothing in sports compares to a Stanley Cup Finals Game 7... hope tonight's a good one... with several overtime periods.
Do we have any word on when next season should be coming up?
Long day is long, with miles to go. Thankfully, this is the pajama pants portion of the evening.
What have you been listening to this month? Tell us what you've found inspiring recently.
Have a damn headache now ugh
#isedchat we have no student response policy but that is a good idea!
Well, I'm officially lowering my expectations for 'Green Lantern' and preparing myself for a brutally masochistic experience.
Each exit from #AmericanIdol from now on will be "Not him/her!" I'm glad 1 of last night's weaker performers survived, but surprised tonite.
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again.
RT : Sagittarius I love all yall! :-) < and again. Real recognize real...
Aint nothin lik yo first love nobody will eva compare too that one person
I am discusted with the looters in London. They are preying on their own neighbors.
I downloaded the PDF to my iPad then bookmarked programs I want to attend in iBooks.
where do mock drafts have the Center from Michigan going?
Who's on it?
Man these rumors about me is crazy lbs
We agree - giving "follow" links is a priority. The object pages are set "nofollow" to concentrate PR elsewhere.
I am sure Johnny g would have done better. Don't look now but thru 23 games Getz may be royals best hitter.
RT : Listening to Jason Altmire speak in class tonight was amazing. Such a stand up, honest guy
- once we fed , he subdivided into clones of himself. Sort of like the trouble with tribbles!
just like that
If this keeps up the state of KY is going to be bonkers, I mean just crazy. Worker productive will be .0000000001% next week.
so bored on my ipad..chillin with my fam nd my friends :)
Christian Beadles + Austin Mahone + Taylor Lautner + Harry Styles = BOO!! aahjskshdjfldjsfj
I just installed the Al Jazeera Chrome app. I am awaiting my visit from The Department of Homeland Security.
the goldie video* rt ": Goldie >>"
how about your valentines day gift is the fact that chase ellison retweeted you. IT AINT VALENTINES YET
Creek?? Where??
Come on Mavs! We got the ball baby!
I am dressed right now as a parody of my art degree.
Consolidation day at RCA. Among those out: David Dyer, Michael Williams, Joan Fallon, Josh Reich and more. Details and contact info in RAMP.
I really wish that you would hold me closer when your stresses instead of push me away
RT : Strive for excellence, not perfection. ~H. Jackson Brown Jr.
all day even in the after life
Nite all! Heading off to snooze! z
“: Jessie on dance moms Miami needs to wear something that covers her fake boobs.” i praise this.
Seat 29E [HUMOR]
b/c she doesnt want me to pull off anpther all niqhter
You're welcome :)
i remember listening to you & Rodney on Oprah& friends & your son was just 3 :-)
At Flour Bakery + Cafe with mom enjoying a nice Saturday afternoon. So greatful!!
why do you think that?
Spent the whole day yesterday with my team...
Sports event or dinner out? New
I've missed you too, darling.
RT : URL to IRL friends are the best! Agreed :)
Never a failure. Always a lesson.
Did you ever find a person to sell merch?
PLZ RT THIS CUZ I LOVE U SO MUCH!!! :)
Thanks for the related article!
I wrote an extremelly amazing letter. It explains how I NEVER told Steven anything -.-' and how she's a dork. :D Lmfao.
We skype with students and learn about their different experiences from our own!
Hey mort, what's favre up to?
so much to do. so little time!
Oh don't mind me, Officer. Just casually driving down the road crying because of ' voice and feelings.
Despite being at home to pack and get ready to leave tomorrow I am now doing work :/
that can't be real
Ok fine. Retweet me.
I don't kno what u want me to do. I tried my best. U didn't
im talking what? Lol
thanks for an awesome conference to tweet about! I look forward to it every year!
Share With Friends: | | Music - Jazz News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
When it rains it fn pours...can't handle anymore :(
The Gaelic chicken is delish!!
thanks for following!
I prefer no rack! Let it soak in the juice! Yummy!
I know I am wayy behind with this... But... I LOVE #pandora .. Lol I just discovered how much I enjoy it
. I have a "caution" kid too, man I love that in a child. :-) Seriously, caution in teen years = yes plz.
I love getting my haircut <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Very true!
all I'm saying is, we're hiring at Urban.........
Wishing the happiest birthday in this great, great year!! Have the BEST day, Danielle! Happy birthday.
Happy Friday!!! Have a wonderful weekend.
Allergy pill... dry eyes... heavy lids... screen going fuzzy... more coffee...
Get over yourself. Stop taking everything so personally.
Well Reddick really lost it for us when he tried to steal home....
While is recovering from #sfbeerweek we'd like to remind him he's needed at #sacbeerweek in just a few days.
PA people: vote today!
Celebrating completing week 6 of 's #TurboFire workout #I'mOnFire
New NPR CEO starts this week. Interview on KPBS FM today at 11 followed by a Twitter chat at noon. Tweet to with
My whole body hurts.
Thank You. Looking forward to it as well! RT : Looking forward to your Elevator Pitch at
can i get a Chicago style hot dog in the Bay Area?! apparently i can, in Alameda. will give full report tomorrow.
what?! No way! Is this posted somewhere?
way easier to get somewhere using 'barack.'
No matter how early you go to bed, you're still gonna be tired when you wake up...
Wisdom is best evidenced by the questions asked rather than by the answers given.
Happy Mother's day to the most gorgeous inspiring person I know <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Yes, please tell me more about your hernia, old man.
beautiful, universal church we have; that's 2 different prayer givers that barely speak english, but oh, the Spirit that was felt!
What does your website look like on a mobile device? If you don't know, take a look. If it looks like squares and jumbled text, that's wh…
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them in person.
I'm so missing watching the voice... the last time I can recall when u we're still there lol... how u doin?
Why education is so important: "sicsors" was written on a legal form.
Because I have ideas, but they mostly consist of many of us relocating to Circus Island, where we run the world from our carnival silos.
Yawn. Wake me up when it's summer.
ok I'm going to go home first to change then I'll head over
-36oz so im riding round wit that Nina:)
Boyfriend taking his mom back to Mo. this morning. I'll miss her, but will probably drop a couple of pounds.
I need to get to 1000 followers b4 my friend!!!! Hell ME please! <3 I love all my followers!
Leww is the bomb. He found me all the Liyah acapellas so I could do her tribute mixtape. <3
The Master Cleanse lol !!
#HoodAwardCategories Least times evicted
just stating facts you know. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
When your dad tells you the only reason he bought really good speakers was because they feel good when your blasted...
We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives. -Robert M. Pirsig
yep no lie there..could turn around and see it again tonight RT The Avengers movie is outmotherfuckingstanding.
I know just give you a hard time.
Happy Monday! How about those #Redskins?! Happy anniversary to #POTUS and #FLOTUS!
Rangers putting that pressure on
Great ending to #californiacation season 5 going to be a long wait for the new season
How do I get my text msg icon back on my blackberry?!
Replacing it with fiscal & economic policies that continue to grow national wealth disparity and are failed models?
Patriots>giants
taking Mom to Italian Affair for dinner, fasting today so I can eat a whole lot of cheese tortellini w/Alfredo
Ah, but the men indulge in constant pissing contests. Social passive-aggressive, no?
Back at the wheel with finishing up this week's print issue. Hello again, everyone!
Early to bed and early to rise, makes me grumpy!
Wat make u thank u the one, that position comes with a lot of responsibility, ijs
follow back please? ;)
so yeah today just isnt my day.
Nothing says "still pretending we haven't given up" like Slurpee Lite.
Can't wait! I'm
good night Pokemyhontas
Full of win!
I won't need another one if we got one another <3
A bowl of oatmeal with blueberries would be nice.
Grilli's 3 straight FB's made Ankiel look old and slow. STRIKE OUT!
"Happy zombie jesus day! Instead of looking for brains, he was looking for souls" - Best Easter revision story of the day.
": Saturday Night is at " " !! Miami Ready for a House session !!! Mix live !!" See you soon w
Happy New Year to you too!!!
The headband look is finally working RT My mom just texted me, "Hillary looks fab." She is correct.
May he forever be heard by future generations as we seek to create a more perfect international community for all. Jah Bless, Bob Marley.
my glee over things like this doesn't go with my new plan to be less nerdy.“: Couple Things Are Illuminated #lessambitiousbooks”
knocking out this to do list!
i've been prayin all night that the most electrifying man in sports entertainment puts the smack down on cena
same here!
Thanks! You're very welcome! :)
Happy #FF and shout out to fellow Angelenos this wk--
Saw a guy just got his vinyl in Ireland. Should I worry that mine hasn't reached Rochester NY yet? Looking forward to getting it.
Fresh Friday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. DJ 12 Tribe and Kaztro spinning the best Hip Hop, Top 40 and R&B from 9:00 pm to close.
#sloancres I suspect accessibility accommodations may be a barrier for some of the lab and multimedia solutions discussed today?
I find the more I clean up my office, the more room for misc junk I find. Fill that space with something useful, or don't clean up.
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement, nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
so depressing
hey I've seen them too don't worry! Nobody believed in us this year either and we came out one game away.
I just did my Science homework this late at night and it actually looks like I'll get an A+ on it... I guess I'm just good like that...
The best? No lyin'? We'll take that compliment and raise you another. You're the bestEST.
Aww I was subtweeted while I was sleeping so peacefully... ?? thanks for thinking about me. Next time just mention me. ??
Watching Snapped..
Hello how are things going? Hope you had an outstanding Memorial Day. Dont forget to to tweet. Tweet! Tweet!
Or, conversely, what does it say about their views of representative democracy? [this has been "studying for comps and talking to myself"]
you should have gotten him on the Rangers! Don't you have some pull? :)
Why didn't you tell us, Alexander? Stick with us, save your pounds, and go digital on those flashcards.
Celebrating my Dad's life my taking my son to
Margarita Party Tonight! Come and join us. 55% Off Margarita Pitchers at Casa De Lara only through www.dealoria.com
Dear charity walkers: Please don't give your 7-yr-old an iPhone to play with during the walk. Especially if they're in front of me.
no I'm sure did well too, he shouldnt be mad!
Love the coverage. Keep it up!
good then lol ;)
Wanna advertise directly to those customers in coffee shops? Inquire here,
RT : I'm just going to stay under the covers and pretend like its still dark outside.
we support your cause!
Congrats on your accomplishment!! I love you so much!
In life, as in football, you won?t go far unless you know where the goalposts are. Arnold H. Glasgow
How about that #Lolla lineup? Who are you most excited to see?
exciting for goal scoring but some pretty bad hockey from good teams in that series.
another reason to support public transit “: Today on the bus I saw an old man masturbating thru his pants. Uncool.”
WHERE is our check?!?! RT Lovely outdoor dinner in E. Village with
Wow! I'm not the biggest jb fan but thats real good :]
Great write up. I enjoy your stuff. You and I see eye to eye much of the time. Thanks for the insight this season.
FREE tix to see PERLASCA:THE COURAGE of a JUST MAN. Mon. 2/ 20, @ 7 pm at Angelica-Mockingbird Station. Email
Great Quote! “: "Stone crumbles, wood rots. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream- they go on and on.” ~Chuck Palahniuk”
Tommy says cash is king--create some jobs and get a stack of Benjamins from Pasco County!
Who are the at-risk members and how can we keep them?
I need to slow down & take a break..lifes moving too fast
Having worked in Madagascar for years, I need to read 's article "Blood Timber" on the fight to conserve hardwoods there.
Yes! Depending on what part of town you're in, but I would say definitely Oscar's in the Plaza on Fremont
Today i met and from by chance in the , union square. Really cool guys.
Br stall doors should be made so that they open outward. Hate opening the door & falling over to avoid touching the toilet with my pants.
Stuck in traffic on way to Solheim cup, flat battery on car rental delayed me this morn, now taken an hour to do 1 mile. 3miles to go. :-(
I say DON'T do it for just an hour. Let your mind wander instead. If it was 2 hrs it would be a different story. Safe travels.
Are you man enough to clean the house and get the kids cleaned up before wife gets home from a business trip? Can your fucking ego take it?
I am doing great thank you for asking. Any new projects?
WOW! GREAT DAY OF FOOTBALL @ Clackamas Youth Football! SUNNY AND 70!
I'm finna listen to some music...
Having to support Java code that interacts with DLLs is painful.
I know we can't but damn show not gon get ran out the gym lol
guess what is telling awkward stories about your favorite fireworks bartender to his parents.
The joys of farming. The first tomatos are tasting so good. #localmke. Family farm grafton. Stop by and see whats growin...
Congratulations to Cirque du Soleil on the opening of IRIS, their new permanent production in Los Angeles this week. Which city is next?
You must be under 30?? Eat before bed = acid reflux. :-(
Smile a lot. It costs nothing and is beyond price.
#SoutheastMemories wen me an used to steal chicken sandwiches an sell em for $1 kuz freshman year dey waz $2.we used to boom
Thanks, friend!! xo
shout out to you fam good lookin' out!
girl me 2
Inappropriate work convo #4,527: Tiff: Donuts in the kitchen. Todd: Oh man, did I miss vegan-donut day?? Bummer. :) Tiff: Suck it, snarky.
Also figuring out that the same thing is happening with other people I follow (and long since been approved) w/ protected acct
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Badger FB coach joins The Mike Heller Show at 3:45pm
Where would we be without Damon Fizzy? :o!
Thank you SO much! :)
Great time for a company/organization retreat!! Check out just 1 of our many wrkshps. 2 bring trng. to an offsite.
I repeat things for emphasis. EMPHASIS!
Thank you maam! :-)
you need to be our talent at 2012 Denver Pride. 2010 we had En Vogue.
back on
shit I can't find my D Wade jersey
I RT'd it the other day.
haha i bet I can extend your record with Orgasms lmao
Omar was killed by a boy from Greenmount West.
Nothing like seeing the happy mother's day tweets and retweets from assorted porn whores.
Bet y'all ain't know Braxton off The Jamie Foxx Show is Tim Duncan's brother..
Whitney Houston is dead?! Weird...
who the hell tweets at 1am oh yeah me
Thank YOU, Cynthia, for your support and hard work for the campaign. You rock!
Ready to cut these records n take my ass home...it has been a TRYING ASS day...1 person I talked to today that didn't aggravate me...1.
Most clicked items in last weeks newsletter 's article and What will the S&P downgrade do to housing.
dont got no service out here
That quote was made by Wally Amos
Currently working on lotsa music .. my other job
Lunch is calling you. Don't try to skip it. Must. Not. Resist.
Great to see a So Cal native making it in the big leagues and on my blue jays to boot! Keep it up!!
Searching for new Christan death/black/gothic metal bands...
Sounds perfect!!!!
Do it!!!! RT i just want to eat a whole bunch of saltine crackers.
Ima Be Wet As Fuck Prom night
I can't scroll down my timeline without seeing a Tweet every 15 min from a teenager tackling another for having the same celebrity crush. :I
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee? ? -
if you can make me laugh with cheesy jokes, that makes you 100000000% more attractive!
I want to meet
the preschool final <<<<<
nice! Hope you have as good an experience as we did. Post some pix too!
how is u and ur GF
check out the beautiful and talented
Finally the weekend!
hahaha I started on wednesday... haha
I could use a screwdriver right now
LMAO thank god!
That dude no Celtics fan Minty is the new Steve from fall river!!
Watching The Hangover... This movie never gets old
I knew Justin Bieber was gay, he's got his own line of nail polish!
"They sang to me, 'This is yours to wear. You're the chosen one, there's no turning back now.'" ::bat for lashes::horse and i::
They say #men are dogs... But what does that make a
haha, yes. while flying in a parallelocopter.
Paul McCartney's "My Love" is such a great love song. What's one of your favorites? Oh, and so is Rihanna's "California King Bed"...
Tough one. Trailers for Get him to the Greek looked hysterical...
Had an amazing class today with Tim Phillips.....an AMAZING ACTING COACH!!
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition "taking 1 step @ at time and these jams won't stop until I reach what's mine"
I will be at Sculpterra Winery this afternoon for the Songwriters at Play showcase. Looking forward to a beautiful Sunday afternoon!
I've been Thinking Bout You <U+2665>.
all i need is 3
i dont feel right wen ur gone awau i miss you more
Thanks for supporting us!
Working on new music about to have the game in a choke hold this summer
Just reading a bit of your time line. Don't waste your time on Ass Hats like that. We all love you and think you're Awesome!
Really dislike the new parking deck number system at MCV.
Hi have a fun weekend! I'm also now more often...
dem niggas weak
Hope your day is awesome!
WTF??!!!! Wow today's the anti-homophobia day or something like that I think that's a cause that's worth fighting for. #justsaying PEACE!!!
OMG I LOVE YOU
You guys need to expose tech hoarders on your show. So many better uses for old tech than sitting in the closet.
“: Manipulation and persuasion have negative connotations, but it doesn't have to be that way. - #idea10”
Start shooting Echo at 11 Oak Drive tomorrow. It's going to be intense.
okay cool I guess, who's all going?
I hear that, especially after last night. This place was an apocalypse of green clothes and slurred desires.
I'm jealous of your x100.
Liquid content includes emotionally compelling stories that quickly become pervasive
To the guys in the VW who just yelled at the Wisconsin Club limo, "Lock your doors, motherfuckers."
Yes! Thank you! Few things are more irritating than a falsely ecstatic (or begrudgingly neutral) blurb.
All those fairytales are full of it.
Whenever I feel like this I don't eat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Reminder to all Company dancers...Open Class tomorrow 5:30-7pm. Join us for contemporary class with Miss Chrissy!!!
Watching some Conan!
Flying over capitol...views fr my 3rd floor
they're people too bob they've missed a few each way dont forget the "late hit on osu's first drive"
Avengers is the only movie I've seen where the audience clapped...hell they did it twice!
And it will never be enough.
puppies behind bars, sounds interesting, rememeber there are kids in foster homes the same way
#JustinDrewBieber is trending... #BELIEBERS OWN TWITTER!! TAKE THAT HATERS!!
BANG!!! ;) *blows kiss* ": More Xmas shopping! Shoot me! Lol :)"
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Loves that Miami is 0-1. Fear the Deer!!!
oh hey I'm going to steal your turtle. Thank you for postin such a wonderful picture aha<3
ADV ENG I - Don't forget about tomorrow's Socratic Discussion on love! Also we will be reviewing for the Romanticism test as well.
The sun is out and LitFuse is working... cracking the whip around here! I can't wait to show you what we are working on.
Yuckylicious: Have a Heart
I get out there occasionally....love good BBQ! Thanks for the shout out!
lol yeah buddy. we da best >:)
Loved meeting our Kentucky librarians /fellow book nerds at the Kentucky Library Association meeting in Louisville today/yesterday!
my iTunes claims I've listened to Black Kids' "I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How To Dance With You" twice in 2012. my iTunes is a liar.
played it for ya playa. Have a gnight.
Love RT : OneRepublics Good Life always makes me think I should have the top down, wind in my hair, road tripping somewhere
Aw sorry bud. But trusting people is a good trait. The people that betray that trust are the jackasses.
It's a surprise you havent caught on yet. It's noothingg personal, you're an embaarrassment
Not awake this morning blegh
I feel like should be a 24 hour spoiler grace period for all tv. Twitter has spoiled #RuPaulsDragRace within an hour of airing.
": Calling it a night xo"
Finally, some inspiration.
Just wait till you hear our new song #TIMEBOMB!!!
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
*nodding my head to "Call 911 for Emergencies"* Lovin' how you guys sound =]
it was awesome running into you today<3
slicing figs
yes indeed it does :)
RT : If the founding fathers had been in favor of good health care, they wouldn't have died at such a young age.
Best meat - Hinterland
ESPY'S WEEK BEGINS TONIGHT @ COLONY!!
Enjoy! Was wondering if you were in the house this season.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wish we taped it.
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: Walker found that prompting memories with images was much more effective than just "share your memories"
I love #ChillontheHill in Humboldt Park.
hard core! Best of luck.
hahah omg so dad wanted to go to this German restaurant tonight. Just imagine how much food I was given lol
I can't sleep it's almost 5am and I have to work today =( it's going to be a very long day for me *tears*
hey jack
SMTips: Make saving a game. Challenge yourself/other family members to see who can save the most money. Winner buys lunch?
give you all the wellwishing in the world get well much love and respect BROSKI hope to be close !
something like that
we would tear up Coachella!! ;)
My opinion doesn't matter much. But it would inconvenience everyone who uses the Rose Bowl Loop jogging path.
#Wellingtonswag I love how you call your fans !! your awesome
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!:)
Just got done with this order.....im tired as heck....but we love repeat customers who always order big!!!.....
When I think of "him" I smile When I say "his" name I giggle a little When "he" says hi to me my heart skips a beat<3
Success! Closing racial-ethnic achievement gap included in college completion goals. ( budget briefing)
After art-ing it up nearly ever night this week, it's time for lake cottage hibernation >>> KH out
Gearing up for an awesome show with and CSPS at the Canal Club. We may even have a new song for just such an epic occasion...
Also congrats!
Lol they good its my first time eating them RT That's my fav!!!I I'm jealous lol
I like the beauty in games. Especially ones found at GenCon!
Yep, 10 levels of strength on spiked dong of doom. And The Red Dragon. Like a rabbit, but a dragon.
david rosenthal (lockss): with web personalization, we may have to settle for capturing "a" rather than "the" user experience
time for you to get the hell outta there like for real....
Akinade: scholarly publication faces many challenges,most of which are money-related:educational budget, scholar pay, equipment.
Come on Lakers.. Do your thing
The TNR article on Perry makes a point about how out of touch the academy is. Perry's proposals, however, seem unhelpful.
Kendall. Jenner is my favorite. Kardashian!
well Nabokovsanity isn't quite cutting it for me...
Anyone here familiar with FFMPEG encoding?
": When you say you're "in love" make sure you do love the person you're with and not just the idea of being "in love"" truth
Knick fans parting like the red sea all quick like bwahahahahahahahahahaha. #letMiamiGo hahahahaaaaaa
Is ready for some time with & our boys this weekend!
OOh No, I forgot my markers
So apparently being a lesbian is the latest fad at Mater.......
I knew it. Guess I'll just stick to watching series from beginning again.
writting part 2 for the story :)
Why is internet always 100% more interesting when you have homework to do.
Dear Math, I am not your Therapist, solve your own problems
alright, thanks! :)
Hello! Do you have any cute rain boots in stock?
In that 'everything pisses me Hoff's kind of mood.
Just had a fabulous prepared by Mary at oraclefortunes.
You feel speacial.!!
Found a dress, just need a date! ;p
If I could have liked your comment on the blog, I totally would have. Such great points with a healthy dose of sarcasm. Love!
Well, that happened.
Glad you liked it Steve
Its a beautiful day, how is everone?:) -Ashley
Something tells me I deserve this...
thank you so much!
There's nothing more that I want than to get a college acceptance letter from the University of Florida already
Excited to see play!
Isaac's dream! loll
thanks for the love! we couldn't be more excited!
"Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it"
I wake up at ten to seven, at my own accord, on weekends
just here for a week of shenanigans.
that's an oxymoron, right?
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours
let me when you want to and I'm there
Really don't wanna work today, just wanna play video games all day and not be bothered
that's funny cuz I totally didn't bring her around you, real classy to threaten her that way too.
- what does ragge mean?
Thanks for the RT. I see you work for Safelite. Have you had success in social spaces?
check out ma boy his music bang hard y'all should
I saw the same thing yesterday! Love it!
Thanks for the suggestions!
whoever claimed #sleepnessnights was an amazing action packed french film needs to get their brain checked. the stupidity was overwhelming!!
Thanks for the CEM Daily mention!
He Good With That Bitch ( : Cause Im Doing Better
between, the Rt 66 sign, NM license plate and classic car it paints an image of something "different" not just a pretty landscape
happy birthday bro
what's going on??! :-) whatchu up to?
Gearing up for the start to another fantastic school year!
don't forget the margarita! ;-o
thanks so much for following! Be sure to chk out for all of your mktg, adv, pr, & graphic design needs!
Hey, did anyone order a Windows Phone 7 device from #microsoftstore for a $0.01 back in June?
4-1, 5-1, & 6-1 in different places from what I hear, but thats on paper from what we've seen in their past....
sleeping all day = awake all night. oh boy.
Good morning to our new followers; !
I love you, Levon Helm.
“: Cool story babe. Now make me a sandwich.” :)
Where the cash at that's all I ask
Y'all better just hamonize!
This is stunning!
Venus, jupiter & mars were all up there! RT : what planets are out tonight? I think I see jupiter and mars.
Just wondering why these children keep acting like this!
Q1) Imagination and creativity are appreciated.
i want to kiss a boy.
Yeah fuck all the people who act like there doin somethin but there just talkin'
and again as others have pointed out its a start to the discussion only equality of PW's, not other artists
RT: With runners on first and third, #Padres' Dale Thayer strikes out CarGo to save a 3-1 #Padres 3-1 victory over Rockies
Thank you for including info about my blog on #citybranding as one of your favorites.
I'm well man, fresh off vacation in the bahamas, burnt. Whats going on this weekend?
Happy birthday Mista Newton. (:
Watching Martha..man I wish I had some of that cake..Wish I could win that sewing machine too..I have a damn KA mixer!
w holidays nick :) hope u remember who I am the one who came up with #rouxer ?
Are you volunteering this weekend? Tell us about it...
Game & Fish bill passes, among other things raising fees for fishing and hunting. That amendment failed in the House version.
Lots of great "real" demos this AM including article level #metrics from #PLoS (Pete Binfield)
There's a OLLG ticket? Wutttttttt
Cognac is now fiscally attainable! RT : Ha is only in it for the booze 'Cheap food' indeed. Lies!!
Are you okay?! RT : Wow-finishing- I handled this but shouldn't have had too-crazy- #strongwoman. But it is troubling
Who do you see as the #NYRangers biggest threat on their way to the #StanleyCup? Pit, Bos, Phi, other?
Saturday morning! We're gonna brunch it up :)
Dude, just started following you. You're killing it on the Jets beat, keep it up. CC:
Tell Walmart to fuck itself. Far more appropriate imo, not that Monsanto isn't bad.
I can't believe you tweeted my private prayer request!
no :( my furniture finally came today & i have a feature due this week so i'm swamped. are you going to any other iny events?
well last night you wanted someone to talk to....
it's hard to follow the best, y'know?
I WANT PASTA!!! - eugene OF COURSE IT'S ME EUGENE CAUSE LAUREN NEVER TWEETS!!!
The sound of kids singing in the morning...happy faces...I'll take it anyday!
Mornin' all! Hope everyone has a great day full of basketball, basketball, and more basketball!
developing the daylights out of a new site for , it is coming soon - a lot of hard work going into this one!
Bought some twizzlers to eat while I walked home
My feeling is that he is 2 much of a project at four. I need more of a guarantee at that spot on a team that needs help EVERYWHERE.
Copied from Facebook, bro!
Hey Nikko! Hope you are doing well, you been on my mind. I know you're strong tho girl.. keep faith :-)
In 60's/70's ppl spat on military service folks; my plane just applauded for soldier on board. Progress in public discourse, beautiful hope.
thanks Dr. Mark!
Give us your thoughts. What are your thoughts on Braun, the Brewers getting Gonzalez and Ramirez?
social media is a democratization factor, it doesn't enhance diversity, it equates everybody
Commuting blows
maybe next time you should help the old lady cross the street ;)
mynewteam gotta be the 76ers for now ....nuggs then rockets....
"At some point, we have to create one vision-- one D-- so everyone knows what their role is." awesome panel
Pay attention to everything and everyone....RT : I'm thinking of going into the field of PR! Any advise?! (:
Per the last tweet- is nothing sacred anymore??
Check out for the Newest releases from Neal morse...
somebody wanna come hot tub with me ??
Hello NC, I wish it hadn't taken so long to get here! #ATL #Hartsfield no fun! could do a bit better w/ customer service at night!
no can do. What about October? My mum was going then.
thats cool I wouldn't have gone even if I was invited- emma
Been doing well! :) thnx drop on by sometime RT : How's cafe Sevilla?
clearly I meant to say "daring" not "dating". :-) lol
There is no excuse as to why Paul Pierce can never have a Fresh Haircut Period!! No excuse, 2 many Millions in is wallet for that nonsense!
hey don't you think TLC's "Toddlers & Tiaras" is just like a "Jersey Shore" kids edition?
My mother was the first woman in her family to go to college, and she says it was possible because of Jimmy Carter's Pell Grants program.
Excuse My French lol
Band was #swangin tonight at Dizzy's!
Thank you Twitter for welcoming us in a few short weeks! We'll work to keep you posted on all the details of our book and movie projects.
10k a year to blow bubbles with
Testing Friend Stream to see is it really works ....
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. - Rene Descartes
It's awesome that us paying Google Apps users can't get on Google+ yet
Welcome...Great Tweets
<<=== you boys found a good one. Read some nonfiction and learn something bud
Party tomorrow with <3
Aloha Harry!
that is true #friendship I love he has to be one of my favorite and intriguing ppl!
Looking for exposure FrecitiMedia dropping 1st issue of magazine June 1...Get ur ad today 6 different markets....we in the streetz!!!!
when do you need it? I have two at my parent's house!
I've been missing your food pictures!
hahahahha scrawny. That's funny. Ill beat the shit out of him
Yeah, its worth listening to. There are some really good songs and then some not so good ones
RT : RT : just fucking killed the studio with New song will have Cleveland killing Sally BIK
Haha, that's too true!
RT : Yes, I am a professor for USF. Social media certification just became available for enrollment. (very cool!)
Oh okay so all the dipshit gods die in the end except for hades. Wow hahahahahah gay
For those who like to kick it old skool, our walkie talkie handle is SMOKEY THE PLUM.
Saw you on the wall at Busy Bee's.... is it not the best!?
I'll call and txt him too...I LOVE the SHAMBLE!!!
Off to Florida with :D
I texted you
Totally Boy Band! Cool
Getting upset,, need someone to talk to....
So what we get drunk so what we smoke weed we're just having fun and we dont care who sees ;D
Just saw a guy propose to his girl here at in front of - she said yes to much applause!
I hope Ev is feeling better :(
Found my old Mr Twist album by Kids said it sounds like old people music. I said no....it's music to bowl by.
Debate with action, proselytise with results.
Thanks baby for the 3 muskateers, they are so good
nice ride!!! i have the same frame but the ISP. Giant makes some wicked bikes!! enjoy!
Great Prices on New Construction call for details scottbensonrealty.com 972-249-7219
Watching I Love Lucy
haha okay. Then tell these bitches to hurry up. Jk
So loving my coffee mornings with - its the gift of unemployment! H - seriously think about my chicago idea.
Highly recommend the new GALAXY NEXUS
"I'd like to bring these guys/gals to you because they are different. They have their own purple latex fashion style..."
cool! I've only heard a couple of her songs. How do you get tix for that?
omg I love you
girl: ily boy: awww i love you to girl: I'M LEAVING YOU!!!!!!! xD fail
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance for Normalization of Blink Patterns in a Dry Eye Population (D963) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Everyone is life is gonna hurt you, you just have to figure out which people are worth the pain. <3
mine to shooo I got tha heater under the cover lol
every one have a great weekend
going to target when you're a parent is even worse. Always a few random cool outfits that end up in the basket.
Bring your tween down to for Tween #Knit today from 330 - 5pm
Plan a shredding block party and all your shredding is free. Call for details.
Aye! Well said. Better to make nothing than to make crap. Crap inhibits and delays the good stuff.
Seeking an Application Developer in the Boston area to develop and implement iPhone/iPad Android applications. Call Maria: 617.262.1313
i need help makn this flyer let me knw whos creative
"The LORD make his face shine upon you, and be gracious unto you."~Numbers 6:25
Making a dairy-free "kitchen sink" quiche today using whatever's in the fridge: jalapeno, applewood bacon, mushrooms. Yum!
you should add alcohol to the mix. Trifecta!
Congrats to he was Fridays random winner! If you want to win tell your friends to follow Happy St. Paddy's Day!
10 minutes to weezer. Thank god for pro equipment. This rain is a bitch
I was literally thinking it was the same thing, I was like "awe Kayla!"
I swear I hate when someone says nut when they're not talking about the food. Just say cum please
I agree with that 100% babe
you're in the city again?
Live and let DIE!!!!!
I wonder do remember my dad DULAA!
Was #Thucydides describing American politics? “The Greeks did not understand each other any longer, though they spoke the same language.”
“: we about to get this party tonight wit ” what party???
Who.s the drunk guy directing traffic? This guy that's who.
It's 3am. She won't put out,
PLAY The Number Game :)
- Ok, someone whose taste I respect. :)
sorry, I was working :) I miss you too! How are you?
Come grab a pair of Levis we still have some fair weather around for u to still rock a pair of 569 or 501!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$1.00 OFF CHLOROPHYLL ALL MAY LONG!!! Detoxifies Digestive Tract & Supports Intestinal, Circulatory & Digestive Health! Fresh Mint Flavor!
haha yeah this is hard (could be worse things though)
i'm always a tweet away :D ..how ya been?
just got HBO so I could watch #gameofthrones. My bro in TX is watching right now, how many more minutes do I have? #winter is coming
do you mind having so many actors follow you?
Does anyone have the date the new #GopherFootball unis will be unveiled? ? ? ?
cool my mom loves that game :)
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed. Sir William Temple
hahahaha, so true. Books always go first.
There are 2 types of people in an organization...first kind you have a party for them before they leave...
We could save the world with our laughter. Haha
Dont take a shower with your window open...cuz then a bee will fly in. youll scream... &fall. Fml ouch.
that's what she said! Byaaaa!
If you put my whole life right now into a song it would be Payphone.
thank you for the RT!
watching Home Alone and the Cowboys...you?
Seriously, shredding papers is the worst thing ever.
I just saw walk in. He doesn't see me yet.
do you man and make moves that matter. Coolest Canadian out there.
That's Wat it do Then Bro Hit Me
#DaughterOfABeautician You have to wait until she's done with her clients to get your hair done
Tonight I will be a grandma and be in bed by 10 at the latest #sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Put it like this ... the 3rd of april will be at Have A Nice Day Cafe with that official
U know its a good game of world cup when u have to stop due to fact u can't see a fucking thing due it darkness or a good keeper
Anyone wanna go to an indoor pool with me and the family?;D
If Obama is talking to the Nation tonite, do they pre-empt it for the Braun decision?
The older I get, the less cynical I get.
A perfect engagement gift: Wedding Day Assistant. Email me at jensbriderescue[at]gmail[dot]com for info
Asham is my hero
Can't sleep again
Hello there!
Ah #Community good to see you again!
Tomrrow's Easter?
Learning hindi in the bar with the roomie! #FRIDAY!
And it Is higher than #intellect. A great #soul will be #strong to live, as well as strong to think.
Just finished a class with about 25 of our foreign staff members from our embassies. Great people doing great work. Wish I worked with them!
i'm down:)
I really don't feel like going to class today.. UGH
Impressive group of rising seniors on campus yesterday. 2013 recruiting is off to a good start.
May 1,1942: German bombers first attack on Liverpool. Raids continued for 7 consecutive nights.
Hey you should really follow (:
Let's go eat
roasted three-kind green beans. with which,brewed coffee and tastes much bitter than i expect
Not being able to breathe through your nose when you're trying to sleep is a fantastic feeling.
I love this crazy wind... :-)
Thanks Dustin, you're on my list
glad I was funny...twice!!
Still waiting to hear all the details from our reporter..
Lovely picnic at the U.S. National #Arboretum looks like spring has FINALLY sprung in the District.
Pretty hungry though
close enough lololololol it's late and I'm tired :p
#KANSAS WINS!
Kobe a beast tho, can't stunt.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things are better now that you've had a weekend off and time away. What did you end up seeing?
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200! Email answers to . There is a tiebreaker question. Good Luck!
very classy
Talking to myself again!
People need to kind their own Business
hey man! You do promotion? Were back on twitter w/a vengeance and looking for new followers. Also
oh my god, Puck with Becky...... HEART IS MELTING!
there are sober kids all around the world. Be greatful!
OMG!!! Big Time Rush is having a concert in #Vermont this summer!
gosh I was just playing bo bo
LTS Heather Woods & Eileen Hardy start off the event. "future of library spaces and services on campus.
Thanks, at the fest! RT :
love all, trust god....shout out to my family
Yes, I saw the invite for #WWF. It was your move; I was waiting on you!! lol
Uh its only Tuesday? Friday, plz come faster?
My 26,000 tweet goes to all my family and friends and # castle fam too hope everybody enjoying their summer thanks for entertaining me xoxo
“: THIS IS SO FUN, LOL, PEOPLE JOIN ME.”
i just realized that the house party will be the next time me alan and are together.
#resume #tips When you interview, USE Google to do background searching of the company to get keen info about the leadership, and mission.
I love waking up to cute messages.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Yes, they are onion and we will soon be selling them in store and at our farmer's markets! Hope that helps.
If I was younger and going to school I'd be in a bad mood it's annoying hearing teachers yap all damn day lmao
No not quite, just meant thanks for the follow! getting there...
The only way to expand your comfort zone is to get uncomfortable
psshaw, i shall start NOW >:3
ya lo sabe loco.
Oh and I can send you pictures of what my book had. It's Jace's perspective of the alley scene from the 4th book & I took (c)
That "In The Heat Of The Night" tweet is a killer cuz niggas KNOW they remember that show as a youth lol
excited to see everyone at the LA division of this weekend at the annual Holiday party! It's been too long!
I've haven't worked with #LadyGaga although I saw Her #Grammy rehearsal with #EltonJohn last year
Thanks, girl!
jokes about rape aren't 'office ok'
follow Dam hottie
IM CRYING TOO...THE PARTY & PARADE WERE RAINED ON...NO KEY HITS...SUNSHINE AHEAD...PO MO!
#Women do not get #BV from toilet seats, bedding, swimming pools, or from touching objects around them.
we just don't try at times and it bites us in the ass. but #ship sounds like you no were going on a boat lol. so i put
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!92
I know I tweeted it before, but I think a combination of Game of Thrones and the movie Alien is a great idea. Get on it already.
Congrats, Brad. Keep us updated. How have you like the Practice DVD set so far?
I'm in such a sugar mood, I want brownie batter and a cake and dutch letter bars and something with carmel
When I speak Chinese in my house to myself, my cat runs with concern to my face to see what's going on up in there. #sadcatladypost?
Hey everybody! Don't forget, we are playing tomorrow night at The National Underground here in #nashville. Come on out!
Glendale! the for Lovers us Festival on 18th Wisconsin Join Beer June in
Almost post draw time!
Np : New World - The Clips
they're all yummy! Hope I run into you sometime there :)
Friends @ CILE in Pachuca. Thank you for being such great hosts. I had a wonderful time.
Falk: "we put a big dent in that over 100 year old glass ceiling at governors office."
$275 for both amp and guitar
I learned three important things in college - to use a library, to memorize quickly and visually, to drop asleep at any time given a horizon
when your over the age of 12 dance battles shouldnt be ur priority in the club
haha omg no i was totally kidding! i would be a real bitch if i was being serious!
nice meeting you at the wonderful event last night! Go #women #entrepreneurs in #tech & beyond!
yes, project based learning, collaboration...doesn't need to be cut throat, but in many ways Biz & school r similar...
Thanks Eli. You just cost me 20 bucks.
more fascinated than obsessed, Ms. Burnett.
I also think you guys deserve another announcement, too. You've been good. How about later today?
great you
Can we get some #FF's goin on? RT!
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
#Phroum12 Four key things to building a #Cloud infrastructure. Hear from what these are.
good luck ladies!! RT : I'm about to announce #Mamavation Moms...drumroll please.....
Marchers return to Zuccotti Park/Liberty Plaza, several arrests but no major altercations.
#AskAlexConstancio how tall are you ? :)
I am reading #Code 2.0 now, transformative in my understanding of the #Internet. Hard for gov promote #privacy and
We love us some Archelon Enclosures. The best enclosure system money can buy!
Leo tweeted and he's username on instagram is #whoisleo and sorry the I only tweet u now i was busy ..!!
I needa stop bitchin cuz my job could be way worse...
Listening to some getting ready for the big show Sunday that got and I as a wedding gift! Psyched!
“ “ Niggas only act funny when it's somebody else in the picture!!! #fact”
“ Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus. The tighter you hold on, the more it hurts.”
After taking a beating where we've become a wounded animal, I like to quote Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto because it best fits...
Did you know that any #digitalsignage screen owner can get involved with locbit as long as their screen(s) are connected to the...
I'm naming my kid rdawckabsemaneradipoots.
I see lol and not shit man chillen what have you been up too
MACRONUTRIENTS - Know what they are? How many? Kcals per gram?
I probably already told you this, but the doctors thought I had Downs Syndrome for the first 2 days of my life,
So glad I didn't listen to the lazy me and not workout.
The Loving Story is an #HBO documentary on the Supreme Court case that abolished state bans on interracial marriages.
Working and playing some today.
People are going to start thinking that all of your tweets automatically come with a star from me.
I should be over her house right now
No inside defense game after game they get beat in the paint
I need to stop falling for straight guys. It never has a happy ending.
Its an all night party that we're getting into. If you think it's all over than the joke is on you!
was recently, how was it Becks? cc:
hello... please follow me please
you too brotha. Always a pleasure
is heading to the #Jackson #Mississippi airport after a successful day of meetings in
Make a little space and get out of your own way. -Rachel Platten
Finally getting back to for happy hour! Monday at 5pm, I'm going to be a very happy Scribby with !
Chewing like a pig << <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0096>
at another Diff. Instr. workshop -- my second one. I need him in my head all the time as encouragement.
OH GOD. YOU DID THE WRONG THING TO THE RIGHT GIRL.
This demo I just got to one of my records is the SHIT!
Running Rebels is now featuring Youth of the Month! Check out this month's youth- at www.runningrebels.org
Would love to see list of reasons why facebook+instagram. Would have given Google competitive advantage?
At first when I saw him at the res. I was who is that cutie and than i looked it up i was like "WHAT,AWWW,CUTE,SORRY YESICA"
Today will be difficult. Not saying goodbye to a friend but only saying we will meet again. RIP James Williams aka Luda.
Excited 2 say ~starting Sat., 4/14, the "Overwhelmed" CD is available at Shepherds Fold in Rock Hill. #Overwhelmed all over again!
Looking forward to delivering Super Scarves to the NFC champs this afternoon. Welcome to #Indy!
Monk's is just getting over the weekend hangover. Join us tonight for beers in the window.
#interfaceUF Also, the constant plugged-in-edness. What about the need to condense in thick tweets? Inherently challenging?
yes! Love my dynamic fabulous women Tweet-meeting each other!
“: 6hrs and 36min logged so far.. Go for 10 tonight? <U+E402>” I got 36 minutes so far. Going for an hour tonight! Hahaha.
you love me though :)
The #betascape team is looking for other Tech + Art inspiring events in the US & Abroad - which ones do you love?
Get over it.
The beach chair is outside near the loading/offloading zone of the water taxi...
got a random call at 9 that woke me.. now its 10 and just going for a shower now...
omg that wasnt what i expected!
Our Ministry jut got our 1st Copyright!!! Thank You Jesus www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Ministry for Abused Children Ken Rector
unusually motivated for a Friday. Go!
Yeah!!!!! RT Wowzers. Congrats to the UNI Panthers for bursting a big ol' bubble. Cedar Falls lemme hear u!
I really appreciate everyone in my life.
Damn right! :) Was watching it again before Prometheus. And you know, when I think about Ridley Scott...
This elderly lady stopped and asked me if her oxygen tank was working? I checked it for her & said "yes ma'am, you're still breathing!"
Que hay de nuevo?
100% approval for Papa Murphy's from the crew. Take&back just means you can plan ahead, no tax/tip/delivery fee either!
what's ur number???
the beatings will continue until morale improves
What? :o
I wanna watch The Dictator, but idk, I don't wanna ruin it yet lol
How bout that Evan Turner as a Top 5'er in the draft now?
hope you had as great a day yesterday as we did!!
good job :)
While He's Growing Up. I'm Graduating From High School Next Year & I Am Going University.
I still havebt seen the avengers -.-
You should follow me because I would enjoy that. :))))
Show and prove. You threatened for me to speak to your lawyer and I said go ahead. Where's that tough talk now?
maybe just a quarter
on the James Bond tip?
« Dear God. Today I Woke Up. I Am Healthy. I Am Alive. Thank You.»
America doesn't deserve Newt Gingrich because it has people with cancer in it.
Thanks for the check-in & we hope you enjoyed our BBQ!
Want to send a big shout out to Congrats on winning the contest, we practically doubled second place!
Maybe her penis leaked?
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Seattle one is really awesome too! Tom Leykis mentioned it on his show--I miss his show... and flashin truckers!
I gotta be patient though
One word #weather report: Incendiary.
Thank you for checking in. Hope everything was Extraordinary.
Finally eating
#10Until10 Start us out at Following 50 and 30 Followers !!!
Catching up on #smash replay
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Fuck ya! I fuckn knew Luke Holland would be in The Word Alive soon. Look at him now.. he's their new drummer :D crazy!
Check out the New England premiere of #DETROPIA on April 27th!
poor is gonna have to delete his Twitter account tonite after getting hammered by
Say something<3
is the biggest waste of time! #customerservicefail 3rd time still can't set-up #iphone email!
Slept on the most comfortable bed last night
We are slowly taking over CHICAGO one CURRY plate at a time...Truck is out(dearborn. Btw monroe/madison) LAKEVIEW & The LOOP!
Who wants FREE BCS tickets??? Be at Walk-On's Coursey Jan 3! We will be giving out FREE tickets from 11 am - 9 pm
has anyone thought about the environment today
The bags under my eyes are sagging so low that they literally could sweep the floor.
I'm bout sick as hell
The 2-14 Panthers have resigned more players than the Super Bowl champion Packers
Sometimes my mind travels n I wonder if I will find a person who is willing to travel wit me
Seriously now, I'm really off to run. Ridiculous the delay when I know the bennies. C u on the lakefront! chow
It's a 248 kinda day.
I still can't believe Eva Longoria and Tony Parker are getting a divorce! What has the world come to?!?!
whats up everyone, check out our newly posted videos from our most recent shows
thanks for the follow Friday last week.
This game is crazy
The morning clouds form curious shapes, shifting into high burial platforms, disappearing through the stand of old "turpentines".
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
this wicked sunburn made for a very chilly day.
maybe can help :)
So excited that SXSW is back! You know what else is back? "The Halftime Taco". Try it! Only from You'll love it!
best Titan to go delivery girl
I wouldn't habr. I would've been like "HoW Are YoU?" Mixing it up and stuff, LOL
how are you babes?
Such a fascinating speech by #gatoradeguru at priority sports conference.
I'm sitting here watching the freaking news because my remote ran out of batteries....
Not good enough, I spent more money than you to get this PhD
Don't worry, baby, the rumba can make even the most obnoxious editors seem to dissipate. Viva la Buzz!
I want Papa Johns
enjoy my stupidly long hashtag in my prior tweet. i remember you really really really like them.
Wow. Which church was it?
follow me please xoxoxo
thank you! im typing up part 10 now
I can't do 8 things at once.... I'm not an octopus!
search the names of your local source farms, +Reno. Restaurants will brag online about using them.
They spotted the extra car in the drive. I think the Mayor will be coming over tomorrow to give you a key to the city.
I think that is a porn movie
Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn. He's asked several times to have his # removed, but they keep calling. 1/2
It's not cheating if it's not consentual.
Weekend is coming up and all i think of is one thing, and no its not drinking, hookin up with girls, clubs, football games, or sleep!
I finally feel like a true Asian.
RT : Most call Wisconsin for Romney but Nate Silver not so sure.
RT : I adore the beautiful expression of love that is the scoreboard proposal.
&#39;Wrong again!&#39;: Jennifer&#39;s spokesman denies Greek wedding claims
when we were there and my daughter had just turned 3, that was the only ride she liked. We rode so many times. It is funny tho...
CONTEST: Juiced characters need names! Pick the name that is used, win 1 free juice per week for entire summer!!! let the naming commence :)
is on #twitter now! If u want the most cutting edge lighting systems in ur facility then call these guys! Incredible!
88 yesterday, 55 today - Autumn in Washington
Good morning. Ready for another crisp fall day of showing houses.
To me a book is a message from the gods to mankind; or, if not, should never be published at all. Aleister Crowley
I likee the view from here.!:)
Listening to all 's songs! #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl <U+2665>
Trap all day, play all night...
Hahaha i love you dude
Put on MLB Network! I predict an ugly fight in Tigers Angels game. Weaver already ejected. Verlander stare down after bunt during no hitter.
Ha. oops... Meant to say "a dude." Hope you're having a good one!
sound fun hope he will race good
This aint no fuckin' sing-a-long, so girl what you singing for?
No joke. But today I had to watch the game with two Bears fans in Georgia, which was slightly worse than Aikman!
Thanks to & for hosting another stellar Amazing night!
Oh please, I know you can do it! I've been doing a lot of red lipstick lately! It's pretty fun actually.
Cool, hit me up when you're settled!
Today might be the day I like my own status on Facebook.
thanks for the #FF!
is still looking for a great communications professional with 6-8 years of experience. Ping me if you know anyone.
Congrats to Reganne Sheely who has scooped up a Ford Modeling Agent, a theatrical agent AND a producer's session all in a week. I am dizzy.
thank you for good information about google Adsense
Trying out SmartyTask. It looks like it has potential. Has anyone used it?
Did anyone else used to go to a store and jump from tile to tile because every other one was hot lava?
Why be defeated when you are free to draw upon a highier power that can do everything for you?
i love you
SAD! #RT #Wells #Fargo Has Blood on Its Hands: Desperate Man Commits #Suicide After Shocking #Foreclosure Mistreatment
Waukesha county election returns are completely FUBARed.
All seats are BIG for Panger!
That man David Beckham inked up!!! 4real
jew knowz it!
Beautiful drop by July in the #GSL final. This could be a series yet!
Yes. Thanks.
Only 2 days till the primary!
Oh brunch! What we do without you? From 11 to 3 today, full brunch and regular menu and 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas.
Hagadone is a tony name in no. ID- the richest of 'em built the Coeur d'Alene resort. which is to say: I don't care if you're a NW kid: boo.
« #pause my shoes cost more than yo outfit .»
Nothings better than a good smelling boy.
Yes, but this semester is online only so I didn't have them campaign for your visit to Oak Creek... next fall!
you definitely should!
Love my frosted flakes with bananas
Making the bachelorette invites, etc. for 's wedding and, I must say, it is exciting stuff!
Follow your dreams and the will come true!
Does Willie Mitchell always have that shit eating grin, or is it just me?
I'm frying two turkeys on Sunday, that will be fun. Std creole rub.
I wanna go swimming. :D
Organizing our friday dance party _ American Bandstand. Come dressed in theme. Carnations for the ladies
oh yea I'm sure there were. There's idiots on every side!
At #NEworks session 1B: roles of higher ed in workforce dev feat CGS , HMcKiernan , RCaret of UMass and LPelton of Emerson
OMG, just finished a string of big projects and now breathing. Ahh, the relief! (Relief will last day or 2, then antsy 2 jump in 4 more!)
To early to be awake. Going to work on a house today though. Might go swimming. :)
Getting my hair done :)
“: I know right!!!!!, my teacher yells at me for no reason!!:(,
#ask doug I THINK MIZZOU IS A LEGIT FINAL FOUR TEAM WAT DO YOU THINK DOUG
Good morning. We hope you have a nice Thanksgiving.
thanks lady!
Drive for Charity is THIS Friday, Nov. 19th. $1 from every trip goes to local charities, including Homefront San Diego!
Thinking summertime soon...
depends on the vibe I get from the guy. If a girl offered would you be offended what if she didn't? It's such a fine line.
LASSITER!!! I need you....now
Happy Holidays to all of our friends!
If You Tweet Mang!....They Will Follow Mangino!!!...;-)p
great choices but hey it is ALL abt Israel even tho netanyahu says leave us alone.
What's it like being the Associate Editor at ? Did "Parks & Recreation" get Picked up for another Season on NBC?
no more procrastinating fml
ray allen to the heat is the dumbest trend ever yea this dude is gonna trade teams when he cant even play.....
"OMG MY PENIS IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK"
I know he wants to go to London and Canada! He wants to meet everyone everywhere! Gonna take some time tho!!!
1 point for every story yo.
Mind wondering
Best site ever is textsfromlastnight.com!
Other student orgs have the same benefits of sororities. Why such a narrow-minded view, ?
Super exciting for #DemiLovatoInUruguay !!!!!!! Y love U <U+2665> you know ! <U+2665>
Great finish to this game! I want OT!
I saw someone in the crowd with a Pirates shirt. Although its in PA and everyone is wearing one, I assume it's you guys
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow. Any words of wisdom? ....:)
"The thing about making a point is that there is no point to be made' - Richard Pryor
GIRLS, you are beautiful no matter what they say. Words can't bring you down. You're strong, remember that.
funny thing is that we were $36B in the hole a couple of years ago...he's being way too timid
Welcome to my neck of the woods, Chris! Are you here for work or pleasure? Sorry about this awful weather. Cold & rainy.
The locals here look you in the eye when they say good morning. I look like a tourist, but it's not high season yet.
My advice to parents: Make your kid work for and earn those extra things they want.
aw I miss you too matey, I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon!
There's going to be some "crazy" tomorrow at , 1030 You have to come to see it yourself
Happy St. Patrick's Day, Gentlemen!
+30min on hold w/ tech support Meanwhile ^BH is handlin it like a BAUSE over DM!
is a kickanotch hall of famer! tweet like you got some
Thank you Sporting KC! YES! YES! YES!
Without imagination, all human activity is riddled with unconsciousness. - Thomas Moore.
Thx for a gr8 volunteer dinner tonight!
people LOVE food!
ding ding ding you win! Teal jeans it is.
How can amazing music bring you back in time & feel so good yet be painful cuz you can't actually time travel to relive it.
Duh, cause we're too swagalicious fer them!
studio session
Ahh picnics this summer n the ville hmu
Just ate a Wet Burrito, now Drinking a margarita. OH YEAH!
one of my faves of all time.
are you going to LJT?
yeah Im fangirling all late about it lol. Twitter must have been crazy earlier when he posted it. I wish I came on earlier.
Want to throw a party this #StPatricksDay? Call for a reservation in ! (480)994-1888
You are. RT : iTunes? Who's the stoooopid one now?!
thx!!! Tell ur dad the same & enjoy ur day together!!! :)
My nose,my nose thats all ya spaghetti face got pick tht shit up fugly ass poodles!!!!!!!!.....ugh
Wtf man I was sleepin good, dreaming of sleepin n what not. Jus had 2 go n ruin it 4 me.
hey nikki you so fine you so fine you blow my mind hey nikki lol im funny miss ya girl D:
LA Commons is all about the creation of public art in Los Angeles! What are some of your favorite pieces of art in LA?
. away record:19-8-4. Do you think they will improve on this tonight against the ? Let us know your predictions!
Had a great time meeting a ton of new fans today. Appreciate all of the kind words. Happy Mothers Day!!
I have an account with 150,000...
That hypothetical tweet question brought to you by frozen margaritas from Applebees of southern GA.
MUSHROOMHEAD to perform at Elite Series 15 in Elyria OH on Feb. 25
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Winn Dixie - SIMVASTIN -
I like how Dallas is drafting this year. Smart picks based on needs, weaknesses from last year
I'm pretty sure I saw you like 100 times last night....
- the porn teacher, really that should be no ones business but her own, I side with her NOT that crappy school !
HEY LADIES! Need a job? Like to dance? Like to drink? Like to flirt? Like CASH? Come out to the GOLD CLUB Mon-Fri 12-7 for AUDITIONS!
Why are you guys having all the fun???
Hold on to your hats, folks, time for some #FF - been two weeks, so we're long overdue!
"The Lord your God is with you, He is mighty to save. He will take great delight in you, He will quiet you with his love.." :)
got in pre-ipo, not a lot
No clubs in AZ? Where's the closest club to ya?
What do you have against Seguin? Pure curiosity.
Living without faith is like driving in a fog. -- Proverb
that's even annoying to me! People try to hard!
Guy comes thru my line with a box of lube and winks.
Whenever you're ready to frame that sweet looking jersey give us a shout!
I Cried When I realised how many people have left my life in this past year
with your sister!! #loveher we're talkin about Vegas!!!
Thanks for following me! I hope you had a great Monday!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 32
Vegas will be rockin'!! So cool you'll be there.
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it". This applies not only to people and countries, but companies as well!
Those two things don't go together--birthdays and letting go of material possessions (thanks for the bday wishes).
I want DETOX and STREET KING to come out like this I can buy them!
I'll let you know when my instincts about someone end up being wrong.
placed 3rd in BJJ state championship
Excited for this #BCAN Webinar right now - Planning a run/walk with for Bladder Cancer Awareness in May!
Stanford needs to regroup !!!
Heavy fog always makes me feel like I'm in The Secret Garden. Even when it's blanketing downtown Los Angeles.
I don't even get followed by fake porn accounts anymore. Way to kill my self esteem, fake bitches.
I love it when my company is cited in a review of our competitor as a better option!!
you know why I say this right?
Dude...it's not even the middle of May. OBVIOUSLY NL MVP is still wide open.
Lost my fav new lipstick I got today ;(
thanks! “: Happy
2012 film watching! #39. The Thin Blue Line (Morris, 1988). Excellent documentary about the murdering of a cop in Texas. Outstanding film!
Thanks for making me a contributor.
homelessdogmusic.com There is a homeless dog in all of us. Please tweet me and let me know if you like that slogan. Thanks
Thanks for the ff, Wendy. Y'all have a great weekend.
Real Housewives of Dallas, I mean Deion Sanders.
on my way to lax at the crack of dawn the 405 was empty, so I looked to check the speed limit and couldn't find it anywhere..
i think its gremlins! My samsung android did this on its own also check all your settings mine went back to factory mode
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Treat yourself to a Red Hot Youpon! 5 classes for $25 - through our website or at the studio! A deal so good, it's scary...
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
Bulls look awful. When Carlos Boozer is your best player there is a serious problem.
you find a new song yet?
& all I can say is I'm so im so im so proud of you
oh awkward i'm on twitter on my laptop and phone at the same time because <U+5350><U+25BC>†<U+262F><U+5350><U+2628><U+2661><U+271E><U+5350>8<U+2623><U+271D> cunt titties.
Oh yeah... Those chemicals they use to treat the roads in storms stick like glue. Need elbow grease to get that stuff off.
Yay, now everyone has a car but me.
Memphis show some Class...Injuries aint no Joke
Why do I always decide I want Chick-fil-a on Sunday? So unfortunate...
Sounds so heavenly!
So excited for tomorrow! You can still register onsite from 2pm - 5pm tomorrow (Wed)! It's not too late! Come join us :)
Act Like A Lady Think Like A Boss!"<3
RT I am 99.9% sure the person I like doesn't like me. But it's that 0.1% that keeps me going. Fucking applies to my life
Seduction leads to destruction.
it would mean the world if you followed me.<3 your my inspiration! ilysm<333
A belieber is reading this tweet. A proud belieber who wants Justin Bieber to win on EMA's is retweeting this tweet. GOOD LUCK KIDRAUHL
Mother Nature got April and May mixed up I think this year
whoever is messing with SonyP's time will answer to the business gods
I've had about seven straight losing days and today is the worst one.
This thunder is keeping me awake...
So happy to be back in Miami for a few months to get fully caught up with projects, good self-care, and reconnecting with friends here. Yay!
you are a really cool person i would like to get to know you and jb need to figure out if he is dating selena gomez or what
I come out of the shower and it sounds like an exorcism is happening in the common area. As long as it doesn't come in my room..
Its weird for my mom to tell me I look pretty before I go to school. Lol
AdWords For Video Lets Small Businesses Target YouTube Users
I find you can replace "anti-equality bigots" with "asshats" and make that statement more generic and no less accurate.
Heading to the Maryland craft beer festival today!
Song writing is at our core and we hold our fans close to our hearts! We have a knack for crazy cool live shows and punishing hooks...
Rip to the souls that lost their lives
aw my true love kirsten m
This tweet is solely for my friends at Novanis who clearly understand the value and importance of social networking. :)
But you got yours in the first round, so it was about the same price. Plus the discount didn't apply to the first round. ;)
Tweeting and retweeting till the kids wake up.
It would appear that was the only one who understood the joke. "Everyone but Romney camp?" cc
Ah I found you on twitter!:D
what's up with the fat black dude with the "Chunky Bieber" tee on in J. Biebs boyfriend video?..
that would explain why it didn't load on my phone...
Yea, that would be great. DM me your email? Thanks!
thx for the follow looking forward to connecting.
Ecstatic that is following me. Finally haha. Massive #Domination to ensue.
“ When u assume, u only hurt yoself!” ' TRUTH!!
You know what smell doesn't get enough credit? Banana
You are the best followers !!!!!!
direct message us real quick got something for ya
Is it really necessary to have 3 cops, a fire truck and an ambulance for every fender bender? No wonder Vegas Traffic is the way it is.
lol and OMG that's so cool!!!! Can I have ur autograph?! And it's ok Sorry if I'm late on a reply as well
What Up Doe!!! Lovin the Cd! You gotta get that out! Playing it Loud in South Central PA"! Foxy (Love from my people)!
Almost one year after moving into an office, we finally broke down and bought a printer. Still no phones, though.
also I know "bollocks"
Happy Monday, All. Hope u had a refreshing wknd. May I suggest the brunch held @ Boerner Botanical Gardens put on by Bartolotta Catering.
Stop driving and tweeting! Oh wait I've done that too.
high ponytail w/ fishtail braid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I truly hate my body.
Gearing up for a busy day, despite feeling like I'm still asleep. Apparently I start hibernating the day after Labor Day now...
#Callback and an audition for today are done....I love productive and fun days!
I'm so ready for this week to be over with.
Thank you TNT for another episode of Law & Order
gets money gets paid
When your friends backstabb you or change with you. Yeah they were fake friends.
I decree that it's okay to eat two #cupcakes in one day. Officially.
Hey I stopped by last week. Didnt see YOU but great party!
When I'm with you, I'll make every second count cause I miss you whenever you're not around.
Just saw "The Entertainers" @ #WIFilmFest. Got to meet a few of the pianists beforehand; one played me some Hoagy Carmichael. Amazing night!
Woman are so busy trying to act & think like a man they forget how to act like a lady....
immature stupid boys get a life.
my friends organized me a surprise party, but I cant go. thats awkward :/ que party??
really though lol
RT : "How are we not winning by a td or two at this point? #steelers” We were just wondering the same thing!
I need a vcr.
Sir, I say that justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Just survived my last garage sale. What were we thinking? I think I made 25 cents an hour for the last 48 hours. Whew!
it grows on ya RT : The last episode of "Seinfeld" aired on this night in 1998 ~ Fourteen years later, it's still an abomination
Yes indeed we would have one fun time I'm quite certain! :)
I don't think you realise how much a follow/tweet/RT from you would mean to me<3
Tell Ur Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day! :)
“: ugh, my stomach!” - ours too, with a double Frangelico. Xxooxx
Mr. Sharpe do you ever wear any of your 3 Super Bowl Rings?
Baby can we make up now cause I can't sleep through the painn
“: I'd like introduce you to - she is 's gf & NY connections" Happy 2 help! Send me an email
I was given the authority to dole out $48 million dollars in student fees and didn't have to answer 1 question
Bout to hit this gym and get a workout in!
I Hate Wen Random People Try To Start Conversation With Me
Members Card Pacers +2 (25 units)
--likewise. thanks for the support!
if i had any
Don't remember you looking any better, but then again, I don't remember you.
your link does not work
Gonna get ready for my day'(:
Don't forget to check out to win Beer Lovers tix and stay tuned to Twitter for one last ticket giveaway before the festival!
RT : Today's breakfast is a hot cereal of #oats, #quinoa flakes, #chia seeds, and dried cranberries! You?
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
Jk I feel fine z
yeah, 93 expected in Austin...
Joyce: "His own identity was fading out into a grey impalpable world: the solid world itself...was dissolving and dwindling"
Good morning tweedos! <U+263A>
I Remember when i Had the Cassie Hairstyle lmfao i thought i was the shit !
Get on our payroll! The #WorkplacePayoff starts tomorrow! $100 EVERY hr! Grab your share!
All Eyes On Mii :-).
I'm thinking of getting something to do with hops as my next tattoo. Any thoughts?
may want to double check ccap
Good Morning and Happy Monday :)
did go to Michigan. Those Wolverines are all geniuses.
i will promise! i was just there last week... but i got really sick and had to come back home...
Going home early... Wahh :/
IM PUTTIN TE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF. WAY....
People irratate the fuck out of me! BOA if killin wasn illegal
can I just activate my phone already?
High as hell
that is awesome!! She is one of my faves ;) have a great day beautiful!
is this one of those situations where it's the thought that counts? Sorry to hear about the cancellation.
Do I like :) I LOVE !! How did I not know about this . Thank you xoxo
All relationships go through things, real relationships get through things.
It's funny how nobody was paying any attention to this ghetto movie until somebody on screen swore really loud
Are you going to Don Giovanni? have been invited to go on Friday.
who made you mad ? lol
Treat yourself to a sexual health test this easter ;) you know you want to!.
Any day ABOVE ground is a good one...
I swear i should of been born 60 years ago when swag was class and we respected one another
“: Saturday class with our students. The collective energy of these young people FLAME my hope for humanity.”
WHERE CAN I SEE manu game ? Is it a paychannel?
Lets put the ketchup on the fry. Love it.!!!
If you would like to try saynplay with him I'll send you a copy in exchange for some feedback.
. RT My grandma can be so racist sometimes.
“Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.” - Erich Fromm
Ariana, please follow us we're helping John Hopkins Hospital in MD. We could use your help with your friends to follow. Please
Now, I'm becoming the ghost.
no I haven't had it for a min until today
At least it happened with this book and not anyone else's or Escape - I'd have totally lost it! Was a good trial run to debug!!
wish I was cuddling with him right now :(
“In business, you get what you want by giving other people what they want.” Alice Macdougall
the less people in your cipher, the less people to decipher. that's why i'm my own producer, engineer, & writer
How's everything going
Assuming no one else has started, I'm going to submit the proposal now.
With just over 16 days remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $68,015.61. That's over 50% of our goal of $135,000.
I heard several "fans" shouting stupid stuff today. And I felt bad for Na. But happy for Kuchar.
Perhaps, but that's something every NFL team wants and needs.
just when I was going to shut it down, I see someone on the hustle. I'm back on it!
I know it's been a longtime but we back on it
I'm liking this Chewsy thing!
You cannot be embarrassed of other peoples' actions- you have no control over them & therefore cannot take ownership
That's what Bill Belichick gets for not taking a handmade scarf at the airport. Way to keep it in the family, Eli!
Dick eaters piss me the fuck off !
I am the leader of the fuck Roger Godell commitee
Thank you for the PSA, RT'd by
I don't care much about wearing all that makeup and bullshit.. I'd rather keep it natural.
Search "Man In The Box", every episode is great and they only get funneir as you get to know the characters.
#SEME2012 day 2 about to begin. Excited about the young professional breakout lunch!
and hello! I believe you study with my friend
killin it up there as usual, Ill be in Jersey and NYC next month. Looking forward to seeing you tear it up
Oh sleep, you seem a far off delusion.
SIGNED!:D
Congress is involved more with MLB because of the anti trust protection they are given. Great show with Chael!
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Walk Into The Wrong ClassRoom Of The First Day Of School..! Lol ^.^
I'm going to bedd! Happy Holidays :)! GoodNight <3!
RT : The fact that they keep showing highlights from rik smitz reminds me of the good ole days
Technology, the law, and public opinion has evolved quite a bit since that case. (see e.g. US v. Jones)
That's us () Thanks for attending!
I had a chance to play in the field, but didn't get to bat.
Me too. I am watching every season on Netflix
Often our best teacher is the one that stares back to us from the mirror
that is awesome! We will have to stop in try you out and tweet out our review :)
Twins gonna get this game in tonight at Target Field?
me please!!
you should follow me. Be cool
Well it
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24 - Sacramento Bee
Th for the follow. Love your broadcasts. Need to find my remote my teen "displaced."
The NYU one!
itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch? The Strangers or Taken!
i never "tweet" either
8th graders who hang out on the tables by the bathrooms @ bball games like they own the place..I refuse to be intimidated
tonight at the Launchpad. Thanks to everyone that made last night so much fun. Check out RAWRRmusic.com
#STAR Conference. Computers recommended by Stenograph for court reporters: Toshiba Tecra, Acer Travel Mate and Sony Vio.
I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May.
RT : Accepts and Regrets are now going out for #iste12 Yay!
We often forget to look at the low hanging fruit.
And all that do like me, thanks for the love and support! I really do appreciate it all. I am not too proud to say that.
fantastic hat!
I woke up at 6:40 then my mom said I could sleep a little longer so I went to bed. woke up and it was 8:50 am. I have school in 15 min. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
in order for this game to really open up city needs to score first
Congrats and Alex Paez! You've both won 2 tickets to at on 6/6!
lol. Thanks for that, I'll dry to keep my cooking to sober times
Exciting developer day tomorrow. It's going to be a great in-depth customer session with guest appearance by
#BecauseOfOneDirection i'm not insecure about myself and i actually feel beautiful :)
im hungry D; you should gimme some food ^_^
Breaking news: CNN sent me a breaking news email that had actual (but sad) breaking news!
I am definitely on board the train! Love her style, spunk, and personality.. & the kids: ADORABLE!
I'm bored. What's Lindsay Lohan up to?
tweet a picture.
True that. The GOP needs to take their party back.
thanks for sending me all the amazing stills, I appreciate it bb <3
Me and Cody have the same lucky number! ... If you subtract mine by 18
Here we are, face to face, a couple of silver spoons
Is Looking forward to the #grammyawards!
anytime! You finally got your twitter back!!
Hate when people sneeze all over the place smh........ disgusting
Thank You I borrowed your twitter background for my own page. It's F'n tweet! Go, Pack, Go!
“: JUST LEFT WIT ON THE WAY TO TACOMA FOR THE #GRITCITYTOUR WIT ” good times
2/4 Entree Special: Pepper Crusted Veal Tenderloin with Bacon Mixed Herb Pearl Pasta & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
Welcome to May! What are your fitness goals for the month?
well u gonna follow me back cuzz I can't dm u unless u do
you never texted back..... Lol
100 followers today! Thanks to all for the follows!
Confession #7: My favorite Disney movie is Pocahontas!<3
3/4 of the world is covered by water and the rest by asante samuel
my favorite avenger is ken katyanagi
Damn you Funshion, I wanna watch Dear John!.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ A man cant be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Word. RT : OH in the van: "It's hard to run when you're tired."
Watching the lakers game
What are you guys going as??
Same with my mom ... like 98% of the time she takes his side
WOW CRAZY PICTURE BUT NICE SHOES//////
I cannot help it. They are just so stinkin adorable. They just have great moves. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
all day everyday
I'll get through this, somehow - with or without you!
Nice to see my publisher at the NALP PDI conference in DC.
Tranquil Saturday morning. Yoga @ Tranquil Space!
You alive?
i do as well... just not as much. I'm borderline ready to stop.
Wonderful moment @ the SD SOC Address; The young man in his Navy uniform singing the National Anthem as part of the SD Gay Men's Chorus.
Please, we know: The $ will be spend on Sac bureaucracy rather than thinking about the tax revs we'd have with redev projects.
Hi!I your fan.You most beautiful and cute in this world.Thank you, you for your songs, you're happy about us every day:)
i don't want to sound annoying but is their any way u could follow me?
Thanks for being at Spring Fling and announcing the launch of the #linkAges challenge!
Great idea playing flag football outside -.-
Thank you! missed it live... so cool ;)
Auditions in a few :) ;; beast at what I Do !
why ar you going home
"Everyone is forgiven now cuz tonight's the night the world begins again."-Better Days
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.
Eastside all day all night
you need a new comeback
Like they say, u scratch my back & I'll scratch yours But when they give their campaign speeches u think they really care 4 ordinary people.
hardship breeds talent
When tears fall down, I want to be there to catch them...
YES I'm so ready for this, bring on them tweets! P.S. this weekend omg so many drunken tweets from me. Brace yourself, bro.
I feel your pain. It's like 80 degrees in my house, I'm convinced.
Our tailgating party is late. Good excuse to sit in the back of our Prius, in hand.
wow we could have texted:/
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
Mavs pulled ahead for a minute, but the Rush come right back. Score is now tied 6-6. Wish this game was at home!
Thank you to my new followers: , , , , You all are great Americans!
I wanna go to a kings vs ducks or kings vs sharks game haha but i'll obvi take what i can get!
Happy MooTuesday! Been busy grazing in Central Park.
You can say that again.
Soak Industry Knowledge - If you keep informed in the latest trends of your industry you'll have intelligent material to blog & tweet about
Let the show begin!!
you need a friend like me in yo life jok
I'll see you there. The show is amazing - caught it in Santa Monica
RT : Love your work. Some great covers and yes, 300 million potential readers sounds great to me. > Thanks!
so is it official? #gallerynight is now two days?
no plans to. i was there for less than 24 hours last time. it sucked.
can't wait to see y'all in orlando :)
Coal. I need more coal.
God gave me this amazing life, drinking and doing drugs would just tell him that his world wasn't good enough for me.
Do you plan on buying facebook stock?
Where the fuck in NYC do Swans practice? They'd need to cordon off a whole city block!
i give the pacers their props they played well.
Unsolicited Follow Tuesday (#uft?): , QSR PR pro, mighty funny dinner mate
On some "I cant WAIT til WE see dude"... Thats why there is nothing to talk about. I guess Ill just have to be ready when...
Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests. Luke 2:14. Merry Christmas! God Bless Us Every One!
I want to know what i did
ARC on some of it (newer pieces). Also: storyboards, view controller containment, appearance APIs. Good stuff.
You're such a sweetheart! But i much rather like to stand out because i like to thing i am one of a kind:) iloveyou Kendall!
If you have men who exclude any...creatures from compassion & pity, [they] will deal likewise with their fellow men. -Francis of Assisi
hates it when the back of my hair dries before the front.
LOOK TWICE! MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE! *looks at kids scalp infested with hoards of bikers, filthy dudes & women in ill-fitting leather*
Ill spark that nigga.
I'm not, Denise. Emotobooks are the first medium of fiction for tablets and phones! I love them!
Servant ldrshp begins with the desire 2 change oneself. It then becomes possible 2 practice servant ldrshp at an institutional level.
Cant wait to see what your going to do tonight. Good Luck!
FYI, your shortened URL expands to a link that Chrome considers a malware site, so clicking thru from the tweet doesn't work..
everyone 11:11 i wish for to follow me
I do the same thing with spumoni.
What's good people im back
Happy to help. :) Hopefully the weather in San Fran will clear up soon for you. Wishing you happy travels!
cool, So you better not die Mar. 23 because i want that hug (; hahah
dear alarm crock, go back to china
Follow Friday:
RT if you love Patricia Elizabeth Lynn Mallette <U+2665> Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama.
Lol that dude #joel anthony got a boosie fade on the top of his shit
hi Heather :) I'm literally writing up your article now... it's coming along nicely. Will follow up soon. My best 2u, Mayra
haha! shout out to all zelda fans if you love midna from twilight princess!!!!! best chick ever!!!
It took the Dutch 35-years to get their health system in order. we're going to do it in 10-years. Plus free GP for all. That's on air now
RT : Being intimate with someone is the highest form of vulnerability to me, and it just don't happen with whoever.
Geez I'm smokin angry shit right now
this shouldnt even be news to you!
Freak Show was Amazing! Thx 4 coming everyone! Now to gear up for this fridays paseo art walk!
Just changed my profile picture. I love that picture. I have no idea why though! haha.
NEW SEASONAL FLAVORS TODAY!! Berry Cobbler a La Mode & Boston Cream!!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 30
The weather in LA is beautiful! Gotta love this sun. :)
RT : 20% of higher ed students should spend 3 months studying or training abroad by 2020, EU members have agreed....
Thanks for the #FF!!!
I love you like Alex loves her books.
- birthdays, beer, beautiful people, EAV, your #awesome friends...what's the question exactly?
no wonder it's so popular!
Read the paperwork, including the fine print, carefully, especially if the interest rate is below market rates.
is at the in #PDX today gathering support for #ArtsEd in our schools & sustainable #ArtsFunding in #PDX. Join us!
Have you ever thought about harnessing all the energy generated from your classes? You could power your own studios!
great job today!!
thank you!(:
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
I prefer Christine Allison <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You like making lil sly remarks on twitter huh ?
I think it's marketed as Adult, but it reads YA. And read by Kate Reading.
“: follow back ?” now following sorry it took so long
stop lying... she is totally attrackted to me
"when in doubt, choose change." *slow clap*
“Rejection is a bitter pill to swallow, but hand on heart, do you really want to be where you are not wanted?”
Does ur dad work in a bakery? Cuz you got some nice buns (; x
ah cool thanks, I know a lot of teams from different conferences, I just don't know which conf. are good in what sports (cont)
cant wait for WWE'12 looks great so far!
That was deep. Definition of American public: A populace moving around in a dark room with their eyes closed.
the cicadas sound pretty tonight.
If you wanted an update of some sort, I just saw Keegan Bradley tee off on No. 8 and eat a banana...that was pointless.
Why is the moon like a dollar?It has four quarters.
Drinking and smoking in the bathroom because we are
I have a bad outlook on cowboys now.... Even the Dallas cowboys
It's not, but I was hammered when I tweeted it....actually still drunk.
“: I hate waiting for replies. Wahhhhh.”
Has there ever been a male cleaning lady? ...Or shall I say a cleaning gentleman??? <U+E32E><U+E006>
Let's hear it for New York, NY.
There it is!!! Unique office space indeed. Could be yours for the low, low price of $2450/mo.
Its a wrap... Game done!!
She certainly is.
Looking at all the hats on my wall makes me realize how many hats I've lost in the last couple years.
All good today many thibgs going on re hone and my wifey is tired huh, big kiss
Heard tell no one has moved that fast since Jesse Owens in the 1936 Olympic Games in Germany!
hold me like a lover &' we'll find a way to run away tonight. <3
Suggested band of the week "Cold War Kids"...I especially love "Hospital Beds" and "Audience"...check em out...
#Cleanliness and #clarity go hand in hand.
HOLLYWOOD'S DJ EVILONE RETURNS TO JOSEPHINE | FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25th THE EVENT OF THE NIGHT NOT TO BE MISSED!
Fuck it. Later followers, it's been real. If ya wanna reach me text me. I'll be back soon :)
LOL. Thank u. Now hurry up & get me that new #SWV album. Yall need me 2 write somen 2 speed it up? I will.
The specials at Kilroy's Sports tonight are great! Come out for $3 everything on Thirsty Thursday!
I ain't mad though! Hoes always hating on me!
what's up
Got it - replying now
It's wierd knowing that one person you're supposed to be with is walking somewhere on the planet right now...
Is anyone else annoyed by Sessions one rolled up sleeve?
Thanks for the RT! :)
#HowToGetRejected You get mad cuz I took a shit at yo house o_O Bitch that's how you know I like you!
pretty cool dude
not giving up.
aye bro u went to churchville right
yea that would be fun
Someone is going to hate you for being you, but many will love you for you.
RT : Oh gawd. Here come Derby hat contests.// This I love.
me too! I wonder if they r panko
thanks for the friday love! have a great week! :)
Now that that's over, how about them #Tigers ? Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera? Baseball please.
4 new followers in 20 mins! Thanks guys, 6 to go. I'll be outta here in 15mins, but I'll keep checking in.
were they blue?
When I saw I Want You Back trending I thought of the nsync song
When my brother says truck it sounds like fuck hahahaha
I understand. :/
It's going to be a longtime before I'm willing to watch another SEC football game.
RT : Server upgrade on Sunday, January 23, 12AM-6AM EST . Sync, web access, and API may be disrupted during this time.
Hi Everyone ! Thanks for inviting me
is not following me =( I am invisible to them! =(
everyday is national beer day to me
#Actors - Have trouble knowing how to prepare your script? Download Actsophia and use Script/Scene Prep to work through it step-by-step!
don't understand name changes on facebook. especially when you make an addition to your first name.
There's lots of other healthy foods than egg whites! :)
SD Home Garden's 30 annual Best Restaurants Awards (Silver Forks) are in July, 2011 edition; North Park eateries grab 3 top awards!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU WILL EVERYONE PEASE RETWEET THIS <U+2665> THANKX XOXO [:
": Jazz are 12 minutes from elimination. Not sure "Final Countdown" is the soundtrack you want right here."lol I know
White girl politic'n that's that Sarah Palin.
Trekking across the Fens to get some fried chicken. , THIS is how much I care about you (and how little I care to offend you).
wtfff? When did you hear about that lmfao!!
Good day. Looking forward to tomorrow. Glad we're going east.
RT : Thanks aAsbury for offering classes to spouses fo free!! Can't wait to learn minus the papers. Unofficial masters degree!
RT : Not getting any sound from your condenser microphone? Make sure you turned on the phantom power.
A good hairstyle for steamy Austin summer! The more we've stayed in Fla for hubby's job, the shorter my hair has gotten
be lookin good in that avi ;)
Just pulled up @ Alesmith brewing 9368 Cabot dr......................here till 8!come on down!
It's why I'm one week shy of signing divorce papers.
Cause I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hell Yeah
can I come please !!!! Tell me where!!!
Teaching my mom about finding a bargain. If you want something on sale check google shopping BEFORE leaving. It shows area store and prices.
you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
#Two things i don't mix is White & Dark Liquor!
haha i do that plenty!
Newton South High School has a tough loss tonight under the lights, falling to Medford 13-0
Oh well regardless my money on Granger Lebron is afraid to fight he don't have it in him
Huge Headache leave me the hell alone
Thanks! Was nice meeting you,
Man, this train is depressing this morning. Come on guys! Do I gotta get this conga line jump started myself?
who are you?
yes mam, agreed !
Its my birfdayy! I can't believe I'm 20 years old! Loving this weather :)
Just waking up? Alright.
good morninn everybody .
thank you for your shoutouts!
But Had Fun Today On the Trip To Medieval Times ;-)
Izaak Walton~ I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
OHIO! What a Win! Time to get smashed Athens!
Thanks for sharing this story.
: “: WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT. Donate 2 #Help4Hygiene & make an impact.
RT Great tool for iPad users... "All Stuck Up" great for me to mind map code and walk features for improvements.
I think the biggest thing gave the #sxtrekclass audience is intense jealousy for his students.
99 ways to get paid hosted by Dj Jerry & T.Brewer Coming Soon !!!!!-
tomorrow starting at the new job $$$$
Yes. Yes we are. RT : We goin in
is a solid AD. Big things coming for the Cats.
Coming soon... workshops announcement. Don't forget to register for the #paths2partnerships event on October 21! www.pathsreg.org
Your flipbook was darling! We hope to see you soon!
when? and where?
totally agree
Happy Birthday :)<U+2665>
That's impressive. What kinds of classes did they offer?
I really am though.
Let's Go Clippers They Better win
scratch that last tweet. Read: at last YOF meeting before M4C & C4K starts
thanks for supporting wamo100's networking event! Good seeing you too.
Looks like it could be Thursday.
Then I saw another angel flying in midair, and he had the eternal gospel to proclaim to those who live on earth.
Yippie... I am at 2000 friends! (cause I'm a friend Hoarder!)
you're not the only one who can mail the parents...
This weather is so so so nice!
#Virgo MB guy of the day: Prodigy
#OldeTownStadium will be screening 'Stiffs', 'The Rapture', 'Fistful of Staples',& 'The Crustacean Crisis', 'Shabadoo and Rigsby' at noon!
#RIPMCA Licensed To Ill
I got stuck trying to transcribe "whoa whoa whoa uh uh whoa whoa" into a tweet.
lol, that's a savvy move, I like your style.
Micro-Volunteering - I'm on this street corner, I have 30 seconds....what can I do? what data can I gather?
haha I love that game :)
Cal Anderson park is going to explode after and play this Saturday for the Bike-In! PeeWee Herman headlines the night
The age difference between #Rockies starter Jamie Moyer and #Giants starter Madison Bumgarner is one
I'm good and yourself?
yes- i must say that sometimes we need a nudge! Thanx!!
Re: the #luponeandmetcalf hysteria going on over at and - did you guys co-bribe Santa???
Rose should NOT have been in the game!
Just snatched the last clipboard from the library... Classmates are upset.
guys on the bus arguing about if video game characters and actors are fundamentally the same
Well, going to TRY to have a good day today after some boring ass idiots try to ruin mine yesterday on Facebook.
i believe its going to be at their store on azuza on the 22nd
Check out www.jammin1420.com NOW! I'm on...
twitter keeps unfollowing people :(
Hypocritical people these days.. Before y'all talk, know the facts about everything..
okay i went to the mall early this morning with my brother and his navy friends and this guy 15 came up to me was like hey ...
Great news, but too bad about your bags : We made it but without our luggage. Exhausted, but ready to start our events.
I have to go we'll talk later!
Sometimes you have to make wrong decisions. You'll learn from them and become a better person!! #lovemylife!!!
RT : Don't give up on something just because the outcome seems impossible. The only time the outcome becomes impossible is ...
Welcome to Twitter!
Giving space is so hard, but it's for the best & we will be back in the blink of an eye:) actually going to sleep relaxed.
dude. go get the Facebook messenger app so you can message me on Facebook. it's easier.
AMEN re: young theological diversity!
no my face Isnt on it lol. It's gonna be sexy. The guys are putting it together for me. They're awesome
The MATERIAL world is a manifestation of THOUGHTS and ENERGY
Any gluten free trucks? Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show!
White people like Wayne Brady because he makes Brian Gumbel look like Malcolm X.
RT : Traffic safety enforcement right now in GP & - run stop sign & meet our today.
S/o to #oomf talking bout I got bitches I got bitches I got bitches
New game plan: dump off, quick screen, or bomb.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <334
Trying to work out coming to UK one day soon. There is some interest for #TheFUNctionMethod over there.
it just has a negative connotation - kinda like "gay"
New day, new drive, new direction. Walked through it. Capturing video from the Chicago-Detroit interview sweep. The doc is coming along.
The $trong feed on the weak, the Clever feed on the strong...*IPlayTheGame2Win*
I bet you and hook up tonight ;-) :-p
that statement goes both ways boo
this is so true.
What are people saying about SCSS? "Uplifting & borderline euphoric 2 start" "leading N2 a mind-numbing sort of Indica experience 2 finish"
What gAme of today will continue to go on 4 decades like Mario Bro.
whats up motherfuckerss.... back to writing more music!
RT Pro- #HFCS ads make me angry. We all know industry w/ big subsidies can pay to make their product appear healthy. Don't we?
lol. I'm sorry
I heard you were a wild one :)
Tonight! The Pretty Reckless (feat. Taylor Momsen of Gossip Girl) The Hollywood Kills 6:30 doors
Making that Dollar
Finish these guys!
Happy Mothers Day to my mom who has put up with me for nearly 18 years. <3
Ok, I got Northern lights, and Master kush
Boys that like to cuddle >
Oh like Memory!
August selection, I dare say, threatens to be hotter than the month itself. And i'll be in New Orleans
I've only watched like the first three! So I'll walk over when you do!
So so thirsty. But don't wanna get up
Join us next week.
FUCK YOU!! Ur an ass wipe. Go find a bigger state.
Amen sister. Same thing here. They don't help you find the cause, they just keep handing out more scripts.
Ooh, ooh, I think I know this one: it's because we're not exaggerating when we say we could do a better job than Bobby V?
If your a Tiger Woods 13 Guy, Must Follow - Greatest player of all time, now a developer. 16% more swag than
I've got .."Joy"...the bass player and the drummer and her vocals...OMG!!..track 2 ..Preachers Wife..awesome!
threw a roll? How classy o.e Why dis he do that? xD
GM have a great day despite the rain.
For sure, with a better plan on receiving donation towards our cause.
Full name on Kotter... Juan Luis Pedro Philippo DeHuevos Epstein. I hope he 'has a note' when arriving at the pearly gates.
it was great seeing you too! I am looking forward to wine night. I am free this week if you have some time.
ahh ok I'm not home anymore I guess I'll try more later! Thanks
Pepper crusted flat iron, seasonal vegetables, blue cheese and bacon mashed potatoes all for $10.95! Beat that!!!
Going to bed so tired. Glad my baby is happy <3
RT : Joe Budden on First Take looking like DMX when he was pretending to be a Muslim so he could kill the Minister.”
Props to for taking the fight against squirrels to his backyard, hilarious talk.
: thanks for the shoutout!
I saw a kid in a stroller eating bugles at 9 am. Why is America fat. Part of reason is dumb ass parents. What a nutritious breakfast
sure did! I knew for some time they were coming - but now that it's official I am stoked. Right by school :)
Sponge Bob !!! Morning :) Im ready Im ready !
NEW PHOTOGRAPHY BLOG!! NEW BORN PORTRAITS, CHECK IT OUT.
I hate when U know you did somthing wrong but wont admit to IT
you know what makes one a good #writer? Reading. Yes, reading. And not just #chicklit but genres outside of your specialty
Had fun with my "child" ebony nd my big sis destiny!!!! Seen #oomf and was looking really cute!
do you have dragons?
It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other
Fat Joe and Rick Ross seeing who's fatter is
Hi people of earth follow me gal guy gay l follow back :)
Friday!:D
big soccer day tomorrow:Champions League final and the playoff for the final EPL promotion spot Blackpool v Cardiff City
Winter is Past by Victoria C. Slotto-a woman's journey through fear of loss. Thank you.
Party and stuff. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
If you don't dream big, there's no use of dreaming. If you don't have faith, there's nothing worth believing.
the name sounds familiar
Yes, Save the Cat is worth reading & learning from, but before making it your Bible, consider if you want to write movies like Blank Check.
Jamming to in car strolling thru downtown back to the shop!
hi :) How r u? I wanted to ask u... How long have u been acting? I'm wondering cuz I'm trying to start
you coming to portland BRO???
There are 2 blazers that I *need* from Dr. K's. One for 's Seersucker Social.
Welcome to the paaarrrty
KARAOKE tonight at the Newsroom / safehouse
RT : s/o to my cousin for putting me on this - "Love Riot" CD!! It's pure awesomeness! // stellar worship
Miss you.
"Ron Burgandy had never heard that song, so the fall was much worse..."
So everyone knows..#Libertarian = Embarrassed #Republican. Same, same.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTg
Submitted two tickets re: embedding troubles - links work in preview, but not when 'live'. Campaign launching, would love help!
Samsung takes cell phone market lead from Nokia
Overpriced businesses tend to be replaced by superior competitors. You think that's bad? You don't support consumer choice?
If Roberto di Matteo isn't hired on as the full-time manager for I'm not even sure if I should be a fan. He's done a superb job!
Loving the passion and prompt time line haha!
hey hey I just finished performing MJ tribute show. It was awesome!
"I love (girl) better than my mother, my father, than Picasso, and even better than money." Surrealist painter or Rick Ross, who said this?
I adopted the two on my section of 2nd St. Costco also has some amazing deals on things!
It happens to me too lol
I was glad to find "The Senator's Wife" on my shelf; no clue when I bought it!
A basic nigga will wife a "hoe" just to have someone to call his "own"
In God's World; We get to observe experience That turn into patterns. Our experience purposefully emanates into the world. m.e.
Sean Putman Director Training and Documentation Altair Engineering, looking for better ways to make our users better
LOL. I am so sad! Ravens Fan for life! Bmore forever! Got a 73 inch 3D HDTV I can't wait to watch them on next season!
AND DECEMBER 7th ??? WHAT'S THAT ABOUT ???
thanks so much for the blog post RT Mark! Hope all is well whether you be in the air or on the ground... ;-)
Just saw Return of the King extended edition on the big screen. Such an awesome movie, it didn't even feel like 4 hrs went by.
Looking back at it now, the movie "All The Presidents Men," may be one of my biggest influences. Redford & Hoffman are superb.
Haha! Me too! Like if I met someone like Hillary, I'd probably forget my name too! & be totally speechless! :)))
Welcome aboard!
: Great crowd today at the Rose Kennedy Greenway... would love to see the Cup!
Looking for Solar Eclipse Viewing Glasses? Come to the Balloon Museum Shoppe today! Call 505-822-1111 for details!
In the answer to the 2nd question there is a typo. Now = know
miss you all
Panel on Sat @ 2pm discusses NC textile cottage industries. Followed by dance where a dress made of clay "returns" to the earth. Free.
Losing weight takes Weeks & Months, Building Muscle takes Years .
Shoot me your addy and we'll send you a disc!
ok “: Apparently I have been told...if you love me you have to follow my best friend You have no choice.:)
Thanks! You rock!
Ohh That's Nice
thank u! I feel very welcomed!
Listening to Bach. Classical: what you put on when *nothing* sounds good.
Well, now we know: and think the same things, but Linz does it in CAPS! ;-)
#NCPH2012 tweeps, note the 3:00 meeting on the future of the Public Historian. Open access advocates need to be numerous and vocal!
are you feeling okay??
#nw Bad Teacher
oh u r hot lol just wanted to tell u that.
Cupcakes in your favorite Halloween flavors;snickers, almond joy, hot tamales and candy corn !..where to buy,follow
I wish I could dance or sing
Guessing Brenly screwed up. Nieves no-hitter was April 15, 1987. Bill Schroeder of FoxSports-Wisconsin caught him that night.
We bake the way trains
gaah so jealous. Enz says to get her an autograph from someone lmao. Have fun hun
You laughed though, didn't you
If could natively generate RSS feeds, it would be seriously powerful. Imagine being able to transform non-personal email into a feed.
YES! YES! YES! Congrats Mr. Plummer!
"I think my favorite part of burning man was my boobs getting fresh air."
Ditto that! Red #Wine!
how come I can ask 3 different people the same question and get 3 different answers?
Finish up classes, play games all day : P
thanks sweetie! XOXOX
Lions select Amari Spievey...Big Ten boy. They are addressing needs, and I like it! Good pick at the 3rd round.
In the power invested into you two love birds I now pronouns you husband and wife you may kiss the bride
Cant believe Austin is taking such a huge step, proud of him x
Is everyone ready to watch #Glee?! :D
Do someone wanna come over and chill...im so bored
just quoted a Britney Spears tweet that included "OMG". Respect and credibility lost.
Ed Formire leaving to become deputy director of the Laguna Art Museum
wouldn't miss it! been counting down the days
oh, awesome! camping is definitely in order. :) we will be moving for reals at the end of April.
This is so true and just a choice! RT : When you control your attitude you also control your life.
Kids of all ages - sign up today 4 the American Girl Holiday on Sun., Dec. 18 @ 6pm. Enjoy games, crafts & food celebrating these dolls!
Anybody have suggestions on movies that have voice narration? I love those type of shows!
thanks for the #prologue of my #book about
I'll be happy to help to you with it! You can DM me if you want to! :]
come visit us! The dog is in today!
your face
It's never too late to pick up an instrument and learn how music making can be an integral part of maintaining a healthy mind and body.
sounds fun! My next book needs a bad boy...(don't we all :-))
#edu11 Lunch Don Erwin of Buffalo & Brian Paige of Oakland. What if IT goals were Support learning outcomes & Support innovative faculty?
what are you doing?!
I JUST Watched a good ass movie
And I won't get into how El Salvador should have been playing a man down...thanks to that nice punch of Boyd.
looking forward to working with you!
Still sad we can't get heavy seas brewery beer in our keg at Good thing my house has no such limitation.
|#quotes We are taught to understand, correctly, that courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity for action despite our fears.
The #Republican Party now belongs to #Mitt #Romney, the presumptive #GOP prez nominee. The Tea Party must be sick about it!
Ditto that! ": Thanks for coming to da Burgh! Yinz guys are the awesomest!”
Excited for
Your mom went to ALL the trouble of reading that headline & forwarding it without mentioning why. The LEAST you can say is "thx."
Charles Ray in conversation at tonight, 6pm, free.
Banners 2.50 a sq ft if you call today and mention this status! 615-255-3825!
I don't even know what day it is.
just send me the email..I'll send the link and info regarding.
#TheMoneyTeam justin B, 50 and nelly Coming out to
Let's expose the promiscuous lesbians as well
Tainted love Tuesday
Supplier of Brazilian Hardwood Flooring • Decking • Lumber
En route to Canadada. I really hope to eat poutine.
Then Maybe We Should See Whats up with everybody and Do Something This Week Or Weekend?
Just watched the #HYFR music video. AH. Why is #Drake so hott?
good morning to you as well
I've got a little crush...haven't had one of those in forever
RT : The Louvre's Got Game, Replaces Audio Tours With Nintendo 3DS [VIDEO] - on.mash.to/vaY47Y
Check in between 8pm and 4am on #foursquare to unlock #nye badge ( via ) cc:
One day, I hope to have a wrench that allows me to be self-sufficient in these terms.
Fashion, music, fun. Lucky Magazine founding publisher Sandy Golinkin talks about the industry. Tonite 5-7:30
it wasn't my goal but I'll keep mayorship safe 4 u from while ur on vaca. Guess i'll be getting up early for awhile
Hoodmorning to from phoenix
Bases loaded on mothers day? Where's Cervelli?
lol you silly
is to attack Lois. Even if this person honestly believes that post, he's in the minority and I find comfort in that.
So, you lost 7 lbs in your first 9 days with Isagenix. How's it been since then?
Just saw a kid open the door for his date. Reminds me of
Ow ow ow fingers hurt from playing so much
Don't text me no tomfoolery this time of the night. Not really in the mood, yo.
It's amazing how many people are on treadmills in Chicago at 5:30 AM and how many people wear fur (when it's not even that cold out!).
Today's ELECTION DAY! Log in to PilotsUP, click on ASUP 2011 Spring Elections and VOTE! Seniors you can vote too!
Talking to Mom about #leadership ... when you run an office or a team, give them ownership of their world & they'll produce for you!
Every time my VPN connection to work freezes this morning, I'm deducting 5 minutes extra from my workday. 3 hour day - here I come!
s/o to the pple that be talking down on me and saying negative things bout me its just gone keep pushing me
i get it, but there are a number of variables at work, and it was only one instance. i think some a/b tests are needed :)
He's playing with my heart and I'm playing with his mind
I know a few #vegetarians & #vegans who might find these recipes interesting :-) Thanks.
Sure thing. Hope it helps.
Get real with us: what's your BIGGEST #collegeaudition fear?
Follow !!! She's the shit!
omg... wish I was there. Sounds like you made it to the top?
Looking forward to video call with new partners in Shanghai tonight. Making some great progress!
Going to try playing with a balsamic and maple glaze chicken wing, sweet potato fries and a Cobb salad. Yes?
ugh........i'm sure things can only get better
Absolutely. Pollack Johnny's was one of our favorites. Well done Polish with the works!
He's just worried about getting past the first 10 pages of the Spanish Rosetta Stone book.
"It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." - Chinese proverb (also a favorite quote of Eleanor Roosevelt)
#Lawyers #Networking at conferences is simple. Smile, be friendly, introduce yourself to others, and ask: What did you think of the panel?
Just watched #BlackSwan . Holy crap! That was intense.
roger sterling is one of the
ITS GAMEDAY LETS GO PACKERS!!
Nah they been around to much.....>.<
sure! We'd love to have you come by
#3WordsForYou Never forget me.
Duran: "Let me be crystal clear: there will not be one dime of taxpayer money used to help these undocumented students go to college"
Every man has inside himself a parasitic being who is acting not at all to his advantage. William S. Burroughs
Stay Spirited- show your team pride! JT has got what you need for any tailgate.
Bruised a rib but got 4th place. Won 15 bucks! Cyclocross ftw.
I like u 2 and U S--KIT
we eat so many scrimp.
Completely agree. Great article.
I just woke up to. Haha.
Very long week. But hey there's The Masters and time to rest this weekend.
Do you know about this spam impersonating u? Recv'd it this morning in the email linked to my Y! acct. HTML attached w/ enc. JS.
Not yet. If it's too hard to do, don't sweat it.
#justlikedat dumb shit every time, i hustle hard getting money!
As #housing market limps along, proximity to surrounding svcs incr in importance. Opportunity for better loc svc provision
We're stoked. We perform right before them. Check us out if u can. 6pm same stage.
Teeth are the hardest substance in the human body.
Hadn't listened to 's 'The Photo Album' in awhile. If possible, I think I love it even more this go 'round. #Magical!
My fiance is 37 and I call her a Cougar. 35+ = cougar.
Got another snow day coming on!!!! Time to put on my sweater and brave the great outdoors.
Thank you. I've become an incredible person since I met you!
mayne wassup let's get in the lab this week ?
My butt bone litterally hurts. Wtf happened to me
"The Derby girls and Carmen aren't impressed by the guys' lame attempt to impress them with matching pink shirts."
im so glad i bought a poster last night <3 if i had waited i wouldn't have gotten one :)
Good luck at Marquette !
TED make me freak out! It is the time when 32,000 years of human pondering are finally answered without uncertainty.
On my way to Brooklyn to take class! Yay!
My friends have the stupidest ideas.
Thank you for the overwhelmingly awesome response to our Brazilian Blowout special! We're so excited to share this with you!
When diluted, clove oil can be used to numb your gums, mouth and teeth during a toothache.
GET HIM OFF MY TV!
It's FatTire Friday @ Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 ( Beaver Run Chair) w/DJ Cyn! Starts at 2:30...Come get a beer after shreddin the powder!
This is the first time a Knicks playoff win has been celebrated on a social networking website.
thanks to you, it was a great presentation and good context for
I am so grateful for you!!! <3 have great days!!
Sorry Ziemer, this is the NFL draft, not the MLS draft. RT : What about Alex Tanney from Monmouth, Oatesy!
Jane Velez Mitchel can hold her own...
I am going to give HootSuite a try (thanks for the tip, Quentin) - looks like it can handle multiple twitter accounts
o woah....:O i could NOT wait THAT long xD
It all started with me correcting you on a typo.
There's a big difference between a mass demonstration and a riot. . . And at least there were ballots to recount. .
Watched a sad movie over the weekend. I realized my niece warned me not to rent it. Why didn't I remember?!!
“: Thank you to for supporting vs Justin Vernon!!” <- Thank you for making amazing music! :)
That's funny. I keep reading it as "Delphi" and thinking of the oracle, the vapor-induced visions, etc..
Had fun with a girls volleyball team - playing with their minds. They loved it and are coming back for the show tonight.
Big shout out to Washington Redskin players and for always finding the time to help those who are less fortunate.
cool stuff. i forgot what i was about to tweet #SoLeya -.-'
Tweeting to all my twats
great q. I've got an underwater photo of sea anemones, a deer bone, raw amethyst & some sea shells. Oh and a geode. paleozoic?
Wanna go for a drive? Or race
I just can't buy #RoryGilmore #SisterhoodOfTheTravelingPants as seductress- especially with the pasty and bloodless
Done! Clicked on it six times, haha. Apparently you should invest your bonus in some prime island real estate!
thank u
Thanks boo! xoxo
Don't Follow Me & Then Unfollow Me . Lol I'ma Unfollow You Right Back !
Couch getting fixed! Then time to get out and #run and enjoy the day!
RT : RT : Who's ready to watch 's today? #RipTheRunway Amateur Model Search <-lets see how they work!
I hate my family. My gramdma cant speak up for herself and my mom cant shut up. Its rediculous.
I'm glad your first ever Tweet was to me! :)
You can add Flacco to that list, whether he is truly at that level or not, Ravens are committed long term.
You are your own problem and solution.
craving SundayFunday asap.
My Miami people gotta follow Great stuff. Real personable and a fun way to follow a baseball squad.
At triumph church sugar land
Another disagreement between me and I'm for & she's for ! just like last year!
Haha better be! >:p
Life is a fucking mess atm, thank god i have , Love you<3
Blessed to have a job because daytime television is shit
Can we agree it's hard to pitch in the majors? Like, pretty difficult. Can someone PLEASE explain how CHRIS DAVIS shutout the #Sox for 2?
It's Sprada day! Most people call it Sweetest Day but since I am the sweetest person ever it's MY holiday. How are you celebrating?
Good to see #annehathaway busting her butt in the gym today. #catwoman would be proud
What a huge success this road show is...I am humbled by all the support and people coming up saying how much they love my toffee!
Cheers you hot ass boy!
*peeks in* RT : back off bitch lol RT Goodness your exceptionally hot": Hi sweetie"
Speaking to a Professional Practices class at Cornish this afternoon - just finished putting together my slides.
Love the fact I get done work so early lol then jus chill for the rest of the day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
R.I.P. Donna Summer
LIKE NOAH YOU HAVE "FOUND FAVOR" (Gen 6:8) Wickedness and evil are all around! But you have FOUND FAVOR in the eyes of the LORD. #Sir Court
Anybody wanna help me get to 200 followers????
that's a good way to describe it.
yeah u had to get in trouble!!!! No luv from u!
I kicked that tests ass! Woohoo!
Crazy sexy cool
And now "rude boy"? Oh pandora, you shouldn't have!
I saw a man eating out of a garbage can, so I offered him my turkey sandwich. He told me, "No thanks, I don't eat turkey."
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
hi. so i kinda really love your laugh & the way you smile & pretty much everything else about you. so ya, bye.
I know you guy are coming to Indy soon, but that's not close to my house!! So come to either kokomo or Lafayette!!!
Idaho attorney, David Nevin representing 911 conspirators at Gitmo & has the gall to whine that they`d been tortured.
We're busy getting clients ready for trade shows including #AGG1 #NPE2012 and #ISRI2012 Trade show season is in full swing!
365 days till im grown
We're on the same wavelength! I'm in Portland today. Sorry I missed you! Let's talk soon...
aye when's the next song you have
uneven was the knock on it...was that the case?
and you got tto learn something about me! Lol
Gotta love "some like it hot" on a good day indeed.
Thanks ! We have more than 750 locations across the country!
Turner Field I20
She's great!
Hope to see you there... flowers are blooming. Intimate Salons also have their purpose. (I've several private circles.)
Serious props to those yogis out there. Just finished my 2nd class and it is very challenging. It ain't no joke.
that's when I wanted to go ! and uhm , if she wants to yeah I guess (:
if it isn't causing problems w/ cars & no one gets hurt who cares if someone takes a sled down a road. Makes me want to go.
Enjoy reading part 8... lol sorry it sucks!!!!
"Why you need a website" USC event today: 4:30pm THH 102 featuring speakers + dessert!
sent you and email.. Thx
Need to start shedding the 'cruise pounds' from my trip last week......I'll start right after this cookie.....
Do Persians give socks to everyone during the holidays like Asians LOL? Very jazzy selection :)
That's right: I'll find folks and hunt them down, and force them into following me to get my "Great Resource"s :P
today will be the death of me.
Reluctantly passed on tonight's Meatpocalypse to avoid spreading my hacking cough. Playing COD instead, so feel free to send a game invite.
unlike some loser actually just made my day SUPER MAD SHOUT OUT TO U!!! Team fb
What does "LOVE" look like to you?
Agreed. you totally took the words right out of my mouth
Manchester (Mullen) is down 2-1 to Norfolk, and hosts game 4 tomorrow.
never heard of it. Nice half pickle though...
I think you should follow in 's steps and follow me lol ;D Savan knows what he's doing :p
Yes! Michael Buble has a new book!
Extra tired n i need 2 start running again
Hello Jeff! Thank you for the follow! I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
RT : Saw The Island Pres. last night. Very recommended! Great story of democracy &
This is absolutely terrifying news...goodbye freedom of the press. What a dangerous precedent to set.
are they super fem gays? Hahaha!! I can only imagine what that game of call of duty is like. I would b confused too. Lol!
What do you think will be the biggest targets for hackers with cloud computing?
Yes sir! Im from San Francisco and season ticket holder Sec 143. Im coming may in the panda suit and trying to launch in the bay
where at?
I think it's funny how you finish the day and lay down and realize just how much your legs hurt. Good day.
do you keep things in the back of your phone case? i know i do RT if you do the same thing <3
POW ! RT : Good morning how about a follow on this beautiful Wednesday all the way from Toronto :)
RT It's just one of them days.... " >the rain is all I can say
My album drops may 25th
THANK YOU so much! Your work in the community is amazing and your music is a delight! WORD!
Good morning everyone.Don't friend your boss on twitter or facebook i have a block on his whole family.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
If you love two people at the same time chose the 2nd because if you were really inlove with the 1st you would have never fallen for the 2nd
throat so sore!!! counting down the minutes til I can get out of #steenbock and into my new sheets
She dont even feel right without me
Let's Go HEAT!!!
bingo! RT : Empowered Patients must go into Doc Appt w/ a PLAN.
Well, yes. But we knew that already. Earnest users of the social medias.
S/o to brought the new year in right.
Make sure to check back for more chef announcements. Great chefs and even better food!
Wow i feel like i got hit by a Ford Taurus. This is the only time of year that I see 4 am multiple nights in a row. Love Key West
yeah definitely
Just saw Jason. It made me sad. True story.
It is going to be in the 90s most of the week, with heat indexes of up to 110F! How are you and your family beating the heat this week?
PLZ FOLLOW ME ! FOLLOW & I BE THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD<3j'ADORE LAVIE EN ROSE . jE T'AIME BEAUCOUP!! (French)
you should search up your name and see what comes up
still up grinding.. i have so much to learn about this business and i have a boss that works hard..i have to match his intensity
RT hey swag daddy please follow me<3
Time for my #powernap >:)
"Man in Mirror" on @ Subway. Wonder if my sandwich artists were inspired by the greatest. Or was he singing to the Man in the sneeze guard?
'Revenge' Chicks: Who'd You Rather?
how was the track meet ?
I love Sonic!:D
Sent you the first Sample of your Productions Intro Song.
Next time my daughter makes me get up @ 3am to line up for AI... Steven Tyler better be there to give me a kiss
you and your fried Oreos.
This little girl just really feel back to sleep on my back and her face is on mine oh hell nah pune
Anyone want a Wordpress plugin to display 17 of your social media profiles? If so, just reply...
Gah! RT : Or sell naming rights. What's not to love about the Philip Morris Newbery Award?
RT "A wise wo/man will make more opportunities than s/he finds." Francis Bacon
Whos home from school and ready to play at highland tmrw??
aw yall up a little.. Cab is smooth tho.. Once you on the strip you aint gonna want to leave it.. Er'body on it lol
why would you do that to them? For your own personal pleasure? Cain and Abel got nothin' on them.
Pink Eye will last 3-5 days. And though its not life threatening or dangerous, it is highly contagious and uncomfortable....
Is it really?I almost saw it but then went to the site. You have to admit that they're not helping there cause with the site.
I mean, I think at a certain point you've gone on enough vacations!
There have been too many instances in my life where GOD has proven he is real.Prayer with 100 percent faith really works!
Spartanburg Ham radio pioneer wins national thank-you - Spartanburg Herald Journal
50 shades of grey is getting so addicting
#thatawkwardmoment when ur digging the songs played where you are & then rainbow connection starts playing.. 0.o LOL ;)
I'm so hurt
All you touch and all you see, Is all your life will ever be. - - - Pink Floyd, "Breathe"
God night <3
cant attack ' theories b/c he simply does not engage (applies manufactured consent) to truly challenging counter
Left the tavern. Now on to REAL, hopped at the table beer with and THE wife. @
Merry Christmas, everyone. Remember, reach out to friends & neighbors who don't feel so joyous on this joyous day.
hey guys i will e starting a youtube accout but idk what kinds of videos should i make?? tweet some ideas please
Crackle has free movies. Checked it out. Can't wait to watch 17 diff versions of Godzilla, Beverly Hills Ninja and "Das Boot".
": Mad Miami lost -____-"they weak
Much appreciated! Let us know what they say about it!
Brewer crew up 8.5 . Good night
With that said, let me carry my ass to the salon.
why haven't the NIck Parents' Pick winners been announced? i'm dying here...
Correct RT No one knows what it is like for a child to be abused by an adult; stop behaving as if it is not a big deal.
your such a pussy
Great team lunch with developers Good discussions on cloud and building incredible things for customers like never before!
I'm always hesitant to blame magic, but I think it's safe to say that the Browns (and Cleveland in general) are cursed.
"Oh no we do NOT do turtle necks."
looking for RoR leads in Southern FL and NYC. Send resumes and referrals to
“As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.” Ben Hogan
RT : More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.
I don't know what happened to common sense and intelligence. And I don't know if I should worry or laugh.
Welcome to the exciting world of Twitter! :) Looking forward to reading some Tweets on Friday.
Open your eyes, and witness the destruction. Open your ears, and hear what you've become.
Like Water Out The Sky
Thanks for the RT!
oh yea we about to do that
Thanks again! :)
I'd say you're in good shape. Vick alone can run for days. And one Vick to DeSean bomb pretty much seals the deal
Great day, while #pingfederate +#pingone = better together, consensus says the ultimate is bacon + bacon = better together :)
Excuse me, did you just quote Bible, in this conversation, in order to get your way?
Paradox - Life is a mystery, don't waist time trying to figure it out.
Haha... And come on Eileen :) 100% homo :)
One period down. You guys got this Go #Pens!!!
Happy Easter
": Our message at 100k followers is to tweet each other well & to spread good vibes. #lifeisgood #optimism #passion"
I was that unmotivated student in my 1st online class.I wrk so much bttr interacting live. contributing 2 online convo
Extremely disappointed to learn that Indians pitcher Fausto Carmona is actually named "Roberto Hernandez."
I've been a Rangers fan forever... We gave him all that bread and this nigga changed our team. LOL
Indiana with 20 wins. Coach Crean has brought the program back to std tonight.
Our website is up! Check it out: www.phuongnhuanddan.ourwedding.com Aaandlet me know if there are any typos :)
#BandsILove One Direction duh!
a nap sounds amazing.
Deactivate pants
Finally a break from Baton film set. Hitting the dirty dirty with film friends. THANK GAWD!!!!!
None of my followers tweet me. What the hell. #foreveralone #nofriends #tweetme #:(
Im sittin here n the corner lookin @ ya pics & fallin n love w/ u all over again and missin you more then ever b4 OMG i miss u BOODAH BODI
You know your town has hit the BIG TIME when Matt Savage arrives...!!!
Just a little :-)
It’s never too late to get your holiday cards. can help, order by December 22nd.
I always say I like Kentucky and Baylor, the most talented teams in the #NCAA but I chose NC to win it all this year!! #FinalFour!!!!
It's a balmy March morning here in #richmond va...operating as a social media goddess until 11, then morphing back to editor status
i wish i work all the hours god sends. No time to party :(
My dog is ill today
I imagine that is a huge amount of money for a show that's on a cable network.
www.flickr.com/groups/transmodernfestival JOIN OUR FLICKR GROUP!
I think the fact that I've been real busy this week is making the time fly by
I'm thinking about how weird one of my customers is- quite a love/hate relationship. He's only nice to me when I'm mean to him...exhausting!
fuuuuck i forgot all about it haha
RT : Success is buried on the other side of rejection. ~Tony Robbins
my mom says those are near indestructible. they can survive off almost no light and will perk up w/ h2o after looking wilted
Yeah...true. He just needs to put some ice on it.
Master P Was Sexy Thenna Btch !
This was my entire morning. Still overdressed :(
so go out and enjoy that #CALIWEATHER With family and friends. Life ain't about TV.
wow I really wish you didn't point that out because now I can't help but notice it.
Really? :) where do you park?
My Cocker,Lily was diagnosed w/diabetes 3 wks ago, and w/in a few hrs yesterday, she went blind, she's only 6, + I was laid off the week b4
If you are coming to the Heartland Worship Institute....get your deposit in before the price goes up soon!!
oh really sir (: lol
We need something to revive us.
yea she's gonna be 2 in 2 wks.! :)
Life is sweet. Amazing food. Great music. Good scene.
#WorstRapLineEver young based god it's nothing 55 Bieber swag off the meter 50 on my shhh cause I look like Bieber - lil b
I've watched the first 2 seasons of #MadMen in ten days. I think I have a problem.
Time to cut a Bitch!
setting across from Georgia bench. I think I heard some crickets!
One request tonight :: Being present. Taking careful.
“: Philly is one corner of the Douchebag Triangle (Philly/NJ/NYC)”
You're going to be at BlogHer? And I'm going to miss it this year! That just isn't right.
This is his 14th 500. Numerology has a funny way of working things out at Daytona.
I feel like we're married, it seems like we are always together.
The article brings up some interesting points.
But they're recording it now, released in an hour; and commentators are not allowed to discuss it.
oh, we are of the same age era...'66 for me.
I'll be at the CBS studio tomorrow rooting for you!
Heat vs Knicks is gonna be better than any other series
what did you get? haha and same here just waking up
Lol #facepalm RT : Yeah, & their new ass't coaches suck! #ohwait RT : Hilarious. Only the new, NEW Big East
ok i have benn trying to look for #girlfriendmagazine in almost every store i can find in #tampabayFL & i have #noluck :/
Lawl at least I'm not the only one
I wish I did - agree with you that the site's a nightmare. I've about given up.
Merp! Will look into this. Thankfully our alums pay meticulous attention to detail!
Could you give a bit more info??? The rumors are crazy!
leave me da fuck alone bro
Add pizza to your list! “: It's official - LA can suck NY's butt when it comes to bagels and Chinese food.”
Hm ... according to my web site stats, Twitter users click links less than FB, LinkedIn, Google+ and Pinterest users! WTF! Wake up!
i love you! you're my inspiration . <U+2665>
Why Am I not surprised to see the #Tigers losing?
Follow for live tweets from the Woodruff Lecture at 11.
Yes. RT : Seriously??? RT : Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
yes what u up to
there is nothing I hate more in the world the mistaking raisin for chocolate chip!
Re; I agree Walter. They were wonderful people and an inspiration to an entire community.
My mommy is supper happy today she got a cake .. She got new everything and her FAV seafood. She's just super happy n that makes me happy !
yeah right Lmao
stop by our patio for some great food and fresh drink while you're in town!
baby you so fine
tweet copper to others who have said this as well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> a.k.a Everyone
Niggas really just wanna do some cool shit tonight
thanks for the follow. How's the weather out in Boulder today?
Fuckin Artest Lmaooooo!!! Omg how I hate the. Get that dick out yo mouf and speak English bro. The fuck u just say? U egg head ass alien
I think we're going to have to add Rex hospital brunch into the rotation after long runs.
Kyrie Irving is unreal.
This game.
god no, I haven't watched terminator. But time traveling robots sound bad. Maybe I can fend them off w/ some fembots
My acne :(
This is a bad, bad idea RT Chen back out for the 8th at 105 pitches. color me impressed.
world power
Almost went to bed with contacts in.
that's my song! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
got my 10 year highschool reunion coming up!
is it possible for someone to be cute, but ugly at the samee time ?
is so gorgeous so sweet, and so talented i hope she follows me :)
Some people need 12step twitter help... 30 tweets a minute is crazy
Thinking it'd be nice if I could find a "Twitter Barter System for Fiction Authors" Like reviews, real intros, bail me out, I'll bail out u.
Developing story nurse arrested at OHSU on child porn charges. We're updating information as it comes in
I'm in the U.S. but as soon as I graduate I want to move to AUS :)
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism's
getting expresso.. and enjoy the day.. be back with updates...
my boi friend is being a dick
get at me, got some more unreleased shit me and Reese did to help out the cause!
Happy B Day
I definitely second that!! :)
Got a link handy to twitter list of #99conf attendees and/or speakers?
haha I tried to get someone to work for me I just couldnt :((((
Been laying awake in bed since midnight, hoping the rain will help me sleep so tired :(
Fielder in DC tonight to sign contract...
A: 18 | answered first!:]
Brake system fluid changed, and good news on the life of my brake hardware. Hopefully the flush fixes the problem.
Trying it out, so far so good. TweetDeck was giving me some display and login issues.
hahaha bless ya! Should have come earlier
- my girlfriend is shopping there right now.
whoever you don't start will have a great game. Go with the better offense.
Round the (academic) world in 10 jobs: In this top 10, we wring the mileage out of a travel analogy and celebrat..
im really not looking forward to this race tomorrow
Broken pencils are pointless.
Thanks for following me too :D x
sorry! We actually went to the basketball game since they bumped those games to the practice fields
mke the damn tweet :)
good night Twittie Birds!
literally just beat off in my bathroom
that sounds cool
when will you be there!!
Looks like this guy I caught in the rain with no umbrella Ella Ella
I think I might isolate myself from everyone for a little bit. I'm tired of constantly getting shit on.
Today is a new day, life decisions to be made. Tho it may offend some, the choice is yours, and ultimately u decide whether ppl or situa ...
eating indian vadei at almost midnight.. jeez. i wonder why im getting fatter everyday. Singapore just has too much good food.
Happy birthday to the cheese stick swag master
Okay, if one begged and begged for something they want, would you give it to them ? Or it just doesn't matter...
In Norway new parents get 12 months off with 80% pay. But they have an extremely high cost of living.
McNabb needs to stick to his gig at He is rather funny on there.
Thanks for favoriting my Tweet
From birthday girl Sylvia Angel: Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. ~Mother Teresa
Half way through Phillip Pullman's The Amber Spyglass....loving every second of it! --Elena
I can't wait to spend the entire weekend with my girls &
Everybody kicked back at home
check your email
Well, iPad plus drop-box is sweet. But the new one will be better than the current version if you can hold out till spring.
Cudahy?-RT : Friday trivia: what country has the highest per capita beer consumption?
Because I mistakenly hit RT instead of Reply. :-)
magic & progressive spirit, from the taste of it. Mixologist says vodka, peach-rose tea syrup, HUM botanicals, bitters
Merry Christmas!!!! Order a poetry plaque by Monday and it'll be there for Christmas morning. Call, text, email or message me.
no don't delete. Think of all the robots you will put out of work!
Hope you're having fun, Pong!
Getting n at X-Sport Fitness
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects
Why wait until Monday to love ur job? CAbi is so wonderfully flexible u can love ur job anytime.
I think they switched Call Of Duty with not Call Of Duty,
Anyone with ideas on places to see and/or dine at in Albany, NY and Lenox, MA? Appreciate any suggestions!
I usually don't. I just like her.
Just left my agency's #CFC Kickoff. The groups I already give my time will also get my $$. How about you?
Watching Hulk with Viggle Wed | 6:35 | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Welcome to the dustbowl TX state.
Don't forget to vote against Aaron Rodgers in the Madden cover contest.
this hour is most powerful. this a powerful hour.
I HATE Wen Niggas / Females Say Dnt Give Head Or Eat Da Box Lol I beg To Differ , I mean STFU its A Prt of Good Sex Jus DNT Do Everybdy Lbs
Went to bed late last night overly excited about a new business card design to the point where I could not sleep well. designing rocks.
you know it(;
I want food...
Some people are full of themselves
<3 started "the faith" last night. Started flagging quotes, but no dog ears, promise!
I hate these twats that quote Ghandi and shit on their Tweets/Myspace/Facebook etc.. GET OVER YOURSELF!!! FUCK YOU!
Can't... leave... my TV... These games drive me nuts.
Rick Santorium is now asking for donations to end his campaign debts. Just say no hand outs allowed.
My children's teachers have been mispronouncing his ethnic name and repeatedly spelling it wrong despite correction. How livid should I be?
Either Carbon wants to cuddle because he knows I'm sad, or because I have a heated blanket.
lol I know I was joking
dude let it go .
New temp employee (speaks spanish/knows housing counseling) 2 housing counseling volunteers, 2 office volunteers! We are ready August 15th!
hey your nba pregame show is better w/o stu. Itll improve massively if you replace a certain hall of famer w/ CWebb
where are you all playing?
sweet, I hope everyone else thought so too!!
Beyonce is our generations Tina Turner Believe dat!!
Tea, a pen, and a blank notebook. time to put in some work on new lyrical material
relaxing and staying out of the sun, 104 out there today, yikes
I Miss You But If I Gave You Another Chance Im Afraid You Will Hurt Me Again! </3 :,(
Promoters Just Follow Me, Ima Give you Some Swag! Cause I Got the Belt!!!!
i need that notebook ^.^
morning to you and yours. I'm SO ready for
its big rite now cuz soo BIG!!!!!
your suits are awesome...wish I was in Cali to shoot them for you.
Hi WH Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
they aren't just "workers". You could more easily replace the owners than the players without affecting the product.
MSM reporting lies...figures. They are tools of the government and corporstions
3 of the most famous yoga exercises for weight loss
Today!!! Brass Monkey #Milwaukee goes Honkey Tonkin!! Live Country Music by Willow Creek Band!! The Twang starts at 1pm!!!
what do u want?
He/she should be the 1person in ur life u never have to lie to. No matter how fucked up the truth makes u seem
huge things I think!
Glad it went well RT : Great session tonight with Mike Mac and everyone. Shoulda got they twitter joints...thx
just realized I sent a tweet to the wrong
You got it, Justin! Everything I said was very true! :)
Thanks, guys!
omg, you have a more expensive camera than me, it doesnt mean it makes you any better than me.
30 followers :) Gahh i know its not much but i thank them for following me!(:
Just burnt my wrist :\
"There is nothing less original than attacking popular culture." Wiser words have never been spoken.
Thanks for the follow, Terri! We're practically neighbors!
I haven't had any drama in my life since I cut you out of it
Tired, sore, just wanted to stay in bed....but...off to the gym. Days like today make the difference! Make it great!
The awkward moment when someome asks you what's wrong and they are the problem
the world is ours, if we want it we can take it, if you just take my hand<3
awesome! used to play open mic at the union in madison with Mike - you guys are gonna kill it! too bad we're not in ia. now
Les Enluminures will be at the NY Antiquarian Book Fair: Park Av. Armory b/w 66th & 67th Str. This Fri and Sat noon to 8 pm/Sun. until 5 pm
When will you be performing in the NYC area.
LMFAAO ! word now they gon eat people ! RUN!
Haha I actually picked Canada.(:
Overheard two old men arguing about motorcycles, scooters, & bicycles. Seems they shouldnt have road rights. Especially scooters & bikes. :(
Has Justin finally followed you yet?
m can't wait!
I'm not a Who-maniac by any means, but it is awesomely entertaining. Also, I swoon over Matt Smith (Doc) so that helps.
Pats lost...i'm extremely disappointed .
"I know ALL about cloning. I AM a clone" -- me, today
This documentary on black holes just blew my mind. Black holes could be the other side of a Big Bang/another universe?!
"Isn't it fun getting older?" is really a terrible fallacy. That's like saying I prefer driving an old car with a flat tire. - Kate Hepburn
So what records will you be looking for at PVC #2?
Screw margaritas--all I'll be thinking about on Cinco de Mayo is NYC has everything...except the best beer ever.
Word on road is that the click about to blow. -Drake
are flying in from San Francisco and searching for a gig in Dublin on Friday May 4th, anyone know a decent place?
so we can try and cheat on the replays now?
Senator Durbin Producer Fest The friend of the Illinois farmer! woo hoo!
i had a monster today and it was green.. it reminded me of the
Japan Airlines plans to relist its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as the next step in its recovery from bankruptcy.
Oscar nominations. Bleh.
Music does make everything better. If you love christian music, you should check us out!
Did you remember to fall back this weekend? We have new fall/winter hours! Beginning today, we will close at 7 p.m. on weekdays.
Will they miss me
Canon U.S.A. Announces Expanded Laser Printer Lineup with Two New imageRUNNER LBP Models
Dear student: I choose to believe that you simply don't realize how racist you sound. The alternative is too painful.
Make sure you hit up our Facebook Page www.facebook.com/christmaseverydayclothing
Thanks and for a great presentation!
The all star race is going to be awesome and GO JR. Hwating!!!!
Im constantly reminded why I hate the Chinatown metro station. How is it possible there are no station operators working?
I like how some of the pianists have given the bass a solo. It shows how they comp. Some are better at it than others.
Or, Instantly connect important everywhere.
What's really good?? I guess we all gon get used from time to time.... Or at least they try to. Ladies, use them before they do u.
"Is calling a girl 'shorty' still cool?" --New Girl
why is 1D moving to the U.S? ugh they're so annoying.
I'm so happy you're coming home <3
Density of liquor stores in a neighborhood is linked to increased violent crime. We've got 8.1 liquor stores per 10,000 residents.
I WILL NEVER STOP BEING A ZSWAGGER!!!!!
Oh shit! You went to MSG?! it's big, huh? My dad actually owns 2 seats in that arena!
Wtf man precious always tripping,she ignoring me and sht
#thoughtcatalogpitches RT : My next essay is called "Enmity and the Internal Politics of #TeamFollowBack"
hmm, let's don't go down that road ... said she who hasn't posted since February!
New cover soon! (: What song should I do? Someone like you, or Rolling in the deep by Adele? Need answers soon! (:
text me back. I didn't see anything
even more beautiful. She was a very happy little girl. She loved Kitty-cats, hula hooping, dolls, baking cookies, and dress up. But most
Life seems to always be feast or famine
Lunch with and
Aint no doubt about it
They named Hill of Grace after he slept there.....
I Don't Sugar Coat Shit , I Tell *It How It Is .
Who are the ICONic Boyz? In Math: My solution. In history: My kings. In chemistry: My reactions. In Art: My heart. In me: My inspirations.
or you could just be really coo like me ;-)
idk why i keep checking my dms.
“: Im definately about to gone in drop this stack for a Macbook pro...cant deal with this laptop much longer” yu balling BF lol
Congrats guys! RT : A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012! Go Team Fresh!!
you rock, Jenna! Did you know that in the new space there will be a white board in your name?
More bad news: "..the plume of radiation being given off by the plant show that an elongated cloud will stretch across the Pacific,"NYT
Tatte is tasty, isn't it? We should have breakfast there soon!
the ONLY thing I will be sad about when the season officially changes: packing up my corduroys.
go back to bed :)
Busy day. School all day then audition then skype interview for DisneyInfonet . Busy is good
Looking for a great leader to lead this country? Look in the mirror! It is the American people who need to take charge. Trust in yourself.
Everyone make sure to wish a very Happy Birthday. He is just so awesome.
Idk why but when i think bout #oomf my stomach feel weird
thats a great question .. when does the keg of arrive??
TY RT Hope to see you at #BizMomsKnow Twitter Chat today :D
If there's one thing my mommah taught me, it's never to accept sushi rolls from strange men in parking garages. Today, I made mommah proud.
nd my new one aint come yet
oh yea i love my new icon :-) i love Logan with all my life :-)
let me check with him today. I work until 430. You can send a message on fb if you want!
something about the left side of his face GOP #SOTU responder Gov. Mitch Daniels not want us to see?
Who's going to see Polvo in Chicago on Saturday?
San Antonio Silver Stars fall to Seattle Storm 78-64. Silver Stars fall to 11-7 on the season.
Only 3 more weekends until Last Night at the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre (28th Jan). Have you bought your tickets yet?
They see me tumblin They hatin!
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures.
dion is about to drop 25 a game on the way to new orleans
thanks for the edible arrangement...made my night ;)
dear cody simpson....when you come to moline, illinois we DEF have to meet up again. :)
hoping to release Seizure No. 2 in August...
Well fine then.
Turned on Derby and said "I vote for purple" not knowing names/info/stats/etc. And purple won. Clearly I'm psychic.
Weight room
BB Pin:28386760 Hola! Add me I'm Naufal pin:28386760 ,Only Girls and Normal
I am REALLY enjoying rain in Austin, Texas. It's been WAY too long since we had any. Cooler too.
Listening to the Yahel Show on DI.FM. It rocks.
Wow what a puss. Starts this shit and ends it quickly. We give the win to easily. No good comebacks by Frank
I'm headed to Boston this weekend and look forward to your post on North Shore used bookstores :-)
way possible.
: Awww, all the people who 'Like' our page, you are awesome!!!! Thanks!!!! -Development Team (Millie ;D )
do you have any details on Spring Fling? Is it just shops this year? I heard the beer garden/music was cancelled ...
even more of a deterrent fr tanking...I like it.
Aren't yours and BJ's covers just different views of the same guy?
Guess what! Big News!! Got a puppy today!! Guess what kind?!
The sandwich & the burrito are also amazing ;)
Meryl Streep will win Best Actress but if she DIDN'T I would LOVE to see Michelle Williams or Rooney Mara - AMAZING TALENTS!
my mom says she's been married so much she dont know who the first one was HateLies<3Trust
May Bike Month is approaching, but when gas hits $5/gal it will be a Must Bike Summer.
that's fast though! Be careful
Let's hope there are no mentions of Pookie or house slippers in POTUS's remarks today.
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again, even after the worst crap imaginable. Crap's the best fertilizer.
#Frenchys Original Cafe weekend specials: Fried Flounder basket with fries & slaw $9.95...Calypso Cooler drink for $6
C'mon Hill...brining out that Brip Streep ball down in MIA is not going to fly.
RT : My 4 year old 2day asked me y Pres O & Romney couldn't both B half-President? Then she asked same abt Mufasa & Scar in...
I nominate 4 a Shorty Award in #lifesavinghero b/c w/ #SM he's prev at least 5 suicides & prevented Columbine-like shooting.
great stuff man, thanks! I'm going to use it in my blog tomorrow
That looks like fun!
check out at they offer pretty good SEO services
Pretty will swallow you forever
Sweet dreams and Good Night Los Angeles!
I was too excited about my Grand Slam that I ate it too fast and forgot to Instagram it for you.
dang what the dog do
Just met and - they're Kokomoans!!! #indianatweeple So nice to meet u!
Ron Brooks Bills Jersey Nike – Buffalo Bills select LSU CB Ron ...
Simply to argue the feelingfulness of music cuts many ways and we too often overlook those that are deleterious
Amazing bumper sticker alert: "THE OLDER I GET, THE MORE EVERYONE CAN KISS MY ASS"
Richmond is among the top "Most Well-Read Cities in America" by Keep reading Greater #RVA!
I hear you man. I saw white tourists posing with smiling riot cops down there, probably a lil different vibe for minorities
Will I be seeing your happy face this Friday at Wine Week??
#aboutme i think penguins are adorable
Severe T'storm Watch for entire viewing area until 7pm
*i mean bro
Not to be THAT guy, but I was at the Galarraga IMperfect game #Tigers #Indians Me and my friend were actually on TV
Start your weekend off right, stop by for a scone and a tea or coffee before you close up shop!
Omg I think the older me is at the next table!
awkward salt moment when cotto loses....
if you have any questions, feel free to hit us up.
Oh, happy day Glam Girl! <8-D RT : Happy Birthday to me!
an economy we can't support in my opinion for one.
Congrats, Cheryl! You've won a complimentary #ASHAspa massage!
many many cody but I found the real one !!!! Its !!!!
someday i will have kids, and they will have a buzz lightyear and woody doll.
9:15 SHARP set time at subterranean tonight...don't blow it...last 2011 show fuckers
and with that I am done writing seminar papers, presumably for life
The more someone looks like us the more we are likely to help them, scientist find
15 minutes? You saying you'd deliver? :-)
no ; you know how this works.
absolutely!!! Thanks Ellis!
RT : Thank you for a great talk & video experiment at tonight's
Does anyone have a teleporter I can borrow? Please?
AVATAR NEW YORK -Senior Software Engineers for an awesome studio based in San francisco for more info contact .uk
your tweets are crazy. #fartpizza?! Your hashtags are whack.
Just finished preparing Grilled Portabello Mushroom and Onion Sandwiches with Hummus to measure and list steps for the cookbook... YUM!
id get in trouble hey i got to go they're gonna give me painkillers n something to fall asleep ttyl love ya dnt forget me
You're welcome!
Just deleted 685 pictures from my phone! Still going through them(:
how did slice the movie go?
Are you guys hosting these events?
RT : Woo Rick Flair lol RT : hola love how u been ?<lol u got jokes nerd?
Does anybody #Tether for a long time period of time if so how long and how much date WUD one use?
Hah! I honestly didn't know they had a fan base. I assumed their home games were filled with the other team's fans.
More results soon. They are recapping Driver from last night now.
Affordable housing + short commutes + rich cultural environment + great sports & leisure opportunities + low business overhead =
Don't be misled - you cannot mock the justice of God. You will always harvest what you plant. - Galatians 6:7 BLESSED DAY ALL : )
Just know that I know.
Still floating on the wknd; absolutely loved solo bellydancing w/4piece jazz band & 6piece Egyptian-style band. Improv is the best! picsoon
art I love to draw and music cause I love making music <3
Last hashtag should have been
surprisingly, a lot.
lol your right
Lady: I'm a temporary appointee to my reference job, and I just applied for the permanent position. Fingers crossed!
Diamond® Cabinets Introduces a Fresh Batch of Kitchen and Bath Cabinet Styles ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm responding. Girls being pimped out by their mothers IS my business.
Good morning!
Might be *a bit* emotional about returning to the US... woman in elevator asked if I was enjoying my holiday + I almost burst into tears.
It's going to be 93 here today... I'm not going nowhere I'm staying in
Let's keep rolling, right into recalls!
The Dolphins must hate winning.
We got my nigga out <U+E312><U+E334><U+E334><U+E113><U+E312>
Pessimist : A person who says that O is the last letter of ZERO, instead of the first letter in word OPPORTUNITY.
thanks for the support looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21 Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing
thanks for the RT
Thanks... -_- RT : Thornton just blew it for Humber. Walk, wild pitch, then gave up 2 RBI double to Dyson. Royals up, 2-1.
hahahaha sry and dink :) and I'm missing u in a best friend way to haha
thanks my jaw hurts now! -___-
We will let you know as soon as its confirmed! There was a mix up with the venue and if its cancelled we can refund your
Keeping a food journal decreases the likelihood that you'll eat unhealthy. It's like you're judging yourself as you log your meals! Do it!
That we must love all things that God made.
alright I am going to go to bed bc there is no point in trying with u anymore ..... goodnight
nachos or mexican restaurants?
Zero-Sum arrangement, no bargaining with #zombies!
And the verdict is: Hipster.
heh. she popped up as a follow suggestion and I saw you're following her so.. ;-P
I'm tired as hell trying to fight my sleep just to finish this damn review. Ugh.
Since you are going to the Super Bowl and are a Cowboys fan.. Who are you picking Super Sunday????
You can call me Freaky Deaky.Let's Go My People.........
Copying my tweets <<<<
Now that I'm in my sixties all my loves are online and in Africa!
bout to hit the club wit aye!!!
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. - St. Francis De Sales
My bff didn't answer my text....... I hope she's sleep and not ignoring me lol
You have come around on Luck since the fall?
So do you people want to see nfl lock out
Happy Earth Day!
RT : Rory today was like an incredible jump shooter who just couldn't buy a bucket. He'll be back! Just 21 years old!
I don't get Nicki Minaj. Ya i said it. Like I'm pretty sure she's some governmental experiment gone wrong.
So JJ Abrams is filming the next Star Trek - I am just enough of a geek to be really excited about this!
you can stop staring at my boyfriend now, ugly hoe.
of course I do... Block Kim Kardashian so she can't follow you!
what about ruby red vodka? Sounds intriguing.
3 more days. 3 more days. 3 more days.
What are some of your favorite cuisines?
I gave up on the cowboys after last year
nice. I'm done Thursday and leaving Friday. So Thursday night lets go hard
Incredibly impressed with at #BigOmaha. He's the kinda guy you'd like to have a three hour coffee convo with.
Our second-ever ATEC/EMAC Showcase is next week (Wednesday night)! Come on out and see what your fellow students have been up to!
Hi, Ann! Going great! Tomorrow the agency is learning about "Idea Generation" from.... you! I believe it's a webinar.
As Ray mentioned, use CCLabelBMFont instead of CCLabelTTF. CCLabelTTF creates a new texture on upd, which makes it slow.
Beautiful play, McDonagh.
John 20:21 Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.”
That was probably pretty accurate in 2004 when Kerry said it. GWB 05-09 was a cosmic disaster.
NASCAR is from North Carolina...
unless you're under 12 years old you shouldn't mention the avengers.
I feel you. Taking inventory on a lot of things and re-prioritizing.
Listening to this 21 year old minister who is #TheTruth!
did you know we are working on new songs? it's a winter time tradition for ITLCA we will miss you until summer but we will always love you
If you want some great recipes #FF - it will make you hungry!
please follow us? We love you!
Actions can be shared byothers in the community who are inspired either by yourpersonal vision or action,enabling you to motivate each other
it's good, I just got back from seeing it!
and sleeping schedule too
Did you get my DM with my email? You can always use as well.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. — Henry Ward Beecher
i don't believe you
RT : What are you listening to right now? #Need2Share --> #Phil&Friends Althea with Joan Osborne on lead vocals.
bro what do you mean? Like the da in general? Bro idk about my dress...
Follow for all things #art #fashion #music #design and for some general
lol At least I don't have to get stitches! :D So, what have you been doing?
This Light in August analysis isn't going to get done. I'm lost and I really don't care to do it.
Atlanta venue for auditions is popular with registrants.
Not everyone understands my humor. 'Tis a shame...
Now let's keep our fingers crossed for NEH.
"I don't even know why I'm talking to you" - way to go
Too hungover to tweet
yes sir! Start to finish tonight. “: I've got by double figures. Agree/Disagree?”
Hoping the #WorldSeries proves to be appropriate blue-state-triumphs-over-red-state foreshadowing for E-Day.
RT : Agreed. It's like our #lecole41 graduated and went off to college! Indeed!
Chobani Strawberry Banana Greek Yogurt…YUM!!!!
what game was you playing ?
and diet
Hoping for a #Penguins win!
Never been this bored at a party
only one, but the other 13 are trying to stop him.
And for the first of many times, Henrik >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Henrique
We're this Friday night w/ The Scissors, Ivory Theory and Mutts. Don't miss it!
hm what times I'll take it if I need it I have to check the requirements again cause everyone tells me different classes
I love it when my two-year old Stata syntax runs correctly on the first try!
Kim parker built ahh
eating subway(:
workplace frustrations today there. bS?
oh please do
I love the passion of other Geeks. But the intellectual pissing contests, I could do without. It's a waste of my time.
Last night dog & cat sitting in Noe Valley... #bittersweet Love animals being around but so over the responsibility
glee is making this studying so much better <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm talking about the people complaining that this isn't universal healthcare.
What is the link?
you know what I am going to buy some more gold on Wed since it's dropped a little,will post a pic on Wed
Christians should live as Jesus Christ's representative Col 3:17
Follow me,Is Hot related to Desperate Housewives
“: I love someone that I can motivate and they motivate me #dynamiteduo”
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
•*´¨`*•<U+2640><U+2640>SENDING LOVE TO ALL OUR SUPPORTERS AND FOLLOWERS<U+2642><U+2642>
No one wants to meet me? Lol okay I'm a lazy ass anyway c:
I know a contracts expert barrister in London. Dont know about affordability. Want name anyway?
I decreased service, cancelled paper billing & 4 some reason, am being shipped a new receiver? Have an email I can use
Reminds me of this past Friday. Saw 2 ducks trying to cross the street. Ducks are mad dumb, yo...but cute! :)
Well said! I have dedicated myself and my professional life to helping others understand the wisdom that is revealed in my...
#nw lets go to prison:]
geting ready for going to grinnell today was the last day of cross country practice for me
simple answer: no. he cannot get good hitters out...and the cardinals have too many good hitters in their lineup.
the words I usually have for SEO are "explain yourself. again".
that's the worst! Then you just eat way more than you should.
Did that sound dismissive? I didn't mean for it to. Color options are something we hear from time to time, so there's a good chance.
haha it's hard not to! I'm in advanced so they make us do so much more work D:
This condom was cold and now my vagina is on fire. WTF TROJAN??
I got an a.p test today but ima stat home cause idk shit...
text me I will dm u my num
I'm BSHU at the yard tonight
nope *starts smackin louder* : aye share!
I remember when I used to look forward to the weekend to get hammered and go out. Now I'm lucky if I even go out once.
The archival A/V assessment I'm currently working on proves one thing: there are VHS tapes EVERYWHERE and they're all in craptastic shape.
You pumping blood when you doing a jumping jack, we extracting blood when we jumping jack. #jackFuckedUp #comedyflow lol
Oh me oh my!
I think I am missing something here…
Only ugly girls say suck my dick, then that's when you question them
Counting the days...
Heading to !
thanks for the follow and thanks for providing your studio for our NARIP brunch last Saturday!
The Athenaeum is indeed open today, stop by for a Saturday visit if you're in town.
wtf what happened,, we love sue
Immediate Release: Pearl Quinones, first Latina elected to the SUHSD School Board receives Uptown Democratic Club Endorsement Feb 23, 2010
I need more followers so I can follow more tweeters
Um hi i love you too
Who taught #Tebow how to throw?....Daddy used to say ' don't ever throw like a girl"...
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE ALL OF YOU GUYS SO MUCH <3
finished the book in what? 3days!
Maybe I'm just crazy, crazy for you baby
Thank you for another amazing show.
You taking the Giants, Ced?
o new blog for me to read!
I'm like Roderick in Diary of a Wimpy Kid...................without the torture of my brother!
Committed a cardinal travel sin, I had premier access and I didn't walk on the special carpet!
Just remember, not everything turns out the way you planned it.
Wedding Ceremony: How To Choose A Celebrant - Huffington Post
i'm working on yelling "I'M THE FACE PUNCHER" in French.
Congrats on #1500shows! Thank you for bringing us Sophia Grace and Rosie
Pandora right now >>> headphones in, ignoring everyone.
1st day of 2012 is almost in the history books. Got a ton accomplished today. It's gonna be a gr8 year! I can feel it.
Hoping it will warm up earlier this yr than the last couple & I'll have better luck with tomatoes, peppers, etc.
down again with no mich ultra on the club level. If I have to keep leaving to get food and drinks what is the value of my tix?
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer. You know who you are and you know what you want. ~ Lao-Tzu
That Brett Lawrie swing was sweeter than 's most recent photo compilation
GARP Assessment Tool expected to be available in January. Basic and premium packages available.
If you're sick of stress, contact me. I can help.
I can honestly say I have a good daddy even though he made his mistakes I wouldn't trade him for the world <3
Have a bottle of a certain beer (Ahem!), and it'll surely take the edge off. Or six. Have six bottles.
Just thinking about Back to the Future II, when is this pockets-out trend gonna take off
(jen) Working from the cafe this morning - seems to be the only way I can get any writing done! Hoping to get a newsletter out this week.
also possible: "discrete only"=against the prevalent culture of sex w/o spatial, time, or phenomenological bounds
You had me at beer, sliders, and fries.....And also Julie's blessed event.
Going to "Houston's" tonight for dinner - A think the Rib Eye Steak is calling me! Any other suggestions?
< My pleasure
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
You made me smile right now
That dude jamming on
it is a Trek Allant WSD
Probably shouldn't then if there's more than one!!
showed love to ya boy but not u! Myb. U rock the stage too homie..
what r u doing
I would rather it if more boys talked to me. Girls are drama... Not all girls, just a lot of them.
HAAIIII. I'm Mariah. Nice to met you.
thanks bro!! #imonit :-)
janjos: I liked your stand at #sla2009 very much!
although I have never met you, I sill feel strangely proud whenever I see something about you in the news.
Sorry I haven't replied sooner. Thanks for the kind words. I love doing the show!
Now I can talk about on twitter #score :)
THANKS FOR RUINING IT. Lol
hahaha kind of a catch22 with some of these client "dev" teams. Just need a good old-fashion Darth Vader force choke maybe
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
One wayward yellow balloon just drifted past my office window. As would say: "magic."
Feels like running away. Screw stress .
Yeeks--that might be an adventure. But it'd be great should it happen. Likewise, if you're ever in California...
Spiderman Broadway, Cheesecake Factory, Overniight here @ Delaware !!
Goodnight again.......lol
Get exposure to college coaches join for free today
Girls are crazy confusing fuck having a relationship im taking a trip to slut city
Hydro-Québec launches experimental project on plug-in vehicles and the power system
Gasp! They're both wonderful! Bring kleenes to Les Mis...
everyone is doing a public reply not DM so here we go #TheGreatest, 3634, 11.5
Art is only the search and never the final form.
Amy I love your show I'm probably the biggest fan ever and if u follow me back I will be happier than a fat kid on cake :) <3 LLT
If you're a packer fan browsing info on new picks, I HIGHLY recommend the draft pick reaction podcasts from &
not often
SERIOUSLY? I just found an evil cat curled up on the dining room table. And she acted like it was cute.
Next year for the Colts will remind me of 1996 when I walked up to the RCA Dome an hour before the game and purchased a ticket.
that's so cool -Caden
Great Magazine guys.
Flyers/Rangers 24/7 premier last night revealed Flyers locker room victory music: Knock Knock
#FF for depth and breadth in covering ideas: Seeking Wisdom , Open Culture , Sam McNerney
Whoa, congrats man!
“Debt ceiling,” to me, sounds like a boring John Grisham novel, but apparently it’s very important ..
drinking starbucks, enjoying the sun
Argh! My eyes!
Sorry for what happen to Amy Winehouse, She was awesome and like everyone else she had her flaws and unfortunately it got the best of her.
no vacay! straight grind!
following you:) follow back
never said donT watch...you know #HBO #Girls is lowlife, lowbrow, no class, degrading...addG no value to anything
"Aspire to Inspire Before You Expire"
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember ~
"Wait... Isn't crack weed?"
I say it again WAKE UP X
Done. :D
same! listen to that whole cd tho i have a few songs from it on my iPod lol i have yeah 3x by all-star weekend umm roll up by
Where have you travled recently?
Monday! RT : Signing my management contract soon... ;)
Great WordPress MeetUp at our office last night.
I Want Some Milk.&.Cookies.
now everything is good:B
what is your opinion on the storms hitting southern WI? still has strong as they are now between Conway Springs & Wichita?
Will say something be out on itunes anytime soon? (:
OMG the sky is Mad at some1
TMZ Trivia is back tonight at TC Hooligan's in Greece!! will be hosting 9-11pm.. come win prizes for your pop culture knowledge
: #Bulls finish the season with 50 wins and best record in the NBA.
trying to wring the value out of MARC.
Why? Why are the Taco Time tweets being highlighted for me? WHY?
nope he is on an airplane :)
There really is no way cool to wear a helmet.
AH OMG yes
lmao! I promise you do! I was just watching Khloe & Lamar's wedding
I think that's an important question. There's so much literature and yet we have no answer. I'd say:
That makes me really happy. <3
Too funny. And didn't you also do a feminist Disney paper as well?
got me a Cadillac car..
Let us know if you have any questions before you go... and stay in touch!
if I had a dollar for every time I heard that. Lol after the first they just start falling out. U better get some good BC
Golf, disc golf, tennis, biking, running, walking, sunbathing, ducks, dogs, kids, students, faculty - Fantastic Feb day at the Winthrop Lake
Ecology seminar with Cohen and Morton interrupted by actual elemental relations: tornadoes.
Playing super Mario galaxy with one of the coolest kids in the world
iPhone is feelin' fresh with a new bumper thanks to
i made a picture about the account !(:
in maxs ring
knew that! Love you
i have nothing to wear-_- is it friday yet?
Second guess your fist impression.
u realy have a great voice =)
You're gonna miss this, you're gonna want this back, you're gonna wish these days hadn't gone by so fast !
'The uprising has become an armed rebellion' -Debra Amos
I'm a busy Beavis today. Uh... huh... you should like use a StringBuilder or something
Enjoying the light-hearted jabs the #flashbelt speakers are taking at Apple. Good attitude overall throughout the conference
my stomach hurt...
One more session then it's start preparing for family time.
jorge: at Boardwalk, no gas, electric, still leaking natural gas in some places. "Don't come down here, Stay Away!" Kemah police officer.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW. STOP IT. STOP.
With my little bebe later <3
starting B-School w/you, looking forward to it! xo
You're song was the melody to my ears. I loved it :) Can't wait to hear it more often.
haha nah i dont like people I know on twitter haha
It sure is!! Straight on point. ": The Spurs ball movement is pristine"
Church and teaching sunday school.
Back at Berry Park tonight. DJing from 10-4. No Cover. North 14th and Berry street.
must have been a glitch in my iphone app for Goodreads - found it and rated it (5 stars of course!)
Ok off to charge my phone before thinks I was fibbing lol
Awesome! Another runner! Keep training! Full or half?
[Phil2:13] It is FatherGod who works in us to will/do HIS good pleasure + [Phil1:6]HE will continue HIS work until LordChrist returns for us
OK Cafe makes a great classic grilled cheese sandwich! The rooftop lounge at Melia has a grilled cheese sandwich w/ a twist!
No matter what I say im not over you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATH WELL IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY IN THE UK EVEN THOUGH I LIVE IN THE US ILL STILL WISH U A HAPPY B-DAY tomorrow!
Interesting conversation about U.S. & #Israeli relations with during lunch. Off to the Phillies at Nats game. 3rd game of the week!
oh wow that was the first one? AWESOME glad I didn't miss it :D
Yes serious opps coming up this fall... can we reschedule a time to talk? Thanks!!
My opinions of models have changed so much. What makes You beautiful is inside and out not what materialistic objects can do to you
Dont Even Trip Is Ugly As Fuck
I didn't go to my friends house today #BecauseItsFriday but Austin didn't even do an austream :/ I don't think he ever will now
Always humbled by my family, I swear I have no chance to become as awesome as my grandpa...
on another point. You wanna argue with ? Your gonna end up fighting with all of us too, as in his fans.
hahah heck no!!
And 5) It makes you yearn for the days of the WanStash. I never thought I'd think, "Man I wish Dave Wannstedt was still head coach."
So excited about 11/11/11! #cantwait to get home and test out !
"everyone wants to see their name in lights, but I want mine on a cupcake"
OMG She is so cute. Congrats, Daddy! Just H'in K's like it's no big deal.
will never notice me :( </3
Back to my happy self ^-^ though I never really stop smiling :))
First mention of second homes. Still listening for discussion of rental housing.
Cryballz for tonights episode. Loved it!
Seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
how high is always a classic
So let's pretend you made it to the big leagues… what would your walk-up song be, and why?
Hey #UPEIAN105 Tomorrow is a little (ok, totally) disjointed finishing 1 unit and start another. Mintz on food, research methods, and ethics
Happy 93rd birthday to Nelson Mandela
If we reject our emotions we go to sleep and exist instead in the shadow of our own un-lived life.
I love making kids all mad on call of duty lolololol I hate to be a troll but its just funny how mad they get over a game :P
just got back from tulsa drillers game..great game..homer won the game 2 out 1 on base bottom of the 9th
Keep on knockin but u can't come in...
You remember that time we could just stare at each other for hours without getting bored? Oh you don't Well, I remember our whole thing. </3
hey sent you a message on your myspace page.
My bathroom looks like a beauty salon threw up
I just wanted everyone to leave it the fuck alone. Couldn't even do that.
Pedro's Tacos in San Clemente, still the best.
Happy New Years! :) My new year resolution: To find the one.
true I hope will forgive me!
Rita Ora's single sounds really good on radio. I doubt she'll be a huge success, but her contributions to top-40 music are welcome.
I need to stop saying cunt and cocksucker so much.
hey! too soon. thanks for the condolences anyway...
TIRED & HUNGRY ... Still have a million and one things left to do ..
No problem,it was real busy today. I loved that movie btw :)
loved your set tonight!!! Love that you guys are local. Good times! :)
Those people aren't staying up all night. They just think it's cool to say so. They're what you'd call "morons." <U+263A>
Is this Twitter?
I'm bouta buy a car off my mechanic I think. Lemme know when you go slab searching doe. I needa look too
~Lydia Maria Child, The American Frugal Housewife, 1829Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length .
Call me maybe.
Twitter is a good place - you can find a lot of guys here, like us. Come to visit us at ww.joborworker.com! we just started!
Focus on creators for managing e recs in small or big staffed institution
You are fast!
Sauternes is fantastic but really????? Your favorite Bordeaux??? Wow that is so revealing about this critic's mindset!
Yeah Giants!!
so awesome!!!!
your welcome :)
Beings homeschooled was without a doubt one of the best decisions I've made in my life. I can honestly say i'm genuinely happy now.
MissD...it's not so clear when your helmeted head is stuck up your....oh, never mind!
so proud to be named as a source 4 & Hickman Interiors in both GORGEOUS editorials in the Winter 2012 issue of
Just saved four kittens lives today!
Have you ever been charged a #fitting #fee for #glasses? I was charged $80 to pick out a pair of
More basketball to watch. Last week of school. S/o to all my seniors, live it up! Enjoy your Sunday.
We're hheerrreee! ": & I are on our way to ! #roadtrip"
Ah I'm so tired-.-
Your mom. Is in my pants.
I just bought tweetbot & I'm loving it!!!
But that workout tho? Wow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> sweating bullets!
No photo? It didn't happen :)) LOL!! RT : I just touched one of Anais Nin's diaries!
RT : Phone on 5% Well damn.. Charge that shit up.
our pleasure!
I se dat ur on I want to ask if u can giv me advice on 6th grade MD cuz im kinda chubby so I worry and I still need advice
I'm a big fan of the #SKC fan holiday video. The players visiting the characters, not real life after all, to collect season ticket money.
I'd rather have bad grammer then go to hell, bye loser.
Emotions lead to unthoughtful action..
bummed I missed it. Winston has been talking about this one for a while. Had another event to attend.
well, we love that you listen and laugh along with us! Thank you for your kind words
Facebook seems to be down 'for required maintenance'. On a Sunday?
I've been squeezing my butt with all day at
Packing!!! ... in a New York state of mind!
tired, but still working. oh leh do it.
It's been done before in one year. So why not next year? Don't matter how crappy they were this year. Next year!
bahaha, I find it hard to believe that theres actually people who get in the shower first & THEN turn on the water.
Thank you very much!!
is advertising on Who says doesn't pay attention to the direct sheets?
Hello, Carbon
so was good mo'fcka
How you gonna make that call.
aw, your really in love with how sweet :') x
Check out for news updates!
I am doing fine thanks for asking:)!!
i've performed sull'aria a few times! i <3 it. i was susanna/bartoli -- very fun to sing/act out.
I just changed my Twitter account name to KingtonCommRE to reflect the fact that I will be tweeting as Kington Commercial. Same focus.
Think milk is bad ? Well, never, ever watch something gut bustingly funny while eating hot & sour soup #It'sNotJustTheTofu
if Jason tweets me i'm gonna poop in my shoes.
Stubborn fat can be eliminated with the latest liposuction procedures using lasers.BodySculpting is virtually painless with minimal surgery.
Open your eyes bro, I like you.
20 days to the orange and white game!
i kno i can
Beyond ready for this weekend.. Prayin mother nature will be kind to every soul in fredonia so we can have a good #fredfest2012 <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
What with my trip to Montreal & coming home to snow, I've been unable to get out to my gym--until today. Can't wait to sweat.
It's such a big part of Hannah's life. I'm glad it comes through.
The channel keeps switching between couples therapy and tough love all by itslef lol
hello darling
Yeah, this one's over. You think 7? I'll go Rangers in 6.
Wouldn't it be cool to be as smooth as ?
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture. Allen Ginsberg
okay i would really like that alex lol
RT : Thanks, Clarence! 1 Detroit youth will be headed to UofM...
lol if its open..yea
Playing a little words with friends with my wonderful Hit me up if you want to play. Im Runningman
I got you !!! RT : I never swerved ona Asian before
That is soo cute ^_^ I love Grandpa<3
Hey how many followers does if say I have?
an now got started
Memories that tie my nasal hairs into intricate knots.
People status on fb be the most like oh wow is all I can say to them
Congrats JC! MT GMR's will be presenting to ’s MBA program this morning on soccer and global
Don't tell me Pats are signing Mike Wallace, anything but that..
Obviously then, you have no life.
Two L.A. subways were approved today. TWO. Now we just need that #405line for Valley to the Westside. Subway to the Sky.
Basketball isn't as popular in Canada as it is in the US. Hockey is by far the most popular sport in Canada. Steve Nash
Oh my God, Houston, you look so good. Have you lost weight? First stop in Texas: whataburger. Fuck in-n-out vale verga
Proud and excited to be the new president of the #Newmarket - #Aurora Federal #Liberal Ass'n
“: Did the Lakers just trade Fisher? Wtf?” yes they did. PISSED!!!!!!!
I ended up having to stay on playersonly because of being in NY. Couldn't test any others.
Thanks for the RT, Jocelyn! Love the HDC connection.
a high ponytail is very chi! My hair may go up this afternoon after my 3 mile run.
Et voila ... Three weeks until we push off for Poland. This has been a long wait, tickets booked in January.
Check out our summer schedule at www.theblackberries.com
Bahaha! I have been born into the twitter world. Austin,TX we love you and all your love for our Tacos (and Mexican food). Feeling the LOVE!
Slowly bringing my Twitter account back to life. What better way to start than adding friends.
Random Fact: The only guy without a beard in ZZTOP surname (last name) is Beard.
you rule
what's going on homie?
I wish I could see the look on your face when you read my text messages.
I'm starting to get very sad mister! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
We are slotted for an #indyzoob announcement today at high NOON!!!
u must do that 2 cuz u know alot about it,u nasty!
Until I get 100 I am not gonna shut up about TELL PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ME DAMN IT
RT : Roc Nation can't manage a bake sale.
: def get wit it
Did you hear about the cannibal spider that ate his uncle's wife? He was an aunteater.
in a get off my cloud - elevator door closing kind of way?
just checked, we're still working on it. We'll let you know!
we r pitching in 5$ lol
Thanks! Perhaps for sharing these resources with me I should take you out to lunch - plus we both know it's long overdue.
R&H Mercedes Benz of Baltimore is starting our complete renovation. The new rehab will be a complete German Auto haus renovation.
let's see, lady gaga doesnt know you, doesnt care for you and yet you defend her?
Successful weekend!
#nescagvball Tufts we love ya! Best from California!!
not if you have to spend some now for some promised savings that'll come later (aka buy x from me and save y$ in z years)
SESQUICENTENNIAL refers to a period of 150 years. 2011 is the sesquicentennial of the beginning of the American Civil War.
Hi, Can You Please Give A Shout Out To Catherine Gonzalez, and could you please follow me? :D :D
If I had to describe myself in terms of characters, it would be 1 part George Costanza, 3 parts John Candy in Planes/Trains/Automobiles.
just help me get my name out there and I'll get you the tickets
Very cool! RT LLC grad students' and my podcasts mentioned today in 's "You Don't Say" blog! bsun.md/mOGe5G
Oh my god they found a new JFK assassination tape.
Who knew that by changing the variable from "add" to "edit" that the DRS Group change would work.
Hey #dynamo suck on my balls!
.... Health code violation FYI
When i swallow it feels like i'm swallowing down legos ow sore throat ow.
Sheep? Methinks thou art projecting.
I Love Encinitas!
M sleep after the longest day of travel ever!
How do you like it so far? It's been on my TBR for forever!
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
David, are you also in the training? I'm totally impressed! excuse me 3 115 39401!
probably tower to see if cleary wants to start filmin n shizz :p
Traci. Pop by Safari Cup coffee-enjoy a fresh brew of our African Arabica coffee roasted here onsite on us
fun! Can't wait to hear your review.
I just don't understand the technology, I guess. What on earth could there be that needs processing that an amp can't?
One More Thing: Torres tweets break Twitter records - TechRadar UK
"as a human there's like 140 ppl you care about" - funny also 140 character limit on Twitter #dcswa prof dev day
yes very ! his name is ricky.
you fuck, you made fun of us for having twitter. you fuck you.
40 away from my next hundred. RT? (shoutouts will be returned)
My law-school buddy who went to Michigan undergrad said the only reason he ever stopped in OH was to take a dump.
"who?"...*names a person you dont know*..."let me facebook that hoe" LOL
DM us the card number, we can check for you.
please let us know that you guys are ok. I heard about the building collapse.
TRAFFIC: Sherman Avenue between Lakeview Ave & Tennyson Lane is temporarily closed. MG&E is rehanging power wires.
On the real, I just felt a huge Déjà vu moment. I think we've spoken about this before.
I feel really anti social this morning. I think my coworkers think I'm a serial killer.
to make Watson female is not cool. it feels like they hope they can maybe have a sort of romance between her && Sherlock.
I could really go for some chicken express sweet tea, BBQ, and a big dill pickle.
Haven't they already hit twice? Blown lead against the Yankees, swept by Baltimore.
Laura, thanks for the interest in our Solar initiatives! Someone will contact you soon.
is that you in the video?
3 assists and no turnovers for #Nuggets Ty Lawson in the 1st half.
Who is in downtown Chicago right now?
I'm 2700 :+D RT : RT : I'm only 9 followers from 2700. Can u help a girl out and rt this? Thanks :)
I'm with you, makes me sick too
Saw your article in the recent vouge. Congrats. big fan. thank you girls for the inspiration
maybe I should jump on a place to #Nashville its 34 in Seattle.
birthday dinner in Newport. Great times!
Joined Instagram earlier. Will be following some of you assholes shortly.
Yaya! is in Toronto!!! Hopefully I'll get to see her! :D
Always love when flight are delayed longer than the duration of the actual flight.
3 Pieces His & Hers, 925 Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated & Titanium Matching Engagement Wedding Bridal Ring Set. AVAILABLE SIZES men ’s 7,
HOLY CRAP are facebook ads obnoxious. I can't even handle looking at timelines today.
made a late breakfast... headache.. going back to sleep for a bit.. then pool w/ my lil man :)
Would love to meet in person next week. I'll be at the Sperry Van Ness Booth # C162F! Stop by.
I just did....thanx
Sessions is a sucha beast
Just ordered more ! A white-tank top Kaoir shirt && South Beach Barbie Nail Polish ! , you're my rolemodel :-)
Kentucky Fans follow and show him some love! Spread the word
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
If a user doesn't exist...how can they follow you? What kind of games are you playing Twitter?
#Bills get the shutout! Nice... 23-0
Doing business w/o advertising islike winking at a girl inthe dark. U know what u r doing, but nobody else does. ~Steuart Henderson Britt
“: ISO educator in DC area with experience in informal and background in biology, preferably genetics/genomics. Know anybody?”
We got rid of cable today. Huray for more classical and reading nights in my future.
can you take a break from your cheese and toast to tell me of you guys will be doing warped signings?
The best revenge!
: Haha just a #yolo weekend!;p
Can't wait 2 see 1 of my fav new artists live tonight Do yourself a favor & come down or at least check him out!
I do use Degree. RT : Are you Bear Grylls? RT : I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
Super Welterweight RT : Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision to win WBA junior middleweight title...
We are teaming up with Brilliant Beginnings Childcare for a holiday shopping fundraiser extravaganza benefitting their facility on 11/30.
Whenever I take long naps lord knows when I will ever go to sleep for the night geez!
Qualls better save this fucking game! Give lee the win already!
Giving students the power and then watching them strive for excellence is an incredible teaching experience. -Catherine Doanne
word! Thanks for the support!
do you have Xbox live? (;
I get so excited when I meet people who are from Kentucky. I just have this theory that they must know Josh then.
[sadface] Transcript in a few days, though. RT : Having problems connecting to the chat today, alas.
I am very good at procrastination. Sent from my bed where I'm avoiding packing and watching Glee via Hulu on my iPhone.
gurl you need to tell us if you're really gonna be on X Factor. I don't trust E news tbh!
Just the tweet I wanted to see! Thanks for all that you do and you guys have fun on the slopes!!! *Hi Lizzie*
well whose fault is that, cuz it sure aint mine...
That's definitely the best way to start a day. I went all pumpkin spice latte crazy today.
In these past few days.. I've dug myself into a deeper hole...
lol. I got u man
Watching unsung !
: TONIGHT #CAMPAIGN BITCHES WILL BE OPENING UP FA AT #OBSESSIONS! SO MAKE SURE YALL CUM THRU N TURN UP WIT US!
Day 1 of vacation....nearly 3 hours at the dentist. Day 2....well it can only get better from here.
Here at #LSCon, checking out the Expo. Up next: Compressing Audio & Video
fine I'll tell my mom to leave me the card
staging a children's theatre show in the a.m. then making the jazz at Andy's with CGQ at 5pm.
I Don't Wanna Work..I Just Wanna Bang on the Drums All Day!!
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
I think she is lying, but how much is fact or fiction in"real life" politics?Would hate 2 see this played out in real life,whew!
Man if i was out of town right now i'd be goin downstairs to get my free fresh continental breakfast
is praticing spanish via messenger while at work!!!
we're back now!!
that's muh girl!
Hi, It's been a while. Our power was out for a few days, too...and played Bananagrams by candlelight last night!
Craving Jamba Juice...what about you?
RT : Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports gay marriage, first president to take that position.
Double X Science: DXS Op-Ed: How birth control can save the world
Listened to Will Smith this morning and now I can't stop singing Gettin' Jiggy Wit It. Man, I miss the 90s.
Crossfit is apparently a code word for sexy guys with nice bodies and tat's. Where do i sign up? Had a great weekend
#BelieveTour next week. WHAT. ?!
I would have been so angry haha. My boyfriend got pulled over for "losing his registration sticker" It was still there!
Whew. The holidays have taken over. Simply want to wish all our twitter friends a very happy 'whatever you celebrate.' Peace.
my bad, but when you have to go to LAX for a redetermination, who wants to take the freeway.
A great afternoon meeting the cast for a film, we are shooting with Broken Scar Productions. First read through sounded great!
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it. ~ Bill Watterson
LP '93 was in Atlanta. Rage, Tool and others I don't remember. And the biggest, muddy pit I've ever been in or seen. Good times.
rumors that more changes are coming after next year. Should Nike address it? Jersey could be out of style quick
stop with the term job creators. any spent money has potential to create jobs. my car was towed. you're welcome, city of chicago employees.
Not what I was expecting. =/ *hugs* Are you sure there's not a 3rd option you haven't realized?
Oh.cute.
doing a great job bro
Excited for #tedxabq tomorrow!! Less than 12 hours till the event!
Gotta be something, right? This also screws our trading Sessions for something...
Just Dropped a Brand New Bottle Of Coconut Ciroc In The Street And Broke It!, But i Managed To Hold On To The 1.49 Pineapple Juice...
“ I love my friend i can tell her anything”} and vice versa love!
I am the liquor tonight, that I confiscate
In the mood for a special sweet treat? Try a delicious cinnamon cluster or sweet and hearty oatmeal.
Hey who's idea was it to get a 6 am flight after getting back to the room at 2 am??
Hey Bartenders, are you interested in being featured on Thirsty Thursday? Shoot me an email.
some of you niggaz just SIMPLE as hell...lol
Met with an antiques appraiser. A wonderful resource for my clients and anyone who cares about their collections.
never had one.. Enjoy one for me!
What is the site for the food truck article.
Jackie Gillan Pres, Advocates for #Highway & #Auto Safety will be speaking this year about #safety on #roads, a #major hot-button #issue!
You know, Willie Wonka said it best: we are the makers of dreams, the dreamers of dreams
apart from that, how are you doing?
u comen this rob ?
THANK YOU!!! www.donnalynne.com
Thanks so much for the PBL RT!
Lovin #MISTLETOE ! Playing constantly in my brain ~ catch myself singing it all the time! Def a new Holiday Music Tradition <3
Could I get my hands on some samples?
#Dylan, Tell Mr. Graham to go to NACA. My friend had same prob, unending trial mods. At Naca BA modified loan and took interest to 2%.
Big disappointment. Here we come Southdale.
72 degrees makes for an amazing Friday night late March in Minneapolis!
I would love to, I have so many things to talk about. Thanks for reaching out.
I'm so excited to see #ThePlayboyClub!
Good to hear you found some decent food.
So glad to hear it! RT : Great dinner last night. Excellent food/service, friendly staff and cool dining areas...
check you messages on here.
I might...though I like the real thing more!!
haha im giddy like a school girl.
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot for new section of Vibrant magazine called Vibrant Kids! Coming in next month's issue!
Fuck the police!
Unfollow me. Bc I'm sick of the fakers, quit smiling when we talk. Success will be my best revenge.
shouldn't you be concentrating on driving and not tweeting?
YEAH! ROCKS!! There's some people I'd LOVE to work with someday!!! \m/
Miley Cyrus is back on twitter ! Cambio said this !
The past is prophetic in that it asserts loudly that wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
just dying from school, haha!
hey guys good morning to all hope you have a good day, today takes a trip to the beach
Thank you to Phil and Kobe for the championships AND being class acts from beginning to end! You will always be the best!
I MISS YOU. i'm sure school's mega busy but holy shiiiii we need to see each other:)
we gunna miss you too ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
wow, it's been so long since I've put words on paper. I can see a significant fall back in quality. Oh well.
A3: #Chicago has such a fantastic community vibe compared to other major metropolitan areas. We foster that well here.
finally off work.. who got the drinks??
Booyah from Milwaukee Brewing and Qu Rosa from O'so Brewing just hit the draft line's for $1 off all night!
Hunter makes that catch, yet he missed the routine pop fly...
Driving my Jeep into giant mud puddles never gets old.
Jay-Ism # 3 - "How you perceive yourself has little importance if it is not congruent with how Others perceive you."
Thanks for liking my page Ixchel and Celena! :-)
hell yea I be be bumpin lol : )
I was just saying the same thing to a friend. Maybe Chicago, though.
then he said 'welp girls all of you guys are destine for plastic surgery'
LMBO!!! Wonka...you should of seen what I wrote earlier.
Yea David's win is super sweet! now they get free advertising for one month in Vegas!
Out of the 3 players at the #MLSCombine who have scored 2 goals each, who did more off the ball to really deserve the goals?
They have NO IDEA what the hell they're doing. Which u could have told them in the first 10-15 min (which I did), but... (#clear)
yeah I've had a bb through my bay window and a rock that busted the upstairs window.
Distributors: just so you know, the price is going up.
Fascinating and terrible are good criteria for many things. Hope you like it.
RT: #WeWereCoolUntil i found out that you don't like pokemon.
There is a ridiculous dance party going on in the pearl right now... Celebrate!
:o aw u going to bed?
Buffalo wings - Check, pigs-in-a-blanket - Check, chips and dip - Check, Beer - Check. Looks like I'm ready for the game.
Shut the fuck up laker crowd!
enjoyed you too! “: Yes!!!! I really enjoyed talking via Skype with you all... I had a blast last night”
You don't think students start at wikipedia? #sschat I agree, it is a great springboard to discuss on evaluation of sources
I can't wait to slurp up my martinis w/a straw at Crisp tomorrow w/, ,
Jammin' out to Kid Rock Grit Sandwiches in the car with my sis
needs to follow back ^-^
Thanks...it is a great place...made the writing easy. :-)
That nigga boosie went free today
“: Only 2% of Earth's population are natural redheads.”
Saints slicing up this Niners D!
religious to my man
Need to go herd the unruly volumes of Philosophical Transactions (Royal Society) into a nice upgraded SIRIS record.
This game is kinda boring.
Hometown refs trying to help Brady and the hapless Pats out. What a terrible pass interference call.
-OFFLINE_ Happy Valentine's Day! & Remember Justin Bieber Fan Video Canceled! Sorry
Everyone #StopHatingSelena! Just
I don't think it's my body that's the problem. My legs are only slightly dissimilar to model legs. I think models look dumb in these pants
Just the tip of the iceberg for OSU scandals I bet. The funny thing is is that OSU diehards are too blind to admit it.
hahaha and it was your dad!
yah they need to do that cuss i know that some Canadian ICONiacz arent gonna go to the US for them
Q10: Best way to relax after a long day of sightseeing?
says we can de-stigmatize & humanize #homeless by telling stories, committing to a cause
Catch latest film The Lawyer, The Thug, & The Princess Feb 20th & Feb 23rd at the Pan African Film Fest www.paff.org Xo! ;)
WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
no I've learned my lesson. I have friends scavenging their neighborhoods and looking through other sites.
what's up with MSU?
Comfort Inn Totten
Back on track today! finishing up the rest of the guitars, then its just vocals!!
When Tom from gets in tweet mode my phone explodes for a good 30 minutes at least daily!
nothin listening to pandora and u
These refs blow call it both ways
Is it possible to use #Spotify without linking it to your #Facebook? I don't want what I'm listening to showing up on newsfeed
Its almost the end of the work week.
In a manner of minutes the entire internet exploded as came back officially! Welcome back Earl Sweatshirt 2012's music has begun
Haters hate because they hate seeing you do better.
It's a bust: RT : WOW... New NAM Model gives NO SNOW TO DC Sunday, joining the EURO MODEL
hard to be mad when you get paid a LOT more to do a LOT less. I havent seen someone die in 6 months. Woooooot!
So Romney gives Homo the boot.. Good. It just feels....like the first authentic thing he's ever done. But his wife's hair is gonna suffer.
you just blew my mind. I'm probably going to call you up and ask you about that, too.
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ;) x
Having grown up in Nebraska and been through *many* , I can't imagine NOT having them. I'm ultra paranoid.
that's sweet! Thank you!
Thank you very much!
#confession I've only been n love once but I loved alot!
thank you big hug n kisses back at you :)
Girl in lime green tube top - twirling your umbrella on the corner is not helping your case. Sincerely, Me.
lol i think the same thing
Lots of people heading to the Rose City Bug-in today. Are you going?
Angry Birds is making me an angry bird!
win :) KG KG KG KG
well your link appears to be daed i guess, but im watching forgg
ooh.. Wendy's has baked sweet potatoes now.. this could be dangerous.
we have 122 likes on facebook. wowzaaa :') keep it going!
I really want the ups minus all the downs....I'm just selfish like that.
Spring cleaning on your mind? A freshly #painted #garage with new #shelves is the way to go! You need it we do it!
25 years ago today, Juan Nieves threw the only no-hitter in Brewers franchise history. Ah, those '87 Brewers...
We're planning a wedding! Ha! Did you get a hold of ? She's in charge of event planning.
Hello #21stME chatters! Excited to talk to all of you shortly.
now THAT's an object!
good to meet you as well; definitely keep in touch!
admit its an acquired taste...I hated raising Arizona first time I saw it but like it now
You go girl!
INTERNING with Carrie Cavalier (Photography) today! That how I got my FREE headshots! Friend her on facebook and see about doing the same!
okay, no I got out earlier and its cool if you can't, I just really want to see you.
I seriously know people who are probably surprised it isn't...
Lazy Sunday
Everybody get out there and vote in all of the upcoming elections !!
Ethier you can make the play...or you can't.
I agree much!!!
LETS DO IT HAHAHAHAHA
I wish would follow me...<3
happy birthday
“Love me, hate me, leave me or take me; I promise I won't have any fucks to give any which way."
Love God's Word this morning ~ so fresh, powerful! Thought ~ If I'm gonna crave something 2day; let it be His sweet presence!
"Your culture is your brand." - TONY HSIEH, CEO, ZAPPOS.COM
Who's ready for some #newmusic !!?? #imback :)
Timbers suck,..... and people are surprised by this????
Cushing Academy did not eliminate all books. Kept all fiction, art books and donated nonfiction. This not reported in the media
Wow..I haven't watched since 2005..hahahahaha...thanks !!!
dont read them :) lol but im donnee .. for now.
Only the third day of 2011 and we're getting ready to launch our 2nd website ALREADY!
Tonight all roads lead to Capri's Lounge 4 the Grown & Sexy Affair.... Presented By: FLAT-HATent
yeah yeah hoe
Am I trifeling for after introducing this boy to the world, breakin up..and then returning to my lover- future hubby of 2 1/2 years?
Waiting for the bus downtown and it is so sketchy. It's like a lame version of Chicago and New York.
#DU_Hockey has two OT wins in a row. Two more wins for WHCA trophy. NCAA tournament coming up. They have a sweet sixteen for hockey, too.
I really am trying to keep my love going for you guys, but I'm now on hr 3 of trying to get my reissued eCredit applied to a ticket.
Heading to the Joe Torre Safe at Home Foundation Gala.
Awake due to dream being mental.
It worked! (Don't tweet this, though. Go back, go back!)
so many ways to spend money right now.
releasing via their public website is not a leak. a leak would be secretly releasing to a single source other than O'Mara.
she changed her name again lol
Something to do when I get home: look at which CC licenses our IR depositors are choosing, guide them to CC-BY as full
Excited to attend my first #slasummit next week as Chair-Elect for Gov Info Division...now let's hope it doesn't snow!
James Micheal-Johnson can play day one. Kid will be great special teamer and solid inside backer immediately. Love these day three picks.
lmao girl that was Me yesterday before I knew I was going!
you'll be checking daily...we'll be #twinning soon lol
Ok it's fine. I get it.
Tutu still not at home. I pray that she not dead.
"I love thee to the depth and breath and heights my soul can reach"
You got me up just to open the front door?
And when you're lonely, I'll be lonely too.
Supposed to be studying, but on twitter.
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette.
Kid Ink
Who has been more accomplished in Office?
I enjoyed your pitch last night, we will need your help soon.
She's a fuckin star, yall don't get it do ya? Type of body everybody acting like they knew her
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.
for heaven sake,u know best who practises double standard!
later today I might freebase some pancetta
they still tour. I saw on Ticketmaster a few weeks back they were performing "my own prison" in a shitty Manhattan bar
That last RT was perfect lol
I absolutely LOVE when people tell me I'm tan!! Darling, you ain't seen nothing yet #summer2012 #bronzebetch :)
Dear , this is an invitation to join me for lunch AT chipotle tomorrow so we can discuss your behavior and appropriate discipline.
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker" thought sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Thanks for the FF, Henry! :)
smh im mad,at,u
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere.
Had an AMAZING weekend participating in #ideajam with gang! Thanks to 4 a fantastic experience!
I love #GiordanosPizza because of the delicious crust! cc:
Watching "Miracle Run" LOVE this movie.
Fireworks @ Fort is walking distance from Comfort Inn. Hot breakfast, pool, 32" flat screen TV, pillow top beds. www.vancouverwahotel.com
The first time I heard PJ, I thought it was The Cult.
If this is a short term wish, you can borrow mine. Though single speed (choice of fixed gear or not). Only a little dangerous
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORKS LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHLMED
u got a fan and a follower here!
We had a blast. I did new songs and my label mates blew it out of the water. We had a happy crowd.
It's a game. I got 66 (with 240 APM)...
Movie Review: Battleship's Got Game on the Big Screen Review in a Hurry: With a roster of hotties—Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård,
Can't find a apt:(
and well, someone is having their first time tonight. :D I'm do bad...
i love your single 11:11 it is just so amazing i can't stop listening to it! i love you :) i wish you would answer back
Lazy lobster cobbler.
you should call it La Pasta e Formaggio
What do the jobs numbers mean to recall campaign? Not much, says UW-Mil political scientist Thomas Holbrook. Says, not many minds changing.
I don't watch a lot of European soccer so I wouldn't know. Good thoughts though.
We just need summer......
Were the girls from Leroy NY with Tourettes ever Tested for Lymes Disease? There is an epidemic and its been found to be affiliated
been a while since i said so, but if you need some wood stripping services, Timby's is the place. www.dipstrip.com
Medical correspondent Fergus Walsh hears why Debbie Lewis chose implants
I be there at 7 I have a game at 8
Woman run this world
Just finished the final level of Space. Now what?
i just watched a video on how olive oil is bottled...it was a HEADLINE on the fresno abc station's site. HEADLINE.
We are SO excited! Xoxo
No, no, no! Completely fine just hilarious!
fantasy (?) is an online tool that would keyword/phrase search and auto-assign tags to responses as first pass
Being stuck in the past is like walking forward with your back facing the front. You’ll always miss out on what’s in front of you.
"Through conversations you build relationships. #socialmedia is a tool to for this"
Frank Vogel takin the Pacers from an under 500. 8 seed last year to 20+ games over 500. And 5th best record more impressive
So app. i seem like a person who would listen to classical music...am i really that nerdy seeming?
Even though I watched it live last night, I still got goosebumps listening to Uecker. Thanks for passing it along.
I have a headache.
We will have to make this. We really miss Asian food w/ pnut, sesame, soy allergies. And little 1 loves asparagus! Thanks!
Sure, all residents are always welcome. One City.
You should definitely go see The Lion King 3D. Mufasa is 100 times more boss in 3D.
Waiting for & to walk out with their hoods & diplomas :)
well thank ya:)
But surely it would cost less than $50k right?
Happy 70th birthday to Swedish musicologist Krister Malm, you know how to throw a party! Thank you.
Great ride..thanx for such a BIG tip..sry for credit card machine!
caramelized mushrooms would sing! Veg. Burger paired w/ a slightly sweet yet earthen/smoked black lager, aka ShwartzBier.
me too
You hit on anything that moves. Real keeper.
So many gaps in the Nuyorican story!Nothing on 'bodegueros' the first urban mercados1940s onwards @ Centro archives. But Not giving up.
That is really pretty! What kind of dancing do you do? :)
Thanks! Hope you like it so far. RT I cannot wait to see what the has in store for us!
I know im late,ass hell but better late then .ever sista vegas here we cum lol!
A big congrats to on her TV debut. You were wonderful! I'm so proud!
Wow...my hair is super short now and I love it
Hey! You're truly fucking legit, you don't beat around the bush, you tell it straight, oh and I fucking love you <3 kisses
We've got a problem!
Splitting headache omg
I cant think of anything clever to say... this is a
what is Hut doing these days?
watched Arkansas play 5-6 times. Watched the Senior Bowl practices on TV, but have yet to see the game. Have it on DVR.
Hehe night boo! Have a nice day at school tomorrow <3
CGT Grad Students! Any CGT Grad can attend Grad Senate on Dec. 5 (have class & cannot make it) Anyone help? FREE pizza @ the meeting!
Rich, Rob, Leslie et al... thanks so much. Have a terrific weekend guys :)
Plaque or food particles on the teeth are the primary sources of bad breath, which is also known as "halitosis'.
#liespeopletell Racism is gone.
Heading to Tokyo & Seoul, tomorrow. Any recommendations on must dos from the Twitter-verse? Looking at u for ideas
Did I mention YARN BOMBING yet? Our own Sue Browne is gettin it goin outside the RAA on ArtWalk wkend. Have yarn and know how to use it?
Lazy lazy lazy.
yea i know so happy still BFF
That nyquil really knocked me out and made it super hard for me to wake up this morning! I hope i get better soon..
pulling up next to you on the road was the highlight of my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> you sista!
writing a new song today...my pen is itch'n to do wrk...#go'nin
im kinda scared of the boys :(
Zacatecas on Central
We don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time.
Analyzing Modern Family in class. My major is better than yours.
definitely!! I will come up and get you one of these days and we'll hang out...promise!
My pleasure :)
Alright, so I am going to drive up on Friday the 19th and we can see the show on Saturday!! For real this time, haha!
Fantastic panel this morning on race & justice. My tweets from at
Sorry for our Website problems down all day yesterday and will probably be down this morning- trying to resolve it quickly
Killing is my business, ladies..... and business is GOOD!
jordan fell asleep (:
Documenting 4pm Member Play That Just Started: Broncos UNDER 47 (3/5 Sources Match)
I KNEW there were Tiger fans in Oregon!
Yikes! RT: : Eek McDonalds!? I'd hit it camapign? Research before u go live w/ an ad campaign-know ur hip limits!
Many, many congratulations, Chuck!
ah no worries, I definitely forgot how early coffee zone closed anyway & by that time it was too late haha
I already have that one, I like it too. Thanks though :)
Happy New Year!
thanks for the RT. Have a fabulous weekend! ^ag
But anyway I think you're bionic and I don't think you're beautiful, I think you're beyond it
good point...u guys headed to game?
We couldn't wait, popped one of the 2009 Cabernets just received this week. Absolutely outstanding
use olive oil.
Yes absolutely!
Thank you for such a great, interactive class this semester, Robert! Keep doing what you're doing, and let's keep in touch. :)
follow me! lol just to bother
:) btw sorry I didn't text you back, as usual my phone died and when I turned it on I had like 18 texts haha
One mast weekend of freedom. :(
Great! We look forward to seeing you there :)
Bill Hall is still around? RT Bill Hall home run
i am SURE it will be back for 13. hopeful that since it's entirely owned by NBC, it'll get 1.5 more seasons for syndication.
there are #5millionbeliebers and we RULE!
JVD and The Backporch Smokers now performing live at Church...ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT
#ThankYouFather because you are the author of my life! I am all yours, now and
you're on the list
better make it two.
amanda epiclloyd follow me like 10min. Ago
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on #Yelp!
I love that!
If you cannot attend the #ESD #Engineering & #Tech #Job Fair,today, email me your resume at so we can chat.
Happy Wednesday everyone! Half way through the week! Have the best lunch of your week and come enjoy
Trance around the world with Above & Beyond.
Thanks for the mention!
today has been such a blah day i need another job!
Watchin #Juice in #hd, its like the first time again
I hope you are being nice to your new executive !
With just one look you stole my heart
this corbin, co own here..she said she hit tweet limit !! soo i got u 3 ryt? she said :)
NON è L'INFERNO
going to Vegas!!!
trying to figure out twitter...
so... my sister didn't bring me sonic.
only if we win Bedlam. Otherwise
#np - picture perfect
yes that's me
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows
Is this fight EVER going to happen?
Glad you were able to make it, Mike!! Hope to catch up to you soon!!
Candied Bacon: Like Dog Treats For Humans!
Pho for dinner...so damn good now time for #jerseyshore :)
Werewolf or vampire or ghost?
Nxt year for 4/20 my blunts gone be bigger longer n stronger who wit me
Sox getting crushed
#jonnytee "Friday Night" Video Shoot @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. is about to BLOW-DA-FUCK-UP!!
In a horrible mood! It's probably because I'm going to one of the famous Playboy lingerie parties tonight ;)
then you have a twin.., like identical!
Five star chick, bout that five star life.
It's a problem when someone parks in FRONT of the exit gate.
sorry for the delayed reply, was busy thinking of answers...#perfect #50/50
hi lacey! How long have you been working w trinity?
thank *you*! #Sobipro is a great component and we're building a directory around it right now. You do a wonderful job!
hahahahah the real compliment would be being called "Senator Amidala" cause like seriously? That shits legit
show me pict
I want one but I don't think my mom will buy 1
Hittin' the road to Vegas with Hess and Marten. The trio's back togetha... Aw yeah.
Following You Love Please Follow Me Back
If your booty is hanging out your shorts or dress at bible study
serious? WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!!
I have an Asian buddy who has a few tarantulas. That's not an ideal combination; Koreans and spiders.
no kidding. Listening to "experts" talked me outta vcu cause caa was suppose to be down.
The Recital T-Shirt due date has been extended to FRIDAY 5/4! Show your K Studio spirit in a recital tee! Turn in orders to the front desk!
Im hongry... yea wit an O
« When your phone is about to die, and you know you wont bea near your charger for a while.»
Love evolution, love my major, love rice!!!! Science life.
Omg damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
like me.
I miss my baby
Great move. Give up our best prospect, for this? We could have kept Montero, or traded him for an established pitcher
You're making up words again, huh, "mom?" HA! =D
good to see you man. Let me know whats going on in the city!!!
Heck yes! Seriously you better bring your A-Game because I'm tired of losing and I would hate to have to find a new Eukre partner!
This girl is talking to me like I care.. Lol too nice
I'm not good at letting go of things. </3
loved his day of family skiing at Squaw Valley - back again tomorrow!
check these guys out...they're so hot right now
we gotta learn to stop being reactionary & by same standards avoid those that steer us that way.
#resume #tips Where is the best place to put your Education? Near the top if you are a recent grad. On bottom if edu years ago.
wait no.. she might leave
Research: overall interested in research a) to improve practice + b) research that will give policymakers the materials they need.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most
phone itself. Turns off randomly, screen glitches out, won't restart. Worst!
no problem! :)
That party was wack!
Congrats on the record and a tough win. Phewww. RT : It's also the Storm's 23rd victory of the season, a new franchise record.
how can we fix this?
It was great talking to you as well!
this rain is for real... in case you had doubts
Why can't girls have friends that are guys without people thinkin they like them!?
uh oh...wet Riggy Bobby “: Forecast of potentially heavy rain for USA-Honduras in Miami tomorrow.”
definitely has funnest coverage of Wisconsin protest
another friend just informed me he's switched from bb to the iphone4s. my bbIM list is dwindling...!
love is like a rubberband, we keep pulling until someone le go. the one left holding on gets hurt
Happy Birthday to Betty Cummings, Sherril Rick, Penny Skinner, Connie L. Craft
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote
“: Omg the things I'm witnessing on chat roulette!!!!!” Reminds me of freshman year...
Try to help Kill the Keg at the Brave Horse Tavern. Welcome to Seattle Beer Week.
It's hard to conclude what is going on with NeNe's husband and Dwight. I do no the we'll find out shortly! Reserve judgement!
r u enjoying urs - hope so all the best RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Hope you are enjoying the day :-)
The Housewives of Atlanta wrap party is starstudded and the real who's who of Atlanta big wigs are here. How did I get here? Hard work!
Best way to get in touch with you via email.
Atlanta Half Marathon, then to Grandma's house I go. Happy Turkey Day!
Hello, Big D!
"ELI--TE" Manning gonna win the Super Bowl!
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Knowledge Management Attorney in #DC and #NY. This is a great opportunity to work with a prestigious…
The world moves faster than before, our institutions need to keep up. We need a shift in thinking: Politics 2.0, Ethics 2.0, Humanity 2.0
your not alone!
Hopstoopid is super string but darn delicious! Cheers to being half way through the week!
Attending the Fourth BHL Institutional Council Meeting at Ernst Mayr Library of the Harvard Museum of Comparative Zoology
oh,wait..where am i from?..., im from boston :) Xx
Don't miss Spring Awakening at Frederick Cultural Arts Center! Kudos to director
Two lesser known tracks by Madonna that I LOVE, Liquid Love and Has To Be. Listening to the latter of the two right now.
Dear teacher, would you mind not looking at my paper while I'm answering your test ? It feels really awkward .-.
How to look FAB take drops & gorge, do VLCD, do 3 wks maintenance so you never gain and U LOOK FAB www.lasvegashcg.com repeat for more loss
why thank you :-)
Temporary tattoos as local marketing tools: ": Spotted: temporary tattoos making a mark at #YJSF!"
Hope you are enjoying getting back to life!!
nice username <3
RT ": If wmn ruled the wrld there wud be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries nt tlkng to each other." :-p
I just saw this , you're so lucky you're cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><U+2764>
Last day of build week, thankfully it cooled off from the last 2 days. 7 new homes in MKE
#3WordsOfAdvice ...just keep swimming <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Lemon essential oil is revitalizing and uplifting, is a powerful antioxidant, refreshing in water and may be beneficial for the skin.
I haven't heard anything specific yet but I will look into it...
go for it girl! I am thinking short shorts and some of those furry leg covers. A little too curvy for just bra top but inspired
About to get sweaty, and sore #insanity day 26
Things next door to the Culture Room in Ft L. FL: Bible Store Tattoo Parlor Curves That's rite it's in a sweet strip mall Doors 4 Rock
Might be back to tweet, but if not, GOODNIGHT ALL OF YOU! Sweet Dreams
I'm ready to spring forward.
<U+2605> Contact us for your Private Event or Wedding!!! <U+2605> We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
so i've just discovered and now all i want to do is #wireframe all day long
yes! I've completely fallen in love with this place.
Cute!!! Break out the Dougie and Cat daddy lol :-)
Considering starting a Tumblr that's just photos taken of my sunroof while stopped in traffic. Mostly palm trees and surprising buildings.
Pretty Woman
getting the iPhone in 19 days
“: Thanks so much for the follow! :)” Thank you girlie=) xoxo
fuck yeah awesome show
I wanted to go to Disneyland ):
I've got the latest details on a Miami murder trial the nation is watching. See you at 5am on NBC 6
it was actually delicious ha
Let them know that they are stealing your content!
Doing an Open House on Super Bowl Saturday.
i am ur #1 fan! If i can't get u just to follow me, I'll quite singing forever! Ur my inspiration plz follow! I luv u foreva ;(
what's good
#S/O to all the Fathers who are being a Father to there Kid(s) #S/O to the Single Mothers & Fathers out there ! Continue to do ya Thang !!
Points are missing from the tweets
I'm not a big NCAA follower, but yay Marquette! Nice win!
"Put a lid on it Zane!"
[4] ... and because of their infectiousness are far more dangerous than individual bad acts? ...
When you do good deeds on earth . You will get good deeds in heaven.
Hope everything goes well today bro. Good luck!
The revolution will not be televised.
Good morning Twitterverse ~ seeing & posting this nice Friday, always good.
Maybe that's wrong
I sell the at wk and have had a number of ppl tell me they were buying a tempur to replace a sleep number.
Meh. Not a huge fan tbh.
Damn it! is sold out at tomorrow and I wanted to take my grandma to meet
Fuck everything right now for real. I just want this to be over. Things need to go back to how they were before.
I am gonna enter the One Direction Car Decorating contest, we created a video for our entry? Where can we send our vid entry?
My engine is fueled on sorrow and alcohol, and I prefer that both be inexpensive.
Let's build a community for Poly's that the islands can be proud of. If other people can have their own social networks why not us!
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
too many languages in one tweet = google translate failure
huh good an bad mt twins been having to go to the hospital but shes alright he tumor hasnt grown back
No it is a final shorten season. People might return, well those who was ok with the season finale
": . Are the storms effecting your Blues game?"- Game unaffected. But 1 person killed earlier in dt STL. Clear now.
Don't forget to spring forward! ....or if you're on Spring Break WHO CARES WHAT TIME IT IS!
Off to meet the bo for lunch! :)
#TGIF! What shows or movies are you seeing this weekend?
Pavel Datsyuk's steal and goal was AMAZING!!! Noone else in the NHL can do that that quickly.
technically I started early but the rockets made me take a long break lol
This is the greatest story ever written,/and it has already failed.
Obama: Proposing every state require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18. #SOTU. How would AK enforce that?
everywhere else in under two minutes.
Yep... feeling the same.. Good luck with your writing.... ^_^
email me. . will arrange meeting
If happy ever afters did exist I would still be holdin you like this and all of those fairy tales are full of shit
he's a rapper lol
Work first, play later.
how was it like doing the voice of Juliet in
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. Groucho Marx
Thank YOU for creating an amazing workout that works! 5 women lost total 110 inches in your retreat? Wow! Congrats to all!
Come join us this Sunday for our Celebration Service for Mother's Day, May 13 with Speaker : Rev. Ruth. Visit...
I did the recommended updates and disabled optical drive under battery stretch settings so maybe that will solve problem???
Great work, Josh!
Pete Campbell is such a weasel!
Girls, most guys only want you for your looks. Don't let their words fool you. #WordOfAdvice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
My sis doesnt love me lol, shes growing up and forgetting about her big sis
Mapping with Drupal, created a thirst for knowledge of mapping without Drupal. The market is there. /cc
Hunger is not debatable.
So a Captain Morgan and coke in Scotland is a Captain Morgan n' ginga?
will gay marriage ever become legal through out the country?
om I love you.
RT : Be sure to check out host for bottle service or guestlist for any Club!
in branson, mo at a great condo, beautiful fall day and going to show and shopping with wife and friends :-)
In other news, my Twitter account is still unverified. Am I really me?
hahah sure I will share u can b a bridesmaid in our wedding hahahahahahah:)
While you were watching Are you afraid of the dark.. I was making out with your sister to the #googoodolls dizzy up the girl album #90'slife
Welcome back! RT We've got a little guy booked at the Nike campus in two weeks - he's so excited...
Ron Swanson: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
ignore it lmaoo
The Heart of your Troubles is about to stop beating. Jesus is ready to pull the plug.#StandStrong. Nite:)
Thanks for the clarification... no current plans for this - sorry!
The Cars' Just What I Needed + Outcast's Hey Ya + Patty Smith's Gloria = morning made! Support now-412-381-9900
and she can't wait to meet you
Drop shadow.
didn't feel like drawing that out
Into the long commute back home
thank you for the RT! Do you have any to add?
Haha! Well, I have a resilient stomach, but it never hurts to be prepared.
cat-man-squirrel lol
someone has the same name as you?? you should bang them!
for you or for the players?
Can we help in any way?
Welcome (with a drop-cap "W")! Now we can tag you in all of our shenanigans. We reserve the right to quote you.
Thought it was more important to make sure Al Jazeera could respond than to get bogged down in numbers; see conspiracy if you like
Lincyy we suck at running
I may be moving :)
Microsoft encourages students to buy a PC, gives them a free Xbox 360 in return
In need of a translator, someone who can speak fluent spanish
RT : A Regular Expressions workshop sounds great!
life is so hard.
it wasn't though, that is where you are wrongo
How are you?
ehhh. I guess that's true
hey guys, I think I'm going to start working on JAM2013 today...
Thanks for the RT!
Sorry lady in elevator, it's too early for small talk
What do you think Woody Allen meant when he said, "Eighty percent of success is showing up?"
Congratulations on a great All-American season!
I kind of missed the whole YOLO thing but I am also ready for it to end.
No, it's not. It's a good friend on a private server. I don't want to interrupt his family Sunday.Folding clothes anyway. LOL
What the heck is this and why do i now i have this "call me maybe" song stuck in my head. ???
I'm like 35-1 now
It's time to knock out. Everyone be blessed and have a productive day!
People r saying bye bogut & I'll welcome Ellis, but will be missed by me. Fave since the big dog. Thanks
RT : BREAKING NEWS: The AP reports that Houston Rockets basketball player Ron Artest will sign with the L.A. Lakers. Developing.
lol nothing to elaborate on.
I hope you do. Thoughts go out for your friend and her family. We have nothing if we don't have hope! Bless
You can.
I dont even like/care about one direction..but i think they should do more tours in england before any other countries,js
I am like a kid on Christmas. It's the fashion superbowl #Oscar!!! Felling a little underwhelmed by the dresses so far thou
oh yeah, for the DH mixer, I was definitely taking notes! First time I've heard from the student cohort! Go English grad students!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Woke up feeling awful. Why would I get a cold this week...arrrrgh...not cool :-(
PosmanBooks @ Grand Central has a bio table & I stumbled upon "Chasing The Flame" about UN diplomat/politico Sergio Viera de Mello, killed.
W/ casserly's definition of OER, a cc licensed work with 'no derivatives' doesn't count. #SXSWedu Is 'sharealike' required?
So I would like to thank all of my wonderful followers!!! :)<3 I never thought that I would have this may followers! :)<33
There's nothing wrong in believing because when it pays off, it’s the greatest feeling. Even if we lose, at least we never gave up.
#6749 is jealous! And eyein' your prize.
I heard it's really good and not something you'd expect.
on the edge of my seat. go heels!!
That's good. ish.
R.I.P. Poly Styrene!!!! You served as an inspiration for Girls in Rock!!! We Love and Will Miss You!!!
While everyone is looking for prom dates and prom entire, I'm missing out ); looking for swing setts pack n plays bassinets(ect.)
i can get you one.
Just hacked you(: Love
Glad to be a part of the 11.7% of informed Wisconsinites!!
Welcome to Twitter GB.
The fact that the texans are hanging with the ravens on the road with a -3 turnover diff and a rookie qb is pretty good.
iM luckY, I haVE ThIs cUtie BaBE LOveYah OL.
4 years denied, fuck that lets party tonight!
oh, I am well aware of that fact. They were pretty much the driving force to my decision to work there today.
Good luck with that huge sandwich! Did you finish it all?
We haven't received many question via social media. What role do you think museums should play (if any)?
cool see you tomorrow:-)
I jus tried to be your friend, but I see its like that
sure - soon to be hoagie
happy birthday to the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER! Hope you had a great day!
Been using it 4 years. Try heating it up a bit w/ your hair dryer. It then acts like a curling iron & gives you even more curl.
I need new clothes so freakin' badly. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
thanks for the love homie
you know I like your new hair right?
Are you kid enough to suck you moms tits? It wouldn't be so shocking if the kid wasn't wearing pants used in jungle warfare.
didn't do shit fucker. But you can try me. I'll beat ur ass
You literally make me smile <3 I love you to death beautiful!
I did looks great! I tried to sign up twice on iPad but it wouldn't work..I'll try again
the #rosebowl is nuts this year..will they score 100?
Congrats to San Diego's Raquel Pomplun on this month's cover of Playboy magazine with Bruno Mars
it makes me giggle. If that's not love, I don't know what is.
love ya ma!!!
Coach was mad at me though
I hope you get to feeling better tomorrow:) Nothing worse then feeling like shit:) Love you<3 &Goodnight!!
the dark side of the sun?
I was too but I could only pick one word! lol!
SO SAD WHITNEY HOUSTON PASSED.... i still cant believe it
DUDE. ARE YOU SERIOUS? I JUST BOUGHT MERCH LAST WEEK. HOW MUCH ARE TE WATCHES? Please say under ten dollars D:
I won't be able to catch it. Updates plzzzz
oh no of course not. He came home exhausted!
I hope that before the Legislature adjourns, they will amend the law to mete out the punishment food profiteers in war time deserve. [1944]
sushi, finally I almost died
measurement has to be worked in at the start of the campaign. Tweets etc aren't permanent
The colts pick a QB with the 1st overall pick and the last pick is a QB
imagine if Niall knocked on your door and asked you out on date to the beach :')
only for 4S
when your bestfriends say cute shit to you and you feel snuggly inside
Now back to work
!Seriously! Do you advertise with #RushLimbaugh? I am so ashamed!! I really hope this isn't true!!??
I love 3-point shoot-outs!
awww very nice! Miss you guys! Come visit please!
It's still the same old story: a fight for love and glory, a case of do or die. Though I will always welcome lovers as time goes by...
can't wait to watch!
Dick Clark. He had a good beat and was easy to dance to. (older folks will get that American Bandstand joke)
the B&H Photo app is dangerous...
RT : “: Mudding with Michael #siblingbonding” This should be photographed.
gots it. The way it's read feel off. Or maybe it's the way he breaks lines that makes NO sense to me.
i really wanna be your 3rd winner #IWantBTRAutograph please pick me, hope your seeing my tweets
Blow your nose! Omg, that noise is annoying and nasty.
Where are my fucking humans damn it This house is cold and I cant reach the heater switch If they dont get back soon I'm shit'n in a slipper
aww thanks boo!
I know Why Im walking like a crippled person in my private Apt. do you ? <Belinda Jackson>
Haha, I was just about to Tweet that as well. Never thought I'd see the day. Might be best Linkedin invite ever.
It's time to let go of the hurt,tears,pain and past
She used to have a future. Then she married #RickSantorum, who believes in a woman's right to quit her job & homeschool 8 kids (cont)
FINALLY IN FLORIDA!!! :D im so happy :) See all you floridians in church on sunday :))
I actually think of YOU as a celebrity at this point. There should be a genre.
my new twitter page.. follow back ... thanks for all the luv!! keep it 100!
The Secret to Flat Abs? Once we got over our annoyance that researchers released this info at the end of bikini season, we were pretty intr
enjoy your kettle!
you are most welcome
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Congrats to The Tuscaloosa News staff on its Pulitzer!
#Caps lose 2-1 and that will end their 2011-2012 campaign
Silence, or ill put jellyfish poison in your doormat.
Dr. Baker-Schena gave a lot of work, whipped my writing into shape and gave lots of hugs & laughs. Wouldn't be here w/o her.
Mark your Calenders! Roots Fest: June 25th, Latino Fest: June 26th and the African-American Heritage Festival: July 2-3rd! Come visit us!!!
May the pack be with you
The only people clamoring for a Mike Bloomberg VP slot are in the media. Nobody else cares.
love it. Which one are you?? :)
22 songs. I guess that would be more than an hour. That's about my commute time. Drive safe. Watch the crazies!
uh just took my memory card out of my phone and now i can't find it
Bartering with black guys...and getting our way. This is how we do.
Tusk is a masterpiece.
I'm thinking the tours, R&A and USGA would take a dim view of this stuff, if it is proven to work.
I hade my plan B before I had my plan A.
I'm bummed about World Market closing in MN I love that store
#20thingsaboutme 20. i absolutely hate when people blow things out of porportion. get over it.
just figured out you were in town. Bah
Fck its so hot today!
my man you mean
Pocket w/ !!! One of these days I'm gonna grow up!!!! Just not this day!!!
RT I want a german exchange student <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I am thinking of you! How are you?
good day sir!
Sitting in a blanket that just came out of the dryer is pure happiness to me.
I decided to lower prices across the board for Halloween, without any coupon or promo codes. Please let me know what you think!
We are only limited by our perception of what we can and cannot do.
RT Rep Edwards amd to restore funding for provisions "that make small communities livable." Sidewalks, paths, etc
MATT HOW COULD YOU BREAK HIS HEART LIKE THAT?!?!?!
Is really in need of a getaway.
When you find that person who knows all your weakness and still thinks your amazing <U+E022>
I always fall in love with the bad guys in lifetime movies.
Hundreds fill MacArthur Airport's terminal to welcome home a Marine returning from a deployment overseas.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IM SEEING AUSTIN IN CONCERT!!!! :)
twitter, of course!
Meg can't win for losing, bless her heart lol.
Dear I can barely walk up/down my stairs. Thank you for the great workout yesterday! I'll definitely be back!
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm really impatient
www.dcbachatacongress.com this weekend. Who's going?
- If the were truely "legitimate", they would know better than to consider it. The differences are just too great.
“If I am not for myself, then who will be for me? And if I am only for myself, then what am I? And if not now, when?” - Rabbi Hillel
I'm giving her the benefit of the benefit of the doubt and I'll say that the coffee takes 10 minutes to brew...
Everybody follow please!!!
Show tonight @ Rabbitfoot Records (Titusville, FL) with Rickett Pass!
goodnight and happy friday ^_^
Grillos Pickles: A table spoon of Ya Juice in a bottle of H2O in the morning & I lost 11lbs in a week! Whew!!!
: Thanks Mr. Gadsby and Mr. President!
The Memphis Hornswoggles
` sittin here playin the game but about to turn it off
tell ebony not to sound so exited about his bail :-/
Follow more people we love:
Got a headache now! :/
Awesome, enjoy!
Prayers go out to and a speedy recovery!
what picture do you have on your profile?? I can't find you
I noticed a postcard lying on a sidewalk today — a preacher promoting a sermon with the theme "ROBERT'S RAGE."
"you bitch i'm going to punch you in the face"
Well damn. So much for my Harbough brothers Super Bowl Showdown. Bummer.
Glass storage containers with lids Pyrex Serveware Sculptured 3- serveware with lid
please follow me miranda! Huge fan! :D
Spent the entire day without access to my work email.
story of my existence.
thanks, am bummed and was hoping to hang out. You going to THATCamp Prime?
I'm pretty sure I just stalked 's new house on my run.
Walk one of those beers down to the beach in Sea Isle!
Been at work 14 hours today already. Need a nap, but the opportunity to hear Swedish author speak at ASI tonight trumps sleep!
Nobody films music videos when its dark out.
NO. I ACCIDENTALLY BUMPED MY TABLET & USED ONE OF MY BOMBS IN DRAW SOMETHING.
OMG Jym Ganahl is here tonight!
Creeper on the Subway: Happy Mothers Day! Are you a Mother? Me: No... Him: Do you WANT to be? #wink <-
When does the Jason Scott Museum of the Disenfranchised open in upstate NY?
I don't understand how you can go from the things you said yesterday, to not even texting me back today.
Office Manners tip: Keep lunch in the kitchen. Don't eat at your desk or have foods with really strong smells
"you don't dress like you live in beacon hill." "well you don't dress like an asshole."
mashadi!!!! where and how u been?
jacobo como esta Argentina oh el hostel son economicos no? ?/
Let's go Valley!!! I'm rolling w you
- have fun! it's contagious.
Q, I totally agree with you on Tebow, it's all about him doing it on the field.
I've always wanted to try chicken feet. My Granddad's fav. food was pickled pig's feet, so feet must be delicious!
Tobacco and the American Revolution. That seems to be my gig. Someone else snapped up prostitution in 18th-c. London.
MRI on L Ankle this AM. Hope 4 no torn ligaments/tendons (surgery if yes). 3 1/2 wks since fall. Still painful & wearing danged boot! Grr.
I don't doubt that I said delightful. That word pops up a lot in my daily vocabulary. But...What are you talking about?
Many Microsoft Office products are NOT accessible with screen readers.
Dude that's what I had for dinner!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn he has three phones
Q2 My last lib survey on outreach we asked at booths/events on our iPad. Few people wanted to answer, thought we were selling. :(
It was an honor and an amazing time working for you & Merrill all semester. Thank you for this amazing opportunity
Casey Jenkins and DarkerThanBlue are doing good for B'more
On set filming today has been a long day and we still have more to go
is having one of the most relevant conversations in the black community...
Thanksgiving coming up im ready to feast
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day yesterday.
"Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them." - Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
What a goal by Datsyuk! What can't that man do?
simple but effective.
Anybody needing a job. State Fair is hiring.
“: You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. - Richard Branson”
Trying to get #wilsanity to trend and I lost a follower. Someone must not be a fan of #bucky!
too funny -- I hope you guys used the mistaken identity thing to your advantage. :-)
What a cruel world where I missed Walking Dead last night... Fiend and Dick Ramsses got to see the whole damn thing! -V
that's when i'd really flip! lol
i only try to be as babelicious as you are. lets get together, yea yea yea, and catch up on life :)
Will you be putting your live music schedule online?
Len Blavatnik's Access Industries is buying Warner Music Group Corp., the world's third-largest recording company, for about $1.3 billion.
Absolutely! Hope to hear more from you!
Just got an email pitch on surviving your hs reunion by doing "17 Procedures to Look 17 Again." Lipo, lasers, tattoo removal, oh my!
hell yea and you in pearland too, enterprsise or budget by hobby,
Working on music as I speak for and Video for our song being planned right now.
Kudos to for going
Awesome! I know I'm excited for the #may6thtruckrally - bring on the food trucks!
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool having money. The coolest people I know are some of the brokest
Sorry for the misunderstanding, at least we all agree its an awesome campaign!
home wrecking ass tramp..
aha. R u on spring break?
i think I'm rather romantic
AHH "per capita!" !! We will miss you in Cinci this year Michelle!! RT Now if we could just get "Per Capita" on here.
Big Idea Winner is Drug Delivery Platform!
Nice article in this Sunday re: light rail development in #Austin.Author also talked about it on this morning
personally quite glad te RDA is gone. A largely destructive force to the history of Long Beach.
Great service tonight
always looking for brands that want to connect with consumers through the unique savings/shopping portal we're building - DM us for more!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Cum make me
lol this is funny! RT ": If I was a super hero, I'd be Catch-On-Fast-Man!"
": #NP RIP RAJA!!!!! RIP RAJA FREE BRIE I LOVE BOTH U NIGGAS" <--- I just checked up on bruh case
Well today I I asked my friend to tell this other kid I really like him and I know him so yeah and I just texted her wat did he say ????
#slcwebinar No one knows everything in their field. Need to share knowledge with others.
got a hot date with my old man sat, but I'm free Friday night or Sunday day/night :)
People who work on Wall Street call it The Street-so it will sound gangster. Which is fitting due to call the crime that happens there.
hate my parents so much like really stop getting involoed in my life
CamMi saw your post on marriage, sharing your poems about marriage is a beautiful idea
Thanks!! Good to be here!
Testing is mandated by the state.
RT : show your love, plug #Dollhouse on twitter!
brothers lil baby momma want it... lol
Watch out today! Flash flood warnings and rain!!
Not sure, but looking online seats have been flying today. Even with RG game vs us, I think we'll be at least 7k
Bein' me isn't as hard as it used to be
Sleeping pills <U+2764>
hi guys im followin u now xx
...though there might be an endogeneity issue too...
if the Suns were in the playoffs Id jump at $50 lowers. But thats why I have season tickets
I think I just broke my back. OwWw :(
every single tourney, you just crush. glgllglgl, get that ish
Wasn't really planning on spending the entire weekend in bed...
bitch u ain't a barbie. I see you work at Arby's. Number 2, super size hurry up I'm starving. Lmao. Miss u !
It absolutely is. Unbelievable. RT : Penn State scandal is the worst in college sports history! Bar none!
Yes, is all rock/show posters. You should check out the forums though , tons of designers & etc.
That makes two of us.
d-_-b "Going hard the whole night cause I ain't going back to my old life..." I Don't Like
www.transysports.com 4 latest info on Transy's tip-off dinner with Coach Cal & the Cats @ Keeneland on Oct.30. Leave Friday 4 Canada
True that now i am taking down my micros
I don't understand why I have to put a photo of myself on my resume.Isn't it against "equal opportunity" law? Koreans don't have one.
Open position with insurance company. 4-40 or 2-20 license preferred not required. Message me for contact info. Spread the word. They want …
I was just thinking about something. I know the likelihood of you seeing this is low, but I'll just say it in a few tweets.
Pistanthrophobia: The fear of trusting..
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE do you save the gifts from your fans? i gave you some!! :)
Sometimes I wonder if people are just stupid or if they actually just act stupid to see what kind of reaction they can get??
Has everybody gotten their $10 bucket of balls??
I eat crickets but
ouch :( ill pray for your head :p
Things are go so wonderful in my life I can't complain if I wanted too!!!!
Aww make us wait longer. Blah.
near green park. just visiting some folks, may take a day trip out to see some others. we should grab a pint if you have time.
thanx elke; that large a gathering of committed believers/ministers has got to be awesome
thanks Nicole. Issue resolved. It was a very silly user error. I am grateful for your prompt response!!
It was an important part of my life
I honestly think in 15 yrs we'll just be tchg ELA/math thks to Common Core and all the $ behind it incl Gates' $
..just sent you an email!
Scripted disaster wrapped in homogenized malice that is the weary bravado of my being...
my favorite episode is when benson has bad luck.... because he gets jumped and its so funny. Kfjencikdjekahdkamficjem.
we're scheduled to close on our first home in five days, please send us "smooth home buying" vibes!
watching the last song!! :D #Babymama #MileyCyrus ;)
Huff closing by reading Sen Steinberg letter pulling SB955 two years ago & discusses underperforming & average teachers. Boo! Teachers ROCK!
Girls night out!!!
Oh my, has a twitter ?!?! My life is made.
heh. I merely have an opinion. But whatever works for you is fine, I guess :)
cane's date tomorrow and daniel has a bad attitude.
There is no worse name than the Commonwealth of Virginia!
This new Alcatraz show is garbage. Done!
He was moving tii
My circle evaluated: -4
phone tethering?
Pyrotopia preview today! See LED spinners and Tesla coil demonstration at the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh, 3:30-4pm, downstairs theater.
By the way I just saw the first 2012 movie trailer .....CRAZY SH*T!
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I'm horrible with money and I'm going to need to start over how I approach it.
Halfway through, and LOVING your book! Congratulations on NYT Bestseller awesomeness. You deserve it.
If you carry the bricks form your past relationship to the new one, you'll only build the same house.
Thanks to Chris Payne for interviewing us tonight. It'll air this Sunday night on at 9:00 CST. Great exposure, folks!
can't wait!! I'll be here until August! :D
so now I'm a ho from your past?!
If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me there wouldn't be a choice.
Me - hoping to meet a ton of new people, see ya there!
Thanks, Anna. (And you too, , man of infinite patience that you are...)
Feels so good to finally be done with you. Have a nice life, ASS HOLE.
but then you'd have to ACTUALLY talk to someone.
that was a fail... #SoEmbarassing !! :P
"Make everyone else look brilliant." Quit showing off, trying to make yourself look good."
Woke up in a decent mood! Ready to conqueror the world! Text me 7138763037 :}
Good afternoon everyone. I hope you are all having a wonderful Friday and a great start to the weekend.
haha definitely typed something into the wrong spot
MCA RIP the Beastie Boys are apart of everyone!
We all know you be running scared just like the rest if us if that did happen. So don't act all tough.
Enhance your Super Bowl experience in Indy! Sign up to receive exclusive information, alerts, and updates about game day text 69635
Hundreds of fishermen dock at NSC for Bass Expo
Thanks to for joining and me for our first #EFChat! Have a good lunch!
WEDNESDAY = Bucket Night. $10 domestic buckets and $15 import buckets. Get your bucket on. 6-close.
sends out his first tweet since surgery. Hear what it said at 7:10 on
I saw a Lamborghini dealership in the somewhat rural suburbs of St. Louis a few weeks ago. That kind of surprised me.
Overnight parking available for $15 a night in the GWCC (Red Deck Only) 2,000 spots, covered, security 24/7
whats up robert?
Weather got you snowed in here in ABQ? Call us @ 505-296-4852 & ask for the "Twitter" rate special. And remember - we have Sadie's here now!
I'm in the car now!
I just don't trust any road-side real estate investment opportunity that hand writes their sign instead of spending $10 at Kinko's.
occupychicago from the Logan Square #SAVEOURCLINICS Occupation! Stop by 2354 Milwaukee any time, we're here 24/7
The team that wins any drill must make a FT to validate the win.
Always the gypsy souls and rebel hearts are the bad boys that get me <3
To any upcoming freshman who have Biology 1Honors, im selling my entire B.I.R.P. Project. Youll find out what it is. Hit me up!
maybe he just flipped his original lineup upside down
RT : i'm that awkward age where i'm really young, but grown up...
omg me to! It's amazing & I've always wanted to go to he in the city<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
ok. i'll see you all tomorrow. didn't quite get that mailing out today. no biggie, but i promise, no naps tomorrow ;) ( )
New Pop Single Tonight at Club Zona Latina this Saturday at 3pm see you there
We can't wait have you visit!
how did you know?!
Thanks, guys! Very proud of that one. We have a great team who pulls all that together.
Houston Wants You! Street Beauty Entertainment.....wants you to!
iTunes Match says: your 7,496 songs are now available in iCloud.
nor do I.
thanks! Really like your logo as well - nice work :)
#30thingsaboutme 3. i love snuggling with austin!
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park HS) also had a good game with 11 points and 3 assists. Smalls has another year at Tech.
ok..u are work in progress : - well gluck with whichever direction u take
HEY DUDES! SEE YA WEDNESDAY MARCH 14TH! WE ARE ALL READY TO ROCK!
Thanks a great catch up this morning! Always fun.
I can so relate to that !
Let the songs you write be about women's issues and women's rights.
Where? Im trying to put one together 2, maybe you could help! RT : Fashion show next week
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
We hope everything was good yesterday! Cheers...
There's much weeping and gnashing of teeth in Portland today after last night's inexplicable loss by the to Washington.
cmonnn b's
I think I really like who you're becoming.
why won't twitter let me follow you? Accept me Chris! TAKE ME AS I AM!!! Why won't you let me in?!?!
My nights ruined
why you gotta be a jerk like that?
BBC here to film our glove factory. Nice people from the other side of the Pond.
has vans now - might be perfect for driving your team around.
my goal is to continue to post to my blog every week on monday...eventually i'll raise that but for now i'm just too busy unfortunately
THERE is No Loyalty Like a SCorPio's...... Real rida Shyt
After a list of "I need", a teacher stopped and said, "And thanks for all you have done." It made my day!
I'm following you and now! That's 3 more dollars to Follow me back!
High school students: check out for tons of helpful apps to help you study
looks like a coral snake but I am not sure they are in Florida. If it is, stay away...highly venomous.
following 305 people...perfect
Placemaking at its best! , Cedric Tai, Detroit Mural Factory, so many others do this here too!
Back home after a great weekend.
You're wasting dreams on a location when you have TWO 10 mins away from you. How about dreaming up a DnD instead?
Justin hasn't been here since December 2010 and we miss him.
Go follow my friend - if u want one new follower
thanks so much!
anyone know a good black friday deal on a lap top??
should I go to bed?
Tides are another source of energy.
Just got a sharp pain in my leg. Most def about to go to sleep now. Bad enough Im congested
Ugh, up early as hell
Visit our webpage and sign up now to be the first to hear about the DC's best drink specials!
Drew has cheesesteaks oh man i'm hungry
Hi folks. When appropriate, try to connect it to both. When it's not appropriate, just one or the other
So just announced advanced level modern classes with their company this summer. I think the Universe loves me today.
This week went by fast. WOW! :-)
Mason County Sheriff's Department calls off recovery of young dad presumed drowned West of Tacoma
on God?
Been awhile since we've chatted! It was great to see you today! Let's try to connect for lunch, or something (mani/pedi?).
Pardon my ignorance, but is tonight the DWTS finale? Trying to figure out why the audio for it is on over everything else in this bar.
what kind of animales do You like?2
Supt Karen Fischer-Gray holds up giant document of public comments. Everything in the plan affects kids & families, therefore schools.
Thank god for
#StewardsOfChildren is the leading evidence based child sexual abuse training available. Call the Mps. CAC 901.888.4363 to find out more.
“: If you pressed your ear to the iron fence you could hear the crack of the high-fives at the White House last night!
Farewell Square Cafe. Thank you for everything!! Here we come, Tin Front Cafe!
U know u skinny when yo leggings loose
and this #oomf is gonna keep on #oomf'ing until that #oomf stops being
Idol can wait. Family comes first. =)
I'm honored to have been asked to present on an advocacy and online engagement panel next week at #campaigntech in DC!
I REALLY want to go to the and Francesca Battistelli concert in Memphis!! I'm gonna road trip it alone!!
Oklahoma City or Los Angeles.. this is hard. #Lakers :)
It had been way too long without a "hi" :)
Interesting, unfortunately it doesn't look like they've made it to IL yet. I'll have to keep an eye out when I'm traveling.
Ate a sandwich for lunch today, and now I smell like a hoagie. I must have rubbed it on my face.
This is going to be the best 1 day work week ever, then off to NYC to watch graduate and to celebrate!!!!
yeen tell me Happy birthday neither!
Whoa - Is actually showing their clothes on girls who are bigger than a size 2? It's about time (& wow, are they gorgeous!).
I would have to say your tip is to do something where RTs and takes notice. But polka dot dresses don't hurt either
#DarkShadows LOOK'S GOOD..
I won't give up on us.
Was just trying to find information on NW ILL & Resource Sharing Conference, but can't tell which info is new. Hashtags have no dates!
thanks for the add! I'll have to throw a cocktail hour to celebrate!
WLKY is reporting that a car hit a patio area of a bar in Lexington....
uh I'm not too sure. Maybe like 12. My dads gunna drive us
The real source of wealth and capital in this new era is not material things.. it is the human mind, the human spirit, the human...
let me put it in football terms, Finley one pass today caught and dropped 7 key balls.
MT Before shooting & killing the men, Horn explicitly cited Texas then-new Stand Your Ground law. | Disgraceful,
It was a pleasure to attend the New York Regional Economic Development Conference this morning.
You did!
And yes, I did just RT myself. Deal with it.
The Q St exit should still be open even though the circle exit is closed.
Run and tell your mother motherfucker.
I'll stop doubting, I promise. You've prven yourself enough. Just please comeback. I miss you. We miss you. Please?
ahahaha she drove!
Darnell MacDonald's kids just playing out on the field. Looking good, but still not as snazzy dressers as D'Angelo who has his own uniform
Trying to spread the word around Sweden. Check this guy out!
This dude is following me 4 like 3 blocks now ...
Beat it up so gud made her think about staying with me lol.
please follow ! they are the official ARMY! and you are the official JADENATOR !you could get along LOLLOL
Sampling today on n. lamar in the #atx. Come on over all #sxsw folks. We'll be here till 3:00 & again on Sat
I am so frickin antsy to start LCSW supervision. omgomgomg. Can't wait till there is a social worker to talk to at work :)
At Times Im Hesistant About Takin Risks Because Idk How Da Outcome Mite Turn Out..
Me too… and I thought I'd never be hungry again.
Date night with my lady!!!
exhausted. good night.
Staying home from school again... I wanna go to school. But mom said no, doesn't want me throwing up again.
textbooks: "an assemblage of resources that, in a digital world there's no reason to bind together and publish en masse" YES!
I'm so hungry oh my freaking god :-(
miss you too! Let's go on an adventure soon!! Xo
I feel so fat :o
that'll work :)
What's the rate of the reverse?
April 14, 1865 would've been even more interesting if John Wilkes Booth had instagram
Lol at this girl who couldn't buy her cigarets & beer because of her paper ID cause she "lost" her real one.
Sending out good karma to Fitness Magazine Editor-in-Chief Betty Wong who is running the NYC Marathon this weekend
Love singing to #oldsongs by myself on my way home from work
Seski shy, maybe, but Seski have 2 very large left feet
You're going to eat at Denny's to get the rungood going?
Orton's Return: Is Barrett Ready For It?
A gift of thanks:"You to me & me to you & us to all of them/The circle that will ever grow as we go #FurtherIn"-Greg Brown
Congrats man
twin days! how was your waterfall?
I can say this is one day i feel lonely.
My first installation today OS on the corner of Candy Apple St and Granny Smith Ave...
True True, She Needs To Make it Longer like IsneekoffwitJuz10Whenselalaisntlooking hahahaha
OMG. Chernobyl was a zombie outbreak!
The middle of a dough nut does not have any calories!
haha groupie :p but sadly I don't know mang.. We'll just have to wait and see *crosses fingers
lol! yeah, I agree:)
#youwerecuteuntil I saw (;
"Didn't u used to have hair" I almost knocked this motherfucker out last night
scotty on the
Based on twitter and email feedback, I'd say you're correct.
Well, at least she will pass the 'steal Dad's phone and tweet your own name' part of PreSchool... RT Presley
yea but u rmbrd mine so thats all that matters lol
“We’re here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?” —Steve Jobs
yeah man for sure ill let ya know!
When you breathe, you inspire. When you do not breathe, you expire. (If you think about it, this one holds a deep philosophical truth).
fedoras are never okay ever
great American cookie has a nice little scam going on with the debit card minimum
DeMaio says he will fight insiders as mayor. "I stood with you, the people," he says.
Obama:"Eff this election, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie. Here, tell these people something they don't know about me"*Drops mic
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT $5ADMISSION $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
What is your protagonist struggling for and why? Who's trying to stop him and why? How will all this change him?
I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or anything.
i kinda want to punch you if you wear black framed glasses and you don't have a prescription....
I have three of his novels so I got you
Glad you had a great time!!
post to welker
Happy easter, christ is risen!... He is risen indeed!
#FF we will be there! :-)
Just did the math. The volume of content posted to Twitter (text only) in one day is equivalent to the amount of text in 1,624 bibles.
(Justin) Aaron Rodgers v. #AlexSmith in NFC Championship??? Would love to see it, and what a great storyline.
Make sure you get them god pictures! :-) RT : Up and at 'em! I'm excited about going to my cousin's graduation!
come I'm here too!
Does anyone know what is going on at the thermal site downtown? Moving dirt for something.
Welcome to our new Facebook page! Please share with your friends and colleagues, and we look forward to interacting with you!
Looking forward to seeing the gorgeous tonight at to benefit Come out and support a great cause!
It was a good first Mothers Day tho. I'm so blessed to have my little girl in my life. Mommy loves you Leah Renee! <33
oh and i love your twitcon picture!!
Sadly, I am having trouble thinking of a taco-related copyright question for :-(
Happy Valentines Day! May today be a love filled day for you with or without a sweetie.
you too!
to the inventor of cornhole...good job.
we barely made up dance moves haha
Lilly's all sick and stuff :/
Up early this dreary Sunday for the 5K Home Run for the Homeless- brrrrrrrrr.
Thousands of NEVER B4 SEEN photos of REGGAE ARTISTS taken by RED ROSE...coming soon
I sent another tweet dumbass.
What a range of emotions with the news that Bin Laden is dead.
I want a White iPhone! Or iPhone 5
o I'll cuddle with you ;D
Side effect of being back to US from abroad: zero appetite. 6 lbs lost in 2 weeks. Then again am not eating rice and peas every day!!
Thanks to all who came to another fabulous and very busy Sunday #mkebrunch!
I invite everyone to a opportunity to join me in making money.
bro! You're already at #11!!! Fucking congrats!!!
Cut up apples in the tub gotta try that one day
Yes we are! Huge win RT : IS back baby!!!
RT :Teens dont have to be going through the same issues they're reading about to be experiencing the same emotions.
hows it looking for Awake?
thx for giving it a try, Paul. we're aware of all the bugs and work on fixing them.
Mostly, I
Took the day off today & had incredibly productive day//did real, meaningful work//got inspired for the first time in a yr or so.
Just bought a piano from your amazing store. Ross thank you for the top notch customer service.
valet in miami so so sketchy they have no integrity.
Kidd looking Oldd. Smh com'on player put some bend in those knees.
Nothin like having your megabus breakdown on the side of the road. What a close to a fantastic day.
If you're at home and not watching this South Florida vs Notre Dame game on ESPN, you're missing out.Collins is holding it down for Houston.
I wonder who you heard of that app from.......
nun really jus went 2 go get my i.d
GOV red tape will never equal duct tape! 30% of the working population can not pay for 100% of the US FUZZY math will end. Barrow to give?
Thank you for the RT and the always talented Special shoutouts to
Big monday night plans... #rhonj. I'm scared to see get attacked! Ah
about to eat some ice cream!<U+E33A><U+E409>
Mrs. Horan (;
Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!
Mom. Shut The Fuck Up. You & Everyone Else Is Annoying Me Today.. (-__-)
What do ya'll know about olfactory art?
haha thank u that's really nice of u to say =) and im chinese Ukrainian german XD
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. :)
#LetsBeBlunt if you still are talking about the situation , it obviously still bothers you
Your GoodMoring Doesnt Matter To Me Anymore
don't lose your mojo! We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!
But since you are in Hillel I might go for a visit. Tomorrow, though...
haha you're talking me into it! Not out of iittttt!
Been staring at this beautiful fog over Lake Mendota at the lib. All I want to do is take photos, but instead I'm stuck writing my thesis :(
What's up??? What's going on with you today??? , I did not know you know
tried 2 take control of the love, love took control of me
People told me hes the king of tumblr!
brings to !! Every ticket sales goes directly to Outward Bound Denver's Scholarship Fund!!
Happy Friday the 13th, everyone! Follow the beautiful and . They're fashion is all heart.
you're welcome... hope you're staying out of trouble
The joy of Joffrey getting slapped is overshadowed by heart attacks for Arya this episode
Share mistakes. They might spark someone else's ideas.
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
thanks for posting these photos from Bertie!
messing around at home
Iraq will become a vacation destination
I probably shouldn't have left track today ..
" birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirsty!
Record companies are a unnecessary evil.
thank you we appropriate your support!
what time do you wanna go ?
What/where is it?
Were talking like we just met.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown
They're playing Selena! Like the J.Lo version, not Bieb's girlfriend. *happy-dance*
Guys.....who wanna my BBM pin ?
It sure is hard not to mess with TX when y'all are so delusional.
Finished the Doctor Who season 6. Don't know what I'm going to get into now but hopefully something as good.
You’re very welcome! Which bar is your favorite to munch on? RT: Dear sunbelt thanks for the candy you call granola…
Baby u got me dont worry ur pretty little heartt*
Go Butler!
Never pay bills drunk, even bar tabs. Instead, leave an article of clothing as collateral and go back to pay the next day.
Yeah, right. Laying off 6000 teachers will really help the jobless rates!
That moment when is having a tweetspree and replies to everyone<3 .. except you ._.
This is going to be a long weekend...and not in a good way.
It's been 12 innings since the White Sox scored a run.
yep, that is fucking awesome.
thank you!..have a great day!!
A baseball movie on sabermetrics wo Pitt never gets made. And BTW I bet Giamatti could play 2nd base for the Dodgers.
I just saw a commercial for Scientology?!?!
home values are still in the tank, with 3 key price indices sinking in the 4th quarter lowest level since the housing crisis 7 years ago. .
Jewish Meditation - tonight - 7:30pm-9pm at Congregation B'nai Shalom, Westborough, MA - Join me as I lead seated and walking meditation.
When a man goes overboard & the ship does a hard u-turn, my office collapses on me. Stay on the boat, people!
every edward has a bella already ¬¬' i'll keep searching
thanks for the mention and for your participation in !
DO IT. Do cats like seahorses?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs cincinnati will be trouble
wish i wasn't spending this night alone .. #uh /:
PM announces promulgation of new charter
Awesome time tonight as a sponsor and photographer at the Bethesda Green Gala!
The company name is Quantum Herbal Products, the Adrenal Energy Formula
Took my little girl swimming today, then out for ice cream! I love summer :-)
I'm so bored on my birthday ):
good murttingg to u mr :) “: Yo! good Murttingg Sir”
Amazing day with Ivan, Dana and Matt! Adding to the mix is Kaitlyn! Don't miss classes tomorrow.... xoxoxo
PACK ARE BACK!!
..hope you feel better Lady..yes..cant wait to hear Dre the choir and Bishop minister.
Thx for the post!
I could try to give some more specific interests, but aside from my disability/illness....
Beautiful weather coming this week :)
excellent, see you tomorrow
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
Will you have Meet and Greets during #TheBTWBall in the U.S?
Well there goes $240. Thanks KU.
ugh.. yard work, at least it's beautiful out. :)
hahahaha yeah! Louis nice... His partner is kinda mean haha
Thanks for following.
Check out Jockamo Pizza in Irvington. Even better than Bazbeaux.
Do not let obstacles steer you away from your objective.
everyone that lives in California like on the beach & stuff are SOO. LUCKY.
Moderators - having issues setting my social networking service profile's default to "The Rain Song" - acc't settings? Enter through menu?
Right on #TEDxChange looks really interesting... hope to see you at !
Good times RT : Chillen w fam & more .. right here on the rocks!
have the guts to see if you can DO what you say you ARE; and if you cannot, to face the truth, and discover what you CAN do!
My hero! RT This little boy crawled into a toy machine and passed out candy huff.to/AoMIVX
Have you thought, "I want to throw a Packer party for 50 of my dearest friends, where can I go?"...Try Saz's "State Room"! Classy and fun!
Ate steak for dinner !
Lovin with all my heart!!!! Unconditionally!!!!
#5thingsaboutme 4. I don't know why she doesn't Notice Me.
hahaha omg I love that! #sexybffs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
It's accessible now. Will send link when home.
Order of the day, cautious optimism.
Don't you love how family & friends always trying to pay you with food for your services, what's up with that?
LOL face is priceless about this fire walk!!
HAPPY #NSD! :D
Me: can I have animal style fries ? : are they really shaped like animals ? Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lmaoo . #Dead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
yeah! What about THAT economy? THAT economy always gets off scot free!
Thanks good brother. I had no idea. Is it from my personal or campaign page?
So we're now supposed to go back to Facebook for a few days and hope for a discount IPO kick down? Amusing idea...
Anyone going anywhere warm and sunny while it's cold and gloomy here in New England?
Boring day !
I ate it.... With my fist
Yea, that one. I thought it was cute. Sorry it took me so long to write back. Talking to my husband.
defines hadoop, distributed computing, machine learning and Google algorithms in one fell swoop of elegance -on the phone. Wow!
If bonuses are rewards for good performance, the government should not be allowed to deduct income tax from them.
Judge told him the severity of the sentence is based on betrayal of public trust.
More corruption. RT : McGraw is now running taxpayer funded radio ads, pretty convenient since its campaign season.
#movietitlesthatdescribeyourlovelife There Will Be Blood
#OTRC is like the Insincerity Olympics.
My computer died, so I've been using a friends, until I able to get a new one. So I'll be on the move soon! :)
I love Chess , the strategy of the game, the enemy removes the powerful pieces to gain control of the board. What piece has he captured?
Your bias is hurting your credibility. put that clip up on 3/21, while was sitting on his thumb.
you have the worst schedule EVER!
Is it bad that I like the chase better than the reward? #gah !
Its thirsty Thursday! Come get crazy with Robertoflay spinning tonight! Come Bounce with us!!!
Everyone in the world should abide by this rule: If the sun isn't up, I shouldn't be either.
WHAT'S THAT APP CALLED!
RT: We're living longer now. Till our 90's. Y do u need 2have everything 2gether by 23? Live love &stop stressing
have I told you lately that I love you?
gurl we gunna hurt that midget (philip) when we done wit him he gun look like a baboon! (;;
Mercury is retrograding all over my computer!
Maria, great meeting you today! Justsayin' lol (:
The paperback is split into three volumes again--and boxed in clear plastic. Costs $29.95!!!
GO KINGS GO!!!
oh wow mastication juicer #doyou have a brand recommendation?? Green good yes. Planting many greens now for summer juices.
your welcome!
2tds...99yrds is my prediction along with the W of course.
you up late watching?? It's all Bubba now!!!
I agree :)
Don't forget: Pallet = wood
Hey , definitely feeling happy on
where do you play at?
If you look at Twitter, FB, or surf the web at work, OWN UP TO IT. We all see tiny browser in the corner of your screen.
Thanks doll!
RT : Isn't it weird how people can go from talking everyday to not talking at all?
Film fans are still forking over for "The Hunger Games," which took in $33.5 million to lead the box office for a third-straight weekend.
I'm digging Flame! Hip Hop artist for GOD!
We are a Patient Assistance Program that helps people who cannot afford their prescriptions.
One more minute...c'mon Gunners!!!!!!
Rep. Wachtmann thanks aide from House floor for keeping him out of jail. I don't know if she deserves thanks or scorn for that.
difficult takes a day. impossible takes a week! play on, playa.
FOLLOW MEE AND I WILL FOLLOW U BACC PLZZZZ
May Bama lose so profoundly as to never be mentioned in the state of TX again.
Having a fire tonight :) just what I need after a long stressful week #relaxing is the best medicine :)
Note that membership is not an assurance that you will get hired
Agree! RT : Thank you to 4 great insights at offsite today
remember...we're watching two counties for Westerville levy...tight in both Franklin and Delaware
BUT I WANT TO D: I dont even want to open it lmao.
it's the takeover homie
union pig & chicken (Pittsburgh)
Think your better then me? Well here's a gold star you condescending fuck.
Updating librarycopyright.net.
I hate making budget cuts
Camo-ed out, gettin it in at #thebasement SWAG
he'd care if he DIDN'T get it, i bet.
#1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad. Which would you like to own and why? Reading in sunlight or the dark?
Eh... I guess it didn't get promoted too well and it was prom night so lots of parents were busy. small crowd, big room = weird
how's your twitter action?
Our thanks to Ralphs/Food 4 Less (part of The Family of Stores) for their support of , a school readiness program
Tonight awesome show at the Whiskey! Come join me, 9pm!
I feel like the sleepiest girl in the world. Hope I crash super hard tonight!!
fingers crossed, be well
GORGEOUS MORNING! writing a HOT new song... ;) "Wildfire"
I hope Joffrey gets slapped again this week #GoT...Winter is still coming...
I feel like I've watched too much Beavis & butthead bc I still chuckle at the Cox commercials ...
I hate , going back to #Obama rhetoric. What are you even talking about? #Grassroots will #Overcome, we don't need you!
Why did I not know about colornote until now? Thx
yes will do :)
"#SchoolChoiceWeek is a ridiculous hashtag" yes, it is..#whoseideawasthat?
#WhyILoveYou because you deserve everything but expect nothing.
Can't wait to see tomorrow's NY Post cover. LOL.
Omg, only happens too me. Thank God for my student teacher.
is calling it a nite.g'nite fb family.God bless.
The resemblance is striking! Can I call you Beez?
haha you should have read my bio ;)
When I am older, I will have a little girl. I will name her Stacy. I will be Stacy's mom. I will have it going on.
I was golfing out in the sun all day and got way to crispy...
Your power lies in your people ties
How cool is salt '*' cmd.run "apt-get update" on 1000 machines at once?
I'm blue if I was green I would die if I was green, I would die
#301999 Im the one in the profile pic :) xox My name is Yatzil..
I pray that I listen to my inner voice and follow Gods will for me today
Gee, I've become the most fun/interesting person ever..... -_-
Markets rally on Italy downgrades. Really? When short cover push is over let's see what happens next.
RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19. I will be tweeting live from mission control.
They can't login without logging in, yes. To report, just email and point us to the spam.
Thank you for the follow :)
its so fun
turned in early today so i could pick my daughter up from babysitter and spend time with her.
The gym is my favorite place to meditate.
Zendaya is my all!! Bella thorne is flawless !
Hot Chelle Rae just made me like music a little less. I hope the damage is only temporary.
yuhh looked good
hey guys how was your day? my was boring i had school. but the only thing that kept me happy today was you guys. #PEACE&LOVE
are fun.
you better be
Fact: Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters "MT".
Happy Mothers' Day to all the mothers of the world. God bless you and enjoy your day!
Bathroom + twitter=heaven lol
A big shout out to the new followers!
JT Noone scores for extending the lead to 602 over with 11:40 left in the game
#raw I dream everday I could be part of your family ! Much love Ellie
I'll be the wedding coordinator and find sponsors for the magazine spread. Done and done.
love FCPX for organization and edit, but this finishing stage is a nightmare. It's designed to be soup to nuts. No OMF export.
Been over here adjusting, editing, and cropping all day!
Man I wanna shoot some at fitness.
Are you needing Great Graphic Design? Contact Galuwi Custom Wall Art Our goal is to provide inspirational imagery focusing on how we look a…
Well it's almost noon..... Who needs a beer?
lmao KG killed the hawks owner in that press conference.
Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
seriously, i thought you learned your lesson about tweeting and driving at the same time.
Hating on Big Ten =/= credible basketball analysis.
God morning byceps n triceps today
follow me I follow bck
Late night calls with the bestie >>> because we can't go a day without talking :)
No more strange messages or tweets, they say we can now tweet in peace. thank you all for sticking this out with us! #followthebuggy :-)
Hope everyone is having a blessed night
: what is your favorite moviee? :)
sensing is in nyc working w searching for the missing note, aka single for Act II. the force is strong w us
Morning twitter!!!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies talk back at the screen like the people in the movies really hear us..
could you explain crowdsourcing? Not entirely clear to me.
Good perspective.
M, can't wait to be #whitegirlwasted tonight
Doug Wilkin: digital textbooks & teacher.
#design+tech
hahaha... you crack me up.
yes that umbrella has been with me through a lot!
miss them at times but not Boston! Not Boston !
thats gotta feel good:-)
thank you
Such a luxury to spend a day with like-minded historians and preservationists at
I wouldn't lie to you!
Let's go to bayshore, dress like we just got done with volleyball practice, and spend money like it's New York.
Where's your uncle?
My mom is so fucking annoying, like what the fuck
where are you from love
And he loved me more than I could imagine, so I waited till he slept and I stepped into traffic.
Who says that??
I'll take ya when i go back to joisey.
Happy reading, editing & writing, the sun's about to give way to the moon in this part of the planet.
#swaar looking good! Question for participants: Who is gonna win?
ain't that the truth. I'm tired of fighting haters.
Almost lost my girl smh
Was wearing sparkly rhinestone Depends underwear tonight?
got lobster?
Awesome! Glad we could help ;-)
I'm glad to know! Have fun with your fam in Palmdale! I'm doing great as well :) Looking forward for a #Dodgers win tonight!
in Arizona they don't need a permit!
Tea Gift Ideas blog - working on getting that set up and working on Wordpress today.
(: awhh that is awesome!
Music Is The Only Thing That Keeps Me Occupied..I Have Nothing Else To Live For..
Can anyone say why there are empty seats behind one of the nets? Is it the rain or not many in Chicago?
Fun to speculate. I'll look for
My boy just made me a big bowl of veggies while I work on my research paper... love that man.
4 A's 3 B's, but my GPA dropped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I meant to send this earlier and got caught up: Congrats to for co-winning Vance award for excellence in Historical Research.
thanks for the mutual follow. :-)
Next time you update the homepage, add nickthink?
Why hasn't she been at school :(
Where was the DPOY on that cobradick slam?
yeah, too bad it's not mine...
Haha agreed. I strongly dislike Cyrus and think it just smacks of contrived awkwardness. Jeff felt true and right all around
Love the video that just featured at #tribecon!
Kroger is a jungle.
Thank you for the info sir, and congrats that's HUGE, ill have to check it out
That's a good one I didn't think of! :-)
Secret passion for the
Lord, please put a hedge of protection around the good folks in Dallas & the surrounding areas.
July need to come on
i was just thinking the same thing.
#SWEAR T.I and Tiny is the funniest show.
There is no need for additional in-home-diplays for future HAN systems IF you use smartphones for big analytics and energy infographics..
I will when I've got my hair & makeup done :)
i want tweet with u!!!!
Where do they put the gas stations?
He plays Depp really well. Lotsa folks do that. He's just kept his looks. People are comfortable with repetition.
Amazing show last night. Now tomorrow is Sleeping Giant and I need to give away some of this Maine merch...
can you please give a shoutout to ?? Please
lol see u always gotta turn it to negative it was positive...well then again u do look just like ya ma lmao
The look on people's faces while waiting at a bus stop is the same look children make when they can't have any candy.
Shower beer??
#Sourmilk is one of the sickest DJ's I have heard in a while.#LA is def in the house! Follow my twitter
challenge accepted!
It is apparently illegal for an unmarried woman to go fishing alone in Montana.
If i see one more group of dudes walkin around the streets wit jeans tighter than mine im going to scream!! c'mon son you must not be packin
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com - Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
thats very true you have to ask permision first
NFL suspends New Orleans Saints coaches, GM for 'bounties' on opponents In sweeping discipline that one analyst called "historic," New Or
Thank you so much for writing it!! You're awesome!! :)
Really don't feel like going into work for a meeting on my day off :P
We're T-Minus 3 hrs from our Launch Party! 9pm, 2nd lvl, Upper Decks Bar by the Hyatt. Stop by for swag & drink tix from & !
kso going over taybows house ina bit . then dance class . the i sleepover . then tomorrow we go to pal and she sleeps over . :)
Now offering 50-25% off at your favorite restaurants! Visit www.BestoftheBayTV.com/Shop for more details!
Alright. I'd even do Ale House, for old times sake haha
Someday maybe actual on-court results will trump "upside' to NBA scouts.
It's just a little rain! Downtowndallas party from 7-9....come rain or come shine! $5 mojitos anyone?
You're right. I think I'll have to write in "Dong" in 2012.
Who has Kik and wants to chat?
yeah, gotta get that together.
Witnessing some severe micro management bullshit. Wow. Glad I'm not the target... Yet? Eek.
@ Glad to know you are doing your civic duty and having a positive outlook at jury duty :)
Wow....a flat fucking tire...lol
I ready to win this game laugh have fun and go home!!!
Haha you classy tho well first impression Lmao n ayy atleast I know someone's reading my tweets Haha
true. that. haha nah, he just has a lot to learn *siigghh* -_-
Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime is tomorrow morning at 1030! Come on in for this great interactive program for your preschooler!
Anyone know what group was driving those wonderful classic & novelty cars on the Denali Road Lottery 9-19-11 (Monday)?
I love coming to planet fitness!
stupid idea
No, but I'll take whatever he can give us.
Excited for who is headed to this month!
Happy Turkey Day to all!! <3
Happy Birthday Amy Winehouse rip
#fridayreads Drop City by T.C. Boyle, Growing a Farmer by (review up Monday!) and Maple Sugar published by
Calypso, Circe, and Athena all spin fabric in the Odyssey. A domestic skill that represents chastity and sexual cunning and control...hm
Karma IU fans. Karma
LeBron aint want it..Wade pose to finish that smh
Anne Hathaway as Catwoman and Tom Hardy as Bane in the new Batman movie. I guess looks didn't go into the decision 0.o
#trsandswstour will this ever trend
Up bout to get me something to eat
#Notcool thunder, just so
Yeah Though,
give me a shout out fool! & tweet about Q-tip tonight! ;)
Positive thoughts and feelings today! We are one drop in a universe of many. #positive =
It's still surreal that the B's took the Cup! Unfortunately, I missed the game as I'm still in Austin. Let's hope they repeat!!
Somebody's house would have to be burned down at the end of every episode.
#OWS is the 2nd chance for to move radically to the #Left (crash of 2008 was the 1st) Will he take it?
there's a lot of things i don't want to remember...
I am super spoiled.
RT : Watching #MBA students do some field research at Opening Residency by playing tennis!
Oh no! It's Monday!? RT : To cure those #Monday blues, head over to for some cold brew coffee!
Thank you! We realized the need to have our very own page with all the concerts we are bringing that are not
RT : Chinese host family lunch @ Incredible Pizza...good times!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
Omg I'm your girlfriend !! Not her !
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness!
Had a really good day and drank a lot of tea. The caffeine will keep me up for a couple more hours, probably. Glad I have no a.m. plans Wed.
Whoa, congrats!!!
Nice day so far.
Just letting ya'll know we back in business. Second album is in the works!! Stay tuned for news on shows. Peace
I don't care about your "accomplishments". If you were that accomplished, you wouldn't either. Certainly you wouldn't keep mentioning them.
if there's a devil , than there must be a GOD .
Cool! My check came today! Doing happy dance. That's my crazy, excited face--> :D
you're going to have so much fun!! And of course I'll come visit! That would be so much fun! :)
You sound like you are feeling better! (nachos with hot sauce?!)
that's amazing <3 I'm so proud of you!
For all your Love & Sacrifice and being there when we need You-Mom's your the Greatest-HAPPY&BLESSED MOTHERS DAY TO YOU-THANK YOU!!!!
Wow this penalty shootout is intense between RM and Bayern.
thanks for the recommendation! Come for some wine and cupcakes tomorrow from 1-2
there are like 5 million birds in my backyard-guess they like the new #birdfeeder!
Steve Novak is underrated
Which one homie?
I love when all 4 of us hang out!
I don't know if I could survive a holiday without abc family.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates you
Thanks for the Intro! ------ Awesome person #1 (Leo) meet Awesome person #2 (Cara)! :
RT : Wake the fuck up & play your damn game, & Bynum!
#whatifindattractive guys who can make me laugh & smile C: my kind of guy
3D modulation-doping strategy With new design, bulk semiconductor proves it can take the heat. Thin-film process boosts bulk alloy's ther
WHAT? Not serious. what happened
Ah, Fishermans Wharf. Oh, it's just the L'Enfant Plaza Metro Station.
I dont wanna >:(
have you looked into a pell grant?
Broke the ton on the Whale this am at 34-degrees. felt damn good!
no problem man, good song!
Falling in love is like jumping off a building. Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
thats what's up bro! #GrindHard! I decided to hang up the cleats. I knew it was my time. I have a new gig so I'm straight.
out in LA
Thanks for #FF!! Hope you have a wonderful weekend:)
Hello i will teach you ...am back home tomorrow and we can come with hushtags of your choice and tweet
When my phone vibrates thinking its a text but its just a twitter notification <<<<
Will Muschamp: U Mad Bro
Thanks and crew for the #entrepreneurs meetup last night!
Just got back home playing #BF3 my shit lol :) and texting :) <3
I did it! I changed my twitter handle. I'm now Crazy = 3 twitters, so now I'm just me and Keepin it simple.
Girls love a superhero guy. So the best sex move is to cum in your hand, throw it at her and jump out the window: like Spiderman would do!
Thanks a ton for your support!
Pie chart of time spent in my life says: 38% sleeping, 25% eating, 2% yawning, and 40% waiting on Tasha. Somehow all of that is 100% correct
ok I'm gonna have nightmares now.
Sure, *now* dinosaurs are cool, but when they existed they were dreadfully unhip.
I wanna go swimming this summer. Too bad im without a pool.
#MyCelebCrushIs does count? Cz hes one of mine i have 2 justin bieber :D
Heading over to the Dallas Museum of Art tonight to listen to Colum McCann talk about writing "Let The Great World Spin"
- Registered, look fwd to another fun #TweetUpIdol. Trying to recruit a few folks like who has to check w his agent.
summer cold.
I do not mean that I am already as God wants me to be. I have not yet reached that goal, but I continue trying to reach it Philippians 3:12
PickUpLine: If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by morning
Watch your mouth you filthy minded prick!
"Yalls bathroom is dirty as hell. That is ridikalus! (ridiculous)- Black girl from the gas station
thanks for the follow. I'll be back on LA tuesday. I'd like to connect with you. LMK if we can make that happen
crack heads
Save yourself some time...put a phone number on your email. Otherwise, I will be at your desk until I get answers.
PUT THIS ON ITUNES OMFGGG<3
These mobile homes are so structurally sound and energy-efficient that they could potentially increase in value.
happy bday! now go back to sleep.
People will hate you, shake you, rate you, and break you, but how strong you stand, is what makes you
would that be the Joyce Hotel?
What's to discuss? CD would be a disaster; BF can win; NF has a better chance. Disagree?
Ladies and Gentlemen: I have a BREAKING NEWS story.....well, not really hahaha.........night all.....z
The ironic thing is SF has won all season with great special teams.
That might actually be a good landing spot. 44 mil owed to him, though...and he's been a mess....
word...140 Characters ain't enough to have this deep convo man...we need another starbucks/timmies session!
Unreal how many times the Flyers pushed the net off
When I was a kid, I used to talk in front of the fan just to hear my robot voice.
taking my 9 year old son to NYC for the first time. What show should we take him to?
Austen. No one cares about pudding.
I'm having a low key day and I love it. Wish I could sit by the fireplace here in the store and work though.
Wow, this Ohio State-Wisconsin game has had quite the finish!
Happy New Year! We resume regular store hours, Monday Jan.3
then you had nothing to lose by asking her out
I haven't in nearly a year, ma.
Is it Pon Farr time already?
Giving notice-This needs to be done in a respectful and sensible way.
hii. Please follow me!(:
Thanks for helping spread the news about #ChildrensDay tomorrow!
Moment of silence for #Linsanity 's season.
Good night twittlestars. I'm not gay I promise.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love. ---Henry Ward Beecher
You going to event tonight, #LDAROI? I'll be there. Taking notes, of course.
WE WILL LOVE TO BE PART OF YOUR 212 UP COMING PROJECTS!!!!!!
Had a dream a had a daughter......tf is the world cmoing to?
Amazing show with
That's right everyone, ADORE ME! :-D RT #Virgo are perfectionists and love to be adored.
my itouch signs me on and off. I'm barely on oovoo. Don't go there. :|
#passivecandidates lets talk about your value in the #opensource market
Ice my wristsess' then on piss on bitches
Don’t settle with a networking group of 30-40 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees. Join us at www.SmartGuy.com .
including nights & weekends.
Cue the "I'm cancelling my account" empty threats.
btw hanks for the great review!!
Fundraising tips from Karen Price-Ward of : Brainstorm. File Away, Online. Align to Cause. Make Lasting Impressions
Music journalists please contact me via mail ... I have 2 shows I can't shoot ... Must b able to travel during the week PLEASE ... By plane…
Celebrity Apprent tonight?
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG! Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Last two standing #bitchimonthesouthside wit <U+270C>
Same as silverfish.
#WorstRapLineEver "It's soo hot up in the club, that I ain't got no shoes on"- Hurricane Chris
I'm talking to myself again...Em thinks i'm strangee.
greatly! I'll text you.
good luck on your webinar on Wednesday! If it wasn't at 2am I'd join :)
ahh. thought your profile said you were a marketing prof at southern living. maybe next week? lunch? souper jenny's?
where does it say "ban" in text of prop?
Good! NPM has a dog album on Pinterest. Right up your alley.
Ricasa is also here for #Sweetwater statutory hearing today. Attny's have gone into judge chambers.
This black metal bands sells tote bags at its merch table. The last thing I'd expect to see at a metal show. bit.ly/brHSD
The Brown Sack, goose island root beer float.
much love!!
it happened. Check the hashtag.
really? i get pork belly at whole foods all the time....
It's the summer time....that means National Geographic and Animal Planet and History Channel AL DAY
I think many Oregonians of a certain age will answer readily picking fruit or veggies on a farm; mine was picking beans.
The Belden Stratford would like to welcome aboard our new leasing agents Jill and Dima! We all look forward to working with you!
Listening to quadjacks.com for the last couple hours or so. Got a good buzz going now and still cussing the DOJ.
thanks so much...it did...looking forward to great things!
all man baby all man
I'll be there! RT : The #HungerGames opens in theaters tonight! Get the inside scoop on the film with our exclusive cast...
LOL since that last tweet, i ended up just writing a new blog post altogether. Hope you're having a great day!
You will be one of those people whose face never ages, I bet! That's lucky! :)
at work we keep an entry in our hosts files that points java.sun.com to a local server with the necessary files. Keeps us working.
Believe it or not, 's makes GREAT choc chip cookies! And 3/$1 is a nice little snack & price :+D
#spinningcliff cliff is sleeping in this am. U gotta send me some updates on terreculas
did you know? when a link is posted in twitter, hootsuite displays the link with a + next to it. preview photos & video right in your stream
ooh which one?
you would find a Sheboygan Twitter. And watch
My friend Rosa has breast cancer, she just told me. I'm sad & worried. Please send a prayers. Why does it always happen to the good ones?
It's like Espy wants to loss this game. Set Arenado home on a short pop fly to center; left Riordan in after giving up 3 runs in the 7th.
Scooping the ocean critters
I think I spoiled the Buns. Three new toys this week!<3 my #houserabbits!
Every body counting Melo out but its cool. Watch him work
10 players from IMPROV 4 KIDS here at Times Square Arts Center getting ready to do TWO shows at the same time for different school groups!
'S DO YOU PLAY EM??
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
If Macy's doesn't have my size in this shirt tomorrow and I have to trust that a $120+ purchase will deliver on time, I'll kill myself.
On my way back to Btown for the first time by myself!
Help this new band to get up to and past 1300 followers a new and fucking amazing band at the loft poughkeepsie 9/30
I don't see one... had never occurred to me before today that this could be a problem
According to a new study, restless, moody toddlers are more likely to grow up to become problem gamblers (compared to other toddlers)
In a recent survey at a leading teaching hospital, 'over 60 per cent of medical students were found to be marijuana users.'
How is your League season going?
Game of Thrones marathon watching session.
We sent an email with details on a test build for your iOS 5 device. Thanks for testing!
#SeventhDayAdventist Never seen a Saturday morning TV show. :)
RT : Close Friends <U+2192> Crush <U+2192> Relationship <U+2192> Heartbroken <U+2192> Barely Friends <U+2192> Strangers.
currently prepping for the French lesson I'm teaching at 3.30 and continuing work on my packing list for Paris.
Do not use Beatrice Sniders group... money, perpetuate, delay, money
Still don't understand why Lee Ann Rimes doesn't like video games.
"I don't know what it is about you. Maybe the way nothing matters when we’re talking, or how you make me smile more than anyone else has."
Marketing library services: "Right place. Right person. Right time."
for the glasses contest how do you know if you win??
*elbows* it's greek.
so many great ideas, time mgmt, goal setting and finding time to do it all while working full time. I am my worst enemy
That question is in the same ilk as "Why isn't Boston College OLine U anymore?"
S/O the homie
DMed ppl but their not not replying. :/ <U+E408>
Best part of the fall: soup. Worst part of the fall: not having opposable thumbs.
he never checks it. right ? Cant wait!
will you be at ?
4.5 hours in and one of the teams says they have 2 minutes of music and words complete...tick tock goes the clock...
do you remember where you threw my shoes =)
for me to truly appreciate this, I have to see you on the mower!
Thanks for RT! Important legislation!
Bet u I won't fail to get another iPhone case Again!!!!?! Lol!!!! Horrible!
hahahah cute :) messes up your hair hahha
Whenever I'm at the dentist.. There's always ugly people here lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Whats your #1 place you want to travel this year?
#IfICouldIWould bring world peace.but hey I'm not a miracle worker.
Don'pt forget to choose and pay for shipping in your hop rhizome pre-order too!
: "The more I did the more I carried. Books, houses, lovers, lives, all piled up on my back...I can lift my own weight."
"All things appear and disappear because of the concurrence of causes and conditions. Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is...
We think you're amazing, too!
Joy Street Studios in Somerville has some amazing artists.
bo #Broncos!!! haha
So shambly. So so so shambly.
Awesome job, Jackson band!
oh come on. 3 hits including a homer. What more do you need?
"Smashing Pumpkins." "Homer Simpson, smiling politely."
thx for awesome link such fun! loved you on #TheMentalist killer facial hair made me laugh been a fan from
Not easy. I mostly speak to ideas behind form and how I see the buildings. There can be a warmth to them.
We just learned that the White House reserved 5 seats for union members for #Barnard2012. Very classy!
I'm sorry to great that :/ hope it heals fast! c:
what's up luv
Ooc its me! Savannah! Lol Daniel asked me to cover for him for 10 minuets and i forgot to go to my other account xD
Bet that, but by time I be like "thats Day?", u b on ya way down the hill lol
Petrino had an affair with an AD employee, then hired that employee/mistress to work for him directly. No way he survives
Hey, good friend drob, thanks for the mention...come to class you can make your own pie !!! :)
I ran into a group of kids trick-or-treating last night. Cute!
Per ACTA report, there has been far less investment in instruction, compared to administration from FY'04 to FY'10.
Digital strategy: roadmap based on shared understanding built through dialogue across inst, especially board
Global Partners in Health. Nat'l: Community Health Centers. Local: Open Door Family Medical Centers.
Competition & excellence in DC design is good for all--convince's clients design is a worthwhile investment with competitive +s
great weekend with and no twitter jayne
yeeeaaaahhhh probably not since you gave me the whole plot line
Tomorrow's 10pm #SFF TheatreSports format: Make 'Em Laugh! The audience awards points to the team that chucks the most yucks. RSVP: 259-9999
Fuck you, beer commercials, for trying to tell me what's manly
We chillin watching star wars
best believe I want your "D" Haha Lmfao
Oh, so i'm invisible to you now? Cool. I've always wanted a fucking superpower.
#FF for healthier environments (via )
As a wise man once said, "I just hit my 1,000th tweet. That's 7,000 in dog tweets."
Yeah reppin 414 on MKE Day #JordanBrandCassic Watch it now on ESPN :) JP scored the first 6 of the game
#Crew96 will announce a post-match Cam'ron coming home concert after #SLC. Gonna be real.
Hahahahaha! That's awesome! U need to go! I feel like a brand new person ;)
didnt bring it with me! sowwwyyyy
Not too many drivers with a happy holiday spirit huh?
rap video being filmed it an open moving uhaul on carson
playing a countdown of beasties songs in memory of MCA seriously tore at my heartstrings :(
I'm Gonna tweet all day tomorrow so you guys better prepare:)
Safe travels!
Ant thats the reason it will never happen again! Lol
preshhhh :) i love you too, andrew :D
We will keep you updated!
#betterwithdetroit Rocked! I think Mom had more fun than kids!
learning lines for tonights filing rehearsals of Kahn Liquor
John was the better athlete.
but you must've felt something to look him up. I'm sure he has so many regrets.
Saturday, June 18th #BeautifulDisaster "The Fashion Show" ft at
That's a metric shit-ton of transportation plans!
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage."
I Wana See Battleship , Avengers , And Think Like A Man
#808Pride the world need to change help change it one step@ a time
lol love it :)
OSO is at 170th in the Pepsi Refresh campaign. Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
#sun7 the young teen mum interviewed by did really well on the show and made some valuable points. Good on her!
welcome! Have an awesome weekend!
Performing tonight with at the Ottobar in Baltimore!
Heading 2 Balboa Park to meet up w/ Chris b4 the show 2nite Come out 2 Soda Bar. Chris Garneau. Mananaland. Ryan Blue. It's the shit yo! 930
yea cause Jeremy will b bck by that time :) and he can rest asqsoon as he gets home Friday night :)
Hiring Opportunities for Full/Part time #paralegal positions! For more contact Career Services 216-432-8948/
foresight at its finest
ms dawn gave such a cute speech at dance. i couldve cried
We can go no where but up, from here, my dear<U+2665>
So far the #FlopOfFame is: Every Celtic ever, LeBron, DWade & Blake Griffin. I need more names! Who else is a top flopper?
indeed! And thx for the follow !
dddaaaaam that ass so fat make a nigga studder
You should invent a camera phone feature that takes pictures while you're in deep, deep slumber.
GTG! EXam time
Kansas gave good fight but missed dunks freethrows turnovers are game killers. How many from Kentucky are going pro. Great
The girls in all these perfume commercials are stunning.
When I think of moving I'm thinking yay he's moving closer to me!!! ;) ...... Then I'm like but what about Alex and the crew?!
I got tickets for the 2013 US tour(: I can't wait for you guys to come to Chicago(:
I humbly and hungrily volunteer for 'making fun of stuff' duty.
To many margaritas. Not my fault I had a Mexicano cab driver.
Especially since their station's initial report on #MadisonPrep had THE WRONG MEETING TIME AND PLACE.
Thanks! Looking forward to a great post-game celebration March 9th! MT Congrats Comets for making it to the MISL Playoffs!!!
yea... I know the feeling! I'm the same way!
Learning one thing aday keeps the doctor away.
it's not about who's right, wrong or better. It's about having faith in something greater than ourselves.
I'm feeling a little Hispanic. New Cover Song posting today!
Problem with that guess is '99 was on ABC, yesterday was ESPN.
Lost two dear girlfriends in 2011, both 31, one to cancer and one to a really rare disease. Will the rest of my life be measured in deaths?
YUP RT so we good
LOOKING FORWARD TOITALIAN FESTIVAL THIS WEEKEND. COME AND LETS PAINT ROCHESTER RED WITH LOTS OF ITALIAN VINO! COME AND JOIN ME !!!LOTS OFFUN
To my mind, the key with Cage is to call it down the middle and not be caught up in historically informed performance, so to speak.
In Music Meeting- Surfer Blood “Swim” A lot of BIG STAR in this Rachael confesses again to being obsessed with it
half full of wine;)
So when i sleep i breathe thru my nose and when my stepdad wakes me up he holds my nose fpr me to wake up :c
I Guess . LMAO .
do you think they care? of course not. they will continue to sprout the same old anti-islamic rhetoric no matter what.
Thanks for the opportunity to provide feedback via your survey. Question 3 is vague. Who would be replacing the SS?
Ah ABC/ESPN, fresh air compared to those Deep-Fried SEC bias broadcasts on CBS.
“:Missing someone you once had is like removing a ring youve worn for a very long time. It feels like its still there but its not”
I LOVE when I see this on a food label - made in a peanut free factory!
Why must I love you so much when right now I should really hate you <//////3
Thanks for the #ff shout out!
Honcho lifestyle tip #16 - Stick with the green. Not the black or the grey or any of that other shit.
are you still comping? If so you are brilliant, your work is stellar! If you are done, I hope you are eating good food & watchin tv
Muriel - I read it and felt violent agitation
it feels amazing to work at a michelin star restaurant ! alot of hard work paied off today!
Thanks for the RT : )
not what I wanted to hear, lol...bad hair happens to often for me!
DM me your name and number and I'll call you regarding credit...
The husband knew him from their teaching together in WA. At a visit to Still's studio, he fell in love with one painting but ...
CONGRATS!! Wonderful news! So happy for you!!
Legal rules: liability for losses, termination rights, enforcement mechanisms, warranties, dispute resolution, measure of damages
“: totes rocking the ricky's-do today #obsessedalreadyOMG” it's about to be the new top knot of sf
an even better start would be waxin you in 2K12
This doctors office never seems to have their stuff together.
make moves then fag
Today will be one of the busiest days of my entire life.
WRAPUP 3-Surge in Canada condo starts fuels bubble talk
awww, nice choice! RT Bride just walked down the aisle to "blowers daughter". Where are you Damian Rice?? The world needs you!
Great to work w/
Welcome (back) to twitter!
Google sure takes a long time to de-index a website that you've completely taken offline.
Heading to the #Studio!
True that! RT : Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
Alzheimer prevention... Remote access Windows VM using a MacBook.
“: Ok what the hell was that....”lmao!!
at some point will research papers even exist anymore... won't every idea have been thought
one of the more interesting challenges facing a growing business... when to scale & how.
Not a problem I luv all Steelers fan unconditionally.
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief. Kant
If ANYONE you know needs tickets for #BrewCityStompDown2012 they need to get in touch with us TODAY!!!! LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Good morning tweeter with inspiration!
Hey you. I'll be in MKE this Sunday. If you're free, I'd like to hang at Bayview Bar Sunday night.
Amazing how we're the only ones who made it to Dallas from NYC. Weather here is horrible - one big sheet of ice. Good luck getting in
I'm sorry, but I DID love the Monkees. RIP Davy, you'll be missed...
Thanks for the great info at the FICA convention. Looking forward to working with you
Ok. I think I'm mentally prepared to see Titanic again.
Neil Degrasse Tyson FTW. He just dropped a Rubik's cube on the Daily Show like you drop a mic.
I don't know who opened up this free Android Hotspot on this Deutsche Bahn train, but it's teh awesome. Produktivität!
You Can't Always Think Something By What You See On Twitter...Hoes Be Tryna Mess Shit Up
RT : dude it's eden from kansas city's birthday today () do the right thing :)
lol I plan on it!
god dammit, that's awesome!!!!!
damn bro idt i can drive that far im at my moms
Folks ask us how to connect/engage customers. We share the 1st Commandment "Know thy audience." That's how great relationships start.
I wonder what wants as a graduation present? Cash or crew juice lol
Hope u see my last question im super curious now!! ha but Good Night...DEVILS GAME Tomorrow!!
Great Neil Lane product placement at it's best. Kinda hate Courtney.
Pats Broncs are not available and either is Young...unfortunately
New seasons always bring new smells. What are some of the wonderful (or unpleasant) things you have sniffed out in your travels?
- The best line = There is something comforting about seeing a cat curled up on a chair amongst rows and rows of books.
So much for going to sleep.
talks about the programs being simple and informal. This is key. Play! Experience it on their own terms!
Three people are to blame for the Bears loss today - Jennings, Martz & Hanie! terrible game management and Jennings shoulda had 3 picks!
Seriously think I'm addicted to raspberries. Ate over a pound & a half today
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Help a stranger today, pay it forward, it will be rewarding in more than one way!!!
Ohio Gourd Society will be selling their gourd art and crafts this Sat. and Sun. 10am - 5pm in the Atrium.
#MelanieAmaro is the champ just as I said she would be. I'm glad America knows God given gifts and talents.
my computer is being SLOW!!! I can't watch it )':
Benefit for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society tonight for one of my all time radio heroes, Rhubarb Jones. Very honored to take part!
I thought it was Shirtless Saturdays?
I'm beat today.. But it's Friday and I had a long week and it's almost and it's DADDY DAUGHTER WEEKEND!! So I'm good
That was some GREAT TACKLING yesterday. Rest up.
YEA stuupid butt heads
Still out n about
Good morning. It's Friday. Any big plans for the weekend?
For doing nothing all day long, I sure am tired.
BIBLE VERSE FOR TODAY: I let the peace of God rule in my heart and I refuse to worry. Colossians 3:15
Kobe gon miss
I love you you fing rock!!!!
Headache is kicking today! But not stopping me. Today is the day to be GREAT!
I just came in my mouth. Wait, that doesn't work. Let me get back to you.
asked last night for council update on demolition of South Bay Power Plant. Looks like owner Dynegy's going bankrupt.
have no idea, but she hurts my ears, haha
It's been over a month since I wrote a song. These things just hit. My latest was done in the last 15 minutes. It's spooky distortion neat:)
So, so sad...R.I.P Whitney Houston. What a talent. My thoughts go out to her daughter & family.
At the Old Dominion Boat Club for a rock show ... and that's pretty much all there is to say. \m/
say somethin' baby don't be so shy. ((;
- Music express feelings that words cannot... :-)
Ok you're a goon, what's a goon to a gobblin
Hey #lazyweb, what's the current hotness for mifi in the US (device and provider)?
staying in San Diego this year. I'll reset my reminder for Friday! You have to tell your fam I said hi.
Long Ding and Third round punter jokes continue Yuk Yuk
Plant (Dean) and Page (Sam) from Led Zepplin again in Bedtime Stories
Book a craft party for 4 or more anytime in April, get $10 off! Party just needs to be booked in April but can be scheduled for anytime!
How many bags did your wife walk out of the store with ? :)
Robin Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1990 for Awakenings. That movie made me sad.
#FF Fight for Air Climb friends
from the Wichita Tor Emergency Text: MASS DEVASTATION IS HIGHLY LIKELY MAKING THE AREA UNRECOGNIZABLE TO SURVIVORS.
Congrats to the Mavs!! Yeah we did it Baby!! <3
Carmine playing Just Dance Kids awww
Can you give me a #ShoutOut? :}
RT : thanks enjoy your tweets
My friend won't text me back
eating ice cream u?
Our most cranhammery birthday wishes to the Queen of the San Diego scene,
Let me find euphoria
the rainbow.. :)
gives the best rides to class 3 minutes before it starts...
If the San Antonio Spurs win the NBA championship, I hope makes a joint for it!
"You need to get an iPad! It can do ................. and read books" *looking horrified* "I just want to read!"
Thanks for the RT, Ellis
United Rentals Completes Acquisition of RSC Holdings
then Mac Miller- Cold Feet
Hey twits
i hope wartford leaves IU for some reason, hate that guy
I'm going back to YouTube to continue listening to Trespassing until I fall asleep. c:
but also will be technological history , e.g. history of Microsoft Word
is thrilled to see Lady Gaga speak out against Bullying at the White House! Our Foundation Helps Bullied Kids!
Interesting - Theo chocolate is named after the scientific name of the cocoa tree
I love how many people walking past the store front stop and do a double take.
haha I wanted Russell Wilson so badly but Moore is another guy I like
No more duckface in your photos!
Spontaneous streak is on tonight. Check out www.citystreak.com for details
I do think Nic Batum is just trying to gain leverage by stating he will sign with the first team that offers him a contract.
a lot of niggas did
I couldn't deal with other humans this afternoon--just had all my extrovert power sucked out somehow (not that I ever have much) so, reading
Hm, I wonder if Nadal is going to come back...
Long day at work? Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour! $2 domestic drafts, $4 #highballs and MORE!
I wonder who got that card for her...cuz im doin bad this year.
yeah he's tall
Where the heck is my guy Joe Tessitore on FNF???? This broadcast is wack
Hey DC, Rick Santorum's at the Supreme Court right now, so if you need any women's health advice, run on over.
I heard u were doing good & you heard I'm doing better. <U+E405>
MOAR CONTENT “: If you're in a panel and you spend more than 10 seconds intro'ing yourself, I wonder if you hate me. #SXSW”
Enjoy the game!
it could also be that "You're using IE9" bug too. =)
no, that's the point
thanks, you too!
thanks! I fixed things.
Off to see Kara!!! EEk!!! Then dinner with Gina(heaven!)
Yes sir.
Thanxx for the S/O :)
Can't wait for Ozzfest 2010!
#ff new aviation friends
Tried over 30 plates from the cold & hot plates, Robata grill, and sushi/sashimi/rolls from last night. Amazing! Opens Tues!
#Tebowgottradedfor a six pack of Heineken and 4 Slim Jim's
Study: Your Facebook Personality is the Real You
What is Drake really sold out?? Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yay #rg3...the system does work
Tell Me Why Teachers Stalk Our Facebooks Then Talk Bout Uss There So #Childish . :(
i wish i was #TeamTaken like my bestie. This is totally unfair. is Josh mad at me?
I think unless an ending is truly horrendous, it doesn't stick with you as much.
apple and intel just vowed to stop using conflict minerals 20 mins ago #freeandfair. keep pumping #SpecialEnvoy www.fallingwhistles.com
glad to see we made the cut :)
Ima have a major bangover tommoro im sore already. I went so hard in the pain i ripped my fuckin pants man..
Can't stop listening to Glee's versions of Whitney songs & Payphone by Maroon 5.
Woo-hoo!! Just had a call with the Chicago Tribune. I hope the rest of my week can live up to this awesome Monday. :-D
Catch this? : What if life is all about beautiful patterns of information interacting w/ each other in beautiful ways?
I'm going to Bamboozle but I can't see you play cause I'm 15 ugh
when people talk back to the tv ...
Debate begins on the Westside Subway. I'm told it's a packed room. Metro staff making their case for a route that would run inder BH High.
Our guest for CBS's Xfinity Monday Live :30 will be former Denver Bronco Ed McCaffrey. He will be talking with Vic about Peyton Manning...
Just interviewed Levi Aron's lawyer. He insists his client is insane. Watch at 5:30pm and I'll tell you how he thinks he'll prove that...
RT RT : "A non-writing writer is a monster courting insanity."— Franz Kafka
I'm jamming out to "Lovers & Friends". This song can never get old:)
#smash is really starting to suck.
#DASER Comfort: "elegance in science conotes ideas of simple beauty -- the opposite of elegance is brute force."
": Selena is on. I love this movie!" I'm watching it too!
Hi Jay! Have a lovely day. :)
We certainly hope so....looking forward to watching the show! :-)
cool lol i didn't realize NE was so big over here.
Think I'm going to try and punch out a blog post about this whole viral video thing today if I've got time.
thank you! We appreciate the support!
or else what? lol
Working in mobile and app design and development? Wanna work for a global footwear/apparel company? Hit me up.
Steve Hutchinson is a Titan - 3 years 16 million
Jui may get bashed for this but I love katy and firework, lame vid tho
There was a point were veryone wanted me, But I chose you, Now no one wants me, Funny isn't it.
rihanna That's right Ri..go make that money to stunt on them haters :-)
;) I will study and prepare myself, and someday my chance will come. Abraham Lincoln
How do u like your Kindle Fire?
9 puppies ready to sell. German Shepards/Golden Retriever.
#PlacesYouShouldntBreastFeed: The grocery store. They already sell milk there.
We love u Drake!
would make it worthwhile to 'blow the rent' as it were *S*
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! We hope you have a lovely day with your loved ones!
Screaming "I HAVE NO CLOTHES" at your overflowing wardrobe...
So inspired by Martin Sexton's show last night!!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u ask da same shit over n over n over
..ANY FINANCIAL INFO! PROTECT YOURSELF, FEEL ME? -Stronodelarosa
Wishing you and yours a happy and safe new year!
#TaxAdviceTuesday Tax Tip for the Fancy #3: Kill. Warren. Buffett.
Suzy plz let your dad know Mr. Kenneth Barr Passed in an auto accident Mar. 16, 2012. On route 20 near Hancock Ma.
We enjoyed meeting your Raleigh partners at the Home Show on Friday!
hey I heard you were a wild one.
but what you are really saying is that you did own some #preds gear. Did you hear that ?
I absolutely love your voice!
This new year I'm going to delete facebook and get new friends sick of the people of my past
He cuts their scholly. They don't make it to senior year.
I'm still here! & got an approval for my logo design !! feelin alrite
Tim #Tebow's dog, Bronco, will be getting his name changed: "I guess we can change it to Bronx."
just sent you our new white paper on nonprofit online impact, I look forward to chatting!
Thanks! Happy to be here at !
let's see if my "to be early" resolution sticks. #lent ps. What happens in Vegas doesn't count against lent! :) have fun!
Ah! Thats the absolute worst!!! Feel better!
Follow like real talk!
about to make some mexican bbq, life is good on a rainy sunday.
#FF #Patriots working 2 correct the error; Obama, our
I don't understand the comparison. Do you mean the yowling?
Why do people keep randomly tweeting me "if Urlacher wants a ring he may have to reconsider" So random, it's like targeted spam.
I hope is at school today
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
I'm sad I wasn't able to come to the LA Actors Tweetup.
2hr delay yes...
I'm a Louisville fan.
The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you you you you you you you you you and... you
As somebody who'll benefit greatly from 's ability to teleport, I offer this whole-hearted endorsement of her proposal.
Enjoying some champagne and cookies I got at Byrd today, happy happy valentines!
there is no way I can run 26.2 on June 4!
ok guys srry i wasnt online much last night its just that ive been going to mexico everyday lately im going again today lik in an hour
You'll probably never find them and die alone, but they're out there
You know, it would have made sense to have all our forms use the same basic design and code, but no...
thanks for all your hard work guys- watching crap so others don't have to.
If in the same breath you're telling those people not to even bother trying to go there.
U.S. 101 open to travel both directions on the Astoria-Megler Bridge after early-morning fatal traffic crash
reviewing my LinkedIn contacts. I really need to remove people I haven't spoken to in years.
now that my keys have been found and order has been restored, shoutout to a fun ass shitshow cinco
Thanks Charlie Sheen. You make us all look like Mormons by comparison. M.
Today is canned food day & I'll be tipping u off to the best Fair food spots. Anybody want to share their fave?
it was AMAZING. I highly highly recommend them.
Val my dear friend would you mind if I borrowed "you ain't bout that life ™"?
I don't know about you, but I want James to come home :)
Well hello :) I'm well.. how are you?
Today is actually a good day; I have no homework, my math teacher isn't here and I have dance class later today #awesomeness :-* mwah lol
GLBTQ books by author of color.
Shoot Em Up is a pretty cool Gun-Fu movie.
uhmmm can you email me yr exam prep? That would be much appreciated and i would probably pass that class...
hello loveysssssss :D
RT - New Orleans Saints at Jacksonville Jaguars kicking off at 1:00 PM ET
The dark side. I've been working there for four months. Amazingly insightful experience.
Great interview with Ron!
enjoying the evening. full of good food cooked on the grill and watching "fellowship of the ring" with the family.
thanks for the follow
Good Morning and TY for the RT!! Today I live by choice! #Gratitude & #Serenity! #RecoveryWarriorsRock!
I guess it hard for some people not to be the spitting image of thier broken daddys
I seriously havent laughed alot & and really hard in a long time until today .
What a rebound!
UL and UK could sell out the Superdome by themselves. It's going to be crazy in New Orleans. Think Mardi Gras part 2 and 3
my mom bought me some italian salvatore ferragamo shoes. :'D
Can't wait to cop the KNICKS IVs
just won a season family pass to at #AYP2012 auction.
What is the #1 thing you think a person can do to improve as a coach?
No judgments, I'm an anthropologist too. You do what you gotta do to get the sausage made, so to speak :)
Break dancing at living social
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Bridgestone continues to refine and expand Run Flat tyres range - Etyres
LOL "after all these yrs". I'm still here. Just cuz I haven't RT as much doesn't mean I left. Still reading all ur updates :)
I'm being offered Peyton Hillis & Julio Jones for Steven Jackson & Anquan Boldin. Should I do it?
... Rollin' with the hommies B-Dazzle (that is now your thug name) In the Escalade!
"To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible." ~St. Thomas Aquinas
Patients we all must practice it.
when my boyfriend wakes up early to get me Starbucks <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> >>>
great! Keep us posted! “: excited to have an event in Denver this Friday night... #trauma #denver #military ”
DJ Willie I am following you hit me up on the follow. www.allsportsshopping.com.
Have a great trip! Thanks for using MKE.
i am going to run the Carlsbad 1/2 marathon on jan 22
Teaching a VTSP Boot Camp for the next couple of days with THE Chris Romano.
Yuck. I was sick flying to SAN a couple weeks back. Took my ears about 16 hours to pop.
Yea I got a girl but yo mom can cook for me any day
Guess what dude :) !
Congrats for finishing today's Marine Corp Marathon. It was great seeing you in DC.
yea yea yea
Very cool idea. In Boise, this would have to be run by CCDC, since they are the only agency with access to TIF funds.
Thanks for the s/o... keep doing what you do!
Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass.
Wish you could be here too. Stay tuned for updates with
KENTUCKY WILDCATS LOVE YOU!! Can I get a RT
cant wait until gifs from the performance are in tumblr! :D
I Love when i goto twitter and i have a couple new followers :D makes me feel SPECIAL c:
I miss u!
I've been cyberbullied. People kept reporting me on facebook and getting me shut down. Heck, I was bullied in kindergarten
My thoughts exactly! Smh
What's the difference between good and evil? We want to hear your voices.
happy birthday :) hope you have a great day!
Dear girl next to me..can you back off my shit? Grab some bench.
The magical/unbelievable moment when tweets.
A low moisture content and a surface that is not porous makes porcelain less prone to water absorption than other tiles.
Finally headed home..
The #recordlabel thing is getting closer! Gonna be something Artists never heard of before!
What can the SS&Si Dealer Network do for you? Call us at 866.364.0030!
Hahaha calligraphy was way harder than I thought!<U+E337>
According to , live on the scene, there's a Georgetown Cupcakes being built in Boston.
Three simple steps to financial success - Globe and Mail
Of course we've noticed. And the feeling is mutual.
: Yankees Win, OH YEAH! :) --its the mariners, whaddya expect??
best twitter account going right now
“: Lundqvist vs Brodeur - who's going to blink first?” Neither..they don't have eyes
Does my link for legislation work?
Enter to win the Great Milwaukee Family Getaway from ! Worth more than $1,300 (Includes admission The Domes!)...
wearing fishnets with shorts?
Yes, I'm a girl. Yes, I watch football and yes, I yell & scream at the TV as if the coaches & players can hear me. Let's go Jets!!!
At the Apple Store; love it!!!
not yet! But I'm going to!
the fitness center is open to guests staying at the hotel, we also offer discounts at Turner Athletic Club and CNN Center.
What do cows do for entertainment? They rent moovies !
Great times with my family. #ilovethem <3
9+ MC is 14. Some vocab will be a stretch for 3rd, but the humor will pull them through.
Got a program that will help improve the health of Lake Michigan? You've got less than a wk 2 write it up & send it in...ow.ly/a3Nuq
At Community Dialogue on anti-violence The community is
We like to eat too!
The fact that I can actually go out there n get a decent job with. Y degree n actually make enough money to support myself but I choose to
if you need/want a Toledo guide or primer, let me know! I'm free tonight and tomorrow.
In the observatory with and #Emily cross that off my bucket list !
I want to have sex in mid air like dragon flies! It seems so fun!
Dear bands: I'm not gonna read your automated booking emails. If you can't be bothered to write it out, I'm not bothering either.
Joe, I'll be around the expo area for a lot of the day. Give me a shout via DM or something when you're around
Beyond stressed
Scared out of my mind...
Is it me or does every day seem like incredible news .. that just gets worse and worse.
did you not see itafalsdkjfa
Very moving & inspiring talk about #anthonyshadid today by David Hoffman
His blue/green eyes get me everytime<3
hey lys, haha It depends! Shoot.
"meat wagon" has got to be the most unappealing tag line ever
headed to Rorschach's Northern Annex
Dirty shoes a budweiser tall boy a bag of crickets sweaty balls and a rad new single by th dream in my head. Summer I luuvv youu
Can I Get A 3some?
Fine . #NW FOLLOW HIM ! Lol happy ?
nobody wants to be the face of golf.
Exactly. They're only about 15 years late on this move.
When people play with my hair I'm like ----> -.o
love you bro bro!(:
Lunch with my boo, got picked up by my boo
NEW EVENTS: Friday July 31st: Rafael Picon Art Gallery Opening, Saturday August 1st: Hazakim
Bout to sleep too good.. Lol again
there's a boy I know, he's the one I dream of, looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife. Amazing peeps.
Thanks for all those following, and the support!
homemade nut mylks are the best
Manning: "Tebow? That kid ain't got shit" Well, he didn't really say that, but we all know Elway wishes he could.
OMG I JUST DIED INSIDE.
One of our former students just brought her baby in for a visit & overloaded us with cuteness! Now we just need some puppies.
You're a bunch of drunk, pathetic 'cool kids' and I'm growing up
And when I say that I mean rep my swag lol.
I don't know how people do it. I would pass out if I was sentenced to 1 minute of jail time
Super lame for going to sleep so early @ #SXSW but exhausted due to 3:30am wakeup this morning...
Be strong, Be smart, Be willing, Be positive, Be grateful, and most of all Be happy! Live your dreams, follow us, tweet us to find out more!
#FF My guides to the Puyallup fair - :)
If you don't understand the term "allowance" and how it can be used to mislead you, the chances of paying too much for remodeling go way up
Looking forward to it!
If we don't feel love with our heart, then how come that's where it hurts when someone doesn't love you back?
"The King of Comedy" with Deniro.... what a great gem...
HA! I new you would makes a twitter;))
‘We Bought A Zoo ’ Star Scarlett Johansson ’s Sexiest Looks (PHOTOS) Scarlett Johansson never ceases to amaze! The actress ’ la
Alright! Hey now! Mizzou take a bow! Step back.. Show-Me where it's at! MIZ-ZOU!
Toast, coffee, and My favorite way to start the day.
shout to >>>> is too funny
If I had a star for every scar you tattooed on my heart I could fill up the Oklahoma sky.
who honestly likes my username? like haha I dunno
i followed want me to DM you my number? lol
RT if you love Austin and Alex's bromance.<3
Dude, just because a girl is pissed off, doesn't mean she's on her period. you might just be a complete asshole.
Ohio University was one of the very few good things about this tournament. Now it's so boring
My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th. Tweeting from AT&T Park.
thanks for saying you will always be at my service
I'm still taking the Lakers...
If you could get a scannable coupon on your phone what kinds of offers would you want to see?
The Blessing: the convent of God to remove the curse, the power of God to be successful.
I'm the one who makes you laugh when you know you're about to cry
RT : On May 29th the first event will take place at The Stage, if you are interested in participating go to...
#Earthquake! #Aftershock, whatever.
Watch , at 4:20 on 4/20, somebody gona tweet that . #SitYoAssDown You know you don't even smoke !
Thanks for the props!
I GUESS CHILD YHU GOT ANGEL NUMBER CAUSE I WANTED TO GO TO HER HOUSE DIS WEEKEND BUT NE WAYS ALL THREE OF US NEED TO LINK UP
spending the afternoon at the Oakland School of the Arts
Just finished the Godfather novel. Now to watch the film in a completely new light
Whats Good Tweet World....IM BACK!!
Welcome to the lamestream media, Woof.
haha I already downloaded it too!
Going for a run!!
I'd agree. If there were million dollar plans, everyone would just follow them. People are the way. Cheers.
i got faith in the rest of the cuse squad, their gonna be motivated,
but instead i choose to keep it all to myself by drawing and playing music.
Debating pros & cons: cute kitty goodness vs. potential damage to high-end printing equipment during shedding season...
thanks for all the #FF love!
what was the most awesome stocking stuffer you found?
yeah yeah... I'll still be taller than all of y'all.
!!!!! RT Pain shouldn't stop your praise...that is very true
Just left the dentist.....I can't feel my face!!!:(
some woman always need make up
Happy Friday people!!!! Going to be spending with my fav daughter in the rain....
Yea, that doesn't surprise me anymore lol. Happens all the time! :-)
How, oh how, did I miss World Zombie Day?? Because I have no brains..get it? Ugh.
Super late start to
FYI: When grantees list books or articles on our website, we ask them to reference the Worldcat website entry for their work.
Giving people the 'Maddie Nichols' face when they insult you.
no problem :)
try it out && tell me if you like it?
i agree. i'm addicted to both of those shows
I wanna puke!
Boney Baby Jones
#DidChuKno that when you fan yourself with a book/folder/ect. , it auctually produces heat
can't decide if it's going to be socks or fingerless mitts. Socks would feel luxurious but perhaps wear out too soon.
Haunted house bitches :P
ah, still very impressive. Well done!
We up n Ready!! Smash on the gas and don't let up!!!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I ended up where I needed to be - Douglas Adams
I want a sitar now.
First of year birds spotted today, buffleheads, great blue heron, great egret. Also saw a red-shouldered hawk last week.
Oh crap, would you know I work that day? Maybe I can get someone to switch with me.
Natural Health Remedies for Scars: This is a guest post by Brentt Taylor in which he speaks about the natural remedies that help to g...
Its a beautiful winter day today!!!! Feels like summer...xx
need moire followers BEAUTIFUL people of this world :D
I just followed them=) xoxo
Another reason not to vote Republican: "George W. Bush: 'I'm for Mitt Romney'"
“: Sometimes Thursday football feels like Sunday football that was taken out of the oven too early.”.
There is only one happiness in life----to love and be loved <3
Bread and butter, devoid of charm in the drawing-room, is ambrosia eating under a tree. ~Elizabeth Russell
#CRM30 will be moderated by reporter -- looking forward to a good chat at
Fairey is the most 'revolutionary' street artist ever. NOT. Money, money, money = Deitch.
but be who u want to be!!! Be cool! Be funny! Be happy! But just always., Be yourself !!
Yup...although at points made it sound like gender is "just" body parts.
I'm tired so let me be broken
The fact that in my coach's end of the year email he offered his place to crash at after "a hard night in Boston"... gonna miss my team! <3
I am just practicing for my golden years. :-)
I'm sure Thomas Jefferson is ok with same sex marriage. I live 1 mile from Monticello and I know.
haha when I was a kid I saw Jezebel in the Bible and demanded that my mom explain why such a lovely name wasn't used.
Dear Royce, posing in a black lace bra & jeans is not a good look. If I knew you in real life I assure you that I would be just as honest.
#scms12 new humanities post docs should not be cheap adjuncts
Beautiful morning!
Stoked to see Thrice before they go on hiatus in June at the !
When I'm right, I'm right and when I'm wrong I could've been right so I'm still right cause I could've been wrong
LOVE!!!! I want to do something beautiful like that <3
yeah well i just found out it will take a minute.haha
they are "old" mountains. As opposed to those young, upstart Rockies.
sometimes i wish i was canadian
hahaha me too. I'm Conceited and I don't care who knows it... I need a nice boy. Or just a really hot one...
Where has been????
Thanks. I'll be stopping by for one in the morning.
Apparently the Twitter gods have made it forbidden to follow
Finally saw Fire in Babylon doc on West Indies cricket with lovely, talented & tasteful Very cool movie-you should see it!
Hope all have had a good day. Still looking for some assistance in getting off the ground. Any VC's or Investor questions welcomed.
If you won't say it on the streets then don't say it in your tweets..
red red wine you make me feel so fine...
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Fear (False. Evidence. Appearing. Real) If anything the anxiety of it will push you through it! wishing you the best of luck!
The world needs more music right now.
Jim Bishop~ The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
C'mon Skins, today's the day you remain in first place
thank you so much abby!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
That sucks. And I know there are ways, I just don't have access to them.
Perkins dirty for that lol...
Happy Easter! How is the media event looking?
I like your prof pic
Ooh wee y'all is going to be there tonight. Best believe ima tap DAT azz... Lmao jkjk... But really... Maybe.
Beers on me next time you're at Piper's, boo.
It's not editorializing. We're not the ones raising the issue. Members of the community have multiple times.
Working up some artist confessionals for our favorite ppl at +VP
love you all!
If your heart and mind are leading you in certain direction, keep going and don't give up. !!
Well, that's just scientific hooliganism.
Calling all FASHION & BEAUTY BLOGGERS! We have an opportunty to join the editorial team for a celebrity stylist. Contact us for more info.
If you guys find anything, that would be cool. wants to play and it would be nifty if you guys got in on it :)
awww lucky!!! i have til next thursday for summer :P
aaha yeah & night
If my dreams would come true ...
Come-on man, coffee. You forgot about the donut!
is taking & for a walk so I can rest. On their way out Eli gave me a high5, a fist bump & shouted 'Yee-haw!'
Punjab Indian Restaurant - French Wine Special, ONLY $3 a Glass!
thanks 4 the followback! if you need sharpening or some new hotness, call text or tweet! new store will b up soon! yay!-Pete
I love how & i always talk about and every damn day julie & i talk about the most weirdest things
Crying my eyes out. Puck, omg.
straight up!
RT : #mesagetomyex the sex was A L R I G H T, I had better sex with myself :) *thats cold!! But funny none the less*
I'll tell you how the sun rose,--/A ribbon at a time.
It was for today's show, which is now over. I'd love to exchange contact details for future interviews if you like
you're a die hard fan....u don't count lol
The wheather man told me it was going to rain today, so I walk outside in a Bill Cosby sweater and a scarf...it's HOT!
Hi Lauren, thanks for following us. Your husband is a big star. :-)
nevermind I got it to work. thank you :)
Run generators outside, away from doors, windows and vents! Generator exhaust is toxic and contains deadly carbon monoxide!
seriously woman put a pic!!! :p no one follows eggs :p i was told this from the beginning
Okay, #Brewers, let's score some run for the Greink-meister!
this package that this spa had to go and spend a few hours for message, manicure, pedicure and shit
Well It certainly can't hurt.... Much ..:-)
thank you ma big bro. Good looking out. I'll report back next week. How bout that pic mi hermano put on FB last nite
TK Do you know that your soo sexy?? Lol ... I say this all the time I Love Your Eyes
Last week of school :D
2 days ago we had 495 followers and 2day we are at 535!!! Yay!!! keep the love coming & book a gdine experience today!!!
...i have never met them.. but they have influenced me in every way growing up, i hope to be just as sucessful and amzing as them one day <3
Tahoe in June here I come! Boating, rock diving, kayaking, mountain biking. Wet woodys special rum smoothies.
Time is always working against me whether I know it or not
we are not however we are on soundcloud!
I just saw a girl step out of a car and execute a full-body pavement faceplant, knocking her unconscious. Happy Cinco de Mayo?
I don't promote violence but a woman must stay in her place don't step in his face from a mother of 2 young men
Mobile marketing: targeting by exact location is not as easy as ppl think & not as effective. Zip codes smarter. via
what position did you play when you played soccer? I play goalie! :D
Who's a big book reviewing expert in my network? Ping me - got a hot book for you. Tx.
Thanks, Tripp! MT At local PR conference-showed how United Way's Gary Dollar knows messaging-always talking how UW helps people
I know dallas has played better as of late but i'm ready for this season to end already
One tweet about looking at real estate and five brokers follow you.
So u guys free 4 next Sat??? let me know as soon as possible~!!.
So sadly true. Was keeping a close eye on the iPhone battery, hoping to be marginally distracted by podcasts for the duration.
Tigers outfielder Delmon Young was arrested in NY last night for a hate crime. It had something to do with anti-semetic remarks and alcohol.
Accidentally grabbed the powdered garlic instead of the powdered ginger -- and my oatmeal tastes... well, not bad, actually. Weird.
Cfa gift cards make great stocking stuffers. Stop by and pick yours up today, you only have 3 days until Christmas!!
my account keeps dming people saying "someone is saying bad romurs about you'' i changed my password and deleted them but they cam
Bahahaha. "She gave you The Nod!!" - She's The Man :D
I wish people would just say "bad music is bad" without bashing people who go to college or like playing straight-8ths tunes.
I know your going to best singer best role model out thier
Instead of thinking of it as #stalking think of it as
new york i wanna see what you'll do there
I thought someone was getting beat outside my patio this morning, just the coach of the woman's rowing team waking me up. Good morning!
Time for more water. Go get it.
Obama is selling USA sovereignty to highest bidder, Wake the hell up people!
what a sweet post: ) he is gorgeous!
11 mins left in the Second and still no score. Two Bulls goals have been disallowed.
I LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH MORE THAN ANYONE OR ANYTHING WITH ALL MY HEART. <3
Ugh, I want it to be warped already. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
where were you yesterday?
Sandeep Kishore #TEDMED: committed to equity preventing and treating NON-communicable disease NCDs. social justice issue & curriculum chge
Seriously. Especially for a six-pack of beer, which comes with a convenient handle. Hello?
I believe you are right on with your football playoff predictions!!!
idfk . but the past few days ive been having headaches and short term memorie loss
Does anyone know any Farmers or Allstate agents in the Denver metro area? Any insurance reps out there??
I have provided the fully functional source code, which is self-explanatory.
Go to class and get detention or don't go to class and don't learn the shit on finals.
Thank you for the inclusion, I appreciate it.
At the corner of Kenyon & Mt. Pleasant w/ & projecting on to the burnt building
Oh how I wish that was me
thats great, that always starts the day off right
Well then yes lol
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs by Jon Scieszka: Persuasive Wolf Sways Public Opinion?
...readerpuss wrecks..ok, too silly, time for bed
Sometimes people build walls not to block others out of their life but to see who cares enough to break through the wall.
Just discovered $3.90 tickets on Garden Gnome Night? Yes, please.
Most communications plans are just lists of tactics starting with the phrase "We need a [brochure, website, FB page, etc.]" How about yours?
way back in 94 after serving in the Navy, but could not get a job... : ( currently I work for LIHEAP but looking for more
LOL! RT: : Pres., in unscripted remark, joked he's no good at doing odd jobs around the house. Fortunately, "I'm in a ren ...
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
I do want it! But Bayleigh doesn't get along with other dogs very well :(
Five days into December, Chicago is still super comfy. Maybe this hoodie weather will last into January. Go global warming.
commited suicide due to the side effexts steroids has on your brain. weed = no deaths. if u think steroids
RT : If u had a summer w/ Dwight Howard what would u do? (Tell him he's the best, but he needs 2 get more serious)
#PPL think numbers mean something on tweefer and it dont mean shit. ALL WE CARE ABOUT IS GETTING OUR POST READ ON MEDIA OUTLETS.
": I wish I could trade my heart for another liver... so I could drink more, and care less."<<<I think we are soul-mates?
got it from Etsy. Ask her for more details
The fellas at The Grove have got jokes! Made some new friends with !
Apparently I am unable to resist an Iron Man arc light that attaches to your shirt. This year's Halloween costume: done.
"if you're lucky enough to be different from everybody else,don't change to be the same" - Taylor Swift
HALF OFF Admission when you bring a new, unwrapped toy for Toys for Tots (through December 18th)!
It is not to late to order client or employee holiday gifts... spread the word...
It Feels #TooEarly for a #goodmorning tweet. A good ole 37 degrees.
..Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.-Helen Keller via Ken Pope
CHIP KELLY
lean legs pyramid!
Good morning Xeni. Hope you are doing well. I know it's difficult to feel well sometimes but, I wish you all the best. Take care.
Business page that works as a window display, that they can change. The Mall allows the customers to have an avenue to specific products.
Definitely wishing I was partying my ass of right now with all my friends.... Can't wait for all this to be over
Great! We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times, get sick, then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain. Ah the magic of Disney!
Looking for #advertising and #marketing resolutions? Might we suggest a refresher on out-of-home #media? www.emcoutdoor.com
82 Championship #Cowboys vs #49ers. Ronnie Lott called for bogus pass interference setting up Cowboys go ahead TD. Crowd chants BS! Haha
Why is sal's pizza closed before midnight on a weekend?
“: you forgot something <U+E330><U+E412>” we laughed until we cried
safe travels and best of luck. if u get hungry in miami, stop at jimmys dinner on 125th. its like 5 minutes off i95.
Proud to have a few real friends than a bunch of fake ones like most of you bitches! <U+E405>
Come and try our Delicious Timber Joey milkshake or smoothie...where at the Hawthorne BV.
Nice job and on presenting at the #emac capstone presentations!
#nationalhonestyday ask me anything and I mean anything :)
I just left, I was at beer garden then cvp
It was another volatile day in mortgage-land. But this time volatility worked out in our favor. We erased yesterday's loan pricing losses!
2009-2011: 88% of national income growth was corporate profits. 1% in wages. (& is a socialist destroying business/capitalism.)
Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost
Choco-chip waffles in bed
Apparently the bank across the street got robbed.
is it time to start planning THATcampVA2011, yet? How about now?
maybe next time?
Lane, you PIMP!
ABC To Go Dancing With the ALL-Stars???
Twitter is like the best therapist!
My fave reference question ever (same vein) at Beatley was "Where can I find a green shirt?"
MURFC suffered another close lose, this time at the hands of UW-Lacrosse. Two more games left in the Fall 2011 Season.
You Can Make Money Online Companies Are Giving Away Free Cash For Some Of Your Time.
No no no. I wasn't insulting you... I was describing you.
it is a deep bright red if you bleach your hair enough and keep the color as long as you can. even u can keep it overnight.
Causally just saw a guy walking by the fountain with a piñata
:O i love it! But than again i like anything she releases!
Identity crisis resolved. New York!!!!
that moment when ur watching tv and when you hear masterpiece it sounds like masturbate .... xD
whats the song called??
That moment u get a pair of new boots n u just feel the knew leather :)
Not worried, I promise!
we will be talking about jails/prisons soon and why this is necessary
YoMomma is just like Twitter.......Open To The Public
Up at 5:00am for train to Tarrytown for #mic09. Thought I'd sleepwalk through my 9:45 talk but is keynoting and I'm WIDE AWAKE
Wish I could make it! RT Broadway Fit is FREE Friday, 9/23! @ 11:45am. Work out to a Broadway Beat!
thanks for the follow -- loving the combo of what you are: #socent + chef + linguist + tech. Very cool
Going to pick-up my new iPhone 4S today. 4 years since my iPhone 3G. Time 2 step up ...and this one talks back! Wait. Is that a good thing?
[c] Saying stuff like 'If he doesnt know or not I need to call the shots' And more stuff... It had me having tears in my eyes. I didnt [c]
having dinner at Joe's Crab Shack with the attendees who wanted some extra marketing coaching
These muffins are the best things I've ever ate.. Oh my..
Need a human lung model for your office, practice, or classroom? Get ours today for 20% off with code "Twitter3100": http://:dld.bz/peq7
New Orleans Jazz Fest: 'Ain't no funk like Louisiana funk!' - USA TODAY
I was just warming up
what's going on with them? hurting?
get it!
March madness....I still don't understand why the office basically shuts down to watch Memphis vs Cal St Northridge....
I think its funny when I hear peoples bones pop xD
I guess "N.C.I.S." is the Baby Boomers "Matlock".
lol Marshall I was going to call him a dumb racist, but don't worry he'll get his one day haha
Shakes the Clown In My Pants
Sex Goddess!!!
Not sure what was more impressive in slow motion: Oosthuizen's double eagle or the badly missed high-five between him and his caddie
Randy should go home before the rose ceremony. I'm already over him.
it was me. Lol jk. I'm 900 miles away. Nearly impossible
so do i lmao
I'm so good with the camera, we won't need the airbrush (that much).
When you choose to love as God loves, it will never be safe....but it will set you free - Janet Larson
don't you have a boyfriend
Hopefully I do well in the dodgeball tournament especially after the incident last time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
DEMI U ROCK
Playoffs start tonight. Go #Blackhawks!
I tried to watch Justified last night but the man I was haunting turned it off halfway through the program. Don't tell me what happened.
My boss took my phone and didn't give it back...
Very tilted at Ramos's botch. Thought there was no way in hell they could get him, until Harper fired an absolute missile.
I can NOT believe it's March already! My mind is still in January.
Painted my nails white .
O' Natural Caramels with toasted pecans! #new recipes every day! #caramel #dates #healthy #snack #desserts #date recipes with pecans
Miami Florida schedule your tree braids appointment now and Charlotte North Carolina www.hairgynesis.com
very cool have a wonderful holiday
You don't need makeup. Your naturally gorgeous <3
How a Solid Inbound Marketing Vision Can Help Your Website Redesign in 2010
I love going shopping for shoes
Time to go turn on & do my workout! :-)
Haha "if there was weightclasses in swimming, I would have gone to the olympics - "
but that's all the way in Canada
love it
I pulled back from twitter, music, & a few other things...I had to get rid of some worthless people & now I'm back like I never left.
San Miguel Fire District votes 4-3 to contract out fire services to Cal Fire
The line was working, UNTIL we said that we were on a lot if drugs and a lesbian date?
Is this your signature meal?
hopefully da madness is coming over to your old friends :)
Note to self: Don't accidentally run "mate ~"
RT : rt and follow us for all your t-shirt, and advertising printing needs!!!
RT : Good morning - please take me to disney. Thank you!
French and Science :D dont worry bro my science teacher loves me
I think I'm almost done preparing my presentation. I think... I think...almost there...little more...
There is an open bibliographic data movement. 2 types of data: library catalog, scholarly paper.
Drunk and it's only 4:48
#MySuperPower would be to never have to buy gas AGAIN!!!
God is especially faithful to those who are faithful to Him!And we can always count on Him,though others may fail us.He never will!<3
Ready to revamp
Party ! It is another nice way for us to be friendly. :)
Live Free or Die Hard on FX
the big help award honoree <3
I've stopped looking both ways before crossing b/c I don't really care if I successfully make it across anymore.
got this new song off #elevatormusic that I know Quitta Liggins gone love
"Daddy, am I going to go to 'Rock & Roll High School?'" My daughter just heard The Ramones on the radio, and she digs 'em.
White russians all night
Francisco-Revilla: my students have used Kinect and had to create their own gestures. What makes a specific gesture a gesture?
My foot.
Happy(choose all that apply): #CincodeMayo, #KentuckyDerby Day, #Talladega Race Weekend! Going to be interesting.
are you coming to in #atlanta? I'll be there
aww i'm glad you're having fun <3 <3
They had the best team this year, to bad Melo screwed it up!
Follow me on what ever social network yall use now......
God if you could get me through tonight without cursing out a couple of these patrons -__-
happy birthday to the awesome queen of awesomeness :)
Ahh only 2 more days til I'm basking in the sun on vacation! Can't wait to see all my FL friends & celebrate the marriage of 2 of them
Heading to the start line of the marathon!
Cry if you want to, but i cant stay to watch you. Thats the wrong thing to do. Talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you.
True! It's easy to get an idea and then be making a crazy deadline. "I'll query this in 3 months!"
Behind my house, in front of my house... What is going on???
you were awesome today at ! Loved hearing your story
Thanks Kim!
Chick-Fil-A is awesome. Period. Irrefutable proof of a simple tasty delight done right. M. Thanks San Diego Chick-Fil-A!!
": I'm lost, does Blue Tooth mean "hands-free driving" or "I look like a complete douche bag while driving" ?"
Your not alone.... -_____- RT: Ugh.. 4 hour test tomorrow..
We've been quite quiet recently, but we're cooking up some new things! Thanks for staying with us and supporting us!
you gonna give any updates for game 2?
That would be awesome ": BRO!!! RT I would like to see Kobe drop dead tonight"
ModernTouch dance parties
A kind critique is also about what is NOT said. If a listener doesn't say the SONG was HOT, stop pushing him/her for more
chips & queso > cranberries or sweet potatoes.
Freshly picked mangoes are the best! (Our owner loves visiting his in-laws on Hawaii because they have a mango tree)
hopefully there's no need to clean.
thursday night TV finally!!!!
Who should view?Anyone wanting to learn how a the practical aspects of growing a successful business in an easy-to-understand format
But that's a cat + octopus. Of course it breaks the rules.
Smart timeout.
On lunch... Eatting m.k.d
:) RT : How does know how to make my coffee exactly right?
Movie later?
haha, why is that? so you don't make all of the stupid mistakes that I have? that might actually be a good idea.
“: wish I could be there, kill it tonight” Will do
All this rain!! What is your favorite warm drink on a cold day?
Oh man, do I understand that!
so proud!
I mean literary conferences, not sff conventions. But got it. What kind of material is it, if I may ask?
9mil a year is A LOT for an unknown product. I want to see if he can sustain this. Once P get a scouting report
All my Mexican friends have hot sexy sisters. Lol!
I had a pitcher of Sam Adams last night. That was a smart decision.
Reduced SHORT $USDCHF for +15 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Just got back from the lakes, Indiana's wonderful Tippy. The lake is beautiful, but now back to building awesome websites for my customers!
Money cant buy happiness.. but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle.
there are some oddities in how the GeoCommons UI uses the Geocoder engine that we're improving.
Dance Until Tomorrow <U+2665>
Your life is so easy.
you need to call me like asap
NICE! So what is it that you do for work?
Also add "doing requirements' to your bio. Thanks for developing a great curriculum for UW staff.
I love The Vampire Diaries
okay so lunch at Brasserie 1010 was good, but our service was terrible! definitely avoiding that waitress next time.
Oh you know, a little pinot made by a familiar winery called Domaine Serene, '07 Evenstad Reserve ;)
*1500 wow I feel like an idiot.
I have spicy Thai soup. Same difference, right?
RIP Gary Carter. Condolences to his family.
A humble start with #Google. We're now listed as no. 17 and 45 for "Exchange Migration Services". Welcome to #Siberia, comrade.
2night the place 2 be is No Cover. Great drink special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out!!!
Just saw a Fiat on the highway and J-Lo wasn't behind the wheel. #disappointed. Also didn't realize they were real
hahahaha how was your "smoothie"? (;
Hmm. Definitely has certain connotations. Thinking of the use of the basement space in That 70s Show & Wayne's World...
thanks! RT: Good luck!
Today, 2pm, tour in Spanish Increasing awareness in Hispanic community.LIVESTRONG at the YMCA - free 12wk class for survivors
Square box head ass jit
Short ribs and beer
excited for the shortest and smallest st.patty's day parade this friday we will be there.... dressed in green!!! :)
Can't wait for #ThePitch! Premiers tomorrow on #AMC! "Do you want to win?" Watch it or miss out!
I must be doing something right.
yes any form of ID will work. Birth Certificate, drivers license, school ID (high school or college), state issued ID card, ect
We have added two more dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in New York
Tomorrow is going to be a good day
Thanks. My own design.
Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
“: I need a new Dj!!" let Meek know he should work with
I'm not laughin :p
Then back away from the dinner table mofo, lol! What's good Fam, Happy New Year!
Free throws are free!!!!!!!
shady 45 has me cracking up w white people wed lol
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>#Champagne #Quote of the day.
You ladies certainly are chatty tonight. My phone was dinging every 2 secs! xoxo
#ICSC will be offering 13 Special Industry Groups (SIGs) at #RECon12. Whatever your interest,
I'm excited! 6am, be there ;D
Heat forward LeBron James scored 32 points with 15 rebounds. Guard Dwyane Wade scored 29 points against the Pacers in Game 1.
Trying to gain an understanding of why some small businesses and professional organizations don't patronize other small businesses...
i miss so much
Yes. This young artist is making unforgettable images.
“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.” -Unknown
thanks! Maybe next time we'll meet!
Let me guess.. Your gonna go to OG
didn't take them long to knock the new paint off the walls
IF this is "greatest financial crisis since the GreatDepression," THEN this must be Depression in and of itself. Economic Recovery is a sham
There will be Mobile Learning Experience 2013in spring in Phoenix. We're working on the dates and hope you can join us!
Another carjacking at Wheaton Mall. Had anyone seen ? I warned him. He said they have great deals though.
that's ty's team?
nobody is real about love these's days, but anyway i rather not wait up allnight sleepy
i love you too!
Awesome. There are so many good places to eat and take pictures.
I bet all those gift from your bf baby shower are from #babybehip #Philly personalized babygifts!!
You look like you need a couple of road sodas & to be in the effin' mix!
The fact that they're on a horribly contrived TV show?
I need someone to talk to.
awww see you ain't right! okay i will help out in the kitchen but he's mine in the bedroom. you too young! <payback lls
Cont: support network (inc sporting & non sporting personnel) & 3) effective use of advanced psychological skills. (Connaughton et al., '08)
yeah..but i'm a good kid(: so it's all good XD
took me a min to figure it out too.. Lol
Oakland gets on the board!!! #10 Billy Balent gives the Grizzlies' their first goal of the game, still trail Delaware 4-1.
Happy birthday to you BOTH! & Two of my fave. Cap. Hill spots!
thanks for the shoutout!! Glad you love the app!!
Sienna. Thank you for being a friend! Have a "LOVELY DAY!"
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Crypts album complete. Reminder: I am not responsible for your stereo equipment.
It's going to be a great#NewYear! I see big thing in our future! We're making big moves!
I'm doing research for a character I'm playing this Saturday. Please give me your thoughts about sociopaths.
Oh geez...sadly this is probably true some of the time. haha
yep run tmc will be there
Honor your commitments.
Also since Chris is unable to help, my friend Brian (Key Griper, Boom Mic Opperater) has also agreed to do lighting. Thank you Brian!
PA PA PA PA PA <U+266A> Las verdaderas Jonaticas entienden :D
Just watched the GI Joe movie. Story-wise, I was underwhelmed. Explosion-wise, it was pretty awesome.
Don't even know what to say :/
K I'm taking a nap bye
oh... Bwahaha! I should have known. What are some of the lyrics? Haven't heard that song in ages.
your gorgeous and you will do great! hope to see pics soon!
Covering my sunburn in vinegar... supposedly a natural remedy? Has anyone ever tried this before?
Lol. RT : “: I thrive on awkward moments...” well you had a lot of those with
"You can't sweep other people off their feet, if you can't be swept off your own."
That's a-ok! Hope you guys have a good time. Hopefully we'll see one in the US soon!
and passing notes in class... I remember when I was in 5th grade
lol good one, wish i was apple shareholder too instead of just a macbook pro holder
loved it! “: The dress worn at Pitchfork Festival was by Elina Sheripova, for all curious.”
Proud to see real community local leaders supporting real parent power to make schools great.
When you grow a pear you can call me back (; - inspiring words from Kesha.
#wnba star #Sidney Spencer #legendsfantasyleagues come on think you can out shoot a sharpshooter
Wall Street doesn't like the Bail out plan! WE don't like Wall Street lately!
Thanks to Guy Fieri for the shout out last night.
You mean directing ppl to you FB in tweets or having the two connected and auto-tweeting everything you post on FB?
They Be Fightin Over The Computer.
hey everyone!!! Can u please follow ??? She is the sweetest person ever! And she's also my best friend! So please follow her! :)
I'm thinking about you laying right next to me, but it sucks cause you're not really by my side.
some of the words of the BIBLE qualify as HATE SPEECH.
Dave... I'm sorry... I broke my promise to you.. again..
That is sort of an oaky afterbirth. What was that?
pshhhhhh....you and your ego
I respect you for that. That's the point I'm trying to get to.
follow me back ugly
Wait, so Tom McCall wasn't the guy who sang the trucker anthem "convoy"?
Sunday, April 15th....$15.00 off all facials. Call now for your reservation!
Slowly getting sick.
The weekend has arrived! Why not stop in for some treats before heading home to relax?
RT : so looking forward for tonight!! See u on the dance floor
So who wants some leftover McDonald's? Anyone? :D
My boyfriend knows how to take such good care of me
He did but you likely saw it on the show! "Apparently having 11 kids makes you tough as nails"
A man driving a van for Mr Nix Fix It may have kidnapped a woman the way he is driving. No joke. he seems like a total psychopath.
I have the cutest grandson!
When did the founding fathers discuss the country economy....Obama says so. I don't recall them having done so
We should stop thinking of mercy as a solely divine attribute.
As a woman I have conflicted feelings about her as well. :(
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Tweet us the school you're at & the grade & subject you teach to get a #free McCafé
email me at
Monkey see monkey do wow
Thanks for all of the work you do!!! Check and dubwise
enjoy and congrats on the new gig man!!!
excited to see John carter 3d..
#Throttled. #AT&T continues to suck. I wish I would have made the switch to when they had unlimited data.
yea I'm stoked for them, asp, tbdm, the used, of mice & men, and i might check out unwritten law :o
Agreed! Comic Sans is only "funny" up to a certain point, clearly.
Why can't we stop the war?Over 20 navy seals today and so many more of the warriors have lost their lives and for what?When do we walk away?
I'm torn up inside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Busy Friday night. Steve Aoki at the Sports Arena then Snakesuit at Tin Can. What's on your agenda?
What fresh hell is this?!
In theory the radian6 folks are gonna connect me with someone that can help with the profile filtering issues
Uhh, it's Thursday!
I was in 10th grade coral gables high JROTC ,we had just got into class and our commander turned on the tv.God Bless the USA
Ready to hear some tips on #personalbranding from at meeting tonite!
cool:) you should follow me !
our optometric intern Matt will be getting LASIK tomorrow! it's his first time being a patient instead of on the operating team!
It's crazy that the supersonics was known for their defense and the thunder are known for their offensive abilities.
Damn Typos Smh
I watched the losses 2 RealMad & Chelsea again. The lack of energy was more important than opponents' tactics.
Digital Humanities and Black Studies panel is awesome.
Hey look! It's that time of night when and quote Seinfeld for 20mins.
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us! Need to win them both!
Starting to scare me in #Brewers land....
jobby? If you want external validation on your pro/con list, please let me know.
Excalibur "Your Magical Getaway Awaits You: Excalibur "Your Magical Getaway Awaits You!" *Book this special offer...
Merry Christmas!! Have an Amazing day everyone! :)
wow, our entire organization? Maybe time for BJC to get his own twitter account ;)
Two glasses of red wine gets me in the zone.
Indeed it is. :) RT : What is the deal with D.C. being so pretty?
An educated person is wise, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice, this resulting in freedom and democracy preserved and sustained
I will tell him. Is she having an open house? ARE YOU COMING TO MY OPEN HOUSE?! You need to!
Headed to the MGM! Going to become a parrot head! Jimmy Buffett time!!!
looking for the closest wig shop
Gotta love being home
Finna lay down .
Milwaukee's Beast Brewers shirts also available at Scheels Sports in Appleton, WI! go #beastmode !
Awesome day of riding the KC Watersports cable! Hitting the lake tomorrow behind the
great new look on the website.
let's get into some trouble this weekend, preferably with a glass of Pinot in hand.
“: Avatar suggestions for tomorrow? Kidd-Gilchrist, Kyle Casey are the front runners. Who else?” Gotta be MKG!!!!
"The dice don't remember" Marcea Wolf-Carter
I've read this tweet multiple times,yet,I still can't see where a #NoHomo should be added..lol..
Watching #AHS once again solely for the scene of the ever so handsome Tate, shirtless. Oh jeeze. That's the good stuff.
And I love him for that comment lol.
you need to come NEW JERSEY OR NEW YORK RIGHT NOW!<U+2665> oh & 3 more days till, NEVER SAY NEVER DVD COMES OUT<U+2665>.
love you bro,(:
Let Chiquita speak bet it keep the peace that Lil B brrrangadang!
HI MY NAME IS JOSE I WANTED TO KNOW IF THE JONAS BROTHERS WERE GOING TO BE AT THE VMA AWARDS--
business is great and my clients are loyal and true
Haters these days... Seriously.
from facebook friend learned that churches like political groups do not have to abide by the do not call list. Alas.
nehro no other
watching & I'm so excited to see some 2nd chances!
NP: T.I.P- still ain't forgave myself!!!
we have a 50th bday party in NJ sorry to miss tree lighting and open house with the #philly women.
#AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic cert programs can be "laddered"---program can be taken into a small comm of students.
Hoping for a big night
Enough playing on the computer... Gold's Gym awaits then some football. Hard Rock for dinner tonight at the
Thanks for joining!
it's so fun lol
Hate being ignored by someone you were just talking to two days ago...
Wish the #ahml staff association's ice cream social were TODAY. I'm craving mint chip in a bad way.
Jmac must be crying in his redbull over the Real loss to Bayern Munich.
I guess it is relative. I'm just trying to figure out how I keep missing out on the summer vacation & extended holiday break.
Its a slow jam type of morning.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. ~ Thomas Edison
"You don't know how far you're going to fall until you're pushed." -Random WisePerson. WEDNESDAY! ALMOST THERE, KITTENS!! HAVE A GREAT ONE!
For real #Twins..? Tickets better come cheap when we're trolling the gutter of the league this summer.
a massage, sleep, a massage, sleep. A million dollars. Sleep. Mani/pedi. Sleep.
"Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching"-Aurora Greenway
I voted over 200 times since I got home from dance and I voted on my way home
RT : MT“: looking for a summer intern to assist with social media research. DM me! #musesocial #musetech”
not sure what happened but I restarted it a couple times and eventually got it to play. Thanks.
If I break in two, will you just pretend that two is better than one?
Shut up already!
congrats on the talk, Alex--interesting stuff, and the page representations you've created so far really are beautiful.
Money is the anthem, of success.
Don't block czechov. I can personally vouch for him
- as much as I'd enjoy some people forgetting their picks, I can't stand idly by and not tell you to make yours on
Historians are inherent hoarders.
If elise doesn't go home next week on #hellskitchen I'm never watching it again.
I have your merch,posters,pictures,songs,tweet your every day,cry for you, but then you don't even know I exsist :(
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
$2 Drinks & spinning after 8 tonight!
is 155 miles from Daytona. So tempted. But I have Disney with my family in 10 days.
I wanna listen to some Bullet For My Valentine now, good god!
lol everyone needs to relax
if that's the case, you can buy a stand and an umbrella through B&H online and trigger your flash on the stand?
Loving Christina's eyeliner!
Will your church be doing anything differently since Christmas Day is on a Sunday?
I absolutely love the joy that a bowl of applesauce brings to my 3 year old.
It took almost 115 minutes to decide it, but the Rangers prevail over the Capitals.
Almost a month without drinking ;;)
the kind of prose which you look up from in shock to find it's 2 a.m. and the book is over.
These token balls are from Choga Mish in Iran.
Tonight's quote for : "Everybody's winning." --
i approve all those choices...
Hi Katie, thanks for the RT. Cheers!
lol, thank you
I found a church, headed to Mt. Olive AME Church at 1108 Carver Street, Myrtle Beach, SC. Join me later at Broadway at the Beach @ 12:15
vAlive + vBlessed + vFree = Thanks To God
Creative Coalition backed by Mirkat & Xavier Hill founders of the team
Excited to attend 's Ready to Launch party tonight! Now, what to wear?...
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, or comments? BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. Enjoy your evening.
I guess you're my favorite too Antony.. Bitch.
Well the NEWZ sites just found out about 's release... Broke it Tuesday
Usually just the first book. Shiver series, not Wolves of Mercy Falls. is the exception: TMI and TID.
it was an epic battle! I earned my stripes! Thanks coach for showing me the way!
thanks for the follow! I will keep you in mind for future branding brainstorming and creation
First Boulder DA to ever be honored for anything!
Thanks for the mention!
You got this boys! Lets make this a winning team!
Fading into the darkness of 75 watts here, 75 watts there, another 75 watts in the hall, fading into the bright darkness...
come back already!!!
Just about everything.
Lmao you cold<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> as ice<U+26C4>
Apologies for the delay, someone should be getting back to you today or by Monday at the latest. Thanks!
well, I consider myself bipolar. -_-
#GirlsWhoCantKeepAMan Always Got Jesus!!
Looking forward to the senior pep rally on Friday!
Oh....you're not coming? :( so sad. Wish I could save you a snow cone.
You made me who I am from the words you said!!!!!
Open today 9-4 and tomorrow 10-2 for your Valentines cupcakes filled with love and topped with fresh fruit.
- What a coincidence: that comment by Camus is all-time favorite quote. I just tweeted it last Tuesday the 24th!
#Imagine you're at a Austin concert and while he is singing he suddenly stops and doesn't stop starring at you with a big smile. <U+2665>
the world is a wacky place. We frequently try to track this issue down. Email me the query URL and raw response if you can.
Things you need in your mouth today: 2 Chicks with Chocolate Milk Chocolate Pretzel Bark. Stop in for some while it's still in stock!
i just got offline...
Wow Evelyn weak how u gone wait until she fighting already. Then that ugly side kick just want some t.v time.
ugh! Thanks for the heads up...
#saturdayadventures traveling out of the city
Any chance of picking up a third Killer Unicorns book by ? These books are so awesome!
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
You can't steal first base, but you can hit a chopper off the plate and 40 feet into the air.
of course I thought of you! ;)
Don't try to be hardcore, they'll tear you to shreds, hun.
Doubting my decision to set an alarm on my phone that's just Guy Fieri saying "That's just out of bounds flavor, brother."
Results are a little better now 65% to 34% (in favor of equal marriage), I thought this was a non issue in the UK :/
sorry...that is not doable per our usage requirements. I have plenty of web & mobile deployments with no database, plenty fast.
It's a total of approx. $640,000. $412,000 is Dem money. The rest is split among Senate Repubs and Assembly
Stew! How you been broski?! Long time no talk!
We are so excited for the weekend, and hoping the weather stays nice! We hope you all have a great weekend, too! :)
Guy: Did it hurt when you fell out of heaven? Me: No, but I did scrape my knee when I crawled out of hell. /via
Golddigging has never been my style
Thanks for following Marina. You are doing the world a great service in giving out job search knowledge. Keep up the good work!
Just fell asleep while writing my paper lawl
thanks I guess lol
still looking for money to make movie... damn film insurance!
Oh yeah- it's all in the family. I wonder who the next generation of Longhorns will love to hate...
Talk is still cheap
so do we know if the OVAs are being rolled into this rerelease?
Sucks for my brother he has class to 10:30 :p but glad his willing to take me home on his break.
Love it! RT : The next time you have writer's block, go out and DO something worth writing about.
RT :love guy who told a reporter frm atop median hes stuck on "Im used 2 driving in this" duh,right! #snowatl <-i saw that jagaloon
Damnit #Rangers. At least it's bedtime now.
Haha!!! Ron Artest gets booed every time he has the ball. Now he know s better then to mess with OKC. We go hard!!!!
Making pretty type pictures.
u may need to smoke b4 u go to sleep lol .. i heard ppl sleep better afterward idk cuz i dnt smoke
Daniel Murphy giveth, Daniel Murphy taketh away.
Great job !
Welcome to Der Weinerschnitzel, may I take your order please? Yeah I want:
Million Dollar Idea: Bobby V. smiling face pinatas.
we are already counting down the days !! > RT : Big Night DC was even better than last year. Next year, you know where I'll be.
Haha - did you read the article? It is just sarcasm. EVERYONE needs to buy the new iPad.
so to sum things up. Me n Jake are having a gay affair. And cat just said u n her r haven a
Is there a social responsibility to let dudes wandering with shovels shovel your sidewalk for a few bucks?
thx hope everything is ok
Wow, that worked... maybe she follows me?
Venturing away from Charles Street to try out coworking in Fells Point today at
The Droid crying TV ad is enough to make me never buy a Droid
Let's not panic about losing someone...
The Arnold Palmer . Iced T and lemonade
We have a some exciting shows to tell you about real soon. 2012 is going to be fun!
when you mistake jenni for jimmy
You're welcome! Have a great weekend RT : Hi Jay. Thanks for following.
It would make my day if #oomf texted me first once in a while
Peace be still
Heading out to see "The Watchmen". Go commerce!
Cheers #NYR ! I drink to u tonight!
Thanks. :) I definitely will!
are you ok please tweet back if you are . i hear its bad down there right know
My baby's all grown up and getting a twitter account! Follow for fun old photos and news on history happenings in Philly.
#survivor I almost hope Russell gets to the end again and looses so he'll keep coming back. Survivor+Russel=win!
16-2 run for BOS. RT #Sixers start the second half missing their first six shots. They have made 4 shots in their last 21 attempts
indigestion gives me killer impressive burps, I just have to remember to stop accentuating them while at work. Not socially correct.
such a challenge when our critters are sick. I'd rather it was me than them. Sending get well wishes!
- You got it. I'm looking forward to being there Alan
you're one of those people!
Yea it is! U got the idea from #teamexotica bebe! Lol
I would probably read more, but sometimes the people watching is just too good to miss on public transit!
And apparently it's "bras off" for the ladies. Usually within 15 minutes of getting home.
A recent vote on Talkbiznow.com said that Gordon Brown should step down - do you agree?
hey i celebrating it's one year anniversary. A raffle every week! Please RT:)
#astd2012 - last session of the day! Brain Fitness. Standing room only. There are about 40 people sitting on the floor in back. Exciting
The most perfect way to end my night <3
I think Chicago is currently surpassing Seattle on dreary, rainy weather. It's gross here.
Finally got Mass Effect 3!
Apple Spice Denver wishes you peace, joy, happiness, success and great food this year!
ok ma
Just call him The Film Guy.
Why didnt u write story on 77 Brandy Grissom? U hate that NOrma & would have done better story than that Julian. U R my FRIEND!
cant fucking stand my brothers. How someone could be so disrespectful to their own family, who does EVERYTHING for them, is beyond me.
RT - 50% off ALL assorted dozens at the 5th Avenue Top Pot Cafe until closing!
So Mario is just doing this without getting donations for a food bank, or some other food program?
Ha! I was just about to tell you that I'm just waiting up for the idiot to get home.
“: #np Grand Verbalizer #Sisssssssssy!” <-- just started runnin down that whole third verse in my head lol
ur a good man Charlie brown!
: Some news orgs view RT as endorsement, but I don't think people assume endorsement. I've never had anyone get confused.
ah, ok. Some folks do that by writing their own drivers ;)
that's very true my friend.
I'm recordng special w/ Sugarland tonite, hoping 4 glimpse of Casey James. Thats another cd I'm looking forward 2. Country/rock/blues ftw!.
Clearly you have debated with Skip. :) Voice of experience.
Thanks for the intro!
Thursday's good for me. I just got my work schedule today.
where you going? :o
People were created to be loved. Things were created to be used. Ironically, in reality, things are being loved & people are being used.
I WILL! :D
Waking up at 5:30 isn't so bad! I'm doing great! Haha, just kidding, I feel awful.
i miss my buddy #RickJames ...man we had some good times..
depression, low self esteem, and poor support system
Allergies clearing up but Caps lose series, dang the cosmic balances!
I've been reduced to only 1 computer today! Productivity is frustratingly low.
Do U know any 1 in Mpls-St.P working on Squarespace Websites? A friend's NonProfit is looking for design help. Ping me if you can help him!
You've got to start them young!
Where's the show about my students who have little parent help - emotional or financial?
You ok mate?
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#why is #Missouri trying to prove it has the dumbest law-makers in nation? Thank God #ScottWalker isn't the governor!
I was expecting to blow up my timeline today on her drive to but she must be sleeping the whole way... poor
I think my neighbors kill people for a living... :0
watching record
crazy and sketchy
Henry, that letter was heavy! Thanks for posting it. Cheers!
Sign of the Day: "Thompson Station Meth Church" - looks like they're serving up more than Jesus:)
I do like DreamHost.
Any #CampusChat regulars lurking tonight? Have you thought much about special dietary needs and college selection together?
youre so fake.
bring me my ciiigs!
Thanks, btw, there's something wrong with your website, it gives me a "Error establishing a database connection"
For real tho Mike Brown looks like he should be doing security out in front of roscos
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
ASDFGHNJMKL; BUT ITS HARD AS NICKYBALLZ
If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today. Monday calls for it.
i completely understand!
I keep hoping we'd get adopted by a more functional Norwalk ;)
RT Getting stoked that our #SharePoint2010 video on taxonomy Term Store Management coming out soon with
writng n getting ready to lay these trks down
Man it would be a dream come true if retweeted me, a native Chicagoan!!! Love your show Jimmy!
not going to be lazy anymore.. gym time
just came onstage to devil is a lady
happy birthday ;P
we'll be at Monday's game. Only one I can make. You?
but in my mind i whisper every single word you say.....
thank you for saving the letter!
Well, tell them to stop insuling Jews & Christians and we'll stop insulting islam. Sounds fair to me
on Metadata: every part of a publishing house contributes to metadata and each is responsible to every other part.
'Kidnapping' is such a strong word. I like to think of it as 'Surprise Adoption'.
#edu11 Interesting comparison between adoption of online banking and online learning by William Pepicello, President of Univ of Phoenix.
Thank you all for the #FF, enjoy your weekend!!!
i lost my voice and cant sing. wish me well <3
so excited to see the work you've done!
Girls with big plugs...biggest turn on.
definitely! This country is too politically correct. It's annoying!
i like music more than i like most people.
You keep rewinding and playing yourself all over again. I'm sick of the same routine~Beyonce Lines owww
naturally! when did you start doing music??? I want to know more :)
I'm at a bar right now and all I can think about are my last four pages of Catching Fire sitting in the car.
TOMORROW AT NOON: Baked appreciation day begins! Come in shop between noon and sunset for FREE COOKIES! Omnomnoms. Please RT!
just wondering what's going down!
You can't hate on D Rose first game back and he scores 29 points. Just because he missed some dosent mean he's bad. Our defense wasn't there
Why do write in english if you from Chile?
is attending a meet/greet in the ward and then speaking at Northside DFA tonight.
And more TDL libraries to follow for #followalibrary day: Who are we missing?
Awesome. I'm planning to under the #MAA2012 tag. :-)
Agreed. I see email as the notification system that pulls members into community discussions.
": Having one hand in your pants and one on remote. #GuyThing” rule: you can't switch which hand does which job.
idk u pick something my homie
In the studio quite a bit.Need to get out.
On my research for voice recognition s/w came across products:"MeMeMe","Shout Out,"GoVivace","Jeannie",Dragon & TellMe.
no shit the whole world thinks we r weird cuz u keep posting them! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
If someone broke your heart, you'll be dead..
You really do lack brian cells.
I said the same last week. I know there will be bad weeks between now and 11/6, but right now it "feels" like summer of 2010.
nun just on here and listening to music
B.A.D. = BAD ASS DOOBIES
I was dissecting a frog :D and u
So, Avengers...yeah, agreed. More, please.
new twitter :) now i need followers
2 hour and 27 min delay for the Indians and Angels as the game finally gets started.
Western Governor University Texas - a new pathway in TX to an affordable degree.
calling you tomorrow
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Lets go to the beach beach lets go get away
And that's when we rely on Auntie Betsy to help us contain the flying peas!
Thanks for coming in. RT : Great event. Truck Stop by a tasty brew, worth the trip to
Just had a meeting w/the folks over at - Excited for our upcoming/joint career fair April 10th! Great opp for job-seekers
Thank you! Yes I did. I had a good time!!
Judge Baer just admitted Jonathan Band to represent ARL, ALA, and ACRL as amici in the #AGvHT case against libraries. Brief coming soon.
It is time to move past pure utopianism & discuss the nuts & bolts of sustainable digital scholarship. Indexing, hosting, editing all cost $
haha!!! Yea exactly! Only I would never go thru his FB photos. He's forever blocked!
thanks for following. Put your seatbelt on
"Courage 336" was a high energy dance piece! Thanks Andreu Honeycutt, Loren Bray, and Ben Arden for their work!
Just in time for holiday shopping, #FF -- it looks like the 1-stop place for all the deals in San Diego.
RT : She will never be forgotten as one of the greatest voices to ever grace the earth.
Sounds like we have options, but not great options and they'll have no choice at some point. Probably post-ASB.
too bad they can't put the dancing baby from the 90s or some other character on the screen when they talk
Haha. I thought it was Pooh.
I have to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time.
the corresponding TP song, that is ("only you"), not Eddie's impersonation, although 'comedian' is fierce. Gunny goo-hoo!
What would that Justice look like?
Just called my mom to tell her the bad news about MCA. I'm going to air the call in a few minutes...
More followers, please!
Who's ready for some irrational yelling in my house?
Followed back bro.
mayne i went to stallions and got so drunk i went to rap and a bunch of whoopty whoo came out lmfao, .... wow.
well let me know :)
Working on score for horror short. Director suggested watching "Drag Me To Hell" for research. Best research ever.
hahaha it's friday friday gettin down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend
and Obama's dead what a day
Broke as a joke #dealbreaker -____-
jair is coming to my house c:
Can't wait for 2012 ;)
Has anyone heard of any great Breast Cancer Awareness events in NOLA this month?
Never ask a question if you're not going to listen to the answer.
Me too!
2 receive offer u must eligibility requir, comp survey, comp 9 Offers as stated Terms & Cond, not cancel in 2 Offers in 30ds
so anxious is better
Mortgage Delinquencies Improve for Fifth Straight Quarter: TransUnion
...umm, I miss your tweets... where are you?
I wanna start over & take things slow & make u mine again .
- Awesome! Can you disclose the nature of this app? I am interested in the process from DPS to iTunes.
The HEAT will rise from the flames!! (i hope lol)
Rain, rain, go away!
Life is not waiting for an ACE- Life is playing the hand dealt- InSpotter app
Hey well meaning people: If you add me to an email list without my permission, you are a spammer. Even if I can opt-out. Even if you're nice
I love you, easy as that!
GM TWITTER PPL ugh at skool posted til class startz
smoke i sent u more questions to your DM, can u reply back with ur answers
"Our Checks are going to Bounce, and that's a bigger problem than what we're facing right now" Go
"I never got this far in my dreams" -Bubba Watson
Additional morning session! Jamie McDonald of on social entrepreneurship in rm 431
Where are your favorite boutiques in Minneapolis?
Better networking opportunities after the event than before.
. has just started watching the Lord of the Rings. All 11 hours of them.
Having some Irish coffee on the deck. Beautiful morning!
1D means ONE DIRECTION
We bleed black. Do you?
That one of your quotes?
Always be smarter than the people who hire you
#ItsCuteWhen I give you a certain look and only you know exactly what I mean
My life may be a mess , but I wouldn't trade one thing about it.
Wow. I got double-mentioned. Thanks! :)
RT : In 2012, by grace, I will: - Unplug more - Connect more - Give more - Laugh more - Run more ... than previous years.
Sigh. School. There's a lot of work to be done. This bus ride from the West side actually helps. I can get my reading done. 58th street ...
after Enders Game comes Enders Shadow.
The new kid in my classess>> HILARIOUS.
I don't feel good wish I missed today and not yesterday
Huge success - we raised $1000 for ARNO! Thanks again.
#Heat losses are staring to feel almost as good as #Yankees losses. Let's go #Pacers!
Hey guys if you want a tshirt or demo cd text us at 7622076500 and we can meet up!!! :)
RT : Were creating a collaborative google doc using student poetry.
when you actually love life..<U+2665>
i shall live tweet icarly in an hour. beware of explosions
Did someone turn up the heat? Stop by Dave and Andy’s cool off with your favorite frozen treat!
“: Im signing all shirts today!!!!” just ordered my shirts
I need a prom dress shopping buddy. My mom's being bitchy & all my friends got theirs over break. Awesome. Thanks guys.
Neighborhood Pick: Tomorrow is the day- opens exhibit honoring style icon Daphne Guinness' w coveted couture, jewelry & shoes!
Good nite my followers
I like how is moderating this panel with #realPeople at
not yet.
Listening to oldies and 'officially missing you' on repeat to fall asleep ;3
can u reply and follow please :D
I know!! They need more clothes.
<3 you guys so much! <3
you both need more hugs;)
Your performance >
hey are you home??
Next Tuesday, we are having a very special Mom Show in B Rip! 15 local comics compete for a spot on TV! Its FREE if u RT this and RSVP. 8:30
21 days left till is here in Houston
first attempt at dal is in the slow cooker. we'll see how this goes.
Goin to get jr. Studio later on. Man its been too long!
god morning! just finished full primary series after teaching--feels good, first time in a long while!
shoulda got the lamb ribs. Divine.
back in seattle, cant wait to go out and look at the sakura, but, OH WAIT, ITS SEATTLE! ITS RAINING!
Thanks Dalton for sharing!!!
Many Thanks for the Say-n-Play sale RT!
yay I hate this class
yes u do miss lady
I have no idea. I still think the lettuce was poisoned.
even though you came in due to injury, you played amazing. keep it up!
Ask "why did the offense slow the tempo when it was 1st and goal from the 2?" Momentum totally changed at that point.
when are you all going to Powerhouse?
For all the opprobrium that the EU is gathering from PIIGS, it did make it much easier to emigrate to Germany.
Charlie Sheen made those idiots $1.5B in net profits from his show. Are they nuts to fire him? Boycott Time-Warner, Inc. Fire their CEO
Yes and I guess I followed you a long time ago. Cause I don't think I've just recently followed you.
ha! does that mean you're plowing through?
Well won't be talking to them for a week :/
Cheers, Drink to that <3.
I have the best friends in the whole world.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): GoAnimate Unveils New Political Characters and Backgrounds
Lutisha call me! Gonna get you at 4:15
Lol yea it is so glad that i finally got to watch it i've been waiting 4 a long Time.....,
"What care I how time advances? I'm drinking ale today." - Edgar Allen Poe
love the casino!!!
I love #Sade. There, I admitted it.
love u!
For a person who didn't test allergic to local pollens, I certainly am having a hard time with nature today... sniff.
On a serious note, hope this doesn't cause more ticket scams. Has been terrible on craigslist . . .
Just smoked my first cigarette...getting ready for Paris!
PHIL OF TBE FUTURE IS GAY?! I WANT.
WORST. SEVEREWEATHER. EVER.
Yummy! RT: I just made green tea hot coco from scratch... AH-mazing. An acquired taste, but it just hits the spot. :)
Learn history. 1962 ward 8 was 80% white.By the mid 70's it was 80% black. Do u know why it changed?
Sometimes, I think music would really spice up the reading room. I'd like to hear Aretha Franklin in there.
how long is she going to be there for I get off at 430 !
Who all is going to Coachella this weekend?
just finished the last of 7 full pages of math homework which i've been working on since last thurs... yayyyy
"We shall meet in a place where there is no darkness and we will fight in the light." metalgasm
Nigga im satan's son
Thanks & for the sharing the Jessica Alba look for less & ' Family & Friends Sale details :)
Sure, HTML would be the most accessible option.
I have trouble picturing you scared. ;-)
Absolutely! Have them email me.
Just had my first shave...
Awesome name ": Today in 1960s Baseball: Indians beat Orioles 1-0 in 15; Frank Funk pitches 7 scoreless relief innings (1961)"
I was just listening to 2Pac this morning! What a beautiful poet you helped create! One Love! xoxo
If i was afraid of death, there's no way I would do the shit I do
- Love's stomp was bad. But Love doesn't have history of bad behavior like MWP does so I expect NBA will rule accordingly.
Thank you - just sent you DM.
Facebook Listen button is going to sting for many music apps
We don't have to go all the way, we'll just lie here and hold each other.
RT : Had a blast at last night. The storm was incredibly metal; too bad Austinites melt in the rain.
The traces that remain from telling those stories - the markings that remain - are what get left behind.
Awesome, gotta admit, that's part of what made me decide you were my favorite :P
Carl the Consistent.
There are lots of questions developers have that can be answered by working with the actual hardware
heard great things about 10 Sites to Engage. Wish I could have been there!
welcome- we love new members!RT : Joined the yesterday!
Quite frankly, I understand. I'm sick of those wanton cock tease table legs! Hand-turned. Ball and claw. Excuse me, I'm off to fuck a table.
not sure how long our set is there but we will be closing the show on that date!
click on tha link
stomach hurt...
fascinating what stirs you out of your twitter slumber. see you again next year. :-)
ahha weird! small world indeed! thanks a lot! how are you?
we still goin out tonight?
Coming to the end of Day 5 of #sony Service Watch. Learned today #sony's norm for a call from servicer is 7 days? Very Unacceptable...
no I didn't get in :(
lol what's temple run? and how do i not know of this?
Translation "Philly fans are bitter and choose to take it out on a A pitcher with an ERA over 5"
Thanks Yeah, We're stoked to open for Randy Rogers Band! Come out and say hey.
YOUR NIGHT HAS BEEN PLANNED. SEE YOU AT 9:30 IN iO WEST'S DEL CLOSE THEATER.
a Saturday night spent in the house -_____- <<<<<
did the fire csmause power outage
Yeah, it is one of their "partners" according to a slide in the session.
Irish Whiskey with 0.7% share of the control states spirits market was the fastest growing category with 20.6% and a 12 month trend of 18.5%
After careful consideration, only real questions I have about #Brewers now is what bat they'll trade for, and when.
$3.00 bud light & Coors light cans all night!!! $13.95 Homemade chicken pot pie dinner special.
Y E S. #dislikebutton indeed.
But I'm going to see the Someone-who-should-not-be. May get my Bathory on tonight.
Sneak dissers, that's tha shit I don't like!
Difference is,I CAN get married,but if some1 were 2 tell me I couldn't I wud b furious bcuz who is any1 2 tell me! Jus really pisses me off!
Went to Vanilla Bake Shop...Love the Black Raspberry Cupcake, a creamy fruity center.
<3 U RT : Happy valentines day to my Favs at ! Luv you guys so much!
RT #Goog+ less social more about having people use full circle of apps: think collaboration
there is snow falling in haymarket
when i clean my room i find everything!!!
And it's just another boring night in langhorne
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
#WhatIMissMost coin operated pay phones.
Thanks so much for the follow. Impressive blog! Congrats on Dark C A R M A.
you said you wanted to spend the rest of your life with me
are you going to Sasquatch this year?!
self deprecating tweet.
aww good luck to u too! and thanks =)
What book(s) are you reading this month?
Getting my hair styled after a haircut: "You like a lot of volume in your hair, right?" me-"yes" *pulls out flat-iron* ...waitaminute...
I am not a great romantic but yet, I yearn for affection.
thanks 4 following.
Heading to Plymouth, WI on Saturday night ! Playing at Wild Shots, cheers !! 9pm
Spoke 2 design school students on what makes good exhibition catalogue. Top skill: pretending 2 know what makes good exhibition catalogue.
Baby you showed me what living is for. I don't wanna hide anymore. <3
happy holidays Michael
we can do this!
11:16pm. debating making some coffee.. its like being in college.. Would be better with my Hollins ladies here!
Pflugerville HS Senior is arrested for making terroristic threats against the school. Police say he bragged about the incident.
hahaha! Could you hear me?
once heard someone order a fajita using the j from junk and the i from chai
Finally getting round to updating the web site..all very exciting.
haha I know! Who knows if he even works there anymore!
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
Assumption freshmen step up on pitch
Damn she even has on mitch match shoes lmao oh man this shit is too damn funny.
Kudos to Communication Professor and Director of International Programs for joining the twitter world.
"Don't dream it. Be it." -Richard O' Brien
Couldn't sleep. Thinking about work too much.
Congrats to the Netherlands today, those goals were beautiful.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
i like people who smell good
Seven lighted, hard surface tennis courts are located on the east side of the Fitness Center.
Thanks for the mention!
Dying while giving birth
The Norm Macdonald/Hitler mustache bit was hilarious. Great job today on Rome.
I really hope whoever invented Peanut Butter and Jelly in the same jar is loaded and smoking a big fat cigar right now
thanks for the clarification - yah, there are BUYERS out there, and sellers too...what recession???
Still at the station, should be back around 11.
where? how?
Eh, not now. I'm trying to stop being frustrated & try to get my mind off of this. But it's hard since I feel super hurt . .
#lovegettingtold you've got mail. I still like for my computer to be friendly from time to time.
Got those work outfits
"Life is too short to stress about pointless crap." The wisdom of Mr.Schuett
Shitty waitress @ brunchies. I mean she's trainin someone & they're helpin all of their tables cept for ours.. I mean damn there's 2 of em!
Cards are back in the air
Really impressed w/ & his improvement. Any school worried about his size is missing his heart, leadership & he's a winner
Good principals would tell teacher to create cool lessons and let the tests take care of themselves.
Mad Men, a quilt binding, ice water. My Monday night is WILD!
“: I c lightning.. <U+26A1><U+2614> gonna be a rainy night :/” the sun will come out tomorrow(:
Is it supposed to rain?
": per OSU, 40,000 tix have been sold for the spring game. The State Up North only had 25,000 at their spring game #Buckeyes"
never heard of him...self rebranding time. Get used to it.
still cloudy and rainy in Sactown. #wtf? it *is* may correct!?
Heading home to make stir-fry and debate implications of Emanuel decision w H
TONIGHT WE GONE TURN UP FOR BDAY BASH AT ELIXER!! #EnvyMeEnt & #SavageLifeEnt IS IN THE BUILDING!!! YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!!!
you should be on your dads show as a contestant! youd kick ass
Fruits and veggies from the coop, check. Tomato soup, broccoli soup, and veggie soup, check. #Saturday =
it makes no damn sense!!
I will be wearing mine too
We started working on 17 new jobs this week alone. Thanks Milwaukee and surrounding areas for allowing us to serv you.
Feel so overwhelmed with everything
We live in Lauraville, work in Arlington, and play all over this city! We love it here!
'Stay hungry, stay foolish'
I love my auntie. She just dropped me off a care package :)
Don't the #Pens see how bad Bryzgalov is? They should fire every single puck to the net from every angle. He is as clueless as Fleury.
Less then 10 hours of sleep in 3 days, makes me think Jack is turning into a zombie.
....and the exhaustion sets in....<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Is that #Jupiter I see out tonight?
hey! I heard the wonderful news! Yay! So exciting!!! Finally, fate has intertwined! Trumpets shall sound when at last we meet.
So my future CEO comes home today. I'm excited to share many new investment strategies with him.
hehe, u add me on facebook?
Hey people I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful ! Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
That's very cool!
2mi @ 8:22/mi. (including re-tying one set of shoelaces)
I miss you...:| just scared to say it.
just sent you an email
I'm addicted to Whuuuuueat Thins BBQ flavor!
I don't want to get up <U+E058><U+E416>
wallie tweets we had a good meeting last night actually. Talk to tank 357 for details or email with any ?s
Great concert, love your two step! Thank you from the Chicago Mudd office !
Paulina Porizkova - Photos | Images Wide Art
talking about #OSM brite and new design for gorgeous maps.
Currently RT : Rondo is still dribbling....
Glad it worked out. I know we had some email issues. Thanks for coming!
Jesus enters Safeco
The calm before the storm. Headed 2 the Tempe, AZ Improv 4 my shows this weekend. If u luv 2 laff stop by
Hey!! Not much, just workin. We need to get together soon, I need to hear how your book is coming.
who said i was judging
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
GET RO TO 90,000 TODAY! Spread the word! #Robotz lets do this! :)
Now Playing <U+266A> Bluebird by
Really HLN, custody battle over a dog is "Prime News?"
GIVE ME RIVERA
good to hear, let's keep the pressure on
Gus Johnson is doing Madden 12...make sure you have the volume turned down before starting up the game.
I-75 southbound between Exit 159-KY 22 and Mile Point 160 north of Scott County. All lanes are blocked. Detour planned. 5 hours delay.
The future of humanity will be decided not by relations between nations, but by relations between women and men. -- DH Lawrence
i swear my dad catches the only attitude.
Lots of interest in crowdsourcing--follow along on the Ggl doc.
2010 resolution. Create my own work and stop letting others create it for me.
why do these types of movies always use the same shitty fonts to tell us we're in a different place? I guess helvetica isn't dramatic enough
Congrats to for earning December "Intern of Month" honors.
Keeping her ear to the ground, always.
Well that explains the smell of beer.
He tweeted that after talking about trip to White House. Don't think it means anything negative.
oh my god im so sick of fighting with you im over this. please stop messaging me leave me alone!
off to cucuta, colombia.. \<U+263A>/
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Beautiful website by the way!
Harry's butt (____|____) haha this girl who was looking at a magazine drew it when I was in the store
:D i love austin so much!!!
Hi Shannon
Miami's baksetball coach is an angry, angry man
Mom cleaned my room and did my laundry. Benefits of living at home at 25
Is the Washington Post really asking "Should we build a Death Star?" I think we already know the answer.
I need to calm down... Goodnight..</3
I simply run on my own time
Today my son here his wisdom teeth cut out...ugh......
Playing at Andrew and Jakes old high school tomorrow!
richie farmer's not doing anything
Can't sleep and getting new headshots this morning. Hopefully the dark circles can be covered with makeup. :(
Just had the best caramel frap..I want another <3 <U+2615>
My boyfriend, Jonny Orsini gives a wonderful performance in #EarlyHistoryofFire at Meryl Streep said so!
You can take what's yours, but don't you dare take what's mine.
#onmywishlist is sailing in the BVI
Hell yea, call him out kathie.
Love the list by Willis: 1. nexus of forms, 2. literacy crises, 3. reading and writing, 4. picturing crisis, 5. scholarly potential
Going tomorrow after work, finally.
:) thanks Sir.
#Diemonds by is gonna be #SummerKickOffSong. Fuckin' love it!
#furchat I also have seen people use the anxiety excuse to have a "service animal" which i think is a fabulous idea, teehee :P
Thanks for the follow !
hahaha too true. Too bad it doesn't get out the wrinkles.
how was ur day?
RT : They say everything BIGGER N Texas does that mean wetter too!? #WetDreams find out may 25th
Today I had a great meeting with an agent and he right away signed me! :)
Will do
eChalk is sharing the love at eTech Ohio 2012! Stop by booth 741 for demos, to view sample websites and more!
Fuck ya feelings though...
Get your heads in the game and quit standing around!!!!! WTF!!
I'm feelin' the need for speed
Recovering from an awesome day of Solstice celebrating with many amazing people. So grateful for community.
Happy New Year everyone! I'd love to hear some of your resolutions!
#amexzappos new Amex twitter sync allows for instant coupons...learned that at
Before the sex pop off I rub his back :-)
I've had a great day off
Cars broke down at Walmart. Bout to run in the woods and have works raise me for 5 years
No, except it's ETHIOPIA!
This Diesel is ferocious.
i am doing ok. it is raining like crazy in
Starting now or for the last 24?
"The mistakes that are made now are made for all time." —Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us
#election #fraud in #Russia? most likely
she started it...
is the guy down the street ? Cuz then it's less cool
I'm pissin on ur ego!
MT : #elpasoans showed their collective will to not have #austin dictate neither future nor identity. Leadership w/ action = results.
At this point in the game it's pretty hard to actually study- which is why I have turned to Twitter
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 6
Is it still raining real hard in Houston? If it is I wonder if it's headed this way?
do u remember me 1st of all?
He lies. She cries. He's not sorry, but he apologizes. She complains, he doesn't change. But yet, she still stays.
for chocolates, beer and porcelain, of course. and wooden clogs.
why did you stop uploading your videos to Youtube?
I knew it! Are you friends with AMH?
Buford based Okabashi shoes celebrates 25 years of comfort sandals, slides and flip-flops for men, women, and kids. www.okabashi.com/25.
pasting a link to the new movement dr robotnik song in 15 mins
Sorry to hear you're experiencing problems with your computer. Have u tried reaching out to ?
All the while trying to keep my Spirit from breaking... Continued next tweet
Have you ever "Spring Cleaned" your finances and budget? Put it on your calendar, especially if the idea scared you.
I can read people ....
Today's #Super smoothie: Celery, cucumber, pears, 1 strawberry, orange wedge,grapes, 4 oz yogurt &1/2 c water! Blend & enjoy! (some frozen)
they've played UK tough this season. They've come a long way from losing to Cleveland St
I be could be his perfect girl but it's not the perfect time..
without precondition....Obama cracking up! Love it!
. . . to get it out of your head and onto a piece of paper.
Can I pay in tessarae?
My guess would be american standard - seafood, steaks, chicken, pork, excellent salads, maybe light pasta dish, wine!
Canker sores are the worst! I have had several the past few weeks. Wish I could figure out what is causing them.
Dat Will See If I Really Was On His Mind
Hearing the words & wisdom of Mr.Malcom X @ the Schomburg .
Having school on good Friday.
Perfect Fit! RT We have selected David DeCastro, guard from Stanford in the first round.
Colts will win by 7 points today and it should be a really good game. Be careful what you eat and stay below 3,000 calories if possible.
Writing a literature review is a lot harder than it looks.
I'm too mad to tweet right now smfh
About time Knicks...
Hey Coach! What is Coach Wilson's twitter?
DO U?! RT #IAlwaysWonderIf MGK isever going to tell whether he watched dragonball z or not
. Did someone say vodka!? "I put that shit in everything."
Truth: I would rather try to carry ten plastic bags of groceries in each hand than take two trips to bring in my groceries.
We can be together, or we can give eachother space. The night young, we should head over to my place.
LMAO @ the lakers. If they lose, black twitter is gonna go insane.
smh “: Wasted sitting outside of Copa and it's about to rain wtf”
ah yes
Wade & Lebron Can't spell HEAT without HATE!
This big black guy is teaching my "booty bouncin workouts" at the gym right now... Don't know whether to be amused or scared. #bootywork!
Its opening night!!!
i forget i have a facebook at times. i don't use / view it too often.
5pm tailgate on Saturday
Don’t look for opportunities, instead look for problems; the solutions to those problems will be your opportunities
did u see appointment of carol Wallace to customer advisory board? We just issued release.
LMAO! your mass hungry...here we go again lol
Live Webcast - September 1st. Iridium Jazz Club - EST- shows 8
I'll have to wait until I have speakers. Nuts.
That moment when you realize you're missing the season finale & you forgot to DVR it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I did not wear a blazer.
#JayZSyncShow son do you know what I'm stopping you for?
I have great vision but I don't see a failure.
Sweet dreams. Get well soon... ;) RT Good night!
": hey what's going on?? oh & I want to see Nia tomorrow- we'll be home
I have a bird and a spider... do I qualify?
Yum <3 Nate Archibald
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 1st. Still no score after 1 complete.
Because I am almost the two-millionth fan of I demand that they release the 1984 playoffs on DVD
come join us Friday night for 1st Friday @ 3 little birds salon 7-10pm
Landed in Chicago. Headed to ASTD in the am
Thank you!
Affordable shared and private office space for rent. Let me give you a tour, we have the largest art gallery in San Diego!
Father time, he's not the boss of me ... Clock out, father time!!
Is the emphasis on "wake up" or "morning"?
but eye like those spikes
FRIDAY MARCH 9th at , Copperheads/Chapter24/White Mystery/Night Beats! RT and tell all yer friends, you won't wanna miss it!
Welcome to twitter!
Reading -____- I hate school
Still hard for me to believe that is only 17 haha :)
aright. Ima do it. Haha it's telling someone I like them
Thanks for the RT!
Love our new profile pic, pops out in my Tweetdeck view
True story, 's eye brow lady is in the office today setting up shop.
YES YES YES YES THIS IS WHY WE DONT BUNT
i love how much you have changed you have always and will always be beautiful inside and out.
It's Friday...which seat will you choose? The back...or front?
I know what means!
The Times (London) digital archive is sweet! Read an 1833 court case article surrounding The History of Mary Prince: A West Indian Slave...
Finally getting the hang of Git although I haven't used all of the commands yet.
Anyone have good photos of insect damage on archival collections? I could really use some illustrations for a presentation.
Tell Metta World Peace to show Ty Lawson some of that "elbow love"
Oh and church was awesome!! I want that painting!!
Be assured that any worthwhile action will create change and attract support. – Philip Marvin
how about you just buy an ac? lol
Do you really think Justin Bieber is the father of that 20 year old women baby?
Headed to Hanlees Been trying to get them to make good on our contract. A month later, nothing.
from one coloradian to an other I think you are the best looking woman in the wwe
Was good to hear you on Austin Radio the other day, Rob. Hope you and the fam are doing well despite assumed shortage of TexMex.
All good things must come to an end! :(
#2012c19 here we come!
I had a #Reds fan refer to me, as a #Brewer fan, as a Hillbilly. Not sure how to respond to that.
i am happy to say i got some good sleep
Im so.exited hunger games is here
You're welcome! Just discovered your operation and found it much of it pertinent to our own efforts.
Pete do you feel that green bay can turn that defense around? Will they be able to improve the pass rush?
lol gotta tell my meme i did something way out of the ordinary
If I can't go to a store and brag about stealing gum the day before, then what's the point in stealing gum? WTF
ikr they are
"Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of #love. -
very funny LOL
I read when it first came out and loved them! Reminded me of the bookThe Most Dangerous Game
you are a fucking dick head and I am reporting you to twitter. i'm 100% sure it was you, if now, it was
MON @ THE SMILING MOOSE = OPEN @ 2pm! 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE!
aw thank you so much, i love you guys too :) <3
have fun recording your new album! I'm sure it's going to be amazing.
O's passed on chance to draft the TOP RATED player, Anthony Rendon .... SMART MOVE !!!!
negative. we do stories on them.
waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought, useless and disappointing. #cinderellastory <3
BREWERS!! Always feels good to put up a crooked number in the 1st.
RT: Weather here in #orlando is great and is even better, thanks for everything!
Looking for a place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday? Look no further - is where the party's at!
We should have a meal before or after the play on Sunday!
anyone want to go to Elsa's tonight to jack LaRussa in the face?
Britney Spears' 'Till The World Ends' Video: The Key Scene
New southpark tonight though ,yeah#
San Diego, California Weather :: 69F A FEW CLOUDS: 69F A FEW CLOUDS
I have them all on VHS. The Sum of Us is also good and stars Russel Crowe before anyone here knew who he was.
I'm busy all week! :(
Working on it! :) ": Heey! I've heard some of your covers and I love them! Have you recorded any own songs??"
#prsun - Meeting at Joe's Place this p.m. with the PRSUN 10th anniversary committee. )
Do something this year! Get involved with us - we want to change the world with you.
Got to renew my love for burning paint off of woodwork yesterday. What will I do when there's no more woodwork left to strip in my house?
Thanks back. Interesting product. I shall list it on my site for author services. Take care.
Just not into manifest destiny.
Good Morning Atlanta, What did everyone do this weekend?
hows everyone today?
You didnt understand what i could be, everything i was you couldnt see. So let me ask u how do u like me now? ;)
February specials will be here soon! What are you hoping your Valentine gives you?
Maybe a Frank's Red Hot/ Ketchup mix?
Really think Blaker Parker is due his shot, sure to come in the next couple months
Lot's of exciting things brewing in Invizio land. Be on the lookout!
This would be awful loss... Up 24 at one point, at home, crowd amped... Gotta finish
uGH WHY ME?!
Wishing you and your loved ones a very Merry Christmas!
Wow...just showed Pence of Astros hugging players and he leaves because he is traded. He is gone in the middle of the game!
Your new pic is fun.
did my sis start woekin on that track?
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
EXCITED for NY and the #webbys!
only saying words like "yep" "okay" "yea" "sure" "no" "nope" and "love you too" when talking on the phone with your mom
I ordered $20 worth of food for myself just so I could get a burger delivered. I'll blame it on delirium from my fever.
Oh! It's 8/3, right? I think I just might swing it. Maybe if we petition Stevie, you two can have a fan dance face off, yes?!
I <3 you!!!! Thanks for coming to are me while I was in my "coma" ;)
why u so amazin
great meeting you at the bottom of the elevator at the hotel homie, small world from rok vegas gigs to now. Hollar if you in lv
*celebratory dance* Yes!!!
Thanks! We're very proud to have the support of NYC as we encourage healthy lifestyles through sport and fitness.
Nothing! I've burned 8-Ks and 10-Qs for fuel. Once drank an annual report. RT Gave myself a papercut on a 10-K
We miss you so very much! RT : Even if I can't actually be AT I can have a little of it here.
Kk omg I need help so bad
oh sorry. it was two images of pope benedict and emperor palpatine. they look exactly alike.
Catherine Tate on The Office! Wizard!
Showing Wake Up Wiser with APIs Small business brain food at start of day. #reinventlocal. puppies nice touch
I'm like a kid in a candy store looking for that perfect piece of candy, then you came along and became the sweetest thing in my world.
Having a sing song in the park with
The egg men say that in your Grade A dozen there's a tolerance of 2 or 3 Grade B eggs. We've been eating them all the time! [1944]
biyombo or boozer wit da spray paint
Going to Summit? Ryan getting one too?
If I can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather not be in it...#true story
Smoking cigarettes is gross.
follow yours truly
That awkward moment when someone asks you what’s wrong and they’re the problem.
Cowboys miss the 1st, & 2nd is good....
that's not a fair comparison because he had way better shoes than Rivers has....
Absolutely! Caramel and chocolate and nuts and more!!!!
funny...I was about to tweet you "is that sand?"
Every time I fly, I think of Steve Buscemi, "Please do a good job, please do a good job..." when they're disarming the nuke.
guess i shouldve hedged some out on kansas
Too early for me to be stressed smh
That glow in the dark all yellow and green with a lil pink and much harry oh I mean fur of animals that pur
what channel you got it on? Lol
RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely. We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Gotta get bck in the studio. Been too long
RT Exercise is as important as or more important than a good diet, but implementing both together is the optimum.
is GL on twitter?
they should put crosby, malkin, neal on the same line with letang and orpik on defense
you guys have your meeting today?
I need my consigliere.
Bummer. I just got this thing, mostly for the HRM.
Girl at the cougar walk needs to get better at making mexican bowls, especially since its her job, I intentionally avoid her if I can.
are you at shakas ?(:
Job change in my future! Just handed in my notice.
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating ;)
School tomorrow...AGAIN!!! Fml -.-"
It's my favorite day of the year: we just put the Christmas ornaments out!! They're all so beautiful. Come in and pick out your favorite!
bitches wanna be honey cocaine , lookin like syrup crack lol
JOEY DORSEY, THROW IT DOWN BIG MAN!
Ha! Maybe they aged out of the teddy bear industry?
Oh yeah round table means I have to participate.
IS NOT THAT BABY DADDY
haha we gonna be late
George Zimmerman will be charged with the Murder of Trayvon Martin. It just has been announced.
agreed. I am studying my languages a bit more.
can't remember my spideroak login & it's so darn secure, it won't give it to me in any way or with any hints. now that's secure.
Q2. I have problems finding editors who also can be business minded about their pubs.
First up is an engineer/producer named Phil Ramone. He's a s. african musical prodigy, playing violin at 3 and for the queen at 10!!
RT Gotcha! Michaels twitter is and Aaliyah's is there you go! ;)
I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus... is that not the craziest thing you've ever heard... and its TRUE!!!!
Two years at most.
One of them did, I think. The video only had four, so I guess so. Sad.
Excellent halftime show, now let NY kick some NE butt!!
We will can watch your concert online ? I'm french i can't come to NYC :(
found 100% vegan cupcakes over here!
Real Is On The Rise......
I've pulled muscles on both sides of my neck...
Congrats, to Jo-Willy Tsonga for his win at Qatar. He may be a sleeper at the Aussie Open.
I didn't forget your birthday!?
Done taken a shower:) nd i finally finished scool:D
Very much so! Probably me more than :)
Thesis: our country will solve the unsolvable through tech & innovation
I wanna watch the Adjustment Bureau but the Homerun Derby is winning out in my house OF COURSE.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
And that's why you all timeouts! Touchdown!!
Wasn't paying attention in class until I heard "mini pigs, the new way to test chemicals" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
He should have stated away from Glastonbury. That did them in!
You bet. I really enjoyed it. My phone had no service in the room otherwise I would have tweeted it.
Happy Independence Day to Everyone! Enjoy the Festivities!
: Heyy I saw you today :) haha
Totally agree. I used to be completely in love with my Charge. Now I'm starting to think it's a POS
Exclusive tour inside the home demolished by a suspected drunk driver.
Welp that didn't take long RT : Former #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson lasted 4 days on #Buccaneers roster. Waived today, team announced.
suellen's currently dying her hair some sort of gay color (;
Restaurant impossible plus design on a dime plus kitchen cousins = well done scripts network
The light is on m
RT if you're going to see on June 1st in Belfast at the Odyssey Arena!
Omg loving these california kidz they are ze best
Hey SLIS Indy folks! Follow us for ALISS updates and events.
maybe it was memphis.....
I envy you the maturity to step back, realize something is not working for you and move on. College and even grad school is expected
Ask ya homies that's following you still go to the y
I so love my church!!!! City of Praise
i was expanding possibilities of resolving the challenge ;)
Hey love
How are you an NBA player and you don't come into a playoff game prepared to play with energy and box out.
The Grapes of Get A Damn Job, Hippies #classicnovelsequels #amIplayingthisright?
I'm askin what would u say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just nasty I'm just askin?
What you doing babe! And how do you know she's fake! I trust you but I'm saying how did u figure it out!
New Zealand&#39;s &#39;Dr. Bogan&#39; earns heavy metal doctorate
Eventful weekend being a tourist in my own city.
The devil should really start paying me. I'm such a good advocate.
haha him too(: so when are you going to see the hottie totties?!
Valid Points Being Made During The #CNN Western Republican #Debate! Your Thoughts?
I believe that Nathan would suit a thong
About to walk to the store.
I gotta know who said this! Outstanding!
no probs darling no rush! big love x
MT : Use QR reader with iPhone to assist with mobile #reqmts - Virtual #reqmts Facilitation
Working with today. Wonder how much an hour he's paying me?
haha nope the Boston commuter rail:)
thank you for following us.. it really mean a lots to us.. Thanks!
It was a nice attempt but this one seemed to be reaching too much.
Somehow blew away /bin on my dev server. And this is why I use Daily backups..even on dev boxes.
Just got a fantastic idea for a DIY 428 gig hard drive. Now all he needs is a dremel and that old computer of his...
...they're not going to do that promotion again, are they? They can't be that dumb...
I love you! Please RT if you love all you Texas iconicas!!!
Thanks dude!!!
If people can abuse greyhounds then panthers are soon to follow.
Morning Folks. Happy Hump Day!
Wonder Why You Can't Date A Good Female ? Try Calling Them Something Different Than "Bitch" Or "My Hoe" Smfh.
#Brewers and #Blackhawks both playin tonight.
Employers, what's the number one thing you look for in a entry level employee?
Who ever put two Anti-Patriot stickers on my car today at school, good job thanks for thinking about me today.
Follow Us at the original Account !
i love looking on forever 21 they have so many cute shirts!
sounds like fun. hope you had a good bid whist partner
Get on my level
Is your home leaving you red in the face? We'll make it blue, tan or grey!
I don't know what I'm more sad about. The fact I leave today, or the fact I go back home to my family. Lol
Capcom is just straight up trolling megaman right now.
Dyeing my hair tomorrow! Woohoo back to red!
Wicked & Weird
was rocking that female Brotank today
Only had 5 hours of sleep . -_-
It was so boring. Lol.
Thanks, Jen. Hope you have a great birthday weekend.
don't do it, its nasty here today
": #Bucks have reportedly signed Mike Dunleavy, Jr."
Asphalt Contractors’ of Minnesota are you enjoying your workshop at the Earle Brown Heritage Center?
hurray, Internet, connecting long-lost kindred spirits! cc
s/o the best makeup artist in the SFL...
In the event it was red herrings. Seriously.
Rudy May threw the first pitch in the "new" Stadium, and the Twins' Dan Ford hit the first homer.
you said you enjoyed playing os bc it was easy though excePt We took over
Romney: it isn't a vast left-wing conspiracy, just a whole lot of people who don't like you. Learn the difference, please.
Western Kentucky has 140 total yards in the 1st half versus 220 yards for LSU. J Jefferson has taken all snaps and is 6-10 for 139.
oh my gosh that was weird! And remember mrs. karmine or whatever her name was?? She got me in trouble lol.
Jeremy Renner. See when I like an actor I have to state my claims immediately #markingthatterritory #yeahimthatfangirl haha
Whoopin ass in a little 3 mile run <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
M, stogie and a beer after a long day of editing.
Foster children have voices that need to be heard!
you do?
Just had a great rehearsal. Now time for that p 90 X.
goodness it sucks!
Headed to USC hospital.. Hope all goes well
I been snappin necks and cashin checks
Jumped on the twitter train!
I really need a whole day outside in the sun. Maybe it will improve my mood.
EVERYBODY!!!!!! Stop what ur doing and check out this new T-pain song called 5 o clock in the morning. Its the shit.
A Shout out to BofA_Help! What a Fantastic service Bank of America provides, with very professional and personable staff! Hats off to You!!
oh my god, I start work tomorrow!
Letting go of someone u love is the hardest thing u can ever do but its the only thing u can do to prove u don't need them & that ur strong
Seems rather tame versus the amount of whining I am seeing in my feed today.
What kind of job was it? I know a great printer I can refer you to for future stuff.
where's Lubbock?!
very much so! haha.
Struggling to come up with a killer poster idea for upcoming film. Looking for inspiration. Anyone?
#TheTruth Im goin to bed, Night Twitter.
FB timeline tip: use "milestones" feature to communicate your mission visually.
"All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his." ~ Oscar Wilde
keeping you in my thoughts today. Please update us to let us know what is going on.
Tell stories your audience will like
Just saw my new room in Texas! I even got a walk-in-closet and my own bathroom! Finally!
Perhaps T-mobile should spend less time making "our network is faster than yours" ads, and more time making said network faster.
:D I'll be pink. You can be blue.
I'm so hungry for more, better, higher, deeper, greater...
A kiss is worth a thousand words, so kiss me, sweep me off my feet, throw me into the wall, and take my breath away...
I MISS YOU <333333333
“Music is the mediator between the life of the senses and the life of the spirit.” Beethoven (1770-1827
we wish you were here!
Hey bro did you get the study guide packet done? if so call me homie
I don't think eithet half of the spectrum is responsible for that. Individuals demonize and box up, not all left or right.
Thank you for playing devil's advocate, Barry. We'll release the triple-bottom line impact model and fin plan asap
There's only one Dunkin Donuts coffee keurig cup left in the apartment.
You are too cute! RT New Follower LUV!!! Cyberly in love with you *hearts*
Contact us for tickets at $15 at Maximum Exposure 2012 in Long Beach. Many good bands. Keep an eye on us for updates on full band recording!
I tried to buy Dt.Coke from a machine & got a white CocaCola can. If it confused a vendng guy, it will fool & kill a diabetic.
it's just, the voters are mostly middle-aged white guys who don't see half the shows anyways, and then vote.
Jury duty sux! I do not care about other people's business! And they can keep their stinkin' $15 compensation!
RT in the end small things were coming out that I had questioned, but I just let it ride out.
Houston is so very diverse, but even we're surprised at all the different nationalities & social groups we get at our place!
how are you?
Yep! I don't why I couldn't at first. Just kept trying! :)
YAH JUST FILLED OUT THAT FOR Y'ALL
haha yes you did. miss ya. hopefully youll take a chicago trip.
just woke up about twenty two minute s ago so nm
thanks for your response on LSS.
Bitch Im in this thang
Lol. Must be some kind of larger-than-life 3D lens filter. Great post btw! Congratulations to the graduates.
Has 3 seconds been cut out of the rule book in the league? I know traveling has just curious
Time to get creative and do some writing... Is it lunch time yet?
6-0 Stanford run right now. First run of the second half, gives #Stanford 56-52 lead with 5:40 to play over
thanks big foot. Life is a bitch sometimes but it's okay now :)
Lol I wasn't calling you ugly.
say hi to Tom Harrington for me if you see him.
web designing and creating!
#np ft #tip - Wish You Would... That first verse, LUDA! #classic track
I LOVE the taste of water!!! So refreshing!!! :)
11 days left for the #PristineEmpire #CreativeGraphics sale! Put in your graphic orders in and get 50% off PE clothing!
. um, did we just get #packers advice from a spammer?
- oh, I was serious.
Scrounging up change to go to Le Gallery before the AP Stats test
If you follow us and are at the Casbah at this very moment, and you are reading this tweet on a smartphone, you are not a plumber. Shit!
Huge problem. RT : Shaq has a problem, and it's thinking that he's entertaining on Inside.
Did they? cause it is fucking up my chi big time
Protect your dreams. Let people wonder. Nobody needs to constantly know your next move.
you with lillie still?
hold out for both, you're worth it!
I'm going to see if I can find it online later, I like watching stuff like that.
My pleasure! How close is the countdown?
#usy73suk3swvyhs random words
Shooting ten pages a day.
Hey can you help me out? Give me some advice?
you should have!!!
too tired to get dressed to go out haa
& yes, i somewhat saw in my dream your address to where you live & that you were my cousins :l NO JOKE. but, it was a dream.
RT : Facebook says over 200 million are accessing Facebook via it's mobile device
I take yoga once a week as my recovery workout. Everyone should take a form of it.
Harlan, survive the night. Strange dreams. I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream...
Everyone is all on instagram and I still use my photobucket..... -_-
. I finally figured out my drag name, "Ava Jyna."
Looks like no dinner for ashie poo
Hanging out with my dog and cat reading Jonathan Gruber's Health Care Reform comic book.
I hadn't realized the two course-redesign projects were at odds with each other until reading that.
I know it is almost uselessly small, but remote desktop into your xp box from your iPhone is just plain fun...
that's how im feeling.. I blame you.. in a good way .
tonight I will have nightmares of candy!
Rangers rangers rangers rangers! better yet Josh Hamilton
use iFontMaker on the iPad & use your full sig as the ^ symbol - then you just use that font on your Mac and type the ^ - voila!
I find the idiom of using #hashtags as a punchline more odious. Adding #fail, for example.
Great way to take advantage of todays low rates.....consider refinancing to a shorter term!! Most borrowers will save ten's of thousands $$$
Man American Dad never misses.
One follower away from being at 1400!!!!! Come on people shout outs and everything let's go!
Roses are red, violets are blue. Now youre with her & im happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. Im just kidding, i want her dead.
Today I am finally graduating with my Master's degree from Appalachian State University! Yippee!
OMG its so hot in Vegas right now smh
Closing in on 100 Facebook likers. Free CD to the 100th.
ok, it is official ... i am buying that tutu!
No problem and yes everything is going well
that's legit nuts! I wasn't on Tumblr for 7 days...so I can sympathize with you <3 lmfaoo
hi gorgeous!
Just got a bad case of the hiccups at the liquor store.
MBS and Treasuries Holding Gains Into Afternoon. Stocks Move Lower Still
Merry Christmas to you. :)
Raining again on the sunshine coast. 2 floods in the last month - enough already!
yes I can't wait. Now we should look at a rb.
Democrats get back at the Republicans on their Christmas list by giving them fruitcakes. Republicans re-wrap them and send them to in-laws.
RT : I think reminds us that politics is capable of honor.
makes corn agnolotti as good as You can 2 in fall2012 w/ 's Flavors From a Jersey Italian cookbook
And in the end, its us crazy ppl who land up to be the sane ones -.-
Not yet. Contractions are starting to get real though. I'm thinking tomorrow... maybe Sunday.
A flop then a three!!! gtfoh!!
Our flight has been delayed to go see 'm pretty pissed.
Congrats to , who went undrafted, played in the CFL, and just signed a $49 million deal with the Dolphins.
Listening to this plead riddim mix... Madd ting!!
Is this some sort of dream sequence #Glee???
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
you wish xD P.L.U.R.<3
Thanks for doing the video yesterday & sorry I wasn't there. Pretty sure it's gonna be awesome tomorrow :)
RT ...and yes, i'm currently tweeting to my 5 followers....with no online poker, i'm exceedingly bored. (so are 100k others, lol)
Nick Johnson's injuries have been a running joke with my roommate. Poor guy!
Everyday that I'm blessed with is another chance for me 2 correct my mistakes and be closer to God.Tomorrow is promised 2 no 1.
And we're off! #dcchallenge with
#ThingsIDislike chart music these days
Ouch...it happens! I'm a better tourney player so that's where I'll focus. Big score and I'll think differently but not until
We just added three shows to the December calendar! It's going to be a great winter!
Let's get #BieberHasLadyParts to trend I know we can do it!
that's right, bank boy, you TAKE CARE OF MY SHIT
Not true of my former UVA colleagues. MT Professors who don't collaborate or experiment before tenure are unlikely to after.
If I do a twitcam would anyone watch?
Graduate education should include better preparation for teaching. Teaching is what connects us all.
better win the gingerbread competition! That Bromo Seltzer Tower is hot stuff.
My pleasure. Smart stuff!
Hm... #Irene is making me miss some Saturday sessions at #saa11 Can I wake up early enough to go to 8AMs to compensate?
I am SO awesome :) Hbu?
RT : Come visit , , & others at #NRAShow in the FCSI Ask the Design Experts booth #6000 FCSI = free...
Ooh sounds like a great recipe to share ;)
me.amigo vive en el Ecuador y haciendo un protector en Ecuador
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A same-sex couple can raise children through adoption, foster care or in vitro, but they can't get married.
sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me. RT : I will never unplug you. I will keep you with me forever.
Sad to see Gourmet stopping publication
Linderella's Coach Turns Back Into Pumpkin
it will be nice weather by thurs. come on down
Biz Markie rocked it at the Howard Theater party last nite w Big Tigger. See Biz Markie 4 another grown&fab event tmrrw nite-Embassy Suites
omfg i wanna die right now
I hate it when them ghetto girls be like "Oh hes my baby ZADDY!" when they talk about a celeb..like no...go somewhere!
Live Laugh Love!
For those looking for he's been sent to Twitter jail
Hey here's some lacrosse news for you. North Carolina upsets No. 1 John Hopkins 13-9.
cause he's definitely going to have a meet n greet(:
I wonder why they don't make lizard-flavored cat food. I know my cat would be on board for that!
Those 5 missed
Nice to meet you all!
Good night Madness!
um no ur fault
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
back to stm for the next two days
Damn RIP MCA
you're welcome! tell your friends about us man :)
Friday & Saturday Cafe Special: $9.50 Corned Beef & Cabbage
No, No, Right
excellent job tonight. Such a powerful story! Thank you.
Excuse my French, but I'm in France.
Go against the grain and I never catch a splinter...
cool story bro, im not.
is a great bar in TriBeCa hosting some New York Fashion Week events - definitely worth checking out
Just seeing this now... wish we crossed paths!
Off to to get my #corefusion on with
When you are talking about why u wont ask ur crush out and one of your best guy friends says let me handle this one, I gott you!
on fraud, waste, abuse; it's not just having data, but the quality of data that makes an impact.
“: RT If you are proud to be part of Eminem's #10MillionStans :) <U+2665>”
- Is there a book in you? Follow and : author-publishing-social media tips daily.
So ready for the weekend.... What are you doing for fun?
#Word2TheWise RelationSHIPS don't take long to sink when you have more than two people on board.
What a beautiful night last sat!
Stevie Wonder is amazing - love how he can lift everyone's spirits even at an occasion like Whitney Houston's funeral service.
Thanks for the RTs - - Look forward to tweeting with you more on #NFC!
I hope it's good :) Think kindly for me and my loans. CONGRATS to you on your Provincetown fellowship!! Sounds wonderful.
#sacscoc How many hrs/week do you expect students to study? Probably more than they do!
It's too early. What's up with the Henny?
So its a cold day in h3$% I'm starting to use twitter...oh gosh welps if i didnt kno something I guess I do now huh.....smh
Mike gas a terrible mind
nvm my bad
Rush also isn't a poor man. Not everyone in this country is rich.
OK buddy I'm all signed up. looks nice!
Blah.! Only for your graduation and if I go okay.? :p
#cafeperrin fish tacos and fish fry every Wednesday and Friday for 40 days!
got a dose of some wayward spirulina, eh? ugh. feel better.
did you guys receive door hangers?
and now u want my brother lmao
RT: When you deal with assholes, you learn how to take a good joke.
's #College Completion Report launch Sen. M. Moore: "strong nation is a result of strong states" #MA is #2 in US
Yeah - you must be so relieved! How are you gonna celebrate?
This is the sixth book I've written, which isn't bad for a guy who's only read two. George Burns
My urge is always to cut it all off myself! Now that's the urge you should really resist.
Sounds Cool ! :D
Twitter is telling me to follow Walmart- fuck straight off please.
Check out featured contest submissions and all news regarding current & upcoming contests here as well as on www.photovotingcontest.com
agree! Forgot about how many hits she had!
Mussel Bar!
hell yeah!! How did it go mane!?
Ryan Braun, a 2011 MVP, just tested positive for steroids. Is the steroid era not over?
‘Ice Age 4: Continental Drift’ Trailer via
Support #INDYHIPHOP!! BUY THE SINGLES AND ALBUMS WE POST!!
At fly fishing school. Casting practice (and swearing) starts in a half hour.
How do you piss off a grumpy old man? Tell him one of his favorite bands cancelled their show at the last min. Damn you Opeth and bus doors.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY or FELIZ CUMLPEANOS(: have an amazing day/night(:
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
GA Teacher of the year Pam Williams said, "Data is my friend"
focus ur mind to train your body and d changes that begin to take place impact ur mind as well. Dream it, believe it, and u'l achieve it.
David L. & Holly (former wine star at Oliveto) serve up impressive wines at St. Vincent in SF. Check it out & order the Cornas & St. Aubin
That's a nice helicopter snuggle...
Working on the new Areafans site by the way. Expect a new Rails app to be launched on/around August 1!!! Beta testing soon if interested.
The best part of telling the truth is you don’t have to remember what you said-download- InSpotter app
Do U know about this? : 2nite's SPORTSCENTER 4 Kentucky hilight I wrote a "Spoken word" Poetry Jam. Jazz club style
Totally understand. I hope Allium is in your future if you're going to be on Orcas. ;)
"We do not think ourselves into new ways of living, we live ourselves into new ways of thinking." —Richard Rohr
i totally agree and interesting profile picture :)
Fantastic night celebrating my big brother's birthday! :)
Might have to put Melo on that bench....
is loving how the #Yankees are dealing with #Jeter; be glad to have your 15 million and your adoring fans....these people amaze me
we are young
praising functioning a/c on a HOT sacramento day
thanks but that link doesn't work on iPhone. game in extra innings so I can't tell what channel it was on when it started.
Thanks! RT : why hello there young lady, & a happy #BMWMonday to you! “: Good morning fellow #BMWMonday friends!”
I wish he knew how much I love him
whos dead? x
he's my friend lmao
Niice, I have a first name for the first time. Ohh wanna see the lucky one with me & whenever we decide to?
just about to eat breakfast..
just hit the furthest home run I've seen this year.
Can someone PLEASE make the distinction between #spokane and Spokane Valley?
Carolina Astronaut Appearance - Charlie Duke will be at the University of Oklahoma on Sept. 28 at 1 p.m. in the ExxonMobil Facility, 308.
this where they stun at now oh i got to catch up !!!!
You've gotta have a cat playing piano if you're developing a new media exhibit #aam2012 // ha!
go look at my tweets, theres a pic i took yesturday
Nah take ya ass to a drive thru then lol RT times is hard fuck that lmao
Can someone have success when those around him don't believe in their vision? Side note: Most success was brewed out of spite.
Anime Black Butler is so addicting
Legos should come with a warning sticker: May Cause Crippling Pain!
I'm hoping for a nice long weekend
is writing a textbook on thermodynamics. May God have mercy on us all.
Good morning Austin. How is your morning so far?
I went to the school of life BT, the school of life. You'll never get me to say the swear words.
Who's Hungry? How bout a Breakfast BLT.....ooh fried eggs, yum
good loling at, your tweets!! :))
If you like I hate you.
. Is Greece getting it all wrong? I thought the free market's solution to extreme insolvency was default
And a great Friday to you as well,
at the Fillmore and at Charter One on TV?! Sorry, I'm busy jamming out for the next two hours.
The 1-3-1 is by far my favorite basketball defense.
Happy Home Opener! Come celebrate with live classic rock tomorrow at Who's On First!
are you really featuring the jimmy clausen haircut tweets on the show today? wow...
Thanks for the follow !
Students&#39; efforts going toward finding home for &#39;wonderful dog&#39;
SO true! RT : Defining what vibrancy in your 70's looks like = She's what I want to be when I grow up.
yeeesss we're gettin silly T!!
Just finished a renovation early! Does anyone need any work done?
I feel like the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
BYU ranks 11th in the eyes of recruiters, says Wall Street Journal. Ranked BYU's accounting program No. 1 in country. Law and Biz top 50.
oh no kids for a while! Holy cow no! Just a big week in my life!!!
Wahhh, first FB now BP. Why can't I get onto my own site?
Really? How come??
I was there ! Yay Me !
live off life !
Let him know there's a routine, Megs.
Little late to the party. Wiley come down this weekend. will snag the boat for Sat.
About to take a nice long shower in the dark to get focused for the game today.
Awkward moments!!!!
Is Palin becoming a caricature of her own self? RT: Palin told reporters George Washington was her favorite founding father--
Come see us when ur done!
im bored!
Are you trying to get the man in trouble?
Thanks for the tweet Terri!
Sorry, Portland is too far away for me!
RT Everyone is invited to the presentations today - 4pm undergrad capstones. 6:15 pm grad student MA's. Conference room.
If she don't look like me or make u forget about me she not doing her job
i caught her earlier looking in the mirror get this faking crying lol mind ya she still not talking a lot
oh no problem,you're welcome :)
If the world had a face, I'd skull fuck it.
The students have found us! There are loads of people enjoying the Thompson Library today - come in and see the renovated building!
Watching #thefirst48 with my fag sister
Shot caller tryna make his money taller!"- T2
Holding the train doors open during morning rush hour = "my time is more important than yours"
I will be at OLC 10/26-10/28 booth# 205. Please stop in and say hello. I might be bringing something special :) Come by and see.
My instagram is filled with pictures of us
I am writing a VSTi plugin to help you produce beats!
I feel as though and are actually like Turk & JD in real life.
Don't talk to me if you don't plan on making a conversation.
for real smh
#TGIF!!! It's Happy Hour! Come start the weekend off by having some food and drinks!!
"What you gonna do when IRS come for you pay that money"!!! love that track
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable ~Walt Disney
Male menopause: Factorfiction? - Bangkok Post
Do yourself a favor, check it out
Damn its hot outside.. But Adrian insists in jumping on the trampoline
Only 3 more days and counting till I'm bound for #inyourhands, #sugarpitbound!
Just had to redo what I hired the conniving contractor from oDesk to do. Took me 1 hr. He billed me for 37.5 hrs. and it wasnt done.
Exhausted and I have the worst headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
It's a WRAP!!!! Epic Brew is now done with production with Epic Brew, Now we are in post production.
I enjoy Gavin Degraw's voice.
Apparently Crocket Theater is managed by the same people that operate Crocket Hospital?
I have been doing good. Not online much at all these days. Kind of miss it but kind of don't. School still?
cool, you still suck
I'm the only nice guy you know which means you will hate on me.
I feel you my yogie is the same... Keep on practicing tho my fellow yogi!
Ok I'm gonna make an instagram tonight whatever
Try drinking some tea today...you're body will thank you
Today in 1906 - Susan B. Anthony dies. I'm thankful for the brave Suffragists. It would be another 14 years until women got the vote.
As it approaches noon, I try2remember how long ago it was when I stopped dreaming of nooners and started dreaming of lunch.
Parents giving kids Allergy medications to get them to go to bed at night. hear the story tomorrow morning between 5 +9
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 2
Just booked flight/reserved my room for the 2012 PRSA Leadership conference in New York. To quote Borat, "very excite"
#DragRace Ru! dont be a bitch! for the win!
Looking for Bulk Corn Gluten Meal!! Any leads?
Someone Rec me an awesome source for vegetarian, French recipes.
We went to a craft fair and he watched me, um...craft. lol
Spending the wknd at Techmunch. Great crowd and you can tell that our coffee i kicking in - thanks ,
is Pryor eligible?
So did Joe Pa...
Get.me.food.
Tough night to be a #Denver sports fan. But at least I got my taxes done.
you know they're not sold out at ravinia, right?
When your best friend likes the same guy you do..
“: storytellers: the single most useful tool in your kit is the heart beating in your chest.”
ha. I guess since i dont know who tgat is. Arnolds fish from Different Strokes?
You are far less prone to experiencing a haunting in your home if you have cats around.
same here. :( I haven't been since the last time you made me call them.
On the Lakers' bench last I saw. That dude has a damn ring. You believe that?
Sweet. If you're at the free bar right now, hit me up and I'll 'buy' you a drink!
Okay, that's fine. I just don't have that many friends that text me, so I was hoping to get some more :)
Did the #P90X legs and back workout. #AbRipperX too. Expecting to be sore tomorrow.
I'm obligated to be a better man....
Love Mexican food
No plans tonight? Go to #Adcraft's April Foolishness at Tequila Blue in Royal Oak, 6:00 pm
that 8 ..2 pull tab is lookn like it could happen earlier than I thought..every inn. 50$
oh God your crazy!
Hahaha!! Keep bring that
Today was a long but enjoyable day spent with family and good friends!
i'm *so* getting my roommate a pink leotard...
The case against paying too much for Prince Fielder. breaks it down.
Most appropriate response, ever ! LOL
Never replayed something so much in my life
Hawaii 5-0 is my show!!
I'll be weird all my life :) nothing will stop me from loving Madagascar <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
He hasn't been here where I live. In Tennessee.
u better come back with some good stories!
You know it's a problem when your too lazy to walk to homeroom
You make me feel SO nervous about taking on weekends... You'll have to fill me in on what to expect soon!
follow back thanks!
orlando magic
I stopped using the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er in 1979 when I realized it was disrespectful to US
yea do that lol
They have so many, it's a little bewildering.
My mom and her friends....
guy on fifth ave literally walked by with a cat on his head. I wonder how his day is going.
It's all over. Manchester City have won the 2011-12 Barclays Premier League title. Congratulations to them. Wait, what?
Some good audience participation during "Honest? Honest."
just got a starbucks coffe RT if you like
Oh, I know, I was sort of making a public announcement.
.... Dude where did you go at 6am wtf man!!!!
Book Study with in a bit, (:
What up doe??
would of course!
also, better-looking.
Water was too cold! Only my feet swam.
Technology just not working for me today -- failure on all fronts. Give up and go back to bed?
Got my picture taken, got jumped on my a dog, and now i'm in a hot car with my sparkly shirt glistening....
Thanks for the FF :)
One day the young one was in the middle of the street, a woman driving slowed then hit it, because the young could not fly away.
Thanks for the RT!
nahh bro i dont have a clue
I think it's just indicative of broader tech community undervaluing energy scene. I'm seeing more out of Boston than anywhere else.
Last Couple Dayz in Georgia...
Had the most interesting bus ride home...I <3 track meets.
Praying and working for change, that our country may lead the world in integrity and generosity. Let's work together!
I effin hate the fact that my lil bro wanna lay on my back everytime i lay down 2 go 2 sleep…
Still recovering from a strap throat. At least I could sleep a little better last night compared to the previous night.
Thanks Lindsey. Same to you!
OKC PARTY BUS GIFT CERTIFICATES NOW AVAILABLE! SURPRISE YOUR LOVEONE THIS CHRISTMAS WITH A PARTY THEY WILL NEVER FORGET! okcpartybus.com
I am! If this flight is delayed any more I'm getting a full refund and am getting a hotel here. Will bet that $10 for sure!
Happy Easter. Make sure you don't mistake Rebecca Black or Snooki for an Easter egg! That awkward moment when you mistake Rebecca Black or S
especially now that Dunkin Donuts is claiming to have "artisan bagels."
Would love to introduce Fliqz and our online video platform to you and Big Buzz!
Asking 'snooki' or any of the jersey shore crew if they are a virgin would probably be the stupidest question ever!
I don't think of these brands as indie.
highlight of my week so far: butler just opened up 150 more 24-hour seats on 5 and 6. you'll know where to find me.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid doesn't matter cause i still consider myself one. & im proud.
Jabba the hut got a big butt- ray. Dio
Love it when coffee shop has tv. Sports bars r no good for toddlers. Watching badgers v tarheals bball with lil Cece at coopers coffee.
works for me everytime!
lol It's good, really.
I'm sure you're bringing in 23 with style! Sorry I have to miss it :/
RT If anyone has any information on Jason Brodeur [candidate FL House Dst 33] Please pass it to
Wouldn't it be crazy if you you fell for your ex girlfriend all over again
It's snowing, it's snowing, it's snowing!!
Being active in social media is important in building blog traffic!! Woohoo!
can we be neighbors here? yes? Ok. leeettttss ggoo<3
I wouldn't be able to be a teacher at my school, I would go to jail my first day.
Turning in early, good night friends. xoxo
Cant stop cause we're so hhhhiiiiggghhhh
You're so welcome! (Btw, the Bruce documentary is called "The Promise: The Making of Darkness at the Edge of Town".)
We will! RT . Blackhawks game tonight!! Look for me on TV!
Ppl are really hating on #Shaq right now. I mean, he played a good 3 minutes tonight. That's A LOT in one game for a 40 year old man.
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.”
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs, is on! <33
follow me
It was a fun night! Thank you! SAKIRI Vodka.
Stacks 'o wax & mounds 'o sound. That's what we're puttin' down.
wait... Whut? What did I do?
Nikki Minaj releases her new album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded today. Why not record a Qwip on your fav Nikki song & share with friends?!!
Twitter is kind of letting me see what is being discussed in other rooms. Very cool.
Hahah your Hulk mode...I've witnessed this!
well, the ones leading up to this. iron man, the incredible hulk, iron man 2, thor and captain america.
Black Friday sales..... never again.
Motivate your self. Don't always rely upon others...
Chrysler posts net loss for 2010, but will give employee bonuses
I will say hi to Thor, of course!
Apologies for that extra "l". It's Alison Booth
Cant wait til tomorrow
Def made everyone here laugh! RT : This is so dumb I don't know why I'm sharing, but I guarantee you will laugh. PROMISE....
want to have an X factor night!?!
no way!
what do u give?
guy is making tie jokes, vwp!
dude, it was phenomenal! I loved it! It was a great experience!
In staff mtg this morning at #westhills may God be glorified.
On the road again:)) Headed to meet up with my awesome band, for some shows in Missouri. Hope to see you there!!! ?
Congrats Chris! cc:
I keep promising that I'm gunna clean my room but...it's still hasn't happened and it's been like 3 weeks<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> mayb tmw lol
Can we make into like a music video? Im sorry I just really want to win, &i thought a short music video would stand out.
Tots RT : I cry daily in your parking lot. RT We have a VERY important question for you! Fries or Onion Rings?
i'm listening in on a great therapy session while i eat my lunch - even shrinks are takin it to park benches these days
Do it.
Hey you all! Right now heading to the airport full of paparazzi chasing me. Can't wait to b in Times Square. Hope u all have a great day <3
woo! its really good, i'll help tweet it to him ;)
A candle flame is weak... but if it is used to light the lighthouse then the flame will become stronger & brighter!
smh. U got my number.
I thought we'd stopped talking about for the day. . .
(cont) a gay pacman, Oprahs hair weaves from the past 10 yrs holding a reunion, hamsters, grilled cheese with patron, allergies
scratch that, the past 3 days are the best days i've had in a long time!
#OMG -- just found season 4 of on This is #DANGEROUS!
by the way, are you a fashion boyder or a buyer......if so what the heck is a boyder?
Tell us how your day was:
what is pintrest?
Hello JU family and friends! We are developing new certificate programs! What would you like to learn?!
Love God and He will enable you to love others even when they disappoint you.
thank you so much! :)
my stomach hurts after shushi, hope nothing else happens
R.I.P to a legend and a true innovator of my time - Don Cornelius. You never know what struggles ppl are going through.
I find it interesting that those who want success won't commit to the process...I guess you should play the lottery instead.
yea but they're tying to shut it down!
That's hittin it right there!!
we have just one more week to collect donations of pet food for the food drive on the 7th...
Bout to head to the zoo.
It was a awhile ago that I saw them on there I think, sad. :(
Fowler, Westwood, Watney, and McIlroy today.
I tell mine, (if I trust them) I'm turning in and to make sure they turn off the lights and lock the door on their way out
Response when any early 20-something finds out I'm turning 40 next week: "Oh, cool. What were the 90s like? They seemed fun."
nice interview with She is such a "good girl" I have enjoyed her from AI to Blown Away. Come back to
snuggling up and watching Titanic until bedtime :)
I love
Western scene.....
oh snap that would be awesome! Come to SF!!
It's understandable but I cant help but think Toews has been almost unnoticleable this series
Doodle Jump?
Lord Byron Nelson would have been 100 years old today. R.I.P. Sir.
U SHOULD HAVE A CATALOG OF MUSIC
in his utopia, David Harvey would be a farmer who reads Marx and Nietzsche during his downtime. what would i / you do?
just don't like you know if you don't. Haha
Yes! I was just thinking how badly I need to listen to a new mix :)
here, tell these people somethin they don't know about me
making some fajitas!! so pumped. havent ate in almost 2 days.
Bitches are talking mess lol
It's okay, you don't know me.
I love you.(:
Glad Cheney got his new heart. Now if we can only get Biden a new brain we'll be halfway to victory in our Wizard of Oz political challenge
We know one girl having a not so happy new year. Here's to a flood-free 2012.
ok, sounds like a plan.
I'm one excellent Portland driver in the snow because I don't - park it & hoof it or bus it.
Never try to give ppl exactly what dey want cuz dey don't even know wtf dey want
feels good to be home
every gorgeous boy in the world is out and about today! =)
I hope holograms go down the same ill fated road that auto-tune took.
yhur amazing...nd my friend Donovan is literally obsessed with yhu lolz its all good though yhu got all these boys in love with u
Happy Mothers day, too all the mothers . <3
Got a really bad pinched nerve in my neck/shoulder for a bday present today lol
But think I prefer "we started a band called "The Prevention" cos we hoped the critics would think we were better than The Cure!"
jorge: natural gas smell all over, gasoline too,debris everywhere, family photos and heirlooms in the streets under mud and water.
Thanks for organizing such a great conference, Sheri! RT: : Fabulous day! #nycmer2012 Looking forward to nycmer2013
I'm such a bitch in the morning to my gma, but damn she gets on my nerves
No I won't regret any fucking thing.
She a delta so she been throwing that dynasty sign
Is it really true? Does my hair really look like Justin Bieber's? =D
Who All in Florida Right Now
Never get it back & thats my word
wish I had a news release or something on that line.
just for you (waits for boy stop) lol
too pussy to tag johanser in my tweets cause he's bigger than me..
. i'm a little mortified! but i'm glad you got good notes!
- Thanks for supporting ! We appreciate all you do to Hope your son is doing well.
Even the sheriff dont fugg with the mound... Deputy earning serious points.
shout out for beating Mizz! HBCU Love
At a parade & I hear a woman complaining about Recall Walker signature gatherers. "I wish they could just stay off public property". Really?
Wonderful talks all around at The Shape of The I conference. Particularly struck by Timothy Morton, Vanessa Place, and Bhanu Kapil
I think Mr. Day will win a few this summer to ignite more Jason festivities
via + Our Mom Spot: When UR child's diagnosed w/ #autism Get Organized, Minimize the Frazzle Factor & Focus on Your Child
#Douchebags playing the punching machine again...
thanks buddy!
that presentation was
hahaha you're such a dork! :D
Sterling woman new Reagan Boyhood Home director
sip drink and smoke hay
has reconvened in Park City, Utah! Back to work on Monday morning.
...but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink & clamoring to become visible. -V Nabokov
Who said we don't care? If you ever need anyone to talk to, just msg me.
No, LOL @ you. Trying to make us look bad saying your crying. #attentionwhoremuch?
LOOK! i finally got maa followers up <U+30C4>
Playing semantics.....
Style, quality, ambition, instrumental choice, etc.
Yes I believe Ill be interning at American Century Investments off the plaza #plazadate when your home with
Everything's better with pickles and mayonnaise.
Insanity is doin the same thing ova+ova and expecting different results.....
im HUNGRY and qotta pee ...
Gudmorning dolls slept late woke up feeling good :-)
I'm pretty sure I could win the Hunger Games. Have you SEEN my mouth??
lmaoo I'm happy!! And u know it :) hahaha
yup yup - workin hard for my $$$
They say I'm Confrontational!!! Ya Think!!!
1 digital download r stream of your track by your Momma don't mean you are a star... put in the work! Educate yourself. Stay tuned for more.
Was Happy I Gt To Smoke Wiid My Bro Last Nite FINALLY
I am so time conflicted! lol No conception right now.. all I know is I have to catch a flight n a few hrs :( & Im still sauced lol
Take ya nose off my key board,what u bothering me 4,there's a room full of nigas,what u followin me 4......>
A little distracted, but trying to stay on my grind, I promise!
that movie is so good! i love hockey!
Just posted a rough mix of my song "Right Between The Eyes". www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. It's swinging!
Figured since we are friends...Twitter made sense too :)
tomorrow I think
these are great ideas. I'll do some more thinking about it!
Maybe not..
tweeting the same link 5 times? Typical Cody.(:
Great talk tonight by on the possibilities of digital history. Looking forward to learning the basics this semester.
Hi David You are welcome and thank you for supporting our efforts. We appreciate the encouragement and the mentions!
Runnin' shit is kind of a full time job.
- Thanks for the mention!
T.analysis is helpful when discussing shaping. People see how many individual behaviors comprise "everyday" tasks
when you shoot the SB are the photogs locked to one location for the duration? It looked like no one was moving.
I am in CAPE GIRARDEAU....just saying! Its alive and well! :) Now I am going to relax...its been a long day of traveling!
WBHuie exhibit is coming together!!
I guess this lawn ain't gonna mow itself...
What did the single parent look like?
*resting my head on your shoulder, feeling a little shock* Nope, I'm perfect just the way I am.
st. patricks day. i love being irish
6-3,Roberts will follow Kennedy for appearances...
Woman is talking about how she is searching for a black baby doll w/ an afro for her daughter, so she knows black is beautiful.
the pen doesn't exist in Illinois :-( . . . I may just look at smoothie makers and yes, I'll look into that show.
Have a lot of reading to catch up on this week!
are you sure ?
Just remembered I sold my car & left my knee brace in the trunk lol smh
only until tomorrow afternoon! Not nearly enough...
I have been absent from posting, but not absent from action....I scored over 8 all last week & a 9 2day.
I dont talk Allot cause I mind My Buisness
"Great work, gentlemen!" ... "Can we go home now?" ... "Nope, shit's still broke"
we ever misidentify species, please please let us know....we don't take it personally...it is all in the fun of learning
Up Next, Rick Green from talking about the Iowa Caucus and today's front page/editorial
#Austin I will follow back. Plus you can have a Latino as one of your required friends to be consider a diverse person. =)
i'll DM you my email for more specifics if you're interested.
spent a half hour on hold with my isp verizon just so they could throw xbox under the bus and say that mtu error is ur fault
Oh stop what you're doing and watch Google's new video about the revolutionary Gmail Tap... another well played 4/1 Google :)
I know!!! It's going to be so much fun! Here's to a great summer with UB! :)
I know, I know, I should like the sun - but I trully prefer deep snow. The weather warnings at home look harsh.
has such a great blog! I love her Paris pics! I had no idea the Amélie café was real!
Next challenge: Taking down the Patriots
go to sleep ChaChi you deserve it
I know. He has a fassbender quality.
haha, technically it does :) i'm busy busy busy :) xx
Thanks For All Tha Birthday Wishes Today Dawgs :D .
Bums, every single one of them, bums.
Raining in the ATL..
learning HTML5 at tech lab short course
thanks for the coffee! (And for SO much of it!!) Can't wait to try a sip or three :)
the outcome document is bad, but not horrible, God Bless the Holy See and Vote for Mitt Romney
16 mile #run=a no guilt dinner at Karl Ratzch's this evening with 't wait!
No crocodile tears or messing with your mind.. <U+2764>
This sun>>
Are you failing miserably at getting some of your goals accomplished? Great post by bit.ly/noKuDP
@ us & we'll give you a shout out! <U+263A>
Tuesday #Training Tip: Factor in extensive observation to your sales training process. Let top performers show new staff how it's done!
Had the best birthday thanks to amazing friends! :)
Are U in Transition? Do u hv Success Traits like Focus, Drive, Dedication, Determination, and a Successful Mindset? www.FunBasedBusiness.com
Update: Mobile Apps for Museums book. eBook was to be released at AAM, but print book was released instead. eBook available next week.
Seely Booth is so gorgeous
follow back?!
RFMK might want to do some bid sitting with this one...
We have officially begun gearing up for YEAR 4 of our camp! We need help finding sponsors! Do YOU know anybody?
well it's a great country! (where my family is originally from) but maybe not for fans. it's on iTunes Europe and amazon
Anyone else coming to Ruby Room tonight to see 90sVow? Fun 90s band!
It's Tuesday so get on out to and see LIVE at 8pm!!
We just added a new beer to the menu! Try a pint of Walking Man Stout tonight. Late Night Happy Hour from 10:00-11:00!
i know ur out and i love u this is my message.
Micahel was good and showed more range, but Gokey still has it over him.
yeah dude. I think so. We should find each other
I'm sorry. When I was looking for a web developer, I should have mentioned that it wasn't going to be paid work. I just nd help.
Easiest VP prediction ever! Rubio is definitely going to get it. Have you seen Romney's Hispanic numbers?
and I will always love you!! xox
Why were the two guys next to me on my flight last week FAA analysts who felt the need to discuss their theories on why Air France went down
Hi! Not at the moment, but we'd love any suggestions you have for events we should participate in in the south bay!
we out at the oceanfront tonight it's real sick
Do you chicks know ? We're friends with him!
Awe! So proud!
y'all rode in the prius without me?????? Wtf not ok
Nice job Giants!!!
what are you doing today??
Chilling at my sisters
I have it even better b/c I work at are beautiful, ppl friendly, love it
If you make it, say hi! The line can be pretty crazy to get in (when it's not a gay epic), but a 6:30 arrival is still smart.
Why do I keep losing my connection to FB with Tweetdeck on my iPhone 3GS? Login info is not retained. Please advise.
Going to a 9/11 event.
oh that sounds like an ill fated challenge.
Look up any list of responsible things to do with your money. Notice, "making it rain in the club" isn't one of them.
Gonna miss a lot, but can't wait to get home <3
Will you be Mi Amor? -NO Just what I'm looking for? -NO Don't be afraid to fly across the sky! - Why should I? LOOL
let's do it.
...on our way to Snoqualmie St. Patty's Day Run...is it too early in the day for a Guinness?
Perilously close to HQ...
No like 85.
Why is #rushlimbaugh effing still on the air?? Why has his a$$ not been fired yet? Who's scared?
New Gorillaz and Broken Bells
What a fantastic night....
Lol why ask me.how am i supposed to know ?
Mantua, Italy: a cultural city guide
no worries... keep your eye out for #Jagoffs around town.. send them back to us...we might post them on our blog..
you misread it Ryan.
FOR MOTHERS DAY! I want the #teabaggers #gop #mitt & #Arizona & #janbrewer to get out of my uterus! Pass Womans Rights Ammendment!
On this date in local #history, WNED-TV started publicly broadcasting in WNY in 1959!
Arterial Remodeling Technologies (“ART”) reports $2.9 million cash infusion to prepare its next-generation ...
thank you!
Snow hold off for another month!
Strengthening Pa. revenues could ease budget cuts - BusinessWeek
shit I just back from kickin it w/ jay nem. U been chiefin ?
How far have we come?
Peeing in the ladies restroom smells better.
I'm loving everything about season 5! RT : I really love Don Draper's apartment in season five of
replacement skulls on the way.
ayei got orientation tomorrow if i get this job....we getting a tree boy lol
Glad you enjoyed -- looking forward to continuing communication! RT : Hoya Roundtables was awesome
Global Handheld Computing Devices Industry
Try Wegman's. They have everything. Or Dean & Deluca.
I love this person.
Life is a fragile thing, Har. One minute you're chewin' on a burger, the next minute you're dead meat. ~ Dumb and Dumber
Hey, that's cool! Where can we find more info about that?
My favorite co-workers are all leaving me~ T___T
I <3 those and save for the "other" days
wow, I was born in Ithaca & most of my family is from there. Small world!
Who smokes cigarettes while pumping gas? Haven't you seen Zoolander?
lmao if you listen to the say something lyrics it's what i should've done at the beach!!! SAID SOMETHING.
really? That's sucks! :/
I don't think twice. I just name them off the first thing that makes sense in my head
yeah blame it on twitter! Lol I'm great.. Hope everything is alright with you..
yo man...I like that new joint u posted
OMG was holding my breath and now wiping away tears.
send me a message and lemme know what you're looking to get for em. I love the old Minoltas
being an actor is kind of like signing up to get punched in the face repeatedly with small breaks for really awesome ice cream.
I'm coming, driving to the airport in the uk, then flying for a while will be home by tonight!
The more you hide your feelings, the more it shows. The more you deny your feelings, the more it grows.
Deena, I was watching it too, and I agree! Also, I love when you say "I feel". I've started doing so.
what is wrong???
Each scene has its own shape, so you don't have sameness, it leads to boredom for audience.
Breaking down the myth of LA as the city of youth with Ali Modarres Ph.D. #SCLN #
Happy Friday! : Happy Aloha Friday!
amazing piece David. is an amazing candidate. I am honored to call him my friend.
non stop during the holidays! ha!
YES! Melanie is back in! Way to make it right Simon.
So two episodes in, #AGT has jumped the shark. They just put thru a guy who plays a broom flute and a dust pan ... saxophone?
never eating pancakes again
Monk'sCove likes our newest followers bio 's... He likes to party (probably at Monks)
Just saw a 165 lb great Dane!!! Love when that happens. Maybe I should get one so it could happen every day ;)
Sure! I'd love to give you some tips.
Linkedin: find recruiters, client contacts, industry articles. Only connect w/ ppl you actually know. Always be maintaining your profile.
Come get a little taste of Mexico with our Taza Chocolate flavor at Porter Square! Locally made, stone ground chocolate is the bomb!
Vote Oralia De Anda for Prom Queen!
drive safe! Well be waiting for you!
sorry, i meant that i have been in sessions with librarians b4., usually not very good. glad its not that way over there
They looked at least half the size of the whale watch boat alongside them. I thought I'd just see spouts from up there.
Rich, Any chance for that BA contact? I understand if it's not poss.
Hahaha just relized its kinda weird that we follow people just to know there every move!?
Coming out of the darkness... spent the past couple months in cancer treatment. Slowly getting back to work.
Artspot&#39;s &#39;Kiss, Kiss Julie&#39; delivers a one-note message in a seductively creative way
Omni Fort Worth having Grand Opening Party this weekend.
Answer and win 2 spots for the price of one to this Saturday GIRLS NIGHT OUT class!
OH HI I'VE BEEN LISTENING TO IT ON SOUNDCLOUD NONSTOP AND IT'S PERFECT AND I'M SEEING YOU FOR A 3RD TIME IN SACRAMENTO NBD,
I will be at Food & Froth, can't wait!
Tommorrow I'm gone make some more money then lay around and smoke a blunt
Culture is an instrument wielded by professors to manufacture professors who when their turn comes, will manufacture professors.
I can't sleep. I need a sleeping pill.
"LOL @ cover bands."
the making home affordable plan -government interference at its best or worse? you decide.
I sure will. Thank you for checking us out.
Staying productive. I know I can. I know I can...
Today marks Dave's first #32 for lunch And I quote "Wow, that's good."
You will never be a voice u will never b a Prophet 2 this generation until u r a priest! Until their is praise, prayer & mercy in ur belly!
sent you another email but this time re tmobile.
The thought of cleaning my house today is rather unexciting...
Every Washington resident directly benefits from tourism!
~ Happy Birthday Nelson from LA baby!,, enjoy it to the max. Xo
I am totally unprepared for DC Beer Week. Really.
I hope my dream will one day come true <3
Newt: The future of America is on another planet.
yes i play everyday all day. thanx for the love and follow.
It's we who thank you! RT : Thanks 4 hosting our associates, glad we could offer resume tips today!
Join HP and HP for a special event: hp.marketingbridge.com/m/sept9th_Exchangeworkshop
Seriously SO impressed with Hunter Hayes! He was wonderful! Definitely rocked Cincinnati! Love you!
hater :p lol , u should try it
wearing Kim Jong Il complements of The Dictator.
id be one who can skate! lol
what day on calendar do we have to get to before we quit looking at last year's team to evaluate this year's team?
Screwed up my phone, so I had to make a new twitter...
The worst thing about mother's day is having to pick one thing from etsy for Amber.
"I sang my princess fast asleep cos she was my dream come true".
Beggars can be choosers too?
I gotta start watching what I feed :( RT Whatever you feed, grows
hm. I don't like it.
Makes me a little angry ;p
as soon as I saw "youtube" in the link I was wishing it would be this. thanks, bf. <3 you!
Thanks for the retweet Very much appreciated.
Praise God for a same-day Holy Week callback!
Today is National Eat What you Want Day! What food are you dropping your diet for?
yes it is and I love it
Cmpunk please talk to Bella
For those interested, I'll be live-tweeting my life for the next 57 years. Stay tuned.
Pretty sure today's the day I step on the Days of Our Lives scene with my gangster lean.
New followers, people RT-ing, favoriting. I love you guys! (:
I like how my mom doesn't even care.
I got to preform at the Appolo theatre today it was soo cool
See you all at likemind Chicago, Spa Cafe on Monroe between Clark and LaSalle in the Loop @ 8am!
you know iitttt! Haha i like the ring to it (;
Thanks to and Malone Univ. for the career services support!
wow, you really are uninformed on this topic, aren't you?
Awe thanks!<U+30C4>
It's called spring for college students. If you're not a college student you're just being your natural slutty self, but in another city.
Just asked this lady for the time and she screamed at the top of lungs and ran wailing down the street.
working on artwork now & will be print ready in AM. Any chance we could pay extra to get 12 shirts delivered Thurs in SA?
I will not give into sobriety! I am destined to drink:)
what's so difficult to understand? If you're a whore, I don't care about your opinion.
Sorry to be late to the party. Here.
Bubble bath. Then bed.
you're one of the funniest persons I ever met
Well there goes NBCSN's soccer ratings for the Olympics
no i thought u were? Werent u in Austin Mahone 16th B-day Suprise video?
Go the extra mile. It's never crowded.
shit man Koolin tryin to stay out this heat!!! Wuz good over N Amsterdam?
Glad all my team mates helped me in this hahahaha #ThatsATrueTeam :/
Nothing? No graphics? Lighting? Prompter?
"rumors of e-splinters showing up in the Kindle screens" after tree falls into library. ;)
After watching all the videos and viewing all of the pictures of Sunday's service. I am truly grateful to be a part of the COP family.
2 lawyers who play by their own rules. What's not to enjoy??
I think that my favorite dress at the #Oscars #84thAcademyAwards was #EmmaStone and #AngelinaJolie. Does anyone else agree??
Gossip Girl Series Finale is in December <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs is Auto Glass Experts. Call for a quote or an appointment. 414-409-7263. Happy Holidays
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
The Odd Numbers' album ABOUT TIME never gets old (& unless you were skateboarding in the late 80s, you probably haven't heard it).
People who laugh live longer than those who don't laugh. Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter
Had a bad mornin but ready to see my lil Boosie Badass tonight been missn u..
yes! Let's coordinate
When you wake up in the morning, what's the FIRST thing you think about?
are you here today??>.<
Im in love with those shirtless pics of justin o.o
I just hope the opposing testimony is more thoughtful than last year, when I was told that marriage eq. would lead me to marry my sister.
it's the next one after the two parter s3e10 :) have fun not sleeping :p
Yes! I'd love to go but im in NY :-/ Glad to have a fan go in my place...DM me your addy and I'll send em off....
Did the rock roll away in NY? RT (AP) -- New York Jets and Denver Broncos complete trade for quarterback Tim Tebow
Chilling with Maggie for my BDAY tommrw
At the Rickey smiley show ready to get in
it takes time. some more longer than others.
I am ready for a great week...I hope you all are ready as well!!!
Girls that don't know how to walk in heels look like they were hit by a car, girls that get by cars and walk away are badasses.
If you haven't enjoyed a cup of ...I don't what to say. Figure your life out.
tour dates next week dsfsdjfiosjfsd
Actually it's the opposite. They actually gave it to the person with talent. No stupid light shows or dancers needed
Come on #MiamiHeat! Let's do this! 87-MIA vs 89-NY
Reminder to place your order before our 10:00 am deadline tomorrow for Monday pick-up/delivery. www.EpicureanGroup.net
We'll pray for her book's success....hope you and your fam are well...
Pep Boys #Swag LOL
did she really say " a funeral worth dying for"?
That's graphic hahah.
Design friends: what program should I use to create a tri-fold? (If you say AI or InDesign, you will be driving to F'Burg to teach me how)
Dont see anything funny about your ignorant and insulting tweets. I can't explain compassion and fairness to ur type
hey dudes, when do y'all get in to SF on Sunday?
Sunday p.m. has highest voter contact rate, so outside Tuesday, TOMORROW IS THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY to connect with voters and GOTV.
Two former and two current TSA screeners at LAX have been arrested on federal narcotics and bribery charges.
#SexPistols were and remain my favorite band
Happy to drop 1000 words on this for Texas Monthly.
did you elbow the weight machine?
Just plopped down on couch and discovered Tree of Life just starting. Things are lookin' up.
I enjoy your red neck jokes, I think you and Larry the cable guy. Work great together, so please follow me, OK thank you!!
Why is everyone sharing beastialty on facebook
Charlie is not a fan of bully sticks... I couldn't believe it.
I hear Kaner was on his A-Game during tonight's matchup against the Ducks. I shouldn't care....really, I shouldn't
#nmleg An absolute riot that the fuel tax bill followed right on the heels of (passed w/3 amend's) SB44 film tax (sunshine) bill.
gimme some! Haha
Lunch with and Yum :)
it snowed last year here too. But the second we got out of school god was like "STOP"
Get yo ass out to see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
*sternly* I tied up two lovely ladies yesterday for rolling their eyes. I will not hesitate to do the same with you.
Yep! RT : U can't do shit, I ain't opening shit, kick rocks nigga
I love life bcuz I got l love and I star touching dollas
Have a great DAY.
Glad to connect - thanks for your kind wishes thanks for following. Congrats on the paperback release.
2010 line "Outsold most rappers in the city and they say numbers dont lie, but thats a lie when you spit the opposite of die nigga, die"
Hope you guys have a wonderful pignic!
FINALLY got the profile updated on Now I just need to get the videos from the last show at posted.
When at a party! Keep the drinks coming they might help you.........SIKE!
At McDonalds last night the dude gave me the wrong flavored McFlurry. I threw it back at him and screamed back, "You McFUCKED UP!"
Portland was doomed to go "out" in early Oct, but my Wordstock appearance gave it a ratings bump that lasted through the year
Many thanks for your tweet! It was lovely to meet you! :-)
I just need to get a cleft in my chin, dye my hair blonde, and change my name to Adele since everyone things that I look like her
In reading more closely, the acceptances are going out this week so hopefully you'll know soon. Good luck!
Happy weekend everybody
Alton brown hands down.
I can't wait for Kourtney & Kim take New York & After Lately this Sunday!!!! :D
Thanks so much for the FAB & FUN happy hour this evening following the Main Street Conference!
Looking for video producers with credits in commercial and broadcast. email me resume and reel:
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I hate when kids bully other kids!!
You will love the whole experience & the food & drinks are so good!
starting to think I was in your "twitter jail". Is Manny the only fighter that could realistically beat Floyd?
I've been good how are you
I'll always remember where I waslwhen everyone on #madmen heard that JFK had been shot.
Missed your Cincy gig last summer. #Oxfest is going to be a blast. U tryna spit over some Electronic jams?
I'm guessing Paulino as well.
Aye go to bed!!
Me neither-- what a day. Have a relaxing night!
yeah, a fun way to show momentum on things like hiring and execution!
Spear that ass, twist that bitch pimp that hoe
I've been changing the wikipedia entry for Cinco de Mayo to a big question mark.
I wish you liked me like I do
Haha! That's how you KNOW it's a shady call!
Anyone here? I feel like no one responds anymore on twitter. lol
ok.. legit your pic is like.. so cute. :)
I can't wait to hear these new songs. :)
We are getting ready to prove more, on how important Social Media matters to our business. Meeting with today.
Never let your failures get to your heart, & never let your success get to your head.
Call (949) 262-0110 to find out how to instantly boost your success & achievement with 10 drops of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
also can i point out that this is the most we've spoken since your brother left? and it's on the internet? come home.
yah giving that a go
#Faffcon 2 session with (Mercedes Rose) is chock full good insights on repeat work from clients.
kudos for the ultra nerdy stats reference
no problem. I'll be right'cha here if you need me! Enjoy and Good Luck!!
That's pretty funny. Is he going to it?
Premonition: #RedSox lose
my son sound asleep im up bored i need some to do
Just finished writing my startup weekend pitch. Wish me luck.
Hey can you follow me back?plz=)
So excited for the Riley tour with my committee! #FTK!
I love how Brodeur always looks like he's having fun playing. #devils cc:
ran in 40 degree Chicago cold a few miles!! I am a true California Girl now & ready to be back at least in the 60 degrees but workout great!
You're sweet. Thx
At the Franklin institute
haven't seen the ratings yet. Where are they?! Happy with how Giants drafted :)
RT« You want your relationship to last??.... Keep people out of you business..»
<U+200E>"Always #read something that will make you look good if you #die in the middle of it." P.J. O'Rourke
at KISS Coffee!!
Know what the problem is with most cities? They are infested with people. . .
Loving #LatinNight on #DWTS. All I need is a tropical (non-alcoholic) drink.
I just checked my thermostat because I was sweating . . . er um . . . perspiring; it's on 64 . . . hormones!
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? #dfbpokal Jerome Kaino
FF us and we will FF you! Let's do it!
my mind lives in the gutters
Newsweek magazine cover claims President Barack Obama is gay. Tasteless magazine cover has Obama's photo with saint hovering rainbow ring.
I am starting to wonder if you have a shred of originality in that thing you call a mind.
RT : Best social media launch party EVER!!! cc
Ford Mustang Cobra Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – 1976 America ’s II Adult Purple Hoody
dinner after the show?
Just paid DanceBlue registration fee
shoot I just saw the pic. hahaha. dont get dizzy doing that. ice cream helps mitigate any risk.
Some ppl are too cocky
I love you<3
tanning outside>>>>
*grinning* Yes. It was, wasn't it? Perhaps it was my arrest of your mouth. *lifting a brow*
yeah, I like to block out that stop in Nebraska sometimes... :)
Fucc Hopsin its #WolfGang till the day that I die.
He was pointing out that there are very large stashes of non-source-code IP now being managed in Perforce.
"The great use of life is to spend it on something that will outlast it."
hahaha thats how I found you :-) and then I was watching your videos and omg your halarious and cute :-*
Yes, we'll hold on to them.
message to my neck: STOP FUCKING HURTING YOU BASTARD!.
Correction: Cover it live being explained by at discussion.
We hope to see you at D. Brenton Simons' lecture, "View from the Family Tree," which will take place tomorrow, October 25th, at noon.
Yes i cant wait!! And yea ill be there! RT : yay! Excited for sat? U going the taco spot tonight?
Milwaukee Habitat for Humanity hosting an Open House this Sunday, March 28th 12-3pm @ 3227 N Achilles.
CitSci & CitHist come from museum's honest trust/curiosity: how should we open that space in art?
today: brown bag lunch at DOI with the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Insular Areas
We have a total of 10 IU fans in this section vs 400 UK fans. THIS. IS. SPARTA
I am so happy both gomez and morgan get to play now.
When you walk through the night And you feel like you wanna just give up on the fight I will come And I will walk with you-Della Reese
thank you for everything!
Driscoll describing origins of "education data warehouse," one of two programs later supplied by Cognos.
yeah... Sucks for him rape whistle!!! Haha
You are only 20 years late. Wait - don't tell me how old you were when "Loveless" came out on vinyl in 1991.
I want some of these new Nike jerseys!
Do you think you're a #socialmedia aficionado? Then how about applying for an internship w/ ? Email resumes to
#Caps win in the skills and shoot down Montreal. Yes!
The free video conferencing software are nor advisable for companies as they may not give clear audio and video clarity.
I consider it a major act of restraint when I dont lecture people who slam the ending to Lost.
RT : Nail biting running shoe guy next 2 me just moved 1 seat closer to the middle to get in the camera and shots. So DC...
Portland police say they're preparing for protesters to march tomorrow morning 8am on east side of steel bridge...
Major Announcement coming soon!
Apple slices, every slice is just a sliver of happiness.
you sure? I feel so dumb. And I'm sorry, again <U+2665><U+2665>
How TF does make some of the most ratchet music ever, yet have the most profound and wizdomatic tweets? lol
Me and the family on our way to Service-----><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT Study shows women who waitress in red lipstick garner higher tips that those who don't.
yup. Black screen. Found the vid on dailymotion instead. Always the way
Welcoming the NNRC #Baltimore member, to Twitter. Gore Brothers providing complete #courtreporting & #litigation support
recital was funnnnnishh. now here with my cousin :)) xx
Lets go cobb
Man I hate bugz
have a good workout Matt! :)
Dang that arena is empty. The Jazz just made the playoffs... Right?
Is everyone enjoying this fabulous weather???
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 40
I hate that!!! I never get pimples except when I'm PMSing.
For real, who still uses the term Y.O.L.O?
HawthorneBV is having a partnership tomorrow...come and support or be apart of a great cause..
Supposed to have the day off. Not anymore.
ah, there's hope for that office yet.
And doesn't Rhode Island have the word "island" right in it? :)
Troubles are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
All of a sudden I realized that it only hurts worse to fight it. So I embrace my shadow & hold on til the morning light. This too shall pass
they have been open for three years and they are just now saying something!
If i rub Preperation-H on you would you become less Irritating and shrink ?
So very excited right now! Thanks for the acceptance !!
~ not all Superheroes wear capes, my hero wears turnout gear!!! So proud of you Joe... xoxo
What does everyone think about Herman Cain speaking of himself in the third person during this speech?
Plenty of room! Come on over!
Celebrate Nat'l Library Week by gathering petition signatures &/or writing letters 2 city council! Info at www.savethelibrary.org!
Lovin this moment
u better start buying Tim's instead! Lol
. and the same people that criticize Bo now are the same ones that criticize Bret for "free agent" qb's
Pretty funny the Kansas fans are tossin up 3 goggles like its the cool thing to do.
For Nigel
The moment your crush is hanging out with you and only you<U+2665>
A great question 4 Jorge Ramos from :does his immigrant story influence his reporting or the kind of stories he goes after?
Thnx! RT: : Help & raise money for #autism research & help yourself get healthier at the same time!
Which profoundly racist diehards are we talking about right now?
Demand for tequila is growing fast. Americans now drink more of the stuff than Mexicans—120m litres a year.
At home bored TWEET ME!
Mirror Mirror, on the wall. Who was the drunkest of them all?
Keepin it classy Billy!
much better.
I get the sense this guy is computer semi-literate. He, like my uncle, values forwards w/PPT presentations called "SOUL" & such.
NO state income tax. One of the reasons I miss the Volunteer state
Tonight's Baltimore #PHP meetup has good convos (as usual) and good info on large data. I always enjoy these meetings.
love it-love it
What's poppin ?
not helping my stress levels, people :)
yeah and what happened?
if he stays he gets a statue, if he goes he may get a a medal, which one would you choose? i think he's a smart guy:)
Do you have a pencil "Nope" *looks down at bag of pencils* *Evil laugh*
Missed the work-study window. To seminar or not to seminar? How to raise extra $400 in 3 weeks? Any ideas?
Wrapping up a successful and fun day with a closing discussion led by Brooklyn Dean
I have not seen the citizenship of a sitting prez be challenged & used as a basis for a tea movement against him girded in race.
I don't think this day could get any worse...
you're the exception. <3
I'm trying to get my dad to say yes :P
Birthday on June 2
Orange sky at night, Orioles delight.
so wait.... school tomorrow? shit.
thanks for the offer however I'm more about getting paid rather than paying for my photo
Yeah I knew you were.
RT : People who love this country and *everyone* in it are deeper patriots than the other side can ever hope to be. -
I'm up
The whole quote didn't fit:( but yes.
“: I got the Patriots winning the Super Bowl ! Still #TeamPackers tho !!” yeah pats got it
RT : It does not matter what anyone tells you, what matters most is that you listen to your own thoughts.
Missing my family like crazy
Very much enjoyed #wanderlust. Not enough nudity, in my opinion.
What is your idea of summer fun
Congratulations on being on CBC! The praise and recognition are very well-deserved.
Coming up on Jay Leno: Rick Santorum! I am staying up!!
I can't outrun my demons, but I can drink them under the table.
Thanks! And thanks for a great dinner last night. Lots of networking and discussion!
If it were up to my nutrition teacher we'd either all be dirt poor or would all eat grass
Staff meeting that runs over lunchtime? Hope there's food involved!
12 minutes on the DOT.
What was your favorite oscar dress last night?
Text coupons have up to a 30% redemption rate. www.zesmo.com
Oh great. Now I have to change all my Instagram settings and make fake locations while I still can.
thanks for introducing me to Korean Spa, I don't think I've ever been so soft and shiny before ;)
It's beautiful out
RT “: The heart is as sacred as a temple, so please make sure you only allow the most worthy in.”
its a burger patty topped with a melty double secret feta cheese,house made gyro meat,cucumber sauce,lettuce,tomato,onion.
I see what you mean, but just watching the hurricane coming seems more stressful to me than tornados.
Ny all that's OVER !!!!! tonight
I think the only problem is finding the glass jug to use.
I love you, red solo cup I lift you up Proceed to party Proceed to party
“: Nothing wrong with DMX, but you know, that's a weird mix.” #iaimtoplease #ohwait ;)
Nice job!!
What an honor! :) RT: Just decided that Chocolate Chip are my favorite food!
Thanks Angela Marie. Have a great Friday!
Some apps take so long to down load......
the one who came to school every day woke up for the world practiced honesty her business was hers
Love your new show, Chris! RT : We're here, we're bleary, get used to it.
don't ya love march madness. There's something for everybody. Lol
i HATE allergies.
How do I get roped into this stuff. My foster daughter is being evicted and I have to move her junk!
I will have a heavy heart, but let me know where and when. I may or may not be wearing a Seau jersey
I FROM MEMPHIS WHERE THEY ROBBIN AND KILLIN.
whatcha laughing at girl?
Haha, no problem, Hope you all enjoyed them
you bet your sweet ass i am.
Sisters bball game. little me
Ha! Not all about me . . . good one! It's ALWAYS all about me!!!
What if I plan on putting in for a #Film Festival or #Con for our film #TheFellowsHip: Rise of the #Gamers - which ones are a must attend?
Thank you!!! :) Sorry to miss out on the LULAC Latinas and hope to make the next meeting!
Omg what a long week. Can't wait to hit the dance floor tomorrow.
Just because I don't start the conversation, doesn't mean I'm not dying to speak to you.
Haha, I still have to watch this past week's ep. I'm going to miss it when it's gone. I hope JJ has another good show lined up.
said that she want gonna come to school tomorrow cause it's my birthday
if you like beer checkout the true oyster stout at Harbor House plus oysterfest on 1/9
Tip to #c21nonhuman: If lunch isn't being provided for you today, think about bringing it &/or snacks. Food at UWM is scarce on Sat.
Stamphill wrap party for the RED show reel is today! Can't wait. It's going to be awesome.
I'm so glad you liked it :). Working on a few more things now. Hoping to get another project produced soon :)
Lol I see how it is... That's all the confirmation I needed.
RT : "To lose patience is to lose the battle." - Mahatma Gandhi
we can agree to disagree. When Mauer signed that contract his coddling times ended. Being paid to drive in runs, not BB's.
Big DC #election tomorrow! Let's keep DC out of the scandal spotlight. Vote for candidates without criminal records!
Amy, I'm glad you liked the post, and that you took no offense to it. No negativity was directed toward you. Best wishes.
“I’m tired of all the nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep
WHO TO FOLLOW? Only the best:
#DrOz is listing women's body parts and saying that you should be unhappy if they're fat. And pay him to make them skinny. Really a savior.
hi girl! hope is your December going?
At relay for life with & valentine & Alison
I forgot my passwords I'm back and even better then before . Lots of big deals on the table right now
Thanks to everyone that attended my session today on end user adoption! Loved the discussion and personal examples!
Our basement flooded and we are doing the best we can, FEMA is coming to see it today. He can shove his criticism of our cleanup effort.
Many have been awakened to treachery, comsummate hypocrisy of this Speaker; restoring Dem control to #Colorado now Job 1.
hey how are you dj rocsi ??
It was PERFECT outside today!
Have you ever woke in the middle of a dream and asked yourself "i wonder what happened?"
“: haven't figured that one out yet...” My mind is still spinning after that 4 hour banquet
I gotchu girl. I'll make a special one just for you.
I totally feel the same.
ask him when we can expect an announcement on whether or not he's running for governor
It's too hot out
YES SHE IS. it's her freakin' show, dude. c: she is. she's lovely. who doesn't love zooey?
he is weak. Ask for a trade take it back ask for it again ask management to fire ur head coach. How selfish of him.
that's horrible. :p
The boys are on FIRE tonight! Officer Krupke really tore down the house!
Lmao! Love the way Tim Duncan shut the crowd up on that block!! I love being the road team!!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you say something that you think is funny, but everyone else just stays quiet.
I just saw the news report....that guy did not survive :(
Mahjongg is highly addictive! #I<U+2665>StrategyGames
Great day to be at the park!
Yes, the 7th inning stretch is brought to you by Jack Daniels. That's what you need right now- Jack Daniels.
H&R Block looking for new CFO; to close more stores
It does doesn't it?
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Jonlly Fruits Inc. Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Allergens In Several Products
Courtney, and yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
m. I see you effectively canceling out the fat free effects of the rice cake with the cream cheese. That's creative
I see how new format is good for students but agree it's annoying not to have adv search up front.
is there anybody out there that can trade fungibly? So hard to find those who are reciprocativacious!!!!
oh ya haha
Shake what your momma gave you!
omg this made me laugh so hard
"Success lies in forming the habit of doing things that failures don't like to do."
Tablet meets the phone meets the drawing pad, a review of the Samsung Note
No idea... He thinks your hot. haha! but he knows I like you.
ATTENTION : SOMEONE GO TO THIS GUYS SITE HERE ON FACE BOOK IT READS... Christopher Alexander Nance I think I'm going to kill myself
Wow, your website is very impressive!
hella funny! The old man donut skit hilarious! Let me tell ya something sport Somebody's ass gettin whooped for these donuts!
is wondering when 8 pm will arrive, so I can go home.
Ok so who wants to come stay with me in IL and hang out with a bunch of raccoons? Anyone?
Andy Pollin's comments re: Tiger Woods in latest blog are right on. Real winners aren't afraid to cry. Losers kick and curse.
PLEASE. tell me more about all the alcohol you're getting for prom weekend!!!!!
Move to Texas, and you'll get sunshine almost every day -- good. And plenty of days with 100 degree temps in the summer -- bad.
TRON (1982) will be released on Blu Ray in time for Easter. Yum!
I have the same throw down with on a regular basis.
don't even really dislike, just can't use it on my phone... so I don't use it.
same here, i could listen to him al day forreal
So old-timey, we don't even have to pretend we are.
i'm a musician looking for music lovers. I was in the band Adelitas Way but now i'm starting a new one
#Pirates have three regulars hitting under .100. No wonder they're 4-7 with 2.97 team ERA.
What agency are you with?
i hope you feel better, p.s i'm a friend of jade's :) <3
Dont get all caught up on somebody that you used to know.
But for the powerful propeller the yacht would have been obliged to liemotionless as a log
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me35
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. 'god forgive us, but ours is a monstrous system & wrong & iniquity'
Looking forward to learn some cool #WordPress tips from ^Carel
This tweet is protected by copyright.
Sky Lounge Giving Two Free Vip Tickets NEW YORK RED BULLS VS UNAM PUMAS THIS WEDNESDAY 9PM 2AM YOUR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS (602)465-4148
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters
#iremember this time me & called someone & they smoke alarm was goin off, but they kept talkin o____O
Get ready trivia lovers.. Thursdays Trivia Night at The Screaming Goat!!
Orlando misses you!
aww, don't be.. You'll see me sooner than later:) Muah!
I just don't think the Cubs can ever win it all in Wrigley. Put new stadium at Addison and the Kennedy. Perfect.
lol , not my fault you lost to denver . olee slack ass team . did you ever get a chance to play miami ? NO , cuz you suck (:
Interesting article in Marie Claire about the increasing # of women choosing singleness. It's not a bad thing. I've embraced it!!
WWVE (What Won't Vince Eat?)
Its a Big Weekend for shoes... What is your Favorite ones coming out? The JS by Adidas or the Jordans or the Foams
Hubble's Happenings...Dwarf Satellite Galaxy But There's No Sleeping Beauty - SatNews Publishers
depends -- do you think people want gifts or recognition?
good think I'm skipping school tomorrow. I can stay up all night and tweet
thx and back at ya
Help Me !
What did Rick Rizzs say to Dave Sims? You don't bring me Blowers anymore.
#hastac2011 hidden histories and materiality of the archive: undergraduate researchers got tattoos of emblems they came across in research:)
I've just come to accept the fact that I'm short and I can't change it
Winning a game they should have lost Thurs nite on walk off slam has given no momentum to Tribe little unless they pull out tonite & tmrw.
#Perry "we need bold conservative leadership...the mission is greater than the man."
SHOULD BE.
Have a wonderful weekend, everybody! Do you have any special plans?
Not for all kids, but for many I use a Flip to record story retell and procedural narrative, as well as TNL narratives
Kobe Kobe Kobe. Go ahead with that one man team bs. Go right ahead.
Baby shower crasher. Hardcore.
baby ur a winner...didnt even take ya 12 rounds...
We'll be there! RT : who else is going to the Oscar Micheaux screening at tonight?
Exciting #Blackhawks playoff game. Oh my my.
Government home loan program lets home buyer buy foreclosure home with $100 down, finance repairs.
Is this a trick? Message from #linkedin to sign in and verify my email and the email is sent from - really???
#FamousLies she doesn't mean anything to me. I love you not her.
Hey, hope everyone's doin Killa! Check us out on Facebook/zerodialect
So tired! <U+E13C>
All real baby- pure<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Picked a wrong time steppin to me when I'm in my prime like I'm optimus.
Do I change who I am in order to teach [or try to] successfully? That doesn't seem right. And yet, current classroom mgmt is not good. Sigh.
Carter half whiffed on the shot... bad goal by smith.
follow me FERGIE I LOVE YOU and the Black Eyed Peas ;-)
Come on Now, violations coming out before former hc is about to sign with rival? And your surprised?
cant wait for #paradise BIG DAY for you and all of your Angels.
I'm doing the opposite of judging! Your Twitterberry... so sexy and efficient!
because #sethsbasement is the place to be
Shame on you North Carolina ! You suck #disgusting #gay rights
Take care of yourself. Do what you need to do to feel good about yourself, your life and your work.
of course I do, I am older ;)
please add if you like more chat, know i would love to know you better
I don't know where mine is, sadly. Those were the days.
Sometimes I look at my old crushes and think, why the hell did I ever like you?
good point if there is a heavan or hell, however we can just do good because we are humans and religion can have hell
yes it's really uncanny and then to learn that the guy isn't a half bad venture capitalist either.
oh yea i was jus thinking bout that bennett step team they half time joint was right last week
Hi Moms! Have a great weekend! Thanks for the tweet!
They should have more replays when it's raining out. It's pure fucking genius.
Hi ! Heard about ur initiative from friends We work with Afghan and Pakistani media and r excited to follow your progress!
I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago ...
your cool
Can it be used online?
They ARE fun! I'm still not perfect but I'm getting there (maybe?) and it's fantastic :D
batten down the hatches - it's gettin' windy.
At what point do you give up? Ever?
RT If you love everyone single one of the boys. Including the ones that were not on ABDC.
Best of all, the tour guide said if we wanted, we could come back for FREE tomorrow to hang with the cats some more!
After years of hiding, somehow I got a letter from the MSU alumni assn. I feel like I'm in back to the future and the libyans have found me
He wants some Ivy.
that was fun
looks like i got my two points after all :P
feeling and praying for you. Much love.
dang lucky! Haha been up since like 7
filesharing sites' "seconds" are actually two seconds in real life
"I was a Mahomie" No you weren't. Cause a Mahomie will NEVER leave Austin. So you were just a FAN. K Bye.
Good Morning Denver! What does your weekend have in store for you?
I trust that you didn't actually follow my Fantasy Baseball recommendations... Perhaps I shoulda told you that beforehand tho...
Gearing up for our launch date with lots of prep work!
Moving on to finalize review of scholarship apps for a committee.
It's a unique twist on the future and the world has crumbled down to just the united states, they renamed it Wisteria. :D
Hi, it's March 29 for their Davidoff Education Day, but I think it's for faculty...
ONLY 5 TASCAM DR2D LEFT! CARTON DAMAGED UNITS FULL WARRANTY ONLY THE BOXES ARE DINGED UP!
Yes, I am, but I won't be anywhere near the festivities. Unless, of course, you plan on clowning in the suburbs.
For all you Gamers out there, day 2 of E3 is going down at the L.A. Convention today!
I had "Sexy and I Know It" stuck in my head earlier, I feel your pain
Lol y is that? U aint got no problems
Glad to have you in the mix!
Man this ballpark can get really loud. Still not use to that at a Marlins game.
no school for me today! :)
I waved to him he waited to see who I was an then turned around ...... :(
Thank you!
OUR SERVICES ALSO INCLUDE: *VIDEOS/MOVIES/COMMERCIALS *GREEN SCREEN EFFECT *VIDEO/AUDIO INTERVIEWS *CD DUPLICATION
literally been listening to him all week.. We really need another man trip
hell yea he did dey said he'll b home n a few months
I feel removed from the world.. what happened in sports today??? Did #kobe sign that contract???
Loved lunch recess :D I LEARNED HOW TO TIE MY SHOE !!!! By doing like one step! So cool!
originally around 5, i'll know more after the first book gets publish
Thank you very helpful
thx for following
Saw a guy get off his bike, put on a kilt, take off his shorts, put on new shorts & take off his kilt. Not sure if I'm impressed or offended
It is so cute and so tiny! But probably a smooth ride. Drive safe! :)
I have a Sanders' fear of spiders.
“: anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening? #totallyserious” It's slower than normal. Seriously
I love sushi days.
we r doing class! Semi finals at the weekend against milton keynes. We beat liverpool 2-1, nd birmingham nd then lymm on
Too many characters on TV commercials look like my friends and me. Time to kill ourselves.
Ok, fresh pot of coffee ready. Time for me to REALLY get off Twitter now and back to #amwriting and
Sun is up, 2 hrs from Austin and I just woke up with on Pandora.
My #Dick My
Eggs! I'm having oatmeal with maple syrup!
How often do Academic Librarians get asked this: Is EBSCO considered a scholarly web page or an academic journal? -_-
you never hang! :(
Thank you for the RT. I really appreciate it I don't know who wrote the review but it's a great one.
2 of the tallest #dogs are the Great Dane and the Irish Wolfhound
#NP Dash Berlin feat. Sarah Howells - Go It Alone
so u just fall asleep no dreams
Wondering what school the Obamas will send the girls to in DC...
Watching look who's talking <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
. so what they're saying is ... #julia is a COMPOSITE CHARACTER?!
Who's enjoyed our buy 1 salad/sandwich and getting the 2nd 50% off?? From 3pm-close, say "1942" at the register to receive the discount!!
Props 2 put'n it dwn at the
Well I think as far as Mike goes he has to change or he will lose the battle. He is against twitter but had to have an app????
"Important mainly because of the words in the message." That's as good a criteria as any.
thats a lie clearly.
I told my sister she should take her own pillow but no, she'll just use mine.
; love me like you loved me when you loved me and didn't have to try <3
I want Reka to edit this pic of Chricki for me so I can put it as my background.
haha thank you! An an early congrats to you!
Hello Srini, Enjoyed your call on KSR today! Go Big Blue!
Stop the presses! There's sunshine in Austin!
Trixze is packing up and moving back to NYC.
"With nothing left to lose and nowhere else to go, it is time for all planetary kin to enter the adventure of Timeship Earth."
Thanks, Susan! :)
passion tea is the best! Nothing else compares
Yesterday, I hear a kid ask for "sushi, not McDonald's, please!" Today I read about the 9 y/o protesting Westboro Baptist.
we'll see!
I may not be at every single one of your performance but ill always support you no matter how far you are
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. - Burton Hills -- Positively Positive ()
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU BACK.. MAKE SURE TO CHECK OUT THE KIDS OF SIMPLY O
RT : RT : Want to learn about & how we're creating #PGH jobs? Join me on a live Google+ hangout on Friday...
all thanks to my A+ trainer
RT“ big lips coupled with big titties #winning”
Oh, , are you really coming to Newton, MA?!
cool background on your Twitter home page. Where did you find it?
Great day for commencement
of course! It was our pleasure! Come back and see us!!
Speak to patterns of problems. (e.g. Consistent use of fragments, run-ons, or poor sub-verb agreement).
We're getting 2 or 3 likes a day! Lets keep them coming, you guys are amazing!
40 inc angle <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA> on my trunk wen I swaaaang!
Let us here at Global Elements help you promote your business we offer awesome deals on Business Cards,Fliers,Posters,Banners,cont...
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Message brd says no outside food/drink in civic center. Glad they didn't see my venti Starbucks this am.
You don't have to be an animal to support animal rights. So you don't have to be gay to support gay rights.
But I want them NOW! (Seriously, though, thanks for your help!)
My husband says it's because "The Little Cat (TLC) needs TLC"
I'm with at the Google Media Hub Filing Center at the Iowa Caucus.
Thank you Geoff, we look forward to reading all about your trip on your blog! What was the best meal you had in SF?
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time but hang in places and w/ people who lift u up
Watching The Stand yet again. What's this make? Like the 1,000th time.....LOL
I sent you a dm, I hope you got it!
its hard for me to accept the fact that im pretty when someone tells I am. I usually dont believe or it just takes time to accept it.
The start is what stops most people. -Don Shula
#liber2011 Link rot, citation rot, service rot: BAD persistence statistics. How can we create a persistent scholarly record?
Drank an Icee. SLURP!
Rickie Weeks' career K% is 22.8%. If that's his true talent, there's a 95% chance he'd be b/w 15.6% and 30.3% after 135 PAs. He's at 27.4%.
I fell asleep pretty much the minute I got home, BUT such a wonderful time ...
ATTN WRITERS & ARTISTS! Our submission deadline for the Sept/Oct Double Issue (due for release the end of the month!) is Monday 10/24
Last night was adventurous!!
I saw it and thought of you.
There's just some people I never wanna see in my life again..
ALPHA NEWS: Reggie Sharpe of Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region Oratorical Contest
well, i finished. all /libraries and /departments are accounted for. assuming no invisible stragglers
I hope roaches eat your face off as you sleep.
When I wake up to 40 texts on my phone from a certian directioner () tweeting about in everyone......
This guy in jorts just spit on Groucho Marx's star. The ultimate indignity.
Movies tommaro maybe ! finally
It is 6 and I gotta get ready to go to some school for an ap session...
We're happy for you! RT : Went to UC today & I'm so happy with my decision it's perfect for me there :)
They turn/accept all things progressive. Just issue by issue, like in gay marriage, for example. Some may still not be..
I don't hate her because you're the one I am worried about. You tell me you don't care but its oretty obvious
Sometimes I wonder do you ever think of all the memories and get sad? <3
Seated in plane, frankfurt to washington. Turning off phone.
pwahahahah!! Rude!!! Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
see you there!! #tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!!!
Hope you're having fun at opry mills
Naked retouching...
you guys r going too? I can teach u what we learned :)
BLESSED IS HE THAT COMES IN THE NAME OF THE LORD (Jn 12:13-14) Fear not daughter, your King is coming! Say it and get ready amen. #Sir Court
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)xo<3
Well, Indiana is a pretty conservative place.
Yeah, because he chose minor league baseball over summer workouts.
oops I'm watching Skins.
agree sassy, aubrey is a snake and didn't deserve to be there. Good luck guys.
Grayson is a typical democrat. Killing is ok if it doesn't take very long or cost very much.
have you ever seen the Celtics play in Boston or Atlanta?
I'd beat a prostitute too, if she had a dick!
Hey, all is good workin hard in the studio. How r u guys doing?
Ur like rosy O'donelle at a bisexual bridal shower
doin' the fantasy draft thing
and called him garbage lmao
The insecurities among these women... She just got in the pool and A's soon A's she sees and I, she make her bf leave
First the earthquake, now Steve Jobs resigns. Where will we find the strength to carry on?
Thanks for the shout out!
Well, 3 hours worth of morning report attendance and searching, accomplished. Yay productivity!
Basketball federation future at stake after charges of corruption - Chicago Tribune
Good luck tomorrow to all my friends running the Mini!
oh, no lol don't be sorry! he was funny in a good way ;)
I jumped the gun and ripped it off already. Sorry.
Thanks lady!!!
Expresses his deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of fellow WVU Mountaineer, Chris Henry. God bless.
no argument there...
This show/documentary Thumbs wuz so good
Oh hell no. bud stole The Cult. The next person I see drinking one gets hit with it.
headed to emcee this St Patty's day parade, then off to rock the mic at the Indiana Ice game!!!!
absolutely! This was a fantastic tour; the best I've been on. Information and History was fantastic as are the guides!
Watching Enchanted(: Vivienne is spending the night.. dog walking && mall tomorrow ? I hope so ! :)
I miss you!
Distraction/is a wish inside/a wish
and thank YOU for hosting!
Since you play a drug dealing accountant on TV I will follow your advice
We have a shy monster...no attacks yet. He's gotta be up to something!
Realized I have not one but TWO Ugly Xmas Sweater events to attend ( & 's Merriment). Now where to find a sweater?
Or you could just start listening to your messages :p
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Coffee always helps :)
it would be much appreciated
hahaha! Have a great one!
Awhhh i just keep watching chachi over and over again <3 .... goal by end of summer: get to retweet one of my posts
u were amazing on the x-factor! I'm hoping ur tour comes to newcastle! X
all my friends are doing fun things, I'm at home being a loner, pretending to get important things done, but really- just sitting here. eh.
Ask me again Wednesday (maybe). Seems to be working in Odessa, AMA & Corpus. Different biz model & attendance expectation
“: Bra Sizes and Grades always seems to match up.” LMFAO!!!
I went to a cafe that advertised breakfast anytime, so I ordered French Toast during the Rennaisance
thanks :):) when i move in you will have to come over for wine
Classic Red Queen Classic Costume
Is that so... because a guy w/o cable/satellite and suffering w/ mlb.tv blackouts could use a solution...
This is a very happy renewal 24 hours.
(: i love you twin but i dislike being put on hold !
Chillin at DQ - having a #blizzard - banana split!
I love how Lando tags himself in his tweets lol
consummating my love and conceiving a food baby with In-n-out. he never brings me flowers but he always fills my love cup...m
Ready to rock it out for Jesus tonight at Crossroads of Newnan! Are y'all ready!?
welcome home john
Am selling a domain name I bought 12 hours ago to pay for a plane ticket to Mexico this summer! What a great day.
The Billy Goat Tavern, established in 1934, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Hey momma i cant wait to see you at the office !! it doesnt function well when you aint here !! yeah i said ,, AINT LOL
is that you I see over by the wall at the reserve game
I think they've gotten over their Mariabo morning and may play inspired ball now?
A good name is more desirable than riches. To be esteemed is better than silver or gold. Provb 22 1
Just saw a dude earlier spit from the top floor of the mall down to the bottom. Dat aint cool.
gotta RT this Singer on her song "Tightrope"—a favorite of the First Lady’s—and why she supports :
If only we truly realize, our past can only dictate our future only if we make the past rule our present way of life. R.I.P. dear Whitney!
Thank you. RT : what a beautiful smile:-D
thank you for listening.
Perfect day for it too! RT : Shamrock the block = awesome. Thank you
Thank you! We LOVE seeing old pictures, if you happen to have any!
you never know in a couple of hours when he has to poop mabey heel give it back ;)
Save the date! Trunk show with special guest on 5/31. You won't want to miss out on these amazing hats!
Sure miss yours and Anya's too! Besos!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 6
On A Cloudy Day I Can Make You Smile :)
Perfect! Lunch date with and the South Shore YMCA tomorrow secured! :)
The results are in. Team , Gutflap, Classroom Catalyst and Team National will be at the finals tomorrow!
Cool story bro some people are such hypocrites
Total Exhibit Solutions helps create your brand identity and expand your presence at expos and trade shows.
Wouldn't need to spend on obesity prevention if we didn't subsidize industrial agriculture & car culture.
okay justin im going out now, but i will be back in 2 hours and i hope you will be in my followers
Today is the last day to submit applications to the Red Bull Music Academy - just make sure they are postmarked today -
Thanks! RT : RT : Video! Whistleblower claims continue to skyrocket! Mitigate whistleblower risks today:...
that I cannot get behind unless you are a small child because then its kind of cute.Wait... ARE YOU A SMALL CHILD?!?!
Smart may have the brains but stupid has the balls.
hush little arm meat, don't make a sound. mama's gonna (muffled words).
I just passed 86 likes! '86 is the year I was born, so thank you to Desiree Thornburg for being my 86th fan!
Its great having to house quiet and to my self
Today is our first birthday!! We hope to have many more years serving as a voice for all children in Memphis and the Mid-South.
Bautista couldn't hit a volleyball right now
Idiom I am hearing a lot is "In The Loop". It is good to know if you study #eigo. Ex: I would like you to keep me in the loop.
Pat Oliphant has a cartoon about the shooting in Florida. It ignores the witness that says Trayvon Martin attacked George Zimmerman.
won't know if you don't try haha
Belated easter weekend - taking eiffel tower staircase with anton
It's astonishing how people can be so passionate about music!
Likewise, we can't guarantee you the next great viral video, but we will produce crazy good animations...
if i wasn't u wouldn't have done nothing =p
Fine fine, it was a moat.
Close enough!
#Imagine You logged on to twitter & you were spammed by Austin tweeting you "YOURE BEAUTIFUL, I LOVE YOU BABY!"
I Cant wait for teen wolf tomorrow ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
We are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and yes even today! Ready to serve all your courier service needs! Call us!! 877-527-5737
Gorillas are cuter than elephants...
you look lke him and I'm smarter than him!
#Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR ! <3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 #MAHOMIES!!!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Orlando! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Like I have to do manual labor today.... Forever hating my life
shut the door on the devil. Keep him under your feet
RT : Great service and healthy real chicken at Ike's MSP Airport! Best meal in MSP the past 5 days.
Enjoying Me Day!
Thank you Curtis! We love each other lots
Join the auction everyone is talking about! #LPS bidding
Nick Minaj>Honey Cocaine
ONLY 400 to 1,500 followers and we pick a WINNER of a FLIP HD CAMCORDER! Tell your friends to follow and you enter to win!
Tough assignment today...3 letter word. Wanna guess?
You like?
You Okay?
haha! I've never actually lost it and really hope I do this time lmao
I watched 35 and ticking. The two of u together was hella fun! Getting all my over 30 friends over to view
The actual translation from Russian to English is a bit of both. ;)
Thanks for the follow! Keep us in mind if you or your friends need a Boston area Realtor. :)
Before you judge someone evaluate your life. Nobodys better than another!
wouldnt it be nice to go to a sleepover were they offered u bfast sooner than 5 mins after they were leavin to the dr? Ya that'd be nice...
I approve this message. RT : Shipyard Never Disappoints ...
Troubleshooting a deadly combination of a Gale database, SFX, and LexisNexis Academic. I may not survive this one.
RT : RT : 12 years after establishing the LA Historic State Park, it remains unfinished...
Chilling on #TheBailout wit
otis redding had a one of kind voice
So much work to do. Akskdjsndndi
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
Heh. I think I need a few drinks before I will fully understand. :-)
Sad that Tom Lutz doesn't have a Twitter. I feel like he'd have an excellent one.
Yeah!! RT : Bought my ticket for BOH and MMJ. It's a lawn seat, but Idgaf.
there are 2 types of campaigns - the sprint and the marathon. is talking about a sprint - 7 billion & me.
She could love you good but I can fuck u better!
The Sharp Hospital green roof is almost complete! Speaking on green roofs at the Bright Green Futures Conference in 30 Min
Tropically, sexily, dark-deliciously, 1959 #excited for Ep. #5 "Suicide Blonde," minutes away on
hey you. Work husband. I miss you. ;)
Help us RT the police memorial page please
If you eat a fruit from a primeval forest on the equator, you'll find it small, hard, fibrous, and really not sweet
let me borrow that book when you're done holy shit
I'm Emma
The Board unanimously voted to name the next middle school after Dr. John Folks. Folks MS, formerly known as FM 471 N MS, opens Aug 2013.
Ask us questions right now on stickam.com/djrossstar!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for following us
please stop rt those facts I'm laughing to hard !!!!!
To sleep, to rest my bones and hope tomorrow is back to my normal self!
Kate McPherson reports: Covenant House says 65% of homeless teens come from homes where there is drug use; half of girls report sexual abuse
All the clippers do is Flop!!
Just played HALO AE in 3D. Wow. Bringing back some good memories with new graphics. ...what's that? oh... SKYRIM, yes - back to it now
": #FollowTuesday Some>>>> #Sexxyladies2 ---follow my new page
#CamillaBelle looked unreal last night.
Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego
so HA.
#Artfact- Rembrandt was 1 of 5 children; He was the only child his parents felt was fit to educate.
When people aren't original enough to get their own ideas.
ur gma is a trip rite now
You like the flyers season
Would love to meet up with you before your talk (flying out right after) to chat about useful features built around RSS!
that's awful. RT : live on the coast.. We are still finding tarballs that are washing ashore.
I love h babe :(
found you! Thanks for the mention. Twill be good to follow your tweets now.
I know I wish it were more Weddings. This one was a real shocker. Didn't know she was that sick.
What has this world come to when a man can't even jump a car off a ramp car on top of another ramp car?
RT : Youth is wasted on the young. -English proverbs
please #ReauthorizeVAWA! #VAWA has saved millions of $ and countless lives. via
on the juicy stuff in discourse on failure on DH
Great goal chara! Go #bruins!
Keep tweeting! :D We can do this, Mahomies! #AustinTo700K <33
": : Thanks for the follow..." Your welcome! #teamfollowback <U+263A>
great gig tonight. Loved the Michael Douglas handshake! Come back to smaller venues in dfw!
Bachmann's in the race!
u can text me
Fairly certain that teachers will not "read allowed." Nor will they "asses fluency."
Does twitter search help (on phone can't do)
so what, its called paying respect
I <3 Duke University!!
I Wonder If Is Following Me
FLASH MOB!-Join Rock Cancer C.A.R.E. "Filling the Gaps in Cancer Care" & Rock Steady today at Balboa Park * 10AM www.rockcancercare.org
I had the best day ever, I ran into my ex girlfriend and her new boyfriend..............with my car lmao
The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
RT Fun fact: The average American 3-year-old can recognize about 100 brand logos. (via )
RIP Tura Satana. It was an honor to have my Dames perform for you. "I don't try anything. I just do it."
At the heart of #lent is the message of taking this opportunity to reflect and reconnect with your Divinity. This is a powerful time.
thanks! I fixed the website link.
gettn ready to start writing the next solo album. this ones going to set the bar for the future!!
Have a wonderful day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Does xfactor come on tonight
rain, rain go AWAY
On my way to see and the rest of the Brew Crew in beast mode against the Dbacks!
Anybody have an opinion on VPN apps for the iPhone? Which one is the best?
Any Pilates DVD suggestions to do at home?
wishing I was at the Amadeus to write
She trying to look cute in her heels; bitch know she can't even walk straight! Ctfu
"Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feeling hella cool tonight..."
lemme know when your here
so much fun!! Raged in south beach last night
Just watched "Melancholia" on Netflix .... whoa. Lars. Heavy, dude.
I needed sleep so I just caught up on the highlights.
": It's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, ends up a memory."
I'm changing the world, one hashtag at a time.
Better see me while you're in town, let's go out one night.
With every movement, comes a movement of hashtags!
HA, is taking over - relay the notice to and Steve
thanks for the url... Already signed up for the free baby stuff
start them, play them. When they get tired call timeout. Play them more, get brewer and A some minutes then insert starters
Love my morning walk to the shop! I always run into so many awesome SF small business owners who inspire me!
sent you an e-mail, let me know if that works for you.
Metta World Thanks.
I see you still enjoying your vacation
They got every number in the 70's except 71 and 77 I think. It's a little annoying but oh well.
Not a good day at the office
Re-correction. Follow
oh ok
Feeling like J..."Can't be life... Gotta be more.... Can't be us
You have everything , the only person who cant see that is you .....
RT has the coolest ofice of #SFD1 by a country mile.
please follow back :)
Wow! All the flowers have bloomed where I live and it's still only February. What a beautiful winter : )
Dam , I only slept for 4 hours lol
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
Sake onion ketchup FTW! Ehhh :D RT : you always have the option of the burger @ Old Homestead!
23 #Beers On Tap Countdown - Now it gets fun. Tell us your favorites #craftbeers #indianabeer lovers, #indy, #carmel,
Those days when you listen to a Pandora 80s station and drink coffee hoping the effects of a driving beat and caffeine will simulate focus.
Headed to brusters in calcutta for their 20th anny
Great advice..
Obama has abandoned no principles. You have when you abandon him. GOP wins.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery...
I gotta start somewhere .
Most seasons with at least 27-7-6, LeBron has 6 and Jordan sits at 1. I'm just saying.
We want to wish all of our followers/friends a wonderful Holiday Season.
true. Agree with that
Another epic day ahead.
all black people are not good and all white people are not evil I have nothing but love for all peaceful spirits
Your hair looks so pretty<3
#sljsummit10 Leu: high levels internet penetration globally. Methinks its time to move beyond the digital natives/immigrtants nonsense
I just saw the story with the parents of one of the victims of the Ohio school shooting - Danny Parmertor. Broke my heart.
I'm just trying to make it in a world set up to fail.
confession: I ate a mcdonalds hamburger, and now I regret it. - there I said it.
Just had it! It was good lmao
"we met each other 20 years ago when we made a nirvana record" .yeah, i think i've heard that record. dave grohl on authenticity
I am not a whore.. BUT I LIKE TO DO IT (;
RT : Running shoes last about 300-500 miles, depending on your weight. Replace them often for necessary support.
It's time for annual program review of PCAK Parent Education Programs! We look forward to follow-up & onsite visits in coming weeks!
unless your mom just got out of prison or is having a baby the card selection at safeway is pretty picked over.
A lost bumper sticker.
u look like money
That's so untrue... everybody deserves to live.
It's a great Night in Denver Colorado :)
Up early about to get my workout on, then a long day of meetings.
awesome.... thanks!
word, you know what school you trynna hit up or whatever?
$50 includes All you can eat crabs, buffet, and beer
thanks for the follow check out
RT Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Makin plans 2 go c Fela on Broadway produced by Jay Z, Will Smith nd Jada Smith. Who wanna come wit me May 15th- May 20th?
Are you going to the Q on Friday?
hey friend ... whats been going on?
what doesn't kill me, makes me stronger.
RT Be the kind of woman (or man) that when your feet hit the floor each morning the devil says~ "Oh Crap, She's up!"
I remember feeling that way. I was like "OMG I didn't DO anything!!" But I was wrong - there's always time to do things. :)
i think i love him .
July 22nd (Friday at 6 pm) Songwriter Workshop by The Hollands! July 22nd (Friday at 8 pm) The Hollands! Concert
Money can't by happiness....
haha same.(: have you met him?
This was because most of the larger trade and commercial centers were located in urban areas
Thats why there is America it's the land of opratunity lol unless your Mexican then.... No lol
Cool Promo to win a #RipCity T-Shirt! Submit your Blazers fan photos via twitter and add hash tag #WeAreRipCity . Ready, Go!
Get out get out get out of my head !
This is what it's been about all year long. Good luck to you and the team. God bless.
Well I'm no longer a government stooge...back in the private sector and I all ready feel less slimy.
Eating chocolate cake and pretending it's still my birthday.
I like a booty that can talk back to me
Florida senior basketball player Erving Walker was convicted of stealing a taco from a street vendor & ordered to pay a $300 fine.
no of course not! I was hoping that we could be friends!
Just got out of #sla2010 unconference session -- very interesting discussion on the culture of social media
Ready for a great day. Let's Go!!
Nurse Ratshit hasn't been handing out the right meds
yay! Congrats Jimmy! See you at the Farmers Market tomorrow?
Do you think Dwight Howard is gonna change team this season ?
Pasta & chicken.
I don't know what to do with my life now that the Kentucky Derby is over. Thanks for nothing, Calvin Borel.
1 day, 11 hours, and 9 minutes. This is STILL not ok..
What's this about?
The weekend is here and the weather is cool, we think you could use a Marcato cab franc.Ruby color,touch of leather, black pepper
I don't have that Talib. New roots is super tight tho!!
#Mizzou Pres. Wolfe: "Having the political leadership in Jefferson City decide what we teach on our campuses goes against our mission."
YES!! I cried! and I hate how they both ended. I can't wait til september
yes I think its safe to say I am more of an adidas guy, couldn't help myself :)
I've done that before. But not confidential stuff either. 1 of these days though, i can see myself printing my paystub :)
I have been really, really missing Anthropology lately...
I had fun 2 day omfg y 2 day had to end-__-
Just saw Johnny Ringo at the gym. I said "I'm your huckleberry". No I'm not that guy.... ( So wanted to)
oops! At least you realized it and didn't schedule an appointment (which some people have done!)
RT : Just left Sunset Station & there's over 1000 ppl in line for the Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan Concert
we love you
Anyone downtown for sxsw? Done with work early today. Drinks?
APNewsBreak: GOP US Sen. candidate Mark Neumann's solar company got $81,000in grants under federal stimulus law.
Tin roof.....rusted.
Why is #ZachParise so hot? I can't handle it.
Happy 0x31, or for certain DEC systems, 0000061
It is not whether you get lucky - good or bad, it is what you do with it that separates you. Via
The Tressels performing live on www.xpn2.org coming up at 8pm
Testing the Elegance #mobile #Joomla template based on before it's released and must say it is awesome!
all I want to do is sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Today is your day to believe in yourself. Don't expect others to believe in you until you decide to believe in your own product! That is u!
Perhaps you should look up the definition of racism and reassess.
Grrrr my mom just caught me chasing my tail...how embarrassing
Congratulations to Seniors for the Penn Fund who recently hit 1,750 donors!
I dig this new Blink Album!!
Hi Dusty and Hurley!!!!
Looking forward to your show at Any Hall & Oates tunes tonight?
Damn I was hella nervous. I did good though.
thank you so much! we'll be releasing a brand new song once we hit 1000 followers!
I smell superbowl!
my love for can never b described in words<U+2661>
Really? I am considering both. I guess the downside to the iphone is no push email. Otherwise it seems exceptional.
these #writingassignments are killing me. i can't even write 14 sentences in english about this let alone italian. its too
A STOR GRATULERER MED DAGEN to my nephew Shane, who turns the big two today! :)
BAM! “: how about a follow?”
So much positive buzz for UT-TV tonight! Feeling grateful to be a part of this amazing team :)
Happy Friday Friends!
i love “Selena Is A Great Role Model”
(I'm tempted to reply only with emoticons.)
ask mrs goodman wat she thinks about me
yeah, it's not working. :(
time to taper yourself off the Drano
CUBS WIN!
Twitter talk gone get a bitches ass beat
If your looking for us we are SquE-Zn with at Stadium Brewing Co. in Aliso Viejo, Ca. Come tequila n SquE-Z!!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT : I been a Lesbian for about 25 years now...
Anyone got an invite to share? Please?
you're so excited about Friday!
Bible Verse of The Day: 1 John 1:7 Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have...
#BlackParentsQuotes " Bring All My Change Back " .
That's what I tell my niggas who can hoop n think they're better than me, I'm not gonna let a nigga who occasional hooper beat me at my job
Starting to think that maybe us being more fit than everybody else early won us a couple matches, now we're on par and not as dominant.
that'll do it.
What is equire? I recommended it to you??
And when some1 with a story of ignorance on the levels I've faced they cry uncle when the truth of their manipulation is seen
Exactly one month from now, I'll be kickin it for the rest of summer.
I want to show my appreciation by offering selected clients a $99 microdermabrasion facial. Call to book your appointment
Forget the Heisman, Jordy Nelson is now trademarking the stiff arm.
I'm curious what you think about the new 52!
Sounds liken Lawerence was my Great Grandpa Franks's brother. Does that sound right to you?
At "A Neuroscience SPIN on the Imago Dei -- Implications for the Illness is Schizophrenia"
We did! Applied common sense (along with geometry) makes us positively giddy.
Just burned through about $15 of itunes money in <5 minutes.
I don't like talking to guys that have girls that are friends ... Hoes be acting wild now a days .
I can't give you all the things you gave me. It's time to say goodbye to turning tables
*smiles* thank you. Um, ok. If ya want to go. You've probably got things to do before bed. Ill get out before the tea gets cold
How do you play basketball with no ACL's. Nice dunk by Blair!!
I'm really tired of the phrase one and done. . . Its not a big deal
Happy Saturday gamers whats on the gaming agenda for you all today?
so i made a bunch of red velvet cupcakes...and when i say a bunch, i mean too many.
trying to do homework here
Busy schedule? CarRxMobileLube comes to your home, office or business for hassle-free service
thank you, I'll talk to you closer to July :)
The ticket inspector on both trains I've been on today has just looked at me and walked away...
#Rockies fans, this inning sums up the season in a nutshell. Hits and runs for the Dodgers, mistakes by Rockies.
legit can't wait<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Me too girl!!!!
UNKIND Criticism is not to teach or help its purpose is to punish.When someone attaches unkindness to criticism, they want to hurt ..
Well I've managed to add my own presentation to the conference scheduler. This might be slightly overwhelming.
I wonder if you have to check for ear wax when you order fried pig's ears in a restaraunt!
o_O RT Why are woman surprised if a man wants sex just say yes or no and keep it moving its not that deep
That Ish Crazy!
hey in ss class!!!!
Just gave my teacher the worst evaluation ever
#TheVoiceFinale #teamadam all the time, but really #TeamBlake you picked a good one in ! judges:Hot
RT : Limbaugh on radio right now making things worse, says only mistake was using "slut" and "prostitute" to describe her. Uh...
The goodness of God comes not for what he does for you but what He has already done for all. His love surpasses all.
hmm...my cousin, mother, grandma, people sneezing,coughing,stupidity #thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral yeah I'm weird but it bothers me
To the cute couples that post pictures of themselves making out on twitter and facebook.. #EWWW #PLEASESTOP #BARF #D';
maybe tell them how many calories you're burning vs intake haha
i feel like i should've taken a week off to hang out up there
i know Kimmel is a promo for King is dead but u should play Hazards of love 4 so me and my hubby can dance to our wedding song!!
Not every experience is right for every person. Otherwise we'd all just be an army of clones.
Good Morning waking up very early today listening to the birds outside my window...
Staff at my house wants to encourage visitors to tweet from our new exhibit. Any museums have pointers to share? They'd be much appreciated!
Good luck with that! RT : We'll see if Tim Tebow can help Rex Ryan with his language? I know he welcomes the challenge!
I'll drink to that!
Conversely, if you're trick or treating, you're probably too young to be wearing a wedding ring.
Making sales calls today in Mount Vernon, it will be a lot of coldcall?
I'm so over PEOPLE trying to put other PEOPLE down! Bitch, if someone wants to do that then LET IT FUCKING BE ! & MIND YOUR BUSINESS!
#thatcampva: "Let's keep it nice, let's keep it weird."
:oo Really, Germany? That's so cool! :)
#fashweek: as in I felt a fish out of liberal water to the extreme - though got lots of compliments on the 1950's Mme Gris full skirt!
OMG. I just got done w/ a convention at that hotel. May god have mercy on your soul.
if I had a dollar everytime I was asked that I wouldn't have to play cards for a living. There's not many of us that's for sure.
Whatever that means?
If you love her, dont kiss and tell and she will do anything and do it well .
RT : If IT is not riding your train, you're dead in the water.
30 min dinner break and oh joy we get $10 more in food coupons for the gross food court
After Sunday, QPR stands for Quits Pretty Regularly.
My awsm adviser got me in2 400-level prelaw class in spring! Waiting area reeked of Axe. Poor, sad undergrad males...
I went to cortney today........ With my friend with no permission. I meet up with my ex boyfriend........ I missed him a lot.…
He will not forsake me and this is why, there's only one way to heaven..no matter how hard you try.
I'm shot, and so are YOU.
RT : MT : Take-away from day 2 of #ASTD2012: best learning design includes stories, draws on our natural curiosity &...
Working on music. is the musical engineer for the show! Gonna be INTENSE :) March 25th save it!!!
fuck everybody...im in my own zone nigga
YOU guys are the best. Proud to be a fan =)
No, but I direct
guess how you tow a train? you push it. really hard. with another train...
hi! I'm a student in ILT today. Feels...weird!
ahh, yes. Makes sense. Jessica Sanchez is the girl I'm thinking of - love her.
lol si tu. I'm pretty confident on what I have.
Hey spahrsicle, We're real sorry to hear that. Call us up and we'll mail you some killer coupons. Hope to hear from you. JN
Just went jogging felt great (:
well put.
Q-Team Cleanup or Death for short
YES! Sleepover muchachas! ;D
Well deserved standing "O" for Taj Gibson
Bitch can't even get a towel...
s/O
!WE ARE THE BEAUTY MAFIA BITCH!
clean as you go is always good policy :)
Yup. Most of their stores do.
GM sexy
Roots celebration of the "morel" begins this weekend. Enjoy in non moderation.
Waking up to an ocean view is bomb ! ^.^
Today is Definitely a impulse buying day
thanks my man!!! Hope I get to see you soon...
It's a screencasting app. My Ss are currently making propaganda posters with it. I used it once to record a lecture.
where you located?
#Trivia Monday starts at 8pm. Let’s test your skills now: Who was the only team to score more than 100 points in an NCAA championship game?
boarder patrol.
No, mainly if it was a guy flirting, she asked. Like Aaron commented on my status and has never met her and guessed it right..
High five. I actually ended up fooling around on the internets instead of xboxing anyway.
it's that zebedee moment
i got my paycheck AND tax return today! i'm 'bout to pay the SHIT outta some bills, y'all!!
Revolution is packed! in the building! hosting an amazing closing party!
stats and U2 don't mix btw have u seen killing bono
you getting to school early tomorrow to?
suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
Thank you. I glammed it up a bit ;-)
Weekend of coaching basketball and watching UK!
CHINESE TAKEOUT FOR DINNER YUSSSS
Gratz for your #IAWTVAwards acting nominations! Well deserved!!
Stupid fly...
Why is my mom acting lk a #1 bitch rite now..
How'd it go? Did your face feel too nekkid?
Guess who forgot her phone at work again? Yeah, I'm a dumbass.
Thanks, you too! I'm jealous you have the day off. May it be filled with beer
So my great niece makes a bogus Chinese food order while I'm sleep and the whole waking me up to pay because she said Uncle buying
Yesterday everything seemed fine; today completely different! What to do at this point is a mystery... somebody else can solve.
We make our living off comic anachronism, but to do it well means reading 3 books for each joke, yeah - DvL
dude I do too minus all the obvious BS lol. We should meet up at mount or in Pittsburgh sometime.
Drag racing would be a lot more fun if I didn't have to wear a dress
Happy Labor Day! WSWB will be closed today. We will open on Tuesday at 11am for lunch. We hope to see you then...Salud!
Derek Fisher in OKC
Follow please ? :D
what's on the agenda?
Tonight is not the night to trust me with your china or your children - at least not the ones you care about.
no way you'd ever get it ... too qualified!!
I'm broken...
Thanks for the mention!
Best rappers ever,Lil.Kim,Biggie,and Nas.
awww austin I'm crying for u <3
lovin the avi... In the future literally everyone will be a DJ (we are nearly there)
Just starting to approach stores and try and my stuff in places! I am always down for collaborating with entrepreneurs ANYTIME!
The team is headed to the Colorado Democratic Convention. Watch out Pueblo!!
'mom, why don't you remember what time I was born? mom-"uh, Ocean, I was kind of busy..delivering my own child" me- ok.point made.
I like this #saysomethingnice thing. I might even #saysomethingnice after today is over.
aye Baeza, who the bestest fans ever ?! :)
the police didnt take any action until the whole city came to protest on the streets and it gained national attention,,,,,,
We love hearing that! Keep it up! " - just got done with a killer spinning class! And going for seconds tomorrow :)"
"Happy Anniversary" to our Ferndale location ! 2 years going and still spiffy as ever !!
Busto VDS... Not gonna lie I didn't bring my a game today, but I will tomorrow.
those beliebers that won't be a fan to anyone else but justin? creeps. im a belieber & a directioner & and a simpsoner & a mahomie. (:
"I am not interested in Daryl either.."
I am starting to think that #FloydMayweather is scared to fight #MannyPacquiao; he seems to have an endless amount of excuses.
SHOUTOUT to got some real tweets! Go follow him!
Mike- Thanks for pointing that out. It will be my greatest masterpiece yet. Outside of beating the Ravens in '07.
Running to the car before your parents get there and waiting for them to unlock the car
Me too. I honestly thought they would miss Heavy and Nick Ashford. Was rather shocked that they missed Etta and Don.
Let me say a million times that you love me no good if I do not see in your eyes <U+2665>
Not every day. Pizza trumps it, but def on a cold and rainy day.
first encountered Judith Butler at thirteen in an online community: very cool!
thanks for following! (: have you listened to ? have a wonderful day!
#houston India\'s $45 Akash tablet racks up 1.4 million pre-orders in 2 weeks This year is shaping up to be the year for low-cost t
#WhyILoveMuseums there's something to interest everyone
i can't wait to get my #TWMiniDolls6Days !
Many thanks, darling. I am so glad we've met... LOVE YOU!
Happy new year! Watching Times Square on TV... Kinda miss being there a few years back at in Manhattan!
it is throwing it down..
Welcome to the CBS 4 family. We look forward to meeting you. If you need help w anything - pls just ask!
thanks! And yes Roger sadowsky sent me a shirt and a signed pic!! So cool!
So exited to be heading to WORK today, hallelujah!!!! Happiest Friday ever ;-)
Does anybody else think that the patriots should b smashing the jets rite now
I just spent so much money on groceries I think I accidentally shopped at Pick N Rape.
Who are JASMINATORS? (:
Yeah, and people in hell want ice water.
I think "...shining city on a hill" is the new "The End."
You know what's a bad idea? Doing your taxes with a cuppa whiskey. My refund does not look right. And I can't find the back button.
Thanks Greg! Your donation and promotion are greatly appreciated! I'd love to catch up with you...Spidey Project date?
....or it could just be the bus! Either way :((((
If you're doing #superbowl be sure to check out Com to know all that is going on in INDY. Game changing resource for you.
i know :/ we will have to make it the best two weeks everr!
Big cement pour tomorrow for our 6th floor! We'll be tweeting live pics!
Register by emailing or sponsor a challenger to help raise funds for #PZS2011 and get a crazy #zine!
We have space for 2 lucky folks! & TONITE ! Reply to this msg w/ yo name & we got chu down +1. Go!
The Tuck is rocking right now! I love it. FSU basketball is back, baby!!!!
Haha, nice! Do you like the series? What did you think of the movie?
Season 4 episode 7 kerev is hookin up w the new grey, izzy and george are trying to have decent sex, and the nazis cheif res
RT : 2 years ago today, I came out of the closet & reclaimed my power. I am too valuable to be a secret on any level.
Oh no! We'll try to make it to you!
Armenia has a population of 2.9 million, while the number of Armenians outside the country is about five million.
I couldn't sip a beachside drink at your Key Largo resort since it lacks a bar. Wish I had stayed anywhere else on the island.
BREAKING NEWS- Authorities have identified the owner of the SUV used in failed bombing in NY Times Square.
Happy holidays #cupcakes scoffed
Cause niggas with LONG MONEY don't care !
Let's try an experiment. Send me an idea for a tshirt I will design it and market it. If it sells 3 times I will send you a FREE tshirt.
with who?:o
yes I come home friday :D we're gonna tear orlando up!
Al-Jazeera Digital Dashboard Tracks ‘Arab Spring’ Tweets
wow. it all went downhill so quickly.
i wouldn't exactly call it shit talking when i'm stating actual facts.
Anticipating #smwnyc event "Email and Social Media: The New Rules of Engagement" #social media # smwreuters
get ready for a short week!! come hang out for football and play texas hold em for free 7 and 10pm drinks and food specials all night
Thank you for rockin Madonna in between the other timeless rock from DJ Paul and KISS on the tv
I followed...will the others mentioned follow back?<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
yet another twitter newb:
Hope all is well!
Tell me about it
nah im just not interested in prom, but who knows i might, might not lol
Cheers and happy Wednesday to
is the one on the left the lg neon?
It'll be another night of Jack & coke
Is it strange to want to scramble my IP and start spamming the website that keeps spamming one of my sites?
Are you ready for January 29th? Tickets on sale soon.
Good pick Giants!!!
man just chillin love you know me
I want some panda shades :/.
The best work is made/done between the hours of 12AM - 6AM
You did great out there my prayers go out to you and your family!! Your mom is strong just like you!!
So happy right now!
like bad girls club?! Lol
I'm starting to have a different mind set.
Mujicians Debut Album "Feel Good Mugik: Full of Cliches and Replays" out August 9th! Everyone pick up at Itunes and leave a nice review ha.
That was my assumption. #itllallbeoversoon!
There should be a rule against hearse parking on the street, esp in cap hill.
lol I really wanna see them in concert
#tebow looked horrible on that first drive
Planes, Trains and Hoes
aye my nigga where you been??? It's been a minute since we talked!
Thanks for the shout out! Happy #FF to you !
oh what i miss your face dude
Hailey :: NO BODY LOVES ONLY YOU
maybe her fans should learn from that instead of being sore losers
Uh glad im no virgin!!!
I feel like I don't know you any more... It's scary how that happens.
RT : If your argument is "But it's my money!" you've already lost.
oh my god. This workout fitness infomercial is KILLING ME
count me in
I love the name of your blog! Wanderlust- one of the best words ever. And an impulse I am very familiar with...
I can't wait til' spring break next week. Since everyone had theirs 1-2 weeks ago.
i cannot wait to hear it!!
Best show yet. Thanks, everyone!
I wasn't sleeping, I was In a meditative state awaiting the return of my love... Ugh, never mind Naps are good!
Never settle for less than what you truly deserve.
... his Aunt I think. Remember when I got yelled at by mine? :( smh
Team K for life!
bad bridesmaid dress
Can't fuck wit Dat lean no more......
Mom just groped my butt and lamented on how she didn't have one
let me hear some of your work bro
please follow me i followed
Don't use distance as an excuse not to work out. Join a club close to home or office.
Oh We
watching psych re-runs
i'm a #GMIC newbie. looking forward to meeting everyone & being a good member. good to see so many friendly names on twitter!
So...Tommorow's Valentine's Day...but "more importantly" it is MY b-day! Huzzah!!!
I'm gonna start spamming my old EP to EDM podcasts, I need airplay!
Very, very cool idea. Thank you.
BA just tossed out the Oswalt name to replace Narveson if he's out for the year...wow yes please
Just saw Todd McFarlene. Was tempted to try and touch him
God is our everything
Why don't my taco kit got meat in it!?
Broadway has made my heart very sad today.
So is one of the new MTSer, right?
"dammit I'm mad" read it backwards
what were we doing exactly one year ago today? ;)
Met with so many people today..had to keep a notebook of everyone....
Walk it out... thats what im doing & enjoying this awesome weather! :)
Thanks Maria. It's a beautiful weekend! Abrazos!
So much food kmg Never eating again
Leading the charge in bringing health and wellness to a whole new level with Isotonix supplements. Drink your vitamins today
Its weekendd timee : ) no work party party .
haha. I'm pretty sure you conceded to the almighty swine earlier today, didn't you? tsk tsk
Yup, it's true! “: Don't tease me now -- can this really be true?”
I've been getting real into the Dallas Mavericks this season. What a great game tonight. Sorry San Antonio!
Yes it did. #SicEm RT : That #Xavier vs #Baylor Sweet 16 matchup just became a lot more likely.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
Doesn't sound like you procrastinate, impressive.
I'm crying, too. But my tears are because I'm forced to watch Grey's.
Imma Throw A Couple Thousand Baby Strip 4 This! Lol
And I know that it's so cliche to tell you that every day that I spend with you is the new best day of my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
oh no no no! Thanks for tagging along with me! And letting one tag along with you. ;-)
hahaha I gotcha(: lol did you party after dinner?
If you're wondering why the economic recovery is so slow. It's because of #GeorgeWBush yes he fucked it up that much.
hey that's super dope!
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM HIS DICK TAST JUST LIKE HIS DADDYS
They're earning the coverage. #GoHawks!
I don't like the off-season starting this early in the year!!!
Banananananaaaaaaa! Be sure to try our Seasonal Flavor: Banana!
- Lmaoo // You Right
Nothing gets that hot with out fire unless it's made by the devil ;)
Bebe got on train this AM w/ 4 kids & in 3 stops had warned one, "you betta sit down or I'ma act a fool on this train"
When i build up my feelings, they come out the wrong way. held so much in
Lightening struck my Comcast box so no tv. Gotta find somewhere to watch these games
I'm glad I got to spend some time with you today
President Obama at odds with Democrats, Democratic leadership on Social Security
Not even remotely true. RT : Oregon's Darron Thomas, entering NFL Draft, knew he was in for battle w Bryan Bennett this spring
no nba this year. so i guess we goin have to watch college basketball dis year
Tinablowninwang this is going to be an amazing episode of # glee for a show all about anti bullying they sure are mean ti everyone.
im going to take a long shot but is it ernest goes to jail
Prank calls are so annoying.
Your guy is getting the first impression rose!
Interested in receiving e-mail updates from the Artz Center on events and resources? Join our email list through Facebook!
so you wanna go bro?
I hope u guys kicked butt tonight. :)
HOT HAM
So a Duck got a penalty for a bear hug?
haha goodmorning to you too and its ok over here i really dont wanna be here id rather be in CA or Puerto rico or FL :)
I forget how cool my brother is can I be him one day
FYI Next week I become an Ordained Minister...Kinda Proud about al this
Filming for "The Thick Window" has wrapped up for my little girl :) Such a natural talent- I think I am ready to "share" her :)
I am following Diddy's advice...I am taking the time to be great.
Hollie finally SANG a Whitney song- you go girl! #idol Goodnight! See you at 4:30am!
Had a great time volunteering at 's pledge drive last week! Did anyone catch us on TV? Thanks for your calls and support!
#spsredmond enjoyed . session on vision web services
Any freelance UI/UX Designers out there looking for a project? I serve on the board of Crowden and we are exploring a re-design of the site…
How was school?
This is not helping my Kane memorabilia become more valuable.
We think smart planning can outsmart nature's extremes+poor driving+insufficient transportation opts+jacknifd truck on 695?
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
im ok with that.. hehehe
Our Success is coming. #Be thankful for what you have already #count your blessings
Our goal is for you, to be more you.
Good morning, I hope everyone has a great day :)
Nothing says Valentine's Day like our new Familiar Burger, an original idea. Beef patty, spec. sauce, lett, onion, pickle, cheese. Familiar?
I have and I'm hooked. So good! Looks like next weeks episode might be a bit scary!
LOVE, FORGIVENESS, ACCEPTANCE, TOLERANCE, COMPASSION, EMPATHY, WISDOM.....We wish for you to THRIVE with the sun always shining on your back
Haha! , hey you best give him social media 101... #PVPCVPbesties, right ?
yes all i do is jam to 's album up all night, no i dont get tired or bored of any of the songs!
Just seeing your name pop up pisses me off.
I did the same haha =)
my brand new car<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>right before I leave the country<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Im gonna turn her into a freak
bring it. I'm down to play whenever, just like I'm down to chill with you guys whenever. with and everyone ha
why is skin by rihanna stuck in my head right now..?
I'll take the yunt steak
Heading home from North Port/ working on a new song
Its February break for many schools and dance studios this week! Have a great week getting rejuvenated!!
Yes, I've noticed. But it is better than my translations.
Help me reach 2000 followers!
I don't have either. So no.
You know it was a good night when your car still reeks of nug.
you have City Folk on Wii? Wanna visit ScienceGirlEm's town?
Same to you; keep in touch
Did you get your tickets yet and ?
Hopefully, I can go get those games! It'll be a long ass walk though...
Ed! Are you in Indy yet?
In Mississippi 80° and beautiful
Good Night!! Sweet Dreams!!
YES my DREAM man is Swayne Wayne..unfortunately I have been told #COOLnerds are out of style
Hanging in the book signing area.
::still crying::
RT : prepping in hair and make up for the show tonight Shoutout to 4 displaying his art tonight
FOLLOWED YOU HUN:) TELL PPL CHECK ME OUT PLEASE
mek ordered the chinese without me smh.
massive follow back of everyone following me.
Guess I gotta look for mine ' ! ! !
Upper 50's tonight with decreasing clouds. Sunny and warmer tomorrow. Highs around 70. Gusty winds will be the only issue (10-15 mph)
Oct Wed 26 Four Sticks In My Crawdaddy!, Eyes Creem, The San Diego Doors $2
One more tweet and then back to work. Just saw hashtag #twitterbaters. Cracked me up!
I'm pretty sure my name is "Baby Girl" ;)
Need name brand salon products at an affordable price? New shipment just in, Give us a call, your hair and wallet will thank you!
God bless Mikey Burton!
lol I'm with it
Are you with me everyone. I SAID WE HAVE A WINNER!!!
I quit.
Lmfao I'm using that 1 for sure And no
I see you!
lets roll
Forever deleting girls on facebook who complain about how depressed they are and how nobody loves them.
"Think with your brain but live with your heart."
blowin up my tv screen!
“: Control what you can.”
as of recently, talk with you :) as well as listen to music and chill with my chinchilla who is also awake lol
In the July VA Advocate Missionaries Gordon & Teca Greathouse focus on helping the children w/the Shade & Fresh Water project in Brazil.
Madonna's got great eye makeup!
Random ass tweet lol RT We reduce everything to sets of Data.
Albuquerque- we shut off the K-LOVE network & we're talking just to you. Call and pledge this hour.
what are they?
Thanks for the mention !
I like this plan!
Running the Seasons 52 5.2k Race on Saturday? Stop by Track Shack (1104 N. Mills Ave) tomorrow, 5-7pm for packet pick up & a WINE TASTING!
The ugliest bull dagger be having the finest hoes. But before you got turned our u wouldn't fuck wit a ugly nigga
awesome dude! How ws your new years?
The Big Bang Entrepreneur by John Errigo is FREE until Feb 4, 2012. Regularly priced $5.99
Got the world askin howd you get here? Said i Lebroned it! left a broken Cavalier(chevy) filled with empy cigs 5 hours and cans a beer!
positive(; #most deff
man!! Please do!! Really want to y'all in
omg take me with you!
I'm really surprised that a snow day was called today.
if I fell asleep texting you its because I didn't want to say goodbye
#AppleStore support staff. I wish everyone loved their job this much.
Just found out I won the OVATION award for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR in a touring show as Young Simba in The Lion King.
OH: "I look like the victim of some freak burn injury" -- "Nah, I'd say guest corpse on SVU."
RT Is source code a physical object? Not according to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals. So, uh, thieve away.
true. but on top of all this... no one ACTUALLY likes the mac app store
thank you guys,we had nice time
not yet; I'm giving it some thought. Knowing my luck lately, I'll manage to throw a typo in there despite all the forethought.
No way Obama wins NC, FL, IN, VA again; brings him down to 299 elec votes, only a cushion of 29. He can't lose both OH & PA.
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head believing that he won't pull the trigger.
Ugly shooting display, and tick-tack fouls thus far to begin 2nd half. #Stanford leads #UMass 38-35 with 15:50 to play in #NIT Semis
Every time score a TD at home, makes a contribution to proudly supports us, too.
that would be nice but rushing thru it probably didn't help. :(
horny for hotpockets
You called it 'impossible'. You are the one who gave it its name. And now you're complaining because it is impossible.....Just a thought
Syracuse is done!!
i have those.
#stillliferaleigh #stilllifeflarefridays RT if you're coming! Doors are open. See you soon!
4am and driving to the airport.... Back to NYC!
TY for the RT! Please fill me in on how your biz is doing -
#Kony fizzled. (Sounds like a line from Snoop Dogg)
A1: Total yes! Even catering can be locally-sourced and environmentally friendly!
"Happy-ness Hour" Ear #Acupuncture Fridays 4-6pm @ Potrero Community Acupuncture 1796 18th Suite B Drop in, relax & be ready for the weekend
That's a whole lotta
#Occupyburque cops are taking positions south and east of Yale park
Since I started watching Law & Order in bed on my ipad, I find I don't read as much.
I love my friends.
look at you. You think you're funny when in reality you're probs a 45 year old pedo lawl
RIP #WhitneyHouston ;( bye
Thanks! I could use an actual one, one day as well. I have been so lonely lately and so confused. Not in a bad mood just blah
Wait a minute, did Chris Tanaka leave? They replaced his talent shot with a clip of a newsvan on Speer...
how did the art show/signing turn out?
She like my style but I talk to fast ..
Oh no! Lol! I'm sure it'll end up great. If not you can always mail it to me before tossing it in the bin & we could collab! :)
#p lalah hathaway naked truth, love her music
That's great! Congratulations!
Sending you positive vibes. Good luck at your defense!
I'm deleting this..my personal is (: even though nobody cares
I want you to make love, not war. --- John Lennon
I'd rather have real enemies, than fake friends.
She may be smarter but we're more decidated.
Happiest and healthiest of New Years to all tweets! Tweet you all next year! Can't wait!
No, your fine love . You have nothing to be sorry about
FYI i do lovee Niall i findd him adorable and i am not a fake directioner <33333333
#liber2011 To obtain EU $$$, generally necessary to over-sell one's project plan. APARSEN currently biting off small bits of the problem.
's Wordpress integration is lacking. In past, done strange things like paste in Word then to Wordpress
I want my princeton . That's my xmas gift to me."
Thanks for following. Going to be in Vegas in april
We have DJ HAM and DJ Denver together for MARDI Gras 2.21.12 at
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Bitches be completely hydrated at Alpha & Sigma probates...Not a single sighting of thirst
Between you two and , the kids of Newark are in for some major treats (to read and eat)!
Join us tonight for the Dallas County Democratic Party's filing night event -- 6:30pm at House of Blues at 2200 N Lamar in Dallas!
I love things about her, but I don't love her!
Why do all really old people wear pants like 6 sizes too big. Dude is dressing like MC Hammer up in Pontillo's.
Are there any kinds of movies that you and your significant other just can't watch together? Why?
Just working..:)
This type of diet emphasizes low-fat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, low-fat dairy products and beans
Will someone please remove this wall from in front of my head?
what's up with you? :))
Ery Now and then ya gotta to kill a bitch to get some respect!!! Hahahahaha!! Well done Barack!! Boy always said dat nigga was in Pakistan
Im trying to get better. I havent been to school since last week, I have pink eye & a cold. D: Hope your having a GRAND day.<U+2665>
Make sure to come to The Garage early tonight and hang out and catch all the bands!
": Half the time I'm thinking...'I don't even need this class to graduate.'" The other half? "Discrete math is so great!"
RT So full of artless jealousy is guilt
no probz boo boo ;)
TY for the follow..following you too...
I want someone to write me a song. That would be so cute!
Heading to the labor temple soon. Good day for a rally
There are days when things go wrong. Computer won't connect, name badges stuck in customs (too many safety pins?), speaker cancels.
Thanks for the follow you fantastic folks you!
RIP Dick Clark
Hey Barney..... All the stormtroopers were guys.
We packed in all the necessary ingredients from nature in our Organic Skin Care, check us out!
go to sleep
And now back to the neighborhood water wars and the one-million-gallon-per-day capacity of the Smedley compound steam pumps.
Nah man I can't, sadly. You?
#noidata - Enhanced Voter file Part 2: Household IDs, geocoded, ethnicity, race, gender, accurate phone #, consumer behavior (creepy), email
Candy making, pizza, red wine, Glee, a sweet lil boy & a funny lil short/long puppy. The recipe for a good night. :)
At Legacy Health Literacy Conference: Making it Clear. Limited ability to interact with the health care system makes it hard to be healthy.
Pastors sell hope to those willing to buy it. No reason you you should charge for a religion
are you guys redesigning or having issues?
i change my username to Sames {Selena G. & James M.} my new favorite bromance..right before Kames! :)
do u think u could say "Happy Mothers Day Mindy" for me? thats my moms name and it would be the ultimate present for her <3 u
I know, don't worry.
Where's he been?
do u know Schwarz? He loves Jewel above most things
You are ignorant white-trash.
bad cause my teacher doesn't teach
Cooke Aquaculture Invests in Wireless Expense Management Technology with Telemanager
Frustrated & confused... not a good combination.
haha I took it.
Thank you Tessa
Russian Circles is my new Get Shit Done music, thanks to and
sufficiently napped after the 5K and with a fresh espresso. Bring on the words!
for real :(
You just blinded me with science.
Heading to for lookaround and processing plans #archives"
Haha, I know. My life will be over.
“: Congrats to my franes & :')”quiet over there (:
I took a tour of the entire rust belt today
Kasino redd is in the house
Our A/C picked the worst week to quit working.
Somebody somewhere looking for a job! Be thankful! RT At work. :(
LMFAOOOO, I LOVE THIS LUIS KID NAOOO. MELISSA THO, I WORRY ABOUT HER.....
I still get a big smile when any track from "Sha Sha" comes up on my playlist.
Play some D now Sixers
we sounded the horn anyway, for the fun of it ;-)
buying football and soccer gear!
I second the #beer comment. Of course, that's why I include it in my bio. :)
you caught me!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 97
"A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform." ~ Diane Mariechild
“: I realized why Hellen Keller couldn't drive. She's a woman.” << oh shit
Thanks for all the support and retweets! We heart you all big time!! See you next month! XO
When your a black women and you get hit on by different nationalities and not just your own race it's a great thing; you have options
np :] have a nice day!
how often do you play racquetball? let us know if you need any tips or advice.
If Only They Knew - That Song Made Me So Effin Happy... I Love Him A Little More Every Time I Listen To It(: <3
Thanks for spreading the word! Did you get a chance to vote?
Its funny how we use to be cool friends...but then something change because we became total strangers.
Probably a little fresher than Joel Chandler Harris Ass.
Thanks so much for including "The Science of Senior Men (Dating Site) Profiles" in The Daily WOAman.
interesting! thanks.
asking myself the same questions...
sweet sixteen with mir
feels like we are the only ones!
lol. Tomorrow morning around 11am. You call me.
it means you good.
Awesome, thanks!
I realized today I've never met a full blooded Native American. I think I will add that to my life goals.
Um nothing much lol .
Thanks for RTs! gardener
we did it right
Thanks for the follow Glad y'all are on Twitter now!
I wonder how I get myself into situations like this :/
you too?
Thank you for checking in via Foursquare! Great to hear you enjoyed the food.
hahaha, love this!
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed harassing via twitter
I hope your going down that slide a few times Friday...
TY! Like it! Stronger each time you get back up!
I hate that! its the worst. now that's a true awkward moment! :p
VERY pretty! Enjoy your trip.
The big t.v works again:)
Rest in Peace Jr. Seau. Sad day in San Diego. :(
nope never been to Oregon. Fyi folks down here in Austin def hold your state in high regard
Going to the carnival tomorrow trying to find someone to go with me
Hi I have no phone right now!
my unborn makes me so happy going to the doctor yesterday seeing Morgan gave me joy Wen others tried to take it away love u Morgan
twelth? Also, will I ever see you again, my long lost jordan?
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
Project juggling
Russell Wilson joins Matt Flynn with the Seattle Seahawks. Happy for him. Great guy.
All the crazies came to my 'berry. :(
so doesn't seem to align with Leo Strauss's work on philosophy. The typerwriter paper makes me think it was by someone at WM. (cont.)
why am I not photographing for you?
I have an library of over $20,000 in music etc. BUT I will BUY NO MORE until they fix customer service
No problem my friend...was wondering about that :-). Hope all is well!
#3WordsForYou kiss me now
Yes. Still be some left Saturday morning? RT : New on cask is a Firkin of Wynona's Big Brown...
my hair stylist just said the higher the hair the closer to god.. omj i love her
you're getting your workout on as I snooze 5 times lol
Why do guys wear belts and sag their pants at the same time?? This truly puzzles me.
Money Saving Tip #37: Rent out unused space in your home.
Just had a paraffin hand soak...pretty awesome.
Thanks for the FF !
hm you'll have to call in for that one... say you're from twitter ... (312) 863-7678 ask for Nick!!
I could probably do 15 about 225 times.
Niggas now-a-days piss me off t-__-
You've gotta be kidding me, Arsenal. What. The. Fuck.
You're stupid. Probably because you're a boy.
RT I need to see if Rope-Lite is strong enough for a noose. I want the people who find my body to fully enjoy the fog mach...
RT You ever felt like you were meant to be with someone ? : its sad but , I havent!!
Mom just told me that when he showed Grandpa a picture of me, he referred to me as "Great an Big"
A baby is something you carry inside you for nine months, in your arms for three years and in your heart till the day you die.
so mad im not at school today #sickandtired of being
:O omg hi i was wondering what happened to you:O
oh and happy late birthday for you too! Sorry skyla!
And to stop blaming referees when his Madrid side ain't winning.
That was a DONE DEAL.....MOVING ON & LETTING GO!!
S/o to all our new followers Join #TeamUET and check out our new music!!!!
On my way to gettin my haircut going to cut it like Frankie Sandford SO excited ! :)
ummmh haha hes alright i guess, lots of stuff going on. He comes home the 24th late at night!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT. 8pm. 609 E. Washington. This is a massive achievement for Atlas and Madison's arts community. Come celebrate with us.
I'm finally heading back to La La Land from San Fran!
you're welcome G
You can't believe a rumor!If you think something is true about me and it really isn't,don't you think you should ask before assuming it? O_o
Send us a link to the article when you have it written!
Axelrod actually admitted that the Obama policies are meant to keep anyone from climbing the ladder of success as in getting wealthy
so many classes I want to take, so little time
AESAONE (All Ethiopian Sports Association ONE)would like to welcome all to the Annual AESAONE tournament in Washington,DC!July 1st-July 7th!
Mitch McConnell is a remarkably contained and focused model of pure calculation.
well that makes sense haha! Thanks love!
I should have told you what you meant to me, cause now I pay the price
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Wow. Just Wow.
I'm sweeter than a Rice Cake<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Obligatory post to keep things shakin'. Been dealing with trademark issues and the wonders of the legal world. Fascinatingly depressing.
": "In the end these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?" - Buddha"
When my teacher makes death threats >
You mean to tell me, all I need is a $1 and I'm in at #Figure8 ??? #saynomo I'M THERE!!!! w/
Enjoyed catching up with about her new role and where Twitter is looking to evolve. Lots of opportunities 4 brands/agencies.
Dan blank at #dbw12 leading to lots of good questions about how my museum should track what audience wants with dig pubs.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein
Anybody want to text me? I'm kinda bored. -.-
are you a basketball player?
Are you leaving again, Berni? What's the next chapter hold for you?
SXSW bummer of the day: Was going to see the Low Anthem, but just discovered they're opening for Bruce and I didn't win a ticket. :'(
I’d like to introduce my co-host for tonight’s Tweetchat. Everyone say hello to Megan Zimmerman of Xorbix Technologies
how's that Football recruiting room coming along?
Johnny V delivers a $44 winner in Belmont's 5th race. Another carryover perhaps??
Second day #io2011, what s?urprises r in store?
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I sobered up
Taking another sabbatical – Coffee Sabbatical this one swings up and down the west coast Border to Border! Great Coffee
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
I love Wednesdays. Analytics all day long, numbers & spreadsheets = happiness
This might be a new course or class they can add at IGHR Samford?
DBacks seem like the mega underdog this year. I'm thinking it goes to Philly, but I'm rooting for the Yanks.
What's up with the new at-bat song? lol
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ...ME TURNS INTO WE
I own a suit. That means I can be a CEO!
S/O to our new followers We appreciate all your support
soccer practice tonight. don't think there will be any running cuz we won the tournament
Got a short film in at Phoenix comic con!! Woot!!
I occasionally wonder if my mom really thought I wouldn't be gaming at this point in my life or just really hoped I wouldn't be.
I sure hope it rains tomorrow. Like buckets and buckets of wet stuff.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the follows and
Too bad Routledge books are always so damn expensive!
at least your sister goes to college.. Laura will be living at home forever
Just say the #Sparkle trailer. Imma go see it w/
very capable, pivotal exposure.
I'm glad you liked it, in spite of non-periodicity :)
When practicing crow,remember how important it is to lift through your belly button. You will feel lighter and more able to sustain balance.
You can follow #uwsocial to hear about 's presentation
howre u? :p
Starting to get a scratchy throat. I hope I don't have a New Year's cold...
u think im yello i thought i was red
They'd have to supply Doritos at the aid stations a few miles down the road then.
And I realize that tweet just lowered the level of this conversation about 20 leagues.
Can you pleasee follow me??? I love you Deezy (:
Jacquelline Fuller nailed it with her insights & advice. #ideation12 #innovation #nonprofit #tech #womenleadership YESYESYES
that's migh "TEA" fine... Haha
Finally done packing and cleaning. Hesus Christo.
walks out Dad: is that.. Justin. what's wrong with him? Me: LEAVE HIM ALONE. HES PERFECT!
So........we aren't having dinner Friday? Bummer :-p
Thanks for the RTs!
Virginia has had 3 capital cities: Jamestown, Williamsburg, and Richmond.
9 hr car ride with my mom & grandparents
PBS online will have it, and most local stations will do a replay sometime @ 12:30 am.... depending on time zone.
thanks. Btw, dig the new design, look of the CMS - only took a few minutes to reprogram muscle memory.
not at work yet...I'd call...not sure what KU has reserved
I'm feeling trippy
release of new site & collection is looking like december ! working on the art work & clothing ! manufacturer's loved our new sketches !
They need a real wake up call. Bynum has run the whole gamut with me. From holy ish he's Dominant & better than DH to c'mon son
haha that is true but you gotta start somewhere ... Right?
Best Arthur episode is on! Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card/Jekyll Hyde
Modern real-time DR 2.0 requires one basic thing: distributed stream analytics from local AMRs to MDM Cloud for faster DR KPI calculations
I fixed a physical thing. This is weird.
Anyways....Hi:)
Omg my mom has more game then me! She just got two love letters in the mail from two different people.
Collared shirt with the sleeves cut off....and it was originally made like that?????
Looking forward to ASTD South Florida Chapter's "Trainer's Happy Hour" Friday (8/19/11, 5:30 pm) in Fort Lauderdale;
i just saw little brother at 7 eleven (; lol
What we have given, we receive in equal measure...and more.
Wow, there is clearly something terribly wrong with you.
100% positive? cause i my friend bought 1D tickets once & they were fake -.-
I love when stuff blows up in Chem
been working on an academic resources page for Demetria Martinez's website. Almost finished!
We had the lentils left overs for Valentine dinner. Couple sausages left. How romantic !
I love playing WOW with my son. Especially since the weather here is bad right now.
Students, don’t be afraid of failure and making mistakes. That is how we learn.
RT : Oklahoma State debuts new uniforms tomorrow, will supposedly make them the "Oregon of the midwest."
Just got my for Spring Awakening! You always make my day better , especially after a 15 hour work day!
Someone looking at me probably thinks I'm weird for smiling for no reason, but really, I'm smiling because I had a flashback of us
This was my first time having some. Quite tasty.
likewise! Good luck with the transition to Milwaukee!
“We are like a band of brothers. I know everything about the boys and they know everything about me and we just have a good laugh” —Liam
pandora right now <3
#moverslongisland doing a move right now. will be there for you tomorrow! cheers everyone, thank you for the calls and support!
So we won't be posting any studio update videos. Sorry. Suck it ya nerds!
yeah, that's what I meant by hoping it works out eventually
What do you typically do to help get auditions for a client that you believe in?
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - George Patton
Nice when you can run to VF Outlet at lunch and get a great deal and eat stuff. Handy stuff on The Corridor.
i'm so sad! I'll be visiting though don't worry! :)
Sitting in soundcheck for the Dove Awards
I am the queen of April Fool's Day . . . already plotting for my first victims! Whahahahaha!
Is it sad that I woke up at 6am to watch my dvr'd #RHNJ reunion?
Pizza of the Week - Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza! Ketchup & Mustard Base, Cheddar Cheese, Ground Beef, Tomatoes, Pickles, Onions, & Bacon!
Thanks for your delightful Pinterest boards. :)
HE AINT THAT SPECIAL IM JUST SAYIN
I'm also a fan of this new Twitter app. I may start tweeting a bit more now.
Ballin With The Boys Charity/Celeb BBall gm May 31 RL Turner HS n Carrollton #Cowboys Legends v #Cowboys new sch stars more info->
shower bound. then scrubs, work, and a possible fourth cup of coffee. yumm.
We are NOW on Twitter! Stay tuned for all the great things happening this fall!
I was offered the lead in the series but Christian Bale begged me not to take it.
Congrats to Tyson Chandler. Defensive Player of the Year!
leaving work....
and now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
Glad to hear you enjoyed it. Thanks for the shoutout!
No longer a spring chicken. Can't party hop like I used to in my MIT days. Time for bed so I can go to my 9:30 panel tomorrow
Huge Congrats to for winning NBT! It was a pleasure working on your first video, you have a long career in front of you!!
do you wanna pay 400 dollars a ticket? My mom sure as hell won't.
Watching "Vantage Point", a political action-thriller according to the DVD notes. hmm... we'll see.
Also, I hope that lives up to the hype tonight.
Damn, looks like I will be going to work on Monday after all.
The Nuggets turn this into a game so Sterns band of misfit refs have to step in and make sure the Lakers don't blow it
Once this chik-fil-a digests....I'll have one less SH** to give...ha!
Cop jokes AREN'T FUNNY. So give it arrest .
isn't it from "dude where's my car" ?
Finally promised and delivered. Now let's see how the HC bill turns out. I am not sold yet, but great achievement none the less. No Cons sad
It was a pleasure to attend The Society of The Friendly Sons of St. Patrick Easter Monday Commemoration.
...we are the canon the kabal the win the loss the draw the compatriot and the outlaw we are revolutionary street vendors somos somos somos.
text me :P
thanks girl!
": Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you gotta know what falling down is like."
My Sister Lookedd Pretty af For Prom ;) This Was Thee Only Timee I Claimed her as My Older Sis lmao '
We are live on with and RECORD BREAKING HEAT!!!
with -- M, this raspberry hot chocolate is delish!
girl do not start with me “: you're plugs aren't cute af \(^_^)/”
Anybody need a ride for this damn picnic ? lol
actually he tweeted me back the other night there!
heyy I'm gonna butt in on ur convo
This is really March madness.
I never have to open my COM102 textbook again. Final = complete. I can't believe that was a required class. Just a waste of time + money.
I wouldn't mind so much if the services worked. My email alone has went out once every few days for months.
Thank you to Charles Schwab & Co....we fed 775 folks this week for their employee apprecition day!
Boy what have you done to me to make me feel this way about you <3
Things I with would add: @ functionality (not sure what happened to that) and private boards.
The deficit in California has risen to a sky high $16 billion. RECALL Governor Jerry Brown and his Democrat Legislature!!!
A reminder not to be risk-averse comes up at #PRSAHoosier board retreat. Be willing to #fail. How many of your goal start with that?
no you need a RT : I need a new otter box
Tested a videoconference connection from Atl to Pakistan for School of Public Health class. Audio and video were clear.
Do you sell personalized etched wine bottles? We can ship your wine with a great decoration to your customers in 2-3 days
Sub in first period ^.^
": Ladies:: Finding Mr right is like finding good shoes! The 2 gotta match & they MUST FIT! #MANOLOGY"
Taco time. All you can eat for $4.50. Come see me
Let's just call him what he is, a food rapist.
"I hope that we are not just here to talk about XML. I hope that we will talk about GIS, databases, R, and other things."
Thanks for the nice link on your BLN post Anerio!
Was that article from 5 years ago?
SOLIDARITY, AFRICAN AMERICAN MEN "BROTHER" FIREMAN "BROTHERHOOD" ARMED FORCES "BROTHERS IN ARMS"
i really like my timeline this time of night/day...junk-free.
lol you didn't make that gummy bear orgy!? hahaha
Goal is permanent supportive housing. Interview with Visit www.HousingMattersSD.org
thanks! is an awesome model
Watching #Caps in tv, They just played Pantera at Verizon Centerl
Finally getting in the in-laws house in W Newburyport, MA after a LONG day of traveling!
Perfect. I was doing it all wrong.
Rollin thru Zurich checkin out on a joint called "Rat Race"...sick!!
Car commercial: "Call it sexy. Call it unique. Just don't call it expected." My sister: "Expected. OH. Suck that bitches!" I love her.<U+E328>
RT“: The big homie , co-founder of & super trill OG has just made a Twitter. Follow that man.”
Ouch, dude. Ouch.
are you working on a new song? (:
didn't really get any good shots of him as Chris was in front of him from my side. darn.....
: LOVE seeing you really push to support the artists you enjoy Matt! Thank you so much for doing all that you do for all of u ...
#ff for #indie #mp3's, #electronic #music, #dance, #electro-#pop #songs, #drum & #bass,
Positivity is the bridge that connects you to positive results
When I hear Journey playing from a coworkers speakers I always think, "Is it time to go home already? Am I getting kicked out?"
Life's a bitch. Get over it. I'm a bitch. Cry over it.
Harmonica solo bre
AMEN! Love it!
The are going to bring it in the next round, hope the Miami Milds are ready
congrats on that sick beard & mohawk, oh and that 6th man award too
We gotta get on together sometime soon! (And play Mario Kart on the Wii again...that was SO fun! Lol)
roger. Hmu in like an hr
Too many cute Spring things at #Georgetown plus 65 degree weather... Makes me wish it really was May.
Oh no! Man can I relate. I made a lovely grilled chicken salad and then had 1/2 a red velvet cupcake for dessert
im so into to you....long time no listen to that song
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure. ~ H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Danny Phantom is really hot. That's why I always drew him making out with Sonic the Hedgehog in 5th grade.
#BeatSTL tonight for the #SFGiants!! GET SOME
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead You have 2 pairs of the EXACT same shoe. But in different colors.
Tuscaloosa on Friday, this needs to be a fast week.
Plan your menu choice ahead of time with the TT Build a Meal. Planning ahead, less calories, better choices.
what up playa when u comin to Boston,ma
Ouch. today is a day of revenge.
one can only dream...
Thank you, #aea, for having clearly labeled #vegetarian food at lunch. Most appreciated!
Wash Yo Hands!!!!
I love taylor swift
Fact: Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints. Can you imagine tongue prints in important documents?
Away from the ignoring 7th grade teacher Ah hate school can't wait to finish it !!!!!!!!!
We're like holding hands and I'm just moving away and it's hilarious hahahahaha
Well, that was a hell of a show! Congrats on an amazing finale night... and the band killed! ...Literally. I'm dead now.
So excited to see you guys on Twitter!
very cool! Hope you have a great time!
I like Ed Hardy snap backs though.
That will affect every portal where I'm using DDRMenu, right?
Looking forward to welcoming them. So glad you are putting your skills to use.
Or if my friend Ty wrote it, it would be called, "Ty Tells Titles." Sadly, I don't have a friend who goes by Ty...yet...
Sea --> Santa Barbara
Happy Earth Day to all!
4 people taken to the hospital.
decaf just isn't the same.
I love just chillin and listening to music in egly :D
Guess What¿ I just ed your numbers and you fucking lost hard cocksmoke. Soree.
Kevin Garnett is BALLING since they moved him to Center.
i bet i kno how 2 piss u off
Get all 7 picks for only $10 now today only! Email for details! 4-1 on MLB last night, all 7 plays today are MLB!
wandered the streets of Berkeley at 5am
lmao I'm already outta school
well yeah....hahaha totally kidding!
Watching Mad Men with Viggle Sun | 7PM | AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the musical icon and jewels are on da road...safe travels...and keep sparkling!!!
is awesum too ;) ppl who follow mee should follow herr too :D #partyrockers <-- :D
GREAT advice!
common rushers lets keep voting! they boys deserve it! they need to win this!
I got your back He is long gone now!
": God is good! Real good! So good that I can't start to tell you everything!" <-made me wanna shout. He is all that & more!
Roses are red; Violets are blue; nothing in this crazy world could keep me from loving you!
so , just got in from an amazing night , and now I need help ! should I play COD or just dance 3 ? (need advice!) <U+E056>
Hitting the links with my old man!
I just woke up to a charley horse & I feel like I'm dying
Come to ny and I'll be your personal guide I would be honored and would be cool to meet you
you're tellin' me i can just MAKE money right from my PC???!?!?!
#1940census indexing at Ancestry - what is the method to pick states - how are they announced?
PUERTO RICO TOMORROW.
oh noes! If you happen to get into sfo around 9 pm happy to give you a ride :)
Talked with some awesome people! and decided on a songs fro this summer. Booking now email , Rebecca Mabson
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you.
10 yrs ago tonight -Tuck (Fumble) Rule Snow Bowl: Pats stole game from #Raiders in OT! Last game @ old Foxboro. #Boston Worst
Has anyone taken the AIRS Certified Social Sourcing Recruiter course? Search Lab2010? I am investigating CSSR and CIR certification and A…
Singing to the radio. Good that nobody else is around.
Life is an experience to love never take for granted what you have no power over.
Could u talk to Victoria for me and tell her igot a song that i wrote and its copywrighted its really nice and she sing plz!
To all my PR friends in the gaming biz: I am updating my contact list. PM, email or IM me so I can get your info and give you my new details
12th & Porter hosted a great show last night by yet another talented Marine, Stephen Cochrane... nice job!
Thank You Dear:)
well done.
Ppl posting about every lil thing about their life. (n)
ridin a dirt bike for the first time ever>>>>
. come prepared!! Nothing says amateur like someone who stumbles through their lines during a table read.
should I be conserned about Jones-drew being limited with his injury history or put in felix jones?
good morning world :)
Im so tired of him getting involved in my fucking life BACK UP! You are irrelevant shit.
agreed this weather sucks and i want snow, snow, and more snow!
I cant. I have trust issues.
pumpkin, peanut butter pancakes... delish
My phone wanted to autocorrect "campus minister" to "campus monster." I think that's pretty accurate.
she followed you?? REALLY? I'm so JELLY!!!!!!!
Workin at freed motion
To all of you who want to see my foreskin just ask because i have videos. ;)) i dip em in chocolate idk exfoliates dat shit.
Just noticed Reborn is ranking low, along with Kuroko's Basketball, ouch.
Me: "Where do morels grow?" : "In the woods."
You continually call me horrible names, rally for others to do the same. ()
Interesting. To a U Press, lib. pushing for OA can feel like an attack; characterizing their work as 'withholding.'
what do you mean *going* to form? mwah ha ha ha.
Extremely foggy tonight. Kind of creepy.
The round orange and tortoise shell ones!
the question is...why are u still up, dr hue?
Up getting ready for work watching itsjudyslife! it just so funny and relatable....probably why I watch every morning!!! :)
what up homie
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down. ~Allen H. Neuharth
thought you disappeared into the abyss and that i'd only hear far away stories. hope all is well with you and your family :D
You would. Only you. At least you'd get pictures of it.
Yes! We have a location in #fellspoint and in #savagemd. Thanks for the welcoming!
The world three days Yesterday we lived and will not return Today we live and will not last tomorrow We do not know where we will be
T-Plush comes through again!
It hurts to eat.
49 minutes left.....
going to the Aveda store then I'm free
its my fault doe, he thought i was working </3
Congrats to all for finishing finals! Excited for all applicants who have/will receive ED acceptance letters!
Hope St Peter likes watching Casablanca.
I didn't get tickets:((I am crying now
Davinci is expanding its network all over the east coast! Need a virtual office in #NewYork #NewJersey #DC #Boston etc check us out!
hahaha Hm if you get lucky! :)
UNCLE CARMINE! LOL.
is anyone honestly under the impression that this past weekend was a first for faked injuries in the #NFL??
Haha #withnewt people think they are "fighting the system" by supporting Gingrich!! Hilarious
Don't let it get to you. Be yourself and don't worry about what others think of you.
16 hit or stay ?
to see him. And lunch next week? Definitely.
Give me your digits and I'll sext it sext!
no problem :-)
Bellevue, WA? Anaheim, CA? It's a small world after all. Thanks for the shoutout.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Going to pick up the Birthday from school!!! Woo hoo, hope her Bday at school rocked! 6yr old today!!!!
is beautiful <33
How do I feel about lingerie? Fuck it, your clothes come off anyway.
Thanks for the support !
story of my life... but don't you start feeling like you really do know them after a while?!?! Oh, my.
Klay Thompson is the new and improved Brandon Roy.
Phone isn't receiving texts for some reason.. if you need to get a hold of me, call me.
Beautiful drive cross town for a meeting. Great way to start the day!
Starting media conference office. and are streaming live!
I still freak a bit when people recognize me by my handle and not my real name.
Welcome to new #UPA2012 exhibitor:
Talk bout Rainin , it's a muthafucka tropical storm outside
somethings wrong with miami???
So I'm reading my first physical book since getting a Kindle and uh... I miss the Kindle. That's a surprise.
Looking to be a grand day in #PDX come check us out if you have yet 2, we are trying to spread all the happiness we can!
by where mikes place used to be. Lmfao.
When you get the hang of this, before you know it you will KNOW you are the creator.
OMG. ICONIACZ FTW is trending. How'd this happen?! LOL.
I hate when the NJYG looks like she doesn't even like Cody while he's singing to her....
has gone ape shit on the music! 50 new musical MONSTERS have been added 2 his arsenal for 2nights event BE there!
A survey says that walking fast at the office makes you look very important.
It immediately exhausted me. And it wasn't worth the effort. People...ugh.
UGH...REALLY-U R SUCH A LOSER!!!!
That's Not Always The Case At All, Sure It's Been Hard, But I Want All The Qualifications I Can Get, To Give My Son & Good Life..
That flattering moment when you're on someones
shout out and a follow :D
Thanks for the props !
That's right $69/month with a free week thrown in there to get you started. That's beats almost all of these other cats who charge $25/day
regional event in #Detroit with about 300 company leaders tonight. So excited to be involved with this health movement.
As are we! #InnovationSummit MT : so excited about coming next week & their recent financing success!
& I haven't even gotten the chance to ride with you & listen to your music all the way turned up in it yet.
#DROPS RT : Hows this for some - I just vowed to never buy again. 3 months still no phone returned
I'm on my phone I couldn't!
Men! They just want one thing! Where are the decent respectable guys?
Yep. I found you through the #studentteaching hashtag. Hope that isn't creepy : ) What's your subject area?
Depends how cranky you are about it. You can feel free to email the Dean and let her know. I'm willing to answer ?s as I can.
Go Nuggets :))
Also joining us on air right now is
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week! Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Foursquare or Yelp apps!
Has Jagr made up his mind yet?
The end of an era. I think I will always regret never having seen a live shuttle launch, especially a night launch.
When Josh is hurt, I want to feel that pain. I don't want him to feel alone.
FREE! TONIGHT :00pm Williams Jones College Prepatory School, IL Frank L. Menzies, Director
And when I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to myself. John 12:32,
Thank you YCS. I think I have found someone with my corporation where I live who is wiling to help me to build a website. Thx tho.
I'm sure you would ;)
Happiness is a bowl of cherries and a book of poetry under a shade tree. ~Terri Guillemets
needs to go to work. Connect. Engage. I want to vote for you but I need to know you care about... anything.
Duly noted!
will video with captivate be recorded.. I'll be at adobe days on campus all day :)
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime
probably not
RT: Disrespect is the ugliest thing somebody can do to another person.
Practice I just hope for the best
Nothing like coming into the office and being greeted with a bagel bar and bacon platter. Thx
Night y'all :D xx
Hi Niall how are you ? :D
I'm going with and of course were camping. Wanna join us?
how about bzzzzsssszzz (:
i saw a chick drown when i was 6?
So I seem to have this issue with the ability to focus this morning at work like I got ADHD or something today. O_o
come on.. u know it won't be close lol
hey Phil! I like your face, will you marry me????
Wow, you really traveled in time to RT that one!
what it is my nigga!
#np drunk on you - luke Bryan
i wana go to sleep like right now because i am like so sleepy but den again i dont wont to cuz imma be up at like 2:00 in the mornin.
I got good pussy that's why he don't leave
I am spamming your timeline? Oh I'm sorry :( But I'm helping my own fanbase to trend something for our idol.
awesome! can't wait to see it!
Soccer Tonight. ATL this weekend for NASA tournament. I pray we can win some games
lol. I can't keep doing that.
Sometimes virtual environment are BETTER than physical classroom,
walking to work in the rain...
Steal ya whole style that's a Sound Bite!! SMH!!
Twitter Special! Buy one get one free on all loose leaf teas. Today only! Please retweet :)
Will you make my night and tweet me something sweet? It would mean the world to me<3
I think there is a lot more to this. simple or strange Will we ever know? R these soldiers on a mission to get out of there
excellent, thanks for passing this along. Are you going to check out the events?
ya I do love her picture too
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
“there’s not a problem that exists in the state of California that hasn’t been solved by someone somewhere else.”
Five of the best travel deals - The Australian
For centuries Brits have moaned about the rain. What will they have to complain about if the drought continues? Too much sun?
I vowed to stay off Facebook during finals, so I'm on Twitter. Officially allocating wasted time. Hit rock bottom.
the VMA"s amzing justin i loved when yue a slena kissed it was so adorable and no one wouldnt be here if it wasnt for god
...tweet to yall about new videos and what all is going on and stuff. So on this one I will b able to connect with fans more!
Smithsonian + thirst. Just pure awesomeness. Just the beginning folks. More fun nerdy surprises await.
Monsters coming back on to the ice for the third period.
whats the link for the cook up
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
Very good - Thaibodia restaurant on El Camino Real in San Carlos, CA.
Remember to consume enough fruits and veggies, they are nutrient dense and low calorie foods!
Sore from last nights hill run but was able to run a slow 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails.
Good Morning!!!
Easter was wonderful... I'm thankful to have friends & family who cook better than I do!
See, now you're commenting on a community (the conservative) one you're ignorant of. The TPers have been screaming bloody murder--
Does that count as a swaggy ?
yes i agree but its a little weird to wish someone a god day
Wow, is live tweeting the sinking of the #Titanic...kinda morbid but pretty cool!
respect for that king!
will do
Kindle Fire: Good...
Order sent to Michelle in VA!
As if the commercial weren't good enough, it had Kobe, the Stones, & is on during Walking Dead. Black Ops = best game ad ever
Has anyone mentioned how much pressure this puts on Andrew Luck.
Luv Ken Lopez wkly sale but oh so dangerous. 2day, author-signed ARC "Nothing to Declare." But I'm a happy book collector.
Lol. Yes I am.
did you bring snacks like I told you?
Today I am wearing a skirt that I made on Sunday. It's made me excited to see what else I can create.
dibs TULSA
Just watched #ufc140 again !! sick fights..KNOCKOUTS, SUBMISSIONS<--broken arms, broken ribs! gotta love the
Don Cornelius (Soul Train) was pronounced dead today. Indications are that this was an apparent suicide. Pray for him and his family.
hockey game tonight :)
A grand total of 16 M & Ms in the "fun size" package. How is that fun?
Davis is nasty
Car won't start... I'm either gonna be late for school or not even go today
I'll have to explore...except I really just want the classic view back!
RECALL from STATE to STATE. NO DEMOCRACY! You mean to tell me the REPUBLICANS are trying to RECLAIM and RECALL the LIVES of MIX RACES.
I'm so envious of everyone who has finished all of their finals already.
dang! We had a track meet. Next time!
lets pay some cod sir
Sen. Scott Brown Criticized for Keeping Daughter on His Health Insurance
Is it just me...or is Matt Painter looking more and more like Vince Gill?
u good wit ur sexy self
Dear dude who's been trying to talk to me on the phone for a month, was supposed to call me today, and who flaked: WTF?
lol well damn!
Certified Prime Ribeye Steak is our "Steak of the Week"! Let me tell you, this is one AMAZING cut of meat! Oh yeah, INCLUDES the sides! ;)
I should be your pop punk princess, you could be my garage band king.
Yeah, that was pretty much my reaction.
Passes for the Lady A Lounge at 8:05a with 'Minute To Win It'
I've hopped on the downton abbey train and I'm never looking back.
YaY if we unite things will change. Advocate 4 any biz,anything that benefit ourChildren with
Waffles bitches
to who..
: I was in outer space hahahah
$16 Key Tips For Striking mmafightingtips.com/?p=16
I better get a chevy!
My phone battery sucks....
we will b there from 6/17 to 6/22...I'm goin on tour next month, I'll hit u up
yes...pause- and reflect on some of #OlensTips for a guide to living well.
Thanks to all who watched & our story last night...but a HUGE THANKS to for sharing U'R LOVE & PASSION 4 Haiti w/ us!
#magento, we are your biggest fans.
will keep u in mind. Thanks
8 more workouts...
Peeling myself out of bed, letting it all go #positively and since I have to be in the #danger zone gonna make the most of it
Hi Mollie. Sorry for the delayed response. We will be announcing the two remaining winners today on twitter..Stay tuned.
#BOYFRIEND was amazing :D stayed up all night listening to it (: lol
RT : awe ekse! Even attacking on twitter? It's the anywhere show...
hopefully you'll get your wish. But I'd add single to that wish before someone upstairs hears it.
If I See Gino Sexy Ass One More Time! I Just Might Have To Kidnap Him
Yay! RT Congrats and - you're going to party at the Goat Farm tomorrow night!
Yes I Am !!!!!!! I'm Better Than You , I Made It In To Loyola . Lmfao ,
- Thanks for the follow!
Right wen im about to lay dwn nd go to sleep..here come dese nurses to start Jayden's IV...
“Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our <U+2765>hearts. And we are never, ever the same!”
yall should realy do song together it would sound AMAZING!!!!!!
Idon't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
that's awesome!! Beats traffic!!
Really, why? I think I'm surprised, since they don't have a very distinct flavor at all.
": 2011 report reveals more than (69%) of adult males arrested #Denver test positive #drugs." Maybe so high due to medmarijuana.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (3)
thanks cuz i cant wait till u get to see it action
where about in Mexico?
Considering some summer projects to start planning... Any thoughts on a homemade obstacle course?
You're only as good as your next shot!!
Glad school is almost ever
Great post. We use our student ambassadors (tour guides) as social media ambassadors. Prospects love chatting with them.
So unsettling. Are you still in that same SE neighborhood?
Great Christmas gifts for fishing buddies.
do you know if Zoe got hers?
I'm taking a shower, be right back.
I cant wait to graduate from college so I NEVER have to stay up all night studying EVER again
Sorry to disappoint, but I think you've got the wrong girl... Never lived in Tampa!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 24
I'm sure going to miss you guys! :(
ur so sexy! If u got a second plz add us www.facebook.com/thecompetitionchicago
RT Whether it was perceived or real does not change its effects on us
Juicing all day today....
The first batch of invites go out tomorrow. :)
Romney camp tweets picture of Obama only filling 15,000 seats in Columbus or as they call it, the biggest crowd they'll ever see.
Also, really easily un-missed performances. Oh well, you're forgiven.
you have some sick profile pics, brother! Nice work.
2/2 "His believing he's a martian & his dressing as a martian does not make him a martian”
my hubby surprised me wit it I was like...how?! Wat!? Ah! 8D
I wish this would end
best MNeal moment may be him now forcing TT to sign a good free agent DE.
This EP release/benefit show/festival is coming along quite nicely >:)
Gearing Up for PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011
"Not significantly less expensive"!!! C'mon just say what it is--overpriced!
Monday I wore amazing red shorts to work. Today an office-wide email was sent regarding new dress code enforcement. Go me!
it's just getting a little irritating that some people can't take sarcasm. Ya know?
Really? I never thought of that. RT Patriots must contain Ray Rice next week
Fairness is the most difficult dimension to achieve in creating a great workplace
uh im sitting on the couch and its fun huuhuhu
I love this girl! ;P RT S/o to for being awesome lol.
How can ANYBODY defend anyone, including Paterno, that is involved in this scandal Once again, who's defending the children??
#NSAI members are playing in Murfreesboro, TN tonight at the Walnut House, $6 -Go check them out! It's good for your health!
does it bother you when people mix up your and you're?
Is missing HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston. I hope to get tweet updates.
intuitive design is invisible.
you only won because I let you win!
I need a breakfast sandwhich
don't worry, we will find you a spot or just start them early!
WALKING BACK FROM THE LOOP TRY AND STOP ME
I bet John Wall is mad as hell right now lol
Come meet our coworkers tomorrow at Pour House Pub! We'll be there 5-7pm. cc
On youtube
What a day .
it's a good day for our city
goin to see P!NK in madison square Garden....so excited!
Good! Let's talk when you get home.
Have a fun
Writing today on lab work in virology and its importance to early decision-making in public health.
no worries, we are taking your private jet to Atlanta next yr and staying at 's condo, lol.
why the unfollow? just curious... :P
plus it's a true statement. Well maybe not the playboy part.
Those virus link tweets. Should I boot the tweep or have they been hacked? I know not to click on link. But don't know if they're the source
miss you!!
nah my nig i jus was gone blow wit you if you was down here
Extremely successful day.... Nice change of pace
Amazing day at #TPC and spending great time with my FAMILY! Looking forward to the week God has ahead!
hey there, welcome to twitter..
"Im a woman" is the best anthem for women ever. A Storng and powerful woman. I challenge you to find a song equal or better.
Are you still at work? It's Happy Hour Time...grab you stuff an come on over!
Boring.. #oscars time for
what was the quote?
Felt it in Va Beach, too! Crazy!
#YUM if anyone has as an account rep for #crew96 tix, tell her you will only renew if she cooks you delicious treats
I fell on my ass and a few on face about 22 times LMFAO
when i come over, please have a poptart ready for me. and i'm not showering.
is great!
the hot air balloons looked gorgeous. Really would like to ride in one sometime. Will you have them again? Cost?
are you watching this March craziness? Last night Duke loses now today Kansas is down?
thanks bro!
The tone of Sarah's Key was perfectly respectful.
Great read! I'm a sucker for a well-written profile piece. I stuck around for the Harrington and Gira Q&As, too... cool pub!
Your everyday vacation..."Laughter is an instant vacation. ~Milton Berle"
find me those cute boots!! hahaha
...previous link is to the blog of the program...
more money coming in, we are now at $53,000 raised!!!
I would love to see the Seahawks and the Ravens this year...
Not his fault his career has started with the Clippers and Hornets.
About to find a place that I can start going to get my hair done. I'm tired of doing it myself. I need someone who can create styles as well
loved seeing you friend!
Looking forward to plenary by Edward Ayers at #NITLE DH Summit tonight. Alan Kay tomorrow. Plus great sessions on DH in the liberal arts.
i learned from the past people fuck up a lot, so you got to just learn how to deal or move on
I don't understand you
We are proud to announce our newest #DNation mentor, Jessica Wroblewski! She's a runner, triathlete, and soon to be Ironman Triathlete!
i'd gaga on that ladys poker face while she just dances
Sounds like the perfect day to us! :)
#NOIData - VAN change request: Add % vote score to data (ie. a young person voted just once, but 100% of available elections). Great metric
Deciding to hate myself today and ear at #HoHos for lunch.
Another note, just came out of relaxing hot bath...I feel so nice and ready for bed
I may or may not be addicted to Draw Something.
Just found out that there is Instagram for Android. And I'm pretty excited.
Hi everyone. I'm late. I'm Ruben in Lubbock, TX, trying to ride out a storm after being awakened from a long needed nap.
- like the sporting logo?
Apparently, it's illegal not to take cards as a cabbie in SF. I accidentally got one suspended for having a broken reader. :-/.
Good morning bitches! X
Gia looks like a drag queen
Another beautiful Monday - hope you all have a great and productive week planned - I know I do!
I'm tired just reading this tweet.
When did soccer goalie gloves get big as Mickey Mouses?
i didn't but let's say i did. let's say everything i write is about you.
“: Want #free Inflight Wi-Fi? Follow & tweet with #ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!” send it.
"stay at home bllloggasss" lol I HATE ERICA!! AH
NIH is going to have to make the Genetic Testing Registry MUCH more user friendly if anyone other than academics are to use it
Yum RT : I also have Habanero Truffles- today only
yu betta come see me saturday
thank you!! Please stop by!!
Dying for an oreo cheesecake
I miss for the record!
waiting tables.... Sometimes great other times I work like a child in a Nike sweatshop.
I wish life was a dream..I could have anything I want:)
DFI Alumni, Faculty, and current students...join us for our ALUMNI NETWORKING EVENT TONIGHT from 5-7 @ Wash Park Grille!
“: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
“: Does anyone else say "fire up the twitter" #OrAmIWeird” ---- most people say "Time to make the tweeters". :)
Thanks Ken!
did you get some paella?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
I’m Sorry …I Really Didn’t Know, In My State We Can Drive Drunk As Hell…
hi good morning
Word on the street is that Crump is boys with David West and put the hit out on you.
Not sure yet (need to talk to my driver, lol) But will find you sometime today
Offer any guidance on specific metrics for justification? Specifically what holds water re: IOPS, consolidation ratios, etc
oh you know sitting on the drive way watching the lightning feeling the rain drops like a BOSS
You guys didn't like The Avengers...?
Banana Pancakes Recipe These banana pancakes are made with buttermilk in the batter, giving them a light and tender texture. Top these pa
Making Chicken Rogan Josh for supper. Don't know what that is, but I'm makin' it.
Congrats again. What a great opportunity and life experience. Happy for you.
- thanks for the RT Craig!
not yet but I'll try to get some for you
u tryna share some of that lol
xbox commercial and follow people and browse tweets
Aww.. I just purchased one, too. But- there's no Sbux or DD where I am. Miss you. Let's catch up soon.
Looking for fun ideas for segments! Send me your suggestions!
we want them to keep losing so that Gasol can be available!
isn't it exciting???
nothing.. its fine...
Watching Sparkle Pony on Austin City Limits. Portlandia fans know what I mean
#longtimecoming out today! woo
So I like a good drink every now… and.. well no just now. Ha -
What do you think?
Took 's #MNF pick a couple steps further and bet #Chiefs money line and the under, and #Blackhawks and the over. BAM!
Headed out for brunch and shopping with my number one-only one. (: Awesome. Damn. Ness. <3
answer me, Bekah
Thanks for the follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish. Im the monkey on the chinese calendar. Sagittarius on the regular one. :-)
i did but it took a wile
I'm following all of your #FF people... they're great! Happy Friday!
Wedding shoes & jewelry bought... I am all set except tanning & hair.
Today's #vinyl buys: Johnny Thunders: "Que Sera, Sera" (Jungle), Duane Eddy: Water Skiing (RCA Victor), Mahalia: S/T (Apollo)...
All I'm good for is getting used.
This is a quantum car. I don't know where I am, but I'm going really fast.
looking for great music blogs-for independent artists, what's next, etc. any ideas?
"Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal." ---JumpIt!!! From
Aug. 15. More tix to go on sale Mon. At 10 am according to Matt Jones. Lower sold out.
Shit is boring in my house and i'm cold.
But that once in a blue moon it's so nice when you're on the West Coast and can enjoy the games right after work!
Meek Mill's Burn is the sickest song I've ever heard
True! Not exactly digital independence
Somethings are better left unsaid...
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
eh what's in it for mee ?
cna u follow me?
also loading times for embed were very long or inconsistent. also varied a lot from browser to browser and platform to platform
Three Floyds Zombie Dust is on draft. Get some!
take the L today now Im just the guy who brought a broom to work. They'll probably ask me to sweep the cafeteria floor at 5
i would agrue with me i always get the last word I love u more<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Returning from?
I did. What was that? : Did anyone else hear a big boom in NW #DC?
Pick up the Men's Health Big Book of Exercise. Me, I stick to bodyweight only and kettlebells. This works for us in the army.
well, I actually studied hard.. #thankyouverymuch #letshopeforana ;D
Someone please remind me why PCs still exist.
Amen! My 12-year-old daughter knows! Lol
Success does not come to those who wait, and it does not wait for anyone to come to it. ~ Author Unknown
I'd guess the editors' preconceptions about Appalachia's otherness guided their selections.
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock then throw it to your face, so you can feel how missing you hurts.
Thanks to everybody who came out tonight!
Heat heat and more heat Orlando be ready
get me food to :)
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet xP c; &
BIG BRA WATS GOOD
and drake just stand for do right and kill everything.
With the lockout about to end, I'm going to transition from my movie/TV show bender to all #NFL, all the time -happens every year.
are they still stuck on the ukulele song?
T-shirts, Post Cards and Pens will go on sale January 15! Stay tuned: www.spheregs.com
“: Swoon Friday”where at?
*blush* um, thank you too!
I have major commitment issues. I'm probably going to be single forever. I guess I can deal with that.
Christopher Brooks <3
Using the # sign on Facebook >
scratch that. We need to hang out sober for once.
love mq since forever
damn, this sucks as.
(cont) mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, dry-cleaning, truck drivers with fat boy shaved in their heads
Have you read the Book of the Revelation of Jesus Christ? Getting better goes thru some tuff times.
idk, depends where you sit. But there already sold out. People camp out for those tickets lol
My ex just called me and he said he missed me oh well lol
: I'm hardly on here idk why u don't hmu on the book?
You need more love songs, you need more people to text, What else do you need?!!!
Thanks for following us back! It's good to connect with #youth focused organizations.
The crib, it's rarely worth it to go out in Baltimore
:) Sounds lovely!
Resume advice! RT: : if your title changes internally list the employer twice with your new responsibilities.
Just looked at your blog. Nice! From your tweets, I thought you were just an obsessed bacon fanatic. ;)
~Champ Life~
what were your thoughts on NJ housewives?!
LOL! Good to know!
definitely and thankfully we'll be indoors
Create an Avatar - story, bio about your key target market.
ok ill help u in one condition... =)
Crazy! Who would have guessed!
DAMN HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER SINCE NOVEMBER SURPRISED I STILL KNO MY PASSWORD GOTTA LOT OF CATCHING UP TO DO
I really don't want to go to work today. I'd much rather stay home, drink tea lattes, and read.
GO DO YOUR FOOD TECH AND GET OFF TWITER
I keep having dreams that Lake Michigan has big, beautiful, glassy waves.
Oops. Just dropped a lego.
I prefer Letty. I used to be Chrissie, but in kindy told my Mom my heart didn't love the letter e anymore. Chrissy ever after.
Keep the heads up guys
Old School music calms me down. Forget this new music.
So you have to take the whole kit, not just the cowbell. Still, dudes, COWBELL.
I have no idea lol im just going along with it.
It really depends with other products which one you are using. Does that help answer your question?
Ooh now that's something i'd like to see ;D
yea bro. Im either leaving that thurs or that fri morn. Ready to hoop.
Gemini would like to say Happy Holidays and Thank You to all who have served. Please help get this tweet to all of our veterans. THANKS!
I agree with his last statement. I didn't have it till I met him, now its one of my favorites.
pasta or pizza?
we will be waiting patiently. :) Thx.
#VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun!
some of it was the dialogue too. But overall, just lacking. Worth a watch though.
did anyone just feel the #Earthquake? If you did, I'm jealous. I haven't felt one yet!
i'm getting one too.
you huys are just too cute man I wonder if your brother is like you wanna hook me up?? LOL I Jk
What I love about working at a hotel: if the fast food place forgets a straw, I can just go down the hall and get one!
will you ask #peyton to sign my bobble head too?
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
can anyone in your dallas facility call in to CNN and talk about the damage we're seeing from tornado? DM me.
I want to go strawberry picking to but if it rains all weekend ...no thanks
Turned on the tv this morning as they were reading off Rick Rescorla's name at Ground Zero. Premiere of #HeartSoldier was success last eve!
is performing with Carlos Santana tonight in times square
I hope you guys have been watching Magic City. Last night's episode was the best so far.
You should be renamed "Common Pillock" after that move
Hey, Santorum...shut the fuck up about gay marriage ya dick!
Austin can you be my 707th follower plz:)
Last night in Dayton, pretty bittersweet. I hope I make it to my finals tomorrow #onebuckwells ?
Dark chocolate, honey, white chocolate, carmel, nutty... and those are just the types of women I ate the peanut butter with.
The Rockets are playing tonight! If you HAD to pick one... which #Houston sports team is your favorite?
On the bright side...It's early!
Listening to Fleetwood Mac, pretending like I'm not a #saturdaylibrarian in a bit.
Let's go to some haunted lighthouse soon. Those are the kind of road trips I went on in high school and it was amazing every time.
: Gosse: Movement to politics in LCRM something to be embraced
when people rob old ladies we always think of them as monsters. We should at least give them credit for being smart criminals.
YES PLEASE!
Call me a liar, I'll show you a fake
heard 5 yr engagement is a great horror/suspense flick
I love The Weeds theme song
Loadin up the truck. Ready for another all day event spreading the word about BXP
My wife saw Dominique Sachse at lunch today. Her verdict: jawdroppingly beautiful.
thanks Brian! (:
Want my lip peirced again! Dx
I just realize so many artist playing twitter too :D.
i met bryce drew and got his autograph on my 16th bday :-)
good word!
Right now I would be ok with something different
We're playing basketball without the basketball
It 75 out in the chitown loving it
As a designer, building websites is, by far, my least favorite activity.
#PacerNation there we go..
when I get home I'm foldin u up man
Well it's light out, and I'm still up. Maybe it's time to put a little Jack in my Coke. It's been real, paper.
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. - Charles Schulz
Be good, be true
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And they are CERTAINLY Deaditors!
You can go hard or you can go home <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+270C>
Only hoes say "IM SINGLE FWM" soon as they get out of a relationship
Thanks for the mention
Thank you, just visited ur site, love the demi style RT : many thanks for the follow. Love the blog. X
Anytime! I'm a working actor and also co-own The Savvy Actor, we run coaching and workshops for actors to educate them to >>
Just got my tickets for the concert on November 22nd! WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW EXCITED I AM. :)
How close can it get? Location-wise I mean.
I CAN'T GET NO SLEEP!
ight cool bro just stop by the shop.
You said on the twitter you're going to be performing here (Chicago) 5/12. Where?!
SM made a dumb move right there. it made the console feel more like a community, less like a product. le sigh
Need good news? Today is happy hour at Sonic ALL DAY!
RT : Next question for our PSA: What's your favorite Tampa Bay landmark?
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has African-American,Native-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's TURNING JAPANESE.
Intriguing citation guide - but I don't like the revision work done on username spacing/caps/punctuation.
Happy Easter! May today bring fresh starts and second chances to start over.
yoo those fries are addicting , like they sprinkle a lil something extra on em
Holy multiple offers!! U St NW multi-family gut-job got 22 offers. My buyers offered 150K above asking price… and lost.
Elbows getting thrown at stroller parking at Sea World.
Finally getting around to the netflix copy of Midnight in Paris that's been sitting around for weeks now
#UMgrad. Congratulations to all graduates. Remember it is an honor & privilege to get a degree. Celebrate wisely & use your knowledge well.
At the museum ed idea lounge at #AAM2012 -- so many topics!
Thanks for the RT Bill! Glad to meet another Texas Native and Operational expert! Look forward to reading your tweets!
thanks for your help in getting great imagery for www.isiamerica.com! (Early #ff :)
Always a pleasure :-)) Have a great Friiday & a wunnerful weekend!
because they hire teachers like Reilly
love it
11/25/2010 WEBMASTER: Create a sales funnel for the maximum benefit Savannah Morning News
Breaking News outta Portland Big Brayton Chase is stayin!! Now running group sales!!! Promotions get TWEETS!!!
We'll be back at Golfernoggins this sat at 7 pm doing some black light facepaint and crazy henna
Went to see Augusten Burroughs speak at Temple B'rith Kodesh tonight in #Roc. It was... not what I expected. He has a 'self help' book now.
which hopefully means?
real kids of my own, biological or otherwise, I'm sure I'd do OK.
u give scraps head scratches. i close my eyes REALLY slow.
RT : Nix reiterates VY will compete w/Tyler Thigpen for the backup job, not to be the starter.
Proxy Heaven - Protect your Privacy: 02-05-12 | [Update] US Socks ...
I'm so ready and excited to watch #WrestleMania this Sunday even though I would love to be in Miami to see it live
yayy! love you and miss you!
Keep an eye out for Threadbird related news from The Tee Gazette!
I`m Ready....I`m Ready....I`m Ready ( SpongeBob quote ) :-P
The world is our :)
#thatmomentwhen You get butterflies when someone texts you...but the texts makes your heart completely drop..
Great Workshop tonight with the Awesome !!!
It seems weird to me that I can't buy the film Titanic on DVD from Amazon for less than $74. Really?!
Today is Ballet Day! "When I was a little kid, I took up tap and ballet. I've always loved to dance. I'm a rhythm machine."---Tommy Lee
#criminalminds there's a killer in the closet this is why my closet scares me
congratulations on your first birthday!
haha not much, usual work bullshit all the time. Ad you?
I meant 10
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back .... & say I miss you too .
74% of self-made millionaires and America are entrepreneurs, people who start and build on businesses.
When I'm sick and can't sleep <<<<
my pleasure! Loved it. I've been following Tony a while -- pleasure to meet you!
Should we add this to our list of places to visit in June?
Oh look, you actually won for once. Libby-5 William-1 ;)
Its not what happens to me that matters but what happens within me. #leadership #consciousness RT
Hey NFL Refs....you suck
Sugar and salt would dissolve more easily in warm water.
Today is upside down day at NekkidTees. I was out voted!@
"I'm gonna find me a sheep with a nice vagina" - My mid-50's aged coworker, talking about how he can't stand his wife. hahaha
IM NOT THE ONE WHO CRASHED ! -___-t
this weekend is rough stuff, playing this church gig in the burbs every night, next week i'm cool whenever though
$10 growler fill (limit 1 per customer) & $3 pints on Hoptimum. We have 4 kegs to pour.
that's what I'm tryna do!!
Shut up!
Rkelley and Melanie amaro singing in a golden shower on stage on #Xfactor hm.....Me Gusta the double entendre!
He needs to get his own twitter account then don't you think?
I don't feel like you're actually happy but I just go along with it because I don't wanna feel like i'm doing something wrong.
Electric feel .
Dont know what to do!/;
Roenicke's postgame quote on Estrada hitting in 6th should be "That hurt me more than it hurt you."
Hey Detroit, it's been real. 11-0 feels pretty fantastic.
Agreed! RT Can't believe I am 3 hours south of Vancouver Olympics (in same time zone) yet I can't watch it LIVE on TV. What th
fix the radio side. I don't want the technical screw up to ruin my Yankee game experience!!!!
HI LUCK!!!
This world is trying to break me.
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down
---> This!!!!!!! MT : #petpeeve conference sessions with lots of time spent going over univ fact sheet data. Don't care.
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
Anyone gonna RT me? Like cuz he's awesome & lives in Indiana! (: I live in Indiana too! (: lol
Do you feel like the other #orioles just don't give a shit when Matusz pitches because they know they're going to lose anyway?
...you tryin me?
Elijah of Buxton
how did u guys get on abdc did u guys like perform to get on it or sumtine else..?
Jason and Louis were in my dream last night and the were dressed like Teddy Bears :3
guess i should do my research paper now
#LadiesLoveMe Haha, love that song! I got every single word down!(;
Thanks for the RT
Fast Facts: Sensory integration deals with the organization and interpretation of external stimuli by the brain.
I'm not looking :(
If you have infinity of rational numbers and "infinitely more" normal numbers, isn't that a paradox?
Hey, I heard you were a wild one
Craving a picnic.
Localized street flooding may occur with storms briefly, but not expecting widespread flooding or severe weather w/ t-storms.
I think that May should be declared pajama month. Who's in?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 54
is there a wezel today?
I want to be in a karaoke music video...they are classic!
I wanted to text you, but then I remembered, we don't talk anymore.
Piss on New Orleans your Saints and your Tigers hope Bama kicks their ass up and down the field #rolltide hope Willis destroys Brees nxt wk
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind - Reuters
89 days to go!
Look at the (ahem) big brain on Newt! Remembering all those years.
Magnum of vodka and 12 packages of processed cheese, I know one Vons customer checking out behind me who's in for an exciting night!
Hey, forgive my ignorance but that is so provocative...what is a southern baptist methodist?
Playing dre dog at intelligentsia again today. Could it get any better?
#DontForget #tomorrow !! "Anything Goes at Carnevale" lecture by Prof. L. Leonini bit.ly/sH4Wr3 Sunday, February 19 at 2 p.m
Working on Beale till 3 am = no bueno.!
It's OFFICIAL #Gureilla is the next probono full-coverage shirt....keep killin'em Trip...M-town stand-up!!!
Well, Staal, Orpik, Jeffrey, Martin, Park, Kennedy and Tangradi, its been nice cheering you on in the #Burgh. Better luck in your next city.
Can someone please send me this SQ interview please? I can't find shit. Help.
hah FOLKS READ THIS SLOW. THERE IS A PARTY IN CHI FOR THE PAUL AND MATTY SHOW. READ IT AGAIN
thanks for keeping my company at the bibiloteca! Hope your final went well!
Good Morning :{D
Get your priorities straight!
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Ma...........wait why the hell is Mary so bloody.
"Confusion and clutter are failures of design, not attributes of information." -Edward R. Tufte
#questfornumber7 begins today!!
"The notion that Jews are mythic creatures is well circulating in our culture."- Steven T. Katz
BLOODY MARY and she freaked the crap out. She *still* brings that up. Ah, sibling-hood.
Back in ATL, Passenger sick 5 mnts into flight. Thought we were accelerating to get to Indy faster, instead we had turned around
Just two more followers from 200 x.x Hook it up!
I wish I was back at the Pasadena PinotFest, I could dunk my head in a big bowl of Pinot right now.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
must you torture me with thoughts of sticky buns?!
excited to watch you on the warriors!! Good luck against the Knicks tomorrow
Screw you physics, God just bowled a strike
Aww,you too. :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 20
same wishing i could meet austin
Hang in there.
Beyond stoked to be presenting "Oh !@#$, I Need Some Code: A Survivor's Guide" at with
Thanks for shout out! Have a magical day!
Usually everyones fantasy is better than their reality, you make my reality better than my fantasy.
what's your kik thing
De nada. You have a good one, too.
I'm starting a 7 day juice fast tomorrow. It detoxifies the body and makes you feel like a new person! Who wants to join me?? :)
follow us on twitter! twitter handle:
Ok... Wow! I thought only terrible teams like the Bobcats do food promotion nights.
Yes, the logo is for shirts. The goal is to have them for the upcoming football season & beyond
#Pantera & PHOTO EDITING!! YEAH!
“: Metta World Threes.”
The slight breeze cooling the days hard labor sweat that layered granny beads around his neck gave him pulse to feel free and human
Had an amazing session in studio so excited about the new stuff coming up =D
Do you ever think someone might have the same farts as you?
i honestly believe that i need to take a vacation from people ....
thanks for the rec! We'll check him out. Still deciding on which games to check out! :)
Sitting in the studio, going over some tunes for the new CD, keep a look out it is going to be hot.
Thank you, Barry. It's always a pleasure working with you on
to be fair, this isn't something that only google started doing on its own--others (bing maps?) track location via wifi as well
Supposed to be the Queen Mary in Long Beach.
Are you orchestrating a spur-of-the-moment drinkup?
For a limited time, refer a friend a receive 15% off!
*ever RT *since September RT : I didn't do any homework last night.... Fuck.
Don't txt me while I'm in the middle of texting you, now I have to change my whole message
The crowd is starting to pile in for tonight's show with legendary performer, Diana Ross!!! Are you here? Tweet at us! :-)
- thanks for the mention.
Path to success is paved with trust. Change your attitude, shift your behavior, results improve says at
Ok no one is at the rec...
oh, and when are u going?
uhh? Lol I don't! But okay ;D
Be Content in what you have; rejoice in the way things are. Realize there is nothing lacking, and the whole world belongs to you. - Lao Tzu
when is final paper due again?
I like to go first, bcuz auditions are fun to me and another way of fine tuning! And the first always gets more time!
Asking for prayers for my dad who is undergoing several tests today. We're trusting in God to see him through
Get to Urban Garage Sale! ALL COATS $30! ALL BUTTON DOWNS $20! DRESSES $20! T-SHIRTS $10!!!!!!!
Podiatrist picks: New Balance: They come in five different widths. Less impressive are the popular Uggs, as they need better arch support.
HELL YEA
going to vote for until my fingers fall off.
I once had 4 girlfriends at the same time. They all met each other too. I'm slick
Nice! Got an ETA for me?
Family today (:
can u dm me your e=mail i wanna get your opinion on something
breathtaking morning. Still haven't begun the one thing actually on my calendar: prepare for Bible Study tomorrow.
Join us TODAY for FREE family fun at APEX Stage in Sweet Auburn Fall Festival. Entertainment, Food, Vendors. 10a-6p
"okay fine... But you gatta follow me because I'm an expert at escaping. Fast escape fast escape... Fast escapes is my experties"
Ima wear my Ortiz shirt week because ORTIZ PRIDE lol jk I hate that school, but I rather wear it than the normal shirts.
thanks for the ff :)
Yo, glad you are here man. The best is yet to come!
Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director of the FBI. Lunchtime speaker ast the ISSA conference.
Well that is good to hear, not helpful, but good to hear. :)
Devote a great deal of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled how many companies don't listen to their customers.
Cake balls with mini liqueur shots! It's coming soon!!!
murder suspect on the loose in encino... i feel so safe... :(
love it. i actually have quite a bit of stuff on bollywood in diaspora, if it's still of interest.
That goes against one of eReader's principle selling points, and makes no sense. I pay happily for physical books all...
Judging from the driver in front of me, the traffic circle in Olmos Park is VERY CONFUSING.
Mariachi El Bronx just KILLED it on letterman.
Just got home from a great #futad event. Now have to get up at 4 am to catch a plane to Tucson to visit offices.
solid brag
I don't need permission for the things I do. I do what I want, when I want.
when i was young, i've always wanted to be a wonderwoman. she's cool. haha.
Struggles are part of life, it will either break you or make you, so choose to be strong rather than letting it overcome you.
i saw me some and two of my favorite Abby Sisters lookin real scrumptious tonight
Sort of amazing that and I tweeted the same page from a 2007 article on Serafini’s Codex Seraphinianus yesterday.
yeah buddy.
Getting my baby washed!! Yaay!
logic is sound!
It's impossible to eat healthy when you never go shopping and would rather spend money on other shit, mainly bad things. Roosters? Aghhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Whenever I see a couple walking around holding hands I have this intense urge to go at them with a chainsaw & cut them a part
this is my other account ill give u a shout out soon sryy i got hw lol
If u r over the age of twenty, do not have a job, and consider rap or producing ur job. U r a bum! Dreams don't pay rent. B a man!
Project is DONE, special thanks to
Why on earth create the Internet if not to give all teachers & students the opportunity to connect w/ peers worldwide.
Take my advice kids. Live fast n die young.
All I need is one one one
can somebody tell watson & boozer to stop shooting
You women always say that... lol
Thanks for the update on the Brent Amaker show begin canceled.
I'm always up for any session with "ludicrous" in the title! RT : "ITIL At Ludicrous Speed: DevOps And More!"
I thought your tweet was going to be about that guy's incredibly loud walkman on the metro tonight...
o my bday is in feb. :)
u do kno me man
I'm not happy with who the Bachelor likes so far. Such a disappointment.
smh.... smh ": So there was a streaker at #UWM yesterday. Today? A protest and another streaker. Leap Day has been trumped."
I just saw a women so big she took up the double doorway.
Are you an SEO expert? Send us a message, we are looking for help.
Watch n' Learn - Rihanna<3
no-one to call and have a late night phone conversation anymore </3. I'm sorry,I just can't let go
Taking a walk on the beach <333
A Whole Day Without 1 Single tweet !!!!!!!!!!! #AreYouSick?
Smh RT : Yea My Man Put Me On I Just Had To Talk To Her But I Bullshitted.
Thanks. I can get you a contact.
hey im back my peeps
Awesome! I interned there over the summer. The current exhibits are fabulous!
Way to nervous for graduation day :o
well it can be his dog? hahahah
I gotta go get fitted for my tux man but its hot ass hell<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Order sent to Rory in OK!
We've changed our institutional structure and thus our record groups 3 times in the past 3 months.
FUCK MATH. I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
with Sonny Rollins tonight, 8 pm @ Detroit's Orchestra Hall!
I just washed my hands with dead sea salt! They feel so smooth!
ah! Ikr? I'm like still mad right now bc I wanna read more! Haha
The hampden games are cancelled due to rain. Stop by fraziers for half price burgers and natty bo's.
nitenite...sleep well..:))
#youknowyoughetto When you got the New Jordan's on BUT your house leaning
Barbara, PLZ attend congress briefing on #homelessness. contact Katie Seit . LETS END CA #homelessness! housing!
Its like everytime you have a convo wit that person fhey always talmbout bills or I need money or somethings wrong ugh
Thanks Chris Davis and MASN cameras. I just lost my lunch...
That's right ;)
Drake: When I say where all my real niggas at... you can be white.. its ok..
That sounds like a sad family memory. Love Airstreams (though from afar...no experience IRL outside MOMA exhibits).
Lol, u are right, sista! My brother has been listening to you since I was a lil girl and I'm 27, so his love runs deep :-)
The moon will b closest 2 earth this weeks end ,,,its gonna b lunacy so b a lunatic ,AND DONT FORGET 2 BARK AT THE MOON
CST comes as a complete package to improve overall #productivity &
Thanks for following! Happy Friday!
I Love you Kimora!!!
when does that come out, BTW?
happy happy happy birthday <3 :*
I am now the father of a beautiful baby girl, Elise Peyton Weidhaas. Elise was born Friday October 14, 2011 at 1:36am in Tampa, FL
René Ricard: When I speak nobody believes me, but when I write it down everybody knows it to be true.
Hungry but ima need all the studyin I can get 2 more weeks
Did your dental insurance change for 2012? Do you know if you have coverage? Call today to get your questions answered and use your benefits
RT : The always lovely joined Loretta Lynn on stage tonight for "coal miners daughter" so great!!...
We could make it something more, of course.
Just saw my first brat fry sign. Must be in sheboygan
You're a Cal alum, I attend South Florida, how about a friendly wager?
anyone know how long you can record a Voice Memo on an iPhone? forgot my mp3 recorder at home and have an interview in a bit.
Merci for the follows , &
HAHA RT : Next Z-Ro concert has to DJ, IM GOING!
Congrats ! It's another beautiful baby boy like big brother Eli!
Deep, Sexy House at Area 31 EPIC Hotel...
I Live In Denver. What About You?
Take a bat and swing it! It'll be good practice for your recreational softball league!
LMAO Me and my dog just farted at the same time
I got the moves like jagger ;)
don't skate towards the puck. Skate to where the puck is going. -- Wayne Gretsky
Interesting article, thanks!
Good luck to you , your boss needs the information. Ha! :p
Enjoy Chicago's beautiful architectural, history and culture with family this weekend. We've added an extra tour on Saturday 1:30pm...
Aww look at all the kids coming back from prom, I wish I could go back in time and go again! #NOT!
If anyone has photos or videos from the Octavia Mardi Gras Parade, please feel free to post them on the facebook page!! Thanks!!
Praying this morning for all of our graduates! Thankful for you finishing the course, but there is more! Keep going!
OMGASH he follows u???? and OMG thats so sweet...thank u soo so much :")
if you lived in the US you would know what I mean.
Listening to Ivy League systems librarians discuss their custom scripts for the catalog...these are the smartest librarians I've ever met.
Never settle with someone you're not happy with, you have to live your own life for you. Don't allow anyone to hold you back..
: you changed my life. :) # "I trust you" and most of all "that was my idea."
Jay is going. Im not. Can't afford the gas/hotel/entry/food/ect
At in Plano... Wish they had one in Manhattan!
Thanks Jennifer! We love working with u guys! were talking about how fast u came on and made things happen! Great work!
rain, you menace! sun, y must you tease? wish you could've stayed longer...
Thai Massage Parlor > OxyContin.
can u follow mee please:)
Feel like shit
Thank for the invitation to go boating with you guys. Looks like a good time. : /. JK
do u see this ??? Please follow me!!!
La La La by Kid Ink Check it out It's amazing
the only one who will talk with me
Just received my voter registration card! I'll be voting in the US for the first time Nov. 2nd. (YAY!)
i know that I will see my enemies today.
That's outrageous!!
Time to start heading to your mission spots! Zombies to engineering tech and Humans to memorial circle
I DMed ya
I don't see any difference. I've only had this laptop for a month now and it's pretty fast. Maybe now it won't become slow :)
Just booked my flight to CALI im ready to get out of nebraska for awhile!
good luck!
Every tv in the entire Milwaukee airport is showing the game. Gotta love those
What info do you need from us?
It happens every so often and I'm not sure why?!?! It is fun to give a bad time about it, like she controls it.
Hope I can see NeverSayNever before it leaves the theaters. I'd go with a group of friends, but they already saw it (x10) =]
Haven't had a vehicle since late '08. Think it's my longest stretch since before I even had a license.
Neither. Rather: effective.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
sweet! Good as well, been recording and yeah in Sydney.
Still disappointed by "Smoke" on 'Jay Stay Paid'
I gambled. Lack of production from Finley was killing me. Thought celek would do better than 21 yds v Seattle. Onto next wk
Area shops gear up for annual Free Comic Book Day on May 5
Please join me in saying Happy birthday to , the first lady of Tecmo.
Above you can see a neuromuscular junction
sorry for spamming people with facebook event invites, but i'm earning free tickets to see Joyce Manor so yeah.
Wow! Jay Bruce takes Estrada beyond Toyota Territory for the Reds 2nd HR of the inning. 5 straight extra base hits.
Full of urgency to make Jewish art history iPad apps & immersive experiences
sorry I wasn't on twitter follow 4 follow?
Nite n Sweet Dreams all hope you hve a good one!
the Afro comes out tonight ;)
Kevin Durant is an athlete that actually makes you believe what he says in his commercials! Good work! ;)
I'm probably the only girl who decides to pretend she has no idea Cameron Quiseng is right in front of her face and ignores him..
gtg have a grand nite or day to everyone ...follow me and i will follow back hug and kisses no homo or anything like that lol
": here's to the kids who retweet or favorite their crushes tweets just so they will notice them." it's a SIGN
Get your asses to the party this Friday.
University of Pennsylvania researchers claim that women in stable relationships with lots of sex, sleep better than single women do.
thanks Brian!
Awah! I always tell you, I wish there were awesome guys in Seattle!
#YoureTheReason why my parents told me to turn off the tv, and to turn down my music!!
oh. That was a typo, I meant boy pussy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
*Shrugs* Well... yo nigga like it!
I LOVE YOU BEYOND! :) be home at 1:30!
Huge minutes by Wiltjer.
The weakest link in cyber security is also its greatest potential resource. The connection between the chair and keyboard.
This Record Store Day, I have to remember to stretch.
Japanese Blossom green tea taste like eating hand soap but I strangely like it :/
If you give me you address, I send you a post card!
Only thing I learned in class today.. When I give presentations, I get migraines.
Man am I sore from yesterday!
how much do you charge for mixing just instrumentals ?
Join me TODAY at the Elgin Winter Market, 800 N. State St. in Elgin. I'll be there from 9am-3pm. Free admission. See you there!
Brent Schlender is an important subject that is taught at all academic levels
Congrats to & & whole Broncos PR staff -- well done!
What does Superman taste like? RT : I had completely forgotten Superman flavored ice cream existed.
Lmfao!!!! RT : Joey playfully smiling and waving and lol'ing metros.... Idk man
You rotten kids and your rock and roll! Don't have too much fun without me.
Pretty dope day at work, super chill hustle game
It's #raining, it's pouring! But tickets we're still selling! #RedSquare right outside the #ICC doors!
Waking up in my new apartment in L.A. I'm hoping if I go back to sleep the stuff in my boxes will unpack themselves.
I only want to see #starwars in 3D if it seems like I am making out with Hans Solo.
Baltimore City One Stop Permit : 20 people waiting - 5 desks with staff sitting looking at monitors not serving anyone. One Stop...
No awning yet -- we'll let you know!
So much for my sushi craving, FDA says could be linked to Salmonella outbreak. 8 people in Wisconsin have been sickened.
Nice ideas...she loves shoes but the bracelet might be it
Hmm...get someone like Big Papi, Manny, and Josh Beckett to save your butts :)
Dear beer gods, thank you. xo ashley
#cbsongs #BuckyCovington OMG! Falling out laughing here!! Thank you!!!
It's a great weekend for Steamed Mussels and a Fat Tire...$15.95 or a bucket of any 5 bottles for $15.00 It's Happy Hour all weekend long!
FYI, it is technically UC Boulder. Not CU as is Colorado University.
Pinterest is fantasy football for girls.
I used to like you Kevin. Then you sent that Tweet
My ipod has auto reverse
sorry to hear that, hope you work things out and get time to relax while you wait.
“: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone? Why don't you get the black one? It runs faster.”
Happy donut day!
I'm celebrating Labor Day by taking a nap, having a snack followed by another nap, then dinner, then a nap, then it is time for bed.
Great meeting you today at the SXSW panel :).
Great Lakes history, Detroit as a maritime city, Louis XIV's swag, and Detroit's native Indian community.
Arianna Huffington pulled a sword from a man's [Dan Meyer's,nevermind his involment in study for BMJ] throat Jan.13th.Now,I respect her.
Just a reminder to Maine-based bands and musicians: we're always looking for new and unreleased music to play on the podcast. DM for deets.
right like a mini bed haha
Oh hey Cole Hamels <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
I'm going to tweet while watching reality tv...I'm pretty sure it's what all the cool kids are doing...
will do!! See ya in
thanks for the return follow. Have a great night. Spring break here! Sleeping in, here I come
Just be you, be you
With my first official tweet i ask a question. With solidarity innocuous in generalities, when shalt the interlude proclaim postulancy?
oh, don't be so snarky.
don't be working your pretty little head off too hard lol
Agree on research worry, questions of definition. Like the question raised, tho. Comments interesting.
That play was slow all around. Slow dribbler, slow run, slow hit for Bobby Abreu
Congratulations to my pr peeps in #JMS481 and #JMS581! We did it, great job everyone! Keep in touch over summer!
Chris Martin's a member of the club. Not sure about Joe Walsh.
"So believe me when I say, 'You're the one.'" Papa Roach knows what the fuck is up.
We all are though. Don't be too hard on yourself.
thank you for the follow & retweet! good luck!
LOL hes my favorite on the show!!!
inside scoop .. and I met for 4 hrs in March at the Boulder CO Chautauqua to plan & I haven't posted notes :) yet
Sometimes a bike ride is just the only thing that helps.
Asia skye is Ready to do my photoshoots!
Now I know why my email hasn't been working! It's , I typed the wrong one last time
- As long as you keep putting wood on the baseball, you could show up on the field in curlers ! Love Cutch !
Compared to "regular" food, there are 40% more antioxidants in organic food.
TIP: If you lock your tweets, no one can retweet you.
where did that year go?
shoot you're right so say the interwebs...#buzzkill'd
Personally... I liked the most recent Indiana jones movie.
Before I forget: "I had a glue habit, but then I couldn't get the glue out of the syringe."
ya'll are sO funny. I rather get in trouble for being nice than being selfish... But, I appreciate the advise
RT : Good to see in Bristol tdy for #Carwash. Gr8t pub for the talented QB.
Fuck that cop.
I don't think I've ever been at downtown at howl this early... Let alone any bars this early lol
sun is in the sky why, oh, why, would I want to be any were else
I Jus saw two fat ass raoches :'( I'm scared they were right by my face I ran
I thought you did AWESOME!!!!!! On Latin night!!!!
No sleep
Who wants to go to the movies wth me!!!??? Today
Please check out my firm's new website, let me know what you think, and refer me to clients!: www.madisonpllc.com.
Talk about a crowd with energy!! Only
Hitting the allstar game at Horizon tonight..
Jay O'shea signs 2 year deal with Birmingham City in the English Premier league, leaving behind Galway United in the Irish Premier,well done
Twitter jail
4.15 is coming, tax needs to be filed :-(
I'll be there lol I'm going up with people
this is why it's unwise to wash a car, in or on your way to LBK
Oh yeah!
On to the 3rd pot of coffee today!
uh oh - better go back!
Britney!!! Lol rude!
You know that megatouch game What a Mess? That's what my entire apartment looks like right now.
follow me :)
I don't, but I'll keep you in mind if someone asks.
Bearcats choking....ugh!!
#MYIDOL Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing whatever she doing she be on top
If you are 1 of the 9 ppl in Marion County who voted provisionally bc of no ID, you have until 12PM Fri to bring it in so ur vote will count
up early, keeping company with coffee and jetlag. Later its catching up on work and kickball..
Betemit is just bad everywhere
Crap on a spatula. Let's try that again.
I don't tweet on the first date.
I need to make a conscious effort to keep myself from showing complete strangers pictures of my dog on my phone.
#IfITellYou I Love You, will you love me back?? <3
I need some new clothes
Who invented the alarm clock anyways?
70% of the earth covered by water, Charles Woodson covers the rest.
This is so crazy!
wonderful work. Blessings to you and your family. Let us know how we can work together.
Lots of GREAT things are continuing to happen for "The Encore of Tony Duran"... stay tuned
gonna try to go to bed... goodnight :D
Forgot my book and my headphones on midterms day. Great.
im glad you blocked me on twitter cuz you just saved urself from finding tweets about me and getting ur fucking ass beat
RT : Great reason 2 have social media strategy: can count the hours per year it'll require & advocate for that.
#YouShouldNever call anyone you haven't talked to in the past 48 hours after drinking your 3rd margarita
The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true. Anonymous”
I don't smoke,but I'm gonna try to find a way to get high tomorrow,just to see what it feel like.
So ready for school to be over and for the weekend to begin(:
its sad any piece of shit can have a kid
Just got home off work n I Tired as fuck Still bout to work out tho gotta stay in shape 4 dis upcoming deployment
Est oakland gone wild. Lol
Thanks for the follow back! You are my 200th! Go get yourself something nice as a prize ;)
probably right....I'm not cryin for him.
Oh, I misread it first. YES! So true! :-)
#WhenAustin comes back on ustream after he left and says "I forgot to do a heart. *does heart with hands* Love you guys." <3
Heat up by 14 with one quarter of play left. #LetsGoHEAT !
they only had this color in the store, he said they had more color options online. :)
Bored as phuck
Hope everyone is having a great time at BarCamp!
Seriously though, it's validity is being discussed. Would love to go.
very awesome article
yes I think Drupal is great. The flexibility and simplicity are good for libraries too.
if it's 6 more weeks like this one, I hope it's shadow!
Just ate 12 Bagel bites #whoops <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
would you follow back ?
“: If you state the obvious, I have no choice but to come back sarcastically.”
Is homesick seeing 's post about the Alabama sunset. Though, the sun setting through the LA smog layer was kinda pretty too.
I don't sell drugs but I get respect from those that do. I don't run Google but I get respect from those that do. I'm me I don't pretend.
Silence is golden.
white ppl can't say nigga lol
Scottish accents are foiling the iPhone's Siri voice recognition system. The natural Scottish brogue is proving hard for Siri to understand.
Re: ..."on Nick Holt...there won't be a change...." if Holt returns it'll be Sarks last season! I'm a bettin' man...
Long distance drum tracking with via iChat.
Question of the night fr NE Patriots fan 2 me, #sb46 vol: Why WHY isn't your Governor running 4 President?!? (Agree! We need )
Watching The Descendants. My exciting night.
The KCAs are finally on in Hawaii. :]
Is at mcdonalds with his mom
Thank you Brian. Do I have a future as a game show host? How about filming a pilot for Advisor Jeopardy? ("What is GMWB?")
Uugh I'm so nervous calling this recruiter
Do the ethnography first, then the means-based statistical work. Or else have your subject matter nailed down hard. Get it?
No school for moi :) !
i want it to be summer. i want shorts, the smell of sun tan lotion, sun, heat, beaches, surf, SUN!!!! basically i want Hawaii :)
Placing silverware down slows our eating down
no prob dude. let us know if we can help you out at all with your demo!
Was the show canceled?
quality time with my bed. i have to leave it far too early tomorrow morning.
This bus is crowded. Ah. D:<
Our markets offer discounts for Hybrid Automobiles.
John Anthony Ciardi~ A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
One key thing to remember in life. Always give it your all no matter what because you never know who is watching. What do you think?
It is beautiful out this morning and I'm feeling beautiful as well. Hope I can keep this feeling all day. :)
This baby store has glockenspiel covers of REM songs.
Ima Smile at this SHIT...BUT ITS ALL GOOD....
*serious face* "The one who talks like a leprechaun is mine."
did you create a kickstarter for funds?
Just finished Blankets by Craig Thompson. The end sections of that book really made the whole thing for me.
Hey everyone were playing at the canvas clash on saturday! address;613 main st. boonton new jersey! we go on at 7! be there!
Staying positive, changing lives:-) That's how I'll live this week.
That's a good problem to have!
The Rage would like to welcome their first sponsor of the 2012 season. Spirits Pub and Grill in SM! Thanks for your support.
Thanks for the follow James. Looks like you have a solid portfolio of work.
First old smuggler improv, now mental notion show, then support the burlesque. Who sleeps?
My granma tryna make meatloaf . She gone ask me to help her in a minute ..
wouldnt be afraid to debate any politician of any party on domestic affairs. Politicallogic? How bout
ugh i love it so much! holy moly
#hth2012 Frank: need for digital data. Says libraries mainly focus on paper, says digital different. Says managing as "object" doesn't work
Do I really have to get my own cell phone plan?
Party With Us -- The Wanted:Emcees via
Charles Thompson~ Never solve a problem from its original perspective.
Is it Canada Day or Canada D'eh?
THE NUMBER #1 STATION OF MUSIC
4-1 #Cubs! Let's do it.
What song do you got stuck in your head?
Dehydration is terrible for the body! Most sports drinks contain dissolved minerals, carbs, and prevent cramps better than water.
Speaking of tacos, when does start catering??? and my birthday is comin' up in 6 months
Aw, wish we could be there!!
FREE CD's for Classrooms and Educators! Message us your address!
So school exams were suppost to be all week I got it all done today and got most of it right after missing to yrs of school. Yes!!!!!
Sorry im missing it. RT : Listening to discuss social media analysis. Like him already
It's never too hot for a cooling facial.Replenish what the outdoors & makeup have taken away. RVA Tweeters welcome at www.hairinthecity.me
hope you had a lovely day off :)x
Soon my friend, soon. RT Are you eating #partynuts? #RT Eating lunch outside...54 degrees!
Only one reason why i like B days. >>
To you, too! Enjoy your day.
You're not cool
Stop calling yourself sexy. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.
Loved the post on your blog
hope not :s
it still wont let u?
I be working and watching Grey's Anatomy at the same damn time
About to check out this John Carter movie. Surprised at lack of billboards in LA.
you have a twitter and you said you didn't liar
A slap of reality ... What a lovely feeling :/
I need help on the algebra review packet.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This Momma certainly doesn't like that when we're 3hrs out from being home... Keaton is starting to get a bit carsick :(
Hey abstinence, go fuck yourself
Oh wow, that sounds divine!!
What does career mean to you? How much is it related to your self-identity?
Scratch that, line out USA
Yesturday woke up 7 a.m., 11 a.m. got wisdom tooth pulled. Came home & took afternoon nap), then tattooed from 7 p.m to 6 a.m. (13 hours)
Where are you going to "ShowUp" this weekend?
LOVE the father-son banter.
Just did a really fun interview with Rob Delamorte! It'll air tomorrow night...details to come!
Still #reading Cleaving. Trying and failing not to hate her. An ounce of remorse would be helpful.
When 11 year olds ware more makeup then you do
when I can tell my sister wants my food and then I purposely don't give her any
Is it possible to spill both a cup of coffee and gasoline on yourself in the same half-hour? The answer is apparently yes.
Happy Birthday! :)
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. ~ Victor Hugo
Hey, Everyone Else Is Doing It. RT For A Shoutout!(:
Derrick Rose / Swelling down, but Joakim Noah remains out for Game 5
Don't start now RT ": I haven't been home all day :/"
It's about my son's sensory processing disorder and how he's essentially been healed & about my music and God's faithfulness.
Having to work the day after mifflin <<<
i wanna leave school...atleasta to just go eat lunch!
My grits came out great!
think I just saw in harlem...? anywayz, BIG SHOUT OUTS to Idris for doing it big for blacks in Hollywood! Keep up the great work!
plz tell me when the 2 asses r done in the ring!
Bria's interlude
Yeaa! Think they would get back together to play at my wedding?
DAMN IT RAMPAGE. Next game, babies. Next game.
'Un-Conference' at USHM in DC is currently underway. Lots of great sessions being proposed. Virtual worlds, participation, gaming ...
ahahhaha. a great laugh to start the day.
Starting this Friday, I'll be posting the Rant Sports College Football Mailbag! CFB questions? Send em my way!
No problem(: Happy to help!!
Certainly. Back to proper role of GOVT.Make legal but not lie about what it is. It opens vast paths to spiritual darkness.
I WANT COOKIES!
#iftwitterdoesntexist I'd still be asking, "ASL?".
Worst gift ever! RT : Happy Bday! RT I think I hear crying somewhere
sure let's say that,that your a "rebel" I can just imagine you like I'm in the car or something & I see you just cutting down a tree
Me: desperately trying to quit smoking. Hubby: let's go shopping in Schaumburg tomorrow & spend the $$ your saving. Yeah, I'm keeping him.
Mite Do A Cover Of Marvins Room & Trust Issues. Not Sure Tho.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
He's done.....RT Gingrich: "We are going to think carefully about how we can be the most helpful to this country"
Please, nobody text me anything about the Pens game tonight as I won't be watching it until much later.
Multi cod tomorrow! ;D
That is a lie, gottlieb. #fact. And that is a jump ball.
hahahahahaaha you really shouldn't i know i wont
Thanks for tweeting about it!
Only 140 minutes left until the world premiere of Season 3 of "The Walking Dead" on AMC @ 9 PM (EST).
Season’s Tweetings: If you send someone a card on the 15th, & then they send you one on the 22nd, they were just politely reciprocating.
Omfg... Ebony called me talking about doing freaky things. Lmao.
Just saw a swine flu mask. *jaws theme* uhoh, its cominnnggg
Good job cowgirls. If you make it to the playoffs, I'll give you the second part of your name back.
Griffin better pull his team together.....game not starting out good
Avkash Chauhan , Jared Wray, Shy Cohen and Paul Morse are an awesome last batch of speakers today at #CloudFairSeattle!
I hate that song
Here is something to note....VISO IS 4TH! Hopefully he doesn't wipeout.
It really dosent matter what u try 2 say ..if i had a ladder up their is where id b their fukin with my mind ..do it all the time
go to our page and see the nonsense. There is no way our tacos are the best in ATX for some & the worst in the world for a few.
Oh Deena you can cry on my shoulder.
my son just said oh ma..u lick booty huh? Yeah I saw that... Da Fuck!
RT : An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. ~ Benjamin Franklin
The most interesting panda in the world wants to go crazy for the best phone in the solar system!!
i never be on twitter, explains all of my unfollwers lol
Want to start talking about planned giving on social media? Start with bequests, the message is simple, says .
Blah benchmarks tomorrow better study
i am still impressed (after 3 mins). did you look at their photos and do the designs and then do it "stitch by stitch"?
so am I invited to come to the party you'll throw at your new home? Lol.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 8
“: Feeling any better today?” yup! Thanks for asking! :-)
Saw that coming....
dude this game is gonna be awesome(:
give us a call at 512-300-2739 and we can ask questions back and forth much easier
I need a giant bible or dictionary or encyclopedia to prop up my computer so the monitor's at eye-level and my neck doesn't die.
i have told him that this is not the 1st time he hass almost did it
Gonna end this night with some Devil Wears Prada<3 sweet!
Working on multimedia marketing plan for another client. Always fun to tie traditional into interactive media. Plus, it works!
haha awesome! See ya tonight :-)
The Rampage Game with the family
She best not be getting stompy with you! She can with Azzhat, but not you!! I'll beat her with her own hooka heels. ;)
Love the quote. What was SRR comparing that to? Espec. since he was long before the time of portable info in any format u choose.
Is anyone familier with the phenomenon? Its extraordinary!
She's afraid that if she leaves, she'll become the life of the party.
Kids 17 and under can sail FREE on selected 3-4 night DISNEY cruises!
The power of God can be experienced n many ways! Dancing, a hug, butterflies! Many ways!!!
Google is 56 spots behind Apple on this year's Fortune 500 list. Sorry bout it, android.
": Pretty much unfollowing people who don't follow me or I don't interact with. #seeya"<don't leave me.........please!
among OTHER thangs
Just tied both of my shoes while driving
“: Will Khloe forgive Kris for getting "Mavs Mama" perks? Find out what that means on , Sunday @ 10/9c! NO!
if anything is bothering you, you can text me and tell me about it, boo boo. :)
she's so good! Unbelievable!
Great weekend...thanks to all who came out and partied with us! In the mean time, Monday Funday has commenced - special industry bottle p...
....I will get there early
excited for a BIG executive announcement tomorrow... watch and see!!
ha 21 likes, go larry.
Had never heard Jailhouse or Pawn Shop before (lame, I know) so thanks for the tip. Thanks also to Spotify for being awesome.
Follow me and ill follow u bac
I'm watching Your Mama (6274 others checked-in)
Last tweet wasn't purely factual, but you know what is? #RewardMilk (now also brought to you by Mleczko Brothers and, fuck it, Pizza Hut)
With about to pick up then we are going to Relay for Life!
“: how much are kiffin's boosters giving you? Post the picture of your new car”
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. ---Benjamin Franklin
This guided tour of Independence Hall would be much improved with a little whiskey. Let's move all of it and us to NOLA.
Chashing my dreams ..
I swear man, sometimes honesty gets you in double the trouble...
good luck, i hope it goes well please follow her :)
Family dinner night at Sir Pizza in Palmetto Bay. A restaurant the family can reach by Old Cutler bike path. Build appetite- eat- work off
Cody Simpsons going on tour! Whoop Whoop! :) #WelcomeToParadise :D
Big game Friday! Will you be the game?
#wicked, the Broadway musical, is amazing! If you haven't seen it, do! Green is my new favorite color.
Did you see the missprint by NHL network last night?
thanks! will do :)
At home I still have all this red rashes
Too tired goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Watching rkelly on centric Love older men #rkelly can get it all of it
i like this one!
Solid. I couldn't get tix to Toronto. So I'm hitting up Dawes at Midnight Ramble instead.
Texas Rangers, Saints, Grizzlies, and Memphis Tigers.
Why are people telling us how they got drugs?
back in January I thought at best 8 seed. Tigers have got a lot better... but man the ACC has fallen..
Im sorry.
Stossel's REGULATED TO DEATH show airing again now on Fox News
Thank you so much for the shout out! We're embarrassingly late in responding!
hii bebes*: OMG GIRL I CANT WAIT TO HANGOUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
Second Fox Valley meeting just wrapped. Ideas exchanged, inspiration shared, momentum gained!
Who is going to see the sneak preview of hunger games today? Me.
. I have no problem with that nod. As long as we give one to Patrick Ness as well. And David Macinnis Gill.
yeah, it was my old iPhone. I was saving it as a backup and using it as an iPod in the meantime.
Hey , love that you included an illustrated piece this issue! And, as always, great work.
you going to Kevin's party?
Hungry, hubby's off his diet. What to eat?
Dontari Poe has the greatest draft day hair ever
When a house is sold that is job creation. Contractors get work. Hardware companies sell product. Appliances and and furniture are bought
I do have luck with my queries, not so much with my scripts. I need to slow down and make sure I have something to pitch first
Thanks for RTs! :)
Happy Birthday Chuck. Have an Amazing Day and a great weekend. Be safe!
well, he IS black Manu. With better overall hair, face AND head.
Overheard in the campus Starbucks: I want a science class that isn't so intensely science-y. #don'tweall
not usually. we game Magic games, which have been absolutely horrendous as of late.
That combo would be scary. I'm excited to see how the offense looks under Watson
Ask us about how we can help you make responsible recycling decisions in your work place.
missed the oscars :(, but I am going to making some interesting quotes I've hear through my life. hope you like!
Tell your friends to #FOLLOW us! You could win a gift certificate!!!
I used to say that. You'll be back.
thanks for making it a great night next time you come to town let's chill more
A burger from is more than just a meal, it is an experience. One I am still taking part in almost 4 hours after lunch is over.
the blind scary girl who had a thing with garrett but now she has been seen with noel
lol wait is that sarcasm
I am working at Flagstar Bank as a Financial Services Representative. Flagstar Bank has a fabulous concept called sit down banking ...stop …
Smokin that ganja | “: Im up up and away o_O”
So i just noticed im following 666 peeps.....and well i follow back....so SOMEONE CLICK DAT FUCKIN BUTTON PLZ!
Mick and Mack! RT : Do the Lions outside of McMicken have names?
oh well, makes cleaning house even easier to justify I guess
Hey does Hootsuite not do google+?
Pigeon Pose: why must you be so painful?
Not even an atom worth of fucks
Aww. Mel brought the baby in!
If I ever burned a bridge. It was meant to be set a fire!
You can now get my first book on amazon, check it out and let me know what you think!
It does appear that Sveum is a worse tactician than R. May have to bestow Buck Funting on him.
Man that is a big head...
watchn' think like a man (:
:) , and I just have never seen it lmao
WHAT are they reviewing? Wow, have the review guys been clueless today!
It must be because the demand is so high.
: ditto on the Pixies song...my favorite band of all time!
I guess I'm graduating with some pretty cool people.
“: My favorite roads have words in them like "lick, creek, hollow, spring, branch, fork." Know what I mean?” RuralBackroads.quant
Told your publisher, Dan Meyer, that I love your tweets.
this is an awesome match!!! Go Taker
Breaking Benjamin,<3
I think he should get three games. Obviously those fines haven't taught him anything.
Winner winner chicken dinner! Michael will announce the lucky owner of our DVD library package very soon.... Thanks for entering :-)
Awesome! :) Good things are coming your way!
Inspired by big-city sophistication, the new easy-to-wear LE Mary Kay® Metro Chic Collection lets you create looks from sheer to wow
Colts!! Just Kidding Has to be Eagles. "The team most likely to mimic the feat in 2012 is ______."
where is it
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Control the flow of the game
Really looking forward going back to the gym tomorrow really need it
bumping those calories up lol
It's raining... And I'm coolin' til these games start
RT : “: You have free will, so the universe supports whatever you decide to think or believe.”
I agree that VS and Directv will make it happen in the end.
: Good luck with that! Step one: go build a snow man today. Are you snowed in at #brazen HQ?
Errybody know me
Winning is not a sometime thing, it is an all the time thing. You don’t do things right once in a while…you do them right all the time.
Oh poo. I can't go. I'm in rehearsal at that time. :( Thanks anyway.
"In a progressive country change is constant; change is inevitable." Benjamin Disraeli
i really do hate people who protect their tweets like why even have a twitter
Desperately want a cookie. Chocolate chip is who we are today! Step off, oreo.
God wants a relationship with you
Some in Chicago let you pick your own seats when you buy tickets. Nice to not sit next to others.
Can't stop geekin
There were many take-aways; most importantly, deciding as a country how we will enforce human rights for detainees.
Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will. -Aiden Wilson Tozer
Good to meet you too! I guess it's a little like West Point, in that it's topnotch. Not really very military though!
wut do mean everyday? As in 7 days a week?
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, && forever to get back. #Single(:
The cafe is rockin! Come on by.
good luck with PT!
Twelve (12) the min. number of products it takes to get me out of the house in the morning. Could I be higher maintenance than I thought?
not sure what I'm going to do with it yet. But I'm excited too.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Treat yourself GOOD!!! You deserve it!
Narveson gone for season, my panic meter is only at a 4. Long season, super early and I believe in Doug Melvin. So
Good luck on the birth o there 2nd child tonight Jackson will be here soon!!
Love the sound of that!! :) What is this new project you speak of?!!
at least it smells good :)
Yay! It's Halloween !! I'm gunna be tinker bell<33
Hey ANWAR AL-AWLAKI Momma said knock you out!
Hi Glenn, Best headset mic? Generally DPA. One ear or two? Their one-ear d:Fine is really popular (and really good!)
Just scanned through your tweets from #CivicFruit. Will need to check out projects mentioned.
"Coming to America."
reading about Knowledge Organization Systems... brains are draining out my ears. Anybody have an interesting research area in Digital Libs?
go cerrone, even if you have your name tattooed across your upper back
Dogtooth is really good but The Arbor is something special. It's like a documentary Dennis Potter-style.
Yeah, I hoped that too, haha... It's been *really* difficult to put it mildly. I'll have to send you that email :)
Look priceless
Resource & research center- goal: strategic solution development & intervention in the high rate of incarceration. www.churchandprison.org
ayyee I can make ya squirt . U wanna find out ? ;-)
I'm so glad! I hope you have a lovely weekend, too, Roberta :))
What's good ! You ready to party Friday!?
THAT NEW SHIT YOU SENT ME CRAZY!!!
According to personal issues w/one of the #CA52 candidates has resulted in the cancellation of Sunday's debate. We hope all is well.
Hey - "Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it." ~Oprah Winfrey
So dark and cold, I drive alone like a phantomrider s2
Actually just fell for my boyfriend.... :O heehee
At 'Latinos in Social Media' panel.
That 70's Show...
She's A Free Soul, Burning Roads With A Flag In Her Bra!
Haha! That really sucks! I feel for you! At least you have twitter! Lol
Ugh, why can't it be 50+ degrees
if you're talking about sofia verggggaraaaararar, then I love you for it.
"There is a very little emotional return on investment on fixing potholes." focus on the more important things.
Shen Te impressive...terrific numbers...set recalls cubist painter Braque - SD Reader. The Good Person of Szechwen through May 3
I never want to hear the truth, I want to hear your voice.. <3
UGH! Car accident #2 in less than 9 months! Got sideswiped last night by a guy running a red light. Red means STOP, people!
My eyes brows are growing back :)
m good! The hot could be a little more hot, but that's what sriracha is for.
good idea :D
If there is one, he is only pretending, like a pig inserting scallions into its nose in an effort to look like an elephant
HAHA yeah, lots of culture. Lots of decadence too ;) It's one of those places that's just unique and magical.
Are the Cleveland Indians from Cleveland California?
OH MAN. That's not the type Smith usually allows. Damn.
Good morning everybody! Its been a busy week, so glad its friday!
My mom just referred to the man in Zumies as the "mr bearded man"
to go send message to guests. There should be am option to send only to those who haven't responded.
6 weeks i cant do sports -.-
I need to be a famous
It's going to be a great game!
Like your new photo!
We should be listed on there now for both cities. Love the site!
oh i get it.
I AM SO CONFUSED! YOU NEED TO REPLY TO CONFIRM THIS CRAZYNESS!! O.O AM I DREAMING?!
True. Though the image space is already being affected by the filters covering the image.
I was actually gonna tag you in the tweet lol
oh. I didn't know he just asked me to tell you.
A thought to all the Trayvon Martins out there who once were. How many of them? I tremble to even ask.
we already on it that track Bumpin
I mean are you fucking dumb
#mh11 Homerun: Connect people to a supportive community - thru their mobile device - to promote healthy microchoices.
Yes, I am still here! How are you doing?
Kobe has that Black Mamba Look...everybody on the Laker Squad need to Man-up and Let's Get this Win!
Thanks! We love the love! RT : I dig this :)
officially checking out...for now. Gotta get something under my belt--Good night to those of you on opposite ends of the earth ;-)
YAY YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!
What the.
R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU THINK CASEY ANTHONY IZ GUILTY !!!!!!! I BET IM GONNA GET 24568765432345678765 RETWEETS lmfao
I'm having a blast<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I'm starting a Julyan Stone chant, whose in?
What are your plans for the weekend, Missouri?
Why can't I find #instagram for #android in Google Play?
pretty sure my twitter got hacked...
agreed! Especially when factoring in boobs.
RT : Gauss proved the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra in his doctorial dissertation in 1799.
lol. Story of my life:)
much love to Blue Boys, Redskins and Panthers. Much hate to the Red Devils!
If I were still a student there I wouldn't go to class until the entire admin quit.
There's a fine line between an idiot and a genius
hm not sure! Where are you?
stay tuned for specials and updates!
sup;) i bet u 100000000000000 dolla u wont retweet dis and then follow me(:
THANK YOU! (drives me crazy!!!)
I'm doing a lot better. Had bad flare of knee arthritis and then a nosebleed. So attractive to limp and have a red schnoz.
RT : A candle-lit stroll is the perfect way to share the holiday with loved ones Fri, 6-9 at Maclay Gardens
you picked well!
that happens to some of our toys too! It's sad to say goodbye but usually Mom and Dad replace them with something cool!
Describe your work ethic.
Olive sighed and turned to look at me. "Maddie, if that was really you in the cemetery, then... you're my ancestor."
hehe I still love u tho!
Brilliant girls! RT :
"Every man has a yardstick by which he measures his success. We'll talk about that after the break."
#90sproblems included not having enough tape left on your VCR recorder and you missed the ending to a game :(
i have no idea
Well, it's probably good practice to keep at the bookers/pr thing. I'll visit the site next week, try to give some feedback.
looks so peaceful & sounds like fun!!
Getting paid tomorrow. Have to keep telling myself. Getting paid tomorrow.
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. - Chinese Proverb
Back from NYC and the #NBCC Awards . It was great to see all those book lovers in one room.
haha you don't have to do anything with them (:
Cheers to Mo Rivera on a great career. Always dominant, always a class act.
I think the next book I'm gonna read's gotta be Whiplash River, by Lou Berney. Looks like loads of fun.
There are alternatives to liposuction. Velashape can help you smooth out cellulite and improve your appearance. Call for more information
Somewhere in there is a joke about giving up 9 to gain 7....... just sayin.
aint bin on here in a min
ok every1 I have 2 go clean the bathrooms n my anuts house I will be back soon maybe 15 mins :)
RT : Any #OC #moms have little fashionistas in the house? Check out Fashion Camp OC in & Winter Break Camp! htt
#ItsCrazyHow these girls really model their lives after the chics from the reality shows
I think that criminalization is NOT the same as help. There are organizations that provide services, resources, & outreach for youth
A mid-week meditation session is necessary to help with concentration and clarity. How do you take a moment to yourself?
Had alot of fun
I don't think that's entirely fair, but I do think that every time a respected person writes about cocaine, the pups do cocaine
no im serious
Thank you everyone for all the FF much appreciated.
So Irritated :/
dang it! I forgot about #Mobwives !! Hate my life right now
Think you just came up with the newest Twitter app... ;) Build it!
if you don't like selena then don't put her name in yo mouth. she got enough haters and problems to deal with. she don't need more problems!
True- but last night I dreampt I was coding opera. There is a limit to these things :-)
What is the most religious insect ?A mosque-ito !
So my mom sending me money on my bday to NY lmao. So using it for #Yankees stuff. Best thing bout NY ! My #Team Wear x3
or an amusement park in Finland called Fin Land.
now that is just fuckin psychotic
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Why does a squirrle swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry
Very pretty vintage blue Mustang convertible just drove by. Curse you for making me notice pretty Mustangs. #willstilldriveit ...
Pretty good Joy. Happy Thanksgiving to you friend!
Thanks for the follow. Back at you.
come make s hit song instead
the way you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Awesome, man ... press on!
Las Palmas in West Allis originally opened in 1994.
Come see us at Playland on Friday!
It's just a straight up bro-down
playoff bound!! Go for it!
first blood in what?
Follow my sis skills like no other...she's good for any event...get at her ASAP!!
“The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.” -Benjamin Mays
Sorry, I tried! The editors don't work weekends. Monday. please post the christina aguilera interview you did today!! please
Apparently it's weird to say "far out" anymore
follow back sis :)
no! It would be - cant let that happen, Guv mansion grass would get too high not being mowed!
Yip ties it up
Not sure where the o came from
Hi Ian Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
• Carlos Gomez. Looks like hamstring?
ARTIC new online publication platform includes layered images (incl. X-Ray), a notes and a citations tool. Looks good on iPad, too.
I get so bored in the tanning bed
Watching all panels online that I can!! I like to imagine that I'm in the audience isthatweirdihopenot.
who brings rubber into bed?
I agree with all of this. Mandarin would be awesome.
I so wish I could go to SOB's tomorrow:(
you made my day
TY again for the flattering portrayal in today's sketch.
The Avengers tonight!!
I love you so much omg. And thanks! c:
Lol! Good to the last bite? Thanks for dining with us Patty! Hope you enjoyed the experience.
I look forward to it! Have u seen "Crazy Heart" yet? It's my favorite movie of the season so far, tho I haven't seen many
#whosgonnalose - Miami v Wisconsin - Miami will lose
I made a playlist with The Wanted, Hot Chelle Rae, and David Archuleta thinking 'its all my fav guys'. Weirdest combination of songs ever.
Doesn't have to be much...just the 'good one' comment is enough to do me in.
hey girl hey!!
Looking for things in my house that i could sell .-.
When you get it all off your chest, you'll feel better. #Truth"
#aln2011 I love that Cable Green just quoted Lincoln and related it to open education.
She definitely is "D"! I haven't herd from her in 2 weeks
“: Ion need a bunch of bitches, it's just me & my cousins<3 & ” get yal chimpetslookin ass
: " Disco! Disco! " LOL at the fact that in Jordan there's a brand of chips called "Disco" :)
He wants us to be fed up with letting Him down. He desires our righteousness as a testimony to His greatness.
Wishing for a formal evening event to happen asap so I have a reason to wear a sequin dress.
Thank you to everyone who made it out to the release show on Saturday. We had a blast!!
So great to meet you yesterday! You're amazing for doing it all again today...I was so exhausted last night :)
Badass flick. The Citizen Kane II of horror movies!
my wife and I laughed like crazy at this last night!
RT : If your looking for a blessing, go bless somebody!! That blessing you were looking for will find you!!
Tell us about Day of the Tread!!!
Read directions first! Hahaha
Austin: Can I make you smile? Me: Of course honey, just take your pants off.
Nicole Richie looks so chic!
on twitter nd texting and u
You know you don't have to
#followfriday Ferris' Hospitality Program's 20th Gala! March 26th at the JW Marriott Grand Rapids.
&#39;Burn the Floor&#39; dance show now in Tampa
haha I used to work at lowes and saw 2 guys fight because this guys dog was humping the other guy. Hilarious and annoying!!
Oh man! Now I feel foolish for just using my name. I am going to go hang my head in shame now.
Get over yourself.
how come u don't talk much anymore lol xx
When someone's hysterical, instinct is slap them back to reality? So, why let Emos manufacture political outrage? Calm & assertive.
follow those who you would like to be collecting or selling YOUR art. Interior designer? Magazine editors? Museum buffs?
In shock. MAG Volkswagen didn't charge me for a rental!
No problem!
Mine too the remix RT : I made my morning alarm We Found Love so I always wake up frolicing & in a good mood. Thx
he's is totally DTF. Diaper toys and formula.
I love her thoughts >>>>>
#ChenGuangcheng MT : Romney speaks at length abt Chen, says if reports R true he wanted 2 leave US emb,"its a day of shame" 4 Obama
Why is it when one thing goes wrong, everything falls apart?
let's fight this bitch :)
Getting ready to watch my #Packers extend they winnin streak!! Its time 4 #Rodgers n #Jennings to #BeGreat!! Go pack Go!! GnY!!
lol internet clown
~John Crowe~You cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
I got my music up loud like aint no one asleep in my house . *shrugs*
Lights get low, and that's when I have my brightest ideas
Now I can rest easy. The National Cobra Threat level has returned to orange.
now as someone entirely new
dear parents, I do good in school, i dont drink or do drugs I do wht u ask of me. SO WHY WONT U LET ME GO TO A 1D CONCERT!?!?! love, me
“: haha i wish they would stop sending them” heard that
Thanks for the follow Adriel!
sick of hearing all these "celebrity" couples breaking up.. does know one believe in trying anymore...don't get married.. done. and. done
Aww. If only vanishing closets were real, then I could send some to you! (forgive the nerdy Harry Potter reference...)
#yobitv i rushed it ..... Randy Dianne Jerry Michigan. Joshuas Hair. Skyline behind you guys and Tweet peeps :) Love you
Another great day of training at the The Gym - Humble, TX ...putting in some major work getting these players ready for AAU/College.
watching celebrity apprentice - I think annie will win....
no. It's not broken. It's dead.:P
I mean I don't think there will be many complainers if you do :) haha
You are my sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss. You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
No #defense in this game at all but fun to watch
Today www.getrichradio.com will not be live. Tune in to earn your scholarship dollars!
I jus tweeted bout chitlins and a gallon of Louisiana hot sauce last night!!
Train your mind to expect positive and fruitfull things to happen in your life.
Our Hero knows you love making bank jokes, so he banked that three for all of you.
Caught up on my dvr. Awesome job on Dexter. Gonna be a great season!
The lucky one was so good.
A3: & don't be afraid to voice your opinion. Even if you are the least experienced at the table, you can make a contribution.
No kidding, right?
#Perrywac aid needs transparency,accountability and results. Not Toyotas and conferences in Nairobi.
I just watched it! It was easily the best episode of the season.
Happy Mothers Day :) I want to thank my beautiful mama bear for being so supportive! You are the best mum in the whole wide world! Love you<U+2665>
The sales tax holiday to help parents pay for school supplies will come partly at the expense of school funding.
Lolz RT Those Mariah Carey/Jenny Craig commercials are hilarious. Not sure if that is the intention but anyhoo...
That was one long march. 5 miles
You know you are the #worstninjaever when you feel intimidated by a squirrel staring you down to get your lunch. Long story, don't ask.
#IGottaAdmit I'm the type of person who wants to do good, but dont feel like actually trying to .
Tune in to 97.7 @ noon mst for the launch of our new station!
Prediction: i will have over 1,000 followers on Twitter by the end of the week
Oh, you bought the new Jordans but you've missed your last 9 child support payments? At least you have your priorities straight.
We open tomorrow? Oh yeah...
Chipotle and yoga. Two great things that don't go well together.
Roadtrippin to North Carolina with some bamf
The Hunger Games!
Take that, RT 76 in Milwaukee. 65 in Los Angeles. Just sayin' ....
Just renewed my expired domain. How long before site comes up??
ha sorry I missed it with u guys. Already had plans that night. My bad
exiting, I wish I could go support you guys...yummy stuff
ima be big the whole summer -_-
y como va las grabaciones del disco?
haha im sayin it makes me seem like im the only black person he knows and calls me "brother"
Working late in the office
RT : Support integrating the #arts in #education. Arts help teach analytical, creative & strategic thinking.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented <U+2665>
Never been so jealous n my life
If you haven't already, get your FREE copy of "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" supportblackbusinesses.com
RT : Learning about Press Skills from Ebony Hillsman, #NLCAtlanta Chapter Director
Sustainability as challenge - 1961 census simply can't be read
follow me an ill give u a shout out
No other user research methods employed yet.
new sememster begins...
I love it when teachers curve tests. It makes me happy (: lol
im not down now
The People Who Have The Biggest Impact On Your Life Stay For The Shortest Time.
One down, 161 to go.
Maryland Senate-House budget conference breaks up without agreement, continuing the brinksmanship.
You should follow captain obvious on twitter since he is following you.
Missing my damn game
Cooking with 1.5 year olds:t he adventure continues
my dad is next to Crawford jersey. Fokker is there a lot.
it was githire. The mail just came out of the blue, I wasn't looking for a new job.
heart palpitations for that.
Final presenter for the Efromyson award for excellence in cultural tourism development: South Shore Civil Memorial Trail in Hammond
damn right! It's rather sexy when a beautiful girls knows how to cool for her man!
The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle RT
Researching conference/training room space for workshops
no problem!
Please don't let me forget to take a multiple exposure photograph of the people by the Marilyn Monroe statue.
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Buffalo to hear great music?
TN peep, and HUGE fan right here!!! Any stops in East TN for the #IDOL tour??
Never start a sentence with "To the extreme..." because I am not mature enough to keep myself from yelling "I rock a mic like a vandal."
Having my Valentine's chocolate from for breakfast. Amazing. Get yours Sat.
Did you know that income tax is about $1 Trillion per year in America, but PAYROLL tax is also $1 Trillion? #Nuts!
how were holiday sales? Need to restock your dolma collection?
Too early to talk favorites. Ask me after draw.
RT: I love the phrase "new to science." It's like everyone already figured it out, but science was really busy elsewhere.
one direction?;)
Followers have you been getting strange messages saying someone is saying nasty things about your or spreading rumors about you.
what kind?
So what? Did the Seahawks win today?
draw something is iPhone crack
PSA 4 Parents by : Don't let guilt make you give your kids more than they have earned.
Great message on grace and truth. Needed that as we enter a new week. Thanks
o my god i was just going to say that it looks amazing!!!
Yessir! We gotta hang out papa, been way too long. You doing summer at the FIU? ": Pineapple! your back home?"
#Home in basement with
If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant
The other side argued that life does have a point to it even if there is no God.
what time do you guys present at?
"I'm telling Raph about this!"
What is it called if two people in wheelchairs are having oral sex? Meals on wheels.
Listening live to R/F.
grab somebody sexy tell them hey
last friday of freshman year.
": Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million."
Happy 91st birthday to #MickeyRooney, who has acted in pictures in ten -- count 'em, 10 -- different decades. Who else can say that?
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!
Pumped to be 24hrs away from Summer Poolooza at where we're going to film our next OutNAbout segment for Pilot Ep3!
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination."-Jimmy Dean
preach on
so true!!
fuck, how horrible?
Man I was tired as Hell.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up so we don't get more homework
he always tweets me hearts. <U+E411> well at least he tweets me . He could ignore it. BUT HE CANT IGNORE ME, HE LOVES ME TO MUCH:')
Good hair days >> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. ~ Dean Acheson
#TerrificThursday - have a great day :)
Short week means we're a day closer to First Friday. Check out "The Couch Show."
Fuck good looking lesbians. Only ugly women should be gay.
I'm reading Infinite Jest and Dracula. And no, that is not a Pride & Prejudice & Zombies style mash-up.
We have been around since July 2010. Trying to be the new iconic gaming PC company. Check out out you tube videos
Thanks you too. Have a great day!
Disney's John Carter world premiere is just down the from our house. Come on John Carter, HOOK A BROTHA UP WITH SOME TICKETS!
Donna Summer...a true loss. RIP
you are so awesome! Just sayin'.
He tweeting the whole crew *smh
Make sure to exercise your right to VOTE this coming Tuesday. Who you vote for is not the thing. That you DO IT is!!!
World series champs my ass! Brewers win6-0!!!
in today's food history: the last remaining Horn & Hardart Automat closed its doors in 1991. It was located at 3rd Ave and 42nd St :(
Getting an unknown text with 785 and automatically assuming you know who it would be...
I need that follow back llab
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston Globe–Horn Book Award submissions! More details here:...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
You make the call, you're the leader! (for now... *snickers deviously*)
Brook Lopez and Robin Lopez each have the same amount of double-doubles this season: 1.
When did Paul McCartney turn into a lounge act?
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. Epictetus
Minnesota makes it really easy to be proud to be from here
Some couples nauseate me.
How much is it? I'm broke right now but I can try.
Why you postin' pics of my boo boo?!
Love that we cannot have is the love that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
RIP ..Junior Seau...one of the greatest Linebackers that ever played in the NFL!!!
any chance that you have an extra Cody Simpson meet and greet pass for me?! I tried so hard but didn't win?! :(
Don't keep score. Marriage breaks down when you constantly compare your sacrifices to your mate's. Concentrate on your own giving....
Ugh! I have to walk 2 blocks to get some Pho because they won't deliver under $25? #
RIP Gary Moore. The best of the best. Too bad super bowls never had the pleasure of featuring the best guitarist ever at halftime.
I didnt send it yet, you"ll have it in your email box tonight.
I gotta sex drive push to strat!!
“Over the next 5 years, 370 Jay Street will be transformed into a cutting-edge center for research and science"
come with me and mikey shopping!!!!!
Follow me first.
aw i guess im tweakin lolol
ok hold on..lol
you need a life
Ha! The Ghost of Texas Past paid you a visit. ;)
Cava in Clarendon is open!! Just walked by and it's PACKED
Now I'm listening.
Love alone is literate in the world of origin; it can decipher identity and destiny. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
I tweet to network and spread the word about what I'm up to -- that's pretty much it.
same! I do not want to see Malkin or Kopitar win.
#Giro The moderate uphill right now is over the geographically important but almost untouristed Monti Martani, the central spine of Umbria.
Brian Kenney says our online catalogs are compost heaps; they're dinosaurs & the room of librarians applaud. Hear, hear!
lol day crew is the worse people there
Problems faced with codependency
So you've got some strange scavenger hunt folks, the cinco de mayo bros and the free comic book day folks that insure a strange day today.
rainy morning in London, I knew the sunshine wouldn't last that long! lol off to see big Ben and buckingham palace and ride the London eye!
oh no. bad public speakers make me feel so
#online what if added vampires to the mix? hmm, be pretty cool! :D RT if you agree
and I have never used Malabrigo...it feels so lovely though. Have you ever been to Wool & Co? My lys :)
Does anyone have an open slot for their macker? No one wants to play with me
I'm just kinda pumped about life right now.
You're mocking me. I can feel it.
oh that's nice! :) I should check them out lol
Storms. Storms. Storms. :)
“: Broke niggas gone hate... Thats what they day consist of... I meeeaan... It ain't like they got some money 2 get up & go get.”
great to see you!
Derek Fisher is probably happy he left!
Kobe is a killer.
Go read a book hoe ! ;)
If they lost, everyone would've talked about how they still can't get past the Heat. So this spares us that. And it was fun.
Looking for something wonderful with your tea, how about Fruit Butters or Honey or Chocolate or Tracy Dempsey Originals Brittle!!!
thanks for the mention. The Wings are going to rock it tonight, eh?
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I still don't think about you. I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
"when you fall for someone's personality everything about them becomes beautiful"
thanks, I guess that's one way to add to the Rapids fan base...
it definitely is :)
Vip get to meet them b4 show, take a pic n get an autograph
Friday sounds good for SURE, cause I missed my booba, and I have like no homework, and have fun tomorrow. TURKEY DAY !.<3
omg! Pls tell her she's in my prayers!!
not a hiuge country fan but I loved it(:
Rapture# Just finished sewing my Jesus costume! On my way to Harold Camping's place to play the best prank ever…..
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
Exciting business planning sesh w/ Fired up for both our projects, including her hip-hop kids music brand !
lets get our fitness on bitch:)
Thanks to for styling today's session. The clothes were fantastic!
Movin' on up!
That moment when you're in your room blasting music and acting like you're in a music video>>>>>> <3
# PutVinnyInTheGame I know your ratings for that game will go through the roof!!
Join us 8 to 11:30 Saturday for the very best in local food. Have breakfast with us while you are at it.
I am fairly certain the wood bees are going to drill so many holes on our front porch that the wood columns will tumble...
Whatz good.. S/O The Invisibles!!
a animated pick
This is almost heresy but is there a flavor substitute for bacon? Can be meat or vegetable.
If u drive an autoboathome, call farmers... Everyone else can call hotwire!!!!! :-P
What time does the SPCA close???
I <3 the Victoria's Secret fashion show. Especially Erin!! Add her to my list of girl crushes
Discussion at dinner red or blue charmin? Which is better?
Dear Councilor at Law, When would YOU like to retire?
Im strong enough to stand on my own i only fall once like a dumb ass for you # no second chances
omg, I swear everyone I know that does soccer be hurting themselves lol :c
Education committee is packed with interested members. Let us know if you want to sign up.
lmao.. dont worry, it will all pay off! i did that too, and i met him, so i bet you, you will! #believe <3
haha thanks and followed :)
; Naw, 2 of the most storied programs in college basketball is what really made it special. I guess a home win streak is worth a lot!
same here Chris!
i smile to show dat nothin phase me..
Twitter always disappoints.
I am actually using Pinterest. La! :)
You're welcome. :-)
You have 2 find a place where you can love your character 2 do them justice - if you're judging them, that separation will show ~Glenn Close
you might be offended if you were working hard to overcome these stereotypes.
ITS GAMEDAY!!! hosts Lipscomb at 1/3pm for YOUTH DAY! Autographs..meet the team and giveaways! hosts belmont at 1!!
Coke Zero has saved my life :x
my head is getting clearer these days. it's scary, relatively uncharted territory, but i promise more tweets are to follow.
I am So _____________ right now
Oh good one! I haven't been there in ages!
no way. That was his. Don't let him try and play that off hahah
Do you have an important presentation to co-workers, superiors or a client coming up? Why not brighten your smile and look like a boss!
my sister is off to the hospital! [.... i sent this hours ago.]
HEY! HOLYSHIT OPENS T O D A Y Y @ 4:00, Opening Reception and music @ 7 Come party with us!! :) :) :D :D :)
Most people pretty much do what they're told. Would you agree?
Don't hug your Chicago Messenger delivery person.....it slows us down!
Can't sleep...hm alcohol can fix this situation n.n
I don't like Austin of woe is me
You know you're not in LA anymore when the sun is out and millions of photos, status updates and tweets ensue :D
I would love it!
Hooked! ---> Scandal
Anyone ever been to the ? I haven't, just curious. Might have to check it out someday.
Britney was almost amazing.
love. joy. peace. patience. kindness. goodness. faithfulness. gentleness. self-control.
i ran into one of your tech school homies named Brian! He said to tell u Hi!
thanks guys!
Come on ! ! You stole all my ideas You a thief ! I'm so upset ! Guys do something ! I need your help now ! Give some advices
I know, it's embarrassing.
hey everyone. Follow ! He rocks! a super kick ass drummer!
no but do u have oovoo cuz i think my girl has that!”)
RT: Thanks for Follow!! Thank you, hope you enjoy these tweets about the rarest Canseco card in the universe
Playing the cards i was dealt and no opposition will but asunder My Life's Vision...im changing "the world" starting with "my world"
RT : TONIGHT! Tipsy Tuesday w/ at BOMBAY RANCH...
Cotto with some hard punches to the head. Controlled the ring for most of the round by cornering Mayweather. Cotto takes round 2.
Why does my throat hurt so bad? Wahhhh.
if yo love <U+266B>
I got $300 worth of clothes there yesterday for $100. Great sale! RT JCPenny may be my new favorite store.
woohoo you're joining in today too?! Double high five!
ouch. Well im glad its.nothing to serious. Tell him to stay tough.
lets see how this day goes !!!!
Not sure yet, but they're putting out a new album, so I'm sure there'll be a tour.
Laying down bumming it. Damn rain messed up the day
wanna go to johns creek anymore
shouldn't be staying up so late. just can't help it. i love this quiet house in the middle of the night.
1 thing to see QR Code on document, another to apply as training activity. The combo of ID & new tech often surprises (I hope).
Transit, quickly becoming one of my new favorite bands.
I'm like, wtf... I can be rich in 15 minutes.. Who needs school type shit lol
New homepage up @ LunatikClothing.com Tell me your thoughts. Updates to the site happening by the day so stay in tune.
I know he is going home for at least some of the summer.
Are blogs like & behind the paywall?
I have to go shopping tomorrow, I bet Gano will be bagging for me. I wonder if he can get the groceries in the bag?
There is really nothing to do but this any ideas anyone...anyone...
Stop cheating on your future with your past....it's over.
Tomato vines and Pobla#Ano peppers will be howling at the full moon tonight
Outstanding opening scene—Hans Heinrich von Twardowski steals the show as the titular Nazi who has one scene then dies off screen.
The idea of the return to Zion had been alive among us for 2,000 years!! --Dror Eydar
Can I just say it: the practicing architects aren't as smart as history/theory types. ie confusing liberal w/ neo-liberal. Disappointing.
RT : She kills those blond dreads...i'm in love! · you #still that 1/10 boobie! :-)
"I will put out for truffle honey" - At Otto with @
how's life after drama centre by the way?
Brawndo, it's got what plants crave.
Can't wait for my new #michaelkors glasses! I feel like damn Velma from scoobydoo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I am ready!!
this weekend I'm at idle hour lounge friday and saturday 8601 w. Grand in river grove IL
Addicted to eating cleanser because you like the texture and taste?
How great would it be in suspends Mike Smith for that cheap shot.
ik it sucks
Okay probably goin to turn off my phone n just do homework for a couple of hours...maybe go to the park n lay out there?
Walk into Isabels house and get attacked by like 6 cats.
why is there no DCI app yet?!
Y'all ugly lmao.
ah very true. I bet #ScottStorch is feverishly fiending for Fat Joe
zomg we forgot a key wardrobe piece for #lilacpantsuit luncheon: hats!
RT : This is cool. We've got 2 pairs of tickets to Green Day's American Idiot the Musical at Fri night. RT to win.
Miss Watkins is the name? I've only known u on twitter and fb lol
Waiting on the Penguins and Islanders game, Got lots of money on the Penguins.
You can reserve a table at Belle Clementine and do dinner and one glass of wine for $40/person...
Ellen's on yaaaay
I'm comfortable in my own skin & with my own company. So I don't stress friendships.
YOU just got to something important. Jews always look inside and not afraid to admit that they can do better. r u ready to do that
I have no clue aha
“: It's so hot in here!” I'm about to die
Our CIO is talking about all the IT ppl leaving and how he doesnt want us to leave too good luck dude
Really don't wanna be here anymore
After 2 days of reading JIRA SDK docs and still not having a clue how to write a substantive plugin, I'm calling fail on this SDK.
Ooohh Momma there goes that man. Anthony Davis is going off!!
Went to Find Friends via interests - why are without an education category?
Love my chats with my favorite Liz!:)
So people can visit family, mostly.
Playing ping pong and tweeting at the same time.
That is a wonderful resource. I am booking marking and saving for my patients. Do they happen to have handouts on that?
Owen has barely eaten today. I give him a bottle, he eats a little, but is really not interested. Should I be concerned? He seems happy....
Top of the morning y'all!!
STILL IN P.A i do love it when i come home...
Very thoughtful and generous, Thank you.
its better/funnier in spanish xD
thanks! We're gonna be playing shows soon, keep posted and in touch with us. Thanks for the support! Spead the word :)
Truth! RT : #Pirates were genius for bringing Nate McLouth back--everyone can see 1st hand how bad he is
Keep stating the obvious truth. This world be a better place w/o religion always stopping progress.
Now accepting ideas for Star Trek flashmob.
Feel the same way about flying (partial to ground transportation). You will really enjoy yourself out there.
Which doco? But very possibly. I was involved really early -- founded a league in Sydney in 07, one of the first 5 down under
what does the tattoo on your neck say?
Learning and networking at #amia2011 conference this year.
#dearsiri: Will there ever be a law & order:svu musical?
#iWonder why my ex builds me up just to break me down again. -___-
Yea, not a good day for stocks in the entire technology sector.
Downloading a game from Steam at 4.1MB (yes, megabytes) per second... HOLY CRAP.
Yeaah Because Licking Balls Is What I Do Right ? >________<
addicted to Argan oil by Acure I wash- I put this liquid gold on followed by rose water. Saved my skin from chemo I swear!
Diligence is the mother of good luck. B. Franklin
Tell it like it is. New on the scene. Check it out.
oh snap, is tomorow groundhog day ? i think it is .
sounds like an awesome plan! And you'll be even more happy with some of the other shirts we have in the works :)
Dayum that's all bad I'll DM it to you if want
Three days?
“: #NoMoreDistractions God is not going to change His word for no one!”
Your store in Shorewood, and Willy is AWESOME. Thanks for providing a great service to fitness enthusiasts!!!
"In the battle of EGO, both competitors lose...... "
dude, that's the fuse box, not the battery
first order came today! Quick! Will savor mine! Bacon butter a surprise 4 Easter 4 my husband - #glutenfree #peanutfree Thx!
I have!!! Awesome book. Epic.
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand every other light is red.
If we could just replace the weekend with the week... The world would be a better place.
Agreed! By the way... I love weims. (profile pic) We used to rescue them.
Hughes looking sharp - 6 innings of 3 hit ball, 4 K's, and no walks! #Yankees are up 4-0 in the 7th. (Boston down 2-1 in 6th)
Happy Halloween! (*^*)
I need some new bitches, yall bitches lame ass fuckk
lots of filming happening in the office today....
Hearing from Peggy Balboa on the RDs role in advancing consumer sales and traffic - very interesting topic!
Five days until Amsterdam! Jason Sloan () and I are taking 5 MICA sound art students for a week-long residency at STEIM. Yep.
Awww, Pandasonian. You're my new best friend!
... without punishment, doesn't mean the behavior isn't worthy of punishment in both.
getting a haircut stresses me out
yea. If I came back for good. I gotchu. Bt idk watz goin on yet. I mite stay. I mite go.
LOL It's a favorite past time of mine also! : )
SO DID I! <333
What's everyone up to this weekend? Get out & do good!
doing me at all times
I'll make a mental note of that..... LOL
Just woke up & decided that today is gonna be a good day!
Nope i have work at 5! i went down last night though (: and im going tomorrow.
Their study will be sponsored by The World Bank. Their certificate course will include English language study.
presentation pro tip: place important text in the *top* half of the slide so even people in the back can see it.
yea i do:
RT : A Blazer lottery pick that actually pans out RT As a mascot, what exactly is a Shocker? (Comedy gold!)
no but going Saturday
We like the #ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage trend, and humbly suggest: Big Pun's dick. (72 days is less than 6+ rulers).
Follow back spree! (:
Yup :) That's what it's all about!
Loving SkyBar right now! Was not expecting to meet that many people!
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performances: The Battle for the Final 4 slots
holy hail batman
cool, just started following...keep up the good work
Time to purify more and deeper through Lent as we start to approach Easter.
- How wee gnee get there ?
buffalo people we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place get at us for tix
or, you know, for folks who wanna go all Equus in the privacy of their own homes.
I'm following you. Guess I just can't get enough of my half sister! Haha
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Aha :P Oki :D
Usually when its 80 degrees, its #back2school but the #instrumentRentals are coming in like #beginningBand season THANKU
Have you seen the holiday lights in downtown? No? What the heck! Well you can see 'em in style on Sunday in a !
"Hey, I've got an idea for a car that runs on Bald eagle heads and fabergé eggs..."
what a about it
My 16-year-old sister has taken to calling me, "Peasant." I'm not really sure what to do with that.
Great reminder Denny! Have a great one!
Touche! Yes. Stil, it LOOKS UGLY now and I can't bear it. I SHAN'T bear it!!
300 bench today!
What does a computer smell like? RT What? Why wud you--nevermind #weird RT Perfume that smells like a computer?
A dark and stormy night, a good night to get under the covers and edit.
I almost cried hearing Mario say ICONicBoyz...<3333 omg<33333333333333333333333333
#AmericanIdol Judges wasted the safe I agree! #TeamDixon WTF America
is Carl Landry to the Blazers a real possibility? I keep seeing him in the rumor mill..
Suns out and feelin real good
today i got a sore foot....
15? “: Twitter Trivia with : How old was I when I got my first tattoo? #jcpHandH ”
ew it smells like fish.
Should have looked outside before I left my House with Flip Flops Onn :/
When im counting this money i swear i start buggin out
I check my iPhone every commercial
l LOVE them all! The want more/want less list is great. So many good ones! xo
hahaha yeah that's what she did! & yeah the alarm wouldn't shut off for like 15 mins . It sucked
Just got a invite to a webinar on webinars. Meta.
Ryan today is the 4th. . . Phnless !!!
YES! ": Last night in Prague. Off to Munich tmrw using guide and sage advice. I eagerly await trying a Doner Kebap"
Up Having a glass of wine And Watching Breaking Dawn With My Baby
both very stunning :) you have one beautiul smile deena!
He just played The Underground oh my god
Does he like music?They've ones that play pics on the ceiling with music.Might be entertained w/something like that
HAHAAHA no!! don't feel that way!!!! there's just so many things in LA to do! xD
Shaq, donate your bike so we can raffle it off for charity. Check out "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook.
We are live tweeting, photo posting, etc. at Harvard Israel conference tomorrow. Tune in here @ 10 am!
Gatlinburg is quite squatchy right now.
Yeah, kinda. Lmao! You didn't know????
#LOVE & laughter...
Can't wait to get in my bed. Ima sleep till bout 8 tonight..
Elderly gent just asked server for fresh corn. He meant popcorn. That's language from the days of yore.
i work with the best team in the biz... love what i do for a living!
thank you!!
follow back:)
We're excellent at creating great content, and HubSpot makes it easy to do that
glitter nail polish has to be the hardest thing to take off of your nails.
We're so excited to see our General Manager, Chad Taylor, featured in the newest issue of ! We're very proud!
Threw wit his ass on ta tha next one *
do you want me to embarrass you with our first game's score?
You know is LOVING that a gingey just won
lol what's up?
(Insert shattering glass!) RT : #Top100Lies ...draw something is more fun minus the flirting... agrees ;)
I'm not a mother, but from someone that has had many ankle injuries….NO! Not normal!!
tastes splendiferously wonderful!
It is never a mistake to say goodbye.
We are a sponsor for Earth Day Birthday today... Lots of great bands
My recommendations are all Korean dramas, anime and Diane Lane movies. Well played, you know me too well.
The has details. Terribly sad.
We're about to update it. Just have to get the wording right.
Summer attire = basketball shorts, with no draws, hoopin shoes, ankle babies, shirt, no Tatts
Dicks with the best djs and party in milwaukee tonight. Dj chris v and dj rock city! Its gonna get weird!
Free Doing What I Want
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
can't wait to see today!!!!!!
I don't celebrate labor day bc my unemployed friends don't need another bs reason to beer bong natty ice til 3am on a Sunday.
J&B Plumbing & Sewer Repair 5 5 Professional! They were very professional and showed a great attention to detail! I am very impressed wi
Huge thanks goes out to Pioneer Branch 2 letter carriers for their outstanding efforts during the #StampOutHunger food drive!
Storm Prediction Center says outbreak of storms Sat. from Texas to Minnesota could be “high-end, life threatening event.” Take heed.
Thursday sounds great -- what's near your office? I can walk down. I assume you mean this Thursday?
i keep my eyes open, cause blessings come in many different disguises.
me either<3
Thanks for the follow. I appreciate your support.
Yep, the homemade chocolate-dipped macaroons were definitely worth it.
You're. Welcome?
Never let yesterday's disappointments overshadow tomorrow's dreams. ~ Unknown
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms
He sees my flaws and all but he still accepts me :-)
Agree RT : Let the vacating process begin.
#NassauCoFl Democrats Picnic in Park today from 11 to 4, Central Park Fernandina ,ALL candidates have been invited to educate voters + BBQ
Oh my... I'm about half-way through the pilot.
Ashley Furniture expected to announce North Carolina plant Friday
I'd love to read the $C shittybank feed on
you abandoned FB and started tweeting? You found a job in DC?
The Silk Tie likes JohnMichael!
Ima watch this movie, & yo ass is going 2 fetch me a colt 45 u want this cream betta respect da gleam -Billy D Spindles
Thank you, true crime show, for saying that was a reenactment. I was pretty upset your camera person didn't stop that murder.
Cell i ssplitting, but still some rainfall rates of about 1"/ hour.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bestie/roomie I love you!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
I would like to see Nick Swisher take over the Pie responsibilities.
#mtvmovieawards whoever is suppose to press BEEP just got fired ha ha...f bombs being dropped all over the place
thank you my friend! How are things?
Students need to understand, not just remember.
Few things are more terrifying than mayonnaise purchased in bulk.
lmao. Working! Hey I had a staph infection ..yuk! Im suing the City!
Congrats to LaMichael James for being the first Duck drafted this year! Stud!
sorry I was tweeting and watching in real time and since she left I thought it was over, I should have known. watching now
Check out for some of the best jewelry in !
Surprise is the greatest gift. Roll with it. Magic unfolds.
Hi Ben! I would love to have you on as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem!
Shout out to #regroup on being named marketing communications AOR for Citizens Bank
headed to #icny tomorrow to show off the latest in lead capture for Real Estate Brokers and Agents-weather permitting-4-5 inches in Atlanta
Let's get action drunk!
Brian and Little Dude went to get donuts for breakfast. Matthew was so excited to go out w daddy by himself!!
Cuz I've got one pug with a pocket and...
Trying to decide if free samples at the National BBQ Championship in #DC is worth braving the heat + humidity. I should just go see A Team.
We have 494 together! I see you! Hah
I hope this turns out right
yeah, just horrible.
can I reach someone who knows what they're doing? Or do I have to talk to a shitty idiot who has no electric knowledge?
watching a movie till my saucy little meatball gets off work.
How do you strike a balance between diving in headfirst and calcifying a project thru bureaucracy?
I'm not hungry but I'm gonna eat because I might die tonight.
Same to all of you!
These float entries definitely got the 'Imagine' theme down correctly.
u will shine
U content with the way you living! More power to u!!
can i hav my cake and eat it 2?
I'm a huge fan of magic realism (and I write it, too). Are you seeing more YA magic realism submissions these days?
did u put an eightyville sticker at the mc d's on kirkwood? Lol.
Cool league. We'd love to help you get schedules, standings and results live on LeagueApps platform. It's free!
We’re bored to death in heaven, and all alone in hell,
Just wanted to say thanks to those who follow the patient patient
You don't need a reason to give flowers to the one you love.
Glad you liked it
- Ovah here bored finah get on the phone.!
shit... i doubt it
it would be corruption unless they can show the officer repeatedly did things like that. sounds like they will take him to
Angelenos: Vote YES on Measure L this Tuesday - save our libraries! No place in any community is so totally democratic as the town library.
This phone is not my friend when it makes this terrible xylophone sound
Sad about #adamyauch. "...the right to party" was one of the first songs I used to sing with my brother.
I think that should be two <U+2B06><U+2B06>jus saying ;)
Is he Twitter stalking you, or for real stalking you?
Special of the day "Sinbad: Son of a Preacher Man" SO FUNNY!!!!!!
Grandma is in the hospital #pleasepray </3
as you should
because the Jonas brothers will catch you
not really I mean how can u? Sketchy much!
Working with to turn him into a twitter god
Thanks for including me in your #FF! Hope your weekend is lovely....
We help to fund investments through our events Life 3.0 and Do-A-Thon, that's how we connect people
Thank goodness for social media. I probably would've ended up a serial killer w/o it.
#imagine Austin:with every kiss and every hug you make me fall in love You:Aww *kiss him soft and sweet* Austin&you:*smile* -anna
12 Essential Tools for the Content Marketer
So honestly guys, is probably the BEST.FILM.EVER! I saw it in the and LOVED it. Plot/structure/photography
really? that'll be a dream come true!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH
your website is down. Please fix.
Seek first to understand . . . then to be understood
I could have -----for dinner every single night!
the tome foolery on my TL.....
Sitting in Dr. Booher's office.....
I tweeted it this morning!
Follow Back? (;
You remember the trampoline in the middle of 'nowhere'?!
Wine. iPhone. What more do I need?Oh, maybe you...
Where's this internship?
Theres enough Kevin for everyone. Phillip and Kevin had some :) #ShadeRT lmao. Umm, Zack is pushing up on Kareem..:-/
Before you judge me, you better make sure you're fucking perfect.
yeah if/when I move away I'll miss it, too.
#uCantBeToughAndSay "Bye Bye" nigga take one of those byes out i aint ya dam momma.
I feel tha same way
The only problems of first world men is being overweight and too much email - Tim Ferriss
Bought to hit the studio up ASAP
"And sex is such a disarming thing." I'm the one disarmed, by (re)reading y'all's interview.
Golden Gate bridge
Free wheelies show this Saturday!! Top of Tacoma bar w/pioneers west and tall girl..two amazing Tacoma bands! 9pm 21+
Still play "Florida or Germany?" A friend moved to Germany and she thinks its the greatest place on earth! She needs to hear those
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with us by ordering Felipe's Taqueria!
Best of luck to and many others. Obtain lots of betting discs and organize them neatly
Thanks for all the RTs, Kathy!
hit me up ASAP. how is it going w/dat Porno Star Girl what was her name again? Angelina Castro I think or so...
THANKS to for having amazingly delicious + healthful breads - our #phametour students devoured them, thx to
Don't break people's hearts they only have one, Break their bones instead they have 206 of those.
you did an amazing job at that! would not have been able to let go of unnecessary cruelty. good for you-we're rooting for ya!
I really wanna go back to sleep but lets be serious I'm not doing anything important tomorrow.
Why? U have to give it away?
Great day, but where is all the people??
This show is fucking retarded !
Yahoo! Seanie is coming to dinner. Haven't seen him since the day Dani went back to Seattle!
Really ready to go home.!
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
thanks for the shout out don't be a stranger :-)
It's weird because people stop me, call me, text me, & inbox me random dating questions. Get the book, Official Rules to Being Single
ima keep da squares away from me also
Everything is so much funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
Working on a project that requires #DotNetNuke. This stuff is backwards.
Doing something fun with Dream Out Loud on Tuesday! Stay tuned.
On my mama girl i promise ima make dat up...
sounds good, how 'bout tomorrow? how 'bout I bring some Bivi to go with that Big table...
#Pisces have a dreamy quality & appear most ethereal on film/stage.They float down the red carpet.Their beauty is timeless-Elizabeth Taylor
At the Apple store and cant help wonder whether all these people are really geniuses.
I look forward to your Tweets
just the friends who I actually talk to, and actually make interesting tweets (not a whole lot)
I enjoyed it! RT : welcome - and thank you for blogging for our community blog too!
Got to sleep in yesterday. Got to nap today. I must be on vacation!
found you on the Internet.
Let's go #HEAT!
thank you for your the wonderful statement at our launch event, your support helps us in serving the disabled community.
#Obama backs gay marriage? Let's see it become a reality before the elections. Otherwise, simply rhetoric.
How often have you changed your Facebook Cover Photo versus your Twitter background? Behind your answer is a telling fact about #FB!
you jump really high on stage; i think you should have ran track in high school and competed in hurdles!
Any newsperson criticizing Perry needs to post their blooper reels cause they've all got one!
Fear the Turtle! Mich St. will be a tough game.
It's Polish Constitution Day. Stay away from Belmont between Central and Harlem. You've been warned.
#FF Highly recommend following these sexy ladies!
S. I. Hayakawa's LANGUAGE IN THOUGHT AND ACTION. A classic.
thank you for a great time last night! Had a blast! Such hospitality!!! <3 you're so great
My day consists of lounging, eating, and thinking. What's the next move?
Those girls who look really pretty even when they're dressed "bad" , then there's me. -.-
Great! Can you DM me the phone number of someone I can talk with about it? Many thanks!
did you find out the flight info?or hotel info for nyc?:o
CAT MONKEY HUGS!!
Nope, I dropped her and her sister off at MAM, 7:30ish
Like the woman in the ad, Starbucks' Frappucino is also MY preferred beverage when I sit on a wharf and hit my knees with drumsticks.
My thots exactly! They didn't have much to say tonight! ha.
We are super excited to announce that twice Emmy nominated cinematographer Kevin Burke will be working with us on our promo video
I can't wait to hear Daredevil too!
This is my fear. People might feel there are no ramifications for their actions
Horny Goat for some
what's wrong ? That cough ?
YOU.ONLY.LIVE.ONCE
Not like we're picking out curtains or anything. :) -
...or never got it to begin with !
Thanks for RT
#HookMeUp with prodigy from mindless behavior <3 or some scream tour ticket for ny they sold out
I don't know what tense to use.
How many GRANDerz sent vinny bracelets???please reply back guys!
True horror, our daughters should not use most costumes sold. Every year I encourage her to make her costume, so far so good.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Dont forget to Mention Columbus JollySavers where we offer the best kids related, family friendly deals 24/7
Happy friday! Going back to music expo today at W hotel in hollywood to do some biz!
oh ok. I swear it's crackin outside my window, but I ain't got shit to do lol
RT thank you! : Trying to help getting followers! :D
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you start fighting /arguing like an old ass married couple.
Little known fact: If you look up "Politician for Rent" in Webster's there is a photo of Mitt Romney.
#cookingclasses in #Milwaukee can be semi cheap at the milwaukee public market on water St. They should have a list online
Aw...you hurt my feelings
Just drove across the harbor to the WI side for the game. Superior is way Green and Gold.
Call me Father Czech
Fabulous idea to do poetry talk in March as prep for April's Poetry Month.
consider adding "Proud Carnivore..."
ACACIA frat looks like they're throwing a banger tonight. They have palm trees, sand and a Egyptian pyramid entrance setup. Damn
aww Imma get her sumthangg <3 & dont get me hyped . I don't want us to get there & see hella Mexicans -_-
Thanks for the #EAV love. -Benjamin
Had so much fun today!!! Awesome event!!!!
I hope that the regulators go far in the game and take out all the vets... it would kinda of suck if one of them one especially RACHEL!!!!!
you miss Mequon yet?
This Rhianna and Chris Brown song should be illegal.
like Ohmahgawd this tweet will be so funny. You better read it real quick and laugh
happy birthday ya Lakers fan
Just accidentally sack tapped myself with extreme amounts of force. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>Going to go die from pain now, holy crap.
What Sam did was stupid. What Patrick did was stupid. And there is no need for name calling.
drench'd in a maniac's apparel...
well text me
Damn, today makes 4 months for me and mishaa. I almost forgot. I must love her <3
well now ya know, and knowing is half the battle.
agreed. But what is up with Christina?
First time watching #stateoftheunion in HD and Obama is quite make-up-y.
Half of the people i gave a #FF didn't give one back . -.-
im great,how are you?
Alumni join us as we bring the Mountain to Mountain Brook, AL! Trunk show at Rex Harris 10-5 Fri
My bathroom is currently being torn apart by a dude repairing broken tile, cracked wall, other stuff. I also think he's stealing toothpaste.
Had a growler (well not the whole thing by myself :) ) of the First Waltz last night. Nicely done.
Dude, i've literally been singing that song for the past week! xD I was singing it even as I read it O.o
Nice to meet you, too! Thanks!
Why thank you! And likewise!!
Boo to you
the blessing in being broken...it's the only way to let the light in...
Connecticut: Hampton Inns In Connecticut
tweet to my fiancé , and she will get you the details.
We're proud to be involved w/ & supporting sponsor for tomorrow's event. |
Oh believe me, it does...
That can broadly describe thousands of different types of shoes. Be specific please.
lov the way u write.,.hvn't played it yet,so not sure if I stand corrected yet..
6 acres atop the bluffs. Colonialist art collection. Triplet Aston Martins. Aviary. Talk about the hourglass economy.
I wish you'd follow me love...
There is no limit
www.eightimprov.biz No ticket prices, cast and schedules for EIGHT IS NEVER ENOUGH.
Don’t miss your three favorite magazines, , and together in booth #634 next week !
i like civil war living history reenacting and pretty women and history buffs
why are u not sure luv? :)
Go Timbers!
Tired to the 1000th power
Cmon Rockies you gotta win this series... Purple & Black Nation
My bad. I guess "Lady Evelyn" is a car. I'll go with that.
Due to it being our 1/2 haircut day, a lot of us will be there. Call us today and make an appointment.
Me and my grandma are talking about how hot adam lambert is.
keep up the great work
Order your favorite Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Best place for lunch in #916?? where should we go ppl!! RT
Thanks for the shout-out, Tori! None of this would be possible without the amazing feedback we get from SM folks like you.
...i love swiss cheese!
Dirty little secrets always come out
not sure i fully understand Tebow to the Jets...
lol dot get too excited
Good morning! is live at #Miller Park w/ scavenger hunt on #WISN12 this morning!
Just made puppy chow. :)
I guess I'll watch #GreysAnatomy tonight. I gave it up years ago, but a friend from work is dying for me to watch the season finale.
after reading over 1567 books on how too's...and let's not stop at the library..."what is the answer to our madness"
“To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult.”
- will b glad when mine done. License or not im driving
my family was so thankful to have Thomas Jefferson keytar, dine and show us his declaration of independence notes tonight
A3: I tend to comment on blogs daily - not a quota or plan, just comment as I read.
you get to live in Florida!
whoa :O those are swaggilicious, g, cool, awesome, AMEEZING, fierce. Love it.
no porblem, thanks for the follow back
Stay strong no matter what
Thanks for the ramen
It's funny how my parents make me cry & then 10 seconds later they make me happy. I just love my parents <3 & fam. :)
Chubb: Tech is being used in places with least resistance, schools are no exception.
WHAT ABOUT CHESTER!!! holy snow monkeys rachh
And Florida scores their first goal of the game making it 2-1 in favor of #Wranglers still w/ 1:50 left in the 3rd period.
Hello HI!
Auto DMs suck. I'd rather get nothing at all. Dummies.
we are worth every penny ;)
dying my hair :") wooh
Action is the foundational key to all success. -Pablo Picasso
Champions League Final - Today at 11:45am!
Will you be on TNA's UK tour?
Literally almost started crying when tweeted about leaving the crew :( can't believe he's moving!
keep the dream alive. music is for everyone, not just for a handful to control, however we sure like hearing it first. ego gets ya everytime
let's try this shit again
where my husdand prince ?
The webinar ended, we'll have to see if we should resign in or if it restarts.
Thanks, Eric! Very nice piece. Now lets hope Wilson has an injury-free season.
sinking in grace.
errrm, so all our followers and people we were following totally disappeared! The heck? Anyone else experience this?
Colts fire Coach Jim Caldwell... (now starting a personal campaign for Jim Tressel as his replacement!!)
uploading a MadBull Airsoft piston video showing install of v2 and v3 shells!
if you'll be there I'll make an effort ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
is going to be so happy Eugene came into our lives :)
SHE LOVIN THE CREW
I shoulda planked on that bitch who asked me for an ID and blamed it on the al al al alcohol
“: On my way to Memphis to do GMA and the Sun signing , hope 2 C u there!! :) L”
Dont feel bad Dre will be home to u in a few hours sis
Why do I hate going to sleep so much? Its really become a problem...
I know :( it sucks
Thank you so much, I greatly appreciate it!!
Caught the early bus which never happens
Any of you have Verizon? Like it?
#LoveYouLikeALOveSong its hard to get you to follow me
You're going to learn a whole lot more by listening than by talking.
If you really Care for Her, Fight for Her. Don't let Her Go that Easy.
we mite go to passions
Absolutely! No better way to spend a Monday night :)
We do not support #corporatization of #education (at any level) and will do our best to fight against it.
First day back to work after the holidays. Next step, extensive psychotherapy
Happy Mother's Day!
Fo Real!! I will be upset..I need to get meet and greets for the next tour!!
learning how to build an organization page in Facebook. Hoping this comes in handy at work.
I'm just realizing I'm ghetto....I burned off my arm hair I missed shaving. With a lighter.
Thanks for the follow Paul!
Crap. My mama's mad. That means crazy driving. :S
Malta needs a secular Constitution - Humanist Association
friends safe with Seski. guard what body?
Love you too hehe
Best lunch ever with ! You girls always put me in the laughiest mood.
I know Michael but I still want to x) He looked so depressed today :(
Obsessed with all things ! Their spring collection is as would say S-I-C-K that means sick!!!!
Nice Tim Burton reference at the beginning. It is very Burtonish.
I hate sleeping alone.
susie!! follow me girl
Happiness resides not in posessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
Detox Mondays are the worst. Atleast it's a 4 day week.
no worries. Check out ours as well! We just launched it yesterday! www.stardesignsa.com
hahaha XD yeah well don't let thy stop you because I'd love that :)
#Team lady Jordan.... BOSS :)
rise and shine...it's #drinking time. Happy New Year!
Quote of the day "Like no training we have ever done before", Plusnet participant at bespoke call centre simulation
Ha. Glad to see u get some variety.
marcus won 56-52. Great game
off to see NC State/Georgetown and Mich St/Saint Louis!!
how did you do it with xna? I am so lost, a one man game creator is not my bag
The WB-era albums from GUS GUS are now posted on Spotify, fully controlled again by 4AD. Last time I looked, they weren't there!
"The songs on the radio? U have to write better than that to get a song on hold to have it *not* make the record." Darrell Brown
Its sad but when love is suppressed HATE takes its place
Life is a journey filled with ups and downs but it's your decisions that will determine the outcome of the journey.
Off to Disneyland for the day. Kind of excited.
is the best time
If Melibee #interns r any indication of what the future of #intled is like, dang, we got this covered! They WOW me, hourly!
My voice is basically gone and it's only the 1st period...
Aegis Tools International, windshield tools and auto glass tools. Used by professionals world wide.
Doing everything I can to not goen off on this team right now! 2 runs with 2 outs?
#braun intentionally walked in ninth???
Allow children's décor to grow, change with them - Las Vegas Review - Journal
I know! We know it's not gonna be one of the original cast members, they're all coming back, I think. April?
Yeah, I like this better than the BlackBerry.
Cold water be good after a nice hot shower
Money is not your most pressure resource...it's time
Thanks for the follow. Happy New Year guys, and best to you on your sets next week at Copperfield's.
HI(: you're really cute.
Topic modeling: not just words, but can also be applied to music, pictures, social networks, etc.
Ugh! How can you be a "Life Coach" and a person whose philosophy keeps seeing a 3/4-full glass as half empty?
So geeked to have made my first edits on Wikipedia.
you're welcome :) are you guys going to the meet at west tomorrow?
when one door closes ANOTHER opens !
Whoa. I'd like to see that recipe, but I imagine something that spectacular may be under lock and key.
It was VERY tasty! Would also be good with some turkey sausage (as suggested) or tuna/salmon.
thay shit was very fun... i met some good folks that might be my 'half'-siblins soon... did a bunch of shit...
Rock. On. AlphaBeer V (yes, that's ABV!) is scheduled for 6/25!!! Details coming soon! Very soon - like, today maybe.
Desire is all, the heartbeat of the universe. You are empty without it, abundantly lush with it. Give me a lush desire
Watchout for foolishness around you for it will fool you.
Why did you stop following me? D:
ymcmb appreciation tweet
But you've really got a boxy head with a permanent smile and beady eyes right?
Mount union with the gf and the dog for a nice afternoon
OK, but I simply don't care what goes into winning an MVP award, because I think most voters don't seriously research it.
dang that looked hella bomb! I got the Munchies after looking at that!
true indeed...
In Music Meeting- Pretty Reckless “Make me Want to Die” that title’s too perfect can’t you just taste the irony…rotten
B.A.P GO HARD FACE SHOT
The Foreign Affairs Oral History Collection of the Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training. Interview with Amb Johnny Young
Thanks for listening Diego!
like my page...
I noticed lol
Thanks maneo! Follow us back and I can shoot you a direct message.
o ok cool
at least... that's what I imagine goes on inside that barrel.
yup, im up for the night, only cuz i HATE goin to sleep, im more of a party all night than sleep all night person
Nothing better than Odwalla carrot juice!
cc: MT : It'd be much better if Amtrak pretended not to have wifi, then the rare occasions it works would be thrilling
WHY DO YOU TOUCH MY CHIN?
When here was no electricity I didn't see where the way I walked to. and suddenly I found myself at hospital and I broke my leg :(
212 miles to Tucson.
Anyone going to the UWM basketball game today? Free shuttle from O'Lydia's
So happy to be inside on the couch where it's warm and not trudging through the snow to get to mgmt class. Snow days rock! :)
“: RT : We are packed with Superstars tonight! Who are you most excited to see? #WWEinLA”
I think hes got a good shot of beating Frankie. I wouldnt have given him much of a shot against Bendo before tonight...
yeah he has a few decent songs. But when you listen to guys like a Eminem, his stuff is just bs. Not talking about anything new
Please, IB bouncer. Let me in tonight. It's my last night.
Yahoo faces dark Monday over CEO&#39;s resume
What is your favorite color choice when it comes to evening gown?
let's be real.
Hey, I don't know if you've ever checked this site out but this is a great Steelers/NFL info page. www.bleacherreport.com
Downsized her handbag. It now has the density of a neutron star.
so fucking true! You can make millions off that idea! Haha(:
ye I aint worried bout the shit no more
I'm watching an infomercial....
We were to busy inhaling smoke from all those around us! ;) Loved my time with you!!!
Announcing a #grassroots effort to connect #RhodeIsland #fostercare alumni and establish a Foster Care Alumni of America State Chapter.
#np: , Everything in it's Right Place
In anyway can you convince someone to have the glee 2012 tour?!?! If so then please do!! I was so upset to find out there wasnt
That's Fucked up Truly sad Wtf it aint never that serious
:O soulja boy me follow :O I cant believe :O omg !!!
"Stick 'Em Up" from the Above The Rim soundtrack still gets play from me
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think the #Democrats will take office in 2012. #Republicans are horrible, but at least they do something
luv all of my followers right but this may seem greedy but i really want some more please
Loading in tomorrow. Picking green screen backgrounds as I twitter. TWEET!
Aww how cute an employee just asked a girl out over the intercom
not yet. I need to play around on the site over lunch today and see what Im gona buy for the week
i wonder if ever sat in the seat i'm sitting in at busch stadium.
screw the law David and get a tattoo
Rule #1 in business: Say what you mean and mean what you say. Companies that keep their promises inspire client confidence.
no problem!
damn im loving yo tats
I think they are REALLY good.
I'm just gonna reply to everything you tweet me in a dm. then just tweet me your replys!
You go get you some DD and take a break!!!!!
": Arvada Middle 2day to address kids about bullying. If a child chooses to follow you, where will you lead him?"each 1 teach 1 V
. what have you been up to since the world premiere of She Wolf Rising back in 2010
Had the most hilarious convo w/my mom. She decided w/o seeing one that i would not be moving 2 a basement apt. She was so serious.
Ha, couldn't imagine a better way to spend it! RT“: sacrificed my 700th tweet to reply to you. Chuck, you foxx you.”
You can't spell 'Beautiful' without 'Be You'.
I've been on the record saying there's no way it can be better than Dark Knight. The trailer has raised my expectations. Will be intersting
Mr Brooks Long is just kicking things off at Full Circle Storytelling's L'Amour Fou! Come on down to to check us out!
Missing my boys
how often do GMs end on original terms of contract though? he'll get extended until he gets fired prematurely, lol
stfu! I just heard it.
more detailed than broad-swording RT I would like to thank and for last night's daggering.
thank u love
Everything that matters is slowly falling apart.
seriously? I think it's time to release Henry Rodriguez ...
"I'm laughing because I'm scared" -Rachel
It looks as though the #pens are playing a pick-up game and this is the 1st time they've all played together.
So glad you are following! See you at Discovery Theater soon :D
I meant ecstatic... Lack of sleep is finally beginning to catch up with me :-b
says: All together, now. Require and reward collaborate learning.
alright thanks you?? :P
Did i Leave My Under-Armor Shirt Over There?
the best kind of Love!!!
Brian Kenney Leaving & to go to become director of White Plains Library bit.ly/nucKJj
Shut up and take a hit of the spliff bitch....
I figured but DRose was like top 5 on my list, figured I has to pull the trigger
Fancy Nancy by Jane O'Connor: Get your bling on!
Waiting for this meeting to begin. So I can go cram for today's exams.
Try to tell one story and tell it well rather than covering all bases.
The dog just licked my eyeball. I must practice blinking faster.
I'm glad it had that effect in someone... :)
that i do know, ha. one of the only things.
Uh! Muuh back is killing me! I needa massage bad!! :(.
Thqnks for following
Hey all you FAC heads!!! Come in tomorrow for Thursdays special Any two top shelf grams for $30 donation all day longƒƒƒ<U+263B>
Happiness is not the result of circumstance. It is the result of loving others.
happy almost spring...our doors are open and the spring air is breezing in. we are here till 5pm, see you soon xo
Mo, a girl? bahahaha nope, Mo is a dude
I wish I had perfect skin
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? - Eliza Dushku
Make sure to follow for information on football camps, promotions, training tips and more!
3 and half more days till I get to say goodbye to my 10th grade year.
I throw away pennies and I can't be the only one.
Wheels down in Fresno from #spprosummit. Can't wait to use some of the stuff I learned.
Never truly appreciated the meaning of You Live and You learn...until now
I've seen the movie TWISTER about 3,000 times so I know how to survive a tornado. #optimism lol.
haha yess, I'd love that more than anything. When do you get out?
Let's go now! RT Is it dinnertime yet?
no sound on mens soccer stream
When teachers expect me to go to dead day
Sammys quote of the day "one right doesn't make a difference" <U+E531>
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
HIV Does not have a cure but is able to be managed.
OK, so it's not just me.
I don't like to play second to your cell phone. Obviously whomever is texting you is most important. Go be with them please
definitely. it's great that he is bringing attention to the ongoing atrocities in
Is it bad that I'm writing about politics but watching t.i. & tiny? Should I feel conflicted ?
Two solid hours of sock knitting ahead!
hey, how often u going for early morning runs cos I fancy it if u wudnt mind the company. I can try my best to keep up xx
When’s the last time you made a chocolate sundae? (Tonight would be a good time)
got it...and i just sent you another email
Methinks that would picle me :)
Its all good haha... How r u?
can I get a "get well" tweet <3
smh there you go again lol, but you're right tho
"If Justin Bieber broke up with Selena Gomez you think he's gonna come up to your doorstep & be like hey wanna date me?" Preach it Kingsley.
At least I showed I care.
I'm gonna change my name to Gabe Grande. :)))))
Niggas sayn dey got all these bad bitches. But mad ugly bitches walkin around pregnant!! Somebody lyin like a mofo!
Heard gunfire outside the Sheraton then watched from window the swarm of police draw guns on everyone near the train station
tonite Milwaukee!! Cactus club. Sweet ass support too with heavy cream and holy shit. Chicago tomorrow! Gettin pumped
Hey , speaking of material questions, aren't there some neat leather alternatives being used at NYPL? Want to know more...
RT : wear eye black to work tomorrow.
The feeling of success is always sweeter than the thought of thinking of if you would have done something to be successful! Leggo
of course
personal branding-played out
she already knew what I was up too.. hell I plays no games around this sap sucka! I Skipped school b/c of recess
Yes, there's truth in that, rw. People are blind to injustice they could actually do something about that would be inconvenient.
So excited packing sucks though ): I don't know why but days before school starts I'm always out of town talk about Deja vu !! ;)
get something to eat and clean up..might get me a drink probably...I need it
Trying to figure out my new phone and then heading to bite of las Vegas!
“: yo ass drunk.” yo ass green/fake but u still my nigga tho
guys, you guys are the best!
thank you love. just when i'm ready to start co-working w/you, you go to agency life :)
I had to learn the hard way. 50mm lens not good to #photograph a #protest. That will teach me not to double check prepacked equipment.
Agreed! Never underestimate the power of instructions when writing crowd content.
Rode the tandem 60 beautiful miles to camp at Kohler-Andrae SP.
yeah it was on there hm
So.....what's the verdict? Did it do justice to the book?
Wow, after years of functional languages, I keep forgetting "return" in Python. Why do I have to do this again?
aww thanks but your pretty amazing yourself and im veryy in love with you too(:
If I eat myself will I become twice as big or disappear completely?
I think I need a break from Facebook.
Legal Seafoods is an intriguing proposition.
multiple people on my TL are referencing it
Nothing seems to be working right now, off to bed!
;p <3 RT she aint lying;). “ You'll know passion when you get a kiss from me ;*”
What has happened to our world class goaltenders? Thomas beaten from 60 feet. #Bruins goalies need to step it up! Go B's!!
I love it ! YOu sound amazing ! as always <U+2665> I love you.
I think everyone finally found out what is gifted in a normal person couldnt do what he did Friday 27.2 miles.
Just wanted to send a word out the word. Our movie editor Ryan Anstett founder of Clockwork Cinema came in Tuesday.
not going to lie, a little jealous we aren't on the slopes 2day...then again, always so crowded on holidays. send us your fav gaper shot.
Favorite new band? RT Any questions for me?!? I'll tweet during the tail end of my walk!
Whose headed up to Canyon Road in Santa Fe this weekend forPassport to the Arts?
Yes. Grand opening is May 5.
That shirt Cheryl Miller is wearing is ugly. Maybe I need to dress her
like a church girl with those granny skirts? xD she slapped me look now I'll look like u xD I didnt ask ;)
Time to let it GO!*
Serenity now.
u better not or I'll stalk u! You r the boss! Who r we kidding!
Afternoon sessions have begun at #CloudFairSeattle!
Thought it was fantastic, yet again. Always look forward to each Monday's edition.
would love to have you back again, how come you've been gone so long? :)
yes dana dude answer ur phone we gotta hangout this week like legit
yeahh it should. I think John was telling me bout it. Lol
ur guys night ends there me an agens eded in a cop car but all turned out good
Oh dear Leonardo<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>, I shall sell you soon even when I treat you right you attack cops.<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
how do you like crossfit? I love it
Thanks for the shout out.
Syracuse, Kentucky, North Carolina and Marquette
At first i was thinking who would possibly want to shoot him now im thinking why would he want to end his life
Shout out to all my LOYAL Fans and supporters.
RT : & I will be riffing on our philosophies/approaches to pers./ind. learning, tonight at 8pm via Google+ Hangout.
Also we've changed our Daily Happy Hour Drink Specials!
Why is there a one-hit wonders box set featuring "Follow You Down"? Has no one ever heard of "Hey Jealousy"? I'm pointlessly frustrated.
When the one person you want to talk to is ignoring you <<<
School sucks
I hope you find your pug Chelsea she's a cute little thing. Hopefully someone brings her home safe.
The number of aerial drones the Pentagon has: 7,000. That number a decade ago: less than 50.
If you're into aliens, you should check out the documentary "Dan Aykroyd Unplugged on UFOs." It's available on Instant
relaxing night! =)
Decisions decisions...
Everyone is DONE-ZO. Guess that's what 70 degrees in November will do to ya!
After watching Mad Men, I end up hating men and feeling like I have lung cancer.
your welcome =)
Meet your new JFK-based IFC! Base bids came out today, but training continues <U+263A>
Damn I missed tweeting last night but and had me dying laughing. Yal are to much.
out off my friends im the only one who has brown eyes
You'll find me at the gym early tomorrow morning..
I have We Are Young stuck in my head
that sounds awful. I think maybe you need the coffee more then me then
it went really good! Can't wait for the show to come out
It must have been bring a brother to McDonald's of laplata today
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
A friend who earns 6-figures just requested a 10% discount that expired 3 weeks ago.
“: I am not a morning person. Do not pull the covers off me. I WILL KILL YOU.”
Yes bad things happen when you teach your children to murder other people. Why don't you teach your children peace?
Honesty, Openness, Willingness (HOW)
Got a lot to go through. I hope you'll like.
I want to be her boo lol
its trending WORLDWIDE
Berggren fouls out of the game with 17.2 seconds left. #Badgers up 73-68.
Gosh my bff is being real rude to me idnt think iwana be her friend
your niece is jealous!!!!
Attention: Old Man in the ENT waiting room: STOP grunting every time u turn a page of PEOPLE Magazine! From: The Musician w/ sensitive ears!
Beat the Buffs, Go Bruins!
I'm a hopeful creature. :-)
We're getting crap together for the 14th, it's going to be pretty big.. 2 main stages and an acoustic stage! Pizza! Drinks! WOOOH YEAH!
they always come back
I just saw Air Force One! My camera missed it though.
Thanks to the Academy Awards, I'm having a hard time falling asleep... Too busy crafting my acceptance speech for best actress in my head.
how come you aren't in the running for the A-list awards?!
Thanks! actually my grandfather so I re-posted.
We're excited to see you at the preview tomorrow!
just an fyi call for entries for #WOMEN #FILMMAKERS and #STUDENTS are now beeing accepted at www.pbwiff.com.
ya, get on yahoo messanger so we can IM faster. im devlincor
I knew I should have waited til the last day to post that. Lol
gotta love that hair #wickedawesome “: Al Michaels sporting the comb-over tonight.”
Category 4-I winner is WGN
#Lt that's the name of my first mixtape!!
Hi ! Moth Complex is now following your band :)
Getting a new laptop for Christmas? Make sure you're connecting on the fastest mobile internet possible! Call (361) 429-4758 to get CLEAR.
What would you like to see from #Dance #Chicago in the near future? Please, reply!
haha the problem is I've never really read a book before. But it's so good!
On site rockin' the Summit.
hey I got meet and greet tickets. What time should I go for that?
I feel ya. Hope you got a huge coffee!
I don't think ever sleeps!
Can someone PLEASE send me the link to the boyz' new interview
Deactivating my account again :D
this is why I refuse to let people get away with "not everyone is like you, Paddy"
See you then!
LOL...that would burn so badly....Coke in your nostrils
RT : All the boppers getting ready tonight for tomorrow... <- smart heauxs choose Aubrey, tho!
#Pittsburgh south side presby church. 1-3 pm. Buy a bag for $2 and take what fits in it! Rummage sale today. 20th and Sarah streets
hey duuuuc do you know bruce's email address?
bieberfusion. im not sure though
San Antonio: Warm, Muggy, & Breezy. AM sprnkls possible, otherwise not much rain, cap too strong. Today: Cloudy to m/cloudy, high 87
What kind of beer was the dog drinking?
": I love people who post every detail of their life on facebook, then get mad because people are 'in their business'."
Maybe you should start one “: #dallas ain't had a summer jam in 2 years but it's a top market for urban music”
will be providing some amazing beer for Tap Haven, make sure you’re there!
that's so cool! shukran! for tweeting my blog post! i'm new to twitter and appreciate it! salamaat and sahtein!
Work hard, workout.
OH on plane flight: "Well at least that Alex Baldwin isn't here to be mean to people"
;) you know it
People are stealing pictures off my locker -.-
Can you put nanoformats inside my microformats?
you're welcome :) Hope you get a birthday message from
She can love you good but I can fuck you better ;*
I got 99 problems but a weet ain't one!
you see Marin go down during the derby today? Bremen fan but I thought that was hilarious.
Congratulations to Tessa Michaelson Schmidt, newly hired Youth and Special Needs Consultant at the Division for Libraries in DPI.
I miss habby
Want to work in #China? Looking for Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, Technical Art Director, and a QA Engineer
Miss you already, blue birdie!
Can clai meet us at the movies bro?
hey catelynn! just found you on twitter and wanted to say i think you and are amazing ! love from ireland x
Lonely confused hurt and disappointed...glad i had a friend open my eyes
Thank you for the announcement! I am honored to be a part of this great organization!
#BillMurray - is What About Bob his best movie?
#ladies mind: Karma takes too long, so I'm just gonna beat the crap out of you now.
The fact that is in the same city and time zone is comforting...can you just stay forever or come to woodland hills biatch!!
that google guitar is plucking crazy.. i been trying to play twinkle twinkle for the last 15 minute..
i just poked myself in the eye
Even though Im a Yankee fan.Im glad the O's are playing as great as Camden Yards looks. Beautiful place to see a game
Governor Dodge and Wyallusig!
Still can't hear. Wah.
feb 1st is open for you.
AHAHAHAHA memories, my MOTTO is fuck school, make money, get drunk & smoke some grapes! I be saying the most off the wall shit at times lmao
I love watching my kids grow up! Pete is so smart and Pipes is a whoot!
you'd say the same thing if you saw it.
is on set today for Eps. 3 "My Life in Facebook"
It's a keeper.
About to head out for a morning run with my 12yo cousin. I bet she can run faster and longer than me...
Social Studies and Music teachers will be learning about GoGo and jamming with guest GoGo artists tmrw!
Happy Post Thanksgiving from lovely Hollywood California!
Starting with new clients this week - love it!
do you have a good nduja recipe?
WEST VIRGINIA WINS | Regardless of final score, the WVU/Marshall series is good for the state.
it always comes back to that :)
lets go.. where at?
Everyone follow
i think its a rumor about Suge Knight killing
“: that's why I fired her last month! #Uninstall ha!” what u have now? Ur fired if unsay
Oh boy, that may be ballgame.
I cnt live with out him :(
Hates his employees
ALA reduced wrinkles in 34 women around 54 yrs old.
Anyone else experiencing the madness that is finals week? Good luck!
If you get Cheetos & orange sherbet it'll be orange day!!! (Orange day is the best--we used to have it at Luther.) She'll love it!
no u not single who told u that shit
haven't been there for 15 years so I was just wondering. Enjoy!
always ready!
I agree
You're in Charlottesville?! At HotCakes?! Hello from just up the street! Are you enjoying your stay?
Your awkwardness is adorable:)
A chaotic computer switch in United-Continental merger - Chicago Tribune
": i don't even like to smile....it makes people look at me. like, a pic...ok..but in person...no"smiling is over rated..
I was trying to cross broadway today at 5 & there was a jobs march, pretty cool. Couldn't cross BWay so I joined for a block & then crossed
Thank you mock DUI for letting me miss my two worst classes
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
#watching back ...checkout the free download link
Smdh. Screw u
We came up with a VERY comical new super hero today, but you have to message me if you want to know more about it.
you don't have any got damn friends! If so they must be just as weird as you or jus feel sorry for ur lame ass!
Way to go man! Teach me!
#PeopleShouldStop trying so hard to be different that they end up being the same as everyone. lmao. Just be you!
thanks so much! If you haven't got a ticket yet, we'd recommend it; there aren't too many left.
I think I will check it out and I will let you know if it is on dvd.Tweet you tomorrow. Glad to hve you as a follower.
TANKS-GIVING
Always, as I work with another, I am also working with myself.
that's code for you el son
holy shit. Congrats.
Enjoyed watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi in LA followed by eating at Sushi Sushi in BH. Great times.
Jersey shore reunion = Jerry springer show
Malarky's this Saturday with Slow Burn and us. Awesome raffle items, all going towards a great cause.
Love being home with my family, makes me realize what the important things in life are
They are! I die.
Every year some wacky opportunity coincidentally comes up around my birthday, wonder what this year will bring
wish I was there!!
My heart goes out to da Gary Coleman Family.... We all share ur los. My God Bless U
Last chance to get your Troma on! 'Class of Nuke'em High' today at 3pm. Free popcorn and sleaze. Happy Halloween!
tourists are invading my city. help
My bf says to me "your such a little gossip" ...is that a bad thing? ;)
Russell has 11! I hate when ignorant ass people try to talk stats about players and then bring up Rings! Rings aren't individual
allyouneedolga.webstore.com if you don't buy from here you spend too much. Link is on my profile follow me i follow back
been working like a hebrew slave getting paid like a mexican lol...I miss you though!!!
I REALLY want to call this girl out right now, but let me not.
ah a nice cold #MillerLite!
Headed to lake Poway for a nice Sunday hike!
First night home alone since the baby was born. I'm having an old fashion and a cigar on the deck. What do you do to enjoy life?
I'm doin pretty good. Lmao naw no tacos today pretty lady
N on Hwy 19 until becomes I-181. Cont until U get to I-81 and go left to Knoxville.. Total approx 125 miles.
You didn't HAVE to - though it is the polite thing to do . . .
Of course it is. But he was cut from the UFL & CFL. Highly doubt NFL will be calling.
I don't know why would you?!? :P
I still don't get why has a better as than me...-Kelly
You too love the new picture...
I don't suppose you'd consider moving to TX and representing us here, would you?? We sure could use you!
I don't wanna give you a taste of your own medicine, I wanna pour it down your throat and watch you choke on it
Emotions and health are intimately tied together. The breath is the best tool for taking control of your emotions
WoW, the Hawks beat the Magic... Dang, Chi Town gonna kill em. Boston vs Chicago for the Right to face the #LAkers in the Finals
Not helping.
We were together for a year and you Like ALL of one of my bestfriends pictures, hell no
I want someone to talk to me, DM me mention me or something. Plz
I forgot to go to parenting class...welp I had a long day anyways. I'll go next time
Amen! RT We ate dinner last night and it was dang good. The best bacon & beets in town.
Way too honest. Biting my tongue more starting....... Ow.
You're being a good husband. Keep up the good work. lol
Oh its to the clippers. Still siiickk
how your doing? How is life?
Looking forward to your vetting of private citizen Brian Slagle. Glad you're standing up to the little guy.
Lets make it happen..thursday sounds lovely
maybe he is, I had to leave after that stunt. How's every thing in the city of Angels today?
My baby got slimed tonight!!(: Howd it feel?
I love you for being born this way! Looking good! :) Your fan!
Elmington Park today from 11am-6pm...you might even get lucky enough to get some GREEN fried cornbread for St Patricks Day :)
Hey Jordan! Danielle may have been on 4 seasons ago BUT that doesnt mean we dont care . and like she cant make NEW friends this season
In honor of our 60 years in Tucson we're going to do our first give away once we reach 60 followers. Help us get there! #Naughton's
An old acquaintance severed burn the world your last endeavour
Classic IDM remakes tutz (aphex!), VST / plug-ins you recommend, song construction (theory), more genre-specific tips for IDM ty
#mw2012 #FlashGordon I almost attacked in the hall, just to fawn over her dress...
So glad to see you & catch up at dinner tonight!
Self-determination is fine but needs to be tempered with self-control
Takes an hour for my mom to "check out" 3 stores. Come on I'm starving
I want to! Fixed it ;P
Someone please shoot me has never watched Pirates of the Caribbean.! WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON??!!!
bout to Skype with the boo!<3
TGIF! We hope you all have a great weekend and stop in to see us for drinks, dinner, or Sunday brunch!
That sad moment when you see someone hot & know your never gonna see them again ):
just did
! thank you for the re-tweet Dan. I'm always flattered to get one from you. Have a great weekend :0)
I got a shot in my left arm and i cant move it!D:
Ill might not go to school tomorrow.
Looking forward to Brewers/Cubs game tonight. Apparently I'm the only lady going to the game and this shuttle is NOT happy about it.
Agreed. One of the most scary, dangerous things people can say about you in Mormonism is that you're "questioning".
Really excited about the new creations! Keep me posted
Four Free of charge Sources For Tiny Organization Marketing Report by Brian May One particular of the most challenging eleme
Willie Colon has T-Rex arms! He gets holding penalties at the worst times every game! IDK why they gave him that contract.
real gratitude, but I had a pretty good birthday otherwise, thanks!
Yo FAM! Much love to our girl W/ Brooklyn 11223!
When your 'Going Through' don't forget the most important part...You Are "Going THROUGH' which means U will make it out in Due Time.
I went with Chinese instead.
Casey Mears spins, catches Trevor Bayne. caution out. Lap 176
F#%>Ing stock market mess with me today
Evil is back tonight! you know where I'll be at 2am!
S/O to for being so funny and a great friend
the problem w that: not enough time if we have more than 5 groups, which happened in the past. Duly noted, though.
#LoveIt From on Facebook: 'Word to your mother.'
Da Music I Got 4 Dis New Track Is Goin Good.. But Im Tryna Make Id Beta/Perfect Doe. Want Id 2 Be A Crowd Pleaser Lbs.
The DTP/ CONJURE TOUR/ SHOWCASE CONTINUES IN BELOIT WI APRIL 29... ARE U NEXT
Yeah...public transport to Columbia, MD = NOT an easy thing!!!
How about ? So yummy for lunch :)
The greatest compliment any ever gave me. "U inspire me 2 do more w my life"... I'm startin 2 get that more often<U+263A>
I'll do what I can. Isn't there a nice park a block from the Wheaton Public Library? Mentally place yourself there.
“: nothing much bruh hoping the hawks can this win.”<~~We will
I adore Jeff Goldblum!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers11
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!
hahaha true true RT“: "Add me on Twitter" yep , you're new.”
awwhh well thanks(: but it seems like only girls think that and no guys...
it knows me!
I know! So funny! #TheVoice!
I would hope so, watch Bob's Burgers then
Gah! #Days turning me into a weepy fool.
Where did you leave to? I feel like you told me but I forgot. RT : snow? I left just in time
John Harrison is the shadiest EVER! Worse than Stu Feiner and Randizzle combined! He will not be back here!
man this is gonna be a good one... Or a bad one if yalls bench shows up too
you're absolutely right. sum1 may "know" hardship, but not understand how to solve it. i was just saying 2 separate things:...
happy bay trey
Make a wish
To live at the top of a massive storm. To ride the clouds & winds. To see forever. To never fall. To fly to heaven, to breathe, ever free.
watching the Oscars
aw dats sweet then
Transformative.RT : Please fill in blank w/ 1 word that sums up experience for you. "Reading is ________"
My grandma calls my music "shit", yet she sings along and taps her foot?
Just gonna have bitch fits on twitter all day. Sounds good.
ew, tomorrow is monday.
"The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted. But the future can be change"
Gouda cheese tastes so much better with red grapes!
Thank You.
Yeah. I love your name I have never heard that name.
Yeah, I don't really know what I'm saying... I did that yesterday too haha
So close to 300 thanks #TeamShady :)
really bitch. because i wont be there. get your shit straight.
Thanks. You too.
STEVE STEVE STEVE STEVE they're here
We're half way through our #TwitterParty with Keep your questions coming!
finishing up proposal for #ASCD13 today!
You mean she's being a political opportunist and only serving her agenda? Sounds very... typical. ;)
Good article on Kerbisher, I love that place.
: I just discovered your blog and will look forward to future installments. Keep up the important work!
The sad thing is I won't even be missed when I'm gone.
Perrish Cox in courtroom now. With attorney Harvey Steinberg. A lot at stake here.
SKIPPED SILENT WHEN WE SPEAK BECAUSE IT'S DEPRESSING.
RT : Walker spokesman: We are confident the state will prevail in its plan to implement [voter] photo ID.
Also, TT, #gimmeshelter is the best Stones' song, IMHO :)
If we r not in digital humanities Humanities we don't know how to move beyond 20 min paper. Need help.
i repaired my 'broken' car heater. and all i had to do was open my air vents. whodathunkit?
Time for coffee #2, #1 did nothing for me as usual.....
Enjoying every minute, yet sad it will soon end. Will likely be back in July/Aug as well. :-)
S/O Itz Alleyway TO Broadway...
If you want to listen to "Many Waters/Many Floods" for the FREE! You can. Its now on Spotify! Share it with yo friendz
I am am still really enjoying "The 4-hour workweek" book though & will have it done soon & doing as much as I can. Then re-reading
Love is... Staying up all night making a list of karaoke duets to sing together. And giggling at the really cheesy ones.
Thank you
cam on
ima hit ya email cheack it when u get a chance
The show was #Amazing! :D I now know why everyone has been crazy about it.
do u hate me
Bought a new shirt today at #dressbarn, very happy to see it was made in the USA.
always drama on the one- I think of it as theatre in the round.
we've already beaten OKC twice, LA, and other playoff contender teams this season and with D-Rose out there's still a chance
so awesome.
Finally gonna see W.E. Better late than never.
My mom and I were just discussing how stupid furry boots look with shorts. Translation: don't ever do this.
History proves classicists can design great modernist buildings, but beware of asking a modernist to design something classical!
I need a volunteer to work the door and check ID's at Saturday's show.
Hey, I'm with you and Mr. Jakes--I could use a sprinkle my way for it's all about the blood of Jesus.
The #mswalk2012 was a success!
ahh, fair enough!! well, Belle is my fave disney princess!!
Thank you, yes, It was quiet wonderful.
I meant to say "I'd appreciate a Google + invitation" if you have any left.
Hey, thanks Elis! You too, buddy. Every day. RT : Thanks for the RT! Since High School you continue to Bless others!
Watching a movie in our bus :) We play TONIGHT at Middleton High School homecoming! Doors open at 7:30!
2012: The Year Of The Lane Violation
I need , Not having the BEST day right now :'(
got our yearbook today. <U+2764>
hey hey (:
mine is killing me. Where you moving?
yes! Lol you first!
Hey, what's up?
I'm twitter jail
I might just do that :)
Quincy Acy is 4 for 6 from the field. The rest of Baylor's roster is 4 for 20.
yeah I've made that same point repeatedly over the yrs. The rate at which they've increased prices is ridiculous
and one day,I will get followed by because I will never give up on something I love<3
With my favorite girls at :)
and starting a new play. So very happy with the current situation
thanks for the follow.....
Congrats Bitz for being the 100th 'like' and winning a shirt of your choice :)
theres a 1 in 21 million chance that you will notice me and follow me, but i love you so much <3
Thank you so much for your help. Will let you know how it goes!
don't think I can wait another 3 hours!!!! I'm so excited:-) #boyfriend <3
Lakers vs. Thunder. I'm going with Okc
First "its" at work...now "its" cats in the alley. I just can't get away from "it".
Starting with #IronMan, then. If nothing else, I do enjoy it's intro: howling desert silence suddenly filled by "Back in Black."
seriously?? That sucks:/
yeah. Trying to get out as much as I can before friends start going away...
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship. -
That sticky-icky purple stuff! #RigRigRig RT : These Refs On That BS Tonight!
Summer tease...it's already glorious out and starting today, we've got your Sunday hangover covered. Open 12pm-4pm!
#legalmarketing Do you want to have your own practice? You must start with the mindset to be Alpha male/female and cultivate these traits
u dont have to try all i need is to be with u(: then im set for life(:
come get a Hangover Destroyer tomorrow if needed :))) or an Invincibility to get ya through the cold weekend!
Blazer fans...sport tweets...what do you think of Gerald Wallace trade?
Glad to know the true you
"Fried Neckbone and Some Home Fries". Hot tune. Thank you KJAZZ for playing this track. A perfect way to end a work day.
good luck in the Jungle!
wow thanks
in that part of town, the over under on kids is 4 lol
Did you do the AE 2 for $200 sale?
Let's get fucked up and die.
Nothing like a warm bowl of cream of wheat on a cold snowy morning to make you feel all warm inside!!
thank you :)
Thank you, Rob! :O)
World champ dies at US swim camp
February 21st (Day 21) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
and he wants a school that "isn't too big". OSU and Michigan are great choices!
Today was a very light day. Wish you were there, I got new and intense workouts. Ready to get you back ready!
Matt Levy thanks for visiting our Museum today with your bike team enthusiasts :)
I've decided that I want to be a banjo tech
oh my goodness middle school drama club was litterly the best thing ever :P
Why the hell do I not have Back to the Future on DVD?
Hello new followers!
“: definitely saw a man masturbating in the window across from me tonight.” & I def was on the phone w/u when that happened
My tree ring moment at #UClead was learning to choose my own adventure!
it's paper from 53 studios
Now let me hear that bass. WHHAAAAA
Games shouldn't be decided by refs calls. They should be decided by teams getting an unfair advantage because refs aren't making calls.
Not a fun feeling but keep your head up & keep smiling! Everything will get better
Thank you for the RT and mention. Much appreciated.
But not THE DARK CRYSTAL? RT : Starts Friday at Sundance: DARK SHADOWS & IN DARKNESS.
"If we have no PEACE, it is because we have forgotten that WE BELONG TO EACH OTHER." MOTHER TERESA Just practiced on rush hour subway crowd.
And if u should find yrself awake during the wee hours Friday nite/Saturday am, tune into 91.7 WMSE in Milwaukee from 3-6am to hear my mix!!
“: I hate Mondays...mainly because they exist.”
honestly just when him and Ben perform together at the church, it was so genuine and a beautiful moment! Love the
RT Feeling gross without my regular cross fit exercise hours.
My iPhone corrects shosty to Shostakovich
Thank you for following us. We have developed a computerless, digital textbook and wonder if we should collaborate.
Time for some retail therapy.
": True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence." Ya hear that
that's the most productive thing u said on here today. Thank u LOL
Friday night: I'm in my pj's eating Cheerios watching the movie Bridesmaids. Either the best night ever or the most pathetic, not sure which
Sometimes, what I want; I don't get. What I expect; never happens. And what I hate; keeps repeating.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Rock & Rita's to see us rock out with 13Years. A good time was had by all, we hope.
Thank you for following us! Watch for specials (like the 50% off deal we tweeted earlier today) to save big on dental care!
We're jumping aboard the crazy train that is injecting unintential humor into the work day one tweet at a time.
Hi, thanks for reaching out!
Oh, yeah -- I'd definitely check it out. Also see THE BACK OF THE NAPKIN by Dan Roam on visual communication.
Aww, very cute. 2 year olds are way fun! Good luck to him :D
I'm hoping for a high scoring game on the Pens end since it's Nashville. Have fun! Where are you sitting?
Happy Birthday, Despite what says, eat tons of pie today!
follow me follow me follow me please <3
Freedom Makes You Beautiful. I am dying. omfg
I'm cooln just got off wrk wer u from
I HATE THAT. Console yourself with a moment of respite by the waterfall. So calming...
haha we'll be all like "OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO CANADA AH HOLD ON LET ME GET SOME TISSUE BOXES" haha (;
Join us at our Charleston location this Saturday for "Support Your Local' Saturday" - Featuring beers from the Bridge Brew Works!
boys are dumb.
I have to copy that, after I had some Margarita Mint Juleps...
BAHA when I found it j was like.... Of course...
Then tomorrow its 's Grand Opening of her New Boutique!! Chicago Fashion is #Winning right now!!
I don't knoiw why but whenever I get a 17 magazilike reading those traumas lpl
Dr. Dre is a genius for that idea!
Happy Birthday! <U+E046> I just called your cell... probably still sleeping..talk to ya later!
Closer to my DREAMS.....God is good.
Checking out Team Interactive's event tonight to benefit NYC youths.
but where are the potatoes from?!?!?!
beautiful out.
can't believe my baby girl is 13 today. she is truly a miracle; born at 26 weeks. she gave a new meaning to early #christmas present
And so the pay offs begin ...
#amazingwomen Laysha Ward -president of Community Relations for Inspiring at #aam2012 keynote event
ok #sourcecon attendees. My flight was cancelled and will no be there. I will be GLUED to the live stream & tweets!!
"O Lord Jesus"Rom. 10:9; 12b-13"&rich to all who call upon Him;For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
Sanchez and the 16th will really get you the 4th.
#mansitchoazzdown RT : y'all may not know but and are two upstanding members of our community!
I just finished a 10.0 mi run with a pace of 8'29"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Every minute we procrastinate is a dollar gone...
happy birthday!!! :D
How can my fellow NM condone policies that are designed not to protect us but rather pit us against one another. Time for a real dialogue.
love you to :)
people smell
The awkward moment when you thought battle of the bands was live karaoke
Google + is really taking off... I just commented on a post that was made July 5.
Oh. So you were just teasing *us*. :D
Great game tonight! Excited to see the team go out and play so well!
Last day in #WestTexas. Woke up and saw that the irrigation canals are flooded from San Solomon Springs. Water in the desert is beautiful.
hehehe! you're welcome! hehehe! lets have another day like this again. ;)
Craving a diesel bad. Gonna get one. Go Pack
already listens two times dld from iTunes Tuesday kid
poor tortured early 80s gays.
In less than 4 hours, registration has exceeded its Day 1 registration total from last year. Make sure to secure your spot now!
word cloud idea is AWESOME, hadn't thought of that for some reason. Will def use as a starting point at least.
Working late but happy!
Going to see #TheAvengers this weekend!
Working on interview guide to submit with IRB proposal.
Niall's mom, , just RTed me. Holly coww. I'm dead. <3
Shout Out To My New Follwers Appreciate The Follow!! :D
Thanks for the RT!
knee felt a little better today during legs & back; have to see how it responds to twisting tomorrow during kenpo
thank u very much<3<3
This game sucks
fill us in on journal articles that caught your interest, tweet from conferences, help us improve r signal/noise ratio.
Work. Classes. Workout. Sleep. REPEAT...
To all my followers help me out... trying to get 25 more followers by midnight...
"Big Nigga" is back and I can't focus.
Don't you want to be someone someday? /cc
Strawberry waffles this morning :) I love.
maybe another john mayer cover awaits us :)?
My moms being really greedy with her new IPad -.-
so I guess that leaves me 'Smokin Weeden'.
Vin these chicks here in Detroit say they DTF all day bro!
Oh no...please just be a bruise Gamel.
Yeah, great point. That's my feeling too. Better that than nothing.
Nice come back to sweep the Giants :)
thank you for staying in Indy to perform at the Memorial Ceremony . Shows the type of person you are. Thank u!
Lunch with
I can't wait to be back in Columbus for the summer
voted in elections! excited to vote for :)
How bad is it to quit a job without giving two weeks notice?
We will be at Carowinds Amusement Park for the opening of Windseeker today. Stay tuned to our Facebook page for the latest updates!
Reluctant to join Twitter but here I am :/
Yep, they're next. Thought I'd ask Twitter and Facebook contacts first.
A little heartbroken right now. How am I supposed to do this? My poor baby is gonna be so sad. I need money bad!
Life is good
1 thing tht didn't change bout me tho is tht ima pull mii grades up as much as I can!
With googling what circumcised means LMFAO
L2 for my girl 's bday party, a yacht party in October in the rain...the night is a blank canvas and I'm breaking out the paint.
but waste 5 bars wit non sense sounds wwaaakkkkkiiiiii
Customer reviews will rule the Internet very soon. Searching for an out-of-town florist and eliminating any with negative reviews
10 cents times you age off any invoice today, what a deal! call me and I'll be right over
You're welcome!
have you ever mad cheese yourself?
I love love love love love austin i justin <3
Looking forward to rehearsal. I've got new songs I'm adding to the set list!! :-)
By the end of the War of 1812, there were 500 registered American privateers.
Thanks for the follow, Sarah. Look forward to your tweets.
wished you could have celebrated turkey day with us too!
ive been saying it. a dark horse will come in and grab him. (ex. #Packers getting Reggie White) i still think Texans best bet
Fuck u dude u can stay where u are but I'm gonna keep moving because u're just picking out the negative in what I say not the positive
Checkout Our Music video On youtube!! supra-My dreams Are Our dreams! We're Twin Rappers..Make sure to check it out...thanx!!
I am hearing NYG LB's are banged up...down to their 4th/5th stringers. Who's starting at LB week 13?
Just heard my name mentioned on #KUT. They called me an "author." Makes me feel like I need a smoking jacket & pipe.
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com come visit us.
(Side Tweet: First time back on actual Twitter site for a long time. Separate interactions and mentions? Yipes. Back to Tweetdeck! -CV)
My grandmother bought a freakishly gigantic jar of pickles. What in the world? Who does that?
Tomorrow is monday...no.
Endtroducing..... - DJ Shadow
Appliance Recycling Program Opens in West Penn Power Territory - Business Review India (press release)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>Uh, can't think of anything else right now. ...Be well.
with the late TD for the Broncos! Not close to over.
Hey Zombie Crawlers! Remember to bring non-perishable food items on saturday for Food Bank of the Rockies
#SmartRegulations to prevent FinancialFraud help us ALL.
"Children aren't the Church of tomorrow....they're the Church of today!" Pastor John Hatcher
Time to be proactive and productive again. Rats.
Yez...We'll be there! You?
: There is no REAL salsa night in that area! They all advertise salsa but give you a lot of cumbia and other stuff.
The worst--signal is bad inside for ATT RT In a tech workshop and phone keeps losing service. Boo.
Your teacher wasn't qualified then! ha,
Make fun of fat people. Are you fucking kidding me? Let people live their own lives!
thanks so much!!!!!
Nice save. Lmao. Thanks. :)
Okay. Thanks for letting me know. I haven't made the switch yet...I probably should...
cold plasma body has tighten midsection skin, smooth pregnancy scars. face cold plasma has made my skin flow, clear, even toned
i inboxed you on fb, jalen told me to tell u something.
this nat gerographic documentary is great tonight
. Why is focus on time to degree misguided?
RT : Solid weekend with and Thankful for their ministry to the Church.
In the midst of doing network wiring for the first time since the late 90s. All I gotta say is: crimpin’ ain’t easy.
I guess the one against the Mets didn't count RT : The New York Yankees franchise have won a total of 26 World Series titles.
We miss you!
Just want to sleep
agree with u on that!!
Playin with my new android pad. Soo sick!
If I walked through your door, where would I be?
I am always lost: no 1 tells me anything ;-(
when u coming to Cali
watching the packer game with the fam. recovering from my food coma.
each ticket is 60 dollars.. I wish you could go!
I need a temporary home for a stray dog I found tonight! I'm plastering WeHo with signs tomorrow, but my dogs are going crazy! Please HELP
Today's the last day for Early-Bird pricing. Discount code HATCHMARK. Get 'em while they're cheap!
Are you in Arizona still. Just wondering?
I agree 100% with that statement.
These shorts don't have any pockets so I have to carry my phone around like a girl :/
YESSIR! Equality Rules when the Nine is missing..if 6 was 9...Peace!
I hope so!! You can prob watch it on YouTube
what the hell, Nuggets?
Today is Watermelon Mt. Ranch party & Mutt Strutt 10-3! No-kill shelter near new Cleveland High in Rio Rancho.
Poor girl can't hang with the big dogs. lol She's cute. I want cookies.
baby girl, those are some sweet words! you and your sister are nothing short of God's demonstrative grace to daddy and I. xxxooo
I basically stayed up all night watching videos and also videos from ABDC.
ain't you from Chicago too?
I think Lackey's better than Lester right now...but I can't really see him sustaining it...he's perennially inconsistent.
Haha, it is. I guess he figured that enough Jews had already written Christmas songs.
hope you are feeling better
Guys, if you can't treat her right, don't be surprised when someone else does. *True*
Let's please keep Romney from becoming president
Easy chicken salad: 2 cooked chk breasts, shredded; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 2 TB mustard, S&P, halved grapes, chopped celery
Where will you be on SATURDAY, MAY 14, 2011? PEACE DAY 2011 Everything is FREE! EVERYTHING! Food! Gifts! Entertainment! Games! FUN!!!
Happy Mother's Day beautiful!! Looking foward to the new show,mad love always!!
Thank so much to Shawndell Marks, Sexy Ester and the Pretty Mama Sisters, Matrioska and Madtown Dynamite!!!! You all rocked the house!
In god I put my trust and faith :). Good morning....
#Deputy Secretary of State #Dr. #Williams Burns addresses the invited guest on this historic and memorable day.
“: Fix the mics.” Oh, good. I thought that was coming from my speakers.
That's great news! Glad we could be there for you daughter's care.
I told em I made at turn to fast
there is a substitute I an sure
how did smith do at the golden gloves tourney?
no, someone hacked our account. Changed password. You might want to look over your account as well.
Cheesecake making session is on your, calendar! MUAH.
Does anyone know the hashtag for the American Association of School Librarians (AASL) National conference in Minneapolis, in October?
Well this rice pudding taste like a huge piece of shit. You can have it.
I am looking forward to my brothers babyshower this weekend. :) planned by yours truly ...haha.
I'm never on twitter anymore :(
Nosey people always catch an attitude when other people are "in their business"!! Karma is amazing to watch :)
everytime im on you take a nap! :P
RT : Occupy protesters on move. Now reported at 16th and Market.
Know when you're laughing, but it's ~2 secs away from tears?? Haha, realize we're not performing rocket science but can't get a win today!
well it fits! She's pretty! She can sing! And she is hilarious!!!
well what??
I think they close at 9. We have plenty of time.
no to what? lol
I got something u need u to do for me!
Thanks so much! Very much enjoyed meeting with
thanks for the tip on tune in radio! this includes 92.3 and WKNR. all in one app!
Orange is so retarded.... Snows no delay or anything... Smh -_-
All activites/workshops 's Pasifika Living Arts Showcase are #FREE!
all I meant was 'when it aired' not live
How did it go?? RT My cousin is having his big meeting with bp today regarding the boats. Keep your fingers crossed
Thanks for all the RT love, Richard.
Dj shadow and this Wednesday in #NYC. I'm a drive myself nuts working these shows
If you don't give that then idk what you're doing with your life lol.
Os baby, tough loss for caps, now Lakers nuggets game 7...
Good point. Funny: I have much weaker inhibitions about declaring a new utility class than I have about stray C functions.
We try to share the DEV love in as many states as possible. #Slowandsteady then
don't hesitate. it really is amazing.
Don’t forget we’re giving away a new 16gb iPad tomorrow during the NCAA Championship Game. Stop in to win!
shut up.
well hope you dont forget about me eventhough you dont kno me lol, naw but focus on you and your future, pretty lady!!
Mystery. Solved. RT They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse. THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
what happen with Madison.??? #Confuse :/
I want to see that Duncan pass again, even though Leonard fucked up the finish
#imagine austin standing outside your house screaming im in love with *yourname* -anna
Jammin some Katy Perry feeling like a g right now
Do you have opportunities for artists? E-mail them to for our online opp listing!
Nothing much!! Was up with u??
Night night
I swear I'm walking with god, but the devil keep following.
Check out photographer Bobby Neel Adams' "photo-surgery" technique, piecing together fragments of couples, aging and family. (1/2)
have fun. they call to us too.
I don't use, but you can sync you iPad to it I think..
Chick-Fil-A is the GOAT fast food!
Ok, but it might work out because I'm having to review and edit a bunch of new R&B material.
TAKE ME WITH YOU!!!! -Janan
Sure! Let us know how we can help.
Can anyone suggest a good task list app for iPhone? The reminders list is a sucker mc.
thanks & thanks for coming! Yeah was pretty god ! Suffering now though ha mid week gigs are sumin else ! X
I have that picture. But need to put it to group vote.
thanks for the follow! the book looks powerful... will have to add it to our library!
Yes, unfortunately 10.6+ only at this point. Nice to meet you.
Mega Million - $640,000,000. My odds are one in 176 million. I THINK I WILL TAKE THOSE ODDS!
We want to come out and see! Let us know when. We are jazzed!
It's Rubie Tuesday! ! Time for two piercings for the price of one!
- Albert Einstein
Talkin bout art with ... Accept it and you'll see that it's a masterpiece
RT : "I'm not in it to hang in tough and give a valiant effort, I play basketball to win." - Have to love his fire.
I will always love and support 110%<3 I have been here since May and will be here until the end!
Thank GOd !!!!!!! 7 weeks and i can get outta HAVILAND THANK U JESUS!!!
Muted reactions to French/Greek elections on Wall St. Key averages see modest losses. Dow DN 40 pts in first half-hr.
My TweetDeck columns are in desperate need of updating and organizing!
Fine also! Thanks and have a good weekend!
I Hate Being Ignored ;(
Got home & found pkg on porch but an expected one. Instead, 4 free books for me! Almost makes up for not having hot water until Mon.
Today's Q: Is it safe to let my kids stay in the pool all day if they put on a t-shirt after a couple hours and reapply sunscreen?
went to my first City Council meeting today!
yeah they wil
sincerely thanks you for your wonderful B-Day wishes!
Its Day1 of Chicago's Fashion week! Though condensed in2 a weekend this yr there is still a lot 2 buzz about www.chicagofashionresource.com
Good Morning to you all.
"Think big" - Skeeter
I don't know if I should be offended or not.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats natural stupidity - unknown hi-tech enthusiast.
they have that shit PATENTED.
I be on that krypt tonight
come up one game I've got 2 season tix I'll let u use one
I only forgive once, so be a good boyfriend <3
Anne Hathaway sports a British accent in One Day, also opening this weekend... interesting for sure. Isn't it based on a book or something?
What's the best way to deal with a government budget deficit? (Funding cuts, new taxes, elimination of tax cuts, etc)
Hiya new #VINTAGE luvbugs
#NP Dirty Little Secrete <U+2764> this song never gets old!!
Waiting to start work, slept good today. Guess it was a hot one, well later.
KU for the win! #SDSU redemption.
Al Kersha~ No matter what you believe it doesnt change the facts.
15 minutes into the workday and my boss has made multiple asshole comments about our work ethic. well shit, back to the grind...
cabaret was amazing!! Can't wait to see A Christmas Carol!
an example would be like the vintage album on your flickr.
Never seen so many horse crossing signs in my life..lol! Love Tarpon Springs.
ok now says #redskins got Pierre Garcon....this past hour has been absolutely crazy with #nba trades and #nfl signings
RT : Crews from Santa Rosa area & NMSF responding to a large grass fire south of Blue Hole. Est. 40 acres.
between legs !
Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it.
hahaha you would pick up on that! Oh ally...
The Woman In Black #ScariestMovieEVER!!!
Thanks for the check in! How was everything?
'The Repair', 'Chord', 'Terms of Employment' and 'Face-to-Face' will be showing at 7PM at #OldeTownStadium too!
Come see Inherit The Wind tonight at 7:00! Only 5 bucks! Aw yeaaaahh!
For us it's worth it. But ur right MT : Its a tough decision for business, Chicago is expensive but has more resources.
Just ordered my customized laptop, now I'm officially broke for a while !
#Yougetpointsif you actually acknowledge that im a GIRL
's Sr. Director says it's not trade OR aid. They go hand in hand.
Alright!!!!!!! Where them casting calls at?! Don't no one got money to keep having to sign up to memberships. To piss me off and shit.
Having more trouble tweeting than I did last year but glad to see others having more success
There is a mosquito (s) in my room and I am about to start screaming
I've been to Target, Walmart, FYE, and Best Buy and still can't find #SecretsDontMakeFriends it better be in Hot Topic!
that wld explain why I've not seen them! Perhaps commoners wld have them in parks or at gated entrance to cities?
They NEED to resign Schaub soon, so they have more leverage.
lmao are ur plates good now
Ha! How do you think of these things!
You are a cinema, I could watch you forever.
Trying everyday they tweet! (:
Dis One Finger I Could Make You get Off The Chain Get To Lickin And My Hands They Get They Own Brain
“: Gluttony is a sin. I know ya ass been to Golden Corral.” lmaooo!!
ima run right out and buy it a uterus! #stankface?
Got kicked out ha
Martha Wright "LOVE YOUR ENEMIES" N DOES THAT HURT U LET GOD DEAL WITH THEM AS LONG AS U HAVE PEACE IN UR HEART......
we watched a documentary in economics and meryl streep was in it. I had to hold myself back from screaming
okay , thanks you
man nigga that wasn't even clever lol I still got us in 7 man.
Done working for the night. Time for a movie then some video games.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
RT : Yup, you'll see me tonigh at #BASHH wearing this awesome shirt from , becoming FAMILIAR with people....
Isn't that just chocolate milk?
nothing lol talking to u on facebook and twitter and listening to Lighters lol
quicker service please!
I am so tired.
shit I'm about to do the nasty nasty
Wild, right? The real kicker is that he a strong producer...doing more business that his 47yo grandson!
Anyone use location-based "social networking" srvcs? BrightKite, Google Latitude, Foursquare, etc? Curious if there's critical mass yet.
Sometimes, I feel like there's just this great weight hanging over me. Hanging over all of us, really. Then I realize it's just Canada.
hey! awesome! shoot me an email at and I'll fill you in! thanks so much!
sent you four more records..Thanks for listen
Check out this man named Lindsey Williams. The plan for the dollar. By 2011 our dollar will hold no weight in the world. People that no ...
HOLY CRAP CONGRATS! we will have so many lunches, yes??
u notice everyone but me :'( I freaking love you
yes sir how about yourself?
Today is one of those happy dad days... both girlies are being GREAT!!! Polar opposite of yesterday's freak show. Phew!!
spidey-sense tells me a k baker blog post will be in the works for this (as if you don't have enough to do!)
thanks for the share Josh.
Ooh, they collected them? That's interesting!
oh,Alrightt. second?
Oh, how I wish that were me!
cleaning house and bangin' my music
I guess we live in the same boat then! Hahaha!!
yup sounds like zayn
“: wdup wit that collab???” lets do it man!! Picka time n place
haha, sarcasm is not much different. It's okay, I can work with you to solve this problem
I don't think I've shared this here on twitter, but I just bought my first home woohoo! So thankful and excited :D
And they're off.. the start of the 1/2 marathon at night in !
I know right. So would the look on the mother's face :)
a day off is needed right before a winning streak! Hit em hard tomorrow Stewie!! Go Rox!
Blow'n bubbles on the porch. For like an hour. Kid still spellbound.
Nice event Nelson #BodyandSoul.it's a must read!
Omaha it is.
Just updated ; Still sucks. , the HTML5 switch killed this once great platform.
We accept the challenge! This Monday!!
So excited for Ant and Frank and their new house! Can't wait to see Frankie pretty much every night for the next 6 weeks :)
just keeping my pimp hand strong
:( So sad. BreakingNews: #BeastieBoys rapper #MCA, $AdamYauch, has died at the age of 47 "It's time to get ill"
NPR Just...Rocks.
The Southern in #Charlottesville is proud to offer local beer selections from , , and Blue Mountain Brewery!
Too. Much. Mexican food. Ugh. But why is it so delicious?
excited to get reading again with my new nook tablet!!
hahaha! The Ter Bear. He was really something. So good talking with you! I love you! Im going to sleep so happy! Xoxo
It appears I'm going to be working directly above a Cosi. Perhaps I'll get an Arctic Mocha in your honor.
On this day in 1994 Hell froze over: the #Eagles reunited. Do you think that was a good thing?
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! How do you plan on celebrating? I'm looking forward to homemade tacos and margaritas.
Ruxbin = amazing beef and broccolini dish with miso last night. Also loved the grilled octopus. Had magical drinks at The Aviary afterwards.
Oh! Good idea! Somehow need to also convey "most interesting ppl" concept/ideas/knowledge as well. Thoughts?
I miss you soo much I'm freaking out over stupid things..
Got that empty feeling /: wahhhh wtf.
Isn't it only for Military families?
should follow me . (:
Also, that was officially my worst twitter response ever.
Ok. so, so some eat girl showed off her boobs at tbk for a burrito. Lol
it also stands for "Anne Frank" . I'm the only one that uses it that way tho
Bored > Go to Fridge > Open > Finds nothing to eat .... *Ten Minutes Later* Repeat.
should start a line of spices and dressings. It should be called "Oboyyy!"
It is, and you know it!
Underated #closer - Derrick Fisher
Cut or uncut?
Blezz Melano, Paul Wall, and E.v.a. Pro Records March 23rd Saint Andrews be there.....
Who set this up? RT : 9 42" screens to monitor #SuperBowl46 social media.. all controlled by an iPad!
Kinda bored. Anything fun? Let me know.
brett is a fucking douche bag
Thanks Christina! Will do my best to carry the torch passed on by the class of '12. Congrats!
The sun is warm
"hi, is Rick Astley there?"
five almost four gruesome days left!!!!!
Thankfully no one noticed *whew* :)
Helping the rents out and doin some yard work on this beautiful Sunday afternoon
I hate doing business with people. Everybody want to take advantage of you.
www.racenation.com, #training? #running? visit our site, great for running clubs, connect with other members and build your community
BRAVA, my friend!!!
Hanging out at the #ThirstyLion waiting for the fabulous
that's what that means
“: #Beautiful by and #BeatifulYou by make me feel beautiful when nothing else can. :')” <U+2665>
. Love it! Be careful, #bookspinepoetry can be addictive :)
Oh joyous snowy morning, thank you for reminding me I live in Minnesota.
sweetdreams. Try not too think of me too much lol
thank you so much :D
eaten, and I have since finished my second box :)
loll austinn I amm! The one about how she wants to break up with her boyfriend but she can't? Haha(:
Oh, I'm feeling your heartbeat
80 degree weather? this calls for some homemade strawberry sorbet! "Paleo" of course!
My favorite items at CES today were a digital watch that is also a cell phone, mp3 player w/touch screen & an incredible f/b massage chair
I was the only 30+er @ 10 pm "Horrible Bosses" (funny) w/my boys. Reason? Time or content?
SURF: Pacific Beach Surf Report: 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high occ. 4 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
In WI, no such thing as too cheesy! RT Not to be cheesy, but we are the future.
At House, enjoying talk about digital engagement.
Oh. Another mooning.
The world of the Internet of things: real word objects and locations connected to the Internet.
OnlY YoU BabY *_*
Hope you are enjoying the book so far. I will definitely check out Divergent.
darryl strawberry. lunch.
"Man, gay guys are so creative "-my momma hahahah
Last one "he's an angry elf"
is recovering from an especially mean full moon. ouch. slept like a stampede of elephants last night.
So true! RT “: One of my favorite sounds is my sleeping child.”
There's a non sequitur: forget the products, pick up trash, compost, garden...RT Repurpose Launches New Products on Earth Day!
Turtle shell.
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol
Just finished competing in Come join us! Right by castaways. Top time in obstacle course so far. Yay!!!
I cetan go direct or any one to computer manufacturer and get computers less expencive than Best Buy & get free shipping
you got that !!'
I just started reading it too! I'm going to try to get through the series this summer.
(wink). But really. We've been using this program for the eight years I have been at the school. Nothing better in nearly 10 years?
Channel 4. I won't tell if you watch. LOL
That amazing moment when you realise its Monday which means YouNow' on!! <3
I will admit, I am definitely a morning person!
How many dream Hawaiian vacations have been ruined by this thunderstorm?
< have a meeting at 11:15, sorry to miss it.
Hurt my finger vacuuming (don't ask). Suppose it serves me right for putting off writing.
"A-Rod" is trending. That's a penis
It was beauts!
hahaha! I know! Don't kill me ;)
I've stopped worrying about taking "it" to the next level 'cause I need to get a grasp on this one.
are you at LAFOTB ?
call me if you want
WI weather, you promised me nicer weather and now you give me 35 degrees out. We're breaking up
As a lifelong resident of Milwaukee, thank you for saying what people like me believe: Downtown Milwaukee is embarrassing!
I LURVED them.
Wonder if DeLoss & Mack are making room in the trophy case for the #Heisman the Longhorn "D" won on Saturday in Waco?
Happy B day rosie 50 already im 59 when I turn 50 got a tat stay strong luv u no matter what u do luv to see u on broadway : ))
- Thanks for the RT! NY Actors - check out the Shakespeare Forum, home for actors, directors and lovers of Shakespeare.
follow back?(:
Texas is gonna miss you so much Please come back an visit! Austin please see this and RT #texasisgoingtomissaustin trend plz!
Happy Veterans Day!!
My phone and the wall are about to go out on a date.
yeah I have to stop at post office
Good morning everyone! Hope you all have a great start to the week!
Oh twitter how I love you
When is Dave's time slot now? 6-7 daily?
LOL - thanks for being a Trooper!
We need AR T-shirts.
does anyone remember our myspace password?
Too much shopping. Oops.
hmm, well I like those back massager things!
Me, my cousins&our friends have made it official that we r going on every single amusement park ride at Indiana Beach! so pumped!
literally just pissed myself laughing. Why.(x
are you going to get to go to BOTDF next Friday?
Amendment banning gay marriage, civil unions, and legal unions between adults passes in North Carolina #whyisourconventionthereagain?
Thanks so much! We appreciate the audience support.
Who is the GO TO guy for all things social media? He is
It's a fun show to be in the studio for! They make it easy to supply the laugh track. :)
Pathetic girls
. Schema can act as a codification of the heuristic process. An output that describes what you've discovered about data
text me.
(cont. to last tweet) 7.)The Summer Set 8.)Fall out boy 9.)simple plan 10.)Green Day
George Washington travels through cheering crowds in Baltimore on his way home, following his Presidency. March 12,1797.
Running through this setlist at work. Niggas prolly think I'm talking to myself
that's alright. Its just good to hear you can function like a normal person, much less an athlete!
Hello darling.
shut the fuck up ypi slut
I just saw Alice in Wonderland. If Alan Rickman can change into a butterfly, this country can certainly adapt to changes in Health care.
Yay! Glad you got our package & loved our tattoos. Shoot me an e-mail rachel (at) secondglass.com and I'll send you some tix!
Gave my "Everything Social Workers Should Know About the Criminal Justice System" talk to a social work class this AM. I <3
LMBO Yeah buddy! No brains aloud!
I'm going to go ahead and doubt the guy I saw wearing a Clippers shirt this morning was wearing it around this time last year.
Sorry, try 1-888 instead of 1-877. That should be the correct number.
Kushi oysters are the best thing I am eating these days, sheer perfection!
Follow back pleasee :)?
. Agree. Teaches you how to conference; doesn't do as much to get you out there/networking.
drinking leftover beer =)
FRIEND HIM!! Seriously! He needs more friends in his feed!
I think the BET seasons are only 13 episodes.
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Help us in the fight.
Lol why am I still awake
Nice! I've been enjoying the roses, but haven't launched into the reds yet.
That makes two of us.
Trish Jarvis Begs Home Depot To Let Her Pay For $2,500 Worth Of Appliances (VIDEO)
Check out our Christmas cards today. www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
... thanks for making me laugh... luv me some WTF also.... except for the therapy part
I love souja boy
All of a sudden everyone on my tl is becoming Siwonest! What is this!?
I don't mean to rub it in, but the #bobcats are so bad, I actually hope they win the #nba draft lottery, for their sake.
I think it's funny that your dumbass came to all these realizations now. It just goes to show how stupid and immature you were then. :D
is Doug gonna make an appearance in #thehangover2?
he better watch out tomorrow… this ain't pretty. He's not gonna hear the end of it. LOL
will believe the creation of jobs wen I C it ben lukin 4 a job 4 almost a year now
Listening to the Biebs. All I can think about is that one time that you were singing it.
Spa day in Williamsburg today -- I'm off to be pampered.
When I hear a song that fits my current life situation, I listen to it 24/7
ok :) I'll be waiting
Brrr.... it's a little cold this morning. Come on in for a hot cup of coffee and your favorite biscuit.
thanks for telling everyone about the hottest halloween party around. Salsa Scream is going to ROCK!
I don't know if I'm talented enough but dang I can't explain how I feel when I do this.
Well thank you.
I think I work tomorrow :(
Found an unopened beer in the snow on my walk to work today.
But if I know you, I know what you do You love me at once The way you did once upon a dream
What is your favorite "Stupid Game"?
510 Starter kits for under $35.00 & Ego Kits for under $55 ... Discover the Gen. X difference www.genxvapor.com
RISING STAR ALERT: Champ Rory Mcllroy sets records. Now, for a personal brand that connects him with his fans...
fell asleep on my computer at 2 am :/ only have one more page to do though but still a ton more to write for it to be borderline decent
Mrs. Potato Head
Happiness is cold pizza and raspberry/dark chocolate M&Ms.
Getting after it today. Trying to find the future of Mariette basketball.
you bring that back. I'm bringing back the 3-piece suit with matching hat. So wish men still wore vests and hats.
already follow both and :)
or I actually know the person. I am still waiting for you to stand a post, and do anything as courageous as he.
Just talked to a woman who left just before the storm hit...her home is standing. Her neighbor's houses are gone.
Some ppl say I be gettin more pussy then most I just laugh cuz I am so #SexuallyFrustrated right now so thats a lie lol
Excellent photographs! Did you snap these all during one visit? Very good eye to capture such brilliant shadows in Coe Hall
I'm going to be at the Indy Metro Footbal Coaches Clinic tonight. Anyone else?
R.I.P I worked for you for over a year and now I will help put you to bed. I am too sad for words.
Can we postpone Monday? Just for a day or so, not asking for much here.
its ok tweetiepie, have sumthing to ask u n a few
It has made me physically sick.
2012.....Time to make good choices....I know I am going to try. Live in Possibility!!!!!!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplyfi in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with :)
Chubb: Issues we face in digital learning are similar to issues we face in brick-and-mortar schools.
would live to see your website! Can you send a link?
" Bout to start boxin again "
It is definitely more. Some stats reclassify rape against men as "sexual assault" or "indecent assault".
hey rusher! can you follow for me? thanks...
We are booking shows for the fall! Dates to come later this week. We can't wait to see your beautiful faces!
Thanks, ! send your stuff to steph (at) mortartheatrecompany (dot) org. Pleased to digitally meet ya. :-)
I wouldn't put it past the Scandanavians, but not the French and English.
I Hate People!!
not a fan of cheetos? your crayon would say otherwise.
Follow my lil sis she #teamfollowback all day long
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: NOAH. She was sitting over there waving. I pretended like I aint even noah!
well its like madison he did basketball and dance but im glad i can go to sleep happy knowing hes getting better
Papa Johns in the oven : check. 3 blockbuster movies : check. Phone off : check. I'm about to get my "lazy and entertained" on.
You guys made us all proud!! Continued success this week in SF. One more win!! Super Bowl bound.
I need to put more swagger into my personality.. don't you think
good point, if we're all taken as users that changes frame of ref. but content "pro" users make vs. "consumers" is vastly different
Thanks to for being on the show tonight. Great player and an even better interview.
RIP, Clarence Clemons. You rocked (and rolled) our world!!!
points out that FRBR doesn't actually model inheritance, although people talk about it as if it did.
Everybody is telling me to be like that to be like this...what the hell?!?!...I'm tired of living I wish they know how hard to be me
The only thing standing between you and a more comfortable home is a little advice. You can do this. ://amzn.to/wemMno
Forgot how much I hate links.
Beyond #Hunger conference in Philadelphia May 2-4, 2012. 1st on in Philly. 100 attendees have direct experience in hunger &
Write down everything you're thinking so you get it all out and then close your eyes and dream of sweet things.
aspiring/testing tge waters. Would love a low payibg regular to give me a deadline! I work best under pressure. :)
By position of ally, do you mean the ally's role in movements, etc? Or something else/ more?
RT : The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night” ---Avg man of 20 maybe...
my friend doesn't talk to me any more.always invites my bestie instead of me.makes up shit that we will maybe hang out later. #overtheshit:/
Already choked up
If anybody is REALLY good at statistics and geo targeting market research please inbox me for more info.
this study <<<
What is significance of the failure by #Apple to disclose its installation of #Carrier #IQ on iDevices? The 10b-5 of IP?
GO RANGERS!!!!
Damn RT Zaboomafoo. ": An aneurysm. RT : ...What the HELL is a nicki minaj clothing line gonna look like?!"
7 more days until that #Gothamcity drops!!!
Being yourself is a successful rebellion.
I can't wait for this Heat game.
Take the meds when and how they tell U to. It really works, tho I was aslo learner on the subject. Feel Better!
Contemplating this idea of 'soul mates'. Hmm. Now. What's a 'soul' again?
OMG. I'm so happy right now. When I lived in AZ, was a twice-weekly lunch spot. Best everything ever!
Pittsford Hockey for Breast Cancer awareness and research Jan.22nd Pink in the Rink www.pittsfordhockey.org
Early for an interview. OH in the lobby: "So you got the ice *and* the tea going on? Little third floor / second floor synergy?"
Throwing a fertilizer at people so they can grow the fuck up.
Had to turn off Wolves match. Really embarrassing to watch!
Cannot wait to return home to my kitchen. It is hard to eat healthy while on the road.
Sign me up for that jersey!
Jus coughed up a lung walkin behind homeboy smokin #cigarettes smh damn
Someone says you mix up night and day, you can get new reality.
I loved Inside Out and Back Again as well. I'm a big fan of free verse and it is a perfect fit.
Kings and Chandeliers.
well always do what you think is best. make sure you're happy.
Good Morning, Make it a great day!
The 4 bus is killing me right now. Thank god I have the patience of a saint.
One six week class can change your professional career as an actor. Schedule an appt today....
jealous! I've been craving it for ages!
Campstaff throughout the world are changing lives right now. What are you doing?
I am following you!(:
thanks for the shout out!
I have a lot to learn at my job, but I'm so excited!
it's 8:46 pm... D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11.. WTF???? Dumbasses! Idiots!!! Every day the same thing! WHY???????
tomato basil bisque from #revsoup, take that sore throat!
RT Exiting with a song? atta girl
Join our email Newsletter by liking our facebook page and hit the JOIN MY LIST button on the left side of the page!
Thanks for the follow Patrick, it's appreciated!
yea im glad they are comin back but it sucks that im not gonna be whippin the Range anymore lol #TrailBlazin lol
Sick goal. The fat lady is warming up.
Until you confront your giant nothing will change and yes you can Love God and do 90% of the word but that one thing and you will be stuck.
who do you root for when you like both teams ?
Not sleepy. Reading David Sedaris' Barrel Fever. Oh damn.
we have been busy as of late sorry for being out of the mix..but its a lot of work sometimes
Family tradition today (it's the second year running, so now a "tradition") of IKEA on New Year's Day. Free breakfast for children.
3 guarantees in LIFE: Death, Taxes and SPORTSCENTER heard it hear first
Nuttiest NASCAR ever. Just say'n.
exciting lunch then back
Reminder: Ticket payments for Aug 1's Wine Dinner must be secured by Wed, July 27! Call to secure your spot @ 334-262-2763 or 334-233-1318
Irish accents <3
FRIDAY! Happy Hour starts at 3pm! The sun is out and you ain't got nothing better to do until it goes down. See you on the patio! PING PONG!
appreciate you coming on the show today.
Mitt going to center? Really? With Bork, Kobach and Wilson as advisors?
Except that it's not Friday yet..
It wouldn't be a #Superbowl without a Betty White sighting.
+1 to what he said. You will end up where you are meant to be...and love it! :)
#Marlins win, #Heat win...#todaywasagoodday !
when are you back at Naya???
Anyone else watching the Egypt show on Green Planet channel? Also what is the Green Planet channel?
you're welcome dude lol
Currently 37. Low tomo morning should find its way to around 30. Road surfaces should be fine, but light accumulations still on grassy sfcs
eternal combo= pint of beer + shot of "powers" only bloody $7.
I got a cool one from the wilsons leather outlet in camarillo for i think $100... it's really cool
the skinny red fox waslked past the tired dog.
Give Titan Movers a call today at 619-414-5469
Parsley has more calcium than milk & helps reduce bloodpressure
what's up me.lady
Here's hoping McGehee can hit for the cycle!
mhmm!! I didn't really feel like a fan anymore.. like.. I don't get nervous when I meet them now! it's weird!
Its Getting late <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Looking forward to my day at tomorrow!
Was just in an elevator full of strippers lhh
RT : jQuery 1.4 *drool*... Team is already looking at how soon we can roll it out to the site.
“Like” this post if your goal is to be happy!
Tonight I will use a plate for my take-out veggie combo so as to dine and not merely consume.
Robert Andino showing some serious range! WOW
I'm offering the best thing in the world for you.
thinking of buying some sea monkeys for my kids - anyone know anything about them (seamonkeys)?
Nothing good can happen to a team that intentionally walks Travis Ishikawa.
What happened to Antonio Banderas's fourhead? Too much sun no?
If nobody don't ya imma make ya famous ;)
Nice overview of scholarship into his great line about the 18c: "It isn't over yet."
Thanks for retweet!
RT I am with #occupy again.much nicer people than those Ron Paul and Terry Jones freaks < We are indeed. Thx & pleasure meeting u
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3+
Calm down, dont need all that... That was a medium joke at best RT : bwahahahahaha!!!!!
This is beginning to hurt, this is beginning to get serious.
you're straight puttin fools on blast today...and I love it
tweet me maybe !
This dude said "tell peter my mink is dragging on the floor"
Should stay away from people & computers. Seems I fuck things up. What is wrong with me lately? How annoying old habits pop up at odd times.
#brt green or red light? Gold or Silver?
Finally lebron got called for a foul
SWAG stands for Secretly We Are Gay...I dont know about u but a guy who spends hours on his hair and does his eyebrows sounds kinda gay.
what can i do to get through to you that you're the one for me there's nothing i wouldn't do! -jeydon wale
5 people from Jordan are killed after a deadly car accident in Kansas. More details at 5am on
Need one in West Virginia too
hey! It's probably because you are using Internet Explorer. Try another browser and it should work. Chrome, safari, Firefox. :)
On buffalo and broadway.
I want them to be the opposite of me. NERDS...BOOKWORMS...ALL THAT..DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS..CHESS CLUB!
Well I'm out..nite nite
Because he's not REALLY a president. He's a hype machine that we the taxpayer have to pay for.
Brandon, how is life on the other end!!??
When the stress on your body exceeds your ability to adapt to that stress you get injured. Most running injures are training errors.
Family Art Workshops today, Sat, Dec 11, 1pm-2:30pm. Fun for all ages. FREE with general admission. FREE to members.
Fix news: the student loan rate increase is a Obamacare funding scheme. Kinda proves this as cheap election year politics on Obamas part. ,)
I always say I'm going to stop eating Junk Food then I see junk food & end up eating EVERY crumb. :(
Fly with me, or Much better, or Black Keys.
Isn't it just absolutely WONDERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL! Houston's springtime is awesome!
Oh how I wish I could move out at times.
It's gotten a little warmer than expected today -- 78 downtown and at BWI. Forecast was low 70s.
Suggs, on ESPN, was asked how he felt about playing 13 teams with a former Pro Bowl QB: "We love it. We love playing in big games."
Hard to imagine #Sixers playing much better or the #Flyers playing much worse -- all considered, feeling pretty good about both teams.
when someone offers to pay for your heat ticket you say yes and thank you :)
Let's party tonight! Ill call you. “: where you been. I was at your crib the other day. #thepigisbackthough”
Aww that`s awesome! Thanks!
RT Happy Monday Family. Rejoice
I studied in Europe & know these transportation policies very well. No trip needed!
Yeah you got that right, I can get three outs without giving up a run. WHAT NOW.
OMG that pic does look like
that's wats up!
See u there! RT : - #GXUSA is looking forward to tomorrow's Chicago's mobile app meetup
I am assuming these headphones on my desk are from you. Thank you so much! Much appreciated. :) Happy New Year!
Can't wait to see all these #certifiedfresh movies over break.
made 100$ today for pep squad ;D
At the NBC store a while back they had a ton of Britta shirts on sale for $5 because no one would buy them, lol
#20ThingsAboutMe I like to try to keep my feelings about someone to myself, but I give in very easily when it comes to pouring my heart out
RT : Stillness is underrated. [Vastly!!]
thanks boo
I mostly learned about food borne illness and cross contamination. Makes me never really Want to eat again. Food is dirty
Aww thank you! How are u
reeks of cat today.
Wandered over to and had a star sighting (Sam Elliot) which would have been lost on me with out a pal screaming "I LOVE YOU!"
He who lives looking for pleasures only, the devil will certainly overthow
oh my god every time i see something with dave grohl mentioned in it i get so exited.
YEAH... If Viola has to loose it to anyone, It would have to be Meryl Streep... Probably the best woman actor in the game..
I know my eyes change from brown to green, so will u stop telling me when they change
if you don't know the lyrics to this song...IM OFF YOU!!!!!!
I tried everything to get you to notice me but then you tweeted me drunk one night & told me you loved me. :D The best thing ever!
lol..been gone for a while but im back!!
Females be oc stop fronting for these social networks and just be smooth about yours
In my searches for advisors, BrightScope profile pages rank very low on Google results. YMMV
Nothings impossible the word it self says "I'm possible".
Thanks and back at you!
i wanna lock er in the criband fuck er all day!
it is a fabulous issue - well done!
Listening 2: 'Assimilations' makes the life better & is 1of my favorite albums in the last 5-7 years. 'Dope girl' = jam
so curious as to what it is
kiss me once before i die maybe i could get a little more time to live hopelesslywithout you
lol.. Never that!”) So what u say?
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
we had some cancellations and were going to try to get other speakers, we've rescheduled. We'll KIT about the new date?
Who's up w/me?!
After todays game of Tebow vs the Pats I think we can all agree that the Jews had it right. Jesus does not exist.
nah he's not with us
I NEED MY PHONE BACK -Dies-
no sir I'm in LA for good!
Im sleepy af right now but i just refuse to go to bed
Yay! (It was my brainchild) :-)
Pick my hoes with the same finger I pick my nose with
these kids don't know how easy they got it lol
about done for the night...it's hard sleeping right after you work out.
Try reading your childhood favorites to your children. It is a great opportunity to teach them more about you and to bond with them!
Steve Buscemi RT : Good god that is the ugliest man in history on First Take right now
That's cool! Love Mickey!
I wish you'd reply to my text
You still have the chance to host a Passion Party! It's FREE & you can receive a free gift & discount on products. Contact me TODAY!
Yay. Glad your dad could get them to a receptive shelter. Please tell him thank you for being there for those kittens!
My wife cut me down to once a week. I don't feel bad, I know guys she's cut out completely. .... Dangerfield.
ok good to know. sound slike a blast!
Maybe you made somebodies day. Lol
Gotta wait on Walmart to call me back now
#FF If you're a Chopped fan you know her as one of the judges. Also a great cook and cool person and a joy to follow.
Okay to slEep for real. suns coming up
thanks for the follow
we love the positivity in your bio...we're ready to partake!
Our house is pending! We just have to find get the new one under contract!
I sent you a link. Read it
Life is just one damned thing after another.
hahaha funny you say that. Thats what i made for dinner... your loss!
Welcome back to the addicting world of twitter. :)
Reagan was a great leader!
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the whole world.<3 i love you Mommy!(:
The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want
#Volunteer! #Volunteer! #Volunteer! RRCO needs volunteers for tomorrow 12/18 from 11-3 to help at our holiday party.
“: special love s/o too>>> ” dag did y'all shoot already? I wanted to help rub oil on u :)... How did it go?
lol aite i was just hopin u would put that i was featured on it,hey n whats your # bro
Waiting for a spot.
Hey! Follow, follow, follow....
doing to may things on the net at once haha
How much work do you do yourself on home remodel projects?
have some gals over here oh and need to get kids on your books for pics of JUST them:) xo
SSM Health Care of Oklahoma Inc () will acquire Unity Health Center North, effective June 29th.
german cake and cheesecake is what i got
Oh my gosh!!! we have 16 followers!
Tell that to the 7548 people in my back yard!
Shoutout to For repping #Pisces all day everyday =D
That's impossible. I'm not at Grouchos
My favorite part of dear maria is alex's cough at the beginning<3
It's very simple If you want to 'get hot, smart liberal chicks', make smart liberal arguments like does.
In classic Brandon fashion, however, it's 12:30 in the AM and I've yet to accomplish anything tonight.
Talksbacks = moderated. Unmoderated postshows are just conversations, which i like better than goal driven talkacks.
Just saw a girl with a harry potter backpack. Made my morning.
What's going on with Delicious? It's taking forever to load lately. I don't want to think about moving my 14000 bookmarks.
My best friend doesn't deserve any of this. You deserve nothing but happiness and I'm sorry this is happening. Love you.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Fun photo shoot planned for this Wednesday with a lovely designer and some beautiful models. Can't wait to show you the pics! ;)
The CR includes a $2.3M increase for Boehner-backed DC Schools vouchers to stop termination of program and allow new students.
Taking a little hiatus to get things back in order. Much luv for all my Twitter fam'...talk to you all when I get back.
it's snowing around Lausanne and 38119.
“: stop burning me bro!!!” Intergalactic was over the top, sorry.
Nice discussion on burgeoning plans of the Digital Public Library of America
Im just tryna be surrounded by some real shit.
"Cause she holds me down every time I hit her up.."
thanks, Ali!
I'm ready to go to the gulf shore
The weather is great! I think it's time for the office to invest in a retractable roof.
To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid via
Lost SmarTrip over a month ago. Only ride bike, so didn't notice. Had to buy paper farecard. Managed to fuck up going through gate.
sept 9th will be an awesome game.. i got to get tix
but I really do love it...
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." Booker T. Washington
i am like BORED
Damn this slush/rain
been crazy busy. Trying to go to EU early next year. Paris and Milan...and of course Holland! Lol.
Dear Boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
hype "network", team sucks and say "next year", lots of $$$ doesn't buy wins. Ur arguement is laughable
The ZTE Score gets a sporty makeover for MetroPCS
I love Kalinda, she read her.
Pandora's adds are total nagware. I am tending to see that as they don't want my business.
you're really random. WE BELONG TOGETHER BB
I could never be your "girl".
Have you guys seen those tiny AT&T sim cards? I bet those are perfect for mice with cocaine habits ...
that is a great message
good morning!
OMG OMG OMG finishing the latest episode, holy crap shit is going down!
Off to HBO Studio's in the city to audition for "Bored to Death"
OH "I wouldn't be averse to a bomb being dropped on Fenway Park RIGHT NOW" :-O
Good question, and hopefully Haynes refers to the growing number of scholars attempting to deal with that specific problem?
I was there and i'll be there tomorrow sir
I have this song >.<
No fat free milk?!?!? Eww reduced fat.. I can just taste that 1%
No I haven't yet. I should pick up a copy.
thx to #ww tweets from and
please follow me it would make my YEAR! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Telluric Records finally hit twitter! Hello everyone!
OH MY GOD. FNXJDMKFBHNXJDCFBHDJ
thanks for the mention.
It may sound "corny", but if you fail to plan, your are planning to fail! Today, plan and organize your schedule, meals & workout. #Go4it!
“: Nap before frostbites ;*” lucky t(-.-tt) lol
I know I literally fly home for like 36 hours
Happy Queen's Birthday! Go wear orange!
#ConfessionTime i miss talking to my mom every day
<3 thank you! what song was your favorite!?
We feel the same way RT : NAKED Pizza!!! <3
one can only hope...
Gorgeous day in Chicago! Gotta get out there!
In Eindhoven, Holland meeting with our Alkalife European partners. Great time and appreciating the excellent Dutch hospitality.
If that is how God talked, I could get me behind some religion. Until then, Mobtown denies the lord and all his works.
I Wonder What My First Tweet Was . . . . Probably "Wtf Am I Suppose To Do"
#3WordsForYou arty wants me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You know where Michael is?
You look good in those fancy pants! ;)
I haven't cried this much in awhile.
Come on, Hoyas, get it together.
Going off the grid for a few days in the wilderness, will be returning with a bear skin rug.
Cool to hear Marv Albert and Steve Kerr announce a #collegehoops game.
FUCKIN WHITE FOLKS! srry white ppl
Okay mosquitos, I don't taste very good so you might as well take my word for it and go away.
Let's hope I'm moving by the end of this week... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I wish I felt better! I wanna be out with and her family!
great win today over the so called"dream team" ......keep it going!
goodmorning! Wish me good luck on my social studies test?(:
Street Audio is up and kickin'! Check it out now!
I am obsessed with the things I find on If you haven't heard/been to the site... go there now!
so do I put Square L7 or Official Square?
Uh....excuse me while I take a cold shower
Everytime I try to be good it backfires on me
not that there's anything wrong with that. a monster is sweeter to me than a cake :)
tru well some thing we out grow
TMZ reporting Davy Jones of the Monkees passed away
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... wacko Christians attack you for your faith, only to get attacked from a bunch of "Faithless" peeps
Right now: yours truly and Gary Burris performing at Latah Bistro (Spokane, WA). We're here until 9pm.
boy i thought he was gonna smack the computer he was so mad.
Thks for the tip! Boston is abt 7 hrs from us & my daughter would love 2 visit-my husband's teaching her to 'speak Boston' ;-)
i see you.
Hurricane Irene update shell now up in promos
#raw10 dancing w/ a woman n her tits fell out of her Blouse. i was aroused n embarressed @ the same time. i need Dr. Phil!
haha... Hadn't seen that one!
what will happen to traditional retail? King’s Hawaiian® Bread Offers Simple Solutions for Holiday Leftovers TORRANCE, Calif.--(BUSINE
We checked your bill pay history & everything has been paid through 5/2. Which bill were you referring to? DM if you prefer.
Where I'm at its be funny as hell
RT : "Are you the drummer for Cee Lo Green?"- guy in the elevator
The next Form 941 due date is 1/31. You can make a Form 941 payment with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Cc0 vs cc attribution. Wasn't that the snarl between & Sweden?
Sign up on our private email list for news on gigs and upcoming new c.d.
writing for the game will be completed in two short weeks, hope to have a demo soon! Be a long week, back at it, and hope to have updates
Thanks for the RTs and #FF!
I now regret cutting my hair short. Seriously guys, never let your girlfriend chop off all her hair. She will regret it later.
#SweetGenius is now #sweetgenieinabottle lol. Enter the Britney spears jokes.
"Too much sanity may be madness - and the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be." - Miguel de Cervantes
Lightning talks are blowing up! Ignite with my classmates tonite, LTs for Molly Raphael's visit on Thurs, sustainability theme on 4/10.
I'm killin
you're welcome. enjoyed seeing you speak at #edcampss yesterday! also looking forward to your new book
baby, you can have whatever you like...
she really is! Ive only had to raise my voice maybe a handful of times when she was like 3
Knicks suck blue balls... Go heat!!!!
Archive everything so you can play it back everyday :-)
u aint ask if I wanna drink
1930s newspapers devoted an awful lot of space to "Mr. And Mrs G Smith will return to Nyack on the Cunard April 13" Old-timey twitter!
With so many people's favorite sites down, all this protesting could have the inadvertent effect of making this a very productive day.
“: My friend twitter bio is priceless.” > how bout the pic? Ending Montana?
look ma, no hands
lol where you from!?
Holy suds, Bernie! Corey Hart is on FIAH!!!! Your butt's gonna burn a lot this year!
Act like a lady, think like a man
me too. Glad I called off work.
Is there a good public BISAC to LCSH mapping available? I could use one for a collection I'm ingesting, and would rather not reinvent.
phewww....was having withdrawals...bring it twitsister!!!
impressive, how long are you gonna be able to get used to that?
jail commission asks witness to compare MCJ management style of olmsted, who went public with Times about abuse, versus cruz, now on leave
All have a blessed day. I pray that love will always be first in everyone's heart. Happy Valentines Day! Love everyone as Christ loves you!
shuld delete her twitter ...
Is making fun of Thom Yorke here? I hope so.
I think I'm going to give up my NYC apartment and move into a Cabana at Encore for the summer!
Two Best Friends Decide They Should Have a Baby in "Friends With Kids" Grade: C- Just once I’d like to see a movie in which a man a
I love you oh so so so much! Don't forget that. <3
Last night I finished reading 's #HowToBeBlack. Definitely a must-read for everyone black, white, & any shade of brown in between
Have you tested someone today?
Looks like a place you might catch Spidey webslinging around
Myles Kennedy, frontman in Slash's band, is good now but he's got only 5--maybe 10yrs (tops) left to hit those high notes
Bob Saget is all over the place. Recently on Mohr Stories, Jim & Eddie, The View, and Opie and Anthony!
looking forward to seeing your studio.
The cable installer just left, so I'm back up and running at the new house!! Yeah!!!
Michelle Bachman's laugh is so awkward!
Thank you so much!! Same to you
ha i hate the dentist
What are you doing, man?? :)
Pure energy
I changed my passwords to INCORRECT. So next time I forget my password it will tell me 'Your password is incorrect" ;)
Not sure the slides are making sense to me. #alcts webinar "aiming for a robust metadata infrastructure for the future"
what up what up what up :)
thanks man!
Community Impact Artist Honorable Mention Latifah Shakir
the bottom line is... i'll never understand women, but I will strive to try. #iaintlyin'
Lynne Parenti is curator of fishes What a great title! At the Feb 16 #DASER, she discusses two recent art-sci exhibits she curated.
World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games
Letting out huge farts feel so good haha
thats your home away from home
On Fast Break duty for tonight, #Celtics #Hawks. One thing is certain: Ry Hollins will be in full on ML Carr mode from the bench
Ugh, I feel your pain! I'm just waiting on the meeting invitations to start rolling in, spoiling all of my plans.
just tweeted the anonymouse link, so everyone should be able to get to it one way or another
Happy Birthday sister!! :D wish u the best xoxoxo
lol....yeah yeah
I can so relate...Sigh.
Don't follow Premier League. Watching Manchester city game at brunch. Amazing finish before I knew it was for the championship.
Lol people on the internet are always so angry!
Nah, but my nigga rap. He finna blow up
I just can't take Mitt Romney seriously. I feel like I'm watching an SNL skit every time he speaks. What the heck is Mitt short for anyway?
that happen sober too
Thanks to my Waka Flocka reference, I'm now being followed by rappers "Chicago Santana" and "Money Pistol" #nervouswhitechild repping big D
Cybermetrics? Is that, like, from Terminator or something?
Luv seeing my Nephew Kyle & his dad being 2gether on their birthday. Makes me miss times with my dad! I miss him so much every day.
RT WI marathon & half-marathon runners: Visit the Team Challenge tent at finish to buy some celebratory post-race cupcakes!
#LiesIveToldMyParents Where im going or what i was going to do
My #dogs bark at EVERYTHING! Ugh
Autism ~ Seeing the World from a Different Angle ~ TeeZazzle
Erin Matts' piece of advice to women: don't be afraid to promote yourself. Don't be invisible.
Fancy grilled cheese on marble rye and tomato bisque!
There's more to social media! Learn how the new online world can help you manage all aspects of your business.
wow! 90% of the world now lives in a place with access to a mobile network
I will not vote for some asshole with two Twitter accounts.
(Jules Rose) The exact words that you use are far less important than the energy, intensity and conviction with which you use them.
You just may be a #catnut if: You consider cat hair in your food as extra fiber.
Happy Hump/Leap Day! Hope it's full of things you'll remember for the next 4 years
that's not good smh just be straight up and if you don't get anything that you was hoping for then move forward
I hate how now anytime you type something into Youtube, the first thing that pops up is the Glee version. No thank you.
No. 1 leadership skill is picking right person and putting them in the right positions. - Jim Collins.
I wish bosh will come back already
watching t.v. bored as hell;
I have my voice final today and I woke up with a stuffy nose and sneezing. If my allergies fuck with my grade today I'm gonna cry.
hey my buddy, what going on?
Will this affect my kid's chances in next year's Maury ES preschool lottery? :)
Follow our personal accounts! We want to get to know you!
Voice over is complete #deepstacks round of applause goes to all the people involved decibel garden
This made me laugh out loud!!!
I caught the last 10 minutes of Mob Wives and I honestly don't understand why those women were fighting.
Congrats Michael Pollack RT : At the Phx Business Journal's most admired CEO awards dinner. Congrats to Michael Pollack!”
So where's Jeremy Lin?
of course! And we can at least share *partial credit for starting the "Mar-cus Cam-by" chant! :-) I'll miss all of them.
Obama can go on Jimmy fallon all he wants. He's fucked with the American people.
Planes are taking off from DCA, I can see the shuttle in the distance.
Agree! Wonder how hard they had 2 twist his arm 2 make him take credit. He's proud 2 take credit 4 things tht wk out well
I think a Chi-town reunion in Chi-town would be better.
A bad presenter can kill your product.
Well it's pancake tuesday. Wanna go pancake house?
Lost in fantasy football by one stinkin' point when my opponent got 21 points tonight out of the Pats def.
ignorant people are the worst. good riddance to you.
Happy #FF peeps!
RT : Don't worry, trees. Only 7 more chopping days til Christmas.
i love judi
maybe Ru is gonna trick us all, and crown Latrice. :)
But the Elite has altered everything else... How do we know thats not tainted also? & I do
I have personal beef with Amare Stoudemire.
Is 30 Rock really being canceled?
as said, need to register the elephant bird jar as well. that and your protobuf class should be all that's needed
RT : yeoo what's all this talk bout u killed it????--I just performed in a
We hope you're out enjoying the sunshine! It's a beautiful Portland day.
Geez John Freida - could you have picked a skinnier model for your commercial? Feed her before she breaks in half!
Fresno man pleads guilty to having machine guns
sox abouts the typos I was Half asleep :P
Your too far out to swim your way in
I would love to go on a late night cinematic adventure tonight, its been far too long.
"You're everything I could want, that I could need. If I could see You want me - Could I believe?" ::david crowder band::you're everything::
Planning on making a cover. Time to take out the keyboard<3.
It was an intense conversation; I didn't have a good opportunity to jump in without being kind of a jerk.
Making a difference....tomorrow.
Be sure to follow headquarters on Twitter! Check in daily for sweet deals, contests, a peek into the doghouse and more!
Well alright on that request. Lol..
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot? lol
when are you and doing Cool Morning 3???
Did you go down with other M&Hers? Excited to hear how it goes. RT :
My head hurts
Have a great #MothersDay celebration!
Taking the kids to the library, listening to Check Your Head on the way
I'm cracking up like crazy right now at this phone tap!!! XD
Sys libs job to seek best software for the library & not to have a preference for the license (OSS v. proprietary).
...lol...just nice of you to share it with 5600 of your closest friends :-)
hope you enjoyed some of the #aam2012 banter!
u gonna be on s. Beach?
On my way. Waiting for the elevator. Story of my life.
You're welcome! Gotta love the megazone
Well the scratchy throat and weakness is not going away anytime soon.. I'm sure school will make it all better. NOT!
Lil Kim music and people dancing on tables, not your average trip to the vineyards in LI
Her new stuff, I presume? How do you like it? Getting some great press.
Channing Tatum plays a stripper in his new movie?!? I'm so there.
Contrary to popular belief, I don't hate Davey Johnson. I've wished herpes on some of my best friends.
You will love
what a beautiful picture! PS. I have a huge crush on Red Hook too.
hi there. nice to meet Paul at LMA. just a heads up that your site is down "Error establishing a database connection"
got my fingers crossed for ya! Rumor is next weekend is supposed to be awesome!
I aint got time for this aight peace...ima be a thug dead beat just like Kane
Hellz Yeah they are!! That tweet got me all hungry n I aint git shit :( Lol..
Im not just a damb ordinary girl!!
BS call from the #Refs in the pred v pho goal all the way
I would be on Csi NY and only if Eric was my partner in crime
Don't chase the paper, let it chase you.
the odd angles in your photo composition support the subjects 'crazy eyes' A+ (I'd like to see more portfolio work with stucco)
great crowd showing up. Excited to see business owners hungry for social media!
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xoxoox
My Nigga Im Bumping That Now Smoking Some Wake And Bake
"griffin wanted a foul on Gasol." a broken record id rather change
okie! i totally forgot!
ops...yes, art...creative art at that!!!
RT : Name the greatest of all inventors! Accident. (Mark Twain)> my choice would be Tesla...
We are with you 100% on that!
"payphone" was just as horrible as "moves like Jagger" Adam needs to coach himself &Christina on how to sing.bazinga!
this panini really captures the experience of the first time someone makes a panini!
thanks to you too. Love the bio & look forward to your tweets!
We've reviewed 6 kids books whose titles begin The Great .... Can you guess what they are?
And my sister Jewel (:
awes i have a cookie for you if you want it?
She going thru something
Take a stroll on the Avenue and grab yourself a seat on our front porch, to enjoy B Veggie Shamrock'N'Roll!
dude. feed me NOW
Caché: a super weird/scary/worth seeing French film
I would buy an tm. I wouldn't want to potentially ruin one of my teams #pack #brewers, so venture in to something new!
And when you do you can use us for your #green move!
I've never been a person that cries I just hold my emotions in cuz I hate when people know that I am sad.
It's easy to talk about "narratives"--almost a cliche in #scicomm these days. That link is a reminder of the awesome power of stories.
Just visited your blog, very nice! Sure I'd love to chat with you as well. What's your schedule?
Apple's abandonment of upgrades in the app store and for the pro apps is because that business model's ship has sailed.
Ooh, good question! RT Question of the day: How many different instruments can you play?
what song?
Lovin this "Friday," hm wut shall i get into tonite...
I thought I left the Windy City on Sunday...
Land Rover Discovery … for sale | Off-Road-Center-Acs
Oh, Twitter, I'm here! Now... To unpack forever...
#iug2009 met a security guard this morning whose actual middle name was "danger"
Anyone else notice the massive advertising that Kia is doing? I'm pretty sure are a sponsor for almost everything that exists!
tell him to lock my Twitter in in case he ever get in trouble. Im bailing someone out now.
yeah mr.morgan put the ac on (: but my head hurts
She sang at my wedding!! Everyone vote for her.... You are AMAZING
RTJust walked to the restroom #casualexercise - Think about all the calories you'll burn once you get inside :-)
I'm not Robo Calling anyone at least.
"Oh you didn't know? Yo ass betta call somebody!" Who knew Road Dogg was forewarning us of which would one day become "Butt dialing"?
We’re going to next week, are you? Hope to see you there, booth #821!
¤ Abundance is in large part an attitude. Sue Patton Thoele
have fun ! We went already ... early like. ... take pictures !
ew. Katie... No they are no good. You shouldn't like them. It's bad for your health!
follow me on twitter I can give you the scoop. How I know CJ is on for for more.
. is the most amusing reviewer ever.
Glad u r pleased w/the pics from premiere show :) Oh shoot asst now that's major LOL no really appreciate that a lot
If forever ended now, is this where you'd want to be?
I swear girls here cnt say ish to my face bt I'm cuteer than you as you say I'm ugly ahahah its better than hidious
Great, thank you! Looking specifically for Columbus, Ohio and maybe surrounding areas. I will check it out
Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :)
My daughter is watching #ThisisIt on #VH1Classic. She just said "I'm a background dancer."
Wish I were in Rockville, MD tonight for take over!
We had fun doing the Google+ Hangout today. We will link to the video whe is it on YouTube. ^TR
Nothing says Motown tribute group like 4 middle aged white guys.
thank u love. Xoxoxo. I will be sending u a business plan for my Mercy Me cases to b sold at your store.
Allergies are beating me up :(
Thinking about having a delicious afternoon snack at #SugarCafe!
oh no. Please.. You know what you need to do!
Opinion: Would you say that your HOA is helping your property value?
“: Admit It, we've all recorded ourselves singing to see if we could actually sing.” #Success :)
All Bankers take the #Keating Course of what not to do and who never to trust...
: In the Limo about to take a tour around Times Square NYC with my best friends <3
RT if you are single!
Man amongst the great game, just got terrible news...R.I.P BRUCE MAYS!!!! join ur sons hand
Counting down the days till March 7th, the day I graduate from culinary school with a diploma in pastry and baking!!
Hello Thanks for the #follow!!
Just for our Valentine’s… Bali Hai will be running two specials: a Surf and Turf and a Surf and Surf!
It's getting closer! University of #Georgia football against the #BoiseState #Broncos. You know who Glenn's gonna go for!
good morning:)
are you serious
I always look for a hidden alien throughout the opening!
Still heard in heaven “: BREAKING: Bluegrass legend, banjo pioneer Earl Scruggs dies in Nashville at age 88, his son says”
: Happy Birthday Tracy! May God continue to Bless you Richly! Enjoy your special day!
I may or may not have played "Sometimes It Takes Balls to Be a Woman" 5X to psych myself up for the bus home. Now I want to sing it.
you had a good 1 day run at Twitter
Go Shockers!
Going back to Atlanta any time soon?
#PrayForJapan Lord, give them strength. <3
Hate-Watching “Smash” - New Yorker (blog)
saw your boyfriend Tom at kusi this morning. Told him I heard he was a good stalker cc:
how about scrabble for an alternative 3 level analogy: individual letters>words>relationship of words to one another on the board.
Me and Bree are seriously aruging whose gonna be a Go Go dancer. And whose gonna be a stripper. I called dancer. She's pissed. Lol (;
Exhausted, but what a great day with a fabulous team! Photos are amazing.
anybody up for talking? I haven't been on here in forever!
Dont forget to send us your favorite stories about the bronx
Bryan Cranston's appearance (the line about "killing her") in the commercial for Krysten Ritter's ABC show = a reference to Breaking Bad?
Best of luck to you Jen...
psh you'll be awesome! maybe we can talk though about things we've done wrong!
I called my dad to ask him a question about a baseball game we went to in the 80s. He doesn't remember the game. Or the 80s.
Over the Thad years especially, I have observed the Buckeyes can't beat decent teams without shooting a good percentage from 3-point land.
The steadicamer of #HungerGames should be called a shakicamer.
Just realized how brutal the RPG really is after 6 months
Well played Obama, well played
WHERE IS AT?!?! And so do u like the username Justinmahonecum still???
We are the Official Social Media for The Fetish & Fantasy #Halloween Ball in #Vegas! Follow them now!! /via
The people next me are haven the weirdest convocation
Nice to see other writers on here. Thanks for the follow.
. : Practical problems to think about re: #culturalmuseums: Do we have the resources? Do we have the audiences?
Heck Yes!
So have you convinced to join us on the FCIT yet ?
Never know what happens next just plan for the best!
Tummy keeps growling :(
Does the dress meet with your approval?!? Still no date!
On the plane to ATL to see ah so excited
Today was last day of conference i i didn't do so well in places but improved my time
not my type of music but looks like fun!
I Followed! Please!!!
on the way, "things you need to know" at 8:15 win lunch for 2 at Tj's Tavern, the Monday morning match game listen on Generations 1023
i love you so much! You're face last night was priceless. See you tomorrow lol
I'm in love with Granny G!!
who said it wasn't a xmas present to begin with? I'll bring it over today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
Damn that Axford has a fastball. Ball game 7-2
Need something picked up from Brownsville International Airport and delivered to Harlingen, TX....Call us! 877-527-5737
I really want beliebers and 1D's to get along. Justin and 1 Direction are awesome :) RT If you agree.
Will u be my funky Jesus?
I got my wings when I was young so I tend to fly I put my chain on, they saying it's homicide And I'm killin' 'em, it's homicide
Just listed to Jake talk up all the" good pro's" Ryan got. Had 2 check standings, nope I wasn't dreaming! This bunch still stinks!
Is Danica Patrick egiable for the fan vote for the Allstar next week?
You wanted some quality time with Twitter. ;)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Best of luck on the last three weeks!!
All back to normal, home in the keys. workin on new effect!
Random dancing on set with so lovely people!Check out the new videos on my YouTube channel or on my Twitter Profile!Happy St. Patty's Day!
//Thx u 4 MT have a great day
B/c this week has already been a circus, we're ending it Right ?
Let's CELEBRATE!!!!!
If there's a crew to go on Titanic II in 2016, lets role
Dan Froomkin writes,Bush feels "he had a legitimate reason 2 invade Iraq, & that he had a legitimate reason 2 torture detainees.
My 1st memory of Eric was that he is a gorgeous vampire!!
Ive got some serious camel fungus going on... LOL.
Boom! From way downtown, BANG!
Fedex Field is just the location of the inspections - it's all truck traffic not Fedex
Or should I say happy 4/20!
Great dinner at Fresh Fish company but crowded. We were all using our groupon before it expires on the 30th
Several brokers and managers are on the way to ERA's International Business Conference. Looking to bring back great ideas and tools.
I'm saying you guys can share my copy forever because I'll never play it & appreciate it as much as you two haha
Heat Dancers, Bernie the Mascot, lots of prizes. It's a watch party. Gametime is 3:30. #whiskeytango #downtownhollywood Let's do it!!
thanks! I use your site all the time for us history activities. Need some info on introducing Socratic seminar format to Ss
I don't have that data, but anecdotally I'd imagine Seattle numbers are likely lower. Again, just guessing though.
Dr Laura, thank you for one of the kindest posts I've ever received. You are a role model for helping others succeed.
Ha! Unlikely...but not impossible!!
Rise and shine loves.... Whats good :-) :-)
David, would you be interested in presenting at the Atlanta Photojournalism Seminar? photojournalism.org Please DM me -ben
Oh you're cool !
I was just thinking the same thing when looking at the summer to request days off. Time only flies if you look at it.
Thursday night at The Aurum Lounge! It's alsready poppin' #homecoming weekend.
Yes, I believe you did as well lol
any link to LCNAF reconciliation service? I didn't realize there's one.
finally 1st external ends,..... preparing for the 2nd external.......
Today is the first day in a week that I woke up and don't feel sick … Woohoo!
Who or what inspires you to dance?
Sounds like something AZ would do. Brewer still in office, yeah? Ugh. Also, State v. Ravin? Not familiar, I'm afraid.
almost @ 600 followers...
you can do it ! So what color bikini are you going to get ? ;)
Stick a fork in me. I'm done.
Novak has the quickest release ever haah
but that's an actual food place!
Whenever you get something published, a book review or anything, show the administration. Publishing as advocacy and being seen as...
Love it - hope you go for it.
Follow me Back?:)thanks
CORE is in the house at for some great drinks & some #AngryMonkeyTime #Holla!
If you saw my desk, you would understand. I could live on it. Like an office loft. RT loser.
do you work tomorrow???
Come see the 'Step Into My Shoes' booth this weekend at the Mental Health Month event on Sat., and the Carlsbad Village Street Fair on Sun.
Finally done !! now i can sleep<3
Need Tech help. Where can I host a flash object or java applet for free? I need to link to something more dynamic from Blogger .
AH! That is scary. This is why plastic surgery is a no-no, folks!
Looking at Derrick rose n Jeremy lin baby lmfao
RT : Stop by and have some fun at the booth at the today. Sponsored by
Congrats to Portland & Seattle for the Top 10 Bike ratings! Its a spoke in our Wheels :)
I'm done.
RT : RT : do what you love.
i wish i could be your FOTM :(
I love my drama friends more than anyone else on earth.
#MyTop10GucciSongs Freaky Girl....
You're welcome. Good luck!
Manchester United all day.
LOVE campaigning in Lockport. Really nice people in a picturesque city, an important part of the soul of
Follow my alter ego skyedanielsxxx
Thanks! I will try to attend on the 8th.
I've crossed over to the dark side. It's pretty here.
Make way for a madman and a bull. - Spanish Proverb
scooootttttt! Come to Portland!
White "seeds" in a watermelon aren't seeds -- They're seed shells where a seed didn't develop.
that's the cutest thing ever!!!
They accidently left you off the most influential lawyers in the world list??? Yes, we noticed! It's just not right. ;o)
Hey whaddya say? White Eagle, Hammerhead, Wilbur Burger, fries, patio, sunshine? Yes sir!
Woo hooo! I've been getting updates on you from various people today. Glad everything went great! Hope recovery goes great!
the presentation went okay I guess. we probly got like a b or c. :/ this class gon bring my gpa down. :(
I'm so excited for 's EP!
where are you going?
Your now-one-person cult following says: Keep on tweeting, !
Fun day with
There's nothing wrong with wanting MORE! And stopping at nothing to get it. x
have we met? A/s/l?
No problem!! Happy to keep you connected during your travels. Have a safe trip!
thanks for the RT
Watching the State of the Union.
The wise sees them self in all beings and all beings in themselves. Therefore they never feel hostility towards anyone ~ Isha Upanisad
#Indy, you sure are gloomy out today, but we love you anyway.
LOL I get crazy and giddy at the very sight of beer ... I tend quote Hamlet when I'm giddy.
RT : Sad to lose a visionary.
Nice! (No excuses)
idc ab a girl. Lol id have to fight a dude tho.
Stomach in knots, nervous Af
well this guarantees you some gold bricks to heaven.
Thanks for the input, good luck!
maybe if we had windows I'd see more birds. (sigh)
is just saying, Ah, Brewers.
My heart is yearning for yhaa... Lemme inside you looovvveeee.!
Please tell me how I'm supposed to sit through school tomorrow.... #Ed'sababe
Going to shake it up with Howie Schneider and the #newsliteracy #medialiteracy folks at the March 16 event at UConn
Signed up to model in a fashion show. Should be fun.
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
Free class from The Writers Studio tonight in #Tucson. DM me if youwant to learn more about our method for teaching creative writing.
Won 1 mil chip pot against other biggest stack at table with Aq vs ?? On JT3K6, villain c/c whole way after I call his open in pos
Late-night beers, great conversation, and "Rock 'n Rolla" with Who knew, right?
Wow, what a concept. #Rockies hit three, simple line-drive singles, lead 1-0 in 1st.
I'M IN THE HOV LANE
Already the hockey geniuses are predicting a Devils sweep despite Cats splitting the regular season series.
you on twitter= fml
Does your chain hang low, does it wabble to the flo, can you throw it over your sholder, is it platinum or is it gold
#SNL is only trending because of
Good game Ravens! See you in the Playoffs!
haha i hope :)
An end marks a new beginning..
who signed
my Xfinity is acting stupid.. I hate this
Omg it's thundering! #TengoMiedo #Lechita #Undertow :(
#UCDavis students *allowed* police & chancellor to leave. Students knew their power, used it humanely. Police, admin could learn from that.
Hubs is obsessed with our new video surveillance system.
12g Cupcakes: chocolate, Oreo and Vanilla
If I'm #VH1 and wanna shine a light on politics for my tween demographic, I'm starting a bachelor type show with Herman Cain or Rick Perry
I am excited to see you here. I met you years ago. It was an honor.
HOT!!!! RT : Just saw a girl in a camo prom dress with an orange ribbon across the middle
k...love ya
Must be nice laying on the beach?
HCA rules in Wesport Ins. Corp. v. Gordian case involving setting aside an arb. award re s 18B of the Insurance Act (NSW): [2011] HCA 37.
walkin around the house wit white strips on my teeth and yelling vampire :) ha
I dont see haters like i'm blinking((;
I'm hungry...
At FutAd Direct Connections with the DC Ad Club and Rocketfuel
When is a good game we can go see?
Friend the AOA PS on Facebook! RT Tell your friends: we're almost to 700 fans. Can we reach that by the end of this month?
I wish.
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
The moment when you put your iPod on shuffle but you still flip to the specific song you want
Last chance! has the final pair of SOLDOUT Flo+TheMachine this hour! Is your Autodial ready?
well, that can't be good...
Whoa, now that's some luck!
this is the good stuff! so "player" in everyday speech, but "baller" only in rapping? //
Denver desperately needing Wilson Chandler this game sucks he ain't plauing
Life in LA
My counter (what I think will happen): Lou gone, Hawes back, Dre traded for veteran in the Al Jefferson, Luis Scola, Pau Gasol mold.
STOP following me on Pinterest. I signed up on accident. I will never PIN ANYTHING EVER.
The story you broke is trending on twitter in Chicago. That's pretty cool.
follow back? :)
I got like 3 months to lose like 10- 15 pounds... I'm tryna look cute in this prom dress :)
Thinking tat i might have a nnee celebrity crush... not only is it TAYLOR LAUTNER but now BRUNO MARS!!!! XD
I hate waiting up for people. Especially when my head hurts. ><
by looking at all the things I sent u can u tell where I love 2 shop?? u r so worth every penny I spent!! Thanks 4 all u do :))) LUV U
7:11 and traffic already on lake shore drive. I need to leave earlier if I'm going to take the bus.
just throwing out scenarios
Yandy, can you bring the trunk show to DC/MD/VA ?
Only 6 more days to enter for a chance to win $1000 off of our Battle Stations. Post a photo of you in an ugly sweater on our Facebook wall
I forgot to bring tea :(
#haters are trending now
How much of a blessing they would be. Was always deathly afraid of doing something wrong.
considered is a strectch
Staying true to our Applebees tradition
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Bermudez brings one in with the bases loaded to make it 9-7.
How about my beloved Baltimore Orioles? Thanks!
cool. (: That is so far away.
i can do anything around my boyfriend .. i burp & fart in front of him.. tell him when i have to take a shit and everything
Its friday and warm! Look out world here I come
Monday night football!!! Weekly FREEROLLS! Code TWITTER=35% bonus on 1st deposit!
I'm still waiting for someone to bust out a May Pole. In the meantime, happy #MayDay!
House Education Committee meeting beginning. Committee expected to vote on charter school bill HB 1228.
Cotto is the best opponent Floyd has fought to date
Ariana teaches us well.I was walking down the streets of New York and I gave money to a singer playing..A bunch of people started to give.<3
The ice cream man is going down my street .
About the out at second base...
well got bitched at for my grades in college, well one grade in college!!
Watching some people try out #google+ and intrigued by the skype-like 'hangout' feature but not feeling blown away just yet.
Thinking next Sunday might be a great day to check out the Baltimore farmers market
5 Starr chick<U+E335>
Enough fretting over finishing things. Away to dinner with a friend & then the This American Life simulcast!!
you want me to proof read the paper?
thanks! I will! I'm not so stoked about seeing it in 3D though =/
yeah! Always haha freaking toe...
Items in menu interopable across LOD
I'll be there!
The Harry Potter books and movies sparked many young people around the world to become interested in magic and conjuring as a hobby.
Met a scientist today who went to both Oregon and Oregon Sate; my first encounter with a "platypus" ;-)
shoot when u see me
Just presented at a library board meeting. Totally nervous, but things went well. Board members are just people (or so I told myself).
allynhoang Haha for sure :) When will you be coming by next? You owe me a shot from blue martini!2
I just got off the phone with my wife, a typical call while on the road, nothing unusual. And yet I feel so blessed to be married to her.
Lol it's funny when somebody think they know sumn. Can't nobody on twitter tell me they know who I talk to.
Usually I'm telling the truth when I say "just kidding"… I just realized it was a little too harsh <U+E410>
Need for online college education has an uphill trend due to its convenience and reliable courses. We are at your service for the same
it's nothing bad' ahaa
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually - Jimi Hendrix.
"I really like 'The Good Wife' " -
goodness only
LOL - that was one of my favorite episodes from old-school 90210....memories.
In my professional life show that you are human has been a weakness. Seems like in the new direction I am aiming, being human is an asset!
There's a NEW GROUP on Linked-In!!! Professional Actors & Casting Directors Network. This is a closed group for industry professionals.
Don't forget to go vote today!
": Im Trying To Call My Friend & My Phone Keep Saying Signal Lost:("
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
good but its kinda weird at the same time haha
yes I'm prego and trust me they press very Firmly on mine and I have to drink lots of water before them not cool!!!!
Bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
I thought watching porn was your writing inspiration?
Anndy Hoiser! You rock our socks off!!! Thank you for being so rad! Sending love at you from across the river! <3
Watching Forest Gump??
Madison's Voice.
JR Hildebrand told his crew, "I am so sorry!" I feel for him, how disappointing.
I'm in booth #904 at #alamw12. First person to stop by and show me this tweet receives a free DVD of Great #Libraries of the World
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl with my drummer. Peri's, the Sleeping Lady, and 19 Broadway in one night!
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
Hi Glen we have a few agents working for all our musicians and entertainers aiming to book them for 6 of our cruise liners
yes, its always hard to leave a place u love !!
Encore: dawned on me
A warm hello to all my new vegan&macro followers&followees. Exploring modern jazz is my twitter raison d'etre, but I enjoy talking food too.
If I had Eleanor Calder's legs I would go out and buy a TON of skinny jeans.
I feel like I'm in 2028
back at school. so glad to be. 18 on Friday. and i got a job
Rah rah oo la la Ga Ga ha ha ha!
on the bus headed to the skin magician - then it's off to the DMV.
miss you too. Its so cold :(
RT MSG previously projected Madison Square Garden renovation would cost max of $850 million. Now it's up to $977 mill. Yikes.
Realtor just sent a text that there's four consecutive days of open house starting tomorrow where I live & work. Really wanna move!
RT : If you like funny tweets, then you must follow now! They have some of the funniest tweets on twitter....
I done watched this Jhene Aiko live performance video way too many times already
Happy Texas Independence Day Yall! I'll definitely be rockin my cowgirl boots today.
sounds like some groveling that belongs in a locker room, not a tweet. Mike brown ain't phil jack.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government
DMX is what happens when you ignore your children....RT DMX is what happens when you ignore your feelings.
Was the $85 million handed over in a plain brown Gucchi bag? BTW - no 22 year old needs a spread like that. Absurd!!
IT WOULD BE LESS PRESSURE ON THEM OPPOSE TO THEM GOING BACK TO L.A. DOWN 0-2.
Ur camera is ready! :) Catch me today & every Mon :40 pm during the NBC Wash News4 w/ &
Also, one piece of rosemary shortbread left. It has your name on it.
I miss you homie
riot fest is on my birthday fdsajlkfdsalj
#eluna09 New model of bibliographical control thru a Metadata Mgt Syst (MMS) model. Allows libraries to share, yet maintain unique data.
Jen, the trip to the lodge was every bit as beautiful as everyone said. I was great. Now, rest and then an early flight home.
I aint exactly read up on the latest on the Saints suspensions, but it seems like a bit much to me...
The one mistake in Bachmann's campaign: MICHELLE BACHMANN!
Way to bust this game open #RedSox this is the kind of offense we need behind our ptiching!
Great piece!
Hey , you're so thoughtful and a real descent girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>treatin me good and showin u care. & it feels really great to hang witcha
Congrats ! You won March's Tiger's Tale contest! DM us and we will send you your RIT Tigers Afghan. :)
How much did you want to bet, Eddie. I must have missed your tweet with the amount.
is this some kind of colocation situation?
did I ever tell you just how PROUD I am of my children eveyone thinks their kids are the best I think my kids are #1 smart and doing things
Did you wave at my building when you drove past? Have fun down on our corner tonight!
why are you sad?;(
whuddup my boy
When people say art museums are boring god kills a kitten. Stop.
Sebastian Bach? His hair was so pretty. :0)
I was going crazy looking for the heat game lastnite lol its today tho
once you leave my class she always says he really scares me, he really does lmao
I call it what it do... My sprite so dirty fool
could say "modern" #opengov is {open src/content;access to info;open innov.} ideologies carelessly smushed together around "open"
This is going to be a powerful week for me Cynthia Harris being in action getting rid of fear and stepping into glory. go Cynthia
Obstacles are a given in life. But it’s your choice whether to view them as dead ends or detours. -Jack Canfield
let me know if u need a mix for these records you're doing.
thank you neighbors that don't lock their wifi. I don't know what I'd do without you.
Pretty sure I'm going to catch the plague while on my bus ride to Philly. Everyone is hacking, sneezing, sniffling. #passthepurell #
Happy Bobby Orr Day, Boston!
water never tasted so good until now
Friend to a client: "Wow! Do you really have a six pack (feeling her abs)." Cleint: "Well it's better than a fat pack!"
Of course raising standards for teachers in training would imply higher pay.
Always second best.
#ff cuz she is the best
Back in the abq
Good morning! In San Antonio, TX for holidays. Today our 7 month old grandson is being christened. A great day.
I'm officially depressed.
Have someone you want me to follow? Tweet me their username and I will!
you made last night's cam show fun! thanks for coming and camming and cumming ;)
gotcha...catch you next month
oh I think he's so sexy but he's not my fav =p
nothing :D
Who farted?
I hate that
everything natgeo does is so quality. their shows are so well filmed, their writing well researched. really refreshing to see it done right.
Loved chatting with last night and finding out how much we have in common. Our love of Paula Deen hams and mattresses. ;)
it's gonna be okay sis<3
Not sure how Kobe doesn't get that shot. Rode LeBron, gotta ride Kobe. He's done it before though. Let's see what he does at home.
Watching a show on NatGeoWild. Conclusion? Orcas are very bad news.
just got home from my brothers house and got to see my nephew and every time i see him he gets cuter and cuter!! I love being an aunt!
need a wardrobe makeover? know someone who does? TLC casting Atlantans for "What Not to Wear. " email: .
Whatever gets Doans punk ass off the ice is fine with me
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us, Spread the word please thank you
think of something to do afterwards
Lol okay BABY! ;) ( emphasize)
#ILove Guys with a nice body ;), nice personality, smiles a lot, silly, cuddles, huggers, and just themselves!
Nothing says better that you are back home in Texas than having to kill a scorpion before your 1st cup of coffee.
I'm too busy having a life to be at the crime scene lol
@ a career x-roads? Join me TODAY CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, auth of Navigating Through "Now What?" www.theWATTnetwork.com
ok sorry
OK, so somewhow Chris Bosh sucks when he plays, but is the Heat's MVP when he sits. That's talent
Thanks for putting it on my radar, it's great!
I knew there was a sea of RVs at #stagecoach when I walked through the park Sat. From the ferris wheel they are as far as the eye can see
Super tired! OKC need to hurry up & win!!!!
Just had a chickenburger, and now im eating my brothers birthday cake.ITS ALL CHOCOLATE Yuuuummmmyyy!
MUST. COVER. PREPS!
Who me?
isn't that Walt Disney!!!???
Feeling old today. Looked at the 2012 Van's Warped tour lineup. Miss the days of NOFX, , , ,
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED IS TRENDING:D
I just tried to type "Here" into my phone and it auto-corrected to "Gerevics"... what?
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving. W. T. Purkiser
Hell hath no fury like man who's team suffered upset loss.
Thanks for the tip, Where were they at?
I just posted a photo of kids playing with robots
sure buddy checkout out my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings very funny
It's lovely :) Definitely my favorite place to shop!! x Where're you, then?
so super excited for to be in the studio... gonna be one HECK of an album!
Cant Nobody Tell me What Aint Gon Be No More Think Im Gon Fall Dont Be So Sure
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Been studying for hours but it still makes no sence.
are you fielding a #dasball team?
smh he is something else I seen some nasty ish haha wyd
Yeah he's so perfect <3
go to sleep then
thank you! :)
you guys are so sweet!
Jenica Rogers: It's not OK: to not get Facebook, copyright, publishing when you're a librarian
I took ukelele lessons in Waikiki, I never heard that. I vote pretentious.
love will make you crazy . love will make you think . heavy on my mind . pour a shot for me to drink . i love it <3
hi will you FOLLOW RIGHT NOW !!I'LL FOLLOW BACK WHO FOLLOW HER :) QUICK !!
UCLA student group has their fourth annual Bruins Care musical to raise money for the Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS charity....
Thank you for the follow!
9th Circuit asks Prop 8 backers to brief issue of standing - whether they have right to appeal when governor & AG decline.
Sources indicate that formed Maryland QB Danny O'Brien has made the decision to transfer to Wisconsin.
I'll be over in 10!
sorry. was taken.
dude lets do radar dubs it's so easy and so fun!!!
"If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito" RT ()
KC area auto plants gear up for tougher standards
Thanks Jen!
Big shout out to and the GRAMMY Foundation for putting on many amazing charitable events during the GRAMMY festivities.
having read the comment in question, my inclination is the same as Hillel's. but see his caveat
Arrieta cleanly fields comeback for first out of the season to get Span out.
I think I remember liking that last year. Pretty good?
#Spartacus returns tonight? Dunno if I wanna watch it after Andy died.
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy. ~ Robert A. Heinlein
Go To Sleep!!!! lol
yes I joined the #teaparty news site the address is www.uniteandstate.com it has dems reps and indies. I like it so far.
Either I've turned into or 100 words is way less than it sounds like!
": "Injest only what you can lest you be forced to outjest to much of what you have done" #StDrunken"
Thanks for the shout-out. Glad you're enjoying the T-Facts. If you see a good one, feel free to re-tweet! -the Team
Oklahoma, you will be dearly missed. You have supplied me with so many amazing people that I hold dear to my heart! LOVE!!!!!!!!!
It's difficult to physically mail something. Ingredients: pen, paper, envelopes, stamps, address of destination, and mailbox.
Happy Birthday!
suck sum dummy
Omg wut did I miss!
Im only a freshman...the fuck was i thinking?
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you. Not someone who is very good with just the word, "sorry."
PANEL INFO: Out of Print & On-Screen SIS Founders Rm #OPrint Moderator
Merry Christmas you sexy animals. We <3 You
Lions take Suh and Best. Great 1st round, however Best would've been there at 34. Mayhew panicked.
mo..mo...im a chicken lol
Liking it so far, and it's a quick read. Not sure it will have the same stranglehold on my dreams as Game of Thrones did, though.
I'm on 2 Zertec and a glass of water!
Last day of work before #vegas4thekahles. Spending it daydreaming about
i hope! I barely remember them!!
Great article.
“: Your motto is You Only Live Once? Thanks for identifying yourself as a whore.”
"what will it do to your biz if the standard mortgage becomes 20% down w/750 credit score?"
Yes! Must play and the last couple times you have found the cash icon in no time! We are excited to have you play again!
you time.I know all this because you see my wife has early onset Alzheimer's disease, it has been 5 years now,
RT: Some cars should require the driver to have a mullet."
hopefully when the Astros move to the AL, they'll ditch the ugly uniforms, logo and color and go oldschool
how can u run clock with a 1 point lead?
OK, this time from the right account: Maybe try kicking & punching, too? We'll hoist a glass of something in your honor, buddy.
#p2 If all these so called "job creators" really wanted to crate jobs, we wouldn't have a jobs crisis.
Friday FRA Funday! Go gray team!
we gotta hang out lady
Ah dude I think I'm going to die from excitement!! just followed me! #dead Ah I LOVE YOU!<3333
Now *this* is how you do a halftime show.
DOT to hold news conference today on I-39/90 Project - one of the largest highway projects in south-central WI. NBC15 at 4 p.m. for details!
Too bad for that was a must have game there.
stellar, I'll practice this during my jog tonight
GREAT day of recruiting, next years Mens XC team is looking solid! Commitments & LOIs Oh My!
": check email"BET IT UP
Have you stopped by the booth to check out their 2011 vehicles? Plus grab some free stuff! Thanks for being here.
Hope y'all are enjoying your swanky #WHCD parties. I am home watching Michael Douglass movies eating takeout & couldn't be happier about it
How to stop Rangers? If from New York: Braden Holtby. If from Texas: Rain.
Please follow he is an incredible human being, wisdom beyond his years...
Your #business is never really good or bad "out there" your business is either good or bad right between your own two ears
Is this for a game? Sounds mysterious.
thank you for introducing me to i don't know how i went this long without knowing about it!
Internet issues. We're working on it.
Calling all magicians and magic lovers: Who wants to help us get to 100 followers today?
Happy Mothers Day Peeps.
See you folks at Jovitas this Wed. Lucky Tomblin Band at 8p and The VBB at 10p.
Now playing: Jesse McCartney / The Best Day of My Life.
4 more hours to kill
Mom has informed me that she wants a pair of gold earrings for Christmas after losing her other pair earlier last week.
Jeremy Lin thinks that this Peyton Manning this is getting too much coverage.
Cheapest rates in town. All CC & cash accepted. Less than 10min wait city wide Seattle! (206)722-7696
Getting Ready For The Party
I am so blessed to have my friends, writerly, artsy, Austin + Brooklyn girls making movies, penning articles, takin no prisoners! <3 y'all!
we're so much alike -___-
Im to happy. Who was making jokes.
Busting up a starbucks...no actually at the drive thru. So suburban of me.
Whats a sista gotta do to get to follow me?
was so thirsty to be apart of this friday shit, that when he got locked up in twitter jail, he just hacked account
love it, Did you get the txt :)
Just gotta get a 44% on this test today at 1, and I'm a free man!!
- I got plenty mothafuckin"
I want one of him on a patter. :)
Hatching plans...
PLEASE DO A USTREAM
#HungerGames is INCREDIBLE. Truly impressed. Nicely done #JenniferLawrence. I sincerely hope to work with u one day. You truly have a gift.
Don't think so Kevin. I shared a cab with another conferee. Cost $30.
Up way to early !
AW you so nice :)
Just ask Bud Selig #2002allstargame RT : Tie games don't sell tickets
Haven't been able to reach anyone in the midwest for the last couple of days...it's like there was a blizzard that shut everything down!
send us some of the rain. Need it here in Rochy imagine!
Thanks buddy!: : sports info. for pure awesomeness. for movies. Expert photog
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
Look what you've done.
i caught a frog! #hypetweet!! im naming her lily <3
Meatloaf mashed potatoes and corn for dinner
Music should be your escape. Missy Elliot
oh true. I kind of tweeted out before you said anything. Very un-courteous of me.
yup! Ayee we bought to have anotha fun night or what? <U+E405><U+E105>
Happy Mothers Day to my loving, kind, strong and amazing mother! LOVE HER! <3!
re: US-France film exh. That was my first question, too. Sounds like those in copyright will only be displayed in reading room?
word on the follow. Digging the tunes.
Thanks for the shout out.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??
FF! We appreciate you guys!
Im lovin all these fights on Viddy!!
Punctuation is your friend. Yahoo headline: At Last Singer Etta James Dies
#stm2012 ivy Anderson making a great point that Wikipedia & Google can be valuable research tools
wow.. who falls off a bike..
after a two hour meeting, a large fry is definitely a necessity.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Friday Fish Fry! Stop in for delicious dessert samples too, yum
record "you are my sunshine" that would just be loverly!
Alex, just let me know.
We are - Thanks!! “: way to interface w/players. Businesses make player branded games, apps..."
I'm annoying.
That's the one exception I'll make. They can say "run don't walk" on Black Friday only. ;)
Regs fault that 100 points scored - no defense allowed
yep colds can be sneaky
Happy Holidays!!
i just met him yesterday through who i met briefly from :D i just make friends quick i guess :)
Thank you! RT Special thanks to our friends at Wells Fargo Advisors for a great lunch and donations for !
I love the workers at the market. They're so nice.
so bored someone talk to me
If I could get in trouble in more today >:(
Sure. So who's doing the other 1:30? :) Maybe a Twitter call for 3 more segments?
I'm so lame.
OMG, that's just ridiculous man. Her body is just insane. Makes me believe in God lol. Thank you for showing me that
Either way, I want it between the spot and the six.
i just ran into a chair..
Thank you and Jack Joseph Puig!
REPHRASE!: I'd suck someones peepee for a pair of KILLER Red Bottoms and a Michael Kors bag.
I miss friendster.
To everyone who can be called a Mother, Happy Mothers Day to you! From all of us here at Beach Cruiser Town.
RT : Just wrapped up an interview w/ and at the Dove Awards Pre-Show ()
Samoas cookies. serving size=2 cookies. Really? 2? just 2? Not the whole box?
Richard isn't supposed to say P2P in public. It's like having one's slip showing.
You are never given anything that you can't handle.
This 2.5 hour yoga class better help how I'm feeling
no. but ive been educated now
RT : #AHA2012 Sinclair scraping text online an important skill for humanists - just a minimum of coding
We all want to wish you a very Happy and Safe New Year! Be safe, and have a blast. ;)
“: Only for a lil bit lol” shit it's been since eighth grade as far as I kno lol
And don't blame Red Hook. McLovin yes, Red Hook no.
np more to come got my tickets and looking forward to a lip smacking good time
What she said----> : Robin Thicke *swoon*
Bridgestone. Like tires.
and...don't get shot, seems simple
god he's hot
Midday on the Bay with Rona Kobell: reigning in storm water, saving Back River Thursday noon
Cant wait for you to see it! RT : Can't wait to see it bro!
Indiana win kinda expected with NCC the foe. Who is NCC? Exactly.
thanks for hugging me at the premire and loved the new
Awesome slides!
Did I ever mention how awesome is? Because they are. Only people I know who rave about their bank are fellow USAA 'ers.
Worst. Pain ever RT Now I'm Omw to Walmart to get orajel...I gotta get this tooth pulled or somethin
Glad to be getting a bit of unexpected St. Paddy's Day celebration time today!
I seen u at the bus stop.
he seriously pisses me off, I get embarrassed for him!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
We had a major release of WordFrame Integra software platform recently .. will update the account here with the latest achievements soon
it is. Yes it is. #justinbieber :)))
Breaking Bad is too good
/abc ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts Interview avail
Yess we do. Like seriously. What are you doing this weekend?
Yes! RT : Nothing makes me cry tears of sadness like a history book on an amazing topic drowning in bad academic prose.
Kasra & André Seirafi: I realize #MW2012 ended without my making it to the booth. If you're still in town Sun. AM, let me know.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
“: I enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.”
Hah, my first thought when I read the tweet was that maybe #THATintern just couldn't find way back to their desk
Have you heard Valen Rhodes? Her song Cherish it gave me chills. Check it out.
was bold and re-tweeted I have permission now.
i'm excited about attending #alamw11. downloading the scheduling app for my android now. great job ALA
lol we are ready for you Mel :-) I thought I heard you singing!
so happy my mom loved her mother's day present and card :D
": Proud of my brother "----Thanks sis. I preciate dat babe....4 real.
have fun :)
Make sure to check out Rexford's blog at rexfordwarnock.tumblr.com
never say that to me again.
I guess ICC (International Criminal Court) is only for the countries without nuclear weapons..
SingleStop and CUNY celebrating their partnership today at luncheon! Watch for more!
look at you...tweeting like a pro.
I got your post card and it made my week.
“: These next moves I am making won't even make sense to a lot of people but watch what God do... You should favorite this one...”
How you Grown as Hell but still get on Punishment?
Hello Friday... Oh, how I've missed you!
cher! you're gorgeous!
Hey Myspace can sync with facebook now!?
Hello Love :)
So upset because I haven't got a package from yet with the webcam :'(
I am not crazy. My reality is just different than yours.
(...)should I cancel that and pay for it in app? If I do can I use Premium on more than one device (not simultaneously)?
RT : Highlight of today was using "bloviating" in context, referring to myself.
I just realized in your first vlog together you played the titanic song just like in your last one. Just thou ...
I want to meet the one who produced #SAYSOMETHIN with
Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares Life-Saving Safety Lessons - Sacramento Bee Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares Lif
BIG NEWS:
I swear to God, my intentions were GOLD.
To try and better read headstones for transcriptions, use mirror/flashlight & take a picture! Photoshop can work wonders & clarify. (2 of 2)
Thanks again! We'll be in touch!
I know some of yawl look at beyonce baby, then look at your baby and think damn what the hell did I create.
:3 i hope the cat pictures never stop
got it. i was thinking about cooperative learning - i can see the teaching part in a couple of them.
Telegram from = day making.
"We Still Live Here" by Dir. Anne Peacemaker, is about the "Revival" of a Native American language. Airs tonight on Lens.
Trying to get 1D concert tickets!
put it in a video, then delete it later ;)
What's a guy gotta do to get some music gear around here!!!!!
West Michigan actually was an affiliate of Oakland from '94-96 along with Tacoma, Huntsville, and Medford
I'm reading Stranger's Child, love the first section, reminiscent of Atonement.
PINK PHIL will attend our first fundraiser tomorrow! We'll document and send to u!
No thanks.
RT : It's hard to celebrate the new employment numbers knowing that Peyton Manning is still without work.
5 of the 7 candidates are here. Trayvon Martin forum
My graduation outfit D O P E !
One of my favorite parts about #MeatlessMonday? How good meat tastes on Tuesday.... eggs w/ bison + chicken sausages for breakfast m
you might check w/ since they work a lot with musicians + health insurance, if that's an angle yr taking.
This is my first
sounded awesome on #SNL :)
Haha its so much fun!!! LOL! Whats your username?? Im looking for ppl to follow haha
: I doubt it!
and after His death upon the cross all those centuries ago, He (Jesus) rose from death on the first day of the week, conquering sin and....
They could - but I'm thinking UK Wildcats are stronger. RT : So do you have UNC winning the title :)
sorry for the late notice, but I just got called in to work. Can't make our game :(
Just printed out 3 years worth of writing. Just wrote it and never looked back. It will be exciting to see what I wrote. or disappointing?
must follow now!
Ah, well, yeah.
Guess its me watching tv while he plays on his phone...
maybe NO one was seeing my posts, unless they were tagged.
7 in the morning. And I'm awake. I need a cuddle buddy. Home tomorrow. :D so ready to see my family, friends, and boyfriend. :)
Bord to death
Wow...what a hell of a game lol. #CELTICS NATION
“: song of the day: NO MYTH - MICHAEL PENN” I effing love this jam :)
lol, I've been watching Melrose Place season 6, Vol.2, since I've seen all of the 90210 seasons lol... I'm hooked on MP:)
WOW! Literally 2 months off here! I missed you guys!! Sorry for the little hiatus but i'm back now!
Laying up with your boo watchin a movie >>
If at first you don't succeed, blame it on somebody else. Then try, try again.
Just realized how much I'm going to miss the beautiful foreign boys of Boston. :(
Faith and hard work is what brought success to Orphan V.
been a minute..keep in touch
I like him,but I like him,but I like him,but I like him,& I like him.But I like number one the most.Confused yet?I am.
damn im tryna get in the shower and my mama won't let me!!
Imagine Trey songz with blonde hair O.o lmao
That moment when you feel really pretty but no one's around to see. :( SECOND DAY IN A ROW!
Check out tweets. She's having knitting emergency! :-)
We r working on NJ and if u know someone who wants to open in their area please let us know!
yeh u can see on my followers :)
Im SO ready to mosh my heart away tonight with <3 tonight <3333
What's future of aggregation, , robowriters? It's all about getting more people linking together & sharing
Ay Youve been on twitter for a long time follow me dm me something Plz
God, he really liked her.. He followed her all the way out with his eyes.
Maybe black and white is the best medium for landscapes, I don't know.
Thanks everyone for attending - feel free to reach out if we can help. Look forward to more API conversations in the future!
“: San Antonio showed the world why they have the best record in the by dominating the game.”
#FF these talented artist
Watching MLB Baseball.
Nice!!! I like small sizes! Have a great day... xox
Happy Mother's Day from all of us Nerds!
Looking for some #WHOOTY S & HOTTIES 2 help spread the #EDuBBVirus here in Tampa! If you are interested get @ me...
#sea If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
NIGHT NIGHT
that makes too much sense!
City of Madison landlord asking for another months rent security deposit ($600) to renew a lease after living there for 2 years.
I'll be happy to blurb it for them, if they give me a pet direwolf.
stay up ma nigga #SOSA BANG BANG
I'm feelin so exhausted tho...
why dont you elbow him?
Good Morrow To You & No Problem Lady Gina...
Letz get together n do sum shyt
erica whats wrong?
#chartership Hello! I'm Kelly - a Library Assistant in an academic library. Haven't started yet but want to so following along
business administration.
It's kinda like a unicorn, lots of pictures on line but no one has seen it in real life.
thanks baby! s/o to your for getting the word out! RT : S/O to my History Professor
Can yall please follow me?!
There you go ruining our fun!
"ONE FETUS TO RULE THEM ALL"
The USA Gov't is a treasonous bunch of turn coats hell bent on the destruction of liberty
Is anybody else ready for winter to be over and spring gardening???
Are you taking Fish Oil? Too many benefits to neglect it! Hieber’s has a variety of Metagenics fish oil products in stock right now....
it's all going... moving changing churning rising and falling... how about you? would love to chat some time. miss you. xoxo
She Just Called My Word Ugly -__- .
just a floating pyramid...maybe a floating mountain?
Great C.S.A. (Casting Society of America) meeting in NYC last night. Thanks Kate!
May 3 – 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage on Duval St. will be open
Always sad when something beautiful ends. But it means something beautiful begins.
lol girls suck. boys suck. I'll stick to cats and dogs
It does more than keep my beer cold!! Over the top, but kinda neat.
are you still at the hotel?!
Re the eclipse the same applies if your midi heaven (10th house cusp) of ascendant is 0/1 degree of an air sign
Your fears are the hiding place of your greatest triumphs.
Already on it!
Ole, what fun workshops with Antonio. You can still sneak in tomorrow for Baile &/or Palmas starting at 6:30...
I hate that these nfl insiders are tweeting the picks way ahead of time.. kinda takes the fun out of guessing
Beautiful spring day is no match for Red Bull urban assault vehicle full of chodes playing tacky hiphop and house music. Thanks, fuckheads.
thanks man!
Thank You! Be full of hope & expectation today! After all, it is the day that the Lord has made!
Choose love.
will be visiting your casino & Tripple 7's Pub Saturday night for the first time with friends. We are all coming from MN.
If you like Check out !
my hair was fake as fuck!
Last night in Miami beach so the usual trip to joes stone crab...
Retweet if you sleep good
Cheese Curds and Big Birds!!! :-)
Back in RI for the weekend. For laffs I put WBRU on the radio. 1st is Smashing Pumpkins then Beastie Boys. Like I never left.
lol aye its better than nthn. but yal gon b gettn a few grand n a min
well played. :)
Sorry gang, didn't mean to ruin anyone's 4/20.
Betty's Family of Restaurants is now The Columbus Food League! Follow us here:
The writing was always on the wall. It also appeared on everything he ever touched! Silly me
Happy Holidays!!!!
#JustHeard on NBC-5 Chicago commercial: "Rod Blagojevich has a new job in prison"
Watching the year without a Santa Cause :) classic
Come on clippers!!!
yes it is!
Just gonna say it: I miss working alongside old man every day
remember when we saw the league live and taco sang the birthday song
I love that you score high on "English Misuse."
Played basketball in the pool with
not our rules. What in the world did you do??
You're super welcome. All hail the thirsty wench! :)
Lol karma. Sorry I'm not sorry.
Read that 50k people have died at the hands of mexican drug cartels since 2006.
What are your most memorable experiences on Twitter? Oh yeah. That one guy said hi to me. I said hi to that other guy.
Oh yeah. 4 and 5 piece bands should just fold right now.
live in my fatass life :D
BBQ looks great - glad you tried it.
Happy Mothers Day
Careless world album >>
Why would anyone wear one voluntarily? RT : The fat guy in a Bartolo Colon jersey at #AsFanFest may actually be Bartolo Colon.
It seems most people think of computers and phones when they hear the word "technology". Do any of you think about cooking?
Great. A nice long security line at the airport. Just how I wanted to start out the morning.
will Fesenko even get any minutes? or is he going to only come in when Hibbert and Lou are in foul trouble?
Love, love, love. That is the soul of genius. -Mozart.
Burfict flunked the pre-draft drug test?? NO WAY!
Also, when people said "bless you" after you sneeze, it sounded like everyone said "blush you" o.O LOL I still say it like that too =\
need me a wonderfully flattering and adorable holiday dress to work my 8+ month pregnancy bump or should I say BUMPS!
Jessie J - Sometimes Dreams Come True (Unreleased Song 2011) - Send to friends
Rain! Yay! Forgot what it sounded like. It's beautiful.
Fun... & having #studyhall at - anyone else in #MKTG118 heading to tonight? Referral bonus?
Money talks!!
thanks baby (:
One Step Closer To Starting My Career If I Get This Job !
oh my god! you look good brische
ipad with Verizon LTE would be nice. Wonder how the network will hold up.
Puts on his T-shirt and turns light switch off.....Goodnight peeps<U+270C>
last I heard had retired, because getting a Master's doesn't leave spare time. Co Petition is good!
no problem. Hope you have a great weekend too!
if you say so Mr. Malone or is it Malong lmao xD
Running into lots of old friends...that's the marvelous part of
I'm just cool like that ;) Besides, us and are doing the Montreal road trip some day
Getting ready for the #RAWSupershow tonight at CONSOL with ! Mr. Laurenitis, you sir, are an ass!
thanks to me, my friend is in love with you & connor franta. She thinks you're all sexy. lol
- surprising that the paleontologist line didn't result in that kind of behavior
Thanks for the #ff love!
My credit card company closed my account because I didnt verify my address after living in the same place for 5 years
RT Follow Fabulous Females Friday!
The bus smelled like yellow mustard.
blah this summer is going to be crazy... graduation. college orientation. lifeguarding class. working. school ... idfk
:-) RT : not leaving my pickle behind
but iam defff downloading your app when i get it and christines getting one soon. soo she'll download it too!
Hi Everyone, what do you think of our new homepage? We always appreciate your feedback.
WiFi is simultaneously the best and worst thing to hit NYC museums since tourist season.
Hey would it be possible for you to follow me please because Imve. Tried so mny times, and fail....please Justin...I love youu
Internal service quality begets external service quality.
sure am..
check it out for sure. The chrome plugin makes link sharing a breeze
I wish I could go to coachella :(
I want an Iphone tired of my Blackberry...
just woke up from nap. So far feeling better. May attempt solids soon.
RT : "It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you are not." Denis Waitley
im finna text you...
Terrible 2's got your head in a spin? Join us for Time Out, Positive Approach to Discipline sponsored by June 4th...
FDMF huge sub penn play now in effect
Thanks so much for the mention! Happy Cooking, Patsy
I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting -.-
Whatever it is you need to do, today is the day to do it.
Camas, Evergreen, Vancouver and Washougal schools closed today. Raining in Portland.
Happy Mother's day my lady.
Spraypaint can in hand, off to to contribute to the community canvas (in alley behind rio Rita) Will post photos soon!
Thanks for the RTs you guys :)
She said call her back but I dont know her house num...sm-h Guess I gotta learn that by heart now
Hey! Just sending a nudge, is the meeting still happening today? :)
Karma always delivers. Just wait. You're next.
Who is trying to watch the OKC vs Lakers Game tonight?
I'm sorry, but i can't "go to hell." my restraining order states i can't be within 100 feet of it.
O i need a workout buddy too!!
Its snowing and I was just watching it fall wishing I was as pure as snow.....my Heavenly Father would be so proud of me
Instead of feeling bad about the #SKC loss, I'm feeling sorry for Montreal Impact and the pain they will receive on may 5!
whoop whoop =)
Thx, have a super fun #FollowFriday and a fabulous weekend!
What's your favorite part of the holidays?
I don't blame the agencies for pursuing this as a PR activity (but I do blame them for not making it one).
yes fresh coffee and beignets as well
(bryan) ...and you can follow her on her personal twitter account over at
Had a great time at The Hank Stewart's White Linen Affair. What a blessing!
Please stop labeling it a 'convenience charge' there is nothing convenient about it.
Bike ride tomorrow from Georgetown to Great Falls, slight chance of rain, strong chance of FUN!
went to your link but got a "forbidden" message
Going to call it an early night!!
what are you up to tonight in SEA?
we had the honor of seeing him on
LOL Where the hell were you during my first marriage??? :)
No prob!! Welcome to Twitter.
RT : A1: Needed exp to gain exp. Now great story tellers can create a searchable body of work prior to a job.
did I hear right? The Domino will be at OVW next Wednesday night?
A colleague of mine is processing a group of stills from Gregory Peck's first movie. Made my day!
I think imma start lifting weights this summer. I've never been concerned w my body, but uh, things are about to change lol.
Any chance you'll help with "Don't Sun Our Buns" project to tint the windows in the rabbit room?
(Via ) ...Can I have it back next time I'm Here? In Sept? -Nope. I like reading it.
rhythm was a dancer
Chainmail is the fabric of OUR lives. Loved the iron maidens at
It's never too late to make things right
Freeman is the real deal but he is currently being over drafted...I would urge caution to all those who select him early in
Hey guys, sorry, I was going long & didn't elaborate. got it: "unscalable for as long as possible."
I really dont like any of our presidential candidates.
how did they change it?
“: I want to publicly thank my presenting partner in crime at #RETSO, the wonderful ! You are simply awesome!”> SPECTACULAR!
So we just started a Pinterest account. What do you think we'd be interested in? Post on our facebook and we might add it!
.. and now scala! ugh
accountant ShawnQ takes 7 on his first golf hole ever...
as someone who grew up in the texting gen, I'd say I've only seen 10 of these used. This is highly exaggerated.
Tracking some bluegrass and gypsy jazz today. No click, no headphones, all one room. Refreshing.
Have a great holiday! RT Alright people, I'm checkin' out of the office for the weekend.
good luck with getting this city council to do anything but look after themsevles.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
Mrs. Spradley just got on me about always being late to school, thought she was gonna break through that glass & kick my ass. Lol
what's it called when earl scruggs has a problem?......
Rose out next season... RT : Cole says timeframe for Rose’s return is in 8-12 month range. Sometimes shorter, sometimes longer.
Happy Wednesday!
"Happy BirthdaY"
Strive For Everything You Believe In
I remember i had a flip phone & thought i was the shit ! Lmaoo !
you're welcome. Looking forward to the tweets
It is what it is
Give a shout out to David Schwartz & David Chamberlin, story tellers @ Mon's season opener, Under the Influence. 410-332-0033 for tix.
Saw Avengers n Safe n loved both of them
Oh. I LOVE the semi-dried tomatoes at Skappo. Worth a trip to NH for those alone!
is that what we look like? (the fans? ;-)
I can't wait to move to Fayetteville.
The chances of another miracle comeback just dropped.
Obviously. Who thinks the key is anything other than eating less snickers and doritos?
Maybe I can hurt feelings sometimes..ehh be careful what you wish for
not impossible
It's Friday! After a rainy Thursday so we are trying to get caught up & have no appointments available today.
Good Morning World! Today is going to be an amazing Day
How was Old Jews Telling Jokes?
Working w/ Dir. Jonathan Silverstein, Great question 2 ask yourself for an audition 'What about the character is similar to you?"
130 cappers with their FB pks posted today and consensus on the birds & Un and CFB game under and back Friday..See ya at the window
Oh Brett Lawrie, you crazy s.o.b
#HOP is the definition of swag, swag isn't something you get instantly after buying a pair of Jordan's and new clothes.
Looking for independent music/entertainment publicist for new biz opportunity.
Dang. No power again!! Someone tell me how these games are going !!
the article on the "'big' weakness" is so wrong that it's unbelievable. Have you ever watched a Spurs game?
Agreed, #STEM edu must have context. What role would #afterschool programs have? Many get intersted in sci that way.
There is no such thing as inaccuracy in a photograph. All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth. – Richard Avedon
Haha, thanks! And it supports #Irene victims - that's a good reason to wear it. Guess lady didn't know ;)
Thanks. She was a sweet little lady.
Kitty Purry? :p
we got snow today...for about 2 minutes
So you're saying we shouldn't make everyone at Open Theatre after the directors a VP?
That was an error, the "never let them log off" function isn't supposed to debut until next year.
I'll bet that took some planning
Broncos defense has been playing pretty good today.
Hawk cares.
#HappyBirthdaytoHarryStylesFromTurkey I hope you're all happy. live long and happy, I really like you,
no. i miss you the mostt dear.
You're a good friend! Thanks for the advice! :-)
Just ordered our Turkey online. What did people do in the olden days?
Happy Mother's Day! Treat mom to a wonderful meal today and show your love w/a heart shaped cake!
yeah ill be in it :D
Bro, my mama finna piss me OFF !
On the way to Big Wangs Hollywood! Come join us!
The Bellmen will be playing tonight at Cedar Street Courtyard for a chance to wina #SXSW show.
RT : I am who I am. Who I am is me.
Did you go gta-ing today? ;D
Excited to be learning from the staff of next week about their work RE learning through interests.
i could never really pull off a puffy shirt...fyi
Won two games of mum ball #duh…winning
Big job interview this morning. I'm really nervous :/
Congrats on landing John Wall! I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate you coming to UK and doing this for us!!!
"MADONNA is the QUEEN of POP" is a Twitter trend? Really? Y'all are that shallow? Give me Ronnie Spector or Mary Weiss any day....
OPRAH's PICK: Her pick is Michelle Rhee for #superintendent in #Newark ( Creator of WaitingForSuperman.com)
GL and Byron as well, even if you guys aren't expert folders.
Wrote like three songs tonight....
i have mixed emotions.
Not only so talented but beautiful inside and out. What you said to those foster kids they wont soon forget.
that flavor could vary greatly upon the stewing liquid, though.
So cool to run under a clear starry sky. Great way to start the day!
SET Nightclub presents tonight | LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar |
15 years ago a 12 pack would be easy. Now (at 37) I think I could, but wouldn't clear 6.
James Rucker, ColorOfChange Founder is my role model. Silicon Valley entrepreneur turned Social Justice advocate.
Thanks to all of my latest followers from this past #Halloween week-end alone: 10+! - Management ()
#OdetoOldFlames is coming! I produced a real soulful duet w/ and .....can't wait till yall hear it!
Curious how many #DSUM12 peeps are #G+ users
Thanks #CommLab2012 Emerald Sponsors
Two Door Cinema Club in Dallas this summer!
Greg Robinson: Education does not begin & end when the bell rings.
my presentation went really well. Thx for the mention !
this is gonna be a very long HU, i think.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
Ready to break down and cry. Why do people always gotta F me over ?
i would kik u but i wanna listen to saysomethin lol
The Vikes with the #1 pick? Would they take Luck and give up on Ponder already?
YES I WAS GONE ALL DAY!!! ): BUT OMG.
Ah, my left hand is free of it's prison. Next step: moving my hand again. It's dead right now & more than a bit sore, to say the least.
Sweet write-up.
hmm.. what to do. what to do?
oh btw I got paid yesterday so I actually bought your EP :P I'm gonna start burning copies. Prepare for a FL fanbase xD
This season....much better then last years...talent....choreo....MUCH BETTER. No offence...
i dont want to wake up for softball tommrow boo.
Heard you on podcast and looked up all your fights on the internet, I'm now a fan. Big-ups from a fellow judoka!!
Excited to hear his ideas for 2012, the year of the Gemeinhardt :)!
": Pogo Skate Shop #BlackFriday Sale 50% Store from 9am-11am! Retweet and make sure we see you there!"
Thanks! Anything to work in a few bird puns!
Your problem is you act like you don't have a problem.
no , sadly , in the front is for lip gloss.
I'm really not feelin' the sound of having school tomorrow while my whole class is at grad bash, bleh
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I really want to rant right now... But I won't :) gotta sleep
Goodbye Dion :( your retweets will be missed...oh yea and basketball skills too
I won't let love disrupt, corrupt, or interrupt me...
Agreed! This is very irritating.
I know I'm not depressed anymore whn I really want to drink some booze.
Milk and milk products are good sources of 3 out of 4 short fall nutrients...#eatplaylove webinar
And on an unrelated note, spell check recommended I replace 'catchable' with 'catchpenny.' WTF IS A CATCHPENNY
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, January 7&8! Tickets Starting @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com! RT
“: If you're looking for Brewers updates, follow ... The guru of information for the Crew.”
I cut my bangs to short
that is the beauty of group reading, lower lvl readers can grasp more complicated texts
awk justin bieber follows me,, lawlzzzz
Do any of you know what's going on with the Admirals and their goaltending decisions?
Thanks :) How're you doing, mama? How's baby #2?
#FF follow these sexy people from ! & their beautiful touring members
I've done both. Totally recommend southern Spain/Barcelona. Scotland is pretty fabulous but I was disappointed in Ireland.
still waiting for u..lol
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years. Rupert Brooke
Melismatics hit the stage at 10:15PM tonight at Hotel Monte Vista!
acting for what? Icarly?
Late night fridge raid. Aged Gouda, melon, hazelnuts and leeks spread on crackers. M.
thx for all of your support yesterday!
I hate women because they always know where things are. ~Voltaire
are they cute at least?
looks like a nice article about him
I think the Celebrate Oregon event can be called a resounding success! Thanks to all the volunteers that made it possible!
Thank you, sir!
I hate essay questions more than essays! Especially in history
a shoutout to a funny guy .
After writing something the other day, I'm starting to think that recognizing the possibility and embracing it may be the meaning of life.
It's not comparable, yet, though it will doubtless get there. But "conservative" is the wrong pole: statists and libertarians.
Party rockin' in the house tonight!
do they have common law marriage?
please follow me austin
-No, & owns Richmond right now
5 Reasons I'm still single: <U+2714> Liam Payne. <U+2714> Louis Tomlinson. <U+2714> Harry Styles. <U+2714> Niall Horan. <U+2714> Zayn Malik.
seriously, I think I've had nightmares about that situation
I have it girl haha my username is my twitter name :)
I follow you dude xD haha
do you ever do anything besides eat, girl? <3
Thanks for the RT!
Awesome! RT : Field trip day-Bloomington children's museum & Monicals with 50+ preschoolers & their families
Lol my bf gone say icnnt tlkk to any boys watsoever I'm like yhu talk to lots of girls he qone say so wat.! How's tht fair.!?!
jealous!! How long have you been married?
I agree. Dems only hope is Jennifer Roberts name recognition
i'm excited about the game, but part of me just wants to say fuck it and go to the beach.
Okay and now the Monster from this morning is settling in... I feel like screaming and running around like a barmy lady!!
just heard matthes, and weege's interview on dmxs...why do they have to worry about weather or not a rider looses money or not? ..
" I want #SixersVsCavs tickets NOW!"
YES HE DID!!! WHAT A GREAT #WrestleMania Except Jericho not winning the tittle.
Fletcher says he wants to create an entertainment complex without raising taxes.
Nope. After 2 failed dinner attempts @ Torrisi & Eleven Madison Park, ended up
right!? Instant downer. The song Christmas Shoes is worse though!
I have a "facebook" template created in Power Point. Would that help with creating a yearbook?
i'm good at playing pretend
Wtf #twitter is always tyrn to kill somebodii gosh now it ; he's not going anywhere #bumBitches <3
P.S. , I get that you want us to vote for , but waking up to 14 texts from Twitter is not cool!
There's something about the ear-drum filling beats of Dubstep that perfectly cancel out coffee house noise.
I love the new Stoli "Go fan yourself" campaign. Smart engagement.
Follow Get the OFFICIAL Skai to #13k followers. She is the real Skai. SWEAR!!!!!!!!!
Bout to help my friend get his music out there! :)
Courtliness of manner
So excited to meet some of my Twitter colleagues at #CALIcon12 in San Diego! It's my first conference.
they would actually cancel the show for you
Not yet but we're pretty sure we know where she is. She just can't stay off the internet...
great background on your twitter! is it kozyndan?
YAY! Glad you're working on Grease! You're awesome :o)
yesterday's workout was mild..but, still had 30 min of cardio plus weights..tomorrow going to try and pump it up!!
You have the power to change your world by changing what you say when you talk to mind.
yes! getting out of work early. vacation is just about to begin.
Today when I woke up, there was a spider on the ceiling. Directly above my face. Ew.
McLean Cty Museum found out visitors gave up on YouTube videos (via QR code) if there was too much buffering. So edit down.
Thanks for the follow.
It really is a fantastic exhibit, beautiful and ethereal. I saw it last weekend and was very impressed!
SAFETY TIP #1: Always watch when you're walking down stairs.
RT A Word for Prayerful Reflection: TENDERNESS
Do you love me? Are you playing those love games with me?
What God wants from us is our thanks, praise, trust, and obedience. Not to be afraid of Him. ~itsjustme
omg i love ur tweets!
Maybe because all my friends(from Milwaukee) are doing something with their lives I dont see the negative Milwaukee stereotypes....
Law n order svu is my shit
come out to Playhouse house night. Chris&Dave's list
Lets connect
Braun was terrible. Hence him being an outfielder now. And green is about to be the 1b of the future
re: extreme home hammock. // Veto.
Bootycalls gone bad, im marketing that shit
- thanks for the shout out!
“The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
my sister just don't understand... I hope u just don't end up like some of these hoes I kno...
That nerve racking moment while you wait for the system to boot up after a HUGE system update in Arch Linux.
I might just pee here and continue to sleep till the end of time. Somebody's got to!
Casting notice 4 TV: Can't have agent. Darn, pays 700-1000. Hate to drop agent 4 1 job but it's legit (notice says so).
Apologies, Davy, had circumstances been different, you may have gotten a more enthusiastic welcome.
If I gotta boo thang den I know 's ain't that far away. #ourlifesarethatintertwind (spelling haha) but u know what I mean
I feel there might be in my future too. Om nom nom.
be careful, I have a lot of Gaskins' to pick from. “: Whatever! Tracy is so my favorite Horvath now! :P”
Brett Favre to Carolina...??? Are you kidding me????
quote of the day: "facebook is turning into a gang-banging street corner"
We love you, boss! Thanks for everything. Now bigger, better things!
Just got the new Twitter layout on my channel page... I cannot describe in words how annoying this is to me.
takeaways from today - Do More. Fail More. Build Systems. Faster.
no problem my email is
Uptown Anthem-NBN-- Wish you was in the studio with me were having old school jam session:) whats your #1 old school jam???RT
Castro celebrity. RT : Porn star is just a fancy word for San Francisco celebrity.
most likely. Haven't been there in a while so can't say I have any specific recommends, but I'm sure you'll like it
To many ladies in here! Its blinding.
Everything is irritating me
Not a fan of studying; Lord, help me to see your will where I am at
Congrats to our rockstar of the week... ***NICOLE**** Thanks for all your hard work!!!!
Celebs Share New Year ’s Resolutions for 2012! (PHOTOS) Every year, we set New Year ’s resolutions for ourselves. We buy gym membersh
Getting ready to announce (and open up registration for) the next few workshops from Studio Trainer! Any guesses on our locations?
The Orlando Magic is hosting the Boston Celtics tonight at the Amway Center. Buy your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
The DIA is already free for Detroiters on Friday. I don't see any "riff-raff", even though it is open late.
I'm now car-free.
Wishing all the amazing women in my life a very happy Mother's Day!
RT : Spoke w/Semin's agent. He's headed to free agency: "His role at 28 is unacceptable, wants to be a full-time player."
its because of the compression joints of your legs because of gravity. At night they rehabilitate.
Mt lil brother do the most moe he gets me guh
Worth repeating: RUSH BABES "bitch-slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK, in a week !
Everythings about to change tonight. Bring it the fuck onn.
#FF , a faith-based group that believes that a small investment in fighting world hunger can make a big difference.
Just a little while longer to get your name on the #Festivus #prize list. Email to donate.
Thanks for the message. So glad you loved our Towelettes! Be sure to check out our Mineral Shield formula as well! :)
As I explore the new version of Rdio, I'm realizing I have an emotional attachment to the old version.
yay wove you
Shaaaooow RT : -_- no & rather RT : where's Johnny cage when you need him
NEW Items arriving daily. www.leodys.com
If God Blesses nonbelievers ... What do you think he will do to his believers ?
them niggas killed my brother
Also, Para. 11: Thought Freese hit a triple in the 9th, not a double.
Design Tip: It's a great time to change out your throw pillow fabrics to cool colors - blues, greens, whites. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Ok so I hate it when plans switch up. I thought I was about to go blaze & watch these fools play Diablo but I guess not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We love working with you at nkysports.com Give me another good one at 3pm please!
They aren't allocated like IP addresses. The data they represent is coded directly. They're more like names than addresses.
Good morning! On this day we become legendary!
So who's your ALL-TIME fave artist?
some people just want to pick something to bitch about to show everyone they are a "smart baseball guy" make sense? No?
Twitter isn't loading.
#FF our ace online editor, , and welcome her to Twitter!
: Hey TWebb, welcome to twitter! What's up?
Miss Celie from The Color Purple. It would be dramatic and interesting! Maybe there would be some singing :>
:/.. i've never really gotten to talk to Jason...bah.. now i feel sad..
content is no longer the reason to attend #events says we have a ton of content. we go for the people
Also met some new friends at #UMD #studyabroad fair on Wednesday. Go Terps!
got u
who is it?
Live! Work! Play! #COLORADOSPRINGS #Volunteer from home, parks, schools, phone & laptop like me:)
Great classes today!
Kentucky derby in tminus 20 minutes I'm gonna have to take
Learned tonight that one of the kids I used to transport when I drove a special needs school bus passed away, please pray for his family.
who are you screaming for????
Great perspective on keeping information open to democratize it... It's a two way conversation, why would you build a wall?
I know I am in the minority, but I thought the first set was great.
": 23rd spring production has started. Be on the lookout......tracks coming soon."
follow for direct message
“: Breaking: SF Police source says man barricaded inside apt. building in 800 block of Post st. as been shot dead”
Need a Lawyer; or Want one on Hand bc trouble finds you or get pulled over ? You can go here too : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
Ugh. All is forgiven, then. Any crude responses to that, ?
oh no! D: foes the popping hurt?
Happy Mother's Day!
what about me?
You're very welcome. Sorry I somehow missed doing it earlier.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? //
what you talkin about O.o
truly amazing, just like you :)
oh I saw this yesterday! Looked super cool!
recording "winter's wind" and a couple other demos with Jennifer Ann Silverstone on violin.
I love you like crazy girl.
I don't know yet. ": Was there a reason for tabling it? "
good choice. You are so lucky you are tall!! ;) Also bendels usually has gorg dresses in window.
Tonight's the night!
what's the contest? We <U+2665>
haha that took them a lot of hard work!..... In photo shop
The little puppies are so cute!
is being mysterious! #ilikeit ;)
Sometimes you just have to laugh at the things you read on twitter.. people admit to some crazy things lol
My cab driver used a tablet to take my payment and emailed my receipt #high techcabbie
hm. I dunno we need to get our music out there way more before we can do that!!! Would love to though : )
I think that's an excellent idea!
CHRIST IS BORN!
#SOCIALITES #CanaryandCream Edition l Barber & Beauty Evening Soiree l Powered by & Hosted by
RT If you are stoked for festival season.
Once again asking for prayers - Jace is getting his blood count re-checked today.
well alright!!!
where ya at? MIA today?
Drag me to hell...fucked up
It feels like Friday because I have to work tonight.
Even cooler? The back of that kid's head looks like exactly a Chuck Norris performing a judo chop.
You remind me of my chinese friend, Ug Lee ...RT If You get it.
Very annoyed. Thanks to the stranger who alerted me via fb message that there's a random profile using my pictures.
Bahahaha You Two Wern't Losers ;D
A kiss of sweetness to the well balanced broth, perfectly cooked veggies & noodles, & Hong Kong-style roasted chix... Pic next tweet:
Man im ready to go to lunch.
- Happy Birthday TJ! I hope you enjoy your day. Much love & God bless. XoXoX
"Some of my best friends have had pieces of their tonsils left in." 1938nov16 Hahnemann Med School, Board-College Committee meeting minutes
and a new coach!
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
hey,are you lookin for tracks?
3 people love her so. but she can only pick one... -*sighs*- and she hates hurting people.
don't hate. You ain't got it like me
poor planning can sabotage a great idea
Off to Zellerbach for Peter Sellars and Toni Morrison"s "Desdemona," with Mardesich cousins.We shall see!
Overtime live right now CHECK IT OUT!!!
Enrique iglesias concert was insane!! Omg lol loved it !
hehe, i try to carry eckhart tolle's advice and teachings with me everyday. I have a deeper understanding of life thanks to him.
Charles Needs A Charge
I'm so tired
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor. Interesting given discrepancy btwn them & Gov's budget.
To all those doubting whether will win tonight.. check his record.
Just left consultant's toolkit session. Networks, pro bono work to start, find your market. It was good to hear real world examples.
RT : Java is to JavaScript as ham is to hamster.
Don't make me take your life apart boy
Wilshire Blvd. Korean girl who stuffs her face with Cheetos Puffs every morning. Happy Valentine's Day. Saranghae.
It's the cuffs, and not the giant eggs. Got it.
LMAO, YOU FELL!....... Oh shit, you're crying.
I meet this little girly her hair was kinda curly went to her house and bust her out
#J.R. Martinez: Wbat an inspiratio and a great attitude...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
lol I will
3 Exams coming up. 2 Final Project Papers DUE. 1 Powerpoint. 0 time to relax:)
Life for the moment, not memories.
I have to make clear though, everything "Reebok" that I own was given to me from So there.
confused me. Thanks for the help, much appreciated!
you're the best publicist that black Josh Groban can have!
It's the Clippers vs the Predators right?
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me.
thanks Peter!
random dude in my coffee shop travels in downtown Dallas
Play the boss battle music from Megaman to psych my self up? Why would I ever do that?
McMorris? Did he create that from the back of Marcus' jersey?
If we were talking about this in private then why would you go tell her...
You know it! Rise n' grind! ;o)
#digitalindia JSTOR has the highest number of hits at Univ of Delhi - thanks!
Thanks, folks! :-)
Browns win, Ravens win, now Boardwalk!
careful on that B alt 7
On 10 April 1962, Stu Sutcliffe collapsed and was taken to hospital by Kirchherr but he died before the ambulance reached the hospital.
That location looks so peaceful!
Look for echoes. Sometimes the same shape or direction will echo through the picture.
": It's a marathon, not a sprint. #packers #mnf". She made it to 2:30p
I agree, as do I. RT : i needa smoke.
What did YOU think of the President's speech, Gtown Green?
I'm an old school cataloger cos I trace the hints & the check the file.
Catching up on basketball wives. I see why Star is protesting...but can't stop watching.
I'm guessing Apple uses Amazon to host their Apps. iPhone is saying it can't connect to App Store.
BTW our team loves Twilio. Saw your company's API talk at Gluecon earlier this year (we were there as a sponsor).
foUr yoU
" from shoneys i know!! Lol"RT : Getting me a hot fudge cake today
Fuck! RT : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs -
RT : Who's heading to Bilal Colony, Abbottabad right now?
Cheers! And thank you for your support of #pcbw! I love the badge.
"For A City That Never Sleeps, We Must Admit We Took A Nap" - The Fellow
8flavahz next ok umm.. I don't really feel like them should've been the ones next show I wanted RNG but I don't hate them ok!
RT : *awake* (or at least bipedal), dressed, and ready for #dplawest!!!
Tomorrow's Nostalgicon feature is a gentleman who loves snacks. Care to guess who he is?
I just received a happy future mothers day text...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
enjoyed The Shift very much. Thank you!!!
Amazing Easter brunch. I type this one-handed, tho. Grabbed skillet handle w/out a mitt after fritatta came out of the oven.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool we have some weird ass people that go here
Shane is dead, can't believe it!!!! Gonna miss him soo much, the group won't be the same without him!
If I Didn’t Leave The Toilet Seat Up Your Life Would Be A Shallow Existence….
Oh, awesome! That's good to hear! Thanks :)
HOWAAAAAD! ARE YOU WEARING YOUR SWEATAAH?! YOU'LL CATCH YOUR DEATH!
Yes, it is.
None of my damn business any fukin way
Mad Anthony & Toadies - SATURDAY at The Mad Hatter
i would NOT be suprised if metta world peace took out his strap in the middle of the game
It really is - and thank you so much for being thought-provoking: RT TYSM (is it Tuesday already?)
Thanks, Addiction. Glad you like the New Rules of Work.
link doesn't take you anywhere. Page no longer available?
Its because I'm extra cool like that. RT Love when hashtags her text messages to me.
I think that every time he does it but I just have a hard time making myself say he's the best lol
Spring break is coming to end, Spring practice is just around the corner...
One free training session at Flo Fusion Fitness can change your life!! Nothing to lose but tons to gain!!! The gift that keeps on giving!!!
Word of the Day 4 #Bellevue gals? Pannekoeken :) c:
ps: hope you don't have that :P loll
It takes 5 "why" questions to get to the real business need in the scoping conversation.
Enjoying Family Fun Day at with and Dakota. This is too awesome!
Each day a little better. Hate missing a weekend of socialize. RT : hope you're feeling better today, man.
Painting walls late into the night. We keep it rolling!
That's something I'd have to pray and fast on.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.54
did they put crushed peanuts on ur strawberry cheesecake lol wtf? also as an aside i didn't enjoy fat greek, pita bread was awful.
Too much Baskin Robbins rocky road....
no I (Marisa) didn't hack Michael's account!!! He pretended that happened to joke with me...lol
a sleepy day..coffee please?!
off to save sanctuary
Hahahaha Rondo shitted on Aldridge and just walked away
I'm all sad now! I fell asleep while texting him...:/ #HeIsGonnaHateHeForThis!
Dirty Player!!!! Play like a professional.
aye hommie you doing this nerf war shit or no?
has the most followers on #GooglePlus. In case you were wondering
Decided it's a good day to wear jorts to the office.
There was almost a food fight today, but no one had the guts to start throwing more food. And I was going to scream "FLARG!"
I miss seeing :/
: "Good morning! #tgif!!" Back at you!! Hope u have a wonderful day!
"Cognitive training: using brain plasticity to alter circuits. Build resilience through practice. Just like biceps." Dr Insel at
needs some love from his people. 8-|
RT and : I *love* that Google put a tribute to Steve Jobs on google.com with a link to apple.com. Respect.
My phone just got attacked by pings on bbm. LOL.
#dontdoublemyrate College is expensive enough! DO NOT INCREASE TUITION!
RT #SteveJobs portrait for It was a true honor to be asked to do another portrait for Adweek and even more...
Bring on The Amazing Spider-Man and The Dark Knight Rises!
Congratulations, ! Your arrogant attitude has finally driven away this longtime listener.
that's good... Take some medicine to help you feel better and try to sleep it off...
So key. RT : "I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill." ~Edward Appleton
So I guess the answer to "Is Geraldo still alive?" is Yes. Who knew? Ok Geraldo, you can go away now. Seriously.
One year ago today was one of the scariest days of my life as dozens of tornadoes tore through. Day started @ 4:30am w/ tornado siren.
why can't she just want to be comfortable?
It's been an tweetastic afternoon but now I have to finish my 12 page research paper! See you guys Thursday!
well, you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you ready ?!?! Lets do this!
#sriracha - mouth on fire
#Thatawkwardmoment when your boss from the World Trade Center tells you they have finished re-building and it's time to come back to work.
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!!!!
i was dishin out the work, when they was tweekin/ now they givin written statements, like they tweetin
"Shit is occuring" this boy is hilarious
Huh, I didn't know. Make sure you put him away when I come over! :P
yeah we ended up getting the original place we looked at! Putting in our notice tomorrow!
Plain and simple, yet so important "Remember: dig your well before you're thirsty. Plan. Be prepared." -
Thanks! We really appreciate that!
DUH,unicorns having sex with food, It Con be in the next Nicki Minaj porno ;)
Perfectly clear warm night out in SoCal, many stars visible in the sky. Big change from Massachusetts last week.
What's up with these tweets
OH: im not doing any flash stuff am i?
Ok, I'll give you that lol, I just like giving you a hard time
Off to a listing appointment in #Greenwood in #NorthSeattle. Wish me luck!
I do weird things...like turn the shower on upstairs & use the bathroom downstairs lol!
For love is the beauty of the soul. St. Augustine
Hey what's up the black slash is cum n soon to rib shack near u
Happy February
will be recording Variety Show #6 Saturday:420 Edition. It's that special time of year when stoners eat doritos in a group
- you still in the studio?
It's always a pleasure at my favorite Back Bay bar. Thanks for having us (& for the twitter love!) // RT : Thanks for coming in!
follow me ???
“: If you agree that Blake Griffin should have his own Nike shoe, what's a good name for his shoe?” The Perkins lol
Goin to the cheesecake factory for mothers day
spent too much money at H & M today!
you text me.
You and me both! Btw, had a question for you. Cool if I shoot an email your way in a bit?
Normal that my math class had no teacher for the first 20 minutes of class today lol
Convincing my pragmatic mind = classic struggle. RT : Don't forget to waste some time today. Your creative mind deserves it!
Why is it that the visualizer on itunes is much better than any light show I've seen at a rock concert?
glad to know you're a futbol fan!!
I just voted for you, Sanchezes have to stick together! Good luck ma!
I believe THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS was the mainstream birth of graphic novels.
#MoreThanThis trending world wide :) SO EXCITING!
I guess today is Make Loud Personal Calls In Restaurants Day.
go for it suck my dick
that sounds like a perfect ending to a Sunday...eating and relaxing ;) my kind of Sunday!
Oh, I dont accually know because I dont know how to do it because i've had this account before I was an actress ..
This motorcade is making me late! 9th St., NW is f*cked right now.
Do you know what I dont like?........ Liars.
We love baseball season!!!
Up late working some one shot designs. In the workshop early, working these classic lines. Now off to work. I need a life 4real! PO
Cheetos, Twix, and a Dr. Pepper for lunch... Dis sum BS!
[1Thess4:15-17] Our LordChrist shall descend from heaven with a shout & the dead+living in him shall rise together to meet him in the air.
SO TRUE!!!
"It is a political necessity for Black people to be dumb." -Dr. Amos Wilson
Colvin with game winning hit the day Hendry leaves Cubs. Hm.... Payback for being demoted earlier?
Don't forget: Vote early, vote often!
A way to really fix boxing: Take big fights off PPV, negotiate big free-TV deal.
OMG!!! Congrats to ~ she just hit 600+ followers <3 This girl is amazing!!! Follow nowww :]
i know, lmfao Dave is gonna have to hold me down.
Suits = new favorite show #obsessed ... men in suits >>
The most important thing that clarifies how you do things on SM is your mission purpose and goals. -Drapeau
I would but we aren't aloud to if not competition! Stupid rules and plus I'm in the hospital and Idk how to put videos on here
Too cold don't wanna leave bed ! Just gonna stay in and watch wolff blitzer
#3amtweetclub up thinking about some speaking engagements I have coming up........I plan them in my head and then write an outline.
If you're a student or researcher and used BCRW's videos, podcasts or publications in your work this year - please let us know!
Forget it, Jake. It's whinertown.
thanks :) x
Back at ya, Gay
if you do remember him can you retweet me,because that would be awesome! thanks oh and i saw Willie in concert in el paso! great!
be careful, you have precious cargo too :o
I'm just gonna let it go, screw everyone
I'm hungry af
they're old
Yay! We hope you enjoyed it.
Hello Radio 97.9 this is Paul Borges i have a hit Album Street Money on Spotify, if you care to listen to. thank you.
RT : Greg Smith adds to his comments, says he left Goldman Sachs because "it used to be all about the music, man"
Hate to wake up early! Well....
“The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure, to live it you had to explode.” <U+2015> Bob Dylan
I never said I haven't lol
had fun - looking forward to CA! xoxo
I would have kept this on the down low normally Now im proud to admit Whitney's I Will Always Love You top 10 best songs ever!!
The guys I work with at my new restaurant are so good looking I just called out intimidated from my shift.
just read a story about Mcclellin and 7th round pick McCoy its just amazing backgrounds these guys have they been thru alot in life.
yes! thank you
Hey Hey So u are up on twitter now :)
Shucks! I'm attmpt and was hoping to be miserable with a fellow girl. I will scream "Mihow's brother?!?!" and see who I can annoy!
Join our Premium Advertising Division and Earn Daily Revenue Share and other income streams. Top Affiliates are earning hundreds and...
Today wasn't a good day for me at all.
I'm not sure I should be feeling this way about this massage chair! But if anyone is looking for me, I'll be at DK nails for a minute!
<U+E106><U+E418><U+E106><U+E418><U+E106><U+E418><U+E402><U+E106><U+E402><U+E106><U+E402><U+E106> You Drive This Girl Crazy With Your Amazing Music!!!
Onion breath.
Mom: he looks like-I don't know what you call it... He looks like he just rolled out of bed... Me: you mean a hipster??
No, not for a few more months. I'll be in DC off and on in the summer. Hopefully more on than off!
#ilovealltimelowbecause they never fail to put a smile on my face. ever.
Great idea!!
Obviously!! RT : dude that is like the worst hospital in the valley.
YAY! Be sure to get me the scoop afterwards. I know you will be terrific :D
Thank you! We want each space to be inviting and comfortable!
What is with all there honor societies?
Hey mister, happy graduation.
School is almost over!!!! Time to go home and run and lift :D
UGH Jason turn your phone on I'm worrying about you :(
Randy & Jason say was 1 in 88. I still think he was one in a million.
it was working fine after that.. but thanks for your support/confidence in me hahaha
even dementors need a day off! They're favorite ice cream flavors? DEATH BY CHOCOLATE and Expecto Pistachio
Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
Is today your birthday? 'cuz it's mine too.
Well only about 29 days left tell the Art and The Vineyard art show, I am almost ready... frames should be coming this week.
email ngmoco and they will credit your account
lazy bones
and she didn't leave n take his money... So she a down ass bitch
You should have kissed me (;
51 I love your icon, I just lol'ed so hard.
Thanks 4 the info. I know Q from his jazz work but didn't know he'd done the soundtrack. Amazing.
Robber in Portsmouth, NH leaves behind package claiming it's a bomb! Story at 6 on
Girl!!! I have 'purchased' so many Red Box flicks!
#### B E N N Y * B E N A S S I #### April 17th @ Myst Night Club - Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Are only some ppl creative or can anyone be part of creative groups w/the right design? That's the #brainstorming debate.
I really would liked to go to 's concert:/but i no have enought money</3!
I thought u were pissd at me I was like what I do
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Wow, I can actually go outside without a coat. I forgot what that was like.
Great to cross paths digitally. Love the things you are doing at FH these days.
I'd be interested in viewing this, I hope somebody with knowledge replies!
I have been dubbed white chocolate. Because I'm white. And hope to stay that way. Hahah
Off to be an expert at the #womenforhire career expo! Dream big, and do what you love!
30 Hour Famine tomorrow!
follow me back? :D
Those Pauly D star t shirts are the new Ed Hardy shirts
Somebody feed #ladygaga , she is eating during her performance lmao.
Semi-disconnect in order to focus on and its soon to be released status...book cover, sound track, last edits.
now its 102;)
About time I got twitter! #hello people on here
heck ya! That's where it's at! i do too! have an awesome rest of your day Jake!
One of my daughters of the heart, Olufunke, gave me a new name for Mother's Day, Adesina "she who opens the way" I am humbled by your love.
Don't think these people in the middle of nowhere are used to seeing someone with a flatbill and bumpin Slim Thug
Im tired because of the sleepover.....
You're FUCKING WELCOME BOSTON! #RigSoHard!
Where, Iowa?
Mine do. A lot easier in the heavily stationed downtown, though.
her constant smartass remarks have totally turned me against her. I can watch Kathy Griffin for that.
Biggest lie ever told - "I work for the govenment and I am here to help you."
only if he takes Wade Redden as a package deal
#Success doesn't come to you, you go to it. - Marva Collins
I Work Like A Horse, Then Eat Like A Pig !! Lml
Now only 39!
well you could have fooled me you seem like a pro. It takes alot to get me to obesses about stuff but you guys are awesome.
However, there are a few situations in which your student loan may be discharged and your repayment obligation forgiven: 1) You die. [...]
Headed back to SF. NAB was a great time but I'm worn out!
grease lightning is stuck in my head. help me!! haha
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that high school can be really fun, but now it's boring & depressing.
Gaah , Today Was Amazing But I NEED My Jordans . >_>
Omg live so funny
Put down the phone... No tweeting and driving. :)
BIG things in the worx! God's hand clearly placing the bets ... Winning Hand! ;-)
Role at HubSpot: I am a translator of customer needs
lol! Bring it.
love this!
On my way to school.. I hope its a good day!!! I hope I switch from newspaper to Mr. Adams studyhall!!
much love! Do it!!!
Mrs. Nerd told me that earlier today.
it really can get quite exhausting sometimes
what kind of Scotty? Limited? lol
Maybe today will be the day I finally visit Miss Ann for a Ghetto-Burger. Who's with me?
Sweet out, Congrats.
Did you know if you put 2 F150's together you get a F250
Holy crap. Anyone out there know what to do if there is an animal in your ceiling and it sounds like its gonna claw it's way into your room?
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble. - John Madden
Mf's who dont keep they weave done irritate me
all of your beliebers want a new teaser !
u're hot.
HEY THUNDER LET'S DO IT TONIGHT. I KNOW YOU "WILL" DO IT. YOU ARE THE BEST.
so good!! Enjoy!!!
Detroiters who have concerns with proposed D-DOT route & schedule changes encouraged to attend Monday 10am meeting at CAYMC 13th Floor.
I Don't Fucks w. Mindless Behavior . Their Music Is SO Dumb .
...conversation. #TheHelp (Thank you!)
Did you know we're in a new place? 714 S 4th Street. The rest remains the same.
Holy gratuitous Beckham! thanks
hahaaha you. would.
Just starting it. Haven't read the previous ones, so we'll see.
back to Miami!!de regreso en miami!!!
"I don't hate you, I just miss the old friend I knew."
"Stay hungry, stay foolish" -
Should or must? :p
whatevaaaa girl! I have something to tell you at lunchh.
Dopamine brain chemical levels determine if a person is a go-getter or a procrastinator according to researchers
Haven't said." Babe" in a while
Our band is best in the state, YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID.
#Actors - The more you chase an emotion, the less likely you are to have it. Build the Circumstances around it, BELIEVE and "bait".
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT =]
you know you #DoinToMuch when you tryin to come out the house with a mini skirt on and a tank top get real
Tweet me if u want too:)
#TED: "Every object should think about the user, cast that user in a story about that user." this is important for teachers.
lol I'm not turning down Starbucks haha but yeah ill be in my splint for 10 days after then I'll be back to normal
I listen to it all the time jus to get a massage
Good week this week in many ways, what happens this week makes my life extraordinary, will let all my followers know
yep, exactly.still trying to figure out how scot. did NOT win that. Takes EFFORT to lose like that
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please. I love you.-70
Wow, just hit 7,000! Thanks so much for the support and #share everyone!
I want the weekend!..
Third Annual Chef Geoff Open Foursome Registration Monday, September 19, 2011 at 11:30 am
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the issue is helping museums and professionals get there. Tech is still foreign and scary to many!
10 minutes to get to class and I'm in a Tim Hortons line that's wrapped around the building twice.
draft chris singleton and then jeremy tyler.
American Idol predictions: Next to go in order: Jacob Lauren Haley Scottie Casey James (winner)
This is me being awake at 4:15 AM and wishing I wasn't.
That was fast - one of our repair techs just let me know that TRON's control issue has been addressed! See you soon!
I don't like being a Notre Dame fan
tis true! If you keep promoting us, we'll def ship you banana bread with strawberry butter ;)
if you lower your caffeine intake that's supposed to help as well. I come from a family of sweaters. Not the clothing.
Remember for this upcoming work week: be the bringer of hope to those around you.
Burn away those winter calories and get ready for summer. Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm
almost 3 months in, and I still haven't gotten into this whole Twitter thing. way too many tweets to keep up with, 160 characters is never
What an amazing opportunity!!! :) Way to get in the Christmas Spirit!
So tired help me....
Bringing back the machine...
Thanks to and for helping us spread the news about the Oklahoma Humanities Awards!
if theres a lesson i have learned if you play with fire you'll get burned
Specyphi would like to thank. Everyone who came out last night WoW packed house and Team BSG. Specyphi what you believe
Congrats to for winning some of favorite tea. We hope you love it #AB17. DM us what kind of tea you want.
Ugly couples that make-out at my school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
u lost without me bro <3
The big homie is the truth
People would look so funny without eyebrows.
Brandon Bass is the player Big Baby wishes he was. 20 pts and 11 rebounds so far in just 18 minutes. Big time.
if your tossin and your turnin and you just cant fall asleep, ill sing a song, beside you :) xx
we all be graduating and shit
ON AIR NOW<< Rock of Talk's morning drive with Larry Ahrens live, from 7-8am. Call in with your opinion (505) 265- 1550
I love you, I need you. Nelly I, love you.
Listening to at #acrl2011 talking about environmental interdependance.
Love cooking for all my friends & more
when someone gives you a shout out it means they think u r great! encouraging others 2 follow you. #FF = Follow Friday =-)
thanks for the clarification on the correct "Madison".
Look at his avi!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> deadass in the Hospital. Lmao
That's perfectly cool but you know most already presume he's guilty, fair or not. Thus your comment about his jersey.
no worries. was just trying to get our offices more like a 4sq set-up & was hoping to work direct.
Much cooler than yesterday with highs only reaching the upper 50's. Sun will be out in full force, with light winds. Warm temps return Wed
This mane said he woke up on the wrong side of the bed cause i wasnt on the other side -.-
Cant wait for #bigtimesummertour ah.
you and the rest of Ravens nation. It was a great pick
I have no clue what users do on #reddit, but I know that they kind of scare me
Hope like what I got him , its not much but it comes from the heart .....congrats bd !!!
After a wild night like tht it feels good to be home ... to bad I have to take my mom to the train station at 6am -__-
Must have been a big-ass moth! I am afraid of moths!
Its amazing how many super villans have advanced degrees... Graduate school should do a better job of screening those guys!
I kant let the Minds of others stop my Motive an my Ambition ;; I will forever
hey it won't let me DM u back -- what's your email? ill send you over everything tmrw on how to join!
Home sweet home.
pretty sure that anything baked in a tastes better than apron-less baking.
I'm just gonna make a 10 minute song on why I should perform at lol.
Met Chris March yesterday from Project Runway
and 2 dumbass attempts to try and pull off miracle shot. Deserved better, but after past final round duffs, shoulda dropped
a! New twitter handle for the new bride! Love it!
LoLz she has said that in the past. But its usually hard to hear her over the crying.
seriously. fresh air's feed drives me nuts
I just saw a bird with one leg
Vinny better be talking about going to Cali and being on ABDC again or I will die.
Finished paying Bills
Caring, compassion, and a desire to help - the costs of real health care are so small, but the worth is so great.
What makes this guy think that he can graffiti an el car, and none of the passengers will say a word? And why is he right?
Breach can be RGE, Resume generating event for CISO/ISO, whether he or she has direct oversight/responsibility or not.
to who?
It's tourney time for #iubb ! No matter what happens, proud of Crean & team for season. Now let's win some games!
Benihanas with the greek!!! M this sushi is legit.
Traffic is a clusterfuck 28 inbound near the mills
Did you just stroke out?
if he has a 6 dollar haircur, lives with his mother , and drives a shitty car
my dress for graduation is CUTE :)
CNN talking about Gregg Williams and they go to the expert opinion of Jamal Anderson... What? Was Tiki Barber unavailable ?
kirko bangz- play me im jamming dat ol bitch
you can bring your children to public pools without getting thrown out (found that out the hard way)
I'm pretty sure I just laughed my ass off. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
good morning.
My family and I are having a contest of who can draw the best hat
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 21
the problem is all in the slightly smaller jar. I wish they made a 100 pounds jar. They used to make a 10 pound jar.
+2 RT : +1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!”
happy birthday buddy
Loving today very peaceful..........
im in school right now but imma senior so i dnt have to do shit
Somewhere I can't say it's a secret.
no way! How crazy! Thanks so much! Need to make my way out there to see you ;) Smooches!
sorry we got hacked.
There are no great coaches. There are only good coaches. It is the situations they are in that make them 'great.'
When I wear jeans I can only wear boots with them bc they literally end at my calf
Being a Catholic university, we get Good Friday off, but we have a softball doubleheader. Phoooey!
The company I work for has gone to the other extreme: I don't have the option of getting a paper stub. Luckily I'm ok w/that.
5 Wise Elephants walking. Donate 5 bucks (or 5,000 for the Wise Elephant reward) on this Kickstarter Campaign, ending in 3 days. If...
Redbox sent me a code for $0.50 DVDs this weekend. Not going to post it b/c not sure if it's unique. Check your email to see if you got one!
A friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Love u chachi!! take care! :D
at home?! Lol I dunno!
Grace Michel there are 53 countries in Africa, don't categorize it as the continent of failure.
you are SO right! Everyone has challenges, but successful ppl fig out how to rise to the top in spite of them. U r very inspiring!
that video you just retweeted.... I'm dead.
extra Wild Flag ticket?
Fight on, Brian. Are you an SC alum?
You Know What I Say ; Money Ain't A Thang .
same as , i made it an option, but didn't require. used Flash.
Thank you so much! Your announcements are adorable :-)
ha you're stupid you go from saying he's clutch and you have to give it to him 2 days ago and now you say this... Youre stupid!
Is anyone woke now at 5:30 this morning. I need for someone to touch and agree with me~BAMM.
Happy Anniversary Pastor Janyce Jackson LIT Unity Fellowship Church Newark, NJ!
Anyone else working hard instead of being out partying? :o(
*walks in house Uncle: why are your clothes wet Me: its raining -_- Uncle: so ........
yea I'm fine thanks for your concern. It's just that well I saw her kissing another boy. My enemy and then well ............
John Monahan at #wla12 says there's no such thing as off duty or even retired: there's a constant flow of questions & info.
WatMorCanIsay! SONG OF THE DAY COLD BLOODED By Rick James
Great to hear! Thank you for joining us. “: Service is on point tonight tonight ”
RT : Your mom RT : What's filming in front of Dionysus? VEEP?
1st run on a treadmill lol I just finished a 2.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Follow me on twitter
Ditto! : I'm GenX/Y. If your marketing has too much text & doesn't catch my eye w/ imagery, visual layout, I don't read it.
ALL NEW 2 Broke Girls and Mike & Molly tonight!
We actually hung out with you when I was 15. We played a show at the Joint in LA. Small world.
u look nice! I like ur profile pic ^^
RIP Sparky Anderson. Your great teams and coaching talent will always be remembered.
When tweets at me, I get a little bing in my chandler.
While I love the rain, it sure would be nice if everyone didn't freak out while driving in even the slightest drizzle :P
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
"The 20th century was about sorting out supply... The 21st century will be about sorting out demand." #pbc12 via
dan savage.
No bow ties in the pics I saw. And it depends on what you consider a beard.
Fight on the bus to start off my day lmao
Some Asian just told me to fuck of... I told him its my country my rules
I haven't but will take a look! “: Agreed! Have you tried Xobni?”
From my Nana: "In your relationship, if you always see to eye-to-eye then one of you is unnecessary."
If you give a little love maybe we can change the world.
I hope you do. I read everyone of your posts. You are special. You will make something of your life.
Please call our 866 # to give us that feedback. And thanks for making our car-sharing community a great one!
New salon new location More services Spray tanning , eyelash extensions, hair extensions ,hair systems, nails 517 Broadway, Everett
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
#indy #news..superbowl trash clean up? Come at least try
What are some of your favorite weeknight dinners to make? Something healthy the whole family will eat?
Everything starts with an idea - nurture your
Attention all medallion hutners... please do not dig in Rice Park....
congrats on finishing Boston in this heat. And for fundraising for children's hospital.
when i run out of things to tweet i look around for pointless things to retweet then i try to find the deep meaning behind them
Us slutty sell-outs SHALL RETURN!
SDG&E presents a check for $71,340 check to the El Cajon City Council for leadership in energy efficient building 4 the new police station
RT if you are ready for the warm weather --- March is on the horizon!
Watching Intervention before bed is a bad idea...
#oomf sleeps like a maniac .. I got 0 sleep last night oh and he made me late to work too.. smdh !
GRAMMY event tonight can't wait to hear all about it!
so true! enjoy the day / i'm holding foucault at bay.
Physically and mentally tired, exhausted and only God knows what else.
Why hello Bolt Bus, haven't seen you in a while.
CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com
okay im back lol :)
As an exercise just classified all things I do regularly at work--amazing how technology, organization, planning all bleed together now.
that was your choice tho .
Beastly was so awsume! :D
Dinner done.... Losing steam. So what's on tv tonight?
Right on! RT : which SD radio station interrupted regular programming to play nothing but the beastie boys ALL weekend?
why are the jets flying at this hour?? -.-
": stock going super low" time is money
DNS Changer Malware: FBI Warns of Internet Service Loss in July - Midsize Insider
. Lame. Perry is asleep. Perfect if you're playing drinking games, though.
SOO not feeling well today- achy, cold, exhausted... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
It is in an asynchronous place where we can learn and grow -- the Virtual Learning Community.
When it's on I can never get things accomplished... RT : Law&Order is a very addictive show. I love it
"You see things; and you say, "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?"- George Bernard Shaw
On my way to LALA Land. Shooting Cat with M Model Management.
Hey hun :) I love it here :) Having so much fun :) Sorryfor the late reply but I don't realy have internet access :P x
Just saw ur episode of '90210'. Great job!! Do I smell an Emmy?
He just keeps getting better...Damn ...
Happy Hump Day everyone! Make it GREAT!
In the night I hear him talk the coldest story ever told.
Happy memories, indeed! :) xoxo
Hate when I feel something is not right but I keep on doing it and at the end I tell myself I knew it wasn't right
I'm gonna hold u to that lol I need a new car lol ur buying
fortunately for you, that may be one of life's few black and white issues
Thank you! We are glad to be here nestled in good company.
Hello Twitter peeps! Glad to join you! Shimmy on over to our #Facebook & #YouTube pages. We would love to connect with you!
thanks man
That is so cool Chuck. Excellent work. Kim Bogin
Guy Fieri wears flip-flops in the kitchen, because of course.
YOU ARE FUCKING BEAUTIFUL OKAY!
RT : "Chase your dreams" brb i'm going to go run after Cody in the street.
Ur rant about not paying athletes was bad. U gave ur listeners the US Govt treatment: Lies, misdirection, and 1 size fits all.
The song "Beautiful Soul" is what started it all for Austin on ShootUsDown! RT if you're so proud of him. <U+2665>
Rep., are so DESPERATE they would vote for a NON CONVICTION,NO CORE having CARDBOARD like
entertainer songwriter singer performing at Market Creek Plaza July 30th, 9 - 1pm come check her out!
thank you kee
i like how chicago came in and 'saved' LA's coffee scene. & i do enjoy cafecito organico & cafe de leche (close to mi casa)
laying down
Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
I think my account is in Twitter Jail!
Thank you for following. See you this year
I think I fixed it - it was a security question I was getting wrong. Thanks for replying, though.
Is it a new #Castle tonight? Hope so!
The scoring champ, the leading shot blocker, sixth man of the year and a top 5 point guard. SWEEP
Thanks for the follow...
Not at all lol, thank you for watching me I appreciate it :)
funny t shirts
Come say hello to the Band when you are there.
remind me how Hirsch turned out....
#Obama2012slogans Let's makes the social issues major so people won't think about the job I did on the economy
did I reply to your last email? I can't remember
The acquisition of new clients is much harder than getting additional business from existing clients. Look at your partners' roster first
dude is it to much to say CHRISTMAS you have alot of followers that our the future of this country and look up to you
My library had a 400% increase in ebook checkouts over the past year
paige hemmis from ABC's Extreme Makeover "Home Edition" on air right now at www.1067KISSFM.com
I want to go see The Lucky One again.
What do you think about the issue of student debt?
Awesome RT : 4 more to go for 4K. Next 4 new followers will pay only $4 for up to $10 fare. RT please. #deal Thank you all. :)
I have six people to teach the art of story and character development to, tonight.
Hey Canucks there's this little thing called defense. You might want to try playing it. Geez ya look like pee-wees out there
Who would win in a fight, Taj Gibson or Danny Granger??
yep yep.
lightning & thunder spotted/hearded! Im a storm chaser, while laying on my couch.
Been on the phone with tech support for forty five minutes. Having problems turning my swag on today, goddamn discount swag machine!
O noes! Feel better! MT : Wretchedly sick+sad to miss #HHAwards tonight. No drinks or drama for me. Basically, a sad wretch.
there goes my weekend! ; )
Analyst: Apple sold 33 million iPhones last quarter: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster says that Apple likely sold about 12 million ...
i can't wait until winter . (:
I like that you telling Cris Cyborg. That she has a dick, Shemale Brazilian dick!!!
Oh u can't be a guy and pass up Rocky!
Surf n turf Saturday! 8 oz Grilled filet, butter roasted king crab legs.
Going to sleep night.<3
what's the best time to visit? We're thinking in the spring. Do you live in Paris?
That's awesome! I can't believe he was all for it!?
Swish, Im Swimmin Ina Yellow Bitch.
Racking my IPA to secondary onto Cascade dry hops. Definitely NOT going for subtle!
who knows what's going on at 2 a.m. with the sirens and helicopters over Corte Madera and San Rafael?
i'm so glad that asian douche didn't win season 2 ahaha
Idek how many times i get yelled at at work lmfao.
Just filed our FEC report.. no DEBT, no LOANS, and raised another $50k today!
I love Scalzi's work and the Last Colony is easily one of his best! Glad to see it get a mention.
Im sorry, but longer games on Operation Metro are not incentives for me to play again nor are close quarter maps...
preparing for a fantasy football draft reminds me of christmas shopping: lots of work for one of the best times of the year!
on twitter tonight I will consult doctor and next statement about him will come from him. Where did spedulation come from?
#teamcancer could be a few things
#RelationshipsEndBecause people are too complicated. Life is not more than too love and be loved. Life things other than html code and war.
More tonight. My triceps are still sore from Sunday :(
everyone follow really inspired me to become a musician and got me into blind melon as well!!!
I'm watching on justintv, just saying though
Yep going to go thru them this week for you guys
For most of us life in some way is a fight! But, In Christ it's a no losing battle. You win!
you are so welcome! My privilege to be there!
#blah :p
I'd be more a fan of "Fresh Hell" if it didn't have that guy in it ... you know, the one who had "the incident".
He has one fine ass hottie lamotie with the swimmers body. #GodDamn he got it goin on #RightThurr (;
I can't wait for the new episode of Swamp People tonight. Don't judge me.
We have 1 food truck confirmed but looking for another 1-2. Any Bmore food trucks interested?
NEW SEGMENT! Favorite person of the day! And the award goes to...... for being insanely talented and cute to boot!
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
Trying to figure out what is going on with North Korea. Keep finding headlines but no articles. Frustrating.
Lining up my East Coast tour of old NE whaling towns for research on my next book. Any suggestions?
Officially 4 weeks til school is out
awwh, he's so cute <3
I hate the new Slatest. It's now opinion pieces, instead of great summaries of top news & most important underreported stories.
Busy trying to block out the quality pitching tonight. Let's groove fastballs to Pujols and see what happens! Good plan!
Congrats to - you'll be seeing for FREE tonight! See you in a few hours! On the list as Alex Stahlman -
yes...omg
Dispatches from VR - Downloading Mass Effect 3 demo.
wowzers. gee, i'd never dye my hair. i luv being blonde
I'm team #IShouldBeKnockedOutRightNow lol But I see you! You HUSTLIN' this summer!!! $$$
W.ChadTheBailGuy.com I love helping people. No one beats me!!! I am the guy.
Communiticating with spirits.
Looking forward to my guitar lesson tonight - twang!
that too. They are just a perfect team right now. Good for them.
so tired...long day....
“: Time for my last class & final” Good luck hun
to wake up & see my favorite DJ of all time following me on twitter, maybe my greatest Birthday gift ever! God is Good!!!
Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on "The Sentinel" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks
Now has become unaffiliated with Comprehensive Pain Management who give no forwarding information.
volunteers and speakers be sure to check your email for ticket info!
Today is a new day!
yeah and it so often these days it seems to be mine ;-)
It's a beautiful language.
In four hours I'll have 25,000 hours of sobriety. That sounds crazier than it actually feels.
Happy new yr
What a great Christmas this will be being able to watch the first game of the 2011 2012 nba season.
who wants a follow back??
Remember: The duller the ax the harder the work; Use your head: The more brains, the less muscle. -Solomon
Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters: and !!!
Worse that a woman getting ready, huh?? LOL Hope you both have a great day!! :)
Really am not in the mood to work tonight. Need to spend the next 16 minutes gearing myself for a busy shift
Your account has been hacked, I'd change your password and such
Great game, Bucky!!!
I'm hunting jobs tonight. All the jobs I want seem to be in New York.
thanks to my new followers and and .... i hope i will empower you as much as you empower me..
did you cheer when I was announced? Of course you did, right? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The Good Wife pilot -> "Put on nice clothes and make-up...not for court, for yourself. You'll feel better." !!
are you and eve dating again
#brewers insider joins us NOW! SportsRadio
yep; definitely think you voided your warranty.
tweeting and driving is not safe.. Scared now haha.
We'll be closing around 6pm to put in our bigger and better trailer. Come grab some food before then. Look out for the trailer tomorrow!
ran 6 miles today... marathon training week 4 = now!
Let the moves you make today benefit your future..
says if you make reputation pts either too easy or too difficult to obtain in gamified community, ppl will disengage
Live life laugh often love alwayz
the boys need to have a live chat soon!
No answer, I'm bout to say Fuck it
Cleaning my room, and doing homework. It's going to be a long day. Kinda wish it was Friday.
RT : Dear republicans, I would NOT rather be poor with the dream of getting rich, than comfortable without it.
#may, why can't you hurry up?
NC, Raise Up? If so, I'm pysched. Brad and I will be there! Friday 6:30pm-Dirty playlist tonight.
nah only you
Perform your long and heavy task with energy treading the path to which Fate has been pleased to call you. ~Alfred Victor Vigny
We wish you luck! Definitely a good goal to set.
And yes, I know its not the real
good news!
Did somebody fart on the heats bench or what?
Samsung: AI software engineers needed in Irvine, CA
RT : If I was Bill O'Riely I'd have a blog called "Bill O'Writes" lol
headphones on, me singing but no music playing! -_- so much for playing music..
I'm on my own tonight and both kids are asleep by 8:20. Booyah!
your hot(:
RT“: Gonna make millions by selling these 'Body By Monsanto' T-Shirts in X-Large.” HA and the shirt can also mutate your cells.
I'm confused by the question: I typically remove that kind of autoformatting for Comp. (across the board)
Vogel says no real update on Collison groin injury. He didn't practice today, but will travel to CLE. Wants 2 b cautious but not 2 cautious.
Why is it that all the Presidents&Canidates that stand for equality get dis-credited,or assinated?,what is a real American?
Sharing chocolate chips & watching #TheGoodWife with
I'm really proud of all of my "friends" that showed their asses on FB today. Really proud.
how have you been though?
she finna get dat cold shoulder <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+26C4>
(c) but I will forever be a Directioner and Rusher for as long as I live.
Too early!!!
Thank you!
Hold ON to ur Cap Weather
Arm is really sore now
4 chances to see what some are calling the most controversial show in Hollywood! We're PG-13! For realsies. www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
sounds like a plan.
Its goin down in
yes, clearly i suck. HOWEVER, do you ever go in the mornings before work?
Let's go Latos!
: "I feel like it's morning and I'm all awake and alert... but I know it's not true."
RT : We're looking forward to working with our volunteers from for Baird Gives Back week!
That you God for another day, week
glad to hear it. Let me know if you need a rubric. Good luck!!!!!
Would like to get you on Yahoo Sports Radio on Saturday morning at 10:30 Central. Available? Follow & DM me if you are Chris
Mr. Ries talking about cows
Painting a 3rd story room, we’re floors above the rest!
These Nba refs is terrible ...
#chopped Oh Gawd. The chef that never stops talking is back...
love it when you try to save a seat for someone and people move your stuff and sit down.
. The fact that Gossling made the site makes my entire day
So great to see you and Joe and your friends. I always enjoy hearing your laugh during the show!
At 14, I knew I was the nicest dude around/ I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now/ if they don't kno ya dreams, they can't shoot em down
Headed to Shreveport. Beautiful day for a recruiting trip!
Been trying to get in touch with my comai and nothing do I literally have activate my fb to MSG her
Coach Doba is here, Kegel and Derting in route, looking forward to seeing everyone at Great Games in Cougar History tonight
Just got a an email from Wings Over Brookline. Boston, I miss you so.
Got a krazy situation on my hand and I dnt no wat ima do
I'm literally fried.
Procrastination is like masturbation...it feels great until you realize you fucked yourself.
Ezells after basketball at the garfield community center. Yep
what happened to the Spurs?!
11 more pages to actually write then its just putting things together :) 23 page paper in the bag!
good system u got in yeckel
Good luck with the Mifflin crowds today.
No. Going now.
Thank God for blessing me with outlook on life that i have. This world is my oyster!
Your site wouldn't let me contact you. DM me your e-mail. We need to talk about Perfect Wordz immediately
It's Taco Tuesday! We're doing up pork tacos this week and burritos too if you're in a Mexicano mood.
That's Proust, right?
LOL, I understood what you meant :)
"Beautiful earrings...was worried that 10K weight would be too heavy but not so" - Susan from Toronto, Canada
This movie im watching is in french what the ffuck
Dery From jakarta RT : my word who is this?
I have kept a much less faithful journal since I started publishing books. That's one thing I want to change. I have a lot left to learn.
Anthropologie should open a store that caters to guys like me: Misanthropologie.
I would of bet you everything i owned that you would of never heard the word jagjaguwar on the Grammys before tonight. I was wrong
“See them tonight. Beautiful. : I love them! I saw them open for last year. They were incredible. :)”
“: #EverybodyHasThatFriend that only gets called by his nickname...and calling them by their real name sounds weird.”
I hope that #DerrickRose is okay, but if what they are saying is true, the #ChicagoBulls are in big trouble.
Let me kno when u need that intv...
Wow, thunder. Startled me a bit! Yeah, rain!!!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while been working a lot lately. How's everyone enjoying the new year?
Truly the democratization of Wall Street, No?
will be in Vegas Friday! But, Coachella officially puts me in the jealous range. You taking passengers? hahaha
#WorkSmarter RT : Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin renouncing US citizenship to skirt taxes on IPO
“: We're back in Nashville and ready to go to work. #wingsin7 #believe”
hahaha oh no... I bet those are so embarrassing
Why the f*ck is "Don't trust the B---- in apartment 23" on TV?
So holla at me if you have an event coming up and need a Jewish ordained clergy member! Weddings, funerals, etc
this will manifest if the LORD see fit. I believe in my heart this is so, that's why it's been a long time but I'm back Fo-Sho
I'm covering news tomorrow on the new 92.3 FM in East Tennessee. Let me know if you hear of anything going on tonight!
Thanks for the RT. Just noticed it.
Love Andy North's analysis at the Masters. Best in the business.
I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A
So one of those 'Big Peanut' bastards drives a Sentra?
that chair slipped. The sweat on Coach Knight's hands made it hard to hold on to as he spun it around to sit in.
RT“ #Pisces never looks down on others , they are to humble.”
check ur email wen u get a chance
I can work with that! Can't wait to see you!!!
Research paper is done, and now i can breath!!!
and FACEBOOK Ceo on #Oprah after the break.
U have that backwards dimwit. Ds plans are unsustainable! Stop spinning ur crap & get on board to get USA FISCAL House in order
Fellowship Night starts at 6pm tomorrow...Hope to see you here!!
On some typical procrastinator garbage, I neglected to pay my cell phone bill, so it's off. Ya'll try me tomorrow after, like 11 am...
true....but it's ALWAYS good to be a #Yankees fan!! :)
HA! Good visual!
Do all you can to make your dreams come true. ~ Joel Osteen
what a lavish lifestyle u lead for a student. Clearly I need to find a sugar mama who can foot the bill
ohmygod, it's not coming back!!!!???? I thought it had a built in audience?????
Spring is nearly here, and you know what that means... shorts, tank tops, and bare legs! Call us to schedule a hair removal appointment!
Great weekend #NYTtravelshow! Thanks to all. Now let's get out & promote more #bicycle #tours!
Road Quote of the Day: "Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey." - Fitzhugh Mullan
Sounds like a recipe for a great date! can host us! :)
Logan "" Morrison in the 5-spot tonight.
awesome! Very excited! iTunes?
I'm moving back in 15 days DID YOU MISS ME FAG?
Narrowly avoided enacting a tired cinematic trope at lunch today. Eating alone with a book is absolutely fraught.
I should be outta here by......6:50....I guess.
Life has thrown a lot of punches at me but for once I feel really good of where I'm at in life and of what God has blessed me with.
Going to see Gungor and the Brilliance with tonight!
for the 3rd time, right? :-)
If I ever come up with anything I deem funny enough! Thanks for the promotion offer...I will definitely take you up on that!
Time for Eva!
Colt Knost is a fat fuck
Take pride in how far you have come, and have faith in how far you can go. ~Christian Larson
Bravo to person of the year: the Protester!!
you guys are gonna rock this thing...Tampa is behind you for the win...enjoy the ride
I'm going to go into the tornado and watch my ass get blown all the way back to Cambodia!
I'll make it if at all I can!
Giants got lucky, ridiculous for Falcons not to go for it
Sir, Alexandra of Denmark has been the Princess of Wales since she married Albert Edward eighteen years ago in 1863!
Another good double day, back at the grind in the a.m. tomorrow...
I so look forward to meeting you young lady!
Got things to do and people to see? Power up your day with breakfast from the Space Room Lounge.
What the devil happened to you?!?! We need better security. You should have sicked Bella on him.
So far... It's an amazing day! Happy #FF to you! RT : Who's feelin' lucky today?
what gave it away? Too enthusiastic?
we need a 3 week :)
Will seriously cry tears of joy if there is a FRQ about the Scientific Revolution.
#SHOUTOUT to she follows back people!! Helpp her gain followers please. :)
Wow okay you tell them!!! All OLAY and shiiiittt :)
I’m entering to win $595 worth of eco-swag from and and you can, too! bit.ly/winlovingeco
Times like this I miss being in a relationship and having someone there for you...
Not shocked RT : Mayor Barrett getting booed at the Great Dane on the Ed Show. Ouch.
Loitering at my traditional West Philly spot where I would meet Jordon. Alas, mais où sont les d'antan?
Oh ya made Elaise who def sucks Dick STFU IT'S ABOUT TIME!! LMAO SNEAK ATTACKS don't matter when sum1 is always jumping ppl
We need more #followers - more #DC people who love #dance! Let all your friends know -
How yu a manager nd I end up beating you to work? Man they
Reality Check: The Buffett Rule | The Aquarian Weekly
lol, I don't think it's in the tiles for me!
How sad is it that I have to decide whether to pay for car insurance or buy 12 razors to shave my face.
I'd love to pick your brain for a sec. R u still around?
are girls really wearing their prom dresses tomorrow?!
I love the name Jett!!:) it is so good! Prom is tomorrow! Yeh you have all the J names..then there Sonny and Charlie..
hah, haters gonna hate!
do u like the original version of love like woe or the version u sing now better
hi! miss you! when will you be home? xx
Tweeting feels suspiciously like texting. IDK, my BFF Jill.
then i tell that bitch to keep sucking on my shiiit
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's such a good guy, I am willing to give him credit for Bush's accomplishments.
Not even then???!
and thank you both for the mentions!
HEY IM SO SORRY U R GETTING ALL THIS CRAP FROM
Going to the Winter Gift & Home Accessories show all weekend to look for teapots, teacups, tea strainers, tea infusers and other teaware!
Seeing the Lovely Bones before everyone else!
What restaurants would you like to sample on February 24? Suggestions welcome!
so wrecks are homeruns and touchdowns?
That could be me. Send me the link bro!
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog?
My sister and I got huge bug bites :(
Loving the sunny sunny Saturday. What is everyone doing today?
Ah yes, the Sun is out! It was so gloomy yesterday.
Great workout, well fed, let the glass fly!
the convos we have
You watching soccer? will like that
Oh, Joe. I am so sorry for your loss. Strength and prayers to your friend's family.
procrastination at it's finest
I do have plenty of true friends that I love with all my heart
Happy to be moderating a session on interactive edu media projects coming out of Taiwan.
You should have been on at 8:35-ish!!
Super Moon tomorrow night. Cancer people beware
2011 annual reports are now able to be filed online in #Delaware. Helpful for all dissolution, conversion and merger filings.
I need an adventure today l:
They say Life gives you challenges & tests to form your character. Well thanks to Life I'm one animated character. ~ Lisa Morgan
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
Follow me & follow you! bby's ICONiacz For LIFE <3!
Chick Happy Hour @ Fuse 6:30-9:00...no boys allowed! (well..not really) ;-)) $5 Fuse mojitos and others to make your mouth water.
The Dallas Cowboys are AWESOME!
Proof! That there is such a thing as a free lunch. fb.me/1886Cprhr
I miss the longer ustreams :(
Circulation is WAY up in my library this year. That is awesome.
just overheard at the vending machine: "git yourself sumpin' agnes," (in a super southern voice), "well not that. We're not kings!"
So, the winner who is goin to atlanta wid me is .! Congradulations
Fun Home, Dark Rain, Incognegro, Dykes to Watch Out For, Persepolis, just to name just a few!
you're welcome. Keep working hard.
I am not thrilled about casinos in MA but if it means we get to keep live racing at #SuffolkDowns I would support it.
thanks for following :)
Thanks to all of our #followers. We jumped from 7 to 73 in 24 hours! You rock! Your BFFs
Fuck school ._. I don't wanna go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Limit red meat and have more lean protein and fish
Mic please for livestream! Cannot hear Susan S!
From there stepped up to CSICOP & the Skeptical Inquirer.
hurdle looked like he was gonna kill him!
thanks - but everyone knows CMOs exaggerate a bit. also, don't believe kevin's "lowly" line. he's a diesel.
looked forward to it every week. We had chemistry professionals wish they had lol
followed! follow back?
"The research says we are niggers. We are consistently niggered...." Shaun Harper
Vita Vibe ballet barres come in tomorrow.
Happy Valentine’s Day from the Chicago French Market!
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Ok, I finally joined twitter. What's up world?
I would not count I sent a press release out. I sent the party release just to you when you asked what happened to the account.
I'm just assuming at this point that has died of a heart attack a dozen times tonight.
So true. M. Burnett looks at #21 like WTF?
hanging with she won't evn talk to me because the bulls game is on. haahahaha
After a year and a half he still opens the the door for me <U+2764>
this place is on fire! OHIO!!!!!
Going abroad this fall? Have a great internship? Just love CSU? Think about blogging for MyCSU. Direct message us if you're interested!
Tebow leading all rookies in jersey sales. No better combo than a virgin sporting the sexy orange and blue.
Happy Mothers day Holly! :-)
Thank you so much for watching my rap about RHOBH! I'm so glad you liked it!! --Claire!!
Who lives in college park who is not a hoe ?.
"Nobody can go back & start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." The Dash Between The Years...
Louisiana companies doing great #invoiceasap congrats. made it happen thanks
I've reached my following limit for the day...sucks
damn -.- Robert did bad?
Allen and Bernadette Hurley lived in Silver City with their baby and a roommate—who they, or just he, may have killed. Allen may be insane.
Have a Good Night All!
I should charge my fitbit and get moving too ;)
So many compliments on my Love Cortnie clutch from tonight! Look for some new orders. ;)
thank you for being a really great and wonderful friend jess
QoTD: "It takes less time to do something right than to explain why it was done wrong." (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
and my mom left it at my house, which is even sadder
LOVIN DEATHLY HOLLOWS!!
“ If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.”' Lmao!
what's the biggest you ever felt? I remember Pasadena in 1987. Knocked out of bed and onto the floor. 6.7 mag.
you're Jordan: how often to you get bummed you didn't finish at +.500?
If you have pre-existing conditions, we can offer advice about the various plans that will offer you the coverage you require....
thanks bro!
Corporate earnings looking great so far! $KO $GS $JNJ $IBM
you can garden all you want
Good series to get back on track! Let's go #Brewers!
why no answer? And why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty and which does not work?
#trackatheletesLEASTfavoriteline "Break a leg"
I'm a fan (and follower) of both of you. :-)
Thanks for the #FF mention; have a great #CRE weekend.
music in the AM, mountain freshness and beaches in the PM. niiccee.
#CNN confirms: Sanford, FL Police Chief Bill Lee will resign, after coming under fire for the handling of the #TrayvonMartin case.
What the heck Facebook! Just when you think you know where something is, they move it. Spend time on privacy issues K?
Total blackout on syfy channel is an awesome show!
The pain in my leg is so great... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
I'll be ok. Asthma-related. Can u believe I'm still in the hospital right now? Smh
When you feel embarrassed then ill be your pride, when you need directions then ill be the guide, for all times. For all time.
Asking God to humble you is really dumb.
"I hope your heart is broken many times because it means you would have loved many times."
I don't want to keep fighting for you when your just going to go back with her! Behind my back
Phaedrus~ The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
First impression is key in any interview - look polished, be confident and have a firm handshake
Great to meet people at conferences... people whose work you've read, who advance the field, people you've otherwise only met on Tw!
Donations messaging- what doesn't work: negative messaging, saying good donations are negative, claim org is an expert
is that really you? that is amazing, how did you do that. love it <3
RT : Fierce gay marriage debate betw Christie and Jonathan Capehart on Morn Joe. Gov challenges Obama to declare his...
you have no idea how much it delights me to see the Vitamin S campaign slogan. Visionary leadership for sure.
Thanks Kara! I think ppl need exposure to diff causes til they find one that resonates. Also be clear on what they want to give.
I depress myself. >.>
I to say, it but I think I'm falling for you <3
Lmao. That's funny. Hope y'all have a good time (:
I feel guitly that I haven't ever been to a GAME !!
Yea we'll all be doing it again this year
don't eat paper towels ... it's... it's just not good 4u (u may b going insane if attempt this when im done)
I wish I was somewhere 1300 miles away right now :|
Many disagree but I think the #Redskins are doing good things in the draft. Time will tell...
I think my tv is sick of watching Toy Story too
did the team stay in L'ville or bus back to Lex ?
Damn good...
#RETWEET TONY T "MR. BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE" WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM @ 5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD "START YA COUNTDOWN"
I don't blame him if the NBA's all time greatest coach feels that way I know im not stupid feeling the same way as a fan
5 hours to go as a Saturday librarian. After that, going downtown to see Wilco tonight.
So happy for you, buddy.
RT - Last day in Cleveland as we participate in 4th of July parade. Look for me on TV mom. After parade to Indians/Yankees g...
Oliver Twist
Watchin all the old seasons of Charmed I love this show!
IF YOU ARE FOLLOWING DIVERSITY PLATINUM... DO YOU KNOW THE CARD IS ON SALE FOR PRIDE MONTH AT $19.95? USE THE PROMO CODE BLPRIDE11 and SAVE!
Amen to that!
is shooting our entry for www.thereelchallenge.ca tomorrow night! Celebrating the Canadian tv/film industry for
haha I'm down ;D shit might even taste better ^_^
Thanks for spreading the word. :)
Make It In America :*
Hey , when r u in Colleyville?
Happy mothers day to the beautiful she deserves the royal treatment
Quick: First 3 people to tell us a fun fact about armadillo's wins 2 passes to the Armadillo Christmas Bazaar!
Oh happy day! “: now if I can just get tweeted by you my life would almost be complete ;)”
Welcome & Congrats on your 1st bike purchase. A thoughtful decision; one to never take lightly. Take care.
Welcome to JERSEY GIRL COUTUREThis is a Women's owned Designer children custom clothing line.Getting closer..We may hit that 300 by Friday T
no need to get greedy
It never fails.....
Sitting here, chillin, listening to music and thinking about everything,
A mind is a terrible thing and so are eels
When we start doing good, don't y'all start ridin the steelers again
Snobs? Please I was Lickin it up at Nassau Col. in 80's
thank you for sharing that with us . It brightened my day . Bless you
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE cody do you have your song lyrics stuck in your head alot?
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
It didn't help that bullpen fried and Gallardo only went two innings yesterday
I would rather smoke
that is so true! So we are going to so be doing some recording! Do I hear Mr. Producer in the making Alexander?
Brendan Ryan isn't that kind of #2 hitter, ifyouknowwhatImean
“: I love the smell of hardware stores. If you don't, your missing out." My brother is too funny!
Dear General Mills, My lil brother stop eating Kix a long time ago. Sincerely Mikey.
Everyone is flipping out about the lottery. I hate the lottery. By the way, are you gonna finish that sandwich?
havent been on here in a min
#teamfollowback Musicians, DJs, Radio Hosts, and Anyone Else in the Music Industry, follow me & , please. i will fb
RE-THINK RE-ENGINEER AND RE-DEPLOY
it was good I drug test tomo.. :/
#techville Ken Gay of LMG discusses production elements of 2012 Super Bowl half-time show... 7 minute load-in time? No sweat.
I ain't afraid that good die young cause irl be living like a rockstar.
Heck yeah! RT :Some pretty amazing team mates. We won Gila today, we had to work hard for it, but that's the best way!
Is it time for Mad Men yet?
thought the same after re-reading my post. :)
How may I help you sir ?
planning a big bday hangout with friends, if everyone could go, theres gonna be to many girls, and ik how that always ends up...FIGHT -_-
back to the weekly
k boo! !!!! We havveeee to stick to it!
Read the Label Challenge...30 Days I'll read &record where the clothes I wear are made. Todays outfit is mostly China, Taiwan & El Salvador.
And she didn't even respond to my tweet! It is Wednesday so let me go check her timeline...
Hiccups suck
I probably have to figure out how to be interesting for Twitter to help me. What a dilemma. :)
Rockvember in full swing..... : check. : Thursday.
my all time favorite Chuckie is on right now! Seed Of Chucky!
Year by year the christmas is more shitty.
son Ima see you at the frisbee jaunt tomorrow hahaa
To get to the other side? Wait, that's the answer to some other question.
Couldn't ask for anything more
National Thank a Teacher Day. I thank Mr. Gabin who brought exciting hands-on experiments to our science lessons in 6th grade.
Btw, does anyone have a video of the music video of Time Of Our Lives?? I didnt get to see it):
Mr Karadashin better get his act together. Effing baby ...
Oh, me too love... As soon as I get over this legal bs. I'm so... stressed. I'm proud of you, and love you. -MM
RT SAA is the SXSW of the archives and library conference circuits! / Love that comparison. Hipper shushers indeed!
Hope you're having a great weekend Heather!!
Thanks. ": #ff love for some of our favs .."
My recovery seems to be going well... I just hate being helpless and in pain
Damn dude at Least act like him haha
#txfire #src In Bastrop #need shower chairs, transfer benches & walkers for elderly. Drop off at #loc Starbucks 501 W.hwy 71
"I'll have the wine from her tears" - Michael Hutchence, ordering for his date (c. 1987)
I can think of LOTS of uses for an <odd/> tag. But is there a definition? Or do we make it up?
please with a cherry on top follow me, I love you so much
Good morning Milwaukee!! - We are still looking for an Ace web developer/creative for our digital & smartphone app needs.
Hey bro, I'm there on June 1st. I'm tryin 2 set-up a lil introduction listenin party in the "Real World Suite" at The Palms.
so, I can't follow you since you're private?
You know what else is good for counting the five girls you've slept with? Your hand.
Hello Cecillia, how have everything been, I need to get your number again, send it to me on facebook. Talk to you later
Ty for being an ambassador. Have you taken a look at the menu for your restaurant? Any ideas yet?
said it arrived to u yesterday punk! At the addy u gave me!!!! Find it!!!
apparently I know an embarrassing (and hilarious) number of paula abdul song lyrics.
you are a class act! Your momma should be proud!
“Just living is not enough. One must have ¤sunshine, <U+262E>freedom, and a little <U+273F> flower.”—Hans Christian Anderson
See our Ultimate 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange & Grapefruit Crushes 4-close!
Wow,wow,wow!
glad I could introduce you to the hookah tonight
Boosie boo is free yea zoo
I thought EXACTLY the same thing earlier today. RT " The new Toyota Prius commercial is creepy. And not in a good way."
Pre- Mother's Day fight about parenting... Sounds about right.
lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> u silly good luck with them match u
“: A man who disrespects a woman doesn't deserve one. - ”
attire for lunch!
check out the latest version on github. It only links the image if there's an anchor wrapping the image.
is Child Invisible's first official follower! :)
never passed by my class yesterday so i could hit him with a paper
": My favorite thing is ugly, old, drunk men talking about how often they cheat on their wives." OMG!!!! Poor girl!
FALSE. You drink protein mix to enlarge and strengthen muscle tissue. You can't gain muscle.
<U+2665>You on let's stay together episode when is your next cd coming <U+2665>
For twitter followers only of course.....
niggga you better finish before June 7th!
I'm ready!
It's been one month since Trayvon Martin was killed. Such a heartbreaking sorry. I will be praying for his family today as they grieve.
- Our magazine is VERY interested in interviewing #DonOmar when he's performing in NYC. We would love to know how we can proceed!
wut time u get off work! meet me in cvs when u get off
One more point and they are out scoring the Niners? Lol! RT : Just got back from Halftime and the women score again... 7-0
I know!!!! I can't believe it! I'm coming home Thursday!!
WE see a path & we take it....
I mean great musicianship and all, don't get me wrong. Just not my cup o' tea.
Great hangin' w ya at Looking forward to future opps w/
Tell me jokes.
please email my username
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Find out what happened during a 3 hr. standoff this morning in Des Moines, plus how Miss Iowa is doing tnight!
Will be sitting down with tomorrow at the #PlaybookBreakfast as he talks policy and politics.
very close
Learning Commons looks like it will be fabulous!!! #aasl11 i'll be there this afternoon to learn.
My heart break like I'm made of glass ..
Ha! Are you kidding me? He's a terrible actor! His only good films were National Treasure
RT : April 23 at 7 PM EST #engchat w/ & - Exploring Mentor Texts for Digital Writing. Pls. RT Interesting!
Matt Lindstrom was aiming to be the second Oriole booed today. He got out of that predicament somehow.
Its better to talk things through.
Buying with other people or buying a newly-built or park home are some of the ways you can make owning a home more affordable.
: Flag football championships today, he's a gamer, he's a baller, play maker and a shot caller, and all he does is win
The tri-state has been removed from the SLIGHT RISK for Severe Weather this afternoon.
58 days till my birthday whoop whoop geekin face o yea
Very proud of counter protest to WBC. We showed why we are one of the most LGBTQ friendly campuses and most politically active!
Nice. Rondo best pg in the league. Definitely Won't hurt.
Thanks for the RT, Ken!
- we could build it into a main show act one day. A little bit of practice goes a long way
Uhm Belated Happy New Year! I used to be FuckMeWill haha!
she always makes my day a little better with all of her bullshit on twitter. Lol
IM the head of the motherfucken state NIGUHHH lmao
aw how preshh! <U+263A>
Tried to use the image of looking in disgust 's Cupcakes. Sorry Jill, my inner fat girl won this time!
Get your arse to Threadgill's South to see Kri n Hettie right now, #Austin!
Wow, thanks for the retweet Syd!
Enthusiasm gives life to what is invisible; and interest to what has no immediate action on our comfort in this world
I wish I could at least met Austin before he leaves for Miami now I have to wait another 6 months to have a chance ...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
good thing about the satanic ritual to bring your twitter into view.
What makes the roller coaster go downhill. I do - wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
We have a selection of graphic novels, with very divergent art styles. I can't help but think it is the art that pulls the students.
Follow me? (:
“: Is it bad that I still haven't taken the SAT or the ACT?” no bc u know youre getting lik a 32 on youre ACT
sup twitter !
Thk u 2 all that brought their MOM's by 2njoy an amzing Brunch! Sty n touch 4more wonderful evnts & b sure 2 follw
skrewed myself over
1st speaker-child care costs going up will make her choose between work + caring for her child
Glad the National Championship game is two SEC teams: #LSU &
Heat go down!! Woo hoo
some girls are bigger than others, true. we know a few or so.
lololololol please girl ;) scary thing is .... I really could ... :/ scary thought lol I know
We will only reproduce what we are on the inside.
rely there not i promise
Just went to opening of the Dennis Hopper exhibit at MOCA. Julian Schnabel curate and gave a nice speech on Hopper and the exhibit was great
...so when are u coming back?? ;)
sending a few sheep your way. going to try to find a few of my own again :) 'night!
Like it.
I feel likee I'm the ONLY PERSON op this latee .
RT : Basic analytics aren't measuring if someone is learning through SM
Today just flat out sucked
good looking out Hopester lol I appreciate it
my mom: i choke you you with tender love and care. my mom lol
Not a funny joke.
Congrats on the NBA man. U and Enes should be calling in Cleveland tho. Thx for the final4 to. #BBN needed that
Never settle for the path of least resistance!
oh my god... my body is ready XD lmao. ahha, guess what?! :)
Stock market: Apple AAPL new cheaper phone announced today is BAD for the stock, will take away from lucrative iPhone margins! Beware...
Ok dinner in tummy and Hawk gear on. DROP THE PUCK!!!
AH! im so excited!!! i love u so much it will be great i kno it! u never fail to be amazing! plz follow? <3 i love u so much
Nicely played!
I missed the story RE that Libyan woman!! Is it one of your earlier tweets?
Affordable Family Vacations: Does the phrase "affordable family vacations" conjure up images of "National Lampoon's Vacation," with C...
Thanks - we appreciate that! Feel free to email me your company info for my clients at, :) thx!
Come cheer me on tonight at The World Famous Comedy Store! I will be competing with 64 comics for more stagetime on The Comedy Madness show.
Ur Ghetto: if u got sneakers hanging from ur telephone lines. Ur looking at a pair wondering if they fit u, jumping with a very long stick.
Schools out for summer. Schools out forever, out for summer, out til fall. Oh wait, its fall. Who else already misses summer?
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva. Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
I have an idea for a replacement to "illegal immigrant" ... Without Papers or ... on second thought.
Loving #AnnaDeavereSmith in "Let Me Down Easy" on #PBS . One-woman show with 15+ characters discussing the end of life.
see you soon <U+2708>
S/O to all our followers. keep shit movin...we on the come up this year!
RT : City Council Approves Mayor's Taxi Reforms | NBC Chicago - #Chicago City Council approves mayor's taxi reforms: http......
The day when I wake up in your arms I thought it was a dream but it was real, now that you're so far from me, I dream to be in your arms..<U+2665>
Really nice cork.
Open Access Week.
you haven't taken the ECA yet?
RT : MUSIC HAS STARTED! See you in the Park!
aye what's up text me some time please
Thank you for following us! :) Mention Twitter on your next visit & get: $10 OFF-60 Minute Session $15 OFF-90 Minute Session EXP : 09-15-11
Get ready for 2012 the year of change whats up guys???? let me know what your opinions are for 2012! I believe its time for a new change!
Whoa! This game is too close for comfort! C'mon
Apparently the movie "Bully" is not about a dog. Who knew?
Lookn for a female to chill and have fun with. Why do we have to talk about a relationship. Didn't I just meet you like two days ago! Sheesh
Nice use of She Sells Sancturay.
If only we could successfully harness the power of people spitting on Baltimore sidewalks, there'd be no need for offshore wind farms.
Good day tweets! It is Friday! Yes!
Australian-owned Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks to axe 1400 jobs by 2015 - Daily Mail
see if they will let you practice putting with a bed pan
Show your comic card to Mark or your server and receive a free appetizer with the purchase of your lunch.
GO BULLS!!
#confessionnight I miss you
Another reason to NOT vote MT : Unity Rally scheduled for Wed with all Dem candidates for Gov cancelled by
I'll take Joe Biden's gaffes over Mitt Romney's anything!
is a cool duder!
Thanks so much for the follow Nate!
I'd be happy with a 3 on this drive.
music definition
I been on some fuck shit lately with these youngins. I'm on it right now
i'm cuddly bitch, deal with it.
I was evem rejected when I volunteerd for Alien abduction.
Congrats to MOL artist Slow Hands... playing DEMF this year! Hash tag omg.
Naah I already did.
yes! if I'm gonna die from an atmospheric ice cloud, I'm gonna go out drinking expensive booze, listening to Mozart.
Oh, now they're saying the situation has been diffused. Carry on.
Thanks! This amazing photo was taken by big props to her for capturing the moment.
World AIDS Day. Peace 2 1s who have passed. Strength 2 1s living with. Luck 2 1s working on a cure. Thanks 2 1s who care for others with it.
There are 31 "points of light" that search engine spiders target...blogs, videos, etc. Update content on at least one weekly.
Go Reds! And Bailey please be a beast vs. San Diego, which we all know what will farrell said in anchorman! "Discovered by the Germans"
hope to see you at The Milwaukee Opener!
you mess with my alcohol and it's OVER!!
i notice when people i follow on twitter change their avatar because it's unfamiliar. i prefer to keep the same one up for awhile
J. Noah has officially been ruled out for Game 4 vs 76ers
hanging out in the chiquitos I worked in 15 yrs ago in my NW Lundun hood!!! Old skool!!! Memories...memories...memories ;-)
Encouraged them to utilize social media to connect with leaders in their field and to develop their own reputation through self-branding.
Do I have to go home tomorrow? So sad, I love Arizona! :(
Watched The Voice last night. What's the deal with Christina Aguilera ? ~ jesse
Countdown...RT Cannot wait for Night Heist where will have a surprise appearance from !
I need your number asap. We need to have an I hate school chat
Sorry I don't accept people named ItszYoo' BoiiKriisz'
Not enough movement on the PP allowing Caps to cut off passes and pressure puck carriers. Too much emphasis on point shots.
Wings All Over Milwaukee!! Wing Special at #WestAllis & #Milwaukee locations all day today!! Traditional Jumbo and Boneless!!
GOOD MORNING Y'ALL
Thanks for the link!
Niggas be lazy in the trap always grabbing my shit
It didn't take years of made up conversations with people for me to support gay marriage. Hooray for low standards for "cool" politicians.
Manhattan Monologue Slam tonight! - is on the panel!
Have A Great Day N. A Good AM to all my Followers.....
I really want to under this woman at Walmart that's not wearing a bra.
Show some love for the ones who past away
Probably a hover board.
10:00 news story: what you need to know about buying Llamas from the side of the road. I love New Mexico.
thanks girl. You were my first birthday wish, lol
Can I please just go home and snuggle with my covers for the rest of the week?
She's STILL chomping on that gum!
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. I hate bugs like spiders, roaches, etc. but yet I love things like snakes. #fucklogic xD
And that's totally fine. RT : ProTip: Unless your name is "The Fonz" there will always be someone cooler then you.
not surprised you are having a beverage
Fighting the urge to eat unhealthy. Getting back to my size 3 !
this sucks.
Welcome back--we're so glad you'll get to try Balsan. Thanks again for a wonderful set of photos from your RIA dinner.
Please allow me to introduce myself....
Figuring out what character slug to use for a monster posing as a now-dead character.
Thank you for developing the lists.
Dan Porter (), CEO of OMGPOP mentioned , which helps you unsubscribe to junkmail by taking a pix of the mail. Super
is cracking me up! Have always thought she was a great actress but had no idea she was so funny! LOVE her!!
Not as much since they found something that works. RT : T4 How important is it that they retain a start-up’s mentality?
The editing kinda sucked too
what's wrong with it bro is it torn?
damn i need more followers
so you think you hott shit now ? hump, n*gga you just warming up.
Creating the user flow and interface for contestants to enter a #facebook application that I have been working on.
Russell and Scott Johnson will round out public testimony. Court will deal with #apple in its executive session.
GenXers -- do you associate yourself with the stereotypes of our generation? Why/why not?
I alwayss think ill wake up 30 mins to get breakfast at the bagel shop but instead I go back to sleep-.-
YOU LIKE MIKE AND IKES?!
At #fenway tonight. Catch me on NESN in my brown paper bag.
#beforeigotsaved i was afraid of everyone seeing through my lies.
GUYS.FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Its a Christmas beach day here so I went for a run on the sand. Your move, Santa.
It's hard to keep on trucking when you ride a moped
And I'll never hit a woman never in my life <U+E326><U+E326><U+E326><U+E326><U+E326><U+E420>
Have you guys heard of texting?
Yes, I quite enjoy swing dancing. :)
Wanna eat n crawl in bed wit >>
ain't that just the problem with feelings?
#FACEBOOK under Victoria way #TWITTER send a personal message THANK YOU contact me from 3:00 to 7:00
haha thank you!
yeah she hates us. Y ? Idk shes an old crazy ladyy
I tweeted 80 times yesterday!! You cant tell me he didnt see it!! :/
team is at Antonio's Nut House in Palo Alto.. Do you want to confess
New bathroom, 1st floor of Reiss. "The Pit" some great graffiti
But to be fair, some Democrats also voted against it. I'm not sure this is all Republicans fault man.
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be there-but many others don't have that luxury.
Coal Jam
My hashtag from now until graduation - one month away!
Totally sucked in to 'the killing.'
Plus KG and Tim playing the best ball they played in 2 yrs ...
Q: What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone...? A: You can put a cellphone on silent.
We need more days like today.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS!, PLZ FOLLOW plz?
no homo
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
hey - are you down? our client is freaking out!
is going to be on blog tv today? if so are you going to be there?
will be back in the studio on Friday :)
***in line
If you love pizza stop by Salute.46 East Superior. 50% off all pizzas every Sunday! Open patio and great wine selection.
IK!! GEY YOUR SEXY PERVY HORNY ASS BODY ON TWITTER!!!!
Originally, a remix only used elements from original master tapes -- it didn't add new stuff. +
discussion about membership: in case of a consortium, should it be encouraging member libraries to have librarians join KUDOS?
can a tree loving hippie like me be in love with dance music? YES ABSOLUTELY!!
Half asleep watching a fairly odd parents marathon. Happy mothers day, eh?
Had to listen to Jay Z to uncheesify myself.
You successfully stepped away from the dark side. Don't go back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Make sandwiches, not war
The official draft party, at Tavern Downtown - Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here tonight!
lol that's cute. & yes ma'am, i'm always down to run especially now that it's summer. i have lots of free time
: ( The hair is standing up on my arms! I thought you would be sleep young man...
Who has the only hit for me today....... TABATA of course!
dey cant have no bad girls club in compton cuz everybody will die b4 the reunion
the dazzling and heartbreaking Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal? by Jeanette Winterson
HAHAH ;) love you
Happy New Years everyone! Get to work on those resolutions!
don't try to kill the baby hoe!!!! Trying to swagger jack my Queen who been in the game for over ten years love mixtape!
incantation. I couldn't watch the funeral, smh. She was the soundtrack to my childhood, and YA life
So sorry to hear of the passing of your Grandma.
Search for properties today at www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com!!!
i had my healthy oatmeal 2 hours ago. 9AM otter pop.
yay!! us 4 are gonna party :)
Kicking off the panel by placing the kabash on the use of sterile buzz words.
Gosh, I remember fondly the last time the #Browns fans got ecstatic about draft power moves...
2012 OVERTHROW and ESTABLISH! First Things First!
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. Napoleon Hill
looking forward to the tweetup this afternoon HAPPY Friday!!!
"And I hope the sunshines and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, you wish you would have stayed..."
how long has he been in college? Scottie Reynolds thinks its been forever. And Aaron Craft is still at OSU? What?
And yet more Inspirational
More of whatever you want, Dave.
yep, they have to be knee length and approved by bill
It has been a great day. kids & I made breakfast in bed 4 their mom, played her fav board game, made her fav dinner & about 2 watch survivor
Nice!!! We are so glad we helped your husband to be healthier! ;)
missed that . My bad.
What a beautiful weekend! Spring has sprung! What are you doing to enjoy the weather?
Hudson got a sad face for talking in class.His excuse"my brain messed up.It was in the purple pipe" I don't know what that means.
Very sad news to hear Milwaukee media journalist Tim Cuprisin has passed away. Always enjoyed reading him.
God is always good and caps won #positivetweet lets take game 7 <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
I need some pops today!
be sure to give us details so we can #support!
rock it!! “: Heading out for a morning ride on the big red machine #ironman #triathlon #marathon #imny”
Today is the day that comes around once a year and get to play all the FIFA he wants! =)
Celts team D turns into offense, but wow Koebe won't is single handedly keeping LA in this game
just finished War Room. Good read.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Buckeyes hangin in there but need to step it up 2nd half. Kansas looking pretty solid.
sign the petition at www.fallingwhistles.com for a #specialenvoy and #freeandfair elections in Congo
Attempting to host playgroup at ballpark. Any corporations w/a suite want to sponsor the moms/babies for a day game? #please?
“: U ever notice the prettiest women have the loudest burps?” oh gosh I can burp very loud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
In a shitty mood
IM READY FOR SUMMER
“: Tony Siragusa channeling his inner Tony Sparano with the shades. #TheFuturesSoBright " I just said the same thing to Megan!
OMG I'm going on a healthy detox starting Sunday... I'm feeling so run down, and this headache is kicking my azz. Meds aint working...
Everything sounds romantic in a foreign language, no matter what is said.
Getting glasses next week!
Baby something bout you and i<333
once again your wronnggg
Thats is amazing! This dog is such a cutie too! :)
no longer owns a ps trey
I will be Presidency 5 in Orlando, Fla on September 22,23 & 24 2011 stealing the show. Hope to everyone there. www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Moreno with a little Edwin Moses there
. opened and the turn out was INSANE. Their launch was based on social media without a single print ad or TV spot.
It is gonna be cray cray!!! And thumps will provide beast music
Looking forward to our live rematch tonight - admit it, you're feeling nervous, right? #BTR 10pm/CT
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Zack Simmons is the teats!
Q2 Socializing costs $. Ideas for getting around that? $5 = one day's food. It's hard to justify fun at the expense of eating.
Umii opens office in Sau Paulo
i bet it was.. i just went to wendys..
just saw the couple on campus still holding hands. Kickin it strong I am impressed
Wake the fuc up America!.
Chgo #Metra Rock Island currently in announcement-overlap hell. Entire trip. "Captive" audience != permission for lazy, annoying, awful.
DOUGH RAISING NIGHT FOR SPECIAL OLYMPICS! This Wednesday, all Papa Murphy's locations donating 20% of Wednesday's sales to Special Olympics.
It is what it is- It was what it was.
Apparently I don't remember, but I just found out that I was a state champion in gymnastics one year.Why did I not stay in it?????
Thanks! What would you like to discuss?
get ouffa that thing...
God luvs me and thts why im ss happy i owe it all to him :-)
Banana ricotta chocolate chip bundt cake baking away. Excuse me, I'm just going to sit by the oven and inhale.
yay i know!!! I'm so happy for him!!! I was celebrating haha :) love !
I am making pancakes and watching spongebob, my life is a waste of youth
So Ringer got cancelled?
Lol its funny looking at the german boy on willy wonka and having a german sitting next to me
I disagree w/ chuck there & correct me if I'm wrong. But Jordan wasn't ask to check some1 as explosive as Westbrook this late n the career
Cal is so cute - he can never say "Toyota" quite right. :-)
Is it me, or does the Subway flatbread song sound like Phish. All except, "you don't need a lot of cash."
I'm a couple days late...but Happy Chinese New Year-the year of the dragon. Have you seen the Lego "dragon" at Downtown Disney yet?...
you was going to p.a ? o.O
What's gd u do that track yet dog?
your the best... i love u
#confession I'm probably one of the craziest people you'll ever meet.
I need to upgrade my DVDs collection. Need new
Fuck the Heat Bulls all day thank
What are the top ten priorities for starting a new high school (Public, private, charter, web-based, etc.)?
I'm waist deep in social media for a client
#np 'What the water gave me' Florence + The Machine
When do games times come out for non conference games, specifically U of L
Glad to see you here! Thanks!
wow. haven't been on this account in a while.
Yeah, we are thinking about it!
To my random followers, please stick around! I sometimes have witty things to say.
i forgot your invitation :/
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
thanks guys - couldn't do it without you!
that's my job. Please let me know of other great people & stories that you see out there. -- JG
I can't stand that shit that the reason why all I listen to is rap lol. Nd yeah she's not that bad but there better
Game time!!! Wade!
Just finished performing concert! Amazing crowd and energy!! Encore?! Perhaps later : ) -Poreotics
When people get on the subject of my ex:(
Hey brothers, good luck getting the twitter account going! Damn Proud, Dave Rutley '93
I'm definitely tired of this same junk. It's time to take a break from HU and it's time for summer
Come eat pie over here.
oh ok
they're out of blintzes..."too bad, too bad"...
Fox's 25th Anniversary Special. Admit it. You're watching it too.
In 1960 it was thought know animal but humans knew how to use tools ... until Jane Goodall saw a chimpanzee to use grass as a tool. EOE
i do!
that drinks no sense...and hurts my brain
it's 5o'clock here - go for it! Salud!
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
wheres the invite :)
"Wish" sample is up ! check it out and tell me what you think ! dont forget to hashtag this on twitter for me ! #GetAustinToSeeJBsPicture !
Happy Joe's is still better. Yum indeed.
The conscience side is quickly catching up. Was very disheartened to see the way players reacted to the Bountygate suspensions.
lmao obviously we dont get enough credit cuz we STILL gotta circle "Other" on our applications nd shit
Everyone wants to. (;
Levain is in NYC on West 74th St. just off Amsterdam Ave.
Thanks and congrats 5th annual OnSite Program. Great support from & Common Ground Foundation. Awesome students.
Happy Monday twitter world! Did any of you get outside and enjoy this weekend's sunshine? Send us your pictures
OMFG. YEE THEY ARE GONNA PLAY IT AGAIN :D
#threewordsforyou Facebook is gay
She thinks she's a rottweiler! lol
When my eyes are closed I see from who u truly r, which is OOOGLY!
Random thought: Rick Santorum got out of the race for the same reasons everyone does: Ran out of Money and faced certain defeat.
is 1 for 1 in the New Year's resolution battle. 2008 = Buy a House ... 2009 = Get in Shape!!
What an amazing day!..truly perfect..I'll sleep well tonight...
Thanks for the mention! Can't wait to share all of our new amenities and share the native plant love with our guests this...
tired today :(
hello darlin :D
TURNOVERS BABY
Walking the dog, its a beautiful day :)
I know, I always act like I'm fine. Nobody's know what i really feel in this place, NOBODY T.T
very excited about 'Terminally Single'!
HUGE Shout out & Thanks to the customer that brought us Bagels straight from New York!!! Made our morning!
You are so sweet. Thank you!
damn get yourself to a concert! in da meantime you should check out dis one!
RT": There's a reason why people like you and I find each other. Regardless of what it is, I feel it's no accident.”
At Urban Prep's School Speakinq
Great quote! RT : “Do you love me?” means “Do you see the same truth?” — Ralph Waldo Emerson as quoted by C.S. Lewis
fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you!
for the forum
Tuh all we need is a M&G in nyc, and u would see em again, lmfao.
Everyday isn't like Sunday Morrissey! There are days the sun comes out as well. You need a hug or I need to listen to more Hall & Oates.
All these chicks they getting raunchy at the same damn at
more is not always better
You turned your back on tomorrow Cause you forgot yesterday
too busy to keep up sometimes! been in the classroom - wonderful~
hurry up lol check out maowali on youtube and watch my vid lol
Tired of trying to get to follow me...
you better just not be a cock block lol you shit head
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The Brig - Pub (live updates)
Walking to 7-11 to satisfy my sweet tooth. Skittles and Reese's
Just went to luncheon "Navigating Change Through Effective Communications" - best advice was how to get an invite to The Table
RT Dunning: #LTNY - inability to forecast WED, FEB 1, 2012 spend = fallacy.
Maybe I should go to sleep early? hahaha
haha right?! It would be just perfect
There's this big giant fire ball in the sky that's going to kill us all!
Pride idol auditions. Lets go!
This crazy is in the monkey cages! Lmao!
This sounds like a good idea.
who's winning this week?
Laura Bush makes plea for continued accountability
Enough prime rib to kill a dogg.
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
That's awesome! How are you doing this week? Hope you are feeling better every day!
With every award Adele wins, L.L. Cool J's dimples get bigger. :)
Happy May Day, everyone.
I'll never know and you refuse to tell your wife
yeah i'm watching it :)
Please tell your friends to follow me so that I can continue getting word out about my upcoming single and video! Thanks!
Finally going home
tweet me
As the sun warmed western Loudoun this morn, the valley fog gently rose over the Ridge. Sunlight broke thru, spotting the greenery under.
I felt just like this movie at that time
“: The awkward moment when you laugh hysterically at something no one else found funny.”
A Woman may not cheat on a Man she loved. But best believe she have a rebound Man, waiting for her to say hello.
Roger Sterling on LSD
": Quote: "He who strikes the first blow admits he's lost the argument." Chinese Proverb "-HA! So true!
yes but being realistic Lakers will only win series if they soundly beat Thunder tomorrow. that home crowd for OKC is unreal
And all the ones before said that they would take care of you well really wanna take care of you girl!
FOLLOW me i FOLLOW BACK!!!!
#weekendupdate - this weekend was actually pretty fun yaaaay
Old guy on Grindr: "You're very cute." Me: "You're very old." Him: "Ouch.." Me: "Oh I thought we were stating the obvious.." Him: *block*
ACA opposers joined us in singing "America the Beautiful"
Grumble in your tummy? We have an Old School breakfast to fix that.
mke let's step up our shoveling and plowing game
I wanna cut one every single day so....welcome to the club! Hey, how's The Violator? Still violating?
If Shane wins, there will be NO Mayweather fight!
Child YES. I'm spreading the word c;
Warrior Dash!!! So excited!!!!
Best display - brewed cafe
Today, don't rush through your inner preparations as you get ready to set down a piece of your soul on life's canvas. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
if they make it out of the east they will.... Can you say flyers/ kings finals!!!!
BCSO: I-40 Eastbound over the Rio Grande is being opened after a 7 hour closure.
You got a new grill?
is back at www.3cpdx.com. Welcome back to #health through #chiropractic, #Portland!
love your hatter hair!
I've always respected you since I saw you in ROH but today you have gained even more
happy birthday :)
Oh, I DO like the new profile pages for
Once student gets an award at a CA #comm_college, income doubles.
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> . So I just called my momma and asked where she at.. She said "I beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap nicca!" I hung up.”lol
I'm eating a ring pop and it reminded me of how when I was in sixth grade I'd take a picture with one of them in my mouth, LMFAO.
well, we love you!
#AGirlDeserves A boyfriend that will text her every morning & night and reminds her that she's better than all the other girls.
Hahaha you have to break it on (;
OMG. I HAVEN'T TWEETED 4EVER!!
“: lol I know silly goose”<~ unless u gonna pay me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That's mean. I'm normal height now!
If a dyslexic person is also cross eyed can they read perfectly??
Loved your Nightwoods review. "...low-level fever that runs alternately warm and chilling" captures it exactly.
RT : Besides benefitting from fresh produce, #gardening is great for your health by reducing stress & anxiety!
Looking at the new movies coming out, the next couple years.....
On train. Person next to me talking on phone about how to pitch a story to my employer. So strange!
Worries growing about commercial real estate Delinquency rates at hotels, office buildings have more than doubled
On the island was such a great book :)
Yet again he blogged obscure and enigmatical
Just watched war artist Allan Harding Mackay's POWERFUL protest against the Harper gov't as he destroyed his artwork on
Another Smithsonian Craft Show exhibitor on Twitter is If I missed any, please tweet with #finecraft hashtag so we can find...
i can't say "my day was great" anymore .
Fools gold on stage now with wicked guitar riff opening
I'm Loving my life every day, Because cause i know god is by my side
are offering rides from ABQ to Santa Fe this evening. Leave a message here if you want to try to line something up.
Sunday Brunch Milwaukee! Blue Ribbon at its best: three fluffy beer batter pancakes served with scrambled eggs and sausage $9
What are you talking about?
Happy Bday Gunner Sixx!! you have lots to be proud of Nikki :) Have a awesome day!!
I'm ova here tweak'n. It aint nothing on tv man
Chicken"Kiev"<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>breaded chicken breast stuffed w/butter, pan fried to perfection, served w/buckwheat or mash potato. #NashaRashaNYC <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
so excited! Can't wait. Love your work!
what pool were you at?
Your eyes realized what your mind didn't see .
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
The running theme for every mtg last 3 weeks: certificates/dual auth on mobile. Broken record
YAY! RT : Thank you for watching the Kickstarter vid & for your kind words! Shooting at the end of June - so soon!
Huge congrats to and his Carroll Pioneers defeating #1 seed Lake Forest in MWC tournament today!
ARE YOU GUYS ALIVE?
If you are an indie musician, what is your biggest challenge w/ marketing your videos on youtube?
Great to see you here! Love your work and was excited to learn recently that we went to the same high school.
We are advocates and if we can make things happen, that's what leadership is.
Thanks for sharing.
no problem and good luck.
So cute! Enjoy your family:) Condolences.
Xmas Tweets: Crashed car into a wall on the news. Mom is commenting on the drapes.
Hey, cutie pie. I'm so behind on Twitter that I missed your tweet about my WIP. Sadly, I've made no progress. -bad writer!
Stanford's pgm-class and nlp-class are finally live! Can't wait
Yo im so bored today n yesterday have been the most boringest days ever !!!! :) - I wanna see that boy again his cute<3
Enjoy the little things in life :)
Colombian president calls for French journalist's release. Another "theater play" looking for good advertising and promotion of government.
just got chills watching the #HarryPotter 7 part 2 sneak peek!!
Lololo this language??? LololRT : Yeah I ain't gone make it thru this!!! #BRANDY welling up already!
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Spent the day kayaking at La Jolla Shores & saw two HAMMERHEAD SHARKS! I stayed in the kayak!
I am doing really good its my b-day I am going to have fun
Just to give everyone the memo blocked calls to my phone = no answer.. grow the hell up n call me with out blocking it if u wanna talk to me
Tom Miller says: "Don't forget to show your support for walking in City Hall".
Exactly. I'm all for exploring on my own, but I love my life too. RT Some things you should leave to the pros!
I could hold you forever
I'm tired of keeping shit Lowkey :/
BECAUSE MY TEACHER TOLD ME TOO
stay tuned.. upcoming.. and updating... 2 (two)stories!1 - my child 's brain cancer story. how can we improve our county the AMERICAN WAY
its not easy...
Um....awesome
I hear that. I only have an hour to blow!
and - thanks for the RT. Enjoy your weekend!
#BBTN he has a name. It's Cinco.
#whycantyoujust make me some empanadas AGAIN!?! :p
missed you more!
Naming my first child karate tecate.
AWKWARD CAPS LOCK IS AWKWARD
It's almost impossible to be an attractive female & have heterosexual male friends
Orig music of Chancel Choir & Orchestra will "Lead (you &)Me Back To Bethlehem" Church LaMesa! 2 performances 5 & 7pm~Free
Hello jobby jobs. Where are you hiding?
Appreciate the s/o!!
Dear , cool cars look like penises. Your car looks like a scrotum.
What is the first thing you notice about a person when you meet him or her?
you are the chocolate chips in my cereal bowl.
Why am I going out right now?!!
I know! Had to post it;) Nice to see you again:)
Jackie will be on live with John Zimney on 95.3FM, MNC at 8:10AM! Be sure to start your day with MNC's finest political commentator!
Happy birthday to my lil sister, , my special sauce :)
well saying "tres compositoras Latinos" would be sufficiently vague.....
Got my blue screen again!
Life has ups and downs its what you do about when you are down or how you deal with it
Time to #PTFO. DEUCES!
“: Switched seats hoping that the #phillies can get something going. #Keepingthefaith”they need a miracle!
Annie!! (: ahah I love you too!!! Hope you're swell! (<underused word right there) <3
We have a SMALL store, but BIG discounts! Why pay more? We sell name brand furniture for a whole lot less than the big guys!
Join GEMINI this Saturday, April 14th, 10pm-1am @ Rehab Bar and Grill on Indy’s southeast side.
#GoodMorningWorld ! Time for me to Introduce myself to you !
I wish the ebook ToC in your best-ofs (Horror, SF&F) named the author with the story title; it'd make for a lovely experience.
Up early working out listening to #Beenieman - Jamaican ting
Have you heard of DogTV? Our friends in SoCal have been telling us about it.
Ok 16 hours of this is enough. Finally leaving work. I need a beer!
Lol I just spent 10 minutes looking for my earrings and they were.....in my ear. Smh <U+263A>
Heading to Waukesha tonight to cover the U.S. Senate republican candidates debate. 7pm at Expo Center.
Thanks. :) We actually skipped the zoo + went to the Night Safari instead. The fire show was amazing!!
Digital Drop-In experts are ready & waiting to solve all your digital history problems now! Exhibit Hall D.
Our prayers are for & with you, William Mosley of Northwestern State basketball. Among the sad stories this weekend. The Lord is our refuge
So and almost broke my ankle
I'm off to have St Particks Day dinner with my parents. Corn beef and cabbage!!! Yum
#SinceImBeingHonest Most of my problems in life are self-inflicted. Most of yours are, too.
Got money.
That awkward moment when the person you’re talking about on your Facebook status likes that status.
Daylights saving time tomorrow, dont forget to spring forward!!
RT : Thx for visiting today! Great tips for #PR peeps.
was gonna go myself in the morning lol fuck college just come with I need a gym friend
damn yoo. well let me see if i get someone with a car
I'm in the hospital in the AC.
my little brother and his girl friend are so cute together lol
At the California Genealogical Society today, presenting "What if the Oral History is Wrong?" - 1 pm. Free to public.
AP: Lugar loses Ind. GOP primary to tea party rival
At sparklin image
Red line fun flash mob on thurs 2/16 at 5pm stay tuned for details!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you think 2Chainz lyrics are "deep".
"TOO MANY MONDAYS, NOT ENOUGH SATURDAY NIGHTS" by Brad Wolf, out in only 1 week - already getting airplay!
My spirit is gone... think I'll take myself out tomorrow before work to a nice lunch. Need a different scene for a minute.
They still ya whole sound that's a
Double header tomorrow.
yeah, it's a video game type of day
"Do it or stop talking about it! —Delano Johnson
haha this happens all the time with me! :p
Yeah, that's what I was referring to. I think it's my favorite of their albums, honestly.
If we are who we are,who the hell are you?Cause that's not the "you" that you used to be!
Get your Thursday night thrills at the Underground Wonder Bar tonight! 8pm-10:15. www.undergroundwonderbar.com
Definitely. ": Huge deal for Cain today-Giants lock up a talented young pitcher, but is he worth the $$$? #SFGiants”
Things that suggest you've given up: sweatpants, word clouds.
Headed to Atlanta, then to the 'ship bitches!
Just signed a contract for Book #4! Due one month after Book #3. Prayers welcome. : )
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's 66 most inoovative events pros!
love the title "Hummingbird at my window" for your next song!
That's an entirely different discussion: patient hand offs.
It's great to meet a fellow health/medical writer.
now following ...very interesting tweets!
If diamonds are a girl's best friend and a dog is man's best friend, who really is the dumber sex?
640K ought to be enough for anybody. Bill Gates, 1981
#beer lovers in #Seattle! Head to Georgetown Brewery for $6 #growlers! So #cheap & #delicious. quite the #deal !
I'm looking for a studio apartment or 1 bdr apartment somewhere around the northern 610 area (Heights, etc)
Looking forward to some playoff hockey tonight -- it's not the Frozen Four, but it'll do
i totally just blew on my bite of ice cream to...warm it up? not really sure...
Kit Hinrichs, will you hire me! It seems like you are one of only a few designers out there that focus on what is really important in design
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
#LessAmbitiousNovels Fear and Loathing in Peoria.
Looking forward to seeing speak today!
sweet! I will totally try !
School was ok
nope, it's not unbelievable to think that!
that's probably their goal, I'll remember the name, very effective add I thought
Another big shoutout to ! Thanks for bing my 999th follower! SUch a big number @ lol! Thanks! :D
Whew, you were about to lose all ur street cred in #makingitrain!!!
Anyone that has knows an expert on the War of 1812, give me a shout and let me know. Starting a children's nonfiction book on that topic.
thanks guys!!
im past my following limit
Unplugged seems to be a real crowd pleaser. Thanks to everyone who came out to see us last night at FM!
are you playing this weekend? I thought you were, but now don't remember where.
We're looking for a social media manager/intern. No pay, but we'll try to comp you in other ways. Email us:
Some customers really are the nicest people. Work is going great today.
IMO Oracle's new Weblogic 12c lacks vendor neutral #cloudcomputing deployment features.
the NYPD "spying" on Muslims.
No one can flip flop that big. Can they?!
Don’t miss out on great live music for free today at the Adams Avenue Street Fair & Keep warm with Coffee from Lestat’s @ 3343 Adams Avenue
If you own more than one bass flats should be on one of them.D,Addario "Chromes" are a good choice.lower tension,great (classic) sound.
how have I not? I made u agree that anything on the TL is fair game nd DMs should be saved for personal things
Cleanse w/ caution! RT What a fruit juice cleanse does to your body. It involves shrinking muscles and diarrhea:...
The theme for tonight is don't let anybody trick you. There's a lot of that going on everywhere you go.
you lucky ducky!
Count is on till im in miami for another weekend c ya all 2morow at the Louis
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
I have an exam tommorow, can you please wish me good luck?:)<3
But not for signings, I just wanna see them again before the show :)
let's text, DM this dude your math. \m/
": Why don't we just dance?" LOVE THAT SONG
im dne talken to my so called friend dats why im beaten her ass tommorow
Big thanks to Eamon for making T-shirt Revival a big hit! Your designs are amazing! Wow! Gracias!
Finally! Olive Garden!
Beautiful! Thanks for that!
MT Hey Baltimore! We're playing Otto Bar tonight w Flock of Dimes, aka Jenn "bomb ass" Wasner. So excited.
you rip me off ur love was cheap....<3
All my studio time just stopped just now when Pretty Ricky's spoke
There used to be so much than u left I cryed, my heart died, I was left alone depressed,u didn't care, so thank u for making me stronger
There is nothing stopping them from killing Herschel and taking over that farm
happy of happiest hour now till 9pm. $2 Miller bottles and $3 Rails. Late night happy hour 9pm to close. Patio open get that vitamin D!
Very European looking road their at
Likewise! I wish I had more time...
#Brewers win! And Bob Uecker sounds like he doesn't care...No emotion and he didn't even say Brewers win..weird.
I'm STRONG enough to be independent, FREAKY enough to keep my man sexual satisfied & SMART enough to make my own money!
Today is the 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment giving women the right to vote
Safe to say I will have on my tv all day at work until we get to the bottom of this #Tebow #jets drama
Super excited providing cupcakes for exclusive media reception! #BabyBashBling can't wait!
I just seen in person, that Azz so nice I seen 3-4 niccas standing outside they door watching her walk by, speechless lmao
I Did My Nails Cute:)
The challenge is: How do you mobilize people for an eventual election, and all the meetings leading up to it?
I'm thinkin and both bout to make history and avg #tripledoubles as we #marchthruMarch on our way to
I always leave the eye doctor's office feeling like an incompetent mole. One and Two, and Three and Four are all ALIKE.
RT : Tip of the day: New to AZ? We have rocks. Check coverage. ~And dust storms! Grew up in AZ. Not #windshield friendly!
My pleasure!
should look at his metions (;
Wow rain rain rain in late Dec in Atlanta, that is unusually. But lets be grateful bcause I recall not 2 long ago we had a serious drought.
Errbody fake so I got real 4 sale
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Mother's Day sweets!
Coffee gets addicting, and you never notice until that one morning when you don't have any :)
Somewhere, someone, is asking themselves "how can we blame this on Obama"
why am i still awake ugh.
Watching my favorite boys do work! Go Green:)
I got all sorts of dreams and fantasies going on...I make them come true though through hard work and determination.
I am but a poor and lowly adjunct, but life is too short to sleep on sheets with a low thread count.
Ouch => RT : Pawngo dropped off 900 pounds of Butterfingers today in Copley Square in Boston with a sign that said "Thank...
Will definitely have to check you out! I have always explored downtown, might as well get adventurous and head NW! lol. ;)
Love to connect for coffee sometime. A lot going on and some opportunities to discuss.
I'm sharpening my ninja blades now.
White trash themed gay bingo timmmmeeeee. I'm sporting a black bra w/a wife beater. Best I could do lol
Bruegger's Baked Fresh has free wifi for iPad. Coffee and bagels too...yum! Loved being a ipad teacher today.
you keep complaining about the simplest things that everybody goes through. it's not the end of the world for you dear. shut the hell up pls
I am always sad to say goodbye to my classes. Thanks for a great semester!
for the record, doubt there is a maple syrup out there that's 'not to love.' Good to know it's vegan.
“No great mind has ever existed without a touch of March Madness.” <U+2015> NCAAristotle
If I Die Tomorrow it would be in New York City #NYC YES
Finished my last full day of Junior year. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> thank god
It sux that that I fall asleep early, wake up 9 hours later n still tired as f**k...wats up wit that?
Now getting ready to make beats and record some music. Shunt'e is getting ready!!
Not in that kind of mood today.
great win last night #HIFI!!!!!
Deep inside the memory banks, right next to the dead brian cells, were all my misery & pain dwell, just thinking reminds me of that hell....
MT : Thanks to all the speakers & those who participated today. It was whole lot of info & great discussions.
Jazz is...community / unity / inclusiveness.
the same people you see coming up is the same you will see if you fall down! But it won't be all good then!
Thanks Diana. i appreciate that.
Long day. Wonderful stuff. Now, I'm will enjoy some powdered donuts with tea & Netflix. :*
Just recorded a story about my first encounters with recording and fair use for (It's an #ipstory! And we want yours, #4c12!)
I hate my wednesdays.
Having a beer after a long day at work. The jukebox is reminding me of the greatness on Pearl Jam's "Ten" album.
Wow McD and UMD grad Heward-Bey goes in round one. What a nice surprise for him!
Saw today (: pretty cool! Miss you girll!
No matter what, last night was still the best night of my life.
Well sorry to say you were right about the Bears today and yes the o-line was terrible. I thought ALL scoring plays reviewed!
is he still cool with me moving in?
Lol! Thank you :) RT Good luck to my pal He finally found Nemo, so tonight, I hope he finds a KO too :)
In class.... these kids are nuts!!!!
This week is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month on steroids. There are more commemorative events than it is humanly possible to attend.
Happy Earth Day San Diego! Why not carpool to tonight's game? Be a little green and save some green on parking!
UGH even tho i lost too much weight already , i guess off to the gym with the amigos to stay in shape yeaa boii
Looking forward to meet and food politics
Thx -- I knew you'd have my back on this!
Me and Arturo just got conned out of $30 in one game at a carnival. I just wanted a fucking giant tiger man.
Might have. I was watching Pushing Daisies and then it disappeared. :( Ah well. No time to watch TV right now anyway. ;)
Now a proud member of SAG!
your twitter acct is compromised and sending out phishing DMs. Time to change passwords!
LOL would be proud.. Except if you're gonna name drop might as well use famous people, not washed up braves ;)
is gay!!! Haha my day has been made.
you're "not shocked, just disappointed", right?
I believe if someone steals your identity they should be in danger of acquiring some of your debt, as well as your assets.
#FF Because this lesbo 1. Is from South Carolina. And, 2. She has nice teeth, and all of them. :-)
Applying for student teaching.. too bad it's a year later than I'd hoped. Oh well
Wow. #Vancouver scores the only goal with just over 18 seconds left. Lead #Boston 1-0 in
Watching acdc live going to a railroad day parade im in it with chicagos mayer omg
LOL at the fact that my first day of training (for a hostess position) turned into me being an expo for five and a half hours.
i dont know! we have too many inside jokes!!! :)
It's cool that i'm studying issues at school that are relevant to the countries crisis.
is on the train about to leave Chicago for Milwaukee. Really enjoyed #MWRC12 - great conference!
testing integration with a cool new blogging platform.
REALLY?!!! Keeping AJ AND Norv?!!! Please tell me that's a joke.
lol I hear ya! I need one of those nifty bathroom re-dos
Think you can't afford to workout regularly? Think about all the potential medical bills in the future if you don't!
These #AlumniConvos make me proud to be a Duck. #ilovemyducks RT : great career conversations with Portland Ducks.
Thanks for all the retweets :)
Waiter: "would you like a beverage? We have great milkshakes." "MILKSHAKES? ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?" the life of a lactose intolerant.
Arsenal fell just a bit short, but valiant effort, and glad to see Wenger blaming it on the ref as usual.
Annoying boys -.-
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important. —Dr. Martin Luther King
Played a $665 (540+100+25) single table tournament. Chopped it heads up - my share $3000 - profit of $2335. Did I mention I love Borgota?!?!
Today was a great day
I wish more real estate executives were as candid about the market as , great info for a young broker.
Why are Sweden's the best at everything?
waking up next to you?
Pike Place, Umi sushi, grab a burger at Dicks, ride the Duck, Ivars on the waterfront, catch a show at The Paramount,
I just love when a plans comes together! ....or at least it appears to be at the moment!
Good night:o
Still musing an article about teen fashion blogger with 400,000 hits a month. Maybe we librarians who blog need sexier shoes.
Maybe it's the effect of gorgeous weather, but today I removed all the complain-y people from my Facebook news feed.
Bye-bye kidney stone. Hello commitment to drinking plenty of water daily.
I don't get an invite to eat fried chicken?
this dude Dwayne is gettin off right now. damn.
Hanging at The Marvel Bar with and Brilliant cocktails found.
been trying to figure out how to get paid to be a jackass. your proposal is a good start.
I hope he doesn't pee in the water.. oh oh
hahaha not gonna spoil it but she's like a major SLORE #EHHHH!
man I need some
Don't forget that Jeff Campbell and Keith Moody will be in the house tonight! 8:30 doors, $5. I am saving a seat for you!
It is the nature of desire not to be satisfied, and most men live only for the gratification of it. - Aristotle
A well timed "Have a good day!" can be a great substitute for "Fuck you!" in almost every situation
true but some use it a precursor to be rude or mean. Smh
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy your week!
We just can't stand prosperity.
Good to see Amber Rose And Wiz Showing Much Love
it's lovely outside... looking forward to a nice lunchtime walk
No, I don't lol. I'd rather read about the zombies!
Damn. Well, nice knowin ya, Liz... :)
In Macon to see mg dad after he has had a stroke but he's going much better now.
hahahahaha. If it were your property, perhaps? I'd be inclined to do so. Maybe not the fire part, though.
Mite need 2 do that beyounce workout,lol so I can lose some weight
I have chosen the death room so I can keep up with my discussions with
yes, I love that site.
I warned you about him. How he'd treat you worse than I did.You refused to believe me. Have fun.
Goodbye Wisteria Lane! Proud to have been a cast member and a fan.
small business loan
see you at the station tonight at 10 pm.
The avatar pic might be a low res image. 300 dpi is ideal for image quality. I know this because it's part of my profession.
online test done, not too difficult
Announcers on MNF did not approve of first punt tonight.
MT : got a great piece of news today re: SoMe/blogging, can be considered for promotion decision now!
I got 600 some tweets . 400 of them are random taps. I'm a man. If anything was takin personal. That's on to naked shemi.
any time!
Today= making record with the amazing Joe Morris & Mike Pride. Tomorrow= more 1666CALLSAAD. Sunday=Ronnybrook Farms with Butch & Co. Shweet!
Rihanna debuts sexy new music video (with video) - Vancouver Sun
haha right on. I'll have to check it out soon!
well I love the service for the most part and sell a lot and buy once in awhile.
Where can I buy a team teddy shirt?!
oh im not (: its just the fact that you were doing that to get me mad was irritating me .
Its funny, not once as a kid did I watch The Muppets and noticed the strings.
For some reason I woke up excited and expecting great things out of this week...I challenge you to raise your level of expectation today!
This draft may be where the #Patriots defense returns to form!
Thoughts on auto-DMs? We loathe them.
FL produced a report saying we should ban #plastic bags then buried report due to pressure from retail industry
looking forward to tomorrow nights concert in Chicago. You guys are awesome !!!
Jury duty in the am. I'm hoping not to get chosen because there's too much work at Grub Street. Perhaps the universe has other plans tho?
Um, I'm Good.
Dawn Richard is fake! she JUST did an interview saying would never go back to DK now shes saying she would love to and shit
Senate votes this week on plan to end #Medicare!
May the 4orce be ever in your fa...... I mean....be with you. Shoot, im getting my movie quotes all mixed up
well I don't appreciate it when I'm trying to watch a movie & trying to get some good air with the window open!
Although I find her to be borderline retarded, I'd definitely still bang the hell out of Sarah Palin. In fact, that might make her hotter.
There are like 5 Thai restaurants within a block of my hotel. New Haven, you're aaaaaaallright.
I'm the only one awake I swear
you ate a whole wheel of cheese? and you.. pooped in the fridge? wow. I'm not even mad. I'm impressed. (:
oh that word was for me too!
Drivers Ed homework.like I don't have enough school homework already.
yes, I wore my puffy shirt today. By the way, did you watch Golf Channel as sleep aid?
RT Thx!->RT @ joshschoenly Just finished "The Compound Effect", u should go get it & read it right NOW, it's that good! http://
book 2 is coming soon the title of that one is Fire and Ice not out yet coming soon
I can't wait to start advertising for my uncle c:
smoke too much today but that never stop the team
thinks TDF stands for target date funds, when everyone knows it stands for Tour De France. How silly is she?
Thanks for the RT, Leann. My son would like to further his passion for this thing called IT :-)
Anyone else feel like the D1 tourney is incomplete this year because Stew Morrill & Utah State aren't in it?
and more to simota but I more to kevin he's more my friend the other guy qe
HOPE YOU GUYS GET ON ABDC 7 I HEAR YOUR CHOREO IS CLEAN N 7MEMS NOW FOR SURE YOU WIN NOW GET ASIAN N THE CREW
We are truly honored with the turnout we had for A Silver, Gold, & Platinum Holiday! Thank you all for making it such a success!
I missed that last radio show,but congrats on a good run.
god, maybe i'm a fool for just trusting to shit to, you know, WORK!
if you're jaded at 20 years old and mad at the world and you live to be 100 with the same mentality who really loses?
~+|_+_ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I'm honestly just composing this tweet to check the length of tweets (spaces count) for a fake tweet for a project.
go work somewhere else if you don't like working there
CLT Business owners: Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 #Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte. Call 800.264.2367
Okay boy rushers are invisible, because Rushers in general are invisible. They're so irrelevant.
RT : Ready 2be part of the "Forces of Change"? join June 7!
Mourning loss of Junior Seau. Prayers to his children and family.
I'll be sure to ask
y r u mean to me?
Goodnight twitter!! :)
hahahahaha i miss you guys. PS i don't have rehearsal tomorrow! but i have homework i ACTUALLY need to do.
Stop talkin bout my hands, ! I got bear hands, you got wolf hands.
NUKETOWN BLACK OPS!
tan lace!
Best new restaurant in NYC? Best old restaurant in NYC? (Besides yours)
I have a show ready to go but the youngest has been ill with the wife out of town. Sunday for sure.
"All men are created equal" you know what we mean <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Is teaching you all right now. How love for God flows over into your love for a person...INTIMATELY! Learn it!
Had a great cruise last week to Key West and Cozumel! Back to work:(
this kid is like dropdead gorgeous but he's like creepy
"Do NOT give anyone, for a wedding or baby present, Lois Mai Chan's Cataloging & Classification." Oh too funny. True LOL.
Not yet but, we are working on it.
Shot another car commercial yesterday...bought a Benz this time!
we're deleting this account tomorrow! stay in touch, follow
#DailyRebellion: It's OK to look.
Inspiration is everywhere. You just have to be open to it.
ive never been either big kess just called me and said he was goin' so i might stop out there
Edith Lederer from AP asks if Milosevic would've agreed to anything else at Dayton?
Thanks! Inspiring space, enthusiastic audience, and a great group of players right now (though we still miss our alums...).
If you've received a DM from me about weight loss or "terrible things" peeps are saying about you...DON'T click the link
I love getting tweets like this :)
Daughter's gym teacher called, tweaking b/c she is coming to class "unprepared." Says, "she will fail." Why? She wears the wrong shorts.
Willie Peralta would be the likely starter tomorrow night for the #Brewers to take the spot of LHP Narveson (Rotator Cuff)
#Verizon #ATT #Sprint Bring us your #edtech data plans. Give our students access to the world.
Like your reports. Thanks for the update.
REAL= Remember Everybody Ain't Loyal ! <3
at least you'll have a phone butler! If only Siri could make a proper flat white :-\
Chuck is at least entertaining, Seth is just a moron. There's always hope that CBS notices that and shitcans him
Got the keys to my new place! Yay!
Nice work!
don't you mean your screeching ???(:
If you want something that is hard to find and as little as $5 to $10 be sure to come by Fifth Street Market in Eugene Oregon!
We want Sanchez!!
not sure, but if you enable the experimental swipe feature, you can three finger swipe to see an expose-like overview of all tabs...
Alec James of Brookfield (Wis.) Central lands offers from Notre Dane and Illinois.
Welcome to the Church of Cabbage, Lettuce Pray <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Chi ?“: #IfYouKnowMeWell u know that i'm coming! #Arizona #SouthCarolina #Ohio #NewYork <<<this month... LaughWit'chaLater..”
i really think you'd look adorable with liam!
The Pauly D show
it's not even fashion anymore is HYPE!!
Niggas hate pussy hair cuz it gives us rug burn so...SHAVE YO SHIT!!!!
We have that, and more! use the /planner/ function.
A5: what i love about online is that it allows more longform content. stats show more ppl read longform bc of twitter
Maybe he shops there all the time on other days? Maybe??
Not even gonna lie , I'm fun as hell to chill with . Lol
Your tongue is like an accusatory giblet
Positive by day negative by night , fooling people with a smile ready to frown
BINGO! RT : You know why the Nike Tiger Woods commercial is completely awesome? Because you can't stop talking about it.
#Respect is everything.
Gotta throw up a couple threes to free up the interior for Davis
#baezasongoftheday Far From Ready . <U+2764> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Thanks to my beagle, I'm up early again. :)
Hi Ruth!! Happy Wednesday.
Is any good at golf??
Rough Roostars starts recording the follow up to last years "Don't Eat Yellow Snow" Mon the 16th of January.. we will be posting video blogs
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Twice a year wellness exams makes sense for your pet-On average-Pets age 7 times faster than people do.
Hey! :) Glad to see you here on Twitter!
Prepping for podcast at 7:30pm. Talking about Emerging Tech in Special Collections Outreach.
hey my medical care was denied today. can you meet next week to fix that? (i'd email you but you didn't put it in the email)
And thanks for thinking of us!
you dont really want the freaks to come out at night...lol
thxs 4 following.hope your day is going well.have a good one and take care.
happy birthday old man.
nope I unlocked my car tho but it may lock bk plus Kay just had a shit party in his pamper
Xmas humor: I think we all know why VIXEN is the most popular reindeer!
Precisely the argument that I need to defend!
My parents are pissing me off.
#Stranger!!! I need ya # again
PLease follow me(: 5
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out.
Time to move my ass lol
Posted chapter 1 but writing chapter 2 and its almost done, adding the rest of the characters in the 2nd(:
Sorry yall, just had a breakdown.
Just tapped, Single Wide IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
Imagine having to sit down for an hour and a half for one form kmt
shut up Jeff! LoL. Its ok though, they can have that one. LoL.
Mickey Mouse ears during #grammys2012 makes #JerseyShore cast seem classy
Happy birthday to the amazing guy in the whole wide world. . Love you.!!!
Yeah Giants...kicking some Patriot & Brady arse!! :)
He is 5, and just going through some separation anxiety too. Nightmares started again, all tired too.
if you want someone to make you smile throughout the day follow
Females might be older then me, but they still not ahead of me!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+270C>
Falling asleep to the rain before Adele sets fire to it.
Just DM you...just give me a call
RT : jack's skunk hair with glasses omfg perfection asdasdf
thanks to all our amazing followers!
that doesn't even sound good
#TheWorstFeeling is def getting blasted in the nuts with a pogo stick
If I have to chisel the statue with a toothpick the smith statue will be ready
Ifunny makes me lazy
Nope!:( he had practice for his show in philly.
that was the business model for secondlife . Being able to load a previous save to replay a scene would be a + though.
I don't find myself not showing it.I find myself not getting the love I give. I guess when u love hard u have to still walk softly
Seven months till my big day...
TAKE IT ALL OFF AARON.
Starting the countdown!
That vid is funny. Now I got to read the article. Thanx
nutty with the
“Remember, If, It’s Not About Love, It About Nothing” Dewarren Moses “ROMANCE” on iTunes.com
it's your wedding day! You are going to be the most beautiful bride.
Welcome to Indy! You should come to Common Ground Christian Church on Sunday at 11am before the Super Bowl!! 46th and Illinois!
Im from Cleveland Too follow back
if i hear one more hunger games "odds ever be in your favor" mixed with a lottery reference again, i may shoot someone.
i could only stay awake 4 so long on a work night -__- lol so off to bed i go.. i waited! thas all that mattered lol. gnight! BBM/text it!
it's all good and u how r things
Thanks for the follow =) Hope your weekend goes well!
"To argue that human rights abuses occurring in Haiti, Guatemala, or Rwanda are unrelated to our surfeit in the rich world requires that
I somehow managed to make my nape piercing bleed :/ all I want to do is sleep and shit keeps preventing me from doing so ! Goodnight all! :)
I want to steal your panties. And then carve you up in my basement.
Q: Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? A: He doesn't know he's black.
EXCEPT FOR ELIJAH! What a masterpiece!!!!!!!!
I've been good. Focused on M13. How bout you?
to bad.....I've never used cherry Chapstick in my life.
I'm not saying you personally I'm saying that woman are just as bad as men when it comes to tube etiquette.
in the last 6 years: SMiLE, That Lucky Old Sun, Gershwin. Strong, lovely, amazing stuff. The rest is forgiven.
how have you been :))
no heather... U r always good to me. U know this :) call/text me. Lol
Add me on facebook. I put note on my face book wall with ordering details!!
RT Thanks for the retweet! Hope you had a great weekend:-) // i did thank you!
is there a website out there that hold sports analyst accountable on their opinions on draft day?
Huge spike in MP3 downloads Friday. Not sure what happened, but thank you iphone listeners(?). You just made my youtube views look stupid.
RT : I swear parents get mad over the most irrelevant shit ever
My bracket looks ugly. But my final four is still intact.
Proudly wearing SKC on the way home from Portland.
Feeling inspired after seeing Terrence Brewer and Whitney James perform today!
thinks he may be the only person not watching the Oscars. Oh well.
My point exactly you picked ryte
#whyamibored needa get outta the house...
last we talked you were about to move in. Glad you like it.
How are men and parking spots alike? The good ones are always taken and the ones left are handicapped.
i was driving by ... *sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Still annoyed about everything
When its JB's bday, its gonna be CRAZY. Its probably gonna trend for like all week lol
... AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !! Come check it out!
congrats on ur success! Seen you around the city, glad to see someone with humilty! You ever need a instro, hit me or
“ BGC tonight!! (:”cant wait
Teddy Roosevelt, JFK, Obama, Clinton, and some white guy.
I give up.
Thanks for stopping by!
#GrandpaFred Well you'll get to hear from them. So go. It'll take an hour & five..what's he doing someone else now? Where'd THAT sucker go?
Great a new career : )
im going to go listen to janelle money "cold war" and meditate
Who ever said that you had to be perfect to love yourself?
I'm dead tired but why won't my eyes close
FRI Dinner Salad Special: Baby Mixed Greens with Diced Avocado, Coriander Seared Shrimp, Citrus Supremes, Riesling Gastrique
is playing in Happyland Downtown today for #HappysRunningClub come visit!! :)
My near future will consist of: More money, travel, and love. On top of that I love my family, friends, cats, and myself!
RT : i'm about to outsource dick and ass. niggas in Louisiana are total disappointments. >> it's too early for this fuckery! Lol
this lil cutie in my store tho >>
Just did probably the dumbest thing I could ever do
Decided its easier to direct clients to a Twitter account dedicated to my photo business rather than my personal account, so this is it!
Cheesecake is so good. Note it in your skin
um, golly... I usually note such things but did not today. My friend in the black sandals got the deep green, I the bronze
A woman must learn to be committed to her needs—no exceptions.
Any suggestions for a new laptop? DON'T SAY AN APPLE PRODUCT.
I'm broken, Do you hear me?
It was dark and now the sun is out in Bay View. Crazy weather day!
Over it
Wait, is all day too much?
I like to cook, my best dish is cereal ask any bowl or jug of milk in my house, they will agree.
"Instructions are for the clueless. so yes, I do need instuctions" favorite quote I from today
Those last two RTs are a matched set.
Check out on She just dropped a killer segue - "We Live in Brooklyn Baby" into "A Love Supreme" !
Tell me some dope shit, somebody
CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND.
played temple run for what I though was 10 mins... Turned out being 2 hrs!!! Got the high score and new follow from !
EVERYONE GO watch and subscribe to free2go44!!!!!!
oh ok
I'm gonna laugh when your knee swells up
One thing I've missed about Dallas is Whataburger
Good luck today Coach!!
My grandma just said that cake is her favorite song, so I go and tell her you know that's about sex and she looked at me like this O_O lmaoo
I'm curious if it has any information on it. It's sort of like getting a top secret mission by accident! Like Chuck.
#libchat Q6 - They go to our selectors who make the call...this stuff usually falls under the selection policies.
unemployment drop clearly due to cutting 3% off taxes of "job creators"....for last 11 years
what style are you looking for?
Apple Writer?
Last night we got the Groupon factor. What a night we had! We're glad you came :)
Like wise! RT : Congrats to #rb3style winners It was an honor to meet you!
The weekend after? Jen in from San Diego, Food and Froth at MPM, at Turner, After Dark, and the Midwinter BrewFest
However, not a bad game played by the bruins in anymeans.. Allowed 2 5 on 3 goals and had lucid ejected. Bruins win game 7 4-1
Thirsty today! #paleodiet is making me thirsty!!! Too much salt maybe. Oh H20 is my fav #paleo drink!!
this might end our friendship. You are so so so wrong. Crunchy Cheetos are the absolute best thing. EVER
Manga Wednesday tomorrow. Oh yeah!!!
try both of them :)
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail... It's got nothin new to say.
how in the world do you have so many followers? :o
Skipped school today yet I'm awake. Thanks mom for always forgetting when I'm NOT going to school!
My presenter for the second break out session referenced [title of show] and talked about vamping. Awesome.
if anything, you fault the chef for a boring interpretation of "american food". should have asked collichio to pinch hit.
Look for us tomorrow in #Pewaukee and #Watertown - we'll be there #paving a parking lot, doing some fine grading, etc.
#animal <U+2606> Animal i have become <U+2605>beta battel <U+2605>(only sap members)<U+2606> me vs StellaGeilOne
Relax people. It's the 1st week. Jeez.
So saddened by the death of one of my favorite musicians, MCA. The Beasties have been a favorite since the beginning.
I want this thing we have to last so imma take everything slow. The sooner things happen between us, the sooner they fade. - aubreylynn
I need to sit on the other side of the stadium tomorrow otherwise I'm going to look (more) ridiculous.
Twilight the movie is demonic somebody tell my daughter lol...
This house is not a home.
#FaceTime is so fun!
If you live in NYC and haven't seen yet- see it ASAP please! Set to close May 20.
this wine you left behind is good. Even if it is one glass :)
Temples aren't just for asains, but it would be fun to me one minus the chinky eyes (: no racial
I will try my best!
Man today was really an early start.. i should get use to this! -_- sike.. lol no fareal i should!
We went home , and how am I pimp ? We needa hang sometime for real ! Lol
you are awesome thanks 4 the heads up! Took them down till I could fix them!! You rule!
Man plz get well soon
& Cheryl has a mouth full of gold fronts?
blogging it ASAP
u send me ne thing yet fam?
“The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender.” - William Booth, founder of The Salvation Army
#rolemodelshit ": Im the type of dude that loves my girl behind closed doors, and in public. i dnt hide shit"
It was a good speech, not a great speech. Any speech that needs to quote predecessors to get applause, needs to be rethought.
RT : #DidYouKnow – Coleman Skeeter ‘12 is launching , bringing #greenhouse #farms to #urban areas like
Body is stacked just like some legos
You killed my racoon
I saw Stevie Ray 3 times before he died. One of the greatest guitarist that ever lived.
What a beautiful evening here in LA, nice and breezy.
+1 MT : Just watched interview and play by play of mission to get Bin Laden on Great President!
WOOOHOOOO! (: So proud of you guys!
yes. Only problem was that the glass(es) of delicious tripel inspired me to eat too much cheese.
if it's about Lemons, tell him I said to stop whining.
Waiting for wireless connection
Looks like a goner!!! Lmao
I guess I could bail you out if you do.
Out in Hamptons at clients home 4 furniture installation. Cable guy here, wanted to know no TV's 13 inside, 2 outside.
Lucky for me another plane is subject to his...umm...girth. Is that even safe???
"He that takes medicine and ignores diet wastes the time of his doctor"
we know about hill.... Banes back?!?!?
Good night I heart you! 'till we meet again...
True. They snuck in a few naughty words there...
i hear ya. I had a friend back out the day before to do homework.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! O.O
Trying to procrastinate this hw right now....
yea! let's totally do a hackfest. is interested too. I think Santa's bringing me a lilypad beginners kit for xmas.
beyond ready to see you on Friday. :)
Augusta & Staunton Dems hosting luncheon at Mill St Grill w/ & to give update on 2012 GA
Ald Bohl just unintentionally made a funny. Introducing his guests, he said 'to my far right is newly elected county supe Deanna Alexander.'
If u use incense,do I have a deal 4 u!Get 50 paks of incense for $25.Each pak has three 19" stix. So you get 150 stix for $25.($5 shipping)
Here's the second mvmt that I mentioned
Trying to decide if I want to go to the SMPS Holiday Party next week... are you going?
the meeting about camp was EPIC. I can't wait!!! Who do you know that's coming!?
Been a busy night. 1st Ervin pitched a gem. Young Mike is playing beyond his years in the lead off spot. Oh & Hatchet got fired
let me check....
It's fuh-reezing out! Finally done with work, time to get cozy on the couch with snacks and "Something Borrowed"
at least 8. Keep it up you can do it
I look like my mom<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
the first cut is the deepest.
good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Yess! Thats what i keep saying to myself (:
NO!ITS TIME FOR ME TO DO SOME SLAPPING! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
yes I did. And knocked out again after lol
Thanks for posting!
can you direct-message your email address to us regarding the coupon email? Thanks, Eleanor!!
i want a bieber fever account so badly. ugh.
They're pretty crazy!
#CrossFit workout was Cindy tonight. I left a lot of room for improvement. Any suggestions for good post-workout #paleo ideas?
the doors of progress seem to open much wider when your not trying to break them down. #in #truth comes
Hate on me.. (Raise my hand ) i volunteer !!
hey.. for al tea lover.. show our twitter page and send us new friends.. we love you
I started already I got a lil green & blue lol
Also, just discovered the majority of my shingles are missing from my roof! Woot! Thanks tornado alley!
RT #Aquarius Secret Desire: To Be Unique
i wish i were going to cali. i want warm weather!!!
All those Asian affairs/China Policy think-tanks stopped following me on twitter... maybe its because I tweet about #poop too much... :-(
In another study, people who ate pistachios for 3 months lost 10 to 12 pounds on average.
What should I watch on netflix
Montaign is currently on the client side serving the role as Advertising Manager with Freddie Mac
I'm following! :D
Thank you for sharing great info on #hiring and #HR. Love what you do!
Is it a punishment if ur parents let you pick it? #soconfused why is my parents letting me pick my punishment?
U see things in war and times of crisis , but I think that is probably one of the bravest things I'll see a President do in my lifetime
LOL brb dying. friend's brother's new profile picture… dear lord. sohott. asjdfkl.
YessssssRT : Good Sex will put you in a great mood
We love mom-invented products. Who better to know how to solve mom problems? Check out for a great selection.
"I once thought insects would inherit the Earth, now I think metadata will inherit the Earth." - Dr. Dow
Great start Rox,
Statistics say that 1 in 4 people are insane, so take a look at your 3 best friends and if they are all OK, its you!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Make a reservation to get the best seating in our house! 585-267-7500
We forgot to teach parental lessons of "not pulling the trigger". /s/ Jose & Kitty
Cant wait to watch star wars in 3D *.*
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
We'll just see who ends up with more GREEN at the end of this.
Thank you! RT : Love
Headline: Obama Dangles Lubed Carrot to Lead Single Issue Voters to the Polls.
FIU mens hoops is getting ready to kick off. Look out Florida Memorial.
good. i promise too.
you are probably right. But is like sea....I mean um....oKC to win it all!!!!
no way!! You're actually planning to visit this town?! Haha!!
traffic...news & now entertainment!
Gov. Brewer canget her point across in a civil manner without posturing & putting the Pres. on the spot! Who the hell does she think she is?
I'm going to sandvolleyball, then 701 in Covington KY for Autism Bake Sale, then Lunar
Thanks for the follow brotha!!
Tvhead Clothing Company where the creative juices flow....... wait why are the juices on the roof?
what, if anything, is supporting that thing? Terrifying!
That's a terrible idea. Play Sting.
did I see you at kohls this weekend? Swore I saw you while I was shopping!
praying for #Chen and grateful for #SecClinton commitment to peace, justice, tolerance & equality
haha I know :(
Congratulations on heading to Paris, Nori! When are you going?
: have you met yet? You both need to talk! Shared via TweetCaster
Headin to Ruby Tuesdays...
It's an after effects kind of Sunday working on work work. Boo.
Daria. That is all.
Bitte, bitte. Kein Problem. It was the librarian in me. ;)
I think I just saw the economy drop past my window...
thanks for the effort...somewhere inbetween those 2
need you to call me
thanks for your comments on that Jane piece...great.
Do you have a dog?
#Southern #GOP voters r #biggovernment #republicans. #Santorum rivals the #progressives on the left w/ #government expansion. Vote
Join our email list! Tweet back if interested in fun tidbits from yours truly.
Gloomy Monday, made slightly better by catching up on Star Talk, now with 100% more
is working.
I think we gonna drop some new tracks today. on some other shit...
Its either hot as bballlls in this school or an ice cube.. for god sakes, can we have a perfect temperature ever in this building?
No one dies a virgin, life screws them all.
": “: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of tp every year.” 1/3 of that is from the family of "
Hey , here's my number, so call me maybe.(: <U+2665>
ohkay.. Thanks. I'm trying to get True Belieber to sign it :/
and I wear my babies all the time, just my take on it, love your posts BTW
Why do people think that just because I love horror movies and death metal music that I can't stand for Jesus Christ?! You're so mistaken.
I'm very excited to get a tour of my dream marketing agency tomorrow!!
RT : We're the scholars, they're the : "Microryza has the possibility of revolutionizing science." Thanks gentlemen!
that's a nice smile that Knutson has, no?
I loved that!
#ifiwonthelotterytonight I would probably only tell one person
lol in bed horny
Just heard that proposed to long time girlfriend !! Everyone please congratulate them! It's such exciting news!
feel better babes, although that's what happens when you eat to much! Get well xx
you tryna be funny huh , I don't play with my 20 ! Where's my key at sniff lmfaooo
The word paper comes from the name of the reedy marsh grass, papyrus, which grows abundantly along the Nile River in Egypt
Thanks! 'Tis the season to be green
glad to hear it - now enjoy a good recovery weekend!
Walked out of school.. YOLO!
hello sweet girl next door. How are you?
Seriously, how awesome is Ozzie? RT: I hope that with the players we have, I dont screw it up the way I have in the past.
It makes me happy that the boys are tweeting each other again :D
I got goosebumps.
I just got another error, so it looks like it's more off and on. Happy Tuesday!
Christmas tree island... say what?
We spoke about a program on the phone but I never received your email? ...would like to chat
#raw10The World has changed. They made it seem at 1 time that only Blks used Crack, lost custody of kids, etc but now you have Charlie Sheen
the truth hurts
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
my friend is going to buy coke lmao im srry yes ur cool to tlk to but ur a pussy
Got the logos for the team helmet, they look fucking awesome...
I hate this whole spelling correction shit
Have you heard the news?? has finally joined twitter. Hello from LA Carrie!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 55
Given the number of Xmas Cards I received in the mail this year, it seems way too many people know where I live. Might be time to move again
I've invested in my body for years now.Time to do something with it.
Even though I had a spring break, I still have a case of spring fever. I just want to go outside and play......
Now even Heaven is blue today. You should hear the Chelsea roar. Hear the Chelsea roar!
Credible rumors seem to think we will see iPhone5 on Oct 7th. We'll see.
who is u talkin to
UGH vTiger is garbage! It's a knockoff of Sugar, and Sugar wasn't that great to begin with! Sucks to be YOU!
lol not really, mrs working told it a lot better
tehe, much obliged <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Yes, Jen got the ok to travel from doctor. We will be in Haiti with the mission team in a few hours. Thx!
The cooler, soon-to-be Fall weather says, "oh, it's time for a warm, soothing massage!" It's chilly out there...you like or not?
RT : A Few Simple Home Cleaning Tips: It doesn't take a rocket scientist to keep your place spic and span. If you are......
tell i say happy mothers day! i feel lik she is my 2nd mom evn tho i havent even gotten to meet her. love you!
Didn't Doug Melvin say that the Brewers couldn't afford him even on a one year deal?
Thunderclap woke me up from falling asleep on the couch...this rain is so peaceful, I could listen to it all night.
Nice! Congrats. Would love to start doing long rides into the country again, but still too much snow and ice.
Let's make a bottle cap version :)
yep its been a minute, what's been up?
So, this week blew so I am rewarding myself with a Special Z Dirty Martini! #weekend!
Just got called "big homie" by a real change guy...I think I'll keel it!
sound like somebody ik
Lol Tellit sister RT : P.S. There's nothing wrong with being home on a Saturday night. ;-)
Designs are lookin good..hm impressive.
I hate not having him here.
Singing boyfriend by jb with chris In class(x
My birthday was on tuesday.. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" Please? (:
I hate to see you go but I love to watch ya leave.
you text-ed me fool. And I can't text back because of my nails. don't embarrass me on here please anywhere but here!
100% agree! RT Best way to show kids how to find their passion in life? Let them know you've found yours.
PBJ time? Happy #Friday!
Community Agriculture Alliance: Local food, Deep Roots
So ready for VEGAS!!!
Looking for Super Cute Friends! We L O V E you!
you can sync both but sometimes you may get her apps and vice versa.Dinner would be great, I'll email and we'll figure out a time.
Exhausted doesn't even begin to cut it!
No, I just couldn't control my excitement.
Bought a plane ticket this afternoon, either I need to get a job that pays me real money or I need to stay put.
Who's doing the flipping? Can we get a designated flipper?
Good morning to all my friends both new and old :)
great stuff going to have to hang on to it.
hahahahaha you and me both, COD and NBA
No body is going to love me better , I must stick with you forever .
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
Breaking up is never fun.
WHERE ARE MY MW3 BUDDIES
I gotta Dominican girl.
Nothing better than laying in a pitch black cold room under warm blankets!! Actually going to bed at a decent hour.. I'm shocked!
choosing an appropriate used car is ... causing me headache!
bonjour! Please follow so that I may give you my info.
We need followers we will follow back
RT I hate seeing relatives that I only see on holidays. I don't know why. It pisses me off
Sometimes cell phones get in the way......of what I'm feeling Word to Hey shawty.......
JMay!! :) Great to see you again yesterday.
I hope ive been trying for forever
Subway act stingy as hell with they meat. You pretty much eating all bread
if you were more "peep's champ/captain charisma", you could have ......but the PEEP'S CHAMP must return!
I hear that!
Ooh thanks girl! What did you get? I hope you enjoyed it all! RT : Spent almost 30$ on Subway..
and - that last RT of mine was for you!
We're looking for a new home. Suggestions for radio stations welcome. (No BlogTalk, please)
Rivera has torn ACL. I never thought something like this would happen to him. I thought he was inhuman. Get well.
I NEED MORE CHAOS!
You're welcome!
Are big girl panties the same thing as grandma panties?
Nothing is more frustrating than taking the time to send a proper ARC #book request, only to never hear back. Just say no.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Q
Awww! Thank you!! You're too sweet. Are you going to Warwick this weekend?
#turntable needs some headbanging animation
The staff has recovered from a successful print auction, now back to work!!
3 agencies work on Honda. Who is accountable?
If this was Jeopardy, the question in response to this answer would be "What are things that are awesome?"
Just when work had me wanting to "jump" you saved the day with your beautiful music LOL
Jordan's FB like now; 1.1 million. After GMYH and the new album, 2.0 would be cool!!
Thanks for the follow #voices #voice over
I need a drink. Or nine..
I need more time..
Ditto, classic RT : "I love you and I like you" is my new favorite thing, ever. Thank you #ParksAndRec! ;)
SUCK IT AL-QAIDA! RT : #Preds have won three games in a row seven times this season, most recently in Rd 1 v. Detroit.
im on my naborghs r coming to take a shower ans i love skittels and gooing to a partty may 5 u should goo
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 344
Wallflowers & 3rd Eye Blind head #Nats post game concert series. To keep with the theme, they also announced they will be called the Expos.
THANK YOU FOR THE WISH. SORRY I COULD NOT REPLY SONNER. I HAVE IN TRIALS FOR TWO WEEKS. DANIE
What a perfect time for my computer to crash
...so either your sources have no backbone, you're slanting the question, or you're Glass-ing it.
I love him.
This miami airport just erupted with that barcelona goal...great place to watch futball
Life is too short to drink bad wine." ~ Anonymous
MOBB DEEP is trending on twitter! Shook Ones is being used in an NBA commercial? This..wasn't expected!
Did y'all miss me?
Uh oh
Watching this nigga sing beat it on #WSHH CTFU!!!!!!
Styles How That Work
Hey do you know if they are doing Christmas Lights Up the "Y" in Bellevue this year ?
Suggest to landlord: NO poison. In case one of the little buggers DOES get caught by a mighty hunting cat.
come to the library with and
It's #thirstyThursday...what are you doing to celebrate?
so much shit to do!
bored now...
Partnership models between scholars and libraries: what can each partner provide to help the other?
This lady I dont even know just stopped me &told me my makeup is too grown for my age... O_o
Panic in the DC office: cockroach found in a box of sugar packets. Time to work from home the rest of the day?
"Kind Woman" by Buffalo Springfield is one of my favorite tracks ever.
#TheSwamp awakens from hibernation MT : Have u been paying attention?. Something significant happens in 122 days (what is it?).
We love being included in Acupuncture news, thank you!
Saw a turkey while biking today and concluded that turkeys are dumb. Instead of going into the woods to evade us, it ran in a straight line.
Just watched an excellent production of My Fair Lady in Polish at the Lodz Opera though I can't say I did a very good job of following it...
love you too!!
haha I'm sorry we couldn't make it on sat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
No time to start like the present. RT : It is a great Monday! ... We are just amazed at the amount of ppl taking their fates into ...
Hope is hearing the melody of the future. Faith is to dance to it.
my back hurts wanna go to sleep but since i missed SCARED STRAIGHT today i have to wait till 2am to watch it (Im Tired). -Chelsea
I Found Out that is...
hot in georgia? great that means tyler's having nice weather too. :)
thanks brynn :D
I can't take it!! XL is such a good club!! It just opened today! Love it :)
You. Already know wat time it is
I did! V intense. Nothing will beat the bomb ep ever though
Had a great night last night with the Wright's work today from 8:30 - 2
you win.
my dad took my phone
I 2nd that. Best food ever!
Andrew Borowiec and Chad States have submitted their industry images
lets party
I haven't been here for 2 weeks I think . So busy days! School :'( I miss you all<U+2665> I am so sad right now, please tweet me?:)<U+2665>
I know the feeling - can't wait to hear how it turns out
Stop passing to Joel...Err I mean Haslem
I find it really weird that all this week everytime I lay down for bed I feel sick.
Food, entertainment, games, golf, music, drinks and a hotel room! We have all your weekend preps here
Just finished a great site visit from the United Way Allocations Committee! It's always fun sharing our school with new friends!
I will be back tomorrow ;)
NEED FOLLOWERS
overall down year, but Cali provides much needed prospects this year
I blame Lavy for this series. Why did wellwood play only 6 mins?
I feel so guilty about canceling Josie's super nice doggy nanny who loves her even though I'll be home all of July.
Holding a bag of ice in your hand is really cold, even if it's necessary.
Time for a big a$$ beer with good friends :D
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried TX teens rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10%.
hate that! If desktop, multiple windows helps - tweetchat, hootsuite, twitter.
I make money make money make money
so far so good. I will keep you posted on the progress. Next round is Thursday.
Q: What do you call a drummer with half a brain? A: Gifted
I'm with a Georgetown grad friend in LA who is speaking highly of your book, #BunnyTales! xo AJ
looking at a number around 25 from MKE
i mean play lol
To be honest .. I think George Bush screwed it up for ALL of us! -_-
I could imagine the foolishness u have to deal with from some of these producers smh.
Thanks for the shout out! Love The Empath Daily
Pennsylvania is fucking hot as hell, oh my god.
Happy New Year Jorma and best wishes for 2012!
No prob! Love your work!
I really adore socially awkward people... but this causes me to think that maybe it's because I'm one as well.
Senior fun day!!!
Glad to hear! Enjoy!!
"God has the Power to show you who's God"
Just realized that I don't have to go back to work (at one of my jobs) until tomorrow. I have really lost track of time.
looking for yes!
: okay! Live you too.
Not what I wanted to walk out to, but okay.
Dancing alone in my room blasting the music, forgetting about everything >>>>>>>
Next at #codeforoakland: Oakland Food Finder: to help ppl access fresh local food, esp. in Oakland's food desert. Also help urban farmers.
So y'all at SNL get raptured? All us priestly types seem to still be here. Maybe God just wants folks who make God laugh
I get to see my two favorite bands in the same summer. I am such a happy girl I could squeal!
Time To Mow The Grass
10 days until Christmas! Is your shopping done yet? Do you prefer to shop online or in the stores? I did about 50/50 this year!
The movie "Tap" starring Gregory Hines.
“: We can only hope our future husband decides to marry us while on a date with another girl. #bachelor” @
check this link out my radio interview sept 4
oh so many things to do on a day off so little time to do it all!
New Parody Coming Up in Honor of This Weeks ECA Testing: To the Tune of Katy Perry's "This is the Part of Me." Stay tuned. . .
What an exciting weekend, then offshore job for Exxon Monday.
oh hahaha!! I'll have to let u know when I get em next lol
Oh don't say tht. I'm actually really self conscious like I'm fat an ugly an I'm rly jealous of peppl
Fina Do Some Planning For My #19thBDayParty! ITS GONE BE SOME SERIOUS !
Watching Friday in 4th period and everying saying the movie word for word ugh...
Trying to quit chew is one of the hardest fucking things I've ever done!!! Fuckkkkkk!!!!!!
And the saga goes on. RT Ed Rendell says his group's bid for Philly newspapers is still on, lashes out at critics of the deal.
Bought 4 new books today... I think i have reading A.D.D. Yet I'm content with it, & ready to add to the 15 unfinished others
"If You're Not Pissing Someone Off, You're Probably Not Innovating" Who are have you pissed off recently?
#SometimesIJustWant Lay in bed and eat chocolate and watch movies about chocolate and burp.
David speaking now.
he writes worse than a 6 yr old too
Everyday I Choose - Every day, you and I get to choose our attitude, standards, behaviors and reactions. We get to choose the labels we...
I have over 1,000 pictures on my phone. I should really go delete some..,
I also worry b/c late talking can be one of the earlier signs of #ASD. Delaying vital EI services would be a grave mistake.
Nice Houston AMA #OTC2012 event Thursday night. The Houston AMA is a big group.
Many musical thanks for following to , , , &
And on the 6th day of being back in San Diego, I finally unpacked. And cleaned. This working from home thing is nice.
don't drink the water! I'm sad I didn't get to meet Fox when I was in town.
#3WordsOfAdvice Never get attached.
follow me your so beautiful and talented :)
I don't think these stupid motherfuckers know if it's a one way
Had a great girls night out with and Carol L.
Maybe I missed it, but not seeing much mention of identity in the 'path to the cloud' news from
Just saw 'Extracted' at #sxsw. Exceptional film and not a version of 'Inception'
That building off of Jackson is the Harold Washington branch of the Chicago Public Library. Check it out while you're in town!
So ready for PROM tomorrow:)
Please check out One Vibe's new web site. www.onevibeafrica.org Let us know your thoughts through this page. Peace, One Vibe team
looks like Mr. Potato Head hahahahahah
woohoo(me too) :P~
wrong num meant for me? If so just been too long. Used 2 hang in the old apt. Dated Kim b4 chris. That should ring a bell
Everyone's doing something tonight and I'm here in my room just sleeping for hours and listening to music. Lalala time to sing. :)
As soon as finals are over, I'm catching up on my reviewing! Yay! (Plus I want to read the ABNA excerpts that moved on!)
love the basis of your blog...
i liked alot of them i wanna buy that kris kross one
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
Spinach is good for your hair-apply “internally”, eat it, don’t wear it.
Packer-Viking kickoff now 3:15 on Nov 1. Extra 3 hours + beer + brett = one seriously rowdy lambeau.
#3DaysUntilBoyfriend and #BoyfriendOnMonday is trending<3 So proud of !
Family party's<<<
Nice work! Been swimming 4 months ago as our kids do swim team. Hard to build up "water stamina".
Does it bother anyone else when someone says the same thing, the same way, every day?
I'm a Hobbit fan too. They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
she will be with you forever
In honor of my Birthday, Select items will be 10% off this Thursday!!! MARK YOUR CALENDERS!
Yes! Agreed!
Where Them HEAT FANS??? Yall Mighty Quiet
Cycled in the rain today...ugh
sorry my bad
Can I PLEASE get gospel mix w etc so I can get my praise on while I run?
a tip of my hat to my first follower -thank you kind maiden
Idk what to do
#1DinSweden oh gosh these boys are gonna get into trouble
lol now all we gotta do is find her. you think her rate dropped? lols
You kidding? American politics is my favorite sitcom! I just wish it wasn't being turned into pro wrestling these last few years!
no one likes me ok
C-SPAN's coverage of subcommittee on WaMu's failure. Did they not think higher pay for higher risk loans would be a problem?
Good night, sad man. Give Jan Brewer a big wet one from me :)
"I wonder who invented dancing? You know. Just bounce around. If you didn't know what dancing was she'd look so stupid"
#iwca Littlejohn remarks on double standard: we tell students not to text in class but we oft chk our phones and txt in meetings
So glad you enjoyed yesterday! Thx for coming out. #LALA cc
if rereading and editing my book proposal made me weep does it mean... it's really powerful or I am hormonal??
all 5 of our music vids will be on HDNet's Music Discovery. HDNet is on AT&T U-verse, Dish Network, & DirecTV! Set yr shit 2 record!
Best word used in my house tonight: "stupidpants."
Lunch time in t-10min!!! Where to go, where to go?
Justin Will Make Haters Believe & Kidrauhl Is Our Sexpanther ;D <3
Snow White and the Huntsman Sam Claflin Clip and New Behind-the-Scenes Featurette
#takers is out on DVD now I'll have to make sure not to rent or buy it Paul walker is awful Oh yea and so r all the other actors in it!
RT - I know my Cleveland sports history very well, at least when it comes to the Indians & the Cavs. Lol
The #Indians are #JohnnyDamon's 7th different Club.
have you been called corona yet.?
Hey, I can loan them a flatbed scanner and a knife. <ducks> <hides>
Please don't let the ice-cream truck come just before dinner time. That is all.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Dumb and Dumber
Always looking for models every Monday!
Just spent like 3 hours watching videos...although i've seen them all...more than 5 times atleast :P
RT Writing recipes for our easter specials lamb albondiguitas (tiny lamb meatballs) with mint chimmichurri to name one
If you call girls bitches, tell em' to "suck it" , "smd", all that extra shit, just fucking kill yourself ..
Take pictures and share !
#PLL whats going to happen to them :/
OH MY GOD. IM SO SORRY FOR YOUU. D:
I need open bar season like yesterday!
Ravens' 38 points on 2nd half opening drives are second most in the NFL
Can you hear me know?
Do you really use a Pacojet to shave potatoes? If so, that is pretty heroic.
Excited for tonight
Happy Birthday Robert Downey Jr. #TeamDowney and also with truly love happy birthday to Heath Ledger
Congrats! Starting the game now... :-)
: Hey - here I am! x”. There you both are!
lmaoo thats was up , sorry im late
Thanks to all the supporters that came to the long beach show....
4 Not-So-Obvious Things to Research Before Buying a Home
Night guys and girls, have a fulfilling rest tonight or the sleepy man gone get you at school;)))
very true =) sometimes i just watch faustao & fantastico lol
t-shirt and #sunshine weather in
Last grad school class in one hour....!
Disneyland with my mom again!! :)
listen idk how I'm supposed to get over this if i keep dreaming about it...i was doing so good a first.
2 more in the season
Yes it's early, but are you as excited about this season as we are?
Sorry guys but I might not answer cause i'm going to the library.
liked Maslow's hierarchy of tweets, but think the noble aspects of belonging moving to service/self-actualization were left out
Companies like Netscape, and AOL where are they now?
What an amazing win Kentucky #NCAAFinals,
RT Members of , the St. Anne's clergy, & community groups are BLOCKADING the Mardi Gras Casino
Good luck tonight, Ryan!!
Keith ova there actin out songs and sht!
Stanton is insane.
no wrestling is a real sport
all day everyday and I appreciate ya! Much love
hearing Enrique Iglesias in Pandora tonight im loving u but rdio single is tonight im forking u or fuckin you
Ew why. No.
Thanks so much! i love peeps, with peeps! Let me know if you need anything from me.
turned out good tho..."for the kill"especially
No Burning Man this year. Their afterparty "decompression" is held right outside my window in dogpatch in SF.
Telling stories and passing on knowledge always happens in a particular place - and the place makes a difference.
Holy hell! Its not even July yet.
Bringing up shit from the past that don't need to be brought up are
I WILL <3
Couldnt do sutures though.kept sterile.might try to do sutures... if i think i can keep sterile.on antibiotics anyway for sinus infection
ight ight will do. Right on bro
Gotta check with the chefs. Will let you know.
There are those moments in my life that I'll always remember. Not because they were important but because you were there with me...
For all those awesome Cincy Bands out there....Fountain Square is currently accepting submissions for consideration for the 2012 season. G..
My Mommy smells like booze.
u got a Facebook
I also have nice pants
Hey fellows! Go south on 58 street south go tell the end look for o mats
I was Tryna call u bro I called u when we was at the mall
Sent office assistant for coffee but came back 30 minutes later with a bottle of Tequila, Chips, and a case of beer. He is a man among boys!
you are one of the few in the press to mention this. I wonder why the big networks are reporting this information.
CU= lovable gorgeous pretty nice. Singer. Beautiful. Happy. Fabulous. Role modle. Actress. Blondie.
Sergio Leone's birthday, one of my favorite directors & J.R.R. Tolkien's birthday, one of my favorite writers
Another Saturday morning on the pitch. Go Waunakee U12 boys!
"Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
lol i might have too lol but depends you know :/
I believe that you basically "are who you are" by the time your 15. That story says a lot to me.
See I thought so cuz you said half and half and well it may be just a little off but I could be considered half and half haha
hm idk can I let you guys know later in the week?
Women's expo at Cashman Field today 9-5 Washington & LV Blvd. Come see us!
That's the illest!
Happy Child Welfare Professionals Day to all those who work to protect children!
The littlest things in life can make a huge impact. So TRY not to do anything you will regret in the future. Its your life, dont waste it<3
Have to intentionally set up a space where race can coexist. #interiordesign #dogoodsummit via
Sgt. John Mikkola: He won't accept his shooter's apology but says he will sit down with him one day man to man.
waiting for people to get on that twittercullens.com chat so i can chat them!!!
Im not single & im not taken im simply reserve from the one that deserves my heart <3.
FUCK YOU JUSTIN. Why do you have to look so damn hot on that fucking motorcycle. MY OVARIES
Me too
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!
Anyone else see the game had? 20 points! Unbelievable!
Live streaming is so slow!
good fight. Cutto need to learn how to punch cuz he sure can take one or two. fuck it a lot
yeah man, that used to be about 30% of my life. It's sad that percent has gone down to like almost 0
go me what?? lol Go me to bed? Go me to mental hopsital? lol
Man, whatever happened to Huxley? I was so excited for it like 5 years ago...
nice parallel parkin job...took 5 times n had to go around tha block smh
Reporter brings up issue of parking and the strong protests from PSq business owners
Dear dairy, someone told me I have dyslexia on MILK day
good discussion. I don't think Obamacare's priority was health care reform. Can't be if thousands of waivers were given to unions.
Don't let the silence mean nothing is happening. Quite the opposite. Something big is in the works for Distortion.
Lost like 6 followers overnight hahahaha
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the crushed in spirit.
I truly believe if the president comes out for gay marriage, it will cost him the election. Anti-gay forces will RALLY, big time.
I ve got too much to thank Him for too run out of praise
If the US is determined to celebrate St. Pat's like New Year's Eve shouldn't we also have today off?!
Look at the everyday world for inspiration.
Talking about your Annie Leibowitz photo in contemporary art class Love it! Inspired a huge discussion!
Dance Dance Dance! (:
that's right you'll be seeing me making my rounds!! Haha
From my head all the way to my feet, it's strange what I've become.
yeahh but its ok she hates me too soo that just makes us #TWINZZZ even though we already are
ok she likes how foreign cars ride
Judge Smith explaining ruling now...
#RagsMay28th That's my birthday!!! It comes out on my birthday!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ESSAY: "Mencken's world and mine," by // RT Great read--well done!!
$100 Google Word Coupon with a purchase of a Basic Web Design. www.gostudiogreen.com
my hero!
Thanks for the RT
Is anyone concerned the new games 1V1 & 2V2 - #MW3 are going make boosting/cheating worse, is something in place for that?
#nlcatlanta Listening to the 5w's of Social Media
axe in truck when we find yuh its hurtin
Happy Easter bro! Thanks for #rockin us tonight on
Apparently when you order food in Texas with the word "diabla" in it, it's spicy as hell...
any news on what went down at #OpryMills at closing 2nite? Police everywhere. We felt unsafe. A chase & maybe a fight as we exited.
Women have their faults. Men have only two. Everything they say. Everything they do.
Oh no. We're very concerned.
haha - oops, I lied, I did read that piece. :) Great writing as always.
Well have good time chilling love u
because i'm a dirty yankee?
“: Producers That Wanna Work Hit me up We working on a Big Project With ”
RT #GYTSM launches Million Messages in May, send out a safe driving message 2day incl. and we'll RT you...
I rather he be in there then dead happy i met a good friend
i get hope its still on when i get homee
Some very talented women on stage right now!
Hopefully my car is done tomorrow tho. I miss my dam mustang.
yea ikr haha i cant wait for this weekend
You & shows are always getting screwed by American Idol! New Girls and Bones are SO MUCH better!
ITS TRENDING IN UNDER A MINTUE<3<3 MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I'm seeing shows Friday night . Lemme know if u wanna join
ATTN!> SXSW Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.. hit us up!!
A house has the character of the man who lives in it.
Avatar sucks! Lame plot and characters. The 3D gave me an eye ache. Overrated!
gonna be my lawyer when I get into this music more!!!
Don't forget we have gift certificates for that relaxing gift you want to give this holiday season!
Thanks to your tweet, I dvr'd a rerun of the Always Sunny with Frank's brother - that was brilliant
yay ! This could make tonight real wild !!
Some people are just complete idiots.
i just got my double down..really..?
I'm really not going to care about the lockup until they mess up the playoffs...then it gets real ugly
Good morning! Have a great day..be happy, life is what you make it!
Suicide under investigation caused closing of Edgewater State Park in #Cleveland yesterday. Any details?
I Swear People That Should Even Be Wearing Jordan's Be At This Release!
Awe , whiteboy crushin that's cute!
He was too mean to die ~ so we worked ~ on making him ~ a little nicer ~ and hoped.
Delightful indeed! Your book is awesome...
What exactly do you mean, Kevin? Like, do I prefer it over KP++? Or what?
Smh Smh. So you don't eat because of homework????
Glad that first half is over. is a better second half club. Happy I convinced a few of the patrons to stick around
GUUHH. YOU'RE EFFIN GORGEOUS. AND YOU'RE NOT FAT.
RT : I'm part of a show at the UNLV Museum. Opening tonight. So if, y'know, you don't have anything else going on 'n stuff.
It's all your fault!
haha most definitely. still, having a megaphone or two, some signs, tent poles, and media would not be a bad beginning!
creditcardprocess (ChuckKeenon) thanks for the follow.
Hey your tavern of the game!! Call and get your tickets!
The Hannah Dasher fragrance of the day..."Exxon Mobil" spewed gasoline all OVER myself at the pump this morning.
Good choice ;-)
Nothing To do.............. Bored but ok i am going to the park to hoop i think i will do that........... not right now because it'stoearly
I had a ball in Luanda singing w Bobby Sparks,Yotam Silverstein,Quincy Phillips and Roy Hargrove! Organ trio,baby! <3<3
black ass
Antiqued Paint Corner Computer Desk Workstation &amp; Hutch Reviews
Thrilled about awarded Baltimore's best men's clothing , thanks for all of you that voted for in this category!
Whitney Houston Dead! God Bless her family!
(Excited!) RT Martinez Very focused & productive call with today. Big, secret stuff being planned for summer!
Ean enjoys #Mozart; #Beethoven, not so much.
I didn't lie..
SQLite's simpler for pure reporting/analysis on your cpu; use MySQL for building web applications
makes sense
ur mad its ok :) I would be to if my fave was nicki...thank goodness for Lola *wipes forehead*
does anyone know if there is another progress check in ap lang tomorrow?!
Ms. Fromme...Algebra I....for making me forget that I wasn't "good at math"
I don't like Mort on Family Guy....and no it's not because I'm German lol
Running through the woods after a husky is no fun
Likewise! And yes, come back to DC!
not a bad description.
Italian ices with mommy jack &bella<3:)
Happy birthday Janet Jackson!
Bruce, thanks for the welcome. Toiling away in NM, TX, LA, OK, & AR now. Miss San Diego mucho.
because there is more of an involved self respect for yourself and others industry wise when u let thingsflowonthereowntime;)
Really now.. I'm getting off Twitter.
see Josh Collmenter “: first time watching Marcum this season...how does a guy that doesn't throw over 88 achieve success?
It must be said that 's Christmas blend is insanely delish...and organic. <3 Treat yourself to 2 pounds today!
As a heat fan I hate the lakers but I have to respect Kobe and his skillz
I want some carrots and cucumbers :)
Couldn't agree more. Just broke away from the marathon and I'd seen most of them.
Drake and Josh, josh says itt (:
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
RT thanks Skechers for supporting him after "another sponsor" didn't believe in him anymore.
Don't know why I'm so melancholy today:(
sooner. Sooner.
Ah. THAT's why I never heard back about soccer in Lake Mills. *saw ad in paper for recreation director today*
Those who do not understand me fear me. Those who do understand me fear for themselves...lol
Ha! My fingers made up a new word: ifferentiate.
Very warm out! I think the sun made me sleepy. I'm not sure what I want to do next...
<-- now following mauh!!
Texas Relays?
totally disagree -- an institution is only as strong as it students no matter their background.
Bladder argues with the brain receptor
RT : yes it was good to see ya! I was carb loading too... You know, for all the marathon cheering.//lol :)
Thanks for the free publicity!
nah, but i was running alongside and terrified for my life. hope you had fun!
#Alliclass seting goals: How to improve institutional theatre structures? How to improve Commercial theatre in NYC as an industry?
Thanks for the support putting in the work.. :)
It finally occured to me what path was best. That it's the one of highest resistance is rather besides the point, or perhaps the whole point
If I like it I may move I kinna need a new start
- scraper fail. This shocking headline links to story. Visa Exposed As Massive Credit Card Scam sns.mx/WbfYy6
thanks so much for the FF last week <3
World&#39;s fastest toilet on wheels
wish we had a team. I'm all pirates. Or Toronto.
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
OMG I know!!! Have you seen my rant haha
Thank you to all who have been following our World Health Day Twitter chat in the last 60 minutes.
#nashville followers, tune in to Lighting 100 tomorrow around lunchtime to hear about
happy second thanksgiving. leftovers always taste better, and for that i am grateful!
gettin ready for work blarring my country music <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Is being administratively-challenged a good thing?
Now let buster do a line off ur boner in Philidelphia
Nick Perry AND Clay Matthews? Sorry about crapping your pants to all other quarterbacks. Welcome to the family baby.
I once prayed to god for a bike, but quickly found out he didnt work that way...so I stole a bike and prayed for his forgiveness
Back home, on the couch, beer in hand. It feels just as good to be back home as it does to get away.
Now the whole party is melting like Dali
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
dope club! Gonna be sick!!
And dont ask me for advice. Im single and therefore my advice wont do nothing but lead you to where I am. Home alone...lol.
I'm not gonna trade ACab
Bruner gets Raven award
hawaii is my #1choice! Im rdy....>>>>Paradise
you clearly don't watch hockey and are a waste of time. Your arrogance is alarming.
My mom doesn't understand twitter! How doesn't she! Haha
Wow what a crazy thunderstorm! Woke me right up!
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
aw dang. good luck :-/
Looking forward to meeting you. Stay tuned for details coming up soon.
Is Klonopin The Most Deadly Prescription Drug In The World?
4 reminders / day to use your camera: the big smile. A really big smile is a lot of work unless its a candid big smile. Get to work!
Not a problem, thanks for clarifying!
Whenever you are giving a presentation, always, always, always insure that the projection system works.
Company is needed time to text some people
Yessssir! But I'll text you when my phone is not-so about to be dead. Running on 10% ! Probably later tonight when I get home!
Because Penny is not a geek?
dont support gay marriage and i believe it is a sin. Just like drinking smoking and raising hell which we've all done
I can't stand major chain store associates with their upselling tactics. I'm there to buy one thing jackwagon #382review Thanks
You know you're a #singer w a glamorous life when you sing #Mahler #Symphony 2 and then go home and run the dishwasher.
last day of #summerofriesling come in, drink up
Love mornings like this ;)
Lion Envy
Thinking of a life change but not sure how? Try Thursday AM’s workshop on setting & reaching your work/life goals. Call to register.
we will consider it, haha ;)
U R welcome Jenelle RT Thank you for getting me the P audition. I am very excited about this role!!!
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Rosehaven working with two new writers!!!! Pre-production of movies soon!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!..
Texas is so boring. Theres nothing here -.-
I'm not her, but she's married to my brother. Aren't her Buns seriously awesome?! She's so talented.
TELL YOUR WHOLE GOTDAMN LIFE ON TWITTER WTH.
you better rock the crocs with me tomorrow..
Have you posted your positions to TheRuthieList?
It would be impossible to hear the irony of Joe's Garage without hearing the song because the outer song is its own type of types.
To my health care peeps: coverage of the AHIP Conference in San Diego
Dear Righties: The whole Justin Bieber/9/11 not-mosque thingie is a hoax. He never said it. You are so easily riled up about nothing.
Now That I Am Older The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
some FAVS RT : What are some good nail polish brands?
three year old on trike wearing paper mâché sloth outfit = awesome. #MayDay2012rode in.circles all the way!
This mall truly is a wasteland.
You still have time to prepare but don't worry fellow mudders are awesome they usually help you out.
Davidson: "calculated disruption" can lead to insight, e.g. study abroad
RIGHT! then u have to pick out clothes that can nd cant go in the dryer -__-
Thx, it's really who gets all the credit for that one though
You are a delight!
27 where are you? Its 85 in chicago
today is very interesting.... lots of things going on... stay tuned!!!
LOL, it's all good. You're making more good music...so that offers more opportunities
Many thanks to and his staff for a friendly meeting today on the state of funding for the humanities!
I take it the date went well?!? :)
Please pray for my meniscus
yes really...he is a #BANGARANG veteran
Thank you..look forward to talking some more.
I'm torn on how I feel about slots in the city proper. We need the revenue but do we need a slots parlor?
Omg!! Twitter keeps unfollowing people!! If my twitter unfollows you please dont unfollow me im trying to follow everyone back ASAP!! (:
It. Was. Delicious.
B Love intercepts. 23 secs left to 1st half.
I hope that I don't embarrass my self .
coming up on Midday series on health care, hear about 'frequent fliers' putting a strain on the system- at 12:15!
Spending the morning with the #DalaiLama at
Ahh, success! Can now load a bank of programs in VSTI , which now responds appropriately to program changes!
Hey urrybody follow her, shes cool :-) RT I need more # 5ers to follow me :)
Hey this is this is my other account follow me and tell megan too i cant find her k thanks c:
I feel horrible. :/
#truth I got to be with you. want to be with you. Need to be with you.
RT "Cinema, what I care about, would not exist without Kodak film and George Eastman House." - Jonas Mekas
im taking a leap of faith
oops, I meant #sipamiami ... see you at the Edeen Roc!
Thanks, Barbara. Hope that your composing is going brilliantly.
Who ever gave me that mini bottle was a saint! I love that tiny little thing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
SO CHECK YOUR SELF CAUSE YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP THINKING IM MAKING THIS SHIT UP FOR SOME FUCK UP IN JAIL
Nice tweet about Steve V. Thanks.
If it's a stove pipe, res ipse loquitor.
get Bluey, Sosner, Bally, Zues, & the rest of the crew on board and come do a few shows here! Please!
RT : Heavy snow at Eisenhower Tunnel. 6" so far. I-70 closed Eastbound Silverthorne to the tunnel. Loveland Pass closed.
Getting a quote on a Welsh Heritage tour, including a trip to the Eisteddfod in August.
Happy smiles for women who have back scratchers for feet I can help them get thier feet back to purr-in naturally w/out harsh skin removal
Right?! Wouldn't it be awesome to sleep right now like most people -_
yo hit me up
yes, one of my least favorite. Couldn't they have come up with one woman who contributed to tech?
#sweetdreams all! I know mine will be!
Umm, been told its snowing in LA. Happy to live in Chicago where snow is not a surprise.
... That's embarrassing..
that one guy were texting about :P<3 <*ItsBeenAWhile*>
What if zombies could jump like the hulk?? We're all going to die. -.-
You are not a faggot.. i think ur adorable! <3
great! Can't wait for weekend though! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
tenennenenenenenene what song is that?
good luck, give us a call if you do get murdered
I hate incoming calls while im relaxing...if I don't initiate *shrugs*
Steve Bartowski, Jimmy Johnson, Art Monk and Ty Detmer among the 2012 College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Will do. Thanks for that. cc/
Givers song, Up Up Up, as heard on WFUV, will be featured on Glee next week. That's so great.
so drowsy
Can never go wrong listening to George Strait
Does anybody remember Charlie the unicorn! Lmao!
Did a Google search to find Chris Ash's coaching profile, but I'm guessing the Twitter account that turned up () probably isn't him
"I got lotsa sides -- good, bad, awful, and worse. Which one you wanna see?" young writer in last night's Oakland Juvenile Hall workshop
will try to make it :)
Bacon on the inside is brilliant, but you guys should add peanut butter on top =
that was pretty RT : Lob city!
Livin in a Hell House ! Sometimes I just wana disappear from the World and all its fucked up CONTENT ! ..
if you have time are you going to Home Depot?
Applying for jobs so I have money when they kick me out :/
reading between the lines, does that suggest no to Marcum?
Now from Bridgeview IL to Hoffman Estates, IL at Americas for gig #2 from 7-9pm with See you there!
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
dang it. I'm jealous. Why can't I just do it? I think it's because I'm scared to feel disconnected from new york
Aha , Jaiden dumb .
Heaven's gas and lights were turned off. No tenants qualified and the rent was too damn high; it was gentrified hollow.
USA downs Belarus 5-3, out shooting them 36-26 today at the Worlds. US goals by Abdelkader, Atkinson, Thompson, Ryan & Stastny.
Congratulations to Eli Manning and the New York Giants, Super Bowl XLVI Champions.
HI Curt, glad you got hip to Blackout. Have you seen Harris live? He's a great performer/improviser
In support of Small Business Saturday, I will be speaking at a press conference (2:00 pm) today in Hoboken at the Big Toy Fun store, 602 Wa…
If Peyton Manning signs with Broncos do you want Tim Tebow? If he signs with Titans, would you want Matt Hasselbeck? Is Matt Flynn your QB?
Now my thyroid is more or less normal, I need to shed the excess 60 lbs. by Saturday night. Any tips?
Hampton Inn
I dont mean to sound sly but Ive got a gay friend who thinks ur gorgeouse &he wants 2no if ur gay or not but hes 2 afraid 2 ask x
If you think too much about being re-elected, it is very difficult to be worth re-electing. #President Woodrow
The Republican's version of the Declaration of Independence reads "All men are created equal....unless you're gay, black, Muslim, Mexican...
Man accused of stabbing SDPD officer is charged w/ seven felonies and faces life in prison if convicted.
nah ' alive
no fair: how'd you get repeat signs on twitter?!
Well, that's at least half a dozen of us!
Did someone just toot in downtown OKC?
The intro of the film made me think that this was a very LA entertainment industry "feel good" film. Over the top cliches!
im not trust me
#Chicago check out the & produced portfolio at Mess Hall tonite, 6-9 pm. Temp Services has a poster in it. Rogers Park.
I bought the most amazing python boots for fall and now I ckin out the pink suede pumps for spring OMG!! Gotta have!
Commercial banks and savings institutions originated $162 billion of single-family loans through retail outlets in the third quarter
Bike Night starts May 17th – are you as excited as we are?
Spent the day preparing to catalog toy soldiers. Just preparing. I'm already out of my league, over my head, and a wee bit under interested.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless my kids finally falling asleep :)
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference & Trade Show Richmond, VA, March 27-29. Discounts on all booth displays! Bring your truck!
wowzers! I must have really had too much. What have you been doing with your bad self? We need to get down soon! No tazers.
When the shampoo is soothing and the detangling is smooth and painless the doors of the church open up.
let's ball up ? ! I got hyperfuse , and they look like they need to be worked out ;D
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Fruit Bake 4.5 / 5 Stars | 2 Reviews by EDINMETR "Peaches, pears and rhubarb bake together beneath a sweet and c
i wanna c dat. i liked tha last video u dis;):)
take him lol. He wont be missed
I was able to help a client increase traffic to their site by 830% since last year. I am very proud of that!!
I have the same syndrome. I annoy the crap out of myself.
Must be the greatest thing to ever happen to Baylor University. Congrats on the Heisman.
At the lecture at , "On the Ideal of Independence."
I'm sorry! Everything is too funny idk why
Howard Stern = No #AGT. Makes it easy to choose not to watch.
Maybe Jersey. Don't know! Haha
. It looks like we are / already following you / ev'rybody wins! :)
tickets, bought. time to hit the (spanish work)books.
Burke can only be a one man show for so long. Who else is gonna step up for Big Blue?
M Tasty Tweet! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Tell them boys to stop shooting 3's though! #RT via <~~3s ain't the problem right now, We need to tighten up on D
Hawks win the first 12 minutes. Up 23-20. C's shooting 35%, Hawks 50%.
thanks for the wings...p.s. if anyone goes to hooters avoid the server Angela not the friendliest
Day 2 of using Seesmic...the Facebook feed did not come up and not clear how to "goose it"...
seeing ashlybaby soon. NO SCHOOL TOMORROW. YAY!
Can we trend #LucAndGaga please?
RT : More than 2,400 years ago the philosopher Socrates claimed: “I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.”
Thank You & #safe from #alqaeda #plot!
it's so nice out!
welcome to my life every night
“: Zen is not bothered about anything superhuman; its whole concern is how to make ordinary life a blessing. -Osho”
There's a reason why people who work at a gas station work at a gas station..... #clueless Avoid the Circle K @ 63rd and Broadway extension.
The world is getting older & more concentrated in urban areas. What are the advantages and pitfalls of growing old in the city?
Love ya Thx for the follow. Enjoy & share 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30!
Were All Tha Photographers At
Congratulations!!!! We need to go out for drinks soon and celebrate!
Let me get my ass up & get ready for work !
Grotto Tonight..... Should be fun. hope to see all the faces out. live usrteam about 11pm.
Ah, grasshopper, it is not an easy path you walk but it can be done.
Yup, #DisasterCapitalism. 1973 was also the year #ALEC was founded to gut and replace our laws in the USA.
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord. -Psalm 27:14
My Blackberry Internet Service is getting slower. Gaahhh D;
Lol! Time to go grocery shopping :)
She hurrrrr. (at work) RT : Where is ???
well if you weren't always breathing yo hot breath on my social neck we might get along :) ha!
1st up Montana. If you didn't get to catch the selection show we are a number 3 seed in the tournament.
Russ talking about using kickstarter to fundraise for making a film - "crowd funding"
"Kokomo" - Beach Boys. one of my favorite songs of all time. that one episode of Full House. 90's saxophone to the max!
Thanks, man. I need a nudge every now and then. ;)
nothing...absolutely nothing is better then a bench clearing brawl. ESPECIALLY one led by Megs...
Fever has subsided, but I still feel a bit run down.
yeah they were everywhere. #roc is buzzing about butterflies
NEVER LET A MF TELL U WHAT U CANT DO! NEVER!!! WORK ON UR CRAFT DAILY & BETTER URSELF & PROMOTE IT LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT CUZ IT DOES
“: so glad I am not playing with Kevin na I have a flight to catch ;)” Slow play is the WORST.
One of the beings looked as if it disappeared , then I realized it had shrunk to dime size and popped back even bigger then back to normal.
So us a nice tall Morgan :)
Thinking of surveying my students on their use of ebooks. What to ask?
any word on where Willis will end up?? Go Cats!!
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Father/Daughter dance to the same song I've always planned for my wedding -- "Carolina Girls" :)
A voice that both conveys your message and appeals to the different tastes/preferences of your community.
"The 'but' is good but the 'ho' is bad." -Jim Henry
Good game Ike Taylor
On Monday we will celebrate Halloween with a $15.00 gift card give away! Like our page and you are automatically in the drawing!!!
I am so excited... I sold some more at my etsy.com shop, off to the post office to deliver. Yay!!!
I hate when people try to say they're a different race..or say they're mixed with alot of stuff..nahh..you're just desperate to be different
Dear Twitter: Stop recommending me to follow Arsenal players. I don't care about that wank club, or it's wankeriffic players. Thanks.
“: B&D Result - Won 5-2” well done!
Thx so much! Great work!!!
You're 40 some odd years old, Tami! And you're acting like a child!
Beautiful morning, can't wait to c wat da rest of the day has in store!!!
OKC!!! First last year's champ, now they bouta get the Lakers out.
Is the morning air temperature above freezing? Yes. Was the Dew Point temperature reached? Yes. Result = Dew.
Sadly no! I think I left it in my other purse. I obviously need to invest in a #tidetogo value pack.
Oh dear, another crazy Canadian! lol
Seriously, if you're on the sixth floor and afraid of elevators and don't know where the stairs are, how did you get up here...?
More house updates soon, I promise!
Me and my friend just told my mom that we are gonna marry and lol
Great meeting today! Only 39 days until Jingle Bell Run 2011
Ah, that's true. She was fantastic in that game.
Bob, many thanks for following me on Twitter! All the best you and family this New Year! Thanks for your leadership! Best, Mark
Goodbye winter... Hello spring!
We are at the halfway mark of the week, time to get to work, congrats to Kimberly Robbins at Van Yahres Tree co, edible arrangment winner
haha dat 2...4 my allergies but i take another daily dose of medicine 2
Video? Yes. would have to dig it up. But it's never, ever going on YouTube.
Up knitting. Major rippage (hours of work yesterday undone) and a thunderstorm here kept me up. Now I'm finally to bed!
Picture day tomorrow don't forget ;)
Wtf, idk we still used blimps?
“: Feminism is for girls that wanted to be treated equally to men. I want to be treated much better. #CGP”
I'm hitting every red light in Tooele. Me and no one else
Just stop, Nas. You know the only reason you're on TV is because Jay-Z was unavailable.
I hope she's not on twitter. :/
“: Oh look, Sweet Home Alabama is on until 1:30. I'm obviously staying up late.” Great Movie!
Que kenny chesney summertime. Summer begins now
Was Stevie Wonder using a teleprompter?
thank you!
it was worth a shot
Bud Go Get Peyton!!! We Need 'Em!!! Titans All In!!!!
Loving Kris Radish's books! If you're looking for a new author to try and like female friend stories, check her out.
Now I'm wqtching "The Sandlot". Good movie for 4th of July
come to my office you know how warm it is.
thanks. Just what i need rn
I have the best boss in the world.
a Exclusive & Fun party where we sale & show sex toys, romance inhancers & sensual items. It's fun, educational, & inexpesive.
To those we've lost and those who still fight for freedom I am honored to be alive because of you.
Extremely tempted to hop on the Hiawatha and hit that up!
person that is Introuble lol I mean seriously it gives me a confirmation it was read and the time message was read at!
Need a laugh? No questions then, just dial (719) 266-2837. Don't worry, you're safe for work.
my goal for the end of the summer is for to follow me . #fangirl #pleasebemyBOYFRIEND ;)
Wish Texas would have snow!
Challenges here and there yes but none like the ones placed in the way
u said u wouldnt bite i was just making sure
ok I got u gurl. Hold on
I hope the sixers get blown tf out since they put the bulls out
At Work- RED LIGHT SPECIAL - Ben Bailey steps out of the Cash Cab to answer YOUR questions for a change - new emmy as best quiz show host
you end up stayin at your place for the game?
ya'll should have came to Fox & Hound to watch it on our Big Projector TVs :D
Excuse me as I fangirl.
Good morning! RT : Waking up with and a good cup of coffee. Happy Saturday everyone!!
I'd agree. He's stick in PHX (for now), which hurts his publicity
OMG, I agree with her rules EXCEPT the cat ... how dare she remove the family cat
Gorgeous sunrise on the east coast this morning & breakfast at Shoney's was really good!
Good job man. Always working. RT : This is crazy! My graduation barbeque party has turned into an LBF sales event! I love it!
On my break I wish this rain would stop -__- welp time for some Starbucks : )
my Bro said ima OverDose Off dat #KOOL_AID ...aye its a ADDICTION.
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
He Can Teach Me all The Sounds of Love
Cant wait to hang out.. We can all do a show together maybe!
lol. They crack me up too! :D
Same to you, Candace!
He deserve a whole fit tho ... mmmhmmm
Good Morning
i swear every time i read ur tweets the one things tht comes to mind is "she is so random" lol
Goddess of the jungle, you are a whore!
If I don't have any, I always throw in. I ain't a scavenger nigga
boy you've been my teacher and i learned , sex ain't better than love !
me 2 ! of course i love my family . who doesn't ?!
Dude, you'd be emailing me. Haha. I'm not that hard to please, seriously.
It was 60 when I left home this morning. Brought a light cardigan instead of jacket. Going to be below freezing by 5 p.m. Oops.
wtf is up with this defense? o_O
go get us some chick fil a on me
what are you doing Saturday?
#ThePitch might be my favorite show right now. I love the process of presenting, making it a competition even better.
Once again it's on....
Lots done this week. Out and about.
Had to laugh at Chaos this morning. Very large thunder clap while on his walk...he tried to jump in my arms. Big ole baby.
At school looking at all the bunnies
Some good dialogue between alumni and the students on why they feel passionate about jazz music and why they work in the genre
Laker nation it's game time!! Make some noise.
Why I woke up in a bad mood? Who knows. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
why you still at valley ..... I got you
Who was that Jays fan who said the #Rays were done? I'd like to have a few words with him.
Fashion forever how did you meet Bruno mars
Hahaha great planning. Love it. Highs are like 86 and 87 now.
Because these wings are no longer wings to fly / But merely vans to beat the air / The air which is now thoroughly small and dry
Ha! I can't say enough how awesome the points system is.
lol I'm going to hold u to that
Ride around with nina $$$cash out
I'm performing tonight at Apache Cafe with Evil Empire (rage against the machine cover group)!! Be there to rock into the new decade
Beautiful Hangover
This may be a bad idea.. But I'm willing to risk it all.
Buy me then lebron 9s idc the look cool.
happy hump day:)
Just started selling #tickets for ! Seniors get yours now! #RedSquare 10am-4pm
Just catching up.
let me know where I should email you :D
lol yeah like the Red sox did to the Yankees! haha sorry man.. its the only example I could think of lol
Tomorrow is the start of the live poker grind... Vegas here I come.
uh oh, getting topical on me... all Mayweather talk is identified and grouped together on the news feed. Pretty neat.
ha, get it allie
can you DM me your contact info?
It's easier still to be a moderate, because there's no requirement that you be passionate about what you advocate. Caring is tough.
Another day!
You too! >> : Thanks for #FF and mention. Have a great weekend.
Wish the book were available on Kindle!
Theres a town called fucking in Austria? :o
Who's read Hunger Games and/or plans to see it? I'm excited! (Not seeing till next w/e, tho)
Thanks for the #FF my man!!!
help us make better- what could we have provided for a question about your girlfriends height that would have satisfied you?
Nikon D800 vs. Canon 5D Mark I: Which Shoots Better Video? [Video]
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice, & Cheese Burrito, Poland Springs Water
<-- this chubby monkey needs to start being all about that "hit the gym & get fit" status.
It is indeed, a NYC Landmark. Have a great Sunday!
Time to pack up until tomorrow -- come see us 11-7 Saturday, 11-5 Sunday -- new stuff (and people) all the time -- always a "Free" box, too!
I found out at 16 weeks.. maybe you will have a boy! because usually if the ultra sound tech isn't sure his thingy is tucked!
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
Let us Know if you need a Car Service with Flat Rates and same price as a taxi. Call Us for questions At 561 212-1236
so bangin!!!! Next some killer bassline assemblage!
awesome! See you there!
#BorussiaDortmund thrashing #Bayern the wise that are on my list are smiling as other cappers were drinking I was working get on the list
Teams must turn off season into an in season-1st step in expanding programs- utilizing data to monitor facility & program usage
ahahahah little red dot. JAPAN. lmao <3 ill send u a guatamoula flag shirt
!!! What's up!? Hope all is well!
We will see tonight. Toughest building in the league.
Ready to do the NYC next week.
Coach Gwoz: You can't try to play a wide open game against Ferris. We'll have to be patient. Chances are this game will be low scoring.
#WhenAustin Retweets you and a ton of Mahomies tweet you "OMG AUSTIN RETWEETED YOU!"
that's a little too unsafe though. I was thinking under the wooden bridge in a ditch.
Heading to my first #nosework seminar!
Tomorrow is going to suck.. so bad. So bad.
I was very limited in my viewing choices on the way back from Paris last year, so I watched the entire S1 and fell in love!
Really wanna go to Raging Waters tomorrow.
Yay! Haku Inoa has officially made it to panel for ITVS LINCS for the third year in a row :) Hopefully third time's a charm. Please help...
Haha, thank you. If there's a better way to spend a Sunday, I haven't seen it.
The ideas aren't that important. Really they aren't. Everyone's got an idea for a book, a movie, a story, a TV series. Neil Gaiman
Girls out here really stripping now a days just to make money. How u stripping and u stay in sugar land! Wtf. U got money.LOL
I just figured out that i have 6 flat irons.. wtf?!
LOVES you for the RT, thx u!
I still have pictures of Richard with cat whiskers. He looked like a cute scene kid :3
This should make a lot of season ticket holders happy, although security... not so much. I hope this makes for a better experience.
lunch time! m this food sure hits the spot! :)
Woww theres a honey 2 and im hearin its weak...wont b wastin ma time
2peoplethatbelongtogether Michael Jackson & Whitney Houston
I think I just blew my nose so hard my brain came out
Happy half birthday?
Been outside all day
A broken pipe can occur at any time and in any part of the house. When this happens on an upper level, the need for expediency is key.
oh and macroons!
Got my coffee Cup, ready to go. DO WORK!!
Lets go defense thank u for that great effort in the 1st half
#TGIF! What are your plans this #STPATTYSDAY weekend?!
Research finds regular yoga prac for children with learning difficulties or special needs beneficial especially for ADD, ADHD and Dispraxia
totally agree. I guess judges have their Idol. Expression from others was priceless.
Sorry, I meant smell like.
I haven't been around Twitter all week...hope everything's okay!
“: you look like u wear ” If I see a pair I like, I will wear them...
After his finish to '11 & shoulder issues in spring, #Brewers have to be happy with what Marcum has done in 1st two starts.
Or you can freedom-kick someone else's ass while they scream! Whichever! :)
Anger #A DUBIOUS luxury!
Anyone have recommendations for some stellar #legal marketing Twitter accounts? Need them for a research project. Thanks in advance!
Watching to kill a mocking bird <3 50 years ago this movie came out
We did gush about our dogs! : )
Alexa Ray Joel released from the hospital and headed to dad's following apparent O.D. on sleeping medication
I sincerely wish I had an exotic animal like a pet leopard, cheetah, jaguar or tiger to cuddle up with on rainy nights. <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
So much fun to hear the squeals of the kiddos as they finish their tour and come running in from the rain!
Bacon cheddar popcorn is pretty great.
True. FOX seems to to be suffering from SMS = Selective Memory Syndrome
Fuel » After 4-month surge, national average drops to $3.88; may soon fall another nickel or more.
Awww my stomach hurts. Wtf. Ouch. No
I really hope you can help me. I've been screwed over twice in a row now. It's getting ridiculous
3 days! looking forward to seeing you.
lol I got you
yo what's up
my grandpa #aafaal always talked about family. He wanted me to always remember how important family is
Heard you're coming back, is it true? ;o
Reince Preibus,RNC Chair, was overheard saying on conference call last week that GOP wants recall on GOP primary date.
I thought I made it big when Delta Burke confirmed me as friend on FB. Thanks for 2nd best day! RT you're listed
it must be the luck of the Irish. They're clearly getting some benefit from the schedulers.
nah bro dont piss me off. ill go ape shit on you. you treat er rit and ill call off my mafia ight? dealio
S/O N #FOLLOW #TEAMMAJOR NEW ALL #GUDGREENTHEMED #COMINGSOON BE READY TO SEND MUSIC, VIDS, N PICS DATS ONLY
Yes! RT : national coffee day? don't mind if i do.
RT : Who are you taking to #SundayParkways? I'll be at #SundayParkways with & his mom! Join us
I was doing that last night and it sounded like something was moving around I jumped out of my bed across the room to the light
Hello Mr. Horne. Thank you for following back. It's been along time since I've seen u
Who is watching Workaholics tonight?!
Can someone explain why Axford isn't pitching this inning?
I'm gonna keep this account anonymous. I made this acc. to be kind & support. I don't want people to think I'm doing this for attention.
When we bring what is within us out into the world. miracles happen...
this is gonna be fun. #mojitos #morelikeBROjitos The only thing the could improve this sitch is if could meet up!
no prob thanks!
Official Announcement.......
sweet dreams lady.
Doing a photo shoot with make up and candy... I'm thinkin crazy eye shadow colors and lollipops!
as if you were surprised :)
what's hearts looking like?
be aware it does cost money;"dilutes the $ avail" to the Hetero couples
RIP Maurice Sendak (1928-2012). Hope you're better where the wild things are! <3
wait, did someone mention #DrinkingAboutMuseums? I'm in. Where do I go?
thanks and same to you
TFT is officially launched! Huge updates for your back office marketing tools are now live.
"hate is a prison, anger is the warden and rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday" - Bring LIFE to USA
Fear is one worst enemy of mine right now.
I like bowling shoes.
I got a standing ovation.
No worries
You can use Gourme Mist instead of Balsamic Vinaigrette and save 75 calories!!
Sleepwalked this morning, aka I took a shower at 1 in the morning
We appreciate the and the Authority for being sponsors of our #ScholarshipReception! tix at sdabj .org
And one day will be on that list of nominees!
could be an all top 4 performance Next week!
Theses are my dreams--> 1. Be a singer and get where you are in your career 2. Meet you. I'm going to keep chasing my dreams<3
6 am wake no bigs thank god for extremely high dose of adderall and my perfect man getting me Starbucks to get me thru the day
Russell Wilson understands every joke ever made in "Frasier."
I appreciate it Mitchell! It's an honor to show with you in F-stop Issue
not sure how helpful my advice was but GOOD LUCK!!
at work dnt want to be here loll
Erg. Mama no like Brek Shea.
Reason #15 why many changes fail - failure to understand why people resist change. Read excerpt from my book, Beyond the Wall of Resistance
im so callin booty poppin khaki cakes...ex: im going to the club tonight to get my khaki cake on...
Am I right, ladies? RT : New arcade game concept: Whack-A-Douche cc:
Thanks Apple for sending me 2 iPod touches for the price on 1! Donating it. Some kid in the toys for tots program is gonna get very lucky :)
If you don't follow at least 3-400 people, Twitter must be pretty boring for you. For me, its something new every ten minutes
ok...off to still work on Packing and rescue from the Box he is stuck in....Take care out there....
FINALLY! It's my Friday!!!
You inspire me. #DoveInspired good luck tomorrow!
oh they will be.. He has gotten out of hand.. I was so mad. I just couldn't control myself!
Thanks for the follow. Your face looks very familar.
If I never hear another #Rihanna #KatyPerry or #JessieJ song again I would be one happy girl. They call this music?
thanks for the amazing coffee. Will trade guitars for coffee!
Join and TODAY at 3 PM EST for #CommsChat! Topic is "Making the Business Case for Diversity"
my man!!! Welcome back NJ... Haha..
All of their biggest hits were from that #album. Would you compare it to Appetite for Destruction?
I'm so glad you liked this episode! Thank you so much! <3 your amazing support rocks!
Don't forget - say our #mkefoodiehunt codeword - MILWAUKEE BLEND - and get "buy one, get one free" today!
This lady in the post office has a fanny pack. isn't the only one!
I am living proof that our thoughts have the power of creation we must master our minds so we can #manifest our #dreams into #reality today!
Haha - it depends on which album. Overall, I agree though: NIN is much more conducive to data analysis than writing reports.
It was a bummer - some claimed it was too cold outside for fro-yo. It's never too cold for fro-yo!
EVERYONE GUESS WHAT?!?! 'S #BOYFRIENDVIDEO COMES OUT TODAY!!<33
enjoyed your tactics, tangents and rule breaking powerpoints in #AUPR301 class! Esp. your #NHD example
No way, how tall are you?!
How's about "Owen's Original" Beef Jerky?
Yup....good flick (kinda long for young ones though)
Though I should have been working on my pre-trip to do list, I updated websites instead. Equally necessary, but not as timely.
I want to tear the petals off of you and make you tell the truth.
we both have a passion for womens soccer, got to stick together
Wake up , Be amazing , Sleep , repeat ..
remember to call me later when you get back home I'll make sure to text you
Sounds fine. Trust your judgment. You have more to plan around, being an instructor and all. If you book it, I/we will come.
TAMPA, FLORIDA - SAMMIE IS COMING HOME (((APRIL 13)))
quit sack ridin bitch
#IfWomenDidNotExist the human race as we know it would never have exsisted
Who is your hero?
thank you very much!
When i was watching with my friends my friends thought that i would like james heck no its 100% carlos hes cute and awesome
McDonald's hires around 1 million workers in the US every year
Pretty dang jealous right about now!
That was touching
looking forward to seeing you next week!
yeah girl!
what up Nutty?
you got to love have the best singers this season
get off work and come to my room slore
My brother took my room .
follow and please :D x67
I think it cost more than a dollar a minute to talk on my brick cell phone. Probably cost a couple thousand dollars for the phone itself.
There's some nasty ppl in this city! Smh
Happy birthday !
Good luck B.B.!
Lol silly Dillon.
no replay for that obvious fan interference???What a fucking joke.
Hey Acacia. Thanks love :)
I love you!<U+2665>
Deep ties bind us RT Very few people know pain like I know pain. Nothing phases me anymore.
Run your life! Don't let your life run u!
Praise the LORD with the harp; make music to him on the ten-stringed lyre Sing to him a new song; play skillfully, and shout for joy Psalm33
Looking for siblings of individuals with Type I diabetes OR sibs of those without a medical diagnosis! Please pass along.
it's not yet !! I'm still a 26 yr old young man ;)
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again??
Thank you. Thats great advice :)
good morning dear sister!! How are you?!! :)
neat people! Have to have RSVP'd I think though. At Champions now if you wanna join.
ugh i been reading all day wtf
Obsessed is just a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated." -Anonymous
There is a confirmed signing in Illinois???! Omg...definitely going to that
They're the Marital Aid of the Sea!
If only I had enough guts to tell you how I still feel about you. Maybe we could be that thing again. The thing I grew to love. Iloveyou.</3
Resolution: learn to draw. (currently when I draw people they end up looking like The Face of Boe)
yeah man. Just now caught the hang of it lol. When are you stopping by? Milton is coming by tonight
Friday groove w/ sound cloud...HOT!!!
he'd make a hot chick though for sure
Happy Father's Day to all you rockin' daddy-o's! Hope you spend your day kickin' back and havin' some fun!
THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
Sorry, i was off the twitter all weekend. I'm elbows deep in paint or else i'd be in
Check out for hair stylist. She's really good with color & overall a great person. www.hairinthecity.me
I see he fucked you over too. My timeline was a year, though. Fake ass "promo". Now he won't even show his face.
Tonight is the night! A Very Acoustic Christmas Show Coffee House ft. , , & ! C U THERE!
Thanks for the super convenient oil change in my driveway from Great Price especially for the exceptional service!!
Damn I be procrastinating....
#gutcheck doesn't just deserve a contract, but a title! He is the future of wrestling!
you nasty
If thats the case every time you post is just random....
Kid-Friendly Celebrity Wedding Ideas for Brad and Angie to Copy
Can you follow me??? I just followed you!!!!
Thanks for the RT! Would appreciate it if you could list us on your event page too!
I love
Trying hard not to be a #fatkid anymore.
Great seeing you last night and great show as always.
Send in your song requests! No Lady GaGa please!
Busy day. Soccer practice. Busy night. Sleep... soon.
Idc what anyone yes.. Adele never gets old. <3
RT : long hair don't care
Its gonna be a fun Bucks game tonight! Jennings is back, and we're gonna have some big stars courtside tonight!
Marmite! Who knew? that's who!
RT : Various lanes of WIS 29, between County J & Packerland Dr, closed overnight tnite from 6 pm-6 am to place barrier wall.
I'll have another Cinco de Mayo with a Supermoon on the side.
Go Badgers!!
hahaha <U+2665><best I can do lol.. Me 2 it'll be fun!! Hahaa awee I see, that was my guess besides abduction lol
Gotta reset the chi but don't know how, showed up to GN $1100 and didn't have any patience/heart, gotta prepare for the main event.
Austin's Puka Necklace, I miss that. </3
- I have the same problem that's why I put my entrire voice mail access into my cell phone
We look forward to seeing the Go Party through your eyes. Please post some pictures as you celebrate.
$2 ALL Miller and $3 Well drinks!
Whatta great win. Passion. Pride. Pacers! On to the second round!
Thanks Brian! We are looking forward to an exciting 2012 event. Hope to see you there!
does your class use WP, twitter, etc? have your students had any neg online interactions w/ppl who aren't in your class? let me know!
RT : "There is only one moment in time when it is essential to awaken. That moment is now." - Buddha
Can everyone please stop using java applets, god I hate you Sun
Kill who off? That was a really dark episode. And strong Peggy episode. I expect a lively #MadMenTFF chain tomorrow
Hey, didn't get the chance to chat post-show. Hope that you enjoyed yourself!
I think using my mugshot for my online profile pic was a bad idea.
great job yesterday!
I'm a young, educated black man and business owner. I own two media companies, & give us a shout
There some songs that describe your life in just three minutes <3
watching #awkward !
Any tennis fans out there? Nadal and Djokovic is just insane! Over 5.5 hours...so far!
Already in love with the #CMAawards and we're only 3 minutes in.
wen does fantasy football season start¿
Need to remember this...RT : Your life is always "under construction"
regarding ped traffic accident map from blog: except for downtown, accidents tend to cluser in neighborhoods w/ lower median incomes.
Great Job once again guys...:-)
He said hump>>> : #freemusic Happy Hump Day and who wants a free song and story? Just comment on this post or message me!
Dark over cast in phoenix
yea he's fine wen I went to go see him yesterday rite after his surgery he really wanted a pizza olo
Now you tell me what sense that make
Interested in hitting the "big time" with your band? Of course you are! Pyro Productions is here to help
Agreed. When you have a sub, what are ways you make sure students still use time valuably? Are kids able to use tech?
"Bro I'm about to go so HAM tonight." --- Home And Masturbate?
That's a great question. Please post the answer.
Find out what #CloudSecurity really means with #Cloud-eVerse and
Funny, I've been seeing quite a bit of discussion about Borges & Old English lately.
Caedmon said he'd take a nap for Mother's day. Ten minutes later he's up. =)
Yum, be sure to get a doggy bag for Z!
Coldplay gives my heart chills..
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
"Did you hear Facebook bought Instagram? What's Instagram?"
Why is the carpet wet Todd?
FINAL SCORE: Penn State 20, Ohio State 14
Chefs that take profile pictures of themselves holding dead carcasses #kitchenpetpeeves (including me!)
In a hearing about renewal of Cablevision's franchise in the Bronx, I met people who had NO CABLE much less Internet.
thanks big bro
how the heck do u get to all these ballpacks?
Is riding shotgun with your 16 year old new driver with a double roadie a bad influence? I sure hope not.
Hair glue smell like fishy pussy...lbvs
You don't cross a woman holding a bag of poop, it's just that simple.
solidarity from others? I recently wrote abt Arab racism for class, but not sure when/where meaningful discussions are yet.
SO TRUE
<U+FFFD>As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say
Thnx for RT, love the peace & serenity on your page. Would love to follow and appreciate followback.
everytime you tweet a pic of Sugar/Bamboo makes me wanna hug my laptop<3
Geez, Raiders of the Lost Ark is 30 years old today. Man, I feel even older.
who would ever RT that?! he looks like he smells like moldy cheese
NASTY JUST NASTY>>>>>>": *grips thang* I need this in somebody right now!!!"
Photoshop CS5! Hard to tell if it's worth the upgrade but it's nice to have new toys.
Maybe would like to come be our VIP audience member?
GO DIE IN A HOLE. EARTH WOULD B BETTER WITHOUT YOU!!! JEALOUS MUCH OF AUSTIN? BOY U WENT TO FAR.
What your the first crayon i'd choose! &if no1 pix u first break the others(: lol
Just watched the revival of south pacific on PBS. I'm such a geek
I cannot believe Whitney is dead. This is really sad and upsetting.
that was a awsome profmance :) o o o o o o o my gosh
Deviled eggs are great!!Also love the herring bruschetta!!
House Agriculture Cmte Proposal Would Cut 2 Million Off Food Stamps & Reduce Benefits for More Than 44 Million Others
Welp, now that women's day is over.. back to doing what matters
i love you please come back to NY soon!! xoxox
Leather seats are the worst!!! I'm so hot I'm my car!!!
I was thinking about doing that tonight.
As a former editor, I'm awed at the feat of moving from idea (in a bar) to 500-pg book in a year--so many moving parts!
Having so much fun with my girl and Alexandra (: I wish you were here :/
Thank you, Ashley!!!
See you at the fair today!
For some reason I can't help but find your ass amusing! I might just keep you around just for laughs!
Happy National Condom Day (: woo
love Reggie Aqui! Seemed to be disgusted by little league theft!
The sarcastic "excuse me" is gettin lotsa traction lately. Steve Martin would be proud.
there is so much 12 year old drama
15 mins till track A panel discussion 'The New Standards For Today’s Web Customer'. Come and join us!
When sexy ass girls have a boyfrend<<<
I say i was going bed but now can sleep I don't know why bro. Is 5 am in morning
how dare he. No such thing as a gentleman these days. Smh
Its our favorite part of the week! The end!!! n bout to get it going!
I liked you because you called. You stopped calling-now, you're just kind of basic.
true. With another 1st pick you can sure up other positrons but I have always been a fan of trading down
"The faintest ink is better than the best memory...", Ancient Chinese Proverb, i.e. always write it down!!!
Share the music with friends...
and im hidding in your house.
Are you from the south? Has the language now changed?
Sitting behind the critics row at a screening of Young Adult. They all look perfectly metropolitan with black glasses and 5 o'clock shadows
#Eagles vs #Giants who does everyone like? Big game today for both teams.
We might be looking for a new synth player
lol yea but they dnt have to work there.....there mean ppl! Lol
Bad Move Jules :(
#wewerecooluntil you stabbed me in the back. Now you're just a bitch that I don't want to look at again
Happy Monday. Let's make it a good week :)
sometimes?! A lot of people worry me most of the time. Like #Congress! They worry me all the time!
This weekend's podcast: "Movies with Wangs in them!" Tweet us titles of movies with penii in them and we'll discuss 'em!
i bet sitters are especially hard to find on mother's day. we;re there every sunday:) tho not w/shawn:(
. That's definitely a double whammy!
I'll fight 'em all. On the same night. Who else needs to #learntheirlesson? The Rev is calling out all cowards.
Schools & districts use Speak Up data for planning, community engagement & student discussions
Texas u
“: Congrats to and on the big #Giants win.” Thanks. Let's figure out wildcard game watching.
Good morning folks enjoy your day its a beautiful morning to be alive n well
Hehe, actually please can you follow she is 4 from 2,000!!
Weekend comedy radio at www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for the shout out!
your money! I got your electrolytes ready. Need a hand off on Th to get started. Pasta fri night.
#IveNoticedThat the people with the worst grammar are the ones most likely to bash others for not speaking English in America.
MT : Good luck to everyone taking #FoodStampChallengeNYC this week ...you can do it!
#YESmaybe RT : When was the last time the Thunder played? April?
bitch u no I'm a Knicks fan and fuck both of those teams, we know the heat to to the finals
Press release this Mon Oct. 24 at noon regarding the RELEASE DATE, CD RELEASE PARTY, and PERSONNEL on the new album! Get ready folks...
a student just gave me a valentine's day card with base 10 blocks drawn all over it...
*slips into the bushes*
Can't for glee tonight
Hi thank you, yes I do, I love nutrition too.
Watchin cartoon planet on cartoon network
"I love the light for it shows me the way; yet I will love the darkness for it shows me the stars."
I mean, they know Otis Redding wrote "Hard to Handle" right? Or is the cold medicine making me hallucinate?
Can't sleep.
Atta girl love :)
I just now saw this...thank you. I am so very excited. :)
Good morning :] happy mothers day!
I am a good time!
Our fav. family dinner is DIY Tacos! Tortillas, beans, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce & fresh fruit 4 dessert
hey girl hey
Never break 4 things in your life: Trust, Promise, Relation, Heart because when they break they dont make noise but pains a lot.
": My daughter is going to be on Jimmy Fallon tonight! She'll be singing backup for Chromeo. Watch!" Best of luck!!!
Putting my St. Valentine costume together. Anyone know where I can buy a cheap bag of rats?
what's the best roly poly sandwich?
Right now the pool is for guests only but we are hopeful we can open it up in the future!
Images of cathedrals, floor plans w/linked images of interiors, panorama viewer of interiors, view multiple cathedrals at once
: don't you think 1/2 your potential customers are women? Why advertise with woman hater Rush Limbaugh? pull those ads.
Help me out and tell me what places I should go to when I'm in Vegas!
we should include that in our samples :-)
J. Mascis!! RT : Related question: who's the Jamie Moyer of indie rock?
no, I'm from Albuquerque, I'm enchanted
Whose got VIP tickets to see in Indianapolis? This girls!!!
You r definately MY '11 crush!! Wow! So sexy it hurts!
I love them!!! You guys have such amazing senses of styles. :) <3
Its funny how the niggas hating on Boosie, r the ones talking about'em the most...u hate the nigga...but his name is in ur last 10 tweets...
Is it weird that I'm going on vacation in... 2 hrs.. & the thing i'm looking forward to the most is a stiff drink @ Stanfords @ the airport?
I'm still jealous. To have a book out there that everyone knows and kids like to read is just amazing.
Waiting on someone to come. I’m FREEZING. Already had people let go of our boat. :(
dude that already happened
and i aint no retard
Thanks to for their support of You were awesome tonight.
I hear ya, man. lol I has no money either xD
Ringaling!!! Alice? I think thats your name!!! Thanks for following!!! TTYL!!
30% off at today- time to snag those spring pieces you've been oggling, for less!
Someone left their blue horn here.
(cc ) We missed you too!! Glad tomorrow is b&b Wednesday!! Too bad we can't watch pia perform before... too soon?
All heaven is, is a long road to freedom.
A2: Knowledge, observations, experience, ideas, reporting/editing skill all brought to bear working on #USCAnnenberg paper.
#SoFla weather is heating up and so are we! Our #salsabar is calling your name...
no seas chillon!
hi dear followers =)
That's a tough one. I think everyone else in Bexley went to bed two hours ago. Wish I could help, sorry!
RT A shot of sexy Henny to u gentle scoundrels > Classy nite out.
Stay warm and dry on this chilly spring day...join us at Current for our $3/ $4 / $5 food and drink happy hour menu from 5 to 7pm!
Yes, I'm going to listen to the most sad bastard music in the universe. It reminds me of my first love: me.
Just trust your life to be wonderful & it will be
Are there people of legal age? Lol.
FYI, my lovely wife has a great new site, www.TamaraTunie.com. She is also tweeting. Pass thru and check it.
Amazing races. Very emotional in a good way.
Happy birthday
Nice! See you there!
Nick(: Just wanted to say hi even though you won't see this through all your other tweets but here goes...Hii(:
Thanks sososoo much! please give them a shoutout to ! hes not following them yet! they totally deserve him to
lol hell yea
i tried to find the movie on netflix. ): no results! watching How I Met Your Mother though. <3 :3
why do you hate children?
Looking forward to this weekend!! How is the weather looking?
RT : Note: No 'L' reroutes related to NATO events are planned. In fact, we’re adding service and/or capacity, at certain times.
Our pleasure! Enjoy your week...
For anyone who is mad the Browns may trade Colt, get a clue. They obviously drafted Weeden to be the starter, we dont need a QB competition
Yay! Haven't seen one of those for a long time! btw - have a good MACUL confer. Not able to attend but following via web!
thanks for the follow and keep adding value every day.
Weird 'press conference' by TP & Drew Rosenhaus. Why were his father, uncle & others introduced like it was going to be a panel discussion?
Outer Banks?
3 things we are excited for 1. Tailgating with our BFFS 2. Seeing 3. Adding 3 points to our score board
Robert Bryce Semler Is A Goober :p
On a shitty, rainy day you should come to the Highbury Milwaukee for some FREE fondue and fancy drinks.
girlie girl...how u doing today/? whats the wx?
Call mom, no response. Her text: "I'm at a bar w/ friends, call you later?" She's on a business trip, too. So wrong to picture her at a pub.
Make water your new BFF. It's easy to mistake thirst for hunger, so reach for water first when the next hunger pang hits.
thanks for the hashtag
Okay, I really should have listened to her....some people RT to much..*hint hint* lol
WOULD YOU RATHER TWEET ME BACK OR FOLLOW ME? :D
On My Lil Flip Shit...Bitch I Keep It Sucka Free!!!
yeah it was a quote from him. Lol.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (z4c-bn)
and a few more
Trivia challenge!!!! What kind of Motorcycle did previous Governator- Arnold Schwarzenegger ride in Terminator 2?
LA I will be back tues night the 10th I sure miss u city...
: A Black Hawk helicopter has crashed in southern #Afghanistan, likely killing all four of its crew members -- all of them Americans
We are 100% #teamfollowback!! Follow us today!! And be sure to look us up on Facebook!
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
While the bright moon looms we met a mysterious musical fellow beside a crackling fire who introduced himself as Jim Guthrie.
#dbualum, where are you worshipping this morning?
Surely there's a place in Muskogee that serves beer and/or cheese! If not, we should open one!
Let me know how KySTE is...
that makes sense.. You create more conscious theatre goers.
everyone I know who participated in #dare at least tried pot. Not very effective program, waste of money
Let's hear you on some 50 Cent songs homie!!
Please stop it. The thought of him dancing around with chicks to "Moves Like Jagger" still gives me nightmares.
Mad Men.
Tonight's (9/12/11) COUN 5560 Human Sexuality class has been cancelled due to a lack of water in the building.
Clipitz is excited about paris fashion week! Check out our 30" inch hair on the Runway!!!!
Soo u think Madison is the cutest ICONic Boy?,, Same here(: HAhahaaa ./
Got a sample of perfume in the mail and it smells Amazing!!! I Love Selena and now people can smell like her!! <333 :))))
Hope errbody had a great 4th of july, tomorow another holiday so Happy JULY lol
Ha!! I don't play with it at all
Nine mile rd exit to mechanicsville exit........ 30mins....64 w ain't the way to go
Yuck. C'mon
I asked Siri how to get my baby to sleep thru the night and it gave me hotel listings!
So, you me Tammy. What's it like staring into the eye of Satan's butthole?
Why is vertical text alignment for UITextfield not "center" by default, esp with border style of RoundedRect…
I love sleeping in :)
OMG #RobLowe as #DrewPeterson aaaaahahahaha I can't stop laughing
If you like cankles you should be watching the dog show....
Just won 1st place in the Florida Stae Convention stage contest , 2nd in strolling and 3rd in close up. all about the stage for me though!
=) HAD A GOOD DAY YESTERDAY.! THANK YOU LORD ABOVE ME FOR UR BLESSING.! AND LET LIFE GO ON.!
It's Monday once again Milwaukee! Only 3 more hours til lunch! Come by for one of our delicious hand-crafted sandwiches or burgers!
RT : bowl of crisp bacon, lathered in honey, side of blue cheese. Perfection.
": BREAKING NEWS - Sources: Device allowed Saints GM Mickey Loomis to listen to visiting coaches during 2002-04 seasons"
need new headshots for boys time to get serious about getting them working !!
#Fitness Check out Intelliskin, created by Dr. Tim Brown, a new performance apparel focusing on compression & injury prevention.
NLRB Posting Requirement Upheld Deadline is April 30! Order new poster call (800) 824-6885
haha - that's a song I haven't heard since 2001 or so :)
(Yeah, I know Detroit is on the rebound. Doesn't mean that the rest of the country can't poke a little fun still.)
Amy, I, I hear your barefeet on my bedroom floor, but you're not here anymore <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
If you are faced with a problem, don't accept it. Change it.
I feel like I haven't eaten enough cupcakes lately
The Kaiser's up for a few encores of 'The Ten Commandments'.
We are here serving fresh juice, coffee & iced coffed until 1pm. RT“: The market is OPEN. Come one, come all!”
Does it feel like #Friday to anyone else?
i'm late to school, ima go get some McDonald's breakfast <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
And congratulations to your brother - that's quite an achievement!
At the tattoo parlor!!!! Christian is FINALLY getting tatted. Stoked :)
I'm done!
Ace Starry
is playing out of his mind right now.
Wow what an amazing pre-birthday celebration. The bartenders are AWESOME.
good morning :)
Yes, very good to meet you! Hopefully we can hang longer next time :]
Isn't there something about difficulty that is itself generous and rich?
Looking for the needle of insight in this haystack of data.
Twitter > School
I'm trying! It won't work :(
Welcome to Twitter Kristin! #l'EquipeStGermain
true. but they still have open meet & greets now so we need to grab this opportunity as much as we can and hope for the best! :)
is SPJ's 2011 Journalist of the Year! Celebrate with us at awards banquet July 7. www.spjsandiego.org.
liar! I told you that! And I already hung up! (:
It's kinda sad how I forgot this ._.
sorry to all the people who only follow like 50 people i know im blowing up your TL
Thank you #DiscountTireMooresville for coming to my rescue and fixing my flat tire.
lol. At least you didn't lose any.
Thank You!
“: Common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
GO TO THE WASHINGTONS AND DROP YOUR BENJAMINS
I'm so blessed(:
Energy saving tip: Replace or clean furnace filters once a month. Dirty filters restrict airflow and increase energy use.
Boyfriend is amazing!!!!!! :D I'm not gonna lie I was fan-girling during the whole thing.
We all play a game for some personal value, or things like achievements wouldn't work in the first place…
thank you!
Of course I can take a few notes Kate! Looking forward to this one - Thanks for hosting as always Shawn!
The Harlequins are getting deeper and heavier and scary good. For real.
fuck u ass hole Bitch got suck some1s cock Bitch
just got back from a holiday party!
For those making the trip to the SeaPort and don't want to get wet. It's only a $4 dollar cab ride over.
Rushing to alexandria for a hockey game. Stuck in traffic in DC. This is why i hate miscommunication
Gary Sinise is absolutely inspiring!
but im from small town PA, so i apprecoayr my freedom.
She got that aquafina flow
We finally found a car thank you Jesus!
favorite kind of Portland day.
Got nothing to say but damn I'm tired
So fed up. I'm about to be done.
I will soon!!
oh Mets games has classic ads that will make you never want to leave the house again. They're incredible.
govt solicitor just doesn't seem prepared.
We used to go at it at work. You got your fishing hat on since the bulls gone fishing :)
Do this. RT : Limbaugh has 32k followers & the woman he called a "slut" has 8,000 in just 1 day. Follow and RT
Good morning! We have appointments available this morning and afternoon with Mychael and Pinkie. Call now to reserve your spot! 614.447.2600
I totally need to do that. I realize my vmail is a repository for sales calls.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
Going to "Red Carpet Event to Honor the Nominees 2012 SAG Awards" tonight! @ MacedoMusic
When are we going to do the Friends tour?
Wise and mature people never gamble their future or anything they cannot afford to lose!
I'm a reincarnation of Stevie! My side kick is a monkey...check yo self!
we didn't go up, but it was pretty packed. Looks like a good spot to catch the game.
Don't forget to order those flowers for Mom!!!
Up early taking Brianna to Sunday church a school!<U+26EA>
Yeah, I taught Lucroy everything he knows
thanks for the FYI - I confirm the win
Lameness, is you.
#NationalForumOnYouthViolencePrevention: Reentry begins when folks enter not leave prison
And Bynum apparently owns all the paint in that building.
And after a lot of hard work, Japan finally gets their try. Conversion to come
Now that I'm at work, I realize I spelled Joan Osborne's name wrong, but you didn't know until I pointed it out, did you?
aww. Thanks! It was a great excuse to wear
I wish I could go back to sleep at 5am
all the best!! goog luck 0_o!!!
Keep in mind we are a rental service so those batteries have kept hundrads of travelers connected. And I promise...no explosions :)
Keep the shots of orange juice coming...it's gonna be a dreary morning.
Duderstadt: many countries moving to income contingent student loans
"#haveuever loved somebody so much it makes you cry"... hahahaha I had to.
I wanna go to Sounders game. Anyone?
It is immediate and cumulative! Enjoy your weekend! ;)
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Science in the Pub at 7pm, Extreme Heat at 10pm. $5 cover, ladies free! $1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl!
People hate going under my ladder, I tell them it's actually good luck.
Googling bruises and cuts: a sign that a badass movie is about to be made.
Come on baby!!
Do one in Boston!
Cal Ripken has his own brand of beef jerky targeted for sale at minor league parks. Sometimes capitalism is just a lot of weird fun.
your pic looks cool:)
RT : we'll have 2 C if we cn get u 2 do a jazzercise class ths year. > I'm down. How about the GIN BLUE drink we talked about??
Dear Wasps: The Greek yogurt is NOT FOR YOU.
Yes, this is great. We are trying hard to get museums to think about these concepts. We scanned that piece at a local museum.
#VersDoARemix .... It's gotta happen!
We've got a book signing event Sat from 11-1 & then the OT Fall Fest in the eve. Should b a fun filled wkend!
i'll give it a shot
The Heat aren't doing enough..
It's like telling friends what happened in the world.
Well they do cannolis too! Every year they do a 25 cent cannoli sidewalk sale to "show the neighborhood their appreciation"
I only pull out the DF for special occasions these days. My players enjoy the change up.
Haha thank you! (That's what I'm saying. It seems ppl think wegohealth is an overlord prof forcing assignments on them? Le sigh)
#unlv what the hell? stop jacking up threes!
This Smile On My Face Is Everlasting <3
U stopped carin.... So I stop tryin...
ill get u back in, Im running a 1v1 with andre and jpj..
PURPLE PANTS.
drink a bunch of water and you won't...
If I don't stop listening to turn it down, I'm pretty sure the rest of the atoms apart album is going to sound like it
Did you know the hospitality industry in PDX generates more than three billion dollars a year. A new report at 6:30pm
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!
The phrase isn't "Lunch of Champions," It's "Breakfast of Champions" for a reason! Get up and fuel your body for success!
Wheels down ORD
s/o to my favorite underground artist
Yesterday we had 9 member absences but still passed 18 tips. Love the energy!
It is a fun crew...I love it here. How have you been?!
LOL RT : If you missed the #StateOfTheUnion don't worry Obama will say the same again next year, u didn't miss anything
thanks for thw follow!
LOTS of coffee!. longest post i've written. maybe there's somebody out there trying desperately to ignore Mother's Day? perfect.
ATLANTIC DIVISION CHAMPIONS, 1st PLACE IN EAST!!!!
clever. has popup in the lower right corner to inform me of other articles i might be interested in reading.
: thanks to social media, typos make you look like a ego-centric 2nd grader.
Currently Multi Tasking Like Always Cooking & Running My Lil Warriors A Bath...
I'm going to start revisions right away. That's how I roll. No rest.
#motivation "Try, try, try and try again!"
Thanks for all the recent follows everyone. Looking forward to sharing news about the arts at #CUA with all our new friends!
Last full week of bullshit.
We will be there and looking forward to it!
Of course!
Follow back banks
The grassos are fucking great at hurdles
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because the lyrics he writes are amazing and have helped me through a lot.
better bitch!
Me on CQ.com today, behind paywall: Napolitano, Ridge advocate the federal government retaining expanded anti-terror powers indefinitely.
hey thanks for the follow :) have you happened to have checked out our music yet?!
Thx for the follow :)
I just ask, because I'm
Are you judgmental?
I'll be there around 11.. See you
After not nearly enough sleep, it's off to Ralph's in Worcester! m, cheeseburgers!
hit my limit on
I miss marathon monday.
Cant believe summer is around the corner... Where you headin?
Tears don't mean your losing
WAITING....Waiting sucks...
"Have you seen that show Oddities? I think you'd like it. You're the best on SNL."
My head is spinning from all these biz ideas I'm mulling over, trying to figure out my next step. I think I need a mental break!
Right now JaVale McGee is listening to some Drake song about being rich and sad and young and fatuous and being like "I FEEL YOU."
Sure is a pretty day...wish I was actually getting to enjoy it rather than spending all of it in the car!
The Korean Zombie is the man! He chokes out Poirier in the 4th to win the main event of #UFC on
Thanks so much! We appreciate it more than words can say...
I get the best txts from my bae
in what way?
This teacher is ruining my academic credibility. And life. Single-handedly.
Watching #TheVow finally and Channing Tatum is so hot!
awww cammy lol love you too buddy! Game was so fun last night. Let's go on Sunday!!
I'm not sure.
I meant what's up with all the C and E Christians
There aren't many things in life better than a pack of fresh Oreos.
Thanks dude.
Your Valentines Day Concert Is tomorrow! :D
FUCKING BRUTAL #url videos all night.
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Breathless", the French new-wave classic directed by Godard. Starts at 7:30pm
So much ice cream.. Tiny stomach. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> <
haha oo we have something in common (x && o I always fall asleep during that movie 0.0 :$
RT: go rolling out 1080p streaming in next couple of days - via 's
You don't drown by falling in the water. U drown by staying there.
Oh MY, I had forgotten about her. Imagine the calls from the agent. "Honey, it's raining opportunity for a fuggo like you!"
hey u grew up in dg?
Congrats for a solid round and the victory!
Now the Niners have only a 2nd-year QB that has yet to play a full game. Who's dumber-the #Niners or #PeytonManning?
Thanks for organizing such a great pitch competiont!
You're welcome my man.
so true. Its time that the body truly be the body and come together. Its like nobody heard of "Divide & Conquer".
And.. our diet begins today. bye dairy. bye meat.
That is why being an intuitive like I am, I have always had a block with Astrology! Nothing is in Stone!
Almost 1 week away- "High Performance Branding for the Modern Age" event on 11/10 @ UM Cosford Theater w/ #VSApartners. #Students are FREE.
It has been a great morning :-) Congrats to you, too!
There's so much more...anything at all, really.
I ain't gonna lie he's a handsome white boy:)
since when did Oklahoma City get a team? and who still watches the nba? do they still have drawn out playoff series? whos this labron guy?
which photo on Facebook?
“: good luck tonight baby cakes, your gonna kill it <U+E328>I will miss you tonight at dance! #DAB” thx girlie! Xoxo
I mute Finn and Rachel and Finn/Rachel together. And Santana. And Blaine. And Klaine. Basically it's a silent movie.
We can get a swarm badge but we can't get a trending topic?! Too busy grabbing their use once and forget #totebags I guess.
. I teach juniors, but the juniors I am working with WONDER will be those who typically have difficulty with ELA classes.
Tyler is too funny
I love you Justin <3
Hi, Sid! It's been so long since we've chatted. Hope all is well!
Checking out the new library. It's pretty nice. Shouldn't have biked here without gloves though. Hands are like ice.
Stop down today for a hand crafted cocktail and the 2pm tour!
thanks for following. Need some advertising?
umm well she needs to get going! And that is true!
"Mixing testosterone and oil can be dangerous. "
Thanks for the RT Michelle!
Yep. ": Amen RT : "In order to write about life, first you must live it!" Ernest Hemingway"
i wish i could be as happy as my dog is chewing on a soggy, candy-cane shaped bone.
earnheardt/carson motorsports(race team) new for 2012 more to come two weeks!
Just a taaasssstttee tight on the breast area tho.
Half day of treating patients in the OR. Going to pickup Illy coffee at
so true... it would be a miracle if they pull it off.
yes, BigOven! Http://www.bigoven and on your favorite app store...
Tommy Streeter said he's been training with Ray Lewis since being drafted
hahaha. Yeah that fire sound like a good time!!
thank you Andre. I love you!
Off work in a quarter of an hour minutes.. For u slo ppl 15 mins lol
... The website used to have a page listing out all of the training videos ... Where did it go?
5% off all electric strikes today at Fairfax Electronics. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code: 7531
11:11 don't be a dick this time lol
Jenkins over Hill and Randle? Wow.
You're a male SLP when you're the only guy allowed to be invited to a baby shower
Wish I had this 10 years ago - great tips!
haha. I wonder if bobby scouted this kid on his phone? Lefty, righty? Does bobby know?
yer but sometimes it realy sucks:[
How are you drinking a sierra mist if it's in the kitchen?!!
at my house coolin
Nope, hockey fan so taking my boys 2 game. Might even hang out with if he lets me.
an ad for VSU; he was holding an olden-time photo
ya man! he has, its good for him
i hope my mom gives me my phone back soon this is my friends ....ps keep up the good work :D
#redbox movie nights are the best! They just make more "cents" :)
Audition Tip: Plan where you’ll breathe in your audition song. You don’t want to run out of air in the middle of a word.
Wondering what it would take to get Ron Artest his own reality tv show
when you deliver, we'll have all the bases covered.
iot and thanks :]
Thanks, Justin! It was our pleasure!
How did people survive the wait?!
I agree with Maria
Whisper sweet nothings to God in this atmosphere: You are worthy; We lift you up; you're exaulted above all in my life.
Follow me and follow we follow back. --
Just read 's ACEN blog posts. Purely magical! What an honor to model for AP! It made me happy reading it ^^
#BeforeIWasADirectioner carrots were just another vegetable
let ya body go
Come on Crawford!!! Unbelievable
Jesus. That was nuts.
#Melo is struggling right now but Smith and Fields are stepping up! Gotta keep that going till Melo gets his shot going!
been working on some new tunes. will upload soon
Cleared off my student shelf in the library...then filled it up again with references for what will hopefully be my first scholarly article
Congrats to for 10 million users and counting!! Are you using it?! RT if you are!! Thanks!!
John P. Kee " Standing in the need of Pray"
Well, thank you very much.
Hopes the middle class allegedly fleeing city from homeless come to the council mtg (2nite 6:30 Municipal Building Rm 260) to support Occupy
still think stark is the man tho :)
That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting, and you're just like "WTF DID I JUST WRAiTE?!?!
my deepest sympathies go out to his family and friends
who wants to come up with a customized plan to book the kind of acting jobs they really want??
And of course, we harmonize to longer terms instead of shorter...why? Political convenience instead of actual benefit to public?
Relocating to Albuquerque or the surrounding areas? I can help with any housing questions you may have.
- Yes think his the best pure passer, pure PG in college, Looks to pass first. Hope my Knicks pick him up. Need other PG!!
I'm a big fan of , but sleep or not, she will never be normal.
Internet Archive moved from Selenium to PhantomJS for automated QA.
same. Happy. :)
They have kicked us off the streets and onto sidewalk. WTF:
Excellent meeting with today. is very optimistic with plans for , trademarks, and branding.
Thanks for the follow LaEsmeraldaBakery (LaEsmeraldaBkry)! :)
Bitch It's Problems Solve Em If U Got 1
Spankings will likely be in order.
If you're free tomorrow, we have a few spots left, so come on down to even if you didn't register.
I am on here on FB, texting, talking on the phone and listening to music lol all at once wby?
Happy Arbor Day Milwaukee! Go hug a tree today!
David Stern suits up for the Spurs and goes 0 for 17 with a flagrant and a technicality.
Hi Sophia! We're so sorry to just be getting back to you. We have not yet filled the AE position.
hm that was not the feeling I got at all. *shrug*
all I'm saying is if you fight with a cop, you're kind of taking your chances.
... go to the front desk at the hotel and ask for Gerald. He is there after 5 pm tues-sat.
Lol, inever clean my room unless asked to by my mom, or if im lonely
Consumer affairs analogy "We get to follow the horses in the parade and clean up their mess"
I don't know why, but I love your name.(: Haha & congrats on #40KPsanderettes !!<21 :D
#BradNessler said West Virginia was "another school from Virginia" last night.. Dude?! Seriously?!! We've been a state for a while now!
Still learning bird speak but I think I can safely say this whole thing is tweetalicious (and healthy). www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
All I know is my Facebook post of it, plus my subsequent 8 posts analyzing it, got a total of 32 comments (excluding my 15).
Concentrate on rain-maker activities. Randy Gage
Thanks for the blues reference - you are certainly a peach!
Actually, I got all of the terms from a boker glossary I found with Google!
How can u not love the #Nuggets ? Through all that stuff for the birds #GeorgeKarl still has those boys ballin every night earning respect.
See, and you wondered what I was waiting for.... ta-dah! #National Chocolate Chip Day
Is it me? Marketing companies are burning out social media. It's turn into a modern day pop-up window. Slow your roll son!
wow I hope it is not true.
Hi Kat, Thanks for the follow!...the demos are supposed to be ready in a couple of more weeks...
Yes indeed. And an alum of the office too!
Way cool Nice set up
A cup of coffee and some country music suddenly made today a lot better.
Orchid Fest begins Sat. Learn more about orchid care, see spectacular orchids in bloom & visit w/our experts! Nov 5-13 $3
Damn security guard...
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn HER car is parked in HIS driveway. #wtf? <U+E42E>
Today: Music for Flute at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. 12:15-12:45. Music by Burton, Calquhoun, and Copland.
Saw them a few years ago!! Have fun!!
SuperMoon and Cinco de Mayo. What a combination!
Why does our school always smell bad.
I just crushed some McDonald's chicken nuggets w/ spicy buffalo sauce : )
Last day of the English season! One more game game ManCity an your champs after 44 years without one!
bf was watching couch while person who owned it moved away. now she wants back. side note- the couch was in tree of life.
i was just looking at your tumblr, how do you add music to the backround for your blog? btw i love it<3
MYSELF AND A COUPLE UNIDENTIFIED CRIMINALS RT : says who tho?
DailyHookahTip#70: Hands-down BEST hookah innovation of 2011- Mystique Hookah Ice Hose Tip Can't live without it.
you will happy birthday too please!!
The "slight edge" is what compels us to move forward toward self-improvement - progress". :) Go For It..:)
If I got drunk with #oomf it would be over lol.
that must have been a very busy weekend!!
Robert Shiller #bigideas make a NEW type of mortgage, one that has an embedded automatic workout feature
I know from previous years that half of the bags full of smelly middle schooler clothing will end up left at the library.
Flying so high so high destination every where i gota finda a way to get where you r you r
#edchat I always tell my teachers to make sure there classroom is an environment you would want your own kids to be in!
Just get them out to a game and they will start singing along with you! :)
CHARISMA! Fuck swag
the text #oomf just sent me made me sad.. merpp, I need to go back to texas!
Louisville meets new ozone standards, with a little luck, EPA says - Louisville Courier-Journal
To the entire Glee Family Thank You for such beautiful performances tonight! & Ian Brennan & Ryan Murphy
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What are you doing to celebrate? Have fun and be safe!
I know its gonna hurt me, but its the probably the best thing for me and my feelings.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps is trending. So I'm running with it. I could on for hours. But I won't.
Bargain Hunting: 7 to Follow Check out these Twitter feeds for daily discounts and frugal living tips.
"you're J Walter Weatherman the one armed man who used to scare us as kids and one time as an adult."
mine did. guess its cuz im a scorpio haha. ugh that fucked me up.
Head out tonight to BRINK ORLANDO for SIZZLING SATURDAY, Ill be spinning in the disco starting at 10. Free cover w/ GRINDR app and OPEN...
#iveprettymuchdecidediwanttogotoanartuniversity I don't like traditional school. I don't want a desk job.
RT : A buildup of toxins in the blood is thought to trigger cellulite. Get rid of cottage cheese thighs by eating kale, collards...
Yes! I think it went okay...I hope lol! How did your week turn out?
Thank you! Will keep you in the know!
oh damn!
ok dude im back from mexico ugh finally
Sometimes you have to do bad things for good reasons. And sometimes, you do bad things for no reason at all.
Thank you. (insert naughty thought)....(insert smile) lol.
Nice logo!
Out of sweet vermouth--there goes my plans for a Manhattan!
Sticking snow in downtown
That's the name of the game.
Those amazing moments when the teacher don't come (:
get some Jimmyts bbq there. Best sauce in the world
Why must the bcc always interview the craziest/stupidest Americans?
can u tag me in some of the pics from lastnight jesus!! lol
it's more like headsplode
Join us for brunch today!
thanks for the insight!
great book for musicians "the art of learning" by Josh Waitzkin
I'll talk more about it later but attendees would be wise to check out DETROPIA ..it's kinda wonderful
Looking forward to a busy week ahead...lots of work to do!!
Ok so I was looking at my iTunes, and I noticed that Mi Amor is the most played song. You are truly amazing! (;
Huge accident between FMN and Cuba. Traffic is at a stop.
Lees Summit
you should follow me
I just saw a girl dancing to Hood rat Hood rat hoochie moma
Closing in on 3,000 followers on twitter. How about you UK members of #TeamOtenki help us out and tell yours friends to follow us?
Would love to connect, share ideas at Ewomen and learn about your yummy sounding stuff! I am a closet foodie!
#LetsGoNets they are killing it!<3
Work flow! Almost done with the day
damn it feel good out side...
I think I need some #homebase tonight
Heather: "We could do indoor skydiving!" Me: "No! I've seen Scooby Doo before and they almost died doing that!" :O
Well they probably told her uncle they cant come
OH yay the makeup scientist. Amazing work! It was a pleasuring meeting you! Peace & Love!
You'll get through it! Promise! Is it feeling better?
my grandpa is the promotor for the ks show, i am helping him
Leaving my window open so I can hear the rain? Yeah perfect night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2764>
After a long weekend of shooting the film is in the can! Lets hear it for the cast and crew of BR!
Ya like spit gum! RT : girls that constantly have to have male attention are ridiculously pathetic to me. dr...
In my opinion, The Housemartins are what is needed this morning. And coffee.
So, Reggie Watts is supposed to be funny or some type of musician, right?
Thx for the chat! Looking forward to your Keynote Presentation at the #2012LUC!
Not feeling any better really... :(
My dog and I just had a starring contest.. She won >.>
How big of a D-Bag do you have to be to chant "Let's go Yankees" at an away spring training game?
thank u 4 sending the link ;)
- Thank you very kindly! Have a beautiful day.
Severe Weather in Area :: Severe weather in the Dallas area--Please be alert!
the punk rock retrospective or the tv series?
Happy New Year from Hong Kong!
Would've been nice if this had shown up in my feed earlier. Jeez, Twitter. Anywho, I made choc chip and cheesecake cookie doughs.
tonight was his ninth
What are your plans for the Cinco de Derby tomorrow?
Never cliche. Have you seen Crazy Stupid Love? My word.
One man's junk is another man's treasure...
yeeaah that's why I have no idea how it goes :'( I'm screwed lol
That's epic. Where's the photo?
Gearing up to give up pasta for a month by eating all the pasta in the house.
Art Producer/Content Director wanted for a A developer based in the UK, For more information contact .uk
So let me get this straight Cottenelle, I am supposed to name the toilet paper and fresh poop wipes combo? That is your promotion? Ok...
Don't forget about our Tea and Cake Book Signing at Warwick'sTuesday, October 25th at 4:30pm!
I should be home late afternoon. Want to swing by later?
#ndpl NYPL's "what's in the menu" is brilliant! Crowd source creation and translation. Well done ! Engagement wins again.
globalliving.org you can donate to the Japan earthquake & tsunami relief fund and again Red Cross txt 90999 to donate $10 from your phone
“: please tell me how "regional coverage" for Omaha is the Yankees vs. the Tigers in Spanish?” they are doing for me
King and Titus remind the Ants that they're the next challengers for those belts. All bets are off starting next week.
I think my fave line was "you're lucky I'm not a drug addict". I know other spoiled kids using similar logic.
Thank you! We are looking forward to working with such an honest and compassionate Collective like B&T Collective!
I added back episodes of Big Bang Theory. :)
Watching family feud.
Just got a call on my work phone, a guy from NY doing genealogy wanted to know if we were related. I have a very common last name.
I'm gonna shoot myself in the face because of this boredom. No one is awake to talk to, and if they are they aren't sober.
2 outs, 2 strikes, dan Johnson hits HR for rays- first hr since April 8!
Little known fact: is actually in both of those profile pics.
It's not a real project unless you go to Lowe's at least 4 times in one day.
True! News often sensationalizes & labels according to fads or current events w/o drawing from the underlying history
Thank you for asking them to turn the music down. :)) xx
Rats. found just as . . . the Bronx Zoo's Cobra was found. A few days late, hope she keeps tweeting.
lol..drum roll
I believe that that flipping the calendar to May will end the need to scrape off my car every morning.
You're welcome!
Just took some rather risky photos in my empty office on the orders of a playmate. Yikes! Hope there are no hidden cameras!
Speaking of Isaiah, happy early birthday babe. <3 He turns 19 on the 3rd. :D Say happy birthday. :D
Glad to hear you were able to make it and take part in this critical discussion!
yes I have...don't worry we are working on one ;) haha
RT : Omg im cringing these guys are killing each other.
#FridayReads THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Eric Morgenstern
If I claim to not be a fan of Tom Cruise, why do I own so many of his movies?!
(If I die today john) #YMCMB I'm listening 2 it I love that song with all ma heart
i miss edge
Don't you find it odd when some people at first glance just impress you? What impresses me is humility...and other things.
Yeah, it's totally normal to have a random emotional breakdown at the Rite-Aid counter. Amirite?
I think Chris Matthews is playing the SNL version of celebrity Jeopardy
yes! how long did it take you to finish it? .. 30 seconds? a minute? lmao
Call the major banks. They should have a notary available for you.
Sounds like: manifold/manyfold. The mani-version means "having many forms" and the many-version means "by many increments."
Hey Brian we out on NW side today 56th and Georgetown near PNCBank till 3p
If anyone has Heath Bell on their fantasy team, seriously drop him now.
You'll probably need the valium!!
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths." -Arnold Schwarzenegger #occupygym...struggle is acceptable.”
teaching the boy to ride a bike. not a bad effort for a first try. made great strides.
Happy New Years!
tomorrow! But birthday week began last night!
RT Visual Acoustics intro by Jakob Trollback is... Incredible.
10th may 2012 will be auctioning a SIGNED #CoronationStreet Sign on ebay - raising money for Kyran & RT!!!!!
Smokin on dat green bay same ar in a quarterback like green bay
U R MISSED! RT 1st time I've had a hard time watching Saints! I've missed my guys on GameDay but tonight I'm dying to be w/em!
Still, I''m sure I'll regret not having a numpad, or a big screen, but I'll trade them for <4 lbs travelling weight.
RT : Congrats on the show We have to invite you to cover our next ATL < Thanks! & Definitely let us know when
Wall St's "Europroblem is our problem" sell-off continues. Dow DN 100 pts in early going.
- check out our exclusive custom order human hair extensions
Glad I stopped watching after the 10th.
I Love ICONic Boyz. Im An ICONic Girl!(:
and when you're searching nothing shows up!
David Guetta in full blast
I would follow you, but you blocked me. RT : OK guys this is the real me. Please do not follow the parody accounts of me.
If you are far from the enemy, make them believe you are near
RT: If she stands up to u without being intimidated truly sees YOU for who u really are & calls u on ur bullcrap #ThatsHonestLove"
Oh what up ? I'm gonna spend my Sunday with you if that's cool?
You need both: blog for SEO and newsletter for lead nurturing -- also, capture leads on the blog and nurture with the letter.
Speaking if which, , did the Easter Bunny bring you any peeps?
We misschu too!
Nick Collins just ripped Jay Cutler a new asshole. Hopefully Cutler can get payback during the season.
thanks for waking me up jerk.
I simply wanted to tell you - You're #MomEnough. Have a wonderful weekend with your family.
it's 2012, even little African kids have Toms
has it right: Put the brakes on transit cuts!
Just wrapped up a free kid swim at the #YMCA with Dillon. Never seen so many Dads in the water. Moms not bathing suit ready in Dec! lol
Thank you so much for the RT!
yet you swear to not have a spec of ghetto in you. lmaooo
you're in a bit of a #transition. It will be ok.
Camping at Mcdonalds, waiting for my ride.
I wish! Going to Cape San Blas w/my inlaws. Diving in Panama City Beach!
where???? Must watch.
Fly me to the moon!
Omg this effing movie is making me sick Im done #NW Dead Silence
what's your 'hood? I am a post-motorist as well ;)
Getting ready to learn about C3 vs. Dewey
ohh and tell j.o.n I said hi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
NOTHING MUCH , I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ME CUZ YOU SEE THESE CAPS (:
haha you troll the fans, but I don't blame you there is a bunch of idiots a bunch. I guess for some of them it
Wow, 9 years. Thats a crazy long time for a contract, for anyone. Props to the big man for getting exactly what he wanted.
Have a water or mold issue at your property? Call DKI Restotech for a free estimate. 702-664-6910. Your 24/7 EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM!!!
Q6 RSS (Google Reader), Twitter, Facebook, and (every once in a blue moon) listservs
the Technical on Teague was equally horrible. I believe it all came out right in the end though
When you Succeeded you get such a great feeling.
America needs her morals back.
Have fun tonight!
Daily Dose of Goodness: When filling out who to notify in case of an emergency, I always put "DOCTOR." What's my mother going to do?
Increased range of motion in my ankle!
tuesday...flannagans. You in??
whhhaat why would you say something like that? we have an awesome video to make!
I thought we was spose to go together -___-
Today's the last day of "Child Abuse Prevention Month." Big Thanks to for raising awareness 24/7!
You seem to always be eating!
non-stop busy
I texted him. then i forgot we dont talk anymore. oopss.
Thank you!!!
Multiply it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you'll still only have a glimpse of how much I love you.
Rude ass!
Road trip with Kiara
lol all the way in Atlanta?!?
Hi Zak, my mother and I want to connect with my grandfather. Do you have any ideas on how to get a Voice Box? Would really help
Another way to connect with #THATCamp colleagues: setting up THATCamp groups on Linkedin. just search in groups to add.
Hey I want my newsletter back!
i miss my facebook so much right now, why did i delete that?
Crazy night in #EastCobb! Dinner party al fresco til the #tornado. Missed us by less than a mile. Hope nobody was hurt!
How long was the treacherous drive home?
Have you ever noticed how beautiful our community is at night!? Thumbs up for #nightLife!
The ups and downs of a relationship....that what makes it stand the test of time....
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
is not! i'm kicking his patootie!
congrats on the buy, but please don't beat like you used to do to the entire NBA
new week, new adventures...Bring it ON!
I read BBC, CNN, Al-Jazeera, DemocracyNow! every day, plus NYTimes if I can. And I'm not gonna lie, I'm a Libcom forum junkie
great story!! Rufus is Beloit's second favorite native son...behind me of course! Ha. Texting while driving to MPLS?
come see us in SD!
": Christmas! I hope u finally got an I Pad!.see you in a few weeks!" Merry xmas! I did get one. See u soon
Improbable research: the Sherlock Holmes effect: Or, why you can't rely on investigative tricks when you study t..
. Mike, thanks. The 4/26 issue has been delivered, but I would expect online access to persist till actual date
That's what we find RT : high growth tech companies suck cash - fast growth takes money -
My Baby sister just made me change my profile picture!! Hha that does not work for her.. But it worked :(
Lol gift cards are a good choice, if theres a game that I want chances are I have it. PARENTS ARE LEARNING!
You definitely should!! :)
That would also explain what feels like twice the number of commercials from last year's game. Not that I'm complaining.
That's not nice:(
Spoke too soon.
The new MapMyRide is really nice! Love the voice updates.
Ah, finally! Gorgeous :) And you have a new Tumblr follower ;)
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be safe, have fun, & make sure you have someone who can bail you out.
I know, I'm a lit prof, and to some, I don't "make" anything either (a mistaken impression), but I am not betting on
Maybe just maybe you'd get it if I told you. But you probably wouldn't so I won't bother.
4 yrs ago 75% of resources to developing countries was official development assistance. Now 87% is private capital.
I've been in the same place lately, I think "split" is gonna become the new norm ;)
amen brother.
Thanks for the follow! We're looking forward to seeing you at #Stage773 !
Thanks to Charlie Byrd, the Bossa Nova stole America's heart - Washington Times
Got mouths to feed? Economical food program - order deadline this Sunday- delivery on Aug 28 - pick a SD site near u www.thetreasurebox.org
I don't really care about charity or karma. Let's be real.
#collegehoops let the madness begin! Go #ucla. Much love to #wooden rip to one of the greatest #coaches ever.
u ful of shit why cant be with drake?
Who wants to text me :D
When you buy buttermilk for red velvet cake, use the rest in pancakes, waffles, mashed potatoes, or avocado cucumber soup!
Hope you have a great today<33(: Love you! Xox<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
what's far to you?
At a work party at Rock Bottom. It pains me to watch these people pour beer so very poorly. Like I wanna kick them out and do it for them.
At this point, "Never Say Never" is bullshitting it a bit.
<U+2665> Change of plans due to severe storms were in the hotel today so no down town Nashville :( but I understand where there coming from <U+2665>
I know it's totally stupid... pffff.. Am I the only one who did?
That's not how you spell not. ;) ": ": Say it lound" that's mot how you spell loud ^_^"
Timing hates me :(
Good morning Ori! Love the video for #High. Such an amazing song. Hope all is well
lol I just thought about it now kuz I had plans for the weekend but they just might have to be canvelled -.- but ill let u kno
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. ~Bob Hope
Things are heating up inside the Women Build house! Sledgehammers and dust flying! Orioles Wives are getting it done!
we all get the emails at the same time ... I was hoping you had not bought them yet
nothing like a vanilla latte from Starbucks, on a really stormy&cloudy day. It just hits the spot(:
Is it too early to miss a quirky Math teacher? Don't think so.
I don't care how you spell it. I'm saying swaggie.
says the weakest kid I know
you can see me at your back now...
You own my heart he just renting
Hmm, we told the tree elves to lay off the magic. But they never listen.
- Review is in: #JuicyLucy was delicious! A #Kissmas Miracle I finished that behemoth
I despise stupidity!!
a #THIRSTTRAP is a pic that tempts people to show the thirst.. And how real it is!!
"Leadership is practiced not as much in words as in attitude and in actions." - Harold S. Geneen.
I gotta pay more attention to my friends on FB. Who are you??
lmfao when its been that long, yess!
#business litigation. Delay is the enemy of justice and costs our society billions in unnecessary legal costs.
#ICantStandPeople who are conceited.
Switched at Birth :)
What's the deal about the Sabathia/Price matchup? I am better than both of them
just chilling! I'm SUPER tired because I went to D.C today!!! You? (:
I am a very lucky person! :-)
Dear summer, hurry the fuck up.
Kindle Fire Clear Screen Protector 2-Pack with Cleaning Cloth by Marware - Lifetime Warranty
Also, please follow who can help w/any other question or concerns you may have. You can DM us there as well ^CH
hey based god pass the bag of chips!
I'd say it's time ! ! For Punk Rock! Alternative ! Skate Punk!
Fun day kinda
Thanks for the mention! Peace!
I put my hand on my heart. That I means I feel ya
You either with me or against me. I don't like snakes, so I kill them quickly as they reveal theyself.
No matter how much advice you give anyone, only they can take action to make change themselves.
Free knot
hi Diery!Hope everything is going great.I will see you soon at Moody's scolarship.I am in the City till end of March.Ciao!
": Someone come over" okk.
could Niall drink at the age 18 or thats just the uk age
in awe! Reading and writing actually paid off!
Something she ate maybe? Or perhaps a little bug or car sick.. I just hate when little ones are sick..
I used to get migranes. Sucked. About one every three weeks. Funny I stopped getting them when I left the Star-Telegram. Hm
Can you start a tweet attack?:] I beg!!:D
my internal clock is set to useless.
excuse not to move him quicker to majors and start his major league clock?
...and to have had the opportunity to love her in return. After a long and happy life, she passed away today.
Finally in route to da beach no thanks to coming atchyaaa
Open computer lab, computers available, librarian on hand to answer questions, Thur April 26, 10-Noon, Platteville Public Library,...
I'm going to donate and just name the new dorm "the new dorm" officially
QB Brock Osweiler funny: got so many texts after drafted he just looked at them this AM. 1st one was from #18 "Oh shoot, Peyton Manning"
STAT STAT STAT STAT
bye! merry Christmas eve!!
June and Body Month are coming to an end. Check back here to be the first to know about our July specials!
Cant wait till the play is over and i get to work again!
Its 2012... When did race become an issue again? Especially with the gays?
Grand Opening of Cielo on May 18. RSVP to to get on the guest list.
it was really bad when I had too.
Excited! : Experts in our summer issue
"Some people have more money than common sense" You can say that again!
Has Baron Davis had 1 good game this whole season?
Thanks brother!
Jcrossover sure can ... Cross over...lol
Would be cool to see Hartford Ohio local win Daytona 500, we will see!
This would happen.
If your a fan of #Bargello, tomorrow is its last day.
just had a great meeting about series... One more meeting, pack, dinner, then off to Bozeman and CALI. KILLER-CALI....
Another full day of HTML/CSS/jQuery wrangling. Time to celebrate
thanks for rubbing it in Douglas
will sleep soundly knowing that my 2008 tax audit is now behind me. Whew!
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
How was your Fourth of July??
Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
#breadlineproductions please email me for an audition!!
nice choice!!
Audio Addiktion will be reviewing Stryper this Friday at Santa Fe Station! *Getting ready for the "Yellow and Black Attack! "..lol*
In deep thought..
cool what did you see? :)
and UW cld have cared less then, knowing theyd never face him
You always deserved it! ;P I still don't understand how a dean who's so personally engaging could give SUCH boring speeches...
that's what Josh calls him! Haha
i just love spending time with my cousin alex and her son
Feel sry for that child on time magazine. 10 yrs from now. Oo the teasing. Smh
i've been using for about a year and i LOVE it. best journal app I've found and I am a die hard journaler :)
I guess I'm going to bed..
I'm ready for "miserable weather", if that means steady, gentle, cool rain and clouds SE of Chicago RT Miserable weather outside.
Little one is eating one of her dad's button ups...I should stop her........*turns back to TV*
Great speaker! RT : Speaking to 270 CPA's @ FICPA'S health care conf in Orlando as the key note luncheon spkr. Should be fun!
Mark Towns #Psychedelic #Mambo #Jazz Mon 6/27 @ Oyster House
hi jasper!
like night and day...lifestyles of the ricos y famosos...and dicey bjs...lol!
Crack is wack , Get Coke & Go Broke !
Go ahead leap year babies, lap up all the attention your getting. No one is going to remember your birthday for the next 4 years.
I'm good, but what's wrong?!
Check out these audio clips www.freekshowradio.com
Get ready to #THUNDERUP once again tonite.... on the path to the ring !
RT : There's still time 2 talk 2 us re mobile apps for your library that r easy & affordable. booth 1606. Great...
The DPotA actually likes pretty much everyone.
Why y'all lose in the chip
RT : There are no mistakes, no coincidences. All events are blessings given to us to learn from.-Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
All you Moms and Dads out there should read Free Range Kids. It will lighten your worrying load!
Opening game of the 2012 #MLB season is already over and it's not even 9 am CDT yet! #Mariners beat Oakland 3-1 in 11 innings in Tokyo.
"Be thankful for work, for it means you live." ~ Elisha Hale
Finally laying down, and it feels so good.
What do you do!? lol
Hope you feel better soon! Good luck this week. Go Tigers!
I know.
thank you!
GoodOle Ric Flair Paid a little vist to the Clubhouse today!The 1st thing i Said to him "forGods sake, man, put your pants on! & he laughed
#ThatMomentWhen someone moves their bag so you can sit next to them on the bus.
And if you weren't quite awake, #12ntc hired a marching band to help.
email my assistant, , and she'll send you an email whenever i'm in the area
why pretend like i cant be patient pretend like its alot of time i aint waiting pretend like its all worth it or is it just wasting more.
yes. new tosh.
He turns a desert into pools of water...And there he lets the hungry live.~Psalm 107:35,36
LOL.... I GOT A BIG ASS MOUTH ASK JE'NATHAN
": Please don't apologize 2 me when u find out my son is autistic.i didnt give u my apologies when I realized u were stupid!!!!!”.
Caps or Rangers?
i think Ken did that?
While setting my alarm, I'm thinking "thats way too early"
Can't believe that the is next week! Good luck to all the competitors!
I thought my work on Prometheus was finished, but nope! Hooray for International trailers!
I'm really enjoying the calm before the storm.
govts+wealthy+bigbiz =HOUSING SOLUTION. ends #homelessness. (solution to end usa #homelessness math)
Cheers to our Life-Support Japan coordinators:
Oh they are? Once Caitlin smuggles me into California we can meet :]
thanks so much!!
#HappyFriday!! Remember the deal we have going on!! Tweet "discount" and receive 50% your next single session!!
There's some little corner of your life where you can make an improvement today. Take the opportunity to do so.(So true)
I like our Draft,we got a Darren Sproles type back for Ben,this kid is greased lightning for the Gators,but as you say I know.Aug
haha, thank you. I miss the term 'Fit'. I lived in London for a while. But everytime I hear it, it reminds me of 'The Streets' :D
Retweet For A S/O :)
I will say this about Kevin Smith: the man sure can talk a lot...about himself.
What? Hit me up before lunch next time. Have a great day guys.
u boutta be able to perform the 19th w/ me?
wish I was going with you
I don't know who is either
lol yep it's official now. :) and wonderful too
fat guy in the class thinks he needs to teach the professor because he's 30
agreed and #natgas is there!
Make that 2 batters too long
You know it boo thang. ;)
haha mine wasn't either I was all sweaty before cause I went to the club lol and I wanna see em too! Maybe she's busy? Lol
What we was talking bout lol RT : about?
RT if you remember the time when #MalikMonday was trending every monday.
don't hate on comfort. sometimes you dont need to look good.
Who is in Okc and likes Dick Dale? (as in the pulp fiction theme song)
tragically, he never did..
": I miss my gwenny." Miss ya too
makes me sick to my stomach bro-
You are more then welcome...
What a #BEAUTIFULDAY to sit by Lake Cabernet for a #GlassOfWine. Cheese, Crackers, and Truffles too. See you soon. Cheers!
I'm not sure WHY they were talking about it but that's what they determined. :) Thanks for reaching out. <3 your museum!
Coming off 4 consecutive weeks of going 2 for 3 heading into week five's #taketheover picks...It's looking like a 66.6% trend...not bad!
Hope everyone is having a fantastulous weekend so far. :)
Just saying i looked awesome in my wheel chair in health today
I don't think it says "We're awesome you should come here." But then again, it's Rosslyn, so can one say that with a straight face?
I love working, but if I did this it would poison and cheapen my brand. Money isn't everything plus Wife ain't having it!
good morning from the dirty south.
Partially melted Snickers are just easier to eat.
LOVE!! RT : RT : You can't teach passion, it's contagious. #nsd2012 // amen!
Friday! Getting a few new posts ready for this afternoon. In the mean time, what are in your weekend plans?
Good morning tweets! Another hot one today. Going to finish my morning running then hit the gym! Have a good one.
Hey #lasvegas next time around let's pass on #electricdaisycarnival ok?
life-long-learning - a key component - bringing people into library for reasons beyond reading
Does anyone know someone who can do finger waves ?
I'm stupid! I know this because everyone tells me so!
Clearing out Spam folder. OK with all of the singles and viagra ads but "Free gift with AARP membership"? Not ready for that!
they call me superman
!!!!!! RT : Just give a Nike contract already...
yeah I feel good
I can't wear fake jordans
Why tf is Macadabre at my door?
Barack: "I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addresses the media."
S/O to my girl ! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW! #TeamFollowBack ™
Nobody can ever say or tell me that they're after success, but yes "Scraps will do"
and whiten those chompers
Are you guys still opening a store in Kingstowne/Alexandria, Virginia? I thought it was supposed to be this year. No?
We're looking into it!
Early drive time for my meeting at 8. 430 am wake up time is redic.
New music automatically makes your day 100% better. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
You nasty as hell lol RT <-----is sitting on the toilet! Waiting for shit to happen...literally.
Congratulations to Vanessa Hidalgo in "Culebra" - Best Actress In A Short Film" - Method Fest - and all festival winners and nominees!
That's really interesting. My Mom is getting one for her bday. She's very excited.
Joe Jonas Is Perfect you are perfect because you are fearfully and wonderfully made in God's image! Don't mind the haters.
are you on the east coast?? Cuz I'm on the west and I'm just about to go bar hopping
Are you still believing Memphis? Update that dang avatar.
Dude, that sucks. Sorry to hear.
If I were Gingrich I'd say the wife question was a despicable distraction from the national debate.
Just saw what u tweeted me 4 days ago #awk I still wanna see the pic though!
Proceeds from the Indiana AIDS Walk benefit care coordination sites like The Damien Center in Indianapolis. www.damiencenter.org for more.
Not WSET- Court of Master Sommeliers!
Pool day with :)
hahaha. Love it. Oh, the memories at the old office.
hey! Imma blonde
Instability begets instability begets instability."
If Bon Jovi Really Got Shot Through the Heart He'd Be Dead
Read it. Tells you how much of a prick Chevy became post SNL
First coffee after a week with the flu. Its like a cup of gold infused with terror.
haha you could be the Rick grimes of the indies killing "yarders"
Rumors circulating that the Flood in #Omaha might force the #CWS to be played at
If you like thinking about how technology influences museums influences people follow
its cold but at least it's sunny!!
I dug it, not to spicy, bitter dark chocolate, yummy!
Binked a Trifecta in the 7th at Santa Anita.
Charlie Manuel suspended 1 game stemming from on-field incident in 8th inning of Tuesday's game. Manuel will serve suspension tonight.
Sounds good, I know will all be there!
Goodnight friends
Please stop for this account.
Thanks a bunch for the love!
#lillianaugust so cool - love it!
Young, Wild & Free <3
Isn't that stupid? Pipeline was a no-brainer & potus got it wrong.
Inconsistent home plate umpiring strikes again.
Escarole, black simpson, tatsoi, radish, turnip green herb salad w flank steak topped w Green Hill fm Sweetgrass Dairy
Laundry day today, but that's not going to stop the editing process. Been a great day so far with overcasty weather down in San Diego. How
Love that you still use that pic!
impressive! I love this
Watching American Idol & have to agree with Steven, Jennifer & Randy - what happened why these Bottom 3 - come on people listen!
2011.09.14 #Rockies 6 #Brewers 2 | at the game tonight / did not see a playoff team / offense M.I.A.
hahaha maybe one day ill rap for you...
#BuildYourFans - If you got what it takes to reach the top, then you must put yourself in front of the RIGHT people! (Fans not Followers)
Surprise! I overreacted :P
Lead and go into the same direction instead of beating around the bush in
I want to watch Super Bad or L word season 5. I bad I don't have them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Hey Jarrad! So good to see you on here :) And so excited to see what you've been up to - pretty amazing!
damn shame.....
NOT BUSTED, just some bad Edmond kids trying to be slick and smuggle beer on the bus in cups while a cop was watching from across the street
A Big Happy Mother's Day to all the Mum's today!!! Especially the one's who's families forgot it was Mother's Day.
history on 15th and not afraid
no I dnt have one
“: The awkward moment when you open the bathroom door and someone else is already there.”i did that to my cuzin yesterday!
btw sorry the Rollercoaster looks like an oil well though..aha, at least that's what my dad said it looked like
i feel like pop .
Thanks for the FF 2 days ago!! Sorry so late!!
Holy crap, Ax! You about gave me a grabber!
Yes, you are correct: "Well I'm gonna make it all up to you, I'm gonna show you kids the time of your life!"
That was hysterical! And sweet! (ANd no one's a jerk,esp when pregnant.)
thanks man
u got it
You can't find a solution when you don't know what the problem is. Spend more time identifying your core problems and then seek a solution.
Flacco is holding onto the ball too long..
Thank God for playoff hockey with no more college hockey. Don't know what I'd do with myself.
what should people be worried about?
X-Men time! :-) can't wait to see Danny Trejo play Namor!
welcome bruh ur the only pick I liked so far....I hope bmarsh takes u under his wing.
Were sold out for now but were smoking more meat and well be back from 11pm-3am for some late night grub!
there was a thing called the draft this weekend, you may have heard about it
is the nicest person ever okay
Angry coaches are more fun when you imagine they're yelling at their bank for keeping them on hold for so long
quite well! I've got to catch up on your mix tapes.
Kind of like police brutality and TSA screening: when bad laws affect white people, white people start paying attn. Argh.
Hey thanks, I'll check it out.
wondering why you all don't have any librarians on your book show?!
sure is ma'am! Ready like Freddy lol!
sorry I was laying down.... what's up?
Very hard to believe Q and Jason B netted Brickhouse. I'm hoping it's Toney or Gore.
I really want a cookie dough blizzard. Someone bring me one
Saw TrinColl beat Weselyan last night outdoors at #hockeyfest. Congrats CT Whale on a great event.
“One doesn’t discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.” - Andre Gide
sometimes i feel so bipolar -_-
"What does KBB mean?" "Killed By Badger" =)
oh, I was the when she promised to bring said tiara! Not good to forget!
Happy Birthday <3333
blueberry's can help improve your memory
good morning!
Ready to leave London so soon? Yes it should be a fun conference. When will you visit sunny florida?
I am so sad. We must make goat cheese tots in memoriam.
Ordering the Tank Tops this week so we can print them for the 500. Excited!
Drinking Pu-er tea is a great way to eliminate free radicals, lower cholesterol & blood pressure & fight cancer! Need to know more?
So we'll be seeing ya, every single April now, for the next 30 years or more. Congrats - it was fun to watch yesterday
Spoken like someone who no longer needs to worry how he'll get the rent money.
Gotta watch the game on the 360
that's good.
I'm feeling a bit delirious. Goodnight!
The Artist continues its awards success, taking the top honour at the Producers Guild Awards in Los Angeles.
MY MAMA WAS 1 OF THE 1ST BLACK TEACHERS @ KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX HIGH & HER STUDENTS WERE FLOWER CHILREN
#sm4np - challenges for sic_org are digital marketing expertise
Thanks for following Fly.com's new Seattle flight deals feed. Expect only the best fares posted here 2-4 times per week.
so 7s response times aren't acceptable right?
well its over, with a curveball at the end was the late post office not being open. either way always glad we did it
please do :-)
An academic advisor was making him and his group come to library to do some research and check out some books.
Damn Change My Profile Colors Pink Looking Like Pink Friday Deluxe Edition Like My Profile Pic.Problems Bitch.
rite behind ya! 48!!!
The other end of the spectrum isn't something a lot of conservative jews would want to hear. However, if you push folks into
marry me <3
rt Great sound Faddy! But hey, what's up...no bio?<- Hey LOVELY!! im catchin up! Bio coming soon!! 1Luv!!
I do need to look at routing torrent traffic over TOR. Just use the Firefox browser plugin right now.
I have a celeb ? Do celebrs get embarassed/aw I could of done tht bettr moments while watching a movie/tv show they were in
maybe I should download that. I am not tired at all.
oops… i meant GROG SHOP, not agora… sorry for confusion
yep. Lovers.
You have brains in your head. Your feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. - Dr. Seuss
Also, idea for title for my posthumous collection: DIARY: THE UNPUBLISHED BLOG OF GEORGIA COOL
I would go skydiving
I'm always that person RT : I'm probably the person who stops you on the street to talk to your dog. Sorry about that...
It's a beautiful day in Milwaukee! For once. . .
you and are in the #SwaggaRite Clockwork episode 1 looking at shirts. Lol
Falling asleep in class
Everybody has a cause to fight for. Some are recruited, but many are drafted. - That's an original from vectorpicasso. Fight on!
Whoa? Where did we get all these followers? You guys are amazing! Thank you so much!
great meeting you!!!
Wednesday eveningish. Last final tomorrow. =/
What a save by mike smith
Hey, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
I was just told I look like Chelsea Handler from Chelsea Lately.
I was just moaning with each limb on that tree... and not in a good way... really.
Churro sale soon!
Hey ! That's sad to hear. Why doesn't your car have AC?
Whitney Houston star spangled banner is the best of all time. Hands down. Thoughts and prayers with her family. Just so sad.
you have such an amazing voice
well cross promotion and if we send you some clothes could you get some good photos ?
working on you NEW track too..sounding wicked!!!. I am actually liking this version more than original!
Programming in MATLAB exam today and quiz tomorrow in Calc I and then I can finally relax for a day. I can't wait!
Happy Thursday :D
Marvel...PLEASE give this team more projects..fresh storytellers are certainly a rarity and you have 2 of the best
It's not that I have writers block. It's that I'm looking at a blank post and going *flops self onto couch in defeat*
Today in 1941 Ted Williams finished the season with a .406 BA, the last #MLB player to do so.
WI occupation worked because it was spontaneous, heartfelt and necessary, not planned. I know; I was there.
I can live without you but, without you I'll be miserable at best.
Never make someone a priority when you are simply their option
LADIES NIGHT! A special night catered to our special customers…LADIES! 1/2 priced bubbles and wine! And cant forget the fellas -- $2 of...
let the world know we were here with everything we did
Carriers of news & knowledge Instruments of trade & industry Promoter of mutual acquaintance Of peace & goodwill Among men & nations
53 outside! Season is getting closer! Who's getting ready!!?
Back from my workout.
QUOTE - "When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." FDR. When things go bad. Learn from it and then say "NEXT."
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” John Quincy Adams
nothing! I'm still following you according to my twitter! :)
In the studio right now working on the next one
RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player.
A little rusty with installing a DSL connection during outreach. I forgot the DSL filter and the phone had static!
kirk franklin my life is in your hands >>>>>>>>>
Baton passing as #Madonna halftime show gives way to #LadyGaga intro to halftime highlights
it's sad to say, but he did a few times:( then there was the stage were he was old enough to cut me himself, but couldn't!Ow!
Fucking stupid txt me :)
Recently, I've become quite intrigued with "Troubadour"...
good luck tonight...im in the audience. =)
You are welcome!!! THANK YOU for the shout!
Girls with colored eyes ^.<3
Working Coldplay concert tonight. I'll finally be able to answer the question: "what kind of people listen to coldplay?"
Centers for Disease Control lowers level at which children are considered to have too much lead in their blood.
Paddy Wagon in Richmond tonight!!!! C'mon down!
#Wisconsin #scottwalker #republicans #teaparty snatched the #panties off #unions #publicemployees #middleclass - #Democracy to
Man LOL People u just have to shake your head
Our cocktail specials tonight welcome our newest spirits. A Bulleit Bourbon Collins and the Bulleit Rye Sazerac. Only $6 from 7-midnight.
Only 3 performances of TAPE left (Fri and Sat))! Cynthia Nixon attended last night and loved it! Get tix at www.tapenyc.com!
Sometimes you have to let go of the one you love to find out if there is really something there.
then you have to check out Jeppa Joes. New Mke hotspot. Global flavors, fresh local ingre. Today at Marquette, Wells & 15th!
not Jersey girls!! :)
maybe after the second chorus idk we can think of a part
I WILL NEVER HEAL!
a LITTLE excited?! Madam! (Had a great time!)
thank you :))
yea, its going to need to be more riveting than that. If I think of something I'll let u know.
dang, you're really lucky!
Junko Yokota: Reading Rainbow as model for engaging childrens content. What's the next Reading Rainbow for online/ePub world?
There will always be one idiot who creeps on You. All the time. And you just wanna fight them. But you are a girl. And would get killed
who texted me from a 360 number this morning?
Get in on the Off The Clock Trivia Challenge tonight! Win great prizes.
And another one...Biogen Idec submitted NDA to the FDA for approval to market their new oral MS disease-modifying therapy.
Then don't! When do you want to meet?
pretty good and yourself??
One of these days we'll have to meet! “: hey will be out there too, maybe you guys can catch up.”
I just made my goal of 1000 tweets in less than 6 months. Not bad, considering it took 2+ years to make my first 1000.
Winners will get a free T-Shirt of their choosing.
Who's going to win the hawks game? More important, where to eat? Come check out what Chef Cody is throwing down at Fresh
I know, right?
Thank you H and 7th location for your generous donation of coffee to our volunteers! It was a fantastic addition to our morning!
Back to the Fort!
LOL I just paid for $3 worth of gas in dimes and quarters.
Lots of work to do this week. Friday Match 30 grand opening!
Thanks for following Anita!! :) greatly appreciate it!
posts like that are why i have 90% of my fb friends blocked
Ty Lawson's finish on Gasol was NICE! He played thru his ear and thru Gasol's chin!
good... Desperation is a necessity!
Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero.
This Girl Tried To Talk Too Me
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Thanks for sharing my post! Hope your day is going well!
Thanks for the RT , glad you found the Kraft #branding blog interesting!
I love this fan base were so funny & defend eachother we treat eachother like family & get along beliebers & were also crazy whn were ready.
This review combines overused words that are already so prevalent in writing that they obscure the writer’s ability to write
BAHAHA NO *runs into the room & tries thinking of something fun to do* (x
your makeup looks good.
Wow wow wow, Prince Fielder to the Tigers! Gotta love getting breaking sports news in an email from your mom
the RIGHT #11 of course! We miss you ! How's the rehab progressing?
In my opinion, #Adele had the best record, album, and song of the year.
Interesting AdChoices for Robbins on Cosmopolitanism & War: PepsiNext and AmEx Gold Business Rewards.
"Yesterday night" that makes no sense
got ink? Kinda like the got milk commercial
with the chaos. Thought u b a daddy but bruised his ankle.
My heart goes out to for her loss of her cousin!! Im sure he's livin' it up in heaven!! :)<3 #Staystrong love!! :))
trying to fall asleep but my knee is killing me D':
I love my twitter followers ;)
coffee just kicked in,,g00000d morning!! #RISE&GRING RISE&GRIND
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Yes, I'll ship international! :)
I should be sleeping, but the insomnia has kicked in to full gear. Going on hour 2...
Check out Will Bernard's new cd "Outdoor Living"...s'FUNKY!!!!!
Shit man I know. We drank so much.
Fuck yeah, I got candy sprinkles. Commence cookie making.....now.
that & joint #BreakYaBack is so dope!!
I am loving Branson! The cell service isn't great but whatever! :)
Shoutout to friends and presenting at
Andrew Smith called for second foul with just over 8 to go. Butler trailing 17-10.
wow. but is there ever an episode where glee doesn't end in me sobbing? Nope.
Use Silent Nights patch over the Acupuncture point, the heat stimulates the flow of the affected meridian inducing a restful nights sleep!
love when the cashier you just had at bestbuy friend requests you from the parking lot and asks what your doing tonight
lol no clue how to really use twitter, youll have to school me!!!
Can't wait to see the king Vs. the black mamba, tip off @ 8:00 PM. LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Honestly broseph you're attractive and nice but I think we differ on many levels, religion only being a problem because of the situation.
OMG! I just realised I mixed you up with someone. Lol, wow, don't I feel silly. You're awesome!!
Hey help this guy out ;) RT : Does some1 at want to help me set my email up... couldn't ...
Let's look beyond the #QRcodes business cards folks. There so much more!! #marketing #mobile experience.
scary stuff...
one day i want a full collection of books.. i have no idea why tho..
so its would be bye :-/
I love you Demi!!!!!!! You're perfect and amazing!!!
I love my 22 yr old stylist Ms Anastasia!, cant wait to rock those shoes and my afro Thursday at the bowery, FIT and raw talent goes far!
Thank you for your condolences nicole. 2 day I mourn the loss #AI RT : Sorry about your Colton Dixon:(
lmao I see her
I really want a slushie. But my blender is broken... ...from the last time I made a slushie
I got a Lg turquoise left I think in women's.
I ONE DIRECTION! U.U
I have 4 tango classes already paid for, if you're down! Nobody will do it with me!:(
Chefs pound meat not to tenderize the meat, but to help<U+FFFD>even the meat so it cooks evenly.
The world is ending
Glad I canceled my previous plans....
xoxo. Very sad news :(
Because we fucking Love that big eared mexican freak! Right Nicole?! RIGHT!?
with EO he doesn't need congress.
Thank you! That's next on my radar...
your tweets pretty much made my day. Thanks for curing the boredom!
nope not kidding
yes! so my cousin lives in Philly & says this is happening b/c parents r forming coalitions w/in pub schls
just when I thought you were "different" I quickly realized your not.
#4famouswords I will be back ! Terminator if you didn't know -.-
The Braves are looking for their second straight win before heading to St. Louis for a weekend series against the Cardinals.
Hilly sunny fun for January! Looking forward to more rides as it warms up.
so #timewarnercable why did some of our cable channels become unavailable at 850pm? as in this channel is not available on your cable box?
Waiting for the bus with like 50 middle schoolers... I need a car.
We're open! Come and get it at 24th and San Antonio St. We're also smoking for an event with 800+ people tonight at #DellWorld. Busy day!
No more high hopes
#AlliWant is a boyfriend honestly I don't ask for much, and my standards for a guy are pretty low so it should have happened by now :p
How the hell Rudy make that shot?
Varmus #Berlin9: Need to change the way we evaluate each other, get away from impct fctrs, -> HHMI-like model: five most important contribs
Cerus (NASDAQ:THLD) to Present at the Lazard Capital Markets 8th Annual Healthcare Conference on November 15, 2011
i have tepee :/
Hum, I use sesame seed oil for favoring at the end. I hear that it burns easy. However, I've not tested that...
awh. To sweet :)
no u not because brittney be writing this so smd
Q to sports flacks...which platform do you consider leader: Ad Meter, 's Ad Scrimmage, Brand Bowl or 's Ad Blitz?
Um now I'm at red lobster an I swear I feel 14 please no 1 c me but I'm here for a reason
this is fantastic!! thanks for sharing it with us!
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying “Thanks”, I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you
Congrats!! Have a great holiday!!
Not hungover like the movie, but did Carl marry Lorena for last night's Taxpayers dinner?!! Stay tuned for the videos...
You're very welcome :D
“: I miss the homie He was real. Real coo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+270C>”
phone customer service has got to be the biggest waste of time in the history or customer service
"Texas is to America what America is to the rest of the world." - Brendon Walsh
Twitter ads go DR? ": Wake up and smell the savings! Honey Nut Cheerios (12.25 oz.) are just $1.88. That's a big bowl of bargain."
Wow....enjoying this weather today!! Checking out some wines for you family! This weekend we will be introducing you to a new spring wine!!
That's my goal! I know every service guy at #BMW on a first name basis. And their kids!
oh my jesus travis, i love you #WeedTheKings all you need is to get thos dreds back in your hair... ;)
Thank you.
Come out to Sadie Rene's in N. Canton! We r opening for band and Joe Vitale Sr. is stopping by. Should be a cool hit!! 10:30pm
. The majority of this information is in text format for example emails, news, web pages, reports etc
Sucks to be sick-.-
yup, drop me a line when you get a chance. Say hi to Jorge ;-)
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least
watching my boss right now at work w/ her door shut=never gonna be a PI.
How are you celebrating jazz day?! Why didn't anyone buy me a card?
gearing up to live with Shape for 7 months! can't imagine this with anyone other than Erik Ehn
Good night everybody! Pray that I'll pass! <3
Surprise surprise...
Training at ucla today if anyone is down! 5 pm by medical plaza!!
I hate when my bestest friend is sad. Emily you're truly amazing, I'm here for you<3
Garage Band on the iPad is for me like MacPaint was on the first Mac in the 80's. Endless magical fun!
Of note: New York State now has 88 breweries employing 99,178 people in 2010.
I was upset that I didn't c u after the show I wanted to buy u a drink.
I like this Tweet, hope u have a blessed day. All the best to ur family. All of u.
“: Everyone on flight yelled "CAN'T YA SEE THE AMERICAN AIRLINES JETS FLYING OVER YOU!" #Otis #ThroneFlight #BestFlighttoLAEver”
RT : Never texting you first again. Especially if your not going to keep a conversations going.
#EveryoneHasThat1friend that loves the crew
might get a job at a pizza place? #illtakeit jus glad I'm not goin back to #coldstone !
Awkwardly sitting here with noone.~
Talk about being divisive and "the politics of ENVY" ... Obama took out Bin Laden. Deal with it, Republicans!
9gag memes+K-POP+we<U+2665>it=..<U+2665>
Watching is like watching the best Gymnasts in the world! These performers are a cut above the rest! You got me!!
turn this mutha out
RT : 11 PM CONGRESSIONAL BED CHECK - House now starting ten roll call votes on first budget bill for next year
<----- Y to the UMMY...Absolutely Delicious girl!
Ouch! Cousin just got hit HARD on the forearm by a pitch! It sounded like a bat! Omg he just passed out! Omg.
Is just now truly understanding that, whether on top of the world or completely in the gutter, one must remember: "This too shall pass."
Congrats on making the Top 50 Social Media Power Influencers list!
RIP Angel <3 we love you #RIP , sorry for your loss. We loved her too/:
or really wat grade does she teach
Window painting time.
I don't mind arugula pizza provided you close your eyes and tell yourself it's a flatbread and not pizza
Dear Minneapolis liberals spend some of your outrageous tax revenues on your roads. They suck and the traffic blows. That's all.
I'm really liking the beats in Acrobatics of a Patchwork Heart!
texting who?! and what?! so confused just text me aha. did you get my text? 55c?! DO THEY THINK WE ARE MADE OF MONEY
"You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch."
Happy Mothers Day!! At church in Orange County :)
- if you have the day off, check out history channel. Pawn Stars has a marathon. I want to hear what you think of the Old Man.
I'd play with you. #thug life.": I kind of hope I break a bone in the near future so I have a legit excuse to lay in bed and -"
Thank you. So far it's been hectic...hopefully it will get better now that I see your wonderful words. :0}
lmao I google searched her name tryna see what I could find about her.. I think she smoke toon
In the hood of his daddys car we pass around the old guitar and mamas wondering where we are its just me and my baby ' (:
Tan at our Chelsea location- 7th avenue between 23rd & 24th
Did anybody see the cabin in the woods and thought that it was good?
bless u and thanks! :)
Sorry for the radio silence yesterday. Rain and no reception in chipping campden to blame! xx.
me too
Those new Watchmen prequels are a grotesque and sad idea. I love that book but it's from 20+ years ago. DO SOMETHING NEW.
Keep us posted on the Catonsville, man! | www.honicide.com
You go, girl!
That's what's up Make That Money Don't Let it Make you!
In our mind.... we turn lies into truth....
Get your Basketball on at Ocean Beach Recreation Center this evening from 5PM to 7PM!
Ha, nice save there
Q.O.D: Who was the first major league baseball player to hit an inside the park home run in an All-Star game?
#nbaplayoffs agreed that pop has a better system,Indi has good system , but trade spurs top 3 to indi for indi top 3 indi in finals
Has anyone heard about rocker poet #JackieSheeler? One of my top poet clients asked about her but I could not locate any info. spelling?
any ideas!?
Very bad day.
one of these days, you'll pay the iron price
i have 11 pornstars following me its annoying
Do tell! RT : I can't wait to blow the roof off thearena tonight
Great auctions ending tomorrow and new goodies listed yesterday. Check them out! - www.pxlpl.us/fgdt
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 17th, 10:30am "Things we Like to Eat or Not" Bread & Jam or Green Eggs & ham?
It'll be interesting for the new beginnings I have coming in April in a new apt/roomie then graduating in June.
I wanna go scuba diving again. It's been a few yrs & i miss it! I just wanna be out of my element & in another world under the sea..
Youre too nice! is also in that one! Shes amazing!!!
Man Dies In Montgomery County Crash
The Mamas and the Pappa Roaches
The AAP report reinforces that #fever is thought to have a beneficial effect for the body’s efforts to fight infection.
Help win the Small Business Boost Contest. Like on FB -- great product by a great local company....
Did you know that I played on #Supernatural w/ my father ?? Do you know which #song??
sadly true.
Thank you 14th St. in Columbia Heights for your delicious and generous donation of coffee to our volunteers last Saturday!
OH MY GOD!
Its 80 degrees out, no school tomorrow, pool opening, one day of hs left, exempt from 3 exams. Thank you jesus
U on ur way?
crap, I'm running out of time -_-
@ Facebook F8 in SF, Timeline, Ticker & Graph v2... Opens up social media stream yet again. Very Cool spotify music integration!
no, what if they kiss?!
Teams of Richmond MBA students huddling in breakout rooms now; got a dose of strategy from Prof Bosse & marketing insights from Prof Raggio
somebody buy me a fuckin' louis vuitton belt.
Grateful Dead American Beauty, Mr Oizo analog worms attack
Man no comment<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
they keep feeding us this crap just like the Fenway Bricks and coffee table book.
I'll see what I can do! Haha
Thats The Jam * Old Lady Voice *
ok i'll be famous someday too :) jk jk
hi back
Weird animals in the roads of wickliffe tonight. #PlayingPossum?
Thank you for the #FF!
listening to all afternoon, can't wait to see them again on sunday night!
Yep!!! RT : Do u ever feel like sumtimes you cud sleep all day!
wait... You're not celebrity status? ;) I can't imagine spending that much. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
I'm apparently too sensitive tonight
pretty good, Summer camp tho-___- but its cool I ain't even mad:)
Why does Steve Urkel not know how to pronounce Urkel?
Nice ride
Happy New Year hows the mix on that track going 9176761013 holla back
I ended up buying Immortals when I was at Best Buy so I won't need to borrow it from you.
RT #np natalie goin crazy! Eva since the day u went away n left me lonely and cld
Never be afraid to let digital footprint show who you are. Things to watch are embarrassing indiscretions, not AS mentions.
Hahahahaha <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E521> RT : Just saw a circle of vultures. The only thing I thought of:
I read the mssg while in art and i started screaming with my friends while kids were painting xD luv ya
You're allowing your present emotional state to cause you to abondon & deny your future estate.
#bkferry is awesome so far! So excited for !
guess who just bought the best song EVER!.. yah thts right, "So Listen"<3 <3
: Great seeing New Orleans coach Monty Williams on NBA TV. Such a genuine, likable guy. Very good young coach. Love his humility.
Preliminary budget plans for increase of 400 students
RT “: I want some Starbucks and some water”
I'm tired people saying "oh, you make a good Husband/Boyfriend" I can't even get a girl to show how good I be as either one.
I heard the show. Really enjoyed it... funny & on point !!
Just paid $35 to have my medical records transferred....thanks
I sure hope so, I now have to replace my 27" screen for a dinky 13" laptop
yeah I know. why did you bring it up? :)
Nick Holt fired from UW Husky football staff. Looking forward to a defensive coordinator w/ better strategy & recruiting!
People are so ignorant.
19 more days
Evil at his core
Can't take it at Bolingbrook or Naperville
Faith is like a muscle: It can be strengthened. It can be weak or it can be strong, depending on how much you use it. Work it out people!
No. You look like an overweight 14 year old girl doe.
i def hope u eat b4 then lol
Amen. MT : One of the pettiest things in the world as an entrepreneur or editor is to begrudge employees for moving on to newer gigs.
I'm slackin, I have 2 on the DVR, hope you're great “: Catch up on your #hardcorepawn today- new episode Tuesday!”
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said "settle ya fuckin' ass down, I'm ready for combat man." get it, calm batman? #eminem <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I notice that Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson is back in town on a lecture tour. Mr. Stetson is not accompanying her, needless to say.
yeah i'm still trying to figure it out. 1 or 2 works
I Have The Gift And The Curse, I Have Unwrapped The Gift But To My Surprise, The Curse Was Inside... Beware Niggaz!!
then she said, I can take the cheese off the double cheeseburger if that's what u want **blankstare**
Disappointed that didn't win, but props to the team for
do you have an extra VJA cable that I can plug into my computer and to my tv
Haha, I do that sometimes! A frustrating number of things on Pinterest are just images without a link to the website though.
Related question: do you believe in a constitutionally protected right to privacy?
. I absolutely agree with you on that!
Songza's playlists are way better than any of the other cloud music services I've tried. I'm only skipping every third song.
Just found out that I have 2+ hours of podcasts to listen to. Plus last night postgame. Should hold me over til Sunday game!
needing to create new new website for steelhorserock.com ... way outdated!
RESPECT THE MOVEMENT
HEY U RESPECT YOUR FATHER LOL... So how come u got one
Every so often a player gets his comeuppance. Josh Beckett just got his delivered to the mound at Fenway Park.
Monday I got it easy, I just sit on my ass and tweet shit and get paid. Hows things with your boo?
My jaw hurts so bad
The pleasure was all ours. Thank you!!
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
#Celtics are 6-1 without Ray Allen this season. I like Bradley at the 2, with his defense and speed to run in transition with Rondo
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master.
Wow! Are you selling your old machine? Btw, I hollered for you at graduation. I didn't know you were done too! Congrats!
#ALERT - Tastefully Simple's teaming up with Share or Strength on Classy #Chocolate Pound #Cake starting in #March. Ask me how you can help!
I concur
That Would Be Awesome If You Could Do That!
yeah but it's only 6,000 mile drive like 3 days!! That's nothing!! Hahaha
no problem <3 just remember you're amazing and you're not in this alone
why so much better?
Does anyone else find it amusing that "deal a day" is out vouge-ing the G+? Certainly helps traffic, but is there any effect on rankings?
with your help we will create a product that exemplifies your brand of empowerment, self sufficiency and excellence
Oh, how timely! I think I will read it on the way home. Thanks for the link.
yeah that would a nice lineup though. I'm not a big fan of the 6 an 7s. Are you talking about the 11 lows?
Shoutout to everyone follow her!!!
Things are great! Let's try and get some lunch soon, where is your office?
need to finish this report so my professor can get off me
Oh hey chick across the street, who has a party on a Monday night?!
They are clearly suffering, but shd know better than to rely on a private co w/its own agenda/experimental features.
i know i am thx
Who can bring me lunch and I'll give yall the money wen yall get here???
appreciated and thx
LOLOLOL omg that would be so weird. on the news 'Lady gets married to one direction cardboard cutouts' LOL
Listening to The Kooks on Burberry's Art Of The Trench...When will it be trench weather in LA?
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Wisdom can come from anyone or anything, you just have to be wise enough to receive it"
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
And thank you for following back! Have a wonderful day. :)
I said I'd never let you go, and I never did. I said I'd never let you fall, and I always meant it. #1,000thTweet
lol yea and u looked lost!
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
But LeBron flinched a little. Smh.
Holly did the best out of all three
wish he woulda dun that skit rathr than bore me to death wit his life story a few weeks ago @ ACME
<U+FFFD>No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as much as your #dog.<U+FFFD> <U+FFFD> Christopher Morley
#SometimesIGetsickof people in general.
the only competition i want in loving you is trying to love you more than you love you #ithinkimclose lol
I'll be at #SoSlam and can't wait. Look forward to catching up w/
Oh my gosh me too!! lol! Great #echelon minds think alike! lol!
Panevino tonight for some cocktails and probably some Pane and Vino. Lots to do in this little scrapple-fueled homestead.
awesome. That's our neighborhood fave for sure, maybe even pdx fave...
#Followskysnuts stoked to see you guys in Colorado this summer
Me! I'm ready to start! I needed some motivation!
IT'S wild 2nd ever BATTLE BORN coin COLLECTION up for AUCTION...
Crazy!! A must see...Go premium...Always better with a meal! lol
Hair and makeup done, now waiting on my mother to pick me up.
C'mon Braun, start the rally!
Everyone's raving about GERHARD RICHTER PAINTING: “Thrilling…akin to being in a museum that’s come alive.” - Film Comment
I thought gay meant happy. Why are they all so angry?
it's too hot in my den. meh. looking at apartments for when I move this summer.
Spinning at Lucky's tonight! Eubank & Montgomery! Join us ! Every Tuesday night!
well your you could do either!
With a Little Help From Rosencrantz and Guildenstern
Do you ever have days where you want to light people on fire? : Yes, how about we drink and listen to Adele together later?
omg tell moe I love him
NOBODY is worth u feeling like shxt, if they are not bringing up stop letting them drag u down
RT : What's to do in Orlando? Talk 2
I spent a lot of time on North Padre Island with a good friend who lived there.
Stupid Broncos!
don't worry Harry, I did the same thing except I had the sticker on my shirt and had it on the whole time during school. x
Yes,we are keen to the fact that ice cream sounds like "i scream"...Welcome to the wonderful world of word play
You’ll rarely succeed at anything unless you have fun doing it.
X-Rays were negative for a break! Thanks for your prayers for my cousin Will Rhymes.
Sleep<Essay project and two tests tomorrow
#masswomen "Never let what matters most become second to what matters least." Maria Elena Duron
Gratitude: Great relationship, wonderful kids, new clients, old friends, cape fuchsias, herb starts growing, and really enjoying it all.
Gallery Night pick: PhotoWord art at MyDwelling on Milwaukee Street
aww mishon is here. I def watched Lincoln heights. And I use to listen to Excuse Me Mama hhaha
Season finale, NOT finale. Don't stress me out. I need my NCIS : )
cus he shot a three.
Hey Biebers and Simpsons Happy New Year! :) !!! :D well almost
Many thanks. Next book due out summer 2013. Thanks for your kind feedback.
Water doesn't splash in a vacuum
Good, just like last year, though I didn't see any whoopie pies unfortunately.
absolutely that'd be awesome I have that in my bracket
I can hardly tweet at this hour, let alone do chores or write prose.
Back to the Grind
I'm seeing #invisibleDogs with at #StrutYourMutt. You should, too!
thanks! Been off twitter for a while, various reasons. Things good with you?
If you aren't seeing and supporting live music in Las Vegas, you are missing out!
legit #Swag <U+2665> I should of just let you follow my normal twitter to save the hassle but I tweet a lot of Bieber stuff so....
Im at the hopital i was born at . In hialeah........
got anything else u want to sell
"Why is your foot tapping?" "I got rhythm baby. I can never stop dancing entirely." Tehe, Fez is too cute. <U+263A>
i'm 28 years old and love Tampa bay. where are you from?
I just finished running 2 laps after track practice im exhausted
I will be waiting! RT : Mad Men doesn't come back until March. Of.
Ah! Talking about things that will happen in #Army S&T when I'll be 44!
This has been one long night so far D: #ForealDoe :(
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>#ThinkLikeAMan is a GREAT MOVIE...enjoyed it from beginning to end <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
At church, happy #mother'sday to y'all, but every day has to be not only this day they do but every day, I love you my one and only
“: Yes Mom, every girl I know is my girlfriend. -_-” story of my life
>>> pre order #moremalice like pronto bit.ly/dwB06K support the west coast
Wish I could be in Chicago to watch Jamie and the Chicago Tap Theater perform!! I know Jamie will be AMAZING!!
I so want this song at my funeral aka Party! Knocking on heavens door Guns And Roses!!!!!
congratulations! That is quite the honor!
You had your turn and now you're gonna learn what it really feels like to miss me.
Happy Mother's Day!
Bottom line: Lisa is too damn hostile and angry for what appear to be complicated personal reasons.
So if you're conservative, you can't use #UAWOW? But, I'm conservative and I support the war on White House anti-woman pay discrimination.
Rainiest March in Oregon since record keeping began in 1881. Of course I would move to PDX this year
hey boo!!! How are you I miss you too!
i change my mind, Operation Dumbo Drop is sick.
Bout to get some snacks before the game starts
Please #Prometheus be good, please!
-- Wow...Thank You for the mention Shawn! Have a great weekend.
Cranberry juice and vodka make an excellent combination.
#FlightsToAtlanta Im just sayin you could do better <21
BHS Development marketing about to take over another great development in NYC and many more in the pipeline.
Hope this G.I. Joe is good!
if I could look like the guy in the avatar, I'm all over it.
going to Michigan for the weekend after school <333 but I wont be able to tweet :(
CREATE WV | Development conference underway in Wheeling. For updates, follow account and/or #CreateWV, #CreateWV2010 hash tags.
I told her to do that thing I like and she fuckin did it
Happy Mothers Every where> You make my heart twitterpate.
"A Steady Rain" AND "Nevermore" rehearsals on the same day!!
Too much background distractions for the national anthem
I used to go to the Herkimer but you have to arrive an hour early to get a seat. I went to Tailgate (60th & Nicollet) 2 weeks ago
How tragic, I think we were in love. Funny how things work out.
if i dont give him a hard time, he will think im not his sister..lol
Bringing a pinata to the bar was the best idea ever! Endless photographic memories!
Thanks for following!
Leavin' on the next train...
Looks like this could be a very important study -- we'll be checking on the progress here in the States!
the theme song still freaks me out lol! i rather watch it here in public with the lights on~
alright, alright, but who you callin kid, kid?! I'm a whole year and 9 days older! :P
Today I got done Writing another Novel Named Has You Come to my Wintery Thoughtful Mind Six Chapters about Life, Love and the Hatred
come back to Indiana and bring him to me!
I said "I WILL CLIMB FOR BACON!!"
Hartl first introduces you to some pain, but as you progress, it becomes a nice little resource
Lol RT : Dontari Poe ate about 7 babies before tonights draft. But hey, nice hair bro.
#PUBLIC buses take forever -_-
im wit it, but can it be later on cause im about to go play ultimate Frisbee
RT : #PartyTime in #Vegas!! Who's ready to #FistPump tonight inside with our girl !?
you're more beautiful, duh ;)
The terrorist was a really good movie<U+E057>
We'd love for you to feature our site in one of your upcoming Startup Monday blogs, we're launching our beta very soon!
Dear Adobe Digital Editions, why do you suck so much?
That switch defensively (Kobe on Lawson) made a big difference. Slowed Lawson dwn late in the game.
Let's go men!
We missed you at church. ;) RT Good morning! #good afternoon jaja
My mom wrote me a letter saying that I'm getting a car when I get my license and she signed it and kissed it....
My shoe size is a big dick. (what I would say if I were a tall man)
Ah...figured it out.
does Joey Barton stay at QPR after his antics?
lol I would rather have math
Her last name seems fitting
Guarantee life goes on without that bitch !
So you kissed your best friends ex girlfriend ? Oh thats great .
#GreysonIsOurHero when is ur next Florida concert? Jacksonville would b good or Orlando again xxxxooo
Houston! It's 60 degrees and gorgeous outside. Totally Blue Bar weather.... we can hear the cocktails calling your name.
it Is aha
That's gonna be great! RT : Just arrived in NYC to be roasted by the Friars Club and roastmaster Bring it on!
HAHAHAHAH SPRING BREAK HERE BRO
Loving the SEC championship game. Dirty nasty football, what's not to like?
This episode to much lol
just don't be without Eric cartmans chipotle away
haha no. i'm still gonna keep it. thanks for the suggestion :) RT: : u should change ur name RT smh #Lakers :(
Came to Scottys Brewhouse and out of all these TVs there isnt a SINGLE TV playing the Pacers game. Unacceptable Scottys!
Well I had to entertain
Ok.sis RT : yes will call u on few though sis to catch up anyway
Being spoiled?
you going Saturday or Sunday?
lol alright imma send it to you hold up (:
workaholics is the funniest show i've ever seen
I am looking at Nonprofit Management 101 Edited by Darian Rodriguez Heyman. It has a very Web 2.0 feel to it.
Since getting hooked on Twitter I have found a way to vent and explain my ideas and frustrations about business outside of my social group.
I don't wanna believe it
can;t wait to see you monday as well have an awsome day <3
follow he's amazing watch him sing 'BOYFRIEND'onYoutube
Hey, thanks for the #ff!
I'm not trying to be rude but what wounds does Martin have? He chose to come here.
Bout to drink til I'm down! Fuck it!
RT : The start of today's 1:10 p.m. game will be delayed.
#RealShit i truly miss u but mayb it wasnt
I gt on twitter n ppl r jus goin Ham I guess it's jus that late night getn to thm
Special guests! Austin Kiplinger's first published natl stories were during Roosevelt's second inauguration in 1936
I think it's quite hindering to be mad that someone is correcting your spelling.
well I saw the good side of you...
Such a great essay, thank you from the bottom of our hearts for believing in us.
Met a dancer @ APT on July 18th 2008. I emailed him. I got back a respond yesterday, may 8th 2010. 2 years later.
Happy Holidays, everyone! :)
uploaded the video upside down...pointless assignment but learned a lot about "life"
Frankly, I don't think I've seen ENOUGH #PROMETHEUS. What's WRONG with these people?!?
We love this #UFC weekend! Thanks & for bringing Fight Night 24 to Seattle!
Some people are only alive because it's illegal to shoot them
5/7 in my #TNASacrifice Picks for I was also in fact very nice to Impact tonight!
Still having a good morning. This is good.
lol ya I have no Idea why that tweeted sorry
Definitely. They didn't receive great feedback, but they learned by teaching. Had to explain that to each one, though
I paid some money for your Album to atone for that Silk Tha Shocker CD I bought in 1999.
Trending now are inquiries into learning solutions for social media and SEO. Experts should package their knowledge to sell.
Thanks for the mention!
My life is a fucking blast omg the stories I will tell, at least the ones I remember, when I get older...
Happy Wednesday, Ayla fans!
#Follow Me #I Follow Back.
thanks we appreciate the support
#truth it's too much work to RT
Wasn't that awesome after getting hit? Too bad we lost.
But then again, I havent stayed up this late since a month ago. So maybe I might fall asleep fast.
Or not having service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations!
I dont care, i have always liked the Pro Bowl, especially when my team has some representation
the chili cheese fries were good the chili didn't taste like your regular chili
the amount of agency French poststructuralist thought ascribes to language is just absurd. I'm ready for the death of the linguistic turn
I cant wait to see N tonight!!!
that doesn't sound kosher to me.
Menchies Frozen Yogurt - Mom's really enjoy Menchies Frozen Yogurt - Many Atlanta locations - Toco Hills is Kosher!
Your the first thing I think about when I wake up and the last thing before I go to sleep :)
Lol when the pirates score 2 or more runs they are 13-5. That's laughable.
that would be a pretty cool show BUT I'm actually going to that venue tonight to see Devendra Banhart.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Still Crazy
RT : RT : It's so hard to play football and study abroad but fuck it, I'm determined to travel and culture...
MY ELECTRIC BLANKET HAS STOPPED WORKING!!!!!! And it's only 8 degrees F outside! EMERGENCY!!!!
Hey Leslie make sure you follow MTG EVENTS
why almost hit this girl crossing the street and still didn't stop smh
I LOVE YOU THE MOST OKAY
TPM BIOTECH TEAMS UP WITH PERKIN ELMER TO DEVELOP PORCINE DETECTION KIT
for real?
lmao liar you said you were goin to bed too!
watch out Minneapolis... we are coming your way in December! Joel found a house for us to rent today
Groupon only works for businesses that can control the actual voucher redemption rules.. time of day, day of week, etc.
Sometimes I forget to take off my contacts..I don't want to have a bad experience:'O
Picture perfect is what you are.Your eyes speak a tale of bittersweet memories from afar, that smile warm and inviting, I put u in writing!
I can't wait to watch another gangsta movie with you tonight
The stage has been set for NFL Championship weekend. NYG vs SF, BAL vs NE - who ya got?
Glad I'm not the only one.
most likely not
On way to Vail, Colorado to go see my sister for a cpl days and get my mind right.
I just love how people volunteer me to do something without my consent..pretty annoying
well This I can't deny...What's wrong w a little fur in the mouth? !
We are almost 900 views on the Astana film festival page. Check it oit and vote for Trident
2/2 which, of course, tanked.
Who is going to see the Magnetic Fields at the Orpheum tonight?
what up I would like to request Feelin Fine by
As a fantasy geek, I can say he's boom or bust. Makes big plays but struggles with consistency. Better than what you have.
Any friends in columbus going to the whitechapel / miss may I show this weekend? You might catch some of us there!
Congratulations!!! :D
Im fina leave work fckn wit dis bitch
WOW. YOU JUST TWEETED YOUR PASSWORD TO YOURSELF WTF
#thingsIgottateachmyson: women matter, trust them.
Couldn't ask for anything more right now. So happy with the great friends and girl that I got and most important great family. This weekend…
"What makes you different makes you special! Stay in school!" - Best video ever. <3
Introducing my "other" professional handle, detailing the non-musical stuff I often do:
I literally follow ALL of my followers! No Joke! and if i havent followed u, please tell me<3
yesterday i felt so productive....today curling up in blanket cocoon with coffee sounds so much better.
So I'm talking to this one chick and she said (yea I'm not religious but I'm spiritual) so I was like I'm not honest but you're interesting
Time for Chapter 24 of "We're Alive"!
don't get to drunk kayden can't take care of you lol.....
100- hmm we dont really talk. tweet me sometime ? :)
Down here it would be spiders and roaches. A definite Ines nightmare!!!
"Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet." ~Roger Miller Which are you?
Returning from free beers at elysian courtesy of adobe air bus tour
google breadcrumbs is a branching decision based mobile learning technology
Karma was watching over me today!
lol did i hit you?
Michael Moore, Sirius XM: "It [RightNow CX] wasn't an IT tool. It was a service and operations tool."
We'll be passing through Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
Mad Men time. Chances Pete offs himself?
I must have gotten the last seat on the plane. The standby list is 4 deep. I feel bad for those people.
Settle down with a beer to commemorate the birth of a Brooklyn Dodger great...happy birthday #JackieRobinson!!!
can't wait to get our finished broadcast commercial back. woohoo!
maybe test it out by planning a pants party?
It felt so good to know that i was ever able to feel that way.hopefully it wasnt the last...never know now a days
please follow me <3 I love yoouuu
AMAZING JOB BOYS! xx
I also have a Sam Cooke station on Pandora if that makes it any better...
Listening to on & weeding the collection.
Regarding Colbert running for president, We have come a long way since Pat Paulson ran for President. (google him you youngsters)
OKC with the sweep !!!
Watching Are you there, Chelsea
#Huguely lawyer: Huguely had no motive to rob Love of her laptop. He took it so she would come talk to him. It was recovered in dumpster.
Now you can make twitter references that aren't from tumblr! #HASHETAGE,SWAG,SWAG,SWAG.
Wow, 4AM tweet...feelin' better today?!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 3rd, 10:30am "A Visit with the Dinosaurs" What is a Brontorina or a Bumposarus?
Fun fact: The people of America eat around 350 slices of pizza each second, or 100 acres per day.
Zumba workouts are no joke. Poor me tomorrow!!
good seeing you at the #ONMembers12 gathering :)
Its keeping it real. Your final four team is down 20 to a bunch of freshman. Syracuse comment in 5....4....3...2....1...
Nice first period by the #Bruins. Like to see that energy back! Good defense, potent offense, thoughtful play. Keep it up, boys!!
This Pats game is coming in in Spanish on my TV. I'm pretty sure the color guy is Dan Fouts.
I love getting my kitchen knives sharpened, but hate how many times I cut myself while getting used to sharp knives again!!
Don't remind me.
"Let your attitude define your golf game. Don't let your game define your attitude."
Less is more except when it comes to mistakes. How long is long, that depends how long it takes.
if you want
I love everything in your shop!! amazing ideas!!!
This chick is creepin on me across the room
follow back and I will.
OMGZ you guys, is finally on here! swarm swarm swarm!
The Joy of Reading The habit of reading is not as important as the joy of reading
of catchin' up to do!
i switched it yesterday lmao
Ugh, stupid allergies! :( #allergies suck
What type of gaffes did he make?
Spanish and I are not friends right now! Why can't I sit still??
better believe I'm following her on Twitter.
I think many would agree with me that there is such a thing as too much bipartisanship.
Cartman singing in this new south park episode is killing me.
"It take two to play that game"
"Free Community Service" from Pop-A-Lock® FREE unlocking when child is locked in a car. Call 503-241-4922
LT on Seau "Good and loyal friend"
i have no idea where that is. i'm gonna tell michael you and blair are talking about him.
Thanks Mike! What's your favorite?
“ Check out my homie and his new single "Judge a Book" feat. Aaron Thomas;available on iTunes and Amazon”
Met new Director of the Block Museum today. Anticipating great things for Evanston and Chicago.
I bet your dick blows lasers when it roars. BLARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH
Please. I've been eating those since before you were born. Wanna really do it? Try Dutch Crunch Buffalo Wings and Bleu Cheese
what!? You drove 6 hours? Thats incredibly admirable :) what city did u come from? Well have to make a note of touring there!
Chrysler plant in Ontario suspended due to supplier strike, Globe and Mail says
can't trip on someone who ain't worried bout me .
This week is flying!!!! Slow down bruh ----
We got 900! Welcome to all of our new fans. Stay tuned for more events and special promotions. Plenty of ways to get FREE STUFF!
I'll text u
No celebrate until mothers day. Rock out.
To err is to bunt. RT Bases loaded AGAIN. What can we do this time?
Today is too beautiful a day to go to work, so I hung out with friends on the beach, got my hairs cut, and will head to a happy hour later.
My prayers & condolences go to and his family.
Oh we TOTALLY had Beall's (fave outfit from there was a pair of red stirrup pants w/ loafers, complete w/ a red&green blazer).
I realized that perfectionism is a cousin of procrastination...and ignorance is better than stupidity. Learning and valuing time is just ok.
Please pray for my best friend Hanna. Things are really hard for her & her whole family. We really appreciate it, thank you.
Please come and enjoy our newly remodled Steam Room and Dry Sauna.
erroneous, erroneous on a all counts. 3D is BS in general.
huh...kinda watching Keanu Reeve's "The Devils Advocate" & I see a church in Gainesville that I removed honey bees from!
YES THEY R THE AMAZING **Safe&Sound<3**
I need a coffee & a redbull!
Story of my life. RT : I WANT A FUCKING ROOT BEER FLOAT
If I get an offer from 1 agent and a 2nd has my full, what's the best way to see if the 2nd still wants to be in the running?
Ledge Street students get health, safety tips from Nashua South students at Safety Fair
9 weeks till graduation. could not come sooner.
Never let anything come between your dreams n u
RT : NPR series good in that it encourages more public attention and discussion. otherwise, both myopic and oversimplified
Nothing worth seeing - as per usual for the PerfectStormer.
well I think I can finally take your badass on and maybe even win. Hope u get better soon buddy.
I love you more little one
giving away 2 tickets to dj chops biggest bday bash with DJ PAUL OF 36MAFIA LIVE AT CLUB PRESTIAGE THIS SATURDAY ON CHOPSHOPSA
New #Cigar lounge opening in the #Detroit Masonic Temple!
I don't know if these lesbians are flirting or fighting.
I am who I am, I like being the person I am. Whoever doesn't like me, idgaf. I'm glad I got friends who like me for who I am
Well, I like the other title so much better. Hm, oh well, I'll check it out.
Haha What's he selling?
It could be both....
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 10 End Of 4th #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
How was the shave at ? I love that place!
Headed down to D.C. for #tcamp12 - repping & - see you there, #opengov peeps. Sunlight sets up a nice un-conference.
LasVegas' Cultural Intelligentsia will be in all their finery TONIGHT as The Smith Center for the Performing Arts makes its debut. HISTORIC!
There ya go
You might be a fan of At Your Service Concierge if ____________.
Can Trump just disappear please?! Enough already!
Jacuzzi. Oranges, fresh off the tree. Belgian Wit. Newly finished kitchen. Happiness.
“: Milwaukee admirals asssseeeeemmmbleeee!!!!!” Get #pesky !!!
Thanks for the burger plug tundra dude! Balls to the wall my man! haha
Loving the #tweetdeck app for #iPad!!!
This stamp says it's Tito Puente but it sure looks like Bill Clinton
(c) and some are talking this hate to death threats? I think we should stop the drama like I said we all have opinions
u are so pretty
Thanks for the RT :) : When you have given nothing, ask for nothing. RT
You aint slick You aint slick!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Thank you! Which one are you? Thinker? Dreamer? :) cc:
if ou have class at noon
Great Saturday workout! Gotta love that runner's high.
I really am a super control freak with my shit. I'm learning that more and more.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on
Guess you missed the two Steelers-Ravens games this year too?
Tell him to live in Livingston revis! “: Also wanna say I'm lookin forward to having as a teammate.”
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Stepping out of a complex problem to gain perspective helps solve the problem.
Don't joke with me. I'm not a bitch who gets amuse by the shit you talk...
I'm at a cook out and full as shit.
It's before 8 on a Sunday and I'm awake and walking to coffee. Probably a sign to start preparing for the apocalypse.
I'm going to find the rest of the videos to watch the whole thing, its too fascinating!
Thats why im glad i got REAL friends in my circle!
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
The Clips don't stand a chance against San Antonio.
Closing out the Wine & Dine afterparty...but the show goes on. Only 21 hours to go!!!
Civil Union <U+2260> Marriage
a staple at our gnocchi-loving house.
Halloween :D
move to Starbucks, dude. I'm serious
speak up! No sound!
Umm? Where's the rose petals?
ok now good night! lol
When your standing at the crossroads there's a choice you gotta make.
Happy birthday to my favorite twins James and Evelyn!
Hey I just tweeted you, and this is crazy but heres my twitter name, so tweet me maybe? ;)
Thanks for the RT
btw message me your new address there's mail for you.
This game is getting ugly
Naaa just used the mute button. Cell phone status.
there were 50 people yelling at me today, but I did hear you say you liked my dress & I didn't get to say thank you! Lol
YEP!! Blake's a Bitch, CP's an asshole, the Refs cheating, n the commentators Hating!!!
Saturday Sips continues with three of our favorite Spanish wines. Swing by from 2-4 p.m. to chat with the distributor!
I need someone to text. Anyone love me enough? Anyone? No? Okay...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
wow! Hope u worked stickhandlingwiththepuck in somewhere!
You know you're stressed out when your ipod stops playing music and you dont notice for a long long time
No date yet but we'll keep you posted!
Yesterday, he said Will and Grace shaped public opinion on gay rights.
I actually wrote a blog post about how I would have cast the roles :)
RT : in the office with and
it was great - action packed. From the previews, it looks like it is going to be a good yr. for movies
people can be so insensitive these days.
kissimmee florida is a real place?
Missing 6 year-old girl from Lakeland may be traveling in a 2010, white Dodge Journey, Florida tag number C025UC.
This is gonna be hell weekend.
#YouWereCuteUntil ... Jk u still r cute (:
Thanks so much for the shoutout! We'll be releasing more information about the App very soon. Stay tuned!
I find it hard to believe he had no idea false information was being circulated about his schooling. Man up, and move on
NICE! it's surprisingly sunny and cool! feels nice! I walked a few blocks into the like outdoor shopping center but I'm so
I can officially say i made timabland. Or close to it. M.I.A. hit me up!
I have to learn from my mistakes instead of pushing them away.
idk, who getting beat up lol?
What is truly important varies among people, and therefore cannot be evaluated, judged, or guided.
Make sure your local listings are accurate so they can find you ...
Thanks for the follow &
Nancy Ekholm Burkert's "Mouse & Lion" (Michael di Capua/Scholastic) will receive its FOURTH starred review in Dec 1 Booklist!
I'm about to order my ticket this week!
Heading to #GRC11? Stop by our booth in resource mktplce and sign up to win a free iPod Shuffle
A reminder that it's #LadiesNight from 9-11PM at Grazie! The party is on... all ladies drink for FREE! See you tonight.
yea I got it haha I'm completely with you on the opinion on dark movies, nolan's batman films are very dark but I love them
Welcome to twitter! Matt is a great resource for information about commercial financing. Following him will be a benefit!
Wal-Marts chicken strips kick KFC & Church's ass, this will probably the only support I ever voice for Wal-Mart.
Fake Jenna marbles getting all the love
Lamar Odom:welcome back to L.A...have a good game,miss you...time heals all wounds...
they did. It was intense! And try did some charity too.
Who is your picks for
I look busted as hell
Will be posting an article that was done on Somaphony and the development of the brand with a few tidbits of word from an interview.
Newt's speech targeted solely at FL. Iran talk for Jewish vote. Pro-Paul nod for fiscal conservs. Grandkids talk for seniors.
can I get a table space at this event to vend? sounds like a great time
Well said!
Good morning everyone or afternoon how about good brunch time lol :))
been a playya since forever fool
#House is tearing me up right now !
hm but how could I marry if I never date???
Gone in 60 Seconds may be the only major movie trailer with a female voiceover. I read about this issue just a few months back.
impromptu writing date in 7 min? Sunday night, you’re just full of win aren’t you?
You are awesome.
I'm done With my testing ! <U+263A>
I say yes only b/c lakers so hard to beat at staples. Kobe will do work game 7. Hope okc wins though lol
I want the clippers to play against the spurs(:
Headed to Lake Forest, Illinois this AM. All I can say is, "Let's Go Bears !".
Interesting. Now we can just hope something comes of the investigation.
We are all connected. Earth " Political unrest is linked to climate change. #ArabSpring sparked by rising food prices"
“Poetry is eternal graffiti written in the heart of everyone.” <U+2015> Lawrence Ferlinghetti
PLZ Retweet! The 'Race for the Cure Event' has 99 likes! Please LIKE the page to get it over the 100 mark! -...
": Difference b/twn Delhi '09 and Delhi '11 is absolutely stunning. Flyovers. Wide highways. Metrorail. Amazing."
Happy #MothersDay to my fav mamas
Watching the #Voice !!
Great happy hour weather! Time for a round of #dcdrinking Race Cars!
will you please get better at Twitter. It's embarrassing.
yaaayyye... #switchedatbirth is returning. Can't wait.
Today was just about perfect. Why isn't every weekend like this?
Relo buyer needs house 2000+sf W Madison. Wheelchair accessible/1st flr master and full bath.
Tongue ring getting on my nerves today. Why did I do this again?
Not just any doodle. It's a houghton doodle! Its mine!!
mess with Flow beta. Pulled from Prod org 2 wks ago with zero notice. Still nowhere. Cant pull services from Prod. 5 yr cust. Prem.
You could have gotten them here
wont be lifted til friday.....so antoons then?
- An incubator [community] for local businesses would go a long way to mitigating risk & uncertainty - talk to of
They call it Nutbush city limit!
Ack! My twitter account was hacked. So sorry if it you were sent spam.
So excited for your show tonight at #HouseofBlues! What time do you guys go on?!
sure, followed ;)
Hey you shut up. Go somewhere.
What are they doing? What are the issues?
Anybody know if Young Monday/ is dead? Ain't seen him in minute.
Ah #Brewers Spring Training. How I love thee so.
its called suckafree for a reason
Correction: Kathleen Falk is the acting Dane County exec, not Dane County exec.
Pulp Fiction
It's a beautiful day in #Chicago! How do you plan on enjoying the warmer today? :)
Nikon or Canon?
Nothing is better to waking up to H&M! (Head & Money)
3.9 Earthquake, epicenter San Juan Capistrano a few minutes ago. We!
RSVP for the lunch meet up tomorrow, please!
Masullo it is!! 23rd, mark you calendar :)
If I didn't have something to distract me during 4 hours of managerial economics, I'd most definitely end my own life.
Fed. government is proposing moving 85,000 cubic yards of dirt from 4308 Guion Rd to Broad Ripple for levy. 4.250 truck loads in 6 months.
I just want to feel wanted
:( my opinion doesn't matter lol
Whoa! My Jesus Is No Joke book just became #15 on Unexplained Phenomena on Amazon! Thank you all for your support and I hope you enjoy it :)
We're moving as quickly as possible!
riding the mr. rogers trolley to learn! got all my journalism classes i need for next semester :)
I found mine in the fridge once. RT : Couldn't find my keys this morning... You know where they were? IN my bed!
Finally someone put that on record RT : For the record.. Denim on denim is NOT a good look
sez I'm ready for NOLA!!!
It's going to be a hot hot hot summer here in Houston
thanks for RT. great ending at #TEDMED Sad to leave.
woke up early this morning.
damn im really missin hubby tf .. i cant wait til im in his arms !. :) #homesick & 1400 miles away
Now Following < 3
OMG! That happens all the time to me XD and #44 more days till NYC #YEE I cannot wait(:
Can you play Mega Millions on the internet? I still have a valid Texas license
haha I don't even try! I just explained to my mum to do it, but it's hard as fuh!!! She's still doing it haha on beginner level
Warped tours lineup >
I just waited on hold 47 minutes for a tech that sounds like he learned English from a Furby.
Oh you didn't attend your college graduation because you wanted to make a statement? I'm sure it ruined everyones day that you weren't there
750 is the number in attendance tonight this far
thanks for inviting me! Congrats Chael!
"Smart people start their diet at the 'supermarket'; You can't eat what you Don't Buy!" --'Dare-To-Win'... 'Book'
Words hurt and can make bruises that never go away. & a person's actions can affect many.. stay strong everyone <3 Everyday, choose LOVE
An Alpine woman calls postal mix up of her Father's ashes.. a blessing. Find out why at 11pm.
Patiently waiting for a follow back from the beautiful boys and ... ;)
I plan to get caught up with my #PAD tonight! I'm waaaaayyy behind.
An oldie but a goodie... Santorum: "the Supreme Court consists of nine unelected, unaccoutnable judges." Basically, the constitution sucks?
Registration for school about to start
Proverbs 21:5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenty; but the thoughts of everyone who is hasty only to poverty.
Yup, back when McDonald's slogan was change back from your dollar instead of change back from your ten.
Am I the only one that thinks sleeping is TOTALLY boring?!
' new logo was "unlocking the siren from the circle"
RT “ “ Sex ain't better than love >>>>>>>> #RealShit”” I disagree... sex is amazing!
where are you I'm in your store!
Read an article that Meyers Leonard is NBA ready, the guy who wrote obiously doesn't know that Leonard is softer than my little sister
Cards need to take advantage and get this win tonight and tomorrow
? RT Rick Ross @ somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked.. But his only 1 L <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> oops
Spanish lol....and YES get it! I can get it to you for free if you want :)
-__- lol no problem :) RT : aww thanks for the goodnight tweet that I'm just now seeing lol
Even iHate Monday, I still made an effort to gets up & went to school so iCan continue my education ..
it's fine I'll find a way
Who wants a shout out???? Must be following me & ! tell me if you want a shout out<U+2665>
1st. Time Customer! What a great experience and the food, Wow! I'll be back! Thank you.
We'd love of you could all join us for the first preview of #LOSTINYONKERS but we're all sold out! Break a leg, Kurnitz family!
Omg dude you only got mad at her cuz i told you too. Ugh!
Come close
And Marty's "Revised ASCO/ONS Chemotherapy Safety Standards" #ONSCongress session is tomorrow at 10 am.
what's unbelievable?
ya buddy
Planning a surprise trip for my sisters birthday this summer. Any ideas of fun destinations? Thoughts on cruises?
agree. Students need to be on a path of self-reliance for decision making.
BIRTHDAY IN MAY OR JUNE??? WE HAVE SELECT DATES AVAILABLE IN MAY AND JUNE FOR SPECIAL PRICING!!! MESSAGE US FOR MORE INFO THRU THE PAGE!!!!
Puh-lease! Not your fault, I promise.
It's taking forever for you to follow us, just imagine how long it will take for you to even dm us!!
Thanks for the follow!
ink wonder how man people are gunna say they smoked tomorrow , but didn't actually do anything but wake up ... ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Does anyone know what time Stage 2 (the SF stage) of the #ATOC will start?
Omg I would have cried if I was inside Nike during the Riot attack! Horrible!
"How do you do them making love for the first time?" Director Bill Condon says of the making of "Breaking Dawn" .........
RT #crisisdata Remember our mission is 2 help both the haves and havenots. Tech has the ability to divide <--YES.
That mini heart attack you get when you almost fall and you feel like you dying , <U+2665>
"If you like things easy, you'll have difficulties; if you like problems, you'll succeed."
The "big news" better be more tour dates & one of them better be Seattle or else I'll piss on their faces.
What do you mean ? And yess I'm coming I wouldn't miss it for the world :)
Thanks for the shout-out!
Spending Turkey Day with my Mom's side of the family in years, oh my!
awh memories. Text me (:
yay! im about to make my real estate office decision. Last chance for input
Iowa, Johnson County substance abuse numbers higher than national averages
G shit ladies u do have to think like a men....And act like a lady its a true mf factor..
Yes, I air conduct while I write and listen to Carmina Burana. Don't judge me.
Thank you for visiting us. We appreciate having you as a customer. Have a great day!
SU coach Boeheim, stuck in the dark ages, is still getting out coached.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Pottery News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
The best part of Maggie Valley is 740 foot vertical drop & a great local place to ski.
So much of what trad publishing is supposed have an advantage in--editing, promo, etc-- I never saw. You?
My 9 year old daughter & I are #reading The Hidden Gallery by & loving Cassawoo's pining for Nutsawoo.
which wine are you pairing with that?
One of us likes hockey. Another likes NASCAR. A third is a kenpo karate practitioner. She's the tough one.
#lscon go viral...your best advocates are those who know your work
It's always great to hang out with you!
Nevermind I'm not a fat girl.
Thank you for checking in last night, Ian! What did you think?
sounds good. Let me know if you need an info sheet.
November: start videotaping every teacher's classroom
Via There is a #jobs fair today from 10-2 @ #Greece Community Learning Center in the Greece Ridge Mall by the movie theater.
I think we just came up with the name for the EP... maybe.
thats for sure everybody thought thatwe wuld die when the ball dropped
Shoutout to my girl ------> Go follow her now<3
the 13th. Him an some other driver. Plus RC himself!!
If one deeply felt a single pain, then you understand all the other sufferings ~Fredrika Bremer (Swedish writer)
MT We have a MODERATE RISK for severe storms tomorrow. Our severe weather special "Surviving The Storm" airs tonight at 6:30pm.
Ask her.
I miss you on the show.They are good,there just not you<3
Rare success story for Egypt&#39;s revolution: ending military trials
I feel like us Irish/ english majors should kick it in the best city on earth... maybe this weekend? Hit me up puh-lease.
life just went from 0 to cray.
Thank you for the mentions and retweets
RIP Patrick Swayze
Thanks for sharing your #socialmedia expertise at
That Lil Girl From JABAWAKEE'S CAN D A N C E :D :)ILYShawty<3
Agree! Perfect day to do some snowshoeing. Before it's nice and warm tomorrow as well!
I believe in #fortunecookies! It's true. (cc: )
yes dinner would be great. Thx
dont be ashamed. he might be a big star one day.
true, but it wasn't even the intellectuals who clowned Gore--or Dukakis or Quayle. The debate season should be hilarious tho...
So happy my "McCracken Live!" producer Brian Beacock will be back in New York. Anxious to tell him my "ideas" for the show.
"If we care about our kids, then let's figure out what we need to do." - Geoffrey Canada
"It Started to Rain", Amos Lee. Very very sad song.
cody ross is a bad mofucka
Lol. What are you doing there??: Can PSG maybe stop shining the lights directly in my eyes?
it's almost over but it's on GolTV, Espn3 and 1 other cable channel. 7 min + stoppage time.
but it means handsome in spanish too...
RT : Once you know what the test material will consist of--strategize. #FINALS Tips from our Education Consultant...
OMG these children followed me watching my azz then when I caught them the ran off screaming bye Mz. Fine Lady lol nasty azz children SMH
It b hella funny when you know sombdy thn you see they twitter picture nd they b lookin totally different .
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3
Hi, you 2 would be cute. Okay, bye now! :)
I like how some people don't realize that #betterthaniknowmyself is trending because it's 's first single, and try to make it..
Thank you so much for following! Have a lovely day!
I kind of love oatmeal. Is that what gruel is? Because if gruel is oatmeal, I be happy eating gruel.
Yes, it was kind of freeing. I think I'll take a cell phone vacation again in the future -- hopefully by choice next time!
Cool, man.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
i have a twitter feed up on my local site so i can see it update real time as i work on it >:)
Thank you sir. :)
yes, and what also isn't fake is my excitement for fruigurt!!
THINGS ARE SERIOUS, A MAN IN A DRESS IS DEAD
OMG I WAS FORCED TO TAKE A PICTURE TODAY AND I DIDNT WANNA SMILE THEN MY FRIENDS MOM SAID NIALL AND KAYLYNN SAID HARREH AND I SMILED.
lmao. i Am.
It's Like That...And That's The Way It Is...Huh!!! #Classic #Dopeshyt #weedropweerock!!!
I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent.
Ice cream diet!!!
i love you <3333
note to self: it is hot so car belting needs to be kept to a minimum
ha! One of my good friends is opening that place and I had no idea they were open yet!
RT : Ironically said last nite that it was OVERused RT : Most used word so far at #lmds2012: authenticity
I want it to be dinner already !
All I want is a walk on the beach
There's this new kid at my school and he is finnnnnnneee
I get what you're talking about. I think its time for some new scenery
I'm in Canada right now... but will be discussing when I get back to class on Wednesday.
yes please :)
I'm still working...anyone else? ?
Do i need to step in?
One of the twins were sick the past two days, so I didnt have time for twiiter, sorry guys, but I am back!
love it and love you!! <3 FOLLOW ME PLEASE :D
